2) 1) text: In good time for the "Amen" we come in close to one of th boys, and this is our introduction to JIM, aged 11. He is hot and uncomfortable and not a very pious chorister. Singing mechanically, he shifts his gaze around and uses his fingers to loosen his collar. "Amen."
2) 5) text: (Yang driving, Jim nex: dust of a side-street,
2) 7) dialog: (pleading) on. his head.
2) 8) dialog: ease, Yang. Just once more, show me how you did it in the films. Yang glances to the gas. over his shoulder and then puts his foot hard
3) 0) text: feet in the air, four-wheel s lide during which.... INT. MOVING PACKARD - of MC We see Jim hi pleasure...as Yang, other contro disposing of which he get. cheering him
4) 5) text: Jim twists in his seat to look at the old destitute man.
4) 7) dialog: Zero sen. ANGLE ON PLANE 11lA Jim knows his planes, it's a Zero.
4) 8) dialog: He sits on his bike next to the pool. The pool is a marbl affair with mosaic on the bottom and lies in the middle o a vast green lawn. Yang fired Jim's imagination and he is carrying his air rifle, and when an imaginary gangster creeps up behind him, Jim whips around and fires. Jim get on his bike and coasts down the slope of the pool, past t flower beds and the lily pond. fo Ae eS ANGLE ON GARDENER L Avsowi He crouches by a flower bed and watches the boy ride past towards the house, dispatching imaginary villains to a better world on the way.
6) 0) text: JIM'S MOTHER, an English woman, smoking an English cigare while listening to English music ("We're the girls every adores?") on an American radio, looks out the open doors.
7) 1) dialog: riding his bike on the lawn.
8) 0) text: Jim's bedroom has quite a few trophies of a lucky boy's life; a beautiful kite, an air rifle, roller skates. But, it serves mainly as a shrine to the airplane. There are model planes everywhere; some hanging realistically from threads on the ceiling; others stand posed for take off o the dresser. Jim sits behind a boys desk while the family Beagle devou Jim's dinner which he has put on the floor. Jim is writin furiously in a school book. After a few moments, he HEARS his parents getting ready for bed (the closing of doors a the running of water). Jim closes the book.
9) 0) text: Jim creeps through the hallway, his parents bedroom door partially open. He SEES his mother behind her make-up mirror, removing he eye shadow with a piece of cotton wool. Rouge, powder, an lipstick are stripped away until her face looks blank. Then she opens her nightgown and, with a big powder puff, applies some talcum powder (against the heat) on her chest. The radio is on, playing WAR NEWS.
9) 1) dialog: He is fascinated by his mother.
9) 6) text: 18 19 20 CONTINUED: ° The talcum powder billows around Jim's mother. She sees J in her mirror.
10) 0) text: Quietly, Jim turns away from his parents bedroom and make his way to his own room.
11) 1) dialog: He wakes up. He SEES his mother's cigarette glowing in the dark and, when she takes a drag, he can briefly see her whole face.
11) 3) dialog: Will there be conjurers at the party?
11) 5) dialog: (thoughtfully) No, that would be rude.
11) 16) dialog: Vera? (pause) She really isn't my girlfriend, you know. She says I am a lucky boy because we live in a big house.
11) 18) dialog: Are you a lucky woman? Is my father a lucky. man? A wave of emotion comes over Jim's mother and she hugs he
11) 21) dialog: His eyes are open as he HEARS the drone of the Japanese squadrons in the sky.
13) 0) text: The gramophone MUSIC continues faintly.’ We see Jim's hou and the Packard parked outside the front door with Yang behind the wheel.
14) 0) text: Jim is dressed in a Sinbad outfit. Jim chooses a plane to take with him to the fancy dress party and he settles on balsa-wood glider.
15) 1) text: Yang is driving. Next to him is Sinbad the Sailor. Yang glances into the driving mirror and sees a Pierrot and a Pirate with a black eyepatch (Jim's father) in the backse What he thinks about it all, we don't know. Jim is holdin his model glider.
19) 12) dialog: Thanks, Mr. Maxted. You came as yourself.
19) 14) dialog: I had them at my party.
21) 2) dialog: (squinting up) Nakajima. Two machine guns. Which side is going to win, Mr. Maxted?
21) 4) dialog: Oh, that war.
21) 12) dialog: Yes. I've become an atheist. Jim looks at his mother through the open living room door
22) 0) text: Jim launches his wardens rgss™’ ga om the pool and the house, colee Bx sues £y going to travel an iepresstes ba: cit.
22) 2) dialog: (running, over his shouldei} See something! Maxted turns to look at the magic show which is coming to one of its climaxes to appreciative squeals and applause; two of the acrobats, one on the other's shoulders, blosso into an eruption of red paper and turn themselves into a large red cockerel. Maxted evidently has seen it all before. Jim's father approaches Maxted from the direction of the party. He is carrying his glass and a dish of snacks.
23) 0) text: The airfield is not in use, but derelict and overgrown, with an occasional blockhouse covered in turf and wild sugarcane and nettles. Carrying his Plane, Jim wades purposefully across the field, passing a burial mound wit rotting, lidless coffins protruding from the earth. Jim Pauses to peer into the coffins, looking with interest at the yellowing skeletons and skulls embalmed in the _rain-washed mud. He moves on and reaches a crashed Japanese fighter plane, partly stripped, with vegetation growing through it, the metal rusted. Jim walks around th tail, pleased to see the plane, and steps onto the wing-root. He puts his model plane on the wing and climbs into the cockpit.
24) 0) text: Sitting in the cockpit, Jim examines and touches what is left of the instrument panel. He mimes lifting his goggle off his forehead over his eyes, looks sideways and raises his hand in a signal - And the sigh of the wind in the grasses turns into the SOUND of fighter planes warming up all over the airfield. Jim adds his own voice 01 m thé Bo} nd of the plane taxiing and 2 ngf off. 088, he decides that he is in aepifal t8 an making machine gun noises with this mouth.
25) 0) text: Jim climbs out onto the wing-root, picking up his model plane and launching it. He jumps down off the wing and runs after it.
25) 18) dialog: I left my plane.
25) 21) dialog: The soldiers look as if they're waiting for something to happen.
25) 29) dialog: They didn't look angry or anything.
26) 0) text: The party is breaking up. We are at the front of the hous where the limousines are parked, some already leaving, GUESTS in various fancy dress getting into cars, Mrs. Lockwood bidding good-bye to people, the departing children each with a present to take home. Jim's father is standing talking-to Lockwood who still wears his Father Christmas outfit, but has taken off his white beard.
27) 0) text: Jim returns Maxted's wave.
27) 1) dialog: Actually, it's been a rotten day altogether. Church in the morning, lost my plane this afternoon, Latin homework tonight. It's probably been the worst weekend of my life.
27) 3) dialog: I'm giving up the choir anyway. “ JIM'S MOTHER No, you're not. cme EMER. 0069 Yang opens the passenger door as Jim's father arrives and gets into the car, saying -
28) 1) text: Jim's attention is directed through the windscreen and, a always, his attention is animated, self-sufficient. Next to him, Yang drives. Then, Yang's eyes change a little an he glances over his shoulder toward Jim's father in the backseat.
30) 0) text: Entering the house, Jim's mother goes straight up the stairs, meeting a servant (AMAH) who presses herself agai the wall. Jim's mother speaks to her briefly in Chinese (about packing Jim's suitcase). Jim's father enters a ground floor room through whose doo we might see him pick up papers from a desk and put them into a briefcase. But we stay with Jim who moves through the front hall, stripping off his Sinbad tunic, tossing i inaccurately at a chair so that the tunic slips untidily to the floor. Jim disappears towards the kitchen.
31) 0) text: Jim enters the kitchen of the house, and goes straight to _the refrigerator. When he opens the refrigerator we SEE that it is full of good things. Jim drinks from a bottle of milk, replaces the bottle, closes the vefrigerator, an "steals" a tasty morsel from under the busy hands of a CHINESE COOK. “INT. JIM'S HOUSE (JIM'S BEDROOM) = DAY 53 Amah is packing Jim's suitcase. Jim enters the bedroom, hurrying.
31) 1) dialog: Thanks, Amah. As he takes off his shirt, the Amah is carefully folding his school blazer, with the badge of the Cathedral School on the pocket, into the suitcase. Jim's father appears in the doorway, half-dressed. cme o, ose EMER.008 9 The Amah picks up a balsa-wood plane, perhaps because it lying on top of the school cap which she needs to pack.
31) 2) dialog: Don't touch it, Amah. It's mine.
32) 0) text: The "small plane" is a Pocket-sized, metal die-cast, sing engine Japanese fighter. It is lying on a bedside table which we haven't seen before Jim is in pajamas, lying in a hotel bed. An AIRPLANE FLIE somewhere by, surprisingly close. Jim opens his eyes.
32) 1) dialog: (murmurs) Nakajima. Jim gets out of bed and goes to the window.
34) 0) text: Jim is dressed for school. He is tying up his shoe and notices that one of the soles is starting to come loose. From beside the bed, where rests the small model plane, h takes a book, Kennedy's Latin Primer. He opens it, but is attracted to the window again. JIM'sS Pov $9 It is now dawn and a Japanese gunboat is signalling (a flashing light) toward a British naval vessel flying the White Ensign. Jim returns to his bedside and picks up a flashlight. 60
35) 0) text: Jim is at the window, enjoying himself, laughing quietly he blinks the flashlight. An EXPLOSION tumbles Jim off th window sill, cracking the glass of the window and ignitin the room in a brief glare. Then another explosion, and th war seems to have started outside on the river. As Jim picks himself up fearfully from the floor, the connecting door into the next room is flung open and Jim's father _dashes in, in his pajamas.
35) 2) dialog: I didn't mean it! It was a joke!
35) 4) dialog: I a
35) 5) text: Jim's father goes back through the door. Jim cautiously approaches the windowsill, where his aghast face is lit b flames.
36) 0) text: A mob of GUESTS are banging on the elevator cage. Jim's father and mother, dragging Jim by the hand, are fighting their way down the staircase. Jim is holding his school cap and his airplane. The plane almost gets torn from his grasp in the crush. He stuffs his cap and the plane into his blazer pocket. In the confused hubbub and SHOUTING, a few phrases can be distinguised...
36) 2) dialog: Do I have to go to school? JIM'S FATHER’ Come on -
36) 3) dialog: I haven't done my Latin.
37) 0) text: The road outside the hotel is full of PANICKING PEOPLE, some of them pushed aside by a Japanese armored car. A platoon of Japanese infantry, with bayonets fixed, is . trotting towards them along the Bund. Jim's father hurr his wife and Jim along past the Parked cars till they rea the Packard. They get into the car, which then moves out into the stream of people.
39) 1) text: Jim's father is among several BRITISH MEN who have stripp off their jackets and are wading through the mud to meet
39) 12) dialog: (to the Nun) Is the war over now?
40) 0) text: We recognize the. tree-lined street where Jim lives. Jim wearily walks up the street towards his gates. The beggar at the gates have disappeared. By Jim's gate there's only the abandoned cigarette-tin to remind us of the beggar.
41) 0) text: A scroll of paper with Japanese characters is fixed on th door. Jim tries the door and finds it locked.
41) 1) dialog: Amah! He walks around the house, aware now of the deserted feeling. The garden is unkempt. The water level in the pool has dropped a t nd. the. water is mot clean. Jim HEARS a military vépi PPE. chip rid ides briefly as a Japanese armored c. oe! erie oi si r@jis a garbage flap set into the ° é@ house’ néar e“kitchen. Jim lifts the flap, takes off his cap and starts to squeeze himself through the opening.
42) 0) text: The shot is of Jim squeezing between the blades of the electric garbage-chopper inside the chute.
43) 0) text: Jim squeezes his way into the kitchen which is empty. He throws his cap on the table.
44) 0) text: Jim comes into the hall.
44) 1) dialog: Mother! He goes to the stairs.
45) 0) text: The bedroom door is opened carefully by Jim who then look in and comes inside. The room has been disturbed, perhaps looted. Scent bottles and powder boxes have been swept of the dressing table. Clothes are in disarray on the unmade bed. The polished parquet floor is covered in powder on which there are confusing footprints. The dressing mirror has been splintered. Jim sniffs the air, grimacing. He comes forward and examines the footprints on the floor, puzzled by them. There are the dainty footprints of a woman and the large prints of soldiers’ boots. It looks like the footprint patterns in a dance manual, and Jim experimentally tries to follow the dance, placing his fee into the prints until he can't make it work. He is standi against the bed. He sits exhausted on the bed and picks u his mother's nightdress, bringing it to his face and taki comfort from its smell. He lies down holding the nightdre to his face.
46) 0) text: Jim is eating a meal, alone. He has laid his place carefully at the part of the table where (we assume) he always sits. The meal is a cold meal but evidentally the house has been left with food in the pantry. There is a clock on the sideboard. We become aware of it in the moment that S &to £05 ry
47) 0) text: Jim stands in the empty pool, examining the objects which have been caught in the outlet. There is a surprising number of them - a wine glass, a hair slide, a rubber san a marble, several copper. coins and finally an English half-crown and a pair of sunglasses, both of which he pockets. Jim's appearance has begun to change. He is starting to look unkempt, a bit haggard.
48) 0) text: Jim is trying to drink from the kitchen tap, but only an occasional drop emerges from it. The fridge, its door ope to reveal that it is bare, is standing in a pool of water Jim shuts off the tap, superfluously, and then goes to th fridge and finds a piece of cheese rind which he nibbles. He drinks from the ice-tray. His cap is on the table.
49) 0) text: The empty hall. Suddenly Jim appears on his bicycle, riding out of one room and into another. .
50) 0) text: Jim bicycles slowly ‘round the dining room table and out again.
51) 0) text: Jim enters the study at some speed, expertly circling the desk, then knocking over a lamp and swerving through a do into -
52) 0) text: Jim cycles in, zigzagging among the furniture, passing th wind-up gramophone which still has a record on the turntable. INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL) - DAY . We follow him on his bicy. Le, out gt e dr, wing oom and across the hall, enjoying}hi iS , al g night ‘to the swing door of the kitchen arg ough it. va oO i é
53) 0) text: Jim cycles around the kitchen table on which his cap is still lying. He scoops it up as he goes by. As he leaves through the swinging door, again we see that the front do of the house is open to the garden.
54) 0) text: Jim, his cap on his head, rides his bicycle out of the front door and down the front steps and along the drive through the gate into the street.
55) 0) text: Jim rides briskly in and out of the trees, dodging the people in the street and ignoring the Japanese Patrol whi Marches by. He cycles away from us, ringing his cycle bell, until he is nearly out of sight. 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85
56) 0) text: Jim cycles past the gates of a handsome house, and out of _frame, and then back into frame and through the gate.
57) 0) text: Jim is in the kitchen of the "handsome house". The place is looted, the cupboard doors hanging open. Among the objects thrown to the floor is a cookery book in glorious color. Jim picks it up and flips through the glossy pages tormented by color photographs of roast meats and iced cakes...he throws the book down and opens the pantry door Jim recoils from the putrefaction inside, disturbing a dense cloud of flies.
58) 0) text: Jim is cycling past a row of poor-looking shops. Inside one of them he sees TWO JAPANESE PRIVATES and sweeping everything off the shelves. Jim turns his bicycle towards the shop and comes to a halt. He calls to the one of the Privates.
58) 1) dialog: I surrender! The Private comes out of fhe, sho: nd pushes .Ji bicycle sprawling into th 74 ‘i tt u - (shouts) I surrender! his
58) 2) text: The Japanese Private comes forward to bar his way. Jim ta a small model airplane from his pocket and holds it up to the Private.
58) 3) dialog: (Shouts) Zero sen. This throws the Japanese soldier off and Jim slips by him An escorted lorry full of CAPTURED BRITISH SOLDIERS passe by. Jim pedals furiously after the lorry. In the back of the lorry the British prisoners notice him and CHEER him SHOUTING encouraging remarks.
58) 4) dialog: (shouts) Wait! Wait!
59) 0) text: Jim rides his bike. The street is loud and excited, in th grip of a celebration of the overthrow of the European occupation of Shanghai. But now there is a new occupation Japanese army lorrys loaded with SOLDIERS are prominent i the traffic. A party of JAPANESE OFFICERS move by. A gian poster of Chiang Kai Chek is being stripped from a buildi Coca Cola bill boards are pasted over with slogans and pictures of the leader of the Puppet regime. (This was Wa Ching-Wei). Jim, wearing his school uniform, including th cap, is making his way through this. Jim hurries past the entrance of a cinema where "Gone With the Wind" has been playing the partly dismantled faces of Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh rise on their scaffolding, and there is also huge life-sized replica of Atlanta in flames. Behind it a the real flames and smoke of burning buildings. We note a FOREIGN YOUTH in a leather jacket who approache Jim.
59) 3) dialog: No. Jim moves away more quickly, followed by the youth. Tryin to escape the youth, Jim rides across the street, dodging the rickshaws and the PEOPLE. He looks back and SEES that the youth is also crossing the road, dodging through the traffic. Jim hurries along the gutter of the road, lookin over his shoulder. He sees the youth keeping pace with him. The road opens up into a square full of people. Jim hurries into the crowd and changes dire¢tion and looks over his shoulder again.
59) 11) text: Among the bobbing heads, Jim sees the youth looking this way and that, the trail lost. Jim makes his escape through the crowd and he continues 8 across the square until he comes up against the back of a dense crowd which is silently watching some kind of spectacle in the open space.. -and, as Jim dodges and cra to get a glimpse, we see that it is a public execution: a YOUNG MAN IN QUILTED PEASANT CLOTHES is kneeling on the ground, about to have his head severed. JIM'S POV = CROWD 89c They mutter with barely suppressed fury. A few sturdy DOCKWORKERS make a threatening move forward.
61) 0) text: Jim bursts barefoot out of the alley and into the street and is nearly killed by a lorry. The lorry brakes and Jim falls, unhurt. The driver of the lorry, a big young American called FRANK, jumps out of the cab and approache Jim. The pursuing boys are intimidated by him and they leave Jim to him.
61) 2) dialog: Yes, I think so.
61) 4) dialog: 13 Amherst Avenue (he gets to his feet) I'm waiting for my mother and father. "EMEH 008 9 Delayed? Some kind of crazy Brit kid. What's your name?
61) 5) dialog: James Harding. I've written a book on contract bridge.
61) 7) dialog: They took my shoes. Frank picks Jim up and easily places him on the driver's seat of the lorry. (From now on Jim is barefoot until he a resident of Nantao Camp.)
61) 13) dialog: - Alright. I expect my father will give you a reward. He once gave a taxi driver five dollars for bringing me home from Hankow.
61) 15) dialog: Are you with the American fleet?
62) 0) text: The lorry, Frank driving and Jim next to him, talking, works its way through whatis 3 [to be fan @batidoriéd and derelict dockyard towa: poo ifhg hull df Wetrepit, dry-docked cargo ship. t A 4
63) 0) text: The lorry parks close to the ship and Frank and Jim get down. Frank leads Jim into the ship through the gap left by a missing plate in the hull, Frank carrying a canvas sack, heavy. Jim is still talking, animatedly, but we can't hear.
64) 0) text: Inside there is a raised bamboo platform onto which Frank and Jim climb and along which they walk towards a steel ladder further on in the gloom.
64) 1) dialog: -.-And probably my parents are on a ship somewhere, on a boat to Hong Kong, and then they'll send for me, and... :
65) 0) text: The steel door is pushed open and Frank shoves Jim forwar through it and follows himself. Jim is standing in a smal steel-walled cabin up near the top of the ship, with a . Charcoal stove sending its smoke through an open skylig The floor is littered with rags and bits of scrap metal, engine parts, brass portholes. There is a cot and a coupl of canvas chairs. A man, BASIE, is tending to a cooking pot on the stove. Frank drops his canvas bag heavily on t floor. Evidently it contains more scrap metal. Jim sways faint with hunger. Basie looks up. When he speaks we realize he is, like Frank, an American.
65) 4) dialog: He once gave a taxi driver... He half-faints and sits on the cot.
65) 14) dialog: I once met Madam Sun Yat-Sen. She didn't call me anything. I was only three and a half.
65) 26) dialog: Jamie.
65) 29) dialog: That's a corruption of his real name.
65) 31) dialog: My mother told me.
65) 33) dialog: A bit. I like planes.
65) 42) dialog: No.
65) 44) dialog: Thanks!
66) 0) text: The lorry is ina busy st igs mo, PE s market. Frank is arivingpan i at Be etn him and Basie. Jim is ill a looks i Hav: ‘eh uble ystaying awake. Seas oupleys
66) 2) dialog: I'm all right, Basie.
66) 4) dialog: Don't throw me out, Basie. I'ma sound commodity.
66) 6) dialog: Don't give up, Basie, you'll sell me soon, I just need feeding up a bit.
68) 1) dialog: Frank, what does Basie want to buy with me? 6 o o He doesn't gar e! ba uu AY faye 3 he can sell i o
68) 2) dialog: Why can't he sell me?
68) 4) dialog: (giddy with hunger) If they did buy me what would they do with me? They couldn't eat me, I'm skin and bone. He is interrupted by Basie's return to the cab.
68) 14) dialog: - Is this the commodity market, Basie?
68) 16) dialog: Is the war going to end soon?
68) 18) dialog: That's quite a while.
68) 22) dialog: (not buying it) : Basie...I...first I could show you where there's rich pickings... hundreds of houses left empty...
68) 25) dialog: I can show you some houses I lived in before Frank found me. They were luxuriant. .
68) 32) dialog: Thanks, Basie!
68) 34) dialog: There certainly was good living, Basie. There was opulence.
68) 36) dialog: (selling) They had liqueur chocolates, white pianos, EMCEE -: ;
70) 0) text: Jim is peering through the windows, pointing this way and that way.
70) 1) dialog: That one has whiskey and gin and a white piano. That has whiskey and gin - no, just whiskey and a vradiogram. That has a cinema and martinis.
70) 14) dialog: That one has a dance floor made of mirrors and a radiogram and a fountain and crystal chandeliers.
70) 16) dialog: I think they were crystal.
70) 20) dialog: here, Frank“ I did see s oney. Basie... Piles of notes on bande SS : tably B FY taking you to Pet jon . — Turn “3 é Basie glances suspiciously at Jim as the lorry turns into Amherst Avenue.
72) 1) dialog: Wait out here... I'll go and... He breaks off, his face lighting up as he looks towards t house. This is because he can distinctly HEAR the sound o his mother's favorite record on the wind-up gramophone.
72) 3) dialog: I knew she'd come back!
73) 1) dialog: Basie, they're Japs! Frank tries to put the lorry into reverse. The two figure in kimonos... Japanese Officers... come running out of th house, followed by TWO MORE UNIFORMED PRIVATES. The soldiers carry bamboo staves. The lorry stalls. A soldier starts lunging at Frank through the open window of the lorry. Frank is shouting. The other door of the cab is opened and Basie and Jim are pulled into the driveway by the other soldiers. Basie kneels in the gravel, accepting the punches and kicks o e tw ficerg. Frank lies on the ground being beaten tBes by, i . Jim sits on the ground, looking up fat fla ap! i who looks back at him, puzzled. Thi IC ‘ome t: g#amophone still plays. .
74) 2) dialog: (Shouts) It's Yang.
74) 6) dialog: He stands in front of the screen pointing excitedly at th images. The projector breaks down. ANGLE ON THE PROJECTION BOOTH’ TWO JAPANESE GU. kobalie fe ¢ &) own projector, while a THIRD GUA sEands in neo beam and throws shadows on the screen.
74) 7) dialog: He turn towards the gates,
75) 5) dialog: We'll soon be on our way to the camps. I bet my mother and father are there waiting for me.
75) 7) dialog: I should have stayed with them. If the Japanese won't take care of us, will the Chinese?
75) 18) dialog: Thank you for the Party! The gates close as the lorry drives away. Jim turns aside and goes back under the shadow of the raked benches which make a half-covered area, mats on the ground indicating that this is where the prisoners sleep. Jim goes to his mat. There is a quiet moaning sound coming from one of th stretchers which have bi n, the ground under the seats. Jim notes it an en. to inv gates and discovers that the stretch t Bish : By Gac bruised and bloody, stu ‘all “o' th in$ of Paper bandages.
75) 19) dialog: Basie! It's me! Basie opens his eyes and moves his lips, but can't say anything.
75) 20) dialog: It's Jim! He gets up and runs a few yards to a water butt with a ladle hanging from it. He fills the ladle with murky-looking water and brings it back to Basie. Jim wets his fingers in the water and touches Basie's lips with th
75) 21) dialog: Don't worry, I'll look after you! Everything's going to be all right.
76) 0) text: There is an insistent tinny banging NOISE, an amplified version of a sound we have heard before. This time it is the Europeans. They have been turned into beggars. They bang their mess tins against the ground, against benches, against the walls. The general view of the detention center shows the prison standing, lying or sitting, all of them still, apart from banging their tins, all of them staring silently in much same direction... which we see is the door of the guard h Sergeant Uchida comes out of the guard house with a small sack which he tosses in a general direction of the cookin where TWO CHINESE WOMEN, one of them being MRS. LEE by na have also been waiting. With the appearance of the sack o potatoes, only large enough to hold one potato for each prisoner, the prisoners cease rattling their tins. This h been CROSS-CUT with... INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY lll In the "interior", und "seats, SH 5 if ng on his mat and looking some ndbageeeetna ep) e mobile, is listening to the TTL ENG...of the + “Basie LOOKS at Jim asleep on his mat some little distance away from Basie's mat and Mrs. Partridge, who is lying on the mat next to him and who, we can now SEE, is dead. Basie also SEES Mr. Vincent pacing up and down, and Mrs. Vincent sitting quietly on her sleeping mat with a dainty pack of cards, playing Patience. She is calm and absorbed and comparatively well-groomed, pondering the cards as though she might be passing the time in the corner of a club lounge. Inside, the SILENCE of the mess tins registers with Basie, who now rouses himself and calls to Jim.
76) 11) dialog: Right, Basie. He picks up Basie's mess tin. Basie produces a third tin and hands it to Jim.
76) 13) dialog: (gently) She died, Basie.
76) 17) dialog: He gathers his courage and snatches t! he cup from Mrs. Partridges lifeless hand.
76) 19) dialog: I always bow, Basie. Jim goes out into the sunlight. Basie limps over to Mr. Partridge. He gently removes the brush from Mr. Partridge hand.
77) 0) text: Jim is busily sieving for small bits of coal and placing them on Mrs. Lee's fire. He blows the fire, coaxing a fla out of it as Mrs. Lee supervises the boiling of the potat
78) 0) text: Jim arrives at Basie's mat with the three mess tins, each containing a potato in its share of the potato water. Basie takes two of the mess tins.
78) 3) dialog: Thanks, Basie!
78) 14) dialog: I know, you are, Basie.
78) 16) dialog: Basie, when you were in Shanghai Central, did anyone talk about my mother and father?
78) 19) dialog: Gosh, thanks, Basie. I learned a new word today. (hesitates) I forget what it was.
79) 0) text: In the open air, Basie sits on one of the benches in cris clean clothes. He is making an origami bird out of a cigarette packet. Elsewhere, Mrs. Lee is brushing her hai with the silver hairbrush. She catches Basie's eye and throws him a smile. Basie manipulates the little cardboar bird and then tosses it away. Elsewhere, Jim moves among the other prisoners, going from one to the next, greeting each by name but seldom getting a response. When he reach the EMACIATED SOLDIER, who is lying slumped against the perimeter wall in the sunshine, holding’ his mess tin in hand, Jim discovers that he has died. Jim eyes the now available mess tin. He hesitates. He looks round towards Basie. Then he decides to take the tin and he stoops to pick it up and continues.
80) 0) text: We probably see the screen first: at any rate there is a movie flickering on the screen. Perhaps it is a Thirties swashbuckler. The Japanese are giving themselves an unexpected treat. There are only three or four GUARDS in charge of the detention center. Some of the prisoners are sitting on the benches but they have their backs to the screen. The prisoners face the ‘Japanese guards who are watching the screen. One of the LITTLE CHINESE BOYS who is sitting with his mother on a bench forgets himself sufficiently to peek over his shoul when the scratchy soundtrack indicates a particularly interesting moment, but one of the guards shouts at him a the boy's mother cuffs the boy. Jim is nowhere to be seen This is because...
80) 1) text: Jim is under the seats, ME a the narrow slot which is al this
80) 2) text: Jim is syanding watching the movie in the "sleeping E quarters" : Paul and David are sitting on either side of the sleeping mat on which their mother lies. Jim jerks his head at them, inviting them to share the view, but Paul and David seem to be in a stunned state. Then Jim realizes why: i their mother is dead. She is lying on her mat, shod in i plimsolls, sticking out over the edge. Jim approaches and takes his "Wings" comic book out of his pocket and offers to one of the boys. The boy takes it automatically but doesn't look at it.
80) 3) dialog: I'm sorry.
80) 13) dialog: I don't want her shoes. Basie has given up trying to untie the lace. He pulls at the shoe which won't come off the woman's foot. He jerks at it and the corpse jerks towards him. Jim grasps Basie' wrist.
80) 14) dialog: Don't Basie! - I don't want them!
80) 17) text: JIM i It's the lorry!
80) 19) dialog: Come on! =- come on = don't you see? - This place is to see who dies! Jim pulls Paul and David to their feet. }
80) 23) dialog: - (to Paul and David) Come on! Jim runs to his sleeping mat as the other prisoners start getting to their feet. They all start gathering up their meager possessions.
81) 0) text: The last stage of the line-up. The ritual which we have seen before. Soldiers and orderlies masked, are bringing in stretchers and walking wounded prisoners. The gates ar open and the lorry is outside. But the CUT is to Sergeant Uchida, passing along the line of prisoners. Mr. Partridg and others are rejected. Among those who are motioned to get into the lorry are Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, the Pyms, tw elderly couples, Mrs. Hug and her father, and then Paul a David. Each prisoner hands in a mess tin as before. Basie is next, and next to him is Jim. Sergeant Uchida gives th nod to Basie who follows Paul and David without a backwar glance. JIM'S POV - THE PRISONER Me I 00 : i climbing up into the lorbys jchben wo OF réé people who came with the lorry and remained on it. SERGEANT UCHIDA stops in front of Jim, who does his best look bright and healthy, somewhat against the odds. He seems about to let Jim leave when he glances, instead, ov his shoulder at the lorry, evidently to see if there is room for one more. Basie is just wedging himself into the remaining space on the bench, next to Paul and David. The JAPANESE SOLDIER who is going to stand guard in the back the lorry, puts the tailboard up and starts to haul himse up over it. Uchida pushes Jim back by the shoulder. Jim staggers and falls and picks himself up and shouts desper at Basie.
81) 1) dialog: (shouts) Basie!
81) 13) dialog: Straight on! Nantao it's over there! I was at the country club. Uchida and the driver look in the direction of Jim's outstretched finger. Uchida returns the map to the driver. He starts to cuff Jim as the driver returns to hi cab and starts up the lorry. noun avec “EMEH 008 9 E » Uchida cuffs Jim again, a’ i ben, m? A ene iddenly changing his mind, glad to be rid of this troublesome boy he picks him up bodily and throws him over the tailgate o the lorry as the lorry begins to move forward. Jim extric himself from the legs of the prisoners on the lorry and clambers forward until he reaches the back of the driving cab where the guard has positioned himself. Jim reaches h position at the back of the cab and stands there looking over the top of the cab with the wind blowing into his fa which is bloody but triumphant. He turns back towards the tailboard.
81) 14) dialog: Basie! I told you everything will be all right. They all sit there, looking at Jim, with none of his exhilaration. We SEE them all: Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, Basie with Paul and David, Mrs. Hug and her father, Mr. and Mrs. Pym, the elderly couples, perhaps a dozen altogether, and finally, a young Englishman with a bruise face. This is RANSOME.
82) 0) text: The lorry passes through a landscape of war, burned-out buildings and vehicles, doors and windows open to cloud a sky; with military traffic occasionally passing the lorry Jim is at his post, standing behind the driver's cab. Nex
82) 9) dialog: I can't help it, Mrs. Hug. Don't you think it's funny.?
82) 11) dialog: Chapei.
82) 13) dialog: (shaking his head and chuckling) I couldn! Before Fret war. bo Fefeta Milled fo wt
82) 15) dialog: (laughing at that) I know! Jim laughs and bangs the cab again and shouts down to the driver, pointing out the road.
82) 16) dialog: Nantao. The driver sticks his head out of the cab and shakes his finger angrily at Jim. Ransome looks at Jim with interest The other people in the lorry are mostly in a stupor. Pau and David are being entertained by Basie, who is deftly going through their pockets. Mrs. Vincent is regarding Ji with something close to amusement.
83) 9) dialog: Everything looks different. I was out here at the country club...
83) 11) dialog: If we can find the railway I'll know | where we are. Then it's either East or West. eo eC LL A Either East or jWest. Where wo we be without him?=== ¥
83) 19) dialog: (urgently) . We mustn't go back - don't you see?
83) 24) dialog: All our friends will be in the camp. They're waiting for us. My parents... Mrs. Vincent is jostled aside by the guard clambering up over the tailgate.
83) 30) dialog: (shouts) There it is - the NANTAO line! Jim excitedly shows the guard what he has seen and the guard shouts to the driver. The driver turns the wheel sharply and Jim tumbles off the cab into the back of the lorry. We see Mrs. Vincent's reaction: Jim is getting to her; sh gives him a small smile for his success.
83) 39) dialog: ~ (happily) I'll get you there, Mrs. Vincent! We also see Basie's reaction: the argument over the dead woman's shoes had put Basie in bad humor with Jim but now he acknowledges Jim's success in spotting the railway.
83) 42) dialog: Yes, I want to be a pilot. Ransome looks at him bemused.
83) 43) dialog: I've been in one already at Hungjao aerodrome. Did it ar ME Oltls 9
83) 44) dialog: Well, in a way.
84) 13) dialog: They're waiting for you to ask, so they can hit you with their rifles. Then they'll give us water. Ransome stares at him, rather angrily. Jim gets up and casually moves towards the platform. When he gets to the edge of the platform he climbs up, ignoring the Japanese. Ransome, Basie, and the others watch him with interest. Mrs. Vincent watches him with anxiety. Basie starts nervously playing with his lucky half crown. The driver notes Jim and is evidently talking to the Corporal in a good humored way about Jim, who bows steepl and then stands to attention, unsmiling. The Corporal laughs. The Corporal part-fills a bottle of water from hi canteen and holds it up, calling to Jim, beckoning. The prisoners are transfixed by the sight of the water shinin in the sunlight. Jim walks to the Corporal.
84) 16) text: JIM i (matter of fact) It was my water.
84) 17) text: Ransome takes the bottle, and Jim goes back to his place, sitting on the ground, leaning against one of the wheels the lorry. Ransome tips a little water into the mouth of the SICKEST WOMAN and then into the mouths of two or thre Elderly Prisoners who can't move. Basie reaches out for the bottle but Ransome tips it to his own mouth first taking a couple of gulps; it seems he might take a third gulp, but finds Jim looking at him expressionlessly, and checks himself. Ransome passes the bottle on. Jim looks away again. When the bottle reaches Mrs. Vincent she firs of all gives a drink to her husband.
85) 0) text: Jim's small model airplane is flying against the night sky. The constellations jolt around behind it.
85) 1) dialog: He is lying on his back holding the plane in the slip stream of the lorry, comforting himself, he makes plane noises. In the distance he HEARS the sound of real planes
85) 3) dialog: Nantao airfield... that's the Pagoda. The lorry dips and the efooti/p(oabetped MLE Qocscon of an embankment.
85) 17) text: falls down in the white grabs a rock. Jim only planes. They are his siren sondg= climbs the embankment. The guard clubs Ransome fie s
86) 0) text: Jim reaches the top of the embankment and sees the runway being built. It's white.
86) 11) dialog: He reaches the first plane and leans against it running h hands over the smooth cowl of the engine.
86) 13) dialog: He stands under the wing and SEES the three pilots approa him. Jim touches the blade of the prop and whispers.
86) 14) dialog: Zero-sen.
88) 0) text: With the dissolve, we SEE the image of two Kendo fighters circling each other with helmets, body armor, and’ bamboo staves, suspended over the runway. Suddenly, the taller fighter attacks. Before his shorter opponent can make a move, he has been beaten around the arms and head. The shorter opponent's helmet is knocked off his head, reveal the face of Jim; an undernourished, undersized, over expe fourteen-year-old. The fight has taken place in the guard house, somewhere between an office and a recreation room. An audience of THREE OFF-DUTY JAPANESE GUARDS applaud as victor takes off his helmet. This is SEARGENT NAGATA, a once strong farmer's son who is beginning to show the ravages of tuberculosis. Jim places his helmet on a desk.
88) 1) dialog: Thank you, Seargent Nagata.
88) 3) dialog: Yes, shoes.
88) 5) dialog: Bottle.
88) 7) dialog: Cork.
88) 9) dialog: Book...chair
88) 17) dialog: - Very good.
88) 19) dialog: I have to go now.
88) 21) dialog: (laughs) Cheerio. Jim palms the cork and leaves the recreation room.
89) 0) text: Jim comes out of the guard house, rubbing his ear where Nagata had hit him and finding a little blood on his fingers. He looks in command of himself and of the situation, however, as he s °. a,trok tawa eS hospital, skittering along {i s| t= tay i shorts, his clogs flapping And! kibgin!
89) 1) text: A game of marbles is in Progress in the dust. Several of the BOYS from the camp are engaged in this. Others, the SPECTATORS, stand watching, each holding a thread on whic a brilliant blue dragonfly is captive. Jim, on his progress, tears by. He is clearly an object of interest t all the other boys.
89) 16) dialog: Sorry! Jim runs on without pausing.
89) 18) text: A GOLFER addresses himself to an old battered ball which he then hits a few ungainly yards towards a SECOND GOLFER who stands hopefully next to a cavity in the stony ground It is not a good shot at all. The first golfer shakes his head in disgust. Jim runs by, laughing.
89) 19) dialog: Use your iron! The golfers evidently take their game seriously. They glare at Jim. Jim continues his journey through the camp at his usual 1 speed. This may be an appropriate moment to describe what the camp is like. The camp is surrounded by a wire fence which separates it from the nearest part of the airfield. (The nearest part of the airfield is on the fringe of any
90) 0) text: We follow Jim until he runs up the steps of the hospital.
91) 0) text: The first room is a dispensary of sorts. The men's ward and the women's ward lead off from it. In each ward can b seen a number of cots and mattresses, all occupied in the semi-gloom. The only person in the dispensary is a middle-aged woman, MRS. PHILLIPS. From her appearance and her activity in the room it is clear that she is not a visitor but belongs there. Jim speaks to her in an unnaturally loud voice. :
91) 1) dialog: Hello, Mrs. Phillips!
91) 3) dialog: What?
92) 16) dialog: She looked at me! I got her back to life!
92) 18) dialog: No, she looked right at me! I can do it again.!
93) 0) text: Satie here sits_doyn, alone for a moment in grief nd an, es into the dispensary, approaching R some (cau R&ysome looks up at Jim, a little more warml
93) 2) dialog: (loudly) I think I've gone deaf!
93) 4) dialog: Sergeant Nagata gave me a Kendo lesson. . ‘
93) 17) dialog: Is that what you do? -- Give the mosquito net to whoever's dying next?
93) 19) dialog: Amabantur.
93) 21) dialog: Amatus eris. Ransome straightens up f AG Lat, (x ear and announces his prescript nt C Vv
93) 32) dialog: Yes, it's coming back. Do you ever save anybody, Dr. Ransome?
93) 34) dialog: Well, anyway, it's fewer to feed.
93) 36) dialog: (rapidly, from memory) "If I should die think only this of me that there's some corner of a foreign field that is forever England there shall be in that rich earth a richer dust concealed a dust which England bred - "
93) 40) dialog: Hotsy totsy. RANSOME. I beg your pardon?
93) 41) dialog: It's a new word Basie taught me. He said you'd know what it means.
93) 42) text: Ransome leans forward and takes two tomatoes out of Jim's shirt pocket.
93) 44) dialog: (unashamed) They're for Basie.
93) 46) dialog: I have to give him something . everytime I see him.
93) 52) dialog: That's because he only drinks boiled water. Ransome offers the tomatoes.
93) 54) dialog: Thanks.
93) 56) dialog: It's a good thing I'm friends with you, too. . f 2.Q « From his pocket Ransome t ondo: hi gives to Jim. $ i a
93) 57) dialog: See you tomorrow! I've got some things to do! Jim gets up and runs out of the dispensary, stuffing the Latin book inside his shirt.
95) 0) text: Jim has arrived at the washing line which is a crude affa behind one of the dormitory blocks. He rapidly unpegs a shirt, pants, and socks, and runs past the fence towards American dormitory.
95) 16) text: The plane sails over the perimeter fence and crash lands near Jim. Jim runs over to it and picks it up (after Placing the laundry carefully on the grass).
95) 19) dialog: He launches the glider back across the fence.
95) 20) text: The Japanese boy shouts his thanks and runs after the glider. He picks it up. Jim waits to see if the boy will launch the glider back at him. But the boy launches his glider away from Jim and runs after it. . Jim picks up the laundry and runs through the camp. He notices a lorry, the food lorry, coming down the road towards the camp gates.
95) 32) dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Maxted! I'll be there!
96) 1) dialog: The food lorry's here!
96) 3) dialog: (cheerfully) There isn't any other news. He leaves.
97) 0) text: The doorway of the American dormitory is decoratd with signs and American symbols. One sign says "You are enteri the United States." Another says "So get them off." Jim
97) 9) dialog: Oh, yes ple 7», Dainty,! Ae f Meri. O08 ¢ So would I, Kid. “Ha¥d you dét Wnée’ # Jim makes his way down the corridor. Along the way he passes SIX AMERICANS playing poker. They are using condom as chips. Jim is heading for a corner cubicle. This is guarded by an American prisoner called DEMAREST. Seeing J approaching with the laundry, Demarest moves aside the curtain closing off the corner cubicle to speak to someon inside. went Ye
98) 0) text: The cubicle is a corner one, with two windows giving Basi a clear view of the entire camp. He is sitting on his bunk, dressed in a long sleeved cotton shirt, faded but neatly creased. The cubicle is like a general store; clothing, pots and pans, tennis racquets, stacks of old magazines. Jim enters in his usual state of panting excitement. Basie sits on the bed, absently playing with the half crown coin which he slips in his pocket when Jim arrives; not to hide it, but Jim merely replaces the coin as something to occupy him.
98) 12) dialog: That's it, Basie. Here are your clothes?
98) 14) dialog: Thanks, Basie. I got you a cork. Jim hands over the cork from the guardhouse.
98) 19) dialog: (anxious) You've got to give it back.
98) 26) dialog: (almost beside himself) Oh yes, Basie. I would love it. Basie gets up from his chair and indicates that Jim shoul sit there. Basie should play thi sedi 4 SO! a ay ician who is about to reveal a g: e hist pu Grea Jim's back, he rummages thrpu i sket: mit dare to look behind him. BaSi'e comés up behind him. He has something in his hand, but we can't see what. Basie cuffs Jim affectionately on the head.
98) 28) text: Basie is giving Jim a crew cut and it's obvious by the quick, confident way he goes about his business, that Bas cut hair in another life.
98) 37) dialog: (nodding happily) It's the Cadillac of the sky, Basie.
98) 39) dialog: B-29s?
98) 41) dialog: Where from, Basie?
98) 47) dialog: Tokyo! EMEH Ango It'll be time..t ont i going (nome! of
98) 49) text: Jim dutifully turns his head to the left.
98) 50) dialog: (uncertain) We'll have to leave the camp.
98) 54) text: Jim.
98) 55) dialog: Will you tell me when it's time?
98) 62) dialog: I brought Amy Matthews back to life for him. Just for a minute.
98) 64) dialog: Thanks, Basie.
98) 66) dialog: Com ee MCEUO 89 Pragmatist? hat's a one. D Dr. Ransome teach you that one? The only indication of Basie's anger is the quickening of his scissors. Jim nods.
98) 68) dialog: You'll meet them, Basie.
98) 70) dialog: What about my Latin? Basie walks around Jim who has a complete crew-cut now, a he seems satisfied with his work. :
98) 80) dialog: What's that, Basie?
99) 0) text: Jim leaves Basie's cubicle and jerks his head at Demarest who scowls at the deliberate impertinence and goes into Basie's cubicle.
100) 0) text: Jim runs up to join a gaunt Mr. Maxted who is standing wi his cart, dressed in a pair of shorts, about to be served from the kitchen hatch. Other carts are returning laden t different dormitory blocks, while a few more wait their turn. Jim runs up, breathlessly, just in time to help Maxted receive a bucket of boiled potatoes and some mush, grains of wheat. Mr. Maxted is either too kind or too oblivious to notice Jim's hair.
100) 8) dialog: Sorry, Mr. Maxted.
100) 10) dialog: (looking around) The others should help.
101) 0) text: Jim sits on his bunk with his plate. From his wooden box takes a tin spoon and stirs the wheat around.
101) 8) text: Mrs. Vincent pulls the curtain open and watches Jim, but doesn't see him or notice his haircut. She looks tired and frayed, but still attractive.
101) 12) dialog: (proudly) I am an American now.
101) 15) dialog: No, I'm not, Mrs. Vincent. I...am a citizen of the world. And he hands her purse back.
101) 27) dialog: - Have you ever been there, Mrs. Vincent.? Mrs. Vincent gives Jim a look, but he is innocent of the implication.
101) 28) dialog: They've got wonderful things there; Zippos, bongos, lipstick, flick knives, harmonicas, tie pins, binoculars, Vargas girls, flashlights...you'd really like it.
101) 31) dialog: (overacting anguish) Oh no, Mrs. Vincent. Not the British dormitory. It's so boring there. I'm only a boy. Please don't, Mrs. Vincent. I'll tell my father you looked after me. A, MRS £ VENCENT | (mi Eg ff am foaneip) 0.8 9 Do you th I' et the keway JIM —™ . | (embarrassed) What reward? I never said....
101) 34) dialog: Well, I was much younger then. Mr. Vincent enters the cubicle with two plates of food, one of which he hands to his wife. He takes two spoons ou of his pocket and they use them to separate the weevils from the wheat. While Mrs. Vincent was lecturing Jim he was counting weevils, and now he reaches in his box for a pencil.
101) 35) dialog: Eighty-seven weevils today, Mr. Vincent.
101) 40) dialog: It's above average, but the trend is down. Mr. Vincent doesn't reply. Instead, he and his wife watch Jim balefully. Jim stirs the eighty-seven weevils back into the wheat and then takes a couple of rapid spoonfuls Mrs. Vincent almost gags at the sight.
101) 42) dialog: Sorry. Dr. Ransome says some of us will die two days before we are saved, perhaps two hours. So use everything. We have to beat them, you see.
101) 44) dialog: It's how we wime a, B; sing ies He keeps on eating the EME the 1B 9
101) 46) dialog: (surprised) No. (thoughfully) Why did the Japanese close the school?
101) 48) dialog: (starting to eat the potato) It might be a bit strange. He picks up a stray weevil on his finger and eats it.
101) 56) dialog: - All the same, Mrs. Vincent, the best teacher is the university of life. Mrs. Vincent separates the weevils from the wheat with mo force than necessary.
101) 58) dialog: Right. But we should eat the weevils, Mrs. Vincent.
101) 60) text: JIM t He said we need the protein. |
101) 63) dialog: (thoughtfully) I can't remember a single meal ‘ before the war, and I can remember every one since. (then brightly) Mrs. Vincent, do you believe in vitamins?
102) 0) text: Jim is awake; he is looking through his collection of pictures torn from magazines.
102) 11) dialog: Bored with the pictures, he looks through the gap in the curtain. He sees Mrs. Vincent lying on her back, in a fitful sleep Her husband lies on his side facing the wall.- Suddenly t light of a distant explosion is cast over her features. A split second later, he HEARS the hard rumble of a distant explosion (the light of the explosion always travels a little faster than the sound in the scene).
102) 12) dialog: He moves from the curtain to the window. JIM'S POV - THE SKY [TR oe 6 Nh 149A “iC HW over Shanghai flickerg icy the 1 ons PAE te jex osions. He HEARS the distant drone of high flying bémbérs.
102) 13) dialog: 
102) 16) dialog: He looks out the window.
102) 28) dialog: 
102) 30) dialog: (whisper) They're bombing the Shanghai docks.
102) 38) dialog: He tears his eyes away from Mrs. Vincent and searches for the B-29. OS he HEARS Mrs. Vincent moan.
102) 47) dialog: 
102) 48) dialog: They're bombing the Shanghai docks! OS the DRONE of the B-29 has turned to a ROAR, and he bol from the room.
103) 2) dialog: All the way from Guam... A JAPANESE GUARD on the watch tower is shouting down at t guards on ground level, some of whom have emerged from th guard house, whose windows are lighted.
103) 3) text: An anti-aircraft gun po A on the tdp ° of the Nantao Pagoda opens up. The reason is that a B-29, jettisoning bombs as it goes, is passing over the airfiel from the direction of Shanghai and towards the camp. Prisoners and guards start running for cover. Jim alone continues to watch. At the height of the NOISE of the plane, an immense black shadow Passes over Jim.
103) 4) dialog: (awed) My God... Then he is flung aside by an explosion as a bomb hits the ground not too far away. Then the noise ceases and Jim picks himself up. The Japanese soldiers are shouting to each other. The bomb has dropped just inside the camp, causing indirect damage, by unlucky chance, to several windows of the guardhouse. The watch tower, is also now a a tilt but the soldier at the top, comically spared, is clinging safely to the ladder.
103) 5) dialog: He looks down the bomb crater like he once looked down hi pool.
107) 0) text: Jim is also backing off, towards the hospital. The guards in pairs, move around the camp and start smashing prisoner's windows, over CRIES of protest.
108) 0) text: Ransome moves out onto the steps of the hospital to meet them. Ransome SHOUTS a protest in Japanese. The first guard brushes past him and smashes the first window. Ransome grabs the bamboo stick from the soldier and fling it aside. It rolls towards Jim who is running up. Jim picks it up. The guard starts attacking Ransome, hitting and kicking him. The second guard is Seargent Nagata. : I He uses his stick to club Ransome down. He is about to join the first guard in kicking Ransome when Jim, holding the stave in Kendo style, leaps the hospital steps, onto the little veranda outside the doorway. |
108) 1) dialog: Sergeant Nagata.
108) 2) text: Nagata turns. The fir, wis alsotdistragtéd. Jim bows to Nagata and takes a3 ido & oe Ce faces Jim. Jim makes a feint wit is stave, ja a tele tries a stroke. Nagata faster in one can follow the movement, - parries the stroke and smashes Jim in the ribs and on the side of the head. Jim falls down. Nagata waits. Jim climbs painfully to his feet and bows to Nagata who bows back. Ransome, groggy and on his knees, has watched all this. Jim walks to the other guard, who has also been watching and presents him with the stave, bowing. The guard looks at Nagata for instruction. Nagata turns and walks away from the hospital. The other guard follows him. Ransome gets to his feet.
108) 4) text: Jim touches his ribs and head. Ransome touches Jim's ribs with his hands looking for fractures. f
109) 0) text: Jim is seated on the metal table, holding his ribs. Ransome examines Jim's skull.
109) 5) dialog: Dr. Ransome, the B-29's fly at 320 miles an hour. I timed their shadows across the camp with my heartbeat. To hit the airfield they have to drop their bombs about a thousand yards away. But the Japanese are shooting them down over the runway after the Planes have already dropped their bombs.
109) 7) dialog: (starting to gabble excitedly) If they want to stop them bombing the runway, they have to shoot them down a thousand yards away -
109) 10) dialog: Mr. Radik's dead?
109) 12) dialog: My father's company had a suite at the hotel. Ransome moves away from the table and Jim sits up and cli down off the table. Ransome comes back with the golf shoe
109) 20) dialog: Thank you.
111) 0) text: Jim enters and, as usual, runs the gauntlet of greetings and sarcasm from the American PRISONERS
112) 0) text: Demarest is in there busily strapping a razor. Basie waits to be shaved, sheet around his neck. Dainty is also there, crouched over a map and compass; the compass is the homemade one made by Basie with Jim's cork and needle; the map is a guide book of the Shanghai area.
112) 1) dialog: Hello, Basie.
112) 9) dialog: How'd you get that?
112) 13) dialog: What are you doing, Dainty?
112) 17) text: Jim picks up the compass.
112) 19) dialog: (impressed) You made this with a cork and a needle? A real compass that works? Dainty takes it from him and puts it back on the map.
112) 30) dialog: Basie, is it time?
112) 32) dialog: You won't forget? |
112) 40) dialog: I'll try, Basie. (but he is still concerned) Basie, without me you wouldn't even have a compass.
112) 51) dialog: Right, Basie. Dainty is folding th Ap Trito! quattey nd sit becomes a double-sided chess pode] VU U iL) VU
112) 58) dialog: (from the doorway) It's Cohen. Basie is folding up the sheet.
114) 0) text: oe The "chess board" has b| Fed ‘i a bb >. Sabidlng case. Basie and Daintyja i g [chess . i fang’ Demarest are watching them play. en Nagata enters, ey all get to their feet and stand politely. Nagata walks in . carefully. There are now five people in the cubicle and one of them stands out: Basie is spruce, tidy, smoothly shaven, and wearing nice laundered clothes. Nagata, Dainty, Demarest and Jim have more in common, they are variously unshaven, bedraggled, dirty, sweaty and ragged. Nagata sniffs the air delicately. He takes in Basie's appearance and resents it. He puts his grimy face next to Basie's clean one and sniffs the Yardley's. He touches Basie's clean white shirt and looks down at Basie's dappe shoes. He looks at his own army boots with their laces broken and knotted. Nagata casually kicks over the "table sending the chess Pieces scattering. The bowl of shaving soap and the enamel mug have been Placed on the floor und the box and are now revealed. The mug is still foamy, wit the shaving brush stuck in it. Nagata takes out the shavi brush and looks at it thoughtfully and drops it on the floor. Demarest, Particularly, is scared, his eyes on the mug full of foam.
116) 2) dialog: Don't move him. I'll get Dr. Ransome. Jim leaves. “RAT | LO INT. AMERICAN MEN'S opmiub ef cgrdse'6 eh Qentnc 167 bone F ee EE 5 of
116) 4) dialog: With a fretful expression on his face, Jim turns away fro the window and sits on Basie's bunk. OS he HEARS the voices of the Americans echoing through the dormitory, somebody plays the harp and somebody curses. Jim pushes the wooden box that contains his belongings under the bed
116) 15) dialog: He approaches the wicker baskets with caution and respect He looks over his shoulder to make sure no one will distu him and lifts the lids of the baskets, expecting to find hoard of gold.
116) 17) dialog: He tries the Zippo, -but, it doesn't work. imed s disappointed with the, oeepat df, ,the! Hoard). / He }rep lids with a great déal flegs gare, then wheh he pened the and settles down with~a Poptflar lechaniés . Demarest sticks his head through the curtain and looks rather balefully at Jim as if to say, "Are you still here
116) 18) dialog: Any news?
116) 22) dialog: (uncertain) I think Basie would want you to trade something for that, don't you?
116) 31) dialog: (uncertain) Yes, I suppose so.
116) 33) dialog: No, I haven't. He asked me to watch his things.
116) 35) dialog: (anxious) What do you mean, Tiptree?
117) 0) text: Jim enters the men's ward. He SEES a bed shrouded by mosquito netting. Certain that his friend is dying inside the shroud, he forces himself towards the bed. He pulls the netting aside. He SEES Basi lying in the bed. He looks frail, almost wispy, under the sheets.
117) 1) dialog: If his tear ducts hadn't atrophied, he'd cry.
117) 16) dialog: (vather sadly) You're so clever, Easie.
117) 18) dialog: How are you feeling? i t Oye F hasfe L Dis I've had wor est Tj got fbeater a stoker once. “ et - ws
117) 20) dialog: (remembering) On the Cathay American?
117) 22) dialog: Were you a stoker?
117) 24) dialog: Why did he beat you?
117) 31) dialog: - (as if the thought occurred to him for the first time) Where do you live, Basie?
117) 33) dialog: I mean, after the war.
117) 35) dialog: (as if he already suspected as much) So, you don't have a home.
117) 41) dialog: Nobody feels sorry for you, Basie.
117) 43) dialog: i (dutifully, as if to an aging champion) And you always eat first.
117) 49) dialog: I know. Basie just gives him a look, and then continues.
117) 51) dialog: © (eyes big as saucers) | Pirates? |
117) 57) dialog: But, what about Shanghai? i i
117) 59) dialog: } And after that?
117) 65) dialog: (blurts out) Take me!
117) 67) text: Jim knows that everything is riding on his answer, and he considers several ones before dismissing them. Then, he comes up with the only answer he could give.
117) 68) dialog: Because I am your friend. Basie responds with a wheezing laugh. |
117) 71) dialog: You asked for me.
117) 73) dialog: Dainty.
118) 0) text: Jim stands in the doorway of Basie's cubicle. He is out o breath.
118) 5) dialog: He has to fight back the tears and then busies himself wi trying to minimize the damage. He gathers up the blouses, the slacks, the nonmatching shoes, and the Mah Jongg set which is broken and puts them back in the baskets. But th tin that held the condoms is empty, and the one tennis ra and the magazines are all gone.
119) 0) text: Jim walks through the American dormitory with the box tha holds his belongings clutched to his chest.
119) 2) dialog: Could you please put those back, they belong to Basie. But, the men ignore him. i ; i Hee, | Jim walks up to Dainty, Tiptree f Dindres 3 ey are | playing poker and using Basie’ s| of doms is chil (os | stacked like in Vegas).
119) 3) dialog: (frantic, points | at the condoms) When you're done playing, could you put them back in Basie's spot, please. I was supposed to watch his things ] and he is going to be awfully mad.
119) 5) dialog: No, Basie is coming back. Honest he i is. : But, the men ignore him as Demarest deals the cards, and walks away with the box clutched to his chest, fighting back the tears.
120) 0) text: In his absence, the Vincents have colonized Jim's part of the room. There are still three cots, but things have bee rearranged with some of the Vincent's possessions placed on Jim's cot, and his photographs have been taken down fr the wall. Mr. Vincent is lying on his cot, and Mrs. Vincent is sitting on hers. As Jim hesitates in the doorway, she and Jim look at each other. She makes neither objection nor welcome. Then, Mr. Vincent sits up and sees Jim.
120) 2) dialog: He starts to cry. EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY pee . ne 173 | (ote ELS | Jim waits for Basie e steps foe, aba sagt barracks that lies opposite the Wostifel He Ras “beén fitting ther
120) 6) text: Jim runs up to Basie, but he ignores Jim.
120) 7) dialog: (with false cheer) How are you feeling, Basie? Basie just keeps on walking.
120) 14) dialog: - Now, about your things. (scrapes his throat) Dainty and Demarest borrowed some of them, and so did some of the other fellows, as a matter of fact, but I told them, put it all back. I'm sure they did. Basie just sends Jim a withering glance and shuffles on. Jim gets the message and stops walking, while Basie shuff on. The wind gusts between the barracks, and Basie almost disappears in a cloud of dust.
120) 15) dialog: (shouts after him) They're stronger than me, Basie.
121) 0) text: ~ ¢ Jim walks past the plainer! fénce. > hi the camp is deteriorating. Theré are, buoken winds tHe paths are pitted and the street™Signs broken. Jim is lonely and there is something aimless about his wa
121) 2) dialog: 
121) 4) dialog: (shouts) Zero-Sen.
121) 22) dialog: 
122) 0) text: Dr. Ransome is examining Mrs. Vincent behind a screen in the infirmary. OS they HEAR Jim's voice. nd rush to the window They see Jim standing EM; onkel in) SLES en Oh ace, 175A while singing.
123) 0) text: Mr. Maxted is scrubbing out a.huge pot. It's hard work an his face is drawn and grim. OS he HEARS Jims' solo. Mr. Maxted smiles and stops scrubbing the pot.
124) 0) text: Basie is lying on his cot, watching the smoke of his ciga trail towards the ceiling, when he HEARS Jim's song throu the open window. One can't tell what he thinks about it, because his expression stays the same.
125) 0) text: The Zero has lumbered into the air. The private and the corporal just glance over their shoulders, but the Japane boy turns all the way around as Jim's singing continues. He SEES Jim, following the Zero with his eyes. A tall ~- American approaches from behind.
125) 1) dialog: "No foes shall say his might, Though he with giants fight; ° Then fancies flee away! I'll fear not what men say." i i i
125) 4) text: lll Jim sings his last notes watching the Japanese boy watch him. DEMAREST (os) Hey, Caruso..he wants to see you. Jim stops singing, turns around, looks at Demarest and follows him to the American dormitory. He looks over his shoulder. JIM'S POV - ACROSS THE AIRFIELD, THE JAPANESE BOY 177¢ follows the corporal and the private, but he too looks ov his shoulder.
126) 4) text: Demarest pushes Jim into the cubicle. Jim doesn't know what to expect. Is this his return from exile, or is he to be punished? Basie looks Jim up and down, but doesn't say a word.
126) 5) text: JIM i (very softly) Hello, Basie. Basie produces an almost new Life magazine and casually opens it. : Jim SEES all the pictures and color ads.
126) 9) dialog: _ - (licks his lips \ like an addict) I've never seen that. What year is it?
126) 11) dialog: Forty-five?
126) 13) dialog: (bewildered and delighted) @ How did you get that? I thought everthing was...
126) 16) dialog: (rubs his crewcut) Yes, please, Basie.
126) 17) text: We'll see, first things first. Jim feels like an American again, back in the land of the living. And, he watches Basie put the magazine aside and pick up a wire noose attached to a stake.
126) 19) dialog: What is it?
126) 26) dialog: (insulted) Of course I do.
126) 28) dialog: Have you seen pheasants, Basie?
126) 30) dialog: Outside the wire? arn } a aa Right by ths fa ge ofthe EX feild had across the]: thes canal . {you Ean} ag? it, easy. “You're too smart for the Japs. Jim finds Dainty, Demarest, Tiptree and Basie looking at him.
127) 0) text: Jim walks casually along the perimeter fence. He is wearing his shoes and carrying the pheasant trap. The fence isn't formidable at all. Up to now, there hasn' been much cause to worry about prisoners trying to leave the security of the camp. Jim glances up at the watch tower and passes out of view behind a ruined block house on his own side of the wire.
129) 0) text: Jim, barefoot now, is worming his way back under the bott strand of the fence. He crawls, disappearing into the nettles, and emerges on the edge of the canal, into which he crawls, keeping flat.
131) 1) dialog: Jim emerges carefully out of the water of the canal. He i keeping as flat as possible, but beginning to feel braver Soaking wet, he moves forward in a crouch, glancing back over his shoulder.
131) 3) dialog: He drops flat.
133) 0) text: We SEE Jim's face. He's lying in the nettles.
133) 2) dialog: Jim, breathing rapidly with fear, crawls sideways.
134) 4) dialog: He SEES Nagata wading through the water. a on INT. AMERICAN MEN'S porn 2 Ke a
135) 2) dialog: He sees Nagata looming nearby.
137) 0) text: Nagata takes another step towards Jim, his boot is but a step away from Jim's hand. OS somebody SHOUTS something in Japanese.
139) 1) dialog: He looks over his shoulder.
139) 4) dialog: Expecting a rifle butt against his head, Jim covers his head with his arms.
139) 5) text: Nagata veers away from Jim at the last moment. His eyes are fixed on something in the grass. Nagata bends down an picks up the boy's glider and launches it back towards th Japanese boy.
139) 6) dialog: He rolls sideways behind a bush.
139) 14) dialog: He watches Nagata cross the canal and step back into the camp through the fence. Jim turns towards the Japanese boy.
139) 16) dialog: He waves to the Japanese boy and crawls quickly back towa the fence. In the BG, the Japanese boy launches his glide and runs after it.
141) 12) dialog: I set the trap, Basie.
141) 14) dialog: He settles himself on Basie's bunk and opens up the Life. He glances at the shelf. He SEES (on Basie's shelf) Cohen's flick knife, a pair of binoculars, Tiptree's harmonica, the tin of condoms, and least a pack worth of loose cigarets. Dainty enters the room with all of Basie's old magazines. He doesn't see Jim sitting on the bed.
141) 19) dialog: 
141) 23) text: Demarest runs after Jim.
142) 0) text: Jim sits on his cot. He studies the Life magazine with th same intensity as his Latin Primer. ° Mrs. Vincent stands by the door; she is speaking to Demarest who stands on the other side of the partially drawn curtain, and is out of view
142) 3) dialog: Von Runstedt; Belsen; GI Joe; Okinawa; Bazooka; Bacall. OS somebody calls.
143) 19) text: Jim runs over to help Mr. Maxted, for there is a riot goi on outside the serving hatch. The other carts, with their @ attendants, are jostling for position, and there is a l shouting. Jim and Maxted are fighting for their place. Blows are exchanged and then a couple of guards wade into the scrum, hitting the prisoners with bamboo staves.
143) 23) dialog: There is an immediate scrum into which Jim hurls himself. On the ground, Jim grabs a potato and stuffs it in his mouth. He manages to grab two more potatoes which he puts inside his shirt. Jim struggles free of the mob, and when he gets clear, he sees Mr. Maxted sitting on the ground against the over-turned cart.
143) 25) dialog: I got yours, Mr. Maxted. Jim takes a potato from inside his shirt, and hands it to \ Mr. Maxted.
144) 0) text: Jim enters the room, looking as though he has been in a fight, which of course, he has. Mrs. Vincent stands at th window with her back to him and she doesn't turn. Jim hesitates, glancing at her, and then goes into his cubicl drawing aside his curtain and letting it fall back into Place. | Jim sits on his bed. From inside his shirt, he takes his remaining potato. As he is about to take a small bite out of the potato, he HEARS Mr. Vincent come in. Jim pauses.
144) 4) dialog: (brightly) Hello, Mr. Vincent... I've got yours. Mr. Vincent and Mrs. Vincent turn to look at him. Jim offers the potato.
144) 7) dialog: I got you one to share, but it's a i good one. . Mr. Vincent shakes his head and walks out of the room. i Mrs. Vincent holds her gaze on Jim.
144) 8) dialog: It's all right... there's no weevils. Almost. He corrects slightly, flicking a weevil off the potato.
144) 14) dialog: - Well, I can change my mind. I've already had one.
144) 16) dialog: I know. I'll probably go to hell if I eat it. You'll go too, if you make me.
144) 18) dialog: You don't want to go to hell with me, Mrs. Vincent.
144) 20) dialog: I don't know, Mrs. Vincent. Do you?
144) 25) dialog: I hope my parents have got an extra potato...wherever they are.
144) 27) text: She reaches out a hand towards Jim's face, and with her index finger pushes the crumb of potato into Jim's mouth. Mrs. Vincent leaves her fingers in his mouth for a half a second longer than necessary, holding his look, not provocatively, but tenderly.
145) 0) text: Jim loiters through the camp.
145) 4) dialog: Would you like a Hershey bar?
145) 6) dialog: So would I, have you got one? And he walks on. He HEARS (with his finely tuned ears) th very distant drone of a squadron of planes. He runs towar the Block house.
146) 0) text: Jim is clambering up the steps to the balcony. He has to clamber over the broken masonry which has fallen on the stairs. He gets to the top and sits in the balcony lookin at the airfield, getting himself under control. The air raid siren sounds from: Fgnnlod = f, da. Repair gangs on the runway Star ann ins fo um looks up at the sky. The gun fon} the Wantab pago: né up, firing at nothing. Jim looks round at the camp.
147) 0) text: Jim stands in the middle of the roof.
147) 16) dialog: His eyes are glazed. Another Mustang roars over-them, its underbelly pock marked from shrapnel and flak.
147) 17) dialog: (points at the planes) P-51. Aren't they beautiful, Basie. I can almost touch them. Smell them. (breathes in). Oil and cordite. Basie, who isn't at all interested in aerial warfare, tries to pull Jim down, but he slips from Basie's grip an stands all the way on the edge of the roof.
147) 19) dialog: They're so brave. CONT. The Japanese fire off another barrage of flak. hubincte AG Heroes a ~api is bd Goddamn’ Coney ress pilots. Basie takes a deep breath and makes it out to the edge of the rooftop (like a man on a tight rope).
147) 21) dialog: I'm a Hell Driver, aren't I, Basie?
147) 30) dialog: - (confessing a sin) I don't remember what my parents look like. I used to play bridge with my mother in her bedroom.
147) 32) text: At the SOUND of the shots, Basie hugs Jim. Ransome climbs onto the roof and sees them there. Basie takes Jim and pushes him gently into Ransome's arms.
148) 0) text: As usual, Jim is awake. On the otherside of the curtain w HEAR the labored breathing of the Vincents. Jim is lookin out the window.
148) 11) dialog: 
148) 15) dialog: 
150) 0) text: Jim sees this activity. He moves forward towards the guar house. When he realizes what is happening for certain, he makes a break for the men's dormitory block. He runs up t steps of the block. . .
151) 0) text: Jim arrives in the little lobby separating the British an American dormitories. He barges into the British Dormitor
152) 9) dialog: . - (excitedly) \ The guards are leaving! He turns and immediately leaves.
153) 0) text: Jim enters the dormitory, hardly noticing that the AMERIC PRISONERS are getting ready to leave. A few of them call to him.
153) 2) text: Jim enters. Basie is not there. Demarest is standing looking stunned, in tears.
153) 5) dialog: @ (disbelief and disappointment) He can't have...he promised he would...
153) 8) dialog: (collecting himself) i I suppose not. } Jim goes to the window and looks out of it, blinking back his tears. .
153) 13) dialog: He knew it was time. We'll all have to leave now, Demarest.
153) 15) dialog: (hesitantly) -Did Basie leave a message for me?
154) 0) text: Jim retraces his steps. We see Tiptree among the prisoner preparing to leave.
154) 4) dialog: (happier) Thanks, Tiptree.
155) 1) text: Shows that he is looking at Jim who smiles back at him. Nagata sees Jim's buffed golf shoes. He looks at his own ragged boots.
156) 0) text: Jim, Mr. Maxted, the Vincents, and other Prisoners are standing by the wide open gates. There isn't a guard in | sight anymore, they have all left. The prisoners are silent and uneasy with their recent freedom (if one can call it that).
156) 1) text: A fire breaks out in one of the barracks by the airfield and the red glow of the flames is, reflected on the priso the camp, and the burial mounds outside. Jim SEES somethi OS. He points his finger.
156) 4) dialog: Look! Jim and the prisoners see THREE HORSEMEN riding up to the camp. Zigzagging between the mounds, they look like the ' embodiment of the apocalypse. i
156) 10) dialog: and the prisoners staring at him.
156) 13) dialog: He stays mute.
156) 15) dialog: No sir, just Collier's, Life, Reader's Digest, and Popular Mechanics. Lt. Price tries to control himself by lighting a cigarett and sucking hungrily on it. He looks at the prisoners wit absolute disgust.
157) 1) text: Headlights show a long way down the road. Maxted and Jim notice them. The prisoners also notice them. The whole crowd of prisoners then watch apprehensively as a very efficient MILITARY CONVOY roars down the road and sweeps alongside the camp, with well-dressed and well-armed sold jumping out of the vehicles, pouring into the camp, threa ening figures with bayonets fixed. The prisoners fall bac tripping over each other and panicking. Jim and Maxted, still trying to retain possession of their cart, move bac among them. A JAPANESE SOLDIER kicks the cart aside. Jim makes a grab for the cart but Maxted pulls him away.
157) 2) dialog: Are they going to kill us?
157) 4) dialog: It's alright.. they don't need to kill us.
157) 13) dialog: We'll all be dead soon enough. “ MAXTED (rebuking him) Jim! Remember your father.
157) 14) text: A Japanese staff car drives through the camp gates, with OFFICER standing in the back, shouting through a megaphon The crowd of prisoners has quieted down. The word comes back, prisoner to prisoner, from those nearest the Japane staff car. The prisoners in front of Jim and Mr. Maxted turn around and pass the word.
158) 2) dialog: (leaving) I want to be at the front. He takes a final look at the room where he has lived for three years and then abruptly departs.
160) 0) text: ) The jeep-type vehicle halts and TWO JAPANESE SOLDIERS t an unconscious, beaten-up, prisoner onto the hospital veranda. This is Dainty. Ransome comes out of the hospita doorway. The vehicle roars away. Ransome kneels down and turns Dainty over. Jim comes running up, carrying his box which he puts on the steps.
160) 1) dialog: Dainty.
161) 0) text: Ransome and Jim half carry and half drag Dainty into the dispensary and then into the men's ward where they put hi on a cot. Dainty. . awh EM fall 008 9
161) 5) dialog: Aren't you coming with us?
161) 7) dialog: We're going to Nantao to get a boat up-coutry.
161) 18) dialog: - I'll save you some rations at Nantao, Dr. Ransome.
161) 20) dialog: I will, Dr. Ransome. Jim runs out of the hospital and Ransome Pauses to watch him go.
162) 0) text: A Zero aeroplane is warming up. The Pilot is of a Kamikaz The same pathetic little ceremony is taking place. A CORPORAL and a PRIVATE, not very interested, borrowed for the occasion from a nearby gang working on the bombed runway, are witnesses to the ritual. Jim is watching from the fence. Then we realize, and we s that Jim realizes, that the pilot is the youth whom we sa for the first time in mode haps a year and a half ago. i s. s ok-fne Emperor. g Jim suddenly shouts. The pilot turns to look at Jim. The pilot climbs up into the cockpit of the Zero. But the plane is having trouble. The engine starts and dies and starts again. The pilot shouts to the private (mechanic) who is already walking away with the corporal. The private comes back. The pilot gets out of the Zero. He starts hitting the plane with his fist.
163) 0) text: The PRISONERS are drawn up to march. They are mostly burdened with a surprising array of chattels, including tennis racquets, umbrellas, boxes, baskets, bundles. The smaller children are being carried by their parents. Maxted is at the front of the column, behind the vehicle which is going to lead the march. The soldiers of the newly arrived convoy flank the column of prisoners on either side. Jim, struggling a little with his wooden box comes hurrying along the line of the march. He Passes som of the people we know: Mr. Lockwood, Mrs. Phillips, and Mrs. Gilmour. Jim arrives, panting, at the head of the column where Maxted has kept his place.
163) 12) dialog: _ You haven't brought any luggage, Mr. Maxted.
165) 0) text: Maxted, still at enfoef feel yf Sh Qauscrry, breathing heavily, nl oO Istagge en he stops and Jim pauses with him. They begin to be overtaken by the march... Prisoners walk by with their burdens. Maxted watches them go by, festooned with objects from th pre-war world, the tennis rackets, the parasols, the golf bags, the bundles of hoarded clothes and shoes. Mr. Maxte shakes his head in disbelief.
165) 2) dialog: We ought to keep going, Mr. Maxted.
165) 4) dialog: I can smell the docks. We'll be at Nantao by dark. .
165) 13) dialog: - I'll save your place. They are well back in the march now, and Jim struggles to overtake the people in front. He finds himself alongside Mr. and Mrs. Vincent. Mr. Vincent seems to be in pain. Mrs. Vincent carries their suitcase, her eyes fixed ahead
165) 14) dialog: Mrs. Vincent...
166) 4) dialog: Good news Mrs. Vincent. He went to the head of the line to look for you.
166) 13) dialog: He marches along like an automaton reciting Latin nouns a if to absolve himself.
166) 14) dialog: Domum, domi, domo.
168) 2) dialog: He is lying on his back on the grass of the stadium.
168) 10) dialog: (looking around at the activity of the Japanese) We're going on again.
168) 15) dialog: Where are they taking us?
168) 18) dialog: Why? What is this "upcountry"? Maxted avoids the question.
168) 19) dialog: Will there be food there?
168) 25) dialog: I'll get Mrs. Vincent. Maxted allows himself to be herded along into the line of march. Jim returns the few yards to where he was lying near his box. He picks up the box and comes over to Mrs. Vincent. She is still sitting as we last saw her. We have t Our ratio; (h °
168) 26) text: We're going upcountry. Mrs. Vincent ignores him. Jim touches her shoulder. She ignores that, too.
168) 27) dialog: Mrs. Vincent... Mrs. Vincent looks at him. She shakes her head dumbly. Ji is uncertain what to do. He looks across towards the line of march which is just about ready to leave.
168) 38) dialog: Mrs. Vincent, are you looking for God?
168) 40) dialog: 
168) 43) dialog: Above the 3lst Parallel? Mrs. Vincent, wouldn't God be above the magnetic pole? You ought to look at the ground under Shanghai. The thought makes Jim laugh.
168) 44) dialog: Perhaps we've all died and this is just our souls. Yes, we'll stay here. Our souls can do the marching. Mrs. Vincent doesn't move. Jim doesn't move either. He closes his eyes.
168) 45) dialog: I've been thinking about being an atheist. Perhaps I was just ‘bored by the choir.
168) 56) dialog: _ Yes, Mrs. Vincent. It's me. Jamie. Mrs. Vincent starts to shiver, quite noticeably, almost violently. Jim opens his box and takes out his blazer and spreads it over Mrs. Vincent's shoulders and chest. He lies down next to her, embracing her, and repeats his nam which amuses him and he starts to chuckle.
168) 57) dialog: Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
169) 0) text: Jim and Mrs. Vincent are much as we saw them. Jim's eyes are closed and he now opens them. He moves his head slightly and SEES: the stadium horizon against the evenin sky. Suddenly the sky seems to whiten a little bit. Jim's eyes blink, he frowns.
169) 4) dialog: (frightened) Mrs. Vincent? The white glare fades rapidly. He looks down and sees Mrs Vincent's face. . It's so cold in the stadium that Mrs. Vincent breath is vaporized. Small white puffs of breath escape from her mouth and then stop.
170) 0) text: Jim lies asleep. His head resting on the blazer which is still covering Mrs. Vincent. An airplane is HEARD flying low and noisily over the stadium. Jim wakes abruptly and sits up automatically searching for the plane, automatically identifying it.
170) 12) dialog: - Hayate. Then he realizes where he is. He SEES Mrs. Vincent, dead. The blazer has slipped during the night. Jim carefully adjusts it. Then, looking around, he sees that his golf shoes are no longer on his feet. Jim gets up and looks around and sees a MAN, a civilian but a healthy one, dressed in good slacks and a clean white shirt. He is moving among the corpses, removing small articles. He hol Jim's shoes in his hands. Jim walks over to him. Jim Points to the shoes.
170) 13) text: Those are mine. Dr. Ransome gave them to me. The man looks at Jim. He is bigger than Jim and furthermo he has a pistol stuck into his waistband. But Jim's stare is unflinching, he is beyond fear and the man succumbs to him. ( ov} of) 8 g That's o| I twast&ebOi' those shoes in case you turned up. Tell your ma and pa. Looks like you could use a couple of bags of rice. Ask around, kid - any wedding rings, charms, watches, we can work it together.
170) 14) dialog: Is the war over?
170) 16) dialog: It's never over.
170) 18) dialog: I saw it.
170) 31) dialog: A white light?
170) 33) dialog: I thought it was Mrs. Vincent's soul going up to heaven.
171) 0) text: Jim walks alone oucfoel WA (cafe : &Q. PRISONERS have also wandered i Qathe a a e@ looking around in a dazed way. There's a long straight road ahead of him. Jim starts to walk. Nearby a field of grass is burning.
172) 0) text: Jim is still walking. There is aircraft NOISE overhead. Jim looks up and SEES: A four-engined Superfortress. 246 The doors of the bomb bays open, revealing the silver cylinders ready to fall from their racks. The Superfortre drums past. The sky is filled with colored parachutes. Dozens of canopies float gaily on the air, as if enjoying the August sun. The parachutes sail past, falling toward Nantao Camp. 247 A silver canister drag its collapsed parachute and plumment to the ground, striking a canal embankment two hundred yards away. The canister bursts on impact. Jim lowers himself down the slope of sunbaked earth and squats by the open mouth of the cylinder. Around him, on the floor of the culvert, is a ransom of canned food and cigarette packets. The canister has been crammed with cardboard cartons, and one
172) 4) text: 247 CONTINUED: 148 i has broken loose from the nose cone and scattered its contents over the ground. Jim crawls among the cans, wipi his eyes so that he can read the labels. There are tins o Spam, Klim and Nescafe, bars of chocolate and cellophaned packs of Lucky Strike and Chesterfield cigarettes, bundle of Reader's Digest and Life magazines, Time and Saturday Evening Post. The sight of so much food confuses Jim, forcing on hima _ notion of choice that he has not known for years. The c and packets are frozen, as if they have just emerged from American refrigerator. OS he HEARS a car. i
172) 6) text: The European punches Jim_in the face to get him away from the canister. The other man raises his stave for the coup de grace. Jim raises his hand. i
172) 7) dialog: (recites) I am a British prisoner. I am going to Nantao camp. I am a British prisoner. The man with the stave is perplexed enough to allow Jim t live for a few more seconds. Jim addresses the European i the flying jacket who is rooting through the contents of canister.
172) 9) dialog: (points at stadium) Lincoln Zephyrs, Buicks, white
172) 11) text: What's this talk about white Cadillacs? Jim SEES Basie sauntering towards him from the car.
172) 18) dialog: (wiping blood from his nose) Basie, it's me, Jim...Shanghai Jim. The cabin steward's wary eyes, with their sharp but modes focus, scan the contents of the canister. The man with th stave waits for a signal, with his stave raised. Jim, in desperation, gathers the scattered magazines and holds them up like they were icons that could protect him
172) 19) dialog: Life Magazine; Reader's Digest. I've kept the latest copies for you. I've learned hundreds of new words. Ardennes, Mauthausen, Theresian stadt, Iwo Jima...
173) 1) text: Jim squirms between Basie and the bearded European (a Frenchman) in the backseat. OTHER MEN occupy the front seat. They are drinking rice wine and pass the bottle to the backseat. The contents of the canister are scattered all over the car; K-rations, cans of Spam, cartons of Chesterfields - a black marketeers dream.
173) 2) dialog: (while eyeing a can of Spam) Are these the Hell Drivers, Basie?
173) 17) dialog: (trying to chew before he swallows) Yes, Basie, they die. The Frenchman takes another gulp of rice wine and fires h pistol out the window at a seagull that skims the lake. Basie puts his arm around Jim in a protective reflex. Jim glances at the Frenchman, and Basie feeds him more Sp
173) 18) dialog: Basie, has the next war effectively begun? that's EMEF-66 & 9 There are still a lot of words I haven't learned. I'd like to go back to Shanghai. I might see my mother and father today.
173) 20) dialog: Will Uncle Sam be there, Basie; every gob and GI Joe?
173) 23) text: Jim passes the bottle to Basie.
173) 33) dialog: Are we going back to the camp?
173) 35) dialog: Basie, did you see the atom bomb go off? I saw the flash over Nagasaki from Nantao Stadium. Jim's nose is beginning to bleed again. Basie dips a rag in rice wine and cleans the blood and the pulpy Spam from his face. « aw EMER 0089
173) 36) dialog: (over amped) For a whole minute, Basie, a white light stronger than the sun covered Shanghai. I suppose God wanted to see everything. The Frenchman turns to Basie.
174) 0) text: The bandit Buick tears along the edge of the airfield whe the driver suddenly slams on the brakes. The rear passenger door opens and Jim tumbles onto the tarmac.
174) 8) dialog: He eats the Hershey bar like somebody is going to take it away from him, and licks the foil until his mouth and chi are covered with chocolate. He SEES a stranded Zero near the edge of the airfield. He walks over to the Zero and climbs into the cockpit.
175) 0) text: Inside the cockpit, he examines the instrument panel. Glued to the panel is a boy's glider that now serves as a mascot. Jim tugs at the glider and it comes off.
175) 2) dialog: He ducks down until he SEES that it's the young Japanese boy.
176) 0) text: No longer fearful, Jim climbs down from the cockpit and moves towards the pilot with the glider in his hand. The pilot gasps and whimpers and, when he looks at Jim, Jim raises the glider to remind the pilot of the bond they on had.
177) 0) text: Jim comes closer, like he is trying to make friends with wild animal. . The pilot turns away PME Ji him. The pilot stops and t a dia 1} wr' ny from his flying suit and gives it to Jim. (OS we HEAR the Buick) When Jim tries to follow the pilot again, the pilot, with final gasp of self-loathing, pushes Jim away. Three quick pistol SHOTS ring out, and the pilot falls over.
177) 2) dialog: (in anger and anguish) Basie! Jim runs toward the fallen pilot. Basie catches up with him and watches how Jim crouches next to the pilot.
177) 3) dialog: (screams) He gave me a mango.
177) 5) dialog: (with a tear streaked face) He was my friend. Basie sways a little, and looks over at the car. Somebody is trying to start the engine.
177) 20) dialog: (concentrating on the pilot) You go. The pilot coughs up some blood. Basie looks at the Buick. He SEES the Frenchman working under the hood while the driver keeps trying to start the engine.
177) 23) dialog: You've never looked after me. I looked after you.
177) 39) dialog: (cold as ice) My father would never let you swim in our pool. Basie stops breathing for a moment, for he knows what Jim just said is true. He spins around and runs towards the car. He looks over his shoulder just before he jumps in. seste's nov ~ son WH 008 g 257A pounding on the chest of the Japanese pilot, in between the high nettles, on the edge of the runway they built.
177) 43) dialog: Jim salutes the disappearing car. INT. MOVING ‘BUICK - DAY 258 Basie turns back from the window and slowly drops his salute, a single tear rolls down his cheek. The Frenchman stares curiously at him and offers him the bottle. Basie takes the bottle and wipes the tears away.
177) 57) dialog: He holds his salute until the car is out of sight, then h takes deep breath and launches the glider towards Nantao camp.
177) 62) dialog: He watches the glider.
178) 2) text: We see Jim way down below, on his bicycle, in the middle the parade ground of the deserted camp. He waves. A giant shadow passes over him and the ROAR of the engine rattles the barracks. Jim gets back onto the rusty bike, thé wheels squeak and he is breathing hard. He essentially retraces his steps from the first day in the camp.
179) 0) text: We are there before Jim, but we HEAR him coming. He is HUMMING a hymn, and the rubber wheels make the floor boar creak. Jim enters on his bike.
180) 0) text: Jim rides past the broken windows of the hospital. JIM'S POV - THE coTS . and the infirmary flashing by. i Jim veers away towards the British & American dormitories The door is open so he doesn't need to get off his bike.
180) 2) text: There is nothing left of Basie's great hoard but a broken tennis racket. Jim stands there for awhile as he looks at his childhood before riding away.
181) 0) text: Jim shoots out of the men's dormitories back onto the par ground, where the wind kicks up a fine dust. He throws hi bike into a skid.
181) 6) text: Their leader approaches Jim.
181) 7) dialog: I surrender.
181) 9) dialog: (relieved) Yang! Jim hugs Yang and sobs with relief against his chest.
182) 2) text: ANGLE ON JIM i He stands between dozens of other "Jims".
183) 5) text: Jim sits in between his parents in the backseat of the ca which is-driven by a new CHAUFFEUR. The car is moving among other cars, including military vehicles. Horns are blaring and there is a lot of bustle and noise.
183) 6) dialog: Sitting between his parents, he suddenly seems 3 much old his eyes haunted like Lt. Price.
183) 20) text: Jim sags in the backseat and closes his eyes. JIM ‘ (no loner a string of words) If I should die, think only this of me. That there is some corner of a foreign field, that is forever England.