76) 0) text: There is an insistent tinny banging NOISE, an amplified version of a sound we have heard before. This time it is the Europeans. They have been turned into beggars. They bang their mess tins against the ground, against benches, against the walls. The general view of the detention center shows the prison standing, lying or sitting, all of them still, apart from banging their tins, all of them staring silently in much same direction... which we see is the door of the guard h Sergeant Uchida comes out of the guard house with a small sack which he tosses in a general direction of the cookin where TWO CHINESE WOMEN, one of them being MRS. LEE by na have also been waiting. With the appearance of the sack o potatoes, only large enough to hold one potato for each prisoner, the prisoners cease rattling their tins. This h been CROSS-CUT with... INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY lll In the "interior", und "seats, SH 5 if ng on his mat and looking some ndbageeeetna ep) e mobile, is listening to the TTL ENG...of the + “Basie LOOKS at Jim asleep on his mat some little distance away from Basie's mat and Mrs. Partridge, who is lying on the mat next to him and who, we can now SEE, is dead. Basie also SEES Mr. Vincent pacing up and down, and Mrs. Vincent sitting quietly on her sleeping mat with a dainty pack of cards, playing Patience. She is calm and absorbed and comparatively well-groomed, pondering the cards as though she might be passing the time in the corner of a club lounge. Inside, the SILENCE of the mess tins registers with Basie, who now rouses himself and calls to Jim.
84) 7) dialog: I'm all right. For a brief moment Jim and Mrs. Vincent are collaborators The Prisoners lie in the shade of the lorry, thirsty. One of the UN-NAMED OLD WOMEN is close to death. Jim is drawing diagrams in the dust with a stick. A canteen of water is being passed among the Japanese Working Party who are sharing a meal with the driver and guard on the railway platform. The Prisoners watch the water intently, the spilled drops and the dribbles catchi the sunlight.
100) 0) text: Jim runs up to join a gaunt Mr. Maxted who is standing wi his cart, dressed in a pair of shorts, about to be served from the kitchen hatch. Other carts are returning laden t different dormitory blocks, while a few more wait their turn. Jim runs up, breathlessly, just in time to help Maxted receive a bucket of boiled potatoes and some mush, grains of wheat. Mr. Maxted is either too kind or too oblivious to notice Jim's hair.
120) 0) text: In his absence, the Vincents have colonized Jim's part of the room. There are still three cots, but things have bee rearranged with some of the Vincent's possessions placed on Jim's cot, and his photographs have been taken down fr the wall. Mr. Vincent is lying on his cot, and Mrs. Vincent is sitting on hers. As Jim hesitates in the doorway, she and Jim look at each other. She makes neither objection nor welcome. Then, Mr. Vincent sits up and sees Jim.
120) 1) dialog: Oh no, you can't. And he gets up to bar Jim's entry. Mrs. Vincent gently pushes her husband back on the bed. She walks to Jim's co and takes their possessions and places them on her cot. She looks at Jim, and then takes his photographs and star putting them back on the wall.
123) 0) text: Mr. Maxted is scrubbing out a.huge pot. It's hard work an his face is drawn and grim. OS he HEARS Jims' solo. Mr. Maxted smiles and stops scrubbing the pot.
143) 17) dialog: is about to lose his place in the queue.
143) 19) text: Jim runs over to help Mr. Maxted, for there is a riot goi on outside the serving hatch. The other carts, with their @ attendants, are jostling for position, and there is a l shouting. Jim and Maxted are fighting for their place. Blows are exchanged and then a couple of guards wade into the scrum, hitting the prisoners with bamboo staves.
144) 0) text: Jim enters the room, looking as though he has been in a fight, which of course, he has. Mrs. Vincent stands at th window with her back to him and she doesn't turn. Jim hesitates, glancing at her, and then goes into his cubicl drawing aside his curtain and letting it fall back into Place. | Jim sits on his bed. From inside his shirt, he takes his remaining potato. As he is about to take a small bite out of the potato, he HEARS Mr. Vincent come in. Jim pauses.
144) 2) text: Mr. Vincent has just entered. He is holding his mess tin. He looks broken. Mrs. Vincent turns to him.
144) 3) dialog: The rations have been...like animals. Sorry. some pete % Mr. Vincent suddenly ¢. 2tg'jama jing t| imst the | bed rail. Jim's curegin [3 jeu as b) m,gwho stands | there with the potato i ‘Wana, hel@ oft. i
156) 0) text: Jim, Mr. Maxted, the Vincents, and other Prisoners are standing by the wide open gates. There isn't a guard in | sight anymore, they have all left. The prisoners are silent and uneasy with their recent freedom (if one can call it that).
157) 14) text: A Japanese staff car drives through the camp gates, with OFFICER standing in the back, shouting through a megaphon The crowd of prisoners has quieted down. The word comes back, prisoner to prisoner, from those nearest the Japane staff car. The prisoners in front of Jim and Mr. Maxted turn around and pass the word.