76) 0) text: There is an insistent tinny banging NOISE, an amplified version of a sound we have heard before. This time it is the Europeans. They have been turned into beggars. They bang their mess tins against the ground, against benches, against the walls. The general view of the detention center shows the prison standing, lying or sitting, all of them still, apart from banging their tins, all of them staring silently in much same direction... which we see is the door of the guard h Sergeant Uchida comes out of the guard house with a small sack which he tosses in a general direction of the cookin where TWO CHINESE WOMEN, one of them being MRS. LEE by na have also been waiting. With the appearance of the sack o potatoes, only large enough to hold one potato for each prisoner, the prisoners cease rattling their tins. This h been CROSS-CUT with... INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY lll In the "interior", und "seats, SH 5 if ng on his mat and looking some ndbageeeetna ep) e mobile, is listening to the TTL ENG...of the + “Basie LOOKS at Jim asleep on his mat some little distance away from Basie's mat and Mrs. Partridge, who is lying on the mat next to him and who, we can now SEE, is dead. Basie also SEES Mr. Vincent pacing up and down, and Mrs. Vincent sitting quietly on her sleeping mat with a dainty pack of cards, playing Patience. She is calm and absorbed and comparatively well-groomed, pondering the cards as though she might be passing the time in the corner of a club lounge. Inside, the SILENCE of the mess tins registers with Basie, who now rouses himself and calls to Jim.
76) 39) text: It is clear from Mr. Partridge's change of expression tha that is not what he meant. Mr. Partridge picks up his mes tin and leaves. Basie approaches Mrs. Vincent who does no look up.
76) 46) dialog: Go away.
81) 0) text: The last stage of the line-up. The ritual which we have seen before. Soldiers and orderlies masked, are bringing in stretchers and walking wounded prisoners. The gates ar open and the lorry is outside. But the CUT is to Sergeant Uchida, passing along the line of prisoners. Mr. Partridg and others are rejected. Among those who are motioned to get into the lorry are Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, the Pyms, tw elderly couples, Mrs. Hug and her father, and then Paul a David. Each prisoner hands in a mess tin as before. Basie is next, and next to him is Jim. Sergeant Uchida gives th nod to Basie who follows Paul and David without a backwar glance. JIM'S POV - THE PRISONER Me I 00 : i climbing up into the lorbys jchben wo OF réé people who came with the lorry and remained on it. SERGEANT UCHIDA stops in front of Jim, who does his best look bright and healthy, somewhat against the odds. He seems about to let Jim leave when he glances, instead, ov his shoulder at the lorry, evidently to see if there is room for one more. Basie is just wedging himself into the remaining space on the bench, next to Paul and David. The JAPANESE SOLDIER who is going to stand guard in the back the lorry, puts the tailboard up and starts to haul himse up over it. Uchida pushes Jim back by the shoulder. Jim staggers and falls and picks himself up and shouts desper at Basie.
84) 17) text: Ransome takes the bottle, and Jim goes back to his place, sitting on the ground, leaning against one of the wheels the lorry. Ransome tips a little water into the mouth of the SICKEST WOMAN and then into the mouths of two or thre Elderly Prisoners who can't move. Basie reaches out for the bottle but Ransome tips it to his own mouth first taking a couple of gulps; it seems he might take a third gulp, but finds Jim looking at him expressionlessly, and checks himself. Ransome passes the bottle on. Jim looks away again. When the bottle reaches Mrs. Vincent she firs of all gives a drink to her husband.
101) 7) dialog: although there is nothing more Provocative revealed of it than the V at the neck of her shirt, which she instinc tively and unnecessarily closes as she becomes suddenly aware of Jim's gaze.
101) 8) text: Mrs. Vincent pulls the curtain open and watches Jim, but doesn't see him or notice his haircut. She looks tired and frayed, but still attractive.
101) 9) dialog: Have you seen my needle, Jim? — 3 gums gt ‘ phe 0089 No, I have} irs. Vincent: ¥ May I borr Li ir“mirrér? & Ww Mrs. Vincent hands him her purse. Jim opens the flap and looks in the mirror at his new haircut. Only then does Mrs. Vincent react.
101) 11) dialog: (horrified) Jim, what did you do to your hair?
101) 14) dialog: No, Jim, you're British.
101) 17) dialog: You shouldn't work for Basie. The things that go on in that American dormitory.
101) 29) dialog: Perhaps it's time you moved into the men's dormitory. You're not eleven anymore.
101) 33) dialog: You told everybody.
101) 41) dialog: Must you, Jim.
101) 43) dialog: The Japs?
101) 45) dialog: Do you think you'll miss this camp when the war is over?
101) 47) dialog: (with heartfelt sigh) Because they wanted to punish the grown-ups. I wonder how you'll take to school in England when the war is over.
101) 57) dialog: Could we finish our meal? We've heard your views on the university of life.
101) 59) dialog: (wearily) I know, Jim. Dr. Ransome told you so.
101) 61) dialog: Dr. Ransome is Int 3 we should.eat i all the weevils ME A ( ( } O |
101) 62) text: Nevertheless, Mrs. Vincent continues to s arati thém. E
101) 64) dialog: (pausing in despair) Strange child. ‘
102) 15) dialog: the sheet hugs the contours of her body, one leg is bare.
102) 31) dialog: The red glow of the distant fire casts Mrs. Vincent ina faintly light. Her hair seems more full and blond, the sheet around her more white. Her breasts rise and fall wi the rhythm of her slightly uneven breathing, and her lips are parted.
102) 35) dialog: 
102) 40) dialog: 
102) 41) text: A hand caresses Mrs. Vincents's stomach and she responds. OS the sky is as bright as lightning and the SOUND of the explosion rolls over the camp. He is in a trance.
102) 42) dialog: The hand caressing her belly belongs to Mr. Vincent and h looks at Jim through the gap, with all of the possessive anger of a man who has just discovered a competitor.
120) 0) text: In his absence, the Vincents have colonized Jim's part of the room. There are still three cots, but things have bee rearranged with some of the Vincent's possessions placed on Jim's cot, and his photographs have been taken down fr the wall. Mr. Vincent is lying on his cot, and Mrs. Vincent is sitting on hers. As Jim hesitates in the doorway, she and Jim look at each other. She makes neither objection nor welcome. Then, Mr. Vincent sits up and sees Jim.
122) 0) text: Dr. Ransome is examining Mrs. Vincent behind a screen in the infirmary. OS they HEAR Jim's voice. nd rush to the window They see Jim standing EM; onkel in) SLES en Oh ace, 175A while singing.
142) 0) text: Jim sits on his cot. He studies the Life magazine with th same intensity as his Latin Primer. ° Mrs. Vincent stands by the door; she is speaking to Demarest who stands on the other side of the partially drawn curtain, and is out of view
142) 1) dialog: No, Jim doesn't want to see you. OS we HEAR Demarest's unintelligible mumble.
142) 2) dialog: Well then, why doesn't Mr. Basie come over himself? Again we HEAR Demarest's unintelligible reply and his hea footsteps walk away. Mrs. Vincent draws the curtain with the same force as if she was closing a kitchen door. She has a new Collier's in her hand (that Demarest gave h for Jim from Basie). She sits on her cot opposite Jim. MRS. VINCENT'S Pov - QR g with his eyes tightly sHut CH. é@unew’ words he has just, learned from the"Tife magazine. 7 7
143) 22) dialog: e lapping around the edges of the mob. He knows they aren strong enough to fight with the others.
144) 0) text: Jim enters the room, looking as though he has been in a fight, which of course, he has. Mrs. Vincent stands at th window with her back to him and she doesn't turn. Jim hesitates, glancing at her, and then goes into his cubicl drawing aside his curtain and letting it fall back into Place. | Jim sits on his bed. From inside his shirt, he takes his remaining potato. As he is about to take a small bite out of the potato, he HEARS Mr. Vincent come in. Jim pauses.
144) 2) text: Mr. Vincent has just entered. He is holding his mess tin. He looks broken. Mrs. Vincent turns to him.
144) 10) dialog: You got it for yourself.
144) 15) dialog: That's stealing.
144) 17) dialog: Well, at least I'll have you there.
144) 19) dialog: Do you believe in hell, Jim?
144) 21) dialog: No, I believe in vitamins. Mrs. Vincent takes the potato out of his hand, breaks it half and gives half ba ium 4 She sits~down nm her bed | and takes a small bite of F e B aed. Jim : does the same. They si Oki + ean! ther} nibbling a their potato. It only takes ew moments for them to eat what they have. Jim is left with a large crumb of potato his lip.
144) 26) dialog: (noticing it) You've got a...
144) 27) text: She reaches out a hand towards Jim's face, and with her index finger pushes the crumb of potato into Jim's mouth. Mrs. Vincent leaves her fingers in his mouth for a half a second longer than necessary, holding his look, not provocatively, but tenderly.
158) 1) dialog: Not before time. Jim gets busy, and there is little enough to put in his wooden box. He takes his best airplane picture off the wall and, after a moment's hesitation, the photograph of the unknown couple. As a final gesture he impulsively tears down the partitio which has been re-erected.
165) 15) dialog: Not now, Jim.
166) 3) dialog: Geoffrey...Geoffrey...Jim. Have you seen Mr. Vincent? Jim looks up. There is something Basiesque about the expression on his face and the inflection in his voice.
168) 26) text: We're going upcountry. Mrs. Vincent ignores him. Jim touches her shoulder. She ignores that, too.
168) 31) dialog: Don't go. Better here.
168) 39) dialog: (not really hearing him) Yes, Jim. Jim lies down next to her and looks up in the same direction.
168) 42) dialog: (automatically) Yes, Jim.
168) 46) dialog: Jamie.
169) 0) text: Jim and Mrs. Vincent are much as we saw them. Jim's eyes are closed and he now opens them. He moves his head slightly and SEES: the stadium horizon against the evenin sky. Suddenly the sky seems to whiten a little bit. Jim's eyes blink, he frowns.
170) 0) text: Jim lies asleep. His head resting on the blazer which is still covering Mrs. Vincent. An airplane is HEARD flying low and noisily over the stadium. Jim wakes abruptly and sits up automatically searching for the plane, automatically identifying it.