5) 4) dialog: Where have you been? (blinks) ta... in Vina. ¥ d 3 & ow said you were go ust for the day. ins
5) 6) dialog: Way didn't you call?
5) 11) dialog: I thought something tersible had happened.
5) 13) dialog: T was so worried about you... Charlie pulls her to him.
5) 15) dialog: Oh, Terry... Bech pulls her close and they all embrace -- dancing around in a circle.
5) 16) dialog: Oh, man... I'm so glad you guys are okay! They stop. She pulls back again... but this cime the anger is mock, BETH . You rata! Living it up at the seaside -- and I'a locked up aere with a duck! All three laugh.
6) 0) text: The cluttered, cheerfully scruffy little place is bad- ly in need of paint and repair. Rnick-kaacks, posters, and other stuff speak of disorganized yet sincere com- mitment, and youthful energy. No partition divides kitchen area from living reoen, where a large plywood desk is covered with stacked papers, and a wide bookcase overZlows with paperbacks, Rewspapers, pamphlets. Wall posters range from Che Guevara and Unidad Popular, to the Beatles, and slogans such as "Eat Oysters, Love Longer." 9. Terry has her suitcase open on the bed and is packing her things. Beth helps her, :
6) 1) dialog: The first I heard of the coup was on the radio. Right after re were bombings and explosions thac went on for hours. In the kitchen, Charlie checks the RADIO for « news station. There is noching but MILITARY MUSIC. He turns it OFF. Beth had told him there was a day-and-night curfew uneil just yesterday. Charlie lights gas under a pot of water, and chen pre- pares to make breakfast under the critical eye of the duck perched on a counter.
6) 8) dialog: It's been like that day and night, especially at night. She holds him tighter still.
6) 9) dialog: Ll was very scared. (whispers into his ear) And I wanted you -- terribly. Charlies blinks at her, not quite with che moment. Terry comes close to them.
6) 11) dialog: Ryan who?
6) 13) dialog: The woman next door said they're busting hundreds of people every day The TEAPOT WHISTLES. Charlie goes back to the kitchen. Ra b d teen a body? ve ear om anybody? What about Frank?
6) 14) dialog: Nobody. I told you, I was afraid to go out.
6) 16) dialog: Let me. You take Terry to che aizport. T want co gat our of ere. Another BURST OF GUNFIRE brings then all up short. They wait in flinched attitudes for Something more horrible. Ac length, 3ech speaks with deep, fright- ened determination.
6) 17) dialog: Charlie, I want to go home. He neds -- all right. Then picks up his coffee cup and clacks it againsc the cup she holds in her hand.
6) 19) dialog: To lifa. They embrace with full, urgent, relieved affection. Eyes closed, lips against his throat, she whispers gratefully:
6) 20) dialog: T love you, Charlie Horman.
6) 24) dialog: Not too mich Later! . Charlie turns serious again,
6) 28) dialog: You write better than you talk, Horman, but I'm fond of your voice.
6) 30) dialog: No, I'll be all right. I-pramise. Charlie is torn... and then grudgingly scarts up again. A jeep inches by the bus stop, as though passing the would-be travelers in review. As they resch the stop, a collective taxi arrives and che driver calls out his planned destinations. BETH . ‘Avenue Picard,' I think I'1L grab ic.
6) 32) dialog: i'm okay. ['Ll be back by four. Leaning forward, she whispers something into his ear. He kisses his index fingertip, poines ir at her nese, and fires che love gum. Beth hugs Terry.
6) 33) dialog: Call our folks che minute you atrive. Tell them we'll be hone in a few days.
12) 20) dialog: Come om, Maria. You got to have faith. He'll be okay,
12) 25) text: The other is thin, blond, amiable. Emerging from the “house, Beth crosses to then.
12) 27) dialog: Pia's trying to calm her dow, What happened to Enrique, Frank?
12) 30) dialog: David, what about Silvie?
12) 38) dialog: (checking her watch) I'm sorry, but fe's late, 1 better splic. DAVID db You sure you want to and beat the curgen? =y
12) 39) dialog: Ihave to. Charlie’s waiting. e@ you'll call when we all get back to the stares? David gives her back a big squeeze.
12) 41) dialog: I'm sorry, Frank. I wish -- (sad , ) sad, poignant In a week we’ tl all be playing chess in Washington Square.
13) 0) text: Beth tries in vain to hail a taxi. Cab after cab goes by -- some empty, some full -- but none willing to stop. One finally brakes, however. (quardediy) edly’ . Pa'onde va usted? ©
13) 1) dialog: Vicuna MeXenna. - No deal. The taxi SCREECHES away. Beth checks her watch, then glances across the street at a bus scop, where anxious people are milling. She considers the time again. Her from deepens as she crosses over and joins che crowd. 21 22
14) 2) dialog: (Spanish) The curfew... I... please... Terror has damaged her Spanish, exaggerating the ac- sent. The very tall Man wfolds bit-by-bic through the doorway and stares at her. 23 24 25 26 25.
15) 0) text: Headlights, sweeping across a ring of shadow cast by a army truck, illuminace two sprauled corpses. Beth tums in the oppesita direction. Rouding 2 corner, she draws up short, utterly amazed. A white horse is galloping Che squard, chased by a jeep full of soldtars G tracer bullets amd shouting happily at the animal's panic. . Bech ducks behind an outdoor staizcase as che jeep jounces by. Then shewiles exhaustadly onto che pave- ment and closes her eyes, huddling ep into herself, knees cupping her chin -- shocked, fearful, cold. EXT. BOULEVARD - LATER THAT NIGHT ‘ 25 Beth is jolred awake by sporadic GISFIRE -- some of it near, some distance. Sictin up, she squints into the clear nighc, straining to Listen -- and catches stray words from a family conversation, snatches of MUSIC. She is heartened briefly. Far across che square, bonfire smoke and flames rail into che mid- night sky. Beth focuses on the soldiers feeding the flames. And abrupely realizes they are burning books . She is appalled... chen tightly squeezes shut er eyes.
16) 0) text: Dawn flickers into the unnaturally stilled city whose streets are traversed only by packs of aimless, starv- ing dogs. With a sad curiosicy, a haizy mongrel sniffs at Bech. She awakens, startlad, and the dog exces off. A distant CLOCK STRIKES 6 a.m. Om the sixth stroke, as though couched by a magic wand, the streets come alive. “Beth staggers acti. fly ereet and linos across the square. 27 28 26.
17) 0) text: 4 taxi discharges Beth. As she unlocks the front gate, some’ catches her eye. Scooping, she picks up two sheets of paper covered with Charlie's careful Spencerian script. Then she finds a book... Eyes narrow- ing, she hurries toward the house. The front door is ajax. Beth pushes it open and stops.
17) 3) dialog: Where's my husband?
17) 5) dialog: Charlie...? On her way she plucks up a Polaroid suapshoc of Charlie ‘balanced comically on ome foot cn a sea wall in fronc of a beach. Looking up, she searches the room for traces of his real sel‘, Finally, in the bathroom, Bech settles gingerly onco che edge of che toilac and calis back Chrowgh the ramshackle dwelling in a passionata, terrified, wey fragile whisper: 27.
20) 0) text: ELIZABETH HORMAN, a vital fiftyish womm, pours her husband coffee. Their apartment is middle-class, wu- Pretentious, safa. Horman inspects an open file folder of newspaper articles. :
25) 1) dialog: Bow was the crip?
25) 6) dialog: --. It's not my faule, Ed.
25) 8) dialog: Did you find out anything more in Washington?
25) 12) dialog: Ed, he's been missing for cwo weeks, now, And all they've done is sit down thera on their fat bureaueratic asses and --
25) 17) dialog: Net any more -- Be takes a gift-wrapped box in the briefmse.
25) 21) dialog: Ac Braniff, picking up her cticmt.
25) 23) dialog: Tomorrow.
25) 25) dialog: She's fine, Ed. And so am L. Gone. Horman blinks wncomfortably. Going to a window, he gazes down, disturbed by their reuicon 38. Sell at the window, he hears 2 soft ZAP on the open door. Bech is standing there, dressed in a suit, hair combed, looking fresher, but still cambegone. dAwkwardly attempting to lighten the mod, she gives a funny lictle two step, and jokingly amounces herself:
25) 26) dialog: Ta-daa. But he doesn't bite.
25) 32) dialog: (very sarcastic) ++. He was building bombs to him up the Junta. . Horman collects his briefcase and surges mt the door.
25) 33) dialog: Ed, whether you know it or nor,he’s @ very talented writer!
26) 0) text: Purdy's Buick pulls up before an enormam mansion, surrounded by a park-sized garden. The Qnsul, docman and Beth Leave the car and ascend che sams.
27) 19) dialog: We've been through this a hindm times. (to Davis) You knew damn well he's not hiding. Our whole neighborheed saw a gam squad pick him up.
27) 23) dialog: Tkat's dumb. If he was hiding, he'd contact me to say he was okay.
27) 25) dialog: (Low) No shit, Dick Tracy. Horman nails her with an angry frown. ‘Thm, after 2 moment of thought, he starts to speak -- Sut stops.
27) 35) dialog: I'll bet they ara.
27) 43) dialog: Trac's a lie. I saw the notes on both calls the day Shaffer showed me your file cards. Purdy backtracks hastily, transparently.
27) 48) dialog: Maybe Charlie doesn'c have thar much time.
28) 0) text: Horman, Beth, and Purdy come down the walk coward the driveway. In the b.g. Purdy’s chauffeured Buick is parked near the front gate.
28) 7) dialog: (snorts) Jesus Christ...
28) 14) dialog: (flatly) Because, Ed, I'm sick and cized of being fucked over by these pacple. The Driver opens the door and Beth gets in. ornan stands there, while her line sinks in.
30) 3) dialog: And that's when you met Creter?
32) 3) dialog: Didn't you hear what she just said? All those American officers in Vina were obviously involved in the coup.
32) 5) dialog: Wait e minute. Why won't you believe me when I say something?
32) 7) dialog: ‘ - Well, you're his dam father, and that seems to twist all your perceptions, too! i : TERRY Wait a minute, whoa, you guys!
32) 8) dialog: Well dammit, Ed, you juste don'c ve Charlie or me enough credit or intelligent, caring sensibilities! Head bowed, rubbing his ayes, Horman says nothing. They're all pooped, nobody wants to argue. Eventually, then, Ed gets chem back on the track.
32) 12) dialog: Deo you believe that guy?
32) 14) dialog: My gosh -- You aust be claisvoyane! Horman studies the two women, ,
32) 19) dialog: Ie grew late, and Mr. Honorable himself, with our welfare uppermost in his Boy Scout brain, suggested we stay the night, because of the curfew. That made sense, so we did. Her gialogse is drowned by a military helicopter THUNDERING IN over che roof terrace. The chopper's 49 searchlight blasts the scene with a blinding glow as it banks sharply to hover above a neighboring building. The deor gummer trips his guns and a HAIL OF TRACERS vains onto the roof of that building. Rata Reese who's seated at a naarby cable wich two other journalists. At the GUNFIRE, her companions rush to the railing. Bur Kate stays puc, eyes fixed on Horman.
33) 0) text: Beth luxuriares gratefully in a marble tub, eyes shut, paying to velax. Ac a CLICK, she looks up -- che bach- room door opens. A trifle drmk, bur still cool, Davis is there, wea: a white shirt and dark slacks, a drink in hand. His smile is "friendly." 31 52.
33) 2) dialog: Yes. What do you want? Davis sips his drink, still smiling. , look ae La thin, Hey, Look... appreciate eve z you've done for us, but I didn sign up for this trip. Please. He waggles his head pleasantly. Okay, Ra: D ae hi J Y, Ray. Do me a huge, and get the fuck out, okay? Raflectively, he peers at her in a paternal, quasi- altruistic, and at the same time lecherous manner.
34) 0) text: Weapped in a too-big bathrobe and carrying her street clothes, Beth hurries up to a lockad door. She knocks.
35) 9) dialog: "Ed, I cock a bath, I didn's ball hin Then she runs after him.
36) 5) dialog: Where ara you going? ¢ e buning > without Out for a walk.
36) 6) dialog: They'll kill you because of the curfew, Be stops, and turns. He is struggl to get something off Ale mind. Finally, he manages oot peak"
36) 8) dialog: Yes they did. Terry cold me juse this morning chat she's pregnant with Charlia's child.
36) 10) dialog: Well whac kind of a stupid question was thac?
37) 1) dialog: It was late afternoon when they brought him our. Four soldiers and an officer were with him and two other soldiers carried boxes of things. 56. HOLD THE FRAME. Then: SOUNDS BLEED IN: shouts, commands, boots shuffling, weapons clanking. An IMAGE SUPERIMPOSES OVER the Si : four soldiers and an officer lead a young man through the garden toward the street. Young man's head is slumped, making recognition difficult. Two soldiers in the lead carry books and papers.
37) 2) dialog: Habian ctres soldados?
37) 4) dialog: There were many other soldiers waiting at an Army truck. We see them now, milling around the Parked truck. A MAN'S VOICE incerrupts, objecting.
37) 10) dialog: Seguro que el muchacho fue ai marido? The woman hesitates, then nods.
37) 11) dialog: (to Horman) Pretty sure.
37) 17) dialog: Charlie wanted to live like the people here.
37) 19) dialog: Let me explain something, Ed. We don’t look at it as ‘playing pocr.' We look at ic as trying to be a part of the community. The people feel wa care about them because we live, and work, and play at their leval. It's a way of giving Fespecc - and of earning ic. While speaking, Bech moves around in the rubble, pluck- ing at papers, scanning chen briefly, letcing them fall.
37) 20) dialog: Maybe it sounds weird to you, but this is one of the happiesc homes Tt ever had. Charlie, too. We really had our acts together. szocping, she discovers a book: Sc. Exupery's THE LITTLE PRINCE.
37) 21) dialog: When we first got married, Charlie would read a chapter of this book. to me every night.
37) 23) dialog: th the book, the Prince come across a wild fox in the desert. And little by lictle, by being very gentle and choughrZul, he tames the fox. So the fox cells him a secret.
37) 24) text: She reflects for a moment. 59. BETH . Charlie's real good at caming people. She has been leafing through the bock. Now she reads:
37) 25) dialog: ‘It is only with the heart that we can see rightly; whac is essential is invisible to the eye.' What's that?
37) 26) dialog: The fox's secret. She hands him the book, then meanders a faw more steps, and locates a handful of kids' bright, innocent evayon dvawings. She cifiles through chem.
37) 27) dialog: Neighborhood kids drew these. When we first arrived, Charlie would invite them to visit us. They were tee poor to buy crayons and paper. At firsc, their drawings were very small. Before long, they wanted largez and larger sheets of paper. They had coma to realize art was something they could be delighted with and very proud of... She faces Horan straight on.
37) 28) dialog: That's a gift Charlie gave to the kids of this neighborhood. Rorman's aye is caught by an ink drawing tacked to che wall. The skatch is of a fey fantasy animal, half-duck, half-rabbic, with big, limpid eyes. Under ic is written: "The Sunshine Grabber."
37) 31) dialog: It's a poem and the name of an animation film he's been working om. That's one of the charactars. 57 58
37) 35) dialog: Whe is it?
37) 37) dialog: Eello. (to Herman) Mrs. Duran, the lady I cold you about. Her mother lives across the streec.
39) 0) text: Soldiers and armored vehicles guard the encrance. Many women keep an anxious vigil near the main gate. Some have photos of missing Loved ones hung around cheir necks. Whenever a soldier or vehicle approaches, they held up che ohotos, desperately Pleading for information. 59 61. BORMAN (¥.0.) How come you followed it? BETH (V.0.). She didn't. She -- Horman sits next to Beth. Mrs. Duran is at her right.
39) 3) dialog: Don's... : When he looks at her, he sees Mrs. Duran is scrunched down, trying to be invisible. .
39) 4) dialog: She could be arrastad juse for talking to us. Horman faces the Sedan again. The man gestures: not @ suggestion, this time, but a command. The cabbie shifts into gear and pulls away. The sedan pulls our behind is. INT. HOTEL CARRERA’ - END OF THE DAY Horman and Seth emerge from an elevator, aimed coward a small salon off the lobby. Kate Raesa sees them, and moves into their path. She smiles familiarly ac Beth, chen addresses Horman: 59 60 62.
40) 7) dialog: Well, then, I'm suxe they're impeccable.
40) 9) dialog: We were tired of seeing the world through the New York Times. We wanted to... to travel.
40) 11) dialog: We'd been all over Latin America aud we decided this was the best of it.
40) 13) dialog: I mean every way -- util your generals took over,
40) 16) dialog: What do you mean, ‘was?'
40) 22) dialog: FIN is about as ‘left-wing’ as Colonel Sanders. and Charlie doesn't write for it, he translates news and feature stories from such bastions of American comminism as the New York Post and The Wall Street Journal. Her antagonism suggests they try a differenc tack.
40) 26) dialog: Which peopla? Ara you kidding?
40) 28) dialog: They are arresting Americans. or don't"Frank Teruggi and David Holloway count?
40) 31) dialog: We've seeing David tomorrow.
41) 1) dialog: (rather awed) IT don't believe you said that, about the police training programs.
41) 3) dialog: You can get into big trouble wich loaded requests Like thac. They halt. He punches an elevator button.
41) 5) dialog: You could get dead with thac kind cf ‘favorable response.’ They enter. The doors close.
41) 12) dialog: T knew, I know. God bless our way of life!
41) 14) dialog: My idealism happens to be based om facts in the real world, not on some kind of... of Super Bowl, Piszified, Tricky Dicky power trip
42) 2) dialog: Is that your e@ of Charlia and ge? How could chae be! He opens the door, enters his room, and turns to face the rest of Beth's wrath.
42) 3) dialog: Ed, we're not some kind of freaked- out, acid-tripping Charley Mansonites! We'ra just two normal, slightly confused, paealiseic american Beople trying to be connecte positively to che whole dam roctren enchila 68. Bang! He shuts the door in her face. Beth steps forward and slams the heel of her fist once, hard, against the door. His back is against the door: he is pale and trembling and in shock from such a bitter explosion. Ed is net aman who likes, or is used to, raising his voice, losing control, or dumping soiled linen so erudely upon the table.
42) 7) dialog: Oh, shit. I blew it. Me and ay big mouth. Sha shakes her fist in almost comical anguish at the door, then backs away down che hallway, making all sotts of half-amused, half-cragic gestures of frustration ac Horman's door. 63 64 65 66 69.
45) 1) dialog: Te's mm. Look, I'm sorzy, 1 @idn't mean to blow up and say those things. [I should be tarred mg feathered for being such an ot...
51) 0) text: David Holloway is perched on the edge of a chaise across from Horman and Beth, His left hand is band- aged, he looks gaumt. Pia sits with him, hand resc- | ing lightly on his thigh. ie On a b.g. private tennis court a mixed-doubles game is in progress. A small gallery of spectators aunches ' discreet applause. Beyond che court, a smooth green lawn rises toward a sprawling white stueco villa.
51) 8) dialog: Because ic jusc isn't crue. Instead of fighting her, Ed cries to digese that. After a brief pause, he asks David:
51) 15) dialog: They earned a little gratitude, some respect.
51) 26) dialog: (soberad) Why? 75 76
51) 36) dialog: Did you find hin? The Ambassador is puzzled. Silencly, he queries Purty . then abruptly underscands.
51) 53) dialog: Coma on, Ed. The meeting's over. She leads him to the door.
54) 0) text: In a driving rainstorm, Horman and MeNally race to a white Chavrelec, whose doors have been opened by Bech. Beth is in back, Horman up front. McNally starts the engine. MeNALLY If you don't mind me asking... what's Chriseian Science about?
57) 0) text: The "no names" are a Sei ghteningly disoriented group. Some are saverely injured, others ambulatory. McNally and the Woman wait at the door while Horman and Bech enter the ward. Horman holds the photograph absently againse his chesc, trying to select a pacienc he might question. Beth floacs away from him in a peculiarly indecisive agony. [c's as if Charles, his suffering, and her own Suffering during this Kafka- esque odyssey after her phantom husband, are cruelly realized in the unremiccing anguish of these broken citizens. Withour a word, they recur slowly to McNally and che Woman, INT. ANOTHER HOSPITAL - Day 83 Another negative shake of the head ac Charles's photo. And it's seill raining. EXT./INT. A MENTAL HOSPITAL - LATE AFTERNOON a4 The insticucion is located on the bank cf a rain- swollen river. The interior is dark and grim and very gothic. The rooms are tiny -- virtually wichour furnicure -- and lit by a naked bulb -- Gas cing down a glaring Light that accentuates the haunted faces of the inmates. Horman, Beth and McNally go from room tc room, accou- panied by a stubby lictle man. as 36
58) 0) text: The corpse of a man is floating past in the swift cur- rent -- one atm frozen in death above his head. Beth stares at the river. Horman steadies her. The inmates press forward, bubbling with delighc. INT. HOSPITAL EMERGENCY WARD - Day 86 The room stinks with crippled humanity, horrendous cacophony. a5. Horman and Beth stand at the entrance while McNally queries a nurse at ab.g. desk. A soldier enters, prodding an injured woman along with his rifle. Passing Bech, the woman trips and collapses. Beth dreps instinctively to one knee, and starts to scoop her arms beneath the woman. But the soldier thrusts his gum between them, jamming the sight into Beth's shoulder, Before Beth can react, Horman lunges, gtabs the gun barrel, and yanks ic away. The soldier. jerks back on his weapon, and he and Horman lock eyes, Ed still holding on,
58) 1) dialog: Ed... don's do anything. McNally and che nurse rush over. MeNALLY Hold it! (to soldier, in Spanish) He's a lictle disturbed, but harmless. Forgive him! and he backs Horman off while che nurse further placates che soldier. McNALLY (to Herman) Waoat the hell is the matter wich you?
58) 6) dialog: Where are you going?
58) 8) dialog: Tc's dangerous. You don't know your way around.
58) 10) dialog: I'm coming with you. I'll cell McNally. While Horman continues to walk forward into the BACK- TRACKING CAMERA, Beth rums back to che raceding Chevrolet, speaks to McNally, chen starts returning to Horman. He stops, wichour turning, and waits. When she catches up, he starts walking again. Hands in her coar pockets, thoroughly drenched, Beth falls into step beside hin.
59) 0) text: Ed Horman and Beth cross the street to 4 wide, ctree- shaded walkway with benches and a stone wall. Beyond it, amd below, rums the river. They hale at che wall. Rain has slackened into a sofs misc. Beth stoops, absencly gathering some pebbles. She begins co dreamily chrow them into the watar. For whatever reason, suddanly chere's an air of poignancy and forgiveness. They begin laccing down their guards. HORMAN . He used to drive me crazy when he was little, out on Cape Cod, walking up and down the beach, throwing things into the water,
59) 1) dialog: He still loves to. Horman smiles timidly. It's. been a while since they have had an actual break.
59) 2) dialog: What do you suppose they are going right now? Up om old Cape Code...?
59) 9) dialog: I don'ts know. He Likes to pretend he's a country-and- western singer in the shower... he has a terrible voice. He likes to cook com beef hash with an egg in it... and of course, $ a star freak.
59) 11) dialog: A star freak. (she Looks up ac the sky) He can going ouc all che constallations in heaven.
59) 30) dialog: What?
59) 33) dialog: (to Silvie) and?...
60) 0) text: Purdy. Ray Davis, Beth, and Ed Korman are walking briskly down the gloomy corridor.
61) 0) text: 4 UNIFORMED MAN hovers over Horman as he leafs through @ stack of official forms. Beth is off to one side, waiting. In an outer office, Purdy and Davis confer with another officer. Among the forms are ones for Joseph Dorerty, Jim Dicter, David Holloway. Horman leafs through the entire pile, then looks up at Espinoza. ’ HORMAN This is all of chem, Colonel?
62) 0) text: 4 bright sun beats down om the stands where thousands of prisoners are scattered, guarded by a hundred $0 zs. Borman, Beth, Purdy and Davis are in che empty playing fteld. Espinoza is at a microphone in front of then, addressing the prisoners in Spanish. Introduction over, Espinoza Passes che mike co Horman. For a long deathly-quiec moment, blinking his eyes in the cruel sunlight, Ed tries cto formulace words. all the prisoners are attentive. A sea gull flies over che stadium. Horman's lips quiver, he wipes his brow. Bue how to begin? Beth steps forward, touching his shoulder.
62) 1) dialog: Are you all right? He nods. Yeo his face is tormented, his brow heavily furled. :
62) 3) dialog: Charlie... this is Beth, The statement echoes eerily across the stadium: “"Char-leeleelee, thisisis is is Bethethetheth...” Ie's embarrassing in a brutal way, but she muse con- tinue.
62) 5) dialog: (pause) . Please come with us. (pause) Nobody will hurt you anymore. (pause) Please come out if you are ag... The weird echoes die away. No prisoners, no soldiers have moved a milimecer, Abruptly, Horman takes the mike. Now that she broke the ice, he can do it. He speaks with a strange, strained formality.
62) 12) dialog: No it's not! Buc he won't hear. So she cakes off after him. Ed almost stumbles and falls between rows, but catches himself in cime.
65) 2) dialog: You mean the prisoner?
66) 0) text: The small, dark room is jammed with cast-off fumi- tura, bales of papers, official records. A fortyish blonde WOMAN mending a blouse occupies the only chair. A YOUNG 20Y lies on a cot, reading a Spider- man comic. 97. Near the door, Horman, Beth and Reese are talking to a chin, wiry little MAN who projects both cocky concrol and ‘explosive tension. Horman asked if his son were alive:
66) 2) dialog: Waat does that mean, ‘more ot less'?
66) 6) dialog: How badly?
66) 15) dialog: Horman?
66) 21) dialog: The head of the ‘local’ version of the CIA.
66) 26) dialog: Buc how could you order an American to disappear without contacting the American authorities first?
66) 28) dialog: I didn't mean you personally...
66) 44) dialog: ' Jesus... Something snaps in Horman. All of a sudden he kicks open his door and starts to scramble out of the car.
66) 45) dialog: Ed! Horman has just cleared the door, when Reese grabs his sleeve. He bumps back against the taxi as the front passenger door opens and Beth jumps out, bars his way, grabs his shoulder.
66) 46) dialog: Me. Horman! (terrified) What are you doing? CaBBIE (Spanish) Gec back in the car! Beth shoves, Reese pulls, Horman loses his balance and topples back inside. Beth slams the rear door and swings inside, slamming her door. The machine gunner in the b.g. steps.
67) 16) dialog: ‘Rad-haired woman appeared edgy. Cratar stopped calking. '
67) 21) dialog: -+. the next day in che lobby. Charlie is beside Terry on a couch, immersed in a japer. Stevie Wonder's "You Are the Sunshine of My Lize" BOOMS FROM A LOUDSPEAKER. Tn full uniform, Ryan descends a staircase and goes to the front desk. Spotting him, Charlie rises, tucks the Paper under an arm, and walks over.
67) 24) text: ‘My name is Charles Horman..: While the two men shake hands: BETH (¥.0.) ‘I explained we had come here for one day and got stuck by the coup.'
67) 32) dialog: "I'm terribly anxious about Beth..' She is moved by the notes, Lancing up at Horman, who isn't facing her. Then leafs through three pages of incimate notes to:
67) 33) dialog: ‘Next morning... Crater was sitting in lobby with carton of Kents and without Lady friend.’ Reese is now taking notes. VINA HOTEL LOBBY - nay 106 Charlie locks anxious and disheveled as he hurries through che lobby ahead of Terry.
67) 51) dialog: "We arrived at home of Paul Eppley where Naval Mission radio was installed...' 108 RESUME HOTEL CARRERA ROOM ° 108 te racaieg ea Ble cxcougs le receive @ cable Panama on September Léch._ Reese takes a note. Beth turns another diary page.
67) 65) dialog: I guess not.
67) 69) dialog: Obviously our Navy came down to help out with che coup. This time, Horman nods his head, taking her dead seriousl ul ambulances Lined up outside, roof 11.
67) 74) dialog: Dé you think that's whac actually happened?
68) 7) dialog: Jesus... Chrise... Almighty! McNALLY Coma on, lac's get her out of here. He grasps her am, but she flings his hand away angrily. Ge BETH bh a © your cotton-pi. ands of Of ma, mister! Pro ace leaving this place wmril I'a through searching for ay husband! McNALLY Give me a hand, would you, Ed?
68) 10) dialog: Wow... that's weird...
68) 12) dialog: Charlie once asked that question. In exactly the same tone of voice you just used. (she shivers) It's eerte.
69) 0) text: Dressed in a robe, Ed is seated next to the bedside table, talking on che phone. On the table is a Bible, @ travel alarm chat reads 1:22, and a small framed photograph of Elizabeth. His voice is drowsy wich acigue.
72) 0) text: Beth's fingers dig ince Horman's arm, and they lurch away from the window, heading for a railing t circles the upper level. Everybody is rigid, poised, awaiting the next after- shock. . Seconds tick by -- nothing happens. We hear SHOTS again -- but from farther away. The stillness is gradually broken. Snippets of dialogue carey from the Lobby. Somebody Laughs nervously. Slowly, things return to normal. Lights in che upper level bar snap on. And in no time, 4 small gang crocps upstairs toward che bar. Beth still grips Horman's arm. He gives her a fragile smile. ¥, aware that she's been clinging. tightly, Beth relaxes her hold. She's about to lac go, when he touches her hand tenderly.
72) 2) dialog: Whew. Thank you...
72) 8) dialog: A triple shot of bourbon, neat, with a vodka chaser. He blinks: she chuckles sadly.
72) 9) dialog: T'm only joking. ... A glass of white wine? For a second, Bath watches nim walk coward the baz. Then she heads for the alcove.
73) 0) text: Horman arrives, placing two drinks on the table. He settles opposite Beth. This is an awkward moment, as each takes their glass in hand. There's a pressure to offer a toast. Bur, given the circumstances, what kind of toast could chey possibly suggest? ‘Then Beth vaises het wine glass, extending it toward her father-in-law. 119.
73) 1) dialog: Ed... He lifts his ow glass. They clink rims.
73) 2) dialog: L' chain.
73) 4) dialog: To life. Charlie and I always say ic. They drink. Then a rude little aftershock brings them both to the edge of their seats. They await, anxiously, but there's no further disturbance... and they settle back a litele. His drink between his hands, gazing down into ic, able to look up, Horman gathers the courage to speak.
73) 8) dialog: Ed, it's all right. He looks up.
73) 10) dialog: Charlie once cold me guile feelings ave Like fear -- given us for survival, not destruction. After another pause, Ed speaks: quietly, passionately.
73) 13) dialog: Thank you. Thay allow their feelings cto settle for a@ momenc. When she is in control, Beth looks up.
73) 14) dialog: Can I ask you a real hard question? He nods: sure. Bech gathers herself for a moment. Then:
73) 15) dialog: De you think he's dead? His eyes flicker away. In turmoil, he sips his drink. lai.
73) 17) dialog: (gently) But that’s not how you feel, is it? ‘Slowly, Horman shakes his head. He looks very close to defeated. Then, after a while, in « truly weary voice, he changes the subject:
73) 21) dialog: De you mind if f skip chat one? They lift their nearly emty glasses to each other again.
77) 2) dialog: They just want to ask me some questions about Charlie.
77) 9) dialog: What's wrong, Ed? He shakes his head -- "nothing" -- obviously lying.
77) 10) dialog: What did they say at the Ford -- He holds up his hand, speaking very deliberately into the phone.
77) 15) dialog: Look, I've gone through this a dozen << .
77) 17) dialog: Charles Horman. Rojas punches our the name with two fingers.
77) 19) dialog: 4126 Vicuna McKenna. He types ir.
77) 22) dialog: I'm not sure. He looks up again.
77) 23) dialog: He was arrested that afternoon. I dom't know exactly when.
80) 0) text: Beth and Ed are poking around in the shambles, gacher- awings, books, notebooks, or other $ pertaining to Charles that che soldiers left be! . They place everything in the cardboard boxes. There is a desperate kind of softness in their moves, suggesting slow motion, a trance-like quality to the scene tinging it with exceptional ss. Ed may not be exying, buc there is chat air of pro- found anguish in his look, in his moves. $ his Perk ayes are red, suggesting it is the same day he Learned for certain charfes is dead. McNally stands aside, ineffectually. He's embarrassed to be intruding on this tense, private moment. Horman halts for a moment, straightens up. He exhales for emotional as well as physical relief. His be- wildared eyes take in che mess. Then he goes over and places his hand against a wall in a strange, te way, almose as if feeling for a heartbeat... Then he rests his head weatily against thac arn. INT. AIRPORT COFFEE SHOP - Day 137 At a cable are Horman, Beth, Purdy and McNally. Horman is calm now, more rested, in control. Beth is signing forms for McNally, whe turns the pages for her, When she si; the lase page, he shuffles them all into a Neat pile and slips c into his briefcase. McNALLY To think thar does it. Thank you. 136.
80) 1) dialog: When will he be sent back?
80) 4) dialog: (sadly, not bitrerly) For what that's worth. McNally opens his mouth to speak... then fumbles, en- barrassed. Then he decides ec broach it anyway. MeNALLY Did you mention the... ah, shipping charges? Purdy abhors che gaffe, but, since it has been made:
80) 6) dialog: How much? Purdy checks McNally for cha answer. McNALLY Tt comas to 931 dollars. Thac includes the freight, too, of course.
81) 13) text: 139 139. Ed Curns around and with Beth confronts him face to face: