12) 31) dialog: He's okay. But Cleo ‘disappeared,' That hurts, Beth exhales slowly:
12) 35) dialog: The party's over,
12) 40) dialog: T'Ll use the phone booth on the corner of West Broadway and Prince. Then Beth goes to Frank, who rises, giving her a fare- well embrace.
46) 0) text: David is typing at a littered desk, surrounded by book- shelves, and scattered papers. ‘The room is Large, eclectically furnished, like that of a well-heeled grad student. Posters and prints decorate the walls. Skis adorn a corner. Opposite the couch, 2 high French door leads to che terrace where David and Frank said goodbye to 3eth earlier. Suddenly we hear NOISES outside: BOOTS CLOMPING UP STAIRS, ROUGH VOICES, SHARP SOUNDS. Then a rifle buts SMASHES glass, che door flies open, and ‘Soldiers burst into che room. David jumps up, crying "Hey, Frank!" Buc he is immedi- ately Pinned against che bookcase by a rifle jammed in his belly. His reaction, from hundreds of childhood westerns, is to fling up his hands, exclaiming "Don't shoot!" An OFFICER checks a List of names.
46) 2) dialog: Holloway. 67 68 69 70.
46) 3) text: Frank... Teruggi? . David points to a door. Several soldiers spring over, flanking it with ostentatious skill. The decr cpens and Frank appears, a copy of MAD Magazine in hand. Two soldiers grab at him, but Teruggi shakes them off.
46) 5) dialog: Stop it, they'll kill you! 4 soldier swings his rifle butt, knocking Frank onto the couch. Another goon Lands on his belly, jamming a .45 into his neck.
47) 0) text: The van speeds down an avenue deserted except for other mi lteasy vehicles. Occasional soldiers warm themselves at bontires. . Hands bound behind them, David and Frank are next to the driver, faces pressed up against che windshiald. The Officer and several soldiers crouch in the rear, where hay bales procect against sniper fire.
48) 2) dialog: We have a right co call the American Embassy! Of a sudden, a skinny, handsome Latin student cype prisoner explodes at the abuse. He swings back at a soldier, and another soldier clobbers. hin behind the head. He drops, poleaxed, and is immediately booted over sideways. Both blows are astonishingly brutal. Six soldiers jump among the prisoners.
49) 0) text: The corridor is an office. Desks line one wall, an officer behind each one. Frank and David are waiting to be registered and questioned. Soldiers everywhere . aze herding prisoners, or congregating around “praseros" keeping warm, drinking soup. The most fear we have yet seen permeates this place -- palpable, gricty, sickening. CRIES and SCREAMS spatter up from the basement beneath the stadium, often fol- lowed by GUNFIRE. The sounds are bizarre: the absence of say buman reaction in the guards heightens che unreality. David's eyes dart about, his face terri- Sted. aagspice his hurt, Frank is more watchful, ealai . 7
50) 0) text: A locker room has been converted into a detancion area. Prisoners lie around on the benches. Most have been beaten. There’s little conversation -- and thac is mostly in whispers. Frank and David sic on che floor, backs to a wall. : Near panic, David studies the trapped men around then. He shivers whenever MUFFLED GUNFIRE carries through the corridors to their holding area.
50) 1) dialog: They're going to kill us, aren't they? FRANK . I don't think so. They're just trying to scare us. © pavin Well they sure as hell succeeded.
50) 3) dialog: You're full of shit, Frank. David's Laughter triggers tears instead. Te: iL purcs am arm around his shoulder, like a big brother= Hey, I' Line ye in; 7, m te. you, we're going to be all right. 73.
50) 4) dialog: I can't help it. They're gonna kill thac guy, aren't thay? Frank figures his job is to hoid David together. He smiles gruffly.
50) 6) dialog: Okay. You gor a ber. They shake hands just as a door opens. An OFFICER sticks in his head, checking 2 clipboard list.
51) 0) text: David Holloway is perched on the edge of a chaise across from Horman and Beth, His left hand is band- aged, he looks gaumt. Pia sits with him, hand resc- | ing lightly on his thigh. ie On a b.g. private tennis court a mixed-doubles game is in progress. A small gallery of spectators aunches ' discreet applause. Beyond che court, a smooth green lawn rises toward a sprawling white stueco villa.
51) 1) dialog: That's the lase time I saw Frank. They released me nexe day. Horman leans forward in his chair.
51) 3) dialog: , I spoke with his dad in Chicago. Boy Frank hasn't called him, or anyone : else we know,
51) 5) dialog: (to Bech) ' Ts that where you think Charlie is, im hiding?’
51) 10) dialog: They never even interrogated me about it.
51) 12) dialog: Juse like the rest of us... We sometimes worked eighteen hours a day until we goc it our. (reall x rised) rea. 8 sa aarte worked eighcean houss a
51) 13) dialog: Sometimes -- suze!
61) 0) text: 4 UNIFORMED MAN hovers over Horman as he leafs through @ stack of official forms. Beth is off to one side, waiting. In an outer office, Purdy and Davis confer with another officer. Among the forms are ones for Joseph Dorerty, Jim Dicter, David Holloway. Horman leafs through the entire pile, then looks up at Espinoza. ’ HORMAN This is all of chem, Colonel?