12) 28) dialog: What's happen: to everybody? With iuce’ mayes he got into an Embassy.
12) 33) dialog: All of a sudden, this city is like a Free Fire Zone. They're aven shooting People just for being left-handed. th . BETH @ you guys aren't going to sod *azound auch longes, 8 Frank has been pacing. He plunks down tiredly in a chaiz.
12) 34) dialog: T can't believe it. These last two years have been the best years of my life. And then all of a sudden... He glances up, grief-stricken, almost tearful.
12) 36) dialog: Te wasn't a party. fc was a real effort to change this society, After a brief, sorrowful qsiet, Beth speaks: 20
12) 43) dialog: 4w, come on. Who'd want to hurt a nice Italian boychik like me?
46) 0) text: David is typing at a littered desk, surrounded by book- shelves, and scattered papers. ‘The room is Large, eclectically furnished, like that of a well-heeled grad student. Posters and prints decorate the walls. Skis adorn a corner. Opposite the couch, 2 high French door leads to che terrace where David and Frank said goodbye to 3eth earlier. Suddenly we hear NOISES outside: BOOTS CLOMPING UP STAIRS, ROUGH VOICES, SHARP SOUNDS. Then a rifle buts SMASHES glass, che door flies open, and ‘Soldiers burst into che room. David jumps up, crying "Hey, Frank!" Buc he is immedi- ately Pinned against che bookcase by a rifle jammed in his belly. His reaction, from hundreds of childhood westerns, is to fling up his hands, exclaiming "Don't shoot!" An OFFICER checks a List of names.
46) 3) text: Frank... Teruggi? . David points to a door. Several soldiers spring over, flanking it with ostentatious skill. The decr cpens and Frank appears, a copy of MAD Magazine in hand. Two soldiers grab at him, but Teruggi shakes them off.
46) 4) dialog: Get away from me, you assholes. What do you think you're -- Furiously -- and stupidly -- he goes ape, swinging his arms, buteing with his shoulders”
46) 6) dialog: Okay. Youwin. I give up. Meanwhile, ocher soldiers search the voom, dumping books, tearing off posters, confiscating reams of .typeseripc.
47) 0) text: The van speeds down an avenue deserted except for other mi lteasy vehicles. Occasional soldiers warm themselves at bontires. . Hands bound behind them, David and Frank are next to the driver, faces pressed up against che windshiald. The Officer and several soldiers crouch in the rear, where hay bales procect against sniper fire.
49) 0) text: The corridor is an office. Desks line one wall, an officer behind each one. Frank and David are waiting to be registered and questioned. Soldiers everywhere . aze herding prisoners, or congregating around “praseros" keeping warm, drinking soup. The most fear we have yet seen permeates this place -- palpable, gricty, sickening. CRIES and SCREAMS spatter up from the basement beneath the stadium, often fol- lowed by GUNFIRE. The sounds are bizarre: the absence of say buman reaction in the guards heightens che unreality. David's eyes dart about, his face terri- Sted. aagspice his hurt, Frank is more watchful, ealai . 7
50) 0) text: A locker room has been converted into a detancion area. Prisoners lie around on the benches. Most have been beaten. There’s little conversation -- and thac is mostly in whispers. Frank and David sic on che floor, backs to a wall. : Near panic, David studies the trapped men around then. He shivers whenever MUFFLED GUNFIRE carries through the corridors to their holding area.
50) 2) dialog: Hey, man, we're Americans. If they kill us, our Embassy will go bananas.
50) 5) dialog: Listen. I'll bet you a dinner at Arcuro's that we'll be out of here by moming, David is will to grasp at that straw, and be a little soothed =
50) 8) dialog: (chilled, but doesn'c let on) Hah! Looks like you lose, turkey. Rising, he squeezes David's shoulder with affeccionace concern.
50) 9) dialog: Be stron, 5 Soon as I get out T'Ll head straight for che Embassy. David nods with a glimmer of hope.
50) 11) dialog: Hold your water, Mickey Mouse. The last glimpse David has is Frank's shoulder. Then David is alone, glancing timorously around act other prisoners as we hear the incongruous "WHOP" of 2 tennis ball being struck... followed by a “BRAVO!” and a smattering of LiGaT APPLAUSE.
68) 6) text: Wao is this? Frank Teruggi. Raising her face, she closes her eyes, and snarls in desolate, frustrated, keel-hauled Tage: