0) 0) text: A weapons carrier straddles the center line of a road in the outskirts of a large town. Lined behind the APC, a dozen cars and trucks await permission to pass. Several soldiers accompany a nervous OFFICER down along the vehicles, checking IDs, Tummaging chrough trunks and truck beds. The uniformed men are tensa, skittish, heavily armed. On che sidewalks, other soldiers . brusquely search pedestrians. An air of confusion aad disotder casts an added menace and danger ever che scene. A blue Chevrolet sedan errives at the end of the line. The DRIVER is a self-assured, middle-aged man. Next to him, an attractive YOUNG WOMAN is turned sideways so she can also see the rear-seat Passenger, 2 thin, studious-looking YOUNG MAN. The Woman and Young Man ave obytously on edge. But the Driver aces merely annoyed by the inconvenience. Apprehensively, the Young Man glances out his window. The setting sum's flickering tays cast eerie reflec- ‘tions of shadow and Light. . 4& group of barefoot barrio urchins playing seccar on a side street ara cblivicus to the turbulent situation. The Young Man ts mesmerized by their energetic anrics. Suddenly, an Army truck careens INTO VIEW and the kids scatter, leaving che ball in mid-screec, umclaimad. The truck hits the ball, which burses. and the NOISE, LIKE a GUNSHOT, eriggers a moment of panic. an overwhelmingly dangerous silance. The Officer waves his revolver. The soldiers seek targets for cheir weapons. Terrified of triggering suspicion, padestri- ans don't knew whether co mm, fall to the ground, or reeze... A jittery soldier approaches che car and jabs his aR- L6 through che open rear window, its muzzle just inches from che Young Man's face. He seiifens, but holds his composure. Without be asked, the Driver produces a laminated I.D. card. Soldier ‘abs it, squints sus- piciously, then beckons the Of: icer, who approaches with self-righteous belligerence. He recognizes the card at a giance, however, cakas it, returas it to che Driver, salutes smartly.
0) 1) dialog: Captain Davis, my bien... pase, pase! 2. The Officer signals with his gun to pull our of line, then walks ahead, ordering others cto let the Chevy proceed, To the right, in che mid-distance, the Young Man no- tices a woman in flight. Through the tattered cloch of her shradded slacks patches of white skin ace visi- ble. As she runs, the woman clutches at the flapping remnants, vainly trying to cover her bareness. The Young Man checks the Woman and Davis, but they haven't noticed her. The Officer salutes a final time, and the car moves off. Ag the roadblock Tecedes, the Young Man opens a battered spiral notebook, unclips a pen, and begins writing. With Slightly perturbed in- tensity, Davis studies the Young Man in the rearview mirror, Davis glances at the mirror once more, chen focuses back on the road.
9) 0) text: ‘The soldiers lead Terry to a fiercely stem OFFICER seated behind a counter. The Officer peers over his dark glasses -- firsc at Terry, then at he bag. He motions for her to open us. In the b.g., Charlie approaches che door. A soldier bars the way. He starts explaining chat he's with the woman inside, impatiently, the Officar motions again, but Terry is rigid with fear. So one of her captors presses his witle mozzle to her lefe ear. Thug ur ed, Tersy scrug- gles awkwardly to open che bag. The Officer inspects its contents, chen removes her Passport, hamding it to a soldier behind him, who begins checking ic againse a mimeo list. The Officer then gestures for Terry to finish unpacking. As she complies, Charlie is marched up. The Officer jabs a stiff finger through her belongings, then gestures for her to sane The soldier hands ‘her passport back to the Officer. He retums ic to Terry. Tension lessens... a trifle. Piles of laundry lie about. 16. In one corner, a sheet is draped over a human form. Just above the body, around chest height, a half dozen blood-ringed craters mar the wall. Terry's eyes pivot from the corpse to the Officer.. He nods at the suitcase.
9) 1) dialog: Where are you going with that?
9) 3) dialog: The airports are closed. (then he dismisses them curtly) You may go. Charlie grabs the beg and they split. Scunned by the horror, Terry is drawn to look back. Bue with his eyes Charlie warns her fiercely: Don't lock back!
46) 0) text: David is typing at a littered desk, surrounded by book- shelves, and scattered papers. ‘The room is Large, eclectically furnished, like that of a well-heeled grad student. Posters and prints decorate the walls. Skis adorn a corner. Opposite the couch, 2 high French door leads to che terrace where David and Frank said goodbye to 3eth earlier. Suddenly we hear NOISES outside: BOOTS CLOMPING UP STAIRS, ROUGH VOICES, SHARP SOUNDS. Then a rifle buts SMASHES glass, che door flies open, and ‘Soldiers burst into che room. David jumps up, crying "Hey, Frank!" Buc he is immedi- ately Pinned against che bookcase by a rifle jammed in his belly. His reaction, from hundreds of childhood westerns, is to fling up his hands, exclaiming "Don't shoot!" An OFFICER checks a List of names.
46) 1) dialog: David Ol-avai?
47) 0) text: The van speeds down an avenue deserted except for other mi lteasy vehicles. Occasional soldiers warm themselves at bontires. . Hands bound behind them, David and Frank are next to the driver, faces pressed up against che windshiald. The Officer and several soldiers crouch in the rear, where hay bales procect against sniper fire.
48) 3) dialog: Beat them! Kill anybody who tesists! Te begins. Each soldier kicks che Rearest prisoner in the stomach two, three times. The entire body jumps with each kick. Man cry our. Soldiers tap heads with their machine + and stomp on ankles while the men groan. One soldier steps between the student's legs, Rauls him back, and boots him in the erotch. The student flops forward, shrieking, and turns, in- Sanely lunging at his Cormantor, who knocks him silly with a rifle blow. David and Frank are paralyzed at the swift brutalicy of chis scene. 71 72 72.
49) 0) text: The corridor is an office. Desks line one wall, an officer behind each one. Frank and David are waiting to be registered and questioned. Soldiers everywhere . aze herding prisoners, or congregating around “praseros" keeping warm, drinking soup. The most fear we have yet seen permeates this place -- palpable, gricty, sickening. CRIES and SCREAMS spatter up from the basement beneath the stadium, often fol- lowed by GUNFIRE. The sounds are bizarre: the absence of say buman reaction in the guards heightens che unreality. David's eyes dart about, his face terri- Sted. aagspice his hurt, Frank is more watchful, ealai . 7
50) 7) dialog: Tear...0...Gee?
50) 10) dialog: Tear-0-Gee! Then he straightans, and limps toward the Officer, snarling under his breach:
61) 0) text: 4 UNIFORMED MAN hovers over Horman as he leafs through @ stack of official forms. Beth is off to one side, waiting. In an outer office, Purdy and Davis confer with another officer. Among the forms are ones for Joseph Dorerty, Jim Dicter, David Holloway. Horman leafs through the entire pile, then looks up at Espinoza. ’ HORMAN This is all of chem, Colonel?
65) 0) text: It's a huge room featuring tall colums, marble walls, sinister dark shadows. A MAN, dressed in khaki and general's braid, holds forth from behind a desk. Another OFFICER, a colonel, stands across from him, next to a third MAN in a civilian suit. A fourth MAN in che b.g. is visible, buc wuidenci- fiable. Dressed in a windbreaker, he wears ais hair gut shore in the style of other Americans we've seen so far.
81) 0) text: Purdy and McNally huddle for a Moment outside the coffee shop. Then McNally waves to Korman and walks off. Horman doesn't return che wave. : The three of them now head across the Serminal toward the customs area where a long Line of departing passen- gers await clearance. The Officer from Horman's arrival scene hurries up, salutes Purdy, and ushers chem through a VIP gata. As they emerge from Customs, we hear: