1) 3) dialog: Thank you... Op. her door, she gives a little shrug, trying to atone for her friend's discourtesy. But Davis waves ic off with an understanding smile. Just then, a TANK PAST. Standing up outside che car, Terry watch- es the tank as ic heads down the street. As a scuad of surly, tough-locking soldiers in riot helmets and crossed bandoliers marches past, Davis leans over, closes the passenger door, and pulls away. Absorbed by the soldiers, Terzy barely notices.
1) 6) dialog: Charlie, why didn't you Let him drive us home?
3) 0) text: We hear a RUSTLE OF BEDCLOTHES as Terry sits up. Are you okay? He gnorts gloemily, and sectles into « chair by a small esk.
3) 4) dialog: Hey, come on, Charlie, Beth's all right. Nothing can happen to her. Charlie smiles weakly, graceful for the little pep talk.
3) 6) dialog: Do me a favor, Lemme see you smile... like for reals. . Charlie Launches a sickly, strained, imication grin.
3) 7) dialog: Ywuch. You look gruesome. He actually misters a flicker of humerous sarcasm and morose comedy as he makes a dispiziced V-sign:
3) 11) dialog: Not at all. She sectles back down and turns, facing the wall. From the party villa, SOUNDS OF HARD ROCK seep through, rife with rhythm and violence. -
3) 12) dialog: De you think ie's smart... to keep all those notes? Instead of answering, Charlie begins to write: "September 16 -- 3:10 a.m. Terry just asked if it's smart to keep all these notes..." —
4) 0) text: A last car parks and the Villa is silent now, closed . up, deserted. At the end of the empty driveway stands a massive gate. Outside the gate looking in, Charlie wonders if last night's party was just a fantasy, Suddenly, three SNARLING DOBERMANS tush the fence, leaping angrily against the wire. Several feec behind Charlie, Terry jumps back nervously. Though frightened, he holds his ground, further ancagonizing the dogs. Then a window opens and chr h it pokes a long gun barrel aimed down at chen. one ns
4) 1) dialog: Look! She turns to run away, but he grabs her arm.
5) 0) text: Streec is fronted with drab, gray apartment buildings. 4A cab pulls up before one of the few privace homes -- a_lar @, weatherbeaten structure set off by 4 rusting om tance. Charlie and Terry leave che cab. Anxiously, he unlocks the gate, and they start across a sczufty lawn, Charlie in the lead. Terzy follows him around the main house and through a scorched garden. As Charlie approaches fae house, a duck waddles out and he nearly trips over t. :
5) 3) dialog: She must be still asleep. 7. Charlie approaches the house. The frone door opens and BETH, in jeans and work shirt, falls into his arms, her face radiant with happiness at the sight of hin. She holds him close, hard, with all her strength, as though she wanted to melt into him. ‘Then Beth sudden- ly pulls back.
5) 10) dialog: Bech, we...
6) 0) text: The cluttered, cheerfully scruffy little place is bad- ly in need of paint and repair. Rnick-kaacks, posters, and other stuff speak of disorganized yet sincere com- mitment, and youthful energy. No partition divides kitchen area from living reoen, where a large plywood desk is covered with stacked papers, and a wide bookcase overZlows with paperbacks, Rewspapers, pamphlets. Wall posters range from Che Guevara and Unidad Popular, to the Beatles, and slogans such as "Eat Oysters, Love Longer." 9. Terry has her suitcase open on the bed and is packing her things. Beth helps her, :
6) 12) dialog: A U.S. Army colonel stationed in Vina. 11.
6) 21) dialog: Would you two Like me to take a walk.
6) 34) dialog: Iwill. You be careful. Beth wedges inte che already overcrowded taxi. Sud- denly, the cruising jeep backs up and slams co a halt. Taree soldiers jump out and start cowards th Chare lie and T. gird themselves: Beth seems saady to hop our of the taxi, but Charlie makes a discreet sign for her to stay put.
6) 36) dialog: What are they saying?
7) 0) text: Ags it turns right, Charlie and Terry see the body of a young man sprawled in the road. .
7) 1) dialog: Ok my God... Other passengers give no indication they have all just een a corpse.
7) 3) dialog: I know... Shocked by the other passengers' hardened faces, Char- lia says with perturbed, unhappy awe: - .
8) 0) text: Bullet casings and broken glass everywhere. Soldiers accost cara ena pedestrians at will, [s's obviously a violent, very dangerous place to be right now. A bus stops. Charlie and Terry debark and starz up a si . Most pedestrians walk with eyes glued co che ground, as though indifferent to the surroundings. But soon hh we catch the rapid, furtive peeks they steal, the quick evaluations of che “eneny. Charlie and Terry wait for traffic co clear. A colo-. nel's command car speeds past, KLAXON WAILING. Wich growing despair Charlie watches the car. ie speaks with bewildered, ourcragad sorrow over tha face that his dream is going down in flames.
8) 2) dialog: You got to be kidding.
9) 0) text: ‘The soldiers lead Terry to a fiercely stem OFFICER seated behind a counter. The Officer peers over his dark glasses -- firsc at Terry, then at he bag. He motions for her to open us. In the b.g., Charlie approaches che door. A soldier bars the way. He starts explaining chat he's with the woman inside, impatiently, the Officar motions again, but Terry is rigid with fear. So one of her captors presses his witle mozzle to her lefe ear. Thug ur ed, Tersy scrug- gles awkwardly to open che bag. The Officer inspects its contents, chen removes her Passport, hamding it to a soldier behind him, who begins checking ic againse a mimeo list. The Officer then gestures for Terry to finish unpacking. As she complies, Charlie is marched up. The Officer jabs a stiff finger through her belongings, then gestures for her to sane The soldier hands ‘her passport back to the Officer. He retums ic to Terry. Tension lessens... a trifle. Piles of laundry lie about. 16. In one corner, a sheet is draped over a human form. Just above the body, around chest height, a half dozen blood-ringed craters mar the wall. Terry's eyes pivot from the corpse to the Officer.. He nods at the suitcase.
10) 0) text: The Large impersonal space is dominated by an "embassy- sized" portrait of Richard Nixon, Looking quite fraz- zled, lie and Terry pass an unattended reception desk, head: for a switchboard OPERATOR, The yo tan is muscular, craweut, clear-eyad and borad scif?. Charlie tries to make his voice normal, friendly, everyday.
10) 6) dialog: They told us the Consulate was closed because of gunfire.
10) 8) dialog: Do you know if -- OPERATOR — No, ma'am. [ certainly don'c. Tc's lunchtime. Everybody's gone, End of conversation. Charlie stares disbelievingly for a beat, then cakes Terry's arm and stares away.
10) 14) dialog: Hey, ‘pal’ -- we're Americans. And this is supposed to be our g0- called Embassy,
11) 0) text: As Charlie and Terry descend coward the street, the eavesdropping Woman catches up to them, falls into step.
12) 0) text: The cafe is packed with @ lunchtime crowd. Charlie, Terry, and Reese ara at a streetside table, the tho- roughiy-read Rewspapes crinkled before Charlie. Caught in mid-conversation, they share an obvious vapport.
12) 5) dialog: Jesus -- are you all right?
12) 11) dialog: So now wnat do we do?
12) 15) dialog: Charlie...
12) 17) dialog: Be extra careful. 18 ug 21. (seilL t he st te be cheerval Hey, don't worry. They can't hurt us... He snaps to attention, and adopts an LBJ accent that comes off curiously touching because of the fright still on his features. He's like a little kid trying to be brave.
28) 17) dialog: Hold it right there, Mister. Charlie freezes on one fect. A POLAROID SHUTTER CLICKS, capturing the picture Beth found earlier in her des- troyed house. Then Charlie takes one step, loses bis balance, and tumbles off the seawall out of sight. The CAMERA RUSHES FORWARD, leans over the wall, and there's Charlie, contorted grotesquely in 4 sandbank five feet below, grinniag Mischievously and poincing a finger at us.
29) 0) text: Terry and Charlie stand outside a cement block building under a peeling "BUS" sign. A MAN behind a windowed counter shakes his head. Charlie groans.
29) 6) dialog: 4nd in the meantime? Ee digs into a pocket, counting his money carefully.
29) 8) dialog: Oh my gosh. an illicic might in a romantic port. 45 47. He kicks up one foot behind and across himself, whack- ing her butt. And they head off into che lovely dusk. INT. HOTEL ROOM - MORNING ot 45 Charlie sleeps on one bed, Terry on the other. ALL is still -- then we hear a SOUND from outside, a low dull "WHUMP-WHUMP" that BUILDS AND BUILDS uncil it RATTLES THE GLASS of their terrace door. Charlie awakens abruptly. Terry rolls over, and chey question each other. Charlie jums up, opens the terrace door. The SOUND CRASHES intc the roca. Three military helicopters hover close by, machine gunners crouched in the doors. Charlie steps cutside, buffeted by the rotor wash, and locks down over che railing. Army vehicles clog the boulevard chat parallels the seawall. T. RUMBLE BY. Wrapped in a sheet, Terry starts out, but... -.. Charlie hes her back inside, then reencers hin- self, struggling to close the door, chen faces her, wide-eyed:
30) 1) dialog: The 24-hour curfew had shut everyt! down. The phones were out, and rlie freaked because he souldn't reach Beth.
32) 1) dialog: That's when he decided co start taking notes.
32) 10) dialog: Ray Davis drove us. to Terry). Oh, by the way, guess who's havin: dinner with Admiral Huidobro tonighe?
32) 11) dialog: And you mean he didn't invite us? How devastating.
32) 13) dialog: on T'll bec he asked for the lise again. 49 50 $l.
32) 16) dialog: We contacted him when Charlie first disappeared.
32) 18) dialog: Naturally, we went. Bue che Admiral never showed up.
35) 3) dialog: Nine o'clock.
35) 5) dialog: Sure.
67) 4) text: Repeat FLASHBACK of Charlie and Terry first meeting rater. May I voreow ah if iy orrow that ex ou're 7 Pap: x 103
67) 10) dialog: Do you have any idea how long we'll be stuck here in Vina?
67) 37) dialog: Peru, and Bolivia.