0) 0) text: A weapons carrier straddles the center line of a road in the outskirts of a large town. Lined behind the APC, a dozen cars and trucks await permission to pass. Several soldiers accompany a nervous OFFICER down along the vehicles, checking IDs, Tummaging chrough trunks and truck beds. The uniformed men are tensa, skittish, heavily armed. On che sidewalks, other soldiers . brusquely search pedestrians. An air of confusion aad disotder casts an added menace and danger ever che scene. A blue Chevrolet sedan errives at the end of the line. The DRIVER is a self-assured, middle-aged man. Next to him, an attractive YOUNG WOMAN is turned sideways so she can also see the rear-seat Passenger, 2 thin, studious-looking YOUNG MAN. The Woman and Young Man ave obytously on edge. But the Driver aces merely annoyed by the inconvenience. Apprehensively, the Young Man glances out his window. The setting sum's flickering tays cast eerie reflec- ‘tions of shadow and Light. . 4& group of barefoot barrio urchins playing seccar on a side street ara cblivicus to the turbulent situation. The Young Man ts mesmerized by their energetic anrics. Suddenly, an Army truck careens INTO VIEW and the kids scatter, leaving che ball in mid-screec, umclaimad. The truck hits the ball, which burses. and the NOISE, LIKE a GUNSHOT, eriggers a moment of panic. an overwhelmingly dangerous silance. The Officer waves his revolver. The soldiers seek targets for cheir weapons. Terrified of triggering suspicion, padestri- ans don't knew whether co mm, fall to the ground, or reeze... A jittery soldier approaches che car and jabs his aR- L6 through che open rear window, its muzzle just inches from che Young Man's face. He seiifens, but holds his composure. Without be asked, the Driver produces a laminated I.D. card. Soldier ‘abs it, squints sus- piciously, then beckons the Of: icer, who approaches with self-righteous belligerence. He recognizes the card at a giance, however, cakas it, returas it to che Driver, salutes smartly.
9) 0) text: ‘The soldiers lead Terry to a fiercely stem OFFICER seated behind a counter. The Officer peers over his dark glasses -- firsc at Terry, then at he bag. He motions for her to open us. In the b.g., Charlie approaches che door. A soldier bars the way. He starts explaining chat he's with the woman inside, impatiently, the Officar motions again, but Terry is rigid with fear. So one of her captors presses his witle mozzle to her lefe ear. Thug ur ed, Tersy scrug- gles awkwardly to open che bag. The Officer inspects its contents, chen removes her Passport, hamding it to a soldier behind him, who begins checking ic againse a mimeo list. The Officer then gestures for Terry to finish unpacking. As she complies, Charlie is marched up. The Officer jabs a stiff finger through her belongings, then gestures for her to sane The soldier hands ‘her passport back to the Officer. He retums ic to Terry. Tension lessens... a trifle. Piles of laundry lie about. 16. In one corner, a sheet is draped over a human form. Just above the body, around chest height, a half dozen blood-ringed craters mar the wall. Terry's eyes pivot from the corpse to the Officer.. He nods at the suitcase.
10) 5) text: In the b.g. a WOMAN stands in an office doorway, eavesdropping. She's fiftyish, professionally calm, with seen-it-all eyes. .
11) 0) text: As Charlie and Terry descend coward the street, the eavesdropping Woman catches up to them, falls into step.
11) 1) dialog: Excuse me, My name is Kate Reese. I'm a freelance reporter out of New York. :
12) 21) dialog: (Spanish) You have to be strong. Think of your baby... MARTA. (despairingly) Yo se@ que van a matarla. (I know they are going to kill hin.)
12) 24) dialog: I'LL take care of her, Beth backs out, terribly pained for the girl. ‘EXT. THE HOUSE - TERRACE - Day 19 The stone terrace juts off the sida of a large, ornate house. TWO YOUNG AMERICAN MEN are standing on the ter- vTace. One is short, wich eyeglasses, a studious gaze.
19) 0) text: Day Horman and the Congressman stride down the hall, fol- lowed by the Young Man and a YOUNG WOMAN.
19) 3) dialog: Political reasons.
19) 23) dialog: The arrested Americans have ail been freed thanks co our Embassy's efforts. 34 35 32.
19) 24) dialog: (referring to folder) The last two --.Teruggi and Holloway -- were released. Teruggi took off without even thanking the Embassy.
31) 0) text: Seated at a table littered with the remains of a sump- " Suous breakfast, are a middle-aged slightly overweight MAN and a di » red-haired WOMAN. A newspaper Lies beside the man's place. Charlie approaches their table. (Spanish) May I borrow that paper if you're through? The Man Isoks up and laughs.
37) 0) text: Our CAMERA IS POSITIONED on the opposite side of the street from the Horman house. ‘The WIDE ANGLE FRAMES the house. OVER the SCENE, a WOMAN SPEAKS, low, muffled, in Spanish. Bech interprets.
37) 3) dialog: Si. Estuvieron muchos esperando carca de un camion militar.
37) 7) dialog: No, astuvieron muchos soldados, y el camion fue del ejercito. She says, 'No, there were man soldiers, and ic was definite 7 am army truck.’ The SCENE SHIFTS BACK as bafore. The squad piles in after the Young Man and che truck takes off. Now the SCENE APPEARS as it was when first viewed. 35 56 57.
37) 36) dialog: Relle.
53) 0) text: Below a wall portraie of Mary Baker Eddy, an elderly woman stands behind 2 couter crammed with religious literature. Horman is che only person seated at one of the many small desks lining two walls of an adjoin- ing room. He is reading his Bible. ‘The quiet is broken occasionally by the CRACK OF DISTANT THUNDER 4 preppy YOUNG MAN in a vain-spattered chino suit an- ters. He heads directly coward Horman. He clears his throat.
56) 0) text: Horman, McNally, Bech and a middle-aged WOMAN in a white doctor's jacket. Horman shows the Polaroid Piccure of Charlie. Buc it’s useless. ‘The photo elicits a single response from everybody: a nega- sive shake of the head. 82 a3 84 83. McNALLY (to Woman) Ts that it?
56) 1) dialog: Yes, except for Los Pardidos. The ones with no names.
56) 3) dialog: Below, in the basement.
57) 0) text: The "no names" are a Sei ghteningly disoriented group. Some are saverely injured, others ambulatory. McNally and the Woman wait at the door while Horman and Bech enter the ward. Horman holds the photograph absently againse his chesc, trying to select a pacienc he might question. Beth floacs away from him in a peculiarly indecisive agony. [c's as if Charles, his suffering, and her own Suffering during this Kafka- esque odyssey after her phantom husband, are cruelly realized in the unremiccing anguish of these broken citizens. Withour a word, they recur slowly to McNally and che Woman, INT. ANOTHER HOSPITAL - Day 83 Another negative shake of the head ac Charles's photo. And it's seill raining. EXT./INT. A MENTAL HOSPITAL - LATE AFTERNOON a4 The insticucion is located on the bank cf a rain- swollen river. The interior is dark and grim and very gothic. The rooms are tiny -- virtually wichour furnicure -- and lit by a naked bulb -- Gas cing down a glaring Light that accentuates the haunted faces of the inmates. Horman, Beth and McNally go from room tc room, accou- panied by a stubby lictle man. as 36
58) 0) text: The corpse of a man is floating past in the swift cur- rent -- one atm frozen in death above his head. Beth stares at the river. Horman steadies her. The inmates press forward, bubbling with delighc. INT. HOSPITAL EMERGENCY WARD - Day 86 The room stinks with crippled humanity, horrendous cacophony. a5. Horman and Beth stand at the entrance while McNally queries a nurse at ab.g. desk. A soldier enters, prodding an injured woman along with his rifle. Passing Bech, the woman trips and collapses. Beth dreps instinctively to one knee, and starts to scoop her arms beneath the woman. But the soldier thrusts his gum between them, jamming the sight into Beth's shoulder, Before Beth can react, Horman lunges, gtabs the gun barrel, and yanks ic away. The soldier. jerks back on his weapon, and he and Horman lock eyes, Ed still holding on,
66) 0) text: The small, dark room is jammed with cast-off fumi- tura, bales of papers, official records. A fortyish blonde WOMAN mending a blouse occupies the only chair. A YOUNG 20Y lies on a cot, reading a Spider- man comic. 97. Near the door, Horman, Beth and Reese are talking to a chin, wiry little MAN who projects both cocky concrol and ‘explosive tension. Horman asked if his son were alive:
73) 24) dialog: I'm very sorry, siz, but Mr. Tall : is out of the country cill Monday. Horman stands across a desk from the Woman. On the wall behind her glicters a huge brass Ford Foundacion Plaque. 4 door opens and a young MAN appears, asking poliraly: 122 122.
78) 0) text: Many people mill around. Most are relatives and friends of people being interrogated. Their faces are tensed anxiously. ANGRY SHOUTS come from one room: a woman and a young girl outside the room strain to hear through the iz. Borman follows the Man into an office up the corsidor. INT. THE OFFICE - pay 130 The Man points to a Phone lying on a counter. Horman picks ic up. .