44) 0) text: Built on pilings with a panoramic view of the bay. Korda waiting behind the door as Clarence enters. He seizes Cla from behind and slams him against the wall and spins him  around. Hot coffee soaks the front of Clarence's shirt.
44) 2) text: Clarence is scared. He offers no defense.
44) 4) dialog: So that we could get the best price.  He's got respect for you. He's gonna  try to lowball me, Mike.
44) 5) text: Korda tosses Clarence down onto the cot.
44) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, Mike. I never heard of  LaMarra flipping on anyone before.  He said he had the cops paid off.  Antonucci never flipped on anyone  before. He had the cops paid off.
44) 9) dialog: What happened, Mike.
44) 11) text: Tears start to come to Clarence's eyes.
44) 12) dialog: I'm sorry, Mike.
44) 13) text: Clarence sincerely feels bad. It's kind of touching in a  twisted way. Korda moves over to the window to keep from  striking Clarence again. He looks off across the bay.
44) 15) dialog: I got a couple thousand bucks. You  could leave town.
44) 17) text: Clarence watches Korda warily. Things are beginning to ad up in his head.
44) 18) dialog: Did you kill him, Mike?
44) 19) text: Korda turns to Clarence with a penetrated stare that answ the question. Clarence is shaken by that. He starts to wh again.
44) 20) dialog: I'm sorry, Mike. I'm really sorry...
44) 21) text: We're talking major fear here... Korda moves to him and we think he's going to bash him ar again, but, surprisingly, he hugs Clarence's head against his chest.
44) 23) text: Tears of relief from Clarence.
112) 0) text: Clarence Teal, Korda's cousin sits in front of the plexig wall. He's edgy, fidgety. Clarence doesn't like to make v to jail. Korda, wearing prison clothes, is led in by a guard. Kord takes a seat at the other side of the plexiglass wall and picks up the receiver. Clarence picks up his receiver.
112) 1) dialog: How ya doin', man?
112) 4) text: Clarence is totally unnerved by this request.
112) 5) dialog: Hey, Michael, that's not my thing.
112) 8) dialog: Man, what's this about? Ya know, you  were robbing a store. It wasn't  personal. It was his job.
112) 14) text: Clarence is getting very upset.
112) 15) dialog: Don't make do it, Mike.
112) 17) dialog: I won't get away with it.
112) 19) text: Clarence holds back tears, because he knows he's going to have to do this.
127) 0) text: She turns off the timer and pulls some chicken out of the oven. She puts it down on the counter and cross to the  refrigerator. She opens the door and looks inside. The  refrigerator door obscures half the FRAME... She digs aro for something... We're sure that when she closes the door he's going to be behind it... She takes out a head of let and... Closes the door... Still no one there. She turns... Clarence is standing there. Dripping wet. Ro shrieks... The knife flashes forward... She grabs the lid from the sauce pan and CLANG... Fends off the blade. She  bolts for the hallway. Clarence grabs her by the blouse.. RIP! She pulls away.
129) 0) text: A QUICK SHOT of Clarence's hand grabbing the knife.
132) 0) text: Raining more heavily now. Roper bursts out onto the back  porch. Sees Clarence leaping off the last rung of the fir escape to the alley. Roper flies down the fire escape...  Vaults the last flight and races after Clarence.
133) 0) text: Clarence sprints down the block... Through the intersecti HONK! SCREECH! A car barely misses him. It does a one-eig on the rain-slick pavement. Clarence disappears into the  shadows. Roper arrives a beat later... Streaks through th intersection... Into the shadows.
134) 0) text: This one is steep. Clarence huffs and puffs as he labors. shoots into a doorway. Tries the door. Locked. He looks b Roper is coming. Relentless. He rushes across the steep  street. Almost slips on the reflective asphalt. Roper spo him crossing and picks up the pace. He can see that Clare is faltering.
135) 0) text: Narrow, dark and dripping with rain. Roper arrives at the mouth of the alley. Gun ready, he moves cautiously, eyes  adjusting to the darkness. The PATTER of rain off the  rooftops. His FOOTSTEPS. No other sound. He reaches the end of the alley... A brick wall. No way o Or so it would seem. However, Clarence is nowhere in sigh Roper turns back. Brick walls tower on both sides, rising into darkness. Roper checks a steel door. Locked. He chec another one on the opposite side of the alley. Also locke Where did Clarence go? He moves back toward the misting l of the street... Slowly... The FAINT RATTLE of a fire escape... And Clarence leaps d out of the shadow. Slashing with the knife. He catches Ro across the arm. Rips through his clothes right down to the skin. Roper's CLATTERS under a parked car and into the street. Clarence has first jump. He scrambles into the street, around the and grabs the gun... Roper dives over the hood of the car and knocks Clarence  down before he can aim. They roll into the middle of the  street. Both have a death grip on the weapon. Clarence fi like a trapped animal. Thrashing desperately. Roper pins on his back, but can't pry the gun out of his fingers.
135) 1) text: Headlights radiate over the crest of the hill. Coming qui Roper sees this. He rolls out of the way, abandoning the  battle for the gun. Clarence struggles to his knees. Turn the weapon on Roper... A speeding cab lunges over the top the hill. Clarence turns, trapped in the searing headligh Tires squeal. Brakes lock. Clarence is transfixed... WHAM He's launched through the air like a ragdoll... His body  lands limply 30 feet down the street. The CABBY gets out his vehicle.
135) 5) text: Roper ignores the cabby. He looks down at Clarence's body contemplating something.
135) 10) text: Roper stares at Clarence's body, steel-eyed.