7) 0) text: A tense situation. A wild-eyed, white punk, fuck-up of a  BANK ROBBER, EARL, is holding a pretty, young TELLER arou the neck with a cocked gun held to her temple. The other bank employees are cowering on the floor. A few are giving aid to the wounded bank guard who is half-cons and oozing blood from his side. Roper strolls right through the front door and walks towa Earl, very sociable.
7) 2) text: Earl swipes the donuts out of Roper's hand and starts fri Roper for weapons with his free hand. The other hand stil has the gun poised at the young teller's head.
7) 4) text: Roper smiles reassuringly at the pretty teller. It seems help. Earl finishes patting Roper down, straightens back and puts his hand around the teller's neck.
7) 5) dialog: Where's the car?
7) 15) dialog: HEY, SHUT UP!
7) 16) text: Earl wags his gun against the Teller's ear.
7) 17) dialog: Do you want me to start killing  people?!
7) 20) dialog: Then where's my FUCKING car!
7) 21) text: Earl is pouring sweat. His gun hand is shaking uncontroll
7) 23) text: Roper keeps his eyes locked on Earl. His voice is calm.
7) 27) dialog: Debbie's brains are going to be  splattered all over the floor if I  don't see a car in five minutes!
7) 28) text: Roper takes a long look at Earl. The guy is a hair trigge
7) 30) text: Earl glances at the army of cop cars poised outside. Refl for a moment on the reality of the situation.
7) 31) dialog: What are my chances of getting out  of here?
7) 38) text: Earl is encouraged by that.
7) 39) dialog: Really?
7) 41) text: Roper looks directly into Earl's eyes.
7) 46) dialog: Hey, leave him alone. What are you  doing?
7) 49) text: Earl is unsure what to do, but he guesses an oath is an o He lets Roper drag the guard to the door.
7) 51) text: Earl compliantly moves the gun away from the teller's hea then re-thinks and jerks it back against her temple.
8) 2) text: (NOTE: The method of disarming Earl is still to be determ Jennings inconspicuously pulls his gun out and slips it t him. Roper quickly cocks it and shoves it in his waistban under his shirt and vest.
9) 0) text: Earl watches Roper through the window. He can only see Ro back. He's getting very agitated.
9) 1) dialog: (yelling) HEY, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING OUT  THERE!
9) 2) text: The two cops hustle off with the wounded guard, and Roper calmly walks back into the bank. Stops about five paces f Earl.
9) 6) text: Earl squeezes the gun even tighter against the side of he head.
9) 7) dialog: Take the old guy.
9) 10) dialog: Am I gettin' the car?
9) 12) text: Earl thinks about it, his gun hand twitching. He points a two of the female employees cowering against the counter.
9) 13) dialog: Take them.
11) 4) text: Earl looks like he's right on the edge.
11) 5) dialog: What?!
11) 7) text: Earl thinks about that for a beat...
11) 9) text: Roper turns around, starts walking again. He keeps his ey focused on the reflection of Earl in the front window of bank.
11) 11) dialog: Automatic.
11) 13) text: In one swift motion, Roper turns, aims and FIRES!... One SHOT. It tears into Earl's shoulder. One inch from  Debbie's neck. Earl is blown back against the counter. De shrieks at the top of her lungs. SWAT guys pour in from every entrance. YELLING for everyb to "GET DOWN"! Pointing guns. They pounce on Earl.
11) 14) dialog: I give up! I give up!
13) 0) text: Roper is exiting the bank and putting back on his gun whe he hears the sound of a CAMERA SHUTTER. He turns to see  VERONICA (RONNIE) TATE holding the camera. She snaps one Roper with Earl in the b.g. being placed in a squad car.
141) 0) text: McCall moves slowly across the tar paper roof. Clouds ove threaten rain. Vet 1 turns to him suddenly, wobbling the  wheelchair. Vet 2 shrieks and nearly goes over. McCall's  heart jumps into his mouth.
190) 0) text: But Korda bends down, picking up the BAG, stepping back a from Roper, clearly out of McCall's line of fire.