14) 7) dialog: Randall’s a foot soldier. It must be a shit deal.
14) 10) dialog: I told you I’d come in later.
14) 12) dialog: Someone shorted 200 mill worth of mortgage bonds?
14) 14) dialog: How much total? 25 INT. MICHAEL BURRY’S FUND OFFICE - DAY 25 Michael Burry is on the phone with Lawrence Fields.
17) 2) dialog: Mark Baum had built a career on never assuming anyone or any company was legit without proving it. When he was a kid he excelled at studying the Talmud in Yeshiva. That was great. But one day the Rabbi told his Mom why-
18) 8) dialog: Later Baum started his own fund on Wall Street. He had an amazing nose for bullshit and wasn’t afraid to let everyone know when and where the bull had gone number 2. But then a tragedy happened to Mark that turned his world view dark and ready to believe the whole system was a lie.
24) 3) dialog: Because he didn’t kiss the ring of the people with the check books Mark Baum had to set up his fund under Morgan Stanley’s umbrella. His small team reflected Mark's distrust of the system.
24) 6) dialog: Vinny Daniel: Mark’s numbers guy. Vinny lost his Father to violent crime when he was young. Just like Mark he didn’t talk about it.
24) 9) dialog: Porter Collins: former Olympic rower who went to Brown. He had worked with Baum at a previous firm and couldn’t figure out why no one listened to Baum, the guy with all the good ideas.
24) 12) dialog: And Danny Moses: the optimist of the bunch. And a hell of a trader, which is why they tolerated the optimism.
25) 0) text: Jared Vennett, his Chinese Quantitative Analyst, TED JIAN and a Deutsche YOUNG SALES REP stand and sit in front of room. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 31. Mark, Porter, Vinny and Danny listen to the bond trader's spiel, which is condescending and very sharp. The Deutsche Rep hands out hard copies.
25) 2) dialog: A few. And there’s definitely some interest.
25) 3) text: SAYING “NO” “GET LOST JARED” “YOU’RE HIGH” ETC.
26) 2) dialog: Look, some people have called me in to just laugh at me on this deal. Is that what this is?
26) 4) dialog: Okay, here we go... On the table is a JENGA GAME of stacked wooden blocks. On side of the blocks is written the ratings of the tiers AA AA, BBB, BB, and B. JARED VENNETT (CONT’D) This is a basic mortgage bond. The original ones were simple, thousands of AAA mortgages bundled together and sold with a guarantee from the US government. But the modern day ones are private and are made up of layers of tranches, with the AAA highest rated getting paid first and the lowest, B rated getting paid last and taking on defaults first. (MORE )
26) 5) text: He throws BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 31a. JARED VENNETT (CONT’D) Obviously if you’re buying B levels you can get paid more. Hey, they’re risky, so sometimes they fail... one of the B blocks into a TRASH CAN.
26) 6) dialog: But somewhere along the line these B and BB level tranches went from risky to dog shit. I’m talking rock bottom Fico scores, no income verification, adjustable rates... Dog shit. Default rates are already up from 1 to 4 percent. If they rise to 8 percent, and they will, a lot of these BBB's are going to zero.
26) 8) text: Jared chucks another B block and a BB in the garbage.
26) 9) dialog: And that, my friends, is an opportunity.
26) 11) dialog: Jiang is my quant. Look at him, he doesn't even speak English. He won a national math competition in China. China. Yeah I’m sure of the math. to camera.
26) 14) dialog: With something called a credit default swap. It’s like insurance on the bond. And if it goes bust you can make a 10 to 1, even 20 to 1 return. And it’s already slowly going bust. But no one’s paying attention cause all the banks are busy getting paid obscene amounts of fees selling these bonds. Basically I'm standing in front of a burning house and offering you fire insurance on it. Danny's trying to get his head around Jared’s numbers.
26) 16) dialog: No one knows what's in these bonds. I've seen some that are 65% AAA rated that are actually full of 95 percent subprime shit with Ficos below 550.
26) 18) dialog: And now get ready to really have your mind blown. I just discovered this treat...
26) 20) dialog: ...-when the market deems some bond too risky to buy, what do you think happens to it? We just warehouse them on our books?! No. They get repackaged, with a whole bunch of other shit that didn't sell, into a cDO.
26) 22) dialog: A collateralized debt obligation. A C-D-O. We put a bunch of unsold B, BB or BBB bonds together, when the pile gets large enough, the whole thing's considered diversified and the whores at the ratings agencies rate it 92, 93% AAA. No questions asked.
26) 24) dialog: The Collateralized debt obligation. It’s important to understand because it’s what allowed a housing crisis to become a nation wide economic disaster. So here is world famous chef Anthony Bourdain to explain. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 34. 40 INT. CHEF’S KITCHEN - DAY 40 In a high end professional kitchen ANTHONY BOURDAIN opens fridge with a bunch of fish in it.
26) 28) dialog: Institutions treat these CDOs like they’re as solid as treasury bonds and these things are going to zero.
26) 33) dialog: They would and they did. My whole department is long this stuff. The pricks are calling me Chicken Little and Bubble boy. But when reality hits the idiots in my department won’t be laughing. He starts pulling blocks out of the CDO and MBS towers an throwing them in the garbage.
26) 34) dialog: Triple B’s? Zero. Double B's? Zero. B's? Zero. On this last one, the table shakes... both towers collaps
26) 35) dialog: Then that happens.
26) 37) dialog: That is Aermcia’s housing market.
29) 27) dialog: For Jamie and Charlie , the housing market doomsday prediction was music to their ears.
30) 1) dialog: They had started working out of Jamie's garage with 110 thousand Jamie had saved taking sailboats up and down the east coast. Their strategy was simple and brilliant...
30) 4) dialog: And Jamie and Charlie found banks will sell options very cheaply on things they think will never ever happen. When they were wrong, they were wrong small. But when they were right, they were right big. Within a a few years they had turned their 110 grand into 30 million. But then it was time to go to NYC. And so far, it wasn’t going well.
32) 1) dialog: Ben Rickert was a former trader in Singapore for Chase who had quit the whole game in disgust. He happened to be Jamie’s neighbor when they were in Colorado and they met walking dogs. But Ben was dark. He didn’t just think the whole system would fail, he thought the whole world was going down.
33) 6) dialog: Ben had real experience in a big bank. Jamie and Charlie had never even been in a Manhattan bank bathroom. But Ben was done with the banking world. He was very clear.
54) 0) text: Jared Vennett is running on a treadmill when the phone ri BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 59.
54) 1) dialog: (on his cell) Is this America's angriest hedge fund?
54) 3) dialog: Starting to believe my own hype.
55) 3) dialog: Hold on.
56) 0) text: Jared steps away from a few guys working out.
56) 1) dialog: Swaps are a dark market. That means I set the price. Whatever price I want. When you come back for your pay day I'll rip your eyes out and make a fortune. The good news for you is you'll make so much you won’t care. Plus your boss has a big mouth and I need people to know about this trade so my superiors don’t think it’s an esoteric waste of time and I can keep selling it. Static. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 59A.
56) 6) dialog: Anytime. (then) What's it gonna be? You want me to make you a market?
57) 11) dialog: I‘ll be honest. I don’t love that these losers are saying I missed something but the truth is they’re right. The CDOs were a hundred times worse than even I imagined. Let’s go back to Bourdain’s seafood stew so we’re all on the same page.
72) 0) text: Jared Vennett is seated in the conference room. Mark, Vin Danny and Porter are SCREAMING AT HIM. He is amazingly ca and even CHECKS HIS PHONE at one point.
72) 2) dialog: You guys done?
72) 6) dialog: Listen, I told you when we did this deal the ratings agencies, the SEC and the big banks are clueless. So now their foot’s on fire and they think their steak is done and you're surprised?
72) 8) dialog: Hey, if you can tell me the difference between stupid and illegal I’1l have my wife’s brother arrested. Danny laughs. Everyone glares at him. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 72a.
72) 10) dialog: I just don’t think you guys realize how clueless the system is. (MORE )
72) 12) dialog: Yeah, there’s shady shit happening but trust me, it’s all fueled by stupidity. Face it, as cynical as you all are I think you still have a shred of respect left for the powers that be.
72) 14) dialog: Okay, except Vinny.
74) 1) dialog: Yeah, Vegas. The American Securitization Forum. It’s next week. Every bond and CDO salesman, subprime lender and swap trader in the country will be there. I’m telling you, your bet is against dumb money. I think it’s time you meet that dumb money.
74) 22) dialog: Hello gentlemen. My assistant Chris has your room keys. I trust your travel was uneventful?
74) 24) dialog: They'll be plenty of face time. But remember, we’re here to gather info, not advertise our short position. We don’t want to spook anyone. Got it? The group still checking out the crowded lobby.
74) 25) dialog: Seriously. Mark, you've got a very loud mouth. Can you muzzle it for a few days?
74) 27) dialog: Yes.
76) 16) dialog: The fucker really did this.
82) 0) text: MUSIC: Traditional Japanese string version of something l LIONEL RITCHIE’S EASY BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 85A. A tranquil waterfall out of plate glass windows. Jared wa in with Mark and his team.
82) 1) dialog: Alight Mark Baum from Frontpoint Partners... You’re nervous you and your swaps are being played? Now you get to meet who you’re betting against. Try not to get too righteous and listen for once. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 86.
82) 17) dialog: Uh-oh. Your boss is about to explode.
82) 27) dialog: If the flawed mortgage bonds that Michael Burry discovered were the match. And the CDOs Jamie and Charlie bet against were the kerosene soaked rags... Then the synthetic CDO was the atomic bomb with a drunk President holding his finger over the button. At that moment Mark Baum realized the whole world economy might collapse. (MORE )
82) 30) dialog: But I’m sure you’re wondering one thing: what the hell is a “synthetic CDO?” Well here is Dr. Richard Thaler, the father of Behavioral Economics and international pop star Selena Gomez to explain.
84) 5) dialog: The collateral calls could bankrupt you.
97) 0) text: Jared enters a bathroom, pushes a BANKER OUT THE DOOR.
97) 1) dialog: The gods have spoken. No one’s buying CDO or mortgage bonds anymore. (To the guy he’s pushing out) Sorry, important call! (then back to Mark) Our secret's out. Swaps are now the most valuable product on the street. And I heard from someone who heard from someone that Bennie Leibman over at Morgan just took some heavy losses in Morgan's bond department. Your ship might be taking on water... It might be time to grab a life jacket. Mark hangs up. Everyone's looking his direction.
107) 1) dialog: As the housing markets and banks continued to hemorrhage only one of the big shorts refused to sell: Mark Baum. So it was beyond perfect when he was asked to speak at a conference opposite Bruce Miller, a famous bullish investor. After he and Mark had their debate, Alan Greenspan, one of the architects of the whole crisis was scheduled to speak. Everyone in Mark’s office showed up and even invited friends.... This was Ali versus Foreman of the financial world... The realist versus the fools. If it seems almost too perfect, trust me, this happened. And it was beautiful. A podium waits for Greenspan. Beside it are 3 chairs with HOST, BRUCE MILLER, ruddy and confident and a sloppily- dressed Mark Baum. Vinny's in the front row.
127) 0) text: Inscrutable, Jared Vennett considers a BONUS LETTER on hi desk. He talks to camera.
127) 1) dialog: (to camera) I can’t really say it to anyone else, but I’1ll say it to you: I was right. I took a rash of shit for the past two years but I was right. His bonus for 2008 is $47,000,000.
127) 2) dialog: Hey I never said I was the hero of this story. He kisses the check.
127) 3) dialog: I can feel you judging me... Remember, I made this bank 20 billion. My two bosses lost 30 billion and still got fifty million in bonuses. You didn’t see that on your news did you?
128) 7) dialog: But Mark was wrong. In the years that followed 100’s of bankers and rating’s agency executives went to jail. The SEC was completely overhauled.
128) 11) dialog: And Congress had no choice but to break up the big banks and regulate the mortgage and derivatives industries. (Beat) Just kidding.
128) 15) dialog: The banks took the money the American people gave them and used it to lobby the Congress to kill big reform. And then America blamed immigrants and poor people. And this time... even teachers. (MORE )
128) 17) dialog: And when all was said and done, only one single banker went to jail. PICTURE OF THE ONE BANKER WHO WENT TO JAIL.
128) 18) dialog: This poor schmuck. Kareem Serageldin from Credit Suisse. He hid a few billion in mortgage bond losses. Something most of the big banks do on a good day. I’m sure it didn’t hurt that he was of Egyptian decent...