0) 1) dialog: In the late seventies banking was not a job you went into to make large sums of money. It was a good stable profession like selling insurance or accounting. And if banking was boring then the bond department at a bank was downright comatose. We all know about bonds, give em to your nephew when he turns 16 and then we he’s thirty he makes a hundred dollars. Yawn. Bonds were for losers. That is, until Lewis Ranieri came on the scene at Solomon Brothers... MUSIC: Some great 70’s ballad like KISS YOU ALL OVER by E We see an even schlubbier version of the other Bond Trade emerge. His suit is rumpled, he has a mustard stain on hi shirt from a soft pretzel he’s eating and he is easily seventy pounds over weight. This is LEWIS RENIERI. And th his world is obscure, he is the shit. Our NARRATOR the MODERN TRADER passes through the scene f second, dressed in modern clothes... Lewis greets his Bond Department with obscenities barked through his patchy beard and glasses.
0) 2) dialog: You see Lewis didn’t know it yet, but he had already changed banking forever. He had just one simple idea...
2) 0) text: The Bond Traders are partying at a strip club throwing dollars everywhere and boozing. It disgusting and fun as and none of these guys will live past 60.
2) 1) dialog: Lewis and his band of foul mouthed bond traders took a sleepy department and made it the most profitable on Wall Street. Pretty soon stocks and savings were almost inconsequential to the big banks. They were doing 50, 100, 200 billion in mortgage bonds and dozens of other securities a year.
3) 1) dialog: And America barely noticed as it’s number one industry became boring old banking. Then one day... (MORE )
3) 4) dialog: almost thirty years later... in 2008... It all came crashing down.
3) 14) dialog: In the end Lewis Ranieri’s Mortgage Backed Security mutated into a monstrosity that collapsed the whole world economy. And none of the experts or leaders or talking heads had a clue it was coming. I’m guessing most of you still don’t really know what happened. Yeah, you got a sound bite you repeat so you don’t sound dumb but come on... WE FADE TO BLACK.
3) 15) dialog: But there were some who saw it coming... While the whole world was having a big ol’ party, a few outsiders and weirdos saw what no one else could. Not me, I’m not a weirdo. I’m pretty cool. We’1l meet later. These outsiders saw the giant lie at the heart of the economy. And they saw it by doing something the rest of the suckers never thought to do: they looked. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 6.
7) 41) dialog: Mortgage backed securities, subprime loans, tranches... Pretty confusing right? Does it make you feel bored? Or stupid? Well, it’s supposed to. Wall Street loves to use confusing terms to make you think only they can do what they do. Or even better, for you to leave them the fuck alone. So here’s Scarlett Johansson under a water falls to explain...
14) 2) dialog: Hey Randall, what’s with the Dom? Bonuses aren’t for three months.
14) 4) dialog: I didn’t know there were swaps on mortgages!
14) 6) dialog: Hey Jared! Did you hear about the deal Randall did with some fund manager? For the first time we see the Modern Trader, JARED VENNET 32. He’s smart, a bit slick with a slight Jheri curl and wears a sharp suit. HE’S OUR NARRATOR.
14) 9) dialog: No, it’s for real. Jared LOOKS AT CAMERA.
14) 11) dialog: Apparently this guy wanted 200 mill in credit default swaps on mortgage bonds! Randall made the sale. Can you believe it?! BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 19.
14) 13) dialog: That was just with Deutsche. Word is he hit half the town!
25) 0) text: Jared Vennett, his Chinese Quantitative Analyst, TED JIAN and a Deutsche YOUNG SALES REP stand and sit in front of room. BUFF REVISED, MAY 11, 2015 31. Mark, Porter, Vinny and Danny listen to the bond trader's spiel, which is condescending and very sharp. The Deutsche Rep hands out hard copies.