0) 2) dialog: Look. (CONTINUED)
0) 9) dialog: She can't hear youl
0) 44) dialog: (No break) As long as there's the least chance. For her to see. Or hear, or --
0) 46) dialog: I think, with your permission, Captain, I'd like to write to the Perkins School.
0) 50) dialog: We won't know that; to be a fact, Captain, until afLLer you write. 13. HELEN NOW IS GROPING AMONG THING.' ON FELL ER t S DES PAWS HIS PAPERS TO THE FLOOR. KJ MLIM IS EXASPERATED.
0) 56) dialog: (Staring up) What?
0) 60) dialog: Do you dare? Complain of what 0 you can see?
0) 66) dialog: Eyes? HELEN nods energetically. She wants the doll to have eyes. Another kind of silence now, while KATE takes pins and buttons from the sewing basket and attaches them to the doll as eyes. KELLER stands, caught, and watches morosely, AUNT EV blinks and conceals her emotion by inspecting her dress.
0) 68) dialog: She doesn't know better, Aunt Ev. I'll sew them on again.
0) 70) text: 40 It's worth a couple of buttons, Kate, look. HELEN now has the doll with eyes, and cannot contain herself for joy; she rocks the doll, pats it vigorously, kisses it. This child has more sense than all these men Kellers, if there's ever any way to reach that mind of hers.
0) 76) dialog: Helen, Helen, you're not to do such things, how can I make you
0) 79) dialog: How can I get it into your head, my darling, my poor --
0) 81) dialog: (FLARING)
0) 84) dialog: Then whose? I don't know what to dot How can I teach her, beat her -- until she's black and blue?
0) 86) dialog: Where, in a cage? She's a growing child, she has to use her limbs!
0) 91) text: Are you willing to put her away? Now HELEN'S face darkens in the same rage as at herself earlier, and her hand strikes at KATE'S lips. KATE catches her again, and HELEN begins to kick, struggle, twist.
0) 93) dialog: She wants to talk, like -- be like you and me. She holds HELEN struggling until we HEAR from the child her first sound so far, an inarticulate weird noise in her throat such as an animal in a trap might make; and KATE releases her. The second she is free, HELEN blunders away collides violently with a chair, falls, and sits weeping. KATE comes to her, embraces, caresses soothes her, and buries her own face in her hair, until she can control her voice.
0) 94) dialog: Every day she slips further away. I don't know how to call her back.