1) 228) text: The next photo is that of a beautiful young woman.  Joey it over.  Gummed on the back is a type-written slip that COTTON, KIRSTY  CASE NO.  5719.
1) 259) text: Spread out over the desk are various documents - the phot Kirsty, the diagram of the box, type-written transcripts and a scratch-pad on which Joey has scrawled several numb
1) 605) text: The blackness on the monitors gives way to multiple image KIRSTY, the girl in the picture in the antique store.
1) 606) text: The video image is primitive, shot with a non-professiona camcorder, and is a simple medium long-shot of Kirsty, dr in a simple white smock, sitting in a hospital room.
1) 607) text: Kirsty addresses the camera directly, though occasionally up to the side as if speaking to an unseen doctor.
1) 608) text: INTERCUT through Kirsty's monologue between: A single mon image, the wall of monitors, and the watching and listeni Joey.
1) 610) dialog: (on video) I don't know what the Box is.  But I know what it does.  I ...    (looks up to side)     I've said all this before. Do you ...    (blinks, nods, as if listening.  Looks back to camera)  I saw it open.  I opened it.  I saw what came out.  I don't know what else to call them.  Demons.  Demons live in the box. Or come through the box from somewhere else.  It's a gateway to Hell.  Or the South Bronx.     (smiles ruefully at her own joke.  Looks up to side as if chastised for kidding around.  Nods. Continues)     I know you don't believe me.  I know what it sounds like.  But what else ... Jesus, talk to Ronson, talk to the other cops.  They saw the house.  They saw my ... my father ...
1) 611) text: Kirsty breaks down into sobs.
1) 618) text: When the image returns, Kirsty is smoking a cigarette to calm her.
1) 626) dialog: (on video) Solving the puzzle means opening the box.  Opening the box means opening doors.  And there are some doors you don't want to open.  And it may be metaphorical to you, Doctor, but you haven't had some blue-faced bastard come at you with hooks and chains.  It isn't delusion, it isn't psychosis.  It's reality.  It's reality.     (Pause. Long drag on the cigarette?)   Maybe not this reality ... but there are others. I've seen them.
1) 627) text: Joey's face shows horrified fascination at Kirsty's story There is a conviction in the telling which is working on
1) 745) text: As Kirsty speaks, INTERCUT between Joey and the monitors.
1) 747) dialog: (Looks to side)  Again?  (Shrugs. Looks back at camera)  The box.  I don't know where it came from.  I don't know who made it or why.  I only know what it does.  It hurts.  It hurts.   (Looks off to side as if listening.)  How?  (Looks back)  I don't know.  It kind of opens itself.  Your fingers move.  You learn. It wants to open, that's the thing.  And it knows when you want to open it.  And it helps.  And it opens.  And then they come.  The Cenobites.  The demons.
1) 750) text: Multiple images of Kirsty speaking those last few lines.
1) 758) text: The man - ELLIOTT - stares directly out of the monitor sc and, just as Kirsty finishes her last line ("The cenobite demons."), he speaks (in an English accent).
1) 762) text: Kirsty is back on that monitor, just like all the others.
1) 764) dialog: Look, you can have me tell this ...
1) 766) text: Kirsty's voice plays OFF as Joey stares.
1) 768) dialog: ...  as often as you want.  There's not going to be any breakthrough.  You might think it's delusion, but it's not.  I saw them.  I looked into their eyes and they looked back at me.  Creatures from Hell.