24) 15) text: He meanders to the door like a Cocoon II cast member and opens the door.  COLLEEN SUTTON stands in a striking pose at the door.  Behind her in the street is a blue limousin and a driver. The very attractive Colleen belongs to the genre of rich people that has seen it all, every piece of decadence perpetuated.  Nothing fazes her, even the chilling sight of a just-woke-up Ford.
24) 16) dialog: Ford Fairlane, I'm Colleen Sutton and I need your help.  I have a problem and it pertains to the music industry.  What is it they call you?  Mr. Rock and...
24) 18) dialog: Please.
24) 19) text: Ford takes a carton of orange juice from the coffee table He shakes it and then pours into a pretty used-looking glass also from the coffee table.  He hands it to the deadpan Colleen.
24) 21) dialog: Mr. Fairlane, I'm very rich.  The kind of rich that warps minds. Nothing offends me.  When I was eleven, I walked in on my father and the Shetland pony he had given me for my tenth birthday. Does that excite you?
24) 23) text: Colleen looks down to Ford's crotch.  Ford does the same and then raises his head with a laugh.
24) 25) dialog: Who's your decorator?
24) 27) dialog: Fag?  Ass?  I'm sorry, is that a joke?
24) 29) dialog: I don't have a sense of humor, either.  Sorry.
24) 30) text: Incredibly LOUD MUSIC BLASTS through the room.  Colleen splashes orange juice all over herself, undulating in a wacky, Martin Shortesque double take.  Ford remotes off his alarm.  Colleen regains her composure with a big orange juice stain. They sit upon the couch, the dozing koala between them.
24) 32) dialog: I need you to find my little sister. She goes by the name Zuzu...
24) 34) dialog: But how did you know?  Here, take this picture...
24) 35) text: Colleen holds out the picture of Zuzu blowing a kiss.
24) 37) dialog: Excuse me?
24) 39) text: Speechless, Colleen pulls out a thick envelope.
24) 40) dialog: Five thousand should be enough to assuage any qualms you have about my family tree.
24) 42) dialog: Actually, you may take it all now.
24) 44) dialog: I have no answers.  Thanks for the stain.  Find the girl.  In the envelope are tickets to the Dorothy Chandler.  We'll chat again, then.
24) 47) dialog: Who?
24) 49) text: Colleen makes a graceful exit.  Ford pauses to get his bearings then picks up his red hotline phone.
38) 5) text: Colleen Sutton comes on the screen in killer black lin- gerie and wearing a paper Burger King crown.  She steps threateningly toward the bed, carrying a scepter.
38) 6) dialog: (on video) Queen Collie is here.
42) 0) text: The elite of Los Angeles, with impeccable tuxedoes and gowns to prove it, grandly stream into a large auditorium. Ford, holding a plastic bag of party ice over his face, stumbles through the pavilion doors in a wrinkled tuxedo. The ice bag breaks, sending ice and water down Ford's shirt.  Various snooty patrons turn to harrumph, includ- ing Colleen, who does a double take when she realizes who she is harrumphing at.
42) 1) dialog: My God, Mr. Fairlane, you look like the Fall of Saigon.
42) 3) dialog: Uh, let's go sit down.
42) 4) text: A couple of gasps rise up out of the patrons around them. Ford and Colleen feel the breeze of heads turning all around them.  They turn to see what everybody is looking at. What they are looking at is Jazz!  Gone are her glasses and businesslike dress.  She stands at the inside entrance of the pavilion in a tight, low-at-the-top- high-at-the-bottom black leather mini-dress.
42) 12) dialog: Ford, they're starting.
42) 13) text: Colleen strolls back from where she came.  Ford back- pedals to catch up with her.
43) 0) text: Male dancers wearing incredibly tight outfits that leave nothing to the imagination prance and move across the stage. Ford and Colleen take in the spectacle before them.  They speak in whispers.
43) 1) dialog: So you know about Johnny Crunch and myself.
43) 4) dialog: You want off the case, don't you?
43) 7) dialog: So you...
43) 9) dialog: Nonsense.  After what you've been through, it sounds like I owe you.
43) 11) dialog: I'll do my best.
43) 13) text: Colleen looks out to the two Armani Gunslingers, Punk and Metal, looming by the exit.
43) 14) dialog: Jonathan was such a beautiful man. No one knew him like I did... Excuse me.  I can't do this now. I'll call you tomorrow.
43) 16) text: Colleen mock-whimpers into the aisle.  Ford turns to a di nified woman seated next to him and motions to the stage.
44) 0) text: Colleen strides out of the auditorium and purposefully veers down the hall, into the ladies' room. From a seated position at the other end of the hall, Jazz frenetically pops up and pushes on her glasses.  She clac after Colleen, into the ladies' room as well.
58) 0) text: Too ultra-cool to be alive zombies, a mixture of play- tough trendoids and actual psychopaths, dressed in very black black, are packed together like burnt, sweating sardines.  A post-punk ACID CHILLER is throbbing from the SPEAKERS. An unamused Ford treads through the unsavory pack.  The crowd almost mystically parts to reveal Colleen, at a table by a window, in a violent leather ensemble, her hair slicked back. Ford sits himself down and a waiter pours him a Cappucino
58) 1) dialog: I ask you to find a girl and instead you steal a C.D. from me. Ford.  You suck.
58) 3) dialog: Zuzu Petals!  Did she have it?
58) 5) dialog: Did she tell you anything?
58) 7) dialog: Drink your cappucino, you're giving me a headache...
58) 9) dialog: If feels like it's going to explode.
58) 11) dialog: Damnit... you were right last night. Jonathan and I were into more than sex.  Along with Bobby Vomit, right after old Jack Grendel died, we took part in a scheme to rip off Grendel records... I didn't want you involved...
58) 15) dialog: We invested in these factories. In Vancouver.
58) 17) text: Ford laughs.  Colleen laughs.  They laugh louder.
58) 19) text: Suddenly serious, Ford and Colleen bound away from the table into the seething masses.
60) 0) text: Ford and Colleen exhale happily, moving through the crowd
60) 1) dialog: That was close...
60) 3) text: The clubhounds swell between them, separating them. Colleen shouts above the zombies' heads...
60) 4) dialog: I haven't told you the important part!
60) 5) text: Smiley suddenly abracadabras behind Colleen.  Her face contorts in agony and she falls.  Smiley bashes his way outward as a futile Ford twists and pushes to Colleen. A knife has been farmed in her spleen.  She croaks up her last words...
60) 6) dialog: Art Mo-o-o-ney!
76) 21) text: Ford triumphantly pulls the small toy duck from his pocket.  He frowns and throws it away, then pulls out Colleen's C.D.
76) 29) text: Jazz slides Colleen's disc in the C.D. modem.  More scrambled nonsense of a different kind appears on the screen.