13) 0) text: A RECEPTIONIST and a guard hold their hands over their ea until the sadistic SCREECHING ENDS.  Ford approaches as Johnny's anything-but-dulcet TONES croak out form a SPEAK
13) 1) dialog: Nothing like a tender ballad sung by a girl pretending to be a virgin. I'm sorry, young girls should not be out making records; they should be in, setting records making out. Naked.  On my coffee table.  Are you offended?  Well, slurp this...
14) 0) text: Ford moves into the station booth and takes a seated position behind his ranting friend, JOHNNY CRUNCH, re- vealed to be a sweating, scraggly monster.
14) 1) dialog: And don't forget, if we call and you answer the phone 'K-O-D-S is going to make me rich,' you could win a cool million.  Sexually transmittable disease jokes are coming up next hour so go get your mom.  Better yet, I'll get her...
14) 2) text: Johnny punches some buttons and wields around to Ford, TURNING DOWN his MONITORS.
14) 4) dialog: Fucking amazing, huh?  Chevy Nova, you Bensonhurst shit!  Still in La-la land.  Look at us, two rock 'n' roll dicks.  Unfortunately, only one of us is a detective.
14) 6) dialog: I don't remember any Arbor Day cards from Mr. Rock 'n' Roll Detective.
14) 8) text: Johnny pulls out a snapshot and gives it to Ford.  It's a picture of Zuzu from the opening scene, blowing Ford and the viewer a kiss.  Ford fondles it as Johnny gets up to pour two cups of Styrofoam.
14) 10) dialog: It's my daughter, man.  I know I never told you about her, but God, I love that girl.  She calls herself Zuzu Petals and she's been swallowed up by the gorgeous hell that is L.A. A fucking groupie partying with the pros.  You have to get my baby back, she's my pride and --
14) 12) dialog: What?
14) 14) text: Johnny grabs the microphone and squeals into it...
14) 15) dialog: Will you people leave me alone! I'm contemplating my life and you just won't stop listening!  Here's five in a row played at the wrong speed.
14) 16) text: Johnny punches some buttons and spins angrily to Ford.
14) 17) dialog: So...
14) 19) dialog: Just find her, man.  She's my daughter, she's my sister, she's my mother, she's some little brat I stood in line with at Taco Bell last week.  Do whatever you want with my words.  And my money.
14) 20) text: Johnny pulls out an envelope and opens it up to the soft sound of a CHOIR OF ANGELS.
14) 21) dialog: I am told it is difficult to pay the phone bill with gold chains and V.C.R.s.  There's four thousand here.
14) 23) dialog: I hope you solve the case and I know you will, because you're the best.  Ford, guys like you don't grow on trees.
14) 24) text: Johnny and Ford raise their Styrofoam cups.  This is an old joke between them.
14) 25) dialog: Here's to you...
14) 26) dialog: ... sucking my dick.
14) 27) text: Laughing away, Ford reaches for the envelope.  An unsmil- ing Johnny pulls it back and takes out a couple of bills.
14) 28) dialog: No dessert until you've finished dinner.
15) 2) dialog: I think the real question here, ma'am, is 'Are you wearing panties?'  A-a-a-h!
20) 3) dialog: (on radio) Well, it's time to sign off.  I know I get on the radio and say a lot of harsh things but I want you to know, deep down, I hate you, each and every one of you, so until tomorrow, burn in...
20) 5) dialog: Oh, my god, somebody just shot my engineer!  Oh, hey, they're doing something with my mike! Hey, I'm being electrocuted! And it hurts!
20) 6) text: Ford pulls up to the radio station, chuckling at Johnny's histrionics.  He turns OFF the RADIO and gets out of the car.
21) 0) text: Ford walks into the radio station still smiling at Johnny's screaming.  The lights in the radio station lobby are frantically blinking on and off.  Putting two and two together, Ford stops smiling.  He rushes to the reception desk.
21) 4) dialog: (on speaker) Oh-fucking-shit-my-Christ-I'm- dying!
22) 0) text: Ford bursts into the radio booth.  On the ground, with a bullet in his head, is the Engineer.  Ford crashes throug another set of doors and there, SPARKS EXPLODING out of h face and arms, is a sizzling, screaming Johnny Crunch.
23) 2) text: An assistant pulls a burnt envelope from Johnny's body, filled with charred cash.  Ford watches in pain.
24) 0) text: A smoking Ford stands starkly, wailing with his guitar in cathartic quasi-Hendrixian blasts, ruining a perfectly nice MUSICAL SEGUE ON the SOUNDTRACK. He looks down to picture, nailed to the fence before him, of a young Ford and Johnny doing silly rock star poses. Young Ford holds a cheap guitar while Johnny clutches a pair of drumsticks. Ford presses the cigarette against the photo, setting it fire and then resumes his "playing."  The Kid rolls up on his skateboard, holding his ears, breaking into Ford's so
38) 2) text: He then makes a glance to another picture on the wall. It is the same young-and-wanna-be-rock-stars picture of Johnny and Ford that Ford viewed earlier. Ford sadly blinks before looking to a gun rack on the wall that holds three shotguns.  Ford wobbles over to an entertainment system set up next to the rack.  He turns OFF the eerie rocker on the STEREO.  A video cassette marked "Collie and Me" lies on an adjoining VCR.  Ford puts the tape in.
38) 4) dialog: (on video) Where's my Queen Collie?  I need some order!