34) 2) dialog: (contemptuously amused) ... Sure.  Our name is Pain.
59) 0) text: The Punk Gunslinger and the Heavy Metal Gunslinger throw down their rifles (connected to huge silencers) in self- disgust.
71) 0) text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT PULLS OUT ON Jazz in the eerily- lit office.  The Punk Gunslinger stands behind her, pointing a gun.  The HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER sits across from her, doing the same.
73) 2) dialog: (turning to Jazz) It's a tough business...
73) 4) text: The Punk Gunslinger pushes Jazz back against the Heavy Metal Gunslinger.  The Metal Gunslinger grabs her arms while the Punk grabs her legs.  They swing Jazz back and forth three times before heaving her SMASH! through the plate GLASS WINDOW of the office.
76) 0) text: The two Gunslingers intensely load their guns.  The Punk Gunslinger looks up, then back down, and suddenly back up again with a squeal.  The sports car is coming right at t Too late to run.  The sports car sails right into the JEEP, wounding it with a loud CRUNCH. FRAT BOYS pile out of the across-the-street-parties with howls.
76) 2) text: The Frat Boys thunder towards the Jeep.  The Punk Gunslinger exhales a "This ain't my night" breath before pulling out an UZI.  He SPRAYS a line of cars parked before the fraternity, SHATTERING WINDOWS, setting off CAR ALARMS, and sending scared Frat Boys running away squealing. POLICE SIRENS can be heard in the distance.
76) 3) dialog: It's cut-our-losses time, dude.
77) 17) text: The Punk Gunslinger lifts up Ford's beloved guitar out from under a couch in the office as Smiley bolts behind Ford and holds his arms behind his back.
77) 19) dialog: Hey, that's the sound your koala bear made when we hung it.
77) 28) text: The Punk Gunslinger removes a power drill from his coat pocket and hands the cord to the Heavy Metal Gunslinger who scampers to an outlet to plug it in.  Julian takes th DRILL and turns it ON, GUNNING the power with wicked blis
77) 61) text: Grendel and the Punk Gunslinger make a brisk exit.  The Heavy Metal Gunslinger draws his gun while Smiley smiles and cracks his knuckles. For stands up and speaks whimsically...
93) 0) text: Grendel, Don, and the Punk Gunslinger stand tensely together.
93) 2) text: Julian oozes back into the club.  The Punk Gunslinger raises his silencer-gun to Don's chest... just as Jazz's Volkswagen storms into the alley.  The big bashes the Punk sending him flying over the car and crashing on the ground. Ford, Jazz, and Zuzu giddily bop out of the car.
93) 7) text: Ford, Zuzu, and Don go into the club.  A grinningly cock- sure Jazz walks around to the crumpled Punk Gunslinger, who achingly tries to crawl toward his gun.
95) 0) text: Jazz and the Punk Gunslinger crash into the Volkswagen, shoving, grappling, and kicking.  They crunch down onto the ground. The Gunslinger dives toward his gun.  But a foot steps on it.  Jazz and the Punk look up to see a quite dapper Sam the Ex-Sleaze.
95) 3) text: A dazed Punk Gunslinger leaps up and swings his fist at Sam, who catches it with one hand.
95) 7) dialog: (charging toward her) Die, whore!