7) 62) text: As the Man with Hat stutters like the fanatic he is, Ford casually knocks off his hat revealing weird streaks of red hair.  Ford smiles, turns to the bar, and takes a last sip from his shake before smashing the fountain glass into the face of the stuttering Sam, sending him off his barstool. The sleazebag leaps up like a wild animal and swings his fist at Ford.  Ford grabs onto the flying fist, stopping it dead.  Sam sharply swings his other fist around, but Ford grabs this one, too, locking them into an Arthur Murray lesson position.
7) 64) text: Ford heaves the fanatic into a nearby table.  The fanatic drops on all fours and crawls under the table.  A chuckling Ford strolls between the tables. Sam crawls out from under one table and makes under the long tablecloth of another.  The crowd has taken an activ interest, but the band continues to play.
7) 66) text: Ford lifts up the tablecloth.  The sleazebag fanatic is not there.  Ford bobs back up with a puzzled expression and puts a cigarette in his mouth. Ford brings out a lighter as the fanatic suddenly materializes behind him.  Sam grabs a huge glass candle holder from one of the tables and smashes off the end of it, causing a jagged edge.  The band stops playing as the CANDLE SIZZLES in Sam's hand.
7) 67) dialog: Last... Dance... Mr. Rock-N-Roll Detective.
7) 69) text: Sam the Sleazebag flails the jagged candleholder at Ford, who swerves away and connects with a savage kick to the groin, which Sam enjoys.
7) 70) dialog: Thank you.
7) 71) text: Sam swings out again, but this time connects with a slash to Ford's chin.  Ford is more annoyed than hurt. His solemn anger stops Sam the Sleazebag in his tracks.
9) 6) text: Ford tears the cigarette from the Kid's mother and starts to throw it away, but instead pockets it.  They approach Ford's dazzling blue namesake. Ford SQUEAKS off the CAR ALARM with a beeper and then opens up his unusually modulated trunk.  Sam the Sleazebag is seen huddled in a heap within.  Ford tosses a smashed-up Twinkie to him and recloses the trunk to frenzied screams.
9) 7) dialog: You sick fuck!
10) 1) dialog: You can't prove shit...
10) 15) dialog: I love you. (as Mr. Hyde) You sluts have no proof!
10) 20) text: Ford snaps his shears together with a giddy smile as the Ovaries move toward Sam, fiercely clutching their burritos.
10) 24) text: Ovary One reaches down O.S. and pulls down Sam's zipper. Ford whooshes down with the clippers and slices.  Ovary One pulls up a half of a burrito.
10) 26) text: A pure white Sam turns and runs into a wall, knocking himself out.
10) 34) text: The Ovaries exit, stepping over Sam.  Ford holds the Rolex like it were a cancerous worm.  Jazz laughs.
24) 23) text: Colleen looks down to Ford's crotch.  Ford does the same and then raises his head with a laugh.
38) 2) text: He then makes a glance to another picture on the wall. It is the same young-and-wanna-be-rock-stars picture of Johnny and Ford that Ford viewed earlier. Ford sadly blinks before looking to a gun rack on the wall that holds three shotguns.  Ford wobbles over to an entertainment system set up next to the rack.  He turns OFF the eerie rocker on the STEREO.  A video cassette marked "Collie and Me" lies on an adjoining VCR.  Ford puts the tape in.
71) 0) text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT PULLS OUT ON Jazz in the eerily- lit office.  The Punk Gunslinger stands behind her, pointing a gun.  The HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER sits across from her, doing the same.
95) 0) text: Jazz and the Punk Gunslinger crash into the Volkswagen, shoving, grappling, and kicking.  They crunch down onto the ground. The Gunslinger dives toward his gun.  But a foot steps on it.  Jazz and the Punk look up to see a quite dapper Sam the Ex-Sleaze.
95) 1) dialog: I used to be just like you, abusing women to hide my emotional insecurities.  I realize now that a little insecurity is good for a man.
95) 3) text: A dazed Punk Gunslinger leaps up and swings his fist at Sam, who catches it with one hand.
95) 4) dialog: You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment of your life.
95) 5) text: Sam and the Punk engage in a violent howling, wrestling match.  The Punk nails Sam with a kidney punch and then bolts toward his gun.  Jazz stands before him holding it nervously.  She lifts up her eyepatch to get better aim.
95) 9) text: Jazz EMPTIES the GUN into his chest, sending him to the ground.  Sam wearily rises up.
96) 31) dialog: Jazz!
96) 62) text: Ford looks for Jazz all around him with a confused expres sion.  The Ovaries approach, two of them have their arms wrapped around Sam the ex-sleazebag.
96) 63) dialog: I've learned my lesson, Ford. Thanks.