39) 2) text: Ford steps over to a closet and opens the door.  And there's a smiling guy in a psychedelic tie-dye shirt standing inside.  Ford quickly closes the door -- and BAM -- a hand crashes through the door and latches on to Ford's neck.  Ford beats off the arm. Ka-blam!  The smiling guy kicks the door off its hinges. Meet SMILEY:  He's muscular, and seems mean, despite the fact he has a ponytail, wears sandals, nice black gloves, and has a damn smile that never ever leaves his face.
39) 3) dialog: How's it going?
39) 4) text: Smiley's fist swooshes at Ford's head.  Ford's hand whips out of nowhere and grabs the fist in midair.
39) 6) text: Crunch!  Smiley punches Ford across the jaw with his left Ford's body careens into a dresser.  He bolts up and as he did so wow-ly in his opening scene, super-swiftly rais his arm.  Only this time the gun doesn't slide out. Ford feebly tries to reach in his sleeve to retrieve the gun but crack!  Smiley strikes again.  Ford runs to the gun rack and tries to pull out a shotgun, but it is locke Panicked, Ford yanks the entire gun rack off the wall as Smiley latches on with a nasty bear hug.  Ford FIRES off wild BLAST from one of the still-in-the-rack GUNS. The shotgun blast demolishes a Playboy centerfold and causes a BLAST of WATER to whoosh out from her remains. Smiley moves into a strangling mode while Ford's hands move down to the next gun on the rack.  Another BLAST BURSTS a hole in the other WALL. Ford FIRES OFF yet another one into the floor below him causing a devastating geyser that allows him to break away from Smiley. Water is amusingly blasting out from every angle.  Ford and Smiley battle semi-obliviously to this new added element of nature.  The water rises above their knees. Ford spins around and grabs the TV off the still-standing home entertainment center.  He SMASHES it upon Smiley's head, submerging him into the water which is now at Ford's waist.  Ford frantically scans the water like a shark attack victim, but Smiley does not emerge.
41) 0) text: Ford collapses onto the damp deck with a gasp.  The entire lower level of the boat is underwater.  Ford works himself into a standing position as Smiley ferociously resurrects from out of decktop windowcase.
41) 1) dialog: Polo.
41) 3) text: Smiley does a savage medley of punches across Ford's gut before slapping him into the deck rail.  WATER SPLASHES onto the deck as the boat goes into death throes.  Ford ungracefully makes a clinging jump onto...
41) 6) text: Smiley laughs as he places his thumb behind Ford's earlob at Ford's jawline.  This hurts... The fly bridge is the only part of the boat above water.
41) 7) dialog: Feel my thumb?  I keep it there forty seconds more and a welt develops cutting off the oxygen to your brain.  I leave.  Twenty- one minutes later, you're dead. The slowest, most painful minutes a person can experience.
41) 9) dialog: (squeezing tighter) Case closed, okay?  Thirty seconds.
41) 11) dialog: What's fine?
41) 13) dialog: Off what?  Twenty seconds...
41) 15) dialog: Oh.  One more thing.  This is personal.  I want you to tell me you're a big sissy.
41) 17) text: Smiley removes his thumb, pats Ford on the head, and then proceeds to exuberantly backstroke away.  A job well done Ford's torso is the only thing above water.  His sliding gun apparatus pings to life.  The gun finally slides into his hand.  Ford snorts and shakes his head as he dis- appears below the water.
50) 14) text: Zuzu keeps running.  She gives a glance back toward Ford as a black gloved hand thrusts out and grabs her by the neck.  The arm leads to the maliciously chipper face of Smiley. Smiley lifts Zuzu up and heaves her into a sidecar connected to a state of the art motorcycle.  With a painful crash, Zuzu lands upside-down in the sidecar. Smiley straddles the BIKE and ROCKETS off, recklessly weaving through tombstones. Panting, Ford stops running toward the motorcycle.  He changes direction and begins running... until he reaches his Fairlane.  Ford wails in anger for his tires have been punctured.  The PHONE in his car suddenly RINGS.  Ford reaches in and pulls out the portable phone.
50) 17) dialog: How's it going?  Radio station contest.  Ford, I mean really...
51) 3) dialog: Normally, I'd be up for a bullshit car chase, but I got to get up early tomorrow.
51) 4) text: Smiley looks down to his phone with a quizzical ex- pression.  In the b.g. the hearse can be seen barrelling over a hill.
51) 5) dialog: Ford, where did you go?  Don't be such a baby...
51) 9) dialog: Oh, but I am.  Dianetics, Ford.  You should try it.
51) 11) text: Ford super-swiftly raises his arm activating the sliding gun apparatus.  The gun sails out of his sleeve, past his hand, out of his car, and over Smiley who rightfully laug
51) 12) dialog: Thanks, but I have my own.
51) 13) text: Smiley pulls a serious GUN from his coat and BLASTS away. Ford steers off as the BULLETS shower into his hood.
51) 21) dialog: Your mom is special.  I look forward to raping her at your funeral.
51) 29) text: Entertained, Smiley FIRES his GUN at the hearse.  Ford swerves around behind the motorcycle to Smiley's side. Zuzu loops her purse around her neck and then, with a devilish grin, she stands up in the sidecar.  Smiley watches incredulously as Zuzu jumps from the sidecar onto the motorcycle between his legs and then, after blowing a kiss, into the open passenger window of the hearse. A disoriented Smiley swerves off onto a sidewalk, zipping past freaked out pedestrians.
52) 0) text: A weirded-out Smiley turns from his bizarre driver to look before him.  His smile turns into a grimace.
54) 0) text: The bodies of Smiley and the Voluptuous Woman fly through the WINDSHIELD and sail into the GLASS roof of the Cafe. Smiley smashes into the floor while the voluptuous woman crashes down onto a birthday cake atop a table surrounded by aghast yuppies. The Voluptuous Woman awakens with a purr...
54) 2) text: Ford's portable PHONE rests peacefully next to Smiley's crumpled body.  It RINGS.  Smiley achingly picks up.
60) 5) text: Smiley suddenly abracadabras behind Colleen.  Her face contorts in agony and she falls.  Smiley bashes his way outward as a futile Ford twists and pushes to Colleen. A knife has been farmed in her spleen.  She croaks up her last words...
61) 0) text: Smiley emerges out of the club, grinning into a walkie- talkie.
61) 1) dialog: You assholes owe me a Big Gulp.
77) 5) text: Suddenly, Smiley, smiling in another tie-dye shirt, non- chalantly walks into the room carrying a couple shirts in cleaners bags in his black-gloved hands.
77) 7) dialog: Bro, they still can't get that spot out.
77) 8) text: Grendel downs Ford with a punch to the gut and tears the CDs from Ford's pocket.  Smiley laughs and whimsically shakes his head.
77) 17) text: The Punk Gunslinger lifts up Ford's beloved guitar out from under a couch in the office as Smiley bolts behind Ford and holds his arms behind his back.
77) 26) text: The Punk begins carving the letter F on the front of the guitar.  Ford gets dizzy.  Smiley has to slap him awake.
77) 32) text: Grendel laughs and lights up a cigarette.  He motions for Smiley to let go of Ford.  Ford proceeds to light up a cigarette also.
77) 48) text: Grendel spins off, howling in pain.  The Punk and Heavy Metal Gunslingers rush toward Ford but he dispatches both of them with swift punches.  Smiley though grabs him from behind and holds his arms.
77) 49) dialog: Take a free hit, bro.  Come on...
77) 51) text: Grendel wipes off his face and steps toward Ford.  He then stops and with all his might, backhands Zuzu across the face, sending her tumbling to the floor.  He smiles and then gives her a kick in the ribs for good measure. Ford breaks from Smiley and rushes down to Zuzu.
77) 61) text: Grendel and the Punk Gunslinger make a brisk exit.  The Heavy Metal Gunslinger draws his gun while Smiley smiles and cracks his knuckles. For stands up and speaks whimsically...
77) 63) text: Smiley punches Ford across the jaw -- snapping his head back.  He then grabs him by the collar and thrusts him across the wall -- smack -- over the desk -- into the wall.  Right next to a wall socket. Zuzu felinely kneels before the Heavy Metal Gunslinger, sneakily picking up the 2/3 C.D. from the floor.
78) 8) text: Smiley and the Heavy Metal Gunslinger chug around the corner.  Ford follows Zuzu...
80) 0) text: Smiley and the Metal Gunslinger plow onto the roof.  Alon
82) 0) text: Smiley looks over the edge -- straight down.  Between the cracks we can see Ford and Zuzu on their precarious journ
82) 1) dialog: Let's rock.
82) 2) text: The Gunslinger gives him a "You've got to be kidding" look.  Smiley keeps smiling.  Nope.  The Metal Gunslinger takes off his gunslinger coat and his Armani jacket.
83) 9) text: The SHOT SPINS AROUND the Capitol Building.  Ford and Zuz are zigging and zagging and dropping down.  The Metal Gunslinger follows them from a few floors above -- going left and right.  Smiley is concentrating on going straigh down.
84) 7) text: Ford helps Zuzu drop her feet into the hap... and Smiley' hand juts up and grabs Zuzu's legs.  Smiley is in midair pulling down on Zuzu.  He must have jumped up to snatch t
84) 8) dialog: How's it going?
84) 11) text: THUNK -- Ford drops from above and lands on the ledge behind Smiley.  Smiley's gloved hands lunge out at Ford and grab his throat.  Ford shoots his hands out and locks them on Smiley's neck. Zuzu hangs on for dear life as Ford and Smiley squeeze- push-twist -- both almost dependant on the other to keep balance.  Bored, Smiley decides to finish off Ford.  He swings Ford's head out a bit, then in, smashing Ford's skull against the building. The force of the smash knocks them both off balance. They twist -- tip -- let go of each other -- and both fall -- CLANG! -- CLANG! -- onto the METAL awning right next to Zuzu -- Smiley in the middle.  Each holding on with one hand to the CREAKING AWNING, they both start to wail punches on each other.  Then kicking.
84) 13) text: Zuzu gets into the act.  With her nails.  And Smiley's eyes.  She rips away blindly at his face. Smiley yells.  He loses his grip and starts to slide down -- until he grabs Ford's belt. Ford gleefully unloosens his belt and lets a desperate and descending Smiley yank it all the way out.  Ford reaches out to the belt at the last second.  He savors the sight of Smiley hanging on for dear life.
84) 15) dialog: I'm.  The.  Biggest.  Sissy.  In. The.  Wide.  World.
84) 17) text: Before Ford can let go of the belt, he catches sight of Smiley's glove ripping open revealing a Snoopy-in-a fighter-pilot-suit ring, just like his son's, The Kid. The "Snoopy and the Red Baron" SONG PLAYS a couple of beats.  Ford looks to God.
84) 20) text: Smiley starts to pull himself back up as Ford contemplate
84) 24) text: Smiley suddenly lurches up to Ford's neck and starts strangling away.  And that's when the awning bends -- it wasn't built for this.  The angle changes from forty-five to twenty-five as all three people slam down and bounce. The Snoopy comes off in Ford's hand. They all lose their grip.  And free fall. In midair, Zuzu latches onto Ford's legs and Smiley latches onto Zuzu's legs.  Ford's elbow crunches through the edge of the next metal awning.  His encrusted elbow is the only thing that is keeping the dangling three-way chain of himself, Zuzu and Smiley from death.  All three howl and scream in amusing syncopation. Ford looks to his left and stops screaming.  Hanging from two good guitar strings, off a building thermometer, is the guitar.  Ford loudly cheers and breaks into a rendition of "Purple Haze."
84) 30) text: Ford fiercely flings down his guitar.  It blazes down int Smiley's face.  Smiley lets go of Zuzu with a final howl. Ford and the viewer watch the guitar swirl and spin in the air before crunching to the ground. Zuzu climbs up Ford's back and INTO the FRAME.
98) 0) text: Head still drooping, Ford closes the door behind him. A CLICK causes him to look up.  Sitting atop a battered piece of couch, blood stains neatly blended into his tie- dye shirt, is Smiley holding a gun.  Cheerful as always.
98) 1) dialog: How's it going?
98) 3) dialog: The point?
98) 5) dialog: (tossing away his gun) Anyway you want it, asshole.
98) 6) text: Ford super-swiftly raises his arm and Ta-daah!  The gun slides smoothly down his arm into his hand.  Smiley, for the first time in our story, stops smiling.  Ford FIRES a cute hole in his forehead, sending him crashing into a wa that was barely standing to begin with.  It crumbles down