9) 0) text: Decked out wrinkled-hip, Ford closes the front door of his charmingly dilapidated home. THE KID, a spiky-haired surf punk ragamuffin in a multi- colored shirt over a Corona T, swerves up to Ford on a skateboard.
9) 1) dialog: Fairlane, you gonna find out who killed the lead singer of Black Vomit?
9) 3) text: Ford and The Kid, in an obliviously synchronized moment, flick out a pair of sunglasses from their breast pockets and put them on.  They then each pull out a cigarette and with a similar twist of the wrist, light it up.
9) 4) dialog: Gut feeling.
9) 6) text: Ford tears the cigarette from the Kid's mother and starts to throw it away, but instead pockets it.  They approach Ford's dazzling blue namesake. Ford SQUEAKS off the CAR ALARM with a beeper and then opens up his unusually modulated trunk.  Sam the Sleazebag is seen huddled in a heap within.  Ford tosses a smashed-up Twinkie to him and recloses the trunk to frenzied screams.
9) 9) dialog: When you going to let me work with you?  Why you always fucking with me?
9) 11) text: Ford gets in his car.  The Kid boards around to the windo
9) 12) dialog: I got something serious to dis-cuss.
9) 14) dialog: Forget it.
9) 15) text: The Kid rockets off.  Ford watches with slight concern then tears off, MUSIC BLARING.
24) 0) text: A smoking Ford stands starkly, wailing with his guitar in cathartic quasi-Hendrixian blasts, ruining a perfectly nice MUSICAL SEGUE ON the SOUNDTRACK. He looks down to picture, nailed to the fence before him, of a young Ford and Johnny doing silly rock star poses. Young Ford holds a cheap guitar while Johnny clutches a pair of drumsticks. Ford presses the cigarette against the photo, setting it fire and then resumes his "playing."  The Kid rolls up on his skateboard, holding his ears, breaking into Ford's so
24) 1) dialog: Ouch.
24) 3) dialog: Who cares?  I got a case.
24) 5) text: The Kid holds up a bunch of wadded-up money.
24) 6) dialog: This ain't no social call.  One hundred bucks.  To find my father.
24) 8) dialog: I've got a clue.  Look at my ring. Before my old lady ran off to Baja, she told me my dad had this same ring.
24) 9) text: The Kid holds out his hand.  A ring of Snoopy in his fighter pilot outfit is attached to his hand.  A couple of notes of "Snoopy and the Red Baron" play on the soundtrack.
24) 11) dialog: You need it.
66) 2) text: BAH-OOM!  A corner of the HOUSE neatly EXPLODES. Ford, lighting up a cigarette, and Zuzu achingly move into standing positions to watch the gently BELLOWING RUBBLE.  Neighbors come out of their places to take part in the fun. The Kid slowly approaches from behind the transfixed Ford and Zuzu.  His eye is black, his lip bleeding, and his shirt is torn.
66) 3) dialog: I tried to stop them, man.
66) 4) text: Ford spins around and The Kid collapses in his hands.
66) 5) dialog: I'm sorry...
66) 7) dialog: These two guys in long cowboy coats and real nice suits.  I think Armani.  They were going through your stuff with screwdrivers and shit... I did what you would have done.
66) 9) dialog: Fuck that, I mean, the heck with that.  I kicked their ass! (coughing) Well, I tried.  There were two of them you know...
66) 11) text: The Kid stands up and wiggles away from Ford.  He starts marching away toward the beach.  Ford follows...
66) 12) dialog: I tried to help you...!
66) 14) dialog: (turning back) Where's my father?  Have you even looked?
66) 16) dialog: Liar!  You don't care!  About anything.
66) 17) text: The Kid runs off.  Ford gruffly exhales and turns to an arms-crossed Zuzu, who is not pleased about what she has seen. Ford and Zuzu straggle over to Ford's Fairlane with nice, new tires.  Ford pulls out his alarm beeper and raises it
84) 17) text: Before Ford can let go of the belt, he catches sight of Smiley's glove ripping open revealing a Snoopy-in-a fighter-pilot-suit ring, just like his son's, The Kid. The "Snoopy and the Red Baron" SONG PLAYS a couple of beats.  Ford looks to God.
99) 0) text: Ford emerges from the more disembodied than ever front door.  The Kid stands before him, on the front lawn.
99) 1) dialog: So, did you find my dad?
99) 3) dialog: Yeah, go on...
99) 7) dialog: What kind of sentimental bullshit is this?
99) 9) dialog: Who's my real father, man?
99) 11) text: The Kid starts to sob.  Ford reaches out and grabs his hand.  Their Snoopy rings touch. The two tough guys walk down the street together, holding hands.  The viewer's VIEWPOINT HANGS BACK, allowing them some privacy.
99) 13) dialog: Shut the heck up... Pop.
100) 0) text: The viewer's VIEWPOINT is LULLED TO a friendly hut by a beautiful tropical cove.  A humble hand-drawn sign reads: FORD FAIRLANE, PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR - FISHERMEN ONLY. SWINGING AROUND the hut, the viewer DISCERNS Ford, Jazz, and The Kid kicking back on chaise lounges in silly tropical shirts with identical sunglasses.
100) 2) text: The viewer's VIEWPOINT PANS OVER a bit to reveal, sitting next to The Kid on a very small chaise lounge and in a very small leather jacket is the koala bear with a sweet little neck brace.