0) 23) dialog: Excuse me, I’m sorry. This is KATE. She speaks quickly, confidently, as if she doesn’t need anything or anybody, but we all know better.
0) 24) dialog: I don’t think we can have a Bugs Bunny movie without Bugs Bunny.
0) 27) dialog: Kate Houghton. Executive Vice President. (dead serious) Comedy . He HHH HH OF
0) 36) dialog: Actually, our latest research shows that Bugs Bunny is a core asset that appeals to male and female, young and old, throughout the known universe... We cut to Bugs. He is busily cleaning himself, licking his paw and rubbing it over his face.
0) 37) dialog: ...-while your fanbase is limited to angry fat guys in basements. And there’s only seven of them.
0) 39) dialog: (checking phone) Yes. Daffy SWALLOWS nervously. He turns to the Warner Brothers, pleading.
0) 49) dialog: You can’t have his eyeballs falling out like that. It makes people think of their own eyeballs falling out. Shoving his eyes back in, Daffy takes his stand.
0) 52) dialog: (arbitrating) Look, I don’t think it has to be one or--
0) 58) dialog: (clarifying) You're firing Daffy Duck?
0) 60) dialog: (accepting decision) Okay. She turns to Daffy, businesslike and starts leading him out.
0) 61) dialog: I’m sorry it had to come to this. I really like your work. Huge fan. That whole... (does Donald Duck) Kate starts to lead Daffy out. He turns back toward the Warner Brothers, spouting tears, even as Kate continues to move him toward the door. (CONTINUED)
0) 69) dialog: Let me walk you out. As they walk out...
0) 73) dialog: I need you to eject this duck.
0) 75) dialog: Not anymore. We own the name.
0) 79) dialog: No, that isn’t-- Well, I did, but only because they--
0) 81) dialog: (gets his drift) I’m having a bad enough day.
0) 90) dialog: Please. Both of you. Shut up. Bugs and Daffy are suddenly wearing Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin outfits. They overdramatically “zip” their lips in unison. And, oh yes, they’re animated in black and white.
0) 92) dialog: (defensive) You don’t know me.
0) 94) dialog: (coolly) You don’t know me. looks at her.
0) 96) dialog: (getting pissed) Uh, yeah. Is that going to be difficult for you?
0) 107) dialog: (sarcastic) What do you do now? Call for backup? DJ looks around for Daffy. Suddenly Daffy zips in behind him, runs up his back, and stands on his head.
0) 109) dialog: How does Snooty’s sound for lunch?
3) 0) text: Kate drives Bugs in her Cabriolet convertible.
3) 2) text: Hey! Kate turns and sees:
3) 4) text: The water tower spills a wall of water onto Kate and Bugs. DJ and Daffy escape injury when the legs of the tower land on either side of them. (CONTINUED)
4) 12) dialog: Some areas of the script I think we need to address: there’s no heart, no one’s cooperating, nobody learns anything...
4) 14) dialog: He's gone.
4) 16) dialog: He’s deleted. We need to move on.
4) 18) dialog: I already have. The question is, how can I help you reposition your brand identity? Answer: team you up with a hot female co-star!
4) 20) dialog: We change the dynamic. You still can’t stand each other, but now you fall madly in love...
4) 22) dialog: About the cross-dressing. In the past, funny. Today, disturbing. (CONTINUED)
4) 26) dialog: Look, I can’t reinvigorate you if you won’t play ball with me... A baseball plops into Kate’s drink, splashing her. Bugs sits across from her in a baseball uniform, pounding his fist into a glove and chawing on something. (CONTINUED)
4) 29) dialog: That’s not funny.
4) 31) dialog: Let’s change the subject. Here, you'll love this. The consumer products people visualized some concepts for your new look. Kate produces a sketch of Bugs wearing baggy lowriders, half shirt and Rasta cap.
4) 32) dialog: Urban suburban. Urban look, but roomier in the waist. Kate looks to Bugs for affirmation. His stares back icily, with, of course, ice hanging off his face.
4) 33) dialog: You don’t like it.
4) 35) dialog: (putting foot down) Stop. Listen. I’m trying to be nice, but I was brought in to leverage your synergy, and I’m not going to let you or some wacky duck—
4) 37) dialog: Wacky, Daffy, Nutty, Fruitcake Duck, it doesn’t matter, the mental health groups are going to line us up and shoot us! Bugs wears a blindfold and French beret, an unlit cigarette in his lips. (CONTINUED)
4) 44) dialog: You can’t smoke! Kids are watching! Kate points. Sitting on the floor is RALPH PHILLIPS and his FRIEND, staring up at them as if it’s TV.
4) 48) dialog: As the executive on this project, I have to insist that we do every single thing I say.
4) 55) dialog: (pitching) Can you believe it? We got Jamie Kennedy! Bugs gets up. He stares at Kate calmly.
4) 57) dialog: We own that catchphrase! Kate sighs deeply, frustrated and upset. Suddenly, a huge black duck tail is shoved in her face.
12) 0) text: The Warner Bros, Bugs, Kate, and Elmer watch the screen as we hear a SHOTGUN BLAST.
12) 4) dialog: Is Rob Schneider still in the business?
12) 9) dialog: What do you want me to say? That I got rid of Daffy? I got rid of Daffy. And I stand by my decision.
12) 13) dialog: What?
12) 15) dialog: You can’t fire me! My movies have made nine hundred and fifty million dollars!
12) 17) dialog: (back-pedalling) I think we can all agree that the decision to get rid of Daffy was a poor one. But it’s time to move on and by move on I mean reversing course and getting Daffy back.
12) 19) dialog: I‘ll have Daffy back by Monday. Bugs pokes his head into frame and waggles his eyebrows. Kate exhales in frustration and fear.
14) 0) text: An Acme taxi pulls away, depositing Kate. EXT. DRAKE HOUSE - DOOR — MOMENTS LATER 35 Kate approaches the door and knocks. The door opens slightly. She pushes the door open and enters. 36 37 38
15) 1) dialog: (calls) Mr. Drake? DJ... Kate walks around.
15) 2) dialog: I’m not here to fire you again... I just want to know if that duck told you where he was-— Just then, Kate hears something. It’s coming from:
16) 0) text: Kate opens the door. Steam pours out. She enters. INT. DRAKE HOUSE — BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 38 A misty shroud. As it clears, Kate sees a silhouette in the shower. Kate pulls back the curtain. Bugs turns in terror, ina shot identical to “Psycho.”
16) 2) dialog: Cut it out. Kate turns and exits.
17) 0) text: Bugs sits very close to a TV, displaying hash, a la “Poltergeist,” His head turns slowly toward Kate. (CONTINUED)
19) 0) text: Kate SLAMS the door and storms to:
19) 8) dialog: (losing it) What are you doing?!! Bugs casually hops out of the pot and walks up to her.
20) 0) text: Kate walks out but Bugs has disappeared.
20) 1) dialog: Why are you torturing me? What- Kate stops. She sees the Damian Drake movie posters.
20) 2) dialog: I fired the son of our biggest star. This has been a career- making day, Kate. (getting weepy) First you get rid of that duck everybody hates but then of course they all want him back, but worst of all you get in a big fight with Bugs Bunny, who you revere and who you've tried to model your life after... Right next to Kate, the visor on a suit of armor lifts up. Bugs is inside, also crying.
20) 4) dialog: (really bawling) How am I supposed to get to Las Vegas? My car’s waterlogged! Bugs “opens” the chest of the armor and climbs out. He puts his arm around Kate’s waist and leads her to a door. (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: The spy car looks fast even standing still. Kate’s tears instantly dry up.
21) 1) dialog: (all business) Perfect. Kate exits. Bugs realizes:
24) 15) dialog: I'm aware of that, yes. Bugs shrugs and turns to the dashboard. It's a dizzying array of hardware. Bugs’ hand hovers over the switches.
24) 17) dialog: Don’t touch anything. This is Damian Drake’s car, and if- Bugs flicks a switch. Through the back windshield we see two white jet streams shoot out. A moment later, two huge fireballs erupt a half mile back.
24) 19) dialog: If you touch one more button -
24) 27) dialog: (defensive) I was only eight years old! (bitter) You get one peg in the wrong hole and you’re branded for life.
24) 29) dialog: I think we’ve heard enough. On the screen is a full-length picture of Kate. Various parts of her body and face light up in red. The title over the illustration reads “PROBLEM AREAS.” Kate’s finger pushes a button next to touch screen. But instead of stopping the narration, A FLURRY OF ROBOTIC ARMS shoot out of the dash and attack Kate and Bugs. She screams. (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: The robot arms retract, revealing a discombobulated Kate and Bugs wearing scuba gear.
27) 1) dialog: <exasperated yell>
39) 0) text: Kate, frustrated, drives through Vegas.
39) 1) dialog: There’s got to be 314 hotels and 142 casinos in Las Vegas. We're never going to find that duck! Bugs casually points ahead. Daffy runs into the street, waving his arms and SCREAMING. The car hits Daffy and he’s plastered against the windshield, bug-like.
43) 0) text: Kate seethes at DJ. He acts nonchalant, even as he is steering the car wildly to and fro.
43) 7) dialog: First you steal my duck, then you-- Kate stops, mouth agape. She sees Sam reaching across from his car with a lit bundle of dynamite. Sam politely knocks on DJ’s window.
43) 8) dialog: (hysterical) Dynamite? Who has dynamite? DJ sees they are approaching a wall of stopped traffic. He puts the car into a spectacular fishtail.
43) 11) dialog: I'd like to get out now.
43) 13) dialog: You’re a security guard!!!
51) 4) dialog: Well, you killed me. Happy?
54) 0) text: Hot sun. PAN DOWN to a tall cactus, with a couple of vultures, staring down at: Kate, Bugs and Daffy, sitting on the ground, looking very much goners. A thick stream of liquid hits Bugs’s head. (CONTINUED)
54) 4) dialog: No service? What are we, on Mars? (drops phone, weepy) This wasn’t the plan. I’m supposed to start my own production company in two years, go to Cannes, where I meet a wealthy French businessman, get married and then after five years have a baby, a boy, followed by a girl three years later. I’m not supposed to be dying in the desert with a rabbit and a duck and a handsome yet goofy unemployed person!
56) 0) text: DJ, Daffy, Kate and Bugs walk together, in a tableau reminiscent of the “Wild Bunch,” or “Stand by Me,” or something.
56) 8) dialog: I’m trying to do my job. Which, by the way, does not involve so- called spies and monkeys and diamonds...
56) 18) dialog: (reliving tragedy) I gave the best speech! They only gave it to Susie Farkas because she had one leg shorter than the other!
56) 37) text: 121 EXT. DESERT — CONTINUOUS 121 Kate is getting hot and cranky.
56) 38) dialog: Somebody is going to pay for this.
56) 41) dialog: You don’t really believe Damien Drake was kidnapped, do you?
56) 44) dialog: He was probably just on location, shooting a scene. Or, I don’t know, but he’s somewhere. I mean, people don’t just— DJ vanishes in thin air. Just as Daffy notices this, he smacks into thin air. 122-124 125 55.
58) 0) text: Kate and Bugs are feeling this invisible wall as Daffy staggers around. DJ head pops out of thin air.
60) 0) text: Our heroes are petrified. The drooling beast closes the gap with a few powerful strides. It positions its maw to snap Kate in two. A metal claw drops from 0.S. and picks up the creature bodily just before it can pounce. Kate goes weak in the knees; Bugs steadies her. Daffy goes weak in the knees; DJ lets him drop to the floor. (CONTINUED)
61) 7) dialog: You are going to bring him back, aren’t you? I can’t go back to LA with a bowl of duck soup.
61) 35) dialog: The sad thing is, it sounds like you've thought this through.
61) 41) dialog: You’re not seriously thinking of-
61) 43) dialog: (to Mother) You’re wearing a lab coat. You’re supposed to be smart.
61) 54) dialog: My phone does all that.
65) 25) dialog: (annoyed) No, I can take care of my- As she turns to say this, the Space Gorilla grabs her in a bear hug.
66) 14) dialog: Those are the best last words you can think of? The Space Gorilla squeezes them tighter and rocks them like dolls.
66) 18) dialog: Oh, great. You hurt its feelings. The Space Gorilla lifts them both off the ground, squeezing them very, very hard. He’s crushing them.
71) 3) dialog: (cocky laugh) Super-advanced species, my butt.
71) 6) dialog: “Water, Water, Every Hare”!
71) 8) dialog: 1952, Chuck Jones. (off Bugs’ look) I may be an executive, but I’ma good executive.
71) 10) dialog: (Queens accent) Oh, Honey, do you go out in that face? Bugs pulls up a chair from nowhere and Kate pushes Gossamer into it. (CONTINUED)
71) 15) dialog: Hiding that gorgeous visage under all that hair, you should be horsewhipped! Kate rips the wax off, pulling all the hair off that section of Gossamer’s face. He looks to be in extreme distress.
71) 16) dialog: Beauty is pain, girlfriend. Gossamer bites his lip bravely. DJ appears behind Gossamer, wearing a doo-rag for some reason and channelling Paul Lynde. He lifts Gossamer’s hair in mock distress.
74) 0) text: DJ, Kate and Bugs surround Gossamer. Kate bends down.
74) 1) dialog: ...-And just a couple tablespoons of lip gloss and...
74) 5) dialog: You had to do French tips. Before this catfight can break out, we hear the rapidly approaching SCREAM of Daffy. The three turn to see Daffy’s pod smashing off of everything and then come careening right at them. They duck just in time. Daffy’s pod CRASHES through sealed doors. DJ, Kate and Bugs rush out.
75) 0) text: DJ, Kate and Bugs run out of thin air. They see Daffy's space ship bounce around and finally CRASH in the distance.
75) 7) dialog: So, what’s next? Jungle adventure? Dinosaurs?
75) 12) dialog: Which is in the Louvre! Which means we have to go to Paris!
75) 14) dialog: Then you should have said it. (re card: giddy) We’re going to Paris! DJ, Bugs and Daffy all stare at her, bemused.
75) 15) dialog: (quickly) You don’t really want me to make a long speech about how discovering that the world is in danger has made me realize how shallow my old values are and how fighting aliens has made me feel truly alive for the first time in my life, do you?
76) 6) dialog: Yes I had. Kate smacks Daffy on the back of the head, sending him flying out of frame. DJ holds the viewer in front of the painting and a glowing 15th century map of Africa appears.
76) 15) dialog: (playful) Spy phone without a camera? Loser. Bugs holds up the filter for Kate. She takes the camera- phone and snaps a picture of the map.
82) 0) text: DJ and Kate stop behind a corner. DJ looks off in the direction they just came from.
82) 2) dialog: Nah. Elmer never gets Bugs. It’s a formula, but it works. A huge hand reaches in from o.s. and covers Kate’s mouth with a handkerchief. She looks briefly alarmed, then passes out. The hand pulls her out of frame. DJ, looking in the other direction, doesn’t notice.
83) 0) text: A French cabbie is helping the Mr. Smith stuff Kate in the trunk. They get in and zoom off a second before DJ arrives. He looks around frantically.
87) 0) text: The cabbie is helping Mr. Smith with Kate. Mr. Smith pays him and trots toward the tower. A moment later, DJ runs up, very out of breath. He sees:
88) 0) text: Mr. Smith, and the unconscious Kate, takes the elevator to the Observation deck. DJ also sees a black helicopter, approaching.
91) 0) text: Mr. Smith holds Kate under his arm like a package. A helicopter lowers into view. It is flown by BLACK JACQUES SHELLAC. Mr. Smith takes the camera from around Kate’s neck and pockets it. He reaches out for a ladder lowered from the helicopter. A hand taps his shoulder. Mr. Smith turns around. DJ throws a punch. The punch stops abruptly at Mr. Smith’s jaw with a CLANG. Mr. Smith retaliates with a series of kicks and punches, all executed with an unconscious Kate under his arm. He knocks DJ down, and returns to the awaiting helicopter. Kate awakens in time to see she the preciptious drop to the ground. She struggles. Mr. Smith seems annoyed, but reaches for the helicopter ladder. A metal replica of the Eifel Tower hits him in the back of the head. He turns to see that: DJ is buying one model after another from a SALESGIRL and hurling them at him. Mr. Smith bats off the metal models like flies.
91) 2) text: Kate hurtles to her death, screaming through the tape. DJ falls through the air. He takes out his cell phone. Kate still hurtles, still screams. DJ pushes a button on the cell phone. The display reads, “Rappelling Line Activated”. A line shoots out at high speed. The line wraps around the girder and locks into shape. (CONTINUED)
92) 0) text: A FLOWER GIRL stands with a bouquet of roses. DJ and Kate swing through frame and the roses disappear and money appears in the girl’s hand.
92) 1) dialog: Continue swinging. She loves the flowers.
93) 0) text: A CANDY MAN sells chocolates. DJ and Kate swing through frame and a large box disappears from his stand.
94) 0) text: The cafe is called “PASSE D’ JO.” Daffy and Bugs sit at a table, looking impatient. Kate and DJ drop out of the sky and into their chairs. The ropes fall off Kate; she casually removes her gag. DJ puts the flowers and chocolates down and begins the scene grimly, as if nothing strange had just happened.
94) 2) dialog: No, the great thing is you don’t have to develop it. It’s digital, so you just- (catches herself) Right.
94) 8) dialog: One thing your father would never have done is given up.
94) 10) dialog: But I’ve seen all his movies. DJ stands, determined.
95) 6) dialog: You’re another one of those nasty henchmen, aren’t you? (CONTINUED)
95) 10) text: Bugs transforms into a delicious roast rabbit. Daffy transforms into a delicious baked ham. DJ transforms into a giant hot dog. Kate transforms into a chocolate eclair.
96) 3) dialog: I can’t go any further.
100) 9) dialog: DJ, what are you, a maniac?
101) 0) text: DJ, stands at the other end of gauntlet, exhausted. Bugs and Kate walk up past the already tripped traps.
101) 5) dialog: (genuine laughing) And you were pretty funny.
101) 11) dialog: Wait a second. This is a Tessella. Everyone stares at her.
101) 12) dialog: (explaining) A mosaic piece, identical interlocking shapes which form a pattern, first used in Ancient Mesopotamia. (CONTINUED)
101) 15) dialog: See, I don’t have an IQ of 106. (points) Plus I noticed there was a piece missing from this one. She points to a large tessellation on the wall (or floor?) made of identical monkey shapes and forming one large monkey shape. Kate puts on the ring and inserts the monkey in an empty space in the center of the mosaic. With an ANCIENT CREAKING SOUND the monkey-shaped mosaic emerges from the wall. Kate is taken aback momentarily. On a hunch, she turns her fist. The monkey ring turns the monkey mosaic like a key; it rotates clockwise. The ground TREMBLES. Everyone turns in half-horror to see what happens next. In front of them, a spectacular achievement in set direction unfolds. The wall behind the pedestal lowers down, forming a bridge across a molten lava moat to: EXT. MONKEY ALTAR — CONTINUOUS 194 It's really something. You should see the drawings. They stare in awe. Daffy zips past them.
102) 15) dialog: Got it! Kate catches the diamond, but the sun hits it. A blue beam lances Bugs. He changes into the fluffy-tailed, goofy-looking Tex Avery Bugs Bunny circa 1938. The transformation causes a startled Kate to stumble; she lets the diamond fly. Right to Mr. Chairman.
102) 27) dialog: <concerned grunting> Monkey Damien, Neanderthal Bugs, and Daffy also look distressed. Mr Chairman and Mr. Smith smile. Mr. Smith extends his hand.
102) 62) dialog: We should have lunch sometime. Your franchise is growing a little stale. I can help. DJ pinches her affectionately. She laughs. Tweety burps. Behind them are Daffy and Bugs, both in less good moods.
102) 70) dialog: That's a print. And a wrap! A horde of sycophants rush up to Bugs, throw a robe on him and spirit him away with neck rubs and fresh fruit. PULL BACK to reveal we are