10) 0) text: We PUSH IN on a distinctive corporate building. INT. ACME HEADQUARTERS - HALLWAY — MOMENTS LATER 29 Mr. Smith walks past a mix of human beings and cartoons, all bustling happily. As he passes open rooms, we see animated characters testing various ACME products. At the end of the corridor, Mr. Smith takes a worn time card from a battered rack, sticks it in a verdigris- speckled time clock and pulls a lever to punch it. He puts it in a rack on the far side of the clock and a door slides open. He enters. Exiting is SAM SHEEPDOG, who clocks out. INT. ACME BUILDING — BOARDROOM — DAY 30 Presiding at the acme of the dais is MR. CHAIRMAN. He is petting a CAIMAN in his lap. (CONTINUED)
10) 3) dialog: That is unacceptable! We cannot have nine-year-old children working in sweatshops making Acme sneakers! Not when three-year-olds eat so much less!
10) 5) dialog: (ominously) Not if they want their porridge. Mr. Chairman reaches down.
10) 8) dialog: Next order of business? Mr. Smith pops up next to Mr. Chairman. Mr. Smith leans over and whispers something. MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) Thank you, Mr. Smith. (to the board) Grave news, my friends. Mr. Chairman picks up one of several remotes on his console. He hits a button and a floating video screen descends in front of the dais. The video screen is blue and says in the upper corner, “GAME ONE.”
10) 9) dialog: (annoyed sound) Who’s been playing with this thing? (pushing buttons) TV. Video. TV. Video. (CONTINUED)
10) 15) text: A barren room. Damian is strapped into a folding chair. Two INTERROGATORS come at him. MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) How’s the interrogation coming? Just then Damian rears back and kicks both of the interrogators square in the face. One of them staggers to his feet and talks directly to the security camera.
10) 18) dialog: (building intensity) We cannot let the good guys win this time, people. We must capture this son of a spy, we must find out the location of the diamond, and we must use it for our own diabolical ends! Mr. Chairman turns to Mr. Smith, businesslike. MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) Copy that to all department heads. Mr. Chairman pets the caiman and smiles thinly. (CONTINUED)
10) 21) text: MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) Soon the Acme Corporation shall tower over all of creation!
10) 28) dialog: (a beat, then) Extra crispy. The EVIL LAUGHS resume and we PULL OUT again, as before.
54) 17) dialog: How did this happen?
54) 19) dialog: Thank you for your report. Mr. Chairman pushes a button on his remote. Sam zips up out of frame. A beat later, we see Sam falling past the window. MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) It now appears that in order to obtain the location of the Blue Monkey, we will have to exterminate two people and a rabbit and a duck. Any moral objections?
54) 21) dialog: Unless, Mr. Drake, you would like to save us the bother of eliminating your son? (CONTINUED)
94) 14) dialog: Friends, I reveal to you the whereabouts of the Blue Monkey. Mr. Chairman pushes a button on a remote. The video screen shows the picture Kate took before the dais. (CONTINUED)
94) 18) dialog: We can not allow some boy and girl and duck and rabbit to thwart our plan for global domination!
94) 20) dialog: A wager?
94) 22) dialog: You’re on. Mr. Chairman manipulates the knobs on the small box and Damian starts smacking himself squarely on the face. MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. (CONTINUED)
94) 26) dialog: (evil smile) I believe I will hedge my bet. Let us unleash our most vicious operative. He pushes a button on a remote. Nothing happens. Annoyed, he goes over to his other remotes, picks up a different remote, and pushes a button. Nothing happens. The Vice President next to the remotes, meekly suggests a third remote. He angrily grabs it away and pushes a button. A metal cage is lowered from the ceiling. It contains the TASMANIAN DEVIL.
101) 28) dialog: Immediately. Sylvester pulls his mouth wide open and Mr. Smith's head emerges. He wiggles out of the disguise, growing in height and width as he does. Tweety, in his cage, is shocked.
101) 30) dialog: <Evil laugh, then> We sent them on an all-expense paid ocean cruise.
102) 1) dialog: The diamond, Mr. Drake...
102) 3) dialog: I see. Well then... Mr. Smith appears, carrying Damian over his shoulders. DJ’s father is wrapped in chains and locks.
102) 5) dialog: Mr. Smith, throw Damian Drake in the lava, please. Mr. Smith raises Damian over his head.
102) 9) dialog: I believe I’ve already said I wanted the diamond. (CONTINUED)
102) 16) dialog: (chuckle) Come to evil papa... Just then Daffy flies in front of Mr. Chairman and nabs the diamond.
102) 28) dialog: Your life for the diamond, Mr. Drake?
102) 34) dialog: Very clever. Now the diamond. (hand out) Gimme.
102) 36) dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. We are going to use the diamond's power to super-evolve ourselves, placing us above all others and giving us an unbeatable edge in a tight marketplace. (shrugs) We may turn some people into monkeys. (turning) Mr. Smith, dismantle him. Mr. Smith starts to advance on DJ, who is trapped against the edge of the chasm. He looks to Daffy. He’s sleeping peacefully, diamonds circling his head. Neanderthal Bugs is digging a hole. Cave Kate is picking insects off of Neanderthal Bugs. Monkey Damien raises his hands in a what-can-I-do gesture. Mr. Smith is getting close... (CONTINUED)
102) 42) dialog: You can’t leave now!
102) 44) dialog: (backing off) No, no, it needn’t come to that. Mr. Smith (the cell phone still attached to his face) and the elephant walk away. Mr. Chairman turns back to DJ, annoyed. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out the Tasmanian Devil’s mouth. He reaches deep into the mouth, and “pulls” Taz right side out again. Taz spins, spits and slobbers. MR. CHAIRMAN (CONT’D) Now, which of your little animal friends shall I have him eat first? DJ realizes he has lost. He hands the diamond over.
102) 46) dialog: You won’t have much choice. Mr. Chairman turns to exit, only to find standing in his path one very angry Tweety bird. (CONTINUED)
102) 50) dialog: (laughs) Ooh, what will I do now? (gestures to Taz) Eat the birdy. Taz approaches Tweety, gnashing. DJ takes a chance: he runs, launches off a rock and flips over Mr. Chairman, plucking the diamond from above. DJ lands and points it at Tweety. Light strikes it. A blue beam shoots out and hits Tweety. The little bird glows blue. He staggers back, and falls over the edge.
102) 51) dialog: Entertaining, if pointless. (to DJ) My diamond, please?
102) 55) dialog: (nervously) Well, I try. Pterosaur Tweety swallows Mr. Chairman in one GULP. He SPITS out the diamond. Pterosaur Tweety looks at Taz. Taz backs away, Woody Allen-style, then turns tail and runs. Monkey Damien scampers up and jumps on DJ’s shoulder. The monkey “hugs” DJ’s head.