23) 0) text: The huge casino’s facade is a six-story neon Yosemite Sam. He waves bags of gold. Across Sam’s hat letters sparkle: "THE WOODEN NICKEL. An Acme Casino." The marquee reads, “Now Appearing: Dusty Tails.” The Gremlin pulls into the valet parking area. PUSH IN on "Sam’s" eyes. We see they are windows, into: INT. WOODEN NICKEL — SAM’S OFFICE — CONTINUOUS 50 YOSEMITE SAM is confronted by Mr. Smith.
23) 1) dialog: You want the varmints and what they come for. I gotcha. But what’s in it for Sam? Mr. Smith reaches off-frame and produces a treasure chest. He places it on the desk in front of Sam. When Mr. Smith opens the chest, a GOLDEN GLOW bathes Sam’s face.
23) 3) dialog: I gotcha. INT. WOODEN NICKEL — CASINO - CONTINUOUS 51 DJ and Daffy enter and react in amazement. A wild, Wild West-themed casino. A savage brawl involving several cowboys is in progress. One smashes another over the head with a slot machine. The victim goes down. A beat, and he gets up; indicates the others should join him. The cowboys hold hands and bow. APPLAUSE. BLAM BLAM BLAM! Cartoon bullets strike Daffy's upper bill, spinning it clockwise around his head. Another bullet hits his lower bill, spinning out of sync with the first. (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: A chorus of Yosemite Sams line-dance behind Dusty. A hand reaches out from the wings and yanks one of them backstage. Much too soon later, DJ emerges wearing the ill-fitting costume and mask. Aping the dance moves, he makes his way toward Dusty, shoving the other Sams aside. The song hits a dance break. DJ sees his opening and sidles up to Dusty.
36) 6) dialog: Hit me! (CONTINUED)
36) 11) dialog: No! Hit me, frazznabbit!
36) 15) dialog: Hit me. Foghorn picks Sam up and matter-of-factly whacks him repeatedly on the ass with a wooden plank.
49) 2) dialog: Uh oh.
51) 1) text: Glittering Las Vegas. Suddenly, a huge fireball blasts through the roof of the Wooden Nickel, shattering Yosemite Sam’s neon visage. As the fireball gets closer, we see it is a screaming Sam, his ass ablaze. The flaming Sam shoots by the window of the Spy Car.
54) 18) dialog: Mistakes were made. By others.