19) 3) dialog: (under breath) Nitwits. Pathetic, soulless morons. We cut to the outside of the suit -- still expressionless
19) 13) text: I am not going to tell you first what I'm attempting to do as an undercover officer. I'm going to tell you... (beat) ... what I am afraid of. Now the audience is hooked, their eyes wide. We move inside the suit and watch Bob Arctor watching the audience, timing the pause for best effect. We hear the breathing again, and when Arctor speaks, it is in his nor voice, bored, delivering a memorized speech. BOB ARCTOR
20) 0) text: Arctor is speaking from inside the suit. BOB ARCTOR
20) 2) text: Sock it to 'em! The audience concurs.   Bob Arctor sighs disdainfully. Outside the suit, the sigh is heard as a computer-like exhalation, uninterpretable, lost on the audience. FRED
20) 3) text: We believe there is one source for Substance D and a diversified distribution system making it accessible in all major drug using areas. It my job as an undercover officer to attain the confidence of low level dealers and work my way up through the network to arrive at the drug's source. Now, the profits for... Fred becomes silent, stands there.   The audience waits. Inside the suit, Arctor sweats, can't remember his line. looks, panicked, out at the sea of eyes and finally wings BOB ARCTOR
20) 9) text: I think you'd better go back to the prepared text, Fred. BOB ARCTOR
20) 11) text: Riiight. I'll read it to you. Repeat it after me, but try to make it sound casual. "Each day the profits flow. Where they go we will soon determine." BOB ARCTOR
20) 13) text: "Then retribution will swiftly follow. And at that moment, for the life of me, I would not be in their shoes." BOB ARCTOR
20) 22) text: Oh, wait, it appears Fred has something else to say. Good, then. (to Arctor) Please. Arctor approaches the podium, upset. BOB ARCTOR
23) 4) text: Aren't you Bob Arctor's old lady? DONNA HAWTHORNE
25) 0) text: Bob Arctor, now out of his scramble suit and looking like druggie, wanders depressed and aimless along a crowded street. He passes a McDonald's, a 7-11, a mirrored office building, pulls a pill box from his pocket, and surreptitiously swallows two capsules. He studies his reflection in the office building. Behind him on the stre are the disapproving reflections of passing straights. He blends back into the flow of foot traffic. A grungy hippy smiles at him. Arctor nods, passes another McDonald's. He passes a third McDonald's almost immediately. BOB ARCTOR
26) 1) text: Hello? BOB ARCTOR
26) 3) text: (pause) Oh.    Hi. BOB ARCTOR
26) 5) text: Eh. I was bumtripped this a.m. by my boss. This gray hair bilked us out of ten bucks. So my boss says it's coming out of my paycheck! BOB ARCTOR
26) 7) text: (resistant) I don't know. BOB ARCTOR
26) 12) text: Yeah, okay. I'll come over tonight. Hey, I have this book I want to show you. About wolves. BOB ARCTOR
26) 14) text: You know what the male wolf does when he defeats a foe? He doesn't snuff him. He pees on him! Then he splits. BOB ARCTOR
26) 16) text: No kidding?    How come? BOB ARCTOR
26) 18) text: Not the usual way? BOB ARCTOR
26) 19) text: What I mean is, I told this group of... Arctor realizes he's saying too much. He tries to cover. He glances at a Foster's Freeze across the street with so Hell's Angels in the parking lot. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
26) 21) text: You can tell me, even if it's super gross. You have to be super gross with biker-types. BOB ARCTOR
26) 28) text: Oh. Okay, well I get it. Barf. Oh, I forgot to tell you, your roommates, Ernie What's-His-Name and Barris, came into the shop today looking for you. BOB ARCTOR
26) 30) text: I dunno. They said they wanted to use your cephalochromoscope and it didn't work. So Barris took it apart -- BOB ARCTOR
26) 32) text: And apparently it's been sabotaged. The wires cut, and sort of weird stuff like that. Barris said he'd -- BOB ARCTOR
26) 34) text: You gotta what? BOB ARCTOR
28) 1) text: Can I help you? BOB ARCTOR
32) 0) text: Arctor sits surrounded by the three standing New-Path peo BOB ARCTOR
32) 2) text: You'll meet the family later. If you qualify. You have to be bad off to be let in here, mister. BOB ARCTOR
32) 4) text: It's going to be super rough. You'll gnaw your pillow. You'll foam at the mouth. You'll dirty yourself the way sick animals do. BOB ARCTOR
35) 16) text: You're talking about Bob Arctor's girl, Barris. He's my friend and the guy you and Luckman live with. JIM BARRIS
35) 17) text: There's a great deal about Bob Arctor you're not aware of. Your view is simplistic and naive, and you believe about him what he wants you to. CHARLES FRECK
36) 11) text: Bob Arctor? He's not doing anything much. Working at his nowhere Blue Chip Stamp job, dropping a few tabs of meth cut with Death during the day. HANK
36) 12) text: That's not what I hear. Arctor studies the vague blankness of Hank. BOB ARCTOR
36) 30) text: So I'm taking you off Spade and, for the time being, I'm assigning you primarily to observe Bob Arctor. FRED
36) 32) text: Covertly funded, covertly engaged, Fred. It's worth checking into. BOB ARCTOR
40) 0) text: It's the same room, but different. It's neat. The picture on the wall are straight. A younger, cleaner, straighter Bob Arctor sits on the couch watching tv with his wife an children. Through shadow and obstruction, we never get a clear view of Arctor's family.
41) 0) text: The catchy, reduntant Coke jingle continues in the background throughout. Bob Arctor squats down and reaches into a floor level cabinet to grab a popcorn popper. When rises, he hits his head hard on a sharp corner. His countenance changes dramatically, violently. BOB ARCTOR
41) 2) text: Honey? Arctor drops to the floor, pressing his hand against his bleeding scalp. BOB ARCTOR
42) 0) text: Arctor bleeds, his wife hovers, the jingle persists. BOB ARCTOR
42) 5) text: ... my front yard,... Arctor, in shorts, appears pushing a lawnmower. BOB ARCTOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
43) 0) text: Arctor sits on the floor bleeding. He looks at his wife a children, their faces somehow becoming more and more vagu BOB ARCTOR (V.O.)
46) 0) text: Arctor lies in bed and writes in his notebook. The voice- over is different here: It's halting, as if he's composin and it's read with immediacy and anxiety. BOB ARCTOR (V.O.)
46) 1) text: Now I dwell in an ugly... disordered world. But this very disorder... permits... the... unpredictable to -- There's a knock on the door.    Arctor slips the notebook under the mattress. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
46) 2) text: Yeah? Mumbling outside door.    Arctor fingers the gun under hi pillow. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
46) 11) text: No, no. You... (points at Arctor) ... are looking at the person who did it. (points at himself) That was my complete, intended statement, which I was not allowed to utter. BOB ARCTOR
46) 13) text: I mean it's my theory that I did it. Under post-hypnotic suggestion. With an amnesia block so I wouldn't remember BOB ARCTOR
46) 15) text: Don't you see, Bob, I've got the advanced, specialized, technical, electronic skills. I have access, because I live here. It all fits. (beat) What I can't figure out is my motive. BOB ARCTOR
46) 17) text: I might have been hired by secret forces. It could be as big as that, Bob. As huge as that. Arctor reaches under his bed frame and pulls out two tabs Substance D. He washes them down with beer, closes his ey BOB ARCTOR
50) 0) text: The car pulls to a stop on a residential street. It's a a cruddy neighborhood. Apartment buildings. Graffiti. BOB ARCTOR
50) 2) text: And where are you off to? BOB ARCTOR
50) 4) text: Mysterious Bob Arctor.
52) 1) text: Yes? BOB ARCTOR
52) 2) text: It's me, Kimberly. Bob Arctor. Kimberly unchains the door. She has a black eye and a spl lip. Her manner is listless. Arctor enters the apartment and Kimberly closes the door behind him.
53) 0) text: Arctor looks around. The place is a shambles. There's bee a fight. The windows are broken, there's glass on the flo BOB ARCTOR
53) 2) text: Dan and I had a fight and he split. BOB ARCTOR
53) 5) text: Why are you here, Bob? I'm bummed, I really am. BOB ARCTOR
53) 12) text: Another day. BOB ARCTOR
53) 15) text: Is that him?    Fuck. Red '79 Torino? Arctor looks out and spots a red Torino pulling into the BOB ARCTOR
53) 17) text: Probably has his case-knife with him. Y'know, he keeps it in a sheath on his belt now. BOB ARCTOR
53) 19) text: No phone. BOB ARCTOR
53) 28) text: I got to stop him! I don't have insurance! Arctor grabs her, tries to hold her back. BOB ARCTOR
53) 30) text: (struggling to get free) My tires! BOB ARCTOR
54) 4) text: Open, please? Please? I need to call the police. Please let me call them. The door opens. An old man in tie and sweater stands ther Kimberly hurries past him, goes for the phone, and dials. BOB ARCTOR (to old man)
56) 0) text: Arctor drives on the freeway, deep in thought. Luckman's next to him. Barris is in back grinning in his dark shade BOB ARCTOR (V.O.)
57) 1) text: The linkage from the pedal to the carb fell apart. BOB ARCTOR
57) 14) text: (spinning and lashing out with bost fists) MOTHERFUCKER! Somebody did this intentionally! They fucking almost killed us! Barris pulls out a snuffbox, removies a few tabs of Death and swallows them. He passes the snuffbox to Luckman, who takes a few with a shaky hand, then passes the box to Arctor. Arctor hands it back to Barris without taking any BOB ARCTOR
57) 16) text: Dope can't screw up a carb-idle adjustment, my friend. (holds box out to Arctor) You'd better take at least three of these. They're primo, but mild. BOB ARCTOR
57) 18) text: (barely audible above singing) Hey, do you smell something, man?   A clue? Some engine smell that -- BOB ARCTOR
57) 23) text: (eyeing Arctor) No. (to Barris) Were there any psychedelics in that dope? Barris smiles and shakes his head.   Arctor studies the engine, sniffs it. BOB ARCTOR
57) 24) text: It's an illusion, right? There's no dog shit smell. How could there be dog shit in the eng... He spots ugly, dark brown stains around the motorblock. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
57) 25) text: (freaked) Dog shit! Dog shit! (trying to focus) Oil. Spilled oil. Thrown oil. That's all. Maybe a leaky head gasket. Arctor reaches down to touch the dark stain.    His hand back in revulsion. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
59) 0) text: Arctor opens his eyes fast. Barris, looking on compassionately, squats next to him outside the car. BOB ARCTOR
59) 2) text: (punches Barris on the back) Leave him alone, man. Fuck off. BOB ARCTOR
59) 4) text: I don't know, man. I can't figure out half the things he lays on people. Arctor again looks at Barris.   He is smiling sweetly. BOB ARCTOR
59) 6) text: Take it easy, Bob. BOB ARCTOR
59) 13) text: Hell, I took some too. And so did you. Didn't give us a bad trip. Besides it was so soon. Your stomach can't even absorb -- Arctor's head jerks up to face Barris. BOB ARCTOR
61) 2) text: You know, this proves, Bob, that somebody is out to burn you real bad. I just hope the house is still there when we get back. BOB ARCTOR
61) 9) text: But I left a little surprise for anyone entering the house. An electronic surprise, if you will. Arctor shifts his glance in the rearview mirror to Barris BOB ARCTOR
61) 11) text: Easy.   Be cool. BOB ARCTOR
61) 13) text: If the front door is opened, my tape recorder starts recording. BOB ARCTOR
61) 16) text: To increase the chance of them making their entry via the front door, I providentially left it unlocked. They drive in silence. BOB ARCTOR
61) 24) text: Are you fucking jiving us or not?   I can't tell with you, man. Is he jiving us or not, Bob? BOB ARCTOR
61) 27) text: Of course I'm kidding, guys! Only a psychotic would leave the front door open with a note on it. Silence. BOB ARCTOR
64) 10) text: Wait. If they see us scrambling around before the raid -- BOB ARCTOR
64) 13) text: We're fucked! We can't do anything! BOB ARCTOR
64) 18) text: Oh yes. The tape should be extremely informational at this point. (pulls it from under couch) Well, it probably wouldn't ultimately have proven that important. BOB ARCTOR
64) 24) text: You know, Bob, there is one thing you could do, although it would take time. BOB ARCTOR
64) 34) text: Yeah, we can't tell the truth. We need a shuck. Barris, what's a good shuck? BOB ARCTOR
64) 38) text: Cleveland. BOB ARCTOR
64) 41) text: Or how much. Prospective buyers might inquire about the quantity. BOB ARCTOR
64) 47) text: Hey, I came in, like the note said.   I waited for you for awhile, then I crashed. Why are you guys yelling? The three guys look at each other. BOB ARCTOR
64) 49) text: Of course. Otherwise I can't sleep. You shouldn't leave your place unlocked like that. You could get ripped off and it would be your own fault. That's the main reason I came in when I saw the note. Somebody ought to be here if the place is unlocked with a note on it. BOB ARCTOR
64) 54) text: Did you say you were selling the house? Or was that me dreaming? BOB ARCTOR
68) 8) text: (confused as to how to proceed) Um, well... like, what do you mean? BOB ARCTOR
68) 10) text: Uh, about ten bucks. BOB ARCTOR
68) 14) text: (grinning) All that for ten bucks? BOB ARCTOR
68) 16) text: Not around here. Hey, fuck it, you guys. Freck leans against the house and pulls out a cigarette. BOB ARCTOR
68) 21) text: Bent choke shaft. The whole carb needs to be rebuilt. BOB ARCTOR
68) 25) text: Hey. BOB ARCTOR
68) 40) text: What does this car weigh, Bob? BOB ARCTOR
68) 42) text: Well, you're right then. It wouldn't have much interia mass. (calculating on a pad) A thousand pounds traveling eighty miles an hour -- BOB ARCTOR
68) 44) text: How many passengers, Bob? BOB ARCTOR
68) 46) text: That's six in the back and six -- BOB ARCTOR
68) 51) text: This car fishtails? BOB ARCTOR
68) 59) text: "...than any other reality in the World, Christ everywhere present and everywhere growing more great, Christ the final determination and plasmatic Principle of the Universe --" BOB ARCTOR
68) 74) text: Hey, what's the hammer for, Jimmy-Boy? BOB ARCTOR
68) 80) text: I'm gonna split. I'll see you guys. BOB ARCTOR
71) 1) text: You seem mellow, Bob. Having to spend a hundred bucks on a new carb wouldn't make me mellow. BOB ARCTOR
71) 13) text: So she ripped off the whole stamp machine and remounted it, like, somewhere where the postal authorities wouldn't spot it and... Back to Arctor, as his expression shifts to anxious. BOB ARCTOR (V.O.)
73) 1) text: You realize our taxes were raised by her stealing those stamps? It's one thing to steal auto parts, but when you steal from Uncle Sam -- BOB ARCTOR
73) 6) text: (beat, lying) No.   I don't think so. BOB ARCTOR
73) 10) text: There are certain secret devices which have been incorporated -- BOB ARCTOR
73) 12) text: It's just that it has certain secret -- BOB ARCTOR
76) 1) text: Did I scare you? Heh heh. BOB ARCTOR
76) 3) text: I have your stuff. BOB ARCTOR
76) 5) text: Your Death. Donna screeches off too fast, weaves, tailgates a Coke tr BOB ARCTOR
76) 7) text: Do you have the money? BOB ARCTOR
76) 9) text: I need the money right now. BOB ARCTOR
76) 16) text: Yeah. BOB ARCTOR
76) 18) text: Hey, you wanna take me to a concert at Anaheim Stadium next weekend? BOB ARCTOR
76) 20) text: I'm gonna bring some really oily hash and get really loaded. But you have to wear something neat, not those funky clothes you sometimes wear. BOB ARCTOR
76) 22) text: I'm taking us to my place. And you do have the money and you'll give it to me. Then we'll drop a few of the tabs and kick back. Maybe you could buy a fifth of Southern Comfort and we could get bombed as well. BOB ARCTOR
76) 24) text: You know what would be cool tonight, is to go to the Torrance Drive-in. They're showing all eleven Planet of the Apes movies. From 7:30 to 8:00 tomorrow morning. BOB ARCTOR
77) 1) text: Stay on the newspaper. I just had the rug shampooed. Arctor enters and stands on a square of newspaper. He loo around. The place is cluttered with piles of stuff BOB ARCTOR
77) 3) text: Someday I'm gonna get married and I'm going to need all this stuff. When you get married, you need everything there is. Donna slips out of her leather jacket, tosses it on a pil jackets, and pads into the kitchen. Arctor follows her, tiptoeing along the paper. BOB ARCTOR
78) 1) text: Buy?   What do you mean "buy"? Donna opens a cabinet, reaches in back, pulls out several plastic bags of pills. She lays them on the counter, open a drawer, pulls out a pipe and some hash, sits at the tab and fills the pipe. Arctor lays money on the table. BOB ARCTOR
78) 6) text: I think I see what you're saying. BOB ARCTOR
78) 8) text: No.     It's a form of barter. BOB ARCTOR
78) 10) text: You protect me? What are you talking about? BOB ARCTOR
78) 12) text: The Coca-Cola company is a capitalist monopoly. No one else can make it but them. That's fucking wrong. (beat) C'mere, I'll supercharge you. Arctor sits down at the table. BOB ARCTOR
78) 13) text: Okay, cool. Donna walks over to him, puffing the hash pipe to keep it alive. She bends over him and Arctor opens his mouth. She exhales long and forcefully into his mouth. This is as cl as these two get to sex. Arctor's eyes go soft as he look up at Donna. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
79) 0) text: Donna and Arctor are stoned on the couch in the dim room. BOB ARCTOR
79) 2) text: Dripping little things. Moving along about a foot above the ground. BOB ARCTOR
79) 4) text: Drippy.    Behind furniture. BOB ARCTOR
79) 6) text: Yes. Little spring flowers. With yellow in them. That first come up. BOB ARCTOR
79) 8) text: Yes. Before anyone stomps on them and they're gone. Arctor's eyes get wet. BOB ARCTOR
79) 10) text: No more. Her smile disappears. BOB ARCTOR
79) 15) text: Nothing. BOB ARCTOR
79) 17) text: No, you're too ugly. BOB ARCTOR
79) 19) text: No! Look, I snort a lot of coke; I have to be super careful because I snort a lot of coke. BOB ARCTOR
79) 21) text: Just leave my body alone. BOB ARCTOR
79) 23) text: (calling after) I don't like people to grope my body! (talking to herself) I have to watch out for that because I do so much coke. Someday I'm gonna go over the Canadian border with four pounds of coke in my snatch. I'll say I'm a Catholic and a virgin. Arctor passes through the room with his bags of Death. BOB ARCTOR
79) 28) text: You don't have your car. I'll drive you, man. (looks for her shoes) But you can see why I have to protect my snatch -- BOB ARCTOR
80) 1) text: I'm dreadfully sorry I hurt your feelings. Okay? I was out of it. BOB ARCTOR
80) 3) text: Sometimes I get really spaced. You wanna come back? Or what? You wanna go to the drive-in? What about the Southern Comfort? C'mon, I'm sorry. Arctor stops, stares off for a while.   Donna watches, wa BOB ARCTOR
80) 9) text: You know what I'm going to do someday, Bob? I'm going to move north to Oregon and live in the snow. Have a little house and a vegetable garden. BOB ARCTOR
80) 11) text: (glancing up shyly) He'll get me that. What's-his-name. BOB ARCTOR
80) 13) text: (sharing a secret) Mr. Right. He'll drive an Aston- Martin and take me north in it. And that's where the little old fashioned house will be in the snow. BOB ARCTOR
80) 15) text: It's in the cards. A heaviness descends upon Arctor.    He stops.   Donna st BOB ARCTOR
81) 7) text: Who are those guys rattling on and on out there? Jabber-jaws. They live here with you, I guess. BOB ARCTOR
81) 9) text: You're queer? BOB ARCTOR
83) 16) text: Misrepresentation in advertising. Both Scramble Suits laugh their computer laughs and disappear. Fred goes back to the monitors. The front door opens and Bob Arctor enters dejectedly. FRED
83) 17) text: Hi, Bob. BOB ARCTOR
83) 20) text: Fuck off, Barris. BOB ARCTOR
83) 25) text: Bob, I'm sorry if I offended you. Both disappear from the living room monitor and reappear the kitchen monitor. Arctor fills the coffee pot with wat BOB ARCTOR
83) 27) text: He left with your jack, so I assume he's off to knock over pay phones. BOB ARCTOR
83) 29) text: Y'know, I have a sure fire way you could get into the pants of Little Miss Big Tits. For under one dollar. Fred fast forwards the tape. He stops. Barris and Arctor are now on the living room monitor. Arctor is fuming. BOB ARCTOR
83) 39) text: Oh, yes, I've been meaning to call you, but I've had a severe bout of intestinal flu, with loss of body heat, pyloric spasms, cramps... In the monitor in his bedroom, Arctor continues to write his notebook, unaware. In his scramble suit at the consol Bob Arctor, is freaked out, and writes in the same notebo BOB ARCTOR (V.O.)
83) 41) text: I just haven't been able to get it together to make that little twenty dollar check good, and frankly I don't intend to make it good. BOB ARCTOR (IN SCRAMBLE SUIT)
87) 1) text: Yes sir?   Good morning. BOB ARCTOR
87) 3) text: Ihr Instrumente freilich spottet mein/Mit Rad und Kammen, Walz' und Bugel:/Ich stand am Tor, ihr... The scene shifts back.     Maybe a hiccup's worth of time passed. BOB ARCTOR
87) 9) text: Mr. Arctor, is it? BOB ARCTOR
87) 11) text: Okay, sir. That'll be twenty dollars. Arctor hands her a twenty dollar bill. BOB ARCTOR
87) 12) text: I'm sorry about this, but by mistake I wrote the check on a closed account. The lady nods amiably as she writes something on the note BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
87) 14) text: My brother Carl. BOB ARCTOR
87) 16) text: I believe he said something about that, yes. She hands the bad check back to Arctor. BOB ARCTOR
87) 18) text: No extra charge. BOB ARCTOR
87) 23) text: Oh dear. His business done, Arctor stands at the counter awkwardly BOB ARCTOR
87) 25) text: You know, Mr. Arctor, more deaths happen from that than people realize. I read that if you're dining with a friend and he doesn't talk for a long time, you should ask him if he can, beacuse he may be strangling. BOB ARCTOR
87) 27) text: Well, I'm sorry about your friend. BOB ARCTOR
87) 29) text: How dreadful. I'll tell Carl. And thank you for coming all the way down. BOB ARCTOR
87) 30) text: Thank you. And thank Mr. Englesohn for me. Thank you both so much. Arctor stands there.    The two just look at each other. BOB ARCTOR (CONT'D)
89) 0) text: Arctor looks up, stares out the window, tries to focus. Something's bothering him. The stores speed by in a blur color. BOB ARCTOR
89) 1) text: What if I, Bob Arctor, wrote this check myself and just don't remember?
90) 0) text: Arctor is on the pay phone outside the Shell station. BOB ARCTOR
91) 0) text: Arctor is stoned and on the phone in the crowded, smokey, noisy room. A blonde woman nibbles his ear. BOB ARCTOR
92) 0) text: Arctor hangs up the pay phone.   He paces, trying to thin BOB ARCTOR
92) 2) text: Der wurme gleich' ich, der den Staub Durchwuhlt,/Den, wie er sich im Staube nahrend lebt,/Des Wandrers Tritt... Back to normal as a car passes with a faulty muffler. BOB ARCTOR
93) 0) text: Arctor rides in the back. He stares out the window at the endless loop of McDonald's, Thriftys, 7-11's. BOB ARCTOR (V.O.)
94) 0) text: The cab drops Arctor off. He heads up the newspaper-strew walk to the front door. He eyes the house and the grounds The house needs paint, a rain gutter is halfway dislodged The yard is overgrown. BOB ARCTOR
95) 0) text: The place is a mess.    Arctor drops the papers on the fl BOB ARCTOR (for benefit of scanners)
96) 0) text: Arctor rises and pulls a book from the shelf. It is The Picture Book of Sexual Love. He opens the book, revealing photo of a man nibbling a woman's breast. He positions himself so as to be best picked up by the living room scanner,then appears to read aloud from the book. We can that what he is reciting is not on the page. BOB ARCTOR
99) 0) text: Fred sits in his scramble suit watching a holo-tape. In i Arctor is pulling a book from the shelf in his living roo and opening it. Fred zooms in to the title of the book. I is The Picture Book of Sexual Love. Fred zooms back out t take in the entire scene. Arctor recites, ostensibly from the book, in a creaky, stagy way. BOB ARCTOR
99) 2) text: What the fuck is he talking about? Fred glances at the other monitors. The only other activi is in Luckman's room, where Luckman lies snoring, sprawle his floor, a bag of reds by his side. BOB ARCTOR
99) 9) text: Hi, what's happening, Bob? BOB ARCTOR
99) 11) text: You're shitting me. BOB ARCTOR
99) 13) text: (yawning) Any reward? BOB ARCTOR
99) 16) text: Pathetic, soulless nitwits. Fred sighs, fast-forwards the tape. He watches on the met until an hour's worth of tape has passed. He switches bac to play. Arctor is across the room now, sprinkling food into a fish tank. Luckman is stretched out on the couch. BOB ARCTOR
99) 21) text: Well, then how can you tell when you drive past it, if its only an inch? BOB ARCTOR
99) 25) text: Y'know how can you smuggle microdots into the U.S.? Barris told me. I'm not supposed to say, cause he's putting it in his book, "Simple Ways to Smuggle Objects into the U.S. and Out, Depending on Which Way You're Going." BOB ARCTOR
99) 27) text: You smuggle it with a shipment of dope. Like heroin. The microdots are so small no one would notice. BOB ARCTOR
99) 29) text: Barris had this other idea for smuggling dope. You know how the custom guys, they ask you to declare what you have? BOB ARCTOR
99) 34) text: Well, you take a huge block of hash and you carve it in the shape of a man. Then you hollow out a little section and put a wind-up motor in. And a cassette tape. And just before it goes through customs, you wind it up and it walks up to the man, who says, "Do you have anything to declare?" and it says, "No, I don't," and keeps on walking. BOB ARCTOR
99) 36) text: What's the use of that? BOB ARCTOR
99) 38) text: A billion dollars? BOB ARCTOR
99) 40) text: They'd wonder what it meant by that. BOB ARCTOR
99) 42) text: Can you imagine telling your grandkids, "I saw with my own eyes a six foot block of hash appear and walk past, worth two billion dollars, saying, "No, I don't." His grandchildren would have him committed. BOB ARCTOR
99) 48) text: The kids wouldn't believe that either. BOB ARCTOR
99) 59) text: ... this guy appeared on tv, claiming to be a world-famous imposter. He said he'd posed at one time or another as a great surgeon, a theoretical submolecular high-velocity particle research physicist, a Finnish novelist, a deposed president of Argentina... BOB ARCTOR
99) 63) text: Narks, you mean. Yeah, I wonder what a nark looks like? BOB ARCTOR
99) 65) text: Looked just like us. BOB ARCTOR
99) 72) text: What? BOB ARCTOR
108) 3) text: Fred, this is the informant who phoned in about Bob Arctor. Hank indicates Jim Barris, sitting against the wall, grinning crazily and fiddling with a paper clip. HANK (CONT'D)
110) 8) text: The female's voice is a Miss Donna Hawthorne. The male is Bob Arctor. Hank nods, switches back on the tape.
112) 2) text: By a process of elimination we were able to determine you're Bob Arctor. FRED
112) 3) text: (horrified, confused) Arctor?    I'm Bob Arctor?  But he's ugly! HANK
113) 0) text: Donna drives a sick Bob Arctor along a tree-lined road. DONNA HAWTHORNE
114) 1) text: Let's sit a few minutes. BOB ARCTOR
114) 10) text: After he saw God, he felt really good, for around a year. Then he felt worse than he had ever felt before in his life. Because one day it came to him, he was never going to see God again. He was going to live out the rest of his life, fifty years maybe, and see nothing but what he had always seen. He realized he was going to have to live on and on with no purpose. Just a lump of flesh grinding along, eating, drinking, working, sleeping, crapping -- BOB ARCTOR
114) 12) text: That's what I told   him. We're all in the same boat, and   it doesn't freak us out. But he said,    "You don't know what I saw." A spasm passes through Arctor, convulsing him.       Then BOB ARCTOR
114) 18) text: was a living creature. And there were no accidents. Everything fitted together to achieve something, some goal in the future. And there was a doorway. For a week he saw it wherever he looked. Always the same proportions, very narrow. Very pleasing. That's the word he used. He never entered it though. Just looked at it, surrounded by red and gold light, like the sparks had collected into lines. Then he never saw it again his whole, entire life. BOB ARCTOR
114) 20) text: He said it was always nighttime. Moonlight and water. Nothing ever changed. Water like blank ink and a beach. He was sure it was ancient Greece, that the door was a weak link in time. Later when he couldn't see it anymore, he became so frustrated with the noise and lights and motion in this world. He'd tell everyone he met that he lost everything. BOB ARCTOR
114) 22) text: There was a woman on the island. More like a statue. Of the Cyrenaican Aphrodite. In the moonlight. Pale and cold. BOB ARCTOR
114) 40) text: Bob?   We've got to get started. No answer.    She tugs at him, trying to rouse him. BOB ARCTOR
114) 42) text: C'mon, they're expecting us.   I have to sign you in. BOB ARCTOR
117) 2) text: The floors, the basins, and especially the toilets. There are three bathrooms, one on each floor. Okay, Bruce? Angle on Bruce. We see that Bruce is Bob Arctor. It is, however, a different Arctor: hair cut short and unstylish nondescript Goodwill clothing, and a mousy demeanor.
118) 2) text: Don't fill it all the way, Bruce, or you won't be able to lift it. BOB ARCTOR
123) 15) text: Tell us, you cock-sucking fairy whore pimp! You ass-kisser, you fuck! BOB ARCTOR
125) 1) text: You like kids, Bruce? BOB ARCTOR
125) 4) text: You can feed them in a month or two. After we're sure you won't hit them. BOB ARCTOR
126) 2) text: I said, what's your name? My name is Thelma. Did you forget your name? If you forget your name, you can write it on your hand. Want me to show you how? BOB ARCTOR
126) 7) text: Oh, I see. (thinking) Well, you could write on the ceiling above your bed. Then when you want to know your name better, you can -- BOB ARCTOR
126) 9) text: No, that's my name. And that's a girl's name anyway. If I see you again, I'll give you a name. I'll make one up for you. 'kay? BOB ARCTOR
126) 11) text: Yes, but my mommy may be leaving. She's thinking about taking us, me and my brother, and leaving. 'kay, Bye! She runs off.    Arctor watches after the girl. BOB ARCTOR
127) 1) text: Hey, Bruce! Arctor looks up. BOB ARCTOR
127) 9) text: For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part... The camera pulls back to reveal that it's Donna reading t journal. She's sitting at a picnic table outside a McDonald's. Her eyes move back and forth across the page. Near her, a group of children laugh and play on a McDonaldland jungle gym. BOB ARCTOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
128) 1) text: Can you do this? She throws the balls in the air to juggle and they fall b onto her then bounce onto the floor. She stoops over, spitting and laughing. Arctor is dismayed. BOB ARCTOR
128) 7) text: Donna, you need to clean yourself. You stink. BOB ARCTOR (horrified)
128) 8) text: Donna?! The old woman shuffles past Arctor and the staffer. BOB ARCTOR
128) 10) text: I don't know. Six months. BOB ARCTOR (relieved)
129) 1) text: I think I'm going to try to get you a job on one of our farms, Bruce. When you're ready. BOB ARCTOR
129) 3) text: No, I want to try you with crops.    I think that'd be good for you. BOB ARCTOR
129) 5) text: The ground is living. Do you have any agricultural background? BOB ARCTOR (searching memory)
129) 10) text: Well, you'll be outside from now on, sowing, tilling, killing insects. We do a lot of that with pesticides. But we're very careful, because those sprays can poison the crop as well as the person using them. Eat his head. The way yours has been eaten, Bruce. BOB ARCTOR
130) 0) text: Arctor is pulling some cleaning supplies from the cabinet under the sink. He notices something, picks it up, studie it. It's a bone fragment. He gets frightened, turns to someone cutting vegetables, and holds up the bone. BOB ARCTOR
131) 1) text: Your name is Bruce. BOB ARCTOR
131) 3) text: Mike Westaway recommended we give you a try on the farm. You're going to work here for a while. BOB ARCTOR
131) 10) text: You like mountains? BOB ARCTOR
131) 13) text: And the air is good. BOB ARCTOR
132) 1) text: This is where you sleep. BOB ARCTOR
132) 3) text: You mean back at the rehab? BOB ARCTOR
132) 10) text: But we usually send you back to your residence-of-origin for holidays. So you'll be visiting at Thanksgiving if you do good work. BOB ARCTOR
132) 13) text: Mountains, Bruce, mountains. BOB ARCTOR
132) 15) text: Echolalalia, Bruce, echolalalia. BOB ARCTOR
133) 6) text: You've had too much of a good thing. So get up and stop worshipping. This isn't your god anymore. Arctor keeps staring. The Executive Director reaches down and holds his open hand in Arctor's field of vision. Arct doesn't move his head; he just continues to stare, now at Executive Director's hand. BOB ARCTOR
133) 9) text: C'mon, back to work, Bruce. BOB ARCTOR
133) 12) text: I saw Substance D. I saw death rising from the earth itself, in one blue field. In very slow motion, Arctor picks a blue flower, and puts inside his shoe. Shift back to normal speed and color. BOB ARCTOR