15) 0) text: Jerry and the long-suffering dog are still in the shower. Charles Freck, early thirties and stoned, enters.
15) 1) dialog: Hey, Jerry, I was in the neighborhood looking to score, and I thought -- What the fuck are you doing in the shower with the goddamn dog?
15) 3) dialog: I don't see any aphids. What's an aphid?
15) 9) dialog: (beat, squints) How come I can't see them though? Jerry stops talcing the dog, looks up at Freck.
16) 2) dialog: Wow!    That is a big one!
17) 1) dialog: What do we get for these? I mean, does the doctor pay a bounty or something? A prize? Any bread?
17) 7) dialog: Jerry, these bugs sort of scare me.    I don't like it here by myself. Jerry stops, holds the door jam for support.    He is in
17) 9) dialog: Couldn't you --
18) 1) dialog: I'm afraid out here, man.
18) 3) dialog: Do these fuckers bite?
18) 5) dialog: Can I wash them off and wait for you? Jerry ignores Freck. He scrubs himself intently, ritualistically, totally absorbed in his task.
21) 0) text: Charles Freck is on the phone, speaking in hushed tones. CHARLES FRECK
21) 2) text: Christ, I'm looking to score myself. CHARLES FRECK
22) 0) text: Freck drives slowly along a strip-malled Anaheim street. passes a Thrifty pharmacy and notices the window display: bottles of slow death, slow death mixed with speed and ju and psychedelics. Dayglow signs in the window: "Your Credit is Good Here" and "Death to the Masses" He looks again. The window displays combs and shampoo. Freck check his rearview mirror, sees a police car following him. CHARLES FRECK
22) 1) text: Fucking goddamn fuzzmobile. What was I doing? Was I weaving? I don't even know. Freck drives very deliberately, his hands gripped, white- knuckled, on the steering wheel in an attempt to keep the completely straight. He tries his best to plaster a non- stoned, regular guy look on his face. But he's sweating. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
22) 6) text: Fuck. Fucking fuzz. Now I'll never be able to pull back into traffic. Freck sighs, resigns himself to waiting in his parking sp and checking out the young, mini-skirted women walking by CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
23) 0) text: Freck hurries after a pretty young woman, nineteen, with black hair. This is Donna Hawthorne. CHARLES FRECK
23) 1) text: Hey! Donna realizes that Freck is following her and picks up h pace. The sidewalk is crowded with people. Donna weaves through, graceful and fast. Freck struggles to catch up. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
23) 2) text: Hey! The light is against her at the corner and while the othe pedestrians wait for the WALK sign, Donna juts out into traffic, causing a Coke truck to swerve and honk. She giv it the finger. Freck waits with the others till the light changes. Then he runs, catches up with Donna, and walks backwards ahead of her, sweating and panting. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
23) 3) text: Donna! She ignores him, keeps walking. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
23) 9) text: Sure you are. I met you at his place. Donna turns and walks directly toward Freck, her little k pointing at his stomach. He jumps out of the way. CHARLES FRECK
23) 10) text: Jeez.   I just... Donna keeps walking. Freck shrugs and slouches dejectedly away. He turns and gives one last glance over his shoulde Donna has stopped amid the bustling foot traffic. She is squinting at him. Freck cautiously approaches her. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
23) 12) text: I thought you were going to knock me down and bang me. CHARLES FRECK
23) 14) text: I thought you might pull me into a doorway or something. CHARLES FRECK
23) 16) text: Well, I didn't recognize you.    I'm sort of nearsighted. Donna moves a few steps closer to Freck and squints at hi CHARLES FRECK
23) 23) text: That's a neat-o line, but I've heard it before. Everybody bangs me. At least they try to. That's what it's like to be a chick. CHARLES FRECK
23) 25) text: I'm suing one guy right now for molestation and assault. We're asking punitive damages in excess of forty thousand. CHARLES FRECK
23) 27) text: A hand around my boob. CHARLES FRECK
24) 0) text: Freck drives Donna home. CHARLES FRECK
24) 2) text: I can get it. CHARLES FRECK
24) 4) text: Sixty dollars a hundred. CHARLES FRECK
24) 9) text: They're super good. Take my word. CHARLES FRECK
24) 11) text: Cool.     How do I get in touch? CHARLES FRECK
24) 13) text: V. Freck? CHARLES FRECK
24) 14) text: Charles Freck. She corrects the name. Freck notices that her writing is slow and childish scrawl. It makes him sad. Then he steal a glance at her breasts as she writes. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
24) 16) text: I think I remember you now. CHARLES FRECK
24) 18) text: I better not. Jerry thinks I contaminated him originally with those bugs. CHARLES FRECK
29) 0) text: Charles Freck and Jim Barris sit in a booth. Freck plays distractedly with his glazed doughnut. Barris, in shades, pulls apart his patty melt, inspecting each ingredient. CHARLES FRECK
29) 2) text: No shit. CHARLES FRECK
29) 4) text: Hey, what kind of bread is this on the patty melt, anyway? CHARLES FRECK
31) 8) text: I'm sorry, hon? CHARLES FRECK
31) 13) text: (moaning) Oh, oh, fuck me, Barris. Fuck me... Freck, nervous the waitress will see the balloon, tries t get her attention on him. CHARLES FRECK
31) 21) text: (smiling) So would you guys like to order dessert? We have fresh peach pie. Freck can't take his eyes from the thought balloon. CHARLES FRECK
31) 22) text: No!   No, we don't want any dessert! The waitress smiles, nods, and leaves the table.   The th balloon dissipates. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
33) 1) text: Tell me, why the debate regarding turning yourself in for residence therapy at a drug rehab facility? CHARLES FRECK
33) 3) text: (dismissive wave) Fabin was a special case. CHARLES FRECK
33) 5) text: Oh, Bob's girl. CHARLES FRECK
33) 7) text: No.   He never got into her pants. CHARLES FRECK
33) 9) text: (shrugs) It's possible Donna's on junk. Her aversion to bodily contact -- junkies lose interest in sex, you see, due to their organs swelling up from vasoconstriction. And Donna shows inordinate failure of sexual arousal, not just to Bob, but to... other males as well. CHARLES FRECK
33) 16) text: Donna does coke. Anybody who would give her a gram of coke she would undoubtedly spread her legs for. CHARLES FRECK
33) 18) text: I, my friend, can derive a gram of coke for a total cost to me of under one dollar. From a product readily available at your neighborhood 7-11. CHARLES FRECK
34) 0) text: Freck and Barris drive along. CHARLES FRECK
34) 2) text: That's a fine 7-11. CHARLES FRECK
35) 6) text: Behold, what they've deliberately done is mix the cocaine with oil so it can't be extracted -- they cleverly call it benzocaine -- but my knowledge of chemistry is such that I know precisely how to separate the two. Barris sprays the entire contents of the can into a baggi CHARLES FRECK
35) 10) text: The terminal step I keep to myself, but it involves an intricate methodological process of filtering. CHARLES FRECK
35) 17) text: There's a great deal about Bob Arctor you're not aware of. Your view is simplistic and naive, and you believe about him what he wants you to. CHARLES FRECK
37) 0) text: The yard, lit only by moonlight, is overgrown with weeds littered with rubbish. Barris sits on a cracked cement patio fiddling with some sort of foam rubber and aluminum foil tube. Freck looks on anxiously. Ernie Luckman, a big stoner in a football jersey, sits on a decrepit swing set looks up at the moon, and sips a beer. CHARLES FRECK
39) 0) text: Arctor trudges through the pig-sty living room, past the ratty couch, the broken cephscope, the crooked pictures o the wall. He disappears into the kitchen. CHARLES FRECK (O.S.)
67) 0) text: Freck drives along in great spirits. He giggles and plots CHARLES FRECK
68) 5) text: How big? CHARLES FRECK
68) 7) text: How big a plant? CHARLES FRECK
68) 9) text: How much you pay, Freck? CHARLES FRECK
68) 12) text: They're practically giving meth plants away. CHARLES FRECK
68) 15) text: Where's it located, Freck? CHARLES FRECK
68) 24) dialog: (pissy)
68) 28) dialog: Fuck off. JIM BARRIS
68) 68) text: I was just kidding. CHARLES FRECK
68) 69) text: What if he comes back with his gun and silencer? Arctor and Luckman look dismissively at Freck, and go bac under the hood of the car. Freck stands nervously by his car, shifting from foot to foot, ready for a quick getawa CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
68) 71) text: Naw, stay, man, you're a brother. CHARLES FRECK
68) 79) text: Thought I would bring it with me, since I was indoors and noticed it. Freck watches this exchange.    He anxiously climbs in hi CHARLES FRECK
69) 0) text: Freck drives along, sweating. CHARLES FRECK
70) 0) text: The furniture has been removed from the lawn. Freck pulls into the driveway and heads to the house. He knocks on th door, waits, sniffling. He knocks again. CHARLES FRECK
70) 2) text: Hey, Jerry's gone. Freck looks over blankly at the hippy.    Then it registe CHARLES FRECK
70) 7) text: He's not dead, man. He's in the Number Three Federal Clinic. Freck lets this register.   He starts to cry again. CHARLES FRECK
97) 4) text: It is no problem how to kill yourself in the circles in which I hang. When life becomes more and more depressing as you watch those you know falling apart from drug use, just take a large quantity of reds. Freck places a bag of reds on the night table. CHARLES FRECK
97) 5) text: Wash 'em down with a bottle of cheap wine. Freck pulls a bottle of Thunderbird from the counter of h kitchenette and places it next to the pills. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
97) 6) text: The hard part is choosing the correct artifacts to be found on you by later archaeologists. So they know from which stratum you came and where your head was at when you did it. Freck pulls a copy of "The Fountainhead" from his book shelf, and places it face down and open on his bed. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
97) 7) text: I will be found with Ayn Rand's "The Fountainhead" open by my side to prove I have been a misunderstood superman rejected by the masses and so, in a sense, murdered by their scorn. Freck places a typewritten letter next to the book. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
97) 8) text: Also, an unfinished letter to Exxon protesting the cancellation of my gas credit card. That way I will indict the system and achieve something by my death. Over and above what the death itself achieves. Freck lies on the bed and readies himself for the suicide He unscrews the cap on the wine, tastes it, reconsiders. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
98) 0) text: Freck drives, an expensive-looking bottle of wine on the seat next to him. He anxiously eyes the gas gauge on empt CHARLES FRECK
100) 0) text: Freck sits up in bed in his now electric yellow room, sipping magenta wine. The walls are dripping. CHARLES FRECK
100) 1) text: I've been burned. These are not reds, but rather some freaky psychedelic, the likes of which I have never seen. The wall across from Freck's bed parts with a sloshing sound, and an eight foot high creature with many eyes and ultra-hip clothing appears at his bedside, holding a scro CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
100) 2) text: Fuck. You're going to read me my sins, aren't you? The creature nods solemnly and unrolls the scroll. CHARLES FRECK (CONT'D)
100) 7) text: We are no longer in the mundane universe. Your sins will be read to you ceaselessly throughout eternity. CHARLES FRECK