11) 0) text: Alice tugs Bella and Edward to the top of the landing, th skips down the stairs. They look down into -- THE LIVING ROOM - Hundreds of pink candles and rose-fille crystal bowls. ROSALIE, ESME, EMMETT, Carlisle, Jasper an Alice look up at her, all of them stunningly beautiful. Bella would love to disappear, but Edward leads her down THE LIVING ROOM -- where Esme and Carlisle hug Bella warm
11) 4) text: Found it in your bag.   Mind? Emmett moves to Edward's side.   Nudges him.
11) 6) dialog: Dating an older woman.    Hot. Bella caught that.    Edward elbows him sharply to shut u
11) 7) dialog: What? Rosalie steps up.    Shoves a silver package at Bella.
11) 15) dialog: Already installed it in your truck.
11) 26) text: Emmett. Emmett reins himself in, elbows Rosalie. They drag the snarling Jasper out. Esme holds her nose, politely exits with the others. Alice looks at Bella, apologetic --
31) 0) text: Alice faces off with Carlisle as the others watch on. Esm desolate; Emmett blank. He sits next to Rosalie who seems almost irritated. Jasper isolates himself in a corner.
31) 11) dialog: Can you see him, Alice?                               They all turn to Alice... a beat. She closes her eyes, trying to get a lock on Edward -- PUSH IN ON ALICE as --
78) 0) text: Bella enters to find it perfectly intact, lived-in, warm, candles glowing... and the Cullen family enjoying the evening - Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper. Bella is overwhelmed with joy at seeing them.
93) 0) text: Rosalie, on the phone, stands at the picture window -- ROSALIE'S POV - EXT. ALASKAN HOUSE - Emmett, Jasper, Carlisle and Esme walk away from the house, over the snow the treeline, on their way to hunt. None wear coats.
93) 3) text: Esme's a wreck, Carlisle never smiles.           Even Emmett's depressed. You've really done a number on them.
119) 9) dialog: The hell you will.   I'm not missing another fight.
119) 21) dialog: I vote hell yeah. We can pick a fight with these Volturi some other way. Esme approaches and embraces Bella warmly.