55) 0) text: -- Bella steps into the clearing, hopeful... but her face falls. In contrast to the warmth of her memory, the meado is cold, gloomy, cloudy. And no Edward. She closes her eyes, trying to force Edward here. Nothing.   Her eyes open on the empty, overcast meadow. Bella sinks to her knees. Tears threatening. But then she hears a RUSTLING noise. She turns toward it, peers into t woods. Another RUSTLING NOISE comes from another part of the woo She spins toward it -- nothing. Then she turns and JUMPS when she finds -- Vampire LAURENT standing just ten yards away.    Dreadloc chiseled face. Bella can't believe it.
55) 3) dialog: Bella.                                             She beams, realizing he's real.
55) 5) dialog: I must admit, I didn't expect to find you here.
55) 7) dialog: Tanya, I was. It was kind of him to arrange, given my association with James and Victoria, "The Enemy."
55) 9) dialog: I went to visit the Cullens, but their house is empty. I'm surprised they left you behind. Weren't you sort of a pet of theirs? Bella's smile falters, fear beginning to dawn on her.
55) 11) dialog: Do the Cullens visit often? Suddenly, EDWARD'S apparition appears between them.
55) 18) dialog: I don't think so. Tanya's "vegetarian" family was pleasant enough. But the dietary restrictions were difficult - living on nothing but animals. Suddenly, he's standing inches from her.   She now sees h EYES. Dark blood-red.
55) 19) dialog: (conspiratorial)
55) 21) dialog: But that's not why I left. I came back here as a favor to Victoria.
55) 23) dialog: (shrugs)                                          
55) 26) dialog: Yes. She feels it's only fair to kill Edward's mate, given he killed hers. Eye for an eye, mate for a mate. And now Bella knows.   Terror overwhelms her.   Edward ap
55) 30) dialog: I don't think he will. After all, how much could you mean to him if he left you here unprotected? (then)
55) 33) dialog: (sincere)                                     
55) 37) text: Edward. I love you.                                 Laurent is milliseconds from biting - then abruptly, his expression changes. He sees something in the forest behin Bella - and it terrifies him.
55) 38) dialog: I... don't believe it. He steps back. Bella's confused as she realizes he's no longer focused on her... she follows his eyes, slowly turning... to find behind her -- AN ENORMOUS BLACK WOLF skulking out of the darkness of th woods. It stalks towards them, a low disturbing GROWL in its throat, sharp teeth gleaming.