25) 44) text: The Intruders remove their masks.  The first is ASAD, a cautious Sufi Muslim possessing a restrained nobility. The second is a woman, NYSSA.  20-something, with emerald eyes and strong, darkly exotic features.  Both are Vampir
25) 45) dialog: My name is Asad.  This is Nyssa.  We represent the Shadow Cabinet.  The ruling body of Vampire nation.  They're offering you a truce.  They want to meet with you.
25) 47) text: Blade holds up his hand, silencing Scud's outburst.  He n for Nyssa and Asad to continue. Nyssa slowly crouches and reaches for the object she drop - a CD.  She tosses it to Blade.  Still keeping an eye on them, Blade slips the CD into a reader.  We SEE a slide-s of video capture shots taken from a surveillance camera. Nomak tearing into the blood bank staff, etc.
26) 5) text: Asad finishes his call and approaches them.
26) 6) dialog: They're ready to see you now.
27) 0) text: We track the helicopters across the night sky.  We SEE Whistler and Asad in one, Blade, Scud and Nyssa in anothe
29) 0) text: The Bell Jet Rangers touch down outside a terraced, Frank Lloyd Wright structure overlooking the ocean.  As Nyssa a Asad lead Blade, Whistler and Scud towards the facility w SEE a circular crimson logo encircling a double-helix. Scud notices a series of RED LIGHT DOTS on his arms and chest.  He looks up to see DOZENS OF VAMPIRE MARKSMEN on roofs above, training their weapons on them.
31) 0) text: Nyssa and Asad lead them into a hub out of which multiple corridors project.  They take the central corridor.
32) 3) text: As they move towards the final door, Whistler shivers.  S watches as his breath escapes from his mouth in a frosty plume.  Asad takes notice.
32) 4) dialog: Few warmbloods have seen what's beyond this door.
33) 4) dialog: Blade, this is Overlord Eli Damaskinos.
33) 17) dialog: Mr. Stevens works with the National Institute of Health. (off Blade's look) Given that they monitor the nation's blood supply, a strategic alliance seemed prudent.
33) 33) dialog: We've been training a small tactical unit -- the Bloodpack.  We want you to lead them.
41) 5) text: The vampires LAUGH.  Asad quiets them with a look, then gestures to them in turn.
41) 6) dialog: Blade, this is Reinhardt.  That's Snowman, Lighthammer, Priest, Chupa and Verlaine.
44) 5) dialog: Anyone who looks suspicious.
49) 0) text: Blade works his way through the crowd.  The beat is getti heavier now, the crowd more energized.  He briefly makes contact with Nyssa, but then she's gone again, disappeari into the sea of flesh, ducking past one of the vinyl shee into a corridor beyond.  Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest remain behind, searching the crowd. As Blade walks, he notices a series of grates beneath the feet.  We shift our POV --
55) 0) text: Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest.  THREE SHADOWED FIGURES lurking near one of the exits -- skinhead types, each wit hairline scar running down their chin. Asad silently motions to snowman and the others, indicati figures.  Snowman signs something back.  The vampire trio starts towards them.
58) 0) text: As the music reaches a crescendo, Asad notices MORE SHADO FIGURES by another exit.  And even MORE by a third.  Snow signs to Asad again, more urgently this time, as the firs potential Reaper begins to turn and we are --
60) 0) text: The first skinhead figure spins towards us.  It's a Reape All three of them are, eyes wide with bloodlust as they l at Asad and the others. Suddenly, the Reapers are everywhere, blocking the exits, ripping into their vampire victims, tossing them aside li toys.  Vampires scream and run, some taking to the walls means of escape, some racing across the ceiling.
67) 0) text: Asad hears Scud's message as he continues fending off a Reaper's attack.  Then he manages to get hold of his rifl He FLICKS on the UV entry light, aiming it at the Reaper' face.  The Reaper's head catches fire.  Asad SHOUTS to th others --
67) 1) dialog: Use your entry lights!
71) 23) text: Asad pulls out his handgun and empties the clip into Prie body -- but Priest keeps SHRIEKING. Unnerved, Reinhardt unsheathes a machete, decapitating Pr even as the others protest. The headless body continues thrashing, still making noise from it's open throat!  If anything, it seems to be redoubling its efforts.  It LURCHES forward, jerking itse free from Chupa and Snowman's restraining arms.
71) 33) text: Chupa flushes with anger and flicks his knife across Whistler's shoulder, opening a gash.  Whistler goes balli and PUNCHES Chupa in the face.  A brief tussle ensues bef Blade and the others can separate them.  As Chupa is pull away by Asad, he looks back at Whistler.
75) 29) dialog: What happens at sunrise?
75) 43) dialog: (pointedly) I don't think.  I follow orders.
75) 44) text: Asad looks to Nyssa once more -- perhaps he's even concer now.  She's still staring in the direction Blade left.
81) 7) text: Asad looks to Blade.
81) 8) dialog: What good is all this firepower if we don't know where they're hiding?
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
90) 0) text: As Nyssa, Snowman, Verlaine, and Asad cautiously move forward, Nyssa GASPS, startled by -- HALF A DOZEN REAPERS laying on the tunnel floor before th in a stagnant pool of sewage water.  Dead.
93) 0) text: Nyssa nods to Asad and Verlaine.  They train their UV las on the area where the Reaper corpses were -- but the Reap bodies are gone.  And so is Snowman for that matter.
93) 1) dialog: What?  Where did they go?
96) 0) text: Verlaine, Nyssa and Asad are FIRING their UV lasers.  The pumping flashes of their guns throw crazy shadows in ever direction.  Adding to the unbridled chaos of strobing lig and NOISE.  More and more Reapers are swarming towards th moving towards us at an unearthly clip!  Nyssa and her compatriots retreat, running for their lives.
99) 2) text: Asad and Nyssa also retreat.  Nyssa pulls a pin on a UV flashbang, throws it behind her.  BA-BANG!  UV light fill the tunnels and --
100) 0) text: Blade, Nyssa, Whistler and Asad abruptly find themselves in the four-way juncture, knee-deep in water.  They quick regroup, out of breath, riding adrenaline highs.
100) 3) dialog: Same with Snowman and Verlaine.
100) 17) dialog: What are you doing?
100) 20) text: Asad studies Blade with newfound respect.
100) 21) dialog: You won't make it.
100) 25) text: The foursome spin, FIRING their UV lasers down the Wester tunnel.  The Reapers SHRIEK, falling to either side, thei bodies burning -- Blade CHARGES FORWARD, firing his dying UV laser.  As he makes it past the line of Reapers, they start after him, driven into a frenzy by the pheromones.  The Reapers in t Northern and Eastern tunnels flood after Blade too, leavi Nyssa, Whistler and Asad to contend with the Reapers in t Southern tunnel.  They discharge their weapons, shoulderi Reapers aside, making a mad dash for freedom.
104) 0) text: Nyssa and Asad find themselves cornered.  Their UV lasers shot.  The Reapers are closing in and we're --
106) 0) text: A BLAST-WAVE of LIGHT fills the tunnel, chasing its way towards Nyssa and Asad, overtaking the Reapers before the Asad throws himself at Nyssa, knocking her into the knee- water, shielding her body with his own.