5) 1) dialog: exits just behind them, eschewing the stairs completely a vaulting over the railing.  He unholsters his MACH pistol he drops, FIRING it as he lands in a cat-like stance on t snowy ground below -- BA-BANG!  A silver-tipped bullet punches through T-Bag's chest.  He turns to ash even as his fellow vamps dash thr the disintegrating cloud that used to be his body.  The embers melt the snow where they land. A super-charged foot chase ensues, with hunter and prey moving at speeds in excess of anything a human would ever capable of.  We're talking thirty-five, even forty miles hour.
7) 0) text: -- the back entrance of a cramped, sweat-shop.  Some kind noodle factory filled with steam and equipment and YAMMER FOREIGNERS and -- -- here comes Blade, hot on the vampires' heels, shoulder workers aside and --
8) 1) dialog: Bursts from the factory.  Segura revs his BMW, trying to him down.  At the last second, Blade pivots aside like a matador.  Segura circles around for another try. Blade leaps, somersaulting through the air, then lands on back of the bike behind Segura.  SHINGGG!  Blade pulls a retractable garrotte wire from the sleeve of his jacket a wraps it around Segura's throat. With a violent twist, Blade decapitates Segura.  As the vampire's headless body turns to ash before him, Blade le forward and takes the controls of the speeding motorcycle WHOOSH!  Blade speeds after the other vamps.
10) 1) dialog: is gaining on him like demon of speed. Rush pulls a TEC-9, FIRING back at Blade.  It's no good. Blade is nearly upon him, unsheathing his sword from his scabbard -- Blade JABS his sword forward into Rush's rear-wheel.  The bike locks up, flips over, BURSTS INTO FLAMES.  The whole screaming wreck slews forward, SHOWERING SPARKS --
10) 3) dialog: Tell me where he his now and I'll consider you a loose end.
11) 0) text: CLOSE ON a peeling wall mural -- smiling 30s cartoon cow winking at us, licking her chops.  The logo reads: "TASTY Blade's matte-black Charger RUMBLES into view and parks i front of the abandoned milk factory.  Blade steps out, heaving an equipment sack onto his shoulder.
12) 2) text: Before the vampire can even finish his sentence, Blade's SWORD punches straight through the door into his chest. gasps and turns to ash as the sword disengages back out through the door and -- CRASH!  The door explodes open, sending clouds of burning vampire embers every which way.  In walks Blade, grinning wickedly, MACH ready -- As the other two vampires rise - POW!  A silver hollow-po hits the first one in the neck.  POW!  Another hollow-poi takes out the second.  The vampires drop, turning to ash. Blade holsters his MACH, striding through vampire ash pil The place is eerily quiet here, in stark contrast to the mayhem of the last few minutes.  Just the steady, low-pit HUM of machinery. Blade starts forward.  Up ahead, a FAINT GLOW is emitting from behind an area that's been sectioned off with canvas tarps.  Blade sweeps one of the tarps aside --
12) 4) dialog: Old man, old man, what've they done to you --
12) 5) text: Whistler's ace drifts around into view.  Blade shakes his head in sadness.  He looks about for a way to extract Whistler, doesn't see any obvious means, then -- CRASH!  Blade kicks through the glass.  Blood and fluids flood out around him as Whistler's limp body tumbles part down, but he's still suspended by the wires and medical leads.  Blade unsheathes his sword, severing the wires -- Whistler falls into his arms.  Blade cradles him, then -- gunsmith's eyes abruptly snap open, flooding with rage. Blade staggers back as the HOWLING horror that used to be mentor wraps his hands around Blade's throat, forcing him the ground.  Whistler ROARS, revealing a set of jagged fa
12) 7) text: Whistler SLAMS the back of Blade's head against the concr floor again and again, punctuating his words with each SL
12) 9) text: Blade knees Whistler in the balls.  Whistler lets go, cup his groin as Blade heaves him aside. Blade strips off his gauntlets.  Whistler springs at him again.  Blade sinks his fist deep in Whistler's stomach. Whistler doubles over, Blade twists Whistler's hands behi his back, cuffing his wrists together with a pair of tita manacles. Blade pulls a restraint hood from his equipment bag and quickly slips it over Whistler's head, cinching it tight. Another beat.  Whistler doesn't stir.  He's down for the count.  Blade pauses a moment, catching his breath as he leans on Whistler's still form.  He's exhausted.
12) 10) dialog: Come on, Whistler.
12) 12) dialog: Let's go home.
13) 0) text: Blade's battered Charger knifes through the snow-dusted u blight like a shadow.  Boarded up businesses, tent cities doorways bombed with graffiti throwups -- wherever this godforsaken Gomorrah is, it's definitely a notch down on misery scale from the city Blade used to call home. Up ahead, the sprawl levels out, giving way to an ice-bou harbor wreathed in fog.
14) 0) text: Blade drives on, inured to the sqaulor.  He made peace wi the darkness a long time ago.
16) 0) text: More UV lights flicker on.  We're in a massive loading elevator/platform which HUMS as it ascends, eventually reaching its destination with a BOOMING CLANG.  The doors the rear glide open.  Blade guides the Charger out.
17) 0) text: Santa's workshop by way of Soldier of Fortune.  Industria equipment is strewn everywhere.  Mills, old furnaces, gut vehicles, an ad hoc surgical theater.  We also notice the rig which Scud had been piloting.  Because of various lea overhead pipes, the floor is slick with a sheen of water. Blade kills his Charger, looking around as he climbs out.
17) 1) dialog: Scud!
17) 2) text: Blade's voice ECHOES throughout the cavernous room.
17) 6) text: Scud is lowering himself down from the ceiling on a rope pulley system where he'd been suspended in a safety harne doing some kind of electrical wiring job.  He reaches the floor and unclips himself.  We notice he's wearing a surf charm around his neck that's been strung with vampire fan Scud pulls a half-smoked roach from behind his ear, using lighter in the shape of a woman's torso to fire up.  The flame jets from a hole in one of her tits.  He takes a Spicoli-sized hit and offers the roach to Blade.
17) 8) text: Blade slaps it from his hand.
17) 9) dialog: Knock it off.  We've got work to do.
17) 10) text: Blade opens the trunk.  Scud joins him.
17) 13) text: Blade gets Whistler in a headlock, choking him as he drag him out of the trunk.  It's like trying to wrestle a rabi pit bull.  He looks to Scud, annoyed.
17) 14) dialog: You going to stand there crapping your pants or are you going to help me?!
17) 15) text: Scud steps forward, tentative.  Together, he and Blade dr Whistler kicking and SCREAMING across the workshop, forci him into a small, cell-like room.
18) 0) text: WHAP!  Blade throws Whistler onto the concrete floor, pin him as Scud quickly slips a series of chains around him w have been secured to the wall.  The opposite wall is cove by a series of steel shutters.  As Whistler continues to thrash, Blade affixes a muzzle to the older man's mouth.
18) 2) dialog: Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.
18) 3) text: Blade pulls out a pneumatic syringe, plunging an ampoule amber-colored fluid into the bottle mount.
18) 4) dialog: Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure.
18) 6) text: Blade injects Whistler with the syringe.  Whistler HOWLS pain, nearly throwing Blade and Scud off him.
18) 7) dialog: (to Scud) Get back!!!
18) 8) text: Scud scurries away.  Whistler's struggles have taken an e more violent turn.  Blade beats him back down. Finally, Blade steps on Whistler's neck, pinning his head he draws a shotgun from a holster beneath his armpit.  He shoves it in Whistler's SNARLING FACE.
18) 9) dialog: If there's anything of you left in there, Whistler, listen up now.  Come morning, those shutters are going up. Either you'll be cured, or you'll fry.
18) 10) text: Blade raises his foot from Whistler's neck, quickly backi out the door.  Whistler THROWS himself at Blade, nearly tearing the chains from the wall as --
19) 0) text: BOOM!  Blade slams the cell door closed.  The door is hea steel.  Nevertheless, Whistler kicks against it, threaten to tear it off its hinges.  Blade throws a heavy cross-ba over the door.  Then he steps back, joining Scud. WHUMP!WHUMP!WHUMP!  Whistler hammers the door again and a and again.  But the crossbar holds.  Blade glances at Scu who's looking winded and shaken by the ordeal.
19) 1) dialog: It's going to be a long night.
19) 2) text: Scud nods and exits.  Blade drags a chair across the floo setting it in front of the door.  He sits down, shotgun resting across his knees, holding vigil.  And off that gr stoic image we --
21) 0) text: Blade wakes up, lifts his head.  A shaft of sunlight shin directly down onto him, reflecting back at us from his no adult eyes.  Blade hasn't moved.  He sits in the chair in front of the cell door which is now silent.  He stands, unlocking the cell door.  He heaves the cross-bar away. door GROANS as he opens it.
22) 0) text: Blade enters.  It's dark.  We can just make out Whistler' figure huddled in the corner like some kind of caged anim his lanky, gray hair obscuring his face. Whistler doesn't stir.  Blade crosses over to the steel shutters.  For the briefest moments, he hesitates.  Then hits the switch, readying his shotgun.  With a HUM, the shutters rise, throwing a SHAFT OF BLINDING SUNLIGHT over Whistler. Nothing happens.  Blade lowers his shotgun.  Whistler slo raises his head, fixing Blade with a bloodshot eye.
22) 1) dialog: How do you feel?
23) 0) text: Whistler stands bare-chested before a corroded mirror, splashing water from a sink over his face, rinsing off shaving cream residue.  He inspects his features -- he's cleaned himself up a bit, trimmed his beard, etc. He pulls on a fresh shirt, then turns to face Blade, who stands behind him.
23) 2) dialog: Did you think I wouldn't?
23) 4) text: Blade smiles.  That was as close to a thank-you as this o junkyard dog is ever going to give.
24) 0) text: Whistler has fired up a Lucky Strike.  He's moving throug the storage area where much of his old equipment has been shelved, pulling tarps off, checking things.  Blade follo
24) 1) dialog: Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good.  I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide --
24) 5) text: Blade nods.  Then Whistler stops, obviously frustrated.
25) 2) text: Whistler cocks an incredulous eyebrow at Blade, who has fallen in beside him.  Scud kills the lathe and approache
25) 4) text: Scud offers his hand.  Whistler doesn't take it.  Scud sh an uneasy glance at Blade, raising an eyebrow in question Is Whistler okay, or not?  Blade nods.  Whistler moves ov to the Charger which has its hood up.
25) 12) text: Whistler just looks to Blade and shakes his head.
25) 15) text: Whistler gets in Scud's face.  Scud looks to Blade for he but he just watches, letting the two of them sort things
25) 20) text: Just then, however, an alarm starts BEEPING.  Scud checks display as Blade readies his MACH.
25) 22) dialog: Human?
25) 34) dialog: Hit the God-lights.
25) 40) text: Blade and the First Intruder freeze.  The Second Intruder steps away from Whistler, whom he clearly had the drop on and tosses the CAR-15 to the ground.
25) 42) text: Blade looks back to the First Intruder.  Then slowly withdraws his sword.  The Intruder does the same.  Blade turns off the God-lights.  The UVs fade and normal lighti returns.  Scud and Whistler pick themselves up off the fl
25) 43) dialog: Take off your masks.
25) 47) text: Blade holds up his hand, silencing Scud's outburst.  He n for Nyssa and Asad to continue. Nyssa slowly crouches and reaches for the object she drop - a CD.  She tosses it to Blade.  Still keeping an eye on them, Blade slips the CD into a reader.  We SEE a slide-s of video capture shots taken from a surveillance camera. Nomak tearing into the blood bank staff, etc.
26) 0) text: Blade, Whistler, and Scud stand near the ledge, while Asa stands a few yards off, talking on a phone.  Nyssa stands even further away, watching them with distrust.
26) 3) dialog: I agree.  We play along for now, we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks.
27) 0) text: We track the helicopters across the night sky.  We SEE Whistler and Asad in one, Blade, Scud and Nyssa in anothe
28) 0) text: Blade and Nyssa sit in the rear of the first helicopter. Nyssa is studying Blade.
28) 1) dialog: What?
28) 3) text: Blade smiles and opens his coat, gesturing to a bandolier plastic explosives secured to his chest.
28) 4) dialog: Semtex explosive.  Enough to level a city block.  How's that for assurance?
29) 0) text: The Bell Jet Rangers touch down outside a terraced, Frank Lloyd Wright structure overlooking the ocean.  As Nyssa a Asad lead Blade, Whistler and Scud towards the facility w SEE a circular crimson logo encircling a double-helix. Scud notices a series of RED LIGHT DOTS on his arms and chest.  He looks up to see DOZENS OF VAMPIRE MARKSMEN on roofs above, training their weapons on them.
33) 6) text: Damaskinos draws closer now, stepping into the light.  Br eyed with smile like moonlight gleaming off a knife blade His skin is impossibly pale, almost marble-like, with traceries of blue blood pulsing underneath.
33) 10) dialog: For what?
33) 14) text: As Blade and Stevens shake, Blade notices a vampire glyph poking out from beneath the familiar's shirt cuff.
33) 15) dialog: You're human.
33) 19) dialog: Why?
33) 21) text: Blade and the others turn to Nyssa, who uses a complex mechanical key to activate a holo-projector mounted above table.  As she focuses the image, a 3-D DIORAMA of vampir viral nucleocapsids swirls into view.  The nucelocapsids begin attacking human red blood cells.
33) 28) dialog: Seems like he's doing me a favor, then.
33) 30) text: Blade turns to Damaskinos.
33) 31) dialog: (vampire dialect; subtitled) You want me to hunt them for you.
33) 36) dialog: Then they weren't created to go after your "patient zero".
34) 0) text: Blade, Whistler and Scud enter through the loading elevat Blade turns to Whistler.
34) 1) dialog: What do you think?
34) 3) dialog: What do you really think?
34) 5) text: Whistler moves away.  Blade shrugs off his jacket, begins putting away his weapons.  Scud lingers, apprehensive.
34) 7) dialog: Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Isn't that how the saying goes?
34) 8) text: Scud follows Blade's gaze, watching Whistler, who has collapsed into a chair at the far end of the workshop.  T grizzled hunter pulls off his leg brace, then massages hi bum knee.  Scud nods in Whistler's direction.
40) 0) text: Blade is just finishing injecting himself with serum.  He sighs, falling back into the chair he's sitting in, waiti for the shakes to subside.  He unwraps a piece of rubbing tubing which he'd been using as a tourniquet, flexes his hand. The door to his room opens.  Scud stands there in silhoue
41) 0) text: Blade emerges into the workshop proper with Whistler and Scud.
41) 3) text: Their leader, DIETER REINHARDT (30s), is a square-jawed, chiseled Austrian.  Next to Reinhardt is SNOWMAN, a wire albino, LIGHTHAMMER, a massive Blackfoot Indian, and PRIE a bald-headed modern primitive with copious piercings and facial tattoos.  Rounding out the bunch is CHUPA, a blunt featured Puerto Rican, and VERLAINE, a familiar-looking curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lips that exudes a preda sexuality. (NOTE: Verlaine looks familiar because she is the twin si of Raquel, the bodacious vamp played by Traci Lords that Blade killed in the opening scene of the first film.)
41) 7) text: Reinhardt advances until he and Blade are nose to nose.
41) 9) text: A tense beat.  Then Blade flashes a broad smile.
41) 10) dialog: Alright, you want to play this game?
41) 11) text: Blade pulls out one of his silver stakes.  In response, t vampires reach for their weapons.  But Blade merely twirl around his fingers.  Then tosses it to Reinhardt.
41) 12) dialog: You've been training two years to take me out.  Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter.  So do it.
41) 14) dialog: We're going to be working as a unit, you people will be taking orders from me. (spreading his hands wide) So let's get it over with.  I'll give you a free shot, Reinhardt.
41) 16) dialog: Why are you looking at her for?  You need permission?   I'm giving it to you.
41) 18) text: Blade grabs Reinhardt's wrist, pulling the stake against chest, fixing the vampire with the deadliest of poker gaz
41) 19) dialog: What's wrong, Reinhardt?  You need a fucking manual?
41) 21) text: Reinhardt tenses, thrusting the stake forward -- but Blad has already whirled out of the way, trapping his hand, th violently twisting it backwards. Before Reinhardt even knows what's happening, Blade swing him around into a headlock.  In his free hand he's got a tiny, barbed flechette.  The barbs spring open like a tic gripping mandibles as Blade drives the flechette into the base of Reinhardt's skull.  Reinhardt HOWLS in pain, but Blade just tightens his grip, choking off Reinhardt's air
41) 22) dialog: Listen up, Adolph, I just popped an explosive charge in the back of your head.  Silver nitrate.  Rigged to blow if anyone tampers with it.  I'll be keeping the detonator on me at all times.  You so much as look at me crosswise and I swear you'll be macking your girlfriend's pie with a fucking neck stump!  Got it?!
41) 23) text: Reinhardt lets loose a choked GRUNT.  Blade releases him, dropping the GASPING AUSTRIAN to the floor.
41) 24) dialog: Any questions?
41) 35) text: Blade clears his throat and stands.
41) 36) dialog: If you girls are finished flirting, I'd like to get started.
41) 38) dialog: Didn't I kill you already?
41) 40) text: Beat.  Blade smiles coldly.
41) 41) dialog: This the part where you beat your chest and vow revenge?
41) 43) dialog: Save it for the director's cut.
41) 44) text: Blade moves on, stopping before Nyssa.
41) 45) dialog: Where to first?
42) 0) text: Blade, Whistler, and the Bloodpack are gathered on a roof overlooking a derelict city block.
42) 12) text: Before things can escalate, Blade steps between them.
42) 13) dialog: (to Whistler; sotto) He's right.  They'll smell that you're human.  Stay here, watch our backs.
42) 15) dialog: I'm not giving you a choice, old man.
42) 16) text: Whistler considers Blade's words, then reluctantly nods. Blade rejoins the vampires.  Reinhardt grins.
42) 18) text: Blade pulls out the remote for the flechette in Reinhardt head, holding it up for view.
42) 19) dialog: Keep pushing, asshole.
44) 0) text: The MUSIC is louder.  Neon-lit, corridor-long steel count line both walls, displaying various surgical instruments offered as party favors.  As Blade's scans the area, we S the deadly instruments reflected in his sunglasses.  Nyss looks to him.
44) 2) dialog: (cryptic) I haven't forgotten.
44) 7) dialog: You gotta be kidding me.
45) 0) text: A high-ceilinged ballroom packed with SWAYING BODIES. Retrofitted into a trance-dance hall.  Off to the sides, people are being pierced, tattooed, ritually scarred.  Si trays piled high with razor blades are passed through the writhing crowd.  Everyone looks suspicious.
45) 3) dialog: (to Nyssa) What is it with you people and pain?
45) 7) dialog: You reading me, Scud?
47) 0) text: The interior of the van has been outfitted into a mobile center".  Scud sits in a cluttered nest of electronic ephermera, munching on a bag of White Castle hamburgers. He's watching a video feed from a camera mounted on Blade gear, listening to the Bloodpack's CHATTER coming in from various audio channels.  In the background, he's also got Barry White's "Love Machine" playing.
49) 0) text: Blade works his way through the crowd.  The beat is getti heavier now, the crowd more energized.  He briefly makes contact with Nyssa, but then she's gone again, disappeari into the sea of flesh, ducking past one of the vinyl shee into a corridor beyond.  Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest remain behind, searching the crowd. As Blade walks, he notices a series of grates beneath the feet.  We shift our POV --
50) 0) text: -- and we are below Blade, looking up at him through the grate.  We are in a blood-encrusted drainage area just beneath the ballroom that slopes inward towards a large, octagonal iron culvert.  As we watch, a section of the culvert rises, a pair of RED EYES peering out from the darkness within.
51) 0) text: Blade follows Nyssa up a narrow staircase into a corridor lined with gangrenous, peeling wallpaper.  Some of the ro doors are shut, some open.  Clearly, many are occupied.
53) 0) text: Blade checks more doorways, catching half-glimpses of FLE LEATHER, and STEEL.  He hears SOBBING, MOANS, WHISPERS. Then, a distinctly HUMAN WHIMPER catches his attention. Nyssa opens a door onto an empty room.  A vacant stainles steel examination table gleams in the center, waiting. Blade pushes open another door.  We SEE a fearful YOUNG W crouching in the corner of a soiled room.  A corpulent VAMPIRE in a leather apron is hosing down the floor.
53) 2) text: Blade makes eye-contact with the woman.  She's clearly hu Blade tenses.  The corpulent vampire is getting irate whe
53) 4) text: THUNK!  Blade throws a sliver stake into the vampire's forehead.  Even as the vampire turns to ash, Blade motion for the girl to leave and we're out the hallway again, Ny turning around.
53) 6) dialog: (poker-faced) Nothing.
57) 0) text: As they near the end of the hall, Blade notices a drop-do attic door in the ceiling above.  He unsheathes his sword uses the tip to unlatch the trapdoor.  The counter-weight door CREAKS and LOWERS, unfolding a sectioned ladder.  We darkness beyond.  As Blade cautiously mounts the stairs - Nyssa's attention is drawn to a billowing piece of vinyl. BLURRY FIGURE is visible behind it.  Then it moves away. Nyssa ducks past the vinyl.
61) 0) text: Blade stops half-way up the ladder as he hears GUNFIRE. drops back to the floor, then notices that Nyssa is gone. pushes through the vinyl curtain and finds -- Nyssa force back against the wall, wrestling with --
61) 2) text: -- Nomak, who swings his head around towards Blade!  Blad FIRES his MACH pistol point-blank into Nomak's face, blas the Reaper backwards -- But Nomak is back on his feet in a split-second, SMASHING through a window onto the fire escape beyond.  Blade rush to the window, looks out --
64) 0) text: Blade steps out onto the icy fire escape.  CRASH!  Nomak dislodged the "H" from the hotel sign.  It comes HURTLING towards Blade, who ducks back into the center of the "O" avoid being hit.  The "H" continues falling, SMASHING dow into the street near the Mystery Van where --
68) 0) text: BOOM!  Blade kicks open the roof access door.  He hurries outside, followed by Nyssa, who hesitates when she SEES -
68) 2) dialog: (into com-link) Whistler!  He's heading across the roof! Take him!
68) 3) text: Nyssa falls back into the shadows as Blade continues onwa unsheathing his sword.
68) 4) dialog: Whistler!!!
70) 0) text: We're back with Blade as he chases Nomak across the roof.
70) 3) text: Nomak LAUGHS, then LUNGES, scooping up a rusty iron bar t lies nearby.  He swings it at Blade.  Blade parries and s backward, taking a blow to the head in the process, then another to the side. The two of them exchange a flurry of blows back and forth until their weapons lock and they are face to face.  Noma back is to the rising sun, now.  His whole body is beginn to lightly smoke. Both men are trembling, straining against their weapons, using every ounce of strength to keep the other at bay. just when it looks like Nomak is gaining the upper hand -
70) 5) text: -- Blade pivots the flat edge of his sword upwards, catch the light of the rising sun, reflecting it directly into Nomak's eyes! Nomak SCREAMS and rears back, his face catching fire.  Th he stumbles backwards and falls -- right off the ledge of roof!  Blade hurries to the roof's ledge and looks down - But the Reaper is nowhere in sight.  Dumbfounded, Blade retreats, haunted by the conviction that Nomak is still alive.
71) 0) text: Blade has returned to the scene of the melee.  The Reaper have fled, leaving Nyssa and the others to lick their wou and survey the carnage.  Quite a few full-body ash outlin marking the passing of various vampires.  Blade approache Nyssa.  She notices his wounds.
71) 2) dialog: (brushing off her concern) I'll heal.
71) 4) dialog: He escaped.  You didn't tell me they were immune to silver and garlic.
71) 7) dialog: We lose anybody?
71) 12) text: Priest lets loose an agonized SCREAM as Blade and the oth gather around him.  He's undergoing a horrific change, ta on the gaunt, vein-engorged features of a proper Reaper. SNARLS and WAILS, GNASHING his teeth like a rabid animal. Reinhardt and his team look uneasy.  Shaken by their teammate's downward progression.
71) 13) dialog: how long since he was bitten?
71) 15) text: Blade draws closer.  Already, the flesh on Priest's chin splitting as a seam begins to form.
71) 16) dialog: It's already changing him --
71) 26) dialog: Without batting an eye, he draws his MACH pistol, briefly aiming at the on-rushing creature's chest, then adjusting aim to one of the blacked-out windows above and behind it BAM!BAM!BAM!  Blade shoots out the window and BLAZING SHA OF SUNLIGHT slices down through the darkness, spotlightin Priest like an ant beneath a magnifying glass. FWASH!!!  The headless body is incinerated in mid-step. collapses to the floor, just inches before Blade.  One of blackened claws feebly grabs Blade's boot, then grows sti Beat.  You could hear the pin drop in the silence that follows, every one of the Bloodpack thinking some variati of "there but for the grace of God go I".  Asad lays a ha on Nyssa's shoulder, steadying her. Blade shifts his foot, causing the cinder-like hand gripp his boot to crumble to dust.
71) 28) text: Blade looks over to see Whistler, who is just entering. moves over to him, angry.  Chupa follows, equally pissed.
71) 29) dialog: I thought you were supposed to be watching our backs.
71) 33) text: Chupa flushes with anger and flicks his knife across Whistler's shoulder, opening a gash.  Whistler goes balli and PUNCHES Chupa in the face.  A brief tussle ensues bef Blade and the others can separate them.  As Chupa is pull away by Asad, he looks back at Whistler.
71) 36) dialog: (still suspicious) Where were you, Whistler?
72) 0) text: Whistler, Blade and the surviving members of the Bloodpac are now gathered around the octagonal iron culvert just beneath the ballroom.  Whistler turns on a flashlight.  W HEAR something moving in the darkness.  The group tenses, then Whistler's flashlight beam reveals --
72) 4) text: Blade looks to the culvert in question.  He pulls back on the sectioned covers.  The opening is about two feet wide just large enough for a man to gain access.
73) 0) text: Blade drops into the sewer line.  The area is claustropho damp.  There are torn pieces of insulation hanging from t ceiling, saturated and dripping with blood. Blade crouch-walks further in.  We hear WIND.  He shines FLASHLIGHT.  A portion of the brick wall looks like it's clawed open.
73) 2) text: Blade retreats back to the drain-pipe, pulling himself ba up.  We HOLD for a beat, then drift up to the blood-satur strips of insulation.  SOMEONE is crouched in the shadows there, clinging to the ceiling upside down. It's NOMAK, red-eyes shining in the darkness.
75) 0) text: The dying Reaper has now been chained inside the cell.  I WHEEZES and MOANS, clearly in agony.  Blade and Nyssa sta watch.  Blade grips the Reaper beneath its jaw, turning i face towards us.
75) 1) dialog: Recognize him?
75) 3) dialog: Which means he turned about seventy-two hours ago.
75) 5) dialog: Time.
75) 6) text: Blade nicks the Reaper's carotid artery with a knife.  CL SERUM oozes out, no red blood cells at all.
75) 7) dialog: No hemoglobin left. Their metabolisms are too fast.  They burn out.  That's why they're having to feed so often.  Their systems are self destructing.
75) 9) dialog: Nomak's different.  He's the carrier. (shaking his head) There's something driving him beyond the Thirst.  Something we're missing.
75) 21) dialog: Like cancer with a purpose.
75) 27) text: Blade studies the Reaper corpse, then looks to the Bloodp
75) 28) dialog: We've got six hours till sunrise.  Be ready by then.
75) 30) dialog: We take up the hunt again.
75) 32) dialog: You've seen what we're up against. Daylight's the only advantage we've got. They'll be more vulnerable then.
75) 34) dialog: Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it?
75) 36) dialog: You don't have a choice.  You're just going to have to protect yourselves as best you can.
75) 37) text: Blade spins and leaves.  Whistler follows.  Nyssa watches them disappear into Blade's room.  Reinhardt and the othe vampires approach her.
75) 44) text: Asad looks to Nyssa once more -- perhaps he's even concer now.  She's still staring in the direction Blade left.
76) 0) text: Blade sits in the shadows, wrapping a piece of rubber tub around his arm, injecting himself with pneumatic syringe serum.  He shivers, convulses violently, then throws back head in relief.  When he does so, he SEES -- Whistler standing in the doorway.  They eye each other a moment as Blade unwraps the tubing from his arm, puts awa his syringe and serum.  Whistler lights a cigarette, then nods through a window towards Nyssa and the others.
76) 2) dialog: I wouldn't worry about it.
76) 3) text: Blade moves to walk away, but Whistler stops him.
76) 5) dialog: Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy.
76) 7) dialog: It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you. You've been acting strange ever since I gave you the cure.  Reckless, quick to anger -- (beat) You said it yourself, Whistler.  Those vampires knew our defense system backwards and forwards.  Where'd they get their intel?
76) 10) text: Blade stares back at Whistler, calm as a viper.
76) 11) dialog: You're out of line, old man.
76) 14) text: Whistler turns and strides exits.  We HOLD ON Blade, torn conflicted, watching Whistler retreat.
78) 14) dialog: What do you think you're doing?
78) 16) text: The dealer takes off as Blade swings Chupa around.  They exchange a couple of blows, then Blade knees him in the balls, twisting him around by his arm, dislocating it. Blade releases Chupa, shoving him forward.  Chupa's broke arm dangles awkwardly.  Furious, Chupa reaches for his .4 with his good hand -- only to hear the CLICK of another g as it's placed against the back of his head.
78) 20) text: Chupa re-holsters his gun, then jams his dislocated arm u against the wall and resets it.  He backs away.  Nyssa watches him leave, looks to Blade.
78) 22) dialog: You don't have to hunt to do it.
78) 24) text: Blade doesn't answer, just moves away.  She follows.
78) 26) text: Off Blade's stony expression we --
81) 0) text: Scud stands before the others.  He looks bleary-eyed but pleased with the night's work.  The fruit of their effort are laid on a work table before them -- a half-dozen UV l guns, along with a collection of UV flashbang grenades an much bigger explosive device secured into a backpack carr Blade picks up one of the UV lasers.  He sights down the length of it.  Scud takes a power pack and slaps into the base of Blade's gun.
81) 7) text: Asad looks to Blade.
81) 9) dialog: We won't need to.  They'll come to us.
81) 11) text: Blade looks to Nyssa, who tosses Reinhardt an aerosol cannister.  He sprays a little, then wrinkles his nose in disgust, gagging.
82) 0) text: Beneath the ballroom gratings.  A high-angle shot looking down at the octagonal iron culvert around which Blade, Whistler, and the remainder of the Bloodpack are gathered The mechanized, sectional portions of the culvert coverin are GRINDING UPWARD, flowering open and apart like some b and rust-encrusted gateway to Hell.
83) 0) text: One by one, the group of hunters descend into the claustrophobic chamber.  Verlaine is lugs the UV bomb on back.  Blade leads them to the clawed-open portion of the brick wall, then on through.
84) 0) text: Blade leads the group along a grime-encrusted line which slopes gradually downward, sloshing through ankle-deep ru off water collected from the city above them.  Tendrils o mist drift about, cutting their field of vision even furt Here and there, thin SHAFTS of SUNLIGHT cut down through cracks in the street above, requiring the vampires to cautiously circumvent them. They reach a four-way intersection of tunnels.  Blade pau
84) 1) dialog: Time for Nyssa's pheromones.
84) 2) text: Blade opens a statchel.  Inside are a dozen distinctive aluminum atomizers.  He hands them out to the others. Whistler triggers a can, spraying a thin mist over his fa wrinkling his noses in disgust.
84) 4) dialog: We'll split into three units.  First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out.
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
87) 0) text: Blade and Reinhardt trudge along.  The tunnel slopes inwa forming a V-shaped channel where a trickle of water flows Blade notices SOMETHING bobbing in the water.  He nudges with his foot and knocks it free.  It's a broken HUMAN TI which twirls around, then flows past their legs. A few steps later on, Reinhardt notices SOMETHING ELSE. stoops into waist-deep water, picking up what he thinks i isolated HUMAN RIB -- but ends up snagging a tangled mass hair, mud, and bones.
89) 0) text: Blade and Reinhardt reach a dead-end where the tunnel has caved in.  A BERM OF HUMAN BONES slopes upward from the w -- skulls and ribs, vertebrae, tibias, metatarsi.  Blade kneels, inspecting them.  There are gnaw marks on them.
89) 1) dialog: Must be hundreds of these skeletons here.
89) 3) dialog: So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with.
92) 0) text: Blade and Reinhardt by the berm of human bones.
92) 2) dialog: Fry 'em.
95) 0) text: Hearing GUNFIRE and SCREAMS, Blade charges back in Whistl direction as --
98) 0) text: Blade FIRES his UV into a Reaper's torso.  As the Reaper incinerates, Blade spins, FIRING at a second Reaper --
98) 2) dialog: Take mine!
98) 3) text: Blade throws Reinhardt his UV laser and unsheathes his sw Reinhardt sweeps the lethal beam over the two reapers. Blade retreats back into the water, calm, letting the creatures comes to him.  As they close in on him, he slip the tip of the sword beneath the surface of the water, waiting -- As one, the Reapers converge on Blade.  He swings his swo up from the water, hacking away at them, using their own momentum against them. Reinhardt considers his options.  He decides to run for i
98) 4) dialog: Reinhardt!
98) 5) text: Reinhardt races away, abandoning Blade.  Blade reaches fo one of the UV flashbangs clipped to his harness.  He pull the pin with his teeth and shoves it into an on-rushing Reaper's mouth as -- Reinhardt slips on the wet concrete and -- BANG!  Searing LIGHT fills the tunnel, instantly incinera the Reaper. Reinhardt's unprotected face CATCHES FIRE.   He SCREAMS, falling back into the water, trying to douse the flames. ANOTHER REAPER lands atop him, dragging him down as --
99) 0) text: We hear GUNFIRE and SCREAMS coming from all directions. Blade retreats.  A reaper, fully ON FIRE from the UV explosion, races towards him.  As Blade decapitates it:
99) 1) dialog: (shouting into radio) Re-group!  Re-group!
100) 0) text: Blade, Nyssa, Whistler and Asad abruptly find themselves in the four-way juncture, knee-deep in water.  They quick regroup, out of breath, riding adrenaline highs.
100) 5) dialog: (quietly) A little too well, I'd say.
100) 6) text: The others turn to look in Blade's direction.
100) 14) text: The foursome are managing to keep the Reapers at bay, but just barely.  Blade motions to Nyssa.
100) 15) dialog: Give me the rest of the pheromones.
100) 16) text: Nyssa reaches inside her harness, handing Blade the remai atomizers.  He crushes them in his fist, letting the flui within spill over his face and chest.
100) 18) text: The Reapers become even more agitated, HISSING loudly, pressing in on them closer and closer.  Blade nods his he back down the Western tunnel.
100) 19) dialog: Verlaine's body is back there somewhere with the UV bomb.  If you train your guns in that direction, you'll drive an opening in their ranks.  I'll run for it.  When the Reapers come after me, you make a break for it the other way.
100) 20) text: Asad studies Blade with newfound respect.
100) 22) dialog: (hefting his UV gun) Then I'll die trying, won't I?
100) 24) dialog: Save it.  I don't want to hear your words.  Let's do this NOW!!!
100) 25) text: The foursome spin, FIRING their UV lasers down the Wester tunnel.  The Reapers SHRIEK, falling to either side, thei bodies burning -- Blade CHARGES FORWARD, firing his dying UV laser.  As he makes it past the line of Reapers, they start after him, driven into a frenzy by the pheromones.  The Reapers in t Northern and Eastern tunnels flood after Blade too, leavi Nyssa, Whistler and Asad to contend with the Reapers in t Southern tunnel.  They discharge their weapons, shoulderi Reapers aside, making a mad dash for freedom.
101) 0) text: Blade runs, splashing and stumbling through the water, ju hair's breadth ahead of the HOWLING Reaper horde.  Sudden the tunnel widens out into a larger chamber.
102) 0) text: Whistler and the others FIRE BACK at the small group of Reapers which have followed them, rather than Blade.
103) 0) text: Blade reaches Verlaine's half-submerged body.  He tears t backpack carrier off the dead vampire and hefts it onto h shoulder, charging up an elevated concrete embankment as
105) 0) text: Back with Blade, the Reapers overrunning him.  They pile one another in a frenzied effort to get to him.  Dozens a dozens of them.  And still Blade struggles upward, liftin the UV cluster bomb triumphantly above his head, triggeri the device. The world goes white. No explosions.  Just BLINDING, PURIFYING LIGHT leaving us with a retina-burn image of Blade's silhouette surrounded Reapers.  In that brief instant, the Reapers are frozen, revealed as WRAITH-LIKE X-RAY IMAGES of bone and muscle.
107) 0) text: Darkness, then patterns of subtle shadow and light as our vision slowly returns.  FWASH!  Blade strikes a FLARE.  I the sputtering aureole, the aftermath is slowly revealed. Blade crouches, unscathed, as if he were standing ground in the aftermath of Hiroshima.  Scores of Reaper ash-outl radiate out from him, some of them flash-seared into the surrounding brickwork walls like permanent shadows.
108) 0) text: Blade slowly makes his way down the tunnel, using the sputtering flare to guide him.  As before, he sees nothin but Reaper ash outlines.  But then, Blade sees --
109) 0) text: BANG!  Blade kicks open a pair of doors, hurrying Nyssa inside.  He's carrying her limp form in his arms, having wrapped her in a blanket.  Blade himself looks like hell warmed over -- covered in blood, ash, and grime. He rushes her towards the ER, navigating through a maze o PATIENTS and VISITORS.  An ER NURSE approaches.
109) 2) text: WHAM!  Blade shoulders the ER NURSE aside, barreling into triage where bewildered DOCTORS and ORDERLIES wait.
109) 4) dialog: She needs a hypertransfusion.  NOW!
109) 5) text: Blade sets Nyssa down on an operating table, pulling off blanket.  She's badly burned and she's lost an enormous amount of blood.  As we watch, she GROANS, revealing her fangs.
109) 9) text: WHAP!  Blade slaps the cop's gun away and KICKS him in th chest.  The cop flies backwards, SLAMS into a bank of equipment, falls.  A NURSE SCREAMS.  In a near blur, Blad has his MACH out and pressed against the Doctor's forehea
109) 10) dialog: Do you want to die?
109) 12) dialog: (holstering his MACH) Then get your fucking team in gear.
109) 13) text: Blade unsheathes his sword, deftly drawing the edge acros his wrist, opening a vein.  He cradles Nyssa's head, pull her mouth to the wound on his wrist.  And as she starts t feed we pull back and --
111) 0) text: Blade stands beneath the showerhead, turning his face up the scalding spray, rinsing the blood from his chiseled physique.  Crimson water circles the drain.
112) 0) text: Nyssa now rests on a cot.  Peaceful, the color having somewhat returned to her features.  After a moment, her e flutter open and she takes in her surroundings.  She is i Blade's austere bedroom -- there are tatami mats, a basin water, a well-thumbed volume of Zen koans.
112) 3) dialog: What?
112) 7) dialog: I don't think so.
112) 8) text: Blade enters, kneeling by the edge of the cot, inspecting wounds.  Studiously avoiding her gaze.
112) 10) dialog: For what?
112) 12) dialog: (shrugging) I wouldn't read too much into it.
112) 13) text: She reaches for his face.  Blade stops her hand.
112) 14) dialog: You don't want to go there.
112) 16) dialog: Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends.
112) 18) dialog: Get real.  I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on.  Now that it's over, all bets are off.
112) 20) text: Blade stands now, moving to the ice-covered window, troub by the question.  Damned if he knows the answer.  After a beat, Nyssa rises too, keeping to the shadows.
112) 22) dialog: I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I do.  It's in my blood.
112) 24) text: Nyssa pursues Blade, circling around in front of him so h has to face her again.
112) 26) text: Blade moves away.  She reaches for his shoulder.  He whir on her, angry, traps her hand.  She tires to pull it free he grips her wrist tightly, pulling her closer --
112) 28) dialog: Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said?
112) 30) dialog: Reminds you you're alive?
112) 31) text: And Blade kisses her, hungrily.  Nyssa responds in kind. head drops low, her mouth finding the cords of his neck - sucking at his flesh, then sinking her teeth in deep and WHAM!  Blade clamps a hand around her throat, slamming he head back.  A droplet of blood dribbles from her lips as lets loose a breathless shudder.  She's in the ecstatic throes of the Thirst now, all reason gone. Blade reaches his other hand to her shirt, ripping it ope he runs his fingers across her breasts, then over her exp rib cage.  He turns her around, forcing her against the w sinking his own fangs into the back of her neck.  She gro as we --
112) 39) dialog: He was here.  Watching us.
112) 41) dialog: He wants us to know he's hunting us now.
112) 43) dialog: Nomak said something to me before he disappeared the first time --
112) 44) text: Blade points to the screen, saying the words as Nomak silently mouths them.
112) 45) dialog: Athelfiki singenia ex amato.  At first I thought he might've been using one of the vampire dialects.  But it turns out, it's Greek.  Do you know what it means?
112) 47) dialog: It means "bloodbrother."
112) 50) text: Blade spins, his MACH pistol up and ready to fire.  Whist sits on the opposite side of the room, watching them as h smokes.
112) 52) dialog: Where the hell have you been?
112) 54) text: Whistler rises from his chair.  He flicks his cigarette b into the shadows and fixes Blade with a heavy stares.
112) 56) text: Blade is still guarded, not yet ready to lower his MACH.
112) 57) dialog: What's your problem, Whistler?
112) 59) text: Blade looks to Nyssa, but she seems equally perplexed.
112) 61) dialog: Then who does he work for?
112) 62) text: Whistler gives Nyssa a rueful stare, then tosses Blade a research folder.  On the cover is the same red, double-he logo we saw at Damaskinos' facility.
112) 64) text: Nyssa look to Blade, imploring.
114) 3) dialog: Stands in the entry way.  Whistler is behind him, holding gun to Nyssa.  Scud is there, too.
114) 4) dialog: (mobing in on Stevens) Start talking, bitch.
114) 6) text: Blade spins Stevens around, shoving his face against a gl case, crushing the man's nose, spiderwebbing the glass.
114) 7) dialog: Nomak!  You created him!
114) 8) text: Blade clamps his fingers around Stevens' broken nose and twists it with a sickening CRUNCH.  Stevens SCREAMS, cavi
114) 10) text: Blade releases him.  Stevens sinks to the floor, cradling brutalized face.
114) 11) dialog: Keep talking, Stevens.  Tell me why.
114) 17) text: But Blade's not concerned about that now.  He's got somet more pressing on his mind.
114) 18) dialog: The genetic material you spliced into Nomak -- (beat; almost fearful) Where did you get it?
115) 9) dialog: Thought you were dead.
115) 11) text: As Reinhardt aims the rail gun at Blade, a DOZEN VAMPIRE GUARDS appear on the catwalks above, also taking aim.
115) 13) text: Blade does his level best, pulling his MACH, squeezing of SHOT even as Reinhardt FIRES.  BA-BANG!  Blade is hit in side, spun clear around.  His shot goes wild, hitting one the Guards in the head, turning him to ash as Blade himse falls to the floor.
115) 15) text: Blade GASPS in shock.  The rail-gun needles have ripped a brutal hole through the side of his chest-plate.  He clut at his flank, trying to staunch the blood that's seeping between his fingers.  As he sits forward, we see MORE FLECHETTES have embedded in the wall behind him, having t completely through him. Whistler steps forward.  One of the vampire sentries LASH OUT, striking him in the face with the butt of his rifle. Whistler sinks to his knees, stunned.  The guard disarms
115) 17) dialog: Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt.
115) 21) text: Blade's eyes darken with hatred.  Reinhardt laughs.
115) 23) text: Reinhardt digs his claws into his scalp and tugs the barb flechette from his skull.  As he does so, Blade's remote detonator BEEPS to indicate it's being tempered with. Reinhardt finishes removing it and sighs contentedly.
115) 27) text: Blade looks to Nyssa who averts her gaze.
115) 33) text: Scud shakes his hand, which is smarting from the blow.  H looks to Blade now, angry.
115) 35) text: He pinches Blade's cheek.  Then he stands up.
115) 37) dialog: (weak, but defiant) Two things.  One, I was on to you the moment they turned you.  And two -- (raising the detonator; smiling) I switched that dud of yours back with the real one.
115) 38) text: Scud has a split-second of terrified, wide-eyed realizati before Blade pushes the button and BOOM!  The flechette i Scud's hand EXPLODES, blowing his body apart, spraying th nearest him with blood.  Primarily Reinhardt.
115) 40) text: As the others react with varying degrees of surprise and horror, Reinhardt savagely KICKS Blade across the face. HITS Blade again and again, driving him down to the floor Then he bends and tugs the sword from Blade's back-scabba preparing to cut his throat.
115) 42) text: Reinhardt hesitates.  Nyssa takes a step towards Blade, b Damaskinos stops her.  Damaskinos gestures to his guards. They haul Blade up and drag him from the lab.  Reinhardt gestures to Whistler.
116) 0) text: Blade is dragged into a large autopsy room.  The vampire guards lay him on a steel autopsy table.  He struggles against them, but he's just too weak from loss of blood. Eventually they get him secured, clamping his wrists and ankles into steel manacles which are affixed to the table
117) 1) text: Blade's sword pommel as the booby-trap blades in the hand spring out.
117) 3) text: PULL BACK to reveal Reinhardt holding Blade's sword.  He gives it a few practiced swings, then runs his thumb alon the blade.
119) 0) text: Damaskinos enters, followed by Carter Stevens.  The guard remain posted at the main entrance of the room.  Damaskin approaches, looking down at Blade. Blade stares back at him, still defiant, but fighting a losing battle.  He's dying and he knows it.  His breathin shallow.  It's an effort just to keep his eyes open.
119) 2) text: TWO SURGEONS snap on surgical gloves.  Stevens is enjoyin seeing Blade helpless.
119) 4) dialog: (weakly) Nomak is still out there.
119) 6) dialog: Too bad you're out of it.
119) 7) text: Damaskinos is amused by Blade's seeming lack of concern.
119) 9) dialog: Revenge.  That's what Nomak wanted all along.  To pay back the people who created him.
119) 11) text: Blade smiles, laughing tiredly.
119) 12) dialog: He does now. (off their concerned looks) He's been watching me since the tunnels. Following me.  I led him right to you.
119) 13) text: Blade lifts up his hand, unfurling his previously closed fist.  There is a deep gash in his palms.
119) 14) dialog: Just like a trail of bread crumbs.
119) 15) text: Damaskinos stares at Blade's hand, then looks to the floo A line of blood droplets lead back to the doors through w he entered.
126) 0) text: CLOSE ON a grate moving up from the floor.  Whistler emer rushing to Blade's side.  As he starts frantically releas Blade from his bonds, he looks to the ravaged door --
126) 1) text: Nomak savages the guards, flinging them into the air.  A guard's body hits the V-gap in the door and obscures our as -- Whistler redoubles his efforts, finally freeing Blade.  H helps him from the autopsy table.  Blade is sinking, star to fade.  Whistler slaps his face, shaking him.
126) 3) dialog: (weakly) Blood...
128) 0) text: WHAM!  The door gives way and Nomak enters.  To the right SEES Whistler and Blade exiting.  To the left, he SEES th security monitors.  Damaskinos and Stevens can be glimpse one of these monitors. Nomak moves to the left.
129) 0) text: Blade clutches his bleeding side, staggering down the corridor towards a door marked "Eugenics" with Whistler's help.  By all rights, Blade should be dead.  But he conti on, moving towards the door with determination.
132) 0) text: WHOOSH!  A pneumatic door slides open.  Blade and Whistle enter.  They are on the second level now, up amongst the catwalks.  Below them is the churning cask of purified bl They have almost reached the end of the catwalk when --
132) 3) text: As Reinhardt takes aim at Blade with the shotgun, the oth vampires FIRE.  Whistler is HIT in the leg.  He goes down CRYING OUT, then grips Blade's arm, shoving him onward --
132) 7) dialog: surfaces from the cask in morbidly glorious slow-motion. Think of Sheen in the end-sequence of Apocalypse Now, onl instead of a river of mud, Blade is covered head-to-toe i crimson.  Majestic and glistening.  A primordial god.  He rears back his head, letting loose a triumphal ROAR. Reinhardt's men hesitate.  One look at Blade's eyes and w can see he's tapped into a well-spring of fury even he ne knew he had.  The man is super-charged and ready for war. Blade tears into the vampires, unleashing a blizzard of martial arts moves.  He powers a right hook into the firs vampire's face, then pivots, launching a devastating spin back-fist into the face of a second.  At the same time, h rips the second guard's security belt from his waist, twirling it around nanchadku-style to blind a third guard capture the wrist of a fourth. Some vampires FIRE their guns, but Blade is a whirlwind, shifting and dodging.  BULLETS go wild, hitting circuitry EXPLODING APART cannisters of combustible chemicals.  In seconds, FLAMES are licking across the laboratory floor. Blade drops, causing a pair of vampires to FIRE their gun one another. Then Blade knocks two more vampires onto their asses with foot sweep.  Then he's up again.  Slamming the bridge of fifth vampire's nose into his brain with a palm heel stri A snap kick, an overhand elbow strike, a knee stamp that shatter's the vampire's knee cap.  An upward block, a jab cross, a shin kick aimed at a vamp's quadriceps. Overhand punches, rising punches, parallel punches, spinn rear elbows, deep kicks, on and on and on and on in an or of super-hero violence until -- WHAM!  Blade cuts the last of the vampire soldiers down, turning from the creature's disintegrating body to face -
132) 9) dialog: Tell me something, chief.  Can you blush?
132) 10) text: TWHISH!  The sword twists free from Reinhardt's grasp, spinning upward into the air.  Reinhardt stumbles backwar against the blood cask railing as -- Blade catches the sword on its way down, swinging it arou in one fluid motion, slicing Reinhardt's torso in half, a with a diagonal axis!  Reinhardt sinks to his knees as th TWO HALVES split apart, turning to ash before they hit fl Beat.  Blade stands beneath the spray of the overhead sprinklers, rinsing the blood from his body.  He turns towards the exit, sword in hand.
133) 7) dialog: What's it going to be, Damaskinos? Thiavolos.  The devil you know --
133) 8) dialog: enters the lobby from a mezzanine above, sword in hand.
133) 9) dialog: -- or the devil you don't?
133) 16) dialog: (alarmed) Get out of here!
133) 18) dialog: Nyssa!!!
133) 23) text: Nomak smiles, covering Blade's hands with his own.  He lo blade in the eye, then drives the broken sword home. Nomak's body stiffens, his eyes grow unseeing, an oddly serene look spreading across his tortured face.  A patch BLACKNESS begins radiating outward from his chest, moving over his body, carbonizing him from within.  As his black flesh begins to crack, BLUE FLAMES flicker out from the fissures.  In seconds, Nomak is gone. Beat.  Blade stands, exhausted.  Then he looks to where N rests.  He moves to her side, kneeling beside her.  She smiles up at him, bravely, but frightened all the same. Blade inspects the wound on her neck.  It's clearly fatal
133) 25) dialog: (with genuine sadness) Not good.
133) 26) text: Nyssa nods.  Blade has only confirmed her existing fears.
133) 28) text: She grips Blade's arm, her eyes welling with tears.
133) 30) text: Blade sighs.  The burden is all to familiar to him.
133) 31) dialog: What do you want me to do?
134) 0) text: The shutters over the doors and windows slowly rise.  Bla shoulders open the front door, moving across the lawn tow a bluff overlooking the ocean.  A moment later, Whistler emerges into the light, watching as Blade sets Nysa down the grass.  Her eyes flutter open and she looks into --
134) 3) text: Blade nods, he's strong for her.  Despite his best effort tear slides down his cheek.  They kiss then as the sun ri in full glory, flooding the world with its brilliance. Blade holds Nyssa tightly to his chest, refusing to relinquish his grip as her body catches fire.  The end is blessedly quick -- not a slow-burn of blazing agony, but nearly seamless transition from life -- To ash...  Nyssa collapses apart in Blade's arms, billowi out around him in a cloud of glowing embers.  One moment she's there, the next she's gone.  Blade remains where he kneeling on the bluff, the wind carrying the last traces Nyssa aloft into the sky.  He shuts his eyes.  Turns his to the warmth of the sun, surrendering himself to accepta
135) 0) text: Blade works before a forge by moonlight, his body drippin with sweat.  He slips his hand in a protective glove and grips the red-hot weapon, dousing it in a quench bucket. a cloud of steam envelops Blade, he lifts it up for view.
135) 2) dialog: I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I do.  It's in my blood...
135) 3) text: Satisfied with his work, Blade smiles --
138) 3) dialog: Who flashes an evil smile at us.
138) 4) dialog: What?  You think I forgot about you?
138) 5) text: In a near blur, Blade draws his new sword from his back scabbard and stabs it RIGHT INTO CAMERA, SMASHING apart t Plexiglas window as we --