41) 3) text: Their leader, DIETER REINHARDT (30s), is a square-jawed, chiseled Austrian.  Next to Reinhardt is SNOWMAN, a wire albino, LIGHTHAMMER, a massive Blackfoot Indian, and PRIE a bald-headed modern primitive with copious piercings and facial tattoos.  Rounding out the bunch is CHUPA, a blunt featured Puerto Rican, and VERLAINE, a familiar-looking curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lips that exudes a preda sexuality. (NOTE: Verlaine looks familiar because she is the twin si of Raquel, the bodacious vamp played by Traci Lords that Blade killed in the opening scene of the first film.)
41) 17) dialog: Take him, cabron!
41) 29) text: Whistler flicks on the entry light.  Then notices that Ch isn't paying attention.  The vampire is looking at Snowma who is saying something in sign-language.  Chupa snickers Whistler picks up a massive gun with a modified C-mag (hundred round cylindrical mag).  It has a strange electr assembly barrel with shockwave ports running along it.
41) 31) text: Whistler FIRES -- BA-BANG!  A SONIC BOOM rocks the worksh SHATTERING a number of windows and computer monitor scree as a wad of needle rushes just millimeters past Chupa's f embedding in the wall behind him.
41) 32) dialog: Hey, hey!  The fuck you doing?!
41) 34) dialog: Well you've got it, warmblood.  Now what the fuck are you gonna do with it?
49) 0) text: Blade works his way through the crowd.  The beat is getti heavier now, the crowd more energized.  He briefly makes contact with Nyssa, but then she's gone again, disappeari into the sea of flesh, ducking past one of the vinyl shee into a corridor beyond.  Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest remain behind, searching the crowd. As Blade walks, he notices a series of grates beneath the feet.  We shift our POV --
55) 0) text: Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest.  THREE SHADOWED FIGURES lurking near one of the exits -- skinhead types, each wit hairline scar running down their chin. Asad silently motions to snowman and the others, indicati figures.  Snowman signs something back.  The vampire trio starts towards them.
71) 10) text: Priest, being held down by Chupa and Snowman.  He's thras about, clutching his wounded, infected arm.
71) 23) text: Asad pulls out his handgun and empties the clip into Prie body -- but Priest keeps SHRIEKING. Unnerved, Reinhardt unsheathes a machete, decapitating Pr even as the others protest. The headless body continues thrashing, still making noise from it's open throat!  If anything, it seems to be redoubling its efforts.  It LURCHES forward, jerking itse free from Chupa and Snowman's restraining arms.
71) 24) dialog: Mierda!!
71) 28) text: Blade looks over to see Whistler, who is just entering. moves over to him, angry.  Chupa follows, equally pissed.
71) 31) dialog: (approaching, hostile) Oh yeah?  Like how little?  In case you hadn't noticed, we lost two men while you were out farting around.
71) 33) text: Chupa flushes with anger and flicks his knife across Whistler's shoulder, opening a gash.  Whistler goes balli and PUNCHES Chupa in the face.  A brief tussle ensues bef Blade and the others can separate them.  As Chupa is pull away by Asad, he looks back at Whistler.
71) 34) dialog: Listen, hillbilly, you are a cunt-hair away from cowboy heaven.
75) 31) dialog: You gotta be fucking joking.
75) 40) dialog: This guy doesn't know what the fuck he's doing.  We already lost Priest and Lighthammer, who's gonna be next?  Fuck him.  Fuck his rules.  First chance I get, I'm chowing down on that fucking HeeHaw sidekick of his.
77) 0) text: We SEE a FIGURE emerge from the shadows -- CHUPA.
78) 0) text: Chupa walks the night, scanning shadows.
78) 1) text: Like heat-vision, only tinged with crimson.  There are DR DEALERS and bottom feeding WHORES trolling for tricks out here, BEATING HEARTS and BRANCHING ARTERIES highlighted o their ghostly silhouettes. Chupa moves to the mouth of an alley, nodding to a DEALER
78) 3) dialog: What you got?
78) 6) text: Chupa sniffs the air, glancing at a pulsating vein on the dealer's neck, and smiles.
78) 7) dialog: Whatever, huh?  Well I'm all off the hook on that bitch.
78) 8) text: Chupa steps into the alley with the dealer.
78) 10) dialog: Fear.
78) 11) text: Chupa is at the dealer's throat before he can finish, flashing his fangs, shoving him backwards.  Then --
78) 12) dialog: I like a little adrenaline chaser.
78) 15) dialog: Trying to feed, puto baboso!
78) 16) text: The dealer takes off as Blade swings Chupa around.  They exchange a couple of blows, then Blade knees him in the balls, twisting him around by his arm, dislocating it. Blade releases Chupa, shoving him forward.  Chupa's broke arm dangles awkwardly.  Furious, Chupa reaches for his .4 with his good hand -- only to hear the CLICK of another g as it's placed against the back of his head.
78) 19) dialog: Oh I haven't forgotten about Asad.  I'm just wondering if you have.
78) 20) text: Chupa re-holsters his gun, then jams his dislocated arm u against the wall and resets it.  He backs away.  Nyssa watches him leave, looks to Blade.
81) 14) dialog: Fuck that!  I'm not spraying some gash hound's nut-juice on me!
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
85) 0) text: It's darker here, no shafts of sunlight slicing down from above.  Whistler turns on his UV entry light.  Chupa reac out with his hand, partially blocking the beam.
85) 1) dialog: Turn it off.
85) 2) text: As the shifting patterns of light and shadow play across Chupa's face we SEE his pupils contract and dilate unnaturally large in response.
85) 3) dialog: We want to attract them, not scare them off.
85) 5) text: Chupa tosses Whistler a pair of night-vision goggles.
85) 6) dialog: Bifocals, grandpa.  And try to keep up.
85) 7) text: Chupa heads into the darkness, moving with uncanny speed.
88) 0) text: Whistler and Chupa move side by side.  Chupa is anxious, darting about.  Occasionally, they come upon a transectio with smaller conduits leading off to the right and the le Then they reach a stooped, narrower tunnel and have to mo single file. Suddenly, a BLAST of LIGHT and THUNDEROUS SOUND explodes above them.  They look up --
91) 0) text: Back with Whistler and Chupa, Whistler is in the lead.
91) 1) dialog: Hey,hillbilly.
91) 2) text: As Whistler turns around, Chupa SLAMS Whistler in the sid the head, swiping his night-vision goggles off.  As Whist vainly searches for his goggles.
91) 4) dialog: Ain't nobody here but you and me, chicken wing.  I'd say this is as good a time as any to settle up.
91) 5) text: Chupa moves stealthily in darkness, violently KICKING the older man.  Whistler tries to crawl away, then reaches fo his pheromone atomizer and locks it in the "on-position". Chupa continues to lay into Whistler we SEE the atomizer away, dispensing its contents.
94) 0) text: CLOSE ON the pheromone atomizer, the spray petering out. Whistler is beat to shit, bleeding from his mouth.  Chupa reaches for his handgun, whipping it out just as -- Whistler's hands brush the damaged night vision goggles. swings them upward.
94) 1) text: Whistler has just enough time to register Chupa, the hand pointed directly at him/us before noticing SOMETHING ELSE just beyond Chupa.
97) 0) text: Whistler panics, backing away from the SOUNDS of the reap slaughtering Chupa.  He finds his gun, flicks on the UV e light -- And just like that, the attacking reapers have vanished. Whistler whirls about, sweeping the UV beam around, but a he SEES is darkness. Then, a bone-chilling WHISPER cuts through the shadows.