33) 0) text: A crescent-shaped room filled with antiquities: quarry columns from Middle Kingdom Egypt, stacks of arcane volum Medieval frontispieces.  A Borgia-esque Renaissance portr staring down at us with a severe gaze.  Towering over all these is a massive Greek Cross carved from stone.  MUSIC echoes around them -- Boito's Faust.  Standing in the mid of this is OVERLORD ELI DAMASKINOS, wearing a robe of bla silk.
33) 2) text: Damaskinos holds up his hand.  He waits for the music to crescendo, then turns, his face still hidden in shadow.
33) 3) dialog: I hope you don't mind the cold.  When one such as myself reaches an advanced age, certain precautions are needed in order to preserve the flesh.
33) 5) dialog: (in vampire dialect; subtitled) Welcome, Daywalker.  I thank you for coming.  I've been anxious to meet you for quite some time.
33) 6) text: Damaskinos draws closer now, stepping into the light.  Br eyed with smile like moonlight gleaming off a knife blade His skin is impossibly pale, almost marble-like, with traceries of blue blood pulsing underneath.
33) 7) dialog: And the late Abraham Whistler.  I trust your time amongst our numbers was agreeable?
33) 8) text: Whistler glares at Damaskinos.  The two men stare at each other a moment, sizing one another up.
33) 9) dialog: (smiling knowingly) It has been said, you may have enemies whom you hate, but not enemies whom you despise.  Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours, too.  In that regard, I should thank you.
33) 27) dialog: Thiavolos, as we used to say in Greece. The Devil.  Pure Thirst.  Nothing more. He was born a vampire, but he is an anomaly. (to Blade) Like you.  Unlike the rest of us, however, he feeds on not just humans, but vampires as well.
33) 30) text: Blade turns to Damaskinos.
33) 32) dialog: (vampire dialect; subtitled) Not alone.
74) 0) text: We are in a previously unseen portion of Damaskino's vast bedroom.  An elegantly tiled pool area has been partition off by a series of latticed screens.  In the counterpoint this are a series of muted monitors tuned to the pulse of world -- CNN, MSNBC, C-SPAN, etc. Damaskinos sits in a robe, finishing a meal, his eyes flicking over the monitors -- tracking current events, ma fluctuations.  We get the sense that the man is a true polymath.  That he owes his five thousand-plus years of existence to resourcefulness rather than luck. Stevens enters, waiting to be acknowledged.
74) 1) dialog: (vampire dialect; subtitled) Yes?
74) 3) dialog: (vampire dialect; subtitled) Any casualties?
74) 5) text: Unconcerned, Damaskinos slices into a piece of raw meat.
74) 6) dialog: (reverting to English) An inevitability, I suppose.  Nyssa was not among them, I trust.
74) 8) dialog: Any game worthy of being played is.  One must be patient.  In this way, I have outlived my enemies.  All of them.
74) 9) text: Damaskinos steps beyond the screens now, into the pool ar and although we can't see the water from this angle, we c see patterns of ruby light flickering off the tiled walls Stevens follows, uncomfortable.
74) 11) text: Damaskinos steps into the steaming liquid, which we now s is BLOOD.  His robe spreads out, floating on the surface.
74) 12) dialog: You worry too much, Stevens.  I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted.
74) 14) text: Damaskinos sinks until he's waist-deep in the crimson flu
74) 15) dialog: As many as it takes. (pointing) Do you see that jar over there?
74) 17) dialog: It contains my human heart -- (touching a pale scar on his chest) Something I relinquished a long time ago.  Only a fool would appeal to it now.
112) 62) text: Whistler gives Nyssa a rueful stare, then tosses Blade a research folder.  On the cover is the same red, double-he logo we saw at Damaskinos' facility.
114) 19) dialog: I should think that would be obvious at this point.
114) 20) dialog: Standing behind them.
114) 21) dialog: We took the genetic material from you.
115) 0) text: Damaskinos leads them down a corridor.
115) 1) dialog: Jared Nomak is your genetic brother. And I suppose if you follow that line of reasoning to its logical conclusion, then these are your offspring.
115) 2) text: Damaskinos reaches to a nearby control panel, pressing a button.  A pair of massive doors slide apart, revealing:
115) 5) dialog: (proudly) A new breed, begotten from your own flesh.  Immune to silver, even sunlight. (stepping towards Blade) The wolves have lain with the sheep long enough.  No more compromises.  No more deals.  Only closure.
115) 41) dialog: Reinhardt!
115) 42) text: Reinhardt hesitates.  Nyssa takes a step towards Blade, b Damaskinos stops her.  Damaskinos gestures to his guards. They haul Blade up and drag him from the lab.  Reinhardt gestures to Whistler.
115) 44) text: Damaskinos waves dismissively.  Reinhardt takes Whistler away.
118) 0) text: Nyssa stands before the banks of vampire embryos, clearly troubled.  Damaskinos regards her.
118) 1) dialog: (vampire dialect; subtitled) My child --
118) 2) text: Damaskinos moves in close to her, running a finger along throat.  She doesn't acknowledge it.
118) 3) dialog: (in English) I would hate to think you were losing your perspective.  Who do you think God favors in the web?  The spider or the fly?
118) 5) dialog: From his father, of course.
118) 7) text: Damaskinos slowly tightens his hand around Nyssa's throat
118) 8) dialog: I have fathered thousands of children in centuries since I first walked this earth.  Make no mistake, Nyssa.  Those blood-ties mean nothing to me when measured against the ascendancy of our race.  Nothing. (giving her an extra squeeze) If you have any interest in remaining alive, you would do well to remember that.
118) 9) text: Damaskinos releases Nyssa.  She falls, GASPING for breath He stares down at her with disdain, then exits.
119) 0) text: Damaskinos enters, followed by Carter Stevens.  The guard remain posted at the main entrance of the room.  Damaskin approaches, looking down at Blade. Blade stares back at him, still defiant, but fighting a losing battle.  He's dying and he knows it.  His breathin shallow.  It's an effort just to keep his eyes open.
119) 1) dialog: With every century, humans become more repulsive to me.  Once, you were souls to be taken, corrupted.  But you have disgraced yourselves to being nothing more than blood and meat.
119) 5) dialog: True, but thanks to you, we know his weakness.  We can keep him contained. It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down.
119) 7) text: Damaskinos is amused by Blade's seeming lack of concern.
119) 8) dialog: And why is that?
119) 15) text: Damaskinos stares at Blade's hand, then looks to the floo A line of blood droplets lead back to the doors through w he entered.
120) 0) text: With Damaskinos and company.  Suddenly, the lights above flicker then go out.  As emergency lights kick on -- BANG!  BANG!BANG!BANG!  All eyes turn towards a steel security door which is shuddering -- bulging and bending inwards as Nomak throws himself against it. Damaskinos looks to a bank of security monitors which are flickering back to life now.  We see Nomak's blurred silhouette from various angles, pummeling the door.  Then RIPPPPPP!!!  A portion of the door is clawed open and we a glimpse of Nomak's SNARLING FACE.
120) 2) text: Damaskinos' eyes widen in terror as he stumbles backwards activating an ALARM.  He looks to the guards, SCREAMING.
120) 3) dialog: Stop him!
120) 4) text: Damaskinos runs for his life, rushing out the opposite do quickly followed by Stevens as we --
125) 0) text: Damaskinos and Stevens round a corner, spilling into seve GUARDS.  He shoves his fellow vampires aside.
125) 1) dialog: Get out of the way.
128) 0) text: WHAM!  The door gives way and Nomak enters.  To the right SEES Whistler and Blade exiting.  To the left, he SEES th security monitors.  Damaskinos and Stevens can be glimpse one of these monitors. Nomak moves to the left.
130) 2) dialog: is waiting.  But even as Stevens starts towards the eleva Damaskinos dispassionately presses the "CLOSE DOOR" butto
131) 0) text: As Damaskinos slides a security card through a reader and punches in a code, a thin SPRAY OF BLOOD jets across his forearm.  He looks to the elevator doors.  The spray of b is coming through the vertical door seal.  The metal door SHUDDER violently and then the cab begins to ascend. Damaskinos retreats to the far corner of the elevator, breathing a sigh of relief.
133) 0) text: A set of elevator doors open, disgorging Damaskinos.  Bey the lobby windows we can SEE a waiting helicopter, VAMPIR SOLDIERS readying it for take-off.  Damaskinos rushes acr the lobby and is almost at the exit when -- CHUNK!CHUNK!CHUNK! A series of steel shutters slam down o the doors and windows.  Damaskinos tries to tug one of th shutters upwards, then moves to a keypad nearby.  He star hurriedly tapping in a numeric sequence when we hear:
133) 2) text: Damaskinos spins around.  Nyssa stands behind him.  She's Whistler's rail-gun in her hands.
133) 4) dialog: Are you insane?  He'll kill us both!
133) 6) text: AS if in response, a GRINDING SHUDDER comes from the elev doors.  Damaskinos spins in wide-eyed horror, then --
133) 10) text: Damaskinos turns back to his daughter, making a last appe
133) 11) dialog: (vampire dialect; subtitled) For God's sake, Nyssa!  Let us out of here!
133) 15) text: Damaskinos scurries backwards, but there's nowhere left t run.  Nomak descends on him, lifting the vampire into a r crushing embrace, chomping his elongated canines into Damaskinos' throat. Damaskinos SQUEALS like a child as his life-blood is suck out of him.  His body begins to cave inward, shrinking an twisting until there's nothing left but shriveled husk. Nyssa hefts the rail-gun and FIRES at Nomak's back.  Noma HOWLS, releasing Damaskinos' body, then turns, focusing h blood-drunk gaze on Nomak.