41) 3) text: Their leader, DIETER REINHARDT (30s), is a square-jawed, chiseled Austrian.  Next to Reinhardt is SNOWMAN, a wire albino, LIGHTHAMMER, a massive Blackfoot Indian, and PRIE a bald-headed modern primitive with copious piercings and facial tattoos.  Rounding out the bunch is CHUPA, a blunt featured Puerto Rican, and VERLAINE, a familiar-looking curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lips that exudes a preda sexuality. (NOTE: Verlaine looks familiar because she is the twin si of Raquel, the bodacious vamp played by Traci Lords that Blade killed in the opening scene of the first film.)
52) 0) text: A 1930s industrial kitchen filled with corroded equipment Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer work their way inwar searching the area.  Lighthammer carries massive war hamm like his namesake. Reinhardt nods to Verlaine, who opens a walk-in, shining entry light over an assortment of rusting meat hooks.
54) 0) text: Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer.  A Styrofoam cup ro across the floor, blown by a breeze.  Reinhardt pauses, notices another walk-in freezer door ajar, moves in that direction. Unseen behind them, a door BEHIND THEM slowly swings open
62) 0) text: A Reaper EXPLODES out from the walk-in, rather than the d behind them.  He leaps atop Reinhardt, SLAMMING him to th floor.  Lighthammer swings his hammer, missing the Reaper taking out a chunk of the wall instead. Lighthammer swings and misses again, taking a chunk out o the floor.  Verlaine empties her automatic rifle into the Reaper even as -- The Reaper turns on Lighthammer, catching the war hammer, Reaper's lower jaw disengages and splits open, revealing freakishly enlarged esophagus lined with serrated, sharkl teeth. All of this takes a split-second.  No time for Lighthamme react as the Reaper latches its grossly expanded mouth on his throat and begins draining him before our eyes.  The Reaper SHUDDERS and the whites of his eyes bleed red as a ecstatic wave washes over him.  His pale flesh, pulsing w engorged veinwork, becomes flushed, turning crimson as --
62) 1) dialog: Ohmygodhe'sfuckingkillingmehe's --
62) 2) text: Lighthammer's face becomes increasingly pallid!  His face begins caving inward, shrinking as every millimeter of bl is vacuumed out of him.