0) 0) text: PULL BACK from a neon red cross ablaze in the cold Decemb night to REVEAL an inner-city, store-front clinic.  Trash leaves blow over wet, snowy pavement. ANGLE ON a PALE FIGURE standing across the street.  He lo feverish and strung-out, in serious need of a fix.  This JARED NOMAK, 20s.  He starts towards the clinic.
1) 2) text: We MOVE PAST the employee to Nomak, waiting.
1) 4) text: Nomak looks up.  We get a better look at his face now - h has a thin scar running from his lower lip down his chin. childhood accident, perhaps.  A NURSE smiles and motions him to join her.  She's carrying a clipboard.
2) 0) text: Nomak follows the Nurse into a dimly-lit hallway.  We tra their progress in a convex safety mirror suspended from t hallway ceiling as they pass all manner of medical suppli centrifuges, an apheresis device, etc.
2) 2) dialog: Not that I'm in contact with.
2) 4) dialog: No -- (apprehensive) Does that mean I can't be a donor?
2) 6) text: Nomak follows the Nurse to a steel door were TWO SECURITY GUARDS await them.  Both look bored, paying little attent to the monitor which offers a view of the examining room beyond.  There is also a small window with safety glass. GUARD #1 opens the door, following Nomak and the Nurse inside.  GUARD #2 remains behind, manning the hallway.
3) 0) text: The Nurse ushers Nomak into the room, indicating he shoul sit in a kind of reclining dental chair with arm and headrests.  Nomak notices a security camera mounted above
3) 1) dialog: (anxious) How unusual?
3) 2) text: Beat.  The Nurse sets aside Nomak's file, looking uncomfortable.
3) 4) dialog: Us?  What are you talking about?
3) 7) text: The Doctor and Nurse smile, BARING FANGS.  We realize now that they are both vampires.  The Guard, too.  He grips N by the throat, forcing him back into the restraint chair. the vampire Guard does so, his hand brushes against Nomak jaw.  The flesh on Nomak's chin briefly separates along t scar - almost as if it were a seam. The guard pauses - and Nomak LAUGHS.  Definitely NOT the reaction the vampires were expecting from a potential vic Nomak starts to shake and twitch, like he's going into so kind of seizure.  The whites of his eyes bleed red.  He throws his head back, opening his mouth as a PAIR OF RAZO SHARP CANINES extrude from his gums.  These are longer, m more lethal-looking than the fangs of the vampires and -- Nomak lashes out, knocking the Guard backwards.  The Nurs SCREAMS.  Nomak clamps his mouth onto her throat, SLAMMIN her back against the wall. The vampire Doctor rushes to the door, scrambling to unbo it.  Nomak reaches for him, HOWLING with blood-drunk laug as he lifts the Doctor up.  Nomak flings the Doctor about like a toy, using his body to SMASH the lights, then the security camera above.
4) 0) text: We hear SCREAMS and HORRIBLE NOISES coming from the exami room.  Guard #2 draws a gun and looks to the security mon with alarm.  The screen goes black.  He looks to the smal window, trying to peer into the now-darkened room beyond SPLASH!  A wave of blood smears across a window.  A HAND wipes a patch of blood away, revealing Nomak's baleful, distorted eyes.  Guard #2 starts to back away when -- BANG!  Nomak slams against the other side of the steel do BANG!BANG!BANG!  The door begins to bend, hand-shaped impressions bulging outward as Nomak starts to peel the d apart like it was an aluminum can. Guard #2 has seen enough.  He turns and runs even as the CAVES INWARD off its hinges.  Forward momentum sends the sliding across the hallway floor where it trips up the Gu
4) 2) dialog: Vampires --
4) 4) dialog: I fucking hate vampires.
4) 5) text: On the floor, the vampire Guard CRIES OUT in fear, helple raising his hands to defend himself.  Nomak HOWLS and lea towards him/us, blacking out the screen with his hurtling form as we --
25) 47) text: Blade holds up his hand, silencing Scud's outburst.  He n for Nyssa and Asad to continue. Nyssa slowly crouches and reaches for the object she drop - a CD.  She tosses it to Blade.  Still keeping an eye on them, Blade slips the CD into a reader.  We SEE a slide-s of video capture shots taken from a surveillance camera. Nomak tearing into the blood bank staff, etc.
25) 49) text: The final still.  A blurry, horrific shot of Nomak's half turned face and back.  We get a sense of distorted, inhum physiognomy.
33) 25) text: A rotating 3-D image of Jared Nomak's face.  Eyes red, hi skin in full "blood mode" blush.
38) 1) dialog: He smiles cruelly, the scar/seam in his chin just beginni to part.  The woman gasps, turns to run -- and bumps into THREE MORE REAPERS.  Gaunt and feral-looki All three with shaved heads. No eyebrows, and hairline scar/seams running down their chins.  As one, the reapers descend on her.  We hear the child's TERRIFIED WAIL and we --
39) 0) text: A sulfur-colored moon shines its baleful light down upon icy cityscape as NOMAK'S ROAR echoes through the canyon o buildings.
61) 2) text: -- Nomak, who swings his head around towards Blade!  Blad FIRES his MACH pistol point-blank into Nomak's face, blas the Reaper backwards -- But Nomak is back on his feet in a split-second, SMASHING through a window onto the fire escape beyond.  Blade rush to the window, looks out --
61) 3) text: Nomak is scaling his way straight up the neon hotel sign, jumping from one letter to the next with lightning speed.
64) 0) text: Blade steps out onto the icy fire escape.  CRASH!  Nomak dislodged the "H" from the hotel sign.  It comes HURTLING towards Blade, who ducks back into the center of the "O" avoid being hit.  The "H" continues falling, SMASHING dow into the street near the Mystery Van where --
70) 0) text: We're back with Blade as he chases Nomak across the roof.
70) 2) dialog: Is the enemy of my enemy my friend or my enemy?  What do you think, Blade?  What am I to you?
70) 3) text: Nomak LAUGHS, then LUNGES, scooping up a rusty iron bar t lies nearby.  He swings it at Blade.  Blade parries and s backward, taking a blow to the head in the process, then another to the side. The two of them exchange a flurry of blows back and forth until their weapons lock and they are face to face.  Noma back is to the rising sun, now.  His whole body is beginn to lightly smoke. Both men are trembling, straining against their weapons, using every ounce of strength to keep the other at bay. just when it looks like Nomak is gaining the upper hand -
70) 4) dialog: Athelfiki singenia ex amato.
70) 5) text: -- Blade pivots the flat edge of his sword upwards, catch the light of the rising sun, reflecting it directly into Nomak's eyes! Nomak SCREAMS and rears back, his face catching fire.  Th he stumbles backwards and falls -- right off the ledge of roof!  Blade hurries to the roof's ledge and looks down - But the Reaper is nowhere in sight.  Dumbfounded, Blade retreats, haunted by the conviction that Nomak is still alive.
71) 8) dialog: Lighthammer and --
73) 2) text: Blade retreats back to the drain-pipe, pulling himself ba up.  We HOLD for a beat, then drift up to the blood-satur strips of insulation.  SOMEONE is crouched in the shadows there, clinging to the ceiling upside down. It's NOMAK, red-eyes shining in the darkness.
97) 1) dialog: Whistler.
97) 2) text: Whistler spins.  NOMAK RIGHT BEHIND HIM.  As Whistler whi the UV gun up, Nomak stops it.  The beam is mere millimet from the Reaper's face -- close enough to illuminate his nightmarish features, but not close enough to burn.
97) 3) dialog: If you survive this, tell your master. My end is my beginning.
97) 4) text: In an eyeblink, Nomak is gone.  Whistler spins, shining t UV this way and that.  Alone in the dark.
112) 44) text: Blade points to the screen, saying the words as Nomak silently mouths them.
120) 0) text: With Damaskinos and company.  Suddenly, the lights above flicker then go out.  As emergency lights kick on -- BANG!  BANG!BANG!BANG!  All eyes turn towards a steel security door which is shuddering -- bulging and bending inwards as Nomak throws himself against it. Damaskinos looks to a bank of security monitors which are flickering back to life now.  We see Nomak's blurred silhouette from various angles, pummeling the door.  Then RIPPPPPP!!!  A portion of the door is clawed open and we a glimpse of Nomak's SNARLING FACE.
120) 1) dialog: (roaring) FATHER!
122) 0) text: Reinhardt also hears the ALARMS.  He looks to the surveillance monitors where he SEES Nomak.
123) 0) text: As Nomak continues tearing down the autopsy door, BULLETS hammer into his back.  He turns, sees a DOZEN GUARDS FIRI at him, their gunfire chewing the shit out of the concret walls around him.  Nomak staggers, but doesn't go down as CLEAR BLOOD sprays from the body hits.
126) 1) text: Nomak savages the guards, flinging them into the air.  A guard's body hits the V-gap in the door and obscures our as -- Whistler redoubles his efforts, finally freeing Blade.  H helps him from the autopsy table.  Blade is sinking, star to fade.  Whistler slaps his face, shaking him.
127) 0) text: Carnage.  A frazetta painting come to life.  Nomak atop d guards, draining the last of his victims' blood.  He whip his face in our direction and ROARS, charging the door --
128) 0) text: WHAM!  The door gives way and Nomak enters.  To the right SEES Whistler and Blade exiting.  To the left, he SEES th security monitors.  Damaskinos and Stevens can be glimpse one of these monitors. Nomak moves to the left.
130) 0) text: CLOSE ON a hand twisting a safety lever on the floor.  PU BACK to reveal Stevens manually activating a series of hydraulic lock-down latches. CHINK!CHINK!CHINK!  The doors of the Eastern, Northern, a Western corridors are sealing, lock-down latches clamping down for extra security.  Even as the Western door seals, glimpse Nomak rushing towards it with inhuman speed.
130) 4) text: Stevens rushes towards the closing elevator doors, but it too late.  He pounds his fist against them.  Behind him, hear a terrible RENDING OF METAL as the Western door give Stevens looks in that direction -- In an eyeblink, Nomak is upon him, SLAMMING his hand over Stevens' face, crushing it.
133) 12) text: WHAM!WHAM!WHAM!  Nomak pounds away.  The elevator doors a starting to buckle, then they tear apart completely --
133) 13) dialog: bursts into the lobby, ROARING.  If anything, he is even animalistic now, his features having become grossly distorted.
133) 14) dialog: (in vampire dialect) Why are you frightened, father?  The prodigal son has returned.
133) 15) text: Damaskinos scurries backwards, but there's nowhere left t run.  Nomak descends on him, lifting the vampire into a r crushing embrace, chomping his elongated canines into Damaskinos' throat. Damaskinos SQUEALS like a child as his life-blood is suck out of him.  His body begins to cave inward, shrinking an twisting until there's nothing left but shriveled husk. Nyssa hefts the rail-gun and FIRES at Nomak's back.  Noma HOWLS, releasing Damaskinos' body, then turns, focusing h blood-drunk gaze on Nomak.
133) 17) text: But Nyssa stands her ground, rachetting back the slide on rail-gun, readying to unleash another barrage of needles. Nomak CHARGES, moving at unbelievable speed.  She FIRES AGAIN, aiming at Nomak's chest -- but then Nomak is upon her.  He slaps the rail-gun from h hands, SMASHING IT TO PIECES. Then he wraps his hand around her throat, pulling her forward, sinking his teeth into her neck.  Nyssa SCREAMS.
133) 21) dialog: lowers his head towards Blade's face.  The scar/seam in Nomak's chin splits open and Nomak's lower jaw flares apa distending and widening to reveal the awful, glistening h maw -- the hollow inner fangs and striated cartilage whic are closing about Blade's face.  Blade twists his head violently to the right, then glimpses the broken tip of h sword resting a few feet away.  He reaches for it in desperation, plunging it up into Nomak's chest.  Nomak HO Because the hilt has been broken off, Blade is forced to the cutting edge of the weapon with his bare hands.  It slices into his fingers -- but Blade just grips the broken sword tighter, ignoring t pain, driving it deeper and deeper -- until, suddenly, it penetrates the cartilaginous shell around Nomak's heart a
133) 22) dialog: (in vampire dialect) Blood brother.
133) 23) text: Nomak smiles, covering Blade's hands with his own.  He lo blade in the eye, then drives the broken sword home. Nomak's body stiffens, his eyes grow unseeing, an oddly serene look spreading across his tortured face.  A patch BLACKNESS begins radiating outward from his chest, moving over his body, carbonizing him from within.  As his black flesh begins to crack, BLUE FLAMES flicker out from the fissures.  In seconds, Nomak is gone. Beat.  Blade stands, exhausted.  Then he looks to where N rests.  He moves to her side, kneeling beside her.  She smiles up at him, bravely, but frightened all the same. Blade inspects the wound on her neck.  It's clearly fatal