25) 44) text: The Intruders remove their masks.  The first is ASAD, a cautious Sufi Muslim possessing a restrained nobility. The second is a woman, NYSSA.  20-something, with emerald eyes and strong, darkly exotic features.  Both are Vampir
25) 47) text: Blade holds up his hand, silencing Scud's outburst.  He n for Nyssa and Asad to continue. Nyssa slowly crouches and reaches for the object she drop - a CD.  She tosses it to Blade.  Still keeping an eye on them, Blade slips the CD into a reader.  We SEE a slide-s of video capture shots taken from a surveillance camera. Nomak tearing into the blood bank staff, etc.
25) 48) dialog: For decades you've been the thing we've feared the most.  But there's something else loose on the streets now --
25) 50) dialog: Something worse than you.
26) 0) text: Blade, Whistler, and Scud stand near the ledge, while Asa stands a few yards off, talking on a phone.  Nyssa stands even further away, watching them with distrust.
27) 0) text: We track the helicopters across the night sky.  We SEE Whistler and Asad in one, Blade, Scud and Nyssa in anothe
28) 0) text: Blade and Nyssa sit in the rear of the first helicopter. Nyssa is studying Blade.
28) 2) dialog: They tell bedtime stories about you. Blade the big, bad boogie-man.  Frankly, I'm disappointed. (Blade raises an eyebrow) That you were willing to come along so easily, I mean.  Without any assurances.
29) 0) text: The Bell Jet Rangers touch down outside a terraced, Frank Lloyd Wright structure overlooking the ocean.  As Nyssa a Asad lead Blade, Whistler and Scud towards the facility w SEE a circular crimson logo encircling a double-helix. Scud notices a series of RED LIGHT DOTS on his arms and chest.  He looks up to see DOZENS OF VAMPIRE MARKSMEN on roofs above, training their weapons on them.
31) 0) text: Nyssa and Asad lead them into a hub out of which multiple corridors project.  They take the central corridor.
32) 2) dialog: The House of Erebus you encountered before were nothing but feudal lords. The true power of the Vampire Nation lies here --
33) 1) dialog: Father --
33) 20) dialog: Survival.
33) 21) text: Blade and the others turn to Nyssa, who uses a complex mechanical key to activate a holo-projector mounted above table.  As she focuses the image, a 3-D DIORAMA of vampir viral nucleocapsids swirls into view.  The nucelocapsids begin attacking human red blood cells.
33) 22) dialog: As you may know, Vampirism is an arbovirus, one that's spread through the saliva of parasitic organisms -- (motioning to the hologram) In this case, vampires are the vector. The virus replicates within the human bloodstream, evolving its host into an entirely new life-form. (beat) Unfortunately, viruses evolve too --
33) 23) text: As Nyssa talks, one of the viral nucleocapsids changes, mutating from its original, elegant design into a harsher more menacing form. The mutated nucleocapsid begins feeding on the original vampire capsids, causing a chain-reaction of mutation.  I seconds, the holo-image is filled with throbbing, microsc horrors which then mutate into  --
33) 24) dialog: We've dubbed this new virus the Reaper Strain.  And like any good pathogen, it appears to have found a carrier -- a "Patient Zero".
33) 26) dialog: His name is Jared Nomak.
33) 29) dialog: You're missing the point.  Their vampire victims don't die.  They turn.  They become carriers.  If the Reapers continue unchecked, there could be thousands of them before the month is over.  Do the math.
33) 35) dialog: Two years.
33) 37) dialog: No.  They've been training to hunt you.
41) 13) dialog: What the hell are you doing, Blade?
41) 15) text: Reinhardt looks to Nyssa, uncomfortable.
41) 44) text: Blade moves on, stopping before Nyssa.
41) 46) dialog: The House of Pain.
42) 2) dialog: From what we can gather, the Reapers hunt in packs, targeting places where vampires congregate.  So far, they've attacked bloodbanks, safehouses, underground clubs like this --
42) 6) dialog: Look closer.  Because of your efforts, we've had to re-think our habits, tighten our security.
43) 0) text: Nyssa leads the group into a loading area.  The only ligh coming from a series of burning trashcans.  VAMPIRE SENTR crouch on the steps, watching, smelling Nyssa's group as move past.  Adjacent areas are walled off with sheets of vinyl.  We hear the pulsing, bass-heavy beat of MUSIC com from beyond the sheeting, beckoning us onward.
44) 1) dialog: This is our world you're entering.  You may see things -- feeding. (off Blade's inscrutable face) Just remember why you're here.
44) 6) text: On that portentous note, Nyssa hits a button.  The hydrau doors open on into --
45) 4) dialog: We need it.  Sensations are addictive and pain cuts the deepest. (off his look) Tattoos, piercings, tribal scarring -- because we regenerate, none of it's permanent.  So we have to take it to the next level. To remind us we're alive.
49) 0) text: Blade works his way through the crowd.  The beat is getti heavier now, the crowd more energized.  He briefly makes contact with Nyssa, but then she's gone again, disappeari into the sea of flesh, ducking past one of the vinyl shee into a corridor beyond.  Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest remain behind, searching the crowd. As Blade walks, he notices a series of grates beneath the feet.  We shift our POV --
51) 0) text: Blade follows Nyssa up a narrow staircase into a corridor lined with gangrenous, peeling wallpaper.  Some of the ro doors are shut, some open.  Clearly, many are occupied.
53) 0) text: Blade checks more doorways, catching half-glimpses of FLE LEATHER, and STEEL.  He hears SOBBING, MOANS, WHISPERS. Then, a distinctly HUMAN WHIMPER catches his attention. Nyssa opens a door onto an empty room.  A vacant stainles steel examination table gleams in the center, waiting. Blade pushes open another door.  We SEE a fearful YOUNG W crouching in the corner of a soiled room.  A corpulent VAMPIRE in a leather apron is hosing down the floor.
53) 5) dialog: What was that?
57) 0) text: As they near the end of the hall, Blade notices a drop-do attic door in the ceiling above.  He unsheathes his sword uses the tip to unlatch the trapdoor.  The counter-weight door CREAKS and LOWERS, unfolding a sectioned ladder.  We darkness beyond.  As Blade cautiously mounts the stairs - Nyssa's attention is drawn to a billowing piece of vinyl. BLURRY FIGURE is visible behind it.  Then it moves away. Nyssa ducks past the vinyl.
61) 0) text: Blade stops half-way up the ladder as he hears GUNFIRE. drops back to the floor, then notices that Nyssa is gone. pushes through the vinyl curtain and finds -- Nyssa force back against the wall, wrestling with --
68) 0) text: BOOM!  Blade kicks open the roof access door.  He hurries outside, followed by Nyssa, who hesitates when she SEES -
68) 3) text: Nyssa falls back into the shadows as Blade continues onwa unsheathing his sword.
71) 0) text: Blade has returned to the scene of the melee.  The Reaper have fled, leaving Nyssa and the others to lick their wou and survey the carnage.  Quite a few full-body ash outlin marking the passing of various vampires.  Blade approache Nyssa.  She notices his wounds.
71) 1) dialog: You're hurt.
71) 3) dialog: What about Nomak?
71) 5) dialog: I didn't know.
71) 14) dialog: Minutes.
71) 19) dialog: (gravely) His blood cells aren't producing oxygen anymore.  His own body is suffocating him.  These things are like crack addicts.  If they don't feed every few hours, they'll feed on themselves.
73) 1) dialog: (calling down) Everything okay?
75) 0) text: The dying Reaper has now been chained inside the cell.  I WHEEZES and MOANS, clearly in agony.  Blade and Nyssa sta watch.  Blade grips the Reaper beneath its jaw, turning i face towards us.
75) 2) dialog: (nodding) From the surveillance footage in the bloodbank.  He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
75) 4) dialog: Right.  So why is he dying?  He doesn't appear to have any broken bones, no entry wounds of any kind -- what's killing him?
75) 8) dialog: If that's true, what about Nomak?  He's been alive longer than the others.
75) 12) dialog: They appear to have a nictating membrane here, like you'd see on a crocodile or camel.  Shields the eyes from sunlight.
75) 14) dialog: A bifurcated mandible.  More developed masseter muscles and zygomatic bones around the mouth allowing for a much larger, stronger bite --
75) 16) dialog: Epidermal layers are thicker, tougher --
75) 17) text: Nyssa begins the Y-incision along the chest.  Once again, CLEAR SERUM oozes out.  She cracks open the thoracic cavi
75) 20) dialog: I've never seen anything like this.  The Reapers are as different from us as we are from you. (probing the organism) It's almost as if the virus is re-wiring their bodies, creating new, parasitic organs which consume the old ones.
75) 22) dialog: Exactly.  Look at the digestive system. It's been drastically simplified.  Super charged.  And this --
75) 24) dialog: The heart is completely encased in bone.
75) 37) text: Blade spins and leaves.  Whistler follows.  Nyssa watches them disappear into Blade's room.  Reinhardt and the othe vampires approach her.
75) 39) text: Nyssa just stares him down, obviously conflicted.
75) 44) text: Asad looks to Nyssa once more -- perhaps he's even concer now.  She's still staring in the direction Blade left.
76) 0) text: Blade sits in the shadows, wrapping a piece of rubber tub around his arm, injecting himself with pneumatic syringe serum.  He shivers, convulses violently, then throws back head in relief.  When he does so, he SEES -- Whistler standing in the doorway.  They eye each other a moment as Blade unwraps the tubing from his arm, puts awa his syringe and serum.  Whistler lights a cigarette, then nods through a window towards Nyssa and the others.
78) 17) dialog: Standing behind him, looking grim and determined.
78) 18) dialog: Do it and you die. (Chupa considers options) You heard Asad.  Until this is over, these people are our allies.
78) 20) text: Chupa re-holsters his gun, then jams his dislocated arm u against the wall and resets it.  He backs away.  Nyssa watches him leave, looks to Blade.
78) 21) dialog: He's right about one thing.  We do have to survive.
78) 23) dialog: Really?  What are we supposed to do, then?  Starve ourselves because we fee on others in order to live?  What about that scumbag you just let off the hook? A nothing.  A drug-dealer.  How do you justify saving people like that?
78) 25) dialog: You know the Thirst better than any of us.  You're barely managing to tread water yourself.  Living in a constant state of pain, having to shoot up that serum of yours.  That's not what I call surviving, Blade.
81) 2) text: Nyssa gestures to the flashbang grenades.
81) 3) dialog: What are these?
81) 11) text: Blade looks to Nyssa, who tosses Reinhardt an aerosol cannister.  He sprays a little, then wrinkles his nose in disgust, gagging.
81) 13) dialog: They're pheromones.  I infused them from that Reaper's adrenal glands.  All mammals use them to mark their territory.  Even vampires.
81) 15) dialog: Trust me, the Reapers will key to it. If we use this, we'll draw them out.
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
90) 0) text: As Nyssa, Snowman, Verlaine, and Asad cautiously move forward, Nyssa GASPS, startled by -- HALF A DOZEN REAPERS laying on the tunnel floor before th in a stagnant pool of sewage water.  Dead.
92) 1) dialog: (filtered; over comm.) Blade.  We've got six Reapers.  They're all dead.
93) 0) text: Nyssa nods to Asad and Verlaine.  They train their UV las on the area where the Reaper corpses were -- but the Reap bodies are gone.  And so is Snowman for that matter.
93) 3) text: Just then, we hear a NOISE from above.  Nyssa and the oth whip their UV lasers in that direction.
93) 4) dialog: Jesus, they were playing possum!
96) 0) text: Verlaine, Nyssa and Asad are FIRING their UV lasers.  The pumping flashes of their guns throw crazy shadows in ever direction.  Adding to the unbridled chaos of strobing lig and NOISE.  More and more Reapers are swarming towards th moving towards us at an unearthly clip!  Nyssa and her compatriots retreat, running for their lives.
99) 2) text: Asad and Nyssa also retreat.  Nyssa pulls a pin on a UV flashbang, throws it behind her.  BA-BANG!  UV light fill the tunnels and --
100) 0) text: Blade, Nyssa, Whistler and Asad abruptly find themselves in the four-way juncture, knee-deep in water.  They quick regroup, out of breath, riding adrenaline highs.
100) 1) dialog: Where's Chupa?
100) 14) text: The foursome are managing to keep the Reapers at bay, but just barely.  Blade motions to Nyssa.
100) 16) text: Nyssa reaches inside her harness, handing Blade the remai atomizers.  He crushes them in his fist, letting the flui within spill over his face and chest.
100) 23) dialog: Blade.
100) 25) text: The foursome spin, FIRING their UV lasers down the Wester tunnel.  The Reapers SHRIEK, falling to either side, thei bodies burning -- Blade CHARGES FORWARD, firing his dying UV laser.  As he makes it past the line of Reapers, they start after him, driven into a frenzy by the pheromones.  The Reapers in t Northern and Eastern tunnels flood after Blade too, leavi Nyssa, Whistler and Asad to contend with the Reapers in t Southern tunnel.  They discharge their weapons, shoulderi Reapers aside, making a mad dash for freedom.
104) 0) text: Nyssa and Asad find themselves cornered.  Their UV lasers shot.  The Reapers are closing in and we're --
106) 0) text: A BLAST-WAVE of LIGHT fills the tunnel, chasing its way towards Nyssa and Asad, overtaking the Reapers before the Asad throws himself at Nyssa, knocking her into the knee- water, shielding her body with his own.
108) 1) dialog: Bleeding and horribly burned despite Asad's sacrifice.  B crouches, scooping her up into his arms.
109) 0) text: BANG!  Blade kicks open a pair of doors, hurrying Nyssa inside.  He's carrying her limp form in his arms, having wrapped her in a blanket.  Blade himself looks like hell warmed over -- covered in blood, ash, and grime. He rushes her towards the ER, navigating through a maze o PATIENTS and VISITORS.  An ER NURSE approaches.
109) 5) text: Blade sets Nyssa down on an operating table, pulling off blanket.  She's badly burned and she's lost an enormous amount of blood.  As we watch, she GROANS, revealing her fangs.
109) 13) text: Blade unsheathes his sword, deftly drawing the edge acros his wrist, opening a vein.  He cradles Nyssa's head, pull her mouth to the wound on his wrist.  And as she starts t feed we pull back and --
112) 0) text: Nyssa now rests on a cot.  Peaceful, the color having somewhat returned to her features.  After a moment, her e flutter open and she takes in her surroundings.  She is i Blade's austere bedroom -- there are tatami mats, a basin water, a well-thumbed volume of Zen koans.
112) 2) dialog: Each day is a little life.
112) 4) dialog: "Each day is a little life.  Every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death."
112) 6) dialog: Anyone else make it?
112) 9) dialog: Thank you.
112) 11) dialog: It would've been easy for you to let me die back there today, but you didn't.
112) 15) dialog: Why?
112) 17) dialog: It doesn't have to be like that.  We don't have to be enemies.
112) 19) dialog: (pointedly) If that's true, then why'd you save me?
112) 20) text: Blade stands now, moving to the ice-covered window, troub by the question.  Damned if he knows the answer.  After a beat, Nyssa rises too, keeping to the shadows.
112) 21) dialog: Why do you hate us so much?
112) 23) dialog: Well it's in mine, too.  I'm a pureblood.  I wasn't turned.  I was born this way.  Just like you.  Am I evil because I want to survive? (beat) What about a wolf?  What about any predator?
112) 24) text: Nyssa pursues Blade, circling around in front of him so h has to face her again.
112) 25) dialog: The only difference between you and me is that I made peace with who I was a long time ago.  I'm not ashamed of what I am. (beat) You haven't been hunting us all these years.  You've been hunting yourself.
112) 27) dialog: You're hurting me.
112) 31) text: And Blade kisses her, hungrily.  Nyssa responds in kind. head drops low, her mouth finding the cords of his neck - sucking at his flesh, then sinking her teeth in deep and WHAM!  Blade clamps a hand around her throat, slamming he head back.  A droplet of blood dribbles from her lips as lets loose a breathless shudder.  She's in the ecstatic throes of the Thirst now, all reason gone. Blade reaches his other hand to her shirt, ripping it ope he runs his fingers across her breasts, then over her exp rib cage.  He turns her around, forcing her against the w sinking his own fangs into the back of her neck.  She gro as we --
112) 46) text: Nyssa shakes her head.
112) 48) dialog: I don't understand.
112) 59) text: Blade looks to Nyssa, but she seems equally perplexed.
112) 62) text: Whistler gives Nyssa a rueful stare, then tosses Blade a research folder.  On the cover is the same red, double-he logo we saw at Damaskinos' facility.
112) 64) text: Nyssa look to Blade, imploring.
112) 65) dialog: I don't know what he's talking about.
114) 13) dialog: (genuinely horrified) No, that's not possible.  They wouldn't keep something like this from me...
115) 14) dialog: Blade!
115) 27) text: Blade looks to Nyssa who averts her gaze.
115) 42) text: Reinhardt hesitates.  Nyssa takes a step towards Blade, b Damaskinos stops her.  Damaskinos gestures to his guards. They haul Blade up and drag him from the lab.  Reinhardt gestures to Whistler.
118) 0) text: Nyssa stands before the banks of vampire embryos, clearly troubled.  Damaskinos regards her.
118) 4) dialog: Nomak said something to Blade in Greek. Athelfiki singenia ex amato.  Where did he learn that?
118) 6) dialog: (horrified) You experimented on your own, son?
118) 7) text: Damaskinos slowly tightens his hand around Nyssa's throat
118) 9) text: Damaskinos releases Nyssa.  She falls, GASPING for breath He stares down at her with disdain, then exits.
121) 0) text: Nyssa hears the ALARMS and moves into a corridor lit by r strobing emergency lights.  VAMPIRE GUARDS are rushing pa
133) 1) dialog: I overrode the security codes.
133) 2) text: Damaskinos spins around.  Nyssa stands behind him.  She's Whistler's rail-gun in her hands.
133) 3) dialog: We're locked in.
133) 5) dialog: Maybe it's better that way.
133) 15) text: Damaskinos scurries backwards, but there's nowhere left t run.  Nomak descends on him, lifting the vampire into a r crushing embrace, chomping his elongated canines into Damaskinos' throat. Damaskinos SQUEALS like a child as his life-blood is suck out of him.  His body begins to cave inward, shrinking an twisting until there's nothing left but shriveled husk. Nyssa hefts the rail-gun and FIRES at Nomak's back.  Noma HOWLS, releasing Damaskinos' body, then turns, focusing h blood-drunk gaze on Nomak.
133) 17) text: But Nyssa stands her ground, rachetting back the slide on rail-gun, readying to unleash another barrage of needles. Nomak CHARGES, moving at unbelievable speed.  She FIRES AGAIN, aiming at Nomak's chest -- but then Nomak is upon her.  He slaps the rail-gun from h hands, SMASHING IT TO PIECES. Then he wraps his hand around her throat, pulling her forward, sinking his teeth into her neck.  Nyssa SCREAMS.
133) 24) dialog: How does it look?
133) 26) text: Nyssa nods.  Blade has only confirmed her existing fears.
133) 27) dialog: It won't be long now.  I can already feel it burning inside me --
133) 29) dialog: I don't want to become what Nomak was -- (beat; straining) I can't.  I want to die while I'm still vampire.
133) 32) dialog: I want to see the sun rise.
134) 2) dialog: Each day is a little life.  Remember?
134) 3) text: Blade nods, he's strong for her.  Despite his best effort tear slides down his cheek.  They kiss then as the sun ri in full glory, flooding the world with its brilliance. Blade holds Nyssa tightly to his chest, refusing to relinquish his grip as her body catches fire.  The end is blessedly quick -- not a slow-burn of blazing agony, but nearly seamless transition from life -- To ash...  Nyssa collapses apart in Blade's arms, billowi out around him in a cloud of glowing embers.  One moment she's there, the next she's gone.  Blade remains where he kneeling on the bluff, the wind carrying the last traces Nyssa aloft into the sky.  He shuts his eyes.  Turns his to the warmth of the sun, surrendering himself to accepta