44) 4) dialog: So what are we looking for, exactly?
49) 0) text: Blade works his way through the crowd.  The beat is getti heavier now, the crowd more energized.  He briefly makes contact with Nyssa, but then she's gone again, disappeari into the sea of flesh, ducking past one of the vinyl shee into a corridor beyond.  Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest remain behind, searching the crowd. As Blade walks, he notices a series of grates beneath the feet.  We shift our POV --
55) 0) text: Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest.  THREE SHADOWED FIGURES lurking near one of the exits -- skinhead types, each wit hairline scar running down their chin. Asad silently motions to snowman and the others, indicati figures.  Snowman signs something back.  The vampire trio starts towards them.
65) 0) text: The Reaper nearest Priest turns in his direction.  We recognize her as the Nurse from the bloodbank.  She LEAPS Priest -- Priest fires a Glaser round through the she-Reaper's head The Reaper twists in mid-leap, falls to the floor, then p herself up again.  Like Scud's Reaper, she seems unaffect by the custom-made ammo.
71) 10) text: Priest, being held down by Chupa and Snowman.  He's thras about, clutching his wounded, infected arm.
71) 11) dialog: Oh god, oh God it hurts!  It hurts, it hurts, fuck, it hurts.  Ugh!
71) 12) text: Priest lets loose an agonized SCREAM as Blade and the oth gather around him.  He's undergoing a horrific change, ta on the gaunt, vein-engorged features of a proper Reaper. SNARLS and WAILS, GNASHING his teeth like a rabid animal. Reinhardt and his team look uneasy.  Shaken by their teammate's downward progression.
71) 15) text: Blade draws closer.  Already, the flesh on Priest's chin splitting as a seam begins to form.
71) 17) text: Reinhardt paces, annoyed by Priest's WAILING.
71) 20) text: As if in response, Priest starts convulsing.  His flesh tightens, drawing taut around his increasingly skeletal f His screams become unbearable, twisting into a high-pitch ululation that's making the Bloodpack's skin crawl.
71) 23) text: Asad pulls out his handgun and empties the clip into Prie body -- but Priest keeps SHRIEKING. Unnerved, Reinhardt unsheathes a machete, decapitating Pr even as the others protest. The headless body continues thrashing, still making noise from it's open throat!  If anything, it seems to be redoubling its efforts.  It LURCHES forward, jerking itse free from Chupa and Snowman's restraining arms.
71) 25) text: The juddering horror that used to be Priest staggers to i feet.  Reinhardt and his men panic, stumbling backwards. headless monstrosity LUNGES STRAIGHT AT --