41) 3) text: Their leader, DIETER REINHARDT (30s), is a square-jawed, chiseled Austrian.  Next to Reinhardt is SNOWMAN, a wire albino, LIGHTHAMMER, a massive Blackfoot Indian, and PRIE a bald-headed modern primitive with copious piercings and facial tattoos.  Rounding out the bunch is CHUPA, a blunt featured Puerto Rican, and VERLAINE, a familiar-looking curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lips that exudes a preda sexuality. (NOTE: Verlaine looks familiar because she is the twin si of Raquel, the bodacious vamp played by Traci Lords that Blade killed in the opening scene of the first film.)
41) 4) dialog: Check it out, troops.  Count Chocula.
41) 7) text: Reinhardt advances until he and Blade are nose to nose.
41) 8) dialog: Tell me something, Chief.  Can you blush?
41) 11) text: Blade pulls out one of his silver stakes.  In response, t vampires reach for their weapons.  But Blade merely twirl around his fingers.  Then tosses it to Reinhardt.
41) 15) text: Reinhardt looks to Nyssa, uncomfortable.
41) 18) text: Blade grabs Reinhardt's wrist, pulling the stake against chest, fixing the vampire with the deadliest of poker gaz
41) 21) text: Reinhardt tenses, thrusting the stake forward -- but Blad has already whirled out of the way, trapping his hand, th violently twisting it backwards. Before Reinhardt even knows what's happening, Blade swing him around into a headlock.  In his free hand he's got a tiny, barbed flechette.  The barbs spring open like a tic gripping mandibles as Blade drives the flechette into the base of Reinhardt's skull.  Reinhardt HOWLS in pain, but Blade just tightens his grip, choking off Reinhardt's air
41) 23) text: Reinhardt lets loose a choked GRUNT.  Blade releases him, dropping the GASPING AUSTRIAN to the floor.
42) 9) text: Reinhardt reaches for Whistler, stopping him.
42) 10) dialog: You're not going anywhere, greenjeans. You won't be able to pass for us.
42) 16) text: Whistler considers Blade's words, then reluctantly nods. Blade rejoins the vampires.  Reinhardt grins.
42) 17) dialog: You don't keep that dog of yours curbed, Blade.  We might have to do it for you.
42) 18) text: Blade pulls out the remote for the flechette in Reinhardt head, holding it up for view.
52) 0) text: A 1930s industrial kitchen filled with corroded equipment Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer work their way inwar searching the area.  Lighthammer carries massive war hamm like his namesake. Reinhardt nods to Verlaine, who opens a walk-in, shining entry light over an assortment of rusting meat hooks.
54) 0) text: Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer.  A Styrofoam cup ro across the floor, blown by a breeze.  Reinhardt pauses, notices another walk-in freezer door ajar, moves in that direction. Unseen behind them, a door BEHIND THEM slowly swings open
62) 0) text: A Reaper EXPLODES out from the walk-in, rather than the d behind them.  He leaps atop Reinhardt, SLAMMING him to th floor.  Lighthammer swings his hammer, missing the Reaper taking out a chunk of the wall instead. Lighthammer swings and misses again, taking a chunk out o the floor.  Verlaine empties her automatic rifle into the Reaper even as -- The Reaper turns on Lighthammer, catching the war hammer, Reaper's lower jaw disengages and splits open, revealing freakishly enlarged esophagus lined with serrated, sharkl teeth. All of this takes a split-second.  No time for Lighthamme react as the Reaper latches its grossly expanded mouth on his throat and begins draining him before our eyes.  The Reaper SHUDDERS and the whites of his eyes bleed red as a ecstatic wave washes over him.  His pale flesh, pulsing w engorged veinwork, becomes flushed, turning crimson as --
71) 12) text: Priest lets loose an agonized SCREAM as Blade and the oth gather around him.  He's undergoing a horrific change, ta on the gaunt, vein-engorged features of a proper Reaper. SNARLS and WAILS, GNASHING his teeth like a rabid animal. Reinhardt and his team look uneasy.  Shaken by their teammate's downward progression.
71) 17) text: Reinhardt paces, annoyed by Priest's WAILING.
71) 18) dialog: Jesus, can't you get him to shut the fuck up!?
71) 21) dialog: Somebody put him out of his misery for fuck's sake!
71) 23) text: Asad pulls out his handgun and empties the clip into Prie body -- but Priest keeps SHRIEKING. Unnerved, Reinhardt unsheathes a machete, decapitating Pr even as the others protest. The headless body continues thrashing, still making noise from it's open throat!  If anything, it seems to be redoubling its efforts.  It LURCHES forward, jerking itse free from Chupa and Snowman's restraining arms.
71) 25) text: The juddering horror that used to be Priest staggers to i feet.  Reinhardt and his men panic, stumbling backwards. headless monstrosity LUNGES STRAIGHT AT --
72) 2) dialog: What the hell?
75) 33) dialog: (pointedly) And so will we.
75) 35) dialog: (snarling) Spare me the race card, OJ.  We're not going out into the sun.  It's too risky.
75) 37) text: Blade spins and leaves.  Whistler follows.  Nyssa watches them disappear into Blade's room.  Reinhardt and the othe vampires approach her.
75) 38) dialog: You buying any of this chocolate Elvis bullshit?
81) 10) dialog: How?
81) 11) text: Blade looks to Nyssa, who tosses Reinhardt an aerosol cannister.  He sprays a little, then wrinkles his nose in disgust, gagging.
81) 12) dialog: This is fucking foul!
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
87) 0) text: Blade and Reinhardt trudge along.  The tunnel slopes inwa forming a V-shaped channel where a trickle of water flows Blade notices SOMETHING bobbing in the water.  He nudges with his foot and knocks it free.  It's a broken HUMAN TI which twirls around, then flows past their legs. A few steps later on, Reinhardt notices SOMETHING ELSE. stoops into waist-deep water, picking up what he thinks i isolated HUMAN RIB -- but ends up snagging a tangled mass hair, mud, and bones.
89) 0) text: Blade and Reinhardt reach a dead-end where the tunnel has caved in.  A BERM OF HUMAN BONES slopes upward from the w -- skulls and ribs, vertebrae, tibias, metatarsi.  Blade kneels, inspecting them.  There are gnaw marks on them.
89) 2) dialog: So?
92) 0) text: Blade and Reinhardt by the berm of human bones.
98) 3) text: Blade throws Reinhardt his UV laser and unsheathes his sw Reinhardt sweeps the lethal beam over the two reapers. Blade retreats back into the water, calm, letting the creatures comes to him.  As they close in on him, he slip the tip of the sword beneath the surface of the water, waiting -- As one, the Reapers converge on Blade.  He swings his swo up from the water, hacking away at them, using their own momentum against them. Reinhardt considers his options.  He decides to run for i
98) 5) text: Reinhardt races away, abandoning Blade.  Blade reaches fo one of the UV flashbangs clipped to his harness.  He pull the pin with his teeth and shoves it into an on-rushing Reaper's mouth as -- Reinhardt slips on the wet concrete and -- BANG!  Searing LIGHT fills the tunnel, instantly incinera the Reaper. Reinhardt's unprotected face CATCHES FIRE.   He SCREAMS, falling back into the water, trying to douse the flames. ANOTHER REAPER lands atop him, dragging him down as --
115) 7) dialog: enters from the shadows, holding Scud's rail-gun.  Much o his face has been burnt away, leaving him with a ghastly death's head mask of blackened muscle and exposed bone.
115) 8) dialog: Put it back in park, Blade.
115) 10) dialog: Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days.
115) 11) text: As Reinhardt aims the rail gun at Blade, a DOZEN VAMPIRE GUARDS appear on the catwalks above, also taking aim.
115) 12) dialog: Six-thousand feet per second, isn't that what Whistler said?  Let's see you dodge this one --
115) 13) text: Blade does his level best, pulling his MACH, squeezing of SHOT even as Reinhardt FIRES.  BA-BANG!  Blade is hit in side, spun clear around.  His shot goes wild, hitting one the Guards in the head, turning him to ash as Blade himse falls to the floor.
115) 19) text: Scud crosses over to Reinhardt's side.  Whistler stares a him in disbelief.
115) 21) text: Blade's eyes darken with hatred.  Reinhardt laughs.
115) 22) dialog: Thought you had me on a short leash, didn't you, chief?  Only it turns out, you're the one that's been on the leash.
115) 23) text: Reinhardt digs his claws into his scalp and tugs the barb flechette from his skull.  As he does so, Blade's remote detonator BEEPS to indicate it's being tempered with. Reinhardt finishes removing it and sighs contentedly.
115) 24) dialog: That's better.
115) 25) text: Reinhardt tosses the fletchette to Scud, who grins, flipp down his lower lip to reveal a vampire glyph tattooed on
115) 38) text: Scud has a split-second of terrified, wide-eyed realizati before Blade pushes the button and BOOM!  The flechette i Scud's hand EXPLODES, blowing his body apart, spraying th nearest him with blood.  Primarily Reinhardt.
115) 39) dialog: Son of a bitch!
115) 40) text: As the others react with varying degrees of surprise and horror, Reinhardt savagely KICKS Blade across the face. HITS Blade again and again, driving him down to the floor Then he bends and tugs the sword from Blade's back-scabba preparing to cut his throat.
115) 42) text: Reinhardt hesitates.  Nyssa takes a step towards Blade, b Damaskinos stops her.  Damaskinos gestures to his guards. They haul Blade up and drag him from the lab.  Reinhardt gestures to Whistler.
115) 43) dialog: What about him, then? (crossing to Whistler, handcuffing him) Me and Hobo Kelly here have a little unfinished business.
115) 44) text: Damaskinos waves dismissively.  Reinhardt takes Whistler away.
117) 2) dialog: Nice.
117) 3) text: PULL BACK to reveal Reinhardt holding Blade's sword.  He gives it a few practiced swings, then runs his thumb alon the blade.
117) 4) dialog: How many vampires do you think he's killed with this thing?
117) 7) dialog: Keep talking, warmblood.
117) 8) text: Reinhardt KICKS Whistler in the face.
117) 9) dialog: When I'm through with you, you'll be begging for a dirt nap.
117) 10) text: Whistler spits blood and glares up at Reinhardt.
122) 0) text: Reinhardt also hears the ALARMS.  He looks to the surveillance monitors where he SEES Nomak.
122) 1) dialog: Shit!
122) 2) text: Behind him, we see Whistler taking advantage of the distraction.  He folds his legs up under him, working his cuffed hands over his feet.  When Reinhardt spins back aw from the security monitors -- Whistler is GONE.  A steel grating in the floor lies half open.  The obvious means of exit.
132) 2) dialog: Stop him!!!
132) 3) text: As Reinhardt takes aim at Blade with the shotgun, the oth vampires FIRE.  Whistler is HIT in the leg.  He goes down CRYING OUT, then grips Blade's arm, shoving him onward --
132) 8) dialog: The vampire mercenary clutches Blade's sword in his hand, the weapon provides him with little sense of security giv that he's just seen a dozen of his men slaughtered.  The automatic sprinkler system is on now, spraying water down upon Blade and Reinhardt alike.  Blade advances. Reinhardt's been cornered.  There's nowhere else for him run.  Refusing to be cowed, Reinhardt SCREAMS and brings sword down at Blade's head when WHOOSH -- But Blade swings his hands upward, slapping them on eithe side of the blade, trapping the sword on its downward arc Reinhardt strains, trying to tear the sword away from Bla grip.  The vampire's eyes widen in fear.  And during that split-second in which the two men are frozen, connected b the weapon which vibrates between them, Blade says:
132) 10) text: TWHISH!  The sword twists free from Reinhardt's grasp, spinning upward into the air.  Reinhardt stumbles backwar against the blood cask railing as -- Blade catches the sword on its way down, swinging it arou in one fluid motion, slicing Reinhardt's torso in half, a with a diagonal axis!  Reinhardt sinks to his knees as th TWO HALVES split apart, turning to ash before they hit fl Beat.  Blade stands beneath the spray of the overhead sprinklers, rinsing the blood from his body.  He turns towards the exit, sword in hand.