3) 7) text: The Doctor and Nurse smile, BARING FANGS.  We realize now that they are both vampires.  The Guard, too.  He grips N by the throat, forcing him back into the restraint chair. the vampire Guard does so, his hand brushes against Nomak jaw.  The flesh on Nomak's chin briefly separates along t scar - almost as if it were a seam. The guard pauses - and Nomak LAUGHS.  Definitely NOT the reaction the vampires were expecting from a potential vic Nomak starts to shake and twitch, like he's going into so kind of seizure.  The whites of his eyes bleed red.  He throws his head back, opening his mouth as a PAIR OF RAZO SHARP CANINES extrude from his gums.  These are longer, m more lethal-looking than the fangs of the vampires and -- Nomak lashes out, knocking the Guard backwards.  The Nurs SCREAMS.  Nomak clamps his mouth onto her throat, SLAMMIN her back against the wall. The vampire Doctor rushes to the door, scrambling to unbo it.  Nomak reaches for him, HOWLING with blood-drunk laug as he lifts the Doctor up.  Nomak flings the Doctor about like a toy, using his body to SMASH the lights, then the security camera above.
5) 0) text: BOOM!  A second-story door flies open and FIVE VAMPIRE th wannabes come spilling out.  They race down a flight of stairs, tripping and tumbling over themselves.  In descen order, they are: RUSH, a pimped-out Vanilla Ice clone wea Karl Kani gear, followed by JIGSAW, ST. CLOUD, T-BAG and SEGURA.
8) 0) text: -- Rush and the remaining vamps spill out onto the street where a number of motorcycles are waiting for them -- two R1200 motorbikes and a tricked-out Panhead Harley chopper with ape-hanger handlebars. Rush and Segura leap atop their BMWs.  Jigsaw rolls into puddle of water, dousing himself, then jumps onto his chopper.  As the vamps peel out --
9) 0) text: Rush and Jigsaw gun their bikes for all they're worth.  U ahead, a line of construction barricades are blocking the way.  The vampires power on through the barricades, then abruptly brake --
10) 0) text: Hyper-speed.  Rush slouches low, trying to cut wind resistance and will his bike faster.  He hazards a look b
10) 2) dialog: goes flying onto the road, rolling over and over, one of legs SNAPPING at a bone-breaking angle.  As he lies there MOANING, Blade circles around, sweeping past Rush's decim bike, retrieving his sward from the burning wreckage. Blade kills the engine on his own bike and dismounts.  Ru is pathetically trying to drag his broken body to safety. Blade approaches, placing his boot heel on the back of Ru neck, forcing his face against the asphalt.  He unholster his MACH, pointing it at the vampire's bleeding head. Blade's opening line:
25) 25) text: Scud looks to a bank of security monitors -- the views br into static as a FIGURE rushes past them.  He tries a few keyboard commands.
41) 31) text: Whistler FIRES -- BA-BANG!  A SONIC BOOM rocks the worksh SHATTERING a number of windows and computer monitor scree as a wad of needle rushes just millimeters past Chupa's f embedding in the wall behind him.
61) 2) text: -- Nomak, who swings his head around towards Blade!  Blad FIRES his MACH pistol point-blank into Nomak's face, blas the Reaper backwards -- But Nomak is back on his feet in a split-second, SMASHING through a window onto the fire escape beyond.  Blade rush to the window, looks out --
94) 0) text: CLOSE ON the pheromone atomizer, the spray petering out. Whistler is beat to shit, bleeding from his mouth.  Chupa reaches for his handgun, whipping it out just as -- Whistler's hands brush the damaged night vision goggles. swings them upward.
98) 5) text: Reinhardt races away, abandoning Blade.  Blade reaches fo one of the UV flashbangs clipped to his harness.  He pull the pin with his teeth and shoves it into an on-rushing Reaper's mouth as -- Reinhardt slips on the wet concrete and -- BANG!  Searing LIGHT fills the tunnel, instantly incinera the Reaper. Reinhardt's unprotected face CATCHES FIRE.   He SCREAMS, falling back into the water, trying to douse the flames. ANOTHER REAPER lands atop him, dragging him down as --
100) 16) text: Nyssa reaches inside her harness, handing Blade the remai atomizers.  He crushes them in his fist, letting the flui within spill over his face and chest.
109) 0) text: BANG!  Blade kicks open a pair of doors, hurrying Nyssa inside.  He's carrying her limp form in his arms, having wrapped her in a blanket.  Blade himself looks like hell warmed over -- covered in blood, ash, and grime. He rushes her towards the ER, navigating through a maze o PATIENTS and VISITORS.  An ER NURSE approaches.
114) 6) text: Blade spins Stevens around, shoving his face against a gl case, crushing the man's nose, spiderwebbing the glass.
120) 4) text: Damaskinos runs for his life, rushing out the opposite do quickly followed by Stevens as we --
121) 0) text: Nyssa hears the ALARMS and moves into a corridor lit by r strobing emergency lights.  VAMPIRE GUARDS are rushing pa
124) 0) text: Whistler shuffles forward through the narrow conduit on h elbows.  We hear footsteps.  Through the metal gratings above, we glimpse TWO FIGURES rushing past --
126) 0) text: CLOSE ON a grate moving up from the floor.  Whistler emer rushing to Blade's side.  As he starts frantically releas Blade from his bonds, he looks to the ravaged door --
130) 0) text: CLOSE ON a hand twisting a safety lever on the floor.  PU BACK to reveal Stevens manually activating a series of hydraulic lock-down latches. CHINK!CHINK!CHINK!  The doors of the Eastern, Northern, a Western corridors are sealing, lock-down latches clamping down for extra security.  Even as the Western door seals, glimpse Nomak rushing towards it with inhuman speed.
130) 4) text: Stevens rushes towards the closing elevator doors, but it too late.  He pounds his fist against them.  Behind him, hear a terrible RENDING OF METAL as the Western door give Stevens looks in that direction -- In an eyeblink, Nomak is upon him, SLAMMING his hand over Stevens' face, crushing it.
133) 0) text: A set of elevator doors open, disgorging Damaskinos.  Bey the lobby windows we can SEE a waiting helicopter, VAMPIR SOLDIERS readying it for take-off.  Damaskinos rushes acr the lobby and is almost at the exit when -- CHUNK!CHUNK!CHUNK! A series of steel shutters slam down o the doors and windows.  Damaskinos tries to tug one of th shutters upwards, then moves to a keypad nearby.  He star hurriedly tapping in a numeric sequence when we hear:
133) 15) text: Damaskinos scurries backwards, but there's nowhere left t run.  Nomak descends on him, lifting the vampire into a r crushing embrace, chomping his elongated canines into Damaskinos' throat. Damaskinos SQUEALS like a child as his life-blood is suck out of him.  His body begins to cave inward, shrinking an twisting until there's nothing left but shriveled husk. Nyssa hefts the rail-gun and FIRES at Nomak's back.  Noma HOWLS, releasing Damaskinos' body, then turns, focusing h blood-drunk gaze on Nomak.
137) 0) text: Rush, the vampire brother wanna-be from the opening of th film, is up at the register, exchanging a twenty for a handful of tokens.  He's humming along to that old E-Roti song "Voulez-vous couchez avec moi".
137) 1) dialog: -- yelling for your tender touch, you can never get enough --
137) 3) dialog: -- cover me with your love --
137) 4) text: Rush stops at "Buddy Booth No. 3 - HOT ONE-ON-ONE ACTION.
138) 0) text: Rush steps inside.  There's a chair set in front of a Plexiglas window, an intercom with a phone receiver, box Kleenex, and a slot for the tokens. Rush gets himself situated, picks up the receiver, then eagerly pops some tokens in the slot.
138) 1) dialog: Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir! Voulez-vous coucher AVEC MOI!!!
138) 2) text: With a HUM, the screen in front of the window rises, offe us a view of the booth on the other side of the Plexiglas Only instead of a skanked out booth girl, Rush finds hims staring in open-mouthed astonishment at --