17) 0) text: Santa's workshop by way of Soldier of Fortune.  Industria equipment is strewn everywhere.  Mills, old furnaces, gut vehicles, an ad hoc surgical theater.  We also notice the rig which Scud had been piloting.  Because of various lea overhead pipes, the floor is slick with a sheen of water. Blade kills his Charger, looking around as he climbs out.
17) 3) dialog: Lock up your daughters, people --
17) 4) dialog: A handlebar moustached, weed-sucking stoner.  Thrift-stor chic, wearing a Jimmy Walker "Dyn-O-Mite!" T-shirt.
17) 5) dialog: The Dark Knight returns.
17) 6) text: Scud is lowering himself down from the ceiling on a rope pulley system where he'd been suspended in a safety harne doing some kind of electrical wiring job.  He reaches the floor and unclips himself.  We notice he's wearing a surf charm around his neck that's been strung with vampire fan Scud pulls a half-smoked roach from behind his ear, using lighter in the shape of a woman's torso to fire up.  The flame jets from a hole in one of her tits.  He takes a Spicoli-sized hit and offers the roach to Blade.
17) 7) dialog: Little toke of the smokage, B?
17) 10) text: Blade opens the trunk.  Scud joins him.
17) 12) dialog: Fuck me!
17) 13) text: Blade gets Whistler in a headlock, choking him as he drag him out of the trunk.  It's like trying to wrestle a rabi pit bull.  He looks to Scud, annoyed.
17) 15) text: Scud steps forward, tentative.  Together, he and Blade dr Whistler kicking and SCREAMING across the workshop, forci him into a small, cell-like room.
18) 0) text: WHAP!  Blade throws Whistler onto the concrete floor, pin him as Scud quickly slips a series of chains around him w have been secured to the wall.  The opposite wall is cove by a series of steel shutters.  As Whistler continues to thrash, Blade affixes a muzzle to the older man's mouth.
18) 1) dialog: You got something in mind, Blade?
18) 5) dialog: I don't know about this, man --
18) 6) text: Blade injects Whistler with the syringe.  Whistler HOWLS pain, nearly throwing Blade and Scud off him.
18) 8) text: Scud scurries away.  Whistler's struggles have taken an e more violent turn.  Blade beats him back down. Finally, Blade steps on Whistler's neck, pinning his head he draws a shotgun from a holster beneath his armpit.  He shoves it in Whistler's SNARLING FACE.
19) 0) text: BOOM!  Blade slams the cell door closed.  The door is hea steel.  Nevertheless, Whistler kicks against it, threaten to tear it off its hinges.  Blade throws a heavy cross-ba over the door.  Then he steps back, joining Scud. WHUMP!WHUMP!WHUMP!  Whistler hammers the door again and a and again.  But the crossbar holds.  Blade glances at Scu who's looking winded and shaken by the ordeal.
19) 2) text: Scud nods and exits.  Blade drags a chair across the floo setting it in front of the door.  He sits down, shotgun resting across his knees, holding vigil.  And off that gr stoic image we --
25) 0) text: The workshop proper.  Scud is working at Whistler's old lathe, bopping his head along to MUSIC which is playing o nearby TV.  The them song to SPEED RACER.  Now he's weari Ron Jeremy T-shirt that says "Daddy".
25) 2) text: Whistler cocks an incredulous eyebrow at Blade, who has fallen in beside him.  Scud kills the lathe and approache
25) 3) dialog: Whistler.  Cool beans.  Nice to meet you, man.  Heard a lot.  I'm Josh Frohmeyer.  You can call me Scud, though.  That's what most people do.
25) 4) text: Scud offers his hand.  Whistler doesn't take it.  Scud sh an uneasy glance at Blade, raising an eyebrow in question Is Whistler okay, or not?  Blade nods.  Whistler moves ov to the Charger which has its hood up.
25) 6) dialog: Scud.
25) 8) dialog: The pimp-mobile?  Just made a few after market modifications.  Nitrous-oxide injection system, forged aluminum pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing fuel pump.
25) 10) dialog: Fuck yeah.  Whole package'll crank this betty up another three-hundred horsepower.
25) 14) dialog: Look, what's your problem?
25) 15) text: Whistler gets in Scud's face.  Scud looks to Blade for he but he just watches, letting the two of them sort things
25) 17) text: Scud attempts to show some balls, but stammers all the sa
25) 18) dialog: Hey, you think I don't know what's at stake here?  We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass!  And for what?
25) 20) text: Just then, however, an alarm starts BEEPING.  Scud checks display as Blade readies his MACH.
25) 21) dialog: Motion sensors.  Looks like Zone Three.
25) 23) text: Scud checks a series of thermal signature displays.
25) 24) dialog: Body temp's fifty so I'll guess suck head.
25) 25) text: Scud looks to a bank of security monitors -- the views br into static as a FIGURE rushes past them.  He tries a few keyboard commands.
25) 26) dialog: I don't understand, I'm not getting anything on the surveillance cams.
25) 29) text: Whistler moves to a rack of weaponry.  As he reaches for 15, Scud moves to stop him.
25) 30) dialog: Whoa, whoa, easy cowboy - I'm not trusting you with a weapon just yet.
25) 31) text: Whistler SMACKS Scud in the face with the butt of the CAR and pushes past him.  We hear a CRASH.
25) 35) text: Scud, with his nose now bleeding, activates a series of stadium-style lights secured to the ceiling.  The entire place goes white with UV light, the image nearly blowing
25) 42) text: Blade looks back to the First Intruder.  Then slowly withdraws his sword.  The Intruder does the same.  Blade turns off the God-lights.  The UVs fade and normal lighti returns.  Scud and Whistler pick themselves up off the fl
25) 46) dialog: (wiping blood from his nose) Bullshit.
25) 47) text: Blade holds up his hand, silencing Scud's outburst.  He n for Nyssa and Asad to continue. Nyssa slowly crouches and reaches for the object she drop - a CD.  She tosses it to Blade.  Still keeping an eye on them, Blade slips the CD into a reader.  We SEE a slide-s of video capture shots taken from a surveillance camera. Nomak tearing into the blood bank staff, etc.
26) 0) text: Blade, Whistler, and Scud stand near the ledge, while Asa stands a few yards off, talking on a phone.  Nyssa stands even further away, watching them with distrust.
26) 1) dialog: This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt-willies.
27) 0) text: We track the helicopters across the night sky.  We SEE Whistler and Asad in one, Blade, Scud and Nyssa in anothe
29) 0) text: The Bell Jet Rangers touch down outside a terraced, Frank Lloyd Wright structure overlooking the ocean.  As Nyssa a Asad lead Blade, Whistler and Scud towards the facility w SEE a circular crimson logo encircling a double-helix. Scud notices a series of RED LIGHT DOTS on his arms and chest.  He looks up to see DOZENS OF VAMPIRE MARKSMEN on roofs above, training their weapons on them.
34) 0) text: Blade, Whistler and Scud enter through the loading elevat Blade turns to Whistler.
34) 5) text: Whistler moves away.  Blade shrugs off his jacket, begins putting away his weapons.  Scud lingers, apprehensive.
34) 6) dialog: So you're going to do this?
34) 8) text: Scud follows Blade's gaze, watching Whistler, who has collapsed into a chair at the far end of the workshop.  T grizzled hunter pulls off his leg brace, then massages hi bum knee.  Scud nods in Whistler's direction.
34) 9) dialog: I'm worried about him. (off Blade's look) Look, I know he's your friend, but just watch him, okay?  Nobody goes cold Turkey from the Thirst in a night.
40) 0) text: Blade is just finishing injecting himself with serum.  He sighs, falling back into the chair he's sitting in, waiti for the shakes to subside.  He unwraps a piece of rubbing tubing which he'd been using as a tourniquet, flexes his hand. The door to his room opens.  Scud stands there in silhoue
40) 1) dialog: Um, we've got company.
41) 0) text: Blade emerges into the workshop proper with Whistler and Scud.
46) 1) dialog: Loud and clear, B.
47) 0) text: The interior of the van has been outfitted into a mobile center".  Scud sits in a cluttered nest of electronic ephermera, munching on a bag of White Castle hamburgers. He's watching a video feed from a camera mounted on Blade gear, listening to the Bloodpack's CHATTER coming in from various audio channels.  In the background, he's also got Barry White's "Love Machine" playing.
47) 1) dialog: Everything's copacetic in the Mystery Van.  How you doing, Whistler?
48) 2) text: The view pans from the hotel entrance to Scud's van. Whistler puts down the binoculars, lights a cigarette.  H takes out a knife and slices open his palm.  He stares at blood, his hand slowly trembling.
56) 0) text: Bored to shit, Scud plucks a joint from behind his ear. he fires up his woman torso lighter we HEAR SOMETHING jus outside the van.  Scud kills the Barry White, listening. Silence.  Then, a FAINT SKITTERING.
56) 1) dialog: Um, Whistler, you out there?
56) 3) dialog: (more urgently) Whistler?
56) 4) text: Still no response.  Scud reaches for a handgun and creeps into the front of the van.  He looks out the windshield - nothing.  He looks left, then right - nothing. Unnerved, Scud returns to the back of the van.  He reache for the handle of the rear door and abruptly jerks the do open, aiming the gun out -- There's nothing outside the van.  But then Scud hears the SKITTERING AGAIN.  His eyes shift apprehensively to the f of the van below him.
59) 0) text: -- back with Scud.  He ducks his head outside, looking beneath the van.  Nothing there.  Relieved, Scud shuts th rear door, laughs to himself.
61) 1) dialog: (filtered; panicked) They're here!!!!
64) 2) dialog: UV headlights, c'mon, come on!!!
64) 3) text: Scud fumbles for the headlights.  They won't go on!  Then notices a mess of wiring haphazardly duct-taped together. reaches for the wiring, fiddling with it --
64) 4) dialog: FuckmefuckmefuckmeFUCKME!!!!
65) 0) text: The Reaper nearest Priest turns in his direction.  We recognize her as the Nurse from the bloodbank.  She LEAPS Priest -- Priest fires a Glaser round through the she-Reaper's head The Reaper twists in mid-leap, falls to the floor, then p herself up again.  Like Scud's Reaper, she seems unaffect by the custom-made ammo.
66) 0) text: As Scud continues to fiddle with the faulty headlight wir the windshield finally SHATTERS beneath the Reaper's poun fists.  It latches onto Scud's collar and pulls him forwa over the wheel even as the seam/scar in its chin splits a and the Reaper's enlarged maw flowers open.  Scud is just centimeters away from having his face being bitten off wh -- the wires SPARK and the headlights come on, illuminati the Reaper in a wash of UV light!  The effect is instantaneous.  The Reaper HOWLS and lets go, then prompt BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Scud cups his ear, shouting via the comm system.
66) 1) dialog: Use your entry lights!  They can't stand the UV!!!
67) 0) text: Asad hears Scud's message as he continues fending off a Reaper's attack.  Then he manages to get hold of his rifl He FLICKS on the UV entry light, aiming it at the Reaper' face.  The Reaper's head catches fire.  Asad SHOUTS to th others --
75) 18) dialog: Ho-lee shit.
75) 25) text: She tries to cut into the bony shell and the scalpel snap Scud WHISTLES, impressed.
75) 26) dialog: Good luck getting a stake through that.
79) 0) text: The back of the workshop.  Scud takes a hit of weed then resumes working on one of the UV entry lights -- it's bee taken half-apart and tweaked-out with cables and a crysta prism.  Whistler is there too, loading magazines.
79) 2) dialog: (proud, succinct) Tweaked the phosphor rod, modified the collimated beam, wanna concentrate the light, get something like a UV laser going.
79) 4) dialog: Yeah, but you didn't have the Scudster working on it, did you?
79) 6) dialog: (unfazed) So how long have you known Blade, anyway?
79) 8) dialog: Blade doesn't talk about the old days much.
79) 10) text: Scud pulls up his T-shirt.  His abdomen is covered in a network of horrific scars.  Like something you'd see on t survivor of a shark attack.
79) 12) dialog: I was backpacking.  Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival.  We were gonna take "E", have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert.  You know the riff, "Dear Penthouse, I never thought this would happen to me, but --"
79) 13) text: Scud takes a Phillip and adjust some screws on the laser.
79) 14) dialog: Anyway, halfway through our Three's Company marathon, Janet and Chrissy started taking chunks out of me.  Woulda died too if Blade hadn't shown up and staked those mamacitas a new honeyhole. (shrugging) Things kinda fell in place after that.
79) 15) text: Scud jiggles the necklace of fangs around his neck.
79) 16) dialog: Took myself a few souvenirs, though.
79) 17) text: Scud triggers the modified entry light.  The light PULSES like a series of flash-bulbs going off, creating a stroboscopic effect as a wafer-thin, super-concentrated B BEAM OF LIGHT slices through the shadows.  Scud looks to Whistler and smiles.
79) 18) dialog: Mmm-mmm.  Poppa's got a brand new bag.
81) 0) text: Scud stands before the others.  He looks bleary-eyed but pleased with the night's work.  The fruit of their effort are laid on a work table before them -- a half-dozen UV l guns, along with a collection of UV flashbang grenades an much bigger explosive device secured into a backpack carr Blade picks up one of the UV lasers.  He sights down the length of it.  Scud takes a power pack and slaps into the base of Blade's gun.
81) 1) dialog: The powerpacks have a limited charge, maybe ten minutes of continuous use at most.
81) 4) dialog: UV flashbang grenades with plug-in phosphor sticks -- (pointing to a backpack carrier) This is for the grand finale.  Wired together a couple-dozen of those puppies.  But I'd be careful where you pop your load.  Might end up frying yourselves in the process.
81) 6) dialog: After last night?  Dude, I'm a lover, not a fighter.
112) 38) dialog: What's going on?
112) 40) dialog: Nomak?
115) 18) dialog: You're wasting your time, Blade.  The flechette's a dud.
115) 19) text: Scud crosses over to Reinhardt's side.  Whistler stares a him in disbelief.
115) 20) dialog: It was never supposed to explode.  All it was supposed to do was make you feel like you were in control.
115) 25) text: Reinhardt tosses the fletchette to Scud, who grins, flipp down his lower lip to reveal a vampire glyph tattooed on
115) 26) dialog: See, I'm one of Damaskinos' familiars.
115) 28) dialog: Yeah, your little cootchie knew.
115) 30) dialog: Back when Blade had me hunting down your puckered old ass.  What's up with your hair, anyway?  Fucking Willie Nelson look-a-like?
115) 31) text: Scud punches Whistler in the face.
115) 32) dialog: Man, I so wanted to do that.
115) 33) text: Scud shakes his hand, which is smarting from the blow.  H looks to Blade now, angry.
115) 34) dialog: And you.  You never cared about me.  I gave you everything.  All you cared about was digging up the old fuck!  You think they scoped out my security system? (chuckling) I let them in.  Dude, I practically gave 'em the fucking keys.  I've been feeding Damaskinos information the whole time. Providing them with samples of your genetic material -- helping them with the Reaper program.  They're close, Blade.  Right up against it.  Any day now, they're all going to be Daywalkers. And when that happens, well, let's just say, I don't want to be on the losing team.  You may be strong, you may be fast, but in the end, you're just too human, B.
115) 36) dialog: So that's down and dirty.  Got anything to say for yourself?
115) 38) text: Scud has a split-second of terrified, wide-eyed realizati before Blade pushes the button and BOOM!  The flechette i Scud's hand EXPLODES, blowing his body apart, spraying th nearest him with blood.  Primarily Reinhardt.