41) 3) text: Their leader, DIETER REINHARDT (30s), is a square-jawed, chiseled Austrian.  Next to Reinhardt is SNOWMAN, a wire albino, LIGHTHAMMER, a massive Blackfoot Indian, and PRIE a bald-headed modern primitive with copious piercings and facial tattoos.  Rounding out the bunch is CHUPA, a blunt featured Puerto Rican, and VERLAINE, a familiar-looking curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lips that exudes a preda sexuality. (NOTE: Verlaine looks familiar because she is the twin si of Raquel, the bodacious vamp played by Traci Lords that Blade killed in the opening scene of the first film.)
41) 20) dialog: Do it, Reinhardt.  Do it!!!
41) 39) dialog: (cold) That was my sister.
41) 42) dialog: Something like that.
52) 0) text: A 1930s industrial kitchen filled with corroded equipment Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer work their way inwar searching the area.  Lighthammer carries massive war hamm like his namesake. Reinhardt nods to Verlaine, who opens a walk-in, shining entry light over an assortment of rusting meat hooks.
54) 0) text: Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer.  A Styrofoam cup ro across the floor, blown by a breeze.  Reinhardt pauses, notices another walk-in freezer door ajar, moves in that direction. Unseen behind them, a door BEHIND THEM slowly swings open
62) 0) text: A Reaper EXPLODES out from the walk-in, rather than the d behind them.  He leaps atop Reinhardt, SLAMMING him to th floor.  Lighthammer swings his hammer, missing the Reaper taking out a chunk of the wall instead. Lighthammer swings and misses again, taking a chunk out o the floor.  Verlaine empties her automatic rifle into the Reaper even as -- The Reaper turns on Lighthammer, catching the war hammer, Reaper's lower jaw disengages and splits open, revealing freakishly enlarged esophagus lined with serrated, sharkl teeth. All of this takes a split-second.  No time for Lighthamme react as the Reaper latches its grossly expanded mouth on his throat and begins draining him before our eyes.  The Reaper SHUDDERS and the whites of his eyes bleed red as a ecstatic wave washes over him.  His pale flesh, pulsing w engorged veinwork, becomes flushed, turning crimson as --
71) 22) dialog: You kill him!  I'm not killing him!
75) 41) text: Snowman signs something to Verlaine.
75) 42) dialog: What do you think, Asad?
83) 0) text: One by one, the group of hunters descend into the claustrophobic chamber.  Verlaine is lugs the UV bomb on back.  Blade leads them to the clawed-open portion of the brick wall, then on through.
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
90) 0) text: As Nyssa, Snowman, Verlaine, and Asad cautiously move forward, Nyssa GASPS, startled by -- HALF A DOZEN REAPERS laying on the tunnel floor before th in a stagnant pool of sewage water.  Dead.
93) 0) text: Nyssa nods to Asad and Verlaine.  They train their UV las on the area where the Reaper corpses were -- but the Reap bodies are gone.  And so is Snowman for that matter.
93) 2) dialog: Screw that, where did Snowman go?
96) 0) text: Verlaine, Nyssa and Asad are FIRING their UV lasers.  The pumping flashes of their guns throw crazy shadows in ever direction.  Adding to the unbridled chaos of strobing lig and NOISE.  More and more Reapers are swarming towards th moving towards us at an unearthly clip!  Nyssa and her compatriots retreat, running for their lives.
103) 0) text: Blade reaches Verlaine's half-submerged body.  He tears t backpack carrier off the dead vampire and hefts it onto h shoulder, charging up an elevated concrete embankment as