12) 5) text: Whistler's ace drifts around into view.  Blade shakes his head in sadness.  He looks about for a way to extract Whistler, doesn't see any obvious means, then -- CRASH!  Blade kicks through the glass.  Blood and fluids flood out around him as Whistler's limp body tumbles part down, but he's still suspended by the wires and medical leads.  Blade unsheathes his sword, severing the wires -- Whistler falls into his arms.  Blade cradles him, then -- gunsmith's eyes abruptly snap open, flooding with rage. Blade staggers back as the HOWLING horror that used to be mentor wraps his hands around Blade's throat, forcing him the ground.  Whistler ROARS, revealing a set of jagged fa
12) 6) dialog: Why didn't you finish me off?!?!  I told you --
12) 7) text: Whistler SLAMS the back of Blade's head against the concr floor again and again, punctuating his words with each SL
12) 8) dialog: -- TO -- FUCKING -- FINISH -- ME -- OFF!
12) 9) text: Blade knees Whistler in the balls.  Whistler lets go, cup his groin as Blade heaves him aside. Blade strips off his gauntlets.  Whistler springs at him again.  Blade sinks his fist deep in Whistler's stomach. Whistler doubles over, Blade twists Whistler's hands behi his back, cuffing his wrists together with a pair of tita manacles. Blade pulls a restraint hood from his equipment bag and quickly slips it over Whistler's head, cinching it tight. Another beat.  Whistler doesn't stir.  He's down for the count.  Blade pauses a moment, catching his breath as he leans on Whistler's still form.  He's exhausted.
12) 11) text: He rises, heaving Whistler's body over his shoulder.
17) 11) dialog: is inside.  Blade unfastens the hood, slipping it off. Immediately, Whistler sits up, LUNGING at Blade!
17) 13) text: Blade gets Whistler in a headlock, choking him as he drag him out of the trunk.  It's like trying to wrestle a rabi pit bull.  He looks to Scud, annoyed.
17) 15) text: Scud steps forward, tentative.  Together, he and Blade dr Whistler kicking and SCREAMING across the workshop, forci him into a small, cell-like room.
18) 0) text: WHAP!  Blade throws Whistler onto the concrete floor, pin him as Scud quickly slips a series of chains around him w have been secured to the wall.  The opposite wall is cove by a series of steel shutters.  As Whistler continues to thrash, Blade affixes a muzzle to the older man's mouth.
18) 6) text: Blade injects Whistler with the syringe.  Whistler HOWLS pain, nearly throwing Blade and Scud off him.
18) 8) text: Scud scurries away.  Whistler's struggles have taken an e more violent turn.  Blade beats him back down. Finally, Blade steps on Whistler's neck, pinning his head he draws a shotgun from a holster beneath his armpit.  He shoves it in Whistler's SNARLING FACE.
18) 10) text: Blade raises his foot from Whistler's neck, quickly backi out the door.  Whistler THROWS himself at Blade, nearly tearing the chains from the wall as --
19) 0) text: BOOM!  Blade slams the cell door closed.  The door is hea steel.  Nevertheless, Whistler kicks against it, threaten to tear it off its hinges.  Blade throws a heavy cross-ba over the door.  Then he steps back, joining Scud. WHUMP!WHUMP!WHUMP!  Whistler hammers the door again and a and again.  But the crossbar holds.  Blade glances at Scu who's looking winded and shaken by the ordeal.
20) 0) text: Daylight bleaches the image, almost whiting it out.  A WI sifts through refuse, collecting bottles.  Three MUTTS ar tethered to his side with rope.  He reaches for a bottle, cuts himself on a piece of glass.  As he inspects his wou his dogs GROWL.  The Wino looks up -- A BLACK KID (14) is standing atop a mountain of refuse -- wiry and intense, perched there like a predator.  The Win glances at his wrist again, the blood, then back up at th black kid.  Unnerved, the Wino starts to back away, then turns -- BUMPING right into the black kid, who has moved beside him with uncanny speed.  (NOTE: this all happens within a single, continuous shot.) The boy SLAMS the Wino against the trestle wall and SNARL baring FANGS.  And just as he's about to tear the man's throat out -- A HAND reaches in from off-screen, pulling the boy back. It's WHISTLER, twenty years younger and spryer, with a he full of RAVEN BLACK hair. Whistler throws the boy into the light, forcing him onto ground.  He shoves a .45 against the boy's face and is ju about to pull the trigger when he stops, NOTICING overhea sun reflected in the boy's eyes.  Whistler looks up and S the sun at high noon, then glances back at the boy in understanding.  He smiles.
20) 1) dialog: Daylight.  Son of a bitch.
22) 0) text: Blade enters.  It's dark.  We can just make out Whistler' figure huddled in the corner like some kind of caged anim his lanky, gray hair obscuring his face. Whistler doesn't stir.  Blade crosses over to the steel shutters.  For the briefest moments, he hesitates.  Then hits the switch, readying his shotgun.  With a HUM, the shutters rise, throwing a SHAFT OF BLINDING SUNLIGHT over Whistler. Nothing happens.  Blade lowers his shotgun.  Whistler slo raises his head, fixing Blade with a bloodshot eye.
22) 2) dialog: Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my mouth.
23) 0) text: Whistler stands bare-chested before a corroded mirror, splashing water from a sink over his face, rinsing off shaving cream residue.  He inspects his features -- he's cleaned himself up a bit, trimmed his beard, etc. He pulls on a fresh shirt, then turns to face Blade, who stands behind him.
23) 1) dialog: You came back for me.
23) 3) dialog: Took you long enough.
24) 0) text: Whistler has fired up a Lucky Strike.  He's moving throug the storage area where much of his old equipment has been shelved, pulling tarps off, checking things.  Blade follo
24) 2) dialog: You put a bullet in my brain.  Wouldn't expect anything else.
24) 3) text: Whistler takes a long drag, expelling the smoke slowly, studying the cigarette in his hand.
24) 4) dialog: I'll say one thing for doing time as a suckhead.  Seems to have knocked that cancer of mine back into remission.
24) 5) text: Blade nods.  Then Whistler stops, obviously frustrated.
24) 6) dialog: Where the hell's my lathe?
24) 7) text: Just then we hear the SOUND of an industrial lathe firing Curious, Whistler exits into --
25) 0) text: The workshop proper.  Scud is working at Whistler's old lathe, bopping his head along to MUSIC which is playing o nearby TV.  The them song to SPEED RACER.  Now he's weari Ron Jeremy T-shirt that says "Daddy".
25) 2) text: Whistler cocks an incredulous eyebrow at Blade, who has fallen in beside him.  Scud kills the lathe and approache
25) 4) text: Scud offers his hand.  Whistler doesn't take it.  Scud sh an uneasy glance at Blade, raising an eyebrow in question Is Whistler okay, or not?  Blade nods.  Whistler moves ov to the Charger which has its hood up.
25) 5) dialog: Tell me something, Skid --
25) 7) dialog: Whatever -- (checking the motor) What'd you do to the Charger?
25) 9) dialog: Gave it a more aggressive exhaust profile ramping.
25) 11) dialog: (cutting him off) And you'll burn the damn thing out before your next fucking oil change.
25) 12) text: Whistler just looks to Blade and shakes his head.
25) 13) dialog: Where'd you dig up this shit-bird anyway?
25) 15) text: Whistler gets in Scud's face.  Scud looks to Blade for he but he just watches, letting the two of them sort things
25) 16) dialog: My problem, shitbird, is that I tried to blow my fucking head off and wound up sucking blood clots for the last year and a half!  Now you're standing there choking your chicken like we're all walking around some fucking candy-ass vampire sitcom!
25) 19) dialog: (grabs Scud's shirt) Our operation?!  Our operation?!  I built this operation, you fucking turd stain.
25) 27) text: Whistler makes a few adjustments on the nearest monitor.
25) 28) dialog: They're fried.  Whoever's out there is using magnesium flares.  Seems like they've got your security system stopped out pretty well.
25) 29) text: Whistler moves to a rack of weaponry.  As he reaches for 15, Scud moves to stop him.
25) 31) text: Whistler SMACKS Scud in the face with the butt of the CAR and pushes past him.  We hear a CRASH.
25) 40) text: Blade and the First Intruder freeze.  The Second Intruder steps away from Whistler, whom he clearly had the drop on and tosses the CAR-15 to the ground.
25) 42) text: Blade looks back to the First Intruder.  Then slowly withdraws his sword.  The Intruder does the same.  Blade turns off the God-lights.  The UVs fade and normal lighti returns.  Scud and Whistler pick themselves up off the fl
26) 0) text: Blade, Whistler, and Scud stand near the ledge, while Asa stands a few yards off, talking on a phone.  Nyssa stands even further away, watching them with distrust.
26) 2) dialog: Look, kid, they obviously found your base of operations.  If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves?
26) 4) dialog: (grinning at Scud) Either that or feeding the worms.
27) 0) text: We track the helicopters across the night sky.  We SEE Whistler and Asad in one, Blade, Scud and Nyssa in anothe
29) 0) text: The Bell Jet Rangers touch down outside a terraced, Frank Lloyd Wright structure overlooking the ocean.  As Nyssa a Asad lead Blade, Whistler and Scud towards the facility w SEE a circular crimson logo encircling a double-helix. Scud notices a series of RED LIGHT DOTS on his arms and chest.  He looks up to see DOZENS OF VAMPIRE MARKSMEN on roofs above, training their weapons on them.
32) 3) text: As they move towards the final door, Whistler shivers.  S watches as his breath escapes from his mouth in a frosty plume.  Asad takes notice.
33) 8) text: Whistler glares at Damaskinos.  The two men stare at each other a moment, sizing one another up.
33) 34) dialog: Just how long has this little social club of yours been together?
34) 0) text: Blade, Whistler and Scud enter through the loading elevat Blade turns to Whistler.
34) 2) dialog: Sounds like a plan.
34) 4) dialog: (lighting a cigarette) These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain.  They're going to fuck us the first chance they get.
34) 5) text: Whistler moves away.  Blade shrugs off his jacket, begins putting away his weapons.  Scud lingers, apprehensive.
34) 8) text: Scud follows Blade's gaze, watching Whistler, who has collapsed into a chair at the far end of the workshop.  T grizzled hunter pulls off his leg brace, then massages hi bum knee.  Scud nods in Whistler's direction.
41) 0) text: Blade emerges into the workshop proper with Whistler and Scud.
41) 2) dialog: Well if it isn't Snow White and the Seven Suckheads.
41) 27) dialog: Hefting a heavy ordnance case on the table.  Blade and company sit on one side, the Bloodpack on the other.
41) 28) dialog: (opening a case of bullets) Glaser safety rounds in .38, .45, and 9mm caliber.  Foil capsules at the tip filled with silver nitrate grains.  They pack a major kinetic energy dump.  And since you suckheads don't like sunlight, we've modified the entry lights with UV filters --
41) 29) text: Whistler flicks on the entry light.  Then notices that Ch isn't paying attention.  The vampire is looking at Snowma who is saying something in sign-language.  Chupa snickers Whistler picks up a massive gun with a modified C-mag (hundred round cylindrical mag).  It has a strange electr assembly barrel with shockwave ports running along it.
41) 30) dialog: This puppy here?  Hyper-velocity railgun.  Spits up silver-tipped iron core needles at six thousand butt humping feet per second.  Like this --
41) 31) text: Whistler FIRES -- BA-BANG!  A SONIC BOOM rocks the worksh SHATTERING a number of windows and computer monitor scree as a wad of needle rushes just millimeters past Chupa's f embedding in the wall behind him.
41) 33) dialog: Getting your attention, Paco.
42) 0) text: Blade, Whistler, and the Bloodpack are gathered on a roof overlooking a derelict city block.
42) 3) dialog: I don't see any traffic, no vampire glyphs --
42) 4) text: Whistler lifts up a pair of night-vision binoculars and s the building.
42) 7) text: Whistler switches to infra-red.  A previously unseen Vamp GLYPH is now revealed, hidden amongst the haphazard graff Just beneath the glyph are a pair of loading doors set fl into the concrete sidewalk.
42) 8) dialog: (lowering binocs; to Blade) Let's put this clusterfuck in gear.
42) 9) text: Reinhardt reaches for Whistler, stopping him.
42) 11) dialog: Like I give a shit.
42) 14) dialog: (bristling) I don't like it.
42) 16) text: Whistler considers Blade's words, then reluctantly nods. Blade rejoins the vampires.  Reinhardt grins.
48) 0) text: Whistler is atop the roof of a nearby building, outfitted with a sniper rifle on a tripod.
48) 1) dialog: Walking on sunshine, toke-boy.
48) 2) text: The view pans from the hotel entrance to Scud's van. Whistler puts down the binoculars, lights a cigarette.  H takes out a knife and slices open his palm.  He stares at blood, his hand slowly trembling.
69) 0) text: Whistler's sniper rifle and binoculars have been abandone and --
71) 27) dialog: If this is the best you turd-stains have to offer, I'm not impressed.
71) 28) text: Blade looks over to see Whistler, who is just entering. moves over to him, angry.  Chupa follows, equally pissed.
71) 30) dialog: Ran into a little Reaper trouble myself.
71) 32) dialog: (poking Chupa in the chest) You need to ratchet those 'nads of yours down a few notches, paco.
71) 33) text: Chupa flushes with anger and flicks his knife across Whistler's shoulder, opening a gash.  Whistler goes balli and PUNCHES Chupa in the face.  A brief tussle ensues bef Blade and the others can separate them.  As Chupa is pull away by Asad, he looks back at Whistler.
71) 35) dialog: Ain't no thing but a chicken wing, buttercup.
71) 37) dialog: I'll show you.
72) 0) text: Whistler, Blade and the surviving members of the Bloodpac are now gathered around the octagonal iron culvert just beneath the ballroom.  Whistler turns on a flashlight.  W HEAR something moving in the darkness.  The group tenses, then Whistler's flashlight beam reveals --
72) 3) dialog: I found him like this.  I think he was trying to crawl back into that culvert.
75) 37) text: Blade spins and leaves.  Whistler follows.  Nyssa watches them disappear into Blade's room.  Reinhardt and the othe vampires approach her.
76) 0) text: Blade sits in the shadows, wrapping a piece of rubber tub around his arm, injecting himself with pneumatic syringe serum.  He shivers, convulses violently, then throws back head in relief.  When he does so, he SEES -- Whistler standing in the doorway.  They eye each other a moment as Blade unwraps the tubing from his arm, puts awa his syringe and serum.  Whistler lights a cigarette, then nods through a window towards Nyssa and the others.
76) 1) dialog: You ask me, you and Miss Muffet are getting a mite too cozy for my taste.
76) 3) text: Blade moves to walk away, but Whistler stops him.
76) 4) dialog: I am worrying.  Seems to me, you're starting to get confused as to which side of the line you're standing on.
76) 6) dialog: What the hell is that supposed to mean?
76) 8) text: Whistler steps closer, his voice dropping to a lethal, whisper.
76) 9) dialog: I'm compromised?!  Me?!  I'm not the one playing stink-finger with Vampirella out there!
76) 10) text: Blade stares back at Whistler, calm as a viper.
76) 12) text: The two comrades in arms stare each other down.  Then, finally, Whistler backs away.
76) 13) dialog: (quietly) We'll see.
76) 14) text: Whistler turns and strides exits.  We HOLD ON Blade, torn conflicted, watching Whistler retreat.
79) 0) text: The back of the workshop.  Scud takes a hit of weed then resumes working on one of the UV entry lights -- it's bee taken half-apart and tweaked-out with cables and a crysta prism.  Whistler is there too, loading magazines.
79) 1) dialog: (observing Scud) The hell are you fiddling with there?
79) 3) dialog: (shaking his head) You're wasting your time, already been tried.
79) 5) dialog: (testy) Nope.  Back then we did not.
79) 7) dialog: Going on twenty years now.
79) 9) dialog: Blade doesn't talk about anything much. (nodding to Scud) What about you, though?
79) 11) dialog: Pretty.
79) 17) text: Scud triggers the modified entry light.  The light PULSES like a series of flash-bulbs going off, creating a stroboscopic effect as a wafer-thin, super-concentrated B BEAM OF LIGHT slices through the shadows.  Scud looks to Whistler and smiles.
81) 5) dialog: What about you?  You're not coming?
82) 0) text: Beneath the ballroom gratings.  A high-angle shot looking down at the octagonal iron culvert around which Blade, Whistler, and the remainder of the Bloodpack are gathered The mechanized, sectional portions of the culvert coverin are GRINDING UPWARD, flowering open and apart like some b and rust-encrusted gateway to Hell.
84) 2) text: Blade opens a statchel.  Inside are a dozen distinctive aluminum atomizers.  He hands them out to the others. Whistler triggers a can, spraying a thin mist over his fa wrinkling his noses in disgust.
84) 3) dialog: Eau de suckhead.  Tasty.
84) 5) text: Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Easter tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad, Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nod Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.
85) 0) text: It's darker here, no shafts of sunlight slicing down from above.  Whistler turns on his UV entry light.  Chupa reac out with his hand, partially blocking the beam.
85) 4) dialog: Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark. What am I supposed to do?
85) 5) text: Chupa tosses Whistler a pair of night-vision goggles.
88) 0) text: Whistler and Chupa move side by side.  Chupa is anxious, darting about.  Occasionally, they come upon a transectio with smaller conduits leading off to the right and the le Then they reach a stooped, narrower tunnel and have to mo single file. Suddenly, a BLAST of LIGHT and THUNDEROUS SOUND explodes above them.  They look up --
88) 1) dialog: (startled) Shit!
91) 0) text: Back with Whistler and Chupa, Whistler is in the lead.
91) 2) text: As Whistler turns around, Chupa SLAMS Whistler in the sid the head, swiping his night-vision goggles off.  As Whist vainly searches for his goggles.
91) 3) dialog: What the fuck you doing?
91) 5) text: Chupa moves stealthily in darkness, violently KICKING the older man.  Whistler tries to crawl away, then reaches fo his pheromone atomizer and locks it in the "on-position". Chupa continues to lay into Whistler we SEE the atomizer away, dispensing its contents.
94) 0) text: CLOSE ON the pheromone atomizer, the spray petering out. Whistler is beat to shit, bleeding from his mouth.  Chupa reaches for his handgun, whipping it out just as -- Whistler's hands brush the damaged night vision goggles. swings them upward.
94) 1) text: Whistler has just enough time to register Chupa, the hand pointed directly at him/us before noticing SOMETHING ELSE just beyond Chupa.
97) 0) text: Whistler panics, backing away from the SOUNDS of the reap slaughtering Chupa.  He finds his gun, flicks on the UV e light -- And just like that, the attacking reapers have vanished. Whistler whirls about, sweeping the UV beam around, but a he SEES is darkness. Then, a bone-chilling WHISPER cuts through the shadows.
97) 2) text: Whistler spins.  NOMAK RIGHT BEHIND HIM.  As Whistler whi the UV gun up, Nomak stops it.  The beam is mere millimet from the Reaper's face -- close enough to illuminate his nightmarish features, but not close enough to burn.
97) 4) text: In an eyeblink, Nomak is gone.  Whistler spins, shining t UV this way and that.  Alone in the dark.
100) 0) text: Blade, Nyssa, Whistler and Asad abruptly find themselves in the four-way juncture, knee-deep in water.  They quick regroup, out of breath, riding adrenaline highs.
100) 2) dialog: Forget him, he's chunk-style.
100) 4) dialog: Guess that perfume of yours did the trick after all?
100) 9) dialog: Perfect.  We got the whole fucking Partridge family here.
100) 13) dialog: Unless anybody has any bright ideas, I'd say we're about half a battery away from a reaper gang-bang.
100) 25) text: The foursome spin, FIRING their UV lasers down the Wester tunnel.  The Reapers SHRIEK, falling to either side, thei bodies burning -- Blade CHARGES FORWARD, firing his dying UV laser.  As he makes it past the line of Reapers, they start after him, driven into a frenzy by the pheromones.  The Reapers in t Northern and Eastern tunnels flood after Blade too, leavi Nyssa, Whistler and Asad to contend with the Reapers in t Southern tunnel.  They discharge their weapons, shoulderi Reapers aside, making a mad dash for freedom.
102) 0) text: Whistler and the others FIRE BACK at the small group of Reapers which have followed them, rather than Blade.
112) 49) dialog: Well maybe I do.
112) 51) dialog: (to Scud) Your security's for shit, kid.
112) 53) dialog: Just out connecting a few dots.
112) 54) text: Whistler rises from his chair.  He flicks his cigarette b into the shadows and fixes Blade with a heavy stares.
112) 55) dialog: Bangin' some vampire chick.  Kind of a faux pas in our line of work, wouldn't you say?  Hope you double bagged it, at least.
112) 58) dialog: Why don't you ask your girlfriend?
112) 60) dialog: I did some checking on that Carter Stevens character.  That familiar of theirs who claimed he was with the NIH? Turns out he used to work for them, but he doesn't anymore.
112) 62) text: Whistler gives Nyssa a rueful stare, then tosses Blade a research folder.  On the cover is the same red, double-he logo we saw at Damaskinos' facility.
112) 63) dialog: Some biotech outfit called Caliban Industries.  They've been lying to us since day one.  This Nomak fucker didn't evolve.  He was designed.
112) 66) dialog: You expect us to believe that? (to Blade) Who you going to trust, Blade?  Me or her?
114) 15) dialog: And we're supposed to clean up your mess.  Fucking perfect.
115) 15) text: Blade GASPS in shock.  The rail-gun needles have ripped a brutal hole through the side of his chest-plate.  He clut at his flank, trying to staunch the blood that's seeping between his fingers.  As he sits forward, we see MORE FLECHETTES have embedded in the wall behind him, having t completely through him. Whistler steps forward.  One of the vampire sentries LASH OUT, striking him in the face with the butt of his rifle. Whistler sinks to his knees, stunned.  The guard disarms
115) 19) text: Scud crosses over to Reinhardt's side.  Whistler stares a him in disbelief.
115) 29) dialog: You little shit.  When did they get to you?
115) 31) text: Scud punches Whistler in the face.
115) 42) text: Reinhardt hesitates.  Nyssa takes a step towards Blade, b Damaskinos stops her.  Damaskinos gestures to his guards. They haul Blade up and drag him from the lab.  Reinhardt gestures to Whistler.
115) 44) text: Damaskinos waves dismissively.  Reinhardt takes Whistler away.
117) 6) dialog: Not nearly enough, Fritz.
117) 8) text: Reinhardt KICKS Whistler in the face.
117) 10) text: Whistler spits blood and glares up at Reinhardt.
117) 11) dialog: Been dead before.  Didn't much cotton to it.  Tell you what, chicken shit.  You do your worst.  We'll settle up after.
122) 2) text: Behind him, we see Whistler taking advantage of the distraction.  He folds his legs up under him, working his cuffed hands over his feet.  When Reinhardt spins back aw from the security monitors -- Whistler is GONE.  A steel grating in the floor lies half open.  The obvious means of exit.
124) 0) text: Whistler shuffles forward through the narrow conduit on h elbows.  We hear footsteps.  Through the metal gratings above, we glimpse TWO FIGURES rushing past --
126) 0) text: CLOSE ON a grate moving up from the floor.  Whistler emer rushing to Blade's side.  As he starts frantically releas Blade from his bonds, he looks to the ravaged door --
126) 1) text: Nomak savages the guards, flinging them into the air.  A guard's body hits the V-gap in the door and obscures our as -- Whistler redoubles his efforts, finally freeing Blade.  H helps him from the autopsy table.  Blade is sinking, star to fade.  Whistler slaps his face, shaking him.
126) 2) dialog: Come on, Blade.  Talk to me!
128) 0) text: WHAM!  The door gives way and Nomak enters.  To the right SEES Whistler and Blade exiting.  To the left, he SEES th security monitors.  Damaskinos and Stevens can be glimpse one of these monitors. Nomak moves to the left.
129) 0) text: Blade clutches his bleeding side, staggering down the corridor towards a door marked "Eugenics" with Whistler's help.  By all rights, Blade should be dead.  But he conti on, moving towards the door with determination.
132) 3) text: As Reinhardt takes aim at Blade with the shotgun, the oth vampires FIRE.  Whistler is HIT in the leg.  He goes down CRYING OUT, then grips Blade's arm, shoving him onward --
132) 4) dialog: GO!!!
133) 2) text: Damaskinos spins around.  Nyssa stands behind him.  She's Whistler's rail-gun in her hands.
134) 0) text: The shutters over the doors and windows slowly rise.  Bla shoulders open the front door, moving across the lawn tow a bluff overlooking the ocean.  A moment later, Whistler emerges into the light, watching as Blade sets Nysa down the grass.  Her eyes flutter open and she looks into --