9) 0) text: Deep in the bowels of the museum lie the STACKS. Rows upo rows of towering bookshelves. Filled with literature on t Antiquities. Standing at the top of a tall ladder between two of these rows and leaning against one of the bookshel is a rather uninteresting British GIRL: eye-glasses, hair a-bun, long boring dress, your typical prudish nightmare. This is EVELYN CARNARVON. We're going to fall in love wit her. Evelyn pulls a book out from a stack under her arm, blows the dust off it, then places it on a shelf with other boo whose titles all begin with the letter "O". Then she grab another book out from under her arm and reads the title.
9) 1) dialog: Tuthmosis?... Now how did you get up  here?
9) 2) text: Carefully, so as not to lose her balance, she looks over shoulder to the bookshelf behind her, where all the title begin with the letter "T". Then she looks down. It's a lo way to the bottom. Evelyn gently sets the other books dow on the top shelf, then turns and gingerly starts to reach across the aisle with the Tuthmosis book. It's a little t far, so she stretches, reaching, holding the top of the l with her fingertips, she's almost got it, closer now clos And that's when the ladder pulls away from the shelf. Eve YELPS, flings the Tuthmosis book and grabs the top of the ladder, which stands straight up. Evelyn holds her breath swaying precariously, a long BEAT, and then she loses her balance, the ladder swings around and Evelyn starts  stiltwalking down the aisle.
9) 3) dialog: OHEIUGM!! AHHHHHH!
9) 4) text: The ladder crosses the aisle, does an about face and head back the way it came. Evelyn clings to the top, strugglin for balance. The ladder teeters out into the main aisle a picks up speed. Evelyn SCREAMS as it does a 180, spins in another aisle and finally crashes to a stop at the top of bookshelf. Evelyn holds her breath, then SIGHS HEAVILY. And that's when the bookshelf falls away from her and CRA into the next bookshelf. Evelyn slides down the ladder and plops to the floor. She looks up just as the domino effect kicks-in: each bookshe crashing into the next. And onward it goes. Bookshelf aft bookshelf. Thousands of volumes flinging off shelves and  scattering across the floor. It finally ends as the last  shelf CRASHES into a wall. Evelyn's eyes are closed. She  opens one eye. Looks left. Then right. Then opens the oth eye and stares at the huge mess.
9) 5) dialog: Oops.
9) 8) text: Evelyn quickly gets up and starts gathering books.
9) 9) dialog: I'm sorry, it was an accident.
9) 11) text: Evelyn turns to him, trying to contain herself.
9) 12) dialog: You put up with me, because I can  read and write ancient Egyptian,  decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic,  and I'm the only person within a  thousand miles who knows how to  properly code and catalogue this  library.
9) 14) text: The Curator storms out. Evelyn just stands there, steamin And then she hears a NOISE and quickly turns around. A BE
9) 15) dialog: Hello?
9) 17) dialog: Abdul? Mohammed? Bob?
9) 18) text: Evelyn walks through the stacks and enters --
10) 0) text: Filled with treasures and plunder from the Middle Kingdom It's very dark and quiet in here, the only LIGHT is from  FLICKERING TORCHES at either end of the spooky gallery. The NOISE again! From the far side of the room. Feet, slo shuffling, plodding across the floor. Evelyn grabs a torc Looks around, at a statue of Anubis, another of Horus, th stare down at Evelyn, who is starting to get scared now. walks down the aisle. Past a closed sarcophagus. Past cas of ancient artifacts. Past another sarcophagus, -- only t one is OPEN! Evelyn freezes, swallows hard, nervously loo around to see who could have opened it. Then she slowly l forward with the torch, and peers inside. -- A hideous rotted MUMMY sits up and SCREECHES at her! Evelyn SCREAMS, drops the torch and backs away, scared ou of her wits. And then, coming from inside the sarcophagus she hears a Man LAUGHING. Her eyes narrow as a foppish ca crawls out from behind the Mummy, laughing his ass off, h drunk.
10) 1) dialog: You...! YOU...!
10) 3) text: Meet JONATHAN CARNARVON. As he crawls out of the sarcopha Evelyn pulls a cigarette out of the mummy's mouth.
10) 4) dialog: Have you no respect for the dead?
10) 6) text: He grins drunkenly. Evelyn punches him hard in the chest.
10) 7) dialog: Well I wish you'd do it sooner rather  than later, before you ruin my career  the way you've ruined yours.
10) 10) dialog: High note? Ha! For five years you've  been scrounging around Egypt, and  what have you to show for it? Nothing.
10) 13) dialog: Oh no, not another worthless trinket,  Jonathan, if I bring one more piece  of junk to the Curator to try and  sell for you.
10) 14) text: Jonathan pulls out a small, ancient BOX; the collapsed KE to Imhotep's sarcophagus and coffin. Evelyn is instantly  curious, she grabs the box out of his hand.
10) 15) dialog: Where did you get this?
10) 18) text: Evelyn rolls the box around in her hands, mumbling to her as she translates the hieratics and hieroglyphs covering Jonathan licks his lips in anticipation.
10) 20) text: Evelyn's fingers play with the various little slats on th box, shifting them this way and that way, it's like a puz box. Then suddenly, it UNFOLDS ITSELF, almost-mechanicall turning itself into the KEY. Sitting inside the open key/ is a folded piece of GOLDEN PAPYRUS. An ANCIENT MAP.
10) 21) dialog: Jonathan?
10) 23) dialog: I think you found something.
11) 0) text: The Curator sits at his desk, staring through a jeweler's eyepiece at the key/box. Evelyn hovers behind him, excite
11) 1) dialog: See the cartouche there, it's the  official royal seal of Seti the First,  I'm sure of it.
11) 5) dialog: He was the last Pharaoh of the Old  Kingdom, said to be the wealthiest  Pharaoh of them all.
11) 8) dialog: I've already dated it, this map is  almost four thousand years old. And  the hieratics over here... (Inhales deeply) It's Hamunaptra.
11) 12) dialog: Yes. The City of The Dead. Where the  early Pharaohs were said to have  hidden the wealth of Egypt.
11) 14) dialog: All we know is that the city  mysteriously vanished around 2,134  B.C.
11) 22) text: The Curator reaches for the key/box. Evelyn quickly snatc it off the desk and gives him a very angry, suspicious lo
12) 0) text: Cairo prison. One of the worst hell holes on earth. Every low-life form of scumbag can be found here. The WARDEN, a first rate scumbag himself, escorts Evelyn and Jonathan a the gallows courtyard. Evelyn whispers to Jonathan.
12) 1) dialog: You told me you found it on a dig  down in Thebes!
12) 3) dialog: You lied to me!
12) 5) dialog: I'm your sister.
12) 7) dialog: You stole it from a drunk at the  local Casbah?!
13) 0) text: The Warden ushers Evelyn and Jonathan into the holding pe
13) 1) dialog: And what is he in prison for?
13) 3) dialog: And what did he say?
13) 5) text: The interior cell door BURSTS OPEN. O'Connell is in chain dragged by FOUR GUARDS, they shove him up to the cell bar From the looks of it, he's been here awhile; his face is  half hidden by long hair, a scraggly beard and many new  bruises. Evelyn looks at him, disgusted by his appearance
13) 6) dialog: But he's just a filthy criminal?
13) 8) text: O'Connell gives Evelyn the once over, then looks at Jonat
13) 10) dialog: Broad?!
13) 13) text: Evelyn is stunned and furious. The Warden heads out the d
13) 16) text: A Guard CLUBS O'Connell across the head, O'Connell's face bounces off the metal bars. He shows no pain, but just lo back and gives the Guard a nasty look. Evelyn steps close
13) 17) dialog: We uh,... found... your puzzle box,  and we've come to ask you about it.
13) 19) dialog: No?
13) 21) text: Evelyn and Jonathan quickly look around, hoping the guard didn't hear him. They step closer. Evelyn plays coy.
13) 22) dialog: How do you know the box pertains to  Hamunaptra?
13) 24) text: Evelyn is dumbstruck. But Jonathan looks suspicious
13) 29) text: O'Connell's FIST comes flying through the bars, hits Jona square in the jaw, DECKS HIM. He hits the floor. Out cold Guard CLUBS O'Connell. His head bounces off the bars agai He shows no pain, but gives the Guard another nasty look. Evelyn looks down at her brother, then back at O'Connell.
13) 30) dialog: You were actually at Hamunaptra?
13) 32) dialog: Yes, well... (shrugs) I know my brother.
13) 35) dialog: You swear?
13) 37) dialog: No, I mean --
13) 39) dialog: What did you find? What did you see?
13) 41) text: The warden enters. Evelyn quickly leans closer to O'Conne
13) 42) dialog: Could you tell me how to get there?  The exact location?
13) 44) text: Evelyn leans in even closer.
13) 45) dialog: Yes.
13) 48) dialog: Yes.
13) 51) text: Evelyn is stunned. A Guard CLUBS him, his face bounces of the bars again, but before he can react the Guards GRAB h YANKS him away from the bars and DRAG him out of the room
13) 52) dialog: Where are they taking him?
13) 54) text: Evelyn is shocked. The warden shows-off his green teeth.
14) 0) text: Hundreds of filthy PRISONERS stare down onto the gallows the hangman's noose is draped over O'Connell's head and  cinched tight around his neck. Evelyn follows the warden  onto a balcony above the gallows. The prisoners all go de quiet at the sight of her; like jackals staring at fresh  meat.
14) 2) dialog: I am an English woman.
14) 3) text: This seems to confuse the Warden, he shrugs and sits down O'Connell looks up as Evelyn plops down beside the Warden
14) 4) dialog: I will give you one hundred pounds  to spare his life.
14) 6) dialog: Two hundred pounds.
14) 8) dialog: Three hundred pounds!
14) 9) text: O'Connell can hear every word, he looks hopeful. Other th Evelyn, you could hear a pin drop. The HANGMAN turns to h
14) 13) dialog: FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS!
14) 14) text: The Warden sets his greasy, lecherous hand on Evelyn's le
14) 16) text: Evelyn is revolted, she quickly shoves his hand away. Insulted, the Warden angrily turns and gestures to the  Hangman, who pulls the lever. The trapdoor DROPS AWAY.
14) 17) dialog: NOOO!
14) 20) text: The prisoners go ape-shit, SCREAMING and SHOUTING in ange The GUARDS look around, nervous. O'Connell struggles at t end of the rope, gagging. Evelyn is horrified, she quickl turns to the warden, leans forward and whispers in his ea
14) 21) dialog: He knows the location to Hamunaptra.
14) 24) dialog: I would never!
14) 27) dialog: Yes and if you cut him down, we will  give you ten percent.
14) 29) dialog: Twenty.
14) 31) text: Evelyn hesitates, bites her lip. O'Connell's eyes bulge a he looks up at her, he can't believe this girl.
14) 33) dialog: Twenty-five percent, and not one  single farthing more.
14) 34) text: The warden flashes a big green smile, then YELLS in Arabi A scimitar SLASHES the air. The rope is CUT. O'Connell CR to the ground. Half dead. Rolls over. GAGGING. All of the prisoners BURST INTO CHEERS. O'Connell looks u at Evelyn. She smiles broadly and waves down at him.
15) 7) dialog: Do you really think he'll show up?
15) 9) dialog: Personally, I think he's filthy,  rude and a complete scoundrel. I  don't like him one bit.
15) 11) text: They both turn. O'Connell walks up; shaved, showered, spi and polished, with a new haircut and clothes. He looks mo dashing and handsome than ever. Evelyn is suitably impres
15) 12) dialog: Oh... um,... hello.
15) 22) text: Beni quickly scurries off, vanishing down into the hold. BACK DOWN WITH: Evelyn, recovering, she clears her throat
15) 23) dialog: Mister O'Connell, can you look me in  the eye, and guarantee me this is  not some sort of flimflam? Because  if it is, I'm warning you --
15) 24) text: O'Connell steps up close to Evelyn, invading her space lo her straight in the eye. Evelyn doesn't back away.
15) 26) text: O'Connell takes her bags and heads up the gangplank and o the same passenger barge that Beni and the Americans are Evelyn's eyes follow him, a bit wistfully. Jonathan sees
15) 28) text: Evelyn gives him a look. Jonathan just grins. And that's  when the warden suddenly brushes past, tipping his ragged hat.
15) 30) dialog: What are you doing here?
15) 32) text: And up the plank he goes. Evelyn and Jonathan share a loo WE GO WIDE AGAIN: as the barge pulls out and heads down t Nile. WE TILT UP: to the SUN, which then DISSOLVES into -
18) 0) text: Evelyn sits on a table, staring out over the passing rive The gunny-sack DROPS onto the table, startling her.
18) 2) dialog: The only thing that scares me, Mister  O'Connell, are your manners.
18) 4) dialog: If you call that a kiss.
18) 6) dialog: Did I miss something? Are we going  into battle?
18) 8) text: This takes the smile off Evelyn's face. O'Connell starts  dismantling and cleaning the guns.
18) 10) dialog: Yes, I'm hoping to find a certain  artifact, a book, actually, my brother  thinks there's treasure. What do you  think is out there?
18) 11) text: O'Connell looks into Evelyn's eyes.
18) 13) dialog: Ahmar is Ossirion. "Passageway to  the underworld", actually.
18) 15) dialog: I don't believe in fairy tales and  hokum, Mister O'Connell, but I do  believe that one of the most famous  books in history is buried out there,  The Book Of The Living. It's what  first interested me in Egypt as a  child. It's why I came here, sort of  a life's pursuit.
18) 17) text: Evelyn is surprised by his knowledge.
18) 18) dialog: You know your history.
18) 20) text: Evelyn gets up to go, then she hesitates, nervous, she tu back to O'Connell, and as matter-of-fact as possible says
18) 21) dialog: By the way,... why did you kiss me?
18) 24) text: Evelyn's eyes widen, furious, she turns and storms off. O'Connell looks up, watching her leave, a bit perplexed.
18) 35) text: They look as they hear Evelyn YELP. A single CAMEL in the HORSE PADDOCK takes another bite at her. She YELPS again backs away. O'Connell grins as Evelyn flees down the deck
19) 0) text: Evelyn, wearing a nightgown, stands in front of a mirror. She gives her head a good shake, letting her hair fall lo over her bare shoulders. Then she turns around, RIGHT THE IS ONE OF THE HIDEOUS MUMIA! It's Hook. He slams his hand over her mouth and lifts up his hook, ready to strike.
19) 2) text: Evelyn's terrified eyes glance down. Hook looks over, see the map lying next to a flickering candle on a nearby tab
19) 4) text: Evelyn's eyes look confused. She shakes her head. Hook gr
19) 6) text: He cocks his hook, about to kill her. And that's when the door is KICKED OPEN. O'Connell BURSTS IN, gun in each han Hook spins Evelyn around and holds her out in front of hi O'Connell looks at her.
19) 8) text: Evelyn's eyes widen. And that's when the candle on the ta FLICKERS. Everything happens at once, READ FAST: O'Connel spins around just as a window BURSTS OPEN. A Mumia leans FIRES A GUN. Woodchips BLAST OFF the wall next to O'Conne head. He returns FIRE. Kills the Mumia. The Mumia falls b FIRING BLINDLY. A LANTERN in the room is BLASTED. Kerosen SPLASHES across the wall. BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Evelyn grab the candle on the table and JAMS IT back over her shoulde right into Hook's EYE. He SCREECHES in pain and lets her O'Connell grabs her and YANKS her out of the FLAMING ROOM
19) 10) dialog: The map! We need the map!
19) 13) dialog: Oh that's comforting.
20) 0) text: O'Connell and Evelyn race out onto the deck near the hors paddock. People are SCREAMING and SHOUTING, lots of panic BLAM! A chunk of the wall is BLOWN OFF next to Evelyn's h O'Connell pivots and FIRES BACK. It's the last Mumia, on other side of the paddock. He and O'Connell exchange GUNF Another LANTERN BURSTS INTO FLAMES. O'Connell SHOOTS OFF paddock lock. The horses go nuts. O'Connell FIRES over th heads. They CHARGE FORWARD and CRASH through the door. Th Mumia SCREAMS as the horses STAMPEDE over him. FLAMES swe up the walls and race across the roof. Half the barge is ON FIRE. O'Connell throws the gunny-sack over his shoulde
20) 2) dialog: Well of course I can swim, if the  occasion calls for it.
20) 6) text: Evelyn SPLASHES into the water. O'Connell dives in after  her.
21) 18) text: And that's when Evelyn steps out of a trading tent. She's changed into a gorgeous, tightly fitted, Bedouin dress.
21) 24) text: Evelyn is having the time of her life on top of her camel
21) 25) dialog: Well I think they're cute.
22) 5) text: Up in front of them, O'Connell looks at Evelyn.
22) 7) dialog: Are you sure?
22) 21) text: O'Connell and Beni just stare out at the flat nothingness Evelyn and Jonathan share a look. And then, the SUN start to rise in the distance, breaking the flat horizon.
22) 23) text: Evelyn can feel the suspense and the majesty of the momen
22) 24) dialog: For what?
22) 30) text: Evelyn and Jonathan give O'Connell anxious, sarcastic loo
22) 32) dialog: After all, you rode us night and day  to win that bet.
22) 35) text: And then suddenly, the volcano SHIFTS ACROSS THE HORIZON. Passing across the sun as it goes. It's a MIRAGE. The Americans crash their horses to a stop and race the o way, after the volcano. Evelyn and Jonathan smile, amazed The volcano SHIFTS AGAIN, floating across the watery hori The Americans crash to a stop again and chase after the  volcano. All three of them confused and CURSING. O'Connel and Beni just stare, waiting. The volcano SHIFTS AGAIN. A the Americans crash to a stop again. Burns is THROWN from his horse. Henderson angrily rips his hat off and chucks to the ground. Daniels just curses as they give up the ch The volcano comes to a stop on the far left of the horizo The Americans are on the far right. Nothing moves. A BEAT And then O'Connell grins. So does Beni. They share a look And then SWAT their camels and RACE AWAY. Everybody else  hauls-ass after them. O'Connell and Beni are neck-and-nec And then Evelyn comes galloping up, hair flying in the wi Beni takes out his camel whip and starts WHIPPING O'Conne Trying to knock him off his camel. once. CRACK! Twice. CR But on the third try O'Connell grabs the whip and JERKS B off his camel. Beni SLAMS to the ground and TUMBLES. Evelyn and O'Connell race across the desert. Evelyn has n felt so alive. She LAUGHS. O'Connell grins; he likes this girl. Beni stumbles to his feet, then quickly dances out the way as Jonathan and all the other riders stampede pas him. Evelyn beats O'Connell to the stone ramp, racing har
22) 37) text: Evelyn ignores him as she races up the ramp towards the g
23) 0) text: Evelyn goes ass-over-teacups through the air and crash la in a sand dune. She sits up, stunned, sandy hair in her e O'Connell stops at the edge of the ramp next to her camel
25) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and the Warden are working ne to a narrow CREVICE, which weaves it's way through the ru O'Connell ties a rope around a pillar and throws the rest the coils into the crevice, about to rappel down. Jonatha bends over to have a look, his ass hits something, he YEL and backs away. It's the decrepit FACE OF ANUBIS.
25) 3) text: Evelyn is positioning ancient MIRRORS along the crevice.
25) 4) dialog: That "thing" gets me excited.
25) 6) dialog: According to Bembridge Scholars,  inside the statue of Anubis was a  secret compartment, perhaps containing  The Book Of The Living.
25) 8) dialog: Ancient Egyptian trick. You'll see.
26) 0) text: O'Connell waves a TORCH as Jonathan, Evelyn and the warde drop down next to him. Evelyn peers into the spooky darkn
26) 1) dialog: Do you realize, we are standing inside  a room that no one has entered in  over four thousand years.
26) 5) text: Evelyn just rolls her eyes.
26) 6) dialog: Cretins.
26) 7) text: Jonathan sniffs the foul air, then he looks at the warden and realizes where the smell is coming from. He stops  sniffing. Evelyn brushes COBWEBS away from a METAL DISK on the wall then repositions it on it's pedestal, aiming it at a RAY LIGHT shining in from the outer mirrors. -- THE RAY OF LI
26) 11) dialog: Oh my god, It's a preparation room.
26) 13) dialog: For entering the afterlife.
26) 16) text: Evelyn heads down a narrow passageway. The others follow.
27) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch as they make their through a narrow, COBWEB INFESTED LABYRINTH. The short, s warden can stand straight up. Then they hear something an freeze. It sounds like somebody is clawing inside the wal They share looks. Then slowly move forward. Getting darke and darker as they go. The strange sound getting louder a louder. And then it stops. Evelyn holds her breath. Jonat licks his lips. O'Connell cocks his pistol. The warden FA O'Connell, Jonathan and Evelyn glare at him.
27) 12) text: O'Connell gives him a sideways glance. Beni cocks his gun grinning, he wants it to happen. The tension thickens. Th Evelyn gently takes O'Connell's gun hand and pulls it dow
27) 13) dialog: Let's be nice, children, if we're  going to play together, we must learn  to share.
27) 14) text: Evelyn pulls O'Connell away. Jonathan and the Warden foll Beni and the Americans slowly lower their guns, laughing. The Egyptologist excitedly begins translating the hierogl
28) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan are using sledge-hammers against t ceiling. Evelyn is gently chipping away with a tiny chise
28) 1) dialog: According to my calculations, we  should be right under the statue.  We'll come up right between his legs. (she blushes and laughs) Oh my.
28) 6) dialog: Yes, if their Egyptologist hasn't  already found it.
31) 3) dialog: It's called mummification. You're  dead when they do this
31) 6) dialog: You two are worse than a couple of  schoolboys.
31) 7) text: And that's when a huge chunk of the roof suddenly GIVES O O'Connell GRABS Evelyn and JERKS her clear. Jonathan DIVE for the far wall. A MASSIVE STONE CASEMENT DROPS OUT OF T CEILING AND CRASHES to the floor. DUST FLIES. Fills the r
33) 0) text: The dust is starting to clear. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jona slowly get up and step over to the massive stone casement We immediately recognize it as IMHOTEP'S SARCOPHAGUS.
33) 1) dialog: Oh my god,... it looks like, it looks  like a sarcophagus.
33) 3) dialog: They didn't, they buried him at the  foot of Anubis. He was either someone  of great importance. Or he did  something very naughty.
35) 0) text: Our Heroes clear the dirt off the top of the sarcophagus, revealing a single, ominous hieroglyph. Evelyn stares at Jonathan impatiently strums his fingers across the lid.
35) 2) text: Evelyn stares at the hieroglyph, confused and concerned.
35) 3) dialog: 'He that shall not be named.'
35) 6) dialog: Quarried granite with a cobalt lining.
35) 9) dialog: A key! That's it! That's what he was  talking about.
35) 11) text: Evelyn starts rummaging through the pack on Jonathan's ba
35) 12) dialog: The man on the barge. The one with  the hook, he was looking for a key.
35) 13) text: Evelyn pulls out the key/box. Jonathan tries to take it b
35) 15) text: Evelyn slaps his hand and quickly unfolds the box, -- it' now shaped exactly like the LOCK'S KEYHOLE. Evelyn smiles And that's when they hear the Warden's SCREAMS echoing th the labyrinth. All three of them turn and take-off runnin
36) 0) text: The Warden is SCREAMING and dancing insanely around the  labyrinth, totally freaked from the extreme pain in his h O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan run up just as the Warden  starts RIPPING his own hair out of his head. O'Connell an Jonathan grab at the Warden's hands, but he's far too cra he shoves them aside, runs full bore down the length of t labyrinth and SLAMS his head straight into a rock wall. T Warden drops to the ground. Dead as lead. Eyes wide open. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan just stand there staring,  breathing hard, wide-eyed themselves...
37) 0) text: Evelyn and Jonathan are nuzzled up to a campfire.
37) 1) dialog: What do you suppose killed him?
37) 5) dialog: How?
37) 8) text: A GUST OF WIND blows through the camp. The campfire FLICKERS O'Connell and Jonathan share a nerv look. Evelyn laughs.
37) 9) dialog: You two!
37) 11) dialog: No. I believe if I can see it and I  can touch it, then it's real. That's  what I believe.
37) 14) text: Jonathan opens the Warden's POUCH, the one that held the  scarabs. He reaches in, starts scrounging around. WE SLOW PUSH IN. Waiting for the attack. THE MUSIC BUILDS. And th Jonathan SCREAMS in pain and RIPS his hand back out of th pouch. O'Connell and Evelyn both jump.
37) 15) dialog: WHAT?! WHAT IS IT?!
37) 20) text: Jonathan takes a swig. O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, guilti And then O'Connell suddenly kneels down and sticks his ea to the sand. Evelyn and Jonathan watch him. A BEAT. And t a BARAGE OF GUNFIRE IS HEARD coming from the American cam O'Connell jumps up and throws the elephant gun to Evelyn.
37) 22) text: He takes off running through the ruins. Evelyn immediatel gets up and runs after him. Jonathan grabs a gun, holds t bottle of Seagrams; tight and dashes after her.
38) 7) text: Ardeth Ray gallops through the camp, cutting Diggers down with his scimitar. O'Connell runs up on top of some rocks LEAPS OUT and TACKLES him off his horse. The two men SLAM the ground. O'Connell spins up onto one knee and FIRES, p blank. Blows the scimitar out of Ardeth Ray's hand. O'Con is about to shoot again when a horse rides up between the A scimitar swoops down, almost takes O'Connell's head off misses him by an inch. O'Connell leaps up and blows the R off his mount. The horse BOLTS. -- But Ardeth Ray is gone Evelyn hides behind some rocks, watching the scene, sudde she hears something coming up behind her and spins around A vicious tattooed Mumia Rider races at her. Evelyn quick backpedals over the rocks, terrified. The Mumia Rider rai his scimitar, about to strike. Evelyn SCREAMS, trips over a rock and FIRES the elephant  gun, -- BLAM! Blows the Rider off his mount and CATAPULTS him twenty feet back into some ruins. At the same time, the kick blows Evelyn off her feet and  over a ridge. She FLAILS through the air and lands in a s dune. Jonathan and some Diggers are holding their own near the  temple door. Four Riders come CHARGING right at them. Jonathan takes a swig off the Seagrams.
38) 15) text: Evelyn looks up into his strong eyes. It's the first time he's shown genuine concern for her. And she likes it. He' also holding her a little too close. And she likes that t
38) 16) dialog: Yes,... fine,... thank you.
38) 22) text: Evelyn looks at O'Connell, suddenly very worried.
38) 23) dialog: Where's Jonathan?
39) 0) text: Jonathan falls into FRAME. Hits the ground. Eyes wide ope Mouth agape. Clearly dead. A BEAT. And then his eyes clos and his mouth widens into a goofy smile. Shit-faced drunk O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, both half-in-the-bag themselv the bottle of Seagrams is almost gone. O'Connell offers t bottle to Evelyn, she waves it away, slurring badly --
39) 1) dialog: Unlike my brother, sir, I know when  to say no.
39) 4) dialog: I know, you're wondering, what's a  place like me doing in a girl like  this?
39) 6) dialog: Egypt is in my blood. My father was  a famous explorer, he loved Egypt so  much that he married an Egyptian. My  mother! Who was quite an adventurer  herself
39) 8) text: Evelyn is insulted, she staggers to her feet.
39) 9) dialog: I may not be an explorer, or an  adventurer, or a treasure hunter, or  a gunfighter! Mister O'Connell But  I'm proud of what I am.
39) 11) text: Evelyn plops back down beside him, really drunk, she grin and proudly lifts her head high.
39) 12) dialog: ...I am a librarian!
39) 14) dialog: I'm going to kiss you, Mister  O'Connell.
39) 16) dialog: I'm not?
39) 18) dialog: Why would I do that?
39) 20) text: She gives him a goofy smile. He leans forward and KISSES  HER. Evelyn's eyes slowly close. And then she passes out, slumping into his arms. O'Connell looks down at her, and  just smiles.
40) 0) text: Evelyn's HAND slips the KEY into the sarcophagus, lock an turns it. A series of STRANGE MECHANICAL-LIKE SOUNDS are  heard, and then the sarcophagus unlocks with a GIANT HISS O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan all look very, very hungov They start to slide the heavy lid off the sarcophagus. PUSHING, SHOVING and GROANING, the lid budging, inch by i
40) 1) dialog: I can't believe I allowed the two of  you to get me drunk.
40) 3) dialog: Well neither do I, thank you.
40) 6) text: Evelyn gives O'Connell a nervous look.
40) 7) dialog: No... Why?... Should I?
40) 9) text: O'Connell gives her a big cheesy smile. Evelyn's face dro appalled and embarrassed. And that's when the lid FALLS O and LOUDLY CRASHES to the ground. All three of them insta grab their sore heads and MOAN.
42) 0) text: WHAM! Imhotep's wooden coffin is DROPPED to the ground ne to his stone sarcophagus. Evelyn is very excited.
42) 1) dialog: Oh my god, I've dreamed about this  ever since I was a little girl.
42) 3) text: Evelyn just gives him a look, then starts brushing dirt a cobwebs off the top of the coffin. Then she freezes.
42) 4) dialog: Look, all the sacred spells have  been chiseled off. The hieratics and  hieroglyphs that protect the deceased  on his journey into the afterlife,  they've been removed. This man was  cursed,... doomed.
42) 8) text: Evelyn can't believe these guys. Jonathan inserts the key into the coffin's lock. Turns it. The lid cracks open wit HISS. They all react to the FOUL STENCH. Then O'Connell g the lid. It's stuck. He pulls with all his might. Jonatha helps him. It starts to give way. Slowly. Slowly. Slooooo And then it suddenly POPS OPEN and THE MOST HIDEOUS, MAGG
42) 10) dialog: AHHHHH!!!
44) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan slowly creep forward and  carefully look back inside Imhotep's coffin, creeped-out.
44) 2) dialog: No. I've never seen a mummy look  like this. He's, he's still...
44) 4) dialog: Yes. He's more than four thousand  years old and still decomposing.
44) 7) dialog: Oh my god, he was buried alive.
44) 8) text: This sends a chill through everyone. Evelyn leans in clos
44) 9) dialog: And he left a message.
44) 11) dialog: It says: 'Death is only the  beginning.'
46) 9) text: The Americans laugh. Evelyn walks up, sits down and drops pile of big dusty BUG SKELETONS onto the ground.
46) 10) dialog: Scarabs, flesh eaters, I found them  inside our friend's coffin. They can  stay alive for years living off the  flesh of a corpse, or in this case...
46) 12) dialog: Famished.
46) 15) dialog: Very slowly.
46) 18) dialog: According to my readings, our friend  suffered the HOM-DAI, the worst of  all ancient Egyptian curses, one  reserved for only the most evil  blasphemers. In all of my research,  I've never read of this curse actually  having been performed.
46) 20) dialog: Yes, they never used it because they  feared it so. It's written, that if  a victim of the HOM-DAI should ever  arise, he would bring with him the  ten plagues of Egypt.
46) 23) dialog: That's one way of putting it.
46) 29) text: All the men share nervous looks, really spooked. Evelyn j laughs at them, then pulls a meat stick out of the fire.
46) 30) dialog: Fried gizzard anyone?
47) 0) text: Having just freshened up for bed, Evelyn exits the temple and steps past the sleeping Diggers. She spots the  Egyptologist, his jeweled canopic jar snug under one arm, the Book Of The Dead laying loose under the other. Evelyn stares at the Book, nervously biting her lip, then she sn over, carefully steals it, and quickly tip-toes away. Lying on some blankets by the campfire, O'Connell rolls o and sees Evelyn, sitting wide-eyed, staring at the Book.
47) 2) dialog: It's just a book, no harm ever came  from a book.
47) 3) text: Evelyn opens the cover. THE FIRE FLICKERS. She and O'Conn share a nervous look, then Evelyn shrugs and starts readi
47) 4) dialog: Ahm kum Ra. Ahm kum Dei.
47) 5) text: Evelyn continues READING THE BOOK ALOUD IN ANCIENT EGYPTI
48) 0) text: Evelyn's VOICE is OVERLAID as WE START WIDE on Imhotep's  chamber and SLOWLY PUSH IN on his sarcophagus. WE PUSH IN over the lip of the coffin, then closer and closer toward Imhotep's rotten, twisted head, until his putrid face fil FRAME, -- and then suddenly his crusty eyelids Pop OPEN! Revealing EMPTY SOCKETS. -- BIG SCARY MUSIC STING.
49) 0) text: The Egyptologist sits bolt upright. Quickly looks around, sees Evelyn reading the Book. He gets up and runs for her
49) 2) text: He skids to a stop as a strange, piercing WHINE is heard, coming from out in the desert. O'Connell and the others a leap to their feet. The Americans run out of their tents. The SOUND gets LOUDER and CLOSER. And then from out of th darkness a HUGE WALL OF LOCUSTS SWIRLS into camp and enve everyone. O'Connell grabs Evelyn, and with Jonathan at th side they race for the crevice, trying to fend off the ho vermin as they go. Beni and the Americans run for the tem The Egyptologist is covered in locusts. He stares at The  Book Of The Dead, looking haunted.
50) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan race down the labyrinth,  slapping at themselves and picking locusts out of their h
50) 3) dialog: This is not a plague. It's  generational. Every so many years  the locusts of Egypt have a population  explosion and they all take flight.
50) 4) text: Evelyn steps forward, something SQUISHES. O'Connell lower his TORCH, -- the entire floor is FILLED WITH SLIMY FROGS
52) 0) text: The ground under O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan starts to SHAKE. Then suddenly, right in front of them, -- HUNDREDS CHITTERING SCARAB BEETLES BOIL UP OUT OF THE SAND. Start  scurrying towards them. Evelyn SCREAMS. Jonathan SCREAMS. Even O'Connell almost screams. They turn around and haul  ass.
53) 8) dialog: Oh thank goodness, you're one of the  Americans, aren't you?
53) 9) text: Just as she reaches him he turns around. It's Burns. BOTH HIS EYES ARE MISSING. He stares at her with vacant socket Evelyn SCREAMS in horror and backs away, hyperventilating she bumps into something. She SCREAMS again and spins aro It's Imhotep. With two fresh EYEBALLS in his sockets. Evelyn SCREAMS again and backs away into a wall. Her hair down, her face is dirty and sweaty, her blouse is ripped, her dress is torn, she's never looked sexier. Imhotep SQU
53) 17) dialog: Help me,... please,... help me.
53) 20) text: Evelyn shivers in fear. Suddenly, O'Connell comes flying  around the corner and runs right up to her.
53) 24) text: O'Connell and Evelyn start backing away down the wall. Imhotep glides sideways with them, like a tiger cornering his prey, the sand around him SWIRLS and DANCES. Burns st to crawl away, whimpering as he goes. Imhotep suddenly st and UNHINGES his skeletal jaw, his skinless mouth stretch to an inhuman size, and he lets out a horrific, primordia SHRIEK.
53) 26) text: Evelyn SCREAMS. O'Connell shudders, then, embarrassed by fear, he opens his own mouth and ROARS right back at him
53) 28) text: Then BLASTS him with the elephant gun, --BLAM! Through th SMOKE AND FLAMMAGE we see Imhotep blown off his feet, his ribcage half torn away. O'Connell grabs Evelyn and runs.
54) 0) text: SAND and WIND whip through the ruins as O'Connell and Eve stumble up out of the crevice and COME FACE-TO-FACE WITH ARMED MUMIA. The Mumia quickly raise their guns. O'Connel and Evelyn quickly raise their hands. Jonathan, Henderson Daniels and the Egyptologist are already on their knees,  hands over their heads. Ardeth Ray steps forward.
56) 5) text: Evelyn ELBOWS Jonathan in the ribs.
57) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan boost Evelyn up onto a camel. Dani and Henderson throw Burns up onto another. The Egyptologi still clutching The Book Of The Dead, gets up on yet anot They all head off into the dark, windblown desert... And then in the extreme foreground, A SKELETAL HAND SUDDE
59) 2) text: O'Connell heads for the closet. Evelyn UNPACKS the dresse
59) 3) dialog: Having an encounter with a four  thousand year old walking-talking  corpse tends to convert one.
59) 5) dialog: No, we are not.
59) 8) text: O'Connell continues to PACK Evelyn's clothes as she conti to UNPACK them:
59) 9) dialog: No we are not. We woke him up, and  we must try and stop him.
59) 11) dialog: Alright then, Me, I,... I read the  book, I woke him up and I intend to  stop him.
59) 14) text: Evelyn grabs the bra and throws it into a drawer.
59) 15) dialog: Then we'll have to find some immortal  ones.
59) 17) text: O'Connell stuffs a pile of Evelyn's shoes into the trunk. Evelyn KICKS the lid shut, slamming it on his fingers. O'Connell YELPS and angrily storms around the room suckin his fingers as Evelyn follows him.
59) 18) dialog: According to that Book, once this  creature has been reborn, his curse  will spread, and as he grows in  strength, so will his curse grow,  infecting the people until the whole  of the earth is destroyed.
59) 20) dialog: (incredulous) It's everybody's problem!
59) 22) dialog: That's what I am to you? A contract?
59) 24) dialog: I'm staying.
64) 0) text: Evelyn calmly steps into a courtyard carrying a handful o books. A BLAST OF THUNDER AND LIGHTNING scares her. She d half the books. Then a HAND GRABS HER! She jumps again an drops the rest of the books. It's O'Connell, breathing ha
64) 2) text: And that's when a barrage of HAIL AND FIRE slams into the courtyard. O'Connell and Evelyn jump back. A water founta bursts into STEAM. A wooden trellis catches FIRE. O'Conne and Evelyn run under the eaves as SOLDIERS, SERVANTS and  CAMELS run in every direction, trying to avoid the maelst
64) 4) dialog: The creature!? Are you sure!?
64) 7) text: The HAIL and FIRE come to a stop. Everything goes dead qu O'Connell and Evelyn freeze. And then a BLOOD CURDLING SC is heard coming from the living quarters directly above t O'Connell and Evelyn race up the stairs.
65) 0) text: O'Connell and Evelyn race into the room, past the Servant who is running out SCREAMING. They skid to a stop as they spot Burns, or what's left of him, lying dead on the floo HIS BODY IS SHRIVELED TO HALF IT'S SIZE. Drained of all organs and liquids. O'Connell and Evelyn a shocked. Then they hear a LOUD MOAN and notice Imhotep  standing on the far side of the room. O'Connell draws his gun. Imhotep is REGENERATING: A thick skin FORMS over powerful new musculature. His tendons RIPPLE. His bones BULGE and  REFORM. His mouth opens to an inhuman size as he MOANS an CRIES OUT, in severe pain. And then it's over. And he loo like an incredibly muscular, corpse-like vision from hell The 'Terminator' Mummy. O'Connell and Evelyn are stunned.
65) 2) text: Imhotep starts to move towards them, staring at Evelyn.
65) 4) text: Imhotep keeps coming. O'Connell OPENS FIRE. BLASTING Imho Bullets RIP through his body. Imhotep doesn't seem to min Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels run into the room. They'r all stunned at the sight of Imhotep. O'Connell steps forward, throws a RIGHT HOOK, punches Imh in the face, -- HIS FIST GOES THROUGH IMHOTEP'S SKULL AND GETS STUCK DEEP INSIDE HIS HEAD. O'Connell stares at it,  shocked, then quickly YANKS his fist back out. The area o Imhotep's face that came into contact with O'Connell's fi quickly DEGENERATES and DECAYS, right down to the bone, a if O'Connell's hand instantly infected it. Imhotep angrily turns, grabs O'Connell, and with no effor THROWS him across the room and into Jonathan and the othe knocking them down. Imhotep looks at his hand, the one th just grabbed O'Connell, -- IT STARTS TO SHRIVEL and DECAY He quickly turns to Evelyn. Evelyn backs away into a wall terrorized. Imhotep steps up to her.
65) 6) text: He leans in, about to kiss her with his decayed face. And that's when a WHITE CAT jumps onto the piano, HISSING Imhotep SHRIEKS. The balcony doors BLOW OPEN. Imhotep spi into a BLAST OF WIND AND SAND and SWIRLS out the doors. G O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and Daniels stand transfixed. Henderson kneels next to Burns, shriveled body, horrified
66) 0) text: O'Connell, Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels follow Evelyn  across the Ramesseum.
66) 1) dialog: There's only one person I know who  can possibly give us some answers.
66) 6) dialog: What is he doing here?
67) 3) dialog: (appalled) And you think this justifies killing  innocent people!?
67) 10) dialog: Anck-su-namun.
67) 11) text: The Curator and Ardeth Ray look at Evelyn, thunderstruck.
67) 12) dialog: In the necropolis, when I saw him, - alive,... walking, he called me Anck- su-namun. And then in Mister Burns'  quarters he tried to kiss me.
69) 0) text: Evelyn and Jonathan are pacing the foyer
69) 1) dialog: We must stop him from regenerating.
69) 3) dialog: Who opened that chest?
69) 8) dialog: We must find the Egyptologist and  bring him back here to the safety of  the fort, before the creature can  get to him.
69) 9) text: O'Connell looks at Evelyn, Daniels and Henderson.
69) 14) dialog: Who put you in charge? You can't  just leave me behind like some old  suitcase. I'm the one responsible  for this mess and I intend to be the  one to clean it up.
69) 15) text: O'Connell just shakes his head and SIGHS. Totally put-upo Then he takes Evelyn, shoves her into the bedroom, slams door and locks it with a skeleton key. From inside her ro we can hear Evelyn POUNDING on the door and YELLING. O'Connell throws the skeleton key to Daniels.
71) 0) text: Daniels turns from the window. Henderson sits in a chair  next to Evelyn's door, chain smoking. Both look wired wit fear.
71) 3) text: Daniels nods and heads out. Henderson just sits there, al smoking. He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out his SACRED CANOPIC JAR and fondles it. A BREEZE suddenly come in through the open window. The curtains flutter. Henders gets up and goes over to shut it. He looks out the window The CAMERA races over the compound, into the window and H Henderson square in the FACE just as he's about to scream Henderson is lifted into the air by a mass of SWIRLING SA His body TWISTS and TURNS and slowly SHRIVELS as the life SUCKED out of him. Then he COLLAPSES to the floor. On the wall above him, th SHADOW of the SWIRLING SAND condenses, forming a SHADOW o human body. The SHADOW CONVULSES as the body REGENERATES. And then it's over. Imhotep steps into view. He's regenerated even further an looks almost normal now, his face no longer decayed. He s over Henderson's shriveled body and up to Evelyn's door,  rattles the knob. It's locked. Imhotep grins.
72) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan race into the foyer and skid to a  stop as they see Henderson's shriveled body on the floor. O'Connell runs up to Evelyn's door and rattles the knob,  still locked. He bends down and looks in through the KEYH
72) 7) text: He throws the white cat at Imhotep. Imhotep instinctively catches it. He SHRIEKS, drops the cat and stumbles back towards the  window, -- which suddenly BLOWS OPEN. Imhotep spins like dervish and BURSTS INTO A WHIRLWIND OF SAND. Everybody covers their eyes. The Imhotep/sand-devil EXPLO out the window and vanishes over the compound. Jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking bad O'Connell hugs Evelyn as she wipes her mouth in disgust. Daniels walks in, looks at Henderson's shriveled body on floor... and drops the martini glasses.
73) 0) text: Jonathan races his big convertible through the streets,  HONKING constantly. Evelyn sits between him and O'Connell looking scared and nervous, then she gives O'Connell a lo
73) 1) dialog: You called me your girl?
73) 3) dialog: I think you were jealous
75) 0) text: O'Connell., Jonathan, Daniels, the Curator and Ardeth Ray follow Evelyn as she strides through the museum.
75) 1) dialog: Last month I came across an  inscription that mentioned The Book  Of The Dead.
75) 3) dialog: Yes. I dismissed it, because it talked  about bringing people back from the  dead. A notion I was unwilling to  believe.
75) 7) text: The Curator joins Evelyn at her side as she heads up the  stairs, everyone else in hot pursuit.
75) 9) text: They reach the display cases. Evelyn quickly opens them.
75) 10) dialog: I'm thinking that if the black Book  Of The Dead can bring people back to  life --
75) 12) dialog: Exactly --
75) 19) dialog: Not quite yet it hasn't. C'mon.
75) 20) text: Evelyn dashes back to the display cases. Everyone follows
77) 0) text: The BANGING on the doors can be heard as Evelyn and the  Curator quickly sort through broken pieces of stone table The others watch. Evelyn pulls out a large piece.
77) 1) dialog: Got it!
77) 3) text: The BANGING gets LOUDER. Multiple windows SHATTER. Evelyn talks while quickly translating the tablet:
77) 4) dialog: Since the black Book of The Dead was  found inside the statue of Anubis,  then according to this, the golden  Book of The Living should be inside...
77) 5) text: Evelyn finds the translation in the tablet and smiles.
77) 9) dialog: The golden Book Of The Living, is  inside the statue of Horus.
78) 2) text: The crazed group runs past him and heads into the front d of the museum. Jonathan leaps into the convertible, fires up and 180's it back over to the bushes. O'Connell, Evelyn, Daniels, Ardeth Ray and the Curator ju inside the car. Beni steps out of the museum and sees the
80) 0) text: The convertible slowly motors down the narrow alleys. WE  DOLLY across the hood of the car from Jonathan to Evelyn O'Connell. Ardeth Ray and the Curator are still in the ba All of them staring out the front windshield. Freaked-out Then suddenly one of the hideous ghouls CRASHES through t windshield! Everybody SCREAMS. Jonathan hits the gas, los control, the car SLAMS into a wall. O'Connell grabs Evely
80) 2) text: They all leap out of the car. But the angry, festering mo quickly surrounds them. O'Connell quickly reaches into hi gunny-sack, pulls out a stick of dynamite, then reaches i his pocket and pulls out a match. He looks around for a w to light it, then reaches over and strikes it across Arde Ray's stubbly face. Ardeth Ray YELPS. O'Connell holds the lit match near the fuse. The crazed, CHANTING mob gives O'Connell a wide berth, st at him and the others with insane, bloodshot eyes. And then Imhotep steps through, -- having fully regenerat he now looks as young and handsome and muscular as he did the day he was buried alive. Evelyn stares at him.
80) 3) dialog: He's gorgeous.
80) 6) text: Imhotep moves forward, heading right for them. O'Connell  LIGHTS THE FUSE. Imhotep steps up to O'Connell and stops, watching the fuse burn down. it's a game of chicken. The  tension mounts. The LIT FUSE is about to vanish inside th stick of dynamite, blowing it up, -- when Evelyn leans fo and blows it out. O'Connell exhales, but keeps his eyes o Imhotep, who extends his hand to Evelyn.
80) 10) text: Evelyn hesitates, looks around at the huge, bloodthirsty  crowd surrounding them, holding axes, picks and scimitars waiting to pounce, then she looks at Imhotep, confident,  powerful, invincible. Then she looks at O'Connell.
80) 11) dialog: Any bright ideas?
80) 14) text: Evelyn looks back at Imhotep, then starts to reach out to take his hand. Both O'Connell and Jonathan move to stop h but Ardeth Ray grabs them both and holds them tight.
80) 16) dialog: I have no choice.
80) 17) text: Evelyn's trembling hand touches Imhotep's: His hand close around hers. Nothing happens. Imhotep smiles.
80) 20) text: Evelyn gives Beni a nasty look, correcting him --
80) 21) dialog: All eternity, idiot.
80) 23) dialog: You better think of something, because  if he turns me into a mummy, you're  the first one I'm coming after.
80) 26) dialog: Yes, I know, and I'd like to keep  them.
80) 29) text: Ardeth Ray holds Jonathan back. Imhotep pulls Evelyn away O'Connell can't take it anymore, he tries to break free o Ardeth Ray's grip.
80) 33) text: The crowd parts for Imhotep and Evelyn. And then Imhotep  stops and looks back at O'Connell.
80) 35) text: Evelyn SCREAMS.
80) 36) dialog: NOOO!!
83) 15) dialog: What just happened?
85) 9) dialog: Stop it! You'll kill them!
85) 10) text: Imhotep grabs her, pulls her close, her beautiful eyes st into his shockingly intense ones. Then he kisses her, har Evelyn's eyes widen, stunned and mesmerized, then she pus herself away and falls back into the sand. Imhotep laughs
86) 10) text: Evelyn gives him a look.
86) 11) dialog: You know, nasty little fellows such  as yourself, always get their  comeuppance.
86) 14) dialog: Oh yes, always.
86) 15) text: Beni looks even more worried, he nervously starts chewing his lip. All three of them walk over the bridge crossing disgusting DETRITUS MOAT. Evelyn looks down at it, horrif
88) 0) text: The GUNSHOT echoes into the cemetery as Imhotep, Evelyn a Beni step-up to the strange ALTAR, where four thousand ye ago Imhotep tried to bring Anck-su-namun back to life. Imhotep scowls at the sound and angrily reaches into a CA JAR. He pulls out the crusted remains of Anck-su-namun's  heart, crushes it to dust in his hand and starts reading  from The Book Of The Dead. Then he BLOWS the dust against mausoleum wall, -- THE WALL STARTS TO COME ALIVE. Evelyn and Beni stare at the wall, both of them wide-eyed TWO FORMS emerge from the mausoleum's wall. Horrific-look mummified CORPSES. Two of Imhotep's long dead Priests. They bow to Imhotep, then turn and move off down a passag
90) 2) text: Evelyn blushes, feeling complimented by the handsome prin
90) 3) dialog: Tell him, I'm truly flattered... but  that it's already taken.
90) 6) text: Evelyn's eyes widen.
90) 8) dialog: Intestines.
90) 10) text: Evelyn can't believe it, she furiously turns to Imhotep.
90) 11) dialog: You only want me for my organs?!
90) 12) text: Imhotep looks at her and grins, then BACKHANDS her -- WAP Evelyn goes down for the count. Imhotep stares at her, co malevolent, then he turns and walks off into the mausoleu Beni nervously glances around, then quickly scurries away
93) 0) text: Evelyn wakes up, lying chained to the top of the altar. S blinks, then turns her head, -- and looks right into the  ROTTED FACE of Anck-su-namun's corpse. Evelyn SCREAMS.
95) 0) text: Chained tight to the top of the altar, Evelyn hopelessly  struggles to free herself. She stops as Priest mummies st surrounding the altar. Evelyn is horrified as the hideous mummies kneel down and begin to CHANT, -- which now sound even more horrific due to the lack of tongues, jaws and m in the room. Imhotep steps up carrying the black Book Of The Dead. His hand reaches out and lovingly caresses Anck-su-namun's de cheek.
97) 0) text: Imhotep begins to read from The Book Of The Dead. A large SWIRLING HOLE starts to open in the detritus bog. Evelyn's eyes widen in amazement and horror.
100) 0) text: Imhotep READS from the Book. The rotten Priest-mummies ro back and forth, CHANTING. Evelyn struggles. Then suddenly, the strange MIST wafts up out of the swirl hole and over to the sacred jars, it passes through them into Evelyn. Evelyn JERKS as though she's been electrifie The MIST passes through her and into Anck-su-namun's body The CHANTING PRIESTS, SWIRLING HOLE, WAFTING MIST and  IMHOTEP'S READINGS reach a crescendo. Anck-su-namun's cru EYELIDS suddenly POP OPEN. Evelyn stares at her in disbel Anck-su-namun's rotted head turns and looks at Evelyn wit empty sockets. Evelyn freaks out and struggles wildly, th she notices Imhotep holding the ancient sacrificial knife
100) 2) text: He raises it up over Evelyn's chest, about to plunge it d Evelyn's eyes widen in horror. And that's when O'Connell Jonathan BURST IN. Imhotep spins around and faces them. Jonathan beams as he holds up the golden Book Of The Livi
100) 4) dialog: Shut-up and get me off of here!
100) 7) dialog: Open the book, Jonathan! Open the  book! That's the only way to kill  him!
100) 8) text: O'Connell RACKS and CHOPS at the attacking Priest-mummies fighting his way to Evelyn. The skeletal creatures wildly SWING their swords, trying to STAB O'Connell. Jonathan fu with the book, struggling to open it, -- he can't.
100) 10) text: O'Connell CUTS two of the mummies in half, then swings hi sword down at Evelyn, -- CLANG! One chain breaks free. Jonathan spots a series of SOLID GOLD, FOUR-SIDED LOCKS a the binder. It hits him like lightning --
100) 14) dialog: Read the inscription on the cover!
100) 15) text: O'Connell swings his sword down again, -- CLANG! Evelyn n has one hand and one leg free. More mummies attack O'Conn force him back. Jonathan quickly starts translating the cover inscription but his ancient Egyptian is clearly awful.
100) 19) text: Jonathan trips and falls on his ass. Imhotep CHARGES FORW O'Connell SLASHES another chain. Only one more left holdi Evelyn. Jonathan sits up and quickly looks back at the co
100) 25) text: Imhotep leaves Jonathan and heads for the giant statue. O'Connell leaps over and with one last swing of the sword frees Evelyn from her chains. More Priest-mummies attack, forcing him away. Evelyn jumps off the altar and starts t head for O'Connell, -- a SKELETAL HAND grabs her! Spins h around. It's Anck-su-namun's rotted corpse. Evelyn reacts Imhotep looks up at Anubis, points to O'Connell, and in  ANCIENT EGYPTIAN commands him to attack. Anubis moves for O'Connell, STOMPING over mausoleums and through the detri moat on his way. O'Connell quickly backs away.
100) 28) text: Evelyn is backing away from Anck-su-namun.
100) 29) dialog: Finish the inscription, idiot!
100) 31) text: Anck-su-namun ATTACKS Evelyn. Evelyn fends her off as bes she can. Jonathan quickly looks back at the hieroglyphs o the book cover, fumbling badly under the pressure --
100) 33) dialog: What's it look like!?
100) 34) text: Anck-su-namun grabs Evelyn by the throat. The statue of A corners O'Connell, reaches down and GRABS him with it's  MASSIVE TALONS. O'Connell HACKS away at it. Jonathan star at the inscription, slightly oblivious.
100) 36) text: Evelyn is being STRANGLED by Anck-su-namun.
100) 37) dialog: Ah! Ah! Ahmenophus!
100) 41) text: The giant statue of Anubis instantly freezes in it's trac and PETRIFIES. It's off balance. Starts to fall. O'Connel slides free of it's talons. Evelyn SHOVES Anck-su-namun a Anck-su-namun looks up and opens her fetid mouth to screa just as Anubis CRASHES DOWN on top of her, SMASHING HER t powder and DRIVING her into the ground. Imhotep SHRIEKS in rage and horror, then turns and angril heads for Jonathan. Jonathan, sitting on his ass, quickly backpedals on his hands and heels. O'Connell leaps to his feet, sword in hand and runs for  Imhotep. Imhotep grabs Jonathan, lifts him up, rips the g Book Of The Living out of his hand and pins him to a wall O'Connell runs up and swings his sword at Imhotep, -- WAP SLICES Imhotep's right arm off. It drops to the ground, s clutching The Book Of The Living. Imhotep drops Jonathan spins around, facing O'Connell. O'Connell grins.
100) 45) text: Imhotep is already striding towards him. Jonathan lifts u his hand, -- HE HAS THE KEY/BOX BACK! He smiles at Evelyn
100) 47) text: Evelyn runs for Jonathan. O'Connell SWINGS his sword and CLEAVES a big chunk of mol flesh rot out of Imhotep's stomach. On the outside, Imhot looks human, but on the inside he is still a rotten old m Imhotep BACKHANDS O'Connell. Knocks him twenty feet back. O'Connell staggers to his feet. Imhotep is right there. C him hard with his left arm. O'Connell spins through the a SLAMS into the side of a mausoleum. Imhotep approaches, r in his eyes. O'Connell gets up, quickly pivots and HACKS  into Imhotep's head. Imhotep grins and PUNCHES O'Connell the face. O'Connell is thrown back, pulling his sword wit him. He bounces hard off the mausoleum. Lands on his feet. Totally beat-to-shit. Knees buckling. He can barely stand Jonathan lifts up the heavy gold book, -- Imhotep's sever hand still clings to it. Jonathan cringes in disgust. Eve yanks it off, throws it away, then start furiously workin the key into the series of locks, unlocking each of them. Imhotep strides forward. O'Connell backs into the mausole swings the sword, Imhotep tries to catch it, -- it CLEAVE through his palm and deeply imbeds itself into his forear No matter, Imhotep rips the sword away from O'Connell and casually flings it away. The golden Book Of The Living opens with a HISS. Jonathan holds it tight as Evelyn quickly turns the heavy gold pag looking for something. O'Connell turns to run, but Imhotep grabs him by the thro and lifts him off his feet. O'Connell hangs there, a daze mess. Imhotep grins, says something in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN,  then starts to strangle O'Connell. O'Connell chokes. Abou to die. Evelyn turns and faces Imhotep and reads an inscription:
100) 48) dialog: Kadeesh mal! Kadeesh mal! Pared oos!  PARED OOS!!
100) 49) text: Imhotep pivots and looks at Evelyn, a look of sheer terro on his face. Then he looks over at the detritus bog. Whic starts to BUBBLE and SHIFT. The SWIRLING HOLE begins to o And then suddenly THE SPIRITS OF THE EGYPTIAN GODS waft o of the black bog and SWIRL around the Priest-mummies. The mummies all collapse and turn to dust. And then the spiri attack Imhotep. Lifting him and O'Connell up into the air Imhotep lets go of O'Connell, who falls to the ground. Evelyn and Jonathan fearfully stumble away from the spiri Jonathan trips and falls and accidentally throws The Book The Living into the detritus bog. Evelyn watches as the g book sinks into the black putrescence. Jonathan looks lik he's about to cry. Ten feet off the ground, the spirits SWIRL around Imhotep body, TWISTING IT and TURNING IT and slowly SHRIVELING IT Accompanied by the same strange FLASHING LIGHT we saw at beginning of the movie when Anck-su-namun was cursed. One last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND, and Imho is spit out and thrown to the floor. He staggers to his f he looks perfectly normal. His body is completely intact. O'Connell swings his sword. Imhotep jerks back. The sword scrapes Imhotep's chest, -- a swath of blood appears acro Imhotep's chest where the sword hit him. Imhotep touches blood on his chest, amazed and horrified. He's mortal. O'Connell runs Imhotep through with the sword and shoves backwards. Imhotep stumbles back and falls into the detri bog. The sword still in his stomach. Evelyn and Jonathan run up next to O'Connell. They watch Imhotep gently sinks into the fetid swamp, slowly dying. then, just before his head goes under, Imhotep looks up a them, grins broadly, and says something in ANCIENT EGYPTI Evelyn translates:
100) 50) dialog: Death is only the beginning.
102) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch-run into the treasu chamber. Evelyn skids to a stop. Looks in wonder at all t treasure. SAND rains down on them. O'Connell grabs her ag and quickly pulls her through the mounds of treasure towa a SINKING DOORWAY on the far side of the room. The SOUND the sinking walls is deafening. Beni crouch-runs into the treasure chamber. O'Connell, Ev and Jonathan race past him. He joins them as they run up staircase. Heading for a DESCENDING DOORWAY, which is alr half gone, it's now only four feet high -- now three feet high -- now two feet. Jonathan dives through the narrow g Then O'Connell dives through, he spins around. Evelyn div but gets stuck in the middle, about to get cut in half. O'Connell grabs her arm and YANKS her through in the nick time. Beni reaches through the narrowing gap with his han
103) 0) text: The temple COLLAPSES as O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and a pack of stray camels race through the ruins. A SINKING CR DROPS OUT right behind them. Chasing them out through the front gates. The whole place RUMBLES ominously. They make it down the ramp as more ruins CRASH DOWN behin them. A MASSIVE CLOUD OF SAND AND DUST billows out over t wall and into the air. our heroes and all the stray camel race out into the desert...
104) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan stand in the middle of the plateau, surrounded by stray camels. They stare off at th sandy, dusty, volcano as it continues to RUMBLE-ominously
104) 2) text: O'Connell looks at Evelyn.
104) 4) text: Evelyn returns the look, A BEAT, and then she wraps-her a around his neck and kisses him. O'Connell returns it. Jonathan just rolls his eyes, snorts in disgust and climb up onto a camel. When the kiss is over, O'Connell and Evelyn share a smile then O'Connell leaps up into the saddle, reaches down, gr Evelyn's hand and pulls her up behind him. Evelyn wraps h arms around his waist. O'Connell and Jonathan slap the re
104) 6) text: The camels start to move out. WE PAN DOWN: to the saddleb behind Evelyn, hidden under the closed back flap, -- we c see that it's filled with Beni's stolen TREASURE. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan ride off into the SUNSET.