0) 0) text: Glaring out over the city at the setting sun is a handsom muscular MAN with intense, evil eyes. This is IMHOTEP.
0) 4) text: She makes her way through the ornate statuary. The CAMERA comes to a stop on a CRACKED STONE FACE. A BEAT. And then it's eyes suddenly POP OPEN. It's really a strange lookin TATTOOED MAN. Several more of these hideous, bald MEN sta nearby. They are the PRIESTS of Osiris. Imhotep's guys. T eyes watch Anck-su-namun vanish through the bedroom curta Anck-su-namun embraces Imhotep, they kiss passionately,  feverishly. Imhotep's hands roam over her perfect body,  smearing the paint. The Narrator's VOICE fills with lust:
0) 6) text: And we realize that the Narrator is actually Imhotep hims on the other-side of the curtains, the bald Priests rush  over and close the doors. But just as they do, the doors  suddenly BURST OPEN. Pharaoh angrily strides in, looks at the Priests. The following DIALOGUE is in ANCIENT EGYPTIA SUBTITLED.
0) 10) text: From behind him, his sword is ripped out of its scabbard. Pharaoh spins around. It's Imhotep. Pharaoh is shocked.
0) 12) text: Behind him, Anck-su-namun lifts a dagger and plunges it i his back. Pharaoh SCREAMS. Imhotep raises Pharaoh's sword. The hide bald Priests SLAM the doors and bolt them tight. Through curtains, they see the SHADOWS of Anck-su-namun and Imhot stab away at Pharaoh. Suddenly, the doors are RAMMED from the other side, --WHAM! Imhotep and Anck-su-namun turn an look. --WHAM! The doors are RAMMED again. The two lovers  share desperate looks. --WHAM! The bald Priests run up an grab Imhotep and try and pull him towards the balcony.
0) 14) text: Imhotep tries to break free, but Anck-su-namun rips Phara sword out of his hand and pushes him towards the balcony.
0) 16) text: Imhotep's face fills with despair. The DOORS EXPLODE OPEN MEN with BLUE-TINTED SKIN and strange PUZZLE-TATTOOS over their bodies stride in, armed to the teeth. These are the MUMIA. The Priests hustle Imhotep out onto the dark balco just as the Mumia rip through the curtains. Anck-su-namun points at Pharaoh and hisses --
0) 18) text: She PLUNGES the sword into her own heart. Out on the balc Imhotep's mouth opens into a horrible silent scream...
0) 19) dialog: For murdering Pharaoh, Anck-su-namun's  body was to be cursed. And it was I,  the High Priest, whose duty it was  to curse it.
1) 0) text: Imhotep leads-a TORCH-LIT procession across the dunes. An su-namun's mummy is carried by NUBIAN SLAVES. They put he down in the sand along with FIVE JEWEL ENCRUSTED JARS.
1) 1) dialog: Her body was mummified, her vital  organs removed and placed in sacred  canopic jars.
1) 2) text: Imhotep, filled with dread, reads from a OBOOKO made out pure GOLD. THIS IS THE BOOK OF THE LIVING.
1) 3) dialog: The Book of The Living contained  sacred incantations that would send  the evil dead on a journey into the  dark underworld.
1) 4) text: Strange LIGHT suddenly FLASHES across the faces of the sl and the EGYPTIAN SOLDIERS. Suddenly, everyone's fear-fill eyes all rise, as if watching Anck-su-namun's body rising Then one last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND, and it's over. Anck-su-namun's body now lies twisted on t ground. Imhotep's Priests place the body into a stone sarcophagus The Nubian slaves lower it into a hole and bury it with s Imhotep then signals to the Soldiers, who throw their spe at the Nubians. Killing them.
1) 5) dialog: The slaves were killed...
1) 6) text: Imhotep's knife-wielding Priests attack the now unarmed  Soldiers, hacking at them in the flickering darkness as  Imhotep and the Mumia solemnly watches.
1) 7) dialog: ...and the soldiers who killed them  were also slain, so that no unholy  person should ever know the exact  location of the burial site.
1) 8) text: The Mumia walk off across the sand and then, one by one, Priests stop their frenzied stabbing and stare off at the vanishing Mumia. As the last Mumia disappears over a dist dune, Imhotep nods, and the Priests leap onto Anck-su-nam grave and begin digging it back up with their hands.
2) 0) text: CHARIOTS race out into the moonlit desert. Imhotep leads way. A "hearse" carries Anck-su-namun's mummy. THE MAP OF ANCIENT EGYPT FADES UP. The chariots race across the map.
2) 1) dialog: But there was another book, The Book  Of The Dead, which was never to be  opened, never to be read, for it  contained the incantations that could  bring a dead body back to life a  most unholy thing.
2) 3) dialog: It was hidden at Hamunaptra, City of  the Dead, inside the statue of Anubis,  so that no such sacrilege might ever  disgrace Egypt.
3) 0) text: Imhotep pulls an ORNATE CHEST out of a SECRET COMPARTMENT inside the giant STATUE OF ANUBIS. He opens the chest and lifts out THE BOOK OF THE DEAD, made of black stone.
3) 1) dialog: But for my love of Anck-su-namun I  was willing to defy the gods.
4) 0) text: Big hairy RATS scurry through the mausoleums and over the headstones of this very large, scary, UNDERGROUND CEMETER A DETRITUS MOAT surrounds the cemetery, -- muck made out filthy water and human remains. Skulls bob in the goop. T Priests have gathered in a circle. Their hooded, lifeless eyes seem dead to this world. Their bald heads rock back forth as they CHANT, a quiet eerie HUM. Heinous creatures In the middle of the circle is a strange, twisted ALTAR. Imhotep has unwrapped Anck-su-namun's gorgeous, lifeless  body and placed her five sacred canopic jars around her.
4) 1) dialog: Anck-su-namun's vital organs were  still fresh, so a human sacrifice  would not need be made.
4) 2) text: As Imhotep begins to read from The Book of The Dead, a la SWIRLING HOLE starts to open in the detritus bog. Several Priests look over at it, frightened, then quickly look ba down and resume CHANTING. A strange MIST wafts up out of swirling hole and over to the jars, it passes through the and into Anck-su-namun's body. One of the jars SHUDDERS, heart inside begins to BEAT. The CHANTING PRIESTS, SWIRLI HOLE, WAFTING MIST, BEATING HEART and IMHOTEP'S READINGS reaching a crescendo. Anck-su-namun's EYES suddenly FLY O
4) 3) dialog: Anck-su-namun soul had come back  from the dead! Now all that was  needed, was to return her organs to  their rightful place within her body.
4) 4) text: Imhotep lifts a sacrificial knife above Anck-su-namun's  breast, about to plunge it down. The CHANTING, SWIRLING a BEATING heart CLIMAX. And that's when the Mumia BURST IN storm through the startled Priests. The HEAD MUMIA SMASHE the jar with the beating heart. The MIST instantly sucks  back out of Anck-su-namun's body and IMPLODES back into t swirling hole. Anck-su-namun's eyes close. Dying once again. Imhotep SCR in rage. The Mumia grab him and his Priests.
4) 5) dialog: My Priests were condemned to be  mummified alive.
5) 0) text: Inside a TORCH-LIT CHAMBER, Imhotep is held by Anubis-hea EMBALMERS. He cringes at the flickering, impressionistic  glimpses of his Priests being embalmed and mummified aliv The horrid-looking Embalmers, using knives, needles and  thread, calmly perform their ghastly surgery on the SCREA Priests, who are going insane from the procedure. A red hot POKER is pulled out of a pit of burning coals. A Priest's head is wedged between two strong boards. His  eyes widen in terror as an Embalmer moves to insert the r hot poker up his nose. But just before he does, WE QUICKLY CUT TO IMHOTEP'S FACE horrified, as OFF CAMERA, the Priest SCREAMS. WE GO WIDE on the chamber. All twenty-one of Imhotep's Pr squirm inside their wrappings. Imhotep is forced to his k His arms are held back. His mouth is pried open.
5) 1) dialog: As for me, I was condemned to endure  the HOM-DAI. The worst of all ancient  curses. One so horrible, it had never  before been bestowed.
5) 2) text: Using a pair of tongs, an Embalmer slowly pulls Imhotep's TONGUE out of his mouth, then places a very sharp knife o top of it. WE GO TIGHT on IMHOTEP'S EYES as his tongue is apparently cut out. The Embalmer flings Imhotep's tongue  onto the floor. The Mumia's dogs attack and quickly eat i Imhotep is WRAPPED ALIVE. Only his mouth, nostrils and  fearfilled eyes are left free of the slimy bandages. Detr muck boils inside a black cauldron. Embalmers scoop out t fetid muck and apply it to Imhotep's wrappings as he squi He's then laid in a wooden COFFIN inside a stone SARCOPHA An Embalmer with a BUCKET steps up and looks into the cof Imhotep's wild eyes stare back. The Embalmer empties the  bucket over Imhotep's chest: dozens of SCARABS, disgustin dung beetles. They scurry across Imhotep's SCREAMING face Some vanish into his tongue-less mouth and up his nostril
5) 3) dialog: By eating the sacred scarabs, I would  be cursed to stay alive forever. And  by eating me, they were cursed just  the same.
5) 5) dialog: I was to remain sealed inside my  sarcophagus, the undead for all of  eternity.
5) 7) dialog: They would never allow me to be  released. For I would arise a walking  disease, a plague upon mankind, an  unholy flesh-eater, with the strength  of ages, power over the sands, and  the glory of invincibility.
5) 8) text: Imhotep's sarcophagus is dropped into a DETRITUS PIT. The disgusting muck SPLASHES up, drools down it-s sides, and  then is mysteriously sucked into It's seams, vanishing cl
5) 9) dialog: And if I could raise my beloved Anck- su-namun from her place in hell,  together, we would be an unstoppable  infection upon this world. The  Apocalypse. The End.
5) 10) text: Imhotep's horrifying tongue-less SCREAMS can be heard com from inside his sarcophagus as grave diggers shovel dirt  onto it. THE MAIN TITLE IS SUPERIMPOSED ON THE SCREAM:
6) 0) text: Imhotep's horrifying SCREAMS become the SCREAMS of a TUAR HORSEMAN. Racing across the desert with two thousand of his warrior brethren. Armed to the teeth. SUPERIMPOSED across the SCR are the WORDS:
6) 52) text: He turns and bolts off around the rocks. Running for his  life, weaving through the ruins. The Arabians getting clo and closer. The POUNDING hoofs getting LOUDER and LOUDER. O'Connell finally spins around and faces his attackers. T four massive horses crash to a stop in front of him. The  vicious Tuaregs raise their rifles to finish him off. O'Connell just stands there, exhausted and beaten, then h slowly lifts his right hand and gives them the bird. And that's when the horses go ape-shit. All four of them  REAR UP. Two of the Riders are THROWN to the ground. The  horses SCREECH and BELLOW and SNORT in fear, then buck li fury and haul-ass away as if the devil himself had scared them. The thrown Riders get up and race off after their  mounts. O'Connell just stands there, stunned, then he lifts his r hand and checks out his middle finger. And then he feels evil himself, and turns around. -- The shattered, decrepi statue of Anubis stares back at him. Suddenly, the sand begins to shift under O'Connell's feet He starts to back away, keeping his eyes on the transform sand, it looks like huge snakes are wiggling and writhing beneath it, forming lines and shapes, -- drawing a pictur O'Connell quickly turns and runs off through the ruins. T sand stops moving, and we can now see that, drawn in the  sand, is a picture of IMHOTEP'S SCREAMING FACE.
7) 0) text: Up on a ridge, A GROUP OF RIDERS watch O'Connell stumble  clear of the decrepit city. O'Connell feels their presenc and looks up. Very different from the Tuaregs, they have  BLUE TINTED SKIN and faces covered in strange PUZZLE-TATT The Mumia. Still watching Imhotep's grave after all this  time. The MUMIA LEADER is a huge, fierce Man in black robes, wi dual scimitars across his waist. His face is both handsom and horrible, blue and tattooed. Meet ARDETH RAY. His dar eyes watch O'Connell stagger off into the open desert...
10) 14) text: Jonathan pulls out a small, ancient BOX; the collapsed KE to Imhotep's sarcophagus and coffin. Evelyn is instantly  curious, she grabs the box out of his hand.
33) 0) text: The dust is starting to clear. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jona slowly get up and step over to the massive stone casement We immediately recognize it as IMHOTEP'S SARCOPHAGUS.
42) 0) text: WHAM! Imhotep's wooden coffin is DROPPED to the ground ne to his stone sarcophagus. Evelyn is very excited.
42) 11) text: They all jump back. Scared to death. Imhotep is now the  'Elephant Man' of corpses; twisted and deformed. The year have not been kind. He slumps back into his coffin.
44) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan slowly creep forward and  carefully look back inside Imhotep's coffin, creeped-out.
45) 0) text: The vapor is settling. The Americans have their guns aime at the chest. The Egyptologist slowly steps up, reaches  inside, and lifts out a heavy burlap bag. Everyone's eyes widen in excitement as he sticks his hand into the bag an slowly pulls out the black BOOK OF THE DEAD, the same boo Imhotep used in his attempt to bring Anck-su-namun back t life.
48) 0) text: Evelyn's VOICE is OVERLAID as WE START WIDE on Imhotep's  chamber and SLOWLY PUSH IN on his sarcophagus. WE PUSH IN over the lip of the coffin, then closer and closer toward Imhotep's rotten, twisted head, until his putrid face fil FRAME, -- and then suddenly his crusty eyelids Pop OPEN! Revealing EMPTY SOCKETS. -- BIG SCARY MUSIC STING.
53) 4) text: Burns TRIPS, stumbles forward, towards the Figure, his ha reach out and SINK INTO IMHOTEP'S PUTRID CHEST CAVITY. Bu jumps like a scalded cat, pulls his hands out and looks a them, -- HIS HANDS ARE COVERED IN MOLTEN FLESH ROT. He st to SCREAM. A SKELETAL HAND clamps over his mouth.
53) 9) text: Just as she reaches him he turns around. It's Burns. BOTH HIS EYES ARE MISSING. He stares at her with vacant socket Evelyn SCREAMS in horror and backs away, hyperventilating she bumps into something. She SCREAMS again and spins aro It's Imhotep. With two fresh EYEBALLS in his sockets. Evelyn SCREAMS again and backs away into a wall. Her hair down, her face is dirty and sweaty, her blouse is ripped, her dress is torn, she's never looked sexier. Imhotep SQU
53) 10) dialog: Anck-su-namun?
53) 18) text: Burns opens his mouth, but can only GURGLE and MOAN becau HIS TONGUE IS MISSING. Imhotep grabs him, throws him to t ground and sets his skeletal foot on Burns' chest, like a big game hunter standing on his kill. Imhotep then parts fetid lips, -- A FRESH TONGUE FLAPS BETWEEN HIS ROTTED TE
53) 19) dialog: Kadeesh pharos Anck-su-namun!
53) 22) text: O'Connell sees the look in her eyes and turns around, -- the sight of Imhotep, O'Connell jumps back in fright.
53) 24) text: O'Connell and Evelyn start backing away down the wall. Imhotep glides sideways with them, like a tiger cornering his prey, the sand around him SWIRLS and DANCES. Burns st to crawl away, whimpering as he goes. Imhotep suddenly st and UNHINGES his skeletal jaw, his skinless mouth stretch to an inhuman size, and he lets out a horrific, primordia SHRIEK.
53) 25) dialog: ANCK-SU-NAMUUUUUN!!!!
53) 28) text: Then BLASTS him with the elephant gun, --BLAM! Through th SMOKE AND FLAMMAGE we see Imhotep blown off his feet, his ribcage half torn away. O'Connell grabs Evelyn and runs.
55) 0) text: Beni slowly backs up around Anubis, eyes wide, gun up. He turns around, -- IMHOTEP IS RIGHT THERE! Beni SCREAMS, ba away and OPENS FIRE. Six GUNSHOTS perforate Imhotep, but  have no effect except to SPLATTER molten flesh rot onto t back wall. Beni retreats into a corner, scared shitless. Imhotep moves forward, his one hand trying to stop the mo mummy guts from oozing out of the large shotgun hole in h side. Beni drops his gun and grabs at the CHAINS around h neck, RELIGIOUS SYMBOLS AND ICONS dangle from each chain. Beni holds the first one up: A CHRISTIAN CRUCIFIX. He qui makes the sign of-the cross and blesses himself in Englis
55) 2) text: It has no effect on Imhotep, who continues forward. Beni  quickly grabs at the other symbols and icons, holding the out towards Imhotep, one after the other, trying to slow progress: an Islamic Sword and Crescent Moon necklace; a  Hindu Brahma medallion; a small Buddhist Bodhisattva stat All while blessing himself in Arabic, Hindi, Chinese and  Latin. Nothing works. Imhotep's skeletal hand reaches for Beni's throat. Tears run down Beni's cheeks he's so freak And that's when he holds up THE STAR OF DAVID and blesses himself in HEBREW. Imhotep stops in his tracks. His hand  lowers. His grotesque new eyeballs stare at Beni.
55) 3) dialog: (subtitled) The language of the slaves.
55) 4) text: Looks at him quizzically. Imhotep takes a step back.
55) 5) dialog: (in Hebrew -- subtitled) I may have use for you. And the  rewards will be great.
55) 6) text: Imhotep reaches into his tattered robe, and then holds ou his fetid hand, filled with squirming MAGGOTS. Beni cring about to throw up, but then the maggots part, -- revealin tiny pile of little JEWELS. Beni's eyes widen. Imhotep ra his other hand, it holds Anck-su-namun's BROKEN CANOPIC J
55) 7) dialog: Where are the other sacred jars?
57) 3) dialog: ANCK-SU-NAMUUUUUN!!!!
60) 0) text: O'Connell angrily strides through the compound. He sees B coming up the path with a MAN dressed in hooded robes, hi face covered by an ornate death mask. Imhotep disguised.
60) 6) text: O'Connell sticks out his hand, -- Imhotep instantly recoi O'Connell gives him the once-over. Beni quickly covers.
60) 12) text: O'Connell fake-punches him. Beni flinches. O'Connell give Imhotep a look as he strides off.
60) 14) text: Imhotep's grotesque new eyes glare out from behind the ma
61) 9) text: Imhotep opens the drawer and pulls out some bifocals. He  puts the bifocals on over his death mask, -- and grins  broadly, his rotted teeth showing through the mouth hole.
61) 13) text: A look of pure fear registers on Burns, face. Beni quickl backs away and runs out of the room. Imhotep picks up the sacred canopic jar, then removes the death mask, revealin his hideous, shattered CORPSE-SKULL.
65) 0) text: O'Connell and Evelyn race into the room, past the Servant who is running out SCREAMING. They skid to a stop as they spot Burns, or what's left of him, lying dead on the floo HIS BODY IS SHRIVELED TO HALF IT'S SIZE. Drained of all organs and liquids. O'Connell and Evelyn a shocked. Then they hear a LOUD MOAN and notice Imhotep  standing on the far side of the room. O'Connell draws his gun. Imhotep is REGENERATING: A thick skin FORMS over powerful new musculature. His tendons RIPPLE. His bones BULGE and  REFORM. His mouth opens to an inhuman size as he MOANS an CRIES OUT, in severe pain. And then it's over. And he loo like an incredibly muscular, corpse-like vision from hell The 'Terminator' Mummy. O'Connell and Evelyn are stunned.
65) 2) text: Imhotep starts to move towards them, staring at Evelyn.
65) 4) text: Imhotep keeps coming. O'Connell OPENS FIRE. BLASTING Imho Bullets RIP through his body. Imhotep doesn't seem to min Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels run into the room. They'r all stunned at the sight of Imhotep. O'Connell steps forward, throws a RIGHT HOOK, punches Imh in the face, -- HIS FIST GOES THROUGH IMHOTEP'S SKULL AND GETS STUCK DEEP INSIDE HIS HEAD. O'Connell stares at it,  shocked, then quickly YANKS his fist back out. The area o Imhotep's face that came into contact with O'Connell's fi quickly DEGENERATES and DECAYS, right down to the bone, a if O'Connell's hand instantly infected it. Imhotep angrily turns, grabs O'Connell, and with no effor THROWS him across the room and into Jonathan and the othe knocking them down. Imhotep looks at his hand, the one th just grabbed O'Connell, -- IT STARTS TO SHRIVEL and DECAY He quickly turns to Evelyn. Evelyn backs away into a wall terrorized. Imhotep steps up to her.
65) 5) dialog: You saved me from the undead. For  this, I shall make you immortal.
65) 6) text: He leans in, about to kiss her with his decayed face. And that's when a WHITE CAT jumps onto the piano, HISSING Imhotep SHRIEKS. The balcony doors BLOW OPEN. Imhotep spi into a BLAST OF WIND AND SAND and SWIRLS out the doors. G O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and Daniels stand transfixed. Henderson kneels next to Burns, shriveled body, horrified
70) 0) text: Down in the bazaar, people are SCREAMING and quickly back away from the SHRIVELED CORPSE OF THE EGYPTOLOGIST. A partially decayed HAND reaches down and takes the sacre canopic jar out of the Egyptologist's shriveled hand. It' Imhotep, having regenerated even further. He looks up and catches eyes with O'Connell. Imhotep grins, then UNHINGES his jaw, his mouth stretches to an inhuman size, and then huge SWARM OF FLIES comes out of his mouth and races stra up at O'Connell and Jonathan. They both SLAM the shutters The flies SLAM into the closed window and immediately spr throughout the bazaar. Sending people SCREAMING and runni
71) 3) text: Daniels nods and heads out. Henderson just sits there, al smoking. He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out his SACRED CANOPIC JAR and fondles it. A BREEZE suddenly come in through the open window. The curtains flutter. Henders gets up and goes over to shut it. He looks out the window The CAMERA races over the compound, into the window and H Henderson square in the FACE just as he's about to scream Henderson is lifted into the air by a mass of SWIRLING SA His body TWISTS and TURNS and slowly SHRIVELS as the life SUCKED out of him. Then he COLLAPSES to the floor. On the wall above him, th SHADOW of the SWIRLING SAND condenses, forming a SHADOW o human body. The SHADOW CONVULSES as the body REGENERATES. And then it's over. Imhotep steps into view. He's regenerated even further an looks almost normal now, his face no longer decayed. He s over Henderson's shriveled body and up to Evelyn's door,  rattles the knob. It's locked. Imhotep grins.
72) 3) text: Imhotep's sadness turns to anger as he spins around and f O'Connell. Imhotep licks his fetid lips. O'Connell smirks
72) 5) text: Imhotep starts to move for O'Connell.
72) 7) text: He throws the white cat at Imhotep. Imhotep instinctively catches it. He SHRIEKS, drops the cat and stumbles back towards the  window, -- which suddenly BLOWS OPEN. Imhotep spins like dervish and BURSTS INTO A WHIRLWIND OF SAND. Everybody covers their eyes. The Imhotep/sand-devil EXPLO out the window and vanishes over the compound. Jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking bad O'Connell hugs Evelyn as she wipes her mouth in disgust. Daniels walks in, looks at Henderson's shriveled body on floor... and drops the martini glasses.
74) 0) text: A FULL MOON now shines down on the bazaar, still bustling with activity. Suddenly, a BREEZE kicks-in. GREEN MIST be to SWIRL down the street and through the stalls. The peop begin to CHOKE and COUGH and RETCH, as if being hit by a  severe sickness -- it's already too late. Imhotep strolls through the sickened mob, his face half r off, his deformed mouth grinning happily. Beni is at his  side, looking very nervous. And then, one-by-one, the people silently begin to follow Imhotep, their skin now covered in disgustingly hideous B AND SORES.
76) 0) text: The crazed mob CRASHES into the huge front doors, which a locked. They pound furiously, throwing themselves at it w CHANTING CONSTANTLY. Imhotep solemnly comes up the drivew
78) 4) text: Imhotep looks out of the museum from the shattered upper  windows just as the convertible PEELS OUT. O'Connell poin a finger at Beni as they race past him.
78) 6) text: Imhotep UNHINGES his jaw, his mouth stretches to an inhum size, he lets out one of his horrific, primordial SHRIEKS His disease-ridden disciples immediately begin pouring ou of the front doors of the museum and chasing after the ca
79) 0) text: The convertible hauls ass down the narrow bazaar street. Crazies start jumping out of stalls and LEAPING onto the  car. O'Connell and the others fight them off, throwing th overboard. More people JUMP on. Jonathan SWERVES the car, CRASHES through some stalls, knocking them off, but not b they manage to open the back door and YANK Daniels out. H TUMBLES across the pavement. Gets up SHOOTING. Backs into corner, FIRING his pistol into the hideous rabble, killin several, keeping them at bay. His gun goes empty, CLICK!  CLICK! CLICK! But the mob stays back, looking at him like rabid vultures. Daniels eyes them, filled with fear. The mob parts like the red sea as Imhotep walks through t and up to Daniels. Daniels whimpers in fear, tears pour d his cheeks. Then he gets an idea, reaches into his pocket and pulls out his jewel encrusted SACRED CANOPIC JAR. He  holds it out for Imhotep. Imhotep takes it and grins. Thr his tears, Daniels grins back, hopeful that he'll be spar WE CUT WIDE: Somewhere in the middle of the crazed, disea mob, we hear Daniels give out A BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM...
80) 2) text: They all leap out of the car. But the angry, festering mo quickly surrounds them. O'Connell quickly reaches into hi gunny-sack, pulls out a stick of dynamite, then reaches i his pocket and pulls out a match. He looks around for a w to light it, then reaches over and strikes it across Arde Ray's stubbly face. Ardeth Ray YELPS. O'Connell holds the lit match near the fuse. The crazed, CHANTING mob gives O'Connell a wide berth, st at him and the others with insane, bloodshot eyes. And then Imhotep steps through, -- having fully regenerat he now looks as young and handsome and muscular as he did the day he was buried alive. Evelyn stares at him.
80) 6) text: Imhotep moves forward, heading right for them. O'Connell  LIGHTS THE FUSE. Imhotep steps up to O'Connell and stops, watching the fuse burn down. it's a game of chicken. The  tension mounts. The LIT FUSE is about to vanish inside th stick of dynamite, blowing it up, -- when Evelyn leans fo and blows it out. O'Connell exhales, but keeps his eyes o Imhotep, who extends his hand to Evelyn.
80) 7) dialog: Koontash dai na.
80) 10) text: Evelyn hesitates, looks around at the huge, bloodthirsty  crowd surrounding them, holding axes, picks and scimitars waiting to pounce, then she looks at Imhotep, confident,  powerful, invincible. Then she looks at O'Connell.
80) 14) text: Evelyn looks back at Imhotep, then starts to reach out to take his hand. Both O'Connell and Jonathan move to stop h but Ardeth Ray grabs them both and holds them tight.
80) 17) text: Evelyn's trembling hand touches Imhotep's: His hand close around hers. Nothing happens. Imhotep smiles.
80) 18) dialog: Keetah mi pharos, aja nilo, isirlan.
80) 27) text: Imhotep suddenly notices something. He reaches forward an RIPS THE KEY/BOX OUT OF JONATHAN'S UPPER JACKET POCKET.
80) 29) text: Ardeth Ray holds Jonathan back. Imhotep pulls Evelyn away O'Connell can't take it anymore, he tries to break free o Ardeth Ray's grip.
80) 33) text: The crowd parts for Imhotep and Evelyn. And then Imhotep  stops and looks back at O'Connell.
80) 34) dialog: Pared oos.
80) 39) text: Imhotep pulls her away. O'Connell breaks free of Ardeth R grip and stumbles forward.
85) 0) text: Imhotep's jaw UNHINGES, his mouth opens to an inhuman siz he lets fly with another one of his horrible SHRIEKS. -- a massive WALL OF SAND rises up out of the desert
85) 3) text: WE GO WIDE AS: The sandstorm chases the diving, twisting  biplane. Getting closer and closer, about to engulf it. O'Connell looks back into the blinding sand and sees a GI FACE forming inside the sandstorm. It's Imhotep. Grinning O'Connell grabs the Lewis machine-gun, cocks the bracket FIRES, blasting away at Imhotep's giant face inside the  sandstorm. Imhotep's face begins to laugh, then his jaw  unhinges, his mouth opens wide, and he ENGULFS the plane. Winston blindly fights for control, elated.
85) 10) text: Imhotep grabs her, pulls her close, her beautiful eyes st into his shockingly intense ones. Then he kisses her, har Evelyn's eyes widen, stunned and mesmerized, then she pus herself away and falls back into the sand. Imhotep laughs
88) 0) text: The GUNSHOT echoes into the cemetery as Imhotep, Evelyn a Beni step-up to the strange ALTAR, where four thousand ye ago Imhotep tried to bring Anck-su-namun back to life. Imhotep scowls at the sound and angrily reaches into a CA JAR. He pulls out the crusted remains of Anck-su-namun's  heart, crushes it to dust in his hand and starts reading  from The Book Of The Dead. Then he BLOWS the dust against mausoleum wall, -- THE WALL STARTS TO COME ALIVE. Evelyn and Beni stare at the wall, both of them wide-eyed TWO FORMS emerge from the mausoleum's wall. Horrific-look mummified CORPSES. Two of Imhotep's long dead Priests. They bow to Imhotep, then turn and move off down a passag
90) 0) text: Imhotep prepares the altar while speaking in HEBREW. Beni holds his gun on her, translating:
90) 4) text: Imhotep continues SPEAKING while laying the four jewel  encrusted canopic jars next to the shattered one.
90) 10) text: Evelyn can't believe it, she furiously turns to Imhotep.
90) 12) text: Imhotep looks at her and grins, then BACKHANDS her -- WAP Evelyn goes down for the count. Imhotep stares at her, co malevolent, then he turns and walks off into the mausoleu Beni nervously glances around, then quickly scurries away
91) 0) text: Imhotep turns from the altar as he hears more GUNSHOTS ec out of the passageways. He angrily reaches into another o Anck-su-namun's canopic jars, pulls out her crusty liver crushes it to dust, then quickly starts reading a passage from the Book and BLOWS the dust down a passageway.
91) 1) dialog: (ancient Egyptian --  subtitled) Kill them! Kill them all! And bring  me the Book Of The Living!
95) 0) text: Chained tight to the top of the altar, Evelyn hopelessly  struggles to free herself. She stops as Priest mummies st surrounding the altar. Evelyn is horrified as the hideous mummies kneel down and begin to CHANT, -- which now sound even more horrific due to the lack of tongues, jaws and m in the room. Imhotep steps up carrying the black Book Of The Dead. His hand reaches out and lovingly caresses Anck-su-namun's de cheek.
97) 0) text: Imhotep begins to read from The Book Of The Dead. A large SWIRLING HOLE starts to open in the detritus bog. Evelyn's eyes widen in amazement and horror.
100) 0) text: Imhotep READS from the Book. The rotten Priest-mummies ro back and forth, CHANTING. Evelyn struggles. Then suddenly, the strange MIST wafts up out of the swirl hole and over to the sacred jars, it passes through them into Evelyn. Evelyn JERKS as though she's been electrifie The MIST passes through her and into Anck-su-namun's body The CHANTING PRIESTS, SWIRLING HOLE, WAFTING MIST and  IMHOTEP'S READINGS reach a crescendo. Anck-su-namun's cru EYELIDS suddenly POP OPEN. Evelyn stares at her in disbel Anck-su-namun's rotted head turns and looks at Evelyn wit empty sockets. Evelyn freaks out and struggles wildly, th she notices Imhotep holding the ancient sacrificial knife
100) 1) dialog: With your death, my love and I will  be invincible!
100) 2) text: He raises it up over Evelyn's chest, about to plunge it d Evelyn's eyes widen in horror. And that's when O'Connell Jonathan BURST IN. Imhotep spins around and faces them. Jonathan beams as he holds up the golden Book Of The Livi
100) 5) text: O'Connell grabs an ancient sword out of a statue's hand,  jumps up onto a gravestone and leaps out over the Priests The Priest-mummies stop chanting. The MIST vanishes. Imhotep steps forward. O'Connell STRIKES the sacrificial  knife out of his hand. Imhotep BELLOWS a command. The Pri stand up, swords and knives in hand, they ATTACK O'Connel
100) 12) text: Imhotep grins, then grabs the KEY/BOX hanging from a chai around his neck, rips it off and shoves it into his pocke He picks up the sacrificial sword and heads for Jonathan.
100) 17) text: Jonathan starts to backpedal through the cemetery, clutch the golden book; wide-eyed, as Imhotep moves in on him.
100) 19) text: Jonathan trips and falls on his ass. Imhotep CHARGES FORW O'Connell SLASHES another chain. Only one more left holdi Evelyn. Jonathan sits up and quickly looks back at the co
100) 21) text: Imhotep raises the sacrificial sword, about to kill Jonat And that's when the giant statue of Anubis suddenly CRASH through the wall -- shades of Ray Harryhausen. Only bette The god of Deaths, horrible, decrepit STONE FACE stares  angrily down. Jonathan stares back.
100) 25) text: Imhotep leaves Jonathan and heads for the giant statue. O'Connell leaps over and with one last swing of the sword frees Evelyn from her chains. More Priest-mummies attack, forcing him away. Evelyn jumps off the altar and starts t head for O'Connell, -- a SKELETAL HAND grabs her! Spins h around. It's Anck-su-namun's rotted corpse. Evelyn reacts Imhotep looks up at Anubis, points to O'Connell, and in  ANCIENT EGYPTIAN commands him to attack. Anubis moves for O'Connell, STOMPING over mausoleums and through the detri moat on his way. O'Connell quickly backs away.
100) 41) text: The giant statue of Anubis instantly freezes in it's trac and PETRIFIES. It's off balance. Starts to fall. O'Connel slides free of it's talons. Evelyn SHOVES Anck-su-namun a Anck-su-namun looks up and opens her fetid mouth to screa just as Anubis CRASHES DOWN on top of her, SMASHING HER t powder and DRIVING her into the ground. Imhotep SHRIEKS in rage and horror, then turns and angril heads for Jonathan. Jonathan, sitting on his ass, quickly backpedals on his hands and heels. O'Connell leaps to his feet, sword in hand and runs for  Imhotep. Imhotep grabs Jonathan, lifts him up, rips the g Book Of The Living out of his hand and pins him to a wall O'Connell runs up and swings his sword at Imhotep, -- WAP SLICES Imhotep's right arm off. It drops to the ground, s clutching The Book Of The Living. Imhotep drops Jonathan spins around, facing O'Connell. O'Connell grins.
100) 43) text: Imhotep grabs O'Connell with his left arm and THROWS him  half way across the cemetery. O'Connell SLAMS into a  gravestone, bounces off and crashes to the ground. He sha it off.
100) 45) text: Imhotep is already striding towards him. Jonathan lifts u his hand, -- HE HAS THE KEY/BOX BACK! He smiles at Evelyn
100) 47) text: Evelyn runs for Jonathan. O'Connell SWINGS his sword and CLEAVES a big chunk of mol flesh rot out of Imhotep's stomach. On the outside, Imhot looks human, but on the inside he is still a rotten old m Imhotep BACKHANDS O'Connell. Knocks him twenty feet back. O'Connell staggers to his feet. Imhotep is right there. C him hard with his left arm. O'Connell spins through the a SLAMS into the side of a mausoleum. Imhotep approaches, r in his eyes. O'Connell gets up, quickly pivots and HACKS  into Imhotep's head. Imhotep grins and PUNCHES O'Connell the face. O'Connell is thrown back, pulling his sword wit him. He bounces hard off the mausoleum. Lands on his feet. Totally beat-to-shit. Knees buckling. He can barely stand Jonathan lifts up the heavy gold book, -- Imhotep's sever hand still clings to it. Jonathan cringes in disgust. Eve yanks it off, throws it away, then start furiously workin the key into the series of locks, unlocking each of them. Imhotep strides forward. O'Connell backs into the mausole swings the sword, Imhotep tries to catch it, -- it CLEAVE through his palm and deeply imbeds itself into his forear No matter, Imhotep rips the sword away from O'Connell and casually flings it away. The golden Book Of The Living opens with a HISS. Jonathan holds it tight as Evelyn quickly turns the heavy gold pag looking for something. O'Connell turns to run, but Imhotep grabs him by the thro and lifts him off his feet. O'Connell hangs there, a daze mess. Imhotep grins, says something in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN,  then starts to strangle O'Connell. O'Connell chokes. Abou to die. Evelyn turns and faces Imhotep and reads an inscription:
100) 49) text: Imhotep pivots and looks at Evelyn, a look of sheer terro on his face. Then he looks over at the detritus bog. Whic starts to BUBBLE and SHIFT. The SWIRLING HOLE begins to o And then suddenly THE SPIRITS OF THE EGYPTIAN GODS waft o of the black bog and SWIRL around the Priest-mummies. The mummies all collapse and turn to dust. And then the spiri attack Imhotep. Lifting him and O'Connell up into the air Imhotep lets go of O'Connell, who falls to the ground. Evelyn and Jonathan fearfully stumble away from the spiri Jonathan trips and falls and accidentally throws The Book The Living into the detritus bog. Evelyn watches as the g book sinks into the black putrescence. Jonathan looks lik he's about to cry. Ten feet off the ground, the spirits SWIRL around Imhotep body, TWISTING IT and TURNING IT and slowly SHRIVELING IT Accompanied by the same strange FLASHING LIGHT we saw at beginning of the movie when Anck-su-namun was cursed. One last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND, and Imho is spit out and thrown to the floor. He staggers to his f he looks perfectly normal. His body is completely intact. O'Connell swings his sword. Imhotep jerks back. The sword scrapes Imhotep's chest, -- a swath of blood appears acro Imhotep's chest where the sword hit him. Imhotep touches blood on his chest, amazed and horrified. He's mortal. O'Connell runs Imhotep through with the sword and shoves backwards. Imhotep stumbles back and falls into the detri bog. The sword still in his stomach. Evelyn and Jonathan run up next to O'Connell. They watch Imhotep gently sinks into the fetid swamp, slowly dying. then, just before his head goes under, Imhotep looks up a them, grins broadly, and says something in ANCIENT EGYPTI Evelyn translates:
100) 51) text: Imhotep's grinning face vanishes under the black bile.