10) 2) dialog: Drunkard? Fool? Rat-bastard? Please  call me something original.
10) 3) text: Meet JONATHAN CARNARVON. As he crawls out of the sarcopha Evelyn pulls a cigarette out of the mummy's mouth.
10) 5) dialog: Right now, I only wish to join them.
10) 8) dialog: My dear, sweet, baby sister, I'll  have you know, that at this moment  my career is on a high note.
10) 11) text: Jonathan excitedly starts scrounging around in his jacket
10) 12) dialog: Oh yes I do! I have something right  here!
10) 14) text: Jonathan pulls out a small, ancient BOX; the collapsed KE to Imhotep's sarcophagus and coffin. Evelyn is instantly  curious, she grabs the box out of his hand.
10) 16) text: Jonathan knows her weaknesses, gives her a mischievous sm
10) 17) dialog: On a dig, down in Thebes.
10) 18) text: Evelyn rolls the box around in her hands, mumbling to her as she translates the hieratics and hieroglyphs covering Jonathan licks his lips in anticipation.
10) 19) dialog: My whole life I've never found  anything, Evy. Tell me I've found  something.
10) 22) dialog: Yes?
11) 3) text: Jonathan leans in from across the desk.
11) 4) dialog: Two questions. Who the hell is Seti  the First? And was he rich?
11) 6) dialog: Alright, good, that's good. I like  this fellow, like him very much.
11) 11) dialog: Are we talking about the Hamunaptra?
11) 13) dialog: Right, right, in a big underground  treasure chamber. Everybody knows  the story. The entire necropolis was  rigged to sink into the sand. On  Pharaoh's command, a flick of the  switch! And the whole place could  disappear beneath the dunes.
11) 17) text: The map 'accidentally,' CATCHES ON FIRE. The Curator thro it to the floor. Jonathan drops to his knees and quickly  puts it out. Lifts it up. The left third of the map is no missing.
11) 18) dialog: You burned it! You burned off the  part with the lost city!
11) 20) dialog: (devastated) You killed my map.
12) 0) text: Cairo prison. One of the worst hell holes on earth. Every low-life form of scumbag can be found here. The WARDEN, a first rate scumbag himself, escorts Evelyn and Jonathan a the gallows courtyard. Evelyn whispers to Jonathan.
12) 2) dialog: I was mistaken.
12) 4) dialog: I lie to everybody, what makes you  so special?
12) 6) dialog: That just makes you more gullible.
12) 8) dialog: Picked his pocket, actually.
13) 0) text: The Warden ushers Evelyn and Jonathan into the holding pe
13) 7) dialog: (cringing) Way to go, Evy.
13) 11) dialog: She's my sister, actually.
13) 21) text: Evelyn and Jonathan quickly look around, hoping the guard didn't hear him. They step closer. Evelyn plays coy.
13) 24) text: Evelyn is dumbstruck. But Jonathan looks suspicious
13) 25) dialog: How do we know that's not a load of  pig swallow?
13) 26) text: O'Connell looks closer at Jonathan, a glint of recognitio
13) 28) dialog: Um, well, you see...
15) 6) text: Now we see all of GIZA PORT: Team of explorers swarm the  docks. Across the Nile, the PYRAMIDS spike the sky. Evely and Jonathan walk along the boardwalk besieged by HAWKERS selling everything from toy tombs to King Tut action figu
15) 8) dialog: Undoubtedly, I know the breed, he  may be a cowboy, but his word is his  word.
15) 13) text: Jonathan grabs O'Connell's arm and shakes his hand.
15) 14) dialog: Smashing day for the start of an  adventure, eh, O'Connell?
15) 26) text: O'Connell takes her bags and heads up the gangplank and o the same passenger barge that Beni and the Americans are Evelyn's eyes follow him, a bit wistfully. Jonathan sees
15) 27) dialog: Yes, yes, you're right, filthy, rude,  a complete scoundrel, nothing to  like there at all.
15) 28) text: Evelyn gives him a look. Jonathan just grins. And that's  when the warden suddenly brushes past, tipping his ragged hat.
15) 32) text: And up the plank he goes. Evelyn and Jonathan share a loo WE GO WIDE AGAIN: as the barge pulls out and heads down t Nile. WE TILT UP: to the SUN, which then DISSOLVES into -
17) 0) text: Jonathan and the three Americans are playing poker. O'Con comes out a door carrying a GUNNY-SACK.
17) 1) dialog: Sit down, O'Connell, sit down, we  could use another good player.
17) 12) dialog: I say, what a coincidence, why --
17) 13) text: O'Connell 'accidentally' hits him in the ribs with the  gunnysack, shutting him up. Jonathan quickly covers.
17) 14) dialog: -- whose deal is it? Is it my deal?  I thought I just dealt?
19) 17) dialog: EVY!!
19) 19) dialog: Hey that's mine --
19) 20) text: It's Hook. His backside is now ON FIRE. He lifts his pist Jonathan quickly backpedals out the door as Hook OPENS FI
21) 0) text: Jonathan runs out onto the bow, sees the three Americans, guns in every hand, fanning their pistols, SHOOTING every in sight. Jonathan just shakes his head.
21) 1) dialog: Americans.
21) 2) text: Hook suddenly stumbles up behind him, -- now a FLAMING TO Jonathan turns around, Hook grabs him by the throat with FLAMING ARM and pins him to the cabin wall. Jonathan's ey widen as he sees a hook rising up inside the FLAMES about strike him. The Americans pivot and OPEN FIRE. Blows Hook over the railing. Jonathan turns to the Americans and smi
21) 3) dialog: I say! Good show!
21) 5) dialog: And did I panic?
21) 7) dialog: I think not.
21) 14) dialog: I can't believe the price of these  fleabags.
21) 16) dialog: Yes, awfully tempting, wasn't it?
21) 21) dialog: Never did like camels. Filthy buggers.  They smell, they bite, they spit.  Disgusting.
22) 0) text: The dawning sun hasn't yet crested the distant horizon as Jonathan and the Warden ride alongside a giant sand dune.
22) 1) dialog: And you snore!
22) 3) dialog: All night you snored!
22) 11) dialog: What in bloody hell is this?
22) 21) text: O'Connell and Beni just stare out at the flat nothingness Evelyn and Jonathan share a look. And then, the SUN start to rise in the distance, breaking the flat horizon.
22) 30) text: Evelyn and Jonathan give O'Connell anxious, sarcastic loo
22) 31) dialog: Ah, begging your pardon, but shouldn't  we be going?
22) 35) text: And then suddenly, the volcano SHIFTS ACROSS THE HORIZON. Passing across the sun as it goes. It's a MIRAGE. The Americans crash their horses to a stop and race the o way, after the volcano. Evelyn and Jonathan smile, amazed The volcano SHIFTS AGAIN, floating across the watery hori The Americans crash to a stop again and chase after the  volcano. All three of them confused and CURSING. O'Connel and Beni just stare, waiting. The volcano SHIFTS AGAIN. A the Americans crash to a stop again. Burns is THROWN from his horse. Henderson angrily rips his hat off and chucks to the ground. Daniels just curses as they give up the ch The volcano comes to a stop on the far left of the horizo The Americans are on the far right. Nothing moves. A BEAT And then O'Connell grins. So does Beni. They share a look And then SWAT their camels and RACE AWAY. Everybody else  hauls-ass after them. O'Connell and Beni are neck-and-nec And then Evelyn comes galloping up, hair flying in the wi Beni takes out his camel whip and starts WHIPPING O'Conne Trying to knock him off his camel. once. CRACK! Twice. CR But on the third try O'Connell grabs the whip and JERKS B off his camel. Beni SLAMS to the ground and TUMBLES. Evelyn and O'Connell race across the desert. Evelyn has n felt so alive. She LAUGHS. O'Connell grins; he likes this girl. Beni stumbles to his feet, then quickly dances out the way as Jonathan and all the other riders stampede pas him. Evelyn beats O'Connell to the stone ramp, racing har
25) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and the Warden are working ne to a narrow CREVICE, which weaves it's way through the ru O'Connell ties a rope around a pillar and throws the rest the coils into the crevice, about to rappel down. Jonatha bends over to have a look, his ass hits something, he YEL and backs away. It's the decrepit FACE OF ANUBIS.
25) 1) dialog: That thing gives me the creeps.
26) 0) text: O'Connell waves a TORCH as Jonathan, Evelyn and the warde drop down next to him. Evelyn peers into the spooky darkn
26) 4) dialog: And it stinks to high heaven in here.
26) 7) text: Jonathan sniffs the foul air, then he looks at the warden and realizes where the smell is coming from. He stops  sniffing. Evelyn brushes COBWEBS away from a METAL DISK on the wall then repositions it on it's pedestal, aiming it at a RAY LIGHT shining in from the outer mirrors. -- THE RAY OF LI
26) 14) text: O'Connell quickly draws his gun. Jonathan gently nudges h
26) 15) dialog: Mummies, my good son, this is where  they made the mummies.
27) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch as they make their through a narrow, COBWEB INFESTED LABYRINTH. The short, s warden can stand straight up. Then they hear something an freeze. It sounds like somebody is clawing inside the wal They share looks. Then slowly move forward. Getting darke and darker as they go. The strange sound getting louder a louder. And then it stops. Evelyn holds her breath. Jonat licks his lips. O'Connell cocks his pistol. The warden FA O'Connell, Jonathan and Evelyn glare at him.
27) 10) text: Jonathan clenches a tiny derringer.
27) 11) dialog: Yes, me too.
27) 14) text: Evelyn pulls O'Connell away. Jonathan and the Warden foll Beni and the Americans slowly lower their guns, laughing. The Egyptologist excitedly begins translating the hierogl
28) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan are using sledge-hammers against t ceiling. Evelyn is gently chipping away with a tiny chise
28) 2) dialog: And when those dirty Yanks go to  sleep -- (looks at O'Connell) No offense.
28) 4) dialog: We'll sneak up and steal that book  right out from under them.
28) 7) text: Jonathan looks around.
28) 8) dialog: I say, what's our smelly little friend  got himself up to?
31) 2) dialog: OWCH! That's really got to hurt.
31) 4) dialog: Still...
31) 7) text: And that's when a huge chunk of the roof suddenly GIVES O O'Connell GRABS Evelyn and JERKS her clear. Jonathan DIVE for the far wall. A MASSIVE STONE CASEMENT DROPS OUT OF T CEILING AND CRASHES to the floor. DUST FLIES. Fills the r
35) 0) text: Our Heroes clear the dirt off the top of the sarcophagus, revealing a single, ominous hieroglyph. Evelyn stares at Jonathan impatiently strums his fingers across the lid.
35) 1) dialog: Well?... Who is it?
35) 7) dialog: Whoever's in here, sure wasn't getting  out.
35) 11) text: Evelyn starts rummaging through the pack on Jonathan's ba
35) 13) text: Evelyn pulls out the key/box. Jonathan tries to take it b
35) 14) dialog: Hey that's mine!
36) 0) text: The Warden is SCREAMING and dancing insanely around the  labyrinth, totally freaked from the extreme pain in his h O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan run up just as the Warden  starts RIPPING his own hair out of his head. O'Connell an Jonathan grab at the Warden's hands, but he's far too cra he shoves them aside, runs full bore down the length of t labyrinth and SLAMS his head straight into a rock wall. T Warden drops to the ground. Dead as lead. Eyes wide open. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan just stand there staring,  breathing hard, wide-eyed themselves...
37) 0) text: Evelyn and Jonathan are nuzzled up to a campfire.
37) 2) dialog: Did you ever see him eat?
37) 7) dialog: Maybe this place really is cursed.
37) 8) text: A GUST OF WIND blows through the camp. The campfire FLICKERS O'Connell and Jonathan share a nerv look. Evelyn laughs.
37) 14) text: Jonathan opens the Warden's POUCH, the one that held the  scarabs. He reaches in, starts scrounging around. WE SLOW PUSH IN. Waiting for the attack. THE MUSIC BUILDS. And th Jonathan SCREAMS in pain and RIPS his hand back out of th pouch. O'Connell and Evelyn both jump.
37) 16) text: Jonathan sucks his finger, then reaches back into the pou and pulls out a LIQUOR BOTTLE, the top has been chipped o
37) 17) dialog: Seagrams!
37) 18) text: Jonathan smiles at the bottle, then turns the pouch insid out and shakes it, nothing but SAND is inside it.
37) 19) dialog: Well, he may have been a stinky  fellow,... but he had good taste.
37) 20) text: Jonathan takes a swig. O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, guilti And then O'Connell suddenly kneels down and sticks his ea to the sand. Evelyn and Jonathan watch him. A BEAT. And t a BARAGE OF GUNFIRE IS HEARD coming from the American cam O'Connell jumps up and throws the elephant gun to Evelyn.
37) 22) text: He takes off running through the ruins. Evelyn immediatel gets up and runs after him. Jonathan grabs a gun, holds t bottle of Seagrams; tight and dashes after her.
37) 23) dialog: Evy! Excuse me! But didn't the man  just say -- !
38) 7) text: Ardeth Ray gallops through the camp, cutting Diggers down with his scimitar. O'Connell runs up on top of some rocks LEAPS OUT and TACKLES him off his horse. The two men SLAM the ground. O'Connell spins up onto one knee and FIRES, p blank. Blows the scimitar out of Ardeth Ray's hand. O'Con is about to shoot again when a horse rides up between the A scimitar swoops down, almost takes O'Connell's head off misses him by an inch. O'Connell leaps up and blows the R off his mount. The horse BOLTS. -- But Ardeth Ray is gone Evelyn hides behind some rocks, watching the scene, sudde she hears something coming up behind her and spins around A vicious tattooed Mumia Rider races at her. Evelyn quick backpedals over the rocks, terrified. The Mumia Rider rai his scimitar, about to strike. Evelyn SCREAMS, trips over a rock and FIRES the elephant  gun, -- BLAM! Blows the Rider off his mount and CATAPULTS him twenty feet back into some ruins. At the same time, the kick blows Evelyn off her feet and  over a ridge. She FLAILS through the air and lands in a s dune. Jonathan and some Diggers are holding their own near the  temple door. Four Riders come CHARGING right at them. Jonathan takes a swig off the Seagrams.
38) 8) dialog: Let 'em have it, boys!
38) 9) text: Jonathan and the Diggers OPEN FIRE. When the smoke clears the Riders are either dead or gone. Jonathan grins.
38) 10) dialog: I say, bloody good show.
38) 11) text: And then several more Mumia leap off the temple and land  behind them. Jonathan and the remaining Diggers spin arou and suddenly find themselves in hand-to-hand combat. O'Connell is quickly loading his pistol. He hears somethi THUNDERING UP behind him. He spins around just as Ardeth on a horse swings his scimitar. O'Connell instinctively r his hands to protect his face, the scimitar STRIKES! Hits his gun, -- CHING! O'Connell's gun flips away. Disar O'Connell dives and rolls and suddenly comes up with a st of dynamite in his hand. He shoves the fuse into a fire. IGNITES. He faces Ardeth Ray, towering above him. The two men lock eyes. The fuse continues to burn down. Ardeth Ra points his scimitar at O'Connell's head.
39) 0) text: Jonathan falls into FRAME. Hits the ground. Eyes wide ope Mouth agape. Clearly dead. A BEAT. And then his eyes clos and his mouth widens into a goofy smile. Shit-faced drunk O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, both half-in-the-bag themselv the bottle of Seagrams is almost gone. O'Connell offers t bottle to Evelyn, she waves it away, slurring badly --
40) 0) text: Evelyn's HAND slips the KEY into the sarcophagus, lock an turns it. A series of STRANGE MECHANICAL-LIKE SOUNDS are  heard, and then the sarcophagus unlocks with a GIANT HISS O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan all look very, very hungov They start to slide the heavy lid off the sarcophagus. PUSHING, SHOVING and GROANING, the lid budging, inch by i
40) 2) dialog: Don't blame me, I don't even remember  being there.
42) 5) text: O'Connell and Jonathan are too excited to care.
42) 7) dialog: Yes, I'm all tears, now let's see  who's inside, shall we?
42) 8) text: Evelyn can't believe these guys. Jonathan inserts the key into the coffin's lock. Turns it. The lid cracks open wit HISS. They all react to the FOUL STENCH. Then O'Connell g the lid. It's stuck. He pulls with all his might. Jonatha helps him. It starts to give way. Slowly. Slowly. Slooooo And then it suddenly POPS OPEN and THE MOST HIDEOUS, MAGG
42) 10) dialog: AHHHHH!!!
44) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan slowly creep forward and  carefully look back inside Imhotep's coffin, creeped-out.
44) 3) dialog: Juicy?
44) 12) text: Jonathan shivers. O'Connell looks around.
44) 14) dialog: What are you going to do? Shoot him?
46) 0) text: The two camps have now joined together. O'Connell and Ben are roasting chunks of hairy meat over a fire. Jonathan  wrinkles his nose, disgusted by the smell.
46) 1) dialog: What is this stuff? It smells like  our late friend, the Warden.
46) 2) text: O'Connell and Beni both grin. Jonathan looks horrified.
46) 3) dialog: You did not!?... We're not!?
46) 13) text: O'Connell and Jonathan stare at the bug skeletons, disgus
46) 16) dialog: He certainly was not a popular fellow  when they planted him.
46) 24) dialog: Let's see, there was frogs, flies,  locusts...
46) 28) dialog: And my personal favorite: people  covered in boils and sores.
49) 2) text: He skids to a stop as a strange, piercing WHINE is heard, coming from out in the desert. O'Connell and the others a leap to their feet. The Americans run out of their tents. The SOUND gets LOUDER and CLOSER. And then from out of th darkness a HUGE WALL OF LOCUSTS SWIRLS into camp and enve everyone. O'Connell grabs Evelyn, and with Jonathan at th side they race for the crevice, trying to fend off the ho vermin as they go. Beni and the Americans run for the tem The Egyptologist is covered in locusts. He stares at The  Book Of The Dead, looking haunted.
50) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan race down the labyrinth,  slapping at themselves and picking locusts out of their h
50) 1) dialog: Did you see that!? Grasshoppers!  Billions of grasshoppers!
52) 0) text: The ground under O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan starts to SHAKE. Then suddenly, right in front of them, -- HUNDREDS CHITTERING SCARAB BEETLES BOIL UP OUT OF THE SAND. Start  scurrying towards them. Evelyn SCREAMS. Jonathan SCREAMS. Even O'Connell almost screams. They turn around and haul  ass.
53) 6) dialog: EVY!?
53) 15) text: O'Connell and Jonathan join them as they hear the herd of CHITTERING scarabs coming their way. The Digger suddenly  trips and falls. O'Connell slows down, about to go back a help him. But it's too late. The Digger SCREAMS in horror the herd of scarabs run over him, eating straight through him, leaving behind the Digger's half eaten skeleton. Dan Henderson and Jonathan react in horror. O'Connell's alrea running, races right past them. The others turn and haul  ass.
54) 0) text: SAND and WIND whip through the ruins as O'Connell and Eve stumble up out of the crevice and COME FACE-TO-FACE WITH ARMED MUMIA. The Mumia quickly raise their guns. O'Connel and Evelyn quickly raise their hands. Jonathan, Henderson Daniels and the Egyptologist are already on their knees,  hands over their heads. Ardeth Ray steps forward.
56) 4) dialog: You're not going to kill us?
56) 5) text: Evelyn ELBOWS Jonathan in the ribs.
57) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan boost Evelyn up onto a camel. Dani and Henderson throw Burns up onto another. The Egyptologi still clutching The Book Of The Dead, gets up on yet anot They all head off into the dark, windblown desert... And then in the extreme foreground, A SKELETAL HAND SUDDE
61) 2) text: The tough customers shove him away. Winston staggers over O'Connell and Jonathan at the bar, not missing a beat.
61) 7) text: Jonathan shoves him towards another group of unlucky sods Henderson and Daniels sidle up to the bar next to them. Burns, now tongue-less, talks with a severe impediment.
62) 0) text: Three shot glasses clink together. O'Connell, Jonathan an Henderson slug 'em down, -- all three of them instantly S OUT the liquid. Half the bar SPITS OUT their drinks as we
62) 4) dialog: "And the rivers and waters of Egypt  went red and were as blood."
62) 8) dialog: Who's here!?
65) 4) text: Imhotep keeps coming. O'Connell OPENS FIRE. BLASTING Imho Bullets RIP through his body. Imhotep doesn't seem to min Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels run into the room. They'r all stunned at the sight of Imhotep. O'Connell steps forward, throws a RIGHT HOOK, punches Imh in the face, -- HIS FIST GOES THROUGH IMHOTEP'S SKULL AND GETS STUCK DEEP INSIDE HIS HEAD. O'Connell stares at it,  shocked, then quickly YANKS his fist back out. The area o Imhotep's face that came into contact with O'Connell's fi quickly DEGENERATES and DECAYS, right down to the bone, a if O'Connell's hand instantly infected it. Imhotep angrily turns, grabs O'Connell, and with no effor THROWS him across the room and into Jonathan and the othe knocking them down. Imhotep looks at his hand, the one th just grabbed O'Connell, -- IT STARTS TO SHRIVEL and DECAY He quickly turns to Evelyn. Evelyn backs away into a wall terrorized. Imhotep steps up to her.
65) 6) text: He leans in, about to kiss her with his decayed face. And that's when a WHITE CAT jumps onto the piano, HISSING Imhotep SHRIEKS. The balcony doors BLOW OPEN. Imhotep spi into a BLAST OF WIND AND SAND and SWIRLS out the doors. G O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and Daniels stand transfixed. Henderson kneels next to Burns, shriveled body, horrified
66) 0) text: O'Connell, Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels follow Evelyn  across the Ramesseum.
67) 14) text: Jonathan scratches his ear with the barrel of his pistol.
67) 15) dialog: This is not good. Not good at all.
67) 19) dialog: "...and he stretched forth his hands  towards the heavens, and there was  darkness throughout the land of  Egypt."
69) 0) text: Evelyn and Jonathan are pacing the foyer
69) 17) text: Jonathan swallows hard and points to himself.
69) 18) dialog: Me?
69) 22) text: Beni spins around. O'Connell and Jonathan stand in the do
69) 37) text: O'Connell looks at Jonathan. Beni seizes the moment and K O'Connell in the balls. O'Connell doubles over and collap Beni leaps out the window. Jonathan cringes.
69) 38) dialog: That looked rather painful.
69) 40) dialog: Yes, I know, I do that to people.
69) 41) text: And that's when they hear a BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM coming  from down in the bazaar. O'Connell and Jonathan scramble the window and look out --
70) 0) text: Down in the bazaar, people are SCREAMING and quickly back away from the SHRIVELED CORPSE OF THE EGYPTOLOGIST. A partially decayed HAND reaches down and takes the sacre canopic jar out of the Egyptologist's shriveled hand. It' Imhotep, having regenerated even further. He looks up and catches eyes with O'Connell. Imhotep grins, then UNHINGES his jaw, his mouth stretches to an inhuman size, and then huge SWARM OF FLIES comes out of his mouth and races stra up at O'Connell and Jonathan. They both SLAM the shutters The flies SLAM into the closed window and immediately spr throughout the bazaar. Sending people SCREAMING and runni
70) 3) dialog: And then he'll be coming after Evy.
72) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan race into the foyer and skid to a  stop as they see Henderson's shriveled body on the floor. O'Connell runs up to Evelyn's door and rattles the knob,  still locked. He bends down and looks in through the KEYH
72) 7) text: He throws the white cat at Imhotep. Imhotep instinctively catches it. He SHRIEKS, drops the cat and stumbles back towards the  window, -- which suddenly BLOWS OPEN. Imhotep spins like dervish and BURSTS INTO A WHIRLWIND OF SAND. Everybody covers their eyes. The Imhotep/sand-devil EXPLO out the window and vanishes over the compound. Jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking bad O'Connell hugs Evelyn as she wipes her mouth in disgust. Daniels walks in, looks at Henderson's shriveled body on floor... and drops the martini glasses.
73) 0) text: Jonathan races his big convertible through the streets,  HONKING constantly. Evelyn sits between him and O'Connell looking scared and nervous, then she gives O'Connell a lo
75) 0) text: O'Connell., Jonathan, Daniels, the Curator and Ardeth Ray follow Evelyn as she strides through the museum.
75) 5) dialog: And now he's going to use it to bring  his girlfriend back
77) 7) dialog: What?
78) 0) text: Jonathan sneaks out of some bushes and quickly heads for convertible. Suddenly, a splinter group of the diseased m comes around the side of the museum. Jonathan instantly b his eyes out, starts drooling, and begins CHANTING --
78) 1) dialog: Anck-su-namun! Anck-su-namun!
78) 2) text: The crazed group runs past him and heads into the front d of the museum. Jonathan leaps into the convertible, fires up and 180's it back over to the bushes. O'Connell, Evelyn, Daniels, Ardeth Ray and the Curator ju inside the car. Beni steps out of the museum and sees the
79) 0) text: The convertible hauls ass down the narrow bazaar street. Crazies start jumping out of stalls and LEAPING onto the  car. O'Connell and the others fight them off, throwing th overboard. More people JUMP on. Jonathan SWERVES the car, CRASHES through some stalls, knocking them off, but not b they manage to open the back door and YANK Daniels out. H TUMBLES across the pavement. Gets up SHOOTING. Backs into corner, FIRING his pistol into the hideous rabble, killin several, keeping them at bay. His gun goes empty, CLICK!  CLICK! CLICK! But the mob stays back, looking at him like rabid vultures. Daniels eyes them, filled with fear. The mob parts like the red sea as Imhotep walks through t and up to Daniels. Daniels whimpers in fear, tears pour d his cheeks. Then he gets an idea, reaches into his pocket and pulls out his jewel encrusted SACRED CANOPIC JAR. He  holds it out for Imhotep. Imhotep takes it and grins. Thr his tears, Daniels grins back, hopeful that he'll be spar WE CUT WIDE: Somewhere in the middle of the crazed, disea mob, we hear Daniels give out A BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM...
80) 0) text: The convertible slowly motors down the narrow alleys. WE  DOLLY across the hood of the car from Jonathan to Evelyn O'Connell. Ardeth Ray and the Curator are still in the ba All of them staring out the front windshield. Freaked-out Then suddenly one of the hideous ghouls CRASHES through t windshield! Everybody SCREAMS. Jonathan hits the gas, los control, the car SLAMS into a wall. O'Connell grabs Evely
80) 14) text: Evelyn looks back at Imhotep, then starts to reach out to take his hand. Both O'Connell and Jonathan move to stop h but Ardeth Ray grabs them both and holds them tight.
80) 27) text: Imhotep suddenly notices something. He reaches forward an RIPS THE KEY/BOX OUT OF JONATHAN'S UPPER JACKET POCKET.
80) 28) dialog: Hey that's mine -- !
80) 29) text: Ardeth Ray holds Jonathan back. Imhotep pulls Evelyn away O'Connell can't take it anymore, he tries to break free o Ardeth Ray's grip.
80) 41) text: But the rabid vultures are already moving in for the kill O'Connell quickly bends down, pulls open a CISTERN/MANHOL COVER and shoves Jonathan down inside it, then jumps in a him. The Curator pushes Ardeth Ray towards the cistern ho
81) 0) text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray slosh their way down t watery catacomb, crazies pouring in behind them. Up ahead LIGHT suddenly shines in from another cistern hole, and t more of the infected crowd drop down, SCREECHING like rat O'Connell jags right, pushing Jonathan and Ardeth Ray ahe of him, he strikes a match off the wall, lights the nubby fuse on a stick of dynamite, throws it, and runs like hel FIRE BLAST incinerates a bunch of crazies.
82) 2) dialog: I'm with you, old man. No one touches  my sister like that and gets away  with it.
82) 6) text: Jonathan looks worried.
82) 7) dialog: And what ritual would that be?
82) 9) dialog: And how does one do that?
82) 11) dialog: Oh yes, of course.
82) 13) dialog: Excuse me?
82) 16) text: Jonathan taps him in the shoulder.
82) 17) dialog: Begging your pardon, but I wasn't  quite clear on that last part.
82) 20) dialog: Did you say 'kill' my sister?
82) 23) text: And on that WE SMASH CUT TO -- THE ERFOUD DUNES - DAWN  Jonathan's bashed-in convertible steams it's way up to a of semi-abandoned Quonset huts. A single WWI BIPLANE with R.A.F. INSIGNIAS sits in the sand beside them. A SIGN REA
83) 0) text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray stand before Winston  Havlock, the massive dunes of Erfoud as our background.
83) 8) dialog: Everybody else we've bumped into has  died, why not you?
84) 0) text: The WIND whips at Winston in the cockpit. O'Connell sits the gunner's compartment. Jonathan is strapped spread-eag across the left wing, Ardeth Ray is tied tight to the rig Both men are scared out of their wits and SCREAMING in fe
85) 5) text: The biplane SPINS inside the BLOWING SAND. Engines ROARIN Wind HOWLING. Jonathan and Ardeth Ray SCREAMING. Winston  Havlock LAUGHING.
86) 0) text: The biplane SMASHES over a dune, ROLLS OVER and CRASHES u down into another dune. The SAND SWIRLS as O'Connell fall out of the gunner's compartment. The left wing is jammed  into the dune, Jonathan hangs upside down.
86) 1) dialog: Excuse me... A little help would be  useful... IF IT'S NOT TOO MUCH  TROUBLE!!
86) 2) text: O'Connell goes to help Jonathan. Ardeth Ray stumbles over the gunner's compartment and tears the Lewis gun off it's mount. He throws the machine-gun over one shoulder, a  cartridge belt over the other and staggers away. O'Connel and Jonathan look into the cockpit. Winston Havlock is de A smile on his face. The plane suddenly starts to move, t sand sinks under their feet, they quickly high-tail-it aw O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray make it to some rocks look back. The biplane, with Winston Havlock inside, slid away over a dune. O'Connell gives it a salute. The plane  vanishes over the dune and into the SWIRLING SAND...
86) 5) dialog: He's a big fellow with pointy ears  and a face like a falcon.
87) 0) text: O'Connell and Ardeth Ray are busy digging out a collapsed doorway. Jonathan notices an AMETHYST SCARAB on the far w
87) 1) dialog: I say, look at that.
87) 3) dialog: Say, gents! You should come have a  look at this.
87) 4) text: The wiggling continues; a long, agonizing BEAT, and then scarab breaks out of it's cocoon and instantly BURROWS in Jonathan's palm. Jonathan starts to freak out and SCREAM. O'Connell runs up and rips the arm off Jonathan's shirt. scarab is now BURROWING UP JONATHAN'S ARM. O'Connell whip out his butterfly-knife, snaps it open and grabs Jonathan arm. Jonathan's eyes widen in terror as the knife passes front of his face. Jonathan SCREAMS LOUDER, obviously bei cut open. O'Connell's hand flicks something away. The scarab hits the floor and immediately starts scurryin back towards Jonathan, wanting to finish the job. O'Connell pulls out his gun and blows it away, -- BLAM!
89) 0) text: O'Connell helps Ardeth Ray mend Jonathan's wound.
89) 2) text: Jonathan swallows hard and nods vigorously.
94) 0) text: The elephant gun FIRES, blasting FLAME and SMOKE right in the LENS. O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray race down a  passageway, a dozen mummies striding after them.
94) 6) dialog: There he is!
94) 8) dialog: Hello Horus old boy.
96) 0) text: O'Connell and Jonathan are digging away at the seams of t secret compartment, it starts to give. And that's when Ar Ray spots another group of rotting mummies coming down th dark passageway, heading right for them. O'Connell looks
96) 4) text: O'Connell and Jonathan redouble their efforts, pulling ha on the seam. The compartment starts to loosen. About to g The last time this happened, salt acid sprayed out, remem Our heroes keep tugging. The tension mounts... And that's when a SKELETAL HAND BURSTS UP OUT OF THE GROU and grabs O'Connell's ankle. Several more moldy hands BUR up out of the ground. O'Connell and Jonathan struggle wit the mummies as they crawl up out of the dirt floor. One of the mummies violently shoves O'Connell away. Anoth grabs Jonathan by the throat and starts to strangle him. third mummy grabs at the secret compartment and pulls har
98) 0) text: Ardeth Ray BLASTS AWAY at the oncoming mummies. over at t base of the statue, O'Connell and Jonathan pull an ornate chest out of the secret compartment. O'Connell rips off t lid, reaches inside and pulls out a heavy burlap bag. He and Jonathan exchange nervous, excited looks. Then he  reaches into the bag and slowly pulls out the SOLID GOLD  Book Of The Living -- GOLDEN LIGHT reflects off their fac as they stare at it in wonder. The elephant gun goes empty. Ardeth Ray takes it by the b and wades into the remaining mummies swinging.
98) 2) text: The mummies quickly overwhelm and start to tear him apart O'Connell lights the last stick of dynamite and throws it against the far wall. He and Jonathan hit the deck.
98) 4) text: The wall BLOWS. Debris COLLAPSES, -- but now here's a hol for them to get out. O'Connell and Jonathan race out thro the hole just as the remaining mummies enter the chamber.
100) 2) text: He raises it up over Evelyn's chest, about to plunge it d Evelyn's eyes widen in horror. And that's when O'Connell Jonathan BURST IN. Imhotep spins around and faces them. Jonathan beams as he holds up the golden Book Of The Livi
100) 3) dialog: I found it, Evy! I found it
100) 8) text: O'Connell RACKS and CHOPS at the attacking Priest-mummies fighting his way to Evelyn. The skeletal creatures wildly SWING their swords, trying to STAB O'Connell. Jonathan fu with the book, struggling to open it, -- he can't.
100) 9) dialog: I can't open it! It's locked or  something!
100) 10) text: O'Connell CUTS two of the mummies in half, then swings hi sword down at Evelyn, -- CLANG! One chain breaks free. Jonathan spots a series of SOLID GOLD, FOUR-SIDED LOCKS a the binder. It hits him like lightning --
100) 11) dialog: We need the key!
100) 12) text: Imhotep grins, then grabs the KEY/BOX hanging from a chai around his neck, rips it off and shoves it into his pocke He picks up the sacrificial sword and heads for Jonathan.
100) 13) dialog: What do I do, Evy!? What do I do!?
100) 15) text: O'Connell swings his sword down again, -- CLANG! Evelyn n has one hand and one leg free. More mummies attack O'Conn force him back. Jonathan quickly starts translating the cover inscription but his ancient Egyptian is clearly awful.
100) 16) dialog: Keetash-something, naraba-something.
100) 17) text: Jonathan starts to backpedal through the cemetery, clutch the golden book; wide-eyed, as Imhotep moves in on him.
100) 18) dialog: Ebarra im hatu Kashka ummmmm -- ?
100) 19) text: Jonathan trips and falls on his ass. Imhotep CHARGES FORW O'Connell SLASHES another chain. Only one more left holdi Evelyn. Jonathan sits up and quickly looks back at the co
100) 20) dialog: Rasheem Aaaaa ANUBIS!
100) 21) text: Imhotep raises the sacrificial sword, about to kill Jonat And that's when the giant statue of Anubis suddenly CRASH through the wall -- shades of Ray Harryhausen. Only bette The god of Deaths, horrible, decrepit STONE FACE stares  angrily down. Jonathan stares back.
100) 22) dialog: Oh boy.
100) 25) text: Imhotep leaves Jonathan and heads for the giant statue. O'Connell leaps over and with one last swing of the sword frees Evelyn from her chains. More Priest-mummies attack, forcing him away. Evelyn jumps off the altar and starts t head for O'Connell, -- a SKELETAL HAND grabs her! Spins h around. It's Anck-su-namun's rotted corpse. Evelyn reacts Imhotep looks up at Anubis, points to O'Connell, and in  ANCIENT EGYPTIAN commands him to attack. Anubis moves for O'Connell, STOMPING over mausoleums and through the detri moat on his way. O'Connell quickly backs away.
100) 27) dialog: You have got to be joking?
100) 30) dialog: Oh.
100) 31) text: Anck-su-namun ATTACKS Evelyn. Evelyn fends her off as bes she can. Jonathan quickly looks back at the hieroglyphs o the book cover, fumbling badly under the pressure --
100) 32) dialog: Ummm, Hootash im... Hootash im now  what is this last symbol here?
100) 34) text: Anck-su-namun grabs Evelyn by the throat. The statue of A corners O'Connell, reaches down and GRABS him with it's  MASSIVE TALONS. O'Connell HACKS away at it. Jonathan star at the inscription, slightly oblivious.
100) 35) dialog: It's an Anck symbol, with two little  squiggly lines above it, and a bird,  a stork! on either side.
100) 38) dialog: Yes,... I see.
100) 40) dialog: Hootash im Ahmenophus!
100) 41) text: The giant statue of Anubis instantly freezes in it's trac and PETRIFIES. It's off balance. Starts to fall. O'Connel slides free of it's talons. Evelyn SHOVES Anck-su-namun a Anck-su-namun looks up and opens her fetid mouth to screa just as Anubis CRASHES DOWN on top of her, SMASHING HER t powder and DRIVING her into the ground. Imhotep SHRIEKS in rage and horror, then turns and angril heads for Jonathan. Jonathan, sitting on his ass, quickly backpedals on his hands and heels. O'Connell leaps to his feet, sword in hand and runs for  Imhotep. Imhotep grabs Jonathan, lifts him up, rips the g Book Of The Living out of his hand and pins him to a wall O'Connell runs up and swings his sword at Imhotep, -- WAP SLICES Imhotep's right arm off. It drops to the ground, s clutching The Book Of The Living. Imhotep drops Jonathan spins around, facing O'Connell. O'Connell grins.
100) 45) text: Imhotep is already striding towards him. Jonathan lifts u his hand, -- HE HAS THE KEY/BOX BACK! He smiles at Evelyn
100) 46) dialog: I got it!
100) 47) text: Evelyn runs for Jonathan. O'Connell SWINGS his sword and CLEAVES a big chunk of mol flesh rot out of Imhotep's stomach. On the outside, Imhot looks human, but on the inside he is still a rotten old m Imhotep BACKHANDS O'Connell. Knocks him twenty feet back. O'Connell staggers to his feet. Imhotep is right there. C him hard with his left arm. O'Connell spins through the a SLAMS into the side of a mausoleum. Imhotep approaches, r in his eyes. O'Connell gets up, quickly pivots and HACKS  into Imhotep's head. Imhotep grins and PUNCHES O'Connell the face. O'Connell is thrown back, pulling his sword wit him. He bounces hard off the mausoleum. Lands on his feet. Totally beat-to-shit. Knees buckling. He can barely stand Jonathan lifts up the heavy gold book, -- Imhotep's sever hand still clings to it. Jonathan cringes in disgust. Eve yanks it off, throws it away, then start furiously workin the key into the series of locks, unlocking each of them. Imhotep strides forward. O'Connell backs into the mausole swings the sword, Imhotep tries to catch it, -- it CLEAVE through his palm and deeply imbeds itself into his forear No matter, Imhotep rips the sword away from O'Connell and casually flings it away. The golden Book Of The Living opens with a HISS. Jonathan holds it tight as Evelyn quickly turns the heavy gold pag looking for something. O'Connell turns to run, but Imhotep grabs him by the thro and lifts him off his feet. O'Connell hangs there, a daze mess. Imhotep grins, says something in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN,  then starts to strangle O'Connell. O'Connell chokes. Abou to die. Evelyn turns and faces Imhotep and reads an inscription:
100) 49) text: Imhotep pivots and looks at Evelyn, a look of sheer terro on his face. Then he looks over at the detritus bog. Whic starts to BUBBLE and SHIFT. The SWIRLING HOLE begins to o And then suddenly THE SPIRITS OF THE EGYPTIAN GODS waft o of the black bog and SWIRL around the Priest-mummies. The mummies all collapse and turn to dust. And then the spiri attack Imhotep. Lifting him and O'Connell up into the air Imhotep lets go of O'Connell, who falls to the ground. Evelyn and Jonathan fearfully stumble away from the spiri Jonathan trips and falls and accidentally throws The Book The Living into the detritus bog. Evelyn watches as the g book sinks into the black putrescence. Jonathan looks lik he's about to cry. Ten feet off the ground, the spirits SWIRL around Imhotep body, TWISTING IT and TURNING IT and slowly SHRIVELING IT Accompanied by the same strange FLASHING LIGHT we saw at beginning of the movie when Anck-su-namun was cursed. One last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND, and Imho is spit out and thrown to the floor. He staggers to his f he looks perfectly normal. His body is completely intact. O'Connell swings his sword. Imhotep jerks back. The sword scrapes Imhotep's chest, -- a swath of blood appears acro Imhotep's chest where the sword hit him. Imhotep touches blood on his chest, amazed and horrified. He's mortal. O'Connell runs Imhotep through with the sword and shoves backwards. Imhotep stumbles back and falls into the detri bog. The sword still in his stomach. Evelyn and Jonathan run up next to O'Connell. They watch Imhotep gently sinks into the fetid swamp, slowly dying. then, just before his head goes under, Imhotep looks up a them, grins broadly, and says something in ANCIENT EGYPTI Evelyn translates:
102) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch-run into the treasu chamber. Evelyn skids to a stop. Looks in wonder at all t treasure. SAND rains down on them. O'Connell grabs her ag and quickly pulls her through the mounds of treasure towa a SINKING DOORWAY on the far side of the room. The SOUND the sinking walls is deafening. Beni crouch-runs into the treasure chamber. O'Connell, Ev and Jonathan race past him. He joins them as they run up staircase. Heading for a DESCENDING DOORWAY, which is alr half gone, it's now only four feet high -- now three feet high -- now two feet. Jonathan dives through the narrow g Then O'Connell dives through, he spins around. Evelyn div but gets stuck in the middle, about to get cut in half. O'Connell grabs her arm and YANKS her through in the nick time. Beni reaches through the narrowing gap with his han
103) 0) text: The temple COLLAPSES as O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and a pack of stray camels race through the ruins. A SINKING CR DROPS OUT right behind them. Chasing them out through the front gates. The whole place RUMBLES ominously. They make it down the ramp as more ruins CRASH DOWN behin them. A MASSIVE CLOUD OF SAND AND DUST billows out over t wall and into the air. our heroes and all the stray camel race out into the desert...
104) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan stand in the middle of the plateau, surrounded by stray camels. They stare off at th sandy, dusty, volcano as it continues to RUMBLE-ominously
104) 1) dialog: Well,... I guess we go home empty  handed.
104) 4) text: Evelyn returns the look, A BEAT, and then she wraps-her a around his neck and kisses him. O'Connell returns it. Jonathan just rolls his eyes, snorts in disgust and climb up onto a camel. When the kiss is over, O'Connell and Evelyn share a smile then O'Connell leaps up into the saddle, reaches down, gr Evelyn's hand and pulls her up behind him. Evelyn wraps h arms around his waist. O'Connell and Jonathan slap the re
104) 5) dialog: TUK-TUK-TUK!!
104) 6) text: The camels start to move out. WE PAN DOWN: to the saddleb behind Evelyn, hidden under the closed back flap, -- we c see that it's filled with Beni's stolen TREASURE. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan ride off into the SUNSET.