12) 0) text: Cairo prison. One of the worst hell holes on earth. Every low-life form of scumbag can be found here. The WARDEN, a first rate scumbag himself, escorts Evelyn and Jonathan a the gallows courtyard. Evelyn whispers to Jonathan.
13) 0) text: The Warden ushers Evelyn and Jonathan into the holding pe
13) 2) dialog: I did not know, so when I heard you  were coming, I asked him that myself.
13) 4) dialog: He said... he was just looking for a  good time.
13) 13) text: Evelyn is stunned and furious. The Warden heads out the d
13) 14) dialog: I'll be back in a moment.
13) 41) text: The warden enters. Evelyn quickly leans closer to O'Conne
13) 53) dialog: To be hanged.
13) 54) text: Evelyn is shocked. The warden shows-off his green teeth.
13) 55) dialog: Apparently, he had a very good time.
14) 0) text: Hundreds of filthy PRISONERS stare down onto the gallows the hangman's noose is draped over O'Connell's head and  cinched tight around his neck. Evelyn follows the warden  onto a balcony above the gallows. The prisoners all go de quiet at the sight of her; like jackals staring at fresh  meat.
14) 1) dialog: No women allowed.
14) 3) text: This seems to confuse the Warden, he shrugs and sits down O'Connell looks up as Evelyn plops down beside the Warden
14) 5) dialog: I would pay one hundred pounds just  to see him hang.
14) 7) dialog: Proceed!
14) 14) text: The Warden sets his greasy, lecherous hand on Evelyn's le
14) 15) dialog: And what else?
14) 16) text: Evelyn is revolted, she quickly shoves his hand away. Insulted, the Warden angrily turns and gestures to the  Hangman, who pulls the lever. The trapdoor DROPS AWAY.
14) 19) dialog: His neck did not break! Good! Now we  watch him strangle to death.
14) 20) text: The prisoners go ape-shit, SCREAMING and SHOUTING in ange The GUARDS look around, nervous. O'Connell struggles at t end of the rope, gagging. Evelyn is horrified, she quickl turns to the warden, leans forward and whispers in his ea
14) 22) text: The warden spins around and faces her.
14) 23) dialog: You lie.
14) 25) text: At the end of the rope, O'Connell is choking and gagging turning several shades of red. The Warden stares at Evely
14) 26) dialog: Are you saying this filthy godless  son of a pig knows where to find The  City Of The Dead? Truly?
14) 28) dialog: Fifty percent.
14) 30) dialog: Forty.
14) 34) text: The warden flashes a big green smile, then YELLS in Arabi A scimitar SLASHES the air. The rope is CUT. O'Connell CR to the ground. Half dead. Rolls over. GAGGING. All of the prisoners BURST INTO CHEERS. O'Connell looks u at Evelyn. She smiles broadly and waves down at him.
15) 28) text: Evelyn gives him a look. Jonathan just grins. And that's  when the warden suddenly brushes past, tipping his ragged hat.
15) 29) dialog: A bright good morning to all.
15) 31) dialog: I have come to protect my investment,  thank you very much.
21) 22) text: The warden savagely attacks a chicken wing with his vile  green teeth. Flies buzz around his head. He sucks at his  gums, then spits out some gristle. O'Connell watches him.
22) 0) text: The dawning sun hasn't yet crested the distant horizon as Jonathan and the Warden ride alongside a giant sand dune.
22) 2) dialog: I do not snore!
22) 4) dialog: I have never snored!
22) 12) text: The Warden shivers in fear.
22) 13) dialog: Other seekers of Hamunaptra.
25) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and the Warden are working ne to a narrow CREVICE, which weaves it's way through the ru O'Connell ties a rope around a pillar and throws the rest the coils into the crevice, about to rappel down. Jonatha bends over to have a look, his ass hits something, he YEL and backs away. It's the decrepit FACE OF ANUBIS.
26) 2) dialog: Who cares? I don't see no treasure.
26) 7) text: Jonathan sniffs the foul air, then he looks at the warden and realizes where the smell is coming from. He stops  sniffing. Evelyn brushes COBWEBS away from a METAL DISK on the wall then repositions it on it's pedestal, aiming it at a RAY LIGHT shining in from the outer mirrors. -- THE RAY OF LI
27) 0) text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch as they make their through a narrow, COBWEB INFESTED LABYRINTH. The short, s warden can stand straight up. Then they hear something an freeze. It sounds like somebody is clawing inside the wal They share looks. Then slowly move forward. Getting darke and darker as they go. The strange sound getting louder a louder. And then it stops. Evelyn holds her breath. Jonat licks his lips. O'Connell cocks his pistol. The warden FA O'Connell, Jonathan and Evelyn glare at him.
27) 14) text: Evelyn pulls O'Connell away. Jonathan and the Warden foll Beni and the Americans slowly lower their guns, laughing. The Egyptologist excitedly begins translating the hierogl
29) 0) text: The Warden crawls into a DARK CHAMBER and LIGHTS A TORCH. A mural wall comes alive. Embedded into it are dozens of  black amethyst SCARABS; glittering images of the sacred  beetles. Awestruck, the Warden pulls out a pocket knife a starts prying away at one of the precious bugs.
34) 0) text: The warden drops an amethyst-scarab into his pouch, then  greedily starts prying away at another. It rips off, he d it into his pouch, -- only he misses, and this scarab qui falls to the sandy floor without the Warden noticing. CLOSE ON: the scarab on the floor. It begins to TRANSFORM The amethyst starts to glow. Something inside starts to  WIGGLE; as if the amethyst were some sort of strange coco Then it splits open and a real live hideous SCARAB BEETLE scurries out. It races over to the warden's shoe, quickly burrows into the leather and vanishes inside. The Warden's eyes FLY OPEN. He starts to SCREAM, drops hi knife and frantically starts clawing away at his pant leg higher and higher until he rips open his shirt revealing large, hideous LUMP, BURROWING UNDER HIS SKIN. IT BURROWS IT'S WAY UP HIS FAT BELLY AND ACROSS HIS HAIRY CHEST. The Warden claws and scratches at it, trying to stop it. The  lump BURROWS UP HIS NECK. The Warden starts GAGGING and  COUGHING. And then the scarab-lump VANISHES INTO HIS HEAD.
35) 15) text: Evelyn slaps his hand and quickly unfolds the box, -- it' now shaped exactly like the LOCK'S KEYHOLE. Evelyn smiles And that's when they hear the Warden's SCREAMS echoing th the labyrinth. All three of them turn and take-off runnin
36) 0) text: The Warden is SCREAMING and dancing insanely around the  labyrinth, totally freaked from the extreme pain in his h O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan run up just as the Warden  starts RIPPING his own hair out of his head. O'Connell an Jonathan grab at the Warden's hands, but he's far too cra he shoves them aside, runs full bore down the length of t labyrinth and SLAMS his head straight into a rock wall. T Warden drops to the ground. Dead as lead. Eyes wide open. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan just stand there staring,  breathing hard, wide-eyed themselves...
37) 14) text: Jonathan opens the Warden's POUCH, the one that held the  scarabs. He reaches in, starts scrounging around. WE SLOW PUSH IN. Waiting for the attack. THE MUSIC BUILDS. And th Jonathan SCREAMS in pain and RIPS his hand back out of th pouch. O'Connell and Evelyn both jump.