72) 0) text: Later.  A drunken VINOVICH is holding court.  He's in his 40's:  a flamboyant and loquacious man with a heavy (and fake) middle-European accent.  At the table - besides Har and Walter - are:  Vinovich's starlet/nymphet girlfriend LAURA; an Asian-American illusionist called BILLY WHO; an two of Vinovich's adoring courtiers, an overblown, overdressed female illusionist - DEBRA DEVINE - and a thi waspish fellow in a spangly suit:  the AMAZING QUENTIN.  In the conversation that follows we go back to Harry repeatedly as he studies this extraordinary group.
72) 2) dialog: But they're fake miracles.
73) 1) dialog: Harry! Harry turns.  Billy approaches, glancing behind him to se that he's not being watched.
73) 2) dialog: I gotta be careful.  If Vinovich sees me talking to you.  He's an asshole, but he's a powerful asshole.
73) 4) dialog: (lowered voice)
73) 7) dialog: Nix.
73) 9) dialog: Like in nothing.  Nobody.  Nix.
73) 11) dialog: I think maybe he taught Swann. (hands Harry a card)
73) 12) text: This is me.  See ya around.  Billy hurries away.
89) 0) text: ON BILLY WHO'S CARD, in Harry's hand.
89) 2) text: Billy?  It's Harry.  Suppose I wanted to get into the repository at the Magic Castle?
90) 6) dialog: I've had my moments.
91) 1) dialog: I'm sure they'll have this place rigged.
91) 3) dialog: It'll be something hokey.  CLICK! The door opens.
91) 4) dialog: Houdini'd been proud of you.
92) 1) dialog: (impressed)
92) 2) text: Whoa... On the wall, plaster LIFE-MASKS.  In glass cases, the too of the great magicians:  KNIVES, KEYS, GUNS, WANDS, even IRON MAIDEN.  Billy is in awe.  He wanders around wide-ey while Harry scans the shelves. The dialogue runs as they investigate.
92) 3) dialog: I hear Mrs. Swann's quite a babe.
92) 5) dialog: You ever been married?
92) 7) dialog: Why?
92) 9) dialog: (grinning)
92) 12) dialog: Nope. Harry presses it.  The entire bookcase opens up, CREAKING
92) 13) dialog: What did I tell you?  So fucking hokey. Inside, there is a small shelf.  On it, FILES and PAPERS.
92) 17) dialog: Jesus! He slams the files down.  He's trembling.
92) 18) dialog: I could have lost my fucking hands.
92) 21) text: These are about Nix. Harry takes a sheaf of papers, and hands them to Billy.
92) 25) dialog: (points to nan in)
92) 28) dialog: Take a look at this.
92) 30) text: A Nix specialty? Billy is getting subtly spooked now.  He puts the etching down and starts to go through others in the series.  We glimpse them as he does so.  In one, a MAN regurgitates a serpentine form made of FLAME.  In another, a MAN stares his own HAND which is STRIPPED OF FLESH.  There is no bon beneath.  Only a form of solid blackness.  In a third, we a HEAD with a slit in the middle of the brow, emanating DARKNESS.
92) 31) dialog: I don't know any of these tricks... Harry studies the etchings.
92) 34) dialog: (mystified)
92) 38) dialog: Trickery and divinity.  Yeah, he says that all the time.
92) 40) dialog: Knew what? Out of the corner of his eye. Harry sees a motion between book-stacks.  Billy frowns.  Harry puts his fingers to hi lips.  Gestures for Billy to take cover. Billy backs away Harry slowly turns in the direction of the motion.  Something eerily sepulchral is gliding between the stacks figure in a straight-jacket with his head bowed. Harry takes out his gun.  Billy disappears around the back of one of the stacks. Ha goes after the apparition.  The TRACK is completely silent.  Suddenly, the creature appears behind Billy!  It looks up its face that of a psychotic:  burning eyes, manic smile. It tears open its straight-jacket and reaches for Billy, backs away.
92) 41) dialog: Harry! Books tumble on top of Billy as he stumbles against the shelves.
92) 42) dialog: Where the fuck are you? Harry appears, and puts his gun to the PSYCHO'S head.
92) 44) dialog: (in mortal terror)
92) 45) text: Get it off me! Harry glances around.  Sees a LIGHT flickering between so books.  FIRES at it.  The light goes out.  The "Psycho" vanishes.  Billy is left hyper-ventilating on the ground.
92) 47) dialog: I'm out of here, man!  Are you coming? Harry picks up a handful of papers from the Nix file.
93) 0) text: Billy and Harry are parting.
93) 2) dialog: Hey, anytime. (a beat)
107) 0) text: WE CRANE DOWN from a high angle on a GRAVE, surrounded by MOURNERS.  The graveside service has just ended, and the Mourners are beginning to disperse.  Dorothea is there amongst them, of course.  So are several faces we recogni Vinovich, Wilder, Billy Who, Swann's Stage Manager, his Dancers, his Technicians.  There are also several members the PRESS, and thirty or fourty other Mourners, some of w to judge by their dress and manner, are also illusionists Harry stands some distance from the crowd, watching (hidd from the doorway of a mausoleum.  His eyes are on Dorothe she goes amongst the Mourners, receiving unheard words of condolesence.