3) 0) text: We're at the front door now, which stands open.  Leaning against the door-frame is a scrawny, wild-eyed YOUTH, abo sixteen.  His name is BUTTERFIELD.  He's got a brooding, almost sultry look on his face.  One of his eyes is black the other milky blue.  He's whittling something with a scalpel. Distantly, the sound of CAR ENGINES.  Butterfiel narrows his eyes. BUTTERFIELD'S P.O.V. The Volkswagen "bus" and Thunderbird are approaching the house.
3) 1) dialog: (softly)
4) 0) text: The house no longer serves any domestic function.  It has become the temple and dormitory of Nix's small apocalypti cult.  As we go through the house with Butterfield we gli a little of what life here is like.  The rooms are murky, and chaotic.  The walls, PAINTED wit scenes of cities and landscapes BURNING, and creatures fr some unspeakable nightmare ATTACKING, RAPING, and DEVOURI helpless humanity.  The atmosphere is joyless, and oppressive.  The passages become progressively darker as the boy makes way to the heart of the house.  Only OIL LAMPS, set on th floor, light these claustrophobic corridors.
4) 1) dialog: Master?
5) 5) dialog: Master? Nix looks up.
5) 6) dialog: Swann's here.  Nix rises, smiling.
5) 8) text: We'll come back to this. Get about your business.  As the Cultists disperse, Nix and Butterfield exit into
6) 10) dialog: (also watching, wide-
6) 13) dialog: He wants your magic.
8) 0) text: Butterfield comes to the door, as Swann steps inside.
8) 1) dialog: He's expecting you. Behind Swann, Quaid and Pimm exchange nervous looks.
8) 3) text: Look around.  If you find 'the child, yell.  She's got blonde hair, that's all I know. Butterfield turns away, smiling to himself.  Swann follow him.
16) 0) text: Jennifer, reaches the door of the Sanctum.  Butterfield s from the shadows.  His KNIFE flashes as it strikes Jennif hand.  BLOOD SPURTS.
18) 0) text: Quaid levels his gun at Butterfield, who is guarding the Sanctum door.  Jennifer is at Quaid's side.
36) 4) text: Don't touch him." Butterfield strokes the wounds on Quaid's cheek.  Quaid s in pain. 
36) 5) dialog: What are you going to do about it?  Miller's hand tears at the wood around the lock from the other side.  His fingers appear, scrabbling to tear the l out.  Harry doesn't move, or Miller will be through.
36) 6) dialog: (to Harry)
36) 9) dialog: Pimm's dead.  Jennifer Desiderio's disappeared.  They knew the Puritan was coming home.  As this exchange goes on, Miller pulls the lock out of th door and starts to THROW HIMSELF against it from the othe side.  It's all Harry can do to keep himself from being pitched across the room.  He looks around for some means defense.  There's a crack in the drapes to the left of th table.  Behind it a WINDOW.
36) 10) dialog: So do you.  You've seen the future.  Haven't you?
36) 12) dialog: And are you afraid?
36) 15) text: Don't leave me. He turns back.  TEARS are pouring down the man's face. Ha goes back to comfort Quaid, as Butterfield escapes down t stairs.
37) 5) text: Tapert.  So, now I've got Tapert, Butterfield.
38) 0) text: The rooms are spartan.  Nothing on the walls.  Nothing on floors.  Very little furniture.  Butterfield sits beside the window, obsessively combing h long hair.  There is something feminine about him now:  h voice a whisper, his stare distracted.  If we didn't gues already, we're in the presence of a madman.  Miller is squatting against the wall, picking shards of G out of his torso.  It hurts, but he's enjoying himself.
38) 1) dialog: D'Amour... D'Amour... Why do I know that name?
38) 4) dialog: He's a priest?
38) 6) text: Like you. A long beat of silence.  Butterfield combs.  Miller digs glass.
38) 7) dialog: I don't want him getting in the way.
38) 9) dialog: (dreamily)
38) 12) dialog: You didn't think it was just going to be you and me?  A lot of people believed in Nix. They haven't forgotten his promise.
38) 14) dialog: Death.
38) 16) dialog: (a beat)
61) 0) text: The doors SQUEAK as a gust of WIND blows through them.  Butterfield stands in the lobby, listening to the muted SOUNDS of MUSIC and APPLAUSE.  Then he offers his ticket the TICKET-COLLECTOR and steps inside.
64) 0) text: The audience is clearing now.  But Butterfield is coming towards the stage, with an ambiguous look on his face. Is enraged?  Or puzzled?  Or both?
65) 9) dialog: Who did this, D'Amour?  Who killed Swann?  Harry is barely holding on to consciousness.
65) 12) dialog: Why would I do that?
65) 14) dialog: You don't have a clue what you're into, do you?
65) 16) dialog: Who did this?
65) 18) dialog: Who did this?
65) 20) text: All right.  It was... Butterfield comes a little closer.
65) 22) text: ... it was... Butterfield leans in.  And Harry grabs him by the balls - literally -- rising as he does so.
65) 23) dialog: Aah! Harry THROWS Butterfield aside. Butterfield hits the grou in agony, and Harry swings round to protect himself from Miller, who's leveling Harry's gun.  He FIRES once, missing Harry by inches.  Harry catches ho of a ROPE underfoot and pulls it, tripping Miller, who TOPPLES backwards into the mouth of the dragon.  The GUN OFF again, the bullet BLOWING APART the dragon's JAW
74) 4) dialog: Ever watched a man die? The image darkens, and fades up a beat later on Quaid.
74) 6) dialog: Pimm's dead.  Jennifer Desiderio's disappeared...
81) 1) dialog: If you watch very closely, you can sometimes see the soul escaping. Harry is spooked.  He starts to search the room, opening cabinets and drawers.  Quaid's hordes of mystical bric-a- are stashed everywhere.  Boxes of crystals, religious statues, elaborate cards, incense, etc. He pulls open a drawer, and notices that a rosary is wedg in a niche at the base of the drawer.  He pulls the drawe out, empties its contents on the table, and examines it.  Using the crowbar, he forces the drawer apart.  It has a false bottom.
113) 2) dialog: (conversationally)
113) 3) text: I've sometimes thought, if I'd had another profession, I would have been a surgeon. On Valentin, staring up in terror.  Valentin's P.O.V.- of Butterfield, upside down, above him the scalpel glittering.
113) 4) dialog: To be able to heal with one little cut. On Valentin again, as Butterfield's blade touches his che just beneath his eye.
113) 6) dialog: Let's say those eyes of yours were giving you trouble.
113) 8) dialog: I could scoop them out.
113) 10) dialog: So tell me where Nix is buried.
113) 14) dialog: You'll do more.than that.
124) 4) dialog: It was me. She turns.  He's on her in a heartbeat, pressing her back against the wail.
124) 5) dialog: Guess who we're going to see?
128) 0) text: Butterfield's SEDAN crosses the desert, under a sky full stars.
129) 0) text: Valentin drives.  Butterfield and Dorothea are in the bac Dorothea is handcuffed.  He has a bag open at his feet.  One by one he takes out a series of extraordinary instruments.  Dorothea looks on, confounded.
129) 1) dialog: Like the look of these?  I made them myself, to set him free.
129) 3) dialog: I didn't have the skill to resurrect him.  I had to teach myself.  And that took time.
129) 5) dialog: If he was just a man like me, then no.  But he's not.
129) 7) dialog: Maybe he'll show you. ON DOROTHEA, terror in her eyes.
132) 0) text: Wide.  A few rocks, and emptiness.  The headlamps of Butterfield's sedan burn in the darkness illuminating the dig.  Valentin is in the grave, digging. ON Butterfield, as he stands at the edge of the hole, watching the work.  Dorothea stands a yard or two behind
132) 1) dialog: Anything?
132) 3) dialog: If you've lied to me to me --
132) 5) dialog: Five more minutes.  Hear me? And you'd better not -- A SOUND behind him.  Butterfield wheels round.  On the gr beside the open car door, the instruments.
132) 6) dialog: What the fuck are you playing at? He goes to pick them up.  Dorothea steps from behind the door, with the sharpest in her hand.  She slashes at him. Opens a WOUND across his arm.
132) 7) dialog: Aah! He comes at her suddenly, striking the instrument from he hand, and slamming her against the car.  He hits her.  On Twice.  Then --
132) 11) dialog: (to Valentin)
132) 12) text: Keep away from it. Butterfield jumps down into the grave, and goes to the ha The TRACK is silent, but for Butterfield's shallow breath He reaches out to touch Nix^s fingers... Closer...  Closer...  He touches the hand - and the wall of sand comes down wit
132) 15) dialog: (reverentially)
138) 0) text: We TRACK through the house.  The CULTISTS, all Seventeen them, stand in the passageways, looking toward Nix's sanc ON THE SANCTUM DOOR.  Butterfield emerges.  He is wearing WHITE now.
138) 1) dialog: Do you wish him to be amongst us?
138) 3) dialog: Will you come to him on your knees?
138) 5) dialog: Be ready. Now we see that the Cultists have BOTTLES in their hands. With looks of ecstatic fervour on their faces, they SMASH bottles to the ground at their bare feet. Then they pick MORE BOTTLES, and SMASH them, littering the ground with r sharp pieces of GLASS.  ON Butterfield, smiling.  He steps back into the Sanctum.
139) 0) text: HIGH, WIDE SHOT of the room, as Butterfield approaches th BODY of Nix.  It lies on a table, surrounded by bowls of Bandages, soaked in oil, are laid over its limbs.  Beside head, Butterfield's INSTRUMENTS are laid out.  ON Dorothea, crouched in the corner of the room, terrifie she watches Butterfield remove the multi- part MASK screw into Nix's face.  He works with surgical precision.
139) 2) dialog: No, but he will.  After what you did to him. He pulls a piece of the mask from Nix's mouth.
139) 3) dialog: He'll want vengeance.  Simple PS that.
141) 0) text: On Nix's emaciated mouth.  The lips TWITCH.  On Dorothea.  The DUST moves around her.  And Nix DRAWS BREATH.  On Butterfield, TEARS in his eyes.
141) 1) dialog: Oh my Lord.  He's coming home...
143) 3) dialog: He's with us...
145) 0) text: Unnoticed by Butterfield, who has his eyes on Nix, Doroth gets to her feet and creeps away to the door. Very quiet
145) 3) dialog: Hold her! On Nix, as he starts to pull at the mask on his face.  It comes away with a moist, WRENCHING SOUND.  At last, we se his eyes. NIX'S P.O.V. The candle-lights blaze, BLINDING his sensitive eyes.
145) 5) text: Aaarrrgh! He gets up and flings himself around the room, knocking o all the lights but two.  Then he strikes Butterfield to t ground, and slams his foot on Butterfield's neck, knockin him unconscious.  It's a terrifying, almost demoniacal display of instant physical superiority.  Throughout, he literally ROARS in rage.
148) 0) text: On Butterfield, as Nix removes his foot.  Butterfield is for the count.  On Nix, as he stops screaming.  His face is grotesquely disfigured by the mask, the flesh stained and corrupted.  The SCREAMING of the Cultists is dying away.
153) 0) text: Hearing Dorothea's CRY, Harry looks back towards the passageway.  Butterfield pulls the instrument out of the ground and stabs at Harry a second time.  But Swann catch hold of his arm.
156) 0) text: Butterfield and Swann are locked in a life-or-death strug They tumble back against the table upon which Nix was resurrected.  It collapses under them, and for a moment S is stunned.  Butterfield snatches up one of the instrumen and STABS at Swann, who rolls out of the way in the nick time.  The BLADE catches him in the arm, however.
156) 2) dialog: Go on, bleed. (he slashes at Swann
156) 3) text: again) Go on!  Go on! Butterfield comes after him, and Swann backs off against wall.  He SPITS out a serpentine FLAME, which races acros the floor and leaps at Butterfield's face!
156) 4) dialog: (screaming)
157) 19) dialog: Bastard! He launches himself at Harry, driving them both back into BROKEN GLASS.  A FIGHT ensues, carrying them out into the Passageway.  Nix has Swann in a bear-hug.
158) 0) text: The fight between Butterfield and Harry continues.