5) 0) text: A dozen CULTISTS sit cross-legged on the floor in front o their leader, WILLIAM NIX.  His black hair grows to his shoulders.  His eyes are deep and glittering, his voice seductive.  A terrifying yet charismatic presence.  All the Cultists - who are a cross-section of obsessives wear the same simple T-shirts, painted with the cult's SI They watch Nix in adoration.  As Nix speaks, he juggles a FLAME, passing it from hand t hand with casual ease...
5) 8) text: We'll come back to this. Get about your business.  As the Cultists disperse, Nix and Butterfield exit into
9) 0) text: Quaid looks into a large circular room where FIVE CULTIST (three men and two women) still sit.  One of the women is breast-feeding a baby.
9) 4) dialog: (angry)
14) 0) text: On Quaid, who draws his GUN as three CULTISTS appear in t passageway that leads to Nix's Sanctum.
20) 0) text: Pinon stands guard, his gun pointed on several cultists.
20) 1) dialog: (with distressing
20) 3) dialog: He'll just rise up again!
22) 0) text: The Cultists' faces slacken, as though some mental hold N had upon them has disappeared.  Then they start to retrea their confidence and courage gone.  Pimm steps into the Sanctum.
40) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of a PHOTOGRAPH of the Cultist with the Painted Face, from the opening scene, standing outside Nix's hous Nevada.  His name is Norman Sanders.  ON NORMAN, thirteen years older, looking down at the photograph.  He lays it down, beside a letter, on which t words are written: "Homecoming Time." Norman smiles to himself.  Goes to the wardrobe.  Gets ou small suitcase.  His WIFE'S BODY is slumped in the wardro glassy-eyed.  CLOSE UP of letter -В—
44) 0) text: The Snake-Handler Cultist drives at speed.
117) 0) text: A car comes to a halt outside the house, where six vehicl are already gathered.  The SNAKE-HANDLING Cultist gets ou SNAKES seethe out of the open car door.
118) 0) text: We MOVE THROUGH the shadowy interior, catching sight of several CULTISTS as we go.  They all have looks of barely suppressed ecstasy on their faces.  We are moving towards the Sanctum, and it's getting darke A MATCH is struck, and an OIL-FLAME sputters into life. see NORMAN'S gleaming face. On the wall is a PICTURE of N floating over a scene of apocalyptic destruction.  Norman brushes away thirteen years' accrual of DIRT. Bene Nix's expression is as rabid and terrifying as ever.  Nor grins.
131) 0) text: Now we move down the passageway to the Meditation Room. Inside, SEVENTEEN CULTISTS kneel in a circle.  They are a CUTTING OFF THEIR HAIR, and throwing it into the FIRE tha blazes in the centre of the circle.  They hack indiscriminately, with KNIVES, SCISSORS and RAZORS, their eyes wild.  BLOOD runs down their faces and necks from ni ears and scalps. And still the CHANT BUILDS, and BUILDS...
138) 0) text: We TRACK through the house.  The CULTISTS, all Seventeen them, stand in the passageways, looking toward Nix's sanc ON THE SANCTUM DOOR.  Butterfield emerges.  He is wearing WHITE now.
140) 0) text: The bottle-breaking has ceased.  The Cultists stand, breathless with anticipation.
146) 0) text: The Cultists SCREAM in sympathy, letting out years of repressed frustration.  Many of them are dancing on the shards of glass now, crazed.
148) 0) text: On Butterfield, as Nix removes his foot.  Butterfield is for the count.  On Nix, as he stops screaming.  His face is grotesquely disfigured by the mask, the flesh stained and corrupted.  The SCREAMING of the Cultists is dying away.
149) 0) text: The Cultists all face the Sanctum door, awaiting instruct
150) 2) text: Something terrible's going to happen.  But if you hold on to me, very tight, you may live a little longer. The Cultists enter the room, knees and hands BLOODY.
155) 2) text: You see, I escaped the grave. So I have to give something to the grave in return. On the Cultists, listening to their lord with love in the eyes.  A SLIT OPENS in the middle of Nix's forehead, above the bridge of his nose (this is an image we saw in the prints the library), and from it comes a WAVE OF DARKNESS.  As N REVOLVES, the darkness STRIKES the GROUND around the Cultists. At first they don't realize what's going on.  They think is some kind of bizarre blessing.  Then the ground starts to LIQUIFY beneath them.