2) 0) text: A violent WIND HOWLS around, but through the sand we-can make out a large, ominous building:  the HOUSE of William Nix.  Its walls are white-washed and scrawled with GRAFFI The "family" of IDOLS surrounds the doorway, guarding it. SCREEN, the words:  '"Nevada - Thirteen Years Ago"
4) 0) text: The house no longer serves any domestic function.  It has become the temple and dormitory of Nix's small apocalypti cult.  As we go through the house with Butterfield we gli a little of what life here is like.  The rooms are murky, and chaotic.  The walls, PAINTED wit scenes of cities and landscapes BURNING, and creatures fr some unspeakable nightmare ATTACKING, RAPING, and DEVOURI helpless humanity.  The atmosphere is joyless, and oppressive.  The passages become progressively darker as the boy makes way to the heart of the house.  Only OIL LAMPS, set on th floor, light these claustrophobic corridors.
5) 0) text: A dozen CULTISTS sit cross-legged on the floor in front o their leader, WILLIAM NIX.  His black hair grows to his shoulders.  His eyes are deep and glittering, his voice seductive.  A terrifying yet charismatic presence.  All the Cultists - who are a cross-section of obsessives wear the same simple T-shirts, painted with the cult's SI They watch Nix in adoration.  As Nix speaks, he juggles a FLAME, passing it from hand t hand with casual ease...
5) 1) dialog: And the fire said to me:  Nix, Nix, you're my instrument. From now on, you'll be called the Puritan...
5) 3) text: Puritan... NIX You will find a few good men and women, and together, together you will cleanse the world.
5) 7) dialog: (to Cultists)
5) 8) text: We'll come back to this. Get about your business.  As the Cultists disperse, Nix and Butterfield exit into
6) 1) dialog: Hush... Nix goes to the GIRL.  She is twelve; beautiful, blonde, presently in a state of mortal fear.  She sits, bound, in fetal position, her face soaked with SWEAT and TEARS, her mouth BLOODIED, her cheek BRUISED.
6) 2) dialog: I said hush.
6) 4) dialog: (to Baboon)
6) 6) dialog: (to Girl)
6) 12) dialog: You don't like him, do you?
6) 14) dialog: Maybe.  Go fetch him. Butterfield exits.  Nix advances on the Girl.
7) 0) text: The two vehicles come to a halt outside Nix's house. From the Thunderbird steps PHILIP SWANN, a nineteen- year with shoulder-length hair and brilliant blue eyes.  He's conventionally handsome, but he's certainly striking.  From the passenger seat steps CASPAR QUAID, a black man, studious and intense.  From the bus emerges MURRAY PIMM, skinny and jittery, and JENNIFER DESIDERIO, a woman with steely gaze.
13) 0) text: Swann steps inside.  Nix's chair has its back to him. The folds of Nix's robe are visible, however.  Swann hears a muffled SOBBING from the far side of the room.  On the Girl, now gagged and lying amongst bones and filth Swann starts towards her, his footsteps barely audible. he approaches the chair - the Baboon leaps at him screech He reaches for his gun.  The chair topples.  The Baboon, dressed in Nix's robes, bounds towards Swann.  Swann FIRES at it.  The bullet blasts off half its head.
14) 0) text: On Quaid, who draws his GUN as three CULTISTS appear in t passageway that leads to Nix's Sanctum.
15) 2) dialog: I knew you'd come.  He reaches down to Swann.
15) 3) dialog: I've got so much power to give you, Swann.  All you have to do is...beg.
15) 5) dialog: You don't think I've got it to give?
15) 7) dialog: You're wrong. He catches hold of Swann with one hand and drives him bac against the wall.
15) 8) dialog: I could eat your fucking soul, Swann.
17) 0) text: Nix has Swann trapped against the wall and is working his fingers against Swann's temples.  Working, working, like psychic surgeon plying against the belly of a patient.
17) 1) dialog: You want to know what the world really looks like? Swann struggles, but he can't get free of Nix's hold.  And now -- horribly -- Nix's fingers slide beneath the sk of Swann's temples, without a drop of blood being spilt.
17) 2) dialog: Want to see flesh with a god's eyes? Swann SCREAMS as Nix's mind-hold seizes him.
19) 2) dialog: (to Quaid)
19) 4) dialog: Take a look, Swann!  These are your friends. On Swann, reeling like a drunkard as he looks up at Quaid Jennifer.
19) 8) dialog: You want to be like that, Swann?  Mud and shit? Swann turns away from Quaid and Jennifer in disgust.
19) 9) text: of Nix, his arms outstretched in welcome.  His face has a aura of pulsing light.
19) 10) dialog: Come here.  Share the power. ON a GUN, leveled. .We don't see by whom.  The trigger is pulled.  The bullet strikes Nix's back and explodes out of his che ON SWANN, staring at Nix.  SWANN'S P.O.V. of Nix, as the aura of light dies.  Just for a moment - a terrible moment - Swann glimpses something else. MORPHING out of Nix's features.  A NIGHTM FACE with waves of DARKNESS emanating from the middle of forehead.  Swann covers his eyes.
19) 11) dialog: (raging, terrifying)
19) 12) text: Swann!  Swann! Nix staggers, letting out an ungodly HOWL, and drops to h knees, clutching the WOUND.  As he falls, he reveals the ashen Girl, who is still holding Swann's smoking GUN.
19) 13) dialog: (a roar)
19) 14) text: Help me! Swann shakes his head, ridding himself of Nix's mind- control.
21) 0) text: On Nix, doing just that:  rising up.  Right hand clamped his bloody chest, left hand reaching for Swann.
21) 1) dialog: Help me! Quaid FIRES at him again. Strikes his shoulder.  And agai Strikes his leg.  Nix collapses to the ground,
21) 3) dialog: (seeing)
21) 6) dialog: Fuck you, Swann!  Fuck you! Now the second piece, over his MOUTH.
21) 7) dialog: SwВ— He's silenced.  The piece screws itself into-his head, li the first.  And now comes the third and final piece:  ove the nose and into the ears.  Again, it screws itself into place.  Swann has done all he can.  He retreats from Nix's body, it continues to convulse.  We go from face to ashen face, each man and woman watches and waits.  Why won't he die?  And now, at last  the violence of Nix's death-throes diminishes.  Nix's body bends like a bow, arching off the ground, and with one last, terrible spasm, he dies.
23) 0) text: The five assassins, including the Girl, stand around Nix' body.  Swann has his arm around the Girl.
40) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of a PHOTOGRAPH of the Cultist with the Painted Face, from the opening scene, standing outside Nix's hous Nevada.  His name is Norman Sanders.  ON NORMAN, thirteen years older, looking down at the photograph.  He lays it down, beside a letter, on which t words are written: "Homecoming Time." Norman smiles to himself.  Goes to the wardrobe.  Gets ou small suitcase.  His WIFE'S BODY is slumped in the wardro glassy-eyed.  CLOSE UP of letter -В—
48) 3) text: Hey...  He looks up, startled. DOROTHEA The sun's shining out there. Dorothea is dressed a white robe now.  She literally brings light into this gloomy room.  On the shelves behind Swann are a number of brut figurines, vaguely recalling the idols outside Nix's "temple."
78) 11) text: Back to business.  Ever heard of a man called Nix? (silence)
92) 21) text: These are about Nix. Harry takes a sheaf of papers, and hands them to Billy.
92) 30) text: A Nix specialty? Billy is getting subtly spooked now.  He puts the etching down and starts to go through others in the series.  We glimpse them as he does so.  In one, a MAN regurgitates a serpentine form made of FLAME.  In another, a MAN stares his own HAND which is STRIPPED OF FLESH.  There is no bon beneath.  Only a form of solid blackness.  In a third, we a HEAD with a slit in the middle of the brow, emanating DARKNESS.
118) 0) text: We MOVE THROUGH the shadowy interior, catching sight of several CULTISTS as we go.  They all have looks of barely suppressed ecstasy on their faces.  We are moving towards the Sanctum, and it's getting darke A MATCH is struck, and an OIL-FLAME sputters into life. see NORMAN'S gleaming face. On the wall is a PICTURE of N floating over a scene of apocalyptic destruction.  Norman brushes away thirteen years' accrual of DIRT. Bene Nix's expression is as rabid and terrifying as ever.  Nor grins.
132) 12) text: Keep away from it. Butterfield jumps down into the grave, and goes to the ha The TRACK is silent, but for Butterfield's shallow breath He reaches out to touch Nix^s fingers... Closer...  Closer...  He touches the hand - and the wall of sand comes down wit
138) 0) text: We TRACK through the house.  The CULTISTS, all Seventeen them, stand in the passageways, looking toward Nix's sanc ON THE SANCTUM DOOR.  Butterfield emerges.  He is wearing WHITE now.
139) 0) text: HIGH, WIDE SHOT of the room, as Butterfield approaches th BODY of Nix.  It lies on a table, surrounded by bowls of Bandages, soaked in oil, are laid over its limbs.  Beside head, Butterfield's INSTRUMENTS are laid out.  ON Dorothea, crouched in the corner of the room, terrifie she watches Butterfield remove the multi- part MASK screw into Nix's face.  He works with surgical precision.
141) 0) text: On Nix's emaciated mouth.  The lips TWITCH.  On Dorothea.  The DUST moves around her.  And Nix DRAWS BREATH.  On Butterfield, TEARS in his eyes.
145) 0) text: Unnoticed by Butterfield, who has his eyes on Nix, Doroth gets to her feet and creeps away to the door. Very quiet
145) 4) dialog: (fury to agony)
147) 0) text: Harry's car is parked a quarter mile from Nix's house. He getting out.  Swann stays put.  The SOUND of SCREAMING is carried towards them on the win
148) 0) text: On Butterfield, as Nix removes his foot.  Butterfield is for the count.  On Nix, as he stops screaming.  His face is grotesquely disfigured by the mask, the flesh stained and corrupted.  The SCREAMING of the Cultists is dying away.
148) 1) dialog: Children...
149) 1) dialog: Will you suffer to come unto me? One by one, the Cultists fall to their knees.  We never s flesh pierced by broken glass.  But we HEAR IT, and see t agony on the Cultist's faces.  They start to sob. Then, Nix appears in the doorway, mostly hidden by shadow
149) 2) dialog: I've come back to share the wisdom of the grave.  Will you hear it?
149) 4) dialog: Follow me then. He steps out of the doorway.  The Cultists let out sobs o adoration.  Nix locks at Dorothea.
149) 5) dialog: Do I know you, child? He reaches for her.  Pulls her close to his body. Dorothe keeps her self-possession; but only just.
149) 6) dialog: Oh yes... I do, don't I?  No gun this time, child? (a beat)
149) 9) dialog: He'll come.  We've got unfinished business, he and I. Then he carries her down the passageway to the Meditation Room, walking on the glass, apparently indifferent to the wounds he's receiving.  The Cultists follow.
150) 0) text: Nix strides into the middle of the room.
150) 1) dialog: (whispered to Dorothea)
150) 3) dialog: (to Cultists)
151) 0) text: Harry pushes open the window, and climbs in.  Swann follo He is frozen by the memory of what happened here.  ON SWANN, as the TRACK fills with eerie ECHOES of that terrible event.  Nix's SCREAMS.  The GUN-SHOTS.  The soun the SCREWS GRINDING into Nix's flesh.
152) 1) dialog: Here is my wisdom. He stamps on the ground.  CRACKS spread from his foot in directions. ON THE CULTISTS, amazed by this manifestation power.
155) 0) text: On Nix, Dorothea clasped close to him.  He REVOLVES as he floats over the chasm below then.
155) 1) dialog: (to unseen Cultists)
155) 2) text: You see, I escaped the grave. So I have to give something to the grave in return. On the Cultists, listening to their lord with love in the eyes.  A SLIT OPENS in the middle of Nix's forehead, above the bridge of his nose (this is an image we saw in the prints the library), and from it comes a WAVE OF DARKNESS.  As N REVOLVES, the darkness STRIKES the GROUND around the Cultists. At first they don't realize what's going on.  They think is some kind of bizarre blessing.  Then the ground starts to LIQUIFY beneath them.
155) 4) dialog: I have to give something back. So I'm giving you. They're starting to SCREAM now as they sink into the grou They struggle, of course, but the earth seems to be hungr for them.  They are dragged down, THRASHING as they SINK.
155) 7) dialog: You're not worthy.  None of you.  Only Swann was worthy. You just waited like lambs. Harry appears in the doorway.  Nix, still swinging round, his back to Harry.
155) 8) dialog: Well I'm not your shepherd. Harry surveys the horrific scene in front of him.  The gr is now re-solidifying around the Cultists, some of whom h disappeared from view completely, some of whom still reac out of the dirt.  The scene has a surreal beauty to it despite its horror.  SCREAMING FACES locked in the solid ground.  TWITCHING HANDS the same. Harry starts towards N and Dorothea, GUN levelled.  So far, he has avoided Nix's gaze.
156) 0) text: Butterfield and Swann are locked in a life-or-death strug They tumble back against the table upon which Nix was resurrected.  It collapses under them, and for a moment S is stunned.  Butterfield snatches up one of the instrumen and STABS at Swann, who rolls out of the way in the nick time.  The BLADE catches him in the arm, however.
157) 0) text: Harry is staring up at Dorothea as he very gingerly cross the still-sticky ground.  He's a yard from the edge of th pit now.  Nix swings round.
157) 1) dialog: You're not Swann.  Who are you? (a beat) )
157) 6) dialog: There you are.  Suddenly, Nix isn't interested in Harry and Dorothea. He steps onto solid ground, and walks towards Swann, his ton suddenly conversational.
157) 7) dialog: I've had a lot of time to think about you.  Where I went wrong... With Nix's back turned, Harry pulls Dorothea back out of chasm.
157) 9) dialog: I should have been honest with you, right from the start.  I wasn't born to show people the error of their ways.  I was born to murder the world. ON HARRY, as he leads Dorothea to the door.  Harry glance back into the room.
157) 10) dialog: You could still help me do that.
157) 12) dialog: Because you've got nothing else to live for.
157) 14) dialog: The woman has a new love in her life.  Your friends are dead. Nobody's left to save you, but me He lays his hands on Swann.  Draws him into an embrace. ON HARRY and Dorothea.
157) 20) dialog: Will you help me?  A beat.  Then Swann nods.
157) 22) dialog: You know I'll kill you when we're done.  I have to.
157) 24) dialog: But until then... it's you and me... the way it always was.
157) 26) dialog: Wait... you still feel something for that bitch?
157) 28) dialog: Liar! Nix makes a gesture, and Swann is flung against the wall, pinned there like a fly, legs off the ground.
157) 29) dialog: Will!  You!  Never!  Learn!? With each word, Nix almost casually throws a gesture in Swann's direction, and though there is six feet between t they have the force of terrible blows.  One to the ribs.  They CRACK.  One to the face.  It BLEEDS.  One to the leg one to the arms.  They all BREAK.  Then Nix turns towards Dorothea.
157) 30) dialog: She's just flesh, Swannnie-boy. I'll show you! He moves towards Dorothea.  Swann falls to the ground, broken.
158) 2) dialog: Where is she?  Harry turns. Nix is on him like a luoaernaut. treading on Butterfield' body as he comes at Harry!
158) 3) dialog: Where did she go? Nix GRABS hold of Harry's head with one hand and PRESSES fingers of -the other hand against Harry's TEMPLES. He struggles to get free, but Nix is simply too powerful. Nix's fingers slowly SLIDE BENEATH the skin of Harry's temples.  As before, there's no blood.
158) 4) dialog: You've got Swann's disease. You think a little courage, a little love, and it'll all be all right.  Wrong! His fingers slide all the way in!
158) 6) dialog: Tell me where she is... and I'll make it go away... Harry is reeling around in the grip of a nightmare. HARRY'S P.O.V. The apocalyptic images on the walls seem to move!  A face SCREAMS!  FIRE blossoms!  ON HARRY, verging on insanity.
160) 10) dialog: (to Dorothea)
160) 14) dialog: Come on, child.  I want Swann to see you die.  Harry turns and looks at Nix. HARRY'S P.O.V. Nix's face darkens as it MORPHS.  And the flesh in the mi of his brow UNFOLDS, revealing a dark, pulsating THIRD EY
160) 15) dialog: (to Harry)
160) 16) text: What are you looking at? ON DOROTHEA, who has gone to the door of the Meditation R and now slips inside.  ON HARRY, staring up at Nix. ON DOROTHEA, re-emerging from the Meditation Room.  In he hand, Harry's GUN.  Harry looks round at her.
160) 18) text: There... there! ON NIX, as he looks up at Dorothea.  ON DOROTHEA, as she raises the GUN.  She FIRES.  The bullet STRIKES Nix's FOREHEAD.  He sinks to his knees BLOOD pouring down his face from the hole where his third used to be. ON HARRY, as Nix's mind-hold falters.  He leans against t wall, shaking.
160) 21) dialog: One... last... illusion... -- his humanity is disappearing, vanishing into the vorte the bullet wound.
161) 0) text: The pit still yawns in the middle of the floor. Dorothea backed towards it by Nix.  When Nix SPEAKS, his voice is not remotely human.  It is DEMONIACAL.
161) 1) dialog: I am the purest of the pure.  I am the darkest of the dark... Harry is at the door now, starting towards Nix.
161) 9) dialog: I'm beyond Heaven.  I'm beyond Hell. Suddenly, Harry lunges at Nix, grabbing hold of his legs. Nix topples. ON SWANN, who puts his hands on the ground.  Closes his e A wave of LIQUIFICATION runs through the ground from Swan broken fingers --  -- the Cultists' bodies MOVE in the softening ground, lik corpses in surf, and ROLL towards the pit, their dead fac resurfacing -- Barbara's body floats past Nix, and disappears over the edge of the pit.
161) 11) text: Get out of here! The ground is very liquid now, and the corpses are lodgin around Nix as they're all carried towards the pit.  So's Harry, of course.  Nix tries to get up, but he's too late.  The corpses weig him down, the ground is too fluid for him to get a proper hold, and Harry still clings to his legs.
161) 12) dialog: No!  No!  No! He's at the edge of the pit.
162) 0) text: What we are about to witness is the longest fall-to-his- death by any villain in the history of cinema...  Nix is falling through rock.  Still SCREAMING.  He CRASHE against a layer of stone, which his body smashes to smithereens.  And as he falls --
165) 0) text: Nix hits a layer of molten rock, and, SCREAMING, he disappears.  A BURST of dark, roiling ENERGY erupts from spot where he sank, and starts up the pit --