72) 0) text: Later.  A drunken VINOVICH is holding court.  He's in his 40's:  a flamboyant and loquacious man with a heavy (and fake) middle-European accent.  At the table - besides Har and Walter - are:  Vinovich's starlet/nymphet girlfriend LAURA; an Asian-American illusionist called BILLY WHO; an two of Vinovich's adoring courtiers, an overblown, overdressed female illusionist - DEBRA DEVINE - and a thi waspish fellow in a spangly suit:  the AMAZING QUENTIN.  In the conversation that follows we go back to Harry repeatedly as he studies this extraordinary group.
72) 1) dialog: It's more than entertainment. We're opening people's heads up.  Putting miracles back into their boring little lives.
72) 3) dialog: Houdini believed he had spirit guides.
72) 5) dialog: I think we walk a narrow path, between... between...
72) 7) dialog: Trickery and divinity.
72) 9) dialog: No.  I'm saying they were always fake.  The saints, the messiahs, they were just illusionists.
72) 11) dialog: (deadly serious)
72) 14) dialog: They weren't worth a damn.
72) 17) dialog: If he was so good why's he so dead? Vinovich begins to look suspicious.
72) 19) dialog: Oh, I've got plenty.
72) 21) dialog: I'm not saying another word. (to Wilder)
72) 24) dialog: He was a freak.  Everything he did was tainted. Harry rises.  Looks straight at Vinovich, unintimidated.
72) 26) dialog: Evil.  He was evil. (to Laura)
72) 28) dialog: (to the rest)
72) 31) dialog: (pure Brooklyn)
107) 0) text: WE CRANE DOWN from a high angle on a GRAVE, surrounded by MOURNERS.  The graveside service has just ended, and the Mourners are beginning to disperse.  Dorothea is there amongst them, of course.  So are several faces we recogni Vinovich, Wilder, Billy Who, Swann's Stage Manager, his Dancers, his Technicians.  There are also several members the PRESS, and thirty or fourty other Mourners, some of w to judge by their dress and manner, are also illusionists Harry stands some distance from the crowd, watching (hidd from the doorway of a mausoleum.  His eyes are on Dorothe she goes amongst the Mourners, receiving unheard words of condolesence.