0) 17) dialog: Thank you again to the school band for that wonderful performance. Impressive stuff. PRINCIPAL MCDANIEL (40s, gentle) is standing on stage.
0) 18) dialog: ..-Alright, eighth graders! Next week is your last week here at Miles Grove Middle School. Huge cheer.
0) 19) dialog: Okay, okay, yep, very good -- but, BUT...we still have a lot of important work ahead of us. And a lot of FUN work ahead of us. We have the High School Shadow Program early next week...We also have a few guest speakers. Should be fun. And the end of the year dance. Whoops and cheers from the crowd.
0) 21) dialog: Mrs. Roche? MRS. ROCHE (50s, stone-faced) walks onto the court. She stands behind a podium and reads.
0) 23) dialog: But pick up your Time Capsules first!
0) 30) dialog: Okay superlative winners, so after you've taken your picture please return to your fifth period classes. Okay, we will start with...Mr. and Mrs. Best Eyes! Aiden Wilson-Carter and Kennedy Graves! 11. The group of girls cheer as one of them stands. This is KENNEDY GRAVES (13, "cool"). She walks past Kayla.
0) 32) dialog: Aiden...AIDEN! TIME SLOWS and MUSIC BLASTS as AIDEN WILSON-CARTER (13, perfect) looks up from his phone in the back of the room. face is blank and bored. His eyes are the best. He gets up and walks toward the front of the room, in slo motion, annoyed and bored. Kayla turns and looks at him, face deflating into awe - he somehow gets hotter every ti she sees him. He passes her and the music stops abruptly and we snap ba into real time just in time to hear a faint, breathy:
0) 39) dialog: (whispering) Shhhh..-.hey....hey....I’m looking for Mr. and Mrs. Most Quiet, Andrew Fields and Kayla Day. Shhhh.... Kayla looks up. :-| INT. MUSIC CLASSROOM. MOMENTS LATER. A PHOTOGRAPHER (50s, tired) sits on a stool behind a came and tripod. Mr. McDaniel enters the room, trailed by Kayl and ANDREW FIELDS (13, silent, very weird).
0) 40) dialog: Alright guys, just pop a squat over there and we’ll get a few glamour shots. Kayla and Andrew walk over to the “photo shoot area” -- t adjacent chairs set up in front of a hung backdrop, flank by mounted lights and reflecting umbrellas. They sit.
0) 41) dialog: So we've been trying to do sort of funny poses that reflect the superlatives. Like for the Most Athletic, Danny pretended to be running for a touchdown and Olivia pretended to be tackling him. So, it should be fun, you know? You guys have any ideas? No response, obviously. 13.
0) 42) dialog: Oh! Maybe Andrew, you could be holding a book, and Kayla, maybe you could be shushing him like you're at a library or something?
0) 44) dialog: Oh, okay. No problem...You know what, I think I’1l run to the restroom. Hang tight kids! The Photographer and Mr. McDaniel exit. Kayla and Andrew together, alone, side-by-side. Kayla fidgets with her nails, busy. Andrew stares straigh ahead, slack-jawed, teeth in braces, ostensibly brain-dea They are quiet from two totally different places -- self- consciousness and unconsciousness. They sit in silence for a FULL MINUTE. Sixty excruciating seconds. No one enters.
0) 376) dialog: Settle down! Settle! Okay, you are all here as part of the High School Shadow Program...we’re going to all walk in as a group, then you will be individually paired with one of the students from Miles Grove High. (MORE )
0) 377) text: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT’D) You will stay with that one person for the entire school day. You are not, I repeat, NOT to leave their side. These students volunteered and are here to help you and guide you through a day of high school. Some of you will be paired with freshmen, others will be paired with sophomores or juniors. So please be respectful and take it all in. This should be a learning experience. In the back, Kayla is listening, nodding. MR. MCDANIEL (0.S.) (CONT’D) This is your chance to get a glimpse of what life will be like for you next year. So pay attention. Kayla listens to this intensely, psyching herself up. MR. MCDANIEL (0.S.) (CONT’D) And have fun.