0) 5) dialog: I don’t know. I guess I could...
0) 16) dialog: D.Jay, he keep the air on, and all, but it don’t do nothin’ but blow more hot air in my face. So I just stay sticky all day long...
5) 0) text: Nola snorts up some crank off a small swatch of shiny pap D.Jay and Nola are parked by an old auto shop - hisses an pops sound from inside as D.Jay eyes a car driving up slo
5) 3) dialog: Why can’t we work the motels no more? Least they got air. (CONT TNURD)
5) 6) dialog: All I do is ask about gettin’ cool and you gotta be ugly.
5) 8) dialog: Lex get to work inside all day at the club. I don’t see why I can’t. D.dJAY Cuz we been over this, Nola. Ain’t I told you? You got what they call a bad equilibrium. My uncle Hector had it. You knock into shit. We put you in them heels up on that stage... tricks gonna be screamin’ “timber.” Here he come.
5) 9) dialog: I’m in heels out here, D! You don’t see me fallin’ down.
5) 11) dialog: One day you’re gonna have to teil me about that. The trick’s car stops alongside of their car.
5) 15) dialog: What the fuck it is you do. The car stops. D.Jay has turned his cold attention to Nol Knowing she has wounded D.Jay, Nola gains a modicum of confidence. She leans across D.Jay as if he was not even there.
5) 16) dialog: (to the trick) Hey, Honey. You wanna see me walk in these heels all the way over to your lap? The trick nods nervously. Nola smiles and crawls back ins NOLA (CONT’D) (bitter) : Look like he got air in his car. Must work as hard as you. Nola slams the door behind her. She parades her high-heeled saunter in front of D.Jay, an hops in the trick’s car. D.Jay fumes as the car drives of
6) 0) text: D.Jay’s shirt is wet from sweat as he enters the CORNER GROCERY STORE - a small, unassuming establishment. Nola trails behind and immediately goes for the ice cream freezers. ELROY, mid thirties, sits behind the counter. D.Jay reach past Elroy to a pack of cigarettes in a display. Elroy gl as D.Jay cracks open the pack and lights up.
7) 0) text: A modest-sized gospel choir takes a deep breath and break into the Spiritual “Keep Your Lamps Trimmed and Burning.” We follow a gray cord from a hanging microphone to a collection of cables. Key is recording the choir from the pews of the church. D.Jay is seated in the center of the church - Nola sits i the back eating an ice cream sandwich. The choir crescendos with chilling intensity. D.Jay is un to move as the song continues. He slowly grips the pew in front of him, his chest rising with deep breaths through flaring nostrils. The music is working on him. The choir concludes abruptly, building into an accented climax. Key holds one hand up in the air, indicating for everyone to remain silent.
9) 32) dialog: No, ma’ am.
9) 57) text: +e 4 +t Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 32-33. INI. KEY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 33 Yevette is wringing her hands together. She nervously smi at Lexus and Nola, trying to come up with something to sa Nola beats her to it.
9) 58) dialog: I like your hair. Kind’a got that chocolate color in it.
9) 60) dialog: I try to do somethin’ different with my hair every couple of months. Keep the tricks guessin’, you know.
9) 62) dialog: (pulling on her braids) These gotta be re-done a lot, if I wanna keep ‘em lookin’ real. Cuz these ain’t my real braids. They just extensions.
9) 64) dialog: No one’s talkin’ to you, bitch. You shut the fuck up. There is a loud pounding from the kitchen.
9) 72) dialog: I don’t know why you gotta be so ugly. People say my hair looks sexy.
12) 2) text: 42 43 44 45 46 Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 37. INT, D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 41 Music returns to the simple beat as Key hammers plywood o the windows. D.Jay plugs in Christmas lights that he has around the walls. Another lamp is plugged into the cluttered power pack. D. squeezes in another plug for the turntable. He spins a re and lets it roll, blending with the beat. EXT. D.JAY’S CHEVY - THE TRACK - DAY 42 Nola has mastered a pair of white platform boots. She pra alongside the Chevy, along the track, as D.Jay scribbles his notepad seated in the driver’s seat. A trick’s car drives up. Nola leans inside.
14) 6) dialog: I wish there was somethin’. You know, somethin’ I could...
14) 12) dialog: We’re in charge.
15) 30) dialog: I just woke up. I ain’t put any make-up on or nothin’.
16) 0) text: Shug is washing dishes with Roger is on her hip chewing o pacifier. She is singing a song with the beat as she work Nola enters and fills Shelby’s glass with more Kool-aid.
16) 1) dialog: It’s nice havin’ company.
16) 6) dialog: awkwardly) {back to it} And... and... making music with simple tools. By any means necessary.
18) 0) text: This is the South Memphis scene. Blacks, Mexicans and bol white rednecks roam the parkinglot in packs, scanning the fresh parade of young ladies. Music, fights, flirting. D.Jay and Key sit in the front seat of the parked car. Sh and Nola are outside, leaning against the back of the Che D.dJay has two Styrofoam cups. He produces a bottle of Cr Royal and begins making their @rinks. D.dAY Way you been takin’ care of me and mine... you get as fucked up as you want. I got your back tonight.
18) 2) dialog: Do you got a regular job, like during the day?
18) 4) dialog: I guess.
18) 8) dialog: I thought my job sucked.
18) 32) dialog: I’s thinkin’ about callin’ my parents.
18) 34) dialog: What we’re doin’ now. It just feels... important.
18) 36) dialog: Thank you for letting me come tonight.
19) 0) text: Nola removes the small bag of blow from her pocket. She snorts it up using her pinky fingernail. She then crawls the bathtub and looks above her at the bare bulb. The blow takes effect as the muffled sounds grow louder a closer. A moth flutters around the bulb, burning its wing
20) 63) text: She tackles the verse again, this time much more aggressively. Nola rocks back and forth, she snaps her fingers with Shug.
20) 70) dialog: Hey, I wanna do one. (CONT TNURD)
22) 14) dialog: (unable to fake a smile) Hey.
22) 17) dialog: Don’t you ever do that to me again!
22) 19) dialog: I ain’t some fuckin’ cash {pulling out a twenty) machine, where you can get Now I was gonna pay you what shit for free! I gotta have a you make... weren’t in ther say in what I do. I gotta for more than half a minute. have a say! I ain’t gonna Ain’t like you sweatin’ suck dick every time you come bullets in the back of some up short! Fuck you, D! Fuck niggaz car... Hey you got you! somethin’ for me? DO YOU GOT SOMETHIN’ FOR ME?! Nola reaches into her bag and throws the microphone at D.
22) 20) dialog: Here! Take it! You fuckin’ earned it.
22) 24) dialog: (through her tears) Don't you know, D? Don’t you know what I do in them cars. (sorrow over takes her) . BE’ erybody got somethin’ to do! And I just want...
22) 26) dialog: Somethin’ I can...
22) 29) dialog: 
22) 32) dialog: Ain’t that just another way to say I gotta eat dick. The statement silences D.Jay. Nola wipes the tears from h face and the snot from her nose. D.Jay leans close.
22) 38) dialog: (looks him dead in the eye) D. I know when you mess with my head to get what you want. And I let you do it. Cuz sometimes I need my head to be messed with. But right now... just don’t do it, okay? D.Jay nods respectfully and starts up the car. They drive away.
23) 18) text: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 85-86. EXT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - PORCH - DAY 86 D.day and Shug cross to the door. They peeks outside to s Shelby, Key, and Nola waiting by the Chevy.
25) 8) dialog: (screaming at the police) Get off her! Get off her!
25) 20) dialog: D.day? D.Jay?
25) 25) dialog: (crying)
25) 31) dialog: {sobbing) I’m in charge.
25) 33) dialog: I’M IN CHARGE! D.Jay is shoved in the back seat of a squad car. It has n turned to mayhem: photographers, neighborhood thugs pound the car. The squad car disappears around the corner, leaving Shug weeping and Nola standing alone in the street, quivering the pulsating lights. Fireworks crackle in the night sky. FADE TO BLACK. INT. D.JAY’S JAIL CELL - DAY 102 The cell door opens. With a grinding rhythm the bars move past D.Jay’s unmoving eyes. D.Jay walks through the corridor, his head lowered, his h in his pockets. A Prison Guard walks behind him.
30) 0) text: High hat beats as we see D.Jay’s Chevy roll up and stop. Nola steps out dressed in a tight, mini-skirt suit. In he ear is a mobile phone headset. The cord dangles free beca there is no phone. She tucks the slack in her small purse
31) 2) dialog: We can’t lay around lickin’ our ass all day like a dog. I mean, we man. I know I’m a girl and all but...
32) 0) text: Nola hops in the Chevy and cranks the engine. She starts pushing the buttons on the old radio. (CONT TNUFD)
32) 3) dialog: (v.o.) We mankind. The dial hops to different sides and stops on a familiar beat. It is the Whoop That Trick song. The camera spins and stops on our crew hearing the track the first time.