1) 0) text: Standing in a nonexistent set is ANDY KAUFMAN, looking a nervous.  Wide-eyed, tentative, he stares at us with a needy, unsettling cuteness.  His hair is slicked-down, an he wears the "FRIENDLY WORLD" costume from the Andy Kaufm special. Finally, Andy speaks -- in a peculiar FOREIGN ACCENT.
4) 0) text: Stanley hurries up to Andy's shut door.  We hear little A doing VOICES.
5) 0) text: ...revealing ANDY, 8, performing for the wall.  Andy is happy and enthusiastic... as long as he's acting.
6) 0) text: Baby Carol sits in her crib.  Andy's hands suddenly YANK out.
7) 0) text: Andy hurries in and plops Carol down on the floor.  She dutifully sits there, deadpan. Andy returns to the center of the room.  He resumes his show.
8) 0) text: TIGHT on ANDY, now GROWN UP.  26-years-old, still perform the song.
9) 9) text: I'm sorry.  You're finished here. An uncomfortable beat -- and then Andy starts crying. The manager is dumbfounded.  He doesn't know what to do. Tears are rolling pitifully down Andy's cheeks.  The mana is confused -- totally disoriented.  Shamed, Andy covers face, then runs out.  Silence.  The manager stares after him... having no idea what just happened.
10) 0) text: Sobbing Andy bursts out the door.  He steps onto the sidewalk -- and IMMEDIATELY STOPS CRYING.  Just like that Andy lifts his big case and starts walking.  Andy shakes head angrily. He turns down a dark street, hurrying alone through an unsavory New York neighborhood.  But then... TWO MEN appear... silently approaching.  Andy stops uncertainly - debating whether to turn around.  But in that second -- t thugs are upon him, glaring menacingly.
13) 3) text: Right now, I would like to do for you some imitations.  So first, I would like to imitate Archie Bunker. (no change in his voice) "You stupid, everybody ees stupid! Ehh, get, get out of my chair Meathead... go in the, eh, Dingbat get into the kitchen, making the food!  Ehh, everybody ees stupid!  I don't like nobody, ees so stupid!" Tank you veddy much. (pleased, he proudly bows) Now I would like to imitate Jimmy Carter, the President of the United States. (no change in his voice) "Hello, I am Jimmy Carter, the President of the United States." Some people BOO and walk out.  A few giggle, getting into the groove. George is intrigued. ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd) And now... I would like to imitate the Elvis Presley. A woman LAUGHS caustically.  Andy grins stupidly, then tu his back to us.  He presses "Play" on a CASSETTE RECORDER and the THEME FROM 2001 starts playing. House lights dim dramatically.  With a flourish, Andy pul tape off his pants -- revealing rhinestones.  He removes pink coat -- putting on a white jeweled jacket. He combs his hair. Then he brushes his hair. Then he combs his hair some more. Finally he picks up a guitar, strikes a pose -- and spins around. He is ELVIS.  CONFIDENT.  SEXY.  LIP CURL.  DEAD-ON PERFE The crowd is blown away. Vegas Elvis INTRO MUSIC suddenly blasts.  Andy/Elvis swaggers stage left and takes a bow.  Then he goes stage right and takes a bow.  Then he returns stage left for another bow. Music STOPS.
14) 0) text: Andy is packing up his things.  He very methodically fold each item of clothing, then checks the creases. George strolls up.
15) 0) text: A Bohemian health food restaurant, staffed by hippie waitresses in sandals.  Andy and George sit together, try to get a sense of each other.
17) 0) text: The light is magical.  Soothing SITAR music plays.  Andy fifteen other BAREFOOT STUDENTS sit on mats in a semi- circle.  Eyes shut, bodies in different yoga positions, t are all meditating. Facing them on a throne-like chair sits a reverent, India YOGI.  At his feet is the class teacher, LITTLE WENDY, a teeny lady with an absurdly high-pitched voice.
18) 0) text: An AUDIENCE sits, waiting for the commercial to end. TECHIES tweak lights.  CAMERAMEN get ready. Sitting in VIP seats are Andy's FAMILY.  Stanley and Jani are in their late 50's, Michael and Carol in their 20's. They're all anxious.
20) 0) text: At that moment, Andy puts the boom box down and blares it loudly.  The THEME FROM "MIGHTY MOUSE" plays -- but Andy just blankly stands there. He's purposefully doing nothing.
23) 0) text: George jumps from his desk.  Andy is walking in.
23) 20) text: (he explodes) LISTEN, you arrogant putz!  I've been in this business for twenty years!  I know!  If you walk away from this opportunity, you will never, NEVER see another one like it again!!!! Long pause.  Andy stares at George, amazed at this passio Then Andy gets up and looks around the office.  He stares the awards... the gold records... emblems of success and experience. Andy thinks -- then nods.
23) 29) text: Nah, he just talks tough.  But I owe him one. Andy smiles ingenuously, then turns stern. ANDY (cont'd) If I'm the new Fonz... ABC's just gonna have to give me what I want. (a sarcastic FONZIE
29) 0) text: 1 a.m. in the supermarket.  Just a few people linger... including Andy, who's at the Space Invaders videogame.  A stares intently at the screen, eyes piercing, fingers hammering the buttons while he blows up Martians.  Andy i oblivious to all around him. In the b.g., George suddenly enters.  He looks around the market, then spots Andy.  He feverishly runs up. GEORGE
29) 1) text: Andy!
33) 0) text: Andy is meditating.  He's tranquil, at total inner peace. Silence -- until a little clock radio CHIRPS. Andy snaps his eyes open.  He exhales a few calm breaths, then sits upright.  Andy reaches for a sealed envelope, r it open, and removes a SCRIPT. Andy sighs, opens the script, and starts scanning the pag like a speedreader.
34) 0) text: Bleachers are full.  They're now filming TAXI (the same scene as earlier).  On cue, Andy enters as LATKA -- wide- eyed, endearing, in mechanic's overalls. Andy is hilarious.  The crowd HOWLS with laughter.
35) 0) text: TAXI curtain calls.  The whole cast takes bows, then runs offstage.  Everyone is grinning -- except Andy. He soberly strolls up to Zmuda.
37) 0) text: Andy is in a booth, arguing with a HEAVYSET TECHNICIAN. Zmuda watches and eats a banana.
37) 7) dialog: And now... in her television debut, the incredible Chubby Rosalie!! At that moment, Andy's image starts rolling across the screen, until it disappears into a blur of static...
38) 0) text: Andy's crappy apartment, which looks like a dorm room: Ch furniture, stained carpet, and a framed photo of the Maharishi.  Andy lies on his bed, which is covered with THOUSANDS OF LETTERS.  He happily chats on the phone.
39) 0) text: The sun is setting.  In an ugly shopping district, Andy walks along with sexy, wholesome MIMI.
40) 0) text: George screens Andy's TV Special for Maynard and his team The network execs look constipated. ON THE TV - Andy speaks tenderly, lovingly to Howdy Doody
41) 0) text: A delicatessen.  Andy wears an apron and angrily cleans tables.  He stacks dirty dishes and wipes up the food.  T BLUE COLLAR GUYS gesture from a booth.
42) 0) text: Andy is walking onstage.  The excited CLAPPING swells.  H a gigantic presence to these people. Andy smiles and bows.
43) 0) text: Zmuda is with the congas and props.  Andy runs up.
44) 0) text: Andy strides back out.  He gazes at the crowd.
44) 4) text: (he cracks open the book) Chapter One. (he starts READING) "In my younger and more vulnerable years, my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.  'Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone,' he told me, 'just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages you've had.'" There's a little NERVOUS LAUGHTER.  Is he really gonna re this? ANDY (BRITISH) (cont'd) "He didn't say any more, but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way, and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that..." Suddenly, somebody from the audience screams:
47) 0) text: People are streaming out.  Maybe fifty are left.  Andy realizes this -- but is committed.  He must continue.
48) 0) text: There are six people left in the audience.  Andy reads on
49) 0) text: Andy and Zmuda walk out, Zmuda squinting groggily.  They drag the suitcase containing the props.  They walk slowly towards their rental car, the campus totally deserted.
50) 0) text: George is yelling at Andy and Zmuda.  They are seated on couch, heads bowed in shame. GEORGE
50) 1) text: What kind of show was this                         (angrily reading off a LIST) There were three-hundred walkouts! The promoter wants a refund! Andy mumbles in a pipsqueak whimper.
51) 0) text: Andy is manically washing his hands.  Using liquid soap f the dispenser, then rubbing his hands under the water.  T more liquid soap.  More rubbing.  Then more liquid soap..
53) 0) text: A tattered sign says "Welcome to the MUSTANG RANCH."  The world-famous whorehouse sits behind a barb-wire fence. Dusty connected trailers sit in the sand. A CAR idles out front.  Zmuda and a scared Andy sit insid
54) 0) text: The reception room -- wood paneling and black-lite poster Music is playing.  Twenty deadpan HOOKERS are lined up. Andy, nervous as a high school kid, points at one... then another... then the first...
55) 0) text: Andy and the two hookers are WRESTLING.  They grapple and roll around, all three of them in their underwear. Suddenly Andy flips the girls over and pins them with his arms. Breathing hard, he stares down.
66) 0) text: Andy, Zmuda, George and Little Wendy are squeezed in a booth, laughing and celebrating.  They eagerly read the L Times. INSERT - The headline says "WHO IS TONY CLIFTON?"  Below a PHOTO of Tony being thrown off the Taxi set. They all HOWL.
69) 0) text: George is driving in his convertible.  Suddenly, somethin catches his eye -- and in shock he HITS the brakes.  Thre cars behind him SCREECH crazily, trying not to hit each other. George is oblivious.  He's staring up at a BILLBOARD. The BILLBOARD: It says "HARRAH'S TAHOE PRESENTS, ANDY KAUFMAN &amp; TONY CLIFTON!  TOGETHER ON STAGE!  ONE NIGH
71) 0) text: Magnificent HARRAH'S dominates the skyline.  The marquee blares "TONY CLIFTON AND ANDY KAUFMAN!"  George screeches in a rental car.  He jumps out and runs inside.
73) 0) text: George wanders the corridor, looking for the dressing roo He turns and finds a door marked "KAUFMAN".  Next to it i door marked "CLIFTON". George stares.  He thinks, then opens the "KAUFMAN" door. Andy is inside alone, gathering his things.  He's pleasan surprised to see George. George doesn't enter.  He goes to the "CLIFTON" door.  An follows.  George opens the mystery door...
74) 0) text: and inside, taking off the rubber Tony makeup, is Zmuda. George starts hyperventilating.  Shaking, he tries to sit himself down.  Andy enters, beaming.  George is amazed.
75) 0) text: Arnold Schwarzenegger, in his glory days as a body-builde on the cover of a magazine.  Magazines are everywhere.  B building.  Women's.  Wrestling. ANDY is sifting through them.  Zmuda watches, worried.
76) 0) text: CLOSE UP on Andy and Merv Griffin.  Andy wears a goofy wrestling outfit that resembles thermal underwear.  He is shouting like a wrestler.
77) 0) text: Andy and Lynne stand in the ring.  She scornfully watches him preen about.  Zmuda is in a referee's uniform.
79) 0) text: Jumbo-sized BEEFY MEN work out, sweating and groaning.  I corner, Andy lifts huge barbells.  George stares, pained.
81) 0) text: ANDY is at the box office, buying tickets.
82) 0) text: ANDY is standing in front, waiting.  A CAB stops and out steps -- Lynne.
83) 0) text: Andy hurries up to the candy counter.
85) 0) text: ANDY is standing in front, waiting.  A CAB stops and out steps -- Lynne.
86) 0) text: Andy hurries up to the candy counter.
88) 0) text: The arena is filled with furious BOOING SOUTHERN WRESTLIN FANS.  Ladies in hair nets.  Men clutching beer cans.  Th is a rougher crowd than we've seen before. Andy stands in the ring, unshaven in a torn green robe. He's screaming at them.
89) 0) text: DING!  The bell rings.  Foxy comes out, ready to brawl. Andy remains in his corner, running down the clock.  He nonchalantly peels off his robe.  Foxy dances around impatiently.  Andy casually removes a towel from his neck People BOO.  Still stalling, Andy then takes off his watc People SCREAM so furiously they're red-faced.  Andy is tormenting them.  A TATTOOED GUY jumps up.
90) 0) text: We hear NOISE from the main event above.  Andy and Lynne hurry along.  She is disgruntled.  He swaggers arrogantly still in his fighting outfit.
91) 0) text: George stares glumly at Andy.  Andy is quite cheerful -- eating a big piece of chocolate cake.
92) 0) text: The FRIDAYS CAST prepares.  In a corner, ANDY is arguing with director JACK BURNS.
92) 7) text: I was promised creative control! Andy storms off.  Eavesdropping cast shake their heads.
99) 0) text: Actors read the menus.  Suddenly Andy returns, a strange grin on his face.  He's swaying on his feet. The audience WHOOPS:  "Yeah!  All right!" Andy awkwardly sits.  He has a strange hesitancy.
101) 0) text: Silence.  Andy is torn up inside.
104) 0) text: Andy and Jack are socking each other.  A FLOOR DIRECTOR screams at the top of his lungs.
110) 0) text: Andy is meditating, eyes shut, at rest in his private oas Suddenly -- DESPERATE BANGING on the door.
111) 0) text: The THEME FROM "MIGHTY MOUSE" begins playing.  Then, ANDY strides in, a sneer on his grungy face.  The crowd SCREAM and BOOS pure pile.  Andy is euphoric, loving the hatred. Down in the front row sit Stanley, Janice, Zmuda, and Lyn Several PHOTOGRAPHERS take pictures of the parents.  They squint, unused to all this. Andy prances into the ring.  He takes the mike.
112) 0) text: And DING!  That's the bell!  Andy strikes a threatening pose.  Lawler takes a step forward -- and Andy instantly, cowardly, runs for the ropes and jumps out of the ring. BOOOOO!!!  Andy grins at the crowd and points at his brai I'm smarter.
113) 0) text: Andy is being carried by the Coliseum EMPLOYEES into the dressing room.  The entourage follows.  Zmuda pushes out crowd of REPORTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS, and ONLOOKERS.  He sla the door and locks it.
114) 0) text: Janice runs to Andy's side.  She's crying.
115) 0) text: Andy is being carried by the Coliseum EMPLOYEES into the dressing room.  The entourage follows.  Zmuda pushes out crowd of REPORTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS, and ONLOOKERS.  He sla the door and locks it.
116) 0) text: Janice runs to Andy's side.  She's crying.
117) 0) text: A crowd of reporters parts.  They make way for Andy, who carried out on the stretcher and loaded into a waiting AMBULANCE.  He is "unconscious." Cameras CLICK and FLASH.  The ambulance speeds away, sire WAILING.
118) 0) text: Andy sits watching an OLD DOCTOR examining a number of x- rays clipped to light panels.
119) 0) text: George, Zmuda and Andy are looking through hundreds of clippings from the newspapers.
121) 0) text: Andy and Jerry Lawler are on DAVID LETTERMAN'S show.  And is pallid, hair shaggy, in a neckbrace and tweed jacket. Husky Lawler wears loud red pants and gold chains. Andy speaks timidly, seeming a bit dazed and regretful.
124) 0) text: Tight on Andy, staring at the LA Times.  A small headline says "JOKESTER ANDY KAUFMAN VOTED OFF 'SATURDAY NIGHT LIV He is bothered.
126) 0) text: NINE STUDENTS, sitting in the Lotus position, are listeni to a teacher.  The teacher is Andy.
127) 0) text: Andy steps out.
128) 0) text: Middle of the afternoon, Andy lies in bed.  Covers pulled to his face, expression glum, he's like a tragic still-li Suddenly DING-DONG!  It's the doorbell. Andy ignores this.  Beat.  Another DING-DONG!  Then KNOCKING.
130) 0) text: Andy sits disoriented in the living room.  Movers bustle around him.  Mirrors get leaned against opposing walls -- and he finds himself looking into multiple reflections of himself. In the b.g., Lynne arranges some vases, then hurries out. Andy opens a box and pulls out his old Howdy Doody doll. smiles, then places Howdy on the shelf next to the vases. Suddenly a phone on the floor RINGS.  He grins.
131) 0) text: Very late -- a clock says 1:15.  A YOUNG COMIC is onstage performing to the DOZEN audience members left. In back walks... Andy.  Unshaven, morose, he quietly approaches paternal owner BUDD FRIEDMAN.  Budd sees him, grins, and gives him a hearty hug.  Andy points at the st and asks for something -- Budd eagerly nods.
133) 0) text: A BUSBOY sweeps up.  Budd counts money in the cash regist Andy shuffles out of the showroom.  He waves some bills.
134) 0) text: George is driving down Melrose, listening to the radio. glances at the passing marquee -- then does a doubletake. It says "ANDY KAUFMAN - 9 P.M."
136) 0) text: And it's packed!  Andy is onstage, playing struggling, lovable Foreign Man.
137) 0) text: Andy and George walk sadly down the street.  There is a horrible gloom over them.
138) 0) text: The telephone wakes up Lynne in the new bedroom.  She loo over -- Andy's not there.  She looks at the clock and it' 4:30 am.  She picks up the phone.
139) 0) text: Late-night Hollywood weirdos mill about.  Andy sits with bleary Lynne, Zmuda, and George.  Zmuda admires the menu.
141) 0) text: Andy is doing laundry.  He empties the clean clothes, put them in a basket, and carries them to the rug.  Then he s down and starts laying out pairs of socks in highly symmetrical patterns.  Focused, impassive, Andy pointless orders the socks like the world depended on it. Lynne enters, emotionally wrecked.  She stares in frustration at Andy's behavior.
142) 0) text: ANDY lies under the machine.  It bombards his body with powerful radiation.
145) 0) text: The house is dark.  Lynne leads George into the shrouded living room... and Andy is sitting in a Lotus position, concentrating.  In front is a WILD-HAIRED MAN in a purple robe.
146) 0) text: The drapes are open.  Sunlight streams in.  Andy hugs the teacher goodbye, and the man leaves. George has been waiting in back.
148) 2) text: Andy, George and Zmuda watch.  Andy's face is enthralled like a kid.
149) 0) text: Andy silently sits.  The doctor and two NURSES administer chemo drip into Andy's body. He stares at the needle in his arm. The chemo begins.
150) 0) text: A dressy NEW YORK CROWD pushes into Carnegie Hall.  The marquee says "ANDY KAUFMAN."
151) 0) text: The show is on.  Andy effusively PLAYS his conga drum and SINGS nonsense words to "Allouette, Gentille Alloutte."
152) 0) text: The corny "Jingle Jangle Cowboy" MOVIE is playing on a bi screen.  It finishes.  Beaming Andy grabs the mike.
153) 0) text: Andy watches, pleased.  Suddenly, he COUGHS harshly.  And drinks some water.  Pause... then he puts on a goofy Indi headdress and runs back out.
154) 0) text: Eleanor lies dead.  Andy skips over and starts doing an Indian war dance around her body.  The crowd is baffled. Andy WHOOPS, he CHANTS... and then Eleanor starts to rise He WHOOPS triumphantly.  She lives, like Frankenstein reborn!  The crowd CHEERS, surprised and giggling.
155) 0) text: A thousand people file out -- and THIRTY-FIVE SCHOOLBUSES are parked up and down Fifth Avenue!!!  The crowd is AWED Andy euphorically marches out, pushing his endurance.  He the Pied Piper.
157) 0) text: The audience crowds inside... and LADY CAFETERIA WORKERS hairnets are dispensing milk and cookies.  It's remarkabl At a little kids table sit Andy and Lynne.  Andy's face i pure joy.  He watches all the adults munching on their cookies, everyone giddy at the silliness of it all. Andy smiles beautifully.  He squeezes Lynne's hand, then whispers.
159) 0) text: A room with soft lighting and billowing curtains.  A New HEALER is laying crystals upon Andy's body. Andy COUGHS.  His hat is off, revealing he's bald.
161) 0) text: Zmuda angrily packs Andy's bags.  Zmuda is seething. But Andy is strangely calm and unaffected.
162) 0) text: Lynne and Little Wendy are cooking Andy lunch.  Lynne mas up strange unidentifiable plant products.
163) 0) text: The sun is setting, purple and orange over the hills.  An and George lie on chaise lounges, serenely staring out. Andy has a blank look on his face, and has lost more weig He is a shadow of himself.
165) 0) text: Andy, Lynne, and Zmuda ride through the impoverished city Andy stares in amazement.
167) 0) text: A NURSE hurriedly helps weakened Andy sign a bunch of for Money is handed over. Andy's clothes are stripped off.  They're thrown in a locker.
168) 0) text: A large white tiled room.  Lynne and Zmuda roll in pallid Andy, his limp body unmoving. Andy looks up... and there's a LONG LINE OF SICKLY PEOPLE Primarily Japanese, emaciated, all stripped to their underwear and barely able to stand. They have a look of desperation and reverence. At the head of the line is JUN ROXAS at his work station: bench, a sink, and ATTENDANTS with clean towels. A SICKLY WOMAN crawls onto the bench.  Jun impassively presses his hand into the fatty flesh of her stomach, kneading, searching.  Pause, then he removes some BLOODY GUTS. He flings them into a bucket. The woman cries out. Andy gasps. The woman is helped away. Jun turns to wash his hands.  An attendant gives him a to to dry with.  Then a SICKLY MAN crawls up... Andy rolls closer.  He stares at all this with fear. Nervousness.  Hope. Jun impassively presses his hand against the man's head. concentrates, searching... then pulls out some BLOODY GUT He flings them into a bucket. The man shakes.  He is helped away. Andy is wide-eyed.  He gets closer... closer... More patients.  More bloody guts.  More sobbing. Andy's excitement builds. Then -- he reaches the front. A moment. Lynne and Zmuda stare into Andy's eyes, drawn in by his total belief.  They are overcome.  It feels like they're saying goodbye.  Lynne gives Andy a tender kiss.  Zmuda starts to shake his hand -- and instead hugs him tightly. Andy smiles, then the attendants lift him from the wheelchair.  They help him up to the bench. Andy lies down.  Fluorescent lights buzz overhead. He looks over, and Jun Roxas is washing his hands from th previous patient. Andy shivers, anticipating the miracle. Jun turns.  An attendant gives him a towel to dry off. Andy relaxes, readying for it all... He glances at Jun's hands.  Jun hands back the towel -- a under it the attendant quickly slips Jun a sack of animal intestines. Jun discreetly palms it.  He's a fake.
169) 0) text: Andy lies in peace in a casket.  He has died. His expression is pleasantly bland.  Almost Latka-like. his face is caked with so much funeral-home makeup, it almost looks like a mask. We slowly widen.  The casket is surrounded by beautiful flowers.  We TILT UP... and high above... is a MOVIE SCRE On the SCREEN is a projection of Andy, silently staring a us.  There's a gentle smile on his face.  It's the image from the opening of this film. ANDY'S POV: The chapel is filled with GRIEVING MOURNERS. All are in black.  Everyone's quiet, in a state of shock. Andy's family is huddled. Lynne sits alone in a pew, crying. George gives Zmuda a hug.  Little Wendy comes over... and they comfort each other. Everyone who ever knew Andy is there: Taxi cast, Fridays cast, TM followers, hookers, Jerry Lawler, Ed Weinberger, Maynard Smith, Budd Friedman, it goes on and on... And -- they all have odd discombobulated expressions.  Th stare up at the PROJECTED ANDY.