1) 1) dialog: So you know the movie I'm talking about. It was unfairly labeled a Tarantino film even though he’s only listed as an Executive Producer. Remember the sex scene with Nosferatu on the TV in the background? Mindfuck if ever there was one...
1) 23) dialog: Do her how Ron Jeremy would.
1) 30) dialog: Dude, we have to put the keg somewhere. It rolls forward and SLAMS into the bed, shaking her. The door closes again and the room is again shrouded in darkness.
1) 31) dialog: I'm next... Suddenly, mid-thrust, the townie heaves up a mouthful of barf, spraying it onto Lauren's back with a satisfying SPLASH. The disruption causes all three people, Lauren included, slip and fall off the bed, pulling the sheets with them a CRASHING into a desk or something.
1) 32) dialog: Gross, dude! Leave me with sloppy seconds, why don’t you? The townie lurches forward and grabs a cheap wicker waste basket, the kind you buy at Target, and lets round two co gushing out into it. Of course, it splashes out and splatters onto Lauren and the guy who might be an NYU fil student. For a moment she focuses on the townie's shirt, it's a sh sleeved button-down with a cartoony donkey pattern printe it. Lauren shuts her eyes. FREEZE FRAME: Lauren sits there, locked in time, a wretch moment that's almost humble in its horrible nature.
1) 39) dialog: (talking backwards) ?Puoy t’nod yhw ,sdnoces yppols htiw em evaeL !edud, ssorG The barf seems to get sucked out of the basket and back i the townies mouth. They all tumble and slip BACKWARDS up onto the bed. He sucks the vomit off of her back through air and into his mouth until she's clean again. TRACK SLOWLY AWAY AND OUT OF THE ROOM as Lauren finds her back on her face and knees getting it from behind, but wi strange REVERSE thrusts.
1) 40) dialog: (his voice running backwards) -..txen m'I Around now we notice that the SOUND IS FLOWING BACKWARDS well. The tomandandy song can be heard MUFFLED THROUGH TH FLOOR -- "yik-yakking" as it is WOUND BACKWARDS. The townies GRUNTS HAVE REVERSED into a SUCKING SOUND. The door flings open and floods the trio in light, sudden the keg rolls backwards back through the door and into th hands of the guys who rolled it in.
1) 41) dialog: (his voice running backwards) -erehwemos gek eht tup to evah ew ,eduD TRACK BACKWARDS (IN REVERSE) and OUT THE DOOR INTO...