16) 129) dialog: Sari’s pregnant.
16) 131) dialog: What’s to tell? Claudia’s been talking to her all morning.
16) 135) dialog: Then she’s dropping out and going to Europe. I guess.
16) 150) dialog: (being frank) Losing it. Leaving childhood behind. (to the others) She actually looks through a book of genital diseases every Friday night to deter herself from having sex. (CONTINUED )
16) 153) dialog: Don’t take it the wrong way. We’re your friends--
16) 155) dialog: It's just that what boys want is pussy. They just love it. They spent nine months getting out and the rest of their lives trying to get back in. If they want a blowjob or backdoor they dont need to come to us.
16) 158) dialog: It’s a simple equation. If you want to keep a guy you have to make him feel like he’s getting something he can’t get from another guy.
16) 160) dialog: (to the others) She gets it.
16) 162) dialog: Look, we’re not telling you to lose it to the next Brady that comes along. But you need to gain some experience before Victor gets back. (CONTINUED )
16) 166) dialog: If you want to keep him. And for god’s sake wear a condom. At that moment, LANCE LAWSON, a philosophy teacher in his late forties who’s still handsome enough to flirt with th students, walks by holding a tray.
16) 170) dialog: Wrong. Never invite a “grup”, let alone a grup teacher, to our room.
16) 172) dialog: Let go of my arm. Lauren, he’s married.
16) 175) dialog: You don’t want him to leave his wife for you. Just to do you. Maybe you should consider him. Kill two birds with one stone. Lose your virginity and raise your GPA. (CONTINUED )
20) 61) dialog: Is your ultimate deterrent to a Friday night party working? (CONTINUED )
20) 64) dialog: Enough fantasizing. Victor is three thousand miles away. Use the Book. Lauren flips through a few more pages of horrific genital rashes and boils. She holds up the book for Lara to see.
20) 66) dialog: (flat) Scooby Doo. Lara looks at herself in the mirror, studying her figure.
20) 67) dialog: How do I look?
20) 69) dialog: Skinny?
20) 71) dialog: Bulimic skinny or anorexic skinny?
20) 73) dialog: Bulimic skinny passes for healthy. Except your teeth rot -- but my teeth aren't rotting, so...
20) 77) dialog: Lauren -- I'm telling you, it's amazing how much weight you lose when you're off the pill.
20) 79) dialog: Do the math. If a condom is 98% safe and he wears two, then you’re 196% safe. That's a better percentage than the pill can offer.
20) 81) dialog: Whatever. I don’t know. I don’t major in math. Lauren nods. Lara gets her stuff ready to leave.
20) 82) dialog: So are you going, or not?
20) 84) dialog: Lauren, listen to your friend and roommate: You need to get laid. You need to lose your virginity. If you don’t lose it in college you’re never gonna lose it. (beat) You can’t spend your life waiting for Victor. And don’t spend all night waiting up for me. Lauren looks at her for a while as this sinks in and then finally nods. She then looks out the window at the party across campus at the Edge of the World...
24) 0) text: Lauren walks out of the hallway. She passes Lara, who is frumpled and exhausted looking.
24) 1) dialog: (bleary-eyed) How could you possibly go out this early in the morning?
24) 3) dialog: It’s Saturday... Lauren continues on down the hall as Lara walks to the ro and unlocks the door. Lauren smirks. Suddenly the SCREEN DIVIDES INTO A SPLIT SCREEN, with Sean on the other side:
32) 34) dialog: I doubt it.
32) 36) dialog: She’s been looking at the Book.
32) 38) dialog: It's this big medical book she has of Venereal Diseases. Before a party she looks through it to discourage herself from going. It’s got some pretty nasty imagery. Helps her to focus on homework. lets this sink in.
32) 42) dialog: Nope. (beat) You wanna get me another beer? Paul, wearing all black, walks in through the front door Booth and scans the room. He spots Sean and then notices that he’s talking to Lara. A grimace of jealousy crosses face. Then Sean walks across the room to the keg, leaving Lara alone for a moment. This is Paul’s chance... He bee-lines over to him.
32) 58) dialog: Hey Lauren. This is...
32) 60) dialog: Jim from Dartmouth.
32) 63) dialog: He thinks it’s the Dressed To Get Screwed Party. You want him? I/’11 give him to you. (CONTINUED )
32) 67) dialog: Sure? I don’t see Victor around...
32) 69) dialog: Sean Bateman? He ran off with Paul Denton.
32) 71) dialog: I don’t know...
32) 73) dialog: Right.
32) 75) dialog: So you’re out on the prowl again?
36) 3) dialog: (snort) So tonight’s the night?
36) 5) dialog: Who’s the lucky boy? (CONTINUED )
36) 9) dialog: You do if you want me out of the room tonight.
36) 11) dialog: Sean Bateman?!
36) 13) dialog: He’s a drug dealer.
36) 15) dialog: Did you not hear me? Drug-dealer. Hello. Lara leans over and snorts another line.
36) 17) dialog: Zzshing? Lauren SNORTS a full line.
36) 19) dialog: Zzshing. I’ve never heard that.
36) 23) dialog: I don’t know. Sounds kind of weird. Maybe you're afflicted with Synesthesia.
36) 26) dialog: A clinical disorder which causes you to see what you hear and hear what you see. The uncontrolled combination of senses. You should probably get it checked out. Prozac might help. Lara lowers down and SNORTS another line as Lauren pensiv ponders it.
39) 0) text: Sean is standing in the in the bathroom eating dried magi mushrooms as if they were fried pork rinds while Lara cho lines of coke on a CD pearlcase. Both of them are wearing togas. (CONTINUED )
39) 4) dialog: Thank god you’re still dealing. Lara leans down and SNORTS some cocaine from a CD on the porcelain toilet top. She lifts her head back and shakes nose back and forth, knocking back any would-be “crumbs”.
39) 5) dialog: (rubbing her gums with her coke dabbed finger) Those are grown in shit. They taste better when you eat them with peanut butter. Sean starts to DRY HEAVE.
40) 0) text: Sean and Lara are standing next to each other at the part Sean is a FUZZY BLUR. Quite literally. He’s actually smea and blurred. Lara, on the other hand, is crystal clear an damn near PIXILATED She seems composited from every fourt of fifth frame -- resulting in a jerky, erratic state. Sh lights a cigarette. Sean looks at her, his face smearing as he turns. He look at her, his pupils are so big that his eyes are almost bl Lara is Lara one moment, and then suddenly it’s Lauren. Still pixilated and stop motion, but now it’s Lauren. Sea blinks his eyes. It’s her. Laura has turned into Lauren.
40) 2) dialog: No.
40) 6) dialog: I have a boyfriend. Remember?
40) 8) dialog: Did you know I was born in a Holiday Inn?
40) 10) dialog: Oh baby... Suddenly, Sean ejaculates with a PROLONGED GROAN and (we presume) spurt, spurt... She starts MOANING and humping up and down.
40) 12) text: Suddenly, as if the high just ended, everything goes clea and Sean realizes that the girl his dick is inside isn’t Lauren -- but Lara.
40) 17) dialog: Yeah? Confirmation...it’s Lara, not Lauren.
40) 19) dialog: (confused) Did you come yet? Sean pauses quixotically. Didn’t she notice his vocal expiration?
46) 0) text: Lauren is SCREAMING and SCREAMING and SCREAMING as she ma the hundred yard dash across the Commons. INT. BOOTH HOUSE - SEAN’S ROOM - MORNING 107 Sean is asleep when suddenly he’s awakened by the SCREAMI and a POUNDING on his window. He jerks up. Lara is next t him. He looks at her and then parts the curtains to see w is outside of his window. It’s Lauren. The sight of her SCREAMING causes him to SCR which causes Lara to SCREAM. Then, everyone stops. Silence. Lauren looks at Lara, naked in bed with Sean. Lara looks Sean, then to Lauren. Sean to Lauren, then to Lara, then back to Lauren... Lauren’s eyes roll up into her head and she faints.
48) 9) dialog: She’s not ever going to want to see you again. Face it... She smiles, satisfied with herself, and takes a long drag from her cigarette. She then blows the smoke in his face.
48) 10) dialog: (continuing) You fucked up. Sean takes a step toward her and then suddenly cold cocks with a solid punch to the nose, bursting it like a spoile tomato. Lara, stunned, stumbles backwards and then falls onto her ass on the floor. Sean turns and walks out.
60) 3) dialog: You’re not going to be mad at me anymore when I tell you what I’m about to tell you. You may even thank me. Lauren looks up. Totally blank expression. (CONTINUED)
60) 6) dialog: I just talked to Claudia. She says that Victor’s back. She saw him at the Carousel last night. Lauren gets up off the bed and actually hugs Lara.