0) 3) dialog: (continuing) She had given him mono, just after she gave him directions.
1) 2) dialog: (continuing) So this guy from NYU, or wherever, who wasn’t even a good Victor facsimile... QUICK PAN/TRACK IN ON: Lauren, trying to keep focus and nodding as if she knows (but doesn't) what he’s talking about, is sitting opposite from him on the couch.
1) 3) dialog: (nodding) Yeah. Yeah.
1) 4) dialog: (continuing) .--and I were talking on this ratty, old couch, underneath, and I remember this-- QUICK TILT TO REVEAL: A poster of a giant smiling Ronald Reagan, that someone has drawn a Hitler moustache on, is on the wall directly above and between them.
1) 5) dialog: (continuing) --a big poster of Ronald Reagan that someone had drawn a Hitler moustache on -- maybe it was a Charlie Chaplin moustache. I dunno... (CONTINUED )
1) 8) dialog: (continuing) .---and I kept agreeing with his likes and dislikes all the time thinking that while he might not be Victor he was cute enough, and I was sure that I was mispronouncing all these filmmakers’ names, remembering all the wrong actors, naming the wrong cinematographers, but I wanted him... His eyeline wanders and focuses on someone else across th room.
1) 9) dialog: (continuing) .---and I could see that his gaze was drifting toward Kristin Notneff... SWISH PAN AND TRACK IN ON: The Louise Brooks-looking KRIS NOTNEFF, who turns her eyes, from WHATEVER CONVERSATION S IN, to meet the eyes of the guy who may be an NYU student Smile.
1) 10) dialog: (continuing) ---and she was looking back at him with confidence because she knew that underneath her clothes she was wearing a black bra and black panties -- complete with garter belt -- which I wasn't. CLOSE ON: Lauren, knowing that if she wants this guy, who might be an NYU Film major, she's going to have to make a move, or else the garter belt girl is going to steal him away.
1) 11) dialog: (continuing) But I had the next best thing... Lauren leans in and WHISPERS into the guys ear.
1) 12) dialog: (whispering) I've got a joint in my room.
1) 14) dialog: (continuing) Except it wasn't my room. It was Lorna Slavin's room, who was off campus at her boyfriends house...probably swallowing his DNA. Lauren sits down on the bed, totally fucked up, but seduc despite her condition.
1) 15) dialog: (continuing) And I didn't have a joint either -- and if I did I didn't know where it was because it would have been Lorna Slavin's joint. He didn't really even care when I told him I didn't have one. The guy who might be from NYU sits down on the bed next t her and makes his move. He leans in and starts kissing he Almost immediately her eyes roll into the back of her hea and she passes out.
1) 17) dialog: (continuing) I must have passed out around then...
1) 19) dialog: (continuing) When I came to I tried to take off my bra, but was still too drunk...and he was already fucking me. She looks back, kind of annoyed, and sure enough, she's b fucked from behind. GRUNT, GRUNT, GRUNT -- with every exhalation comes a thrust. She starts MOANING with every plunge into her. (CONTINUED )
1) 22) dialog: (continuing) But he didn't know I was a virgin and that it hurt -- not that badly, only a little bit of sharp pain, but not as bad as I had been taught to expect, but not exactly pleasant either -- and that's when I heard another voice in the room... She lifts her head and tries to look back behind her to determine the source of the VOICE.
1) 24) dialog: (continuing) .---and I remember the weight on the bed shifting and realizing that this person behind me wasn't the NYU film student guy, but someone else-- TRACK UP FROM Lauren to a TOWNIE is grasping her ass and fucking her from behind with porn movie thrusts. He has a blue Viagra pill on his tongue and is holding a plastic b cup in one hand. He swallows the pill with a swig of beer
1) 26) dialog: (continuing) Ohmygod, it was some townie. I had actually lost my virginity to a townie. TRACK BACK DOWN TO Lauren as she lays her drunken head ba onto the pillow and shuts her eyes, trying to block out t thrusting. LONG, SLOW ZOOM IN ON: her closed eyes.
1) 27) dialog: (continuing) This wouldn't have happened with Victor. He would have taken me gently in his big strong Drama major arms and undressed me quietly, expertly, taken the bra off with grace and ease, kissed me deeply, tenderly, and it probably wouldn't have hurt. I should have given myself to Victor last term, when I had the chance-- (CONTINUED )
1) 34) dialog: She has just won the Gold Medal for the most pathetic los virginity of all time. (CONTINUED )
1) 37) dialog: (sardonic) I always knew it would be like this. Suddenly... Lauren, the possible NYU Film major, and the townie all s to MOVE IN
5) 0) text: TRACK BACKWARDS past Lauren, walking drunkenly in REVERSE down the stairs with the guy who might be an NYU film maj as she takes him to Lorna Slavin’s room... CONTINUE TRACKING BACKWARDS through the party. All of the PARTY-GOERS are moving in REVERSE.... CONTINUE TRACKING BACKWARDS past the guy watching the bee bonger as he REVERSE regurgitates the bag of chips one at time... CONTINUE TRACKING BACKWARDS past the guy with a large bee bong. He lifts it up and it’s as if the beer comes flowin out of his mouth -- filling up the long tube. CONTINUE TRACKING BACKWARDS past Stuart, forever engaged his shirtless solo dance... (CONTINUED )
11) 0) text: WIDE SHOT: It’s morning at Camden. It could be any mornin A FEW STUDENTS are walking to class. A GUY ON A BICYCLE wheels silently by. LAUREN walks by, on her way to the dining hall.
14) 0) text: EXTREME WIDE SHOT: The three of them, Lauren, Paul, and Sean, approach the dining hall from various directions ar campus.
16) 127) dialog: walks up to a table from the soda dispensers, having just filled a large Styrofoam cup with Diet Coke. From the background we see Sean and Paul taking seats at their respective tables.
16) 128) dialog: Where’s Sari? Sitting at the table are a PACK OF GIRLS. LARA is an extr version of Lauren: Lara smokes more, poses more, talks mo and wears more black. CLAUDIA comes from money, and it shows. TORI is thin, with long hair -- a young Morticia.
16) 130) dialog: (pulling up a chair) No shit. You’re kidding. Tell me about it.
16) 133) dialog: No way. What’s she doing about it? I mean -- when?
16) 136) dialog: Maybe I should go to Europe. Find Victor. Finally lose my virginity.
16) 140) dialog: Not...exactly. I mean, you’re still a virgin if you only do blowjobs and anal, right? They all nod “yes” in unison. Lauren smiles, relieved.
16) 141) dialog: Whew! Then I’m still a virgin. (explaining further) I wasn’t sure about Victor at the time -- but now I’m positive that he’s the one. So I'm going to save myself until he gets back.
16) 143) dialog: What?
16) 145) dialog: How was I supposed to know he would go gay on me?
16) 147) dialog: So what are you saying?
16) 149) dialog: Defense against what?
16) 152) dialog: Excuse me, but you can hardly quantify the situation that way. I have carnal knowledge with boys all the time. Just because it’s not vaginal--
16) 159) dialog: (realization) Fuuuuhhhhhck. What have I been doing?
16) 161) dialog: So what do I do?
16) 168) dialog: Hi, Lance. Lance walks off and sits at a table with some TEACHERS. Lauren grabs Lara by the arm and squeezes.
16) 169) dialog: He’s so handsome. Isn’t he handsome?
16) 171) dialog: (squeezing tighter) He can come by anytime.
16) 173) dialog: I don’t care. So what.
16) 179) dialog: I’m beginning to think that I’m beginning to think that romance is a foreign concept...
17) 0) text: SEAN enters the Post Office. A FEW OTHER STUDENTS mill ab writing letters while standing, buying stamps, CHATTING. Sean heads towards the student mailboxes. Sean opens his box and pulls several letters out. Mostly junk and fliers to clubs. Nothing personal, except: A fan purple envelope with a simple hand-drawn heart around the hand-typed name “Sean Bateman”. All the other mail gets thrown into a large trashcan. Sean looks around the room to see if anyone is watching h Anybody could have dropped this note in his box. There’s COUPLE KISSING near the window, Lauren is walking down th hall past the post office, Paul and the dumb blond kid fr L.A. are playing Frisbee golf nearby. But no one is looki at him. Sean lifts the purple letter to his nose, almost as if by compulsion, and smells it -- it’s scented. He shuts his eyes. He then eagerly opens it and as he pulls the lavender let out from inside glitter falls from the letter and onto hi sweater. Instead of being upset, Sean is pleasantly surprised and delighted.
18) 0) text: Lauren enters a large lecture hall, where a class is to b taking place. It’s empty. Written on the chalkboard is: “My wife left me for my T.A. All classes this term are cancelled. Life sucks. Ciao.” She stands there for a moment, and then leaves.
20) 63) dialog: To an extent. But they’re just too beautiful -- in a minimalist sort of way. The ultimate deterrent would be Victor. The two of us could stay in. Maybe watch “Breakfast at Tiffany's”. Drink some wine coolers...
20) 65) dialog: What does this remind you of? Degas? Seurat? Renoir?
20) 68) dialog: Well, since you asked, you're looking really skinny.
20) 70) dialog: Skinny.
20) 72) dialog: Is there a difference?
20) 74) dialog: So you look bulimic skinny? (CONTINUED )
20) 78) dialog: Yeah. Until the fifty pounds you gain when you get knocked up.
20) 80) dialog: I’m not sure it works that way. I mean abstinence is 100% safe, which is less of a percentage than--
20) 83) dialog: I don’t know. I have an early class tomorrow.
23) 0) text: IN A SERIES OF QUICK SHOTS: Lauren goes about her morning constitutionals of shitting, showering, brushing her teet flossing, drying and brushing her hair, putting on what little makeup she puts on...
24) 0) text: Lauren walks out of the hallway. She passes Lara, who is frumpled and exhausted looking.
24) 2) dialog: I have class.
25) 0) text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS: Lauren walks out of her dorm and across campus. She passes a part of the Commons where she can see the devastation from the End of the World Party. People are rolling kegs away. She walks up to the Dickens Building...
27) 0) text: Lauren walks down the large, wide hallway that looks like was last remodeled in the Eighties. She walks up to the class. It’s empty. She starts walking down the hallway an to the teacher offices...
29) 0) text: Sean is coming down the hall, trying to find the room. He at one end of the hall and Lauren is at the other. Both o them are at opposite sides of the SPLIT SCREEN. They noti each other and slowly approach, until they’re standing FA EACH OTHER BUT ON SEPARATE SIDES OF THE SPLIT SCREEN.
29) 2) dialog: The tutorial on the post modern condition? It’s been cancelled.
29) 4) dialog: I haven't seen you in it before.
29) 6) dialog: (blunt, with good humor) You’ve got bad timing.
29) 8) dialog: Me too.
29) 10) dialog: Yeah. I think I’m gonna change my major.
29) 14) dialog: I don’t know yet. What’s yours?
29) 16) dialog: You're Sean Bateman, right?
29) 18) dialog: Right. I bought some pot from you last term. It was good. A little seedy though.
29) 20) dialog: Ancient history. The ANGLE ON BOTH OF THEM ROTATES until the TWO HALVES OF SPLIT SCREEN MERGE INTO A SINGLE TWO SHOT...the line betw them vanishing.
29) 22) dialog: (seductively, bating) Well, Sean Bateman. Maybe I’‘1l see you at the next pre-Saturday party party. Sean watches her as she walks down the hall and out of th door. Then he reaches into his pocket and takes out one o the purple love letters. He unfolds it and looks at it, smells it...
32) 62) dialog: May as well. The guy from Dartmouth goes over to the keg to get Lauren Lara a beer. When he’s out of earshot she turns to Lauren
32) 66) dialog: No. You keep him. My standards are a little higher than a guy whose opening line is “Brewski for Youski”.
32) 68) dialog: How about Sean Bateman? Have you seen him?
32) 70) dialog: You think...?
32) 72) dialog: He must just be selling him something.
32) 74) dialog: Right.
32) 76) dialog: The Book just didn’t do it tonight. I think I need a more hard-core deterrence. She looks around the room, scanning it. At that moment Lauren’s teacher, Mr. Lawson, walks in. He looks over at and walks over.
36) 4) dialog: (snort) I’m going all the way.
36) 8) dialog: I don’t kiss and tell.
36) 10) dialog: (excited, smiling) Okay. Okay. (prepare yourself) Sean Bateman.
36) 12) dialog: Sean Bateman.
36) 14) dialog: I don’t know. We had this...thing. This...moment.
36) 16) dialog: I know. But I’ve done my comparison shopping. He made me zzshing.
36) 18) dialog: You know. Zzshing. That audible sound you hear that no one else hears that lets you know when someone is going to play an important part in your life.
36) 20) dialog: You will...someday. (CONTINUED )
36) 24) dialog: Which is.
36) 28) dialog: Pure. Sweet. FIRST PERSON SUPER-8 FOOTAGE with super- saturated colors. There’s a river and Lauren is swimming it -- swinging from a tire swing -- laying under a rivers tree. Lauren is being tickled on a picnic blanket. She’s hurriedly pulling her clothes off. She’s having sex. Biti each other. Sleeping...
40) 0) text: Sean and Lara are standing next to each other at the part Sean is a FUZZY BLUR. Quite literally. He’s actually smea and blurred. Lara, on the other hand, is crystal clear an damn near PIXILATED She seems composited from every fourt of fifth frame -- resulting in a jerky, erratic state. Sh lights a cigarette. Sean looks at her, his face smearing as he turns. He look at her, his pupils are so big that his eyes are almost bl Lara is Lara one moment, and then suddenly it’s Lauren. Still pixilated and stop motion, but now it’s Lauren. Sea blinks his eyes. It’s her. Laura has turned into Lauren.
40) 12) text: Suddenly, as if the high just ended, everything goes clea and Sean realizes that the girl his dick is inside isn’t Lauren -- but Lara.
46) 0) text: Lauren is SCREAMING and SCREAMING and SCREAMING as she ma the hundred yard dash across the Commons. INT. BOOTH HOUSE - SEAN’S ROOM - MORNING 107 Sean is asleep when suddenly he’s awakened by the SCREAMI and a POUNDING on his window. He jerks up. Lara is next t him. He looks at her and then parts the curtains to see w is outside of his window. It’s Lauren. The sight of her SCREAMING causes him to SCR which causes Lara to SCREAM. Then, everyone stops. Silence. Lauren looks at Lara, naked in bed with Sean. Lara looks Sean, then to Lauren. Sean to Lauren, then to Lara, then back to Lauren... Lauren’s eyes roll up into her head and she faints.
48) 0) text: Sean is POUNDING on Lauren’s door.
48) 2) dialog: Fuck you! In the background the POLICE are taking the body bag out the bathroom. A SMALL CROWD OF STUDENTS has formed to see what’s going on.
48) 7) dialog: I don’t ever want to see you again!
49) 0) text: Lauren walks down the hall until she comes to Sean’s door She KNOCKS. No answer. She then tries the knob. 113 114 "The Rules of Attraction" www.avary.com 111. INT. BOOTH HOUSE - SEAN’S ROOM - NIGHT 113 Lauren peeks her head into the dark room.
49) 1) dialog: Sean? I got your message. You're right. We have to talk. She turns on the light and is greeted with the ghastly im of Sean, his wrists and neck covered with blood, holding broken beer bottle -- his eyes popping wide in a death st She GASPS and covers her mouth, swallowing a scream. Sean can’t hold it any longer, he starts LAUGHING. Lauren shock quickly turns to anger.
49) 2) dialog: Asshole! You're fucking sick! I was willing to talk, but now...fuck you! She turns and rushes out the door. Sean’s LAUGHTER peters out and he eventually just sits there, emotionally dead.
61) 0) text: The leaves have fallen and the air is cold. A fresh blank of snow lays on the ground as tiny white specks fill the night air. A stark chill has enveloped the campus. Lauren is walking across campus when suddenly Sean runs u her.
61) 4) dialog: It’s over.
61) 6) dialog: Yes it is. I’m in love with someone else. Sean is blank.
61) 8) dialog: My old boyfriend. Victor. (CONTINUED )
61) 12) dialog: Yes.
61) 14) dialog: It’s over, Sean. Deal with it.
61) 16) dialog: What does that mean? Know me? Know me? No one ever knows anyone else. Ever. You will never know me. Sean starts to tremble, like he’s going to cry.
61) 17) dialog: I didn’t know it would be like this...or I never would have gone down this road. She turns and walks off. Sean watches her leave. He then rips open the letter and starts to read it. He feels cold
63) 0) text: Lauren walks down the hallway until she comes to Victor’s room. She composes herself, bridling her excitement, and then KNOCKS.
63) 1) dialog: You don’t know what a drag it is to see you. (CONTINUED )
63) 7) dialog: Victor, it’s me.
63) 9) dialog: Why haven’t you called?
67) 0) text: Windham house stands in the dark of the storm, the PARTY STILL AUDIBLE within... Paul and Lauren come out of the house. It is snowing and white flurry speckles against the darkness of the Commons Paul and Lauren lock eyes and walk silently next to each other for quite a while before either speaks. Finally...
67) 1) dialog: How are you, Mr. Denton?
67) 3) dialog: Okay.
67) 5) dialog: Art. Well, Poetry. Well, actually Art. Um--
67) 9) dialog: Interdivisional. There’s a long pause as they walk. Both of them seem brok emotionally.
67) 11) dialog: Yeah? Great. That’s great.
67) 13) dialog: Whose box?
67) 15) dialog: I didn’t put notes into anyone’s box.
67) 17) dialog: No. It wasn’t me. Wrong person. Paul smiles.
67) 19) dialog: It doesn’t matter anyway. Not to people like him. (after thinking about it) Not to people like us. Then, from the darkness and flurry of snowflakes comes th UNMISTAKABLE SOUND OF A MOTORCYCLE. It comes close, until visible as a silhouette in the din of snow. The engine SPUTTERS and the cycle SKIDS to a stop. Sean, seated atop the motorcycle, sits there looking at Paul and Lauren -- obscured by the falling snow. Then he REVS THE ENGINE and speeds off. Lauren stands there, empty. (CONTINUED )