19) 2) dialog: You’re going to have to sell that bike of yours, that’s what’s going on.
19) 4) dialog: Where’s my money, college boy?
19) 8) dialog: Not funny. Rupert deftly and swiftly grabs Sean’s hand and bends the hand back on the wrist, spinning him around and forcing S to his knees. Guest, the bald Jamaican, peeks out from behind his magaz The white trash girl doesn’t even notice (in fact, she doesn’t notice anything throughout the entire scene...jus watches MTV).
19) 9) dialog: You like this? They taught it to me in the Army. One of seventeen hand-to-hand combat methods of rendering your enemy defenseless. All I have to do is apply positive pressure to rip your carpals free from your metacarpals and you'll be unable to operate your weapon.
19) 11) dialog: That's why you get a little time, homes. He walks over to the mirror and wipes it with his finger then rubs his gums. He then turns and sits in a large, ra Easyboy recliner.
19) 12) dialog: You want some coke? He waves to the rock of cocaine the size of the coffee mu the table.
19) 14) dialog: Then buy some of your own, bitch. Now get the fuck out of my crib. Go get me my money! (CONTINUED )
19) 18) dialog: I think you’re a rich fucking motherfucker who owes me a fucking shitload of fuckin’ cash, that’s what I fuckin’ think, you rich motherfuckin’ motherfucker! You want some fuckin’ blow you bring me some fuckin’ cash, motherfucker! Fuck! You! He pauses and flares his nostrils. For a moment we think that the veins on his forehead might just explode. Then h sharply bends over and picks up the gun from the table.
19) 20) dialog: I’1l show you tense, motherfucker. You’re into me for a fuckload of money. I think you and your motherfuckin’ richkid friends are trying to string me along until the end of the year and then take off to all your rich ass motherfuckin’ lives leaving me holding my motherfuckin’ dick! So fuck you! Rupert aims the gun at Sean’s head. Sean puts his hands u in the air and freezes.
19) 24) dialog: Bullshit! Rupert cocks the guns hammer with a SATISFYING CLICK. Thi gets Guest interested, but the white trash girl is totall oblivious. Maybe she’s deaf.
19) 26) dialog: Really?
19) 28) dialog: You really don’t have any money?
19) 30) dialog: I thought you went home to New York for the Summer?
19) 32) dialog: Get it straight, fuckhead: I need you like I need an asshole on my elbow. (tapping his elbow with the barrel of the gun) Right here. On my elbow. An asshole. That’s how much I need you. Rupert turns to the Jamaican.
19) 33) dialog: What’cha think, Guest? (CONTINUED )
19) 37) dialog: You know I’m just fuckin’ with you, Bateman. Right?
19) 39) dialog: What kind of markup do you think you can get outta these rich fuckin’ Freshmen?
19) 41) dialog: Stepped on? Rupert turns to Guest with a smile and starts to CHUCKLE.
19) 42) dialog: Is our shit stepped on, Guest?
53) 16) dialog: (intense) Sean. Who’s your friend? (CONTINUED )
53) 19) dialog: (to Mitchell) Mitch.
53) 21) dialog: Are you a cop, Mitch?
53) 24) dialog: (instantly and overly aggressive) How the fuck do I know? Unless he has a crack pipe hangin’ out of his mouth I have to assume he’s fuckin’ 21 Jump Street.
53) 26) dialog: It’s where Johnny Depp and Richard Grieco got their start. Where the fuck have you been?
53) 28) dialog: Obviously. Rupert slices another layer off of the brick of pot.
53) 29) dialog: So what are you here for, boys?
53) 33) dialog: Did you, now? He REVS the electric knife several times for dramatic eff
53) 34) dialog: Where’s my money goddamnit, Bateman?! Mitchell is suddenly ready to wet his pants. This is exac his worst nightmare.
53) 36) dialog: What is this? Three hundred? You owe me three thousand. Suddenly, a BIG TOWNIE WITH A BEER BELLY and a crew cut stands in the doorway, leaning against the frame. Mitchel moves away from him and against one of the cabinets.
53) 37) dialog: Where’s my fuckin’ money, you asshole?! Suddenly Guest takes a machete from the knife drawer. It’ amazing that it fit in there.
53) 41) dialog: Wait for what, you asshole? I want my money.
53) 45) dialog: (calming down, seriously interested) You’ve got it?
53) 51) dialog: Do you really have it?
53) 53) dialog: (to Sean) Does this guy have the money or not? A long, silent second.
53) 56) dialog: What do you have for me? (CONTINUED )
64) 3) dialog: Take that fucker! You wanna fuck me?! I’‘11 show you who you’re fucking with!
64) 5) dialog: What?! That’s all it took? You could get it that easily? You think that’s funny?! Rupert and Guest proceed to beat Sean within an inch of h life. He lays on the wet, snowy ground, powerless to stop them, getting beaten raw.