0) 0) text: Victor is walking down a Paris street with a large backpa on, and eating a pathetic emporter Camembert cheese sandw He stops the beautiful French girl and asks her direction from a little Plan du Paris. (CONTINUED )
50) 0) text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS: We are following VICTOR, an attract Camden student as he backpacks across Europe. The followi scene is both DIALOGUE and DESCRIPTION. It's all composed QUICK CUTS shot entirely on MiniDV, and MOS, throughout Europe...
50) 1) dialog: (narrating) Took a charter flight on a DC-10 to London, landed at Gatwick, took a bus to the center, called a friend from school who was selling hash, but she wasn't in. So I wandered around until it started to rain, then took a sub back to the friend's house and hung out there for four or five days. Saw the changing of the guards at Buckingham Palace. Ate a grapefruit next to the Thames River, which reminded me a lot of the cover of that Pink Floyd album. Wrote my mom a postcard I never sent. Bought some speed f an Italian guy I bumped into. Smoked a lot of hash that h too much tobacco in it. Took a ferry and then a bus to Dingle, Ireland where I drank too much Guiness Stout afte eating spaghetti and threw it all up in front of a movie theater just as people were walking out. Stayed in a host but the assholes that worked there made me collect peat m for the fire so I got a room in a bed-and-breakfast. Went Dublin. It rained a lot, it was expensive, so I split for Amsterdam. There was someone playing saxophone at Central (more ) (CONTINUED)
50) 4) dialog: Station, which was kind of pretty. Stayed with some frien in someone's basement. Smoked a lot of hash in Amsterdam too, but lost most of my stash in some museum. The museum were cool, I guess. Lots of Van Goghs and the Vermeers we intense. Wandered around, bought a lot of pastries, ate s intense waffles. The Dutch all know English so I didn't h to speak any Dutch, which was a relief. Wanted to rent a but couldn't. The people I was staying with had bikes though, so I went biking one day and I saw a lot of cows geese and canals. I pulled off to the side of the road, g stoned and fell asleep, woke up, wrote a little, took som acid, made a few drawings, and then went to the red light district in Den Haag, because I heard the whores are clea and better looking than the whores in Amsterdam -- which were. I fucked one so hard that I skinned my knees. Ate lunch at a Burger King, which was better and no more expensive than the States. Stayed in the Amsterdam Youth Hostel where there were some cool German guys who spoke better English than I do. We bought some coke and I cruis the red light district until I found a brunette with big that reminds me of KJ. I gave her a hundred Guilders. She worked me up, mounted me, put on a good show, and in the she pulled me out and I came between her tits -- even tho I’m wearing a rubber. Afterward we made small talk about AIDS, her Moroccan pimp, and herself. I wake to the sound a wino singing. It is eight AM and hot as blazes. Had a beer and then headed South to Paris. Climbed the Eifel To with this Canadian guy named Tim for only seven Francs because the ticket machine was broke. Got the hang of the Subways. Told Tim to get lost. Met a French girl who’s going to Camden. I think she gave me mono. Went to Pamplo for the running of the bulls. Never saw one bull but I almost got trampled by the crowd. Dropped acid at the Mus Gala-Dali, which was a trip. Went to the lamest circus ev a goat and two guys on unicycles. Went to Nice and ate Mexican food at a place called Calexico -- or Mexicali. T went to Switzerland where I, ironically, couldn’t find an who had the time. Took the Glacier Express to Zermatt, th Matterhorn, and found out that I could ski it, which, whe you’re there, you have to do -- but I didn’t have gloves used socks instead and froze my hands. It was slushy but fun. Ate some Sourdough bread that tasted like it was mad with sour milk. Eurail Pass’d into Italy and accidently slept through Florence. Ended up in Rome which was big an hot and dirty. It was just like L.A., but with ruins. I went to the Vatican but couldn’t get in because I was wea shorts. I could get into the Sistine Chapel, which now th it’s been cleaned looked fake. At the train station I met two girls from Germany who I drank warm beer with. They’r living for a full year on only nine dollars a day. I teas them and then turn the couchette into a huge bed and we a fuck. I wake dirty and tired in Brindisi, which is hot an filthy. I go with the German girls to get a ferry to Gree but we have to take different boats because I’m on Eurail (more ) (CONTINUED)
50) 7) dialog: they’re on Interail. On the ferry to Corfu I meet three American girls and a guy from Turkey who used the word “nigger” constantly. This offends the American girls and use it to my advantage. When we get to Corfu the girls an ditch the Turkish guy and rent a house on the beach toget I dry hump one of the girls, whose name I think was Sue. wake to Sue’s fat face and go off on my own to get wasted When I stumble back I make out with Sue for a while until tells me that I’m being cold to her. So I leave again and get drunk on Ouzo and the waiters break plates onto my he When I get back that night Sue is asleep and I go skinny dipping with her friend out to some rocks. We sit on the rocks for a while and then she grabs my dick and we start make out. She calls me Mr. L.A. I come close to fucking h but she says she can’t because she’s engaged, which is bullshit. I leave the next morning before they get up and take the ferry back to Italy. On the train I meet some Du guys. We started drinking heavily. The Dutch guys seem li fags to me. I got so drunk I couldn’t see and exchanged m shirt with one of them. In Venice I try to fart and inste shit my pants. Back in my hotel I masturbate and have a p in my groin. That night I dream about a beautiful girl ha in water, stretching her lean body. She asks me if I like and I tell her she could clean fish with it. I wake well rested, masturbate in shower, and check out. I make my wa back to London and hang out in Piccadilly Circus at a com book shop. I meet a cute girl from Amsterdam at a Whimpys while eating a Spicy Bean Burger. She’s an Oreo with a diamond in her front tooth. We get stoned and fuck at her flat to Michael Jackson records and the next morning I wa up talking to myself. I have a big bump on my head from flailing in my sleep. I get my stuff and barely make my plane back to the United States. I no longer know who I a and feel like the ghost of a total stranger. The final image of this montage is of an American Airline 10 flying over the pillowy clouds of the Atlantic bound f the United States. Suddenly the image locks in a FREEZE FRAME. Then we read the title:
50) 8) dialog: 
51) 0) text: Victor is back from Europe. He's sitting there with Sean Mitchell.
51) 1) dialog: And then I came back here. (CONTINUED )
51) 5) dialog: I do know. And you don’t know until you do know. And you have to go there to know. What did you do last break, Sean? Long pause.
51) 7) dialog: Learn any German?
51) 9) dialog: Sounds like you’re leading an exciting life, Bateman.
51) 11) dialog: (disinterested, turning to Mitchell) You still banging that girl from Hawaii?
51) 13) dialog: In the sack?
51) 16) dialog: Yeah? Fuck her yet? 114. 115 (CONTINUED )
51) 20) dialog: It'll come when you come. Then it’s time to go. Victor and Mitchell LAUGH BOISTEROUSLY and high five each other. Victor’s hand is left hanging waiting for Sean to high five him. He doesn’t and Victor lowers his hand.
51) 22) dialog: Oh? Doesn’t sound like the Bateman I know.
51) 24) dialog: How young is she?!
51) 27) dialog: Okay. Calm down. You don’t have to get all chivalrous and shit. I’m not trying to stab at her honor.
51) 29) dialog: I'd stab her with my dick though... They all start LAUGHING again.
51) 30) dialog: Can you give me her number? I haven't popped a cherry since high school. More LAUGHTER. Sean gets up, emotionless, and starts to leave. (CONTINUED )
51) 33) dialog: Hey, Sean, wassup? Where you goin’? We haven’t done our deal yet. Sean is walking away, ignoring them.
51) 34) dialog: You got any “Coca-Cola” or not?! Sean turns around and looks at him.
51) 36) dialog: Shit, man. I thought you were walkin’ out on me before you took my order.
51) 38) dialog: Three grams.
51) 40) dialog: Up front? What kind of shit is that?
51) 42) dialog: How do I know you ain’t gonna stiff me? Sean turns around and starts to walk away.
51) 43) dialog: Wait, wait, wait, wait! Sean stops and turns around. Victor reaches into his pock and pulls out a roll of twenties fresh from a cash machin Sean walks back and holds his hand out. Victor puts the c in his hand and then holds it.
51) 44) dialog: I don’t trust you, Bateman.
51) 48) dialog: You take Mitchell with you. Sean looks at Mitchell.
63) 0) text: Lauren walks down the hallway until she comes to Victor’s room. She composes herself, bridling her excitement, and then KNOCKS.
63) 5) dialog: I don’t know. He takes Lauren by the arms and moves her off of him.
63) 6) dialog: Do I know you?
63) 8) dialog: Oh. Well, how are “you”?
63) 10) dialog: Look, I don’t mean to be rude. But I haven't the slightest idea who you are. I mean-- (he wipes his hand over his face as if to illustrate a blank) --it’s blank. Lauren stares at him for a long moment, then to the Frenc girl, and then back at him. She then turns and hurriedly walks away.