3) 0) text: CU sidewalk. A pair of women's orthopedic shoes enter the frame and begin pacing. Camera pans up to reveal CORA, a small woman in her early 60s, pacing beneath the awning of her residential hotel. appears to be rehearsing dialogue with herself.
3) 1) dialog: Ellen, I have no memory of this  whatsoever. Ellen... Ellen I have NO  memory of this whatsoever.
3) 2) text: Jeff pulls the car up to the curb and Cora gets into the  back seat.
4) 2) dialog: (gruff) Morning.
4) 4) dialog: Not a wink.
4) 5) text: Cora immediately lights a cigarette. Nicole instinctively wrinkles her nose and turns away. Cora notices this and m an exaggerated effort to keep the smoke away from Nicole blowing it hard out the side of her mouth. Jeff glances b at the two women in the rearview mirror. No one speaks.
6) 0) text: Screen is still white. Gradually it shifts back to proper exposure revealing NICOLE in Medium CU. Her eyes are rive it is obvious she is emotionally primed for the scene. A  light meter is thrust in front of her face. She barely  registers it. WS, the entire Living Room set. Nicole sits on a sofa fac Cora seated opposite in an overstuffed chair. Two flats h been joined at right angles to create the Living Room cor A table lamp and assorted framed photographs complete the rather scrawny looking set. Most of the movie crew is seen, including Wolf looking th the camera.
6) 2) text: Nick approaches Nicole and Cora.
7) 2) dialog: Ellen, I have no memory of this  whatsoever.
7) 4) dialog: I was worried about Danny.
7) 6) dialog: He was smaller than you.
7) 7) text: Nicole turns to Cora with the heartbreaking gaze of an  abandoned child. Nick and the rest of the crew watch in a
8) 7) text: Nick approaches Nicole and Cora.
9) 2) dialog: Ellen, I --
11) 2) dialog: Ellen, I have no memory of this  whatsoever.
13) 2) dialog: Ellen, I have no memory of this  whatsoever.
15) 0) text: Nick looks for Nicole but sees only Cora standing by the  couch. Les has both arms up the back of her dress, runnin the wire to her radio mike. She's wearing stockings rolle down to just above her knees. Nick turns and spots Nicole by herself in a dark corner o the set and walks over to her.
17) 0) text: A BLACK scrim, held by the Gaffer, passes in front of the camera, revealing the set with Nicole and Cora settling i for a take.
18) 2) dialog: Ellen, I have no memory --
18) 3) text: Suddenly there is a tremendous EXPLOSION sending bits of  glass flying through the frame. Cora jumps, clutching her chest.
18) 4) dialog: Oh, God!
19) 4) text: Cora nods wordlessly, gasping for breath.
20) 0) text: Nick, Cora, and Nicole stand in a corner of the landing.  Nick is making obvious attempts to lighten the mood.
20) 2) dialog: I'm going to have a heart attack!
20) 8) dialog: I'll tell you this much right now; I  am never, ever doing another fucking  low-budget movie.
23) 2) dialog: I...
23) 3) text: There is a long awkward pause as Cora realizes she can't  remember her line.
24) 2) dialog: I... (pause)
25) 2) dialog: I was worried about Danny!
25) 3) text: Nicole stops cold, completely thrown by Cora jumping her  line.
27) 0) text: Nicole gets up quietly and sits next to Cora on the couch wordlessly taking her hand in hers.
27) 1) dialog: (whispers) I'm so sorry. I'm fucking this up  for you.
27) 3) text: She means it. Cora glances up at her, seeing for the firs time how pain and defeat have drawn the life from Nicole' face. On an impulse Cora reaches out and gently lifts a s of Nicole's hair from her eyes. A sudden amazed alarm fills Nicole. The living room grows strangely quiet.
28) 0) text: DISSOLVE to a nurse moving quickly past the camera and ou the open door of the hospital room. CU Nicole, seated on the edge of the hospital bed. Still  confused, she looks down at the old woman lying in the be The woman's face is pale and drawn. As Nicole leans close her mother reaches out and gently brushes a strand of hai away from her face. The gesture is one of love, acceptanc and farewell. It is identical to the one we have just see Cora make to her.
29) 0) text: WS, the Living Room Set. Nick, Wanda, the rest of the cre standing quietly. Nicole glances over at Cora and instant something unspoken and unexplained passes between them. T run-through begins. From the moment Nicole opens her mouth it is obvious ther has been a remarkable change in her. Every word now has t stunning clarity of truth. Cora is completely engulfed in the moment.
29) 2) dialog: Ellen, I have no memory of this  whatsoever.
29) 12) dialog: I was worried about Danny.
29) 14) dialog: He was smaller than you.
29) 16) text: There is a heavy, stunned silence as the scene ends. Nico and Cora are in each other's arms. Pam and Cybil share a  piece of tissue. CUT TO: an extreme CU of Nick.
31) 0) text: The set is quiet, subdued. Nick sits on the couch with Ni and Cora. Wolf sits groggily behind the camera wiping the sweat from his face. Wanda addresses the crew.
31) 2) text: Nick speaks uneasily to Nicole and Cora. He is a wreck an his insistent smile of encouragement looks absolutely  demented.
33) 0) text: The scene begins at the pickup point. Miraculously, both  Cora and Nicole are just as concentrated and engaged as t were in the run-through.
33) 1) dialog: I was worried about Danny.
33) 3) dialog: He was smaller than you.
34) 15) text: And so on, until all watches have been checked with negat results. The beeping continues, growing louder and louder Suddenly Nick loses it. He starts running around the set, ripping things apart, knocking over tables, lamps, chairs He shoves Cora off the couch and whips off the cushions,  heaving them against the wall with a startling violence.
43) 15) text: A pair of fuzzy-slippered feet enter the smoky frame. The camera BOOMS up, passing over a woman's bare shins, a  flowered, blue silk housecoat until finally coming to res on the pleasantly smiling face of CORA. This is the same  woman who played Ellen's Mother in Part One; she is dress exactly the same as she was in their scene. The camera pu back to reveal JEFF the Intern standing nervously beside with a red notebook in his hands.
43) 16) dialog: Hi, Nicky.
44) 2) dialog: I took a bus in; went right to your  apartment.
44) 4) dialog: Oh, I just went right through the  door.
44) 6) dialog: No, it was locked. I just went through  it. It's something I've learned to  do, Nicky. I can walk through just  about anything; like air.
44) 8) dialog: I wanted to see you. I've missed  you.
44) 13) dialog: I'm sorry, Nick. If I knew there was  going to be a wedding I would have  worn my fucking hat.
44) 17) dialog: Is the little fellow going to do  gymnastics?
44) 20) dialog: (whispers) OK.
44) 58) text: Tito walks in, stares at her hard, then walks around her  once with the golden apple just beyond her outstretched h He stops and the camera dollies into his CLOSE-UP. Nick  watches in hopeful expectation. He waits and waits but Ti does not laugh. Just then the door in the rear set wall opens and Cora st in, looking oddly puzzled.
44) 59) dialog: Oh, I thought this was the TV room.
44) 65) dialog: Oh Jesus, you sound just like your  father...
44) 67) dialog: OK, OK. I won't move.
44) 92) text: Everyone watches the AC unfasten the camera in silence. N stands alone on the set in her wedding dress, still holdi the golden apple. Her face is frozen in dismay. Suddenly  CORA comes through the set door and marches up to Nicole.
44) 93) dialog: Give me that apple!
44) 95) dialog: (behind the door) I'm ready, Nick!
44) 101) text: Right on cue Cora walks through the door, holding the gol apple out in front of her. She circles Nicole with  determination, seemingly oblivious to Nick and the rest o the crew hovering behind Wolf as he begins following her  with the hand-held camera. Wolf is now in his element; gl like Nureyev with the camera. When he pans suddenly with  Cora the whole crew ducks wildly and dives out of camera  range. Cora finally stops circling Nicole and stops abruptly.  Suddenly she raises the apple right out in front of Nicol Wolf glides forward with the camera, framing an amazing C of the apple with Nicole seen behind it. Nicole reaches o grabs the apple and takes a huge, resounding bite out of CU Nick's face, eyes wide in anxious delight. Cora takes one step forward. CU her fuzzy slippers stoppi right on the yellow tape mark. Cora waits momentarily unt Wolf has reframed both her and Nicole, then lets out a hu laugh.
44) 118) dialog: (testily) Of course I knew you were filming.
44) 133) dialog: (whispers to Nick) What's room tone?