0) 0) text: An eight-year-old African-American girl with knockers in hair stands on a desolate sidewalk behind yellow caution tape. She licks a candy and gazes upwards - spellbound. A man in a hazmat suit glides along the pavement, Darth V breaths heaving from his space-mask. He loads pieces of t and plants into hazardous waste bags. In the distance, mo men in hazmats crawl along a decaying dock, collecting various items. The little girl breaks her gaze and begins down the stree running her hand along the caution tape. A voice appears.
19) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in a line made up of mostly k LORETTA, the proprietor of the makeshift store, sits behi folding table with a cash box on her lap. Darrel, now counting candy bars instead of throwing rocks places them into a purple bag and hands it to his mother.
20) 0) text: Mont lays on the sidewalk chewing his candy with his mout open as Jimmie stares in his lap, pensive. A moment passe
20) 1) dialog: Eraaay, fuhck youu Jimbo! Jimmie slowly looks up to see ANDY ROY, a weathered, midd aged white skater covered in tats with his pal WHEATBERRY He whisks past, swinging a dead pigeon around like a lass
20) 5) dialog: Hell ride! HAHA! Jimmie looks over to the ad. A smiling realtor - artfully made-over with a Hitler mustache, devil horns, and 666 sprayed across his forehead - now drips pigeon blood. Something clicks for Jimmie.
44) 0) text: The trio sit in a cloud of smoke and steam in a homemade sauna. Montgomery has his shirt off, Jimmie and Kofi have opted to sweat through all their clothes. Loretta's candy bags litter the cedar seats. Jimmie takes final puff off a blunt and tries to pass it, no takers.
69) 0) text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand da teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the g between those we've met. The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtain creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomer He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversiz shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair. Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Sof sounds of the harbor play from a speaker. Montgomery suddenly springs to life. 84.
69) 23) dialog: Kofi, man? On a board, he was a natural. A lotta people gotta work for it but he had it. He’d like olley the Gonz gap. He’ll be missed. 87. Montgomery nods and turns to Tim Ellory, who blushes.