16) 5) dialog: Jimmay!
16) 7) dialog: Haha! Whats your farming ass doing in the street with a rake? Jimmie tracks the car as it huffs its way out of frame. The car does an illegal U-turn, hitting the curb across t street, and screeches to a halt in front of the young men
16) 8) dialog: Where y'all headed? 19 18. Jimmie checks to make sure the bus isn't coming.
16) 10) dialog: Jimmie the farmer - with your bitch ass. A children’s 49er’s sticker stuck to the passenger car do Jimmie’s scratches at it.
16) 12) dialog: Yeah! I like what you and your Pops did with it.
16) 14) dialog: Aw, I'm just borrowing it. But man, I seen your daddy the other day. That man is alone! Bobby laughs. Jimmie looks confused by this characterizat Mont mumbles to himself in the back as not to eavesdrop.
16) 15) dialog: Wooh! So alone.
16) 17) dialog: I told him get a woman, or a dog! Something!
16) 19) dialog: Yeah, I'm not alone! People like me, I'm liked. He over there alone, spitting sunflower seeds in a cup. 19.
16) 21) dialog: Maybe YOU should go hang with him! When's the last time YOU seen him? Jimmie looks out the window, sour.
16) 22) dialog: That's why a man has kids, keep him company, shit. The car pulls to a stop.
16) 23) dialog: Look at these motherfuckers. You know how many of them Imma outlive? Bobby looks out his window at people in a park on laptops
16) 24) dialog: Park full of ulcers and panic attacks. Hemorrhoids. Wanting responsibility. Tryna own what’s temporary. Bobby looks to Jimmie, who stares at a burned out empty l
16) 25) dialog: Shit, that’s gonna be them next though. Jimmie studies a mustachioed construction worker leaning against the empty lot’s fence, smoking a cigar.
16) 26) dialog: Used to be 100 motherfuckers in there. With rent control. They thought that was theirs too. Landlord burned ‘em out. Cuz he thought it was his. But you can’t never own land in America. Jimmie doesn’t respond, transfixed.
16) 27) dialog: This car ain’t mine and it wasn’t never yours. Imma’ outlive your ass too, Jimmie. 19.1 20 20. The worker breaths his smoke at Jimmie like a devil. The faint sounds of striking hammers rise. We push towards th worker, over the fence, and in the depths of hot tar fiel Hulking construction men zap at iron with welding torches pound away at hunks of steaming tar like satan’s henchmen The sound of boiling bubbles rise as we cut to -
61) 18) text: INT. GUNNA’S HOUSE - In the late evening, Gunna consoles son, Darrel, as he tucks him into bed. INT. BOBBY'S CAR - In the dead of night, Bobby plays solitaire as he listens to the radio. His girlfriend smok INT. PREACHER'S HOME - In the early hours of the morning, Preacher adjusts his bow tie in front of the mirror. EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - The Preacher walks down a desolate st under an orange sky. He places his soap box in the middle the frame. He steps on top, takes a deep breath, and just he opens his mouth-
69) 0) text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand da teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the g between those we've met. The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtain creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomer He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversiz shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair. Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Sof sounds of the harbor play from a speaker. Montgomery suddenly springs to life. 84.
69) 8) dialog: He cold. He turns to face the crowd in two-face. Lights drop on HP, leaving Kofi alone in the spotlight.