0) 5) text: You understand what I’m saying brothers and sisters. That’s why I urge you. Do not consummate with white women. Protect the black seed and leave us the hell alone. Unless you came to really help us. Across the street at a run-down bus stop, two African- Americans in their early 20s, JIMMIE FAILS and MONTGOMERY ALLEN, look at the scene, idly regarding it.
0) 6) dialog: Crazy what jail will do to a nigga. Montgomery studies the man while he writes in his journal
0) 8) dialog: You think he rehearses this every morning?
0) 10) dialog: Hm?
0) 13) dialog: Where’s this bus, man? We’re gonna be late.
0) 16) dialog: We’re not gonna get there, bro.
0) 18) dialog: Let’s skate. Jimmie slowly looks to Mont. Mont turns to Jimmie.
1) 0) text: HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery and Jimmie ride together on his skateboard. They kick and maneuver in unison. They skate past decaying docks and industrial buildings. preacher's sermon continues as the "Main Score" begins.
1) 4) text: But should you venture into their San Francisco, the one they pillage for gold, remember your truth in the city of facades. The young men walk hurriedly through an altogether differ world; grand Victorians line the street. Jimmie and Montgomery zip towards the sprawling metropoli The duo bomb a rollercoaster hill. This is a serious jour EXT. DOWNTOWN - MORNING - Mont turns and stares out at al the commuters. He drinks in the city’s new population. TENDERLOIN - The young men pedal in unison past droves of homeless. A shoe flies by their heads. They duck and turn see a crazed man running alongside them, ripping off laye of clothes as he keeps pace. He shouts incoherently.
1) 9) text: Our sweat, soaked in the wood. Dew drops glisten on hand-carved fish scale walls. Jimmie’s cheeks are dotted with sweat.
2) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in silence. They look up at a beautiful but crumbling three-story Victorian. Jimmie crosses the street towards The House like a moth t flame, Mont just behind. Jimmie and Mont approach the front gate and peer through bars.
2) 3) dialog: (almost to himself) Her car’s gone... A couple with a stroller and dog pass Mont.
2) 5) text: Sure, yeah- But bra, did I not tell you... Jimmie presses a ring of paint swatches against the raili
2) 6) dialog: It’s Periwinkle. Not Black. Mont ascends the step jotting this down into his book.
2) 8) dialog: Ugh. This garden is a nightmare... Jimmie continues up the steps out of frame. 3.1 SIDE ALLEY - Jimmie continues forward, he’s on a miss
2) 10) dialog: Sick... 3.2 BACKYARD - Through an empty back window, we see Jimmi up the steps. He peers into The House. A moment of soothi calm and then...
2) 11) dialog: Jesus, wallpaper’s peeling too. These people...
2) 13) dialog: They're definitely gone though.
2) 15) dialog: Yeah I know. It just takes time.
2) 16) text: I know, I'll be at my spot. FRONT OF “THE HOUSE" - Montgomery sits at his look-out pe flipping past old sketches of Jimmie. Jimmie paints the windowsill. We cut wide to see he’s standing atop a bird bath. He leans onto his tippy toes to peer inside once more. He sees a sad yellow table in the empty room. He leans forwa little more...a little more, a- WHAM! A croissant hits the window beside him. Jimmie turn
2) 17) dialog: Jesus! MARY AND TERRY ZWIGOTT stand there. Mary has a fruit in h hand ready to throw.
2) 22) dialog: I’m almost done. Hold on.
2) 24) dialog: I’m almost done!
2) 27) dialog: Fine. I’1l finish it next time. God.
2) 31) dialog: Water the plants in the back or I will!
2) 35) dialog: Bro, you were supposed to be look out.
2) 37) dialog: You were the one so worried about them coming home! They laugh.
2) 38) text: Jimmie skates down the center of the street, Montgomery trotting beside him. They pass kids hiding in the bushes, men in bowties selli bean pies, girl rappers and their DP shooting a video, an man watching his grandson fix his car.
2) 39) dialog: Bra, what if OG is right - you should really stop eating the fish out there.
2) 41) dialog: No, but I saw a seagull with a dick, dude.
2) 43) dialog: Na bra, like a human dick. Something wrong with that water, bra.
2) 45) dialog: Nooo bro, they're not... We push past Jimmie and Montgomery, past rocky projects a hand-painted station wagon, and land on a group congregat in front of Montgomery's home.
2) 52) dialog: Naw I was trying to tell him don’t eat the fish, it’s toxic.
3) 0) text: Jimmie sits on the couch beside Montgomery and his GRANDP who both clutch beers. Grandpa's smile holds a hint of widowed sadness he's too considerate to burden others wit The shimmering blue light of the TV illuminates the mens' faces as if radiating from an aquarium. 11.
3) 5) dialog: Edward O. Ryan?
3) 9) dialog: What? How?
4) 3) dialog: What if I pee'd on their table? 12. After a moment, Jimmie peels back a curtain, and leans in Mont’s bedroom.
4) 4) dialog: Like - I just climb the birdie bath, broke in, and pee'd all over the little stupid yellow table?
4) 6) dialog: Yeah I guess you got a point there. Jimmie stares at the ceiling, still thinking. A gunshot reverberates in the distance.
4) 8) dialog: 10 blocks.
4) 10) dialog: Hm....Maybe they’d let me live there as like a caretaker for the house.
4) 12) dialog: I know bra...But there’s no place like home. 13. Jimmie rolls over and looks at the wall. We see a picture him as a young boy on the front porch with lots of family Beyond the photograph, we see old pin ups, a work To Do l for The House, old photos of The House, and more family photographs.
7) 0) text: *Bloop, bloop.* Red Rock Cod swim in place in an overcrow tank. A hand plunges into the tank and grabs one. 10 11 12 14. Montgomery stands behind the fish counter of the Chinese supermarket, his apron smeared with fish guts. Behind him Mont’s colleague reaches around the tank. Jimmie bored, making a whirlpool with his finger in the open tank.
7) 1) dialog: Did you get any writing done this morning?
8) 0) text: Jimmie weaves down the street on his board. He approaches "The House," and slows to a halt in front. The windows glow, as night approaches. Inside, Mary and T mill about. Jimmie reviews his paint job from days prior, surveys the home's storybook magnificence. His eye catches something. He approaches the house and ya an offending dog doo bag from the front vines. He tosses in the neighbor's yard and skates away.
9) 0) text: A nurse helps an old man on the steps of a Victorian in t Haight. Jimmie skates in wearing orderly clothes. He clim the steps where a few elderly residents sit.
10) 0) text: PHYLLIS, a frail white woman with big scared eyes, lies o her bed, hair perfectly brushed and draped in jewelry. Sh stares blankly at Jimmie as he removes her pants and prep her for bed. LIZZIE, her pretty granddaughter around Jimmie's age, sit a sofa across the room. Her phone lights her oblivious fa 13 15. Phyllis’ record player begins to skip. Jimmie looks to Li deep in swiping to notice the looping line "over the moun Jimmie places Phyllis on the bed, her pants halfway down.
10) 1) dialog: (to Lizzie) Oh, no, don't get up. Lizzie doesn't seem to hear him. He fixes the needle. He returns to Phyllis and lifts her again. She glances up at appreciatively and begins humming the tune.
10) 3) dialog: Us natives gotta stick together. Her initial confusion turns to a nodding smile, as if jus remembering she is a native.
13) 0) text: Jimmie stands behind the front counter.
14) 0) text: Jimmie sits on the steep roof of the retirement home, eat canned oysters and surveying the city below. In the far distance, he can see the twinkling lights of " House." He gazes at it like a nightwatchman at his post a the city begins to wake at his feet.
15) 0) text: Jimmie's signature beanie, flannel, and skate-worn khakis strewn across Mont's bed, as if worn by an invisible man. Mont opens the door in his long johns to find Jimmie stan at his mirror. He's in low-hanging jeans and a studded be considering two different goon shirts. Montgomery freezes.
15) 2) dialog: I mean, I was thinking about it. But nah. You ready to go? 18 17.
16) 0) text: Mont and Jimmie sit at their regular busstop, waiting gardening tools in hand.
16) 1) dialog: Man where is this bus. We got hella gardening.
16) 3) dialog: Oh god. The car wipes frame
16) 4) dialog: From a house to an El Dorado. A rusty car clunks toward them, duck-farting and hiccupin yellow smoke. They watch the car as it gasps for breath. BOBBY, a middle-aged man with a sunny disposition, sticks head out of the taped-up window.
16) 6) dialog: (unenthusiastically) Hey, Bobby.
16) 11) dialog: Still the same. Montgomery studies the backseat, which has been converted into a bedroom with satin sheets and window curtains. Lit plastic bags litter the pillows.
16) 13) dialog: So much you drove off with it?
16) 16) dialog: Okay?
16) 18) dialog: Bro...you live in a car...by yourself.
16) 20) dialog: Well maybe you should go hang out with him.
17) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery walk through the Fillmore, gardenin tools in hand. As they approach "The House," Jimmie's eye widen. He continues forward, mouth agape, as men in unifo carry boxes past him. He stands frozen like a zombie. Mary cries into Terry's shoulder as a mover carries a box down the front steps of "The House." Terry looks up to se Jimmie and Montgomery with their tools and puts a hand up if to say not today boys. Jimmie turns to the nearest mover.
17) 1) dialog: Excuse me, what’s going on? He shrugs and trudges back to the house. ARTURO sits in t truck, shaking his head, upset. Jimmie approaches cautiou
17) 2) dialog: Sir, what’s happening?
17) 4) dialog: What? Fighting what, who?
17) 6) dialog: Fighting about what?
17) 8) dialog: But for what?
18) 0) text: Skateboard wheels roar against the pavement as Jimmie pou the concrete, almost in tears. Montgomery runs alongside like a kid who never played spo He glances at Jimmie, wondering if he'll slow down. Jimmie's legs seem to double in speed as his mind races. breaks his long stare to check on Montgomery. He's no lon beside him. He slows to a halt and looks back. Montgomery is kneeled over, panting. He points up.
19) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in a line made up of mostly k LORETTA, the proprietor of the makeshift store, sits behi folding table with a cash box on her lap. Darrel, now counting candy bars instead of throwing rocks places them into a purple bag and hands it to his mother.
19) 8) dialog: I don't know...I wish they didn't though. They were tasteless but at least they didn't fuck it up. Grown Ass Man exits. Loretta looks up at Jimmie and Mont.
19) 12) dialog: Yeah. Six please.
20) 0) text: Mont lays on the sidewalk chewing his candy with his mout open as Jimmie stares in his lap, pensive. A moment passe
20) 2) dialog: (under his breath) Yeah, fuck you back bra. Andy Roy chucks the pigeon at an advertisement.
20) 4) dialog: This fool Andy. Me and my dad used to squat with him and these fiends. Andy continues down the empty street throwing up devil ho
21) 2) dialog: Hitler mustache. 24.
21) 4) dialog: Yeah we're curious about a house on Golden Gate, near Fillmore?
21) 6) dialog: 74, it's grey with like gold trim and uh-
21) 8) dialog: Yeah, exactly. Clayton shifts excitedly in his seat.
21) 10) dialog: Where'd you go to school?
21) 12) dialog: Third generation.
21) 14) dialog: Well, I'm not sure. It seems like the owner and her sister are fighting over it. 25 25.
21) 16) dialog: Well the lady that was living there. But I guess her mom died.
21) 19) dialog: For years?
21) 21) dialog: So it's really just empty?
21) 23) dialog: Yeah... Jimmie stares at Clayton, gears turning. Montgomery looks over at Jimmie.
22) 0) text: Jimmie and Mont stand silently staring up at the house. A traces of its former residents are gone, save a pile of newspapers. Through the curtain-less windows, the empty parlor stares back unblinkingly at the young men. 26 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 26. Jimmie exhales and starts towards the towering property draped in fog. He makes his way down the side alley, Mont following close behind. Jimmie pushes open a gate to the backyard, revealing an untended garden. They face the back of the house.
22) 1) dialog: Bra. A back door window is covered in faded stickers: KEEP TAH BLUE / COEXIST / I'M WITH HER. A Wiccan suncatcher dangle it.
22) 2) dialog: No taste. Jimmie approaches the door. He tries the knob - locked. H shoulders it - barely budges. He steps back, checking the neighbors' windows. Montgomer takes his place beside Jimmie. They share a look. We hear nothing but Jimmie's excited breath. They charge towards the door. Upon impact, WE CUT TO:
23) 0) text: PARLOR - A SMASH echoes from the other side of the house. curtain flutters from the distant impact. The room is emp Tomb-like. Its vacancy heightens its magnificence. FRONT HALLWAY - Empty. But the muffled sounds of new life rumbling footsteps and roused voices - creep closer throu the walls and ventilation. ATTIC - Still empty. But the stomping grows louder, breat more life into the creaking floorboards. LIBRARY - Laughter echoes off the walls. The house is com alive. FRONT HALLWAY - Galumphing now thunders off the walls unt SILENCE - Jimmie arrives in front of us. We slowly draw away from him. Jimmie chases after us, as pulled by the spirit of the house. He flies up the spiral staircase and sprints down the hallway. His foot catches a corner, throwing him to the ground. THUD. 27. 26.5 MASTER BEDROOM - Jimmie rolls over onto his back, bl spilling from his lip as he laughs hysterically. As Jimmie catches his breath, a faint voice approaches outside. He picks himself up and walks towards the window A group of tourists on Segways stare up at the house thro the mist. The crowd of expressionless faces look like an in matching tie-dye and helmets. They circle their guide, adjusts his helmet and begins his chalk talk. TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D) The other guides will rattle off some stupid Summer of Love Grateful Jefferson Quicksilverrrey. But you distinguished truth-seekers wanna know about in the real hep-cats who hung out here, like James Baldwin in his stylin’ ascots. Here! In the "Harlem of the West" where Dizzie and Miles would come play after their white people gigs. Where Mayor Moscone got blowjobs from black hookers. Where Jim Jones mixed his first cup of Kool Aid. A couple older tourists look to each other. Their teen be
23) 2) dialog: (to himself) Na bra. 26.6 EXT. BALCONY - Jimmie pushes the window open and ste
23) 4) dialog: (yelling) This house was buuh!- Jimmie spits a mouthful of blood to the left of the tour.
23) 5) dialog: Sorry- He wipes his lip dry on his sleeve.
23) 6) dialog: This was built in the 1940s. The tour guide looks quizzically up at Jimmie.
23) 8) dialog: 
23) 11) dialog: That's probably true, but this house wasn't built by an architect. My grandpa built this. The group, including the tour guide, look up at the tower piece of real estate with renewed curiosity. 27 28 29. TOUR GUIDE JIMMIE (CONT’D) Well I- He arrived in WWII, bought this lot, and built this house. The stairs, these windows, the columns, the archways, the witch hat, the balustrades, the fish scales, the little spindles, the balcony, the wall to keep y’all the fuck out - all of it by James Fails the First with his own two hands in 1946. Jimmie looks like a king finally restored to his throne - subjects at his feet, framed in an ornate archway. A tubby man snaps a pic. The guide composes himself seeing he's lost his audience.
24) 3) dialog: Yeah. Not there yet but, almost.
25) 0) text: ATTIC - Jimmie lays on the floor of the witch hat, pensiv He stares up at the circular tower’s woodwork. He rises. 28.1 28.2 28.3 28.4 29 30. He glides through the attic like a kid on Christmas morni his flannel worn open like a robe. He looks up at its ste ceilings, remembering what was and imagining what could b FRONT HALLWAY - Jimmie runs his hand along the wood panel of the staircase. PARLOR - Jimmie stands under an archway, blue and green l hits his face.
25) 1) dialog: Mont, wake up. Montgomery starts to wake and looks up at Jimmie.
25) 3) dialog: Telling you bro, I belong here. ATTIC - Back inside the empty witch hat, Jimmie’s minds e twirls upwards towards the ceiling. We cut to VHS FOOTAGE of: A man clinging to a witch hat as it twirls upwards throug the sky. After a moment, we see a construction crane is lifting the man and the witch hat higher and higher.
25) 5) dialog: He’s flying through the air.
25) 7) dialog: He’s flying through the air.
26) 0) text: Jimmie, Montgomery and Montgomery’s Grandpa sit on the co enraptured by the old home movie. Jimmie looks excited to the narrator for once. 31.
26) 1) dialog: He’s on a crane, it’s hauling him and the witch hat way high up.
26) 3) dialog: Yeah, my dad filmed it.
26) 5) dialog: Wait. How do you pause? - I think I saw Willie Mays.
26) 10) dialog: Mr. Allen, I was also wondering can I borrow that one picture?
27) 0) text: Tiled walls reverberate with the guitar strums of a greyi black man, his case open for coin. He's turned the Top 40 ballad "How to Save a Life" into melancholic folk. Perhap loves the song. Perhaps he knows his audience. Beside him, a half-sleeping spanger holds a sign that rea I U$ed To liVe here... SF nAtive Jimmie and Montgomery enter frame and carry us beyond the busker. A generous goon drops a bill in his case. His mus echoes on as we follow them down a long tunnel, past a homeless family and droves of desperate masses.
28) 0) text: The BART train howls. Jimmie sits in the window beside Montgomery, holding a crumpled, B&W photo. In it - a dapp young Grandpa Allen hugs a man that must be Jimmie's grandfather, in an elegantly decorated room.
28) 1) dialog: That's gonna be us in a few hours. We pull wide as the train shoots past cookie cutter homes rolling, sun scorched hills. We're not in Frisco anymore. EXT. WANDA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON A concrete ceiling. A cloudless blue floor. The young men walk into view, along an upside-down suburban street. A shirtless kid lies on his back across the street, his h hanging upside down just off the curb. A pink lowrider rumbles past. The kid flips over to reorient himself. Jimmie and Montgomery, now right-side up, approach a pebb dashed single story home. Jimmie knocks on the screen doo cow moos from the hill beyond the house.
29) 0) text: A handsome Asian man, RICKY, skates back and forth on in street on Jimmie’s board. Jimmie and Wanda sit in vintage lawn chairs; Wanda in a chaise lounge. Montgomery sprawls on the dead lawn beside them, pulling grass. Wanda cools herself with a battery powered fan. They’re sweaty, overdressed for the burbs.
29) 1) dialog: Man, he better not break my board.
29) 3) dialog: Y'all hella cute- uh, how much of the stuff you still have, Auntie?
29) 7) dialog: Auntie I would love to but honestly we should head back tonight. I got my first place. 34.
29) 9) dialog: Yeah, we got lucky. It's super empty thoough...
29) 11) dialog: No.
29) 13) dialog: Swear to god.
29) 15) dialog: Auntie. This is for us. Jimmie looks her deep in the eyes.
30) 0) text: Wanda opens a garage door, revealing leaning boxes and precious keepsakes. The room is a treasure trove. Jimmie lifts a gorgeous red rug, revealing chest with old robes and thrown-like chairs. He salivates.
30) 1) dialog: Damn, I knew you had some of it, but is this everything? 35.
30) 4) dialog: I'm fine. Jimmie lifts what appears to be an old champagne bottle, accidentally revealing a hidden cigarette dispenser withi fan of old, yellowed Marlboros blossom out.
30) 5) dialog: Woah. That's mainey.
30) 7) dialog: What's that? Jimmie walks towards a round table with a mic and headpho beside a Tiffany lamp.
30) 9) dialog: I didn't know that.
30) 11) dialog: That's dope.
30) 13) dialog: Thank you auntie. I didn't wanna ask, but... 35 36. Jimmie bats his lashes coyly.
31) 0) text: We hear nothing but a microphone crackling. Then bubbles. Jimmie and Montgomery sit in the back of a stake bed truc with chicken wire walls, surrounded by unique furniture. Golden light strikes the rows of crops as they fly by. Th clean lines dance in perfect rhythm, one after the next.
31) 10) dialog: Nah, Wanda was in this rock climbing phase, dating this white dude. Jimmie begins to lift a rug when he notices TIM ELLORY - retired cashmere liberal with remnants of a Connecticut accent - across the street. Tim surveys the scene trying to stare, while his dog poops. Jimmie trots down the steps and towards the man, with war purpose. Tim looks up, surprised.
31) 11) dialog: Hi sir. I'm Jimmie Fails, we haven't yet had the chance to meet. Jimmie wipes his dusty hand and extends it. Tim takes it instinctively. Jimmie shakes as if sealing a deal.
31) 12) dialog: Welcome to the neighborhood!
31) 15) dialog: Didn't need to, but look Tim - I really want you to know I’m gonna to be the best neighbor you ever had.
31) 17) dialog: My pleasure. You'll have to pardon me, we've got lots to do.
32) 0) text: Jimmie lies peacefully on the couch, satin pillows crowni his head. Mont lays on the floor on a slapdash bed of cushions and sheets. Both of them are draped in tapestry-turned-comfor with matching wildlife landscapes. Silence.
32) 1) dialog: I’m gonna drink my coffee and scratch my ass while I read the paper.
32) 3) dialog: Cuz I never had a home to read it in. A hint of excitement enters Montgomery’s face.
32) 5) dialog: Yeah. (beat) I just don’t want to have to keep it secret, and lie, you know.
32) 7) dialog: Yeah...
32) 9) dialog: You're right though. Cuz you know what’d be actually crazy? Leaving it empty... Just sitting outside, staring at it. That’s actually crazy. We could throw a party... Or put on one of your plays. Montgomery’s toes wiggle at the prospect of it.
32) 10) dialog: We could yell...AHHHHHH!
32) 12) dialog: 
33) 0) text: Jimmie sits on the back of a food truck, grinning mischievously. He hangs on tightly as the truck zigzags o and through the roller coaster hills.
35) 0) text: Red autumn leaves flit downwards like snowfall. We descen with them past each gorgeous story and land on Montgomery the front yard, attempting to catch them with a garbage b Jimmie cleans the roof’s gutter, cig in his mouth. INT. “THE HOUSE” PARLOR - AFTERNOON Jimmie and Montgomery hang a large photograph of Yosemite a picture ledge.
36) 0) text: Jimmie leans off the edge of the balcony, a rope tied to belt. He touches up the gold paint he can now finally rea 42 43 43. INT. "THE HOUSE" BUTLER’S STAIRS - AFTERNOON Jimmie stands at the bottom of a grand, but worn-out staircase. He sips coffee from a mug.
36) 1) dialog: When you drop in bra, lean back. At the top of steps, Montgomery stands awkwardly on Jimmi skateboard. He precariously leans over the top step, wher wooden planks have been laid to make a path down the stai
36) 3) dialog: Bra. No.
36) 5) dialog: Why would-
36) 7) dialog: Just- Bra. LEAN BACK. From the start or your gonna fuck your sh- Montgomery drops the board. He leans forward and tumbles the steps like a cat trying to swim. He lands upside down
37) 0) text: Jimmie carefully peels away old wallpaper, revealing long hidden wood beneath. Montgomery lays crumpled on the floo dusty and scraped up from his tumble. He scratches away g residue from the wall, groaning.
37) 1) dialog: Bruh it’s still not separating.
37) 4) dialog: I specifically said backwards, bra.
38) 0) text: A black HOMELESS OPERA SINGER belts "O mio babbino caro" perfect Italian. His booming voice almost drowns out a co fighting down the street. A strung-out man dances along. Jimmie watches, transfixed. Instead of his signature flan and black beanie, he's wearing the goon clothes he'd trie in Montgomery's mirror. Jimmie stashes his board in a bush beside the singer and him a dollar. He crosses the street into a brick building We tilt up the building to the 13tn floor. A man sits in window, like a deposed king banished to some sequestered tower. He watches the little people scurry about as he sp sunflower seeds at the world below.
39) 0) text: Jimmie flips through pirated DVDs in cellophane bags. The homemade labels read: UNDER SIEGE. CLIFFHANGER. THE PATRI JAMES SR. I seen your cousin Al the other day. Down there struttin’ around, like a Frisco fruit cup. I know his daddy mad as hell! JAMES SR., a once-athletic man with a hard-earned rasp, s at a table cutting a cover for Chuck Norris' INVASION USA Bags of DVDs and sunflower seeds surround him. JAMES SR. You still skateboarding?
39) 1) dialog: Nah. JAMES SR. Hm. 45.
39) 2) dialog: What? JAMES SR. C'mere and help me cut these out. Jimmie joins his dad at the table, adopting a slightly different voice than we've heard him use with Montgomery.
39) 3) dialog: Remember that warehouse we squatted at with Andy and them? JAMES SR. Who? Those satanists?
39) 4) dialog: Ha, yeah, we lost it cause we didn't pay taxes, right? JAMES SR. Hell na, I paid OUR share of property tax on that. But who cares, ol’ drafty-ass roach nest.
39) 5) dialog: But so, why were you doing all that? We were able to stay there right? Nobody was fucking with us. JAMES SR. At the time, yeah, but we were trying to get it so if the cops showed up, we could say we paid taxes and they’d have to leave us the fuck alone. Shit, it was that or sleeping on the street with your little ass. Jimmie nods unsentimentally processing the information.
39) 6) dialog: Right, appreciate it dad. So... if I'm at a place now, owners left it, and I'm gonna pay taxes- JAMES SR. And you put the gas and electric in your name? 46.
39) 7) dialog: Right, I'm doing that next. But, if I been working on it for 3 years, rent doesn't have to be cash, right? Labor counts as payment? JAMES SR. You've been working on a house 3 years? What you been doing?
39) 8) dialog: Painting, gardening, I fixed the stairs up. I prolly still got a bunch of the receipts too. JAMES SR. Okay, okay! You doing it like your old man. That's good. And nobody's come by to check on it?
39) 9) dialog: Nope, it's empty. JAMES SR. Good, that buys you time. They been gone 3 years?
39) 10) dialog: Na, just recently. JAMES SR. Wait what? You were doing work while they were still in it?
39) 11) dialog: Yeah. JAMES SR. Where's this house?
39) 12) dialog: It's the house, in Fillmore. Jimmie's dad stops smiling. JAMES SR. What house?
39) 13) dialog: Our old house. JAMES SR. Fuck you mean our old house? Have you seen that house? 46 47.
39) 14) dialog: Yeah, I go there a lot. JAMES SR. Then you would know that’s not your house. And that’s not your black ass neighborhood. James Sr. angrily spits a mouthful of sunflower seeds. JAMES SR. Little disrespectful, lying ass...
39) 15) dialog: What? I'm not- JAMES SR. Nigga, I know you skateboard.
39) 16) dialog: Oka- JAMES SR. Yeah I see all the shit down there, everybody's little path. I'm like 30 steps ahead of y’all. He takes a big swig of seeds. They fall back into silence. Jimmie picks up the scissors starts cutting the labels. JAMES SR. Go on and get. Messing up my day. Jimmie stares at him, frozen. JAMES SR. Go on.
40) 0) text: Jimmie sits despondent at a bus stop, his mind still replaying the conversation as his leg restlessly taps awa A gentleman with a grey pony tail and orange skin enters frame. With the exception of tennis shoes, a backpack, an lei around his beck, he is completely naked. He puts a to seat cover on the seat next to Jimmie and sits down. Jimmie is unfazed - he’s seen this a million times. 47 48 48.
40) 2) dialog: (vacantly) Hella long, bro. I might just skate.
40) 8) dialog: I already know bra.
41) 0) text: Jimmie bombs an epic hill, pink and purple clouds behind His board wobbles more...and more...and PHWACK! He dives first into the ground as we cut to:
42) 0) text: Jimmie hammers angrily at a wooden door frame. BOOM-BOOM- BOOM. Blood from his scrape drips down his bare shoulder. BOOM-BOOM-CRACK.
42) 1) dialog: 
42) 5) dialog: Yeah. Jimmie laughs, embarrassed.
42) 7) dialog: This little room I used to come in when my dad was doing his thing. Cool right?
42) 9) dialog: Yeah.
42) 11) dialog: He said this was a bad idea.
42) 13) dialog: Maybe he’s right.
42) 15) dialog: What if we shouldn’t be here though?
42) 18) dialog: I dunno- DING DONG. Jimmie spins to shut the secret door. Darkness
42) 19) dialog: The fuck?
43) 2) dialog: Yeah. It just makes noises. Kofi scans the highest ceilings he’s ever seen. Montgomery studies Kofi.
43) 10) dialog: Yeah. For like a year.
43) 13) dialog: A schwitz?
44) 0) text: The trio sit in a cloud of smoke and steam in a homemade sauna. Montgomery has his shirt off, Jimmie and Kofi have opted to sweat through all their clothes. Loretta's candy bags litter the cedar seats. Jimmie takes final puff off a blunt and tries to pass it, no takers.
44) 2) dialog: Nah, these white people did.
44) 4) dialog: Na bra, swear to god, whole neighborhood was, like, a ghost town when he came from New Orleans. It'd all been Japanese, but-
44) 6) dialog: Yeah. But they all got rounded up into War camps. And my grandpa wasn’t tryna move into someone else's shit- Not like that. So he built this.
44) 9) dialog: You still skate?
44) 11) dialog: Aw, you were raw, bra.
44) 13) dialog: Braaaa. He was an ugly crier!
44) 15) dialog: Lombard-Street-looking-ass...
44) 18) dialog: Yeah. Down the hall. The room with the 1il' claw-foot tub.
45) 0) text: Jimmie grabs a screw from between his lips and drills it a new lock on the front door. He shuts it, proudly locks and looks over at Mont, deeply focused on reviving the or
45) 1) dialog: You should uh...you should have a room, bro. Montgomery looks up at Jimmie, embarrassed.
45) 3) dialog: Nah, seriously. I've been in your space forever - this spots yours too, you know.
45) 5) dialog: I mean...sure.
46) 0) text: As if pulled by some spirit, Montgomery floats forward. H eyes catch the corners of various rooms as he ambles forw Jimmie stands on a chair in the background fiddling with electrical box. He flips a nob and the room lights up wit warm glow. Montgomery enters the dining room, his head turned up at heavens. It’s his very own Sistine Chapel: paintings of colorful birds spread their wings across the ceiling.
46) 2) dialog: Yeah...I mean, you sure you want the dining room? Montgomery nods to himself, taking it all in. He begins t measure the wall with his wingspan, muttering calculation
46) 4) dialog: Dream big bra, it's yours.
47) 0) text: Montgomery, wearing an old werewolf mask, sorts through p and costumes. Only a few tools remain hanging on his once covered walls, the rest packed away in scattered milk cra He begins organizing metal pulleys and clews into a crate with other stage rigging materials. In the next room, Jimmie paces back and forth on the phon
47) 1) dialog: No the power’s been on. I just need the bill in my name - uh huh. Grandpa enters, the phone cord hitting his chest. He lift and feels his way into Montgomery's room.
47) 2) dialog: Great, when will I get the first invoice?...And there's no way you can mail that sooner?
47) 15) dialog: You about ready bra? Grandpa stands up.
48) 4) dialog: Bro, with that hair, you look like a Simpson. The Greek Chorus burst out laughing. Mont smiles proudly.
49) 0) text: An expressive sketch of the Greek Chorus captures the joy moment they humiliated someone, Kofi standing front and center. Montgomery's hand enters and plucks out the Rockwellian pencil shading on FRESH. Jimmie stands in an old robe at the corner whisking eggs a fork. He watches Montgomery.
49) 1) dialog: You're really drawing them?...Al1 they do is talk shit.
49) 3) dialog: No I didn’t.
49) 5) dialog: Well why did you hang out with me then?
49) 7) dialog: You really don’t give a fuck what anybody says?
49) 9) dialog: Let’s go out. Dreamy, sweeping strings appear. 57 57.1 57.2 58 59.
49) 10) text: EXT. VR WINDOW - Jimmie and Mont sit in the dark, sipping 40's of beer. They peer into a window as if watching tv. A man in a VR helmet and underwear reaches blindly in an empty room. After a lonely moment, a girl steps into view wearing a matching helmet and oversized shirt. They swat virtual predators, finally bumping into each other. They off the masks and laugh hysterically. EXT. SPLIT WINDOW - Two young women sit on opposite sides a converted bedroom, split down the middle by a hanging b sheet. Woman #1's yoga routine is interrupted by a knock the door. A man enters her side, tiptoes past her, ducks under the sheet-wall, and embraces Woman #2.
49) 11) dialog: Bro, that's supposed to be a living room. Jimmie and Montgomery study the respective sides of the girls' mantle, each with differing decorations.
49) 12) dialog: They would've done the same shit to our house. Putting 5 people ina room.
50) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery enter the house, passing various partygoers. 59 60 60. They stop and watch a man with Robert-Plant-hair and musi theater-gusto hand-dances and sing to a song playing overhead. Jimmie stares at him, eyes glazed. Montgomery grabs a bot off the shelf and swigs it, looking around.
51) 1) dialog: You know the wallpaper on the outside wall is hella harder to remove because it’s moist, like condensation, but then when you finally do, you see they used WHITE glue. Like fucking Elmer’s. Like what was the thought process?
51) 3) dialog: Yeah. I know. But if you wanted to have a tour, that would be fun.
51) 5) dialog: Yeah, if that’s cool. Jimmie reaches for the beer cups she’s filled.
51) 6) dialog: Sorry I’m talking about this house. It’s stupid. I’m just kinda excited about it. They walk off, revealing a pomade-preened guy explaining Hyphy lingo to a skeptical collegiate black woman. A trans man and his bubbly friend share a sarcastic toast
52) 0) text: Serena sits on a counter by her friend, BILLY, an intellectual stoner in his grandpa’s PJ’s and Sam, a swee faced dude holding a huge stein of beer. 61 61. Jimmie stands awkwardly at the edge of the group.
52) 2) dialog: That’s shitty. Serena turns to him politely.
53) 0) text: Jimmie looks excited to be a part of this team. With his help, the men uproot the tree. 62. BRYAN, a giant, swings it overhead and victoriously drive the root clump into the ground in an explosion of dirt.
53) 5) dialog: Yeah, that's my bad too. I can help. Jimmie leans over to pick up the tree.
53) 7) dialog: Ah- Okay, who are you. I don't even know you. I'm from here. Aura turns to Jimmie, confused he's still talking to her.
53) 9) dialog: How did YOU get here? The fuck? I'm born and raised here. I'm third generation.
53) 11) dialog: Alright bud. But I'm taking the tree. 62 63 63.
53) 13) dialog: I feel a connection to it. Jimmie starts towards the steps with the tree.
54) 0) text: Jimmie walks through the kitchen and into the hall, tree tow. He reaches the main room to see the party is in full swing. Mont, bottle in hand, is jamming with the hand-dan
54) 1) dialog: Aye, c'mon Mont.
54) 3) dialog: Bra, I need help with the tree. His frantic dancing slows as he drunkenly notices the branches dragging through the living room.
55) 2) dialog: Bra, shhh.
55) 4) dialog: Shhh, I dance.
55) 6) dialog: I dunno bra. To make a point I guess. Montgomery tugs the tree, stopping them.
55) 8) dialog: Bra, you don’t get it.
55) 11) dialog: Bra! You weren’t raised like... I raised myself. You had someone to make you feel good. I had to like adapt and like win over so many people cause I was alone. That’s why I fucking care. Jimmie walks up the steps to the House. Mont remains froz
56) 0) text: Jimmie lies on his newly-assembled bed. He looks small underneath the steep towering walls, alone for the first night in longer than he can remember. His minds wanders to Serena and he slips his hand under t sheets. Loud drilling and strange space-jazz burst throug the shaking walls from Montgomery's room. He pulls his ha out from the sheets and turns to sleep.
57) 0) text: Jimmie looks out the window at nothing but fog. 66 67 65.
57) 1) dialog: (to himself) Thick as fuck today.
58) 0) text: A deep hole in the ground looks like a shallow grave. Jimmie crouches above it, digging - his sleeves rolled up biceps covered in dirt, cig hanging from his lip. Montgom hung over, sprawls under the newly planted tree. Jimmie shakes his head as he digs.
58) 1) dialog: We need fertilizer, shit's dying. Montgomery groans. EXT. “THE HOUSE” FRONT STEPS - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING Jimmie and Mont carry bags overflowing with asters in blo They climb the first flight of stairs and come to a halt. Mary Zwigott, the previous resident, sits on the front st of the house. She looks lifeless. Montgomery looks to Jimmie, unsure if they should run. An almost haunted wind catches the fringe of Mary’s blous and howls through the trees. Mary shakes her head at the memory of her old foe.
58) 2) dialog: (cautiously) Hey. What are you doing here? Mary’s exhaustion gives way to a resigned half-smile.
58) 4) dialog: Uh- didn't you move out though? Mary looks past Jimmie at Montgomery, who stands holding flower bags like an idiot.
58) 7) dialog: I’m sorry. That sucks. Mary softens a little.
58) 8) dialog: How long are you going to be here?
58) 10) dialog: Ok. We'll come back tomorrow then. Jimmie nods to Montgomery who lifts the bags. Mary eyes t tools and chuckles to herself.
59) 2) dialog: Watch bra. We'll come back and she'll be painting the windowsill. Jimmie glances around the bus. Loretta’s former flame with the fez winks at Jimmie. Further down, two oily street kids with white-people-drea and camping backpacks sprawl across the seats. Their pit forces its snout into the girl's lap. 67. Jimmie's nose crinkles, as the dog sniffs her crotch with increasing fervor. The street kids don't seem to notice. A group of people shuffle off and on the bus.
59) 5) dialog: Hi mom. They hug, then sit back down across from each other.
59) 6) dialog: I thought you and Ron were in LA.
59) 8) dialog: Oh, cool - this is my friend, Mont.
59) 11) dialog: How long are y'all here?
59) 15) dialog: I mean the house, my dad’s old house. We've been fixing it up and stuff.
59) 17) dialog: Cool.
59) 19) dialog: Oh, I don’t have a phone?
59) 21) dialog: Okay well this our stop.
60) 0) text: The bus doors open. Through the fog, we slowly start to see two worried pedestrians whisper in hushed tones as they w off. Mont and Jimmie look at them concerned. 69.1 69. At Monts house, candles, flowers, and the Greek Chorus ar gathered, bleary-eyed and dejected on their slab of concr They avoid eye contact with one another, trying to mask t tears. Their matching necklaces hold freshly laminated ph of Kofi with the caption "RIP KOFI." Jimmie and Montgomery freeze. They stare at the Greek Cho first in shocked confusion, then in horror.
60) 1) dialog: What the fuck? What happened? Nobody answers.
60) 2) dialog: What fucking happened?
60) 4) dialog: What? Who?...Who?!
60) 6) dialog: For what?
60) 8) dialog: For what?
60) 10) dialog: I just...I don't get it. We just seen y'all-
60) 12) dialog: And I don’t fuckin get it.
60) 14) dialog: No, what the fuck? It’s my friend too! Stunna approaches Jimmie; eyes angry. Jimmie tenses up, protectively. Stunna wraps Jimmie into a hug so hard the flower bag fal out of Jimmie's hand. Jimmie stares off, expressionless.
61) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery sit on the couch, lifeless. Grandpa sits facing the open window where mourners can be heard.
61) 4) dialog: No, I never felt like that.
61) 6) dialog: Of course Mr. Allen. Mont and Jimmie look at each other.
61) 9) dialog: Mr. Allen, don't worry about us. 71 71.1 71. They wrap their arms around Grandpa.
61) 14) dialog: You don’t have to stop now... Mont nods to Jimmie.
61) 15) dialog: I know it sounds weird, but I feel like that coulda been me...if not for the house.
61) 17) dialog: Man. I wanna go home. Mont looks out the window. 72 72.1 72.2 72.3 73 72. Nitty stands alone on the corner by the vigil, alone. Music begins as-—
62) 1) dialog: 
62) 4) dialog: How'd she toss all our shit? He lifts the last cushion to find his cigarette-dispenser broken. He clutches its remains in his hand.
62) 6) dialog: Fucking...Traitor... He storms over and kicks the sign with all his might. Pamphlets fly everywhere. He stares at the advertisement. Something in him changes.
62) 7) dialog: Okay... Okay... He turns back to the strewn furniture and yanks open a toppled set of drawers and pulls out a dark burgundy suit Jimmie starts off. Montgomery follows.
62) 8) dialog: Could you stay and watch the shit? Jimmie drops his board and skates off like a cowboy. Montgomery turns to the orphaned property. He leans down to right a lamp and notices a tossed pamphl He picks it up and inspects it. His brow furrows.
63) 0) text: Jimmie sits antsy, wearing the burgundy suit that was cle tailored to the larger figure of his grandfather. He taps shoes against the cold marble and looks across at a Latin man in a J.C. Penney suit hammering away at a keyboard.
63) 2) dialog: I want to buy a house.
63) 4) dialog: No, do I need to?
63) 6) dialog: I have a house in mind. 74.
63) 8) dialog: At least 4 million.
63) 10) dialog: How much is usual?
63) 12) dialog: I wouldn't have that.
63) 14) dialog: No no look, I get it. You're gonna type up all the answers I say and none of ‘em are going to work in my favor. I'm young, I'm black, I'm not rich. I came here knowing all that. But let's be real - you also got a quota to meet. I'm not calling you a predator-
65) 0) text: Montgomery arrives home to find the furniture is gone. Al that remains is the couch, upside-down. Mont climbs over and looks up. Jimmie sits like a gargoyle on the front porch rail above soaked in sweat. He tranquilly smokes. Montgomery climbs the last step. He studies Jimmie.
65) 2) dialog: Doesn't even matter bra. I got everything inside... except the couch. Shit fell on me. Jimmie laughs darkly. Montgomery looks concerned.
65) 4) dialog: Fuck that guy. 78.
65) 6) dialog: I understand if you can’t, but I’m not leaving bro.
65) 8) dialog: Where else am I gonna go? My dads in an SRO. My aunt’s out in bumfuck. My mom...I don’t even know where my mom is. I’m not leaving. I’m the last one left.
65) 10) dialog: I can’t go back there bro. Mont starts to cry.
65) 11) dialog: Bro...don’t cry...this house, this is what I do. It’s what WE do. Shit, you said it - who deserves to be here more than us? Right? This place is ours. We can’t just give up now. We gotta fight, right? Mont wipes away his tears and tries to force a smile.
65) 12) dialog: Right? Mont nods, a cancerous lump in his throat.
66) 1) dialog: Oh shit. You're writing?! Mont turns to see Jimmie in his doorway. Mont nods solemn
66) 3) dialog: Fuck yeah. Get it bra! Jimmie exits. Montgomery turns back to his opus. A soulful voice begins singing Scott McKenzie’s “If You’r Going to San Francisco.”
66) 4) text: EXT. HAIGHT ST. - Mike Marshall croons for passing touris INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - Montgomery sits at a sewin machine stitching together two different t-shirts. EXT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT STAIRWELL - Jimmie discovers a new realtor sign affixed to the front gate. He tears it down. Mont watches from the top of the stairs, worried. EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery hands a flier for his play the preacher, who sits on his box eating a sandwich. EXT. “THE HOUSE” NEIGHBORHOOD -Jimmie hands fliers to whi neighbors, calling out to them like a carnie. INT. "THE HOUSE" CORNER OF A ROOM - Montgomery finds Jimm with a hammer in hand, sleeping. He pulls a blanket on hi EXT. HP BAY - Montgomery shouts lines, leaping from one s of his boat to the other. He rehearses with himself, as i playing opposing characters in a scene. 78.7 78.8 78.9 79 80 80. EXT. “THE HOUSE” SIDE ALLEY - Jimmie looks up from his gardening to see a pair of drones flying overhead. INT. "THE HOUSE" BUTLER’S STAIR - Montgomery watches Jimm with troubled eyes, as Jimmie lacquers the step. A script drops. He grabs it and looks up at Montgomery above.
66) 5) dialog: Damn, you wrote all this?
67) 2) dialog: Montgomery?
67) 4) dialog: Shit. Hella fucking early. Jimmie carries us down the stairs towards the front door. house looks better than it ever has, in near museum condi
67) 6) dialog: Uh, yeah. He looks past Jimmie and makes his way inside for the fir time in years. JAMES SR. Man. He peaks in the parlor, nodding to himself as he struts, aided by his cane. Montgomery emerges from the basement with a chair, uphols still ripped from having been tossed on the sidewalk. JAMES SR. You mess up my daddy's chair, Mont- gum-ery?
68) 2) dialog: I guess you’re not so worried anymore huh? JAMES SR. Na, you still an idiot. But you’re my idiot- James turns to another group admiring the architecture as they pass. James Sr. JAMES SR. Crazy part is we don’t work here, this is ours. But we’re hiring help, applications upstairs, go on ahead. chuckles to his son.
68) 3) dialog: I honestly didn’t think you would come. JAMES SR. Yeah well at my age, a trip like this- (he taps his heart) Figured I should come see how this was all working out though. I know you think I be getting mad just to get mad, but I got my reasons. A moment passes. James Sr.’s eyes float to the front hall below. Jimmie tu to follow his gaze. Wanda stands looking at a framed photo she gave Jimmie. I it, Grandpa Fails theatrically holds a hammer for camera the front step. 83. Wanda looks up. She sees the men and inhales deeply.
68) 6) dialog: What about me?
69) 28) dialog: My last memory of Kofi is him talking shit to me. He said some of most fucked up shit anybody ever said to me. But Kofi also got jumped for defending me from older kids at our group home. He didn’t like to fight and he fought for me then. People aren’t one thing.
69) 43) dialog: Bra, what are you doing? Montgomery freezes, panting.
69) 45) dialog: I don’t need to know, let’s stop. James Sr.'’s jaw clenches.
69) 47) dialog: Alright bra, enough.
69) 49) dialog: 
69) 54) dialog: Yes he did. He built this house.
69) 56) dialog: He fucking did. How you gone tell me?
69) 58) dialog: You don’t get it...I’m not fucking great. Montgomery studies him, confused.
69) 59) dialog: Get outta here Mont. Montgomery’s confusion turns to shock.
69) 60) dialog: I’m not any of those things! Get out of my house. Jimmie marches out of the room. Chairs squeak as others b to rise slowly. Montgomery stands there, listless. INT./EXT. “THE HOUSE” MASTER BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Jimmie sits in the bay window watching the crowd spill ou onto the street. James Sr. enters and playfully puts his dukes up to Jimmi He softly faux-jabs Jimmie’s chin. Jimmie doesn’t laugh. JAMES SR. What, you in here watching TV? James’ gaze follows Jimmies to the people outside. JAMES SR. Man, they don't deserve to be in here anyway.
69) 61) dialog: Neither do we. 84 91. James Sr. sucks his teeth and starts to roll a cigarette. JAMES SR. You gone really let some ol’ other ass nigga tell you what’s true? C’mon Jayboe, get your spine up, son. Have some pride. James Sr. smiles. Jimmie doesn't. Jimmie finally turns to him. He looks him in the eyes, searching.
69) 62) dialog: I been knowing. (beat) But you say it. Jimmie studies his father. A range of emotions flash over James Sr.'s face. JAMES SR. Say what?
69) 63) dialog: The truth, I been knowing. This whole time. I’m a liar just like you. Now you say it. James looks at his son, naked. JAMES SR. Fuck outta here, man.
69) 64) dialog: Say it. After a moment, James Sr. lifts himself and passes his so He staggers down the steps, walks towards the front door pulls out the cigarette, his hands trembling. He lights i with the same motion Jimmie does, and opens the door to a strong wind. He exits.
70) 0) text: James Sr. clutches the collar of his coat, bracing for th wind. Jimmie looks on from the window above. The last parcel of life has left the house. Its emptiness heightens its magnificence. 85 86 87 88 92.
71) 0) text: Through archways, windows, and door frames - we see Jimmi trapped between the walls that once gave him freedom: Jimmie skates through the deserted house, his face expressionless. Down the hallway, into the kitchen, back the parlor, and round the hallway again. Jimmie stops skating, picks up his board, and sends it crashing into the door frame. THWACK. He screams as he sw it harder. On impact, WE CUT TO:
72) 0) text: Jimmie sits, cradling the two splintery halves of his boa Montgomery’s unfinished room stares back at him: tools an rigs sit awkwardly on the ornate shelving. SQUEAK. The gate outside swings shut. Jimmie turns his he
72) 3) dialog: (whispering) Auntie. She turns to see him, bleary-eyed and dejected.
73) 0) text: Wanda and Jimmie sit in silence in the yard.
73) 1) dialog: (softly) I been telling people he built it so long I almost forgot it wasn’t true. 93. Jimmie’s barely has any voice left.
73) 3) dialog: I don’t want to. I just want it.
73) 5) dialog: I love you Auntie, I’m sorry. 89 90
73) 8) dialog: Make all that the opening monologue for your next show.
74) 0) text: Jimmie sits in a pool of gold light, deep in thought. He’ surrounded by darkness.
75) 0) text: Jimmie sprawls across a seat, still in a meditative state San Francisco whirs past. Two voices cut through the rattling wheels.
75) 6) dialog: Excuse me- The girls turn to Jimmie, caught off guard. He remains slumped.
75) 7) dialog: You don't get to hate San Francisco.
75) 10) dialog: Do you love it?
75) 12) dialog: You don't get to hate it unless you love it. Jimmie rocks with the train. Nina and Becca turn away.
76) 0) text: Jimmie walks down the street, holding his broken board li wounded warrior returning from battle. He passes the neighborhood kids playing in a pile of leaves, two women scrubs waiting for a bus, the old man in his fez and kimo 91.1 92 93 96. Jimmie reaches the dock. He looks out over the water. Montgomery sits on his rowboat, watching life on land unf from his usual safe distance. He sees Jimmie. The two hold eye contact. Montgomery collects his fishing gear and begins to paddle HP DOCK - From Montgomery's perspective, we slop towards Jimmie standing on the dock, statuesque. We bump up and d against the chop...less...and less...until we sail smooth to him. Montgomery steps onto the dock and sees his broken board. Jimmie shakes his head, avoiding eye contact. MONTGOMERY (CONT’D) I'm sorry I did that, Jim. It was a stupid play.
76) 1) dialog: No it wasn’t. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the truth. I just wanted it to be true, it felt so good, you know.
76) 4) dialog: Yeah. Starving.
77) 0) text: Jimmie and Mont walk towards the house. Mont’s finger thr the gill of a fish he’s caught. None of the Greek Chorus around, only burnt candles, empty bottles and dead flower
78) 0) text: Jimmie, Montgomery and Grandpa watch an old movie. Montgo rapt by the tension, explains the plot to Grandpa, who lo glad to have his boys back. He squeezes Montgomery's arm. 94 95 96 97 97.1 97.
79) 0) text: Jimmie watches Montgomery, who stands in the bathtub in u and boots. He whistles as he scrapes the scales off a pet
79) 1) dialog: Why are you in your tightie whities?
80) 0) text: Jimmie grabs his cot from under the bed and rolls it out. Mont whispers goodnight to a drawing of his mom on the wa Jimmie stares at the ceiling, then at Montgomery. He watc his friend sleep, at peace. Jimmie's eyes float to the painting above Montgomery's head: A boat struggles against the chop of the San Francisco Ba
81) 0) text: Montgomery wakes, one side of his hair flattened from the pillow. He sits up to find Jimmie's cot rolled up.
82) 3) text: EXT. BUS STOP - Montgomery sits at a bus stop, mumbling t himself as he waits patiently. INT. GROCERY STORE - Montgomery, the last black man in Sa Francisco, stands behind the fish counter. He stares, eye slightly out of focus, at the rows of dead fish on ice. INT. BUS - Montgomery sits on the bus, staring out. EXT. THE BAY - We glide over deep water and slowly tilt u find Jimmie, rowing against the chop like Montgomery's painting. Freedom, fear, and determination fill his face. EXT. "THE HOUSE" - Montgomery stares up at the now lifele house from across the street. Stripped of its molding and intricate detail, the renovated facade now boasts a two c garage beneath it. INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR & FRONT HALLWAY - Young couples p between rooms, whispering in hushed tones. Montgomery flo past them like a ghost. The house is staged for purchase: Ikea couch, reclaimed wood table, cardboard books and wax Montgomery picks up a fake fruit and stares at it in his hand. He glances into the library with a purposeful look. INT. "THE HOUSE" LIBRARY - A couple inspects the built-in bookcases, failing to notice one of the shelves behind th slowly creak open and reveal a shadowy cavity. From the darkness, out leaps a dust-covered Montgomery, fingers gnarled like a vengeful ghost! Just before they c scream—