2) 51) dialog: Thats fruity.
11) 0) text: Gunna and Fresh laugh hard as Kofi gets roasts. Nitty pus through the uproar and gets in Kofi’s face, laughing.
11) 3) dialog: Man, y’all got me fucked up.
11) 5) dialog: Man what am I ‘sposed to do take off on him?!? 14 15 16 17 16.
34) 4) dialog: Never bra, I didn't even see them niggas!
34) 9) dialog: Na, I didn’t run.
34) 11) dialog: What?
34) 13) dialog: For what? You my folks!
42) 24) dialog: Y'all got a organ? Kofi notices Jimmie staring at him from the end of the ha Kofi nods ‘whats up.’ Jimmie nods back slowly. Kofi conti to the parlor.
42) 25) dialog: Got columns and shit...
43) 0) text: Kofi shifts in a stiff Victorian chair. He looks over Jim a little confused by his blood-stained goon clothes. Montgomery smiles politely. Flower arrangements plucked f neighbors gardens sprinkle the room. None of them quite know how to act under these foreign circumstances. All three have beer in mismatched glass chalices. 51. An eerie creaking sound comes from upstairs. Kofi looks around the candlelit room.
43) 1) dialog: It's just y'all here?
43) 4) dialog: (eying the chair) Yeah right on bro, this shit kinda awkward. But this place hella cool.
43) 6) dialog: How'd y'all get this?
43) 8) dialog: Oh shit, this that house. (to Montgomery) Man, he used to always talk about this. But you know niggas in group homes be exaggerating, tryna' act special. But you were foreal huh? Jimmie nods, as Kofi looks around.
44) 0) text: The trio sit in a cloud of smoke and steam in a homemade sauna. Montgomery has his shirt off, Jimmie and Kofi have opted to sweat through all their clothes. Loretta's candy bags litter the cedar seats. Jimmie takes final puff off a blunt and tries to pass it, no takers.
44) 1) dialog: Wait, your grandpa made this, too?
44) 3) dialog: How was he the first, though? (turning to Montgomery) This nigga woofin'. Jimmie adopts a cadence that Montgomery hasn't heard.
44) 5) dialog: Fillmoe? Psh never, bra.
44) 7) dialog: Fuuuuck. 53.
44) 10) dialog: Na.
44) 12) dialog: Yeah- remember when Rick got caught stealing from the candy lady? Jimmie bursts out laughing.
44) 14) dialog: Bra, I'm sayin'! And then Ms. Homer made him shave his head...But her white ass fucked up his lining. So his shit was crooked as fuck.
44) 16) dialog: BRUH! Lombard Street thooough- Kofi falls onto the floor giggling.
44) 17) dialog: Bra, I can't even...I'm finna piss myself. Y'all got a bathroom?
44) 19) dialog: Bet. Man, you niggas made it, man. That’s crazy. Kofi exits with a puff of steam, chuckling. Jimmie smiles at Montgomery, grateful. 52 53 54.
48) 6) dialog: Just like his momma and his daddy... Yeah I remember. Jimmie's smile vanishes. He turns to face Kofi.
48) 8) dialog: He probably got lace curtains in there for they little dollhouse. The men around Kofi crack up.
48) 9) dialog: Swear to god bra, two grown-ass men playing house! With candles and shit! I was dying!
48) 11) dialog: Shoo, bra! Get on! Aye Mont’ teach him how to vanish! FRESH pretends to flick a match. Jimmie breaks his stare, turns, and walks towards Montgom Nitty hugs Kofi, proudly.
49) 0) text: An expressive sketch of the Greek Chorus captures the joy moment they humiliated someone, Kofi standing front and center. Montgomery's hand enters and plucks out the Rockwellian pencil shading on FRESH. Jimmie stands in an old robe at the corner whisking eggs a fork. He watches Montgomery.
60) 0) text: The bus doors open. Through the fog, we slowly start to see two worried pedestrians whisper in hushed tones as they w off. Mont and Jimmie look at them concerned. 69.1 69. At Monts house, candles, flowers, and the Greek Chorus ar gathered, bleary-eyed and dejected on their slab of concr They avoid eye contact with one another, trying to mask t tears. Their matching necklaces hold freshly laminated ph of Kofi with the caption "RIP KOFI." Jimmie and Montgomery freeze. They stare at the Greek Cho first in shocked confusion, then in horror.
69) 0) text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand da teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the g between those we've met. The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtain creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomer He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversiz shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair. Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Sof sounds of the harbor play from a speaker. Montgomery suddenly springs to life. 84.
83) 0) text: Montgomery dangles his feet over the edge of the dock. Th faint sounds of sirens blare somewhere far away. Behind him, a candlelit vigil makes its way past his hous with signs reading RIP KOFI. They cast flickering gold sh onto Montgomery's reflection in the water. He stares out the Bay as the incoming mist begins to fog his view. END.