0) 5) text: You understand what I’m saying brothers and sisters. That’s why I urge you. Do not consummate with white women. Protect the black seed and leave us the hell alone. Unless you came to really help us. Across the street at a run-down bus stop, two African- Americans in their early 20s, JIMMIE FAILS and MONTGOMERY ALLEN, look at the scene, idly regarding it.
0) 9) dialog: Seems a bit more impromptu.
0) 11) dialog: I think he’s improv-ing.
0) 14) dialog: We'll get there.
1) 0) text: HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery and Jimmie ride together on his skateboard. They kick and maneuver in unison. They skate past decaying docks and industrial buildings. preacher's sermon continues as the "Main Score" begins.
1) 4) text: But should you venture into their San Francisco, the one they pillage for gold, remember your truth in the city of facades. The young men walk hurriedly through an altogether differ world; grand Victorians line the street. Jimmie and Montgomery zip towards the sprawling metropoli The duo bomb a rollercoaster hill. This is a serious jour EXT. DOWNTOWN - MORNING - Mont turns and stares out at al the commuters. He drinks in the city’s new population. TENDERLOIN - The young men pedal in unison past droves of homeless. A shoe flies by their heads. They duck and turn see a crazed man running alongside them, ripping off laye of clothes as he keeps pace. He shouts incoherently.
2) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in silence. They look up at a beautiful but crumbling three-story Victorian. Jimmie crosses the street towards The House like a moth t flame, Mont just behind. Jimmie and Mont approach the front gate and peer through bars.
2) 1) dialog: Are you sure they’re gone? Jimmie pushes open the gate.
2) 2) dialog: Jim... Jimmie floats up the steps, beckoned by some higher spiri
2) 4) dialog: (trying to appear normal) How you doing? The couple don’t seem to care. Mont peeks back up to Jimm and closes the gate behind him gently. MONTGOMERY (CONT’D) Let’s check the back, hm? Remember that time he was in the kitchen?
2) 7) dialog: Mhmm, got it.
2) 9) dialog: I'll bring my Grandpa’s tools next time.
2) 12) dialog: Yeah but Jim, you’re not gonna go inside. Jimmie’s eyes shift. He has other ideas. He walks down the steps.
2) 14) dialog: Let’s be quick this time, hm?
2) 16) text: I know, I'll be at my spot. FRONT OF “THE HOUSE" - Montgomery sits at his look-out pe flipping past old sketches of Jimmie. Jimmie paints the windowsill. We cut wide to see he’s standing atop a bird bath. He leans onto his tippy toes to peer inside once more. He sees a sad yellow table in the empty room. He leans forwa little more...a little more, a- WHAM! A croissant hits the window beside him. Jimmie turn
2) 36) dialog: I got distracted.
2) 38) text: Jimmie skates down the center of the street, Montgomery trotting beside him. They pass kids hiding in the bushes, men in bowties selli bean pies, girl rappers and their DP shooting a video, an man watching his grandson fix his car.
2) 40) dialog: I think it’s fine, I mean all fish has mercury.
2) 42) dialog: Well so, I guess it was male.
2) 44) dialog: Eh, my grandpa said the hazmats are just there to scare us.
2) 48) dialog: I mean, we shower in the same water, Jimmie. The Greek Chorus turns - having overheard this.
2) 54) dialog: (whispering to Nitty) I don’t think that’s true. Jimmie and Montgomery slowly shuffle past the Greek Choru to Montgomery's house, an old sea captain's lodgings. Hovering above the house's backyard are the most notoriou housing projects in the city.
3) 0) text: Jimmie sits on the couch beside Montgomery and his GRANDP who both clutch beers. Grandpa's smile holds a hint of widowed sadness he's too considerate to burden others wit The shimmering blue light of the TV illuminates the mens' faces as if radiating from an aquarium. 11.
3) 2) dialog: (whispering to Grandpa) He’s walking him into the Chief's office.
3) 6) dialog: Mhm, Edmond O’Brien, that’s right.
3) 8) dialog: Oh god.
3) 10) dialog: Just watch. Through a window behind the trio, we see Mont's rowboat hitched to a dock across the street. Beyond the dock, the twinkling lights of ships sprinkle the Bay.
4) 1) text: Hey Mont. Montgomery... How do I get them out of the house?
4) 2) dialog: Hm? We can hear Jimmie Peeing.
4) 5) dialog: Wouldn't that ruin the floors? Jimmie climbs into his cot on the floor, nested snug betw the bathroom and Montgomery’s bed.
4) 7) dialog: 44 magnum.
4) 9) dialog: Closer.
4) 11) dialog: We like having you here Jim.
6) 0) text: BLACK - with a pinhole pinch of light. We are a rock in t hand of a child. Mischievous cackles surround us. The chi launches us high into the sky. As we descend back to earth, we tumble towards a group of hidden kids, who all scatter except one. He sees them run and then looks up too late, just as the camera hurtles towards him - WACK - we collide with his head. From the bay, we see two groups of warring neighborhood k hailing scores of rocks at each other from behind makeshi forts. A few scream insults borrowed from older brothers. Montgomery watches the dangerous child's game unfold from serenity of his rowboat a hundred yards out. He sketches strange scene, trying to capture the drama before him, li blueprint for a future stage play. Suddenly, a three-headed fish flops onto the deck of the boat. Montgomery stares at the floundering oddity. A moment later Mont is on the dock shouting lines, leapin back and forth as if playing opposing characters in a sce He’s working out the lines of a shouting match between th preacher and a hazmat clean up man. Mont gets a good idea and jots it down.
7) 0) text: *Bloop, bloop.* Red Rock Cod swim in place in an overcrow tank. A hand plunges into the tank and grabs one. 10 11 12 14. Montgomery stands behind the fish counter of the Chinese supermarket, his apron smeared with fish guts. Behind him Mont’s colleague reaches around the tank. Jimmie bored, making a whirlpool with his finger in the open tank.
7) 2) dialog: Eh. Mngh. Writing is rewriting. It's all a part of it- An old Chinese woman politely tries to flag Mont’s collea
7) 3) dialog: I can help you, ma’am. Jimmie swigs a Pepsi and Montgomery prepares her meat.
12) 0) text: Montgomery looks deep into the full-length mirror. He cle his throat and takes a nip of whiskey from the cap. He be trying on different voices for size.
12) 1) dialog: What's up nigga? What...is up nigga? Sup nigguh? Was good neeguh? Hey nigga! How are you nigga? Good day, nigga.
15) 0) text: Jimmie's signature beanie, flannel, and skate-worn khakis strewn across Mont's bed, as if worn by an invisible man. Mont opens the door in his long johns to find Jimmie stan at his mirror. He's in low-hanging jeans and a studded be considering two different goon shirts. Montgomery freezes.
15) 1) dialog: Are you going to see your dad?
15) 3) dialog: Nearly, I'll get my tools. Mont nods and returns to brushing his teeth as he walks o Jimmie self-consciously removes his fitted cap.
16) 2) dialog: Hey Jim... didn’t you used to live in that car?
17) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery walk through the Fillmore, gardenin tools in hand. As they approach "The House," Jimmie's eye widen. He continues forward, mouth agape, as men in unifo carry boxes past him. He stands frozen like a zombie. Mary cries into Terry's shoulder as a mover carries a box down the front steps of "The House." Terry looks up to se Jimmie and Montgomery with their tools and puts a hand up if to say not today boys. Jimmie turns to the nearest mover.
17) 10) dialog: So what happens to it now? Jimmie stares at Mont.
18) 0) text: Skateboard wheels roar against the pavement as Jimmie pou the concrete, almost in tears. Montgomery runs alongside like a kid who never played spo He glances at Jimmie, wondering if he'll slow down. Jimmie's legs seem to double in speed as his mind races. breaks his long stare to check on Montgomery. He's no lon beside him. He slows to a halt and looks back. Montgomery is kneeled over, panting. He points up.
18) 1) dialog: Wanna...Get...Candy? Jimmie's eyes follow Montgomery's finger up the hill to a line of people filing out of the door of a housing projec
19) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in a line made up of mostly k LORETTA, the proprietor of the makeshift store, sits behi folding table with a cash box on her lap. Darrel, now counting candy bars instead of throwing rocks places them into a purple bag and hands it to his mother.
19) 7) dialog: Why'd they have to move out because her mother died?
19) 10) dialog: (blushes ) Do you have any Saltwater Taffy, Loretta?
20) 3) dialog: Jesus. Who's that?
24) 1) dialog: It's a beautiful house, Jim. Jimmie takes that in, knowing Mont wouldn't just say it.
24) 2) dialog: More beautiful than I could have imagined.
25) 2) dialog: Your hair...it fits the archway like a puzzle piece.
26) 0) text: Jimmie, Montgomery and Montgomery’s Grandpa sit on the co enraptured by the old home movie. Jimmie looks excited to the narrator for once. 31.
26) 7) dialog: Willie Mays was at the house?
27) 0) text: Tiled walls reverberate with the guitar strums of a greyi black man, his case open for coin. He's turned the Top 40 ballad "How to Save a Life" into melancholic folk. Perhap loves the song. Perhaps he knows his audience. Beside him, a half-sleeping spanger holds a sign that rea I U$ed To liVe here... SF nAtive Jimmie and Montgomery enter frame and carry us beyond the busker. A generous goon drops a bill in his case. His mus echoes on as we follow them down a long tunnel, past a homeless family and droves of desperate masses.
28) 0) text: The BART train howls. Jimmie sits in the window beside Montgomery, holding a crumpled, B&W photo. In it - a dapp young Grandpa Allen hugs a man that must be Jimmie's grandfather, in an elegantly decorated room.
29) 0) text: A handsome Asian man, RICKY, skates back and forth on in street on Jimmie’s board. Jimmie and Wanda sit in vintage lawn chairs; Wanda in a chaise lounge. Montgomery sprawls on the dead lawn beside them, pulling grass. Wanda cools herself with a battery powered fan. They’re sweaty, overdressed for the burbs.
29) 5) dialog: Oh um. Uh - not yet no.
31) 0) text: We hear nothing but a microphone crackling. Then bubbles. Jimmie and Montgomery sit in the back of a stake bed truc with chicken wire walls, surrounded by unique furniture. Golden light strikes the rows of crops as they fly by. Th clean lines dance in perfect rhythm, one after the next.
31) 9) dialog: So Ricky never lived here, eh? 38.
32) 2) dialog: You don’t even read the paper.
32) 4) dialog: You think this can be really be our home? Silence.
32) 6) dialog: Sometimes you have to lie.
32) 8) dialog: Plus, I think you need to be here. The house needs you. Though I might be crazy. 38 39 40.
32) 11) dialog: The neighbors?
32) 14) dialog: Zeeeeeeeeeeeee-hooooo!
34) 20) dialog: That’s great! That’s great! Yes! They turn to see Montgomery crossing the street. He approaches Nitty.
34) 21) dialog: What are we...hm....I believe you. Montgomery turns to each member of the group, giving note like a theater director. We scan their confused faces. He arrives at Kofi.
34) 22) dialog: You're okay there. Montgomery lingers for a moment, then marches back across street.
34) 23) dialog: Keep building it!
35) 0) text: Red autumn leaves flit downwards like snowfall. We descen with them past each gorgeous story and land on Montgomery the front yard, attempting to catch them with a garbage b Jimmie cleans the roof’s gutter, cig in his mouth. INT. “THE HOUSE” PARLOR - AFTERNOON Jimmie and Montgomery hang a large photograph of Yosemite a picture ledge.
36) 2) dialog: I'm gonna lean forward.
36) 4) dialog: I'm gonna.
36) 6) dialog: Cause I'm gonna get nervous. I'm just gonna go with that.
36) 8) dialog: Jesus!
37) 0) text: Jimmie carefully peels away old wallpaper, revealing long hidden wood beneath. Montgomery lays crumpled on the floo dusty and scraped up from his tumble. He scratches away g residue from the wall, groaning.
37) 2) dialog: (groaning) Just gotta dampen it more. 44 45
37) 5) dialog: I wanted to know what it feels like when you eat shit. Jimmie shakes his head, smiling.
38) 0) text: A black HOMELESS OPERA SINGER belts "O mio babbino caro" perfect Italian. His booming voice almost drowns out a co fighting down the street. A strung-out man dances along. Jimmie watches, transfixed. Instead of his signature flan and black beanie, he's wearing the goon clothes he'd trie in Montgomery's mirror. Jimmie stashes his board in a bush beside the singer and him a dollar. He crosses the street into a brick building We tilt up the building to the 13tn floor. A man sits in window, like a deposed king banished to some sequestered tower. He watches the little people scurry about as he sp sunflower seeds at the world below.
42) 4) dialog: You okay? Jimmie sits in the door frame of a hidden room behind a f bookcase. He glances back at Mont, a little embarrassed.
42) 6) dialog: What is this?
42) 8) dialog: Yeah man. Did you see him today? Jimmie scoots out as Montgomery gently swings the false w Light swings back and forth on Jimmie’s otherwise dark fa
42) 10) dialog: How'd it go?
42) 12) dialog: Well what do you think?
42) 14) dialog: I thought you said he’s an idiot. Jimmie tries not to chuckle.
42) 16) dialog: Who should be here more? Some millionaire? Montgomery looks up to the wood Jimmie was working on. 49 50 50.
42) 17) dialog: They'd want it cause it looks nice. You're the reason it looks nice.
42) 20) dialog: I invited somebody.
42) 22) dialog: What's good nigga? Glad you could make it. Kofi slowly enters and slaps fives with Montgomery.
42) 23) dialog: Pardon me for a sec. Mont scurries off as Kofi takes in the biggest house he’s ever been in.
43) 0) text: Kofi shifts in a stiff Victorian chair. He looks over Jim a little confused by his blood-stained goon clothes. Montgomery smiles politely. Flower arrangements plucked f neighbors gardens sprinkle the room. None of them quite know how to act under these foreign circumstances. All three have beer in mismatched glass chalices. 51. An eerie creaking sound comes from upstairs. Kofi looks around the candlelit room.
43) 3) dialog: Nice to see you in that chair. I didn’t know you'd pick that one, but I think I’m glad you did. It looks good on you.
43) 5) dialog: Yeah, Jimmie's been doing a lot to fix it up.
43) 7) dialog: It’s Jimmie’s, his grandpa built it. He was the first black man in San Francisco.
43) 9) dialog: You were in a group home?
43) 11) dialog: Huh. 51 52. Something clicks for Montgomery. He looks back at the two them. A beat passes.
43) 12) dialog: You guys wanna go for a schvitz? Jimmie turns, a smile cracks through.
44) 0) text: The trio sit in a cloud of smoke and steam in a homemade sauna. Montgomery has his shirt off, Jimmie and Kofi have opted to sweat through all their clothes. Loretta's candy bags litter the cedar seats. Jimmie takes final puff off a blunt and tries to pass it, no takers.
44) 8) dialog: Fuuuuck. The trio fall silent.
45) 2) dialog: Aw Jim, that’s okay.
45) 4) dialog: Any room?
46) 0) text: As if pulled by some spirit, Montgomery floats forward. H eyes catch the corners of various rooms as he ambles forw Jimmie stands on a chair in the background fiddling with electrical box. He flips a nob and the room lights up wit warm glow. Montgomery enters the dining room, his head turned up at heavens. It’s his very own Sistine Chapel: paintings of colorful birds spread their wings across the ceiling.
46) 1) dialog: Is this one okay?
46) 3) dialog: It's perfect. 55.
47) 0) text: Montgomery, wearing an old werewolf mask, sorts through p and costumes. Only a few tools remain hanging on his once covered walls, the rest packed away in scattered milk cra He begins organizing metal pulleys and clews into a crate with other stage rigging materials. In the next room, Jimmie paces back and forth on the phon
47) 5) dialog: He already pays half, Grandpa.
47) 7) dialog: I think he knows that. Montgomery removes the mask, putting it in a crate. He pu a drill from a hook on the wall.
47) 9) dialog: Just packing some things. It's for a project.
47) 11) dialog: It's a- well I'm still working- don't quite have a plot yet.
47) 13) dialog: We’re in a bit of a rush, but I'd love to soon.
48) 0) text: Catcalls from the Greek Chorus fail to land on Montgomery head cocked listening, fascinated. He pushes a cart full crates, various prop hats stacked atop his head.
49) 0) text: An expressive sketch of the Greek Chorus captures the joy moment they humiliated someone, Kofi standing front and center. Montgomery's hand enters and plucks out the Rockwellian pencil shading on FRESH. Jimmie stands in an old robe at the corner whisking eggs a fork. He watches Montgomery.
49) 2) dialog: You talked shit when I met you.
49) 4) dialog: You did. It’s fine though. Jimmie watches Montgomery sip a beer and continue sketchi
49) 6) dialog: You care about things. I liked you. He grabs a chewed-up pencil from his crate of art supplie
49) 8) dialog: I shouldn’t get to appreciate them just cuz they’re mean to me? That seems silly. Jimmie furrows his brow, confused. He looks up and sees a neighbor through the window whisking eggs in her kitchen. studies the middle-aged woman in her robe.
49) 13) dialog: We're quite fortunate. They clink bottles. EXT. HOUSE PARTY WINDOW - A large Victorian pulses with t vibrations of music and the energy of millennials. A man dances in a corner window. His gaze catches Jimmie and Montgomery ogling from outside. He smiles and waves them The young men tipsily look around, alarmed someone has ca their peeping. They look back up at the house. Partygoers hang over the second story balcony. A couple s on a fire escape; legs dangling, throwing feathers. Jimmie finishes his bottle. The duo and walk into towards camera, until their bodies black out the frame. They step through the other side, into the world they'd been watchi
50) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery enter the house, passing various partygoers. 59 60 60. They stop and watch a man with Robert-Plant-hair and musi theater-gusto hand-dances and sing to a song playing overhead. Jimmie stares at him, eyes glazed. Montgomery grabs a bot off the shelf and swigs it, looking around.
54) 2) dialog: Dancing.
55) 1) dialog: (loudly) I mean! Jimmie eyes his neighbors' sleepy houses as they go home.
55) 3) dialog: (loudly whispering) I hahd ah grreat time. Youuu, you dodn't dance. 64 65 64.
55) 5) dialog: Yeaaah you could, but you dodnt- soo why a tree?
55) 7) dialog: Theres no point! You can’t care SO MUCH about what they think. Life isn perzonal. Jimmie turns back.
55) 9) dialog: 
56) 0) text: Jimmie lies on his newly-assembled bed. He looks small underneath the steep towering walls, alone for the first night in longer than he can remember. His minds wanders to Serena and he slips his hand under t sheets. Loud drilling and strange space-jazz burst throug the shaking walls from Montgomery's room. He pulls his ha out from the sheets and turns to sleep.
59) 1) dialog: You think she's gonna stay there all night?
59) 10) dialog: Pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
60) 0) text: The bus doors open. Through the fog, we slowly start to see two worried pedestrians whisper in hushed tones as they w off. Mont and Jimmie look at them concerned. 69.1 69. At Monts house, candles, flowers, and the Greek Chorus ar gathered, bleary-eyed and dejected on their slab of concr They avoid eye contact with one another, trying to mask t tears. Their matching necklaces hold freshly laminated ph of Kofi with the caption "RIP KOFI." Jimmie and Montgomery freeze. They stare at the Greek Cho first in shocked confusion, then in horror.
61) 0) text: Jimmie and Montgomery sit on the couch, lifeless. Grandpa sits facing the open window where mourners can be heard.
61) 8) dialog: Grandpa...
61) 13) dialog: I was writing a play about him, you know.
61) 16) dialog: You a funny motherfucker Jimmie.
62) 3) dialog: Oh god. Jimmie mechanically starts problem-solving, collecting de cushions from the sidewalk and tossing them on the couch.
62) 5) dialog: I don't think it was her... Jimmie follows Montgomery's worried gaze to a "FOR SALE" with Clayton's face printed on it, smiling back at him. 74 73.
64) 3) dialog: Fine sir. I noticed the house we'd discussed is now for sale. Clayton leans back his seat, his eyes narrow.
64) 4) dialog: There were some alarming things in your literature I thought you might want to know. And certainly the Bureau of Real Estate would.
64) 6) dialog: This says the property has a view of the Golden Gate? Which I don't think is true, well it isn't. Clayton's brow furrows.
64) 7) dialog: It also claims to have all original "fixtures, floors and faucets". Clayton nods slowly.
64) 8) dialog: And are you planning on disclosing there's no septic Fresh? So any day now, the garden could be flooded with...shit.
64) 10) dialog: Well, together this seems like false advertising, which is grounds to void a sale. Potentially revoke a license. Perhaps it isn’t worth it to you to take this on.
64) 12) dialog: Excuse me?
64) 14) dialog: I don’t have a deal.
64) 17) dialog: I'm serious. I will report you.
64) 19) dialog: Well you're lying about the history of the house. You're saying here it's 100 years older than it actually is.
64) 21) dialog: Yes, you are. James Fails built this house in 1946. 76 77.
65) 0) text: Montgomery arrives home to find the furniture is gone. Al that remains is the couch, upside-down. Mont climbs over and looks up. Jimmie sits like a gargoyle on the front porch rail above soaked in sweat. He tranquilly smokes. Montgomery climbs the last step. He studies Jimmie.
65) 1) dialog: Where’d you go?
65) 3) dialog: Jim, I spoke to the realtor-
65) 5) dialog: Yeah well he’s gonna keep throwing us out. And eventually call the cops. Jimmie shakes his head, stewing. MONTGOMERY (CONT’D) I don’t know how much longer we can keep doing this.
65) 7) dialog: Jimmie, he said your-
65) 9) dialog: We have my house-
65) 13) dialog: Yeah...yeah, you’re right. I’m with you Jim. Jimmie nods appreciatively at Mont and looks away. 77 78 78.1 78.2 78.3 78.4 78.5 78.6 79. Mont stares at Jimmie long and hard. An idea begins to br
66) 0) text: Montgomery scribbles furiously into a notepad. He rips ou the sheet, places it onto a growing stack, and cracks his back. The pocket doors slide open behind him.
66) 2) dialog: It's a play. I'd like to put it on here in a week. If that's alright?
66) 4) text: EXT. HAIGHT ST. - Mike Marshall croons for passing touris INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - Montgomery sits at a sewin machine stitching together two different t-shirts. EXT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT STAIRWELL - Jimmie discovers a new realtor sign affixed to the front gate. He tears it down. Mont watches from the top of the stairs, worried. EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery hands a flier for his play the preacher, who sits on his box eating a sandwich. EXT. “THE HOUSE” NEIGHBORHOOD -Jimmie hands fliers to whi neighbors, calling out to them like a carnie. INT. "THE HOUSE" CORNER OF A ROOM - Montgomery finds Jimm with a hammer in hand, sleeping. He pulls a blanket on hi EXT. HP BAY - Montgomery shouts lines, leaping from one s of his boat to the other. He rehearses with himself, as i playing opposing characters in a scene. 78.7 78.8 78.9 79 80 80. EXT. “THE HOUSE” SIDE ALLEY - Jimmie looks up from his gardening to see a pair of drones flying overhead. INT. "THE HOUSE" BUTLER’S STAIR - Montgomery watches Jimm with troubled eyes, as Jimmie lacquers the step. A script drops. He grabs it and looks up at Montgomery above.
66) 6) dialog: There’s more...but I’d rather you see that in person. EXT. HAIGHT ST. - Montgomery stands intrigued watching Mi Marshall sing his heart out. A man on a monowheel zips pa
67) 7) dialog: Oh, no sir. We're, was a... Montgomery looks to Jimmie for help. JAMES SR. You got stage fright huh? James Sr. passes Montgomery, patting his shoulder. JAMES SR. I don't care about the chair, son. He walks down the hall and sits down at the organ. He yan few knobs and begins playing something resembling Bootsy Collins’ “I’d Rather Be With You.” He stops and smiles. JAMES SR. My daddy hated when I played that shit.
68) 8) dialog: Curtain's up in 10! Nobody moves.
69) 0) text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand da teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the g between those we've met. The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtain creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomer He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversiz shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair. Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Sof sounds of the harbor play from a speaker. Montgomery suddenly springs to life. 84.
69) 1) dialog: What Imma hit you for, you my folks! Montgomery flips 180 degrees, revealing he's in two-face. second half of his costume is a replica of Nitty.
69) 2) dialog: Alright alright, but I cant have soft niggas around me breh. Hit me. Montgomery flips 180 degrees back to "Kofi's" profile.
69) 3) dialog: For what bro? For what? Montgomery flips to Nitty.
69) 4) dialog: Hit me nigga! Man up! Jimmie enters dressed as Death, a long black robe ends at white skeletal make-up. He slips behind a bush, then a mailbox, ever closer.
69) 5) dialog: No bra!
69) 6) dialog: You SOFT breh. They gone call you a bitch at your funeral! Hit me! Kofi erupts, wailing at the air wildly.
69) 7) dialog: AhhhhhhHHHHHHHHH!
69) 9) dialog: Alright, yeah nigga! I don't give a fuck! Come see me! Who hiding out there? Man up! Jimmie runs up, raises a finger gun. BANG! - The audience jumps at the sound effect and white strobe flash. BANG! - Another flash. They disappear. DARKNESS . 85. The audience is hushed, all breath taken out of the room.
69) 10) dialog: No words. No words...Please send e- hugs. A projection appears, crisp white text against the black: "No words. No words. Please send e-hugs. #KOFIWORLD [world emoji]"
69) 11) dialog: Hazel Greene. 135 likes. The text disappears with a click. Then another: "Just smoked w you the other day. Crazy. [smoking hand emoji]"
69) 12) dialog: Just smoked with you the other day. Crazy. - John Bishop. 206 likes. 10 shares. As another slide appears, we pull wide to see Montgomery now dressed like the street Preacher.
69) 13) dialog: Are these the people that knew Kofi? The low solemn voices of a black male choir rise.
69) 14) dialog: Got yelled at by my bitch boss for being late. Sorry theres no timer for grief! Thinking of you always, Koofi - Leah Tanaka. 320 likes. The next text appears.
69) 15) dialog: (shouting) Man, can't beLIEVE we lost my bra. BUT you wouldn't want me to be sad Ko', so I put my PAIN into my MUSIC!! MAKE sure y'all LIKE the post!! - Rrrrodney Tuck. The curtains widen to reveal that the choir is made up of the street musicians we've met throughout the film. 86.
69) 16) dialog: (top of his lungs) Mr. Tuck MOVED to FLORIDA 10 years ago. They share ONE mutual friend. His post links to a song called
69) 19) dialog: Kofi had more dimensions than a POST could reflect. Or a PLAY could capture. So I summon YOU. Celebrate the life he lived, not through those who SPEAK loudest, but by the memories he LEFT US ALL- MA‘AM!!! Montgomery points to Loretta. His voice softens.
69) 20) dialog: - how will you remember Kofi? Loretta hesitates for a moment, unsure of whether or not speak. Montgomery nods encouragingly and Loretta stands.
69) 22) dialog: And what about you, sir? Montgomery points to Andy Roy. Andy stands, wipes his fac
69) 25) dialog: And you, Grandpa Allen? Bobby nudges Grandpa to alert him. He's already aware.
69) 27) dialog: And you, my friend? Montgomery points at Jimmie, who has snuck into the middl the audience. Jimmie stands.
69) 29) dialog: THAT. All of it! Montgomery turns to his congregation, smiling proudly.
69) 30) dialog: What would’ve happened if Kofi had the chance to show himself? All forms of himself? Nobody answers.
69) 31) dialog: The world had a box for him. And he never pushed beyond it. (scans the walls) (MORE )
69) 33) dialog: Perhaps...if Kofi had grown up just a few neighborhoods over - he could've been gentle. And proud to have been that. FRESH starts to tear up.
69) 34) dialog: But we aren't gathered here solely to mourn. Let us break the boxes. Montgomery bangs his fist against the newly painted wall.
69) 35) dialog: Let us give each other the courage to SEE and BE SEEN. He points at Loretta.
69) 36) dialog: YOU - Robin Hood of sweets! He points at Wanda's husband, Ricky.
69) 37) dialog: YOU - once-jailed activist! He whips a finger up at Jimmie.
69) 38) dialog: And YOU! You, Jimmie, are what is great about this city! You're a fantastic human. A great friend. Jimmie self-consciously shifts as people look at him.
69) 39) dialog: We're here in this reborn relic because of what this man has done! From Jimmie's expression we can see Montgomery is off-scr
69) 40) dialog: Let us see him now. Self-taught historian, carpenter, master decorator, working class hero, lover of lost San Francisco, friend to all friends. YOU. You are seen. Let us really look at Jimmie Fails the Third. The color drains from Jimmie's face as those who haven't already turned to look at him shift in their seats. 89.
69) 41) dialog: And we don't NEED any of this to see you. This, our little tabernacle, is but a place to congregate today. BUT tomorrow, you, YOU EXIST beyond these walls of your forefathers. He slams his hands against the walls, cracking the wood. whole audience jumps. Jimmie's jaw hardens. Montgomery smiles warmly at Jimmie as he approaches him.
69) 42) dialog: You exist! In every form of yourself! You - you are not this floor! Montgomery lifts the chair Jimmie just fixed and pounds i the floor for effect. Its leg breaks, rattling Montgomery
69) 44) dialog: You are not this house, Jimmie. And, and, it's time YOU KNOW.
69) 46) dialog: You extend beyond these wa-
69) 48) dialog: Jimmie you don’t need-
69) 51) dialog: 
69) 55) dialog: Jim, he didn’t.
69) 57) dialog: I saw the deed. Jimmie looks to everyone, embarrassed. He turns back to M
72) 0) text: Jimmie sits, cradling the two splintery halves of his boa Montgomery’s unfinished room stares back at him: tools an rigs sit awkwardly on the ornate shelving. SQUEAK. The gate outside swings shut. Jimmie turns his he
76) 0) text: Jimmie walks down the street, holding his broken board li wounded warrior returning from battle. He passes the neighborhood kids playing in a pile of leaves, two women scrubs waiting for a bus, the old man in his fez and kimo 91.1 92 93 96. Jimmie reaches the dock. He looks out over the water. Montgomery sits on his rowboat, watching life on land unf from his usual safe distance. He sees Jimmie. The two hold eye contact. Montgomery collects his fishing gear and begins to paddle HP DOCK - From Montgomery's perspective, we slop towards Jimmie standing on the dock, statuesque. We bump up and d against the chop...less...and less...until we sail smooth to him. Montgomery steps onto the dock and sees his broken board. Jimmie shakes his head, avoiding eye contact. MONTGOMERY (CONT’D) I'm sorry I did that, Jim. It was a stupid play.
76) 2) dialog: That’s okay- Jimmie hugs him tight. Montgomery hugs him back.
76) 3) dialog: Jimmie. You hungry?
78) 0) text: Jimmie, Montgomery and Grandpa watch an old movie. Montgo rapt by the tension, explains the plot to Grandpa, who lo glad to have his boys back. He squeezes Montgomery's arm. 94 95 96 97 97.1 97.
79) 0) text: Jimmie watches Montgomery, who stands in the bathtub in u and boots. He whistles as he scrapes the scales off a pet
79) 2) dialog: I'm cleaning fish. Jimmie smiles and begins chuckling. It's as if Montgomery quirks were put on earth for him alone to enjoy.
80) 0) text: Jimmie grabs his cot from under the bed and rolls it out. Mont whispers goodnight to a drawing of his mom on the wa Jimmie stares at the ceiling, then at Montgomery. He watc his friend sleep, at peace. Jimmie's eyes float to the painting above Montgomery's head: A boat struggles against the chop of the San Francisco Ba
81) 0) text: Montgomery wakes, one side of his hair flattened from the pillow. He sits up to find Jimmie's cot rolled up.
82) 0) text: Montgomery walks into the living room. Grandpa lies aslee the recliner under a blanket. Montgomery shuts off the TV He enters the kitchen and finds a flier folded in half. Below the play’s header, “THE LAST BLACK MAN IN SAN FRANCISCO,” is "MONTGOMERY" in beautiful handwriting. Montgomery takes a seat and opens the flyer. It reads:
82) 3) text: EXT. BUS STOP - Montgomery sits at a bus stop, mumbling t himself as he waits patiently. INT. GROCERY STORE - Montgomery, the last black man in Sa Francisco, stands behind the fish counter. He stares, eye slightly out of focus, at the rows of dead fish on ice. INT. BUS - Montgomery sits on the bus, staring out. EXT. THE BAY - We glide over deep water and slowly tilt u find Jimmie, rowing against the chop like Montgomery's painting. Freedom, fear, and determination fill his face. EXT. "THE HOUSE" - Montgomery stares up at the now lifele house from across the street. Stripped of its molding and intricate detail, the renovated facade now boasts a two c garage beneath it. INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR & FRONT HALLWAY - Young couples p between rooms, whispering in hushed tones. Montgomery flo past them like a ghost. The house is staged for purchase: Ikea couch, reclaimed wood table, cardboard books and wax Montgomery picks up a fake fruit and stares at it in his hand. He glances into the library with a purposeful look. INT. "THE HOUSE" LIBRARY - A couple inspects the built-in bookcases, failing to notice one of the shelves behind th slowly creak open and reveal a shadowy cavity. From the darkness, out leaps a dust-covered Montgomery, fingers gnarled like a vengeful ghost! Just before they c scream—
83) 0) text: Montgomery dangles his feet over the edge of the dock. Th faint sounds of sirens blare somewhere far away. Behind him, a candlelit vigil makes its way past his hous with signs reading RIP KOFI. They cast flickering gold sh onto Montgomery's reflection in the water. He stares out the Bay as the incoming mist begins to fog his view. END.