0) 1) dialog: Why they got suits on and we don't? Something is going on right in front of our face. But you stuck on your i-phone, j-phone 12, whatever. Blow up in your hand! You cant Google whats goin’ on right now. They lucky I’m aman of god now. Or I'd suicide bomb this mother-. Tracking with her, we land on a black man in his Sunday b He stands on a box, shouting at nobody in particular.
0) 2) dialog: Are ya'll paying attention? Why do they have suits on and we don’t?... Why?!?! Listen to me man! An old lady drives by and honks supportively at the Preac He waves without breaking focus.
0) 3) dialog: They here to clean this water? Man, this water been funky as the devils mouth for fifty years and now they wanna clean it up?!?!.. Not for you and me, no sir! They got plans for us. He points his chin in disgust at the men in white suits.
0) 4) dialog: They got those suits on lookin like a George Jetson rejects because they weak. Weak hearts. Weak lungs. They cant even breathe out here without a mask on. We were made to be put through hell to be purified. (MORE )
0) 7) dialog: They lucky I’m a man of God now or they'd catch this fade!
0) 12) dialog: It’s 2019 out here, we been yelling about this water since before they was born! Jimmie looks anxiously for the bus down the empty road. Camera begins to slowly push towards him.
0) 15) dialog: So I urge y’all to fight for your land!
1) 0) text: HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery and Jimmie ride together on his skateboard. They kick and maneuver in unison. They skate past decaying docks and industrial buildings. preacher's sermon continues as the "Main Score" begins.
1) 1) dialog: This here, THIS is the edge brah. The final frontier of manifest destiny. The last edge of the city, last edge of the country! Man, two steps further and you'd be drinking that filthy salt water. ILLINOIS ST BRIDGE - Jimmie and Mont skate over the bridg
1) 2) dialog: We built these ships, dredged these canals, in the San Francisco they never knew existed. HP CORNER STORE - The young men shoot past a corner store with a man sitting in front of a mural of himself. He wav Hunters Point residents are out in their Sunday’s best. PORTOLA ROSE GARDEN - They pass construction workers pull apart a decaying roof across from cookie-cutter homes.
1) 3) dialog: And now they wanna build something new?!? Whole blocks half in the past, half in the future. BERNAL HILL - Jimmie and Mont climb a mountainous hill, t sun rising over the shipyards at their back. As they summ the final red boulder, we see a sprawling civilization be
1) 5) dialog: Look at them look at you, look down at you. But we built them. Jimmie and Montgomery skate past towering buildings. FILLMORE - The young men skate through an altogether different world; grand Victorians line the street.
1) 6) dialog: We are these homes. Their eyes... We narrow in on the details of one very special home as w intercut with details of Jimmie skating towards it: Two big attic windows, like eyes stare down on the street Jimmie staring forward, focused, skates with determinatio
1) 7) dialog: Their pointed brims. A crooked witch hat tower sprouting from the roof. Jimmie’s beanie rises into frame as he pedals.
1) 8) dialog: We move as they move. An old curtain flaps in the window. Jimmies clutches his coat, flapping alongside him.
1) 10) dialog: Gilded in our image. Jimmie’s gold chain floats upwards glinting in the light. A tall door with chipped gold leafing catches morning sun The music climbs with each new detail until!
6) 0) text: BLACK - with a pinhole pinch of light. We are a rock in t hand of a child. Mischievous cackles surround us. The chi launches us high into the sky. As we descend back to earth, we tumble towards a group of hidden kids, who all scatter except one. He sees them run and then looks up too late, just as the camera hurtles towards him - WACK - we collide with his head. From the bay, we see two groups of warring neighborhood k hailing scores of rocks at each other from behind makeshi forts. A few scream insults borrowed from older brothers. Montgomery watches the dangerous child's game unfold from serenity of his rowboat a hundred yards out. He sketches strange scene, trying to capture the drama before him, li blueprint for a future stage play. Suddenly, a three-headed fish flops onto the deck of the boat. Montgomery stares at the floundering oddity. A moment later Mont is on the dock shouting lines, leapin back and forth as if playing opposing characters in a sce He’s working out the lines of a shouting match between th preacher and a hazmat clean up man. Mont gets a good idea and jots it down.
61) 18) text: INT. GUNNA’S HOUSE - In the late evening, Gunna consoles son, Darrel, as he tucks him into bed. INT. BOBBY'S CAR - In the dead of night, Bobby plays solitaire as he listens to the radio. His girlfriend smok INT. PREACHER'S HOME - In the early hours of the morning, Preacher adjusts his bow tie in front of the mirror. EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - The Preacher walks down a desolate st under an orange sky. He places his soap box in the middle the frame. He steps on top, takes a deep breath, and just he opens his mouth-
66) 4) text: EXT. HAIGHT ST. - Mike Marshall croons for passing touris INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - Montgomery sits at a sewin machine stitching together two different t-shirts. EXT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT STAIRWELL - Jimmie discovers a new realtor sign affixed to the front gate. He tears it down. Mont watches from the top of the stairs, worried. EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery hands a flier for his play the preacher, who sits on his box eating a sandwich. EXT. “THE HOUSE” NEIGHBORHOOD -Jimmie hands fliers to whi neighbors, calling out to them like a carnie. INT. "THE HOUSE" CORNER OF A ROOM - Montgomery finds Jimm with a hammer in hand, sleeping. He pulls a blanket on hi EXT. HP BAY - Montgomery shouts lines, leaping from one s of his boat to the other. He rehearses with himself, as i playing opposing characters in a scene. 78.7 78.8 78.9 79 80 80. EXT. “THE HOUSE” SIDE ALLEY - Jimmie looks up from his gardening to see a pair of drones flying overhead. INT. "THE HOUSE" BUTLER’S STAIR - Montgomery watches Jimm with troubled eyes, as Jimmie lacquers the step. A script drops. He grabs it and looks up at Montgomery above.