31) 13) dialog: A-ha ah, yes! Welcome. Tim! Tim Ellory. Mid-shake, Tim looks back at the house - a few pieces of stunning, antique furniture remain on the street while Montgomery works away in the window.
31) 14) dialog: Geez, fast moving market huh, I don't remember a sign going up.
31) 16) dialog: Well...alright Jimmie. Thank you!
31) 18) dialog: Oh, of course. Jimmie half-bows, then jogs back across the street. He gr an armful of furniture and carries it inside. Tim looks o slightly dazed, as Jimmie joins Montgomery in the window. 36.8 37 39. PARLOR - Their collection of furniture sits in the center the dark empty parlor, like pirates treasure in a hollow cave. The young men study their bounty, moving wrappers strewn about like Christmas morning.
40) 0) text: Jimmie sits despondent at a bus stop, his mind still replaying the conversation as his leg restlessly taps awa A gentleman with a grey pony tail and orange skin enters frame. With the exception of tennis shoes, a backpack, an lei around his beck, he is completely naked. He puts a to seat cover on the seat next to Jimmie and sits down. Jimmie is unfazed - he’s seen this a million times. 47 48 48.
68) 0) text: James Sr. sits, studying the staircase railing. He runs h cane across the wood. 82. Below, Mont welcomes in Tim Ellory and his wife, holding flier. The couple make their way upstairs, taking a momen drink in the home they've only ever seen from outside. James Sr. JAMES SR. Come on in, don’t be shy. His grandpa built this. Not bad for a black man huh?
68) 1) dialog: Oh no, very good, very good. chuckles proudly as the couple passes.
69) 0) text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand da teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the g between those we've met. The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtain creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomer He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversiz shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair. Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Sof sounds of the harbor play from a speaker. Montgomery suddenly springs to life. 84.
69) 24) dialog: Oh I, I never knew him. Montgomery turns to Wanda beside him. She regretfully sha her head as well. Montgomery turns to his Grandpa.