23) 0) text: PARLOR - A SMASH echoes from the other side of the house. curtain flutters from the distant impact. The room is emp Tomb-like. Its vacancy heightens its magnificence. FRONT HALLWAY - Empty. But the muffled sounds of new life rumbling footsteps and roused voices - creep closer throu the walls and ventilation. ATTIC - Still empty. But the stomping grows louder, breat more life into the creaking floorboards. LIBRARY - Laughter echoes off the walls. The house is com alive. FRONT HALLWAY - Galumphing now thunders off the walls unt SILENCE - Jimmie arrives in front of us. We slowly draw away from him. Jimmie chases after us, as pulled by the spirit of the house. He flies up the spiral staircase and sprints down the hallway. His foot catches a corner, throwing him to the ground. THUD. 27. 26.5 MASTER BEDROOM - Jimmie rolls over onto his back, bl spilling from his lip as he laughs hysterically. As Jimmie catches his breath, a faint voice approaches outside. He picks himself up and walks towards the window A group of tourists on Segways stare up at the house thro the mist. The crowd of expressionless faces look like an in matching tie-dye and helmets. They circle their guide, adjusts his helmet and begins his chalk talk. TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D) The other guides will rattle off some stupid Summer of Love Grateful Jefferson Quicksilverrrey. But you distinguished truth-seekers wanna know about in the real hep-cats who hung out here, like James Baldwin in his stylin’ ascots. Here! In the "Harlem of the West" where Dizzie and Miles would come play after their white people gigs. Where Mayor Moscone got blowjobs from black hookers. Where Jim Jones mixed his first cup of Kool Aid. A couple older tourists look to each other. Their teen be
23) 1) dialog: Course, ‘long comes Mayor Joe Alioto, spoiling all the fun, leveling the neighborhood in the name of urban renewal. Sorry about your homes, and your funky shops - you can set up a shoe shine stand in the Safeway parking lot! (he gasps for air) And yet, a few glorious homes survived Il Duce’s wrecking ball, like this masterpiece dating clear back to the 1800s.
23) 3) dialog: Before the black stuff, this was a all Japanese, ‘til FDR’s storm troopers rounded em up into camps- 28.
23) 7) dialog: (laughs) Hey there amigo! Uh huh- Let's wave to our neighbor here everybody. A few group members tepidly wave, he lowers his voice so Jimmie wont hear. Jimmie leans forward to listen. TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D) That would be about 100 years late for this style. We can see, just from his gingerbread trim, this was built sometime in the 1850s.
23) 10) dialog: Hhhhm gonna have to disagree with you there dudeman. No architect in the 1940s was building in this style.
23) 12) dialog: Hm. Thats pretty amazing! Well, on we go to our next stop: the closet Patty Hearst willfully hid herself in. Jimmie smiles proudly as they flee. He turns. Mont leans against a wall of the Master Bedroom, smiling.