28) 2) dialog: Oh Jimmie! Jimmie Jimmie Jimmie! WANDA, a middle-aged woman in a bolo tie and hoop earring yanks open the door to hug Jimmie. She rocks him back and forth, then holds him at arms length to get a good look.
28) 3) dialog: It's so good to see you, sweetie. 33 33.
29) 0) text: A handsome Asian man, RICKY, skates back and forth on in street on Jimmie’s board. Jimmie and Wanda sit in vintage lawn chairs; Wanda in a chaise lounge. Montgomery sprawls on the dead lawn beside them, pulling grass. Wanda cools herself with a battery powered fan. They’re sweaty, overdressed for the burbs.
29) 2) dialog: You should be telling him thank you, he helped me pick out that board. (looks at Ricky lusty) Besides, sometimes it’s nice just to watch. Ricky, do that trick you used to do! Ricky crouches to do an ollie and lands it. Jimmie studies Wanda’s swoon.
29) 4) dialog: (imitating Jimmie) Oh you wanna see the STUFF? You wanna see the STUFF? (turning to Montgomery) Has he been a good house guest for you? Or does he just show up asking you for your things?
29) 6) dialog: Uh huh, well if you gentlemen can spare the time - I did set the beds up in the back and Ricky’s making his adobo.
29) 8) dialog: Woah...wow! In the city? Look at you. Y'all must be doing pretty well to afford a spot there. Wanda smiles at Mont, who drinks his water like he's chew it.
29) 10) dialog: Uhuh- And your daddy didn't send you here right?
29) 12) dialog: You're sure?
29) 14) dialog: Cause I hope he's done dragging you into his schemes.
29) 16) dialog: Okay...Okay! Jayboe, I'm so proud of you man, I miss that place. Ricky eats shit. He looks over at Wanda with a boyish shr She looks at him lustily, a spark reignited.
30) 0) text: Wanda opens a garage door, revealing leaning boxes and precious keepsakes. The room is a treasure trove. Jimmie lifts a gorgeous red rug, revealing chest with old robes and thrown-like chairs. He salivates.
30) 2) dialog: Everything your dad didn’t smoke up. Jimmie nods.
30) 3) dialog: Sorry hun, that came out a little harsh.
30) 6) dialog: I always had a feeling - out of the family, you'd be the one to come looking for this stuff.
30) 8) dialog: Oh that's my own little thing. From now. You know I always wanted to be a DJ.
30) 10) dialog: Yeah, and it's a nice way to get to know people out here. I just ask ‘em questions and record it.
30) 12) dialog: I'll have Ricky play it for you on the way back. He can drive y'all.
30) 14) dialog: Psh, he doesn't mind, right Ricky? Ricky shrugs obligingly.
31) 2) dialog: Mhm, please thank Ponchy for letting us put a mic on his tummy. We hear the women laugh as the bubbles fizz and pop. Ricky smiles, as if hearing Wanda's laugh makes him miss
31) 3) dialog: And who's this we have here? A dog snores loudly.
31) 7) dialog: (in a punch-in) Far from it. Today we're joined by our wonderful neighbor Jane from Pine St. And now I encourage you to listen to the sounds of your home. The truck disappears into the distance.
61) 12) dialog: We're listening to the sounds of crickets behind Bill and Sue Selby's home. Something cozy about them - let's listen in. The crickets continue. Jimmie turns to Montgomery. Mont scrolls through his phone, looking at the RIP messag on Kofi’s wall. Mont turns to Jimmie.
68) 4) dialog: Well...the two James'. JAMES SR. (lifting himself) Ahh, Miss Wa-Wa! How you doing little sis? Wanda ascends the staircase.
68) 5) dialog: Fine - you look good James. JAMES SR. (laughs) Oh, you know me.
68) 7) dialog: You too, sweetie. She reaches them and scoops the men into a hug. In his family’s arms, Jimmie melts.
69) 0) text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand da teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the g between those we've met. The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtain creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomer He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversiz shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair. Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Sof sounds of the harbor play from a speaker. Montgomery suddenly springs to life. 84.
72) 2) dialog: This is the sound of my hands through - well I guess these are asters now? Used to be tulips. Jimmie watches his Aunt take a deep breath.
73) 0) text: Wanda and Jimmie sit in silence in the yard.
73) 2) dialog: You were telling your truth Jayboe. You were just lying to do it. Wanda flashes a sad smile and looks up at the house. WANDA (CONT’D) This was ours. And then it wasn’t. So you just tell yourself whatever you need to feel like it still is, right? We all did that. But you got a chance to get out from underneath that now.
73) 4) dialog: Yeah, I know. I seen your daddy build his whole life around that, around some story we got told when we were kids. Shit, I did too. Makes you feel good. Feel special. I don’t think your grandpa even took it that serious to be honest. Folks back then didn’t really care if it was true or not. Just made them happy to have something to aspire to. Wanda looks to Jimmie. WANDA (CONT’D) I’m hella proud of you though - you almost made it real. All this work you did. It’s incredible. But you gotta really ask yourself now if you want that? Spend your life here working on this. Fighting for this. Cause you could make this place yours, I believe you could. But if you leave, it's not your loss, it's San Francisco's. That's how I think about it anyways. Fuck San Francisco.
73) 7) dialog: Well I love you and I’m not. You my little, bold, bad-ass, beautiful nephew, man. They hug.
73) 9) dialog: Psh more like the pep talk I need to keep me going out there in Antioch. Jimmie hugs her harder. WANDA (CONT’D) You're always welcome out there you know. Jimmie nods, remembering his sobering new reality.