8) 6) text: There's an opera about him. Ronna looks up at the customer, a handsome college guy (A He's cute in that fresh-scrubbed, Midwestern way. ADAM
8) 15) text: She stops bagging. Looks at Adam. At Zack. RONNA How much? ZACK Twenty at twenty. RONNA You're overpaying. ZACK We're desperate. A bunch of us are going to this party tonight, this warehouse thing...
8) 16) text: He pulls out a postcard-sized invite. Bright colors, slic printing... RONNA Mary Xmas Supafest. ADAM You're going?
8) 26) text: Kick ass. Adam smiles. It's a nice smile. Even Ronna notices. RONNA
8) 27) text: So do you want the o.j. or not? ADAM
16) 2) text: Only now do we TURN to see Adam and Zack standing nearby, trying to look cool. Their house is spartan even by frat- standards, just goodwill furniture and as-is Ikea. BURKE (O.S.) Hey. What can I get you to drink? RONNA Some of that orange juice would be great.
16) 3) text: Burke does a hepcat swing through the kitchen door, leavi Ronna alone with Adam and Zack. ZACK So this party tonight sounds like it's gonna be huge.
16) 10) text: Ronna hun, we are fresh out of o.j... Adam looks at Zack. Ronna catches it. BURKE (back thru door)
16) 11) text: Cerveza? He hands her a beer. ADAM (to Burke)
16) 15) text: You got a bathroom? ADAM
16) 18) text: Maybe we could do this first. Burke shoots Adam a look. Ronna's already headed down the hall. They wait silently until Ronna's out of earshot. ADAM
16) 29) text: Just wait here. Keep it calm. Burke walks off camera, headed for the hall. Zack hangs h head. Adam looks up at the camera.
25) 0) text: Ronna is headed for the front door. Following behind her, Burke waves at Adam -- BLOCK THAT DOOR! Adam steps in her way. BURKE Ronna, hun, do we got a deal here or not? RONNA (turns, backing away) No. No, see we don't. That's what I came here to tell you. I couldn't get anything.
25) 1) text: She bumps back into Adam at the door.      Burke is closi
122) 8) text: Don't forget, detective. I was cleared of all charges. ADAM
122) 9) text: I don't care how many high-priced lawyers you bring in. Eden Valley will never stand for your kind of scum. As the MUSIC rises, we PUSH IN on Zack. PUSH IN on Adam. TV image FADES OUT.
123) 0) text: Adam stands mostly naked, his shirt off his shoulders and around his ankles. Loop -- the white dreadlocked guy -- retapes a transmitte his thigh. A wire runs up to a microphone on his chest. Zack and Burke are by the door, watching. The bathroom is really cramped. BURKE
123) 1) text: You work out, don't you? ADAM
123) 7) text: Whoever was trying to come in gives up. Burke pulls a col sweatshirt out of a shopping bag, hands it to Zack. Motio that he's supposed to wear it. As he's putting it on... ZACK Just so we're clear. Whether you get something on this guy or not, Adam and I are done today. Finished. Charges dropped. That's how it works, right?
123) 9) text: Adam and Zack share a look. A beat. BURKE Relax. I sign your form and the whole thing goes away. Your lawyer got you a good deal.
123) 10) text: Loop sits back, his job finished. ADAM Is it safe to have a radio against my balls like this?
124) 13) text: Some of the pussy power. Zack offers Loop a napkin. He passes. ADAM
124) 15) text: No ring. ADAM
125) 0) text: Loop stands nearby while Adam talks to no one in particul ADAM
126) 0) text: Burke and Zack listen to a radio recorder. ADAM [CONT'D, FILTERED]
126) 2) text: That's good. I'm getting him. Through the windows, we can see Loop and Adam approaching hear low CHATTER as they talk. BURKE
127) 0) text: Burke drives, with Loop in the passenger seat and Adam an in back. BURKE (to Loop)
127) 2) text: Man, I'm sorry. How did you find out? ON ADAM, corner of his eye. ZACK
127) 4) text: C'mon, tell us. ADAM
127) 5) text: Absolutely. Tell us. There's a palpable tension between Adam and Zack. The oth don't see it. ZACK
127) 9) text: You hear that? We got John Sherlock Holmes in the car here. We pull into the parking lot of THE GROCERY STORE. Adam turns on Zack.
128) 0) text: At the refrigerator section, both Adam and Zack reach for orange juice. Both back off. Adam motions, after you. ADAM So, Zack. Do you know who your girlfriend's fucking?
128) 1) text: He over-articulates, as if speaking for a Learn English N tape. Zack does likewise. Their animosity is palpable. ZACK No, Adam. I do not. I have suspicions. Mostly former boyfriends who keep calling. ADAM What a coincidence. I have the exact same problem with my girlfriend. In fact, I think she's been sleeping around on me, too. ZACK Isn't it ironic.
128) 2) dialog: Don't you think? (beat) Maybe I should start checking for socks, too.
128) 3) text: Zack's glare could strip paint. As Adam and Zack head for the front, we REVERSE to find M and Claire, who have been watching the spat while restock CLAIRE Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.
129) 0) text: Zack pushes the cart past the checkstands, looking at eac CASHIER -- they're all female. Adam is starting to panic. near whispers... ADAM
129) 2) text: We're going to ask. You're going to ask. ADAM
129) 4) text: You look more wholesome. Just improv. He steers the cart into Ronna's checkstand, where she's waiting on a Clutchy Old Woman who eyes everything suspiciously. Zack pulls out his cell phone, fake dials. ADAM
130) 0) text: Adam and Zack approach on either side of the car, get in back. Burke and Loop are waiting. ADAM
130) 4) text: Ronna. You think she can score? ADAM
133) 0) text: Burke is watching through binoculars. Adam, Zack and Loop in the car with him. BURKE Now they're both going. What's up with that?
134) 0) text: Adam and Zack stand around as Burke gets the house ready, moving furniture and poofing pillows, as if it's remotely believable. ZACK So if she gets the stuff, what, you arrest her? BURKE We try to bring her over. (beat) See, we arrest her and then what? One crack whore off the street. So we cut her a deal. She helps us get this guy. We cut him a deal. He helps us get the guy above him. It's just like what happened with you. ZACK So, sooner or later, everybody's working for The Man. BURKE Exactly.
135) 1) text: Cerveza? He hands Ronna the beer. ADAM (to Burke)
135) 4) text: You got a bathroom? ADAM
136) 0) text: Burke SLAMS Zack up against the wall, twisting an arm beh him. He kicks his feet apart, then starts to cuff him. Za is in considerable pain. BURKE (to Adam) Now watch what I do with his wrist. I twist it away while I put on the second cuff. That way he can't go after me. He doesn't have any leverage.
136) 16) text: Actually, you know, I had plans. ADAM
136) 18) text: I do. ADAM
136) 20) text: Yes, Adam, in fact. With my girlfriend. ADAM
136) 22) text: Wow, I can't believe I forgot this. I saw your girlfriend this morning, and she asked me to tell you that she couldn't make your plans tonight. Zack stares at Adam, a "why are you doing this" look.
137) 0) text: Zack hits the alarm for his red Miata, which BWOOPS. He a Adam walk to the door, hostility simmering. A prefab Nativity scene glows beside the front door. Adam pushes the doorbell, which CHIMES "Hark Ye Herald Angels Sing." Horrified, Zack turns to leave. Adam stops him.
138) 0) text: Too tall for the room, a Christmas tree leans back in a c The rest of the living room is dominated by a giant leath sofa pit. Bored, Adam lifts a plate to check the imprint. He sets i down, straightening it. Now it's out of alignment with th other plates. He looks around casually. No one's watching Circling the table, he fixes all the plates and moves silverware to its proper position.
139) 0) text: Burke's wife IRENE is mashing potatoes with considerable Adam leans in, sees her dedication and tries to duck out. she saw him. IRENE
139) 1) text: Yes? Hi? ADAM
139) 3) text: Here. She points. He sheepishly crosses to get it. While he's dialing, Irene starts in with the electric mixer. Butter. Milk. Salt. Adam doesn't know where to look while he's listening to his messages. He suddenly smiles. Irene notices and stops mixing. ADAM (re: phone)
141) 1) text: Of course you like your job. You get to kiss all those pretty girls. ADAM (mock bashful)
141) 3) text: Tell me something. When you kiss those girls, you're not really kissing them, are you? ADAM
141) 5) text: There's no feeling. Nobody gets jealous. ADAM
141) 6) text: It's acting. It's not real. She takes his cleaned beater from him, dumps it in the si Turning back, she kisses him. Caught off guard, he backs the refrigerator. It's a good three-second lip lock. She backs off. There's an awkward beat. ADAM
141) 8) text: Honey, red or white? Now dressed, Burke comes in with two bottles of wine. Zac behind him at a distance, still creeped out from the bedr encounter. He and Adam trade panicked stares. IRENE
141) 13) dialog: White.
142) 2) dialog: No. ZACK This has been great, just wonderful, but we're going to need to leave. Soon. Adam's not feeling well. ADAM I'm not. It's true.
142) 4) text: Zack looks to Adam. IRENE He makes it sound sinister. It's not. BURKE She's right. Okay, you've looked around our place. Where do you think we got most of this stuff?
142) 5) text: Adam and Zack shake their heads. IRENE Just guess.
142) 6) dialog: Sears?
143) 0) text: Walking to the Miata, Adam takes the keys. Zack folds a f ZACK
143) 1) text: I need to do something terrifically unwholesome. I need to bathe in sin. ADAM
144) 0) text: Adam checks a low shelf for the right brand of scotch. Za kneels beside him. ZACK
144) 1) text: I have cheated on you with exactly one guy. ADAM
144) 3) text: Who? ADAM
144) 6) text: I'll tell you mine. ADAM
144) 13) dialog: 
144) 15) text: They both stand for a moment, bewildered. It's their turn the register. Adam sets the bottle down. A doorbell RINGS.
145) 0) text: An apartment door opens to reveal a chubby girl in sweats (SANDRA) with a cordless phone and giant bowl of popcorn. drops the former into the latter. ADAM Is Jimmy here? SANDRA Oh my God. Oh. My God.
145) 7) text: Adam and Zack head back down the hall. She calls out afte them. SANDRA You're not going to kill him, are you? The little shit owes me rent.
146) 0) text: At the doors, BOUNCERS stamp hands. We move down the line people waiting to get in, stopping on Adam and Zack. ZACK Okay, I just have to say this. The thing is, about Jimmy, he wasn't even that good.
146) 4) text: Adam imitates the MOAN. ZACK Somewhere off Greenland, hunchback whales were beaching themselves. ADAM And the ear thing. Hello, I have Q-Tips. That's really not necessary. ZACK The only thing I will give him credit for is the oral. ADAM What do you mean? He was terrible. At some point I just had to stop him and correct years of bad technique. I had to take him by the ears and retrain him from the throat up.
146) 5) text: A beat. ZACK When was that? ADAM October, maybe? ZACK Early October. And he suddenly got so much better.
146) 6) text: A beat. ADAM That is so disturbing. It's like you were there.
149) 1) text: Adam ignores him, convinced he can get out this way. A be later, it dead-ends in a chain link fence. Zack points to his lips. He didn't say a word. Adam slams it in reverse, backtracking. He's doing about when suddenly we hear a loud THUMP! By instinct, he SLAMS on the brakes. Something CRASHES down on the soft roof. ZACK What the fuck!
149) 7) text: Her body continues its slide across the windshield, final resting on the hood. In a sort of spasm, Adam REVS back, shaking the body off. It drops beyond the headlights. Zack looks past Adam to see Gaines standing there, gun dr ZACK Go. Go. Go! ADAM What if she's...
149) 9) text: Adam pops the clutch and they lurch backward, out of ther
152) 0) text: Adam steadies his hands on the wheel. Zack passes him the scotch. He takes a gulp, passes it back. The energy is st revved up to 11 -- we don't let ourselves catch a breath.
152) 4) text: Adam takes another drink. ZACK On the plus side, the only witnesses are you, me and him. And none of us are going to want to be talking about it. So if you really think about it, it didn't turn out as badly as it could have. ADAM A girl is dead. ZACK (snaps) I didn't say it went perfectly.
152) 5) text: Adam gets out of the car, walks away. Zack takes another
153) 0) text: Adam stops at a payphone. A long moment before he reaches the receiver. With a breath, he dials 911. OPERATOR (V.O.) 911 Emergen...
155) 0) text: Washing his face, Adam looks at his reflection in the scr mirror. He steps to the urinal, unbuttons. Before he can start to piss, he notices something strange looks down at his crotch.
156) 0) text: Zack throws away the last of the towels as Adam approache With a finger to his lips, Adam holds out a mess of tape wires, all connected to a battery pack. It's the micropho was wearing. ZACK
156) 1) text: Holy sh... He stops himself. Adam throws the bundle as far as he can They keep their voices low anyway. ZACK
156) 2) text: They wouldn't have been listening all this time. ADAM
156) 4) text: What if we were just running lines? For a scene? Adam won't even dignify that with an answer. A long momen just the BUZZ of the lights overhead. With an almost eeri calm... ZACK
156) 5) text: There's a pretty good chance no one's found her yet. ADAM
157) 0) text: The Supafest is still RAGING in the distance. Adam digs through the trunk of the convertible, frantically rearran the junk inside. He keeps looking around the lid, waiting someone to sneak up on them. Zack watches Adam's fruitless arranging efforts. ZACK Stop. Okay, stop! ADAM What? ZACK It's a Miata.
157) 1) text: All Adam's effort, he's made enough room for a pizza. May ZACK We'll put her in the passenger seat. ADAM Where will I...Or you... ZACK In the passenger seat. Holding her up.
157) 2) text: Adam shudders at the thought. With a flashlight, Zack jumps down into the ditch. He nud Ronna's body with his foot. She's dead alright. He rolls the body over, grabbing under her arms. He tries hoist her up, but she's too heavy and the ditch is too de ZACK Little help? ADAM (not moving) I can't. ZACK What do you mean?
157) 6) text: Frustrated, Zack tries again to lug the body out. He can' it by himself. Meanwhile, Adam is starting to hyperventil tears swelling. ZACK Okay, listen to me... ADAM She's dead. ZACK She's not dead. ADAM She's dead. I hit her and I killed her.
157) 8) text: Adam laughs to himself, still crying. ZACK See, there's the lights, and there's the camera. Watch your blocking. (pointing) There's Michelle in wardrobe, say "Hi, Michelle!" ADAM Hi, Michelle. ZACK The craft service truck is right around the corner, and they have lots of little veggie burgers on the grill. And you can have one if you just help me finish this scene. (sniffing) Can you smell them? Can you smell them on the grill?
157) 9) text: A beat. ADAM I'm not delusional.
157) 13) text: Then take her fucking arms! Obeying, Adam grabs Ronna's wrists as Zack pushes from be Together they get the body out of the ditch. Zack climbs help maneuver her into the car. Just then... Ronna MOANS. Adam freaks out, dropping his side. Ronna's head hits the dirt. Louder MOANING. ADAM
157) 15) text: No shit! They stand back, watching Ronna MOAN as she lies half-in, out of the car. ADAM
157) 17) text: She's almost dead. We leave her and she dies, why did we bother coming back? I mean, you still killed her. ADAM
157) 19) text: Christ, I didn't mean it that way. C'mon. I would never testify against you. Adam is not reassured. ZACK
157) 20) text: We have to stick with Plan A. ADAM
157) 21) text: In Plan A she was dead. Zack reaches into the car, pulling out The Club. Trades a with Adam, who finally acquieces. Almost says something, doesn't. They both look around, making sure no one's comi Zack grips the bar like a baseball bat. Adam turns his ba covering his ears. Zack raises the bar. Adam scrunches his face tight.
158) 4) dialog: look around from the edge of a van in the distance. ZACK
158) 5) text: Look, she's fine. They're getting an ambulance. She's fine. Adam keeps watching, not convinced. He turns back, a thought... ADAM
158) 10) text: Thunder RUMBLES overhead. Off Adam's look... ZACK Okay, approximately the right thing. In a half-assed, thrown-together fashion.
158) 11) text: Adam smiles despite himself. Zack points, "See? See?" Tha just makes Adam smile more. ZACK Home? ADAM Home.
177) 0) text: Adam and Zack scrub the Miata's upholstery with brushes a various cleaners, trying to get the bloodstains out. Zack stops for a moment, watching Adam. Adam looks up, what? Nothing. A quiet beat, the first moment of genuine affect between them. Suddenly we hear a BEEPING. We can't tell where it's comi from. Following the sound, Adam finds a mud-encrusted beeper we between the seat and the center console. He looks up to Z then checks the number.
177) 6) text: I'm not the man you're looking for. ADAM
177) 8) text: Don't forget, detective. I was cleared of all charges. ADAM