16) 0) text: A beefy guy named BURKE HALVERSON reaches out a hand. BURKE Damn good to meet you, Rhonda. RONNA Ronna. BURKE Ronna. When I heard Philly got snowed in, I thought we were fucked for sure. Glad we found you.
16) 1) text: Her PAGER goes off, a shrill CRY. She quiets it, checks t number. Burke smiles. BURKE Work work work. Friday must be a busy night. RONNA That was just a friend.
16) 2) text: Only now do we TURN to see Adam and Zack standing nearby, trying to look cool. Their house is spartan even by frat- standards, just goodwill furniture and as-is Ikea. BURKE (O.S.) Hey. What can I get you to drink? RONNA Some of that orange juice would be great.
16) 3) text: Burke does a hepcat swing through the kitchen door, leavi Ronna alone with Adam and Zack. ZACK So this party tonight sounds like it's gonna be huge.
16) 10) text: Ronna hun, we are fresh out of o.j... Adam looks at Zack. Ronna catches it. BURKE (back thru door)
16) 11) text: Cerveza? He hands her a beer. ADAM (to Burke)
16) 17) text: Let me show you... He moves at Ronna strangely. It freaks her out. BURKE
16) 18) text: Maybe we could do this first. Burke shoots Adam a look. Ronna's already headed down the hall. They wait silently until Ronna's out of earshot. ADAM
16) 29) text: Just wait here. Keep it calm. Burke walks off camera, headed for the hall. Zack hangs h head. Adam looks up at the camera.
18) 0) text: Burke leans up against the outside of the door, listening
20) 0) text: BURKE
22) 0) text: Burke hears it. Freaks out. He rifles through the keys on belt.
24) 0) text: CU: The hole in the center of the door knob. A thin allen wrench slips in. Burke forces the door open to reveal
25) 0) text: Ronna is headed for the front door. Following behind her, Burke waves at Adam -- BLOCK THAT DOOR! Adam steps in her way. BURKE Ronna, hun, do we got a deal here or not? RONNA (turns, backing away) No. No, see we don't. That's what I came here to tell you. I couldn't get anything.
25) 1) text: She bumps back into Adam at the door.      Burke is closi
25) 6) text: Zack chokes a laugh. Burke stares right through her. Ronn swigs her beer like a trucker. RONNA Did you know I'm only 17?
123) 0) text: Adam stands mostly naked, his shirt off his shoulders and around his ankles. Loop -- the white dreadlocked guy -- retapes a transmitte his thigh. A wire runs up to a microphone on his chest. Zack and Burke are by the door, watching. The bathroom is really cramped. BURKE
123) 2) text: You have to. It's in the contract. BURKE
123) 3) text: No, you have a great body. The door starts to open, someone trying to come in. Burke holds it shut.
123) 7) text: Whoever was trying to come in gives up. Burke pulls a col sweatshirt out of a shopping bag, hands it to Zack. Motio that he's supposed to wear it. As he's putting it on... ZACK Just so we're clear. Whether you get something on this guy or not, Adam and I are done today. Finished. Charges dropped. That's how it works, right?
123) 8) text: Burke smiles, an amused roll of the eyes. ZACK What? BURKE Seems to me, if a guy's so concerned about the legal process, how come he finds himself getting busted for possession?
123) 9) text: Adam and Zack share a look. A beat. BURKE Relax. I sign your form and the whole thing goes away. Your lawyer got you a good deal.
124) 4) text: Loop bows to Burke's superiority. BURKE [CONT'D] My wife's a deputy sherriff, you believe that? A cop and a sherriff, married. It's like the freakin' odd couple.
124) 8) text: I smell a pilot. Burke is oblivious to sarcasm. Loop's pita is self- destructing. He eats faster, trying to finish before it f apart. BURKE
124) 11) text: Pussy magnets. BURKE
124) 16) text: Nothing legal. Draining the rest of his Coke, Burke gets up to dump his BURKE (to Zack)
124) 18) text: Same. BURKE
126) 0) text: Burke and Zack listen to a radio recorder. ADAM [CONT'D, FILTERED]
126) 1) text: ...I wish I may, I wish I might... Burke turns the volume down, picks up his walkie-talkie. BURKE (on walkie-talkie)
126) 2) text: That's good. I'm getting him. Through the windows, we can see Loop and Adam approaching hear low CHATTER as they talk. BURKE
126) 4) text: About five-eight, brown hair, blue eyes. BURKE
126) 6) text: Yeah. BURKE
126) 8) text: No. I don't think so. BURKE
127) 0) text: Burke drives, with Loop in the passenger seat and Adam an in back. BURKE (to Loop)
127) 6) text: I found socks. BURKE
127) 8) text: White socks. You know how the good kind of socks have band around the ankle that keeps them from stretching out? When I moved in, every one of the socks had that. Suddenly, there was one sock that didn't. BURKE
130) 0) text: Adam and Zack approach on either side of the car, get in back. Burke and Loop are waiting. ADAM
130) 2) text: No, we heard. You guys did great. BURKE
133) 0) text: Burke is watching through binoculars. Adam, Zack and Loop in the car with him. BURKE Now they're both going. What's up with that?
134) 0) text: Adam and Zack stand around as Burke gets the house ready, moving furniture and poofing pillows, as if it's remotely believable. ZACK So if she gets the stuff, what, you arrest her? BURKE We try to bring her over. (beat) See, we arrest her and then what? One crack whore off the street. So we cut her a deal. She helps us get this guy. We cut him a deal. He helps us get the guy above him. It's just like what happened with you. ZACK So, sooner or later, everybody's working for The Man. BURKE Exactly.
134) 4) text: Burke cracks his neck, showtime.
134) 8) text: What if she isn't really a dealer though? If you just pulled her into this one thing, wouldn't that be entrapment? BURKE
135) 0) text: Zack looks over as Burke comes out of the kitchen. BURKE
135) 1) text: Cerveza? He hands Ronna the beer. ADAM (to Burke)
135) 2) text: Oh yeah. Hey. We bought a whole bunch of orange juice. It's in the car. Ronna has halfway figured out what's going on. BURKE
136) 0) text: Burke SLAMS Zack up against the wall, twisting an arm beh him. He kicks his feet apart, then starts to cuff him. Za is in considerable pain. BURKE (to Adam) Now watch what I do with his wrist. I twist it away while I put on the second cuff. That way he can't go after me. He doesn't have any leverage.
136) 1) text: He releases his hold on Zack, his hands cuffed behind him BURKE I watch all these cop shows and they never do it right. Pisses me off.
136) 2) text: Loop emerges from the back room, carrying a big box of videotapes on his way out. BURKE Hey, feel the abs on this one.
136) 3) text: He rubs Zack's stomach. BURKE You could scrub laundry on these. LOOP (re: box) Full hands.
136) 4) text: Loop pauses at the door, looking around. He's forgotten something. BURKE What?
136) 13) text: Great. Well, hey. A pleasure. He turns to the side, offering Burke his handcuffs to und Burke makes no motion to do so. BURKE
139) 0) text: Burke's wife IRENE is mashing potatoes with considerable Adam leans in, sees her dedication and tries to duck out. she saw him. IRENE
140) 0) text: We hear a toilet FLUSH. Zack emerges from the bathroom to Burke stark naked, rubbing his hands over his body. ZACK
140) 1) text: Sorry. BURKE
140) 2) text: No, stay for a sec. Burke sprays more cologne on his hand. BURKE
140) 3) text: Smell this. What does it smell like? Zack shakes his head, doesn't know. BURKE
140) 10) dialog: Here.
140) 11) text: He sprays some on Zack's hands, who didn't want it. While Burke turns to get some underwear, Zack tries to rub it o the bedspread. BURKE (re: bedspread) It's down. So is the liner. ZACK It is soft.
140) 12) dialog: Get on. ZACK That's okay.
140) 13) text: Burke pushes Zack back flat the bed. BURKE Did you hear that?
140) 15) text: Burke climbs onto the bed beside him. BURKE I could be doing aerobics over here and you wouldn't feel it. ZACK I sure wouldn't.
141) 7) text: See, now, that. There was a tongue there. BURKE (O.S.)
141) 8) text: Honey, red or white? Now dressed, Burke comes in with two bottles of wine. Zac behind him at a distance, still creeped out from the bedr encounter. He and Adam trade panicked stares. IRENE
142) 0) text: Irene slides a plate under the candlestick, where wax is dripping onto the tablecloth. Burke tips the bottle at Ad
142) 1) dialog: More wine? ZACK No. He doesn't want any more. Unless he does, do you?
142) 3) text: Burke and Irene share a look. BURKE If you gotta go, then I understand. (awkward beat) But Irene and I sort of had an ulterior motive inviting you here.
142) 4) text: Zack looks to Adam. IRENE He makes it sound sinister. It's not. BURKE She's right. Okay, you've looked around our place. Where do you think we got most of this stuff?
142) 10) text: Irene and Burke both smile. BURKE It's actually from Confederated Products. Almost everything in this house is from Confederated Products, from the toilet paper to the mattress to those candles.
142) 12) text: She crosses her fingers. So does Burke. We look to Zack, horrified. BURKE Now, as law enforcement officers, Irene and I can't recruit distributors from inside the force. It's against the rules and we'd get fired. So what we do is look for people in other industries... IRENE ...like the entertainment industry. ZACK Wait. (realizing) You want us to sell Amway. BURKE Confederated Products. It's a different company, different quality of product.