1) 0) text: We keep tight on CLAIRE MONTGOMERY (19) as she talks to a unseen guest. Christmas lights blink behind her. CLAIRE (CONT'd)
1) 1) text: But then you open it up, and it's something completely different. Bing! Wow! Bang! Surprise! I mean, it's like you and me here. She takes a sip of coffee, smiles. She has a bewitching s CLAIRE
4) 0) text: Dark and dusty, packed floor to ceiling with crates and palettes. Offscreen, a SOAP OPERA plays on TV. Ronna comes around the corner, a thundercloud of anger an frustration. She passes by CLAIRE (19) and the British SI (21) at the phone, sorting through a crumpled list. Simon's eyes track Ronna as she passes. CLAIRE (low)
4) 2) text: Why not? CLAIRE
4) 3) text: She's been on for fourteen hours. At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials. Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. Claire gives up on him, setting to work opening a box of expired cookies. SIMON
4) 12) text: Claire looks over, looks away. Ronna heads for the door leading outside. SIMON Ronna, they wouldn't evict you at Christmas. You'd be ho-ho-homeless.
7) 0) text: MANNIE (17) pulls his arm back through with the orange ju He's on break with Ronna and Claire. VOICE ON INTERCOM Repeat, cashier to the front.
7) 1) text: All eyes look up to the voice of God. CLAIRE One of us has to go. MANNIE Dead celebrities? RONNA Loser goes up. Steve McQueen.
7) 2) text: She rips open a case of Snapple, taking one. CLAIRE
7) 8) text: Can you drive? CLAIRE
7) 11) text: I love The Beast. CLAIRE
7) 15) text: It's true. CLAIRE (substituting)
7) 16) text: Lewis Carroll. Alice in Wonderland. Claire takes the invite from Mannie. MANNIE
7) 18) text: Lee Marvin. CLAIRE
7) 20) text: Don't say Molly Ringwald. CLAIRE
7) 30) text: That's not my problem. MANNIE (to Claire)
7) 31) text: You can challenge. CLAIRE
7) 35) text: Break was over four minutes ago. Who's up front? Claire looks at Mannie. Mannie looks at Ronna. Resigned t martyrdom... RONNA
9) 0) text: The Beast is Mannie's pride and joy,    a late-70's Toyot together with duct tape and prayer.     It's outfitted fo season with Christmas lights lining    the windshield and window. Santa has replaced Jesus on     the dashboard. Ronna climbs in the passenger door, counting a stack of 2 fresh from the ATM. Claire's in back. CLAIRE
9) 3) text: Todd GAINES? CLAIRE
9) 5) text: Simon's dealer. Claire sits forward in the seat, suddenly worried. CLAIRE
9) 15) text: Both of you chill the fuck out. It's just once. When Simon gets back, we can still overpay for quarters if it makes you feel all warm and happy. But this is my deal, so just sit back and watch. Mannie and Claire remain unconvinced. Ronna reaches for t keys, CRANKING the ignition even though Mannie's driving. ENGINE purrs. RONNA (CONT'd)
13) 0) text: Ronna kneels down beside the passenger window. Knocks on glass. Claire rolls down the window. MUSIC spills out. RONNA
13) 1) text: Claire, could you come up with me for a sec?
14) 0) text: The release BUZZER stops as Ronna pulls open the door to stairs. Claire just stands there, disbelieving, making no motion to go in. RONNA
14) 1) text: Forty-five minutes. Hour, tops. You just have to sit there. CLAIRE
14) 3) text: Jesus, Claire. Don't get 818 on me here. How much shit have I done for you? This is nothing. CLAIRE
14) 5) text: Claire. That bracelet of mine you're wearing is an accessory. You are just some chick who's sitting in an apartment. That's it. It's not just the matter at hand, but years of minor adju and one-upsmanship. Ronna finally drops the bravado. RONNA
14) 6) text: Okay, no bullshit. I need this. I don't get this money, I get evicted. My ass is out the street. CLAIRE
14) 11) text: A beat. CLAIRE Forty-five minutes. That's like eight o'clock. RONNA We'll be back by eight, I promise.
14) 12) text: Ronna holds the door as Claire reluctantly steps inside.
26) 6) text: Ronna's PAGER goes off with a shrill BEEPING. She checks number. RONNA It's Claire. She paged me while I was in there. MANNIE We go back to Todd. Tell him they didn't show up, whatever. And then just swap the pills for Claire. RONNA We can't. MANNIE Why not? RONNA They're gone. I flushed them. MANNIE Oh shit. RONNA Think of something. I need a hundred bucks or 20 hits of X.
34) 6) text: Making a decision, Ronna starts popping the rest of the p out of the blister pack, dumping them into the Tylenol bo Her BEEPER goes off again. RONNA Stop fucking paging me, Claire!
35) 0) text: Gaines picks up the receiver, clicking the remote to mute CD player. He's still shirtless and wearing the Santa Cla hat. GAINES (on phone) Speak!...Just licking my dick, whazzup with you?...Yeah...The Crazy Horse, you'll have to look it up...I don't know what I'm up to. (to Claire) Where's this party at?
35) 1) text: Claire is sitting in the corner, holding herself very sti She digs a postcard-ish invite out of her purse. He snaps fingers. She hands it over. GAINES (on phone) It's called "Mary Xmas." Mary like a chick...Like her name is Mary, not like you marry her. You fucking moron...I dunno, some warehouse shit. (to Claire) Is this gonna be cool? CLAIRE Yeah, I guess.
35) 5) text: He hangs up. The CD player is still muted. The silence is vast. Gaines scratches an armpit. Checks his watch. Clair looks away. GAINES What do you want for Christmas, Claire? CLAIRE I don't know. GAINES Do you want to get laid? CLAIRE No. GAINES No, you don't wanna get laid or no, you do, but you don't want to get laid with me? CLAIRE You can't answer that. I mean, it's like... GAINES Either way you're fucked. Where are they, Claire? CLAIRE They'll be here. GAINES They'll be here. Huh.
35) 9) text: Are you a virgin? CLAIRE
35) 11) text: C'mon, Claire. Answer the question. Answer the question, Claire. She doesn't say anything. Gaines laughs his ass off. CLAIRE
35) 13) text: Look at me. I want to show you something. She looks back over at him. He slowly undoes the drawstri his sweat pants. Starts to reach inside. Claire watches, revolted and disbelieving. A beat. GAINES
35) 15) text: I'm not kidding. Where the fuck are they, Claire? The gun pointed at her, Claire is losing her shit. Her fa squeezes tight, like her head's being sucked through a ti hole. Just when she's about to pop... The BUZZER sounds. Saved by the bell. Gaines pushes the TALK button on the intercom. GAINES
35) 17) text: It's Ronna! Smiling, Gaines hits the DOOR button. Claire collects her wits.
37) 1) text: That's no problem. These things happen, I understand that. Claire smiles, relieved. Mannie stands behind Ronna, his carefully fixed on the wall. GAINES (CONT'd)
39) 0) text: Ronna and Claire stare at each other, a competition, neit wanting to exhale first.
39) 7) text: Pin me. She leans down to let Claire pin the holly in a crown aro and through her hair. CLAIRE
39) 8) text: Okay, at the risk of sounding like. You know. Me. What are you going to do about getting evicted? You're still short, aren't you? Mannie's hand flops down to the window. Claire hands him joint. From RONNA'S P.O.V., we see the floor is still littered w dozens of boxes of medicine. A beat. She picks up a box. An idea forming, Ronna sits back up. Smiles. CLAIRE
40) 0) text: Ronna and Claire weave through the densely packed lot, wh RAVE-GOERS party in and around their cars, drinking and smoking. As they walk, Ronna pops allergy medicine out of a bliste pack. She tosses the box away. Scanning the lot, she poin to a mini-van.
42) 0) text: Ronna and Claire are packed in tight with three VALLEY HIGHSCHOOL COUPLES. The guys are stoned, the girls uptigh They're all breaking curfew. FILA GUY
42) 2) text: It's really smooth, isn't it? Donna's brother is a pharmacist. He got it for us. A look from Claire -- why are dragging me into this? But goes for it. CLAIRE
43) 0) text: Mannie leans against a wall, pale and out of it, a nausea smile on his face. CLAIRE (low)
43) 4) text: Show me your tits. A beat. He pulls up his shirt to show his skinny white ch Deeming him worthy, Ronna hands him a pill and sends him way. She adds the twenty to her stack. CLAIRE
49) 2) text: She puts a hand on his sweating forehead.         His che RONNA Jesus. You're burning up. MANNIE I can't feel my hands. RONNA Listen to me. We're going to find Claire and get out of here.
53) 1) text: No, no. Donde Miguel? Claire leans against the wall beside him, skeptical but amused. She turns a box of cookies over in her hands, rea the ingredients. SIMON (ON PHONE)
53) 2) text: Jalisco? (to Claire)
53) 3) text: Where is Jalisco? CLAIRE
53) 4) text: Mexico. Fuck. Simon hangs up the phone without saying goodbye. He continues down the list. CLAIRE
60) 5) text: No, I know Claire...Are you going to fuck her? Simon points at the KNOCKING door. Marcus finally opens i reveal a 12 year-old BOY in the adjoining hotel room. BOY
122) 0) text: Off-screen, a SOAP OPERA plays. Claire leans beside Simon. His eyes track Ronna as she pa
122) 4) text: At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials. Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. We stay back with Claire sets to work opening a box of expired cookies. She half-listens as Ronna and Simon have their discussion the lockers, then at the time clock. Simon follows Ronna out into the alley. Claire takes a seat atop a crappy console TV, eating an o cookie. The VOICES on the soap opera seem familiar. MALE VOICE #1 I'm not the man you're looking for. MALE VOICE #2 We both know you were on the pier. You saw what happened to Carmen.
128) 3) text: Zack's glare could strip paint. As Adam and Zack head for the front, we REVERSE to find M and Claire, who have been watching the spat while restock CLAIRE Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.
132) 0) text: Claire is arguing with Ronna. She finally relents and goe upstairs with her.
147) 0) text: Claire cuts through the crowd with two empty cups, in sea beverage.
159) 5) text: He doesn't care. Claire takes a seat at the table in fron her, but it's not to her liking. Then a booth. She plays the salt shakers. Bad. It's only now that she sees Gaines watching her. At first doesn't recognize him. Then a light goes on. She climbs o the booth and into his, facing him. CLAIRE Hey. GAINES Hey. CLAIRE We're twins.
159) 6) text: She turns over his hand, compares it to hers. They both h the same ink stamp on the back. He's busted, no way to ta himself out. The Waiter comes with coffee, refills Gaines' cup. Claire overturns the cup in front of her. The Waiter fill She overturns a second cup, points to it. A big weird smi Reluctantly, the Waiter fills that too. Then leaves. CLAIRE I'll pay you back for breakfast. (leaning closer) Don't worry. I'm not really that hungry.
159) 11) text: Have you seen Ronna? Or Mannie? He shakes his head. CLAIRE
159) 16) text: It happens more than you'd think. I've been paging her, but she hasn't called back. The lights FLICKER again, storm still raging. Halfway into getting her coat off, Claire has second thou but continues nonetheless. Gaines is taken off-balance, h private space violated. Claire finally looks up at Gaines, smiles. A beat. CLAIRE
160) 0) text: Gaines scrapes the last of his eggs off the plate. Claire with two pieces of toast, untouched. She takes the scrap the newspaper he tore off, looks at it. CLAIRE
160) 2) text: It's evil. CLAIRE
160) 4) text: Okay. Location mostly. Bottom right corner, just waiting there to suck. It's the last thing you read, and it spoils everything you read before it. CLAIRE
160) 6) text: I hate it, yet I'm uncontrollably drawn to it. Are you going to... He points to her toast. She slides it over. He slathers o thick coat of jelly. CLAIRE
160) 11) text: Gaines leaves money for the check. A beat. Claire looks around at the various decorations: a tree by the door, snowflakes on the window, lights blinki the wall.
160) 15) text: You know what I like best about Christmas? The surprises. It's like, you get this box, and you're sure you know what's in it. You shake it, you weigh it, and you're totally convinced you have it pegged. No doubt in your mind. But then you open it up, and it's something completely different. Bing! Wow! Bang! Surprise! I mean, it's like you and me here. She smiles. She has a bewitching smile. CLAIRE
161) 0) text: Claire kisses Gaines, pinning him against the wall. Rain against the door. She fumbles with his belt. His hand slides under her jack trying to undo her bra. They take a break from undressing kiss harder. Reclining on the steps, Claire tries to push his jeans do with her toes. Her foot gets caught in the chain from his wallet. Her butt slides down a step. They laugh. Her hand hits something hard -- his gun. It's tucked into jacket pocket. As they start to work up a rhythm, Huxley the cat comes d the steps, curious. He brushes against them, unnoticed. Finally, he MEWS. GAINES (stopping)
162) 1) text: As he's talking, we MOVE to reveal Vic Jr. by the door, h the gun on them, and Claire, sitting on the couch beside Gaines. GAINES [CONT'D] At Hillhurst, you have to keep right -- you want Sunset Boulevard, not Sunset Drive. CLAIRE (to Gaines) Why don't you just drive him there? Maybe you could help pull the trigger.
162) 9) text: Vic Jr. COCKS the gun. Simon SQUEALS. At the last moment. CLAIRE Wait! Stop! STOP! You can't do this! You won't get away with it!
162) 10) text: For a brief moment, she has their attention. She points t herself. CLAIRE [CONT'D] Hello, witness. (re: Todd) Witness. What are you going to do, kill us too?
162) 11) text: Gaines looks over, thanks for bringing that up. But Clair still has the floor. CLAIRE [CONT'D] What is wrong with you people? Do you think this is an effective way of dealing with problems? VICTOR This fuck shot my boy.
162) 15) text: ...in the arm. Vic Jr. leans on him, shut up. CLAIRE (to Victor)
163) 1) text: It's all flesh here, it should be okay. Gaines and the Vics stand around him. In the background, Claire is dubious and horrified. Vic Jr. puts Todd's gun to the `X.' Gaines hands Simon a to mop up the blood. SIMON
163) 8) text: It's all right. Really. Claire rolls her eyes -- this is going to take forever. W the Vic's argue, Claire grabs her coat and purse. GAINES                                                  *
163) 9) text: Where are you going? CLAIRE                                                  *
163) 10) text: I gotta get to work. Todd doesn't want her to leave, but really, what can he s Everyone turns to watch Claire leave. VICTOR                                                  *
163) 12) text: See you, Claire. We follow her out the door. As she exits... GAINES
164) 0) text: Claire shuts the door behind her. As she's headed for the steps, we hear a GUNSHOT. She flinches but keeps walking. SIMON [O.S.]
169) 0) text: Claire finishes bagging groceries. Looks up to see Ronna coming to open the next register. RONNA
169) 1) text: Hey. Claire doesn't say anything, a pointed silence. Ronna keys in, checks the drawer. Claire returns to her register. Ronna tries to make eye contact, but no luck.
169) 5) text: Claire continues to ignore her, turning her back. She straightens coupons, rubber-banding them. RONNA Claire.
169) 7) text: Claire's eyes -- understatement. RONNA [CONT'D] But it wasn't exactly a banner night for me, either.
169) 8) text: Claire stops, disbelieving -- if Ronna only knew. She tur her, then back to the register, holding it in. But she ju to face her to say... CLAIRE You are constantly using us. RONNA Using you? You use me. Come on, if it weren't for me, you would be sitting home every night eating popcorn and watching reruns of 90210. CLAIRE (overlapping) Mannie is your chauffeur, and I am... (what is she?) I am some chick you leave sitting in an apartment. RONNA (overlapping) That is such bullshit. Mannie does not feel that way. Ask him. Ask him! Where is he? CLAIRE Why would I know?
169) 13) text: He drove you here, didn't he? CLAIRE
171) 0) text: CLAIRE Mannie! Mannie!
174) 0) text: The Beast is the only car left. Ronna and Claire circle, looking for the keys on the ground. Calling out... RONNA You fucked Todd Gaines?
174) 4) dialog: No! (embarrased) We made out. RONNA (mocking) Made out? CLAIRE Kissed. A little. What? RONNA Hello! He's a drug dealer.
174) 5) text: Claire doesn't want this to go any further. Fortunately, then...
174) 6) dialog: Found `em.
174) 12) text: She puts him in the car, holding his head like he's a cri on "Cops." CLAIRE I'll drive.
174) 13) text: Ronna hands her the keys over the roof of the Beast, sunl shining off the gathered rain. They take a beat, just the of them. CLAIRE So, do you have enough money to pay off your rent? RONNA And twenty left over. Maybe I'll open a savings account.