136) 15) text: See, my wife and I -- Irene, she's my wife -- we're both working on Christmas so we're gonna have Christmas dinner tonight. And I was thinking, maybe you guys would want to come over, eat some dinner with us. My wife is great, you'll love her, then I'll sign your form. How does that sound? A beat. ZACK
139) 0) text: Burke's wife IRENE is mashing potatoes with considerable Adam leans in, sees her dedication and tries to duck out. she saw him. IRENE
139) 2) text: Sorry. Phone. Messages. Check? IRENE
139) 3) text: Here. She points. He sheepishly crosses to get it. While he's dialing, Irene starts in with the electric mixer. Butter. Milk. Salt. Adam doesn't know where to look while he's listening to his messages. He suddenly smiles. Irene notices and stops mixing. ADAM (re: phone)
141) 0) text: Irene is back whipping the potatoes. IRENE
141) 2) text: It does have perks. Irene pops the beaters out of the mixer, hands one to Ada They lick the potatoes off them. IRENE
141) 4) text: It's a stage kiss. Your lips touch, but there's no tongue. IRENE
141) 8) text: Honey, red or white? Now dressed, Burke comes in with two bottles of wine. Zac behind him at a distance, still creeped out from the bedr encounter. He and Adam trade panicked stares. IRENE
142) 0) text: Irene slides a plate under the candlestick, where wax is dripping onto the tablecloth. Burke tips the bottle at Ad
142) 3) text: Burke and Irene share a look. BURKE If you gotta go, then I understand. (awkward beat) But Irene and I sort of had an ulterior motive inviting you here.
142) 4) text: Zack looks to Adam. IRENE He makes it sound sinister. It's not. BURKE She's right. Okay, you've looked around our place. Where do you think we got most of this stuff?
142) 5) text: Adam and Zack shake their heads. IRENE Just guess.
142) 10) text: Irene and Burke both smile. BURKE It's actually from Confederated Products. Almost everything in this house is from Confederated Products, from the toilet paper to the mattress to those candles.
142) 11) dialog: The wine. BURKE Even that cologne you liked. (practiced) See, Confederated Products is a multi- level direct wholesaling company. That means we don't just sell the products ourselves, we also recruit and manage teams who work under us. Irene and I started eight months ago and we're already bringing in fifty thousand a year in revenues. IRENE We're the number four distributor in Southern California. By March, we might be number three.
142) 12) text: She crosses her fingers. So does Burke. We look to Zack, horrified. BURKE Now, as law enforcement officers, Irene and I can't recruit distributors from inside the force. It's against the rules and we'd get fired. So what we do is look for people in other industries... IRENE ...like the entertainment industry. ZACK Wait. (realizing) You want us to sell Amway. BURKE Confederated Products. It's a different company, different quality of product.