56) 1) text: TINY (19) is not black, but thinks he is. Simon climbs out of the trunk and does a face-plant in th gravel. He's shit-faced drunk. MARCUS Dude, you passed out before we left L.A.
56) 2) text: MARCUS (24) was a tailback at UCLA, and still has the bui He is black, and has no confusion over this matter. Simon is about to reply when he suddenly HEAVES. Everyone backs away. Tiny takes the tire iron, puts it to the side the trunk. He starts cranking it while HUMMING "Pop Goes Weasel," ending with... TINY Pop! Goes the asshole.
57) 0) text: A massive land yacht from the pre-Embargo era. SINGH (23) driving, nursing a beer. Marcus reads a magazine. Tiny ta from the enormous back seat, where Simon is recuperating. TINY
57) 4) text: Her contact lens. It's stuck on the end of my dick. MARCUS
57) 7) text: The contact lens. MARCUS
57) 9) text: What the fuck does that matter? MARCUS (leaning over seat)
57) 15) text: Singh MOANS, not again. MARCUS What nigger? This nigger? TINY My mother's mother's mother was black. MARCUS So you say, yet we have never seen a picture of this Ebonic woman. SINGH Stop. Truce. MARCUS If you were any less black, you would be clear. SIMON (moaning) Stop. MARCUS Look at your skin. TINY I see black because I know I am. Color is a state of mind. MARCUS Thank you Rhythm Nation.
58) 1) text: So what does Valentina do? MARCUS
58) 3) text: What class? MARCUS
58) 6) text: Man, I taught myself. MARCUS (to Simon)
58) 15) dialog: Not once. SIMON Fourteen hours, you didn't go once. Not even at the end? MARCUS You redirect the orgasm inside.
58) 16) text: He's greeted with skeptical looks. MARCUS (CONT'd) How long does your orgasm last? A couple seconds? I've had orgasms that lasted an hour and a half.
59) 0) text: We hear slot machines CHIMING in the distance. Marcus pic gold card up from the counter. MARCUS (reading)
59) 2) text: He gets a discount. He let me use it. He's a good guy. MARCUS
59) 9) text: Great then. Welcome to the Riviera. Simon walks away with Marcus. SIMON (low)
60) 0) text: Doubled over, Tiny BANGS on the bathroom door. Singh emer pale and sweating. He steps over Tiny, who crawls in. Han up his clothes, Marcus waves away the smell. Singh MOANS, lying down on a bed. MARCUS
60) 3) text: Todd, it's Simon. What's up?...I'm in Vegas, we just got here. What was the name of the place you said we should go...The Crazy Horse. What are you doing tonight? Marcus neatly unfolds his clothes, hanging them up in the closet. SIMON (on phone)
60) 4) text: You're going to a wedding?...What is it, a rave? From the wall, KNOCKING. Simon and Marcus look to a door the window. SIMON (on phone)
60) 5) text: No, I know Claire...Are you going to fuck her? Simon points at the KNOCKING door. Marcus finally opens i reveal a 12 year-old BOY in the adjoining hotel room. BOY
60) 6) text: Who are you? MARCUS
61) 0) text: Simon and Marcus are fully macked out. Marcus adjusts the shoulders of his bright yellow jacket. SIMON Did I mention how much I like your jacket? MARCUS No. SIMON There's a reason.
62) 0) text: Simon finds Marcus at a blackjack table. SIMON Let me borrow some money. MARCUS Where's your money? SIMON I lost it
62) 1) text: The DEALER is waiting for Marcus to play. He takes a card bust. MARCUS We've been here five minutes. SIMON I was playing this game at a hundred dollar table and I didn't understand it, but now I do. I think I figured out how to beat it. MARCUS Let me see your wallet.
65) 0) text: Simon shares the elevator with drunken bridesmaids BECKY GOLDMAN and REBECCA GOLDSTIEN. Both are 19. BECKY Okay, if you're from over there, then where did you meet these friends? Of yours. Who I don't see. SIMON They already knew each utter, but Marcus I met in traffic school.
69) 0) text: Gentle Christmas MUZAK. At the sinks, Marcus wets his fingers to fix his hair. An TEXAN washes his hands at the next sink, looks around for towel. Marcus takes two from the dispenser, hands them ov When he's finished, the Texan sets the crumpled towels on counter, along with a dollar bill. He taps his hat and le
70) 0) text: Not breaking his stride, Simon catches Marcus coming out restroom. SIMON Hey. We're leaving.
70) 1) dialog: Fuck yeah.
71) 0) text: Seething, Marcus joins Simon in line for a cab. A white Ferrari pulls up to the curb beside them. The FERRARI MAN tosses the keys at Marcus, who can't help but catch them. FERRARI MAN Keep it close and there's an extra ten bucks for you.
71) 1) text: He slips Marcus a five as he rushes into the casino. A be Simon is cracking up. As we REVERSE, we see the valets ar wearing the same yellow sportcoat as Marcus. MARCUS Get in. Get in the car. Get in.
72) 0) text: Top off, wind whipping. Marcus downshifts, letting the en RACE as he passes another sports car. The STEREO is blast Pale and dazed, Simon tries to light a cigarette. It blow of his fingers. It was his last. He adjusts himself in hi seat, uncomfortable. SIMON (shouting over noise) Question. When you're doing tantra, you hold it in at the end, right?
72) 4) dialog: Exactly.
72) 5) text: Marcus looks over to Simon, who is trying to get his brea
73) 0) text: Empty intersections, no traffic to speak of. Marcus is lo for a cross-street. They're lost. MARCUS See if there's a map.
73) 4) text: Marcus looks over. Simon gently pulls out a 9mm Baretta. Fascinated, he turns it over in his hands. Marcus tries t keep an eye on the road. MARCUS Don't point it at me! SIMON How do I know if it's loaded? MARCUS First, you stop pointing it at me.
73) 5) text: Simon aims the other way, out the window. As they drive through an intersection, they pass a car full of LOCALS. MARCUS Floor. Floor!
73) 10) text: Marcus removes the clip, hands it over. Simon counts the bullets. SIMON I hold ten men's lives in my hand. MARCUS It's a nine millimeter. It doesn't have stopping power. SIMON Right. For that you'd need Magnum Force.
74) 0) text: At a pull-up payphone, Marcus is looking through the map phone book. Simon is still fondling the gun. SIMON This is why I came here. This is America. I'm serious. You want to take one symbol for all of America, it's not the flag or the hawk... MARCUS ...eagle... SIMON ...or the automobile. America is about a man and a gun. (MORE)
74) 4) dialog: The N-R-A.
74) 5) text: He tears a page out of the phone book. SIMON You're certain? MARCUS The E.R.A. was this chick thing in the `70s. SIMON Chicks with guns?
74) 7) dialog: Yes.
77) 0) text: Sodium vapor lights BUZZ overhead. Simon adjusts somethin his coat while Marcus locks the Ferrari. APPROACHING THE ENTRANCE... MARCUS
77) 2) text: Explain. MARCUS
77) 9) text: At the door, Marcus stops Simon before he goes in. MARCUS We have one word, champagne. You can order anything you want, anything, as long as it's not champagne.
78) 0) text: Pitch black except for tiny Christmas lights. To Simon's a skanky MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE plays video poker. At the bar Marcus SHOUTS to the BARTENDER -- the MUSIC is deafening. Out of the shadows, two dancers approach. They split up, blonde HOLLY taking Simon, while brunette NOELLE heads fo Marcus. Holly offers Simon a hand, they shake. She leans close to into his ear. He smiles. Noelle taps Marcus on the shoulder, ducks to the other si playfully. Takes a sip of his drink. Simon points to Marcus. Holly nods, feeling the fabric of shirt. Noelle laughs at something Marcus said. Holly measures her hand against Simon's, rubs it against neck. He is staring at her magnificent breasts. At Noelle's urging, Marcus flexes his bicep. Noelle flutt We come in CLOSE as Holly leans over to say something. Si speaks first... SIMON I'd like to buy your most expensive bottle of champagne.
79) 0) text: A curtain at the end, blue light overhead. Holly leads th with a bottle of champagne. Noelle follows with glasses. Behind them, the guys. Marcus gives Simon a look. Simon shrugs it off.
79) 4) text: Marcus looks to Simon, who hands over the gold card. Vic reads them the boilerplate... VIC JR. This is a gentlemen's club. You are expected to behave as gentlemen. I will be giving you one rule. If you break this rule, I will break your arm. Are we clear? MARCUS Yes. VIC JR. The ladies can touch you. You cannot touch them. At any point, for any reason. Is this clear? SIMON Crystal. VIC JR. Enjoy your evening.
80) 0) text: A mirrored ball spins overhead, stars racing across the b paneling. Holly nudges Simon into his chair. He and Marcu sit back to back. As the champage POPS, we move into a series of overlappin shots: Noelle licks the foam from Holly's fingers. Holly rubs the bottle against herself, pours. Noelle and Holly dance together, a tinsel ribbon around t Simon adjusts himself in the crotch. Noelle lights a cigar for Marcus as Holly dances alone. Holly lifts her miniskirt to reveal a g-string. Simon cranes his neck back, banging heads with Marcus.
80) 4) text: Noelle and Holly both get off him. Holly kicks his leg. F behind the curtain, Vic Jr. charges in. He heads straight Marcus. NOELLE The other one!
80) 6) text: He kicks Simon in the ass. MARCUS Yo. Yo! He fucked up, he lost control. VIC JR. Am I talking to you? I'm talking to your faggot friend here.
80) 7) text: He kicks Simon again. Holly and Noelle stand in the corne This has happened a hundred times. MARCUS We're leaving.
80) 11) text: Vic Jr. turns on Marcus. A beat. He shoves him, hard. MARCUS I'm not trying to throw down here. VIC JR. (another shove) You think you can kick my ass? MARCUS I don't want to try.
80) 12) text: Vic Jr. WHACKS Marcus, an old-fashioned bitch slap. A bea Marcus tries to keep the rage down. Feels his nose bleedi He backs away, but Vic Jr. keeps coming. Suddenly... A GUNSHOT. SCREAMS. For a beat, no one's sure what happened. We look around t Marcus. Vic Jr. Holly. Noelle. Then finally Simon. He just fired. The gun is steady in his hand. Marcus checks his shirt. A spray of blood. Vic Jr. checks his arm. It's bleeding. We HOLD for a moment, the mirrored ball still spinning overhead. SIMON Everybody back the fuck away.
80) 13) text: They do. Marcus holds his place. MARCUS Oh, man. Fuck.
80) 19) text: Behind you. A fire escape door. Simon motions for Marcus to come. Pus the bar, no alarm sounds. They back out, into the night. door swings shut. A beat. Suddenly, an MAN charges in with a silver .45. He is Vic 60, owner and proprietor. You don't fuck with Victor. VICTOR
82) 0) text: Taking a left, Marcus slows down a little. We're on an em street well away from the Crazy Horse. He dabs at his blo nose.
82) 4) text: Marcus slams on the brakes. MARCUS It has your fingerprints on it. SIMON Oh shit.
82) 5) text: Craning around, Simon looks for it in the street. Marcus the car up. Suddenly, a phone RINGS. Lights flicker on th car phone. SIMON Do we answer?
82) 6) text: Marcus brakes again. The phone keeps RINGING. MARCUS It's probably Orange County asking where the hell his car is. SIMON It's a cell phone. They can trace where we are even if we don't answer. MARCUS Get the gun. Go. Find it.
82) 7) text: Simon climbs out and starts looking, crouching to look un cars. In the Ferrari, Marcus sits back and kicks the phone with boot, over and over until it stops, dead. For a moment, silence. Then the car's ALARM starts going off.     Marcus SCREAMS frustration. He punches buttons on the     keychain, but will quiet it. He tries the key in the     ignition. It w turn over. Climbing out of the car, he     kicks it with might. Simon finds the gun, crawling under a truck to get it.
87) 0) text: Climbing out of a cab, Marcus throws two bills at the DRI Simon is already running down the sidewalk.
88) 0) text: Simon furiously pounds the elevator button. With a DING, finally open. He and Marcus get on. The doors shut. In the same shot, we WHIP BACK to look at the lobby, wher Victor and Vic Jr. have just entered. They walk calmly bu quickly.
90) 0) text: Marcus and Simon burst in like a cyclone. Marcus grabs hi clothes out of the closet. MARCUS All right, listen up. We're leaving in 30 seconds. Grab what you can. TINY What the fuck?
90) 1) text: Simon tosses Singh his wallet, pockets the keys. MARCUS Just do it. Now!
92) 0) text: Simon backs away from the door, freaking out. Marcus chec the windows. They're eight stories above a parking lot. Tiny knocks on the door to the adjoining room TINY (low) Hey. Kid.
98) 4) text: The boy nods. Marcus drops him. Simon opens the hallway d a crack. It's clear. On the count of three, they go. We stay with the boy, who sits back against the windows, excited and rich. There's a KNOCK at the adjoining door. boy tucks the money away. With a BOOM, we hear the door being kicked open. It only four blows. BOY (pointing) Down the hall. That way.
101) 0) text: A line of cars wait to pay at the booth. Simon slams on t brakes. Looking out the back window, Marcus sees the brig lights of the Ram Charger approaching. MARCUS They're right behind us.
104) 1) dialog: Cop. Cop!
104) 2) text: There's a police car waiting at the stoplight.         Si brakes, just short of a SQUEAL. They stop in a         mi next to the cop. Simon and Marcus look over to         th trying to be calm. Singh and Tiny peer out the         ba The Ram Charger slowly approaches, no hurry. In the squad the Officer takes a radio call. Drunken TOURISTS walk pas The crosswalk switches to a flashing red hand. SIMON How did they find us? MARCUS It's their town. I'm sure they have people.
104) 3) text: The Ram Charger pulls in right behind the Cadillac. It's tall, all we see are the blinding headlights through the window. Singh and Tiny slink down. Marcus checks the gun his lap.
105) 0) text: The Cadillac takes a corner hard, fishtailing into oncomi traffic. Tiny SCREAMS. Simon pulls it back into the lane. the rear-view mirror, we see the Ram Charger, gaining. MARCUS
106) 8) text: The sweeper is already halfway across the alley. Singh br for impact. Somehow, Simon still thinks he can clear it. MARCUS
107) 0) text: The abrupt stop sends Tiny flying into the front seat, wh his head SMACKS against the dash. Marcus's seat breaks, PINNING him. He pushes back, but Singh YELPS in protest. Simon blinks, trying to figure out if he's alive. With Ti bleeding head on his lap, he shifts into reverse.
109) 0) text: Shifting gears, Simon tries to rock the car back and fort making no progress. Looking over his seat, Marcus sees th giant pickup heading right for them. The headlights are b enough to cast shadows. Forcing back the seat, Marcus stands up through the open sunroof. Aims and FIRES. Once. Twice. Three times.
116) 0) text: Simon fights to regain control, the    street outside a b Over his shoulder, an oncoming Yugo    can't stop fast en The little car hits just in front of    the tire, sending Cadillac spinning back the opposite    direction. Tiny's unconscious body flies out the passenger window. Marcus and Singh both grab hold. As Simon rights the spin Cadillac brushes past the green street sweeper, still hum along. Marcus and Singh pull Tiny back in, inches away fr decapitation. Simon finally settles into a lane, checking the rear-view mirror.
120) 0) text: In the back seat, Tiny is propped up with a bloody shirt pressed to his head. Singh has his feet up to brace the b of Marcus's seat. SINGH
120) 3) text: We can be in Mexico by noon. I say we split up from there. I'll take Baja. MARCUS