0) 0) text: A light rain and crickets CHIRPING. Somewhere in the nigh DANCE MUSIC is blaring, but here it's only a whisper with beat. Water trickles out of a jagged pipe. Splashing up mud, th riverlet weaves through hamburger wrappers and sunbleache beer cans, spent condoms and an old Spin magazine. The tiny stream ripples past glass and trash and the body woman. Face up, breathing. Dead grass caught in her braid Her name is RONNA MARTIN. She's eighteen and bleeding. Bleeding a lot. She tries to         push herself up, but the dirt around Her legs are         useless. Despite it all, there's a s perverse joy         to her face, like she's just remembe punchline to         a favorite joke.
2) 0) text: A cash drawer slides shut. On the far side of the checkout stand, a STRINGY HAIRED W counts food stamps. Her eyes are sunken, black. She's got screaming BABY on her arm and two rambunctious BOYS in th cart. They're wearing pajamas and raincoats. It's five a.m. and the store is almost empty. Containers of frozen orange juice spin endlessly on the conveyor belt. Ronna Martin -- the girl in the ditch -- i bagging groceries. RONNA
2) 5) text: Paper or plastic? She's been working for fourteen hours, and it shows. Her intonation doesn't change at all. RONNA
2) 8) text: You didn't double my coupons. RONNA
2) 10) text: You can't do that. You can't put bleach in the same bag as food. It's poison. Ronna fishes out the bleach and makes a big show of wrapp in a plastic bag. STRINGY HAIRED WOMAN
2) 11) text: Don't think you're something you're not. I used to have your job. Ronna puts the bag in the cart. Looks her dead in the eye RONNA
3) 0) text: Ronna pulls off her apron as she heads for the back. In t BACKGROUND, the Stringy Haired Woman is bitching to an overweight STORE MANAGER.
4) 0) text: Dark and dusty, packed floor to ceiling with crates and palettes. Offscreen, a SOAP OPERA plays on TV. Ronna comes around the corner, a thundercloud of anger an frustration. She passes by CLAIRE (19) and the British SI (21) at the phone, sorting through a crumpled list. Simon's eyes track Ronna as she passes. CLAIRE (low)
4) 3) text: She's been on for fourteen hours. At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials. Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. Claire gives up on him, setting to work opening a box of expired cookies. SIMON
4) 4) text: Ronna? RONNA
4) 6) text: I haven't asked you yet. RONNA
4) 12) text: Claire looks over, looks away. Ronna heads for the door leading outside. SIMON Ronna, they wouldn't evict you at Christmas. You'd be ho-ho-homeless.
5) 0) text: Ronna forges ahead, ignoring him. SIMON Is that why all the overtime? How much do you owe? RONNA Three eighty. SIMON That's nothing. RONNA More than I got. SIMON I'll give you twenty right now for a blowjob.
5) 2) text: A beat. The start of a smile. Simon's just pushing her buttons. SIMON Ronna, do you want my shift? RONNA Serious?
5) 7) text: He peels off three twenties from his clip. She looks at t money, thinking. Finally, she takes it. RONNA Deal.
5) 8) text: Beyond exhausted, she starts walking back to the store. A a beat... SIMON Ronna? Are you certain I couldn't have a blowjob?
7) 0) text: MANNIE (17) pulls his arm back through with the orange ju He's on break with Ronna and Claire. VOICE ON INTERCOM Repeat, cashier to the front.
7) 1) text: All eyes look up to the voice of God. CLAIRE One of us has to go. MANNIE Dead celebrities? RONNA Loser goes up. Steve McQueen.
7) 10) text: If you don't mind The Beast. RONNA
7) 13) text: Alice in Chains. RONNA
7) 17) text: Carole Lombard. RONNA
7) 22) text: Nice. Robert Mitchum. RONNA
7) 27) text: You can't say Malcolm X. RONNA
7) 29) text: That's like a rule or something. Nothing starts with X. He puts the tub back on the shelf. RONNA
7) 32) text: Okay, I challenge. Give me one dead celebrity that starts with X. RONNA
7) 33) text: This is bullshit. I am not working the fucking register. She's winning no sympathy. Mannie starts to audibly CLICK countdown. Ronna shoots him a withering look. RONNA
7) 35) text: Break was over four minutes ago. Who's up front? Claire looks at Mannie. Mannie looks at Ronna. Resigned t martyrdom... RONNA
8) 0) text: Ronna rips off a receipt, handing it to a CLUTCHY OLD WOM Starts scanning someone else's groceries. Mannie is diggi out returns from under Ronna's checkstand. He suddenly lo up. MANNIE
8) 1) text: Xerxes. RONNA
8) 3) text: Xerxes. Some dead pharaoh guy. Starts with X. RONNA
8) 6) text: There's an opera about him. Ronna looks up at the customer, a handsome college guy (A He's cute in that fresh-scrubbed, Midwestern way. ADAM
8) 9) text: Does a British guy still work here? RONNA
8) 14) text: She's not going to rise to the bait. Zack looks over at A then to Ronna. ZACK Say... (checks nametag) Ronna. You don't know where we could get something to go with this orange juice, do you? RONNA Doughnuts, aisle four. ZACK But then you get the weird taste in your mouth. I was thinking something a little more euphoric. The British guy usually hooks us up.
8) 15) text: She stops bagging. Looks at Adam. At Zack. RONNA How much? ZACK Twenty at twenty. RONNA You're overpaying. ZACK We're desperate. A bunch of us are going to this party tonight, this warehouse thing...
8) 16) text: He pulls out a postcard-sized invite. Bright colors, slic printing... RONNA Mary Xmas Supafest. ADAM You're going?
8) 21) text: A friend was supposed to get the stuff in Chicago, but now he's snowed in. So if you could help us out here... All three watch Switterman pass. It gives Ronna a beat to think. She hands Zack a post-it note and a pen.
8) 26) text: Kick ass. Adam smiles. It's a nice smile. Even Ronna notices. RONNA
9) 0) text: The Beast is Mannie's pride and joy,    a late-70's Toyot together with duct tape and prayer.     It's outfitted fo season with Christmas lights lining    the windshield and window. Santa has replaced Jesus on     the dashboard. Ronna climbs in the passenger door, counting a stack of 2 fresh from the ATM. Claire's in back. CLAIRE
9) 1) text: You know that Simon's in Vegas. RONNA
9) 6) text: You can't do that, can you? I mean, go around Simon. She looks at Mannie. He shrugs, unsure. RONNA
9) 14) text: Ronna, you shouldn't do this. Ronna pockets the cash. Mannie's about to say something w she stops him. RONNA
9) 15) text: Both of you chill the fuck out. It's just once. When Simon gets back, we can still overpay for quarters if it makes you feel all warm and happy. But this is my deal, so just sit back and watch. Mannie and Claire remain unconvinced. Ronna reaches for t keys, CRANKING the ignition even though Mannie's driving. ENGINE purrs. RONNA (CONT'd)
10) 0) text: Ronna stands by the intercom of a two-story walkup in Hollywood. Waiting, she looks back to the street, where T Beast sits idle at the curb. INTERCOM VOICE
10) 1) text: Speak! RONNA
10) 2) text: Todd! It's Ronna Martin. You know me through Simon. A long pause. INTERCOM VOICE
10) 3) text: Yeah? RONNA
10) 4) text: Can I come up? Another long pause. Ronna looks back at The Beast, embarrassed. Finally the door BUZZES and a latch CLICKS o Stairs lead up. She motions back "five minutes" to The Beast.
11) 0) text: Three out of four lights are burned out in the hallway. A few feet ahead of Ronna, a door stands partly ajar. A w red-and-green light spills out through the crack, along w an Alice in Chains SONG.
12) 0) text: Ronna pushes the door open from the hallway. RONNA
12) 2) text: Don't let the cat out. Ronna closes the door behind her. TODD GAINES emerges from the darkened bedroom, tying the string on a pair of sweat pants. That's all he's wearing. RONNA
12) 5) text: I thought you were still buying quarters off Simon. Least what Simon pretends are quarters. RONNA
12) 13) text: The woman is out the door without a word. Gaines looks ba over at Ronna, not the least bit self-conscious about the GAINES I take it this is not a social call. RONNA I need a favor. GAINES A favor? Wow. I didn't know we were such good friends, Ronna. Because if we were, you would know I give head before I give favors. I don't even give my best friends head, so the chance of your getting a favor right now are pretty fucking slim. (beat) You might try just telling me what you want to buy. RONNA Twenty hits of ecstacy.
12) 20) text: You come here out of the blue asking for twenty hits. Just so happens twenty is the magic number where intent to sell becomes trafficking. RONNA
12) 23) text: What's the occasion? RONNA
12) 25) text: Friends of yours. You're not going to go and try to sell this on me, are you? RONNA
12) 27) text: You're not dealing. RONNA
12) 32) text: This is the real thing. Pharmaceutical grade, not that crunchy herbal rave shit. Don't let anyone double dose or you'll be frying eggs off `em in the emergency room. One hit per headbanger. RONNA
12) 34) text: Twenty at fifteen is 300. RONNA
12) 36) text: You already did strap it on. RONNA
12) 38) text: Inflation's a bitch. He offers it to Ronna, who doesn't reach out for it. RONNA
12) 39) text: Here's the deal. There's 20 of us. I need all of this. But I only have two hundred. I mean, that's all I have. Gaines undoes the cap of the Tylenol bottle, starts pouri pills back out. RONNA (CONT'D)
12) 41) text: See, that would be doing you a favor, and you know how I feel about favors. RONNA
12) 46) text: I already got a fucking Swatch. I need something I know you'll come back for. Ronna looks at the Tylenol bottle in his hands. Thinking.
13) 0) text: Ronna kneels down beside the passenger window. Knocks on glass. Claire rolls down the window. MUSIC spills out. RONNA
14) 0) text: The release BUZZER stops as Ronna pulls open the door to stairs. Claire just stands there, disbelieving, making no motion to go in. RONNA
14) 2) text: Hello! He's a drug dealer. RONNA
14) 4) text: No. No! You're making me an accessory. RONNA
14) 5) text: Claire. That bracelet of mine you're wearing is an accessory. You are just some chick who's sitting in an apartment. That's it. It's not just the matter at hand, but years of minor adju and one-upsmanship. Ronna finally drops the bravado. RONNA
14) 11) text: A beat. CLAIRE Forty-five minutes. That's like eight o'clock. RONNA We'll be back by eight, I promise.
14) 12) text: Ronna holds the door as Claire reluctantly steps inside.
15) 0) text: The clock on the dashboard reads 8:04. RONNA (v.o.) Is this it? Are you sure?
15) 2) text: He kills the engine. Ronna does a quick face-check in the view mirror. She's out the door, moving a hundred miles a hour. MANNIE Ronna!
15) 3) text: She looks back in. Mannie shakes the Tylenol bottle she forgot. Tosses them to her. MANNIE You're a pro. RONNA I'm a top-seeded amateur.
16) 0) text: A beefy guy named BURKE HALVERSON reaches out a hand. BURKE Damn good to meet you, Rhonda. RONNA Ronna. BURKE Ronna. When I heard Philly got snowed in, I thought we were fucked for sure. Glad we found you.
16) 1) text: Her PAGER goes off, a shrill CRY. She quiets it, checks t number. Burke smiles. BURKE Work work work. Friday must be a busy night. RONNA That was just a friend.
16) 2) text: Only now do we TURN to see Adam and Zack standing nearby, trying to look cool. Their house is spartan even by frat- standards, just goodwill furniture and as-is Ikea. BURKE (O.S.) Hey. What can I get you to drink? RONNA Some of that orange juice would be great.
16) 3) text: Burke does a hepcat swing through the kitchen door, leavi Ronna alone with Adam and Zack. ZACK So this party tonight sounds like it's gonna be huge.
16) 10) text: Ronna hun, we are fresh out of o.j... Adam looks at Zack. Ronna catches it. BURKE (back thru door)
16) 13) dialog: watching them with a lion tamer's concentration. Burke lo back over at her. BURKE
16) 14) text: Now, Zack tells me you got 20 at 20, is that right? RONNA (suddenly)
16) 17) text: Let me show you... He moves at Ronna strangely. It freaks her out. BURKE
16) 18) text: Maybe we could do this first. Burke shoots Adam a look. Ronna's already headed down the hall. They wait silently until Ronna's out of earshot. ADAM
17) 0) text: CLOSE UP: Ronna locks the door. She leans back against the frame, panicking. She turns on both faucets. She checks the window. Nailed shut. She looks at herself in the spotless mirror. RONNA
21) 0) text: Ronna's heart is in her throat. CU: The handle, rocking back and forth, locked. RONNA
23) 0) text: Ronna's on all fours, searching for spilled pills. She to them into the swirling water.
24) 1) dialog: standing with her beer, cool as an Eskimo.
24) 2) dialog: All yours.
25) 0) text: Ronna is headed for the front door. Following behind her, Burke waves at Adam -- BLOCK THAT DOOR! Adam steps in her way. BURKE Ronna, hun, do we got a deal here or not? RONNA (turns, backing away) No. No, see we don't. That's what I came here to tell you. I couldn't get anything.
25) 5) dialog: It's true. BURKE I just want to make a deal here, Ronna. Can we make a deal? RONNA Who the fuck are you? Monty Hall?
25) 6) text: Zack chokes a laugh. Burke stares right through her. Ronn swigs her beer like a trucker. RONNA Did you know I'm only 17?
26) 6) text: Ronna's PAGER goes off with a shrill BEEPING. She checks number. RONNA It's Claire. She paged me while I was in there. MANNIE We go back to Todd. Tell him they didn't show up, whatever. And then just swap the pills for Claire. RONNA We can't. MANNIE Why not? RONNA They're gone. I flushed them. MANNIE Oh shit. RONNA Think of something. I need a hundred bucks or 20 hits of X.
26) 11) text: She turns his chin to hold his eyes to the light. They're and dilated. And his smile resurfaces despite his best efforts. RONNA You took one, didn't you? Fuck you, Mannie! How could you do this to me? I need you now.
26) 12) text: He sits quietly, a scolded dog. RONNA Drive. MANNIE Where? RONNA Just drive. I have an idea.
27) 0) text: A sign over the entrance reads "Yule Save More." Christma MUSAK blares "Jingle Bell Rock" overhead. The automatic doors slide open to reveal Ronna and Mannie split up. We follow Ronna, who is now wearing Mannie's bl trench coat. The store is almost empty, with STOCKMEN beginning to unload palettes. Ronna turns down an aisle marked "Soap/Shampoo/Drugs."
31) 0) text: A COUPON-WIELDING WOMAN looks up, confused, but proceeds push her cart around the end of the row. Ronna looks both ways. She's alone. She starts grabbing boxes off the shelf and shoving them the pockets of Mannie's coat. Cold medicine. Allergy medicine. Every pill she can find.
34) 0) text: Behind the wheel, Ronna's ripping open boxes of medicatio Cracking open jars, she spills the tablets out on her han RONNA Were they round or oval? MANNIE (recovering) Round. White. Like aspirin. Like baby aspirin.
34) 1) text: She digs through the pockets of the coat, seeing what els grabbed. Her BEEPER goes off. She hits it to make it stop She pops an allergy pill out of its blister pack. Compare to another pill, almost the same. RONNA (holding them up) A or B? MANNIE
34) 6) text: Making a decision, Ronna starts popping the rest of the p out of the blister pack, dumping them into the Tylenol bo Her BEEPER goes off again. RONNA Stop fucking paging me, Claire!
35) 17) text: It's Ronna! Smiling, Gaines hits the DOOR button. Claire collects her wits.
36) 0) text: Ronna looks back to Mannie. RONNA
37) 1) text: That's no problem. These things happen, I understand that. Claire smiles, relieved. Mannie stands behind Ronna, his carefully fixed on the wall. GAINES (CONT'd)
37) 2) text: Let me just fill out a return slip here, and I'll have the manager give you a refund. RONNA
37) 3) text: Todd, I'm trying to explain what happened. They had already gotten stuff from somewhere else. It was just a case of miscommunication, I thought... Ronna's VOICE fades to nothing as we PUSH IN on Mannie.
37) 11) text: Mannie snaps back, eyes panicked. It's a few minutes later. Everyone's in different places, different moods. Mannie hasn't moved at all. GAINES (handing back cash) I'm keeping fifty. Call it interest. RONNA That's fine. Todd, I'm really sorry about all this.
37) 12) text: Ronna steers Mannie towards the door, trying to keep his to Todd. But at the last moment...
37) 14) text: A beat. Todd shakes the pill bottle. GAINES I just gave you a favor. RONNA (a smile) And here I thought you just gave me head.
39) 0) text: Ronna and Claire stare at each other, a competition, neit wanting to exhale first.
39) 8) text: Okay, at the risk of sounding like. You know. Me. What are you going to do about getting evicted? You're still short, aren't you? Mannie's hand flops down to the window. Claire hands him joint. From RONNA'S P.O.V., we see the floor is still littered w dozens of boxes of medicine. A beat. She picks up a box. An idea forming, Ronna sits back up. Smiles. CLAIRE
40) 0) text: Ronna and Claire weave through the densely packed lot, wh RAVE-GOERS party in and around their cars, drinking and smoking. As they walk, Ronna pops allergy medicine out of a bliste pack. She tosses the box away. Scanning the lot, she poin to a mini-van.
41) 0) text: Ronna knocks on the window. A NERVOUS TEENAGER rolls it d releasing a cloud of smoke. Ronna smiles. RONNA
42) 0) text: Ronna and Claire are packed in tight with three VALLEY HIGHSCHOOL COUPLES. The guys are stoned, the girls uptigh They're all breaking curfew. FILA GUY
42) 1) text: I think I feel something. RONNA
42) 8) text: You gotta try it. Shit, I'll buy for you. He pulls out his wallet and hands Ronna a twenty. She giv the Anorexic Girl a tablet, who downs the pill with a swi Diet Coke. RONNA
43) 1) text: I can't believe you are selling allergy medicine. RONNA
43) 3) text: Hey. People are saying you have some really good stuff. Ronna takes the money, looks him over. RONNA
43) 4) text: Show me your tits. A beat. He pulls up his shirt to show his skinny white ch Deeming him worthy, Ronna hands him a pill and sends him way. She adds the twenty to her stack. CLAIRE
43) 5) text: How much have you made? RONNA
44) 0) text: MUSIC builds throughout. Standing at the dresser, Gaines cracks open Ronna's bottl Pills spill out on a plate. He counts them, pushing them aside in groups with a card. Stops. Picks one up. Looks at it more closely... Pulls open a drawer full of socks. Digs out the wide-mouthed bottle. Shakes out a pill.
45) 1) dialog: who had her own groove going. She shoves him back into th wheel, a foot on his ass. Claire, behind her, YELLS something in her ear. We can't a thing. Ronna downs the rest of her drink, hands Claire cup. That's not what Claire meant -- she's a little pisse but Ronna is oblivious. Both hands free, Ronna pushes her way deeper into the eye the storm. She adjusts her holly crown. She's sky high an loving every minute of it.
47) 0) text: Sweating hard, Mannie is pressed back against a pole, shi over his head. Two nose-ringed RIOT GRRRLS are drawing a Christmas tree on his chest and stomach with a fat magic marker. Looking over at the entrance, he watches some GAPSTERS mo past the BOUNCERS. And behind them, TODD GAINES. Mannie's drugged eyes go wide with panic. He hunches down Gaines starts looking around the edge of the crowd. Mannie works his way into the mob. STROBES fire overhead. Ronna dances on, oblivious... Gaines circles, searching... Mannie fights his way through the outer ring of MOSHERS.. Through the crowd, we see Gaines looking in... Mannie grabs Ronna... She smiles, tries to kiss him... He YELLS in her ear. He has to repeat himself... She looks back over her shoulder... A space in the crowd... She sees Gaines. He sees her. The MUSIC STOPS. Dead silence. Ronna and Gaines trade stares for what feels like an eter until suddenly... The MUSIC BLASTS back, harder than ever. Like a shot, Ron and Mannie are out of there. Gaines plows through the cro coming after them.
48) 0) text: A side door BLASTS open, Ronna dragging Mannie by the wri They race down the alley. A burly BOUNCER shouts after th
49) 0) text: Ronna pulls Mannie into a covered doorway, a niche set of the alley. They hide back in the shadows as
49) 2) text: She puts a hand on his sweating forehead.         His che RONNA Jesus. You're burning up. MANNIE I can't feel my hands. RONNA Listen to me. We're going to find Claire and get out of here.
50) 0) text: Ronna half-carries Mannie down the alley. He's too heavy lift, and too out of it to go much further. He collapses his knees. She can't get him back up. Without warning, he HEAVES. We hear the SPLASH on the asp She props his head back against a dumpster. Wipes his fac RONNA Sweetheart. Mannie. I'm going to leave you here. I'm going to get the car and come back for you.
51) 0) text: In the distance, we hear the RUMBLE of the music. Keeping Ronna works her way down a row, coming to Mannie's car. S tries one key, then another. We LOOK UP to see Todd Gaines watching her from the hood nearby car. GAINES How's it going, Ronna? How are sales?
51) 1) text: Her heart skips a beat. She drops the keys. RONNA Todd, I can explain. GAINES I'm not going to ask you to.
51) 2) text: He climbs off the car, approaching. GAINES [CONT'D] The thing is, it's not like I'm in a highly ethical industry. But goddamn, Ronna. You fucked me over for 20 lousy hits.
51) 3) text: He pulls his gun from the back of his jeans. By instinct, starts to move away. A red Miata moves down the row behind Ronna. She looks to for help, but it's already passed. RONNA It's not what it looks like. I mean, it sort of is, but it's complicated. GAINES Not really.
51) 8) text: At the last moment, Ronna bolts. She ducks around the cor of a van, only to see...
52) 0) text: We stay on Ronna's body as we HEAR the Miata suddenly pul away. Somewhere in the distance, the Mary Xmas Supafest i still RAGING, but here it's only a WHISPER with a beat. With a sudden SPASM, Ronna moves. Turns herself over on h back. Each breath WHEEZES and GURGLES. She pulls the remainder of the holly crown out of her hai tosses it aside. She tries to push herself up. Her legs w move. Catching her breath, she looks to the top of the ditch, w for somebody to look in. No one does. Adjusting herself, slides against a weathered magazine. Spin. Jane's Addicti on the cover. She collapses back, a new wave of pain. After a beat, she suddenly LAUGHS, until gradually it bec COUGHING. She pushes her hair back, streaking blood acros face. RONNA
52) 1) text: Mannie!! There's no answer. The YELLING hurts. She won't do that again. RONNA
52) 2) text: Mannie, I got it! I remembered who the fuck it was! Perry Farrell's dead girlfriend. Xiola Blue. X-I-O-L-A. Fuck, I knew there was one. A sudden spasm of pain. She winces, sobbing. It passes. RONNA
53) 5) text: Simon, no one is going to take your shift. Ronna comes around the corner, zombie-tired. She heads to locker. Simon watches her, an idea forming.
54) 1) text: Ronna, do you want my shift? RONNA
122) 0) text: Off-screen, a SOAP OPERA plays. Claire leans beside Simon. His eyes track Ronna as she pa
122) 4) text: At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials. Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. We stay back with Claire sets to work opening a box of expired cookies. She half-listens as Ronna and Simon have their discussion the lockers, then at the time clock. Simon follows Ronna out into the alley. Claire takes a seat atop a crappy console TV, eating an o cookie. The VOICES on the soap opera seem familiar. MALE VOICE #1 I'm not the man you're looking for. MALE VOICE #2 We both know you were on the pier. You saw what happened to Carmen.
129) 4) text: You look more wholesome. Just improv. He steers the cart into Ronna's checkstand, where she's waiting on a Clutchy Old Woman who eyes everything suspiciously. Zack pulls out his cell phone, fake dials. ADAM
130) 4) text: Ronna. You think she can score? ADAM
132) 0) text: Claire is arguing with Ronna. She finally relents and goe upstairs with her.
135) 1) text: Cerveza? He hands Ronna the beer. ADAM (to Burke)
135) 2) text: Oh yeah. Hey. We bought a whole bunch of orange juice. It's in the car. Ronna has halfway figured out what's going on. BURKE
135) 3) text: Now, Zack tells me you got 20 at 20, is that right? RONNA (suddenly)
135) 8) text: Go. Ronna sees it. Her eyes go wider. Zack nods.
157) 2) text: Adam shudders at the thought. With a flashlight, Zack jumps down into the ditch. He nud Ronna's body with his foot. She's dead alright. He rolls the body over, grabbing under her arms. He tries hoist her up, but she's too heavy and the ditch is too de ZACK Little help? ADAM (not moving) I can't. ZACK What do you mean?
157) 13) text: Then take her fucking arms! Obeying, Adam grabs Ronna's wrists as Zack pushes from be Together they get the body out of the ditch. Zack climbs help maneuver her into the car. Just then... Ronna MOANS. Adam freaks out, dropping his side. Ronna's head hits the dirt. Louder MOANING. ADAM
157) 15) text: No shit! They stand back, watching Ronna MOAN as she lies half-in, out of the car. ADAM
158) 1) text: Back away from the vehicle. Weaving through some parked cars, we settle on an angry B its lights flashing. A small throng of RAVERS have gather around to look, because Ronna's limp body lies on the hoo A familiar face pushes through the crowd, just arrived. FILA GUY
159) 11) text: Have you seen Ronna? Or Mannie? He shakes his head. CLAIRE
165) 0) text: Ronna wakes up, a bit at a time, an IV dripping overhead. hear carolers SINGING in the distance. Her nose crinkles, her tongue finds her lips. Finally a swollen eye opens, looks around. A MEXICAN FAMILY is gath around the other bed in the room, the father dressed as S Claus. Ronna sees the IV dangling from her arm. She sits up with difficulty, a head rush. She tries to get her bearings, b genuinely doesn't know how she got here. After a beat, she rips off the tape and carefuly pulls th needle out of her arm.
167) 0) text: Ronna slides her time card into the machine, which PUNCHE down.
168) 0) text: Ronna ties her apron as she heads to the front, limping a
169) 0) text: Claire finishes bagging groceries. Looks up to see Ronna coming to open the next register. RONNA
169) 1) text: Hey. Claire doesn't say anything, a pointed silence. Ronna keys in, checks the drawer. Claire returns to her register. Ronna tries to make eye contact, but no luck.
169) 5) text: Claire continues to ignore her, turning her back. She straightens coupons, rubber-banding them. RONNA Claire.
169) 6) text: Nothing. A beat. Finally... RONNA Alright. Mistakes were made. Things didn't go exactly as planned.
169) 7) text: Claire's eyes -- understatement. RONNA [CONT'D] But it wasn't exactly a banner night for me, either.
169) 8) text: Claire stops, disbelieving -- if Ronna only knew. She tur her, then back to the register, holding it in. But she ju to face her to say... CLAIRE You are constantly using us. RONNA Using you? You use me. Come on, if it weren't for me, you would be sitting home every night eating popcorn and watching reruns of 90210. CLAIRE (overlapping) Mannie is your chauffeur, and I am... (what is she?) I am some chick you leave sitting in an apartment. RONNA (overlapping) That is such bullshit. Mannie does not feel that way. Ask him. Ask him! Where is he? CLAIRE Why would I know?
169) 9) text: A beat. A cold horror crosses Ronna. Remaining calm...
169) 14) text: No, I got a ride. His car was still in the parking lot when I left. RONNA
170) 0) text: RONNA (yelling) Mannie? Mannie?
170) 1) text: Ronna limps ahead. A taxicab waits in the background.
173) 0) text: RONNA Mannie! Can you hear me? MANNIE (O.S.) Yeah!
173) 1) text: Ronna turns to see Mannie behind her, stretching his neck He's pale. His eyes are bloodshot. But otherwise, he's fi MANNIE You look like shit.
174) 0) text: The Beast is the only car left. Ronna and Claire circle, looking for the keys on the ground. Calling out... RONNA You fucked Todd Gaines?
174) 11) text: A beat. MANNIE Xavier Kugat. Starts with X. RONNA You shit.
174) 13) text: Ronna hands her the keys over the roof of the Beast, sunl shining off the gathered rain. They take a beat, just the of them. CLAIRE So, do you have enough money to pay off your rent? RONNA And twenty left over. Maybe I'll open a savings account.
174) 15) text: Ronna smiles. RONNA Merry Christmas, Mannie.