0) 5) text: SPARKS. A cigarette lighter flares. We're in the trunk of a car with SIMON BAINES (22), a ski Brit with surfer hair. He looks around, realizes where he Panicked, he starts POUNDING and KICKING.
4) 0) text: Dark and dusty, packed floor to ceiling with crates and palettes. Offscreen, a SOAP OPERA plays on TV. Ronna comes around the corner, a thundercloud of anger an frustration. She passes by CLAIRE (19) and the British SI (21) at the phone, sorting through a crumpled list. Simon's eyes track Ronna as she passes. CLAIRE (low)
4) 1) text: Don't. SIMON
4) 3) text: She's been on for fourteen hours. At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials. Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. Claire gives up on him, setting to work opening a box of expired cookies. SIMON
4) 5) text: No. She trades her apron for her coat. SIMON
4) 7) text: Answer's still no. She slams her locker. She crosses to the time clock. SIMON
4) 12) text: Claire looks over, looks away. Ronna heads for the door leading outside. SIMON Ronna, they wouldn't evict you at Christmas. You'd be ho-ho-homeless.
5) 0) text: Ronna forges ahead, ignoring him. SIMON Is that why all the overtime? How much do you owe? RONNA Three eighty. SIMON That's nothing. RONNA More than I got. SIMON I'll give you twenty right now for a blowjob.
5) 1) text: She stops, turns on him. Her look could freeze lava. SIMON Handjob?
5) 2) text: A beat. The start of a smile. Simon's just pushing her buttons. SIMON Ronna, do you want my shift? RONNA Serious?
5) 6) text: She only half-believes him. Simon's not prone to benevole SIMON [CONT'D] Look, my best mates are going to Las Vegas this weekend. I've never been -- I'm told it's incredible. If you took my shift, I could go with them. Everybody wins. (beat; she's not sold) Cash up front.
5) 8) text: Beyond exhausted, she starts walking back to the store. A a beat... SIMON Ronna? Are you certain I couldn't have a blowjob?
9) 1) text: You know that Simon's in Vegas. RONNA
9) 2) text: I don't need Simon. I'm going to Todd. MANNIE
9) 5) text: Simon's dealer. Claire sits forward in the seat, suddenly worried. CLAIRE
9) 6) text: You can't do that, can you? I mean, go around Simon. She looks at Mannie. He shrugs, unsure. RONNA
9) 7) text: Ok, listen up. If Simon were here -- which he's not -- he would charge fifteen, when I know he gets it for ten. (MORE)
9) 15) text: Both of you chill the fuck out. It's just once. When Simon gets back, we can still overpay for quarters if it makes you feel all warm and happy. But this is my deal, so just sit back and watch. Mannie and Claire remain unconvinced. Ronna reaches for t keys, CRANKING the ignition even though Mannie's driving. ENGINE purrs. RONNA (CONT'd)
10) 2) text: Todd! It's Ronna Martin. You know me through Simon. A long pause. INTERCOM VOICE
12) 5) text: I thought you were still buying quarters off Simon. Least what Simon pretends are quarters. RONNA
12) 37) text: It's just that I know you charge Simon ten. GAINES
53) 0) text: Offscreen, a SOAP OPERA plays. Simon is on the phone, a w worn employee list in his hands. SIMON (ON PHONE)
53) 1) text: No, no. Donde Miguel? Claire leans against the wall beside him, skeptical but amused. She turns a box of cookies over in her hands, rea the ingredients. SIMON (ON PHONE)
53) 4) text: Mexico. Fuck. Simon hangs up the phone without saying goodbye. He continues down the list. CLAIRE
53) 5) text: Simon, no one is going to take your shift. Ronna comes around the corner, zombie-tired. She heads to locker. Simon watches her, an idea forming.
54) 0) text: SIMON
54) 2) text: Are you serious? SIMON
55) 0) text: Simon keeps KICKING. SIMON Fucking let me out of here!
55) 1) text: The lighter burns his thumb. He switches hands. Listens f second. The car isn't driving anymore. He tries to catch his breath, but keeps getting more pani A key SCRAPES in the lock. The trunk lid opens a crack. Bright daylight spills in. Simon KICKS the lid and pops up, ready to swing a tire ir
56) 1) text: TINY (19) is not black, but thinks he is. Simon climbs out of the trunk and does a face-plant in th gravel. He's shit-faced drunk. MARCUS Dude, you passed out before we left L.A.
56) 2) text: MARCUS (24) was a tailback at UCLA, and still has the bui He is black, and has no confusion over this matter. Simon is about to reply when he suddenly HEAVES. Everyone backs away. Tiny takes the tire iron, puts it to the side the trunk. He starts cranking it while HUMMING "Pop Goes Weasel," ending with... TINY Pop! Goes the asshole.
57) 0) text: A massive land yacht from the pre-Embargo era. SINGH (23) driving, nursing a beer. Marcus reads a magazine. Tiny ta from the enormous back seat, where Simon is recuperating. TINY
57) 15) text: Singh MOANS, not again. MARCUS What nigger? This nigger? TINY My mother's mother's mother was black. MARCUS So you say, yet we have never seen a picture of this Ebonic woman. SINGH Stop. Truce. MARCUS If you were any less black, you would be clear. SIMON (moaning) Stop. MARCUS Look at your skin. TINY I see black because I know I am. Color is a state of mind. MARCUS Thank you Rhythm Nation.
58) 0) text: It's a dive, and nearly empty. The guys work their way do both sides of a self-service food bar. Simon is mostly recovered. SIMON
58) 2) text: She's a nutritionist. She also teaches a class at this college. SIMON
58) 6) text: Man, I taught myself. MARCUS (to Simon)
58) 17) dialog: Bullshit. MARCUS Swear to God. And I do mean Allah. SINGH When was the last time you got off? I mean like, wet. MARCUS I haven't ejaculated in six months. TINY Six months! MARCUS Anyone can do it. All it takes is discipline. TINY You are some kind of Obi Wan Kenobi motherfucker. (MORE)
58) 21) text: Call me old school, but I am still down with coming and going. Am I right? Singh agrees. Simon, however, is still intrigued.
59) 1) text: Todd Gaines. The drug dealer. SIMON
59) 3) text: He's the good drug dealer. I get confused. SIMON
59) 4) text: We'll pay cash anyway. This is just to get the room. The Desk Woman returns with their keys. SIMON
59) 7) text: I think my manager would be better able to answer that question. Would you like me to call him over? SIMON
59) 9) text: Great then. Welcome to the Riviera. Simon walks away with Marcus. SIMON (low)
60) 2) text: I have something for you. Where did I put it? Oh, it's right here. He gives him the finger. Simon is on the phone by the win SIMON (over action)
60) 3) text: Todd, it's Simon. What's up?...I'm in Vegas, we just got here. What was the name of the place you said we should go...The Crazy Horse. What are you doing tonight? Marcus neatly unfolds his clothes, hanging them up in the closet. SIMON (on phone)
60) 4) text: You're going to a wedding?...What is it, a rave? From the wall, KNOCKING. Simon and Marcus look to a door the window. SIMON (on phone)
60) 5) text: No, I know Claire...Are you going to fuck her? Simon points at the KNOCKING door. Marcus finally opens i reveal a 12 year-old BOY in the adjoining hotel room. BOY
60) 7) text: This is our room. Simon leans around to look.
61) 0) text: Simon and Marcus are fully macked out. Marcus adjusts the shoulders of his bright yellow jacket. SIMON Did I mention how much I like your jacket? MARCUS No. SIMON There's a reason.
62) 0) text: Simon finds Marcus at a blackjack table. SIMON Let me borrow some money. MARCUS Where's your money? SIMON I lost it
62) 1) text: The DEALER is waiting for Marcus to play. He takes a card bust. MARCUS We've been here five minutes. SIMON I was playing this game at a hundred dollar table and I didn't understand it, but now I do. I think I figured out how to beat it. MARCUS Let me see your wallet.
63) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS: Simon wanders, bored. He hits on a WOMAN a the nickel slots. When she rebuffs him, he turns his atte to the COCKTAIL WAITRESS.
64) 0) text: Simon wanders amid the GUESTS spilling out of the Shapiro wedding reception. He helps himself to a glass of champag
65) 0) text: Simon shares the elevator with drunken bridesmaids BECKY GOLDMAN and REBECCA GOLDSTIEN. Both are 19. BECKY Okay, if you're from over there, then where did you meet these friends? Of yours. Who I don't see. SIMON They already knew each utter, but Marcus I met in traffic school.
65) 1) text: His accent is suddenly Irish. It's weirdly charming. REBECCA (mocking) Een traffic skewl? SIMON I'm a good driver, I am. I learned everything from American television. Hunter, Magnum P.I. -- The Knight Rider is an excellent program.
66) 1) text: Otherwise, I can't hold it in. Simon hands her the pipe and the lighter. Rebecca blows a perfect smoke ring at Simon. He smiles, a little smoke escaping. She leans close and kisses him. So at first, then harder. They're a few beats into it when.. BECKY
66) 2) text: Oh my God! Her kleenex is on fire, flames in each nostril. Hands wav she stands up. Snorts hard. The plugs shoot out, landing the carpet, which begins to smolder. Simon stamps the fla out. REBECCA
66) 3) text: You're fine. You're fine. Becky is crying. REBECCA (to Simon)
66) 4) text: Tell her she's fine. SIMON
67) 0) text: Simon slides between the two Beckys, three naked bodies clenching and releasing.
67) 1) dialog: breathing harder and faster, faster, until he suddenly st The expression on his face is agonizing, like a tightrope walker about to lose his balance. The Beckys stop to watc him, worried he might be hurt. Finally, he breathes again.
67) 5) text: He shakes his head. BECKY Why not? SIMON Tantra, baby.
68) 0) text: In the elevator on the right, Simon jabs at the button wh getting his jeans on. As his doors slide closed, the left elevator opens, revealing hotel SECURITY.
70) 0) text: Not breaking his stride, Simon catches Marcus coming out restroom. SIMON Hey. We're leaving.
71) 0) text: Seething, Marcus joins Simon in line for a cab. A white Ferrari pulls up to the curb beside them. The FERRARI MAN tosses the keys at Marcus, who can't help but catch them. FERRARI MAN Keep it close and there's an extra ten bucks for you.
71) 1) text: He slips Marcus a five as he rushes into the casino. A be Simon is cracking up. As we REVERSE, we see the valets ar wearing the same yellow sportcoat as Marcus. MARCUS Get in. Get in the car. Get in.
72) 0) text: Top off, wind whipping. Marcus downshifts, letting the en RACE as he passes another sports car. The STEREO is blast Pale and dazed, Simon tries to light a cigarette. It blow of his fingers. It was his last. He adjusts himself in hi seat, uncomfortable. SIMON (shouting over noise) Question. When you're doing tantra, you hold it in at the end, right?
72) 5) text: Marcus looks over to Simon, who is trying to get his brea
73) 1) text: Simon goes through the glove compartment. Amid the condom parking tickets, he finds one. SIMON Orange County.
73) 3) dialog: Holy shit.
73) 4) text: Marcus looks over. Simon gently pulls out a 9mm Baretta. Fascinated, he turns it over in his hands. Marcus tries t keep an eye on the road. MARCUS Don't point it at me! SIMON How do I know if it's loaded? MARCUS First, you stop pointing it at me.
73) 5) text: Simon aims the other way, out the window. As they drive through an intersection, they pass a car full of LOCALS. MARCUS Floor. Floor!
73) 10) text: Marcus removes the clip, hands it over. Simon counts the bullets. SIMON I hold ten men's lives in my hand. MARCUS It's a nine millimeter. It doesn't have stopping power. SIMON Right. For that you'd need Magnum Force.
74) 0) text: At a pull-up payphone, Marcus is looking through the map phone book. Simon is still fondling the gun. SIMON This is why I came here. This is America. I'm serious. You want to take one symbol for all of America, it's not the flag or the hawk... MARCUS ...eagle... SIMON ...or the automobile. America is about a man and a gun. (MORE)
74) 5) text: He tears a page out of the phone book. SIMON You're certain? MARCUS The E.R.A. was this chick thing in the `70s. SIMON Chicks with guns?
77) 0) text: Sodium vapor lights BUZZ overhead. Simon adjusts somethin his coat while Marcus locks the Ferrari. APPROACHING THE ENTRANCE... MARCUS
77) 1) text: Listen up. They're going to ask if you want buy a bottle of champagne. You don't, but don't say that right off. SIMON
77) 3) text: Champagne means you want a private dance. You can't afford it, neither can I. But if they know we're not biting, they don't even dangle the bait. SIMON
77) 9) text: At the door, Marcus stops Simon before he goes in. MARCUS We have one word, champagne. You can order anything you want, anything, as long as it's not champagne.
78) 0) text: Pitch black except for tiny Christmas lights. To Simon's a skanky MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE plays video poker. At the bar Marcus SHOUTS to the BARTENDER -- the MUSIC is deafening. Out of the shadows, two dancers approach. They split up, blonde HOLLY taking Simon, while brunette NOELLE heads fo Marcus. Holly offers Simon a hand, they shake. She leans close to into his ear. He smiles. Noelle taps Marcus on the shoulder, ducks to the other si playfully. Takes a sip of his drink. Simon points to Marcus. Holly nods, feeling the fabric of shirt. Noelle laughs at something Marcus said. Holly measures her hand against Simon's, rubs it against neck. He is staring at her magnificent breasts. At Noelle's urging, Marcus flexes his bicep. Noelle flutt We come in CLOSE as Holly leans over to say something. Si speaks first... SIMON I'd like to buy your most expensive bottle of champagne.
79) 0) text: A curtain at the end, blue light overhead. Holly leads th with a bottle of champagne. Noelle follows with glasses. Behind them, the guys. Marcus gives Simon a look. Simon shrugs it off.
79) 4) text: Marcus looks to Simon, who hands over the gold card. Vic reads them the boilerplate... VIC JR. This is a gentlemen's club. You are expected to behave as gentlemen. I will be giving you one rule. If you break this rule, I will break your arm. Are we clear? MARCUS Yes. VIC JR. The ladies can touch you. You cannot touch them. At any point, for any reason. Is this clear? SIMON Crystal. VIC JR. Enjoy your evening.
80) 0) text: A mirrored ball spins overhead, stars racing across the b paneling. Holly nudges Simon into his chair. He and Marcu sit back to back. As the champage POPS, we move into a series of overlappin shots: Noelle licks the foam from Holly's fingers. Holly rubs the bottle against herself, pours. Noelle and Holly dance together, a tinsel ribbon around t Simon adjusts himself in the crotch. Noelle lights a cigar for Marcus as Holly dances alone. Holly lifts her miniskirt to reveal a g-string. Simon cranes his neck back, banging heads with Marcus.
80) 5) text: Simon tumbles off his chair, scrambling. VIC JR. What the fuck did I tell you!
80) 6) text: He kicks Simon in the ass. MARCUS Yo. Yo! He fucked up, he lost control. VIC JR. Am I talking to you? I'm talking to your faggot friend here.
80) 7) text: He kicks Simon again. Holly and Noelle stand in the corne This has happened a hundred times. MARCUS We're leaving.
80) 12) text: Vic Jr. WHACKS Marcus, an old-fashioned bitch slap. A bea Marcus tries to keep the rage down. Feels his nose bleedi He backs away, but Vic Jr. keeps coming. Suddenly... A GUNSHOT. SCREAMS. For a beat, no one's sure what happened. We look around t Marcus. Vic Jr. Holly. Noelle. Then finally Simon. He just fired. The gun is steady in his hand. Marcus checks his shirt. A spray of blood. Vic Jr. checks his arm. It's bleeding. We HOLD for a moment, the mirrored ball still spinning overhead. SIMON Everybody back the fuck away.
80) 19) text: Behind you. A fire escape door. Simon motions for Marcus to come. Pus the bar, no alarm sounds. They back out, into the night. door swings shut. A beat. Suddenly, an MAN charges in with a silver .45. He is Vic 60, owner and proprietor. You don't fuck with Victor. VICTOR
82) 4) text: Marcus slams on the brakes. MARCUS It has your fingerprints on it. SIMON Oh shit.
82) 5) text: Craning around, Simon looks for it in the street. Marcus the car up. Suddenly, a phone RINGS. Lights flicker on th car phone. SIMON Do we answer?
82) 6) text: Marcus brakes again. The phone keeps RINGING. MARCUS It's probably Orange County asking where the hell his car is. SIMON It's a cell phone. They can trace where we are even if we don't answer. MARCUS Get the gun. Go. Find it.
82) 7) text: Simon climbs out and starts looking, crouching to look un cars. In the Ferrari, Marcus sits back and kicks the phone with boot, over and over until it stops, dead. For a moment, silence. Then the car's ALARM starts going off.     Marcus SCREAMS frustration. He punches buttons on the     keychain, but will quiet it. He tries the key in the     ignition. It w turn over. Climbing out of the car, he     kicks it with might. Simon finds the gun, crawling under a truck to get it.
87) 0) text: Climbing out of a cab, Marcus throws two bills at the DRI Simon is already running down the sidewalk.
88) 0) text: Simon furiously pounds the elevator button. With a DING, finally open. He and Marcus get on. The doors shut. In the same shot, we WHIP BACK to look at the lobby, wher Victor and Vic Jr. have just entered. They walk calmly bu quickly.
90) 0) text: Marcus and Simon burst in like a cyclone. Marcus grabs hi clothes out of the closet. MARCUS All right, listen up. We're leaving in 30 seconds. Grab what you can. TINY What the fuck?
90) 1) text: Simon tosses Singh his wallet, pockets the keys. MARCUS Just do it. Now!
90) 6) text: Simon steps gingerly to the door, looks out the peephole. HIS P.O.V. A fleshy hand blocks the fisheye.
92) 0) text: Simon backs away from the door, freaking out. Marcus chec the windows. They're eight stories above a parking lot. Tiny knocks on the door to the adjoining room TINY (low) Hey. Kid.
95) 0) text: The door knob jiggles. WHIP back to the guys. Tiny finally chips in. Simon shoves the cash in a wad und the door. They wait.
98) 4) text: The boy nods. Marcus drops him. Simon opens the hallway d a crack. It's clear. On the count of three, they go. We stay with the boy, who sits back against the windows, excited and rich. There's a KNOCK at the adjoining door. boy tucks the money away. With a BOOM, we hear the door being kicked open. It only four blows. BOY (pointing) Down the hall. That way.
100) 1) dialog: I got `em.
100) 2) text: As Simon unlocks the door, the other three look at each o should he really be driving?
101) 0) text: A line of cars wait to pay at the booth. Simon slams on t brakes. Looking out the back window, Marcus sees the brig lights of the Ram Charger approaching. MARCUS They're right behind us.
101) 5) text: In answer to his question, the Ram Charger SLAMS into the of the Cadillac. Simon cranks the wheel, barely avoiding car ahead of him. Not slowing, Simon aims for the entrance lane, where the coming down behind a small Nissan. Threading the needle, makes it past the car and the gate. The Ram Charger smash through the bar.
104) 2) text: There's a police car waiting at the stoplight.         Si brakes, just short of a SQUEAL. They stop in a         mi next to the cop. Simon and Marcus look over to         th trying to be calm. Singh and Tiny peer out the         ba The Ram Charger slowly approaches, no hurry. In the squad the Officer takes a radio call. Drunken TOURISTS walk pas The crosswalk switches to a flashing red hand. SIMON How did they find us? MARCUS It's their town. I'm sure they have people.
105) 0) text: The Cadillac takes a corner hard, fishtailing into oncomi traffic. Tiny SCREAMS. Simon pulls it back into the lane. the rear-view mirror, we see the Ram Charger, gaining. MARCUS
105) 1) text: We have to get off the major streets. Take a right up here. No, not here! It's too late. Simon mistook an alley for an actual road. SIMON
105) 2) text: Hold on. Aiming for the alley, Simon hits a curb on the way in. Si head BANGS against the roof. The passenger-side mirror smashes off against the wall. TINY
106) 0) text: Just inches of clearance on either side, the alley runs b a series of strip malls and office buildings. There's onl way out -- Simon's aiming for the boulevard on the far si SINGH (looking out back)
106) 8) text: The sweeper is already halfway across the alley. Singh br for impact. Somehow, Simon still thinks he can clear it. MARCUS
107) 0) text: The abrupt stop sends Tiny flying into the front seat, wh his head SMACKS against the dash. Marcus's seat breaks, PINNING him. He pushes back, but Singh YELPS in protest. Simon blinks, trying to figure out if he's alive. With Ti bleeding head on his lap, he shifts into reverse.
109) 0) text: Shifting gears, Simon tries to rock the car back and fort making no progress. Looking over his seat, Marcus sees th giant pickup heading right for them. The headlights are b enough to cast shadows. Forcing back the seat, Marcus stands up through the open sunroof. Aims and FIRES. Once. Twice. Three times.
112) 0) text: Clearing the end of the alley, Simon punches the gas.
116) 0) text: Simon fights to regain control, the    street outside a b Over his shoulder, an oncoming Yugo    can't stop fast en The little car hits just in front of    the tire, sending Cadillac spinning back the opposite    direction. Tiny's unconscious body flies out the passenger window. Marcus and Singh both grab hold. As Simon rights the spin Cadillac brushes past the green street sweeper, still hum along. Marcus and Singh pull Tiny back in, inches away fr decapitation. Simon finally settles into a lane, checking the rear-view mirror.
120) 2) text: You had sex with two women? Simon ignores them, still checking his rear-view mirror. SIMON
120) 8) text: Simon checks the mirror, checks the road. With a deep bre he tries to believe. But doesn't.
122) 0) text: Off-screen, a SOAP OPERA plays. Claire leans beside Simon. His eyes track Ronna as she pa
122) 4) text: At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials. Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. We stay back with Claire sets to work opening a box of expired cookies. She half-listens as Ronna and Simon have their discussion the lockers, then at the time clock. Simon follows Ronna out into the alley. Claire takes a seat atop a crappy console TV, eating an o cookie. The VOICES on the soap opera seem familiar. MALE VOICE #1 I'm not the man you're looking for. MALE VOICE #2 We both know you were on the pier. You saw what happened to Carmen.
162) 0) text: Gaines draws a map for Victor on the coffee table. GAINES Simon's apartment is around the back -- the gate's always open. Now, you're going to take Sunset to Hyperion.
162) 2) text: Gaines gives her a look. Victor takes the map and folds i He hands Gaines back his credit card. Just then, we hear a SOUND at the door -- a gentle KNOCK. eyes go to look. CLOSE ON the doorknob, someone trying it. It's unlocked. TILT UP to reveal the opener is actually... SIMON. He charges right into the room, shutting the door behind SIMON Todd, listen, I need hide out here. You won't believe the shit we got into in...
162) 7) text: Victor hands the gun off to Vic Jr., who rests it at the of Simon's head. Simon is moments away from execution. All at once...
162) 9) text: Vic Jr. COCKS the gun. Simon SQUEALS. At the last moment. CLAIRE Wait! Stop! STOP! You can't do this! You won't get away with it!
163) 0) text: Sitting in the green chair, Simon makes an `X' on his bic with a marker. He feels for the bone. SIMON
163) 1) text: It's all flesh here, it should be okay. Gaines and the Vics stand around him. In the background, Claire is dubious and horrified. Vic Jr. puts Todd's gun to the `X.' Gaines hands Simon a to mop up the blood. SIMON
163) 11) text: Look, now the girl's leaving. SIMON                                                   *
164) 0) text: Claire shuts the door behind her. As she's headed for the steps, we hear a GUNSHOT. She flinches but keeps walking. SIMON [O.S.]
176) 0) text: Simon awakes to POUNDING at the front door. He stands and turns, disoriented, no idea when or where he is. He final finds a clock -- it's 4:14 in the afternoon. More POUNDING at the door. Simon half-crawls to the windo looking out to see who's at the door. HIS P.O.V. From this angle, all we can see is the sleeve of a man's jacket. SIMON (tentatively) Who is it?
176) 3) text: A beat, then Simon finally drops his panic. He keeps the in hand as he pulls the chair away from the doorknob and undoes the lock. He leaves the chain on. Looking out through the crack, we see Gaines, alone. SIMON Jesus, Todd. Thank God. (undoes chain) You won't believe the shit I've been through...
176) 4) text: Without a word, Gaines grabs him by the collar and SMASHE one punch to the face. Simon falls in a dazed lump to the floor. We stay down with him as we watch Gaines walk away Simon blinks and sniffles as we once again