57) 0) text: A massive land yacht from the pre-Embargo era. SINGH (23) driving, nursing a beer. Marcus reads a magazine. Tiny ta from the enormous back seat, where Simon is recuperating. TINY
57) 1) text: So this chick, she's bobbing up and down on my dick like she's fucking Marilyn Chambers. SINGH
57) 6) text: What, my dick? SINGH
57) 15) text: Singh MOANS, not again. MARCUS What nigger? This nigger? TINY My mother's mother's mother was black. MARCUS So you say, yet we have never seen a picture of this Ebonic woman. SINGH Stop. Truce. MARCUS If you were any less black, you would be clear. SIMON (moaning) Stop. MARCUS Look at your skin. TINY I see black because I know I am. Color is a state of mind. MARCUS Thank you Rhythm Nation.
58) 4) text: Tantric sexuality for couples. SINGH
58) 8) text: This shit is expensive. You're paying five bucks for lettuce and seeds and shit. Tiny up-ends the rest of the shrimp cocktail onto his pla Pissed, Singh scoops away a handful for himself.
58) 14) dialog: Holy shit! TINY How many times you shoot?
58) 21) text: Call me old school, but I am still down with coming and going. Am I right? Singh agrees. Simon, however, is still intrigued.
60) 0) text: Doubled over, Tiny BANGS on the bathroom door. Singh emer pale and sweating. He steps over Tiny, who crawls in. Han up his clothes, Marcus waves away the smell. Singh MOANS, lying down on a bed. MARCUS
60) 1) text: Did I tell you not to eat the shrimp? SINGH
75) 0) text: Tiny lies on the bed, watching a bad hotel porno. Singh c out of the bathroom, pale and shivering.
75) 1) dialog: Kill me. TINY I ain't your bitch. Kill yourself.
85) 1) text: Singh is propped up on one of the beds. He's just this si death. Toilet FLUSHING. Tiny comes out of the bathroom, t the other bed. ANNOUNCER [V.O.] Steve decided to try his hand at craps.
85) 5) text: He hangs up. SINGH Who was that? TINY Some shit, I dunno.
90) 1) text: Simon tosses Singh his wallet, pockets the keys. MARCUS Just do it. Now!
98) 0) text: Singh has his ear to the door. SINGH (whisper) They're in.
100) 0) text: Running to the Cadillac, Singh feels for his keys.
104) 2) text: There's a police car waiting at the stoplight.         Si brakes, just short of a SQUEAL. They stop in a         mi next to the cop. Simon and Marcus look over to         th trying to be calm. Singh and Tiny peer out the         ba The Ram Charger slowly approaches, no hurry. In the squad the Officer takes a radio call. Drunken TOURISTS walk pas The crosswalk switches to a flashing red hand. SIMON How did they find us? MARCUS It's their town. I'm sure they have people.
104) 3) text: The Ram Charger pulls in right behind the Cadillac. It's tall, all we see are the blinding headlights through the window. Singh and Tiny slink down. Marcus checks the gun his lap.
106) 0) text: Just inches of clearance on either side, the alley runs b a series of strip malls and office buildings. There's onl way out -- Simon's aiming for the boulevard on the far si SINGH (looking out back)
106) 3) text: Shit. SINGH (looking back)
106) 8) text: The sweeper is already halfway across the alley. Singh br for impact. Somehow, Simon still thinks he can clear it. MARCUS
107) 0) text: The abrupt stop sends Tiny flying into the front seat, wh his head SMACKS against the dash. Marcus's seat breaks, PINNING him. He pushes back, but Singh YELPS in protest. Simon blinks, trying to figure out if he's alive. With Ti bleeding head on his lap, he shifts into reverse.
116) 0) text: Simon fights to regain control, the    street outside a b Over his shoulder, an oncoming Yugo    can't stop fast en The little car hits just in front of    the tire, sending Cadillac spinning back the opposite    direction. Tiny's unconscious body flies out the passenger window. Marcus and Singh both grab hold. As Simon rights the spin Cadillac brushes past the green street sweeper, still hum along. Marcus and Singh pull Tiny back in, inches away fr decapitation. Simon finally settles into a lane, checking the rear-view mirror.
120) 0) text: In the back seat, Tiny is propped up with a bloody shirt pressed to his head. Singh has his feet up to brace the b of Marcus's seat. SINGH