0) 0) text: A light rain and crickets CHIRPING. Somewhere in the nigh DANCE MUSIC is blaring, but here it's only a whisper with beat. Water trickles out of a jagged pipe. Splashing up mud, th riverlet weaves through hamburger wrappers and sunbleache beer cans, spent condoms and an old Spin magazine. The tiny stream ripples past glass and trash and the body woman. Face up, breathing. Dead grass caught in her braid Her name is RONNA MARTIN. She's eighteen and bleeding. Bleeding a lot. She tries to         push herself up, but the dirt around Her legs are         useless. Despite it all, there's a s perverse joy         to her face, like she's just remembe punchline to         a favorite joke.
12) 1) text: Todd? Shades drawn, the room is completely insulated from reali The light bulbs have been markered over, casting eerie po red and green light. Broken CD's dangle off a tiny Christ tree by the stereo. Slacker seasonalism. GAINES (O.S.)
56) 0) text: TINY Mo'fuckin Jack-in-the-box.
56) 1) text: TINY (19) is not black, but thinks he is. Simon climbs out of the trunk and does a face-plant in th gravel. He's shit-faced drunk. MARCUS Dude, you passed out before we left L.A.
56) 2) text: MARCUS (24) was a tailback at UCLA, and still has the bui He is black, and has no confusion over this matter. Simon is about to reply when he suddenly HEAVES. Everyone backs away. Tiny takes the tire iron, puts it to the side the trunk. He starts cranking it while HUMMING "Pop Goes Weasel," ending with... TINY Pop! Goes the asshole.
57) 0) text: A massive land yacht from the pre-Embargo era. SINGH (23) driving, nursing a beer. Marcus reads a magazine. Tiny ta from the enormous back seat, where Simon is recuperating. TINY
57) 2) text: She actually found your dick? TINY (ignoring)
57) 3) text: Then she starts going around the ouside-- you know, painting the tree--when WHACK! It hits her in the eye. And her contact, it's like stuck on my dick. The passengers don't seem impressed. TINY
57) 5) text: Was it hard or soft? TINY
57) 8) text: Do you remember if it was a colored lens? That she used to have two blue eyes and now she had one blue and one brown? TINY
57) 14) text: A beat. And another. The matter just won't drop. TINY Yo, pull your stinky dinky out of my ass. I was just trying to make conversation. Fuck. Give a nigger a break.
57) 15) text: Singh MOANS, not again. MARCUS What nigger? This nigger? TINY My mother's mother's mother was black. MARCUS So you say, yet we have never seen a picture of this Ebonic woman. SINGH Stop. Truce. MARCUS If you were any less black, you would be clear. SIMON (moaning) Stop. MARCUS Look at your skin. TINY I see black because I know I am. Color is a state of mind. MARCUS Thank you Rhythm Nation.
58) 5) text: She teaches people how to fuck? TINY
58) 7) text: You shouldn't eat shrimp. It's loaded with iodine. TINY
58) 8) text: This shit is expensive. You're paying five bucks for lettuce and seeds and shit. Tiny up-ends the rest of the shrimp cocktail onto his pla Pissed, Singh scoops away a handful for himself.
60) 0) text: Doubled over, Tiny BANGS on the bathroom door. Singh emer pale and sweating. He steps over Tiny, who crawls in. Han up his clothes, Marcus waves away the smell. Singh MOANS, lying down on a bed. MARCUS
75) 0) text: Tiny lies on the bed, watching a bad hotel porno. Singh c out of the bathroom, pale and shivering.
75) 2) text: KNOCKING at the adjoining room door. They try to ignore i but it's relentless. Finally, Tiny answers it. TINY What the fuck?
75) 3) text: It's the same boy. BOY You got some smoke? TINY You got some pubic hair yet?
76) 1) text: She's not my mom. Tiny rummages through the open suitcases, finally finding bottle of Pepto-Bismol. He cracks the seal and drinks hal it on the spot. BOY
76) 2) text: Are you on heroin? Are you kicking? TINY
76) 3) text: I'm kicking your ass if you knock again. Tiny goes back into the other room, pulling the door shut BOY
78) 0) text: Pitch black except for tiny Christmas lights. To Simon's a skanky MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE plays video poker. At the bar Marcus SHOUTS to the BARTENDER -- the MUSIC is deafening. Out of the shadows, two dancers approach. They split up, blonde HOLLY taking Simon, while brunette NOELLE heads fo Marcus. Holly offers Simon a hand, they shake. She leans close to into his ear. He smiles. Noelle taps Marcus on the shoulder, ducks to the other si playfully. Takes a sip of his drink. Simon points to Marcus. Holly nods, feeling the fabric of shirt. Noelle laughs at something Marcus said. Holly measures her hand against Simon's, rubs it against neck. He is staring at her magnificent breasts. At Noelle's urging, Marcus flexes his bicep. Noelle flutt We come in CLOSE as Holly leans over to say something. Si speaks first... SIMON I'd like to buy your most expensive bottle of champagne.
84) 0) text: Pale and dehydrated, Tiny sits on the toilet. He HUMS the theme to "I Dream of Jeannie."
85) 1) text: Singh is propped up on one of the beds. He's just this si death. Toilet FLUSHING. Tiny comes out of the bathroom, t the other bed. ANNOUNCER [V.O.] Steve decided to try his hand at craps.
85) 5) text: He hangs up. SINGH Who was that? TINY Some shit, I dunno.
90) 0) text: Marcus and Simon burst in like a cyclone. Marcus grabs hi clothes out of the closet. MARCUS All right, listen up. We're leaving in 30 seconds. Grab what you can. TINY What the fuck?
90) 2) text: The panic is contagious. After a stunned beat, Tiny and S start moving, putting on shoes and restuffing suitcases. A KNOCK at the door. Everyone freezes. More KNOCKING.
92) 0) text: Simon backs away from the door, freaking out. Marcus chec the windows. They're eight stories above a parking lot. Tiny knocks on the door to the adjoining room TINY (low) Hey. Kid.
93) 0) text: The kids mutes the TV. TINY (O.S.) Kid. Open up the door. BOY Fuck you.
93) 1) text: TINY Look, I'm really sorry, you know? It's just, it would be really swell if you would open this door. Now. It's kind of an emergency. BOY Hundred bucks. TINY Fuck!
95) 0) text: The door knob jiggles. WHIP back to the guys. Tiny finally chips in. Simon shoves the cash in a wad und the door. They wait.
95) 2) dialog: Open now!
97) 1) dialog: Fuck!
101) 4) dialog: Who?
104) 2) text: There's a police car waiting at the stoplight.         Si brakes, just short of a SQUEAL. They stop in a         mi next to the cop. Simon and Marcus look over to         th trying to be calm. Singh and Tiny peer out the         ba The Ram Charger slowly approaches, no hurry. In the squad the Officer takes a radio call. Drunken TOURISTS walk pas The crosswalk switches to a flashing red hand. SIMON How did they find us? MARCUS It's their town. I'm sure they have people.
104) 3) text: The Ram Charger pulls in right behind the Cadillac. It's tall, all we see are the blinding headlights through the window. Singh and Tiny slink down. Marcus checks the gun his lap.
105) 0) text: The Cadillac takes a corner hard, fishtailing into oncomi traffic. Tiny SCREAMS. Simon pulls it back into the lane. the rear-view mirror, we see the Ram Charger, gaining. MARCUS
105) 2) text: Hold on. Aiming for the alley, Simon hits a curb on the way in. Si head BANGS against the roof. The passenger-side mirror smashes off against the wall. TINY
107) 0) text: The abrupt stop sends Tiny flying into the front seat, wh his head SMACKS against the dash. Marcus's seat breaks, PINNING him. He pushes back, but Singh YELPS in protest. Simon blinks, trying to figure out if he's alive. With Ti bleeding head on his lap, he shifts into reverse.
116) 0) text: Simon fights to regain control, the    street outside a b Over his shoulder, an oncoming Yugo    can't stop fast en The little car hits just in front of    the tire, sending Cadillac spinning back the opposite    direction. Tiny's unconscious body flies out the passenger window. Marcus and Singh both grab hold. As Simon rights the spin Cadillac brushes past the green street sweeper, still hum along. Marcus and Singh pull Tiny back in, inches away fr decapitation. Simon finally settles into a lane, checking the rear-view mirror.
120) 0) text: In the back seat, Tiny is propped up with a bloody shirt pressed to his head. Singh has his feet up to brace the b of Marcus's seat. SINGH
120) 1) text: Just so we're clear. You stole a car, shot a bouncer, and had sex with two women? TINY
148) 0) text: The tiny Miata maneuvers through the badly organized park lot, trying to find the way out.