8) 14) text: She's not going to rise to the bait. Zack looks over at A then to Ronna. ZACK Say... (checks nametag) Ronna. You don't know where we could get something to go with this orange juice, do you? RONNA Doughnuts, aisle four. ZACK But then you get the weird taste in your mouth. I was thinking something a little more euphoric. The British guy usually hooks us up.
8) 15) text: She stops bagging. Looks at Adam. At Zack. RONNA How much? ZACK Twenty at twenty. RONNA You're overpaying. ZACK We're desperate. A bunch of us are going to this party tonight, this warehouse thing...
8) 20) text: And we had planned this kinda pre-party. Only there's 20 of us, it's like all or nothing. Switterman walks down the end of the aisle, headed for th manager's desk. ZACK (low)
8) 21) text: A friend was supposed to get the stuff in Chicago, but now he's snowed in. So if you could help us out here... All three watch Switterman pass. It gives Ronna a beat to think. She hands Zack a post-it note and a pen.
8) 25) text: Gimme a number. Let me see what I can do. ZACK
16) 2) text: Only now do we TURN to see Adam and Zack standing nearby, trying to look cool. Their house is spartan even by frat- standards, just goodwill furniture and as-is Ikea. BURKE (O.S.) Hey. What can I get you to drink? RONNA Some of that orange juice would be great.
16) 3) text: Burke does a hepcat swing through the kitchen door, leavi Ronna alone with Adam and Zack. ZACK So this party tonight sounds like it's gonna be huge.
16) 10) text: Ronna hun, we are fresh out of o.j... Adam looks at Zack. Ronna catches it. BURKE (back thru door)
16) 14) text: Now, Zack tells me you got 20 at 20, is that right? RONNA (suddenly)
16) 16) text: Down the hall on the right. ZACK
16) 29) text: Just wait here. Keep it calm. Burke walks off camera, headed for the hall. Zack hangs h head. Adam looks up at the camera.
25) 6) text: Zack chokes a laugh. Burke stares right through her. Ronn swigs her beer like a trucker. RONNA Did you know I'm only 17?
122) 9) text: I don't care how many high-priced lawyers you bring in. Eden Valley will never stand for your kind of scum. As the MUSIC rises, we PUSH IN on Zack. PUSH IN on Adam. TV image FADES OUT.
123) 0) text: Adam stands mostly naked, his shirt off his shoulders and around his ankles. Loop -- the white dreadlocked guy -- retapes a transmitte his thigh. A wire runs up to a microphone on his chest. Zack and Burke are by the door, watching. The bathroom is really cramped. BURKE
123) 7) text: Whoever was trying to come in gives up. Burke pulls a col sweatshirt out of a shopping bag, hands it to Zack. Motio that he's supposed to wear it. As he's putting it on... ZACK Just so we're clear. Whether you get something on this guy or not, Adam and I are done today. Finished. Charges dropped. That's how it works, right?
123) 8) text: Burke smiles, an amused roll of the eyes. ZACK What? BURKE Seems to me, if a guy's so concerned about the legal process, how come he finds himself getting busted for possession?
123) 9) text: Adam and Zack share a look. A beat. BURKE Relax. I sign your form and the whole thing goes away. Your lawyer got you a good deal.
124) 13) text: Some of the pussy power. Zack offers Loop a napkin. He passes. ADAM
124) 16) text: Nothing legal. Draining the rest of his Coke, Burke gets up to dump his BURKE (to Zack)
124) 17) text: How about you? ZACK
126) 0) text: Burke and Zack listen to a radio recorder. ADAM [CONT'D, FILTERED]
126) 3) text: So, Zack. What does your girlfriend look like? ZACK
126) 5) text: Hot. ZACK
126) 7) text: She faithful? ZACK
126) 9) text: You faithful? ZACK
127) 1) text: Zack's girlfriend is fucking around on him. LOOP
127) 2) text: Man, I'm sorry. How did you find out? ON ADAM, corner of his eye. ZACK
127) 5) text: Absolutely. Tell us. There's a palpable tension between Adam and Zack. The oth don't see it. ZACK
127) 7) text: What, red socks, blue socks? ZACK
127) 9) text: You hear that? We got John Sherlock Holmes in the car here. We pull into the parking lot of THE GROCERY STORE. Adam turns on Zack.
128) 0) text: At the refrigerator section, both Adam and Zack reach for orange juice. Both back off. Adam motions, after you. ADAM So, Zack. Do you know who your girlfriend's fucking?
128) 1) text: He over-articulates, as if speaking for a Learn English N tape. Zack does likewise. Their animosity is palpable. ZACK No, Adam. I do not. I have suspicions. Mostly former boyfriends who keep calling. ADAM What a coincidence. I have the exact same problem with my girlfriend. In fact, I think she's been sleeping around on me, too. ZACK Isn't it ironic.
128) 3) text: Zack's glare could strip paint. As Adam and Zack head for the front, we REVERSE to find M and Claire, who have been watching the spat while restock CLAIRE Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.
129) 0) text: Zack pushes the cart past the checkstands, looking at eac CASHIER -- they're all female. Adam is starting to panic. near whispers... ADAM
129) 1) text: He's not here. What are we supposed to do? He's not here. ZACK
129) 3) text: Why me? ZACK
129) 4) text: You look more wholesome. Just improv. He steers the cart into Ronna's checkstand, where she's waiting on a Clutchy Old Woman who eyes everything suspiciously. Zack pulls out his cell phone, fake dials. ADAM
129) 5) text: Who are you calling? ZACK
130) 0) text: Adam and Zack approach on either side of the car, get in back. Burke and Loop are waiting. ADAM
130) 5) text: Maybe. ZACK
133) 0) text: Burke is watching through binoculars. Adam, Zack and Loop in the car with him. BURKE Now they're both going. What's up with that?
134) 0) text: Adam and Zack stand around as Burke gets the house ready, moving furniture and poofing pillows, as if it's remotely believable. ZACK So if she gets the stuff, what, you arrest her? BURKE We try to bring her over. (beat) See, we arrest her and then what? One crack whore off the street. So we cut her a deal. She helps us get this guy. We cut him a deal. He helps us get the guy above him. It's just like what happened with you. ZACK So, sooner or later, everybody's working for The Man. BURKE Exactly.
134) 9) text: If she's making this deal, she's a dealer. Doesn't matter if its her first or her last. We stay on Zack, unconvinced.
135) 0) text: Zack looks over as Burke comes out of the kitchen. BURKE
135) 3) text: Now, Zack tells me you got 20 at 20, is that right? RONNA (suddenly)
135) 5) text: Down the hall on the right. ZACK
135) 8) text: Go. Ronna sees it. Her eyes go wider. Zack nods.
136) 0) text: Burke SLAMS Zack up against the wall, twisting an arm beh him. He kicks his feet apart, then starts to cuff him. Za is in considerable pain. BURKE (to Adam) Now watch what I do with his wrist. I twist it away while I put on the second cuff. That way he can't go after me. He doesn't have any leverage.
136) 1) text: He releases his hold on Zack, his hands cuffed behind him BURKE I watch all these cop shows and they never do it right. Pisses me off.
136) 3) text: He rubs Zack's stomach. BURKE You could scrub laundry on these. LOOP (re: box) Full hands.
136) 12) text: You did your part. ZACK (relieved)
136) 15) text: See, my wife and I -- Irene, she's my wife -- we're both working on Christmas so we're gonna have Christmas dinner tonight. And I was thinking, maybe you guys would want to come over, eat some dinner with us. My wife is great, you'll love her, then I'll sign your form. How does that sound? A beat. ZACK
136) 17) text: You did? ZACK
136) 19) text: With your girlfriend? ZACK
136) 22) text: Wow, I can't believe I forgot this. I saw your girlfriend this morning, and she asked me to tell you that she couldn't make your plans tonight. Zack stares at Adam, a "why are you doing this" look.
137) 0) text: Zack hits the alarm for his red Miata, which BWOOPS. He a Adam walk to the door, hostility simmering. A prefab Nativity scene glows beside the front door. Adam pushes the doorbell, which CHIMES "Hark Ye Herald Angels Sing." Horrified, Zack turns to leave. Adam stops him.
140) 0) text: We hear a toilet FLUSH. Zack emerges from the bathroom to Burke stark naked, rubbing his hands over his body. ZACK
140) 3) text: Smell this. What does it smell like? Zack shakes his head, doesn't know. BURKE
140) 8) dialog: Really. BURKE I get this for a quarter what that stuff costs.
140) 9) dialog: It's nice.
140) 11) text: He sprays some on Zack's hands, who didn't want it. While Burke turns to get some underwear, Zack tries to rub it o the bedspread. BURKE (re: bedspread) It's down. So is the liner. ZACK It is soft.
140) 13) text: Burke pushes Zack back flat the bed. BURKE Did you hear that?
140) 14) dialog: Hear what? BURKE Exactly. Individually wrapped springs. Top quality.
140) 15) text: Burke climbs onto the bed beside him. BURKE I could be doing aerobics over here and you wouldn't feel it. ZACK I sure wouldn't.
140) 20) text: So, Zack. Would you say you're open to new things?
141) 13) dialog: White.
142) 4) text: Zack looks to Adam. IRENE He makes it sound sinister. It's not. BURKE She's right. Okay, you've looked around our place. Where do you think we got most of this stuff?
142) 5) text: Adam and Zack shake their heads. IRENE Just guess.
142) 12) text: She crosses her fingers. So does Burke. We look to Zack, horrified. BURKE Now, as law enforcement officers, Irene and I can't recruit distributors from inside the force. It's against the rules and we'd get fired. So what we do is look for people in other industries... IRENE ...like the entertainment industry. ZACK Wait. (realizing) You want us to sell Amway. BURKE Confederated Products. It's a different company, different quality of product.
143) 0) text: Walking to the Miata, Adam takes the keys. Zack folds a f ZACK
144) 0) text: Adam checks a low shelf for the right brand of scotch. Za kneels beside him. ZACK
144) 2) text: Ditto. ZACK
144) 7) text: No. ZACK
144) 13) dialog: 
145) 5) text: She can't decide whether to close the door on them or not she only shuts it halfway. She pokes her head out the doo again. SANDRA You do know, don't you? ZACK We know. SANDRA I take no responsibilty. I was only an innocent bystander. But there was once where you missed each other by three minutes. It was so exciting.
145) 6) text: She finds what she was looking for on the back of the doo Peels off a printed card. SANDRA It's some sort of rave thing. ZACK (takes card) Mary Xmas Supafest. SANDRA He left an hour ago.
145) 7) text: Adam and Zack head back down the hall. She calls out afte them. SANDRA You're not going to kill him, are you? The little shit owes me rent.
146) 0) text: At the doors, BOUNCERS stamp hands. We move down the line people waiting to get in, stopping on Adam and Zack. ZACK Okay, I just have to say this. The thing is, about Jimmy, he wasn't even that good.
146) 4) text: Adam imitates the MOAN. ZACK Somewhere off Greenland, hunchback whales were beaching themselves. ADAM And the ear thing. Hello, I have Q-Tips. That's really not necessary. ZACK The only thing I will give him credit for is the oral. ADAM What do you mean? He was terrible. At some point I just had to stop him and correct years of bad technique. I had to take him by the ears and retrain him from the throat up.
146) 5) text: A beat. ZACK When was that? ADAM October, maybe? ZACK Early October. And he suddenly got so much better.
149) 0) text: Zack gives directions from the passenger seat. ZACK Right. This right. This right! (passing) That was the right you wanted.
149) 1) text: Adam ignores him, convinced he can get out this way. A be later, it dead-ends in a chain link fence. Zack points to his lips. He didn't say a word. Adam slams it in reverse, backtracking. He's doing about when suddenly we hear a loud THUMP! By instinct, he SLAMS on the brakes. Something CRASHES down on the soft roof. ZACK What the fuck!
149) 5) dialog: Oh my God. ADAM It's...It's that girl.
149) 6) dialog: Ronna.
149) 7) text: Her body continues its slide across the windshield, final resting on the hood. In a sort of spasm, Adam REVS back, shaking the body off. It drops beyond the headlights. Zack looks past Adam to see Gaines standing there, gun dr ZACK Go. Go. Go! ADAM What if she's...
149) 8) dialog: Go!
152) 0) text: Adam steadies his hands on the wheel. Zack passes him the scotch. He takes a gulp, passes it back. The energy is st revved up to 11 -- we don't let ourselves catch a breath.
152) 4) text: Adam takes another drink. ZACK On the plus side, the only witnesses are you, me and him. And none of us are going to want to be talking about it. So if you really think about it, it didn't turn out as badly as it could have. ADAM A girl is dead. ZACK (snaps) I didn't say it went perfectly.
152) 5) text: Adam gets out of the car, walks away. Zack takes another
154) 0) text: Zack dunks the squeegee back in the bucket. With a wad of paper towels, he cleans the hood of the car.
156) 0) text: Zack throws away the last of the towels as Adam approache With a finger to his lips, Adam holds out a mess of tape wires, all connected to a battery pack. It's the micropho was wearing. ZACK
156) 1) text: Holy sh... He stops himself. Adam throws the bundle as far as he can They keep their voices low anyway. ZACK
156) 3) text: Hello, they could have been recording it. Everything we said could be on tape somewhere. They would know we did it. A beat. ZACK (an idea)
156) 4) text: What if we were just running lines? For a scene? Adam won't even dignify that with an answer. A long momen just the BUZZ of the lights overhead. With an almost eeri calm... ZACK
157) 0) text: The Supafest is still RAGING in the distance. Adam digs through the trunk of the convertible, frantically rearran the junk inside. He keeps looking around the lid, waiting someone to sneak up on them. Zack watches Adam's fruitless arranging efforts. ZACK Stop. Okay, stop! ADAM What? ZACK It's a Miata.
157) 1) text: All Adam's effort, he's made enough room for a pizza. May ZACK We'll put her in the passenger seat. ADAM Where will I...Or you... ZACK In the passenger seat. Holding her up.
157) 2) text: Adam shudders at the thought. With a flashlight, Zack jumps down into the ditch. He nud Ronna's body with his foot. She's dead alright. He rolls the body over, grabbing under her arms. He tries hoist her up, but she's too heavy and the ditch is too de ZACK Little help? ADAM (not moving) I can't. ZACK What do you mean?
157) 6) text: Frustrated, Zack tries again to lug the body out. He can' it by himself. Meanwhile, Adam is starting to hyperventil tears swelling. ZACK Okay, listen to me... ADAM She's dead. ZACK She's not dead. ADAM She's dead. I hit her and I killed her.
157) 7) text: He looks around, expecting someone to walk up and see the ZACK No you didn't, okay? This is all just make-believe. This is a scene. She's just acting dead. And you're just acting scared.
157) 8) text: Adam laughs to himself, still crying. ZACK See, there's the lights, and there's the camera. Watch your blocking. (pointing) There's Michelle in wardrobe, say "Hi, Michelle!" ADAM Hi, Michelle. ZACK The craft service truck is right around the corner, and they have lots of little veggie burgers on the grill. And you can have one if you just help me finish this scene. (sniffing) Can you smell them? Can you smell them on the grill?
157) 13) text: Then take her fucking arms! Obeying, Adam grabs Ronna's wrists as Zack pushes from be Together they get the body out of the ditch. Zack climbs help maneuver her into the car. Just then... Ronna MOANS. Adam freaks out, dropping his side. Ronna's head hits the dirt. Louder MOANING. ADAM
157) 14) text: She's not dead. ZACK
157) 16) text: If she's not dead, that means we didn't kill her. We can just leave her. ZACK
157) 18) text: What do you mean, I killed her? ZACK
157) 19) text: Christ, I didn't mean it that way. C'mon. I would never testify against you. Adam is not reassured. ZACK
157) 21) text: In Plan A she was dead. Zack reaches into the car, pulling out The Club. Trades a with Adam, who finally acquieces. Almost says something, doesn't. They both look around, making sure no one's comi Zack grips the bar like a baseball bat. Adam turns his ba covering his ears. Zack raises the bar. Adam scrunches his face tight.
158) 4) dialog: look around from the edge of a van in the distance. ZACK
158) 10) text: Thunder RUMBLES overhead. Off Adam's look... ZACK Okay, approximately the right thing. In a half-assed, thrown-together fashion.
158) 11) text: Adam smiles despite himself. Zack points, "See? See?" Tha just makes Adam smile more. ZACK Home? ADAM Home.
177) 0) text: Adam and Zack scrub the Miata's upholstery with brushes a various cleaners, trying to get the bloodstains out. Zack stops for a moment, watching Adam. Adam looks up, what? Nothing. A quiet beat, the first moment of genuine affect between them. Suddenly we hear a BEEPING. We can't tell where it's comi from. Following the sound, Adam finds a mud-encrusted beeper we between the seat and the center console. He looks up to Z then checks the number.
177) 5) text: Answer me that, Danielle. If you have an answer. MUSIC rises, a scene cut. New MUSIC leads into... ZACK
177) 7) text: We both know you were on the pier. You saw what happened to Carmen. ZACK