64) 0) text: Jerry walks down the street, reading. A popular area, there are still quite a few people about. Suddenly the pages flutter in Jerry's hand.  Trash swirls at his feet.  He stops, slowly looks up as he hears the HELICOPTER. Black, no running lights, equipped with a sound damper. It descends quickly over the intersection.  Silky black cords drop.  Traffic snarls as CLEET COMMANDOS slide down. Four of them.  Plainclothed with discreet com-headsets. Wearing jackets, we catch glimpses of the equipment slung on their hips, including machine pistols.  Each has a 2X3 piece of paper taped to his wrist.  Like NFL quarterbacks with the plays, except the papers are photos of Jerry. The helicopter is gone so fast some people haven't even noticed.  The commandos disperse into the crowd, refer to their wrists as they advance in Jerry's direction. Jerry hightails it the opposite way, tries not to attract attention.  He pulls up in front of a movie theater as a second chopper swoops in to drop four more commandos at the south intersection.  The street has been sealed off. Jerry stands there a beat, not sure what to do. Something makes him look across the street where CLEET #1 pulls up, looks over at him.  As CLEET #1 refers to his wrist photo, Jerry dashes into the theater.
66) 0) text: Nearly a full house.  Jerry sits near the front, nervously looking back over his shoulder, watching the aisle. Four CLEETs appear silhouetted at the entrance.  As they start down, checking faces... As the manager drones, people head for the aisles.  Jerry moves for the emergency exit.  Sticking out like a sore thumb as the emergency door opens and a shadowy figure steps inside the alcove.  A CLEET commando. He spots Jerry, starts forward.
66) 1) dialog: (into com-set) He's in the third theater.
66) 4) text: As the cry of "Bomb!" gets taken up, panic spreads.  No one gets trampled, but the shoving is fierce.  As the CLEETs fight their way down, Jerry heads for the rear exit.  A few other patrons go that way as well.
67) 0) text: Jerry exits with a solid head-start, but as he turns there's a CLEET in the alley.  Checking faces -- not looking Jerry's way yet.  Jerry keeps close behind another patron, then darts out, swings the CLEET face first into the wall. As the CLEET draws his machine-pistol, Jerry slams his face once, twice into the wall.  As the CLEET drops, Jerry makes eye contact with a woman who watches aghast.
68) 0) text: A big crowd.  As police cars pull up, the CLEET commandos exchange a look.  Removing their headsets, they disperse, dissolving into the crowd like they were never even here.
116) 0) text: Hovering low, deploying its CLEET unit onto the bridge.
127) 71) text: Members of the CLEET Unit step in.  Two from either side. They grab Jerry, cuff him and start him toward the helicopter.
127) 73) text: CLEET #1 shoves her back.  Jerry dips, drives his shoulder into CLEET #1's back.  He looks back over his shoulder at Liza.  Not worried about himself.
127) 75) text: The CLEETs pound him.  The chopper touches down, the door thrown open.  As Wilson gets off, Jerry is hustled past him and onboard.
127) 77) text: Wilson looks back as the CHOPPER MOTOR REVS, the skids lift off the ground.  In the doorway, Jonas waves goodbye The helicopter rises -- revealing CLEET #5, Clark and Piper standing beyond.  They hold 9mms. As CLEET #5 SHOOTS Wilson TWICE in the chest, Liza turns and runs for the house.  They FIRE at her, then give chase.
129) 0) text: Liza turns the corner, runs alongside with CLEET #5 closing.  Liza throws a look back over her shoulder then ahead.  The rotten planking covering the well looms. Liza skirts one side, but CLEET #5 steps right into the middle of it.  CRASH!  As he disappears down...
140) 0) text: A sink and dirty mattress on the floor.  Two CLEETs drag in Jerry.  Unconscious, he's dumped on the floor by a narrow heating duct.  They leave, lock the door behind them.  Jerry doesn't move, doesn't make a sound.  A rag doll.
141) 0) text: We hear the sounds of the CITY, but it's impossible to tell where we are.  Practically a show, Jonas stares out the window.  A CLEET appears vaguely over his shoulder.
141) 1) dialog: She got away.
161) 0) text: A CLEET on patrol.  He passes a doorway into an abandoned room.  As he turns a corner, Liza steps out of the room, continues the opposite way.
164) 0) text: A CLEET GUARD outside a door.  He looks down as water pools at his feet.  Turning, he sees it runs from under the door.  There's a 5x5-inch window on the door, but the view is blocked by a hard, white surface.  The Guard raps the glass.
166) 0) text: Jerry (armed with the 9mm) and Liza exit.  Liza slides the bolts back on the door.  Footsteps and voices ahead. Jerry leans on Liza as they start their escape in the opposite direction.  They've just disappeared around one corner when Jonas and CLEETS #3 and #4 appear around the corner.
166) 2) text: Slipping in the water, the CLEETS hurry forward.  One of them looks through the window, scowls as the second unbolts the door.  As Jonas sees the unconscious Guard and the toilet lid, he does not look happy.
169) 0) text: Jerry and Liza make their way along.  Ahead, a CLEET crossing the intersection.  SHOTS are exchanged.  Liza and Jerry hug the wall, move back the way they came.  As the CLEET gets on his headset, they duck down...
169) 3) text: Only a few steps and another CLEET ahead.  More SHOTS FIRED and they duck down...
169) 7) dialog: He's somewhere on the south side of the wing.
169) 9) text: Jonas strides away, CLEETS #4 and #3 hurrying to keep up.