6) 0) text: A classic corner newsstand except that a river runs down the street and over the curb.  Newspaper stacks usually on the sidewalk are up on milk crates.  The owner, FLIP TANNER, cruises the sidewalk in a battered wheelchair. All sinew and tendons, Flip is black, about 50.  He looks to Jerry's cab plowing twin fountains as it approaches. Flip heaves a stack of newspapers and magazines into his lap.  he rolls to meet Jerry at the curb, hands him the stack through the window.  Jerry looks down at the water.
6) 1) dialog: Water main.  Broke all the way over on 40th Street and Seventh. Subway's a damn river.
6) 2) text: Jerry stares back over his shoulder at water gushing out a manhole cover.  Flip watches him, smiles.
6) 3) dialog: What're you thinking, Jerry?
6) 5) dialog: Tell you what.  Reminds me of life in the Delta.
6) 7) dialog: Mekong, my friend, Mekong.
6) 9) dialog: Sure.  And the two of 'em used my legs for a wishbone.  Nearly snapped me in half.
6) 11) text: As Jerry drives away, Flip smiles, shakes his head.
10) 2) text: Jerry scans a New York Times spread on a drafting table. He circles headlines, names and dates.  Does the same with the San Francisco Chronicle, Le Monde, Time, the Economist and Popular Mechanics.  He enters raw data on 3x5 cards:  space shuttle launched, base closings, escape from mental hospital and especially the obituaries. Specifically:  "Industrialist Ernest Hariman Drowns." Jerry flips through 100s of cards on big Rolodexes as he cross-references data.  Jerry pulls cards, lines them up. The first connection:  the dates of six Space Shuttle launches and six earthquakes all coinciding.  Jerry lets out a low whistle.  Never too jaded to be shocked. Jerry types the text of an article, crosses out mistakes. He handcranks copies off an old drum mimeograph.  The hand drawn logo:  lips whispering into an ear.  The title:  "Conspiracy Theory." Jerry writes out five labels.  Addresses from across America.  Jerry slaps the labels on the newsletters.
39) 0) text: A cop at the door.  Liza flashes her ID, enters.  She heads to the nightstand, opens it.  There's a key ring, a pack of gum and a worn paperback copy of Catcher In the Rye with the familiar crimson and gold cover.  Liza flips through it.  Certain passages are highlighted, others blacked out.
43) 0) text: Flip watches from his wheelchair as the BMW pulls up.  It takes him a minute to recognize...
43) 1) dialog: Jerry?  You didn't show last night.  First time ever.  Had me worried, boy.
43) 3) text: Flip glances at Liza, thinks he understands.  As he winks at Jerry, Liza rolls her eyes to the heavens.  Flip retrieves a double stack of newspapers and magazines.
43) 4) dialog: Saved you last night's, too.
43) 6) dialog: Sure was.  Pounded the V.C. for this Greek cat named Ari Onasis.
43) 7) text: Flip smiles as he wheels back over.  He likes Jerry.
47) 13) text: Liza flips through, reads the lead-in to one story aloud.
84) 5) text: Giving up, Drone #2 gets back in the van.  They take off. The MANHOLE CLANGS along behind them, sideswipes a car. That draws the attention of a police cruiser coming the opposite direction.  As the cherry lights flip on, the manhole takes out the cruiser's windshield. As the van turns the corner, the manhole wraps around a pole.  As the rear axle tears free of the van...
88) 0) text: Liza stands there, curses herself as the last of the train is swallowed by the tunnel.  This isn't how she meant things to turn out.  Then, her CELL PHONE RINGS. She takes it from her pocket, flips it open.
119) 7) text: Jerry smiles, but she doesn't smile back.  As he concentrates on his driving... Liza eases her little cell phone out of her pocket. Holding it at her side, half-turning away from Jerry, she flips it open, turns it on.  Enter a pre-dial code: "WILSON" flashes across the display.  As Liza holds her thumb over the ear speaker-holes...
167) 0) text: A man approaches from one end of the sidewalk.  Flip, the black owner of the newsstand Jerry frequents.  No longer wheelchair-bound.  As he converges with Agent Lowry.
168) 2) text: He looks up as from outside, Lowry shoulders back the door, exposing the chain.  Flip cuts through it with a portable torch.  Lowery bursts through, passing the sputtering old security guard.  The whole entry takes about two seconds.
171) 2) text: She's restrained by Flip and Agent Lowry, tries to fight past them as the ambulance pulls away. Overwhelmed, Liza collapses.  As they hold her up...
173) 0) text: Agent Lowry strides down the hall, full of purpose.  At an intersection, he's joined by Flip.  The two of them continue, without speaking, to a door.  They enter.
174) 0) text: His chest bandaged, tubes running in and out, Jerry looks up as Lowry and Flip enter.  He's weak, but very much alive.  They look at him.  He looks back as defiantly as his situation will allow.
174) 2) text: Flip doesn't even crack a smile.
174) 6) dialog: Not to mention the fact that everyone thinks you're dead.
174) 16) text: Lowry and Flip turn to leave.
174) 18) dialog: Shut the hell up.
178) 0) text: Jerry sits with Lowry and Flip, scans with binoculars.