18) 0) text: With a LONGSHIP silhouetted in the background... ---Beowulf sits almost central at a firepit - opposite hi king - HYGELAC [50s] - surrounded by a cluster of Geat warriors... ...the great standing stones looming over them like guardians, the firelight already throwing wild shadows... Among the Geat warriors is BRECA [30], almost as sturdy a Beowulf...and, beside him, HONDSCIOH [late 20s], Beowulf' best friend, and sitting to Beowulf's right. In Beowulf's lap, the exhausted child is curled asleep in spite - or because - of the raucous warrior band. All of them have been - and are still - drinking, and eat A short distance away, a group of Geat WOMEN are LAUGHING and TALKING among themselves. (CONTINUED)
18) 7) dialog: (at Hondscioh / appreciative) Hear that? The tongues of trolls!
18) 14) dialog: Hondscioh, next time you're alone on open water, just remember not to drink it --
19) 0) text: A LONGSHIP is being loaded, Beowulf watching over the process. He glances across the dock and sees... .-.-.a row of human HEADS, appearing to be sitting on a board... amongst them Hondscioh, Breca and Thorkel. One o the heads moves, starts speaking. Beowulf recoils a step, then relaxes, seeing the illusion ...the cluster of MEN standing by the boat, their bodies blocked by the dock. Beowulf strolls over to the group. Hondscioh is holding a harp in one hand, holding off a reaching Thorkel with the other.
19) 10) dialog: Danes say. Danes who ran. I've also known Danes who'll say they fought off Attila when he wandered North.
19) 14) dialog: Walrus, Hondscioh, and next one I catch, its tusk goes up your arse.
30) 2) dialog: How bout that one. Beowulf and Hondscioh follow Breca's gaze... -..to Selma, coming from the opposite direction, carrying baskets. She's a jolt of vigor and beauty, especially set against the dregs through which she moves. Beowulf finds her studying him with interest; he edges up Erik.
31) 1) dialog: That's one beer-hall, eh Hondscioh? Before Hondscioh can respond...
34) 0) text: The benches are full of warriors and earls, one side the troop, on the other the Danes... On the Danes' side, there are considerably more women tha men, the women talking between themselves, flirtatiously eyeing the revved-up Geats. ON: Breca scanning several women, his mouth falling open nerve-stunned lust. Hondscioh, beside him, reaches over a nudges his mouth closed. Between the two groups the fire-pits burn. LAUGHTER and talk compete with a MUSICIAN playing a HARP, SECOND with a bone FLUTE, a THIRD playing a BODHRAN. Hrothgar sits at one end of the room, Beowulf nearest him There's abundant food and jugs of beer being delivered to warriors by teenaged ATTENDANTS. Wealhtheow, passing behind Beowulf, leans in to him, indicates the numerous women.
43) 0) text: There then comes a longer CREAK and a gentle - yet enormo pressure on the bolted doors from outside... a great SIGH Beowulf, sword at the ready, edges to the door... Hondsci and Breca at his side... There's a silence... the warriors' apprehension building. ...then a prolonged TRICKLE sound... Beowulf looks down, and immediately jerks back a step, avoiding... CLOSE ON: a liquid - Grendel's urine - pooling under the door. Beowulf gives his men a look; they all move forward as Beowulf angrily throws off the locking timber, and swings open the door, swings back his blade... ...to find only darkness, and the staggering stench of th troll's piss-mark. 47 48 Beowulf & Grendel - 10th dr. - Berzins - July 12/04 - 46.
46) 0) text: With the steam/mist burning off the water... -.. Erik leads Beowulf and the Geats - on horseback - dow the black sand beach, DOGS running ahead... «--to a wall of daunting cliff, at the bottom of which t dogs sniff and howl. Beowulf, Hondscioh and Breca consider the challenging cli
49) 0) text: ON: brawny hands seeking grip in the top of a boulder. Th do - and with a GRUNT of effort.. * ..-Beowulf pulls himself up into view. * His expression - that of the hunter on the scent of prey loses its fierceness, shifting abruptly to that of a man at sea... * As Hondscioh and Breca come up on either side of him... * (CONTINUED)
51) 40) dialog: Wouldn't trust a Saxon as far as I could throw him.
51) 42) dialog: Knew someone who did. Hondscioh gives a SNORT of doubt. And the men continue on 58 Beowulf & Grendel - 10th dr. - Berzins - July 12/04 - 58.
52) 0) text: Beowulf, Hondscioh and Breca walk back through the villag .»..and find the villagers in an improved mood. There ar CONVERSATIONS in the pathways, mild LAUGHTER... They pass the blacksmith's forge. The SMITH grins, waves a red-hot axe-head held in tongs. gives a forearm/fist of solidarity, and rams the axe-head down into the water bucket - bursting STEAM. The three Geats continue on... .»..coming upon... .-+-Grimur who is whimpering, cornered into a section of barricade, holding up his arms to protect his bleeding he from stones thrown by a cluster of KIDS.
54) 0) text: PAN ACROSS: the Geat warriors sprawled across the room, weapons at the ready. Breca, Hondscioh, Thorkel, Thorfinn eyes open - listen to the night. Several others are fighting drowsiness... ..-while Beowulf appears fully asleep.
58) 0) text: The men move out several yards from the porch, then hold the ceremonial firepit, the darkness impenetrable any further... Hondscioh edges up beside Breca.
61) 0) text: Beowulf walks along the edge of the village, looking over -..some Geats making adjustments to their weapons... .»..one mending his jerkin... .--another whittling a fish from wood. He passes an old shed, only to find... ..-Thorkel on the other side having sex with a young Dani WIDOW. Beowulf watches a moment more than he otherwise might... briefly transfixed... before Thorfinn turns and sees him. Beowulf turns away... -.-.continues on over to a field... ..-where Breca and Hondscioh are practicing sword-play. But the two of them are in very different worlds: Breca i fighting with spectacularly flashy great swings of his gr blade... whereas Hondscioh seems lost in thought - matter factly blocking Breca's strokes, but making no advances o his own. Breca stops, indicates Hondscioh to Beowulf.
61) 1) dialog: He's already fighting like a Dane.
61) 9) dialog: (mocking) Hondscioh had a bad dream. Beowulf glances at Hondscioh, giving this more respect th Breca is willing to. Hondscioh shakes his head, dismissiv
61) 12) dialog: I don't see fear helping us.
61) 15) dialog: Careful you don't drop it.
76) 6) dialog: (to Beowulf) Not far... but we'll need ropes, hooks, more torches...
77) 0) text: As the troop exits the cave... ..-Breca turns back, undoes his pants, and pisses across rocks at the entrance. LAUGHTER from almost all the Geats. Beowulf manages a smile, until his gaze meets... ..-Grimur, whose face betrays worry at this act. Grimur turns and hurries down the rocks towards the beach.
78) 6) dialog: Hondscioh shows up - great Odin and the others ask how he died, and Hondscioh goes - I uh... fell? ROARS of LAUGHTER from the group. Hondscioh eyes Thorkel.
79) 0) text: As the Geats are bedding down... ..-Breca - bandaged and grinning - sits before the fire.
79) 1) dialog: Even the trolls want my beautiful hair.
79) 4) dialog: I'd piss in his mouth if he dared to show it.
99) 0) text: As a couple of warriors carry Hondscioh's body out... * ...Beowulf, surrounded by Breca and several other Geats, watch from their horses. Hrothgar approaches, eyes Hondscioh's corpse. *
104) 0) text: +-+.to the cove in the rocks traversed by Grendel. CLOSE ON: the twisting blood-trail through the sand and stones, ending at the hide-tide line. Beowulf and Breca stand together, Thorfinn just back of t others nearby. (CONTINUED)
104) 3) dialog: Without an arm...
105) 26) dialog: Where's the arm-ring? I wanted that arm-ring.
105) 28) dialog: Sure he did. Listen, the fucker near snapped my neck. Figured the least thing I'd get would be the arm-ring.
118) 0) text: A CLUSTER of Geat horsemen wait while... .--Beowulf straps on his gear, Breca beside him.
118) 2) dialog: But they did. Unferth strides about the clearing, torch in hand, fierce staring into the dark. He turns to the hut and starts setting it afire. As the fire rises, Beowulf and Breca share a weary look, their eyes. Unferth vigorously swings the torch in the sign of the cr
118) 6) dialog: (low to Beowulf) That what we got to look forward to?
120) 0) text: The warriors come down to the beach on which they previou found the bloody signs of Grendel's death-throes. This ti they come upon... «+-a blood-caked HEAD, propped on a stick. Breca rides u looks it over, turns back to Beowulf.
120) 1) dialog: It's Aeschere. Unferth bolts forth on his horse, dismounts hurriedly, dr his sword and waves it at the beach.
121) 3) dialog: Nothing lives here. They're about to leave, when Beowulf fixes on... ..-where the crevice meets the sloping ceiling of the cav He bends low, peers along the water's edge. He climbs dow into the water.
121) 4) dialog: Beowulf?
121) 6) dialog: I'll go. Beowulf shakes his head.
123) 0) text: Breca is grimly peering down into the water, through whic shadow of blood now runs.
125) 0) text: Breca has built a small cairn of rocks on the sand. He ceremoniously drives his sword down into the sand before A SPLASH behind him. Breca wheels to find... ..-Beowulf's head break the surface of the water. Beowulf gasps air, blinks his eyes clear, sees Breca - an smiles. Breca scrambles over and gives him a hand up.
125) 1) dialog: Her blood then? Beowulf nods, then his gaze settles on the cairn of stone
125) 6) dialog: Just killing time. And the two shuffle out towards the light.
130) 7) dialog: Man who killed his brother in a Christian tale.
130) 9) dialog: No, I think Thorkel's saying that Grendel's just like Cain - a killer.
130) 11) dialog: Yeah well...