28) 0) text: Beowulf's longship edges into the shallows of a black beach... stone promontories rising high on either side. He and half his men jump down into the water, and - guide ropes in hand - haul the boat up upon the stones. As the men in the boat begin passing over their battle-ge to those in the water... В«--they turn to the sound of a NEIGHING HORSE... .---and see ERIK [a coast-guard] come galloping down thro break in the rock, and pull up in the stones... just out spear distance.
28) 1) dialog: Hold there!
28) 3) dialog: It is... and you're not. So unless, you're ripe for a shower of arrows, you'll tell who you are. (CONTINUED)
28) 6) dialog: Two blows of this and fifty men will be on these cliffs before you've strapped your ring-shirts.
28) 8) dialog: (a threat) Is that then your word?
28) 10) dialog: Beowulf the Geat.
28) 12) dialog: We welcome friends. Bring what you need. I'1l have men look to your ship. Erik blows ONCE on his HORN... the powerful and eerie sou echoing off the cliffs.
28) 14) dialog: One blow is good. Hondscioh winks good-naturedly. Erik glances at Beowulf w shrugs.
29) 0) text: Beowulf's troop, loaded with their weaponry - shields, swords, axes, spears - walk across the even ground, led b Erik with his horse. (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: As Erik and the Geats come up over a rise, and into sight of... В«-+-the Danish village. Erik rides up ahead to... .В»..a GUARD at the break in the rocks who, after a momen Erik, waves them in. The Geats continue forward, scanning... ...VILLAGERS clustered around a couple funeral pyres. The villagers stare back - listless, forlorn, dead-eyed - at Geats.
30) 4) dialog: Selma. A witch. The happy would keep a boat-length from her.
30) 6) dialog: She sees people's deaths. (CONTINUED)
31) 2) dialog: If you like to drink with ghosts. As the Geats consider this, a commotion rises behind them They turn to see... ---.a cluster of men striding toward them, the commotion coming from the older man at the center who is GROWLING impatience, Unferth at his side, muttering explanations. As they near, Beowulf recognizes the old man as... .--Hrothgar, who is half-drunk and just roused from sleep Hrothgar, seeing Beowulf, strides clear of his own retinu Beowulf struggles to mask his surprise at the king's wret appearance.
46) 0) text: With the steam/mist burning off the water... -.. Erik leads Beowulf and the Geats - on horseback - dow the black sand beach, DOGS running ahead... В«--to a wall of daunting cliff, at the bottom of which t dogs sniff and howl. Beowulf, Hondscioh and Breca consider the challenging cli
46) 1) dialog: This is where the blood trails led.
47) 0) text: The Geat troop is edging up the rocky bluff, but warily, warriors struggling to gauge the shadows which shift with shifting mist. THORFINN [20s], wiry and vigorous, leads the way now... .--with Beowulf and Hondscioh just a bit back of him. Hondscioh eyes Erik.
47) 2) dialog: I could bring the bows. But the men are gone. Beowulf gives Hondscioh a look... but his gaze then fixes on... .--Thorfinn who, stepping up, takes hold of a jutting hun driftwood for support...
47) 9) dialog: A thing beyond our ken.