1) 1) dialog: Grrruhnellll.... He twists his head to one side, raises his nose and sniff the wind... wary for a moment... then the moment passes.. (CONTINUED)
3) 0) text: Grendel's father is moving as best he can... but one hip giving him trouble, and his wind is quickly going on him. Grendel stares back over his shoulder, his face now betra the same fear his father feels. (CONTINUED)
4) 0) text: The two trolls emerge into view of the sea. Grendel's fat rushes up to the cliff edge, and verbally/gesturally dire Grendel to descend. Grendel starts down a few feet before turning and meeting father's fierce gaze. He gestures to Grendel to continue down. Grendel does, but steals a glance back up to find.. ..-his father turning to meet their pursuers. Grendel cli back up to the cliffs' edge to see... ...the warriors charging in on horseback. Several dismoun and take positions on the periphery. The lead warrior continues forward. Now we see he's significantly older than the rest; there are years of the sort of battles in him. And yet the fire is still in his - even as it meets the troll's. The other warriors hold back, waiting on their leader's m The troll scowls back, a snarl escaping. The lead warrior, unfazed, even spurred on by the challen charges forward and flings a leather bag at Grendel's fat The bag - hitting - bursts apart, throwing liquid pitch o him. As other warriors rush forward with torches... ...Grendel twists back down into the rocks, terrified. There come the SOUNDS of a vicious FIGHT above.... the RO of his father... the warriors' SHOUTS and the BARKING/WAI of dogs... the NEIGHING, HUFFING and STOMPING of the horses... A dog flies past, over the cliff to the rocks below... Then a sudden WHOOSH... a terrifying SCREECH... ...and Grendel's father staggers off the cliff, stuck wit spears, wrapped in netting, and engulfed in FLAMES. (CONTINUED)
6) 0) text: ON: the desiccated HEAD of Grendel's father, positioned i erude alcove-shrine, on either side of which small smudge burn... The fires have somewhat preserved the head: the eye socke are empty, and the flesh is gone from the face, but the s has dried and tightened, the long wild hair remains, matt over and beyond the great brow, the yellow teeth clenched eternal grin/grimace... Sea-shells, stones, and dried flowers are placed around t head. REVEAL: Grendel, now an adult, squatting down near a larg fire-bed of embers, gaze fixed on his father's head... hi own thoughts clearly melancholic... A breath rolls through him like a shudder. He rises... ..-revealing his stature: he's huge, with powerful limbs, scale of his father but with none of the infirmity. He starts up a rocky path toward the faint light of the cave entrance...
84) 0) text: The apprehensive warriors, armed with swords, shields, spears, edge through the damp, stinking place... Animal and fish carcasses are scattered about. Each DRIP of water makes someone turn... Some simple tools... a pile of wood and a fire-pit... but the torches reach the corners of the cave... no Grendel. Beowulf slumps back against a wall, sighs - relief and frustration tangled in a mess in his head. Hondscioh comes upon a small alcove, and discovers within it... CLOSE ON: the desiccated HEAD of Grendel's father. Hondscioh stares in a mix of horror and wonder, then take up by the long braided hair, holds it out before the othe to see...
88) 0) text: Through the smoky cave, Grendel comes staggering, coughin squinting through the stinging haze... He drops to his knees, continues along... Finally his extended hand comes upon the now-empty alcove He twists about, hands then desperately searching the nea ground. One hand clutches something, brings it up into his sight. CLOSE ON: one half of the facial portion of his father's skull. Grendel gasps, brings the piece to his face, sniffs it, a his eyes go hard. He emits a long HOWL - an eerie mix of sorrow and rage.