11) 0) text: CAMERA slowly sweeps over sea-water... coming to rest... ON: BEOWULF [30]... or at least his head, seeming to eeri bob on a plank of wood on the surface of the water. The odd wave splashes over him... his eyes closed, face betraying no life... then suddenly a long SIGH of exhaust and relief... His eyes flicker open, he blinks, and slowly edges in tow land, his neck, shoulders, torso inch-by-inch revealed... ..-watched by a lone FISHERMAN on the beach mending his n Beowulf, delirious, pushes aside the wooden plank, limps onto the sand, trailing seaweed, his shins and thighs burdened by lamprey EELS attached to his flesh... He wears a battle-weathered leather tunic, shredded tweed pants, a baldric-strap tying his sheathed sword to his back... His body, though battered and scarred, is obviously one o great power. His wobbly-kneed stagger still manages the grace of the warrior/athlete returning from a struggle wh nearly killed him.
11) 1) dialog: G'day. (CONTINUED)
11) 5) dialog: Fish Beach... but likely I'm the only one who names it that. (off Beowulf's look / wry) Where I get fish. The fisherman goes to his fire-pit and takes from it a smoking stick.
11) 7) dialog: Well... y'know how these things go. As he talks, he indicates various directions and movement with his stick...
11) 8) dialog: Late as a couple years ago I think it was a Hathobard. Swedes rolled in, pushed them out... Hathobards came back, pushed them out - then they got pushed out by Geats. Wulfings showed up... (beat / sighs) Sig Skullsplitter of the Hathobards was spilling blood this way last spring. But then he got sick from sleeping with the sheep. Swedes came back...
11) 10) dialog: I wouldn't bet a fish on that. Hygelac the Geat then lay a beating on the Swedes... (beat) I had a boatload of Wulfings wash up. But they were just corpses. Stunk to Valhalla. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
11) 13) dialog: Had to let'm dry out a week then I put the whole little crowd to flame - not knowin what they died of, eh. (beat / shrugs) Yeah, I'll be guessing this is Geat land for now. Beowulf's relief is apparent.
11) 14) dialog: Sleep with that, canya?
11) 16) dialog: Beowulf... what, the Eel Meal? The fisherman nods to Beowulf's eel-infested shins. Beowu looks down, gets dizzy and drops to the sand where he sit
11) 19) dialog: So this is just you coming in now? Beowulf nods. The fisherman gives a dubious look.
11) 23) dialog: Leave that to my boat. Beowulf stares a beat at the fisherman.
11) 25) dialog: Can't see much life in that. (beat) You do this a lot?
11) 27) dialog: Good. Then you'll have no qualms if supper tastes like you. Beowulf stares. The fisherman gives a battered-tooth grin
12) 0) text: 14 The fisherman pokes at his fire while Beowulf nibbles at plate of the cooked eels.
12) 1) dialog: So... what's it like being a hero? Quelling things with axes and that sword of yours... in - what - a kinda bloody madness? Beowulf chafes slightly.
12) 3) dialog: That's all I've heard of your sort.
12) 7) dialog: So... a hero, eh? A hero for supper. Don't my shit shine! The fisherman notices Beowulf's squeamishness with the ee
12) 8) dialog: (eyeing Beowulf's plate) Eat up. Be yourself! And the fisherman cackles at his joke.
13) 0) text: Beowulf and the fisherman stand before a rack of dried fi The fisherman is packing some in a small pouch, which he hands to Beowulf. Beowulf claps him on the shoulder.
13) 2) dialog: (shrugs) I'm in the fishes'. (grim / to the water) One o' these days they'll come for theirs.
13) 4) dialog: Good luck with your killing things. I guess you thank - who - Thor?
13) 6) dialog: No, I'm sure y'piss and shit just like the rest of us. Gotta say there's not much use for that here. (off his look) Hitting things with axes. Y'oughta try Daneland.
13) 10) dialog: Oh yeah, word from the whale-road they got one unhappy troll on the loose there.
13) 12) dialog: Guess the first eighty thought so too.
13) 14) dialog: Well... y'know how these things go. Some say twenty, some say two hundred.
13) 16) dialog: Yeah it bent my brain too... thinking that many Danes could even hold a sword.
13) 18) dialog: Eh, I'm just a fisherman. Beowulf looks out over the water, torn.