50) 0) text: ON: GRIMUR, a misfit Dane, standing in the river down fro the waterfall, being baptized by Brendan HOWLING out * indecipherable Latin. * ON: Hrothgar sitting on a rock overlooking a waterfall, a facing down to the pool below the falls, his eyes watery, face wet. Some yards back of him stands his HORSE. * The Geat troop appear on the ridge, Beowulf at the head. Beowulf nears and... ..-Hrothgar - startled by the approach - wheels about, sw in hand. Orients himself. Wipes the mist/tears from his face. Forces an awkward smile...
52) 0) text: Beowulf, Hondscioh and Breca walk back through the villag .В»..and find the villagers in an improved mood. There ar CONVERSATIONS in the pathways, mild LAUGHTER... They pass the blacksmith's forge. The SMITH grins, waves a red-hot axe-head held in tongs. gives a forearm/fist of solidarity, and rams the axe-head down into the water bucket - bursting STEAM. The three Geats continue on... .В»..coming upon... .-+-Grimur who is whimpering, cornered into a section of barricade, holding up his arms to protect his bleeding he from stones thrown by a cluster of KIDS.
52) 5) dialog: (through bloody mouth) I'm a Dane and a Christian!
52) 7) dialog: You little prick! Wild-eyed, Grimur staggers at the kid, who drills him in head with a stone. (CONTINUED)
74) 3) dialog: I owe you for sparing me from those stones. I can lead you to the Dane- killer's cave. Beowulf is stunned by the offer.
74) 5) dialog: I feared all things... its wrath... my death. He holds up a cross on a chain around his neck.
74) 6) dialog: No more. Grimur gives a happy smile. Beowulf masks his ambivalence
74) 8) dialog: There. Beowulf turns to see... .--.Grimur pointing to a break in the rocks. The helmsman leans against the rudder and the boat turns toward it.
75) 0) text: Grimur leads the crew up over treacherous rocks towards.. В«..an entrance in the cliffside. They light up torches, in.
76) 4) dialog: I swear - by Christ --
77) 0) text: As the troop exits the cave... ..-Breca turns back, undoes his pants, and pisses across rocks at the entrance. LAUGHTER from almost all the Geats. Beowulf manages a smile, until his gaze meets... ..-Grimur, whose face betrays worry at this act. Grimur turns and hurries down the rocks towards the beach.
81) 0) text: В«--the glare of daylight. Silent villagers surround him, puzzling over the tableau: Further down the steps lies the CORPSE of Grimur, his hea still on, but twisted backwards. ON: Beowulf, as the shock settles in.