9) 0) text: With some RAUCOUS drunken ROARS and HOWLS echoing through village... and - at some distance - REVELLERS making thei swerving way back to the longhouse... .-.-a lone torch-lit GUARD moves along a boulder ridge, s in hand, grinning at the drunks. But then an ANIMAL HOWL rises rom the darkness beyond, to which he turns...
9) 1) dialog: Come near here, y'shitbrain wolves, you'll get a mouth of spear. There's movement in the stones below, just beyond the boulders, just out of sight. The guard peers over. Nothing for several beats... but then a strange BREATH-LI sound on the wind...
9) 3) dialog: (wary mutter) What the... The guard throws the torch down into the darkness. Something large deftly shifts out of sight to one side. There's a scratching of nail on stone as something climbs the boulder.
9) 4) dialog: Olaf?! Pal?! The guard swings his spear toward the sound, but without torch he can't see much. Then, again, there's silence. (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: With a LONGSHIP silhouetted in the background... ---Beowulf sits almost central at a firepit - opposite hi king - HYGELAC [50s] - surrounded by a cluster of Geat warriors... ...the great standing stones looming over them like guardians, the firelight already throwing wild shadows... Among the Geat warriors is BRECA [30], almost as sturdy a Beowulf...and, beside him, HONDSCIOH [late 20s], Beowulf' best friend, and sitting to Beowulf's right. In Beowulf's lap, the exhausted child is curled asleep in spite - or because - of the raucous warrior band. All of them have been - and are still - drinking, and eat A short distance away, a group of Geat WOMEN are LAUGHING and TALKING among themselves. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Wealhtheow urgently comes along the path... passing VILLA who are subdued, all looking toward... ..-Hrothgar who sits, hunched over, on a small rise, faci the wilds, the dead guard lying beside him. Wealhtheow hurries up to Hrothgar, looks him over with concern. (CONTINUED)
27) 0) text: A funeral pyre burns with the corpse of the guard. ON: Hrothgar sitting on a rock a short distance off, polishing his sword with a cloth...
28) 0) text: Beowulf's longship edges into the shallows of a black beach... stone promontories rising high on either side. He and half his men jump down into the water, and - guide ropes in hand - haul the boat up upon the stones. As the men in the boat begin passing over their battle-ge to those in the water... В«--they turn to the sound of a NEIGHING HORSE... .---and see ERIK [a coast-guard] come galloping down thro break in the rock, and pull up in the stones... just out spear distance.
30) 0) text: As Erik and the Geats come up over a rise, and into sight of... В«-+-the Danish village. Erik rides up ahead to... .В»..a GUARD at the break in the rocks who, after a momen Erik, waves them in. The Geats continue forward, scanning... ...VILLAGERS clustered around a couple funeral pyres. The villagers stare back - listless, forlorn, dead-eyed - at Geats.
66) 0) text: Beowulf rides along, though cautiously, due to the mist. Shapes can be vaguely made out... suggestions of movement but they're unresolved, indefinite - keeping Beowulf on h guard. There comes a weird unsettling LAUGH... then the sound of FALLING SCREE to one side... --.and Beowulf veers off the trail... -..coming to a slope which leads up to a more sheer rock- face. At his feet, dust from the stone-fall is only start to settle. Selma rides up beside him. Beowulf gives her a wary look.
91) 0) text: The silence of the night. PAN DOWN: the outer stone perimeter... to a GUARD impaled a wooden spike. And Grendel continues through the boulders,, the blood ca heavy on his face, his eyes wide, almost trance-like.