18) 0) text: With a LONGSHIP silhouetted in the background... ---Beowulf sits almost central at a firepit - opposite hi king - HYGELAC [50s] - surrounded by a cluster of Geat warriors... ...the great standing stones looming over them like guardians, the firelight already throwing wild shadows... Among the Geat warriors is BRECA [30], almost as sturdy a Beowulf...and, beside him, HONDSCIOH [late 20s], Beowulf' best friend, and sitting to Beowulf's right. In Beowulf's lap, the exhausted child is curled asleep in spite - or because - of the raucous warrior band. All of them have been - and are still - drinking, and eat A short distance away, a group of Geat WOMEN are LAUGHING and TALKING among themselves. (CONTINUED)
18) 5) dialog: Only cause they lost their sail. Breca casually smacks Hondscioh hard in the arm. Hondscio mockingly plays great pain. Grins from some, but Thorkel undeterred.
18) 8) dialog: Arses, more like. This time both Beowulf and Breca raise their hands to str Hondscioh, who winces, duly preparing for the hits which this time - do not come.
18) 10) dialog: Hold it there. (to Beowulf and Breca) You're in the boat? (off their looks) Things are going at you while you're still in the boat? (CONTINUED)
18) 13) dialog: Breca? You tell Thorkel that?
18) 16) dialog: Any fish with any smell would sniff you two and heave. LAUGHTER.
18) 17) dialog: Next time you tell a tale, Thorkel, try to sift the sheepshit out.
18) 21) dialog: You want bones, we'll bring you bones. Troll-bones! A hint of seriousness slips over the group. Hygelac eyes Beowulf. (CONTINUED)
19) 0) text: A LONGSHIP is being loaded, Beowulf watching over the process. He glances across the dock and sees... .-.-.a row of human HEADS, appearing to be sitting on a board... amongst them Hondscioh, Breca and Thorkel. One o the heads moves, starts speaking. Beowulf recoils a step, then relaxes, seeing the illusion ...the cluster of MEN standing by the boat, their bodies blocked by the dock. Beowulf strolls over to the group. Hondscioh is holding a harp in one hand, holding off a reaching Thorkel with the other.
19) 4) dialog: What - you plan to sing the thing to death? Breca snatches the harp from Hondscioh, hands it to Thork Hondscioh fires a dirty look at Breca, who smirks.
19) 6) dialog: Beowulf, we're gonna need some extra shields. (off Beowulf's look / re Thorkel) For our ears.
19) 11) dialog: (wry) Breca's right. Danes can't even swim after fish. (CONTINUED)
19) 15) dialog: (shrugs) Worse things. Laughter from the group. And they sail on.
28) 7) dialog: Fifty birds maybe.
28) 13) dialog: One blow is good news?
30) 1) dialog: (low to the other Geats) By Thor... they've got the spark of cows.
30) 5) dialog: (lascivious) Happiness isn't everything.
30) 9) dialog: (wry disappointment) Wouldn't you know. And they continue on.
34) 0) text: The benches are full of warriors and earls, one side the troop, on the other the Danes... On the Danes' side, there are considerably more women tha men, the women talking between themselves, flirtatiously eyeing the revved-up Geats. ON: Breca scanning several women, his mouth falling open nerve-stunned lust. Hondscioh, beside him, reaches over a nudges his mouth closed. Between the two groups the fire-pits burn. LAUGHTER and talk compete with a MUSICIAN playing a HARP, SECOND with a bone FLUTE, a THIRD playing a BODHRAN. Hrothgar sits at one end of the room, Beowulf nearest him There's abundant food and jugs of beer being delivered to warriors by teenaged ATTENDANTS. Wealhtheow, passing behind Beowulf, leans in to him, indicates the numerous women.
34) 17) dialog: We won't be sleeping.
45) 0) text: ON: BLACKSMITHS turning glowing pokers against the staine wood of the great doors... burning off Grendel's urine. Beowulf, Hondscioh and Hrothgar, amongst others, watch fr one side. Hrothgar is puzzled but relieved.
45) 3) dialog: He ever leave men alive in the hall?
45) 11) dialog: That's not what he asked. Brendan stares back at Hondscioh a beat, then - ignoring turns to Hrothgar.
45) 13) dialog: The Frank.
45) 21) dialog: And no fucking trolls.
45) 26) dialog: (mutter) The dead do walk.
45) 29) dialog: Others here in arms have been spared. Unferth gives him a threatening look. (CONTINUED)
45) 33) dialog: (wry) In his wisdom? Unferth trembles with indignation, sensing insult, but there's little to take hold of. He turns and strides away
46) 0) text: With the steam/mist burning off the water... -.. Erik leads Beowulf and the Geats - on horseback - dow the black sand beach, DOGS running ahead... В«--to a wall of daunting cliff, at the bottom of which t dogs sniff and howl. Beowulf, Hondscioh and Breca consider the challenging cli
46) 2) dialog: Not much known to daylight climbs up that.
46) 6) dialog: I tell you, this troll must be one tough prick... (off Breca's look / wry) Do this climb every night after supper? And the others proceed to follow Beowulf.
47) 0) text: The Geat troop is edging up the rocky bluff, but warily, warriors struggling to gauge the shadows which shift with shifting mist. THORFINN [20s], wiry and vigorous, leads the way now... .--with Beowulf and Hondscioh just a bit back of him. Hondscioh eyes Erik.
47) 1) dialog: You want to blow your horn now, I wouldn't mind those fifty bows you bragged of.
47) 6) dialog: vee tty) ; Little high up for a whale's ribs? They each take hold of a side of the contraption, but it not budge.
47) 8) dialog: ...and rigged to swing. * (to Erik) What are we fighting here?
49) 0) text: ON: brawny hands seeking grip in the top of a boulder. Th do - and with a GRUNT of effort.. * ..-Beowulf pulls himself up into view. * His expression - that of the hunter on the scent of prey loses its fierceness, shifting abruptly to that of a man at sea... * As Hondscioh and Breca come up on either side of him... * (CONTINUED)
51) 36) dialog: The day's going down. If we want to be ready... Beowulf nods, and starts back toward the village.
51) 38) dialog: That's one spooky Danish girl.
51) 41) dialog: Y'ever met a Saxon?
52) 0) text: Beowulf, Hondscioh and Breca walk back through the villag .В»..and find the villagers in an improved mood. There ar CONVERSATIONS in the pathways, mild LAUGHTER... They pass the blacksmith's forge. The SMITH grins, waves a red-hot axe-head held in tongs. gives a forearm/fist of solidarity, and rams the axe-head down into the water bucket - bursting STEAM. The three Geats continue on... .В»..coming upon... .-+-Grimur who is whimpering, cornered into a section of barricade, holding up his arms to protect his bleeding he from stones thrown by a cluster of KIDS.
52) 1) dialog: Ho! The kids wheel, stones in hand. Seeing who it is, they ha a quick MUTTERING conference but back off a bit. One kid steps up.
54) 0) text: PAN ACROSS: the Geat warriors sprawled across the room, weapons at the ready. Breca, Hondscioh, Thorkel, Thorfinn eyes open - listen to the night. Several others are fighting drowsiness... ..-while Beowulf appears fully asleep.
58) 0) text: The men move out several yards from the porch, then hold the ceremonial firepit, the darkness impenetrable any further... Hondscioh edges up beside Breca.
58) 1) dialog: Can we smell that bad? ON: Beowulf - the furthest out - a short distance from th rest of his crew. He stares into the dark.
61) 0) text: Beowulf walks along the edge of the village, looking over -..some Geats making adjustments to their weapons... .В»..one mending his jerkin... .--another whittling a fish from wood. He passes an old shed, only to find... ..-Thorkel on the other side having sex with a young Dani WIDOW. Beowulf watches a moment more than he otherwise might... briefly transfixed... before Thorfinn turns and sees him. Beowulf turns away... -.-.continues on over to a field... ..-where Breca and Hondscioh are practicing sword-play. But the two of them are in very different worlds: Breca i fighting with spectacularly flashy great swings of his gr blade... whereas Hondscioh seems lost in thought - matter factly blocking Breca's strokes, but making no advances o his own. Breca stops, indicates Hondscioh to Beowulf.
61) 2) dialog: You want to waste your strokes on me and the air - go ahead. (CONTINUED)
61) 13) dialog: Don't you fucking start --
72) 0) text: CLOSE ON: a hnaftafl board [Norse chess-like game] with B and Hondscioh sitting on opposite sides: there are about dozen light players surrounded by a besieging force of tw dark players, a light king-figure in the center of the bo WIDE/REVEAL: Beowulf and a few Geats standing nearby watching.
72) 2) dialog: Always, my Lord. Hrothgar pats Beowulf's shoulder, leads him away from the others.
73) 2) dialog: Great. Now we get a pissed-off Odin.
73) 4) dialog: (fierce, superstitious) Don't say that! What's in your head?! (off Beowulf's look) I don't game my blood for last night's beer. The two eye each other. Beowulf shrugs retraction.
76) 3) dialog: (to Grimur) I guess you didn't know that was there.
76) 5) dialog: Let's leave Christ out of this. Hondscioh takes a torch and throws it down into the dark. After only a few seconds it hits rock, and skitters onto ground which it briefly illuminates before CRACKLING out.
78) 5) dialog: Let's uh... let this sad tale sleep.
78) 7) dialog: You better find a better line. As Breca, at the boat's bow, leans back, pulling hard on oar... .---a huge creature HAND rises out of the water, bronze a ring flashing in the light, grabs Breca by the hair, and starts yanking him over. His oar slams into the other in front of him, alerting th men. Thorfinn, beside him, snatches hold of his legs. (CONTINUED)
79) 3) dialog: Great Breca, the Troll-house Pisser! I'd be more careful where I wave my spear.
84) 0) text: The apprehensive warriors, armed with swords, shields, spears, edge through the damp, stinking place... Animal and fish carcasses are scattered about. Each DRIP of water makes someone turn... Some simple tools... a pile of wood and a fire-pit... but the torches reach the corners of the cave... no Grendel. Beowulf slumps back against a wall, sighs - relief and frustration tangled in a mess in his head. Hondscioh comes upon a small alcove, and discovers within it... CLOSE ON: the desiccated HEAD of Grendel's father. Hondscioh stares in a mix of horror and wonder, then take up by the long braided hair, holds it out before the othe to see...
84) 1) dialog: Look! Our friend Grendel doesn't come from mist and shit alone. As the warriors all watch, fascinated... .--Hondscioh throws the huge head into the air, then - as falls - he smashes it through with one great swing of his axe. Eyes wild, he then smashes the sections into even smaller pieces. He stops, catches his breath. (CONTINUED)
84) 4) dialog: (soft) I curse you and all your kin. He looks up and finds Beowulf's troubled gaze. There's something terrible in what he's done - and they are both terribly aware.
90) 0) text: With Hondscioh asleep on the next bench over... ..-Beowulf lies on his, tired eyes on the rafters, edging sleep.
99) 0) text: As a couple of warriors carry Hondscioh's body out... * ...Beowulf, surrounded by Breca and several other Geats, watch from their horses. Hrothgar approaches, eyes Hondscioh's corpse. *