18) 3) dialog: In a game to gut boredom Great Beowulf and Breca... Hondscioh rolls his eyes, snorts derision. Beowulf smiles him.
18) 4) dialog: ..-hoisted their hopes on the seething sea...
18) 6) dialog: The whale-road white as the tongues of trolls...
18) 9) dialog: The two fire-hearted friends fought on / Steel-shirts a goad to gruesome things / That crept up from their water-worlds --
18) 18) dialog: I sing what I'm told!
18) 20) dialog: They bring me giants, I'll sing of giants. I can only work with the bones I'm given! Breca fires a look at Beowulf - who furtively indicates - nothing more happened, no thugs were killed.
19) 0) text: A LONGSHIP is being loaded, Beowulf watching over the process. He glances across the dock and sees... .-.-.a row of human HEADS, appearing to be sitting on a board... amongst them Hondscioh, Breca and Thorkel. One o the heads moves, starts speaking. Beowulf recoils a step, then relaxes, seeing the illusion ...the cluster of MEN standing by the boat, their bodies blocked by the dock. Beowulf strolls over to the group. Hondscioh is holding a harp in one hand, holding off a reaching Thorkel with the other.
19) 1) dialog: Give it. (CONTINUED)
19) 5) dialog: (to Beowulf re Hondscioh / warning) He puts one hand on my harp...
19) 7) dialog: (to Hondscioh) -..I warn you - you're a dead man. Hondscioh gives a mock-shudder. Breca and Beowulf trade a grin. Thorkel does not, placing his precious harp in a rabbit-skin bag. And the loading continues.
19) 9) dialog: Say this thing makes meat of any man it finds.
54) 0) text: PAN ACROSS: the Geat warriors sprawled across the room, weapons at the ready. Breca, Hondscioh, Thorkel, Thorfinn eyes open - listen to the night. Several others are fighting drowsiness... ..-while Beowulf appears fully asleep.
59) 0) text: With FOG hanging over the village... Beowulf wanders along, brooding on the "peacefulness" of morning... ...-Danes seeming to be going about their business. He comes up to a firepit where Thorkel - harp in hand - i facing a small group of fascinated CHILDREN.
59) 1) dialog: O'er the night, the warriors waited, / Sword and shield in ring- wrapped grip. / Then the fiend of bog and brine / Crept to those doors of ten men's weight, / Bade it creak with breath alone / But then smelt God amongst the men. / Hardly had they hoisted steel / Than the thing's rank guts gave out. / Great Beowulf, God's awful arm --
59) 4) dialog: You scare them doing that. (CONTINUED)
59) 9) dialog: (hesitant) The Celt says Jesus Christ never sleeps, that he walks amongst us even now.
61) 0) text: Beowulf walks along the edge of the village, looking over -..some Geats making adjustments to their weapons... .В»..one mending his jerkin... .--another whittling a fish from wood. He passes an old shed, only to find... ..-Thorkel on the other side having sex with a young Dani WIDOW. Beowulf watches a moment more than he otherwise might... briefly transfixed... before Thorfinn turns and sees him. Beowulf turns away... -.-.continues on over to a field... ..-where Breca and Hondscioh are practicing sword-play. But the two of them are in very different worlds: Breca i fighting with spectacularly flashy great swings of his gr blade... whereas Hondscioh seems lost in thought - matter factly blocking Breca's strokes, but making no advances o his own. Breca stops, indicates Hondscioh to Beowulf.
78) 4) dialog: -..so they came to the cave of the killer / But found it fled, their weapons's work / Undone by dark and the slime of slope. / Hondscioh nearly fell to Valhalla --
130) 5) dialog: ..-born of scum and swampy things / Lurking in his mother's moss / The mark of Cain came to his brow / Of evil and a sea-hag born / Grendel, grinder of lost men's bones / Felt hate toward the happy Danes... WITH: Breca watching Thorkel...