0) 5) text: CLOSE VIEW of Bob's face in the back seat of the Cadillac HE CRACKS a smile and winks absentmindedly. INT. PHARMACY #1 NIGHT ak Bob finding all sorts of prescription drugs behind the counter of a closed pharmacy.
0) 10) dialog: Yeah, I think we'll give it the old beaver shot this time. Up in the front seat, his partners know he isn't expectin a response. There's DIANNE, NADINE AND RICK, and all are used to Bob being in his own little world there. (Allow time for voice over history of each character, like: there was Dianne. She wouldn't tell a cop shit even if she had a mouthful.) EXT. PORTLAND OREGON CITY STREET DAY ae EXT, PORTLAND OREGON itt ones The car pulls over to a curb and pushes other cars away making room for their getaway. Bob gets out first and casually walks down the sidewalk as if window shopping. An OLD WOMAN walking her POODLE approaches.
0) 11) dialog: Nice day, huh? Then Bob smiles at the OLD WOMAN.
1) 0) text: CLOSE VIEW of Rx sign, Bob steps neatly past the checkout counter and takes a look at veterinary supplies ona shelf. DIANNE enters the Pharmacy. - THE NEXT PERSON to enter the Pharmacy is NADINE, not long out of her teens, her blouse is scanty and her skirt stop well above the knees. 9-10-88 3. THE FOURTH MEMBER of the group enters, RICK, the muscle. Nadine proceeds down the store's main aisle and stops at the perfume counter. Rick takes a post near the entrance pretending to look through the get well cards. Dianne is engaged in an over the counter conversation wit the DRUGGIST. She has a pack of gum in her hand.
2) 0) text: Bob is in the back seat lying down.
2) 2) dialog: So, 80... 11 12 9-10-88 Dianne starts the engine and nervously taps the steering wheel with her long tapered fingernails.
2) 4) dialog: For Christsakes, Dianne, watch your language. Who in the hell do you think you are, Ma Barker or somebody?
2) 7) text: Bob opens the door of the car and calls out.
2) 8) dialog: Come on, come on, I said walk not crawl. Rick and Nadine take their places in the car next to Dianne.
2) 12) dialog: Yeah, I said walk, but I didn't mean you had to window shop all along the way. Rick grins. Dianne pulls out of the parking place.
2) 13) dialog: Anybody got an outfit up there? Dianne turns completely around, disregarding traffic.
2) 15) dialog: Shut up and watch your driving. Bob sits up a bit and looks out the window of the car, like a little kid with his nose pressed against the glass
2) 17) dialog: (to Dianne) Boy what a bitchy group! Fuck this, and screw that, Dianne, what kind of an example are you setting for the youngsters anyway? Dianne takes her eyes off the road, turning to Bob.
2) 19) dialog: Keep your eyes on the road then.
2) 21) dialog: Well it don't look like you are doing that great a job of keeping your eyes on the road.
2) 28) dialog: Now, everybody. Just act cool. It's like we've just come back from church. This being Sunday morning, we should make it believable.
2) 37) text: The four sitting around a coffee table that has fast food take-out soft drink cups on it. Bob is fishing out the drugs.
2) 39) dialog: Nadine?
2) 41) dialog: (smiles) No, I don't think so, Nadine.
2) 45) dialog: Well, Nadine, I'l] tell you, that just ain't the way things work around here. You don't do shit. All you've done is shag your twat, and that ain't nothin'. It's me that's taking the big risk. What are they going to bust you for, having a fit in a drug store? 9-10-88 9.
2) 49) dialog: No, no fair is fair, you want your fourth, you got it, Nadine. But I ain't taking on no apprentices and giving them a full end of my thing. You take it and get out. At this , Nadine looks confused, like she doesn't know what she wants.
2) 51) dialog: What do you want, David?
2) 53) dialog: You alone?
2) 55) dialog: You, Nadine, pick up those spoons, outfits and Cr that glass of water. Rick you get your goddamn gun out and get in the bedroom and back me up. 9-10-88 10. Both Rick and Nadine jump at his order. Bob opens the door and points his cocked gun at the long-haired disheveled young man.
2) 58) dialog: I ain't holding shit, David. Bob lowers his gun and tries his best to look innocent.
2) 59) dialog: I was just thinking of dropping by your place to see if you've got any speed. David smiles.
2) 61) dialog: What kind of speed you got?
2) 63) dialog: (grins) You know what, David? You could have little balls of shit wrapped up in those little cellophane bags of yours and your answer would always be the same, methadrine crystal.
2) 65) dialog: Okay, how much you got on you right now?
2) 67) dialog: Okay, just a moment, I got to talk to Dianne first. INT. BEDROOM DAY xe Bob enters and finds Dianne straddling the window sill, still clutching her armload of small bottles. She has heard everything in the next room and shows dissatisfaction with the way things are turning out. Bob grins at her sheepishly.
2) 68) dialog: How about some speed, baby? The man says that he's got methedrine crystal.
2) 70) dialog: Baby, listen to me, what night is this anyway? It's Sunday, right? How about us getting some speed, see, and then we'll all jump in the car and get that big fat pharmacy. You know how these things go. When you're hot, you shoot the works, when you're cold, you lay off a bit. Well right now I'm hot, baby, I'm so hot I'm burning all over.
2) 72) dialog: Oh crap, you know what I mean, Dianne. I'm hot to steal. We can do that any goddamn time. Bob moves away quickly and slams the bedroom door.
2) 73) dialog: For Christ-sakes, you got to bring up crap like that at a time like this? Bob looks around as if trying to spot the answer to his problems.
2) 76) dialog: So, okay, I ain't been doing so good in that department. What do you want me to do? I'm hooked baby, I'm not like a woman. I got to be the one that gets it up first . All you do is think about sex, you pervert. Dianne draws her outside leg back over the window sill into the room.
2) 78) dialog: I know you will, baby, I know you will. INT. LIVING ROOM DAY ek Bob enters.
2) 80) dialog: (looks perplexed) Hell no, I ain't got no blues! You know how hard it is to pick up blues these days?
2) 82) dialog: (eyebrows go up again) Hell no, if I had sixteenths, you think I'd be sitting here rapping to you about some shitty speed? Now how about some morphine. I got some good old morphine.
2) 84) dialog: Yeah, man, (lapsing into black jargon) I got quarters and halves. It's got a little atrophine in it, but. Just take you a little old ink blotter, lay the tablets out on them in rows, place one drop of water on each one and the atrophine eases right off into the blotter and you're home free. Throw the little fellers off in the spoon and you're raring to go.
2) 86) dialog: Well you know how it is these days, David. That's all I got and all I can give.
2) 88) dialog: (shrugs) What can I say. David fusses and fumes and heads for the door. Bob just grins at him.
2) 89) dialog: Too bad we couldn't do business, pard. 9-10-88 14. At the last second David turns from the door.
2) 91) dialog: I'll hit you with nine quarters per package, and that's just because I'm feeling good and because you're a real standup dude. I'll even throw in an ink blotter. How's that? I'll] take all ten quarters from you. Dianne comes from the bedroom and leans against the door jam.
2) 93) dialog: Seventy-five.
2) 97) dialog: Huh?
2) 99) dialog: You know what, sport? I'd kill that girl right here before I'd sell her to you. What'd you think I'm some kind of closet pimp? I never heard of such a violation of the right of womanhood in all my life. 9-10-88 15. David doesn't know how to react, so he just nods affirmatively to Bob's question.
2) 100) dialog: Out of curiosity, how many bags of speed would you give for her? David slumped with relief and headed toward Nadine with his hand extended, ready to feel for himself if all the curves were real.
2) 104) dialog: Alright, twirpy. You do that. Rick bolts the door behind David. Bob throws his gun on the couch on his way to examine the goods. Nadine is indignant.
2) 106) dialog: The next time you come to my aid and help me with my arithmatic when it's unfavorable to us, I'll drag you out and sell you to the first one-eyed Philippino I can find, for whatever he'll goddamn give me. Even if it's only a pack of chewing gum. Nadine turns away and goes outside. Rick goes after her.
2) 109) dialog: Don't give her no heavy, Rick. We've got work to do tonight.
3) 1) text: LIEUTENANT GENTRY, TROUSINSKI, and a handful of other police are investigating Bob's work. OUR VIEW moves in close on Gentry's FACE. (Perhaps he picks up a rabbit's foot off the floor or is chewing on a golf tee.)
4) 14) text: Bob isn't about to give in yet. He hides his gun inside a golf bag which is sitting in the corner of the room. Dianne stands up and wrestles Bob.
4) 15) dialog: What the fuck are you doing? The goddamn bitch has gone completely crazy. What do you want to go to bed for? Man, we ought to be out working. Dianne begins to undress Bob, and herself.
4) 16) dialog: I know this hospital on the coast, I just know is a virgin. I know it is.
4) 18) dialog: I mean this place has got security zero.
4) 20) dialog: I'll bet they got blow, mammy, all those hospitals hold big time coke.
4) 22) dialog: Babe...
4) 24) dialog: Hold you? What do you want me to hold you for? Man we ought to get cracking, get in the car and see if we can't make it up to that hospital before it gets daylight out. Boy you'll love this one, Dianne. I'11 even let you hacksaw some on the bars.
4) 26) dialog: Let's go on up the coast right now and just look over this hospital 1f nothing else. I mean, you'll just cream your jeans when you see it. It sits way back in the woods. It's a giveaway, baby. I can actually see those big gallon jugs of pills on the shelves. Thousands of them, baby, thousands of them. Coke by the twenty ounce jug! Can you imagine twenty ounces of coke? Did I ever tell you about the time we got the hospital over east of the mountains and got the twenty ounce jug of coke?
4) 36) dialog: Oh, you know how it is, out on the job all day. Work, work, work like a dog, man comes home, he wants to relax a bit
4) 38) dialog: Hey, wait a minute, that wasn't me, pal. I ain't hit no poison shop in years, look at.me. Do I look like I'm using. He does.
4) 40) dialog: You got a warrant, pal? 9-10-88 20.
4) 42) dialog: Wow, man, you guys are heavy, what you been reading, Mickey Spillane?
4) 44) dialog: What can I say? I'm not holding. Let me call my attorney. I'm sure he can straighten all this out in a few minutes. Two other DETECTIVES, Halamer and Trousinski, begin to trash the apartment. They reach the Golf clubs in the corner and Bob shakes Trousinski dump them out on the floor.
4) 45) dialog: Hey Gentry, what are you shooting these days? I got my handicap down pretty good near eight, how about that? his head yes and looks at Gentry.
4) 47) dialog: Shot three eagles on the back side alone last time I played Mayfield.
4) 49) dialog: Hey, how am I supposed to play if my clubs are all broke? is now breaking them in half. The sympathy play is working on Gentry.
4) 55) dialog: I tried to talk to her about her language but she still talks like a truck driver.
4) 57) dialog: Tear away. This place is rented and insured and my lawyer will no doubt file against you, because, pard, you ain't findin' nothing in this apartment unless you brought it with you.
4) 71) text: Light is streaming in the windows. Huddled in a corner of the living room, the agents gone, are Rick, Nadine, Diann and Bob. Some are showing twitchiness of withdrawal.
4) 73) dialog: No. Sue them? Hell no, I ain't going to sue them. I told you all this crap was rented and insured. What do I want to sue them for?
4) 75) dialog: Them rags? Fuck them rags, we can always go out and shoplift some more. Shit, I love them cops. Bob thought for a few seconds.
4) 76) dialog: Dianne, call your stupid sister and have her bring us enough clothes to go around. 9-10-88 23.
4) 78) dialog: All right, go call your smart sister.
4) 80) dialog: OK, I'm an easy rider. 39 INT. APARTMENT DAY ek Dianne's smart SISTER looks around the room in amazement. She touches parts of the wreckage.
4) 86) dialog: (laughs it off)
4) 89) dialog: Get her out of here, Dianne, get her out! And with that Bob hurriedly strides to the bathroom to ge out of range of the barrage of insults he knows are forthcoming.
4) 93) dialog: You two take the car and go look for an apartment.
4) 97) dialog: Don't fuck it up.
4) 99) dialog: Get one over on the west side. We haven't hit nothing there in weeks, so things ought to be cool over there.
4) 101) dialog: Okay. Don't get an uncomfortable place...Dianne and I will go over to my mom's in a taxi and get some clothes I left there, okay? INT. CAR DAY ak View of the window of the car, Rick driving, Nadine in th frame, looking out over the city passing by out the window.
5) 2) text: Dianne winces as the door swings open and Bob's MOTHER gasps, throwing her hand to her mouth.
5) 3) dialog: Hi, mom, how're you doing?
6) 0) text: Bob's Mom makes her way through a cozy house, a bird ina cage, a television that is on. She stops at a window that is open and Bob is on the other side of it.
7) 0) text: Mom shuts the window on Bob and Dianne. They make their way around the house. OTHER NEIGHBORS are looking on now. Bob and Dianne meet Mom at the back door.
7) 2) dialog: Mom, do you by chance still have those clothes I left here when we got sent to the joint last time?
7) 5) dialog: But Mom, how could you think that. ..
7) 9) dialog: (nods absent mindedly) If you say so, mom. Mrs Hughes groans in despair as Bob goes inside the house
7) 15) text: 42 9-10-88 28 Bob emerges with a suitcase filled with clothes draped across his shoulder.
7) 17) dialog: If there is, give it away. I can always get some more.
7) 19) dialog: Well, we gotta go, Mom. See you again soon. You be good now. And don't do anything I wouldn't do.
7) 23) text: Bob and Rick walk up the front path to the house.
7) 24) dialog: Hey, Rick, nice work. This looks like a fucking comfortable place.
7) 26) text: Rick, Nadine and Bob are in the living room of their new apartment. Bob is turning on the television which is in the middle of the room.
7) 28) dialog: I don't know. Why do you ask?
7) 30) dialog: Yeah, why the hell not. You just go ahead and stay here, Nadine. Just relax and watch a little TV. I can just see all those pretty colored bottles of pills that hospital is holding for me right now. Hot Dog!
7) 32) dialog: Nope, no dogs, and that's final.
7) 34) dialog: No fucking dogs! entered the living room.
7) 36) dialog: If you want them to know, Dianne, you tell them.
7) 44) text: Bob switches to another show and sits down to watch.
7) 45) dialog: ++ehell...
7) 53) dialog: Dog may be man's best friend but he really screwed me around I'll tell you that. On the TV, there is another show with a dog in it. And Bob gets right up and turns the TV off, losing his temper
7) 54) dialog: (shouting) It's off, we ain't going to the coast, we ain't going nowhere! Do you know what you have just done to us, Nadine, just by even mentioning dogs in our home?
7) 56) dialog: You just put a thirty-day hex on us, that's what. Right now our luck just flew out the window for thirty days. Have we got a calendar, so we'll know when the hex ends? What month is it anyway?
7) 58) dialog: You know why no one mentioned dogs? I'11 tell you why, because just to have mentioned them would have been a hex in itself.
7) 60) dialog: As a matter of fact there are a few, and we might as well discuss them right now, being as how we are shut down for thirty days anyway. HATS. If I ever see a hat laying on a bed...you'll never see me again.
7) 64) dialog: Because that's just the way it is, sweetie!
7) 65) dialog: And mirrors. Don't ever look at the back side of a mirror, because when you do you'll affect your future because you're looking at yourself backwards. Actually, you are looking at your innerself and you don’t recognize it because you've never seen that side of yourself before. {Bob is getting confused at his own explanation) But anyway, you can freeze into motion your future that way and it can be either good or bad, in any case, we just don't want to take chances. Bob breathes for a second.
7) 66) dialog: And there's cats. A lot of people are frightened of just black cats. As far as I'm concerned they're all bad. Have you ever noticed how they look at you sometimes, like they're superior to you? Well, that's because they are. They can readjust your future, especially if you sit on one, or in any way piss one off. So I just stay clear of the whole mess of them. Bob stops for a second again.
7) 67) dialog: The main thing is just remember the hats. A goddamn hat is the king of them all. It's worth at least fifteen years bad luck or even death. I'd rather have death myself, because I just couldn't stand no fifteen year hex. Rick and Nadine remain silent mulling over Bob's latest erratic behavior. Dianne is shaking her head yes, and wholly agreeing with Bob's philosophy.
7) 70) text: Dianne snuggles up next to Bob in bed. Bob has a golf club and mistakenly hits a bedroom lamp.
7) 72) dialog: Hell, I can't even figure it all out myself. I just know from years of experience the things to dodge and the signs to look for, like, it is as if whoever manages such things is telling you, "Get out of there and get it, kid, it's there for the taking and everything's free this week. I'll let you know when your time is up. You'll see the signs. All you have to do is look for the signs."
7) 75) text: A small dog BARKS in the distance, a street light glisten off the dew on lawns of houses surrounding Bob's apartment. A dated model pickup with cab-over camper is parked across from the apartment.
7) 85) text: A KNOCK comes on the front door of Bob's apartment. The light flashes on and Bob is there quickly with his gun, and Rick is ready to back him up. He opens the peephole and looks out. VIEW through the peephole, a little OLD LADY is standing outside in a bathrobe. BOB'S EXPRESSION of confusion. He let's Rick take a look through the door.
7) 87) dialog: What's the problem?
7) 90) dialog: No, we was still up.
7) 92) dialog: I assure you, ma'am, that I will take a look promptly.
7) 95) dialog: Well, they must have followed us when we moved, so I guess we'll just have to teach thema little lesson.
7) 100) dialog: The reason you can never get Bob Hughes for possession of narcotics is that he has an arrangement with the guy that lives on the north side of him. They have a fishing line running between their houses and Bob signals the guy... OMIT ak INT. COFFEE SHOP DAY (medium close up)
7) 105) dialog: Say, pal, you live here?
7) 107) dialog: Nice weather we're having.
7) 109) dialog: That's a real sharp pickup that you got there. Gus (suspicious) Well thanks.
7) 113) dialog: Say, did you see that fella creeping around your house last night with that ladder? Gus stares at Bob, alarm spreading across his features.
7) 114) dialog: Yeah, well I never would have seen the guy neither but about two o'clock this morning I look out the window and sure enough, there the guy is. A big ugly sonofabitch wearing a long dark trenchcoat and he's standing up on top of his ladder and he's looking in your upstairs windows. Gus looks up at his window, growing very angry and grumbling and looks like he is about to hit Bob. Gus I'll shoot the sonofabitch. I'11 shoot the sonofabitch right in the balls. Bob backs up a bit. This is going to go better than he planned. 52c
7) 121) dialog: Wait a minute, hold on a second mister. I don't want no part of no shooting.
7) 123) dialog: I shouldn't have even told you about the guy. In fact, I think I ought to go right now and call the police.
7) 125) dialog: Are you threatening me? Gus No, idiot. I'm promising you. Bob turns away and hurries down the sidewalk like he had some place to go.
7) 138) dialog: Just wait. Bob breaks into another laughing fit. Nadine gets upset and gets out of her chair and goes to the bedroom.
7) 141) text: Halamer and Trousinski (also known as the Strangler) tip-toeing across the lawn quietly. They peer up at the curtained window in Bob's house. VIEW of Bob's window, and then of the uncurtained one nex door. Halamer and Trousinski whisper, but we cannot hear them. Carefully they raise a ladder they are carrying and lean it against the side of Gus' house. This causes a muffled THUMP.
7) 153) dialog: It's showtime, folks.
7) 155) text: Bob and the crew watch the action outside.
7) 158) dialog: Those cops are gonna be pretty mad now. Let's get the fuck outa here. Tomorrow morning, Rick, you take Nadine and get the car ready, get the thing tuned up and Dianne, get the necessary supplies to make our move. We haven't been cross roading in years.
7) 164) text: Bob sneaks out the front door of his apartment, gets abou halfway down the hallway and is suddenly grabbed from behind and punched, and is SURROUNDED by three PLAIN CLOTHES COPS, one of them is Gentry. 9-10-68 42 Bob is on the ground looking up at them.
7) 166) dialog: We told the investigating officers all we knew about that and we haven't got anything further to add.
7) 168) dialog: Fuck you Gentry. I won the goddamn war, not you. Who are you to dictate the terms? Bob jumps up and tries to get in a punch, but the officer deck him and he is on the ground again.
7) 169) dialog: Why don't you find you a small town police department where you can just step in as chief where all you've got to worry about is the usual Saturday night drunks and the kids on Halloween?
7) 171) text: 43 ce GENTRY Let me help you up, Bob. The police leave Bob.
7) 172) dialog: Fuck you Gentry, fuck you. I just wish that it had been you out there that caught some of the buckshot. Gentry is already halfway down the hall by the time we se him again. Nadine reaches Bob, who has blood on his mouth and shirt.
7) 174) dialog: Shit! Who ever heard of talking nice toa cop? That crap went out with the forties. I tried talking to a cop nice and respectful once and you know what he did?
7) 176) dialog: He kicked me in the kneecap, that's what the bastard did.
7) 178) dialog: They kicked me in the kneecap then too, but at least I'm expecting it. Close view of Bob
7) 179) dialog: Oh, we're going to leave town all right, but don't think any chickenshit cops is running us out of town, because they ain't. It's only because I think it's the smart thing to do.
8) 16) text: Bob waits for the officer to step to the side of the car. He gives him a very wide smile.
8) 17) dialog: Is something the trouble officer? Bob gives an oh-so-cheerie smile. And the cop is looking around the inside of the car from the drivers window.
8) 20) text: Bob coming through a revolving door with a suitcase he just picked up. 93 94 9-10-88 46 INT. MOTEL DAY ae Bob is pacing the floor reading from the yellow pages. Rick is lounging on the room's only couch with his head cradled in Nadine's lap. Dianne is in an overstuffed chair rubbing her legs and thighs, wetting her lips, trembling occasionally, and sighing often as if it is the only way she can keep breathing, while she watches Bob pace back and forth.
8) 21) dialog: OWL PHARMACY, Prescription services, Convenient downtown location! Bob rips that page out of the phone book. He puts the book down and reads off some more pharmacies. Nadine looks depressed. She tugs a hangnail on her finger and thinks REAL HARD about something.
8) 22) dialog: Okay! Let's get off our duffs and out on the road. We ain't going to find no morphine hanging off the fir trees. Dianne, you pick out some doctors and try putting the old headache act on them. Rick and Nadine, you come along with me. We got to find out just what poison shops in this town are holding.
8) 30) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine in the front seat, Bob driving, and holding the torn Yellow pages in his hand, searching the address out.
8) 31) dialog: Are we lost.
8) 36) dialog: The point is to get the pharmacist to look in his stash for dilaudid tablets...thereby showing us just where the stuff is hid.
9) 7) text: Bob, ever-so-politely speaks to the pharmacist.
9) 8) dialog: Say, I've got a one milligram dilaudid prescription and I've been all over town trying to find me some. Could you possibly £111 this prescription for me?
9) 32) dialog: Don't look so glum. The bastard's holding all right.
9) 34) dialog: Oh yeah, well they were just putting the shuck on you, because I know the bastards had dilaudid in there not too awful long ago, and besides, they wouldn't have gotten so paranoid if they wasn't holding. Bob checks another pharmacy on the yellow pages list. EXT. OK USED CARS DAY ee
9) 35) text: Bob is signing a paper on the hood of a red pickup truck.
9) 36) dialog: Now the reason that we have this truck is not because we necessarily need another vehicle.
9) 38) dialog: But we can move easier, in this sort of a vehicle. We also have the right license plates on our ass, so's the average Joe thinks that we're farmers just in town for a little ride.
10) 0) text: Bob, Nadine and Rick get out of the red pickup and walk into a bar. 107 108 109 9-10-88 51
10) 1) dialog: Now, there's always something that you can pick up if you keep your eyes open. Sometimes it is so obvious it escapes the casual observer.
10) 5) text: Bob, Nadine and Rick walking by a darkened drug store.
10) 6) dialog: Did you see that? Everyone is still walking.
10) 8) dialog: The transoms, didn't you guys see the open transoms?
10) 11) dialog: Those little windows open above the front door, Rick. Wow! What a birds nest on the ground, and you guys never even saw it. (pointing) You got to keep your eyes open, you got to look. Bob whistles.
10) 13) dialog: And that nasty-assed bastard pharmacist saying "No, we don't have no dilaudid, haven't stocked that crap in years". Well, well, we'll just see 1£ that bastard wasn't lying through his teeth or not, right this goddamn minute. Rick you go back to the pickup and get that small bar I shoved under the front seat. Bob and Nadine walk away arm in arm. Bob flirting with Nadine. Bob Nadine and I will walk around a bit and see what all is happening on this street. See if there's any drunks or couples sitting around in any of these cars parked along here.
10) 15) text: Rick fetching the bar from the front seat of the truck an walking back Bob's direction.
10) 17) text: Rick meets up with Bob and Nadine.
10) 18) dialog: Okay, Rick here's the play. We get the traffic right first, then we move over in front of those open transoms. You cup your hands, I stick my foot in, you lift, up I go. Rick nods.
10) 19) dialog: I'll let you in the back door and we can amble over to the truck, in back of the Pharmacy.
10) 21) text: Bob and Rick move fast, step up under the pharmacy's entrance and Rick lifts while Bob pulls, up and over.
10) 23) text: Bob whirls and races along the shelves until he comes to locked door leading to a back room. With a deft movement, Bob springs the door in a matter of seconds. 113 114 115 116 117 9-10-88 53
10) 26) dialog: fake this, baby, and put it in the truck. Rick, step inside here a moment. I want you to look at these two safes. MOVING VIEW of Nadine running with the drawer, clutching tt to her stomach like a cigarette girl. She runs so hard she sounds like a milk truck beginning its delivery.
10) 32) dialog: Nadine starts to lower the whole drawer into the bed of the truck, then lets it rest on the truck's side panel while she opens the door of the truck. Nadine then grabs the drawer, swings it backward as far a her arms can go and brings the drawer forward as if she i a fish wife emptying a pan of water, spilling the bottles all over the seat and floor of the truck. Bob can't believe what he's seeing.
10) 37) text: Nadine bends down with the empty drawer between her legs then straightens up, flipping the drawer up and over her head. It sails into the air... SPINS AROUND a few times and lands in the street a few parking meters away. A small grey VOLKSWAGEN rounds a corner and slows down near the drawer, seemingly studying it momentarily, then it drives on. ANOTHER CAR is coming as Bob and Rick reach shaking Nadine. They quickly push her into the pickup and Bob pulls away, sitting on a pile of bottles, for once saying absolutely nothing. 122 123 124
11) 3) text: Bob takes a deep breath.
11) 4) dialog: Okay. Let's get all these bottles together, put them in a sack and you, Nadine, you take that sack and walk over to those bushes along side that house and wait for us while we go back and get that drawer and clean it up. You didn't have any gloves on and, baby, that clean cream drawer is going to have nothing but your fingerprints all over it. It takes a second to get all the bottles together. INT. TRUCK NIGHT (later)
11) 5) text: The truck is moving. Bob and Rick breathe a sigh of relief as the headlights of the truck spotlight the drawe in front of them. Rick jumps out of the truck and picks up the drawer and gets back in the truck.
11) 7) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine have entered, Dianne comes into the room to see what they found, but Nadine doesn't stay, she marches back to her room and slams the door shut.
11) 10) dialog: I'll be goddamned.
11) 12) dialog: Powdered dilaudid, that's what. A whole untouched one eighth ounce bottle of powdered D. And there should be another partially filled bottle here somewhere. Bob spreads them all out on the coffee table and separate them into different categories.
11) 13) dialog: You know what this bottle is worth, Rick? He holds up the bottle that is only two inches high. Rick shakes his head as he takes the bottle from Bob.
11) 14) dialog: Well, I'll tell you what it's worth. It's worth a goddamn fortune, at least a small fortune. That there's got eight hundred and forty some odd sixteenths in it, and at ten dollars a sixteenth, that comes to around eight thousand four hundred dollars worth of the best goddamn dope money can buy. Slaps his leg.
11) 18) dialog: Okay, pards, I'l] show you how we'll hide this stuff in these motels. Open up that trap door to the attic, and I'll push you on up through. You cross over a couple of these units and stash the stuff over somebody else's room.
11) 36) text: Rick breaks into a car in the hospital parking lot. Bob and Dianne kiss before he takes off. Dianne watches from her stolen car as Rick, in his car heads right between two parked police cars ata hair-raising thirty-five miles an hour. Only three feet separates the two cars, so Rick gets both of their rear fenders in the initial rush.
11) 40) text: Then he throws the car in reverse, and floorboards the accelerator. His car clings to the smashed police cars for a second while his tires scream and pour out smoke. then abruptly, the torn and intermeshed metal of the cars separates and away Rick roars again until he comes to a halt forty feet away against another late model car. VIEW of the Hospital, people are hanging out the windows watching. 133 134 135 9-10-88 60 Rick keeps right on working, he gives the police another shot for good measure, then he picks out an automobile behind and off to one side and gives it a bank shot that crumples the right front fender. TWO POLICEMEN come running from the front doors of the hospital. They run across the front lawn less than a hundred yards away from Rick. Then Dianne gets into the act. She holds her horn down causing one continuous blast, and squeals out of her position toward the officers, who are running after Rick. VIEW of Dianne closing in on the officers, who take a div to the ground. Dianne keeps going until she comes to Rick, who has ditched his car and is now on foot. She stops momentarily to let Rick in, then turns and takes off burning rubber all the way out of the parking lot. BOB SEES and HEARS the pandemonium from where he is hidin up against the side of the building.
11) 41) dialog: They'll probably talk about this one for years. He smiles and quickly smashes out a window and climbs int a vacant office.
11) 45) dialog: Fuck it! The sweat is pouring down Bob's face in rivulets, his clothes are damp and his hands are beginning to shake. He tries forcing the bar into the crack beside the cabine door, but the bar jumps toward him every time he applies pressure. He tries lifting the cabinet free from the wall, but it i solid. He jams the pry bar between the wall and the cabinet and gives a mighty heave. The cabinet bends toward him, but it's obvious that this will take too long Bob stands back from the cabinets and brings the wedge shaped point of the bar down in a cutting motion in an attempt to tear a hole in the sheet metal and more or les can-open the thing enough to reach inside.
11) 48) dialog: ugh! He raises his pry-bar to go for another cabinet when the door of the pharmacy breaks open behind the weight of .TW BURLY ATTENDANTS. They hurl themselves into the room, take one look at Bob and immediately begin closing in. 138 139 140 141 142 143 9-10-88 62 Bob swings his bar at them, and leaps over to a window overlooking one of the quaint little gardens in the hospital courtyard. With one swing of the bar, he smashes out the window and dives through it.
11) 73) dialog: Honey! I'm home!
11) 75) dialog: What in the hell is going on? Dianne turns and looks at Bob's bedraggled appearance.
11) 77) dialog: Who put that hat on that goddamned bed?
11) 79) dialog: (seeing Nadine) What?
11) 81) dialog: She bit it.
11) 83) dialog: Who gave her the stuff, she couldn't have done that on no two-sixteenths. What's she been doing, saving it up? Bob picks up a bottle beside the bed, the small blue partially filled one. Bob shakes Rick takes
11) 84) dialog: Where in the hell did she get this?
11) 86) dialog: I knew there should have been another opened bottle. She must've picked it up while we were collecting the bottles off the floor of the truck. Stupid conniving bitch.
11) 88) dialog: She beat you, man. Your own woman beat you out of part of your own cut on a score. She got what she deserves. a swing at Bob but misses and sends his hand through a plaster wall. 152 153 Cr 154 9-10-88 66
11) 89) dialog: Not only that, the dumb bitch threw a hex on us that we'll all be lucky to survive. And she left us with and 0.D.'d stiff which, if I'm not mistaken, is paramount to a murder beef in this state. And for Christsakes get that hat off the bed. Bob kicks the hat off the bed and backs out of the room away from Rick who is pulling his hand out of the wall. Dianne is clinging to Bob's arm. Bob slams the door.
11) 92) dialog: I hid in a woman's restroom. When I woke up and left, I ran into a nurse and gave her a story that I was looking for the emergency room. They fixed me up pretty good.
11) 95) dialog: You know what, Dianne? That's probably the best idea you've come up with in years.
11) 97) dialog: We got to get Rick here in bed. He's been up all night and probably don't know what the hell he's doing, do you, Rick? 155 156 157
11) 105) dialog: Hell, it's like trying to raise a couple of goddamn kids when you take on a couple like that and try and teach them to steal. Do you know that, Dianne? It's just like raising children. All the hassles, all the petty Jealousies, all the what-ifs.
11) 107) dialog: I'm getting too old for this shit. These goddamn kids today, they ain't got no sense at all. They're all TV babies. They been watching people killing and fucking each other on that goddamn boob tube and that's all they know. Hell, they think it's legal, that it's the right thing to do.
11) 109) dialog: Wow, what a busy day. 9-10-88 68 Bob checks the peephole.
11) 110) dialog: I think it's the guy from the front desk. Bob slowly opens the door. A uniformed MOTEL MANAGER is outside. Bob closes
11) 112) dialog: Yes.
11) 114) dialog: No, why?
11) 116) dialog: You mean I got to move out right now?
11) 118) dialog: Well you just listen here. One of our colleagues is very sick and I just don't feel that we want to up and try to move to another motel...
11) 120) dialog: Let me come down to the office in a minute. I'll be right down. the door.
11) 121) dialog: They're having a sheriff's convention.
11) 124) dialog: Jesus Christ, a sheriff's convention, no less. Why couldn't it be a pharmacist's convention?
11) 129) dialog: I got a colleague in that motel room that's got the mumps, I'm scared to move him. What if they should spread. Hell, we'd hit you with a law suit that would ruin you. Now can't you juggle those rooms around a bit or get the intendeds a reservation somewhere else?
11) 134) dialog: It looks like a fucking sheriffs convention out there. but they're going to let us keep the room one more night.
11) 136) dialog: I don't know.
11) 138) dialog: (astounded) Are you mad, Dianne? She'd be oozing down out of the attic in less than a week. These people around here have seen her. They're going to remember that she was with us. No we got to get her out tonight. INT. MOTEL DAY (later)
11) 139) text: Bob and Dianne sitting across from each other. Bob is showing signs of wear.
11) 143) dialog: Yeah, I suppose you could say that. I'm not exactly thrilled over her having left us in such an abrupt manner.
11) 145) dialog: Like what?
11) 147) dialog: Oh, yeah, well 1'11 tell you what's wrong. I'm scared to fucking death that some big fucking cop is going to come rumbling through that door any minute and say, "Out this is my fucking room, out." (long pause) Do we have that garment bag in the car?
11) 151) dialog: God what a hassle. Bob wipes his brow.
11) 154) dialog: (to Dianne) You go first, unlock the car. Look around a bit while you're doing it. See if anyone is lurking about. Dianne puts her coat on, smiles, turns to the door and heads for the parking lot. Bob stands and fidgets in front of the curtains, not watching Dianne in the parking lot. He can hear the trunk of the car open. Then a few seconds later Dianne returns.
11) 157) text: Bob crosses the parking lot with Nadine over his shoulder, making it seem like she doesn't weigh a thing. He puts Nadine in the trunk and returns to the room. In front of their room is a suspicious cop. Bob ad libs.
11) 158) dialog: Did you remember the diapers, hon?
11) 160) text: Bob enters, a little winded.
11) 161) dialog: Wow, what a drag. I mean, that broad was heavy. You're right, she would have been fat in a couple of years. Jesus, I'm glad she decided to go and do her thing now instead of waiting until then. I'd of never made it. Bob looks at Dianne and tried to grin but it didn't come out quite right. He looked like a little kid about to bawl. 9-10-88 73
11) 162) dialog: How about going up in the attic and getting out our stuff and dividing it up. We'll give Rick the car and the stuff we sent ahead to those bus depots. Figure it all out. Don't count him short. Give him the big end. Dianne stared at Bob until he turned away.
11) 164) dialog: The thing is I've been thinking about heading on back to the coast. I think maybe I'll go on down and get on that twenty-one day methadone withdrawal program, get my head together.
11) 166) dialog: No I'm not, Dianne. I can't do it anymore. shakes his head no.
11) 168) dialog: Why can't you come along?
11) 170) dialog: Why not?
11) 172) dialog: Do whatever you want, Dianne. Bob looks around. 172 173 174 175 176 9-10-88 74
11) 173) dialog: Take whatever you need or whatever we got. I only need enough to get me to the coast. Dianne is acting like she doesn't know whether to believe her man or not, knowing that this is the end of their relationship if Bob goes.
11) 177) dialog: Get the shovel, Dianne. I'11l handle her.
11) 179) dialog: You, Rick, stay here and see that nobody comes along and wants to know if we're having a picnic or something.
11) 182) dialog: I'm sorry Nadine, if I'd have known this was going to happen then I would never had let you come along. 177 178 179 180 9-10-66 75
11) 184) dialog: Well, Nadine, it's every man and woman for his or her self. And it's time for your old friend Bob to take off. Maybe I'm changing in my Autumn years. ‘Cause I don't want to happen to me what's happened to you. Bob looks back to Dianne and Rick then back at Nadine.
11) 185) dialog: And Dianne, I don't think that she can put up with the straight life. So I guess I'm going alone.
11) 187) text: Bob is finishing the job, then he randomly walks around breaking sticks and things in a temper. Then he stops, calming himself, gathering his thoughts, and marches out of the woods.
11) 189) text: Bob walks out of the woods. Dianne is by the side of the road, and Rick is inside of the car. Bob opens the rear door of the car and gets his clothes out of the back and puts them in the back of the truck. He pauses, not looking at Dianne or Rick, but aware that they are watching him. Bob can't look back at Dianne.
11) 199) text: Bob walks across the lot to the Bus Depot.
11) 209) text: Bob's face can be seen reflecting off the window over the passing landscape, the sun settling.
11) 213) text: Bob's face.
11) 215) text: Bob watches out the window. A bright drive in passes by.
11) 223) text: Bob is looking up at the front door of the center.
11) 226) dialog: I want to sign up for your withdrawal program.
11) 228) dialog: Night before last.
11) 230) dialog: Yes.
11) 232) dialog: No.
11) 234) dialog: This time?
11) 236) dialog: No, but it's my first time withdrawing on methadone.
11) 238) dialog: All my life.
11) 240) dialog: Well, since I've been twelve or thirteen I've been using narcotics. I guess you could say that was all my life.
11) 242) dialog: Twenty six.
11) 244) dialog: I don't know, curiosity I guess. I just thought I'd try it.
11) 246) dialog: Well, lady, you just found you one of those people what ain't got any other way to turn, so give me a jolt and let me go on my merry way.
11) 250) text: Bob is washing his face. He looks up at the ceiling. He listens to a song on a radio.
11) 253) text: Bob is in a chair talking again to Mrs. Watermaker.
11) 255) dialog: Yes.
11) 257) dialog: I don't know.
11) 259) dialog: Nope.
11) 261) dialog: Nope.
11) 263) dialog: No.
11) 265) dialog: Yes. A few times.
11) 267) dialog: Oh, burglary, robbery, possession, grand theft, stuff like that.
11) 269) dialog: I don't know. Twelve years more or less I suppose.
11) 271) dialog: what do you mean?
11) 273) dialog: Why not?
11) 275) dialog: Well, not all the time. But I used all the time I was inside, I mean, what do you want, lady, my life story? Well, I'll tell it to you. I was a junkie. I liked dope. I liked the lifestyle. I was on top of it all but it wasn't real. You don't see my kind of people, because my kind of people don't come down here and beg dope. They go out and get it and if they miss, they go to jail and then they kick alone without nothing in some holding tank. 192 y-ib-b6 83
11) 277) dialog: (without hesitation) No, I don't think so, ma'am.
11) 279) dialog: Well, to begin with, no one, and I mean no one can talk a junkie out of using, so all your counseling is just wasted words and you might as well have flushed them down the toilet. A junkie needs his thing nine times out of ten just to be able to live with himself. He needs it just like a diabetic needs insulin. How are you going to sit and talk a diabetic out of using insulin?
11) 281) dialog: That really is a tough question, lady. I may think I know the answer, and then maybe I don't. When you ask a dope fiend why he uses, it's just about like asking a normal person why they like sex. And I suppose different people will come up with different answers, ranging from it just feels good, to I can't resist the urge, to it's all part of love, to I only do it to have children. Lady, a dope fiend will give you just about the same answers, with the exception of the last one. I've yet to hear a dope fiend claim he shot dope in an attempt to have children. INT. HOTEL LOBBY DAY ex Bob is sitting by the window, watching cars and people go by outside. The elevator doors open and TOM walks out, past the hotel desk, where a tall, cadaverish CLERK is sorting mail. The Clerk sees Tom. 9-10-88 84
11) 284) dialog: Father Murphy? Hey, Tom.
11) 286) dialog: Yeah, it's been a long time. You living here too?
11) 288) dialog: Naw, I am kicking like a goddamn mule. Those bastards at the methadone clinic want me good and sick before they'll process my application. But you ought to be able to get on easy?
11) 290) dialog: Not me, Tom. But I'll keep you company.
11) 291) text: 193 9-10-68 EXT PARK DAY ae Bob and Tom sitting on park bench. INT. TOM'S ROOM DAY ae Tom and Bob are sitting in the small room, talking.
11) 293) dialog: And they didn't kick his ass.?!
11) 295) dialog: You know, Tom, you taught me a lot, like stay out of a boy and girl fight. All the old time stories, how yoou used to stick your arm through the bars of the cell and a guard would fire you up a shot of morphine. They never did that for me.
11) 302) dialog: You missed your calling, Tom. You should have been a philosopher.
11) 305) text: Bob at work, he is drilling holes into a metal plate, then measuring the holes, and checking for burrs.
11) 307) text: Bob is walking cheerily down the street, wearing some new clothes. David walks out of a doorway after Bob passes, not taking too much notice of Bob, but aware that he passed by.
11) 309) text: Bob cooking soup that he has still in the can. LATER, Bob eating under a small light, while sitting on his bed.
12) 0) text: Bob reaches the hallway to his own room and goes inside, after unlocking the door. 196 9-10-88 87
12) 2) text: Bob closes the door and locks it, but sitting behind him is Detective GENTRY, in a chair next to the bed, under a reading lamp. Bob smoothly takes off his coat and hangs it up. (Nothing to hide attitude)
12) 3) dialog: Catching up on some reading, Gentry? Gentry ignores the remark.
12) 5) dialog: Nothing happened. Bob plops onto his bed and braces his hands behind his head.
12) 7) dialog: To tell the truth, I hadn't given it much thought.
12) 9) dialog: What about the Trousinski? How's he feeling about the whole affair?
12) 11) dialog: Well, I don't know what to tell you, I gota Job, you know. I start work tomorrow.
12) 14) dialog: You know how whimsical women are. She finally found another dude to chase after, and down the road she went, chasing after him.
12) 20) dialog: Who's there?
12) 23) dialog: You don't ever change, do you, Dianne?
12) 25) dialog: I was just remarking on how good you look. I didn't mean nothing by it.
12) 27) dialog: Is that all you got to say? Is that why you come up here, or did you just want to see me down and out?
12) 29) dialog: Oh, so-so. I got a job, bet you never expected to see that.
12) 31) dialog: Oh, down at some machine shop on Western.
12) 33) dialog: Drill holes.
12) 35) dialog: Yeah, you know, like the holes that bolts fit into and such.
12) 37) dialog: Well, to tell you the truth, it's kind of a drag.
12) 39) dialog: Yeah, I am, Dianne. Sit down here, why don't you take off your coat and stay awhile.
12) 42) dialog: Thanks, Dianne. I sure do appreciate you all thinking of me.
12) 44) dialog: Yeah?
12) 46) dialog: No, baby, it wasn't you. It was Nadine's death and the hex that she threw on us with the hat. And then I panicked when I looked out into that parking lot and seen all those cop cars. I just knew I was dead. Everything up to then had gone wrong and so I started coping deuces. I prayed like never before. I said “God, Devil, Sun, whoever you are up there that controls this whirly-girly mad tumbling world, please have pity on me. Please let me get this poor girl's body out of yroLu-bo 91
12) 47) dialog: (continued) this motel room and into the ground so I don't have to spend the rest of my life in prison. And God, Sun, Satan, if you'll] do that for me, I'll show my appreciation by going back to the coast, getting on a methadone program, getting a job and living the good life." Well, I got out, and I promised, so here I am.
12) 49) dialog: Yeah. And, you know, for all the boredom the good life brings, it's not so bad. Even this crummy little room isn't so bad. I'ma regular guy. I got my regular job. And my regular room. Now I got my woman. . . Dianne sits down on the bed and sighs.
12) 51) dialog: Why don't you go tell your friends you're going to stay the night, and then come back up here and bed down with me for awhile?
12) 55) dialog: I'll see you, Dianne. (Bob leads Dianne out the door.) You stop back by sometime.
12) 57) text: Bob waves at Dianne as she walks down the hall.
12) 58) dialog: It sure was good to see you. And you're really looking good. I sure wish I could go with you and win you back.
12) 60) text: Bob slowly closes the door and wanders back to his bed and sits down slowly, thinking.
13) 0) text: Bob walks down the hall of his hotel and opens the door to his room. He is carrying the groceries. 206 207 208
13) 3) text: Bob enters his room, puts down the groceries and pokes around his closet, under a pile of rags in one corner, he comes up with the package Dianne had left him the night before and leaves the room.
13) 6) dialog: A little gift, someone left it for me last night, but I'm not going to need it, seein' as how I've got my new program going, so you take it. INT. ROOM DAY xk They both step into the room and Tom shuts and locks the door behind him. He lays the sock on the bedside table and empties the contents.
13) 7) dialog: I don't know exactly what's in it, but...
13) 9) dialog: I'm not so sure. I've come a long, weird road since I knew you as a kid, Tom. I took everything you told me and took it further. Hitting the poisons when everybody else was cleaning up, getting on the program. I hada good run, but people got hurt. People were 209 210 9-10-88 94
13) 10) dialog: (continued) shot, busted, people died. I can't do it anymore. The girl I married still thinks she's Ma Barker but I'm thinking like Pa Kettle. My cross-roading days are done, I guess I hope to never see another sitting-duck Pharmacy. And I have to confess I don't know what it was all for.
13) 15) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. What do you want?
13) 17) dialog: Man, I ain't got no dope. You think I'd be living in this flea trap 1£ I had any dope? Hell, I'm on the methadone program, and you guys come to me to rob for dope? Boy, that sure is a laugh. 9-10-88 95 Bob tries to make his point by letting out a laugh, but it doesn't work. The laugh doesn't come out right. It sounds more like a howl.
13) 19) dialog: Is that your voice, David? David kicks him again in the head. Hands tie Bob's hands together.
13) 20) dialog: David, you little punk. I'm telling you the truth. I'm going straight. You ought to try it sometime. It's good for the soul.
13) 37) dialog: The hat. Gentry leans closer.
13) 39) dialog: Tell Dianne to watch out for the hat. Tell her.
13) 42) dialog: No, the TV baby shot me.
13) 44) dialog: Never mind. I'11 tell her myself. Gentry is a bit confused, but writes it down in the black book. Close VIEW of Bob's face, his smile, and the VIEW tilts up to see out the ambulance window.