1) 0) text: CLOSE VIEW of Rx sign, Bob steps neatly past the checkout counter and takes a look at veterinary supplies ona shelf. DIANNE enters the Pharmacy. - THE NEXT PERSON to enter the Pharmacy is NADINE, not long out of her teens, her blouse is scanty and her skirt stop well above the knees. 9-10-88 3. THE FOURTH MEMBER of the group enters, RICK, the muscle. Nadine proceeds down the store's main aisle and stops at the perfume counter. Rick takes a post near the entrance pretending to look through the get well cards. Dianne is engaged in an over the counter conversation wit the DRUGGIST. She has a pack of gum in her hand.
1) 1) dialog: Do you have Wintogreen gum? Why don't you have wintogreen gum?
1) 3) dialog: Could you order it?
1) 6) dialog: (to the counter girl) Excuse me...are you too busy to take this money for some cough syrup? The counter girl, holding Nadine, looks at Dianne like sh is crazy and Dianne smiles for the benefit of all the SURROUNDING CUSTOMERS, and quietly leaves. VIEW of Nadine arched over the low display, and hearing a distant AMBULANCE SIREN, she sits up, rearranges her clothing and hair, tries to look embarrassed, deftly disengages the hands of the counter girl holding her, and walks out the door. She is followed by Rick. The druggist and the checkout girl stand in amazement as they leave. We see the druggist's has a nagging suspicion that they have been HAD.
2) 1) dialog: How'd we do?
2) 3) dialog: I wish they'd get a move on, I've told them and told them to get the hell out once we've made our goddamn move. Fuck me blue! Bob raises up enough to look out the back window.
2) 5) dialog: Just who in the fuck do you think you are, my father? If you can cuss, so can I goddamnit! Bob sits up and keeps looking out the rear window, and spots Rick and Nadine casually strolling down the sidewalk, hand in hand, toward the car.
2) 14) dialog: Goddamnit, Bob, why do you have to fix in the car? Can't you wait until we get home like everybody else? 9-10-88
2) 18) dialog: You're goddamn lucky that I have to keep my eyes on the road. . .
2) 20) dialog: .» . .and the steering wheel in my hand because otherwise you would be a good candidate for strangling.
2) 43) dialog: Nadine, you can't shoot no goddamn blue. Give her half of one, Bob, that'll keep her in the crapper all afternoon.
2) 48) dialog: Don't give her a damn thing. Kick her ass out in the street where we found her.
2) 69) dialog: What do you want that goddamn speed for? You know how ringy it makes you. It turns you into a different person, Bob, and I don't much like that person. Bob holds out his hands, palms up in the age old gesture, as if to say, "Oh, what the hell, one more time isn't going to hurt anything." And Bob's voice takes on the excitement of a small boy in a candy shop.
2) 71) dialog: Alright, buster, 1£ you're so goddamn hot why don't you lay me down on the bed and make love to me right now? Bob turns away in disgust. 17 18 19 9-10-88 12.
2) 77) dialog: Hell, how much goddamn speed you going to get off that creep? Be sure to get enough for all of us. And don't you ever call me a pervert again or I'l] cut your fucking heart out! Bob relaxes and grins.
2) 102) dialog: Pick up your stuff and go. We got some things to do. David picks up his stuff and heads for the door.
4) 13) text: We can see through the window into Rick and Nadine's room as they are talking. We pedestal down and see Dianne digging a hole where she places the drugs. OMIT ae INT. LIVING ROOM NIGHT xe
4) 14) text: Bob isn't about to give in yet. He hides his gun inside a golf bag which is sitting in the corner of the room. Dianne stands up and wrestles Bob.
4) 17) dialog: You're crazy Bob, you know that? You ain't fucked me in a month and you're crazier than a shithouse rat.
4) 19) dialog: We just pulled off the best score we've made in months and off you trot looking for more.
4) 21) dialog: why don't you let me dive next time? I'm as good as you and you know it. I've even heard you tell people that I'm better than you are. I'm sick of standing around coughing and driving the car and not getting fucked. 30 31 9-10-88 18.
4) 23) dialog: You know me, honey, I can't stand to go on forever like this. Why don't you roll over and lay down on the bed and just hold me for awhile.
4) 25) dialog: Oh, boy, you'll let me hacksaw on the bars. Whoopee. For Christsakes, you mean you're not even going to let me go inside? I thought you loved me. You won't fuck me and you won't let me go inside. Bob and Dianne begin to mess around.
4) 27) dialog: (repeats Bob's last line along with him) Only about ten thousand times. Dianne body freezes a the SOUND of the front door RIPPING away from its hinges, and crashing to the apartment floor FOUR BURLY NARCOTICS DETECTIVES COME galloping across the downed door like a bunch of mustangs breaking out of a corral. Guns drawn, faces tight, muscles coiled, they pair off into two teams, two grab Bob and Dianne, and the other two knock the door down to Rick and Nadine's bedroom.
4) 34) dialog: Yeah, it's goddamn Bob's fault. He won't take them out for exercise anymore. Gentry smiles.
4) 52) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. Why don't you just go piss up a rope, fuckwad.
4) 77) dialog: Why do I have to go to the phone like I am? And just why does my sister have to be stupid?
4) 79) dialog: I'll go make the goddamn call, but you either got to fuck me when I get back, or you got to let me go in that hospital pharmacy with you when we hit it.
4) 82) dialog: No, fireaxes.
4) 84) dialog: I was just reading about tornadoes in the encyclopedia. It's very scientific, I think, and they were saying that they do a lot of damage but they rarely hit the inside of an apartment.
4) 92) dialog: Yeah, thanks, smarty, sorry I couldn't be more sociable, but what can one do when one doesn't even have a chair to offer? EXT. APARTMENT DAY (later) Bob hands Rick the keys to the car. Everyone is dressed in clothes that don't really fit them, in style at least. Bob has a duck-hunting jacket on with a duck sewn on to the back of it, and Dianne is wearing a bowling shirt. Rick and Nadine are dressed like a very conservative suburban couple.
5) 2) text: Dianne winces as the door swings open and Bob's MOTHER gasps, throwing her hand to her mouth.
7) 0) text: Mom shuts the window on Bob and Dianne. They make their way around the house. OTHER NEIGHBORS are looking on now. Bob and Dianne meet Mom at the back door.
7) 13) dialog: Why do you hate Bob and I so, Mama? We never done anything to make you hate us so.
7) 35) dialog: Tell them what happened to the last one we had, Bob. Bob stops tuning the TV and sits down trying to forget th others are there.
7) 37) dialog: Well, we had a dog once. . . his name was Panda, cutest little pup you ever did see. ..
7) 46) dialog: We were afraid the 1i1" dude was hit by a car, but no... .
7) 61) dialog: That's a laugh. Pause..
7) 68) dialog: Relax, Bob, let's go lay down for awhile. You've been on the go for days. This thirty days ain't going to kill us now. 43 44a 44 45
7) 70) text: Dianne snuggles up next to Bob in bed. Bob has a golf club and mistakenly hits a bedroom lamp.
7) 71) dialog: Don't let it get you down, Bob. Sometimes bad luck can be good luck. I mean look at all the times we either had a flat or engine trouble and made it to your score late, thinking it was good luck, you know what I mean?
8) 0) text: BIRDS EYE VIEW of Dianne and Nadine hauling suitcases out the apartment to the car.
8) 20) text: Bob coming through a revolving door with a suitcase he just picked up. 93 94 9-10-88 46 INT. MOTEL DAY ae Bob is pacing the floor reading from the yellow pages. Rick is lounging on the room's only couch with his head cradled in Nadine's lap. Dianne is in an overstuffed chair rubbing her legs and thighs, wetting her lips, trembling occasionally, and sighing often as if it is the only way she can keep breathing, while she watches Bob pace back and forth.
8) 25) dialog: Yes it is.
8) 29) dialog: Thank you, I will.
8) 33) text: Dianne is led into an examination room by a RECEPTIONIST.
9) 19) text: The smiling, middle aged, good natured DOCTOR enters and Dianne is on the table wearing the white nightgown.
9) 21) dialog: Not too damned good, Doc.
9) 24) dialog: I have a horrible migrane. Can we turn out the lights, I mean, they're just killing me.
9) 26) dialog: I'm feeling like I'm sick to my stomach. I've taken things for this in the past. Not codeine because I'm allergic to that, but something else.
9) 28) dialog: But there's this little blue pill, I think it starts with a "d" dilly-something. 103 104 105 106 9-10-88 50
9) 30) dialog: (hiding her reaction) That's it, Doc. I think that's the one.
11) 7) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine have entered, Dianne comes into the room to see what they found, but Nadine doesn't stay, she marches back to her room and slams the door shut.
11) 8) dialog: What's that all about? Bob is inspecting the bottles in the bag and bringing the out one by one. 9-10-88 56
11) 9) dialog: (still interested in Nadine) You been making a pass at her again, Bob? Bob shakes his head and paws through the pile of small bottles. He comes up with a small one with a blue label.
11) 11) dialog: What is it, Bob? What did you find?
11) 15) dialog: Hot dog, what a find, yep, that there little bottle will probably last us three for a week. I guess we must have outrun that hex we had on us. I sure an glad we started cross-roading, aren't you, Bob? And Bob takes a willing Dianne in his arms and whirls her around the room, as she squeals and shrieks in delight. 127 128 129 9-10-88 57
11) 36) text: Rick breaks into a car in the hospital parking lot. Bob and Dianne kiss before he takes off. Dianne watches from her stolen car as Rick, in his car heads right between two parked police cars ata hair-raising thirty-five miles an hour. Only three feet separates the two cars, so Rick gets both of their rear fenders in the initial rush.
11) 40) text: Then he throws the car in reverse, and floorboards the accelerator. His car clings to the smashed police cars for a second while his tires scream and pour out smoke. then abruptly, the torn and intermeshed metal of the cars separates and away Rick roars again until he comes to a halt forty feet away against another late model car. VIEW of the Hospital, people are hanging out the windows watching. 133 134 135 9-10-88 60 Rick keeps right on working, he gives the police another shot for good measure, then he picks out an automobile behind and off to one side and gives it a bank shot that crumples the right front fender. TWO POLICEMEN come running from the front doors of the hospital. They run across the front lawn less than a hundred yards away from Rick. Then Dianne gets into the act. She holds her horn down causing one continuous blast, and squeals out of her position toward the officers, who are running after Rick. VIEW of Dianne closing in on the officers, who take a div to the ground. Dianne keeps going until she comes to Rick, who has ditched his car and is now on foot. She stops momentarily to let Rick in, then turns and takes off burning rubber all the way out of the parking lot. BOB SEES and HEARS the pandemonium from where he is hidin up against the side of the building.
11) 55) dialog: Bob's like a rabbit, in and out and no nonsense. And that goes for a lot more than just a hospital pharmacy. This just isn't like him.
11) 63) dialog: (grabs Rick) They got him. The bastards got him. I know it. I can feel it in my heart. The bastards, the dirty bastards. If they've hurt him just one little bit, I'11 kill. I'11 kill them all! Dianne starts to sob.
11) 65) text: Rick and Dianne enter, it is quiet.
11) 76) dialog: What did the bastards do to you? What did they do, I'l] kill them, 1'11 kill them... 9-10-88 65
11) 91) dialog: How did you ever get away?
11) 94) dialog: I know what. Let's pull her up into the attic and hide her there for the day. At least then the maid won't be stumbling over her.
11) 104) text: Dianne replaces the chair where it usually is.
11) 106) dialog: You aren't kidding.
11) 108) dialog: Relax hon. You can't take on the whole world. THE DOORBELL RINGS.
11) 123) dialog: We're going to know some of those guys, I'll bet.
11) 125) dialog: Or better yet, an undertaker's.
11) 133) dialog: Well?
11) 135) dialog: Good God, how are we ever going to get her out of here with the place full of drunken cops coming and going all night?
11) 137) dialog: Maybe we could just head on out and leave her up there.
11) 139) text: Bob and Dianne sitting across from each other. Bob is showing signs of wear.
11) 140) dialog: It's gonna be one heck of a time getting her outta that crawlspace... Bob just looks at the floor, doesn't say a word.
11) 141) dialog: Don't know if I'm ever going to get my nails done now... Dianne watches Bob watching the floor.
11) 142) dialog: Nadine really got to you didn't she, Bob? Bob considers the question for awhile, then looks straight at Dianne for the first time that afternoon. tf 9-10-88 71
11) 144) dialog: I don't mean that, Bob. I've seen you around other overdose cases and you never got like this.
11) 146) dialog: Oh, I don't know, just different.
11) 155) dialog: We're all set, the car door's open and I didn't see anyone at all.
11) 163) dialog: What are you thinking about doing, Bob? What you got on your mind? Bob let his eyes slide around the room evasively, he started to Bob slowly speak a couple of times then said nothing.
11) 165) dialog: Are you kidding?
11) 167) dialog: Well, I'm not going on no withdrawal program, so what's going to happen to me?
11) 169) dialog: No way.
11) 171) dialog: I don't want to. You know I've tried that and it doesn't work for me.
11) 189) text: Bob walks out of the woods. Dianne is by the side of the road, and Rick is inside of the car. Bob opens the rear door of the car and gets his clothes out of the back and puts them in the back of the truck. He pauses, not looking at Dianne or Rick, but aware that they are watching him. Bob can't look back at Dianne.
11) 194) dialog: Hell, I don't know. - But let's just start worrying about us. Now I know you're ten years younger than I am, but I'm not looking for romance anyway. I'm looking for someone with guts. You get you an old lady, and I'll get me an old man, and we won't pick them because they're beautiful people, we'll pick the ones that will make the best thieves in our helling crew, and baby, everyone will dive on this crew. It won't be no one man show. Dianne turns around and runs to the other side of the car and gets in.
11) 195) dialog: Oh, well, they say that God looks out for drunks and fools, and He sure enough looked out for Bob on occasion, and maybe He'd look out for him now too.
12) 22) dialog: Jesus, what kind of dump is this? And where's the female? You might as well trot her out.
12) 24) dialog: You goddamn right I don't. Why should 1?
12) 26) dialog: I'll bet. You're slipperier than an eel, Bob, no one ever catches you off balance because you stay off balance constantly, just to stay on your feet.
12) 28) dialog: I just wanted to see you period. How's that methadone thing?
12) 30) dialog: No shit, where're you working?
12) 32) dialog: What do you do there?
12) 34) dialog: Drill holes?
12) 36) dialog: Oh yeah? How do you like it? 9-10-88 90
12) 38) dialog: Then you're really serious. You're going to go on with this thing.
12) 40) dialog: Oh, I can't Bob, I got people waiting for me down in the car. I just came up to see how you was doing. Here... Dianne struggles with something in her purse, and comes up with a small package. Bob smiles
12) 41) dialog: This is from Rick and the rest of us. We kind of thought you might need a taste once in awhile. and takes the package.
12) 43) dialog: Bob?
12) 45) dialog: What happened? What made you turn around that day? Was it me, did I do something wrong? Or was it just that thing with Nadine?
12) 48) dialog: Are you going to stick to it forever?
12) 50) dialog: You're crazy, Bob, you are really crazy. But I see what you mean. Jesus, Bob, if I had known what it was all about, I'd have come along with you, I thought you were mad at me for something.
12) 52) dialog: I'd like to Bob, (Dianne lowers her eyes) but I got another old man now. I work for Rick now, ain't that a gas? There we were teaching the brat to steal, and now I'm on his crew. Things sure can get screwed around, can't they? Bob nods yes.
12) 53) dialog: I'd like to stay the night with you really I would. Only I'm Rick's old lady now. And you know me, Bob, I might have been a lot of things, but I never was a tramp. Bob manages a smile. A long pause. 200 201 202 203 204
12) 57) text: Bob waves at Dianne as she walks down the hall.
12) 62) text: Dianne's figure, in the rain, darkly stepping into the waiting car. Then the car takes off.
13) 3) text: Bob enters his room, puts down the groceries and pokes around his closet, under a pile of rags in one corner, he comes up with the package Dianne had left him the night before and leaves the room.