3) 1) text: LIEUTENANT GENTRY, TROUSINSKI, and a handful of other police are investigating Bob's work. OUR VIEW moves in close on Gentry's FACE. (Perhaps he picks up a rabbit's foot off the floor or is chewing on a golf tee.)
4) 32) dialog: Alright you two, you turn around. Dianne and Bob comply.
4) 33) dialog: Getting a little droopy there in the tits, aren't we, Dianne? By now Dianne is relaxed into it. She looks at her breasts, smiles and says:
4) 35) dialog: What's the matter, Bob, you been shooting too much dope again? Seems like the last time we were by here and you were hooked to the gills, Dianne was complaining of the same thing.
4) 37) dialog: I've been hearing about all that work you've been doing. We were saying the other day, looks like old Bob Hughes has finally slowed down a bit. And then Wham-bam, you knock off another pharmacy. Didn't you sort of expect us to drop by?
4) 39) dialog: Looks like you're hooked to the gills.
4) 41) dialog: Yeah, I got a warrant, Bob. We put it ona micro dot. I got it pasted right on the end of a thirty eight slug. You want to see it Bob? I'll shoot it through, if you'll just turn your eves backwards, you can read it when it passes Y.
4) 43) dialog: You know what they give little punks like you for holking illegal class A narcotics?
4) 46) dialog: Eight huh?
4) 48) dialog: I don't play those public courses, greaseball, that course is for pussies, no wonder you have an eight handicap.
4) 50) dialog: Alright, Trousinski, break two more then leave the clubs alone. 34 35 9-10-86§ 21. Gentry pauses.
4) 51) dialog: You haven't gone out in the bushes and buried the drugs again, have you Dianne?
4) 53) dialog: Dianne, what language you use. Gentry looks to his partner and chuckles. Bob smiles smile.
4) 54) dialog: I always heard you guys had class.
4) 56) dialog: Okay, kiddies, here's how it's coming down. You can just tell us where it's at and save yourselves a whole lot of trouble or you can sit there with your mouths shut while we tear this apartment apart board by board. Now how's it going to be? his "What-can-I-say-it's-out-of-my-hands"
7) 77) text: Gentry draws back from field glasses that he is peering through. HALAMER, another detective speaks up.
7) 79) dialog: I'll tell you why, I don't want to get Hughes on no chickenshit possession beef, and that's all you're going to get him on unless you catch him cold on his way home from a score. 46 47 9-to -88 34
7) 80) dialog: (continued) ({Halamer nods) Bob isn't really all that bad a guy. He does have a little class and I got to respect him, as much as I hate the sonofabitch. He runs in spurts while he follows his luck and when he's hot he runs like a dog and when he's cold he'll just lay up in some rat hole some Place and you'll never see hide nor hair of him.
7) 82) dialog: I've been chasing Bob since he was a kid and hell, he was a pro back then. I think they got him on his first pharmacy when he was thirteen years old. He knows what it's all about, believe me. He can actually smell heat. He probably knows we're sitting out here right now. But if he moves again, we'll be right on his case. Halamer takes a sip of coffee.
7) 102) dialog: ....When he wants the stuff and the next door neighbor puts it on a string and Bob then pulls over what he needs and leaves the rest in the other house where you could never find it. Gentry inspects the handwriting of the note, and seems to question it's validity. DISSOLVE TO:
7) 112) dialog: I don't know. There's only one thing that I'm positive of.....it's not his goddamn lunch. 52B EXT. GUS'S HOUSE DAY *e
7) 119) dialog: Yeah, I can see that.
7) 128) dialog: Yeah, for a minute there, I thought that big guy was going to jump on Hughes and stomp him into the sidewalk. I sure would have liked to see that.
7) 164) text: Bob sneaks out the front door of his apartment, gets abou halfway down the hallway and is suddenly grabbed from behind and punched, and is SURROUNDED by three PLAIN CLOTHES COPS, one of them is Gentry. 9-10-68 42 Bob is on the ground looking up at them.
7) 165) dialog: Bob, I want to talk about what happened last night.
7) 167) dialog: You little punk. Halamer and Trousinski know how you set them up, Bob, and I can honestly say that they are anything but happy about the matter. It took hours for us to pull all that buckshot out of him. Why don't you just go out along the highways and byways of this great grand country of ours until you find a nice spot to settle down somewhere far away from here. A place where narcotics drawers are just brimming to the top with all kinds of goodies laying there waiting for you to take them? How's that sound Bob?
7) 170) dialog: So you think you won the war, huh? When Halamer and Trousinski get a hold of you, hell, 4t will all be over in a month's time. Oh, yes, we might have to explain it away for a few days, but sooner or later everyone's going to forget that you ever existed. That is, all but the pharmacists. They'll probably hold an annual ball on the eve of your death for the next twenty years. Then Nadine walks around the corner. Gentry and the others help him up.
7) 171) text: 43 ce GENTRY Let me help you up, Bob. The police leave Bob.
12) 2) text: Bob closes the door and locks it, but sitting behind him is Detective GENTRY, in a chair next to the bed, under a reading lamp. Bob smoothly takes off his coat and hangs it up. (Nothing to hide attitude)
12) 4) dialog: You didn't stay gone long, Bob, what happened?
12) 6) dialog: I hear you're on a methadone program now. Now you don't think that's going to keep Halamer from jumping you, do you, Bob?
12) 8) dialog: Well, I want to tell you, warn you, that Halamer's pissed. He lost his gold badge, you know, over that little fracas. He's now working traffic out in the north end. He's made so many damn threats, told so many people that he's almost going to have to hurt you now.
12) 10) dialog: Don't you worry about Trousinski, Bob, he's not really dangerous. He just does his job the best way he knows how.
12) 13) dialog: Yeah, that's what I heard. What happened out there in the sticks, Bob? Where's Dianne?
12) 15) dialog: You know what Bob, I've known you and Dianne since we were all kids and I find that a little hard to believe. Gentry rises from his chair.
12) 16) dialog: I'll see you around, Bob, and I sincerely hope you make out on that job you've got and straighten up a bit.
13) 31) dialog: How's he doing? An ATTENDANT shrugs. VIEW of Tom the Priest looking out his window. Ambulance goes down the road.
13) 33) dialog: You awake, Bob? Gentry hangs over Bob.
13) 34) dialog: Who got you, Bob? Bob opens his eyes and smiles. 9-10-88 97
13) 35) dialog: Was it Halamer? Bob shakes his head from side to side meaning no, the lights from streetlights play with his face. Gentry wipes his brow, glad that Halamer wasn't responsible.
13) 36) dialog: Who got you? What happened?
13) 38) dialog: The hat, Bob? Did you say the hat? Gentry reaches into a pocket and takes out a little black book to write in. Bob nods yes. Gentry writes it down.
13) 40) dialog: Okay, Bob, tell Dianne to watch out for the hat. Again Bob nods.
13) 41) dialog: Did the hat shoot you, Bob?
13) 43) dialog: The TV baby shot you, Bob, but the hat sent them, is that it? Bob laughs at Gentry