1) 0) text: CLOSE VIEW of Rx sign, Bob steps neatly past the checkout counter and takes a look at veterinary supplies ona shelf. DIANNE enters the Pharmacy. - THE NEXT PERSON to enter the Pharmacy is NADINE, not long out of her teens, her blouse is scanty and her skirt stop well above the knees. 9-10-88 3. THE FOURTH MEMBER of the group enters, RICK, the muscle. Nadine proceeds down the store's main aisle and stops at the perfume counter. Rick takes a post near the entrance pretending to look through the get well cards. Dianne is engaged in an over the counter conversation wit the DRUGGIST. She has a pack of gum in her hand.
2) 11) dialog: You said walk and that's what we done, walk, can't we do nothin' right?
2) 40) dialog: (shrugs) Give me the same, I guess.
2) 42) dialog: Why not? Dianne brings her head up and looks right through Nadine.
2) 44) dialog: (fighting back) Goddamnit, I was in there just like you, I ought to get the same as everyone else, even if I can't shoot it all right now. I could save it, or maybe sell it and get me a few things.
2) 47) dialog: Well, how about Dianne, she ain't done nothing either?
2) 94) dialog: That's ninety, Bob. If looks could kill, Nadine is dead.
2) 101) dialog: You little twirp. You come one step closer to me and I'll knock your block off. David hesitates, draws his hand to his side and turns to catch Bob's reaction. Dianne saves the situation by throwing the pills on the coffee table.
2) 105) dialog: I ain't going to be sold like no pig in the poke to nobody. Bob looks up from the speed he is inspecting.
4) 1) text: Rick and Nadine are talking.
4) 3) dialog: He asked that twirp how much he'd give for me.
4) 5) dialog: I'm worth a whole lot more than a pack of chewing gum, Rick.
4) 7) dialog: I just can't imagine Bob Hughes dying for me, why is that Rick?
4) 9) dialog: I just hope you're right, baby. I just hope you'tre right.
4) 13) text: We can see through the window into Rick and Nadine's room as they are talking. We pedestal down and see Dianne digging a hole where she places the drugs. OMIT ae INT. LIVING ROOM NIGHT xe
4) 30) text: Rick and Nadine are also against the wall as the officers look through that part of the apartment. INT. BEDROOM NIGHT aK
4) 71) text: Light is streaming in the windows. Huddled in a corner of the living room, the agents gone, are Rick, Nadine, Diann and Bob. Some are showing twitchiness of withdrawal.
4) 103) text: A very skinny man shows Nadine and Rick an apartment. Rick looks out the window like someone may have followed them there.
7) 26) text: Rick, Nadine and Bob are in the living room of their new apartment. Bob is turning on the television which is in the middle of the room.
7) 27) dialog: Do I have to go? You're not going to want a screamer or a shimmy girl on this one are you? 42a 9-10-88 29
7) 29) dialog: They always got those signs around hospitals that says QUIET, and if I was to go into that shimmy act, they'd probably throw me into the psycho ward and I'd never get out. Bob fools with the television and thinks for a second. Dianne has
7) 31) dialog: (Her eyes light up) Oh, speaking of dogs, Bob, do you think Rick and I could get a dog, a little pup or something to hold and pet when you guys are gone?
7) 55) dialog: No, I don't Bob, what did I do?
7) 63) dialog: Why a hat?
7) 173) dialog: How come you always talk so nasty to those cops? Why don't you talk nice?
7) 175) dialog: ce What?
7) 177) dialog: Well, what did they do when you talked nasty to them?
8) 0) text: BIRDS EYE VIEW of Dianne and Nadine hauling suitcases out the apartment to the car.
8) 20) text: Bob coming through a revolving door with a suitcase he just picked up. 93 94 9-10-88 46 INT. MOTEL DAY ae Bob is pacing the floor reading from the yellow pages. Rick is lounging on the room's only couch with his head cradled in Nadine's lap. Dianne is in an overstuffed chair rubbing her legs and thighs, wetting her lips, trembling occasionally, and sighing often as if it is the only way she can keep breathing, while she watches Bob pace back and forth.
8) 30) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine in the front seat, Bob driving, and holding the torn Yellow pages in his hand, searching the address out.
9) 1) text: Nadine sashays into the store, followed by Rick.
9) 4) text: The phone ringing as Nadine is trying on lipstick. A PHARMACIST picks up the phone. 100 101
9) 10) text: Nadine watches the pharmacist through a mirror she is using to try on sample lipstick. The pharmacist changes from a smiling good natured type t a frowning, snarling, no-nonsense masher.
9) 33) dialog: I don't know, Bob, the clerk asked the pharmacist what it was all about, and he said, "Hell, I haven't seen any dilaudid in years."
10) 0) text: Bob, Nadine and Rick get out of the red pickup and walk into a bar. 107 108 109 9-10-88 51
10) 5) text: Bob, Nadine and Rick walking by a darkened drug store.
10) 9) dialog: No.
10) 17) text: Rick meets up with Bob and Nadine.
10) 28) text: Nadine arrives at the truck and hesitates.
10) 37) text: Nadine bends down with the empty drawer between her legs then straightens up, flipping the drawer up and over her head. It sails into the air... SPINS AROUND a few times and lands in the street a few parking meters away. A small grey VOLKSWAGEN rounds a corner and slows down near the drawer, seemingly studying it momentarily, then it drives on. ANOTHER CAR is coming as Bob and Rick reach shaking Nadine. They quickly push her into the pickup and Bob pulls away, sitting on a pile of bottles, for once saying absolutely nothing. 122 123 124
11) 7) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine have entered, Dianne comes into the room to see what they found, but Nadine doesn't stay, she marches back to her room and slams the door shut.
11) 20) text: Rick enters the room and stands awhile just inside the door watching Nadine. She is still on the bed with her coat on and her head lowered.
11) 22) dialog: What did that sonofabitch say about me?
11) 24) dialog: But he isn't going to take me along anymore. Is that it? And one day you all will just drop me off on a corner and tell me to do such such and I'll come back and wait and wait and you'll never show up. THEN her voice breaks into sobs and the trail of tears become a flood. Rick kneels beside her. 9-10-88 58
11) 26) dialog: To hell with that sonofabitch and his hexes and all his funny little stunts. It wasn't my fault he had to leave the coast. That was his fault. The goddamn hog.
11) 28) dialog: No Rick, it's not going to be fine. I just can't stand their superior ways and all that crap about hexes. You don't believe that stuff, do you?
11) 30) dialog: Well, I'm just going to prove to all of you that there isn't anything to any of that stuff. Nadine marches to the closet and promptly takes out one o her hats. She determinedly flips it onto the bed and then asks Rick:
11) 31) dialog: Do you think it will make any difference that I'm using a woman's hat instead of a man's? Rick shakes his head slowly.
11) 33) dialog: To hell with them. I'm going to leave that hat right there. You go on out with them tonight. rm going to show them it don't mean nothing at a . Rick shakes his head again. He lays an outfit anda couple of sixteenth down on the night stand.
11) 68) text: Nadine is nowhere to be seen. Rick steps over to the closet. Then he sees something. NADINE'S FEET are sticking out from the floor on the othe side of the bed. Her lips and face are a funny bluish color. An outfit hangs out of a ditch in her arm.
11) 102) text: The hatch is closing, the VIEW pans over to see Nadine's face.
11) 157) text: Bob crosses the parking lot with Nadine over his shoulder, making it seem like she doesn't weigh a thing. He puts Nadine in the trunk and returns to the room. In front of their room is a suspicious cop. Bob ad libs.
11) 203) dialog: Why a hat?