1) 0) text: CLOSE VIEW of Rx sign, Bob steps neatly past the checkout counter and takes a look at veterinary supplies ona shelf. DIANNE enters the Pharmacy. - THE NEXT PERSON to enter the Pharmacy is NADINE, not long out of her teens, her blouse is scanty and her skirt stop well above the knees. 9-10-88 3. THE FOURTH MEMBER of the group enters, RICK, the muscle. Nadine proceeds down the store's main aisle and stops at the perfume counter. Rick takes a post near the entrance pretending to look through the get well cards. Dianne is engaged in an over the counter conversation wit the DRUGGIST. She has a pack of gum in her hand.
1) 5) dialog: Help! This lady is having a seizure. She might swallow her tongue! Nadine SCREAMS and falls backward against a low display case, leaving her body arched to make the most of the fac that she's wearing a very short skirt. She begins to convulse and jerk, trying to mimic the symptoms of an epileptic seizure. VIEW of the Druggist's eyes, and they are taking special notice of Nadine's torso; he bounds over the counter to Nadine's rescue. Bob makes his move, quickly ducking behind the vacated counter and dropping to his knees. MOVING VIEW of Bob scooting along, looking for any drawer or cabinet with a lock. Midway along the counter he finds what he is looking for. He spies a drawer and opens it. Dianne, spying a checkout girl on her way to the action, COUGHS a signal to Bob to hurry up. Bob responds to Dianne's cough and scurries back down to the end of the counter and peeks around to see if things are safe. 10 9-10-88 BOB'S VIEW. The checkout girl is helping the druggist with Nadine. Bob is satisfied that it is safe, and scurries back to th drawer. He straightens up to his knees and begins rifling the contents. The sweat is standing up on his forehead. His hands start to shake and his knees quiver and jerk as he scoots back down the aisle around the pill shelves and into the back room. Dianne begins to start another COUGHING FIT as the druggist is on his way back behind the counter going to the phone. Bob tries the back door but it is locked. Now the druggist is in Bob's sight and he has to operate on the back door to the druggist's back. Bob quietly pulls out a screwdriver and smoothly takes th locked door off the hinges, very quietly, and leaves the back room.
2) 38) dialog: Give me a blue.
2) 50) dialog: Goddamn you, Nadine! Take your half a blue and shut up, shoot it and go puke awhile. A KNOCK sounds on the door. Quickly Dianne scoops up all the bottles and runs for the ~~ bedroom. Bob draws a forty-five automatic pistol from under the couch cushion. Holding it at arms length pointed at the floor, he approaches the door's peephole. VIEW through the peephole. Bob recognizes the intruder.
4) 1) text: Rick and Nadine are talking.
4) 2) dialog: Listen, Nadine. Bob's one of the best people you'll ever run across in your entire life.
4) 4) dialog: He wasn't going to sell you to that stimg, he was just trying to teach you a lesson.
4) 6) dialog: If David had laid a hand on you, he would have regretted it, I can tell you that. Man do you know what Bob would do for you, or me or Dianne or anyone in his crew? He'd literally die for you, Nadine.
4) 8) dialog: Maybe you don't believe me, but I know it's true. Why do you think he always dives, or is always the first one in with the gun? The only reason he always tries to act so mean is because he's so soft that he's afraid you and everyone else will find out and take advantage of him. Man I've been hearing about Bob for years. He's notorious for that one particular thing, along with a lot more obvious talents. Don't let him or Dianne get you down. They mean well.
4) 13) text: We can see through the window into Rick and Nadine's room as they are talking. We pedestal down and see Dianne digging a hole where she places the drugs. OMIT ae INT. LIVING ROOM NIGHT xe
4) 30) text: Rick and Nadine are also against the wall as the officers look through that part of the apartment. INT. BEDROOM NIGHT aK
4) 71) text: Light is streaming in the windows. Huddled in a corner of the living room, the agents gone, are Rick, Nadine, Diann and Bob. Some are showing twitchiness of withdrawal.
4) 72) dialog: You going to sue them, Bob? I'd sue the hell out of them if it was up to me. Bob, who's head is buried in his arms that are gathered around his legs, lifts his head up and yawns.
4) 74) dialog: How about our clothes?
4) 94) dialog: OK Bob, I will.
4) 98) dialog: I won't Bob.
4) 100) dialog: I'll get a real comfortable place.
4) 103) text: A very skinny man shows Nadine and Rick an apartment. Rick looks out the window like someone may have followed them there.
4) 104) dialog: We gotta get some shades for these windows, maybe some sheets. The man doesn't pay attention. He is listing off the terms.
7) 23) text: Bob and Rick walk up the front path to the house.
7) 26) text: Rick, Nadine and Bob are in the living room of their new apartment. Bob is turning on the television which is in the middle of the room.
7) 33) dialog: What you got against dogs, Bob?
7) 57) dialog: Jesus, Bob, nobody told us about not saying anything about dogs. How was we supposed to know? Bob pulls himself up into his most put-upon, abused manne and answers.
7) 59) dialog: (sarcastically) Well, now that we're on the subject, is there any other sacred subjects or things we're not supposed to do that will affect our future?
7) 85) text: A KNOCK comes on the front door of Bob's apartment. The light flashes on and Bob is there quickly with his gun, and Rick is ready to back him up. He opens the peephole and looks out. VIEW through the peephole, a little OLD LADY is standing outside in a bathrobe. BOB'S EXPRESSION of confusion. He let's Rick take a look through the door.
7) 152) dialog: What the hell was that shot? Bob opens the drapes.
8) 20) text: Bob coming through a revolving door with a suitcase he just picked up. 93 94 9-10-88 46 INT. MOTEL DAY ae Bob is pacing the floor reading from the yellow pages. Rick is lounging on the room's only couch with his head cradled in Nadine's lap. Dianne is in an overstuffed chair rubbing her legs and thighs, wetting her lips, trembling occasionally, and sighing often as if it is the only way she can keep breathing, while she watches Bob pace back and forth.
8) 30) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine in the front seat, Bob driving, and holding the torn Yellow pages in his hand, searching the address out.
9) 1) text: Nadine sashays into the store, followed by Rick.
10) 0) text: Bob, Nadine and Rick get out of the red pickup and walk into a bar. 107 108 109 9-10-88 51
10) 5) text: Bob, Nadine and Rick walking by a darkened drug store.
10) 7) dialog: What? Rick and Nadine turn their heads to see what they have missed.
10) 10) dialog: What are transoms?
10) 15) text: Rick fetching the bar from the front seat of the truck an walking back Bob's direction.
10) 17) text: Rick meets up with Bob and Nadine.
10) 21) text: Bob and Rick move fast, step up under the pharmacy's entrance and Rick lifts while Bob pulls, up and over.
10) 37) text: Nadine bends down with the empty drawer between her legs then straightens up, flipping the drawer up and over her head. It sails into the air... SPINS AROUND a few times and lands in the street a few parking meters away. A small grey VOLKSWAGEN rounds a corner and slows down near the drawer, seemingly studying it momentarily, then it drives on. ANOTHER CAR is coming as Bob and Rick reach shaking Nadine. They quickly push her into the pickup and Bob pulls away, sitting on a pile of bottles, for once saying absolutely nothing. 122 123 124
11) 5) text: The truck is moving. Bob and Rick breathe a sigh of relief as the headlights of the truck spotlight the drawe in front of them. Rick jumps out of the truck and picks up the drawer and gets back in the truck.
11) 7) text: Bob and Rick and Nadine have entered, Dianne comes into the room to see what they found, but Nadine doesn't stay, she marches back to her room and slams the door shut.
11) 20) text: Rick enters the room and stands awhile just inside the door watching Nadine. She is still on the bed with her coat on and her head lowered.
11) 21) dialog: Buck up, baby. So you muffed it, everyone does that once in awhile. It came out all right and that's what counts. We're going to go out again, but don't worry, we'll be back soon. Nadine raises a tear stained face.
11) 23) dialog: Baby, he didn't say anything. Not one word. Dianne doesn't even know anything about it.
11) 25) dialog: Baby, we ain't going to leave you standing on no corner. We ain't leaving you any place. You're mine, baby. I'm not leaving you. Bob is no doubt leaving you home tonight because you are feeling bad. He knows how bad you feel about the whole thing.
11) 27) dialog: Now, baby, you just take it easy, we got us a good thing going. Why break it up? Tomorrow you will see things in a different light. You're all upset. It'll be fine.
11) 29) dialog: Hell, I don't know, Nadine. What difference does it make? It's their thing. I guess if they want to believe in hexes, they're entitled to. All we got to watch is not talking about pets in their presence and not leaving any hats on any bed. Hell there's nothing hard about that.
11) 32) dialog: I wish you hadn't of done that, Nadine. It really isn't fair. I mean, you can do whatever you want to change our lives, but what do you want to mess with someone else's for? That don't seem quite right. 130 131 132 9-10-88 59
11) 34) dialog: I think they want to go right away. We won't be long, maybe a couple of hours.
11) 36) text: Rick breaks into a car in the hospital parking lot. Bob and Dianne kiss before he takes off. Dianne watches from her stolen car as Rick, in his car heads right between two parked police cars ata hair-raising thirty-five miles an hour. Only three feet separates the two cars, so Rick gets both of their rear fenders in the initial rush.
11) 40) text: Then he throws the car in reverse, and floorboards the accelerator. His car clings to the smashed police cars for a second while his tires scream and pour out smoke. then abruptly, the torn and intermeshed metal of the cars separates and away Rick roars again until he comes to a halt forty feet away against another late model car. VIEW of the Hospital, people are hanging out the windows watching. 133 134 135 9-10-88 60 Rick keeps right on working, he gives the police another shot for good measure, then he picks out an automobile behind and off to one side and gives it a bank shot that crumples the right front fender. TWO POLICEMEN come running from the front doors of the hospital. They run across the front lawn less than a hundred yards away from Rick. Then Dianne gets into the act. She holds her horn down causing one continuous blast, and squeals out of her position toward the officers, who are running after Rick. VIEW of Dianne closing in on the officers, who take a div to the ground. Dianne keeps going until she comes to Rick, who has ditched his car and is now on foot. She stops momentarily to let Rick in, then turns and takes off burning rubber all the way out of the parking lot. BOB SEES and HEARS the pandemonium from where he is hidin up against the side of the building.
11) 62) dialog: We might as well give up. He ain't coming.
11) 65) text: Rick and Dianne enter, it is quiet.
11) 66) dialog: Nadine? 150 151 9-10-88 64
11) 68) text: Nadine is nowhere to be seen. Rick steps over to the closet. Then he sees something. NADINE'S FEET are sticking out from the floor on the othe side of the bed. Her lips and face are a funny bluish color. An outfit hangs out of a ditch in her arm.
11) 69) dialog: Oh, my God! He falls to his knees to hold her.
11) 70) dialog: I'm sorry, baby. I never should have gotten you into all this. Rick holds her and moans.
11) 71) dialog: Oh, baby, please, baby, what can I do? Dianne enters and sees the situation. She huddles over Rick, just as:
11) 78) dialog: She did, Bob.
11) 80) dialog: She didn't mean no harm by it.
11) 82) dialog: She said it was bullshit! Oh, it's all my fault.
11) 85) dialog: What is it?
11) 87) dialog: (angry, jumping up off the corpse) You can't call her that. She's dead. Don't ever say anything bad about her. his head in disgust.
11) 189) text: Bob walks out of the woods. Dianne is by the side of the road, and Rick is inside of the car. Bob opens the rear door of the car and gets his clothes out of the back and puts them in the back of the truck. He pauses, not looking at Dianne or Rick, but aware that they are watching him. Bob can't look back at Dianne.
11) 193) dialog: What's happening, what's all the fuss? Dianne bends down to the driver's window and smiles at Rick.