11) 40) text: Then he throws the car in reverse, and floorboards the accelerator. His car clings to the smashed police cars for a second while his tires scream and pour out smoke. then abruptly, the torn and intermeshed metal of the cars separates and away Rick roars again until he comes to a halt forty feet away against another late model car. VIEW of the Hospital, people are hanging out the windows watching. 133 134 135 9-10-88 60 Rick keeps right on working, he gives the police another shot for good measure, then he picks out an automobile behind and off to one side and gives it a bank shot that crumples the right front fender. TWO POLICEMEN come running from the front doors of the hospital. They run across the front lawn less than a hundred yards away from Rick. Then Dianne gets into the act. She holds her horn down causing one continuous blast, and squeals out of her position toward the officers, who are running after Rick. VIEW of Dianne closing in on the officers, who take a div to the ground. Dianne keeps going until she comes to Rick, who has ditched his car and is now on foot. She stops momentarily to let Rick in, then turns and takes off burning rubber all the way out of the parking lot. BOB SEES and HEARS the pandemonium from where he is hidin up against the side of the building.
11) 283) dialog: (accepting the letter) Bless you. Tom opens it, walking across the lobby to the chairs by the window, and sits down to read. Bob has recognized him.
11) 285) dialog: (peering at Bob) Well, well. . . bad Bobby Hughes. Imagine seeing you here after all these years.
11) 287) dialog: I have nowhere else to go. There is no demand in the priesthood for elderly drug addicts. An indiscretion back in '70 -- you were "inside" at the time, I believe -- resulted in my descent to this sorry state. As a matter of fact I am feeling a bit sick right now. Are you holding?
11) 289) dialog: (absently tearing bits of paper from the letter) Sure I'm on the program. But sometimes I get a little ahead of my schedule, you understand. Sometimes I think that nurse is lightening them up, but who knows. So how about it, you want to score?
11) 291) text: 193 9-10-68 EXT PARK DAY ae Bob and Tom sitting on park bench. INT. TOM'S ROOM DAY ae Tom and Bob are sitting in the small room, talking.
11) 292) dialog: « . ». SO they are cooking up the shot ina big spoon and this little guy that was sitting in the corner, you wouldn't notice him, is standing there with one foot off the ground, like he's going to kick the spoon out of their hands, and he says, "Draw my shot up nice and easy, or it ain't nobody gets any." And it's a bluff they don't care to call. So they give him his shot, and he goes back off in the corner to enjoy his medications.
11) 294) dialog: What's the point? These junkies, they figure the little guy made his play, he had the guts, what the hell. They understand. And, after that, they watched him closer.
11) 296) dialog: Narcotics have been demonized and scapegoated in this country. To those who do not use, it is a sin, or a crime, or an illness. The very idea that anyone could use drugs and avoid a horrible fate is anathema to these idiots. They are morally ravaged victims of the Right Virus, and they seem to have the whip hand on planet Earth, at the present time. In the future I predict they will exploit a domestic drug panic as a masquerade behind which to prop up their international police state. But I'm an old man, and maybe I won't live to see the whole shithouse go up. 85 194
11) 303) dialog: In another life perhaps.
13) 5) dialog: What's this?
13) 8) dialog: God Bless you my son. May you go to heaven. Let's see just what's in this. Oh, yeah - this is for squares, never touch the stuff. Now this here, this bottle of one hundred sixteenths of dilaudid, this could come in handy. This will certainly earn you an indulgence.
13) 11) dialog: (measuring his words) There are more things than our feet that carry us to sin, my son. Few things in my own past I'd just as soon forget. Who can say who gets a second chance? But I hope you make it, kid, may I fall down and be paralyzed if I don't mean it.