0) 0) text: A large, black, powerful-looking motorcycle waits propped on its center stand on the gravel shoulder of a deserted country road. The gold lettering on its tank and side cov identifies it as a Norton Commando 850. Two white Bell full-coverage helmets sit on its saddle, l medieval jousting helmets. Beyond the motorcycle, stretched out on a grassy rise, li Hart Read, twenty-six, and his long-time girlfriend Rose, who is the kind of eighteen that often seems more like fifteen, and once in a while like twelve. At the moment Rose is definitely eighteen and in control things, producing tuna sandwiches with lettuce and mayonn out of a string bag and pouring coffee, pre-mixed with su and milk, from a small thermos flask. Read watches her pl housewife with vast amusement. Rose holds out a sandwich.
0) 2) dialog: Tuna with lettuce and mayo. You gonna make trouble?
1) 0) text: Read kicks the big Norton into life. Rose puts on her hel does up the chin strap, and gets on the machine behind R Read waits for her to get settled, blips the throttle, th accelerates off the shoulder of the road, fishtailing sli in the gravel.
2) 0) text: The Norton booms along the twisty two-lane road. The road clear and Read feels good. He opens the throttle even mor almost becoming airborne over the crest of a steep rise, leaning the bike over in the corners until he scrapes rub off the footpegs. Rose rides loose, completely at ease behind Read. She cla her arms around him loosely, always going with the motion the machine, closing her eyes in pleasure.
4) 0) text: When the bike finally lands in the field, it hits down fr wheel first. The impact slams Read over the handlebars in the trunk of a small but solid tree. Rose stays with the machine for one complete cartwheel. The motorcycle ends u on top of her, the tank across her belly. Before she can move, the tank explodes into flames. The flames begin to melt the plastic visor of her helmet.
5) 0) text: The camper driver turns around in his seat and starts to rummage around, looking for something to put out the fire His wife gets hysterical. She can see Rose trying vainly get out from under the bike.
11) 0) text: Rose has stopped moving under the flaming machine. The ma from the camper, running and stumbling over the uneven gr finally arrives, followed by his older son (who is about thirteen). The man tries vainly to smother the flames wit his younger son's blanket, but the heat is too intense fo him to get really close. The man is almost in tears with horror and frustration. H son just stares wide-eyed.
15) 0) text: Rose is on the stretcher with intravenous tubes in her ar bottles hanging over her head, an oxygen mask over her mo and nose, and several layers of blood-soaked bandages and surgical gauze over her abdomen. The senior orderly monit the oxygen flow, the IV levels, and Rose's pulse, while K speaks to someone at the clinic over the van's CB radio, which has a telephone-style speaker/ receiver. Read sits jammed into a small seat behind the driver, his head back against the van wall, completely dazed. He is conscious enough to wince in pain with every bump the van hits, but he obviously doesn't know where he is or why he there.
17) 0) text: Lloyd Walsh holds open one of the main glass doors while nurse opens the other one. The secretary -- receptionist abandons her phones and her sleek plastic desk/filing cab module to work her way through the group at the doors in order to take a look. Walsh makes room for the secretary -- Sheila -- beside hi Rose is wheeled through the doors. Her condition is so obviously serious and so different from the usual 'touch- jobs done at the Keloid Clinic, which has a carefully calculated country resort atmosphere about it, that every becomes completely silent as she enters.
18) 0) text: The orderlies wheel the stretcher down a hallway which wa patently never meant to be used as a hospital corridor: R is getting a very rough ride. As they move along they pas various patients who react with shock and horror when the see Rose. The Keloid Clinic is usually more discreet abou blood than a normal hospital.
19) 0) text: Keloid and Roxanne wash with disinfectant in preparation Rose's operation, aided by a third orderly whom we have n seen before. Roxanne is short, dark, intense, and ambitious beyond her present practice. She does not wear her thirty-seven year particularly well, so the age difference between her and husband seems more theoretical than anything else. She is very particular about being called by her maiden name and known as Dr. Rushton to all the clinic's patients. At the moment, Keloid and Roxanne are having a very controlled, key argument which Roxanne tries to keep the orderly from hearing.
21) 0) text: Keloid and Roxanne are well into their operation on Rose, assisted by a team of five which includes Dr. William Kar the clinic's anesthetist. Keloid and Roxanne are in the process of cutting large squares of skin from Rose's thig
24) 0) text: Read stands over Rose's bed, which is a very well-disguis hospital bed (everything possible is done to keep the cli from feeling like a hospital). Read's left hand is encase in a wire cage which supports all his fingers. He is watc Rose intently, who is still in a coma and is attached to battery of intravenous bottles connected to her by clear vinyl tubes and IV needles. Read is particularly fascinat by Rose's eyes, which he can see moving around wildly beh her eyelids. He bends close, then kisses her gently on her pale, dry l
25) 0) text: Nurse Louise walks briskly down a hall toward Rose's room On her way she passes Judy Glasberg clutching a pocket ed of The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud and strolling thoughtfully in the opposite direction.
26) 0) text: Louise enters the room in time to surprise Read in the ac of pulling back the sheet covering Rose.
27) 0) text: Read sits across from Keloid's desk in Keloid's office, w seems more like a successful PR executive's office than a doctor's. While they talk, Keloid toys with Rose's file, really ever looking at it: he is obviously very familiar with its contents, and also in a very distracted frame of mind.
27) 1) text: Well, as you've seen, Rose is still in some kind of coma, sort of half real coma, half normal deep sleep. Could be weeks before she's lucid.
32) 0) text: The night nurse walks past Rose's room, pausing only for moment to glance in at Rose's sleeping form. She then continues on down the hall.
36) 0) text: Walsh rounds a corner that leads him past Rose's door, wh still bears its INTENSIVE CARE sign. As he passes by her door, he hears a muffled scream followed by a series of m and indistinct, angry shouts. Walsh opens her door withou hesitation.
37) 0) text: By the light of the full moon and the hallway, Walsh can Rose thrashing around violently in her bed, getting twist up in her sheets and ripping out her IV needles. As he watches, one of her IV bottles, pulled off its stand by i feed tube, falls to the floor and smashes to pieces, spil blood plasma everywhere. Walsh now sees that the floor is littered with shredded b and pieces of surgical gauze and bandages, which Rose has torn from her various wounds and grafts. The plasma begin to soak into the debris surrounding the bed. Her torso is still covered only by bandages, making her look like a mu jerking to life in the half-light of her tomb. Walsh rushes over to the bed and quickly lowers the safet railing. He then tries to hold Rose down by the shoulders keep her from pulling out the last of her IV tubes. When grabs her by the wrists, he notices that she is oozing bl from where the IV needles have been pulled out.
37) 2) dialog: Hart? What are you... what are you doing, Hart? Are we all right? Are we...
37) 4) dialog: Hart?
37) 6) dialog: Oh. I... I guess I was dreaming. Walsh lets go of Rose's wrists.
37) 8) dialog: A crash? Was there fire? Was there... blood?
37) 10) dialog: No! Not yet. I'm all right. But I'm freezing cold, and you're so warm. Hold me.
37) 12) dialog: Please hold me. I'm dying of the cold. Rose puts her arms around Walsh, who hesitates for a mome then puts his arms around her and hugs her for a moment.
37) 13) dialog: Oh, God, that feels so good. Behind Walsh's back, Rose pulls the last remaining IV nee out of her left wrist.
37) 15) dialog: Sure I do. I'm here with you.
41) 0) text: Once inside the door, Keloid is shocked at the state of R room. It is basically as we last saw it, except that Rita has reattached Rose, who seems to be in a coma once again to her IV bottles. The area of the wall next to the doorhandle side of the d is smeared with bloody handprints -- Walsh apparently use the doorknob to pull himself to his feet, then supported himself by holding on to the wall and door moulding. Rita leads Keloid over to the bed, while Kwong hangs back watch that nobody enters inadvertently.
43) 0) text: In the darkness of her room, Rose's eyes are open and sta She begins to pull the IV needles out of her wrists and ankles.
44) 0) text: In the whirlpool room, which contains three full-size whirlpool baths, a bar, and a lounge, Judy Glasberg is ta a midnight whirlpool bath to calm herself down. The room deserted except for Judy, but she seems to have no troubl adjusting the controls of the bath to get it just right. As Judy plays with the temperature controls, the door be her opens and someone enters, closing the door behind her Judy looks up, startled. Rose stands at the door in her f clinic gown. For some reason, Judy suddenly feels vulnera in her skimpy bikini.
44) 2) dialog: (approaching the edge of the bath) Oh, no. I'm doing much better now, thank you. She seems to be completely normal, and as childlike as ev save for the hollows under her eyes. Judy positions her b so that her nakedness is hidden by the swirling bubbles o the whirlpool.
44) 4) dialog: Do you mind if I get in with you? I've been lying in bed for such a long time, my body aches all over.
44) 6) dialog: I don't think so. Everybody seemed to be asleep. It was a bit spooky waking up and finding myself all alone. I'm so glad I ran into you. (with surprise) Hey, know what? I think I can feel the warmth of your body radiating out to me through the water. I've never felt anything like that before. Judy starts to grope for her towel by the side of the poo
44) 8) dialog: Oh, no. Not yet. You haven't even told me your name.
44) 10) dialog: Mm. It's nice to meet you too. Judy tries to gently disengage herself from Rose's embrac
44) 14) dialog: Oh, no! No! Rose shakes Judy's corpse hysterically, then collapses ac it, sobbing. After a moment, she gets up, visibly fightin for control. She sets her jaw and begins to drag Judy's b out of the whirlpool room.
45) 0) text: In Read's kitchen, the telephone is ringing, but Read has chance of hearing it. Next to the phone, pinned to a cork message board with colored plastic drafting pins, are sev photos of Read and Rose enjoying happier times.
46) 0) text: Rose listens to the phone ring at Read's from the telepho in the deserted main lounge. Her hair is wet and matted a she is shivering uncontrollably. She lets it ring, huddli in her chair.
56) 8) text: By the light of a full moon, Rose walks purposefully down dirt country road, a borrowed windbreaker pulled tightly around her over her clinic gown and hospital slippers sta to come apart on her feet. She is determined to get as fa away from the clinic as she can by morning light.
57) 0) text: Rose finds herself walking beside a moonlit field with a ramshackle barn at one end. She pauses beside the barn fo moment, then slips under the fence surrounding the field makes her way gingerly across the muddy barnyard toward t door of the barn. The house nearest the barn is dark. Ros gently edges open the door of the barn.
58) 0) text: Once inside the barn, Rose feels around for a light switc She finds it without much trouble and flicks it on. The b is low and full of cobwebs, and houses only two solemn co and a scraggly chicken. Rose heads for the nest of straw that the two cows have m and gradually snuggles her way in between them. She starts to stroke the side of one of the cows, getting the animal accustomed to her touch, at the same time care slipping out of her windbreaker. She then raises her left arm and presses her left armpit flat against the cow's si After a pause, she gives a short, sharp push with her lef side, as though she's pushing something into the cow with her body. The cow responds by lifting up its head and tur to look at her. Satisfied that nothing too threatening is happening, it turns back and lowers its head again. Rose stretches out over the cow in ecstasy. Her eyes are closed. Blood begins to flow in a rapid, one-way stream f the cow into Rose. She is breathing rapidly and heavily. Suddenly, she pulls away from the cow, giving us a chance to see a flash of s kind of elongated, tube-like organ retracting under her l arm, dripping blood from its tip. As Rose lurches to her feet, we can see a small, deep wound leaking blood and gr bile-like fluid in the cow's side where Rose's armpit had been pressed. The cows stir in reaction to Rose's violen movement. She staggers away from the cows, dizzy and nauseous. She manages to reach the stalls, which she leans on for suppo before she begins to vomit. Suddenly, the door bangs open and a drunken old farmer stumbles into the barn, a whisky bottle in his hand.
60) 0) text: In the main lounge of the clinic, Rose kneels beside the table on which the lounge phone rests, cradling the recei in her hands. She is covered with blood, her gown has bee ripped, and she is close to hysteria. Her feet are covere with dirt and she's tracked mud inside, marking her trail from the clinic's back door clearly.
60) 1) dialog: Hart? Oh, Hart. (sobbing) No, no, I'm not all right. I'm in terrible trouble. I want you to help me.
60) 3) dialog: Hart, can you hear me?
60) 5) dialog: Hart, you've got to come and get me. You've got to come and get me as fast as you can. She suddenly becomes aware of someone else's presence in lounge. She turns with a start. Rita, who is acting as ni nurse, is standing right behind her, a shocked and unbeli look on her face.
61) 2) dialog: (strangely subdued) I'm still here.
61) 4) dialog: I can't talk now. See you soon. Read is suddenly left holding a receiver humming a dial t He waits only a second or two before he starts to look frantically for the phone number of the Keloid Clinic in small book hanging from a nail by the phone.
69) 0) text: Rose sits quietly on the edge of her bed, her feet dangli over the side not quite touching the floor. She keeps her head down and does not look at Keloid, who is conferring with Rita at the door. Rita has given Rose a new gown and cleaned her up a bit for Keloid. Rita leaves and Keloid closes the door behind her. He tur to Rose and approaches the bed, tapping his stethoscope against the palm of one hand. He doesn't say anything unt he sits down on the bed beside her.
69) 6) dialog: (from behind her hands) I'm hideous, Doctor. I'm crazy and I'm a monster.
69) 9) dialog: No. It doesn't hurt. Keloid takes a closer look at the fleshy pouch. The openi at the upper end seems to be surrounded by sphincter musc Keloid gently spreads the opening with his thumb. Deep wi the pouch, something an angry pink color, something glistening, seems to be pulsating. When he removes his th the muscles pull the opening closed again the way a draws closes a bag. Keloid sits up on the side of the bed again, trying to re his composure.
69) 12) dialog: Couple of days.
69) 16) dialog: I don't need them. They make me feel sick.
69) 18) dialog: They're not. They haven't been for a couple of days. Not since that man...
69) 20) dialog: I'll show you. Rose puts her right hand behind Keloid's head and draws i slowly down toward her left armpit. When Keloid's head is about a foot and a half away from the organ, Rose grabs K by the hair with both hands and strains upwards with her body. Keloid emits a low, gurgling scream which soon cuts off w the suddenness of a thrown switch. Exhausted of energy, K collapses across Rose, who begins to rock him gently from side to side as she pumps the blood from his body.
70) 0) text: A battered old Ford pick-up truck pulls into the parking of a Colonel Sanders Kentucky Fried Chicken depot beside two-lane highway leading to the Keloid Clinic. The door o the truck opens and a vaguely familiar mangy dog jumps ou it belongs to the farmer who was Rose's third victim.
78) 0) text: Rose is sitting in the patients' lounge with one or two o patients, watching TV. Next to Rose is a mobile intraven cart, to whose three bottles she is attached by several I tubes. A young nurse we have not seen previously sits bes her, obviously instructed to keep a close watch on Rose, wears a clinic dressing-gown over her nightgown. Suddenly Louise comes flying past the lounge in hysterics half crying, half screaming.
79) 0) text: Once she is out of sight, Rose quickly begins to detach herself from her IV tubes. Shouts and sounds of struggle rise and fall in the distance as she pulls the needles ou of her wrists.
80) 0) text: Rose enters Judy Glasberg's room and closes the door behi her. She pauses only for a moment to glance at the photos Judy tacked up on the wall showing her before and after h proposed nose job, then opens Judy's closet and starts rummaging through the clothes hanging there.
86) 3) text: Is her name Rose? The two cops look at each other, then turn back to Read.
88) 0) text: Rose is in the process of hitch-hiking her way into Montr She doesn't have to wait too long before an immense diese truck snorts and squeals to a stop on the gravel shoulder the road. Rose is wearing Judy Glasberg's jeans, boots, flannel shirt, and jacket. As Rose runs toward the truck, the passenger door swings open for her.
89) 0) text: Rose sits in the passenger seat, her bare feet up on the dash tapping in time to the country-and-western music com from a tiny transistor radio hanging by a leather thong f the rear-view mirror. Rose is flushed and excited, almost delirious to find herself alive, healthy, and free. Beside her, the trucker eats a steak on a bun with great enthusiasm. He's in his forties, graying at the temples, gentlemanly. He's just about to start in on the second ha of his sandwich when he pauses and glances over at Rose, is happily watching the countryside rush by. The trucker holds out the second half of his sandwich to Rose, taking care to hold it in its tinfoil wrapper and not to touch i with his fingers.
89) 2) dialog: Um... wouldn't mind just one bite. She takes the sandwich, carefully peels back the tinfoil from one end, and bites into it. She chews and swallows.
89) 3) dialog: You're right. It's fabulous.
91) 0) text: Rose walks along the side of the road, hitch-hiking once again. After two cars pass her without stopping, an Ameri sedan pulls off the road slightly ahead of her and then b up to meet her. Rose gets in and the car pulls back on to the highway. She is flushed and invigorated.
92) 0) text: Rose finds herself sitting next to a plump, pleasant-look lady in her late thirties who smokes a cigarette furiousl as she drives.
92) 2) dialog: Montreal. Where are you going?
92) 4) dialog: That's wonderful. Thanks. I was beginning to think I'd never get back home again.
93) 0) text: A Camelford police cruiser is on its way down the highway going in the direction opposite to Rose. We follow the cruiser down the road a few hundred yards u the diesel truck that stopped to pick up Rose comes into view, still stopped by the side of the road, its passenge door open. The cruiser pulls over and parks behind the truck. One of the QPP officers gets out and walks over to the cab of th truck. When he gets close to the cab, the officer finds t driver of the truck sitting sideways on the passenger sea his legs out of the cab, feet resting on the running boar The driver seems to be in some kind of daze and he is ver pale.
98) 13) dialog: Surprise. I'm amongst the living. Mindy throws her arms around Rose, hugs her, and pulls he inside the door. They separate, then hug again, both of t on the verge of tears.
100) 0) text: Mindy and Rose are sitting in Mindy's living room, Rose i front of the TV on the sofa, Mindy at a small desk in the corner with papers and some sort of training manual sprea out in front of her. Rose is watching TV with a long ear plug trailing from the silent TV set across three feet of rug, up the sofa, and into her left ear. Rose is watching Shivers, starring Paul Hampton, Joe Silv and Barbara Steele, and is getting very restless. She can help glancing over at Mindy, who is eating a ham sandwich while she works. Mindy has her hair pulled back and the p in her neck is somehow very prominent. Rose pulls the plu out of her ear, turns off the TV set, stands up, and goes the closet next to the front door. Mindy looks up from he work for the first time.
100) 2) dialog: (putting on her jacket) I think I have to go out for a while. Mindy gets up and joins Rose at the door.
100) 4) dialog: (opening the door) Thanks, Mindy, but it's not that. I just have to get out into the fresh air again. It's a real experience for me just to walk down a street.
100) 6) dialog: No. You stay here and work. I won't be gone too long.
101) 0) text: Rose walks down the most crowded part of St. Catherine's Street she can find. She has a new sensitivity to the hea radiating from the bodies of those close to her, and the presence of so much warm, jostling flesh full of blood wh coursing she can almost hear soon makes her eyes shine, h nostrils flare, her steps quick and precise. Rose soon finds herself standing in front of an Eve Cinem which is showing two soft-core skin flicks, as usual. On impulse, Rose digs around in the pockets of Judy Glasberg jeans. In the back pocket she finds a five-dollar bill. S hesitates for only a moment, then buys a ticket and enter the cinema.
102) 0) text: Rose walks down the center aisle and sits alone in the mi of an empty row of seats not far from the screen and its murky orgiastics. It is not long before a thirtyish, balding man leaves hi seat at the back of the cinema and sits directly behind R As he removes his jacket, he brushes against Rose's hair with his hand as though by accident. Rose turns around to look at him.
102) 3) dialog: I thought you did it on purpose.
102) 5) dialog: Oh, well, I'm sorry. I like seeing these movies but men are always bothering me. I guess I'ma little paranoid.
102) 7) dialog: (laughing) OK. C'mon. The balding man gets up, moves to the end of his aisle, t makes his way toward Rose, trying not to blow it by betra his excitement. He sits down beside Rose. She offers him some popcorn.
102) 9) text: Rose slips out of the side exit of the cinema into an all her cheeks flushed, her breathing heavy. Crowds of people still throng past the opening at the end of the alley, th night just beginning. Rose watches them move past as thou still watching a movie, feeling the full weight of her separation from the ordinary. After a pause, she moves ou to join it.
104) 3) dialog: OK. 'Bye.
104) 5) dialog: (oddly muffled) Brushing my teeth. Good luck.
105) 0) text: In the bathroom, Rose is doubled over on the floor clutch her stomach. Two seconds after she hears the front door s closed, she lets out a low, strangled moan and begins to roll around on the floor. A sudden spasm forces her to curl into a ball again, her fingernails sinking into the palms of her hands. After th spasm passes, she props herself up against the bathroom d A thread of blood curls down her wrist. She opens her rig hand. She stares at the four tiny crescents of blood that her nails have cut into her palm. With slow, trancelike motions, she licks the blood off her wrist and her palm.
109) 0) text: Rose sits in the middle of a shopping mall full of early Christmas shoppers. Her hair is matted and straggly and s watches the people in the mall hungrily. In the backgroun children line up to sit on the knee of a huge, enthroned Santa Claus surrounded by elaborately wrapped presents an Christmas trees attached to a huge backdrop of crimson an tinsel. Two cops, a nervous young cop carrying a submachine-gun, an older cop, watch the proceedings tensely. Large crowds always mean trouble. The two cops patrol the mall separat keeping in touch by radio. A pleasant young man stops in front of Rose's bench, looks her over, then decides to ge acquainted.
109) 2) dialog: No. I don't mind. The young man sits down.
109) 5) dialog: Yeah. Sure.
112) 0) text: Rose lies curled up in Mindy's double bed, the blankets twisted up around her, sweating, her shoes still on, her muscles contracting with waves of spasms that roll over h Rose hardly notices the sound of keys jingling, the latch turning, the front door opening. Mindy's home.
112) 4) dialog: (feebly) I... I've been afraid to go out. And, Mindy, I... I'm starving. I'm starving to death. And I don't want to eat. I don't want any more to eat. She bursts into tears and rolls away from Mindy, who sli across the bed after her and begins to stroke Rose's fore
121) 0) text: Mindy has tucked Rose into bed and is now applying a cold compress to her feverish forehead. Rose seems to be half asleep.
122) 0) text: In her kitchen, Mindy continues preparing an elaborate vegetable stew, somehow convinced that her weeks in the hospital have induced in Rose an aversion to meat. The TV set, Mindy's constant companion, has been turned a so that Mindy can just see it from where she's working, although the sound has been turned off in deference to Ro At the moment there seems to be a detailed analysis of th difference between rabies and the new strain of disease holding the city in thrall, complete with microphotograph in progress.
123) 0) text: Rose takes the compress from her forehead and places it carefully on the night table. She slips out of bed and be to rummage around in the closet for her clothes.
125) 0) text: Rose is dressed and trying to steal out the front door wh Mindy hears her from the kitchen.
125) 3) dialog: Mindy, Mindy. I don't want it to be you. Mindy hugs Rose tightly, rocking her back and forth.
125) 5) dialog: (pause) Oh, Mindy, I ache all over. I'm hurting from the inside out.
128) 0) text: As the front door of Mindy's apartment slams open, Read i confronted by the bizarre spectacle of Rose hunched over Mindy's prostrate form, sucking blood from the large vein one of Mindy's arms. The instant the door slams open, Rose pulls her blood-suc organ out of Mindy's arm and tries to hide it with her ri hand. The organ, still dripping blood, slides back up un her arm into its sheath. The half-conscious Mindy puts he hand over the hole in her arm and mumbles incoherently. As Read approaches, Rose backs away, slipping her left ar back into her shirt and fumbling with the buttons. Rose n looks flushed and healthy, excited and alive.
128) 1) dialog: (quietly) It's not my fault. It's not my fault.
128) 3) dialog: What are you talking about?
128) 5) dialog: No... no... you don't know what you're talking about. I'm still me. I'm still Rose.
128) 7) dialog: (suddenly angry) I have to have blood. It's all I can eat. And it's your fault, not mine. It's your fault! Read takes three quick steps and grabs Rose by the should She shrinks away from him as though he were the monster.
128) 9) text: Read chases Rose down the corridor.
129) 0) text: Read finally manages to catch Rose at the top of the stairwell. They struggle.
130) 0) text: Rose opens the front door of the apartment building and s out on to the front steps, bewildered. There she sees a m with a mustache sifting through a handful of letters on t bottom step. He looks up at the sound of the door opening
130) 2) dialog: I... yes, I'm a friend of Mindy Kent. I was supposed to meet her here, but she must have gone out.
130) 4) dialog: Listen... I need a place to stay tonight. At least until Mindy shows up. Could I stay with you? For a little while?
134) 0) text: Rose has locked herself into the single man's apartment a slid a heavy table across the door. The single man sits slumped in an old wingback chair, his cheek bloody, his e closed. Rose has turned out all the lights in the apartment excep for a small mood light near the telephone, which sits on end table by a Victorian velvet sofa. She speaks quietly into the receiver, as though not wanting to wake the mustachioed man.
134) 1) dialog: It's me, Hart. I'm glad I managed to get you. Are you all right? Did I hurt you?
134) 3) dialog: Well, what you said to me hurt me. It scared me. It scared me because I suddenly knew you might be right. And if you were right, about my being a carrier, I mean... then I... I murdered Mindy. I murdered a lot of people.
134) 7) dialog: So I found myself a partner for my experiment, a single guy, real normal and real healthy, and I took a little of his blood... just a bit... and I've locked myself in with him. And I'm going to stay here with him until I'm sure he's not going to get sick. And then I'll know that I'm not the one who started it all.
135) 2) dialog: Hart, I just want you to be with me over the phone... just until I find out one way or the other. We can live together over the phone for a while. We can do that, can't we?
135) 4) dialog: Six hours. Maybe seven.
136) 0) text: As Read talks, Rose hears a sound behind her. She turns t see a shadow rising out of the chair behind her. The sha seems immense.
136) 2) dialog: Hart... I'm afraid! The single man lunges for Rose's throat.
139) 0) text: On Mindy's street, just a few blocks away from Mindy's apartment, a garbage truck stops to collect a body covere with dried blood that has been dragged out on to the fron steps of an apartment building. Before the garbage men ca get the body, the sniper on the roof has to shoot a dog w is sniffing at the body. The garbage men are then able to get to the body, spray i with disinfectant, spray the dog's body, and drag them ba to the truck's compressor. As the body is dumped into the back of the truck, we see that it is possibly Rose's.