1) 0) text: The pendulum of a clock. An adult hand placing a bowl of cereal on a table. Leonard, ten or eleven, waits a moment the adult to leave, grasps his spoon, and manipulates it bowl to mouth in time with the soft regular rhythm of the clock.
2) 0) text: Schoolbooks slung over their shoulders, Leonard and anoth his age, a classmate, move along a street. All around them are "visual rhythms" - lines in the sidew the even placement of trees, the sunlight breaking throug branches above them - and somewhere unseen, the rhythmic pounding of an elevator train. As they climb a fence, a pocket watch, Leonard's, falls t ground.
3) 0) text: An adult hand chalking the words of a poem on a blackboar Children at desks dutifully transcribing the lesson. All but one. Leonard. Whose hands are trembling slightly whose paper is blank. There is a noticeable lack of rhyth A cold silence. The broken watch rests on his desk. The boy from the train, glancing at Leonard, begins gentl tapping the end of his pen against his desk. Leonard, "gu by the cadence of his friend's tapping, begins to write. (o   The teacher's hand at the blackboard hesitates. Dist the rhythmic noise, he traces it to the offender and sile him with a look.
24) 1) text: He decides that her destination was the drinking fountain across the room. And that it's the table, like a barrier, has arrested her progress. He moves the table. In what appears to be slow motion, she takes a tiny step. another. And another before encountering and being "block by an empty wheelchair. She stops. Sayer moves the wheelchair and all other obstacles out of path. She continues and eventually makes it halfway to th fountain before mysteriously stopping again. Sayer studies the puzzle ... there are no longer any barr in her way, but she's not moving. Defeated, he goes to th fountain himself, fills a paper cup, and takes it to her. Across the room, a man in a wheelchair, another "ghost" (LEONARD), stares through eyes which seem more dead than "At" Sayer.
42) 1) text: Does he ever speak to you? Leonard's mother, a woman of seventy or so, is combing he son's hair, being careful to get the part straight.
46) 0) text: An old photograph. A sixth grade class picture from 1930? Moving slowly across the young faces to Leonard, eleven, end of a row.
47) 0) text: Leonard's face in shadow. Wires emerging from his scalp. sluggish EEG pattern. A blinding flash from a strobe.suddenly lights up the roo The pupils of Leonard's eyes shrink, but his EEG remains stuporously slow.
51) 0) text: Tight on Leonard. Something blurs past him but his eyes d follow it. Pulling back, the object blurs by again from t other direction. Tight on Sayer. The thing blurs past his face. His eyes d follow it either. Pulling back, it blurs again. A circle of patients in wheelchairs. The post-encephaliti reunited. "Waking" just long enough to catch and release object, a small beach ball. Leonard and Sayer, on opposite sides of the circle, ignor the ball and the other patients. He's reached a dead end, Sayer, right where he began, his only "accomplishment," this, ball-catching patients.
53) 0) text: From above, patients in wheelchairs dot the black and whi checkerboard linoleum-tile floor like chess pieces. The pattern is regular to a point but then breaks up -- is interrupted by an area of solid white, where a wall once -- before being restored. It forms a kind of narrow "sea, white area, on either side of which lies "land." At floor level Sayer and Miss Costello, on their hands an knees, are "blacking in" the missing tiles with shoe poli "bridging" the gap between the two checkerboards. The ret patients around them ignore them. The ward nurses pretend Completing the pattern Sayer glances across the room to Leonard. He seems to be "watching." His mother, nearby, i thumbing through a magazine as she brings Leonard up to d neighborhood news, isn't. В·t,   .
53) 1) text: Sayer crosses to Lucy. Lifts her gently out of her chair. Points her in the direction of the drinking fountain. She begins to move. To step slowly over each tile. She reaches the "bridge" and hesitates. Then crosses it. Sayer doesn't know whether to applaud or cry. He does nei burying his emotions behind a professional mask instead, watches as Lucy, "delivered" to the other side, free now, the regularity of the pattern guide her toward the founta She nears it. She is almost there. Then she is. there. Bu doesn't drink. Doesn't stop. She continues past it . . . To a window, the window bevond the drinking fountain whic Sayer hadn't noticed before, had no reason to notice, had need to notice, with a broken pane allowing a view to the outside. She stares out at the traffic below, in hopes no doubt of figuring out where she is. And Sayer's eyes, behind which exhilaration and horror ri shift from her to Miss Costello, and then to Leonard, in mask of a face Sayer thinks he sees a faint glimmer. These people are alive inside.
56) 0) text: Leonard's head locked on his shoulders at an improbable a that forces his entranced gaze upward to a point well abo Sayer.
59) 0) text: The keys of Sayer's old manual Underwood typewriter. And Leonard's claw of a hand hanging over them like one of th unmanageable penny arcade cranes.
63) 0) text: Leonard in his wheelchair, absolutely motionless. Sayer b the lens of the 8mm camera on the tripod. Drs. Tyler and Sullivan, at the doorway, watch with some amusement.
67) 0) text: In a far corner of the darkened ward, in a pool of lamp l two silhouetted figures. Sayer and Leonard. Sleeping pati all around them. Sayer carefully, awkwardly, places   his hand on Leonard' After a moment, the contact brings   the useless appendag life." As it slowly turns over and   grasps the doctor's glimmer of life seems to appear in   Leonard's eyes as we Sayer, unfamiliar, it seems, with the feeling the contact produces in him, nonetheless places his other hand on Leo other. Soon it too turns and holds onto Sayer's. The doctor draws both of Leonard's hands toward him and s them down on the pointer of an Ouija Board.
67) 9) text: . . . you're spelling something el e . . . s Keeping one hand on the moving pointer, Sayer fumbles a p from his shirt pocket and scribbles on his lab coat what Leonard has and is continuing to "write":
74) 0) text: Moving slowly in on Leonard as, in bed, flannel pajamas, mother diapers him for the night.
83) 0) text: Leonard, sphinx-like in his wheelchair, his mother by his Sayer, stirring the L-Dopa into a paper cup of orange jui Miss Costello, in the doorway, watching. Sayer hands the to Mrs. Lowe.                                  v (NOTE: Consult w/Sacks on this; may need the contents of capsule emptied into the cup)  -             '-' SAYER Leonard? Your mother's going to give you some juice. There's medicine in it which is why it may taste more bitter than usual.
83) 1) text: Sayer glances to Mrs. Lowe. It's as if they've rehearsed all. She holds the glass to her son's lips and gradually drains the liquid down his throat. Nothing immediately happens, of course, but they all, wit exception of Leonard, look as if they expect it to. Mrs. hands the empty glass back to Sayer. And they all wait.
84) 0) text: An empty milk glass on a night table. " Leonard, in his wheelchair, in pajamas, still and silent the painting of the boat. His mother, Sayer and Miss Costello watch and wait while them nurses atid orderlies hoist other patients into bed.
86) 0) text: Another empty milk glass. Leonard, stoic, or     so it se his wheelchair. His mother and Sayer and Miss     Costell for a movement, a change of expression, a sign    of any something is happening inside him. But there's   nothing
88) 0) text: Sayer and Miss Costello lift Leonard out of his wheelchai into his bed.
90) 0) text: Sayer at Leonard's bedside, holding the glass to Leonard' lips, draining the liquid into him, all of it. 89.   INT. LEONARD'S WARD - LATER - NIGHT      . Sayer asleep in the wheelchair. He stirs. Wakes. And take moment to remind himself where he is. And why. His eyes narrow, uncomprehending. Leonard's bed is empty.
91) 0) text: A claw of a hand dragging a crayon across a sheet of pape Tight on Sayer, framed in a doorway, as still and silent entranced as a post-encephalitic. His perspective of the dayroom -- deserted except for a f a patient, Leonard, hunched over the table. As Sayer crosses toward him, Leonard's head slowly rises. Sayer sits opposite him and they consider each other in s for several moments. Leonard struggles to speak, to form words. They come out halting cadence, flat, without inflection, and are only b recognizable as words:                   .
91) 1) dialog: It's quiet.
91) 3) dialog: I'm not asleep?
91) 6) dialog: Me.
92) 0) text: Alone in the room, Leonard moves slowly around it, feelin things: the smoothness of the cabinet glass/ the warmth t by a desk lamp, water from the cooler splashing onto his
94) 0) text: Miss Costello, flanked by Sayer and Mrs. Lowe, watches as Leonard extends his hand to the "card playing nurse."
94) 2) dialog: Margaret. o   94.   INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR - MORNING Margaret has joined the "tour, group" and introduces Leon the "music orderly." They shake hands.
94) 3) dialog: Fernando. How are you?
94) 5) dialog: Great, too.
95) 0) text: Fernando is along for the ride and watches Leonard shakin the pharmacist's hand.
95) 2) dialog: !
96) 0) text: The cooks and kitchen workers around Leonard and his ento shaking his hand.
97) 0) text: A tray of truly awful cafeteria food. The group, minus Sa and Miss Costello, watches Leonard dip a fork into some m like concoction and manipulate it, with difficulty, to an his mouth. He seems amazed by its flavor.
97) 1) dialog: It's delicious.
98) 1) text: Sayer demonstrates a clapping motion. Leonard repeats it slowly but with decent motor control.
99) 0) text: Sayer and Mrs. Lowe at Leonard's bedside. L EO N AR D
101) 0) text: Showered and shaved and groomed and bright-eyed, Leonard listening to his own heartbeat with Sayer's stethoscope. Coming in -- i      SAYER
101) 2) dialog: Good morning.     . His speech is still rather flat, halting.,
101) 4) text: Yes. Sayer smiles.    He hands Leonard the books.   History bo almanac.
101) 7) dialog: I used to read quite a lot.
101) 10) dialog: Thank you for these. i                       . Sayer nods that he's welcome.
101) 12) dialog: Everything.
101) 15) dialog: Try. Sayer smiles again. For a man who just yesterday learned has been cheated out of the greater"- part of his life, L seems to have recovered extraordinarily.
101) 17) dialog: I'd like to go outside.
102) 0) text: Sayer and Leonard emerge from the hospital and move under along a path toward the parking lot. At a point, the doct realizes his patient is no longer at his side; he's sever steps back, feeling the sunshine on his skin.
103) 0) text: (p\ Though it is only a Toyota, its dashboard, to Leonard, resembles something out of Jules Verne. He allows Sayer t buckle his seatbelt for him and watches with fascination Sayer performs the "complex" preparatory sequence necessa apparently, to make the car go. The car pulls away. Above, framed in a second story windo one of the buildings, stands a lone figure looking out -- Leonard's mother.
105) 0) text: Billboards advertising color televisions and electric sha Buses which have grown over the decades to a behemoth sca "Ultra-modern" housing projects and gas stations. "Futuristic" cars. Leonard cannot imagine a more enthralling re-introduction the world and stares at it all with wonder. Everywhere he looks there is something "extraordinary."
105) 1) dialog: What a wonderful place The Bronx has become. The music CONTINUES OVER:
107) 0) text: Children playing flag-football on an expanse of grass. Do running around, nannies with prams, lovers. A disk, a frisbee, falls at Leonard's feet. He retrieves but has no idea what it is or what to do with it. Sayer demonstrates the wrist action with an invisible one. Leon doesn't get it. Sayer takes it from him and flings it pathetically not halfway back to its owners. The music CONTINUES OVER:
108) 0) text: Leonard watches with interest a Carvel ice cream machine. and Sayer are handed cones and Leonard's attention moves girl wearing an unbelievably short skirt. Her boyfriend stares at Leonard. Sayer tries to pull his charge's attention elsewhere. Leonard, finally, glances a up, to a sound overhead. The music CONTINUES OVER:
109) 0) text: A 747 roaring down a runway. At the edge of it, it lifts and thunders over Sayer and Leonard and the parked Toyota Exhilerated, Leonard waves. The music CONTINUES OVER:
111) 0) text: Tea bags steeping in a pot on a cluttered kitchen counter Sayer, exhausted from the day, hunts in vain through pack boxes on the floor for crackers, cookies, something he ca offer his guest. He keeps glancing in at Leonard, who's wandering around t dining room, navigating around packing boxes, to browse a spines of books. Noticing Sayer watching -
111) 1) dialog: You just moved here.
111) 3) dialog: Your son?
111) 5) dialog: (looking closely at                              ' the photograph)
111) 13) dialog: What if you just want to go for a walk?
112) 2) text: I memorized it. Which I admit was a rather precocious thing for a seven year old to do. And I remember feeling . . . not so much a sense of accomplishment . . . as comfort. The halogens were what they were. The alkali metals were what they were. Each element had its place, and nothing could change that. They were secure, no matter what. Leonard nods, perhaps more out of politeness than understanding. Sayer nods too, feeling, perhaps, a little exposed.
112) 3) dialog: 
112) 7) dialog: Eleanor would disagree with you. Sayer stares at him blankly. He doesn't seem to know who "Eleanor11 is.                                . SAYER
112) 8) text: -~                   Eleanor? ^r *                           LEONARD Miss Costello. SAYER Oh, yes, of course. (uneasy) She's spoken to you about me?
112) 9) text: Leonard nods. Sayer can't imagine why, nor what she might said. Fearing the worst -- SAYER What'd she say? LEONARD           ' That you're a kind man. That you care very much for people.
112) 10) text: Sayer shifts in his chair uncomfortably. a. LEONARD But you meant normal people.
115) 0) text: 8mm film of Leonard before L-Dopa -- a wide shot of him absolutely motionless in his wheelchair.
115) 8) dialog: Now?
115) 10) dialog: My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I have been away for . . . quite some time . . . He seems to withdraw, to wrestle with the thought, to try somehow come to terms with it, to somehow resolve it. He as he finds within himself some source of strength and lo directly at the camera.
115) 11) dialog: I'm back.
117) 0) text: Several empty medicine paper-cups. The "garden of stone," reassembled. Sayer knows better than to sit and wait, tha nothing is going to immediately happen, but he sits and w anyway. As does Miss Costello. As does Leonard and his mother. 121.   INT. STAFF ROOM - NIGHT               . Sayer asleep on a couch that's too short for him. Miss Costello asleep on another.
119) 0) text: They appear at the threshold, Sayer, Miss Costello, the n nurse, the others, and peer into the darkened room: In the quiet, in the shadows, in the moonlight filtering through the windows, the post-encephalitics are emerging their "cocoons," rising from the "dead" like Lazarus from earth, reborn. Moving slowly past the beds: A figure rediscovering the feeling of her skin; another, the sound of his breath; an the beating of her heart. A figure still asleep . . . wakes. And for the first time nearly half a century sees herself in the world. Tight on Sayer, on the look of awe on his face as he star the scene going on in the darkened ward. His glance finds Leonard who is sitting up in his bed, smiling.
123) 0) text: Sidney and Lolly emerge from the dayroom, followed by the post-encephalitics. They're all wearing suits and dresses walk with purpose past wheelchair-bound patients with "uninteresting" diseases. As they wait for the elevator, Leonard wanders slightly d the corridor to see if the girl is there again reading in crafts area. The chair she was in is empty. 130A. INT. ELEVATOR &amp; CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER - DAY The elevator door slides open revealing them. Paula, insi hesitates: the sight is almost surreal. &gt;As they crowd wedges out, and down the hall, Leonard watching after her
123) 2) text: Leonard steps into the elevator, the last one in.
123) 6) text: C -j               He's not the same kind of patient. 131.CONT.                           . LEONARD He's still a patient.       You're not a patient. MRS. LOWE I'm your mother.
123) 7) text: Inside the bus, Miriam, anxious to leave, leans over the to honk the horn. Leonard kisses his mother on the cheek turns away.
123) 9) text: He's parted it, apparently, on the "wrong" side. She pull comb from her purse, recombs it "correctly," straightens jacket lapels and steps back.                          ' MRS. LOWE There. LEONARD There's your bus.                .
123) 12) dialog: I've decided not to go.
123) 13) text: He waves to his mother. Sayer stares at him. LEONARD I'm staying here. SAYER Why? What's wrong?
123) 14) dialog: Nothing. Wave.
123) 16) text: '(_J)               Let's go, already. 131.C0NT.                                . As the public bus pulls away, Leonard pats Sayer on the shoulder.
123) 17) dialog: I'll see you later, have a good time. He climbs the hospital steps and disappears inside, Sayer staring after him. Miriam honks the horn again, and he cl aboard. The doors hiss shut and driver turns to him.
126) 1) text: From the doorway, from a distance, Leonard watches Paula the room with her father, reading to him again from the newspaper: PAULA " . . . to the undistinguished bars of a hundred neighborhoods, New York yesterday went pleasantly mad over the World Champion Mets . . .
127) 0) text: Paula moving along the serving line with a tray. Leonard, in line, moving along with his tray, a little too close. steals a glance.
127) 2) text: Startled and embarrassed, Leonard withdraws. PAULA I'm kidding. I'm sorry. I saw you upstairs . . . just now.
127) 3) text: Leonard nods without looking at her.
127) 9) dialog: (pause)
127) 14) dialog: (pause)
127) 18) dialog: Yes.                                              В· His tone is that of someone speaking of a fact, rather th offering an opinion. She studies him . . . and eventually
127) 20) text: '                   I receive medication. ,        She waits for more, but it doesn't come. LEONARD
131) 0) text: Leonard and Paula crossing toward the front doors. She's chatting but he's taking it seriously. PAULA Things happen, people are late. LEONARD They won't be angry. PAULA Oh, they'll be angry. What're they going to do, fire me?
131) 4) text: He shakes the hand gently, lets it go. LEONARD Bye. PAULA Thanks for talking to me.            В·
131) 5) text: She steps away toward the door. LEONARD He knows.
131) 7) dialog: Your father. He knows you visit him.
132) 0) text: Sayer steps into the room to find a figure hunched over h typewriter in a pool of lamplight. Glancing over to the d the figure is revealed to be Leonard.
132) 2) dialog: Everybody have a good time? Leonard doesn't wait for the answer, returns to his typin Sayer comes closer.