14) 4) text: Her name is Lucy Fishman . . .
16) 13) text: Sayer watches Kaufman leave. So does Miss Costello. Lucy, looking less like a woman than a Diane Arbus photograph o doesn't.
22) 4) text: 23.CONT,                       (continuity only) Sidney turns to a patient, an elderly woman in a wheelcha beside him. Her state resembles that of Lucy's, that is, appears to have no awareness of Sidney, Sayer, or anythin in her environment. It is only now, in fact, as Sidney sp soup into her mouth, careful not to spill any, that Sayer notices her.
24) 0) text: Another dayroom crowded with patients, one of which stand before a table, absolutely motionless, on thin bird-like It is Lucy, the one who caught/the tennis ball. The movem of nurses and other patients only accentuates her stillne Sayer considers her from all      angles as    one consid abstract art piece that baff     les but in   trigues. Un others, she's on her feet. A      nd unlike    the others to Sayer, to have been headed      somewhere    before tu again. - ."        В»
43) 0) text: Sayer, trailing after Mrs. Lowe and her sonr becomes momentarily distracted by Lucy, the most recently arrived encephalitic, the one he tried unsuccessfully to coax to drinking fountain. She is there again, "stuck" at the sam point, angled toward the fountain but unable to reach it. Sayer brings her a cup of water and rejoins Mrs. Lowe.
53) 1) text: Sayer crosses to Lucy. Lifts her gently out of her chair. Points her in the direction of the drinking fountain. She begins to move. To step slowly over each tile. She reaches the "bridge" and hesitates. Then crosses it. Sayer doesn't know whether to applaud or cry. He does nei burying his emotions behind a professional mask instead, watches as Lucy, "delivered" to the other side, free now, the regularity of the pattern guide her toward the founta She nears it. She is almost there. Then she is. there. Bu doesn't drink. Doesn't stop. She continues past it . . . To a window, the window bevond the drinking fountain whic Sayer hadn't noticed before, had no reason to notice, had need to notice, with a broken pane allowing a view to the outside. She stares out at the traffic below, in hopes no doubt of figuring out where she is. And Sayer's eyes, behind which exhilaration and horror ri shift from her to Miss Costello, and then to Leonard, in mask of a face Sayer thinks he sees a faint glimmer. These people are alive inside.
120) 0) text: Tight on Lucy's face, deep in thought, lost in thought. A several moments of silence, she speaks -
120) 23) dialog: . . . I called to my sister, but she couldn't hear me. No one could hear me. I was alone . . . (pause) And then I woke up. She smiles. Sayer tries to. He hesitates ... but finally can't help asking her -
120) 25) dialog: What year is it? You don't know? He shakes his head 'no.' She glances around the place, th leans close to him and whispers -
120) 26) dialog: 