11) 6) dialog: I wouldn't bet on it, he hasn't for twenty years. The nurse turns away. Sayer crosses slowly back to Mrs. C trying to find the words to tell her. He doesn't have to; discomfort does it. Her hand slowly reaches up and pulls ribbon from her hair. 13.    OMITTED                                    .
11) 9) text: It gets easier. Sayer turns to the voice, to Miss Costello, the hospital' nurse, a veteran of this place, a woman who has seen it a She's standing in the doorway.
24) 0) text: Another dayroom crowded with patients, one of which stand before a table, absolutely motionless, on thin bird-like It is Lucy, the one who caught/the tennis ball. The movem of nurses and other patients only accentuates her stillne Sayer considers her from all      angles as    one consid abstract art piece that baff     les but in   trigues. Un others, she's on her feet. A      nd unlike    the others to Sayer, to have been headed      somewhere    before tu again. - ."        В»
53) 0) text: From above, patients in wheelchairs dot the black and whi checkerboard linoleum-tile floor like chess pieces. The pattern is regular to a point but then breaks up -- is interrupted by an area of solid white, where a wall once -- before being restored. It forms a kind of narrow "sea, white area, on either side of which lies "land." At floor level Sayer and Miss Costello, on their hands an knees, are "blacking in" the missing tiles with shoe poli "bridging" the gap between the two checkerboards. The ret patients around them ignore them. The ward nurses pretend Completing the pattern Sayer glances across the room to Leonard. He seems to be "watching." His mother, nearby, i thumbing through a magazine as she brings Leonard up to d neighborhood news, isn't. В·t,   .
54) 0) text: A soap opera on a portable black and white TV in a narrow passageway of a nurses' station. Beyond.it, beyond a glas partition, a crowded idle dayroom. Miss Costello crosses into and out of view and reappears moments later next to the TV. She switches it off and tur face the three RNs who were watching it. In their defense
54) 2) dialog: The patients have all been given their morning medication.
55) 0) text: The nurse holds the book like it's something quite foreig her. She finds the beginning of the first chapter, clears throat, and reads --
84) 0) text: An empty milk glass on a night table. " Leonard, in his wheelchair, in pajamas, still and silent the painting of the boat. His mother, Sayer and Miss Costello watch and wait while them nurses atid orderlies hoist other patients into bed.
94) 0) text: Miss Costello, flanked by Sayer and Mrs. Lowe, watches as Leonard extends his hand to the "card playing nurse."
114) 0) text: Cafeteria workers carting serving trays back to the kitch Nurses and orderlies and office workers at tables with fi meals and cups of coffee. They seem unaware of Drs. Sayer Kaufman at a table near the door. KAUFMAN
117) 3) dialog: It's a miracle.
118) 0) text: They move along a silent corridor that seems to stretch o forever -- the doctor, the two nurses -- carrying themsel professionally, with sobriety and restraint. But as they the ward, as they're joined by others, other nurses, orde their steps and hearts quicken. They break into a trot.
119) 0) text: They appear at the threshold, Sayer, Miss Costello, the n nurse, the others, and peer into the darkened room: In the quiet, in the shadows, in the moonlight filtering through the windows, the post-encephalitics are emerging their "cocoons," rising from the "dead" like Lazarus from earth, reborn. Moving slowly past the beds: A figure rediscovering the feeling of her skin; another, the sound of his breath; an the beating of her heart. A figure still asleep . . . wakes. And for the first time nearly half a century sees herself in the world. Tight on Sayer, on the look of awe on his face as he star the scene going on in the darkened ward. His glance finds Leonard who is sitting up in his bed, smiling.