120) 33) dialog: " . . . Like crowds storming the Bastille ...
121) 6) dialog: . . . the Mighty Mets stormed 11 their locker room shortly after nine o'clock on their night to remember - He moves toward the voice, traces it to a crafts area, wh young woman is reading from the sports page to an older m tied to his wheelchair. Though it's doubtful the man is even aware of her presenc reads to him as if her were, and in the process, draws Le into the sound of her words until there are no sounds but words:
121) 7) dialog: "Released from bondage and ridicule after seven destitute seasons, they raised the roof of Shea Stadium - while their fans attempted to dismantle it - in one of the loudest, wildest victory celebrations in baseball     : history - "         ._ The reverie is suddenly shattered, the real sounds of the hospital rising back up, as Sidney, wild with excitement, through the far doors of the corridor. He sprints past th crafts area, past Leonard, runs the entire length of the corridor, and -
123) 0) text: Sidney and Lolly emerge from the dayroom, followed by the post-encephalitics. They're all wearing suits and dresses walk with purpose past wheelchair-bound patients with "uninteresting" diseases. As they wait for the elevator, Leonard wanders slightly d the corridor to see if the girl is there again reading in crafts area. The chair she was in is empty. 130A. INT. ELEVATOR &amp; CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER - DAY The elevator door slides open revealing them. Paula, insi hesitates: the sight is almost surreal. &gt;As they crowd wedges out, and down the hall, Leonard watching after her
126) 0) text: A dayroom thick with inactivity. And the voice: PAULA O.S. "From the sleek skyscrapers of Wall Street where a tickertape blizzard filled the sky . . .
126) 1) text: From the doorway, from a distance, Leonard watches Paula the room with her father, reading to him again from the newspaper: PAULA " . . . to the undistinguished bars of a hundred neighborhoods, New York yesterday went pleasantly mad over the World Champion Mets . . .
127) 0) text: Paula moving along the serving line with a tray. Leonard, in line, moving along with his tray, a little too close. steals a glance.
127) 1) dialog: You following me?               *
127) 2) text: Startled and embarrassed, Leonard withdraws. PAULA I'm kidding. I'm sorry. I saw you upstairs . . . just now.
127) 4) dialog: Visiting someone? LEONARD No.                                 В· PAULA You work here. LEONARD I live here. (REV.11/10/89)GOLDENROD   Pg.75
127) 6) dialog: (pause)
127) 8) dialog: You don't look like a patient.
127) 13) dialog: I don't know if he knows I visit him or not. I don't know that he knows who I am. My mother doesn't think so. She doesn't; come around any more--
127) 16) dialog: Sometimes I think I see something. I think I see a change. And for a second, I see him like he was . . . She smiles at the memory of her father like he was . . . it's gone and her smile fades.
127) 17) dialog: Does that make any sense? A slow nod from him . . .
127) 19) dialog: Why are you here? 134.CONT. He doesn't know how to begin to explain it to her. LEONARD (pause)
131) 0) text: Leonard and Paula crossing toward the front doors. She's chatting but he's taking it seriously. PAULA Things happen, people are late. LEONARD They won't be angry. PAULA Oh, they'll be angry. What're they going to do, fire me?
131) 3) text: They're almost to the doors.      She offers her hand to PAULA (pause) Bye.
131) 4) text: He shakes the hand gently, lets it go. LEONARD Bye. PAULA Thanks for talking to me.            В·
131) 9) text: PAULA I'll see you.