19) 1) dialog: I am not mad ... not mad . . . 20.   EXT. SCHOOLYARD &amp; BAINBRIDGE HOSPITAL - DAY A tether ball dangling from a rope, resting against a pol The chains of a swing. Pigeons scavenging scraps on the asphalt of the elementary school playground, deserted.
19) 3) dialog: I know the difference between what is real and what is not . . . Beyond a chain-link fence, across the field, on the roof of Bainbridge's brick buildings, peering down from the ed it, coat over his smock, hat on his head, an elderly man.
20) 1) dialog: The voice was real. REV.12/12/89 (PINK)      Pg.14
20) 4) dialog: "Mr. Titch, get your coat and hat, go up to the roof and jump off."
20) 7) dialog: You don't deny it was you.
20) 11) dialog: If that's true . . . I'm in a predicament.
22) 0) text: Sayer back with Sidney. SAYER Did you see me when-1 "spoke?"
22) 1) text: Sidney thinks about it, tries to remember, to summon back moment in question, to picture it exactly as it happened, didn't happen.
22) 2) dialog: No. SAYER You see me now though.
22) 3) dialog: Yes. REV.12/12/89 (PINK)               Pg.l5
22) 4) text: 23.CONT,                       (continuity only) Sidney turns to a patient, an elderly woman in a wheelcha beside him. Her state resembles that of Lucy's, that is, appears to have no awareness of Sidney, Sayer, or anythin in her environment. It is only now, in fact, as Sidney sp soup into her mouth, careful not to spill any, that Sayer notices her.
40) 1) text: Across the room, paying no attention to Sayer, are Sidney Lolly. He's gently brushing her hair. Sayer manages a pen into the hand of another woman and sh "draws" a kind a kind of circular shape that spirals in o itself until it reaches a "vanishing point" in the center
121) 0) text: Sidney bursts into the room out of breath and scans the f of the awakened post-encephalitics and staff. He spots Sa seated with a woman, her back to him and the door. She sl turns to look over her shoulder and, seeing Sidney, smile
121) 2) dialog: Hi.        i He smiles and crosses toward her, but by the time he reac her the smile has disappeared. Something troubling has occurred to him. He glances to Sayer and whispers --
121) 3) dialog: Is it real . . . or . . .
122) 0) text: Sidney bursts into the room out of breath and scans the f of the awakened post-encephalitics and staff. He spots Sa seated with a woman, her back to him and the door. She sl turns to look over her shoulder and, seeing Sidney, smile
122) 2) dialog: Hi. 129.CONT. He smiles and crosses toward her, but by the time he reac her the smile has disappeared. Something troubling has occurred to him. He looks to Sayer and whispers -- SIDNEY Is it real ... or . . .
122) 4) text: Sidney lowers himself to his knees before Lolly and, weep
123) 0) text: Sidney and Lolly emerge from the dayroom, followed by the post-encephalitics. They're all wearing suits and dresses walk with purpose past wheelchair-bound patients with "uninteresting" diseases. As they wait for the elevator, Leonard wanders slightly d the corridor to see if the girl is there again reading in crafts area. The chair she was in is empty. 130A. INT. ELEVATOR &amp; CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER - DAY The elevator door slides open revealing them. Paula, insi hesitates: the sight is almost surreal. &gt;As they crowd wedges out, and down the hall, Leonard watching after her