1) 0) text: OPENING CREDITS and MUSIC play as dawn breaks over the city by the bay. Sounds of intense SEXUAL EXERTION FADE
2) 0) text: In what is more workout than lovemaking, NELSON MOSS (36) thrusts vigorously into ANGELICA (32), lying spread- eagled on her back. An ALARM goes off, and on cue, Nelson climaxes. OPENING CREDITS and MUSIC FADE OUT. Finished, Nelson hops to his feet on his way...
4) 0) text: Towel-wrapped, Nelson keeps talking as he crosses the room.
6) 0) text: Fax in hand, Nelson speed-dials on a cell phone as he passes Angelica. Entering a walk-in closet, he dresses in a hurry.
7) 0) text: He hangs up the phone, and takes a deep breath. He is in a state of extremely jangled nerves. He pours a giant coffee, praying Angelica will stay in the bedroom as he channel-surfs on all five TVs, stopping on a hot dog commercial. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: Sleepy Madison Avenue types surround Nelson, wide awake as he talks on his cell phone.
10) 0) text: The elevator opens onto an advertising agency, abuzz with activity. Nelson is met by VINCE HOLLAND (36). Walking side-by-side, both men continue talking into their phones.
11) 0) text: A temple of California corporate cool, the place looks like a hip playpen for a kid who never grew up. Nelson immediately settles down to work, furiously typing new copy into his computer as Vince nervously peers over his shoulder to observe the changes, wants to distract him, change subject.
12) 0) text: Nelson and Vince are walking into an art department.
15) 0) text: Halfway through the test, Nelson is beginning to fray.
16) 0) text: Nelson, talking on his phone, emerges from the DMV.
17) 0) text: Nelson works out at an intense pace on an treadmill as he watches all five TV's. Other than shelves of glass vases and ceramics, the only other decor is a fish tank occupied by a lone fish. The MICROWAVE BEEPS, Nelson jumps off mumbling:
21) 0) text: In the midst of an industrial district, the Mercedes pulls up near a nondescript building.
23) 0) text: Sara approaches the building. She goes in. Moments later, an ALARM BLARES. 23 24 25 26 27 4/5/00 17.
24) 0) text: The ALARM CLANGING, Nelson is frozen, completely terrified, realizing this could be far more serious than he imagined.
33) 0) text: Deliberately chaotic, Sara's loft includes the fire pole from the old station and plants galore. As the puppies carouse in a pen, Sara sets two teacups on the kitchen table, where Nelson is sitting, aware of the fact that she is openly checking him out. He tries to strike a nonchalant pose.
34) 0) text: At the end of a long table, Raeford Dunne sits next to BUDDY LEACH (65). Vince and agency staff fill one side of the table. Leach and the Doctor Diggety brass occupy the other. Leach's face does not betray one emotion as he listens to Nelson's presentation. On the wall, white sheets of paper cover boards underneat Nelson is at the top of his game, a consummate showman. H is so amped up, he's practically throwing off sparks. He holds up a board with an image on it -- a silly looking 50's style hot dog cartoon figure -- Doctor Diggety.
41) 0) text: Holding the box, Nelson leans over to talk to a CABBY.
44) 0) text: Sara sprays the shirt with detergent. She crosses the last day of October off a large wall calendar and then tears the month away, revealing November.
49) 0) text: Alone in bed, Nelson is sound asleep, jerks bolt upright screaming -- a cross-eyed cat is gnawing at his toes. He grabs the cat by the scruff of neck, ready to hurl it, then guiltily peeks to see if Sara's around, muttering:
53) 4) text: 54 SWEET NOVEMBER - 5/9/00 39A. CONTINUED: (Al) 54
55) 0) text: On the street, they pass two old-guard bay area hippies in their 60s -- husband and wife AL and OSIRIS. They're unlocking the door to their bookstore, Christopher's Books, with pictures of Ginsberg and Ferlinghetti in the window.
58) 0) text: Extremely put out, Nelson walks beside Sara -- each holds three dogs on leashes as they head up a path. The dogs don't pull or tug, prance with military precision.
59) 0) text: The van is parked near a hose. Nelson sits glumly in driver's seat. Outside, Sara hoses off all the filthy dogs.
69) 0) text: Nelson, wearing floral boxers, examines Sara's bathroom, frowning at the cast-iron tub. She is washing her face.
81) 0) text: In very high spirits, the three of them sit at a table outside the coffee shop. Abner and Sara share a banana split. Abner is horrified to see the waitress bring Nelson a fruit salad. Sara whispers to Abner. (CONTINUED)
82) 0) text: A decaying working-class neighborhood; "for sale" signs dot the front yards. Nelson's neglected old house has a “for sale" sign in front. He balks, feigning indifference.
88) 0) text: The two of them taking another walk; CAMERA MOVES OFF of Nelson to reveal... he is walking Ernie, the puppy, on a leash.
89) 0) text: As Sara cuts her hair with a FLOWBEE, Nelson dresses in business attire. Three weeks of November are crossed off the large wall calendar. It is November 20th. (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: An innocent-looking WAITRESS delivers lunch to Nelson, Vince and EDGAR PRICE (60). Nelson is essentially taking command of the meeting, showing the same cool professionalism he exhibited when he delivered his presentation. As he talks, Edgar Price studies him carefully.
91) 0) text: Chas and Sara walk toward the Chinese tea shop.
95) 0) text: Sara walks down the street, wraps her scarf tighter, shaking. She rubs her temples, not feeling well. Keeps walking. (CONTINUED )
104) 0) text: While Nelson stands off by himself, feeling exiled and helpless, Chas confers with a NURSE outside Sara's hospital room. Nelson can see her in a bed, unconscious, hooked up to blinking machines and a web of IV's. Nelson slowly comes over to Chas, taps him on the shoulder.
106) 0) text: Nelson steps into her room. She is awake, but drained. The strain between them is so palpable you can touch it. They're like two people spiritually exposed for the first time. (CONTINUED)
107) 0) text: Nelson holding Sara tightly, she walks like a child on eggshells, every step hurts her. They pass a NURSE. (CONTINUED)
111) 0) text: Nelson holds Abner's hand as they walk to Abner's house. Across the street, all the lights are blazing in Sara's loft.
112) 0) text: Nelson slumped in back, in a daze. Outside, tableaux of the city glide past the window: a couple kissing against a car, an ambulance careening down a street, SIRENS BLARING, a blind man gingerly heading up a sidewalk, led by a seeing-eye dog.
116) 0) text: The table is set with a motley collection of mismatched plates and silver, decorated with Abner's puppets. The feast is laid out for Brandon, Chas, Abner, Al and Osiris. Al raises a glass of wine in toast.
116) 1) dialog: Happy we-stole-your-land-and- killed-your-people day. Suddenly, CHRISTMAS MUSIC BLASTS and Sara bolts up as Nelson swings in through the window over the fire escape. He is dressed as Santa Claus, carries a huge pack. (CONTINUED)
117) 0) text: On stage, Nelson, wearing a white dinner jacket and black tie, sings "Time After Time." In the audience, Sara watches with glee as Nelson sings directly to her. Meanwhile, the diverse crowd goes wild for the rare, unabashedly heterosexual performance.
119) 0) text: Sara enters and freezes. Novembers torn from innumerable calendars are everywhere. Every reachable inch of wall space and half the furniture are covered with the month. Nelson walks up behind Sara and wraps his arms around her.
122) 0) text: They are walking down the street, taking in all the familiar sights of the street.
123) 0) text: The two of them licking ice cream cones as they look out the train window, talking and laughing.
124) 0) text: Nelson and Sara gently make love. As the BELLS of the nearby CHURCH RING TWELVE ominous times, Sara stares at the large wall calendar. Every day of November but the last has been crossed off. Kissing Sara's neck, shoulders and breasts, Nelson doesn't see her anguished face.
126) 0) text: Nelson wakes up as dawn is breaking, surprised to see Sara's not in bed with him. He peers around, sees her fully-dressed, pulling the Novembers off the wall one- by-one. Most are already piled up in her arms.
127) 0) text: Sara steps into the dawn, trying to stay calm. Suddenly breaks into a run as if she has to flee everything. Nelson careens out of the building in pursuit, practically dressing as he runs, throwing a jacket on.
129) 0) text: The park is deserted. Halfway through, Nelson catches her. They both gasp for air.