2) 0) text: In what is more workout than lovemaking, NELSON MOSS (36) thrusts vigorously into ANGELICA (32), lying spread- eagled on her back. An ALARM goes off, and on cue, Nelson climaxes. OPENING CREDITS and MUSIC FADE OUT. Finished, Nelson hops to his feet on his way...
6) 0) text: Fax in hand, Nelson speed-dials on a cell phone as he passes Angelica. Entering a walk-in closet, he dresses in a hurry.
6) 2) dialog: Slow down. We need to talk.
6) 6) dialog: Us. He mouths "shit," then turns to flash her a reassuring smile, holding up a finger to wait as he finishes his call.
7) 0) text: He hangs up the phone, and takes a deep breath. He is in a state of extremely jangled nerves. He pours a giant coffee, praying Angelica will stay in the bedroom as he channel-surfs on all five TVs, stopping on a hot dog commercial. (CONTINUED)
8) 2) dialog: You forgot about my parents, didn't you? He did.
8) 4) dialog: Nelson, this is their third trip to the city. This is important to me.
8) 6) dialog: Stop it -- you know there are actually people who don't work 24 hours a day. They stop. Relax. Have lives. Dressed in chic clothes, Nelson grabs his suitcase. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: The door opens and Nelson enters, instantly deflating. He's very relieved to find Angelica emerging from the bedroom.
38) 2) dialog: You are? He notices she is carrying an overnight bag. She musters her strength, mind made up. (CONTINUED)
38) 5) dialog: No muss, no fuss. Let's try to do this with a little dignity, shall we? She crosses toward the door, past him. He is shocked.
38) 7) dialog: Hard to believe but it's not your call, Nelson. I just finally realized... I can't stay involved with a man who doesn't even know he's not involved. (awkwardly) So I guess this non-relationship is officially a non-relationship. All her efforts to be cool are cracking. She looks away, pushing the corners of her eyes, trying to stop a tear.
38) 8) dialog: I tried to get close to you. I did.
38) 11) dialog: I'm not staying just because you don't want to be alone. She exits, leaving Nelson alone in the silent penthouse. He approaches his display of glass and ceramics and stares at them blankly. Then, with a sudden, violent swipe, Nelson sends the entire collection crashing. Someone KNOCKS on the door.