2) 13) text: My dad is a fireman. WE PULL BACK and see all of the kids hang out the window wave at JOE, 40, who is Dark Irish, handsomely weathered, and happy to be at work when his wife takes the kids to church. WE GO TIGHT on JOE as he waves back to the kids.
2) 14) dialog: (sarcastic to fellow firemen) I wish I could be with them more.
2) 19) dialog: Dying in a fire sometimes doesn't sound so bad. The station wagon pulls up to church and the children jum out like clowns from a small car. Margaret drives off as children exit the station wagon. Patrick lifts Katie up t the basin of holy water. Katie splashes water on her forehead and makes a sign of cross. Patrick, annoyed, puts her down and points his finger at her. He gently touches the water with his index and midd finger and slowly makes the sign of the cross. Katie shak her head in agreement. Seamus dips his hand in the water and fake sneezes on Pet Pete punches him in the shoulder. Margaret walks in and proceeds to lead her ducklings down the aisle as the head in church turn to watch. Each kid genuflects, some better than others, and sit. Pe sits between Seamus and Patrick. He looks at Margaret. Sh smiles and winks at him. Pete looks up to the life-size J hanging high behind the altar. WE SLOWLY go TIGHT on JESU hanging on the cross.
3) 0) text: REVERSE CAM - Looking out through Jesus's eyes. A WAKE. A Irish wake. Two little boys approach the casket. They kne in front of the casket. Seamus looks at Pete. Pete's eyes are wide in anticipation. Seamus nudges Pete. Pete nudges Seamus back. Seamus makes the sign of the cross and Pete copies him. The two stand and walk away. WE FOLLOW them through the crowd. The boys continue to walk through the crowd but WE STOP at a circle of men holding drinks. JOE, holding a Rum and Coke, is talking out the side of h mouth.
3) 1) dialog: So? What do I do? Go up to Aunt Maggie. Hey Aunt Maggie, did I mention Uncle Jim owed me a nickel? The other men laugh. Joe's fat brother, ROGER, answers as he's Jim's wife. He pulls out a coin
3) 2) text: I know things are tight, Joe, but this is cheap. Even for you. Roger hands Joe the nickel.
3) 3) dialog: Well, we'll call it even. That idiot. You know if he was up a nickel with the book, he would have lived to collect. The men laugh heartily.
3) 4) dialog: A new way to fend off death. Be up money with your bookie.
3) 6) dialog: He might need more time. What if the devil has extradition rights? All of the men laugh. A man hands Joe a drink. He finishe the drink in his right hand as he accepts the fresh drink his left hand. Seamus and Pete come running back through the crowd. Marg standing with four women and smoking, calls them over.
5) 2) dialog: Better make this good Katie.
5) 11) dialog: A beanie? Patrick looks at Pete.
5) 15) dialog: To hide their horns. The older kids laugh. Margaret winces.
5) 18) dialog: Patrick, your Uncle Charlie says he could get you an interview over at the city planners office.
5) 21) dialog: That's always there. Well, kid, what the hell are you going to do? The kids react to the word hell.
5) 23) dialog: Life guarding? I've raised a professional lifeguarder. In Chicago. Work three months a year.
5) 26) dialog: Don't let her old man catch her saving you.
11) 22) text: Rabbi, your house is on fire. Big fire! The Rabbi doesn't hear the last line. He takes off in a f sprint back the way Steven came. Another fire engine race past. WE FOLLOW the fire engine. WE PASS OVER THE TOP of FIRE ENGINE to the other side where JOE O'MALLEY hangs on WE FOLLOW THE FIRE ENGINE up the block where people stand outside watching a house burn. The rabbi reaches the hous at the same time the fire engine does.
11) 24) text: Dad! Dad! Dad! Joe looks up and before he knows it Seamus is jumping int his arms. Joe puts Seamus down instantly and starts to scream.
11) 25) dialog: What the hell are you doing here? Jesus Christ Seamus! Jesus Christ! Seamus's face turns white. Joe looks up and sees Pete sta on the corner frozen.
11) 26) dialog: And you brought your brother? Joe slaps Seamus across the face.
11) 27) dialog: How many times have I told you not to chase fire engines! It's dangerous. You could have killed yourself and your brother. Go home! And wait for me in your room! Seamus turns around and walks toward Pete. Seamus reaches Pete, who is still frozen. Seamus never looks up from the pavement.
12) 0) text: The O'Malley family sits around the TV and watches the ne which is reporting live from the fire, which still simmer in the background. WE GO UP THE STAIRS AND DOWN THE HALLWAY to Pete and Seam room. They both sit on their beds staring quietly at the ceilin Seamus throws a tennis ball to himself. The front door op and screams of DAD fill the house. Pete turns and looks a Seamus. Seamus fixates on the rotation of the ball as it leaves his hand. He repeats this over and over. Joe enter the bedroom and closes the door behind him. Pete and Seamus sit up. Joe grabs a chair and flips it ar so he's leaning forward on the back of the chair.
12) 1) dialog: How many times have I told you boys? Seamus begins to speak. Joe cuts him off.
12) 2) dialog: People die in fires. You don't chase fires, you run away from them. That family lost a ten year old boy in that fire today.
12) 4) dialog: What were you two doing in that neighborhood? Pete and Seamus stay silent.
12) 5) dialog: You're both grounded. You can't leave this block. If I find either one of you outside this block or hear that either one of you left this block, you will get a whooping that you will still feel on your sixteenth birthday.
12) 7) dialog: That's it. Joe stands up and exits the room. Seamus gets off his bed and grabs his glove. He starts to pound the ball into his glove.
13) 0) text: Joe sits in the backyard alone on a lounge chair drinking Old Style beer. A floodlight illuminates the backyard. Th backdoor opens and shuts. Joe continues to stare out. Pet grabs a chair, spins it around like his dad, and leans fo on the back of the chair. Nothing is said for a few seconds as Pete stares out. Joe doesn't look at Pete.
13) 1) dialog: What are you doing up?
13) 4) dialog: Jewish people can't go to heaven.
13) 7) dialog: How old are you?
13) 9) dialog: You should be playing baseball and going to the pool. And asleep by nine.
13) 11) dialog: Don't go to that synagogue anymore. You go to church. Let the Jewish people take care of themselves.
13) 13) dialog: Not anymore. The Jews will be Jews. And Christians will be Christians. Don't try to change things at seven and a half. Pete stares out at the backyard.
14) 0) text: Margaret lays in bed watching "The Tonight Show" when Joe walks out of the bathroom. He jumps into bed and watches with her.
14) 3) dialog: Too much weight? You're skinnier and more beautiful than the first day I met you. Margaret laughs.
14) 5) dialog: It was a fire. They're never good. Margaret knocks on the wall that the bed lays against. Sh turns her head and faces the wall.
14) 7) dialog: Whaddaya want from me?
14) 9) dialog: If you were skinnier when we met, I don't remember. And there's no way I liked it. Margaret pushes his hand away and rolls over. Joe twists pillow in half and stares at the ceiling.
14) 10) dialog: Did you know Pete was going to a synagogue to convert Jewish people? Margaret laughs.
14) 11) dialog: I'm not finding that as funny. Margaret rolls over and faces Joe.
14) 13) dialog: He's seven. Baseball is the only meaning in a seven year old's life.
14) 15) dialog: I don't know honey. Sounds like Pete's looking for a recipe to get beat up. I told him to leave those people alone. Don't let him go over there.
14) 17) dialog: Now that's parenting 101. My kid's clean and nobody says he's trouble. Am I going to have to work and raise the kids?
14) 19) dialog: Maybe we should bring another kid into the world who's clean and doesn't cause any trouble?
15) 0) text: Joe sits on a lounge chair outside of the firehouse with few other firemen playing cards. Roger, his brother and f fireman, is studying the sports page.
15) 3) dialog: Why you try to convince us? You never bet against the Sox. Ever.
15) 5) dialog: You ever think about betting the other team. When you're betting, don't let your heart get in the way of a good decision.
15) 7) dialog: Funny how your heart and mind always say Sox.
15) 9) dialog: Shut the hell up Roger. Jack's crushing me cause of you. (To Jack) You should be a garbage man the way you pick up every card I throw. You do that to piss me off, Jack? Jack adds the score.
15) 14) dialog: Rabbi, Joe O'Malley. I'm sorry for your loss. The men nod in agreement.
15) 19) dialog: I bet it is. (To Rabbi) My guys love a good meal, but I wish your wife wouldn't have. We were just doing our job.
15) 29) dialog: Like a wake.
15) 33) dialog: 
15) 38) dialog: Yep. I've got children all right. Eight.
15) 42) dialog: I found out he's been a nuisance at your temple and I've reprimanded him. He won't be bothering you anymore.
15) 44) dialog: Do you mind if I ask? Joe points to his head.
15) 46) dialog: I'm sorry. So sorry.
15) 49) dialog: He's full of something.
17) 1) dialog: The boys game started at six? Joe looks Joe nods. Joe looks Pete nods.
17) 3) dialog: You finish your chores?
17) 5) dialog: Rabbi Jacobsen invited you and me to a... a... chivas at his house.
17) 7) dialog: Yep. Like a wake. I told him we would be there. at Margaret. She smiles.
17) 9) dialog: It's gotta be tough.
17) 11) dialog: We'll go and then catch the second game.
17) 15) dialog: You know he's got a boy your age. I met him today. He'll be there.
18) 0) text: Joe and Margaret still sit at the table. Joe drinks a bee while Margaret drinks coffee. Mary rocks Molly. Seamus st at the sink scraping food and washing dishes. He hands th to Pete, who stands on a stool and rinses the dishes. Pe hands the dishes to Katie, who places the dishes in the dishwasher.
18) 1) dialog: The rabbi's other kid has leukemia.
18) 3) dialog: Stupid electrical wiring. Those damn old houses weren't built for modern wiring. Patrick walks by.
18) 4) dialog: Hey, lifesaver, why don't you sit down? Patrick takes a seat.
18) 5) dialog: So, your mother thinks you got some news? Patrick plays with his fork.
18) 7) dialog: It's a good job with nice benefits. I'll talk to Alderman McManus about it. Patrick stays silent.
18) 8) dialog: Well, don't go there with that attitude. The alderman's doing us a favor. So don't go acting like a punk. From the kitchen, Katie mimics her dad.
18) 10) dialog: A lot of kids your age don't have a chance like this.
18) 12) dialog: Yeah, and when they graduate, they're four years behind you in the working world. All they've learned from college is how to smoke pot and sleep.
18) 14) dialog: A city job is a good job, and all it requires is hard work and a good attitude.
18) 16) dialog: You wanna be some hotshot bigshot, have one point two kids, live in the suburbs in a big house with no love to fill a closet, and retire to Florida to die like a raisin?
18) 18) dialog: Then go ahead. Be like the Jews. Have no more than two kids because it's not economical to have more. Make every decision based on money. Raise your kids to base their life on the size of their wallet. Raise them to worship the almighty dollar, not God.
18) 20) dialog: You ungrateful, smartass prick. You got all the answers at eighteen, don't you?
19) 0) text: Pete and Joe drive in the wagon. The White Sox broadcast blares from the radio. They drive in silence.
20) 0) text: Pete and Joe enter the house. A lot of people sit quietly The rabbi's brother greets them.
20) 3) dialog: Scotch.
20) 5) dialog: A beer.
20) 7) dialog: You know what, I'm fine.
20) 9) dialog: Yeah, I'm sure. Thanks. Jeffrey looks at Pete.
20) 11) dialog: I am sorry for your loss, Mrs. Jacobsen.
22) 0) text: Pete and Joe sit in the wagon.
22) 1) dialog: Danny's a good kid, huh?
22) 2) text: Yeah. His medicine makes him bald. But it doesn't hurt. I'm gonna convert him. Joe shakes his head.
22) 3) dialog: Leave him alone.
22) 5) dialog: But his parents don't. Look, he's Jewish. His family's Jewish. If they wanted to be Christian, his parents would change.
22) 7) dialog: The quest has been called off.
22) 9) dialog: Well, I'm breaking that promise. You can't go converting Jewish kids the same way they don't go converting you.
22) 11) dialog: I said no. No more lip from you. Do not go to that synagogue and do not bother Danny or his family anymore. Do you understand me? Pete doesn't answer.
22) 12) dialog: Do you understand me? If I find out you've been going over there, you will get the spanking of a lifetime and be grounded until you're sixteen. Do you understand?
37) 2) dialog: This gratitude stuff is becoming intrusive.
37) 5) dialog: Yeah. Yeah. (To Patrick's chair) Where's knucklehead?
37) 7) dialog: Oh yeah. Did he say why?
37) 9) dialog: He's probably sitting on his ass reading a book in that lifeguard tower. Where the others?
37) 26) dialog: Please sit. The rabbi takes a seat at the table.
37) 27) dialog: How's your little boy?
37) 29) dialog: We hope so too. Margaret comes back with the rugala on a plate. Katie han the rabbi his coffee. Margaret takes a bite of the rugala
37) 32) dialog: So what's going on?
37) 34) dialog: There's no need, Rabbi. And that's the end of that.
37) 36) dialog: That's OK.
37) 45) dialog: Rabbi Jacobsen, that is an extremely kind offer, but one that we cannot accept. Patrick looks at Joe and tears form in his eyes.
37) 47) dialog: Other men risked their lives that day and every other day.
37) 49) dialog: You spoke to my boss?
37) 51) dialog: I imagine they want to give it to him in a big ceremony?
37) 53) dialog: Free publicity for the temple. Patrick stands up at that last comment.
37) 55) dialog: Rabbi, thank you for stopping over. The rabbi My son Pete has a big mouth, and my family doesn't need your handouts. We thank you for your kindness.
37) 57) dialog: You will shut your mouth. stands from the table. He thanks Margaret and Katie for the coffee. The rabbi door. The rabbi Joe looks
37) 62) dialog: You have done nothing to deserve it. It's a publicity stunt.
37) 65) dialog: You have a big mouth. You tell the rabbi that we don't have enough food to eat? Maybe he'll set up a food drive for our family?
37) 67) dialog: I thought I told you to leave those people alone? Pete stays quiet. Pete puts
37) 68) dialog: You've been going to the temple? his head down.
37) 69) dialog: You disobeyed my orders.
37) 71) dialog: On a quest for heaven? By disobeying me, all you have done is put yourself on the road to hell. Go to your room and don't come out 'till I tell you to. Pete starts to cry.
37) 74) dialog: (To Margaret) He disobeyed my word. (To Pete) The right thing? You're not even eight. You don't know what the right thing is. You know what I tell you, and what your mother tells you. Jewish people believe in their own thing. They do not go to heaven. And neither do Christians who disobey their fathers. Now get upstairs. Now! Pete walks up the stairs. Joe walks into the kitchen and grabs a beer. Patrick follows him.
37) 76) dialog: Over my dead body. Do you understand it's not about you? It's not about kindness. It's about good publicity. The Jews help out a poor Irish Catholic family and they get on the news and the people think, how nice is it that the Jews share their money.
37) 78) dialog: Too proud? Maybe a little pride wouldn't hurt you. Instead of sitting there with your hand out, maybe if you took pride in a little hard work, you'd understand.
37) 80) dialog: Bullshit! We are not discussing this anymore tonight. I didn't spend my day at the beach. I'm tired!
37) 81) text: Patrick begins to speak. Joe gets in his face and puts hi finger in Patrick's face.
37) 82) dialog: No more! No more! Patrick storms out of the kitchen. He stops to look at hi mother, who holds Molly in her arms.
37) 84) dialog: You will not speak to your mother like that. Get the hell out of my house.
38) 0) text: Joe sits in his lounge chair drinking a beer and looks ou at the sun setting. Margaret pulls up a chair next to him
38) 1) dialog: Honey, I know what you're going to say. And my decision about the scholarship is final. Margaret stares at the sunset.
38) 3) dialog: Don't start with this crap. Margaret stops.
38) 5) dialog: Father Murphy was an idiot. Margaret grabs the beer right out of Joe's hand. She thro it against the fence.
38) 8) dialog: Cause they need discipline.
38) 10) dialog: That's a bunch of crap. You think I bounced things off my dad? Hell no.
38) 12) dialog: Yeah, he was an asshole, but I respected him. And looking back, he did a great job.
38) 14) dialog: That's bullshit.
38) 16) dialog: That's not...
38) 18) dialog: How do you know what college is about?
38) 20) dialog: It's not about dreams, it's about what's right. If Patrick really wanted college, he could have gotten better grades and earned a scholarship.
42) 0) text: Pete walks down the stairs. Joe passes the stairs on the to the front door. He looks at Pete but doesn't say anyth Joe walks out the front door. Pete heads toward the kitch Patrick runs past Pete and also heads out the front door. Mary takes a crying Molly out of the kitchen. Margaret cl off Molly's high chair.
43) 1) text: Come on in. Joe and Patrick enter the rabbi's office. The rabbi stand up but is The rabbi not his usual effusive self.
43) 3) dialog: Is everything OK? shakes his head.
43) 5) dialog: I am sorry.
43) 8) dialog: It seems. I think. It's an opportunity for my son.
43) 10) dialog: I just can't... Patrick interrupts. The rabbi
43) 14) dialog: You better get going. We better get going. I hope everything gets better with Danny.
44) 0) text: Joe and Patrick listen to the White Sox game on the radio
44) 1) dialog: Luckily, the Cubs stink, or else a lot of White Sox fans would be flocking north.
44) 3) dialog: You're probably right. And that's the way it should be. They listen to the game. A White Sox batter strikes out w the bases loaded.
44) 4) dialog: But they sure do test our loyalty.
44) 6) dialog: I know. The two sit in silence as they drive home.
45) 0) text: Pete is sitting on his bed tossing a tennis ball to himse Joe walks in.
45) 1) dialog: Pedro.
45) 3) dialog: Seamus said there's a big game over at Holy Cross and they could probably use another player.
45) 5) dialog: Yep. Pete jumps up from the bed.
45) 7) dialog: I saw Rabbi Jacobsen last night. I guess Danny's back in the hospital.
45) 9) dialog: It's tough. What he's got. It's tough on a kid. And the family.
45) 11) dialog: That would be nice.
45) 13) dialog: Pete? Pete pops his head back in.
45) 14) dialog: The rabbi also told me to tell you that Danny completed the decathlon. Seventy-one strokes there, eighty- six back. Pete's face lights up with a smile.
45) 17) dialog: That's good.
47) 3) dialog: Last chance. I can't believe their not beating this team. Rabbi Jacobsen and his wife spot Joe in the stands. They wave to him and climb the stands. Joe and Margaret move d to make room for the Jacobsens. Joe shakes the rabbi's ha and Mrs. Jacobsen.
47) 4) dialog: We're down three runs. The rabbi nods.
47) 8) dialog: Yep. Can't miss a game.
47) 15) dialog: Patrick will meet every requirement. This I know.
47) 17) dialog: Thank you. Are you sure you don't want to do this in front of cameras?
47) 19) dialog: I looked around for the cameraman. I couldn't find him.
47) 21) dialog: Thank you.
48) 3) dialog: You gave that ball a ride, son. I've never seen you hit a ball so well. Pete nods. Rabbi Jacobsen puts his hand out. Pete shakes
48) 7) text: I'll come with you to get it. I'd love to know your recipe. Margaret and Mrs. Jacobsen walk toward the parking lot. Another parent walks over to talk to Joe. Pete stands alo with the rabbi.
48) 18) dialog: Everything OK? The rabbi nods.
48) 23) dialog: Let's see your arm. Pete tosses the ball. The dog chases after it. Joe catche it.
48) 24) dialog: Nice throw. Joe looks at the rubber ball.
48) 25) dialog: What'd you say to Rabbi Jacobsen?
48) 27) dialog: You must have said something.
48) 29) dialog: How do you know?
48) 31) dialog: Your brother Patrick is going to college.
48) 33) dialog: I never went to college.
48) 35) dialog: Cause I couldn't afford it. And I got a good job. And then I started a family. And I had to take care of my family
48) 37) dialog: It is good. And you know what I've learned?
48) 39) dialog: I've learned that you take care of family. No matter what your differences are. You're family. And taking care of them is a dad's job. He tosses the ball and the dog chases it.
48) 40) dialog: You know Jesus is Jewish?
48) 42) dialog: And you know God is Jesus' father?
48) 44) dialog: So God's probably Jewish too.
48) 48) dialog: Of course he wouldn't. Just like I wouldn't turn my back on you or any of your brothers or sisters. Dads take care of their family.
48) 50) dialog: I'm saying, maybe Danny is in heaven. Even though he's Jewish. I'm saying maybe when they say the kingdom of heaven can only be reached through Jesus, maybe what they really mean is heaven can be reached through being a good person just like Jesus. An Eskimo at the North Pole, who never heard of Jesus, who's been a good person all his life, shouldn't he be allowed into heaven?
48) 52) dialog: But what?
48) 54) dialog: You're not going to get out of Catholic school that easily. You still have to listen to them.
48) 56) dialog: They're not wrong. They're just teaching one way to get to heaven.
48) 58) dialog: Well then, you and I will have to keep a secret from Sister Leonora Mary. Pete laughs. The dogs brings back the ball and drops it a Pete's feet.
49) 0) text: Joe and Pete enter the synagogue. Rabbi Jacobsen stands a the pulpit and he is speaking to a quarter full audience. Pete grabs a yarmukle and puts it on his head. He looks a his dad to do the same thing. His dad, reluctantly, puts on a yarmukle. The two take a seat in the back row. The rabbi finishes speaking and the people disperse. Pete waits for them all to pass the last row when he stands up. Rabbi Jacobsen has his back to Pet as he gives instructions to his assistant. Pete heads tow the altar as Joe stays in the pew.