1) 0) text: MARGARET O'MALLEY, an auburn haired, sunburned 38-year ol mother of eight, stands outside next to the running stati wagon. Two children sit in the front seat while three are crammed into the back seat. Margaret is waiting on her two youngest boys to fill the way back seats that face backwards. KATIE, 4 years old, w strawberry blond hair, rosy cheeks, and a pot belly, stic her head out the window.
1) 1) dialog: Mom, I told them to be ready by nine twenty. They just don’t listen. Margaret ignores Katie. Katie pops back into the car.
2) 11) dialog: I've been ready for three hours. EDDIE, 14, brown curly hair, brown eyes, athletic, is at point in his life when he realizes he has more answers th his mom.
5) 0) text: The O'Malley's sit at the dinner table. Three things are constant at the dinner table. Meat, potatoes, and chaos. Katie starts to yelp.
5) 1) dialog: Can I have your attention? Please. I got something to say. Please! Everyone at the table slowly quiets down.
5) 3) dialog: I will. The room is quiet. Katie looks at everyone.
5) 4) dialog: Today. I was on my bike. And I pedaled my bike to the O'Connors. And I pedaled back. And it was sunny. Everyone stares at her.
5) 5) dialog: That's it. Eddie shakes his head in amazement and grins.
5) 7) dialog: I will.
16) 0) text: Pete and Seamus lay on the floor playing "All Star Baseba Katie dances around to music from the record player. Baby Molly sleeps in the crib. Patrick walks in the door with day's mail. Katie runs over and grabs the mail from him.
16) 1) dialog: Getting the mail is my job. She punches him, hands over the mail to Katie, who takes over to the table. She rifles through the mail. Katie can read.
16) 2) dialog: Bill! Bill! Bill! Looks like all bills. Katie gets up and starts to dance. Patrick sits down and looks at the mail. A few pieces of official mail are addr to him. Patrick opens them up and reads them. Patrick cru the paper and leaves it on the table. He walks away from table.
18) 0) text: Joe and Margaret still sit at the table. Joe drinks a bee while Margaret drinks coffee. Mary rocks Molly. Seamus st at the sink scraping food and washing dishes. He hands th to Pete, who stands on a stool and rinses the dishes. Pe hands the dishes to Katie, who places the dishes in the dishwasher.
18) 9) dialog: Yeah, don't go acting like a punk. Patrick stays silent.
37) 4) dialog: Me too.
37) 6) dialog: He said he'd be home late for dinner.
37) 8) dialog: He told me to mind my own business.
37) 13) dialog: I handle bigger trays than that in the kitchen. How do you think I feed eight kids? The Rabbi nods and hands the dish to Katie. She carries i into the kitchen.
37) 23) dialog: Black? Cream? Sugar?
37) 25) dialog: You're welcome.