1) 0) text: MARGARET O'MALLEY, an auburn haired, sunburned 38-year ol mother of eight, stands outside next to the running stati wagon. Two children sit in the front seat while three are crammed into the back seat. Margaret is waiting on her two youngest boys to fill the way back seats that face backwards. KATIE, 4 years old, w strawberry blond hair, rosy cheeks, and a pot belly, stic her head out the window.
2) 8) dialog: Why are you late?
2) 10) dialog: God gives you 168 hours in a week. Can you not give him one full hour back? Is that too much to ask? Katie at four years doesn't understand rhetorical questio
2) 18) dialog: The lord's name in vain? Son of a bitch. At forty miles an hour in front of the firehouse Margaret lunges her open fist into the backseat and starts swingin like a tornado. Kids scurry, hoping to avoid the path of the tornado. The wagon swerves into the other lane. Joe and his buddies wa from their lounge chairs outside the firehouse. He takes swig from a plastic cup.
3) 7) dialog: Did you pray for your great uncle's soul? Pete looks at Seamus. Seamus looks down at Pete. Pete loo up at his mom.
3) 10) dialog: Go back up there and pray to Jesus for the soul of your Uncle Jim. He needs your prayers.
3) 12) dialog: Faith. Now go ahead.
3) 14) dialog: Did you pray to Jesus? Pete looks at Seamus. Seamus gives him that scared look o having to look at that dead body up close again. Pete loo at the dead body. He looks back at his mom. He nods his head in the affirma
3) 15) dialog: Well, nobody can have too many prayers. Go again. Pete and Seamus head toward the casket.
5) 9) dialog: Eddie! The older kids laugh.
5) 17) dialog: No. They do not have horns. Joe, please. The young ones don't need this. Let's change the subject.
14) 0) text: Margaret lays in bed watching "The Tonight Show" when Joe walks out of the bathroom. He jumps into bed and watches with her.
14) 1) dialog: How bad was it? Joe shakes his head.
14) 2) dialog: Joe, I can't raise these kids alone and I've gained too much weight to find a new husband. Joe laughs and squeezes her stomach.
14) 4) dialog: Your charm worked on me when I was a teenager. I see what I see. Tell me about the fire.
14) 6) dialog: (sarcastic to the wall) Tell me about your day. (As wall) Well, it was a day like any other day. I stood firm, attached to the floor.
14) 8) dialog: Not the tough guy I'm being interviewed I did my job routine. Joe touches Margaret's stomach and rubs it.
14) 12) dialog: Pete is searching for meaning in his life.
14) 14) dialog: Some kids are destined for greater things than baseball.
14) 16) dialog: I can't watch these kid's every move. Molly needs my constant attention. All I know is he walks out of the house in the morning, and when he comes back, he's clean and nobody's calling to say he was trouble.
14) 18) dialog: Don 't start with me Joe. Margaret rolls over. Joe spoons up against her.
14) 20) dialog: Well, if you're looking for my womb, I think it fell out over there when I was dusting. Have at it. Joe rolls back over and watches "The Tonight Show".
18) 0) text: Joe and Margaret still sit at the table. Joe drinks a bee while Margaret drinks coffee. Mary rocks Molly. Seamus st at the sink scraping food and washing dishes. He hands th to Pete, who stands on a stool and rinses the dishes. Pe hands the dishes to Katie, who places the dishes in the dishwasher.
18) 2) dialog: We've been blessed. I don't know how we've been so lucky, but I'm not to question it.
37) 1) dialog: Rabbi Jacobsen wanted to see if he could stop by after work. I said fine. Pete's eyes light up but he doesn't want to say anything that would get him in trouble.
37) 3) dialog: If the only fault you can find with a person is that they go overboard with kindness and gratitude, I can live with that.
37) 19) dialog: Would you like some dinner? There's plenty. The rabbi looks at the well sliced pieces of ham and huge bowl of mashed potatoes.
37) 21) dialog: How ‘bout some coffee?
37) 30) dialog: It's absolutely delicious. The rabbi takes a little.
37) 39) dialog: Patrick, I would like you to meet Rabbi Jacobsen.
37) 54) dialog: Joe!
37) 59) dialog: Rabbi, you have been anything but harmful. Thank you. pats Pete and Seamus on the head. He heads for the
37) 63) dialog: It is not a publicity stunt. It is returning an act of kindness with an act of kindness.
37) 72) dialog: Joe!
38) 0) text: Joe sits in his lounge chair drinking a beer and looks ou at the sun setting. Margaret pulls up a chair next to him
38) 2) dialog: You know, when Father Murphy married us...
38) 4) dialog: Father Murphy said...
38) 6) dialog: I have got something to say and you will not interrupt me until I am finished. Joe shrugs but realizes this isn't the time to fight her.
38) 7) dialog: We agreed on a partnership. And our partnership has been for you to provide for the family while I raise the family. But somewhere along the line, this partnership has gotten out of whack. You come home, the house is clean, your food is hot, and your kids are behaved. You then bark orders at these children like a drill sergeant.
38) 9) dialog: I am not finished. Trust me, these kids are disciplined. You think I run this house without discipline? Joseph, the older ones, they need more guidance than sterness. We've done our work with them, they now need to feel they can bounce things off us.
38) 11) dialog: You hated your dad growing up.
38) 13) dialog: But looking back is too late. It would be nice for Patrick to feel close enough to you so that he could tell you his dreams, tell you that even though he doesn't want to grow up to be you, that you are still his hero.
38) 15) dialog: Everything is not bullshit. I will not allow you to take away the chance for Patrick to pursue his dream. The rabbi is being generous and you think it reflects poorly on you.
38) 17) dialog: Yes it is. You can't afford to put your children through college, so you've decided that college is bad. You know what, I agree college is a waste of time for most kids. But not Patrick. He wasted his first few years of high school, but the last two years he has worked his butt off and he generally loves to learn. That's what college is all about.
38) 19) dialog: Just because I didn't go doesn't mean I didn't think about it. But I fell in love, had babies, and haven't regretted one thing about the last nineteen years. Until now! You will not squash your children's dreams because they aren't your dreams.
38) 21) dialog: He didn't take school seriously. Why? Cause he thought it was a waste of time because he would work for the city whether he got A's or C's. But one day he woke up and decided that not doing his best was not the O'Malley way. And he learned that from his father. And he's got nothing but A's that day forward. And he will do the same in college. From a scholarship that he accepts from Rabbi Jacobsen, or so help me God, Joe, the only thing colder than your food when you get home will be your bed. Margaret stands up and walks back into the house. Joe is alone looking at a sun that has set in the sky.
42) 0) text: Pete walks down the stairs. Joe passes the stairs on the to the front door. He looks at Pete but doesn't say anyth Joe walks out the front door. Pete heads toward the kitch Patrick runs past Pete and also heads out the front door. Mary takes a crying Molly out of the kitchen. Margaret cl off Molly's high chair.
42) 2) dialog: Hi honey.
42) 4) dialog: They have some business to take care of.
42) 6) dialog: Always so busy worrying about everyone else's business. That's from my side of the family, you know?
42) 8) dialog: That's right. Your sweetness, your humor, and definitely your nose.
42) 10) dialog: Are you sorry for disobeying your dad? And lying to your mom?
42) 14) dialog: Lying to your mother is not a risk. It's wrong.
42) 16) dialog: How did your quest end up?
42) 18) dialog: You know, the way you went about your quest was wrong, sneaking to the beach and such, but the quest itself, it was good.
42) 20) dialog: Sometimes, even dad's are wrong.
42) 22) dialog: Don't give up your quest.
42) 24) dialog: I have faith. Pete nods and walks out of the kitchen.
47) 5) dialog: We're very sorry for your loss.
47) 11) dialog: He loved Danny. But he's a kid. They move on better than we do.
48) 0) text: Pete walks out to the stands where his parents and the Jacobsens wait for him. Margaret wants to hug him but kno that a hug from Mom in public is not what he wants. He lo to her wide eyed and she smiles.
48) 1) dialog: You gave it your best shot.
48) 7) text: I'll come with you to get it. I'd love to know your recipe. Margaret and Mrs. Jacobsen walk toward the parking lot. Another parent walks over to talk to Joe. Pete stands alo with the rabbi.