5) 12) dialog: Jewish people wear them. It's traditional headwear.
5) 19) dialog: No thanks.
5) 22) dialog: I've applied for some scholarships. I should hear about them soon. Until then, I can keep life guarding. Saving money .
16) 0) text: Pete and Seamus lay on the floor playing "All Star Baseba Katie dances around to music from the record player. Baby Molly sleeps in the crib. Patrick walks in the door with day's mail. Katie runs over and grabs the mail from him.
18) 6) dialog: Maybe I'll take a look at the job over at the city planners office. Joe pauses.
18) 11) dialog: A lot of kids my age go to college. Not to work.
18) 13) dialog: The good jobs nowadays require a college degree.
18) 15) dialog: The Irish way. Get a city job, work hard, have forty kids, retire on a crap pension in the same house you lived in all your life.
18) 17) dialog: Yeah, what if do?
18) 19) dialog: No, Dad, I shouldn't raise my kids to base their worth on the size of their wallet when I can teach them to base it on how much booze they can handle without puking. Joe gets up and cracks Patrick. The kids run to their mom
18) 21) dialog: No, but maybe if I work a city fucking job, I'll have all the answers at forty. Joe cracks Patrick upside the head and knocks him over. T kids scream. Patrick gets up. He thinks about charging h dad, but decides to walk out of the kitchen and out of th house. The kids cry. Margaret shakes her head. Joe finish his beer.
37) 41) dialog: Nice to meet you, Rabbi. I'm sorry for your loss.
37) 56) dialog: You can't do this to me.
37) 61) dialog: You're so proud that you won't let me accept it.
37) 75) dialog: I'm going to see the rabbi myself and work out a deal.
37) 77) dialog: Why are you so cynical? You're too proud to take a handout?
37) 79) dialog: There you go again. I work hard. My dad worked hard. You will work hard. I will work hard. At school. To get a good job.
37) 81) text: Patrick begins to speak. Joe gets in his face and puts hi finger in Patrick's face.
37) 83) dialog: How can you just stand there? You're married to an asshole and you just stand there like this innocent bystander. Joe rushes into the living room.
37) 85) dialog: Your house? Who wants your house? Or your bullshit rules. Joe holds his ground though he wants to whack Patrick. Pa walks out the front door. Seamus still sits at the table eating pastries. Joe walks out of the living room. Margaret, with tears beginning to form in her eyes, looks at Seamus. Seamus sh his shoulders, takes a bite of his pastry, and stands up. puts his arms out to take Molly from her arms.
42) 0) text: Pete walks down the stairs. Joe passes the stairs on the to the front door. He looks at Pete but doesn't say anyth Joe walks out the front door. Pete heads toward the kitch Patrick runs past Pete and also heads out the front door. Mary takes a crying Molly out of the kitchen. Margaret cl off Molly's high chair.
43) 1) text: Come on in. Joe and Patrick enter the rabbi's office. The rabbi stand up but is The rabbi not his usual effusive self.
43) 6) dialog: I'm sorry.
43) 11) dialog: We know it will and if the offer is still there, I would love a chance at it. grabs his briefcase.
43) 13) dialog: Thanks. Thank you.
44) 0) text: Joe and Patrick listen to the White Sox game on the radio
44) 2) dialog: Never. There will be peace in Ireland before a Sox fan becomes a Cub fan. Joe laughs.
44) 5) dialog: I'm gonna work my ass off, Dad. I'm not going to be some pot smoking, sleep 'till noon college slacker. I'm gonna do it right. Joe nods.