2) 0) text: PETE, 7 years old, who looks like a poster boy for Irelan lays on his stomach in front of the board game "All Star Baseball". He spins the dial. The dial lands on nine, whi is the number that coincides with a strikeout. SEAMUS, ni years old, blondish brown hair, white skin, crystal blue eyes, angelic smile, jumps to the air in celebration.
2) 1) dialog: Another comeback stopped.
2) 3) dialog: We gotta get going. Mom's gonna freak. Seamus heads for the door.
2) 5) dialog: You couldn't find your belt. Seamus takes off down the stairs. Pete, with one hand hol up his pants, follows him down the stairs. Seamus runs ou the front door and past his mom.
2) 6) text: Why are you late? Seamus, never breaking stride, climbs into the station wa through the back window.
2) 7) dialog: Pete couldn't find his belt. Pete runs past his mother.
3) 0) text: REVERSE CAM - Looking out through Jesus's eyes. A WAKE. A Irish wake. Two little boys approach the casket. They kne in front of the casket. Seamus looks at Pete. Pete's eyes are wide in anticipation. Seamus nudges Pete. Pete nudges Seamus back. Seamus makes the sign of the cross and Pete copies him. The two stand and walk away. WE FOLLOW them through the crowd. The boys continue to walk through the crowd but WE STOP at a circle of men holding drinks. JOE, holding a Rum and Coke, is talking out the side of h mouth.
3) 17) dialog: You weren't convincing. And she's got some kinda built in lie detector.
3) 19) dialog: Forty-seven.
3) 21) dialog: That one doesn't count. You just nodded. Nodding up and down in China is like saying no.
3) 24) dialog: A word grown ups use when they don't have the answer.
5) 13) dialog: Like feathers for an Indian?
6) 0) text: Pete and Seamus walk down the tree lined city block in th neighborhood. The two sip milkshakes.
6) 4) dialog: You gonna play baseball at 11? Pete shakes his head.
6) 5) dialog: You heading over to the synagogue? Pete nods. Seamus blows a bubble.
6) 6) dialog: You know, this whole thing's kinda weird. You going there, the quest. Pete nods.
6) 7) dialog: Well, at least you know it's weird. Pete and Seamus walk down the street in silence. Enjoyin another day without responsibility.
11) 7) dialog: Hey.
11) 8) text: Hey. Seamus gets off his bike and pours himself a cup of lemon
11) 12) dialog: Eight. But my oldest brother might go to college, so then there will be seven. And maybe we'll get his room.
11) 24) text: Dad! Dad! Dad! Joe looks up and before he knows it Seamus is jumping int his arms. Joe puts Seamus down instantly and starts to scream.
11) 28) dialog: Come on. Pete looks at his dad, who now sits on the back of the ambulance as paramedics care for him. Pete looks further Rabbi Jacobsen. Danny Jacobsen, six years old and bald, catches Pete's eye. They look at each other. Pete turns a walks away.
12) 0) text: The O'Malley family sits around the TV and watches the ne which is reporting live from the fire, which still simmer in the background. WE GO UP THE STAIRS AND DOWN THE HALLWAY to Pete and Seam room. They both sit on their beds staring quietly at the ceilin Seamus throws a tennis ball to himself. The front door op and screams of DAD fill the house. Pete turns and looks a Seamus. Seamus fixates on the rotation of the ball as it leaves his hand. He repeats this over and over. Joe enter the bedroom and closes the door behind him. Pete and Seamus sit up. Joe grabs a chair and flips it ar so he's leaning forward on the back of the chair.
12) 6) dialog: But the baseball field...
16) 0) text: Pete and Seamus lay on the floor playing "All Star Baseba Katie dances around to music from the record player. Baby Molly sleeps in the crib. Patrick walks in the door with day's mail. Katie runs over and grabs the mail from him.
17) 2) dialog: Doubleheader. Uncle Roger, Billy, and Roger junior are going. at Margaret. She nods.
17) 4) dialog: Yep. Pete looks at his dad.
17) 13) dialog: Tell Rabbi Jacobsen I'm sorry for him.
18) 0) text: Joe and Margaret still sit at the table. Joe drinks a bee while Margaret drinks coffee. Mary rocks Molly. Seamus st at the sink scraping food and washing dishes. He hands th to Pete, who stands on a stool and rinses the dishes. Pe hands the dishes to Katie, who places the dishes in the dishwasher.
37) 10) dialog: Tommy and Eddie have a game up north. Another doubleheader. And Mary's eating at a friends. The doorbell rings. Pete and Katie run to get it. Pete le Katie open the door. Rabbi Jacobsen stands with a tray of rugala, a Jewish pastry.
37) 17) dialog: Rabbi Jacobsen.
37) 86) dialog: Mom. You know how after you send me to my room, you come into my bedroom and we talk? I think Dad needs you to talk to him. Margaret hands Molly to Seamus and kisses him on the fore She enters the kitchen.
39) 0) text: Pete sits on the floor alone playing the board game "All Star Baseball". He's busy spinning when Seamus enters.
39) 1) dialog: You can't play that game alone.
39) 3) dialog: No.
39) 5) dialog: How can you be crushing me?
39) 7) dialog: You've got Babe Ruth, Lou Gerhig, and Reggie Jackson. I've got nobody.
39) 9) dialog: These teams are unfair.
39) 10) text: Then we can redraft. Seamus grabs his bat and glove.
39) 11) dialog: Maybe later.
39) 13) dialog: Who knows. Today's only the first day. Definitely longer than one day. Seamus walks out of the bedroom and down the stairs. Kati is dancing in the living room. Seamus walks out the front door. Danny is standing at the door. He's sweaty and his White Sox hat is cockeyed.
39) 14) dialog: Hey. How you doing?
39) 16) dialog: Yep. Upstairs. First room on the right. Take it easy. Danny enters the house.
46) 0) text: Pete rides his bike down the street toward the park. Holy Cross Church is attached to Holy Cross Elementary which i attached to Holy Cross Field, where the baseball field is located. Pete rides by the church and looks up at the big cross at the top of church. He rides toward the field and sees some of the boys playing catch while others sit on t bench and eat sandwiches. Seamus screams to Pete.
46) 1) dialog: Hurry up! Pete waves to the guys. He gets to the field and hops off his bike. He walks over to the bench where some guys are eating lun The corners of Jimmy Burns's lips are covered with jelly.
46) 9) dialog: Where you going?