11) 0) text: Catch is arriving home, soaking wet. He lives in a slightly-seedy three-story. As he walks down the corridor toward his apaprtment, he passes a neighbor's door and notices a set of keys dangling from the lock. He pauses -- and then knocks softly on the door. Someone looks through the peephole and then opens the door -- a young single mother, friendly but with a little caution, too. She recognizes Catch. Behind her is a little boy, (five). The woman's name is CANDACE. Her son is TOMMY.
11) 1) dialog: Hi.
11) 3) text: Oh, thank you. Thanks a lot. God. I was trying to carry Tommy and all these bags. He was so tired. Of course, as soon as I put him down he had all this energy... While she is talking, Catch is staring deeply at the boy, who is shy. Catch almost speaks to the boy, wants to, goes halfway to a smile -- but the sight of the kid stirs that layer of darkness in Catch. He nods a good-bye to the mother and is about to go. She thinks about this, as he is turning, and pushes through her remaining caution to say... CANDACE
27) 0) text: Candace, Catch's neighbor, is waiting for the slow, RATTLING ELEVATOR with her son.
27) 5) dialog: Shopping day? He smiles at her, a bit less subdued than before as he gets his things into the hall -- and he manages a special look for Tommy, a wink. He frees the elevator; they step inside. As the door starts to close, Catch's face "follows" the sliding door with a funny look for the boy. We hear Tommy laugh as the door closes. Catch carries his new possessions to his apartment.
78) 2) dialog: She sits on a bench nearby, watching this, smiling a bit.
78) 11) dialog: For Tommy? He nods. She kneels close to her boy, the toys, pleased but not quite knowing what to say.
78) 12) dialog: Well, thank you. Thanks a lot. Catch nods, grins at Tommy who is already at play with the figures.
78) 18) dialog: Wow, Tommy -- Look at them all. Did you say thank you? Now Tommy looks up. Catch is moving away with Bob, walking home. Tommy stands up, Candace calls out to stop Catch.
78) 19) dialog: Excuse me!