16) 8) text: A police   car is parked askew near this closed store -- now Robby   and Sharon's UNIT ROARS to a STOP beside it. Two cops   are calling and motioning to them, one holds a shotgun.    This is RAY JULIETTE.
16) 9) dialog: Break-in alarm. One suspect in -- nobody out. Take the back. And they are moving.
17) 8) dialog: You got him?
17) 10) dialog: Jesus.
17) 12) dialog: No shit!? Sharon stares across the lot to where Catch has halted. More cops are converging. Ray Juliette and Sanchez move toward Catch, while a sergeant and others surround Sharon and the suspect. In between the crowd of cops, Catch and Sharon glance at each other, during...
17) 17) dialog: What happened here?
17) 26) dialog: Don't worry about it. That's just procedure. Look -- we appreciate what you did. No bullshit. Let us buy you a drink tonight, all right? You know where the Rib House is? Catch glances at Sharon again, and he nods.
21) 0) text: It's a noisy restaurant with a large bar area. We PAN TO a booth of off-duty cops, out of uniform now, including Ray, Sanchez, Sharon and a few more male officers. They're all a bit high. Sharon shows the signs, too. They are passing around a photo now as one COP looks at it and says...
21) 3) dialog: No shit. Ray is handed the photo, and we see that they're talking about Sanchez's dog, the name "REX" printed on the photo.
21) 7) dialog: 'Rex.' Rex is good. I wonder who the first person was to name a dog 'Fido,' and what the hell does it mean?
21) 9) dialog: I got a big question for you, Pogo -- but I can only ask it when we're alone. She moves some of the change on the table, sliding it toward Ray.
21) 12) dialog: Why doesn't your partner ever come out with us?
21) 14) dialog: I'm a family man. SHARON
21) 15) text: Yeah, but his family actually likes him. More laughter. Sharon's eyes do a quick roam of the bar. Ray catches this. RAY
21) 20) dialog: Where are you going?
21) 23) dialog: You're wearing makeup? She leaves the booth with a wry frown.
22) 52) dialog: Hey, Pogo -- don't keep him all to yourself. Come on over, Lambert, join the group. We'll buy you dinner, give you a medal for saving Pogo's ass. Sharon drains her shot and stands.
22) 56) dialog: Least we could do. We don't like her very much -- but we don't want to lose her. Sharon frowns and waves to the booth of cops.        Ray and shakes hands with Catch as a good-bye.
73) 6) dialog: Are you in danger there?
73) 8) dialog: I was talking to him, Pogo. CATCH
73) 9) text: No thanks, Ray. Everything's code four. Go away. Sharon laughs aloud and walks (with Catch in hand) to the police car, her joy overwhelming any embarrassment. She gestures behind them at the jazz club. SHARON
73) 10) text: See that place? He's going to be playing there every weekend. Catch notes the pride with which she says this. RAY
73) 12) text: It's music, Ray. You wouldn't like it. She waves and walks off with Catch, arms around each other. The cops watch them go.
90) 0) text: The new shift    of cops is heading for its cars -- Sharo and Robby, Ray    and Sanchez, others. The mood is relaxe teasing talk,    but Sharon is way down. She tries to pus her mood away    and tough through it.
90) 1) dialog: Rib House after shift today?
90) 7) dialog: Pogo?   Bring your friend.
100) 0) text: The PRIEST'S VOICE from the church plays over this scene, invoking the blessings, saying the prayers of the mass as we watch Catch continuing his mission, slowing his steps now and pausing at the entrance to the Welston Memorial Chapel. He hesitates. We see the price he's paying and the determination. He walks through the gate.