3) 0) text: Officer Sharon Pogue is driving the car. It is two years since we saw her at the accident site. Her partner, ROBBY LEWIS, sips coffee and keeps one eye on the CAD monitor which lists all area police calls. She slows behind a car that is crawling along, an old 60s car, driven by a young man and woman who sit very close on the bench seat. The car's ENGINE is MISSING and smoking.
3) 2) dialog: '67 Chevy Impala.
3) 7) dialog: Needs a servicing.
3) 10) dialog: Jesus, Pogo! Almost spilled my coffee again! You didn't like his hair, or what?
3) 12) dialog: Let's roll to this -- fight in progress. As Robby secures that coffee cup, Sharon hits the SIREN and speeds around the car in front of them.
5) 0) text: This is the call Sharon and Robby have sped to. It is a chaotic scene of cops breaking up a fight between eight boys, 16-20. A big KID, 18 or so, is being pulled off another by Sharon and Robby. The Kid is wild and resisting and Sharon shows her toughness and professionalism and some anger, too, as she slams him into a fence -- and Robby holds him while she cuffs the young man -- who is very mouthy, playing to his friends.
6) 0) text: Sharon's on the radio to dispatch as Robby drives and the Kid keeps mouthing off.
6) 3) dialog: Give it a rest! Sharon is stone-faced through this.
7) 0) text: As Robby and Sharon bring their suspect to the booking counter, each holding one of his cuffed arms. The Kid is looking at Sharon's hand on his arm.
7) 2) dialog: As I remove your cuffs, I want you to put your hands here. Spread your legs. More. As they remove the cuffs, the Kid makes a sudden move toward Sharon, reaching between her legs -- but she was not only ready for this, but hoping for it -- and the stoniness of her face cracks into fierce anger as she moves quickly and grabs the Kid by the hair, bringing his face into her upraised knee. He cries out and goes down on his knees, hurting and bleeding. The jailer rushes over to help, but Robby grabs the Kid's wrists.
7) 3) dialog: That's it.   Back off, John, we got it. Robby glances at Sharon -- a dark glance.
8) 0) text: as Robby and Sharon walk to their car. They are interrupted by one of their lieutenants, SANDERMAN, walking their way and stopping to stare at Sharon. She meets his look.
8) 7) text: I want you to keep yourself way inside the line instead of walking on it. All right? Are you taking notes? He walks away, and Sharon and Robby walk on to their car -- she is dark; he is glancing at her.
8) 8) dialog: You broke his nose.
8) 10) dialog: And you were waiting for him. You were hoping. You were making long-range plans for his ass while he was mouthing off in the car -- and you're supposed to be above that shit.
8) 12) dialog: Pogo, stop the shit. What is it? You pissed off at me, too? They enter the car, Sharon behind the wheel. SHARON
8) 14) dialog: Come over    for dinner tonight. I'll call    Charlene. She'd like to see you.     It's been awhile. We'll talk about    it.
8) 19) dialog: She doesn't worry about that.
8) 22) dialog: Got some action, huh?    Well, that's promising.
14) 0) text: Robby and Sharon's unit pulls up at a house remodel with a sign marked "POGUE CONSTRUCTION." Sharon exits the car and walks onto the site, moves toward a man who is both carpenter and supervisor on the job. This is her brother, LARRY POGUE, 29. They are not comfortable with each other -- an old wound. He gives her a wary nod. She's trying a little harder, being a bit more friendly. We can sense the strain.
16) 4) text: Sharon is in the car beside Robby.
16) 8) text: A police   car is parked askew near this closed store -- now Robby   and Sharon's UNIT ROARS to a STOP beside it. Two cops   are calling and motioning to them, one holds a shotgun.    This is RAY JULIETTE.
16) 10) text: Robby and Sharon are hurrying around to the back as we hear more POLICE UNITS CONVERGING in front.
16) 14) dialog: Freeze! The man runs on, and Sharon chases with Robby close behind her. Sharon speaks to her shoulder radio mike as she runs. SHARON
16) 15) text: (to radio) Three-A-5, foot pursuit. Suspect fleeing south on Pico Place, young man, green jacket. No visible weapon... (to Robby) Robby! ROBBY
16) 17) dialog: Careful!
17) 0) text: The man runs and Sharon chases. Robby, not far behind glances off to the side, seeing Catch, still following. ROBBY
17) 5) dialog: Gun! And Sharon, wide-eyed, is already pulling her weapon, but not in time. The man is aiming at her and about to fire when he is tackled by Catch. Catch and the man go sprawling, and the gun flies out of the man's hand, and Sharon is on him in an instant, pointing her gun at him...
17) 7) dialog: Hey!     Wait! Two other cops (Ray Juliette and SANCHEZ) rush toward the suspect on the ground.
17) 9) dialog: He was armed.
17) 11) dialog: Citizen took him down.
17) 20) dialog: You all right, Pogo? She is shaken, speaks softly.
60) 0) text: Sharon and Robby    are patrolling in their unit. Robby i driving. Sharon     is watching out the window with a dee eyed look, a bit    down because of her argument with Cat She is staring as    she rolls along.
67) 0) text: In a seedy parking lot, tough part of town, Robby and Sharon are arresting two teenage girls. One of them is leaning on the car as Sharon searches her. Robby stands back with the other (cuffed) girl. Robby is staring at Sharon through this moment -- noting the difference in her, still very professional -- but softer. The girl is upset, near tears. Sharon is gentle in her search.
68) 0) text: Sharon and Robby are still on the job, their unit rolling down a residential street of apartment buildings. A parked car is BLASTING MUSIC, and Robby halts beside it. Sharon starts making dancing moves to the MUSIC, sitting there beside Robby, and he stares at her as she grooves, kidding it. Then Robby HITS the HORN to get the driver's attention in the parked car. Robby makes a gesture to lower the volume, and the man SNAPS OFF his TAPE. Robby rolls on, glancing at Sharon. She wears a small smile, checking their beat. ROBBY
68) 2) text: Well, it's a mix, Robby. Life is shit, but I'm dating this great dead guy. She smiles at Robby's look.
68) 5) dialog: What?
68) 11) dialog: This time we got his ass. They exit the car and stand in the street, looking up, scanning the dark buildings -- but the sound is hard to track, a FAINT BALLAD on a skillful HORN.
68) 13) dialog: Got 'im?
68) 15) dialog: Full moon, man. Hey! They run toward the drivers who are exiting their cars to confront each other. One big guy carries a baseball bat. Robby heads off one DRIVER while Sharon intercepts the BAT-MAN.
79) 0) text: As Robby and Sharon's police unit moves along with traffic. In a moment they pull over and park beside an office building. It is the same building the man entered shouting, "Catch!" Sharon watches the building's entrance. After a while...
79) 1) dialog: Are you going to tell me why we're sitting outside this building again?
79) 6) dialog: What's it about?
79) 8) dialog: Fine -- what am I supposed to do?
81) 0) text: Sharon is still staking out the office building. Robby is fidgeting. She just keeps watching. When Robby begins to speak, she puts up a hand to stop him, going very still, staring out the window at the man who Catch was afraid of, Richard Pindella. The man enters the building. Sharon gets out of the car, intense...
90) 0) text: The new shift    of cops is heading for its cars -- Sharo and Robby, Ray    and Sanchez, others. The mood is relaxe teasing talk,    but Sharon is way down. She tries to pus her mood away    and tough through it.
90) 3) dialog: I think I'll head home.
90) 10) text: How come it's not working for you? There is a scattering of laughter -- almost by rote -- as Sharon enters her car without even the hint of a smile. Robby notices. She just punches up the CAD monitor, all business. Our TRUMPET MUSIC comes in, aching now, and takes us into...
93) 0) text: Sharon and Robby are rolling to a stop in a strip mall parking lot, exiting their car. No rush. She's still very downbeat. As they walk from the car, he keeps glancing at her, concerned for her.
93) 1) dialog: Pogo...? She puts up a hand to brush all the words away. She can't talk about it. She pushes through it by doing the work. SHARON
93) 2) text: Which store is it? ROBBY
93) 6) text: Oh, God, thank you. Billy! She picks up her boy, walks back into the shop. Sharon stands there -- as it all blooms inside of her, rocks her, really, this little act, evoking Catch, who he is, what he said and what he means to her. Robby is a few steps ahead, waiting for her, but she can't move yet, looking around her now at the people walking among the shops and cafes. She picks one. She catches the eyes. She gives a brief smile. The smile is answered, shyly, kindly, the person moves on.
93) 7) dialog: Pogo? She doesn't move for a moment.    Then she turns to Robby
93) 12) dialog: What's the name?
93) 14) dialog: Let's do it. They walk back to the car.
94) 0) text: We see Sharon walking quickly from her police car to the front of Mrs. Chu's home. Robby waits in the unit.