11) 1) dialog: Hey, ghost jerk! You know what? Norman turns to find textbook bully ALVIN, the only 6th grader in his class who shaves, looming over him. He is flanked by a couple of leering sycophants, one of whom wears a T-shirt emblazoned with "TEAM ALVIN". Norman SIGHS.
11) 3) dialog: Why don't you see some more ghosts, goober? ParaNorman 10.
11) 5) dialog: Hey! Hey! Norman! Alvin points to a fly that has landed on the locker beside him. He swats it flat with his hand.
11) 6) dialog: Talk to that. The kids around Alvin burst into LAUGHTER.
11) 7) dialog: That is so Alvin! The bullies strut away, content in the psychological damage they've managed to inflict.
11) 9) dialog: That was good, right guys? Norman mutters as they leave, but not loud enough so as anyone might hear.
12) 20) dialog: Boom, baby!
27) 3) dialog: Don't get your bra in a twist, fat boy, this has nothing to do with you! Keep out of my way!
27) 5) dialog: Or I'll punch you in the boobs!
27) 8) dialog: You're dead, freakshow! Do you hear me? D-E-D! DEAD! You're gonna be so dead you're gonna have to talk to yourself when you're dead!
32) 0) text: On a street corner two teenage girls approach Alvin and Pug, who have laid out a breakdancing mat and a beatbox and are doing their best to impress. Alvin imagines he is wowing the girls with his krumping, his ham-like limbs flying around and Pug hollering support, but in truth they watch in morbid fascination. A faint CLATTERING sound down the road grows louder. Norman suddenly THUNDERS past them on his bike, spinning Alvin on the spot and knocking him onto his butt. Show over, Alvin blunders to his feet, his eyes following Norman's trajectory up the dark road, and GROWLS.
36) 0) text: Norman careens through the door, leaps off the porch and sprints along the wooded lane up the hill, watched by Alvin, concealed behind some bushes.
37) 9) dialog: What ya got there, Geekula? Norman launches himself at the book, but Alvin holds him back at arm's length.
37) 11) dialog: Can't wait to see everybody's faces when they hear about this one! ParaNorman 36.
37) 14) dialog: Hey! Nobody makes me miss out on a possible date with a girl that almost had some interest in talking to me. Yeah? Thought so! You got nothin' to say!
37) 16) dialog: Dang straight "uh-oh". That's what happens when Alvin gets around here. Uh-oh is that Alvin? Uh-oh Alvin's gonna make me run home to mommy. As Norman twists and wrestles against the bully the turbulent clouds in the sky above them twist and coalesce into the vague semblance of a huge grinning face. The face of a witch. There is an enormous RUMBLE and a flash of lightning silhouettes the boys.
37) 17) dialog: Uh-oh. What is that? The wind has picked up, HOWLING through the gravestones. Norman looks at the face leering out of the clouds.
37) 20) dialog: What's that sound? Norman watches, horrified, as the wet earth atop one of the graves splits and a skeletal hand bursts through! Norman watches as more graves bulge and break open and mud-encrusted shapes begin to emerge through the earth. The air is filled with anguished MOANING, the glowing fog dancing and whirling about the hatching figures. The two boys are rooted to the spot, mouths hanging open. CLOSE ON one of the figures crawling out of the ground into a patch of moonlight. Ragged and rotten it wears the mud-encrusted clothes of a colonial Puritan. It stares down at its hands, almost in disbelief, then lifts its face up to the sky and lets out a HOWL. Thunder that sounds like deep and abysmal LAUGHTER echoes through the turbulent clouds. The boys find themselves backed up against another headstone, this one engraved with the name "JUDGE HOPKINS". They leap aside as the ground swells beneath their feet, and the DEAD JUDGE punches through the dirt, bolt upright. His face wears a rictus grin and he looms over the boys like the Grim Reaper in a powdered wig. He tilts his head curiously when he sees the book in Alvin's hand, and HISSES through yellowed teeth. Norman makes a last ditch attempt at reading the book as the Dead Judge approaches, the other zombies gathering behind him.
37) 22) dialog: Make it stop right now, please!
37) 27) dialog: Norman? What are you doing? I think I peed my pants! Survival instincts finally kick in and Alvin makes a run for it, scrambling through the graves toward the gate.
39) 0) text: The front door is kicked open and Norman and a near hysterical Alvin rush inside, slamming and locking the door behind them.
39) 1) dialog: Are they gonna try to eat our brains?!
39) 3) dialog: Oh, thank God! ParaNorman 41.
39) 7) dialog: Wait! Where are you going?
40) 0) text: The room remains as before, with Mr Prenderghast's corpse lying on the floor. Norman enters with purpose and approaches it, leaving Alvin horrified in the doorway. Norman crouches low over the body, holding the book out in front of Mr Prenderghast's blank eyes.
40) 2) dialog: Dude, what are you doing?
40) 5) dialog: I really need to get home! I've got like a seriously early curfew.
40) 8) dialog: My mom gets really upset when I'm not... Something CLUNKS loudly from down the hall, sending Alvin into a desperate babbling panic.
40) 9) dialog: We gotta defend ourselves! We gotta shoot them in the head with like silver stakes or something! I'm way too awesome to get eaten! Norman, are you listening to me? You really have to do something! Norman uncovers a couple of faded photographs of the old graveyard. One is of the seven tombstones, the other is of the stone marker, which reads "HERE LIES BURIED THE
42) 0) text: The boys tremble in their hiding places trying not to make a sound; Alvin crouched behind a stack of books and Norman lying underneath the bed. The footsteps grow louder as the zombies shuffle into the room. NORMAN'S POV - rotten legs step up to Mr Prenderghast's body, lying where he fell on the floorboards. Two withered feet suddenly step right up to the bed. Something drops onto the floor inches in front of Norman's face with an unpleasant SLAP. Norman's eyes bug out as he realizes it is a zombie's dislodged ear. A weltered arm reaches down to grope around for the body part, until Norman pushes the ear, as carefully as he can manage, back into the zombie's fingers. The hand retreats back out from under the bed. There is a loud SCREAM as Alvin, unable to contain himself any longer, jumps out from his hiding place and makes for the door. The corpses look up as he disappears down the hall, then stagger after him. Norman takes this chance to follow, but the Dead Judge blocks his exit. They both stand quite still, staring into each others' eyes. The corpse tilts its head, almost quizzically, and its eyes widen as it notices the book under his arm. Norman steps sideways to run past it, but the corpse does too. Both it and Norman step one way, then the other, and back again. Norman feigns one direction and quickly bolts in the other, past the corpse and out the door.
43) 0) text: Alvin reaches the front door and throws it open. Directly in front of him is another zombie on the doorstep, opening a mouth full of jagged teeth. Alvin SCREAMS like a little girl, smacks it ineffectually with his spatula, and the door is abruptly SLAMMED in the zombie's face, a surprised and muffled GROAN coming from the other side. ParaNorman 44.
47) 5) dialog: Zombies! I swear, okay? We saw them burst out of their graves! For real! He realizes Mitch and Courtney are staring at him, and tries to disguise his raw panic with nonchalance.
51) 6) dialog: Ha ha! Diarrhoea!
58) 0) text: Mitch finally manages to pry the Dead Judge's arm off his head. He throws it, thrashing around violently, over his shoulder. Alvin lifts his face tentatively over the edge of the back seat to see what's going on. The zombie arm plants him in the eye, sending both sprawling against the floor. Alvin SQUEALS as the arm snakes around his neck into a bizarre approximation of a wrestling hold. ParaNorman 54.
67) 3) dialog: Yeah! Alvin the zombie slayer! I got you... The hand suddenly bends back on itself, slaps him on the face, and as he SQUEALS it drops to the ground and skitters away into the shadows. Mitch sizes up what's left of his van, and bids a tearful farewell.
71) 6) dialog: Sure. Picking locks is my thing. Alvin walks over to a notice board beside the door, upon which is a poster for a "CRIME PREVENTION SEMINAR". He yanks it out of the ground, hefts it through the window, then reaches through to unfasten the door latch.
71) 7) dialog: Boom.
73) 3) dialog: Man. Zombies take over the world and we lock ourselves in a library. Are you kidding me? There's an adult video store just across the street! Neil is more optimistic, and brightly makes his way over to a shelf, and pulls down a slim ledger.
79) 2) dialog: Yeah, I know, and it's also really boring.
79) 9) dialog: 
79) 12) dialog: 
82) 3) dialog: Just give it up, weiner!
98) 25) dialog: Shame on every single one of you! How dare you all! Amongst the crowd, doubt is beginning to show. Even the rumbling clouds have gone quiet.
108) 5) dialog: Yeah, me and Norman are in a lot of the same classes. Pretty much inseparable. Best buds. And we do a lot of psychic investigations together. We have a blog actually, you should check it out. Nearby, Courtney wastes no time cozying up to Mitch. ParaNorman 93.