2) 9) dialog: Oh yeah, he's r-i-double p-e-d. Like, a seven pack at least.
2) 12) dialog: Yeah, she totally doesn't deserve him. I mean, she's nice and I really like her, but she's a complete loser. Yeah, I know. Courtney slumps into a chair at the table, twisting a strand of gum out of her mouth with a finger. Norman returns inside and shuts the door, pausing a moment as if thinking something over.
2) 19) dialog: O-M-G, you are such a liar! ParaNorman 4.
2) 22) dialog: Oh yeah? Prove it! Norman levels her a look that says "you asked for this".
2) 24) dialog: I knew it! You've been sneaking around in my personal stuff!
2) 26) dialog: You are the worst! Courtney, brimming with outrage, storms out of the kitchen, her ponytail wagging furiously behind her. Sandra kneels down beside Norman with a wearily sympathetic smile.
7) 0) text: Dressed for school, Norman pauses at the front door and turns to look at the sofa in the living room. He waves happily, and Grandma smiles back. Courtney passes him as she comes down the stairs in the opposite direction. She also stops to look at the sofa, but to her eyes it is empty. She sneers contemptuously.
30) 0) text: The tiny room is crammed full of posters, pom-poms, plush toys and plastic trophies. Pretty much everything is pink. Courtney sits talking on her phone, cotton buds between her toes as her painted nails dry. ParaNorman 33.
30) 2) dialog: So I said to her, "Girl, come back  and talk to me when your basket toss gets twelve thousand hits on YouTube!" Yeah, no, I said that. (listens and nods) Yeah, I'm stuck on lame patrol. Tonight's gonna be a total yawn. From downstairs, a door SLAMS. Courtney frowns, puts her hand over the phone and shouts out.
30) 3) dialog: Norman?!
38) 9) dialog: I'm gonna kill them. She impatiently leans down to push open the mail slot.
38) 10) dialog: I know you're in there! Slumber party's over, dorks! The door opens and she finds herself face to navel with Mitch, out of the shower with a towel around his waist. ParaNorman 39.
38) 13) dialog: (under her breath) Hell yeah. Courtney catches herself and quickly affects a LAUGH.
38) 14) dialog: Sorry to bug you so late, but does, erm... (checks page in hand) ...Neil live here?
38) 16) dialog: Oh wow! That's great! Your brother and my brother are like best friends! I'm Courtney. She tries to regain her composure as Mitch turns away.
38) 18) dialog: Hey there! How ya doin'... little guy...
38) 20) dialog: Yeah, Neil. Do you know where Norman is? He kinda disappeared.
38) 26) dialog: So Norman!
38) 31) dialog: No, it's fine. He sucks. But I really gotta make sure he doesn't die or anything tonight. Will you help me? Please? Mitch gets an eyeful of her best damsel in distress act, then SIGHS.
44) 0) text: Mitch drives along dark roads. Neil sits behind him looking bemused while Courtney, in the front passenger seat, extols her life history.
44) 1) dialog: And she said I could totally consider a career in formation swimming. But I was like, "I wanna do something that helps people less fortunate than me", thank you very much, y'know, like the poor or people who are like dying or ugly or something, `cuz I really think that ecology and world peace are like totally important today. Do you use free weights? Your deltoids are huge.
44) 4) dialog: Thank you for doing this Mitch. He means an awful lot to me. I love him like he was a brother.
46) 2) dialog: Is he dead or what?
46) 5) dialog: So he's okay?
46) 7) dialog: What? What did you just say? Mitch looks from the head back to the van, then at the head again. He licks his lips nervously as he thinks.
47) 2) dialog: That was insane!
47) 4) dialog: Norman, what just happened?!
51) 0) text: Courtney lets out an infuriated GROWL.
51) 1) dialog: I just knew something like this was going to happen tonight!
51) 3) dialog: Why d'you have to go and get everyone involved in all your weird stuff?!
51) 7) dialog: Oh my gosh, I think I'm having an aneurism! This is so typical of you!
51) 9) dialog: Oh, I understand! I understand that this is all getting completely out of... The van's sunroof is suddenly ripped open, and the Dead Judge's arm reaches down into the vehicle, clawing inches above Courtney's head.
51) 10) dialog: 
51) 19) dialog: Norman! How do we stop them?! Norman looks again at the book in his hands.
51) 23) dialog: Well you better think of something quick! Norman wracks his brain.
54) 1) dialog: Mitch, do something! Mitch flicks on the windscreen wipers, which wipe the zombie's rotten flesh from side to side across the glass. Mitch and Courtney's eyes follow the Judge's movements from side to side. ParaNorman 52.
67) 2) dialog: Oh, I broke a nail! As Alvin climbs out, he gingerly holds up the Judge's arm, as if it were a dead animal, and dangles it limply in front of his face.
67) 9) dialog: Perfect. Now the geeks are in charge. The kids make toward the parking lot exit.
70) 2) dialog: Oh, this is awful! The zombies are, like, eating everyone! Norman points beyond the bedlam to the dark shape of the Old Town Hall in the plaza.
73) 2) dialog: Great! I'm super psyched! This is turning into the most fun night ever! The overhead light clicks on as Alvin steps into the room behind her and GROANS.
79) 0) text: Dozens of books and cardboard boxes lie scattered across the floor. The glass cabinets around the room have been ransacked as the kids drag documents off shelves and rummage through binders. Norman sits on the floor flipping through sheet after sheet of records. Courtney wades through documents toward him, holding up a fist full of old rolled-up papers.
79) 1) dialog: We're not going to find it in here, Norman! This is useless!
79) 7) dialog: I can't believe this is your plan! I'm gonna get bitten and start eating peoples' brains! I'm supposed to be Vegan! Mitch suddenly SHOUTS out from the doorway.
81) 0) text: Blurry silhouettes move across the outside of the window, occasionally SMACKING against them with their fists. A brick SMASHES through a window and CLATTERS across the floor between Courtney's feet.
82) 6) dialog: We tried and look what happened!
82) 9) dialog: I do too listen! And whatever it was you just said, it's not working! You think you're going to go out there and do your talking to the dead thing and this is all going to be okay? What are you going to do, ask the zombies not to eat you?
82) 11) dialog: Norman, you need to stop all this weird stuff and start living in the real world!
82) 14) dialog: C'mon! ParaNorman 67.
83) 1) dialog: Um, excuse me? Hello? Unmistakably living hands and arms suddenly SMASH through the barricade, clawing into the Town Hall. The kids recoil from the windows, SCREAMING as they bat ineffectually at the grasping hands.
89) 0) text: The kids manage to pull back just as a burning bottle flies over their heads, SHATTERING glass. It lands in the middle of the room and a puddle of burning alcohol spreads across the floorboards. Tendrils of black smoke are also beginning to creep under the edge of the front door. The kids stand in a group, terror-stricken as the smoke thickens and flames begin to lick along the floor. Courtney is quick to lose what remains of her composure. ParaNorman 69.
89) 2) dialog: We're all gonna DIE!
97) 2) dialog: Mitch, if we die tonight, this might be the last chance I get to tell you how I feel. ParaNorman 76.
97) 5) dialog: Norman?
97) 7) dialog: You've gotta be kidding me... Norman, his mouth shielded by his sleeve, heads purposefully toward the front doors.
98) 0) text: A loud THUD from within the Town Hall causes the gathered crowd outside to GASP, and those closest to the doors to take a few steps back. The crowd GASPS again as the charred front door of the Town Hall is wrenched off its hinges by a huge piece of timber and CRASHES down the steps in a shower of flaming splinters. A ripple of shock runs through the crowd as a number of skeletal figures emerge, SPLUTTERING and WHEEZING through the smoke, shielding their faces from the heat. The gathered crowd are even more aghast when they realize a child is being guided out of the flames by the zombies. Unseen by the crowd, Courtney and the other kids crawl to the splintered opening of the front door, blinking and COUGHING for air. Hooper pulls out her gun and marches toward the zombies.
98) 19) dialog: Leave him alone! Courtney suddenly emerges, standing right in front of Norman. Following her lead in true "I'm Spartacus!" fashion, Neil, Mitch and Alvin step forward too, creating a barrier all around him, all joining hands in solidarity. CLOSE ON Courtney's face as she hisses sidelong to Alvin.
98) 20) dialog: Hand, Alvin! My hand! A ripple of confusion seems to run through the crowd.
98) 21) dialog: Everybody, listen up! You all need to stop trying to kill my brother! You're adults! Stop it! I know that this seems crazy, believe me I'm with you on that, but I think he does actually know what he's talking about!
98) 34) dialog: Yes you do, Norman! You've got to get to that witch's grave!
98) 36) dialog: But nothing! You listen to me, buster, we didn't turn away when Daleridge High was slaughtering our volleyball team, did we?
98) 38) dialog: No we didn't. I've cheered the uncheerable, Norman, and I'm not letting you give up now! Norman turns to Perry, his eyes all business.
99) 0) text: The Dead Judge sits rigidly between Norman and Courtney in the back of Perry's station wagon, Perry and Sandra in the front. Perry drives in silent discomfort following the Judge's instructions through town, glancing in his rear-view mirror at the passengers in the back seat. Sandra takes a small perfume spritzer from her purse as surreptitiously as she can and sprays the air around her.
100) 4) dialog: Norman! He's on my side of the seat!
100) 6) dialog: I heard that! Mom! Tell the zombie to stop saying stuff about me!
107) 5) dialog: Good job, Norman. Perry takes a deep breath and looks at his son. There is relief and a hint of admiration in his eyes.
108) 7) dialog: So I was thinking, maybe we could catch a movie sometime? Nothing scary.