9) 0) text: Its industrial days now rusted behind it, Blithe Hollow has become a run-down tourist town, celebrating its heritage with lame fetes and crass knick-knacks. A massive billboard beside the main square reads "BLITHE HOLLOW - A GREAT PLACE TO HANG!" illustrated by a group of waving Puritans beside an equally cheerful witch hanging from a gallows. Across the street a huge banner suggests this year is particularly important for the town; "BLITHE HOLLOW - 300 BEWITCHIN' YEARS!" The town center is lacking in charm; its historical buildings subsumed into a vulgar modern thoroughfare with gaudy witch-themed shop fronts and cracked sidewalks. Everywhere Norman walks, the witch theme is prevalent. Cars have bumper stickers that extol such witticisms as "MY OTHER CAR IS A BROOM". There's a dingy bar, the BAR GENTO, and a greeting card store called BEST WITCHES. Norman hurries past SHERIFF HOOPER, a heavyset black woman, and DEPUTY DWAYNE, lanky and awkward and looking like he'd rather be elsewhere.
9) 2) dialog: Really? I thought it was Rhona. They glance up disdainfully as Norman passes by. Clearly in this town Norman has something of a bad reputation.
76) 0) text: Perry brakes hard just a few feet in front of the advancing mob, moving menacingly en masse in pursuit of the fleeing Undead. Hooper bustles out of the car, making a beeline for Deputy Dwayne. Crystal turns and fires into the street, taking out a lightbulb over a store sign. A dog somewhere in the shadows YELPS and runs away. ParaNorman 63.
76) 3) dialog: It's okay Sheriff, we've only been shooting at the dead ones! It's the living dead, come to take us all to Hell! We gotta stop them before they get away!
80) 0) text: The square outside is awash with threatening townsfolk, led by Mrs Henscher and Deputy Dwayne. Some charge up the Town Hall steps, JEERING and WHISTLING.
98) 12) dialog: Let's hang him! ParaNorman 78.
98) 15) dialog: Then let's burn him! Sandra turns despairingly to the crowd behind her.
108) 1) dialog: So, uh, are we gonna need statements? She slaps it out of his hand.