1) 0) text: Eleven year-old NORMAN BABCOCK sits on the floor watching TV. He has large piercing eyes and a messy shock of hair. The movie scene we just witnessed continues off- screen with the sound of bloodcurdling SCREAMS. Behind him sitting upon a sofa is GRANDMA BABCOCK, a plump old lady squinting through thick glasses.
1) 1) dialog: What's happening now?
1) 3) dialog: That's not very nice. What's he doing that for?
1) 5) dialog: Well he's going to ruin his dinner. I'm sure if they just bothered to sit down and talk it through it'd be a different story. Norman CHUCKLES, as if the idea is absurd, then winces as he hears his father shout from the kitchen. ParaNorman 2.
1) 9) dialog: Tell him to turn up the thermostat too, will ya? My feet are like ice. Norman nods to her and shuffles over to the kitchen door.
7) 0) text: Dressed for school, Norman pauses at the front door and turns to look at the sofa in the living room. He waves happily, and Grandma smiles back. Courtney passes him as she comes down the stairs in the opposite direction. She also stops to look at the sofa, but to her eyes it is empty. She sneers contemptuously.
29) 14) dialog: Jeez, who rattled your chains?
29) 17) dialog: Jackass. If I were a poltergeist I'd throw something at his head. Y'know, by rights I'm supposed to be frolicking in paradise with your grandfather, but I'm not. ParaNorman 32.
29) 20) dialog: I was never one for frolicking. I'll bet there's no cable or canasta up there either. Besides, I promised I'd always look out for you. She smiles, floating in a sitting position at the end of Norman's bed. She bobs gently, like a balloon. For a second, this seems to comfort Norman, but then another thought crosses his mind.
29) 22) dialog: In a manner of speaking...
29) 24) dialog: Of course.
29) 26) dialog: There's nothing wrong with being scared Norman, so long as you don't let it change who you are. Norman thinks this over, then smiles up at her again. She goes to rub his head affectionately, but her ghost hand just passes right through his spiky hair. She gives him a wink, and drifts away through the wall. He is still scared, but now determined too. He steels himself and grabs his jacket from his bed.