16) 0) text: Neil forcibly drags Norman up the front driveway of a pastel-painted house. A pair of legs spotted in oil stick out from beneath a pimped-up camper van. Neil's brother MITCH calls out from under the van.
16) 1) dialog: Neil? That you? ParaNorman 17.
16) 4) dialog: What'd you say? Mitch pulls his brother aside so as to exclude Norman, who stands awkwardly a little way away, surrounded by cheery lawn ornaments and ineptly manicured topiary.
16) 5) dialog: Neil, isn't he that weird kid? Y'know, "Look at me, I talk to ghosts so people will pay attention to me." Mitch makes a goofy face and twitches farcically.
16) 7) dialog: Now listen to me, you don't need to be hanging out with weird people. That's a tip. Neil scowls at his brother.
22) 4) dialog: Did he say the dead are coming?
38) 12) dialog: Um, can I help you?
38) 15) dialog: Yeah, he's my brother.
38) 17) dialog: Hey Neil! You come here a minute? There's a girl asking for you. Neil's face emerges dubiously from a room down the hall. Courtney flashes her widest fake grin and puts on a high pitched sing-song voice.
38) 23) dialog: Whoa, Neil! Better start talking, buddy. ParaNorman 40.
38) 27) dialog: Oh, man. That place is bad news! Total slasher movie vibe! Why'd he go up there?
38) 29) dialog: I told you he was trouble.
38) 32) dialog: Okay... I guess I should go get some clothes on. Courtney gives a disappointed WHINE as he heads off down the hall, shoving Neil's head as he goes.
44) 0) text: Mitch drives along dark roads. Neil sits behind him looking bemused while Courtney, in the front passenger seat, extols her life history.
44) 2) dialog: I've never used deltoids in my life, I swear. You can test me. Neil lies back in his seat, eyes rolling.
44) 6) dialog: Whoa! Look at that sky! ParaNorman 45.
44) 9) dialog: Oh no!
45) 0) text: Mitch turns to everyone as he pulls off his seat belt.
45) 1) dialog: Is everyone okay? Courtney and Neil answer in unison, both of them upside down in their seats with their legs sticking up in the air.
46) 0) text: Mitch climbs out of the van and sees the figure lying still on the moonlit road. He nervously jogs over to it. As he gets closer, Mitch can see the man more clearly. He is wrapped in filthy tattered clothing of a bygone era and is covered in dirt. Flies BUZZ around him.
46) 1) dialog: Er... hello, sir? He hunkers down and is immediately hit by the stench. A mud-encrusted face stares up at him. ANGLE ON the van, as Courtney leans her head out.
46) 3) dialog: I... I don't know! He's not moving! The figure's head lets out a faint GASP.
46) 4) dialog: He's still breathing! Mitch reaches out to gently lift the figure's head but as he does, there is a CRUNCH and it comes off in his hands.
46) 6) dialog: Uh... not exactly.
46) 8) dialog: Does anyone know CPR? Further down the road, Norman runs back toward the van, Alvin still in tow. He sees Mitch ahead of him, getting dizzily to his feet, still holding the head.
47) 1) dialog: Did you see that?
47) 3) dialog: I know, right? I kicked that like a hundred yards!
47) 11) dialog: Oh, right. ParaNorman 48.
51) 2) dialog: You did? Wow, `cos that zombie bit really threw me. Courtney turns in her seat and glares at her brother.
51) 14) dialog: I don't know! I don't know!
51) 16) dialog: Not mentally! Mitch hears a SIREN wail out behind him, and looks in his mirror to see the flashing light of Hooper's bike.
51) 17) dialog: Oh great. The cops. Hooper pulls level with the passenger seat window, waving angrily.
55) 0) text: Mitch hangs a sharp right and accelerates off the road and into thick undergrowth, sending up showers of twigs and thorns. Close on his heels, Hooper swerves her bike around in pursuit.
58) 0) text: Mitch finally manages to pry the Dead Judge's arm off his head. He throws it, thrashing around violently, over his shoulder. Alvin lifts his face tentatively over the edge of the back seat to see what's going on. The zombie arm plants him in the eye, sending both sprawling against the floor. Alvin SQUEALS as the arm snakes around his neck into a bizarre approximation of a wrestling hold. ParaNorman 54.
59) 0) text: Mitch swerves his van down the hill toward the more affluent suburbs of the town. Hooper's police bike bounces along behind them, red light flashing and SIREN wailing.
62) 0) text: Mitch's van explodes out of the thinning woods and back on to the winding hill road. Hooper careens through the trees behind it, but fails to make the turn and smashes through a fence across the other side of the road into a suburban back yard, splinters of fence showering down in her wake. Scattering lawn ornaments, plastic garden toys and deck furniture, Hooper rides directly up a kids' slide, shooting high up into the air like a rocket. ParaNorman 55.
64) 0) text: Mitch's van SCREECHES through the intersection, swerving in front of the Babcock's station wagon, which veers wildly as Perry brakes hard. He leaps out of the car as the van drives away.
65) 0) text: The kids, hanging on for dear life, hear a loud CRUNCH from the back of the van. They all turn to see the van's rear doors ripped open. Silhouetted in the space is the one-armed Dead Judge, cape muddied and torn from his crawling back out from the vehicle's undercarriage. The zombie lunges toward the startled kids, and MOANS. Mitch turns his attention back to the road ahead, but too late, and he YELLS as green-faced Mrs Henscher runs SQUEALING into the van's headlights. Mitch throws all his weight onto the wheel, tires SCREAMING as the van misses Henscher by inches. The violence of the turn flings the Dead Judge backwards like a slingshot, disappearing out of the doors and shattering into a dozen pieces as he SMASHES into the hard road.
66) 0) text: Having completely lost control, Mitch's van ploughs through cookie-cutter back yards. ParaNorman 56.
67) 1) dialog: Oh my gosh! I'm gonna be sick!
67) 4) dialog: 
73) 7) dialog: I really hate these places. Norman sizes up the masses of documents all around them, face panicked. It would take days to go through them all.
79) 3) dialog: I thought I was driving the van. No one told me I was gonna have to do this other dumb stuff.
79) 8) dialog: Guys! There's something moving out there! I think it's the zombies!
79) 11) dialog: Oh, no it's not. It's just grown- ups.
82) 1) dialog: That sound. Y'know what that is? That's not awesome... things...
82) 13) dialog: Jeez, that was dramatic. Courtney shoots him a look as if she's about to fight back, then shakes her head and shoves her way through the door. She turns to go, snapping at the other kids behind her.
82) 17) dialog: Dude, you're really heavy.
97) 0) text: Smeared with soot and COUGHING, the kids are trapped in the lobby. They cower together as burning wood CREAKS and CRACKS all around them. The air is grey and caustic and filled with flakes of charcoal and burning ash. A burning timber GROANS as it splits from the ceiling and tumbles toward the children. They SCREAM and scatter as it hits the floorboards in a shower of glowing sparks. Mitch shouts out from beside a heavy wooden counter top.
97) 1) dialog: Guys! Guys! Under here! Under here! The kids scramble beneath the shelter of the counter as more glowing embers rain down around them. Courtney grabs Mitch by the bicep and whispers weakly.
97) 4) dialog: Uh, well, no. Unless we get brought back as zombies, and then technically you'll have longer. Courtney opens her mouth to continue, but her love train is thoroughly derailed by the nearby CRASH of breaking wood, and the archive door beside them CLATTERS to the ground. The cowering kids all watch in silent horror as several dark figures limp and shamble out of the smoke and make their way past them across the room. It's the zombies, and they're being led by Norman.
98) 23) dialog: Yeah, and all you want to do is burn and murder stuff, burn and murder stuff! Just burning and murdering! ParaNorman 79.
108) 8) dialog: That sounds great, Kathy! Y'know, you're gonna love my boyfriend! He's like a total chick-flick nut! Courtney stares at him, at a loss for words, then successfully reads between the lines and turns away MUTTERING. Norman eventually finds Neil sat upon the witch statue's broken plinth, attempting to piece it back together pebble by pebble.