11) 0) text: An expanse of unevenly lacquered floor, scuffed by scores of dragged heels. Rows of dented lockers line the walls. Norman stands before his locker, across which someone has daubed the word "FREAK" in marker. Clearly something of a daily ritual, he reaches inside, takes out a bottle of surface cleaner and a rag and proceeds to wipe it off. Across the hallway, another kid is removing graffiti from his locker. NEIL is overweight with frizzy red hair, and is busily rubbing a handkerchief over the word "FATTY". He watches Norman with interest. A voice behind his shoulder gives Norman a start.
12) 18) dialog: Ooh! This is my moment! He shuffles toward Salma and swings his branch around, not realizing Alvin has slung the hangman's noose around Norman's neck. Norman is yanked off balance and staggers into Neil who keels over, rigid branch arms unable to stop his fall. He lands on top of Salma, her kicking legs sticking out from under him as though Dorothy's house had just landed on stage. The kids break into uncontrollable LAUGHTER. ParaNorman 13.
12) 21) dialog: Sorry! Mrs Henscher flings her script into the air, her face beet red.
13) 0) text: As kids hotfoot it out of the building as quickly as possible, Norman stands pitiably in front of his locker. Fresh graffiti reads "SEE YOU TOMORROW, FREAK". Norman heads for the door, and pretends not to hear when Neil shouts out behind him.
13) 1) dialog: Norman, wait up!
14) 0) text: Norman keeps going, but Neil quickly catches up, beaming intently at the side of his head.
14) 2) dialog: So do I. Let's do it together! You shouldn't let them get you down. They always do stuff like that to me.
14) 4) dialog: Because I'm fat. And my allergies make my eyes leak. And I sweat when I walk too fast. And I have a lunchbox with a kitten on it. And I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome. I guess there's a whole bunch of stuff.
14) 7) dialog: Nah. You can't stop bullying, it's part of human nature. If you were bigger and more stupid, you'd probably be a bully too. It's called "survival of the thickest".
15) 0) text: Norman and Neil walk away from the school along a tree lined street at the end of which stands a huge commemorative statue. It is a grotesque effigy of the evil witch from the local legend.
15) 2) dialog: That statue just "pissst" at us! Wild-eyed Mr Prenderghast suddenly leaps in front of them, startling them as he staggers closer.
15) 4) dialog: The weird stinky old bum who lives up the hill?
15) 12) dialog: 
15) 19) dialog: Don't make me throw this hummus! It's spicy! Mr Prenderghast thinks better of it and turns to flee the scene. He HISSES out of the side of his mouth at Norman. ParaNorman 16.
15) 22) dialog: Jeez, what a dirty old creep!
15) 24) dialog: So is it true?
15) 26) dialog: Can you see ghosts? Like, everywhere? All the time?
15) 28) dialog: Awesome! Do you think you can see my dog Bub? He was run over by an animal rescue van. Tragic and ironic. We buried him in the yard. Could you see him? Norman frowns disbelievingly, completely taken aback.
15) 30) dialog: Sweet! Come on!
16) 0) text: Neil forcibly drags Norman up the front driveway of a pastel-painted house. A pair of legs spotted in oil stick out from beneath a pimped-up camper van. Neil's brother MITCH calls out from under the van.
16) 3) dialog: Hey Mitch! We're gonna go play with the dead dog in the garden and we're not even gonna have to dig him up first! Mitch sits up. He's a strapping six-foot jock with tattooed biceps. The kind of guy who wears year-round flip-flops.
16) 6) dialog: Can you stop doing that? It's kinda stupid.
16) 8) dialog: Don't blow this for me, Mitch. This one's not weird. He talks to dead people. Neil has had enough and defiantly walks away from his brother.
17) 0) text: Neil rummages around in the bushes of his back yard, surrounded by a gloriously tasteless menagerie of lawn ornaments. Norman stands slightly to one side surveying the rows of plastic gnomes and wondering if he should have gone straight home after all.
17) 1) dialog: He's around here somewhere...
17) 6) dialog: Is he there? How's he look? Bub BARKS, then his front half notices his tail and runs behind to sniff his own backside.
17) 9) dialog: 
17) 14) dialog: Go get it!
17) 17) dialog: Yeah well, it's still fun. Good boy! Bring it back! Go get it, Bub! Good boy! CLOSE ON Norman as he watches Neil toss the stick back and forth across the garden. The stick lands near his feet and he bends down to pick it up.
17) 18) dialog: Why don't you try?
17) 20) dialog: No, no, it's fun! Try it!
17) 22) dialog: You throw it. It's really easy.
17) 24) dialog: No, c'mon, it's really fun.
17) 26) dialog: No, you try it. I already went like fifty times.
17) 28) dialog: You get the stick, you pull it back, and you throw it!
17) 31) dialog: I fetched it! ParaNorman 20.
20) 6) dialog: What?
22) 0) text: Norman stands next to Neil on stage, eyes closed and WAILING. Everyone around him stares in stunned silence as, still SCREAMING, he runs into the spotlight.
27) 0) text: Norman sprints madly for the main doors, passing Neil and Salma who glance up from their lockers as he stumbles by.
27) 1) dialog: Norman? Alvin tears around the corner in pursuit, but Neil stands in his way, waving his arms indignantly.
27) 2) dialog: Hey! What's the big deal?
27) 4) dialog: Or what?
27) 6) dialog: I don't have boobs. These are pectorals! Alvin jabs him in the chest.
27) 7) dialog: Ow! My boobs! Neil swiftly steps aside. Alvin reaches the door to see Norman disappearing along the path as fast as he can. Alvin YELLS after him.
29) 0) text: Norman paces his room looking pale and anxious as he hears the front door shut downstairs. Everywhere he turns he finds himself face to face with some zombie related novelty, from his lurid horror posters to his shelves of ghoulish action figures, and it's not doing anything for his nerves. His cell phone BEEPS from his pocket, giving him a start. He takes it out and reads a text; "COME TO THE WINDOW". Norman cautiously walks over and peers around the edge of the window frame. A figure stands motionless in the yard below, sheets of laundry billowing off the clothes line beside it. It stares up at Norman through the blank eye holes of a hockey mask. Norman GASPS and jumps back. With a frown, he re-emerges and opens the window. The figure lifts the mask, and Neil beams out from underneath, waving excitedly.
29) 1) dialog: You wanna play some hockey? Norman SIGHS.
29) 3) dialog: Is it all that walking dead stuff again?
29) 5) dialog: Ew. ParaNorman 31.
29) 8) dialog: So you wanna come play a bit later?
29) 10) dialog: Yeah, but I thought my idea was less likely to get us eaten. Norman knows he's on his own in this.
29) 12) dialog: But...
38) 0) text: Neil sits on the floor in front of a huge TV, remote control in hand, as the doorbell RINGS loudly from the hall.
38) 2) dialog: I'm busy!
38) 4) dialog: No! The doorbell RINGS again.
38) 19) dialog: Neil?
38) 21) dialog: Oh no...
38) 25) dialog: I didn't really think he was serious about going up to the old graveyard on his own!
38) 28) dialog: I don't know. Maybe we should go look for him.
38) 33) dialog: Uh, is Norman in trouble?
44) 0) text: Mitch drives along dark roads. Neil sits behind him looking bemused while Courtney, in the front passenger seat, extols her life history.
44) 3) dialog: Kill me now.
44) 5) dialog: He is your brother. Courtney counters the backseat barbs by smiling demurely, but Mitch's attention has been drawn by something else.
44) 8) dialog: Look out! Mitch slams on the breaks, twisting the wheel.
44) 13) dialog: That was Norman! Shaken, Mitch realizes another figure is looming out of the darkness in front of them. He slams on the brakes again, but too late. The tall dirty-looking figure stands stock still as the van plows straight into him. Dust flies up from the wheels of the van as it skids to an eventual stop in the center of the road.
45) 2) dialog: No! No! Mitch, trying to stay calm, looks in his rear-view mirror and sees a prone shape on the ground some yards back. ParaNorman 46.
51) 5) dialog: Sorry. My fault. When I'm nervous I get mouth diarrhoea.
51) 13) dialog: Whaddawedo? Whaddawedo? Mitch?!
51) 15) dialog: You're the oldest!
51) 21) dialog: We've got to go back to the graveyard?
51) 24) dialog: I have an idea! ParaNorman 51.
54) 0) text: Neil drops back down onto his seat. The Dead Judge's arm, torn off at the shoulder, is still clutched in his hands. He stares down at it, wide-eyed, as it wriggles like an animal in his grasp. The Dead Judge slides slowly down the windscreen of the van with a dull SQUEAK.
67) 7) dialog: Oh yeah! Neil HUMS his very own action movie score as he runs to follow Norman out of the parking lot. ParaNorman 57.
71) 3) dialog: 
72) 3) dialog: This is?
73) 4) dialog: This'll be a piece of cake, you'll see. He pauses, and frowns, squinting up his eyes as he reads aloud, very slowly.
73) 5) dialog: Page... One... Okay, page one. Mitch hefts a particularly heavy box file off a shelf. He seems to read the filing notes written across its front, then ignores them and begins curling it like a dumbbell. ParaNorman 62.
79) 5) dialog: Yes! Book number one! Finished! That is right, twenty six pages, oh yeah! Everyone GROANS and turns back to their bickering. ParaNorman 65.
82) 16) dialog: I'm not going anywhere. You can't make me. Mitch shrugs and picks his brother up, scooping him under one arm and carrying him out the door.
82) 18) dialog: I'm not speaking to you. You can't make me. Norman watches the doors shut behind them, and his anger begins to ebb. Alone in the archive room, he slumps to his knees feeling useless and frustrated.
85) 0) text: Neil SCREAMS as Slob Guy gropes at his chubby arm.
98) 22) dialog: All night he's been trying to save you from the witch's curse!
98) 29) dialog: Jeez, what is her problem? Norman takes in the chaos around them... ParaNorman 80.
98) 32) dialog: So what do we do now?
108) 0) text: The sky has lost its lurid pall, and the clouds are now lighter and less menacing. In the Town Square, clusters of townsfolk are trying to come to terms with the night's events. Norman weaves through the crowd away from the Babcock's station wagon, searching for Neil. He hears small snippets of conversation as he goes. Dwayne waves his notebook under Hooper's nose.
108) 10) dialog: You did it! You stopped the witch's curse and made the zombies go away and saved pretty much everything!
108) 12) dialog: Yeah, of course. Don't get weird or anything. So you think now everything's gonna turn back to normal? Norman looks across the square. The smoldering buildings, the fallen signposts, the warped trees, the rubble...