1) 0) text: Eleven year-old NORMAN BABCOCK sits on the floor watching TV. He has large piercing eyes and a messy shock of hair. The movie scene we just witnessed continues off- screen with the sound of bloodcurdling SCREAMS. Behind him sitting upon a sofa is GRANDMA BABCOCK, a plump old lady squinting through thick glasses.
1) 2) dialog: The zombie is eating her head, Grandma.
1) 4) dialog: Because he's a zombie. That's what they do.
1) 8) dialog: Coming, Dad!
2) 0) text: Norman's mother, SANDRA BABCOCK, is emptying the dishwasher. She is in her late thirties, and wears `mom' clothes that do no favors for her figure. His father, PERRY BABCOCK, is older, with a neatly-trimmed beard trying hard to delineate chin from neck. He stands on a chair, decked out in tool belt and safety goggles, even though he's only changing a light bulb in a ceiling fixture. Sandra smiles at her son as he makes his way silently to an overstuffed trash can as tall as he is.
2) 2) dialog: Sex and violence.
2) 6) dialog: I thought you said kids my age were too busy shoplifting and joyriding?
2) 13) dialog: Dad? Grandma says, "Can you turn up the heating?" Her feet are cold. The bubble Courtney is blowing POPS against her face, Perry rolls his eyes and GROANS, and Sandra pales.
2) 16) dialog: I know!
2) 18) dialog: Because she talks back!
2) 21) dialog: I'm not making this up! I swear! She talks to me all the time!
2) 23) dialog: She said it's not very ladylike to hide photos of the High School quarterback with his shirt off in your underwear drawer. Sandra and Perry raise their eyebrows.
2) 25) dialog: No I haven't! Grandma told me!
2) 28) dialog: No she's not, she's in the living room. Perry throws his arms in the air, swaying on the chair.
4) 0) text: Norman sits on his bed, using a couple of zombie action figures to act out his parents' ongoing "discussion" which carries upstairs. Norman gets up off the bed and approaches the door.
5) 0) text: CLOSE ON a faded photograph of Norman, held in the grimy hand of MR PRENDERGHAST. He stands over a dusty desk scattered with pictures of Norman, Sandra and older family members. He is in a dark study; a wall-to-wall trove of curious miscellanea and dumpster-dived junk.
6) 0) text: Norman opens bleary eyes, turns off his zombie hand alarm clock, and slides out of bed.
7) 0) text: Dressed for school, Norman pauses at the front door and turns to look at the sofa in the living room. He waves happily, and Grandma smiles back. Courtney passes him as she comes down the stairs in the opposite direction. She also stops to look at the sofa, but to her eyes it is empty. She sneers contemptuously.
8) 0) text: Norman ambles past houses and lawns spotted with small- town America detritus; cheap plastic lawn furniture, peeling-paint fences and cookie-cutter topiary. Here the quaint colonial buildings are mostly in disrepair, their picket fences rotten or daubed in graffiti. ParaNorman 7.
8) 2) dialog: Good morning! Hey Bruce! How's it goin'? Not much. I'm kind of late for school. I need to go. Hi, nice to see you guys. Good morning. Sorry I gotta run. Excuse me. Pardon me. See ya. At one street corner, Norman bends over a gutter. He is watched curiously by a man retrieving his morning paper across the other side of the street. MAN'S POV - Norman crouches over the flattened remains of raccoon road kill.
8) 3) dialog: Hey there little buddy! C'mere! He realizes he is being stared at and slowly turns to face the onlooker, then hurries away. Though no one else sees them, to Norman's eyes, a whole host of ghosts are meandering through the streets.
8) 4) dialog: Yeah, good to see you! How you doin'? Hi Mrs Hardman. You look nice today. I like what you've done with your hair.
8) 7) dialog: Totally.
8) 9) dialog: Sir, yes sir!
8) 11) dialog: No no, I'm just late for school. Sorry, I gotta go. (to Mobster Ghost) How you doin'? ParaNorman 8.
8) 14) dialog: Hi! How's it hanging?
9) 0) text: Its industrial days now rusted behind it, Blithe Hollow has become a run-down tourist town, celebrating its heritage with lame fetes and crass knick-knacks. A massive billboard beside the main square reads "BLITHE HOLLOW - A GREAT PLACE TO HANG!" illustrated by a group of waving Puritans beside an equally cheerful witch hanging from a gallows. Across the street a huge banner suggests this year is particularly important for the town; "BLITHE HOLLOW - 300 BEWITCHIN' YEARS!" The town center is lacking in charm; its historical buildings subsumed into a vulgar modern thoroughfare with gaudy witch-themed shop fronts and cracked sidewalks. Everywhere Norman walks, the witch theme is prevalent. Cars have bumper stickers that extol such witticisms as "MY OTHER CAR IS A BROOM". There's a dingy bar, the BAR GENTO, and a greeting card store called BEST WITCHES. Norman hurries past SHERIFF HOOPER, a heavyset black woman, and DEPUTY DWAYNE, lanky and awkward and looking like he'd rather be elsewhere.
10) 0) text: Norman walks up a tree lined path that leads to a squat school building. Out front, the name "BLITHE HOLLOW MIDDLE SCHOOL" is carved into an ugly hunk of granite. ParaNorman 9.
11) 0) text: An expanse of unevenly lacquered floor, scuffed by scores of dragged heels. Rows of dented lockers line the walls. Norman stands before his locker, across which someone has daubed the word "FREAK" in marker. Clearly something of a daily ritual, he reaches inside, takes out a bottle of surface cleaner and a rag and proceeds to wipe it off. Across the hallway, another kid is removing graffiti from his locker. NEIL is overweight with frizzy red hair, and is busily rubbing a handkerchief over the word "FATTY". He watches Norman with interest. A voice behind his shoulder gives Norman a start.
11) 2) dialog: What do you want, Alvin?
11) 10) dialog: Flies don't talk. Across the hall, Neil continues to watch with sympathy, but he is already being hurried along by his friend SALMA, a nerdy Indian kid with braces.
12) 0) text: Amidst stacked bleachers, foam mats and stray dodge balls, a crudely constructed stage fills one end of the gymnasium. Mediocre art class scenery represents a colonial town, complete with plywood hills, chapel and crescent moon dangling perilously from a basketball hoop. In a director's chair far too small for the job is MRS HENSCHER, an imposing woman with spectacles and beret who looks like she smells of too-much perfume. At the front of the stage wearing a pilgrim hat and carrying a large scroll, is NORMAN. He is surrounded by kids whose attempts at home made period costume leave a lot to be desired. ParaNorman 11.
12) 8) dialog: The founding fathers of Blithe Hollow discovered an evil witch amongst them...
12) 16) dialog: Sorry, Mrs Henscher.
13) 0) text: As kids hotfoot it out of the building as quickly as possible, Norman stands pitiably in front of his locker. Fresh graffiti reads "SEE YOU TOMORROW, FREAK". Norman heads for the door, and pretends not to hear when Neil shouts out behind him.
14) 0) text: Norman keeps going, but Neil quickly catches up, beaming intently at the side of his head.
14) 1) dialog: I keep telling you, Neil. I like to be alone.
14) 3) dialog: Why?
14) 5) dialog: Doesn't it bother you? ParaNorman 14.
15) 0) text: Norman and Neil walk away from the school along a tree lined street at the end of which stands a huge commemorative statue. It is a grotesque effigy of the evil witch from the local legend.
15) 6) dialog: Yes. I know. I was told not to talk to you. Sorry. Mr Prenderghast steps in front of Neil, leaning closer to Norman and whispering conspiratorially.
15) 11) dialog: Actually, we're learning about it in school..?
15) 23) dialog: He's my uncle.
15) 25) dialog: What? Norman just stares at him.
15) 27) dialog: Uh, yeah?
15) 29) dialog: Maybe.
16) 0) text: Neil forcibly drags Norman up the front driveway of a pastel-painted house. A pair of legs spotted in oil stick out from beneath a pimped-up camper van. Neil's brother MITCH calls out from under the van.
17) 0) text: Neil rummages around in the bushes of his back yard, surrounded by a gloriously tasteless menagerie of lawn ornaments. Norman stands slightly to one side surveying the rows of plastic gnomes and wondering if he should have gone straight home after all.
17) 4) dialog: No. My grandma told me it's usually people who still have stuff to figure out. Or sometimes it's the ones who died suddenly, or in a bad way. A BARK, and Norman turns to see a translucent puppy wagging its tail cheerfully, despite being chopped neatly into two halves.
17) 5) dialog: Bub?
17) 7) dialog: Uh... good. Bub bounds over to Neil, runs clean through his chubby calves, then doubles back for another try.
17) 8) dialog: He's happy to see you.
17) 12) dialog: Yeah, I guess. Neil bends over and kisses the air by his ankles, making a "coochy-coo" face.
17) 13) dialog: Uh... that's not his chin. Neil stops mid-smooch, and quickly stands up. Norman watches as Neil picks up a stick and waves it in front of Bub's nose, even though he can't see him.
17) 15) dialog: He can't fetch it, y'know. ParaNorman 19.
17) 19) dialog: `Cos I don't really, uh... You can go.
17) 21) dialog: No I don't want to.
17) 23) dialog: No it's okay. You can throw it.
17) 25) dialog: Here. You go first.
17) 27) dialog: Okay, what do I do?
17) 30) dialog: Neil? Sorry! As Norman runs over to him, Neil lies on his back GIGGLING, the stick held between his teeth.
17) 33) dialog: Are you okay? CUT WIDE as the two kids enjoy their play, the sun above them breaking through the clouds in a bright blue sky.
20) 8) dialog: (under his breath) Oh no! Not again! All around trees have sprouted out of nowhere, and through the darkness in the distance are occasional lights of small houses. This might be how this very spot looked three centuries ago.
21) 0) text: As Norman turns on the spot GASPING, he hears a RUSTLE in the bushes behind him and spots several dark and ominous figures in Pilgrim clothing scouring the undergrowth.
21) 3) dialog: No!
22) 0) text: Norman stands next to Neil on stage, eyes closed and WAILING. Everyone around him stares in stunned silence as, still SCREAMING, he runs into the spotlight.
22) 1) dialog: 
22) 7) dialog: 
22) 9) dialog: The tree told me! ParaNorman 24.
23) 0) text: Barely keeping his fury in check, Perry drives home, Norman sitting despondently in the back seat.
23) 4) dialog: This is ridiculous. I wish everyone could see what I see! I didn't ask to be born this way! Perry mutters as he slams his door shut.
23) 7) dialog: He's my dad. He shouldn't be afraid of me. ParaNorman 25.
24) 0) text: Ominous clouds roll long shadows over the school building. Norman stands at the bottom of the school steps, trying to prepare himself for what he knows is going to be a bad day. He steels himself, and SIGHS.
25) 0) text: Norman walks the familiar gauntlet of school kids, only this time the abuse is tenfold.
26) 3) dialog: You died?!
26) 5) dialog: Ew! Couldn't you use another stall?
26) 7) dialog: Me? No, you must have it wrong!
26) 9) dialog: But I... I don't know what any of it means! ParaNorman 27.
26) 12) dialog: But I'm just a kid! How am I supposed to stop it? In an instant the air and trees around him are eaten away, the school bathroom reappearing through the holes.
26) 14) dialog: What book?
26) 18) dialog: But this is crazy!
26) 22) dialog: 
26) 25) dialog: Y-you mean like the "f" word?
26) 27) dialog: Okay, okay, I promise...
26) 29) dialog: No! Mr Prenderghast, wait! Alvin, hearing only Norman's voice, gingerly peeks around the corner of his stall.
26) 31) dialog: Wait! No, you can't leave now! Please! I don't understand. Mr Prenderghast hangs in the air a moment, face scrunched up as he awaits his release, CACKLING crazily. The ghost explodes into a million particles of light, blowing open the stall door and catapulting Alvin backwards across the room. The mirrors behind him crack and the light bulb shatters. From the floor, Alvin groggily looks up and sees Norman framed in the stall with the door hanging off its hinges. He reaches over and flushes the toilet.
26) 32) dialog: Uh... yeah. You might want to give that a few minutes. He grabs his bag and runs out of the room. ParaNorman 29.
27) 0) text: Norman sprints madly for the main doors, passing Neil and Salma who glance up from their lockers as he stumbles by.
29) 0) text: Norman paces his room looking pale and anxious as he hears the front door shut downstairs. Everywhere he turns he finds himself face to face with some zombie related novelty, from his lurid horror posters to his shelves of ghoulish action figures, and it's not doing anything for his nerves. His cell phone BEEPS from his pocket, giving him a start. He takes it out and reads a text; "COME TO THE WINDOW". Norman cautiously walks over and peers around the edge of the window frame. A figure stands motionless in the yard below, sheets of laundry billowing off the clothes line beside it. It stares up at Norman through the blank eye holes of a hockey mask. Norman GASPS and jumps back. With a frown, he re-emerges and opens the window. The figure lifts the mask, and Neil beams out from underneath, waving excitedly.
29) 2) dialog: I've kinda got other things on my mind right now. Neil looks a little uncomfortable.
29) 4) dialog: Mr Prenderghast appeared to me in the bathroom!
29) 7) dialog: No, his spirit! He says the witch's curse is real and I have to go up to the old graveyard to stop it! Before the sun sets tonight! Neil shifts uneasily as he processes.
29) 9) dialog: Didn't you hear what I just said?!
29) 11) dialog: Just go home, Neil. I'm better off on my own anyway.
29) 13) dialog: Go home! Norman reaches up and closes the window. Neil's shoulders sag and he turns away. Across the room, his Grandma materializes, and squints her eyes through the window as Neil awkwardly pulls himself over the garden fence.
29) 15) dialog: No one. Norman isn't in the mood for any more discussion.
29) 16) dialog: Dad says I'm not supposed to talk to you any more, Grandma.
29) 19) dialog: So why did you stay?
29) 21) dialog: So it's your... duty?
29) 23) dialog: And you'd do it no matter what?
29) 25) dialog: Even if it was something really scary... Grandma eyes him curiously.
30) 0) text: The tiny room is crammed full of posters, pom-poms, plush toys and plastic trophies. Pretty much everything is pink. Courtney sits talking on her phone, cotton buds between her toes as her painted nails dry. ParaNorman 33.
31) 0) text: Beneath a florid evening sky, the Babcock's drive is in darkness. Pedalling furiously, Norman rides his bike out of the shadows into the light of the street.
32) 0) text: On a street corner two teenage girls approach Alvin and Pug, who have laid out a breakdancing mat and a beatbox and are doing their best to impress. Alvin imagines he is wowing the girls with his krumping, his ham-like limbs flying around and Pug hollering support, but in truth they watch in morbid fascination. A faint CLATTERING sound down the road grows louder. Norman suddenly THUNDERS past them on his bike, spinning Alvin on the spot and knocking him onto his butt. Show over, Alvin blunders to his feet, his eyes following Norman's trajectory up the dark road, and GROWLS.
33) 0) text: Tall conifers rise up high on either side of the road, now little more than a dirt track. Norman pedals up the hill and swerves, skidding to a stop in the gravel. He climbs off the bike, eyes fixed on a ramshackle house partially hidden in the foliage, its porch door swinging and CREAKING eerily in the breeze. He cautiously advances past a crooked mailbox on which is written "PRENDERGHAST", and steps onto the wooden porch. ParaNorman 34.
34) 1) dialog: Hello? Mr Prenderghast? Motes of dust float around Norman as he moves slowly toward a door, slightly ajar, muttering to himself. He quietly makes his way past all manner of objects that epitomize the state of Mr Prenderghast's mind; a mannequin in a shopping cart, a pile of broken typewriters, a suspended bag of spoons, a closet full of identically soiled hobo suits, a Nordic track...
35) 0) text: The study is filled with teetering piles of junk and old furniture draped over in dust sheets. A crucifix hangs over a metal cot with rumpled bedding. This is evidently where the old man lived his whole life. Starlight from a window picks out a macabre halo on a shape on the floor: Mr Prenderghast, dead where he fell, tightly clutching a leather-bound book. CLOSE ON Norman's face as he swallows nervously and steps closer to the body. He gingerly takes hold of the book and gives a gentle tug. It holds fast in the rigor mortis grasp. He tugs harder, shaking the book repeatedly, the corpse shaking with it.
35) 1) dialog: Let go! Norman spends several strenuous moments dragging the body across the floorboards, Mr Prenderghast's head glancing off table legs and smacking repeatedly against the floorboards, as Norman tries to wrestle the book free. With a final yank the book pulls loose and, GASPING, Norman grips the book to his chest and runs to the door.
36) 0) text: Norman careens through the door, leaps off the porch and sprints along the wooded lane up the hill, watched by Alvin, concealed behind some bushes.
37) 0) text: Norman emerges from the woods, his long shadow preceding him as the sun begins its descent behind the tall trees. ParaNorman 35.
37) 5) dialog: This is it! The sun continues its descent, casting an ever lengthening shadow of treetops across the graveyard.
37) 6) dialog: Read from the book, stop the curse, go home and pretend this never happened. Norman steels himself, opens the book and starts to read.
37) 7) dialog: "Once upon a time, in a far-off land there lived a king and queen in a magnificent castle..." He pauses, confused by what he's reading.
37) 8) dialog: What? A fairy... tale...? A hand reaches over his shoulder from nowhere, whipping the book out of his grasp. He spins around to find Alvin standing behind him.
37) 10) dialog: Give it back!
37) 13) dialog: No, don't! Alvin!
37) 15) dialog: Uh-oh.
37) 18) dialog: It's her! Another violent CRACK of thunder and flash of light, and the wind instantly cuts out. The boys stand stock still. Reaching down like a colossal arm, a great plume of cloud spirals over the cemetery, enveloping the tumbledown chapel and seeping around the gravestones. Fingers of murky fog slither across the ground, occasionally pausing and hanging in the air as though sniffing it. There is something eerily playful in the movement of the tendrils. The boys are jolted as an awful high pitched SCREAM blows through the graveyard like a shockwave, pulsing through the fog like a heartbeat. Norman and Alvin cover their ears and cower as the fog suddenly rears up like a claw and fiercely gouges into the earth in front of the boys. ParaNorman 37.
37) 21) dialog: Once upon a time in a far-off... Once upon a... In a...
37) 23) dialog: It's not working! The Dead Judge gives a hideous GROWL, but Norman frowns, confused, because he can hear words.
37) 28) dialog: Wait! Norman follows, leapfrogging over headstones.
39) 0) text: The front door is kicked open and Norman and a near hysterical Alvin rush inside, slamming and locking the door behind them.
39) 2) dialog: I think you'll be safe.
39) 5) dialog: I don't get it! Why didn't it work? He opens the book and leafs through page after page of ornate calligraphy and woodcut illustrations.
39) 6) dialog: "The Story of Sleeping Beauty". This doesn't make any sense! His mind racing, Norman heads off along the hallway.
40) 0) text: The room remains as before, with Mr Prenderghast's corpse lying on the floor. Norman enters with purpose and approaches it, leaving Alvin horrified in the doorway. Norman crouches low over the body, holding the book out in front of Mr Prenderghast's blank eyes.
40) 1) dialog: Mr Prenderghast, I don't understand! Tell me what to do!
40) 3) dialog: (points to corpse) He told me to read from the book to stop the curse! I thought it was a spell or something, but... Norman narrows his eyes as he sees Mr Prenderghast's desk, still strewn with pictures and newspaper clippings. He hurries over and begins rummaging through the mess, scattering papers across the floor.
40) 4) dialog: Come on! There has to be something...
40) 11) dialog: Seven victims... Frowning, Norman glances up and sees a page from an old book tacked to the wall. It is an illustration of a hideous old crone, cackling evilly. Another THUMP from down the hall. Norman looks again from the photographs in his hand to the image of the old witch. There's something he's not seeing... He looks at the pictures in front of him. Graves. Jurors. Witch.
40) 12) dialog: Seven graves.
40) 14) dialog: I was reading the book in the wrong place! Down the hallway, another loud THUMP.
40) 15) dialog: Hide! ParaNorman 43.
42) 0) text: The boys tremble in their hiding places trying not to make a sound; Alvin crouched behind a stack of books and Norman lying underneath the bed. The footsteps grow louder as the zombies shuffle into the room. NORMAN'S POV - rotten legs step up to Mr Prenderghast's body, lying where he fell on the floorboards. Two withered feet suddenly step right up to the bed. Something drops onto the floor inches in front of Norman's face with an unpleasant SLAP. Norman's eyes bug out as he realizes it is a zombie's dislodged ear. A weltered arm reaches down to grope around for the body part, until Norman pushes the ear, as carefully as he can manage, back into the zombie's fingers. The hand retreats back out from under the bed. There is a loud SCREAM as Alvin, unable to contain himself any longer, jumps out from his hiding place and makes for the door. The corpses look up as he disappears down the hall, then stagger after him. Norman takes this chance to follow, but the Dead Judge blocks his exit. They both stand quite still, staring into each others' eyes. The corpse tilts its head, almost quizzically, and its eyes widen as it notices the book under his arm. Norman steps sideways to run past it, but the corpse does too. Both it and Norman step one way, then the other, and back again. Norman feigns one direction and quickly bolts in the other, past the corpse and out the door.
43) 0) text: Alvin reaches the front door and throws it open. Directly in front of him is another zombie on the doorstep, opening a mouth full of jagged teeth. Alvin SCREAMS like a little girl, smacks it ineffectually with his spatula, and the door is abruptly SLAMMED in the zombie's face, a surprised and muffled GROAN coming from the other side. ParaNorman 44.
43) 2) dialog: Come on!
46) 9) dialog: Run! The head in Mitch's hands suddenly GASPS again, opening its mouth. Mitch SHRIEKS as the headless figure on the road sits up and reaches out its arms. Mitch drop kicks it like a football. It flies, WAILING, into the bushes. ParaNorman 47.
47) 10) dialog: Uh, guys... maybe we should actually drive away now.
50) 0) text: Unseen by the kids, the Dead Judge claws his way up the rear doors of the van by his ragged fingernails. ParaNorman 49.
51) 4) dialog: Well, you weren't supposed to follow me, were you?
51) 8) dialog: You don't understand! I'm the only one who can stop this, Courtney!
51) 20) dialog: I'm supposed to read from the book at the witch's grave!
51) 22) dialog: She wasn't buried with the others. I don't know where else to look...
52) 3) dialog: Uh... yeah.
54) 4) dialog: Salma! We need to find out where the witch is buried! I went to the old graveyard but her grave wasn't there!
54) 7) dialog: Salma! Please! Hurry! Y'know, I would Google this myself if there wasn't a 300 year old dead guy trying to rip my face off! With a SIGH, Salma types at her computer.
54) 10) dialog: Quick! She said go to the Town Hall!
58) 0) text: Mitch finally manages to pry the Dead Judge's arm off his head. He throws it, thrashing around violently, over his shoulder. Alvin lifts his face tentatively over the edge of the back seat to see what's going on. The zombie arm plants him in the eye, sending both sprawling against the floor. Alvin SQUEALS as the arm snakes around his neck into a bizarre approximation of a wrestling hold. ParaNorman 54.
62) 0) text: Mitch's van explodes out of the thinning woods and back on to the winding hill road. Hooper careens through the trees behind it, but fails to make the turn and smashes through a fence across the other side of the road into a suburban back yard, splinters of fence showering down in her wake. Scattering lawn ornaments, plastic garden toys and deck furniture, Hooper rides directly up a kids' slide, shooting high up into the air like a rocket. ParaNorman 55.
66) 0) text: Having completely lost control, Mitch's van ploughs through cookie-cutter back yards. ParaNorman 56.
67) 6) dialog: Uh oh. C'mon!
68) 0) text: The town center retains even less charm when the sun goes down, and its remaining denizens are now drunk, high or looking for trouble. Provided one requires alcohol, junk food or pharmaceuticals, it's the place to be. A ruddy-faced drunk, SLOB GUY, inserts a few coins in a vending machine at the end of an alley, and waits as the metal coil inside curls a candy bar toward the front of the machine. The man notices the approaching figures further down the back street and frowns. He turns back to the machine, waiting. The zombies draw closer, GROANING, and the man fidgets uncomfortably. The man begins WHIMPERING. The candy bar slowly shifts forward. The zombies are close enough to touch. The man YELLS and runs away, leaving the candy bar to drop to the machine's trough with a CLANG. A beat then, still SCREAMING, the man runs back to the machine, grabs his candy, then runs away again. The Undead emerge onto Main Street, and slow down as they take in their surroundings. VARIOUS ANGLES ON the garish town center nightlife intercut with CLOSE-UPS of the wide-eyed zombies. -Two teenage girls in mini-skirts walk along the curb. A pickup truck crawls by, driven by red necks who wolf- whistle and gesture rudely. The girls GIGGLE. -In the nearby "GOBBLER'S" parking lot, a huge woman sits in her vehicle cramming a burger into her mouth. As she bites down ketchup spatters across the inside of the windscreen like arterial spray. -A corpse stands agog before a billboard. The poster is for a line of "Lady Luck" lingerie and features a buxom woman in her underwear draped over a roulette wheel. The tagline is "FANCY YOUR CHANCES?" The corpse's one eye pops out of its socket and dangles by its optic nerve. -Outside the Bar Gento, LOUD MUSIC and raucous revelry blare out into the street. ParaNorman 58.
69) 0) text: The disembodied Judge's arm skitters along a secluded street, eventually coming upon the rest of the Dead Judge, sitting in the gutter trying to arrange and re- attach his body parts in the right places. ParaNorman 59.
70) 1) dialog: Hurry! This way! Norman leads the way, but stops dead as they run headlong into a scene of zombie invasion mayhem. Townsfolk fill the streets, SHOUTING and acting generally mob-like. One or two of them have even got hold of burning torches from somewhere. It's apocalyptic chaos. The fat woman from the Drive-Thru runs past SCREAMING, her face and T-shirt covered in blood-red ketchup.
70) 3) dialog: C'mon! They skirt around the edge of Main Street, avoiding flying bottles and limbs as best they can. Following the noise, the Judge staggers along some way behind. He surveys the scene as he emerges, his featureless face doing a nevertheless effective job of expressing horrified shock. After a moment, he comes to his senses, and spies the kids in the distance. A look of resolve crosses his face, turning quickly to surprise as a SHOT rings out nearby. The Judge looks down to a large hole blown through his midriff. Framed within it is Crystal, several feet away, rifle smoking. He looks up again, weighs up his chances, then lets out a ROAR of retreat to his beleaguered companions before running off into the shadows. Those zombies who haven't already tried to run for cover manage to extricate themselves from the frenzy and follow the Judge's CRY, some of them breaking into a sprint.
71) 0) text: Formerly the district courthouse, the Town Hall has now been relegated to storing the local archives. ParaNorman 60.
71) 2) dialog: Is everyone alright? Nobody got bitten? Neil flops down heavily against the statue, panting and holding his mouth.
71) 5) dialog: Does anyone know how to pick a lock? Everyone immediately looks at Alvin.
72) 0) text: The kids hurry through the door. The lobby is dark, but moonlight glistens off polished wood through a lofty circular window. Norman shouts out from the other side of the lobby, where he stands beside a door labelled "HALL OF RECORDS"..
72) 1) dialog: This is it! ParaNorman 61.
72) 4) dialog: Now we can find out where the witch was buried! Norman pushes his shoulder against the door and steps inside.
73) 0) text: The door swings open and reveals a labyrinth of shelves and glass cabinets stretching out into the shadows in front of him. Row after row of dusty cardboard file boxes and ledgers stacked one on top of another. Norman stops in his tracks, color draining from his face.
73) 1) dialog: Uh-oh. Courtney follows, faking enthusiasm.
73) 8) dialog: Come on! No, that's not it. Time is running out!
76) 0) text: Perry brakes hard just a few feet in front of the advancing mob, moving menacingly en masse in pursuit of the fleeing Undead. Hooper bustles out of the car, making a beeline for Deputy Dwayne. Crystal turns and fires into the street, taking out a lightbulb over a store sign. A dog somewhere in the shadows YELPS and runs away. ParaNorman 63.
79) 0) text: Dozens of books and cardboard boxes lie scattered across the floor. The glass cabinets around the room have been ransacked as the kids drag documents off shelves and rummage through binders. Norman sits on the floor flipping through sheet after sheet of records. Courtney wades through documents toward him, holding up a fist full of old rolled-up papers.
79) 4) dialog: If I'd known there was so much reading involved, I would have brought a completely different group of people who hate me. Neil suddenly YELLS out victoriously. Everyone turns to him, hardly believing he might have found the answer. He waves a book triumphantly above his head and grins at everyone.
82) 0) text: The kids start to hurry toward the lobby, leaving Norman sitting amongst the spilled documents.
82) 2) dialog: Guys, come on!
82) 4) dialog: We have to keep trying! ParaNorman 66.
82) 8) dialog: You never listen! No one ever listens! I'm scared too, but I've still gotta do this.
82) 10) dialog: I should've known you wouldn't understand! No one ever does!
82) 12) dialog: Everyone in the real world thinks I'm a freak! And you know what, maybe they're right, maybe I am a freak! But I never asked for your help... just go! Get out! Courtney, Mitch and Alvin back off a half step as Norman advances on them.
86) 0) text: Norman notices his backpack on the floor in front of him, the book of fairy tales poking out. He picks it up and runs his hand absently over the embossed leather cover. ParaNorman 68.
86) 2) dialog: Hello? He turns around to face his friend and finds himself staring up at a zombie, moving toward him along the dark aisle, pale moonlight shining off its exposed bones. Norman GASPS. He realizes zombies are converging on him from all directions, barring his way out through the door. The Dead Judge GROANS as he approaches. Norman backs away, clutching the book to his chest. Out of the corner of his eye Norman spots another doorway in the shadows of the wall behind him and moves toward it, calling out desperately.
86) 3) dialog: Help! Somebody help me!
87) 0) text: Norman runs up a tight stairwell leading to the roof of the building, the zombies just a few steps beneath him.
89) 0) text: The kids manage to pull back just as a burning bottle flies over their heads, SHATTERING glass. It lands in the middle of the room and a puddle of burning alcohol spreads across the floorboards. Tendrils of black smoke are also beginning to creep under the edge of the front door. The kids stand in a group, terror-stricken as the smoke thickens and flames begin to lick along the floor. Courtney is quick to lose what remains of her composure. ParaNorman 69.
90) 0) text: Norman heaves himself through a tiny hatchway onto a flat roof at the highest point of the building. He shuts the hatch, inching away as the zombies beneath beat on it with their hands. Norman finds himself backed up against a flimsy wooden rail, which CREAKS warningly. He leans over and sees the square beneath, filled with angry people. He has nowhere left to run. Above him the red sky RUMBLES, clouds churning into a ghastly grinning mouth.
92) 0) text: Distraught, Norman bellows into the sky, waving the book angrily above his head.
92) 1) dialog: You horrible old witch! Is this what you want? The roiling face above him seems to CACKLE mercilessly.
93) 0) text: The mob begins to lurch to all new stupid conclusions as Norman waves his arms at the clouds.
94) 0) text: Norman continues YELLING at the sky, waving the book. He madly flicks through the pages, attempting to read aloud over the ROARING wind.
94) 1) dialog: Once upon a time in a far-off land there lived a king and queen... in a magnificent castle... The horrible cloud face above him CACKLES monstrously, drowning out the story.
94) 2) dialog: Why won't you listen to me? Why are you doing this?! The face in the clouds turns inside out as a tongue of lightning spits out. It SMACKS into the book held in front of Norman's chest, lifts him up off his feet and throws him back onto the old timbers of the roof. The air is knocked out of Norman as, trailing smoke, he SMASHES through the wood into the fiery chasm of the building beneath. ParaNorman 71.
95) 0) text: Norman lies on the floor, shifting painfully. With some effort he sits up, rubbing his head. The book in his hand is now a blackened cinder with a large smoldering hole gouged through the middle. Norman realizes he is no longer inside the burning building. Around him indistinct shapes begin to pool into clarity. He is in the courthouse, but three hundred years ago, and a trial is about to begin. A crowd of onlookers gather around a platform at the head of the room where officious-looking gentlemen in austere Puritan clothing stand around a table. Two dour men in black skull caps are seated, an empty chair between them. Norman moves unnoticed through the crowd toward the platform. The hubbub of the townsfolk dies down. The imposing figure of Judge Hopkins, tall and august, marches out of a side chamber, steps up onto the wooden dais and seats himself silently between his solemn peers. He glares down at Norman with cold, humorless eyes.
95) 6) dialog: No! A young farmhand bows his head shamefully, as he adds further ammunition to the prosecution.
95) 16) dialog: Wait! No! You can't do this! The grim-faced Sheriff moves toward Norman and Aggie. She backs away, tears flowing down her face.
96) 0) text: NORMAN'S P.O.V. - the high timbers of the hall roof swim into focus, and then faces peering down at him. Skeletal, rotting faces. The dead Puritans are standing around him in a half-circle. He sits up terrified, and looks around, shuffling back across the floorboards on his bottom. The dead villagers stand where they are, staring intently. Norman sits a moment, heart pounding, WHISPERING SHAKILY.
96) 1) dialog: How could you?! She was just a little kid! She was no different than me! The Dead Judge takes a step forward.
96) 2) dialog: Keep away from me! The Dead Judge stops, then opens his horrible mouth and speaks in a guttural voice. ParaNorman 74.
96) 5) dialog: What? You don't want to kill me? The Judge shakes his head and points down at the book beside Norman's feet.
96) 7) dialog: But it didn't work! It's a fairy tale! Just a bedtime... story... He narrows his eyes at the Judge.
96) 8) dialog: That's it, isn't it? A bedtime story to keep a little girl asleep for another year. And now you need my help because I'm the only one who can read it to her! He bends down to pick it up. His eyes flash angrily at the zombies and he hurls the burnt book at the Judge. It hits him in the chest and falls to his feet with a THUD.
96) 9) dialog: Here's your book! Try reading it yourself! The zombies stare down at the blackened lump of charred paper, and several of them GASP. The Dead Judge's eyes are filled with fear and desperation.
96) 10) dialog: Why did you do it?
96) 12) dialog: Of what?
96) 19) dialog: Every year someone reads the story at her grave. Before me it was Mr Prenderghast, and before him there were others, but the curse doesn't ever go away. Nothing gets better. It's not enough. Norman looks at it a moment, thinking. He knows what he has to do.
96) 21) dialog: Something nobody ever did before. I've gotta go talk to her.
97) 6) dialog: Come on! This way!
98) 3) dialog: Wait! Courtney and the other kids GASP as they watch from within the doorway.
98) 6) dialog: No! I won't! Sandra comes up behind her husband and holds his arm.
98) 9) dialog: No! You don't understand what's happening here! I spoke to them and it's not what you think! Courtney edges forward out of the doorway, shocked but transfixed.
98) 10) dialog: The curse isn't about the zombies hurting you! It's about you hurting them! I figured it out, and I know a way to stop this!
98) 17) dialog: Listen to me!
98) 27) dialog: No, does it look like any of them are trying to hurt you? They're just people. At least they used to be. Just stupid people who should have known better. Norman looks at the line of Puritans. They look quite sad and pathetic really. Hardly monstrous at all.
98) 28) dialog: They did something unforgivable because they were scared, and they were cursed for it. Now it's happening all over again. Don't you get it? They were just like you. But now it has to stop. For good. Across the crowd, weapons are being lowered and faces are starting to look a little guilty. There is silence as the modern townsfolk stare at the line of three hundred year-old townsfolk. Throughout the crowd various weapons CLATTER as they hit the ground. A small girl tiptoes up the steps and silently offers one of the zombies his arm back. The quiet is shattered by a deafening SCREAM. It blows out of the storm clouds and whips through the plaza on a hellish wind. The street lamps around the square shatter in bursts of sparks, raining down on the amassed people. The sky above is blood red, clouds twisting and contorting into a vast unnatural vortex. The Town Hall erupts in a fireball, tongues of white fire ROARING out of the embers as the ground shakes and the crowd scatters in terror. Neil turns to Norman as they duck for cover behind a parked car, and SHOUTS over the noise of the wind.
98) 33) dialog: I... I really don't know...
98) 35) dialog: But...
98) 37) dialog: I thought we did.
98) 39) dialog: Dad, could I borrow the car?
99) 0) text: The Dead Judge sits rigidly between Norman and Courtney in the back of Perry's station wagon, Perry and Sandra in the front. Perry drives in silent discomfort following the Judge's instructions through town, glancing in his rear-view mirror at the passengers in the back seat. Sandra takes a small perfume spritzer from her purse as surreptitiously as she can and sprays the air around her.
100) 5) dialog: She wants you to move over. The Judge MUMBLES.
100) 7) dialog: Can you quit using the "z" word?
100) 10) dialog: He says "take a left here". Perry gives a distasteful look, but turns the steering wheel. He peers out through the raging storm, windscreen wiper batting ineffectively at the onslaught of debris.
100) 20) dialog: Turn down there!
102) 0) text: The headlights of the car illuminate a huge fallen trunk ahead along the path, and Perry pulls the car to a stop, wheels CRUNCHING on dirt and roots. Everyone gets out of the car. The trees around them are thick and dense. Aggie's furious storm WHISTLES through the branches far above them. Norman turns to the Dead Judge. The Judge nods solemnly, pointing ahead. Norman steels himself and begins to march forward through the thick brambles, the others following behind.
102) 2) dialog: Someone's gotta talk to her, Dad.
102) 5) dialog: Mom!
103) 0) text: Exhausted but determined, Norman finds the source of the supernatural storm; a clearing sculpted out of the forest by Aggie's fury. In the center of it all is the tree, bleached white as bone and grotesquely twisted. The trees around it CREAK and GROAN as though they'd like to uproot and plant themselves someplace else. Beneath this tree lie Aggie's remains, buried three hundred years ago. Now a mess of roots and rocks open out like an ugly wound, and within them a tiny childlike figure is barely visible through a spitting furnace of spectral energy. Ectoplasm rages up around the tree's finger-like branches like a mushroom cloud of negative energy. It's a child's tantrum turned atomic.
103) 1) dialog: Hello? Words echo around him in response.
103) 3) dialog: Uh... I really need to speak with you.
103) 5) dialog: I'm Norman. Norman Babcock. You don't actually know me, but I know you. We're actually kind of the same, you and I. Norman takes another step closer, ducking as petrified branches and rocks fly over his head on the wind. ParaNorman 85.
103) 8) dialog: Well, no, apart from that.
103) 10) dialog: Well, yes, that too.
103) 12) dialog: Well, I know how you feel?
103) 14) dialog: I know your name is Agatha Prenderghast. The ghostly voice wavers for the first time.
103) 16) dialog: And I know you're probably tired. Right? Because, I mean, it's really late and it's been a long night and we're, like, only eleven years-old, and... The voice snaps back like a clap of thunder.
103) 18) dialog: No. I'm not leaving. Just listen to me. (takes a breath) Uh... once upon a time... long ago... there was a little girl... ParaNorman 86.
103) 21) dialog: A little girl who was different from the other people in her village. The voice chants petulantly over him as if putting its demonic fingers in its ears.
103) 24) dialog: She could see and do things that no one could understand, and that made them scared of her.
103) 26) dialog: She turned away from everyone, and became sad and lonely, and had no one to turn to.
103) 28) dialog: But the more she turned away from people, the more scared they were of her, and they did something terrible! Arcs of white energy CRACKLE through the air. Where they hit the ground, they send up white flames.
103) 29) dialog: They became so scared that they took her away and killed her!
103) 31) dialog: But even though she was dead something in her came back.
103) 34) dialog: And this part of her wouldn't go away, not for three hundred years...
103) 36) dialog: And the longer it stayed, the less there was of the little girl!
103) 38) dialog: Why? Aggie goes to shout, but stops, unsure of her answer.
103) 40) dialog: Because you want everyone to hurt just as much as you are! So whenever you wake up you play this mean game, but you don't play fair!
103) 42) dialog: So you hurt them back?
103) 44) dialog: You're just like them, Agatha.
103) 46) dialog: You're a bully.
103) 48) dialog: They did something awful, but that doesn't mean you should too!
103) 51) dialog: All that's left of you now is mean and horrible! He sees her clearly now. True, she is floating above the ground, and her hair is writhing madly about her, and plumes of spectral fire are pouring off her body, but she's still just a little girl underneath.
103) 53) dialog: Then stop. This is wrong and you know it! You've spent so long remembering the bad people that you've forgotten the good ones. There must have been someone who loved you and cared for you. You don't remember them?
103) 55) dialog: But you're not alone! You have to remember!
103) 57) dialog: Remember! There is a flash of white, and silence.
104) 0) text: Dappled sunlight falls through shimmering leaves and blossoms. Norman and Aggie are standing in thick grass, replete with wild flowers, the dead white tree now quite alive and blossoming behind them. Aggie is no longer an indistinct specter, but flesh and blood and as real as Norman. She stares down at her hand as Norman holds it gently by the end of her finger.
104) 5) dialog: Sometimes when people get scared they say and do terrible things. I think you got so scared, that you forgot who you are. But I don't think you're a witch. Not really. Aggie looks into his eyes.
104) 7) dialog: I think you're just a little kid with a really special gift who only ever wanted people to understand her. He smiles softly.
104) 8) dialog: So we're not all that different at all.
104) 10) dialog: Well, yeah, but what good would that do? You think just because there's bad people out there that there's no good ones either? I thought the same thing.
104) 13) dialog: For a while. But there's always someone out there for you. Somewhere. Aggie frowns, looking lost.
104) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, Aggie. She's gone.
104) 17) dialog: I think that's up to you. Aggie blinks through tears at the grass beneath her feet.
104) 19) dialog: It's a pretty good place to sleep. Then you can be with your mom again. Aggie holds Norman's gaze, then looks down to the ground, her tiny frame heaving with a last SOB. She sits down on the grass and curls up, resting her head on her hands. Norman kneels down next to her as she closes her eyes. Her breathing grows deeper and more peaceful; her tiny frame shifting softly under her long hair. The air around them grows blurry and indistinct. Aggie softens as though out of focus, and the whole world becomes a swirling dance of glowing orbs. Norman closes his eyes as a blizzard of light engulfs him, spiraling up into the clouds high above his head. Lightning flashes white far above and thunder RUMBLES softly through the sky, as if moving away.
105) 0) text: The zombies form a group in the center of the square, all of them looking up into the clouds. The people around them stop and stare, awestruck as a breeze buffets their clothes and the air around them begins to shimmer. As the modern townsfolk watch on, some of the zombies take each others' arms for support. Those with eyelids close them. One by one their bodies dissolve away, leaving ethereal figures in their place. ParaNorman 91.
106) 0) text: Norman blinks open his eyes, taking a moment to survey the scene around him. He sits upon the upturned root of the tree, the earth around broken and twisted, a testament to what has happened. He looks up into the sky and gives a sad smile.
106) 1) dialog: Sleep tight. He clambers down through the roots back toward the path.
107) 0) text: Norman wearily walks through the splintered roots to find his family. Sandra shouts out when she sees him.
107) 3) dialog: Mom, you're embarrassing me.
108) 0) text: The sky has lost its lurid pall, and the clouds are now lighter and less menacing. In the Town Square, clusters of townsfolk are trying to come to terms with the night's events. Norman weaves through the crowd away from the Babcock's station wagon, searching for Neil. He hears small snippets of conversation as he goes. Dwayne waves his notebook under Hooper's nose.
108) 9) dialog: Hey Neil. He climbs up beside his friend, who beams at him gleefully.
108) 11) dialog: I guess. I just wanted to say thanks. You stood by me. All the time.
108) 13) dialog: As normal as it could be.
109) 0) text: Norman sits on the floor in front of the TV. A news report shows the wrecked Main Street with the headline "TOURIST TOWN HIT BY MYSTERY TORNADO". Perry enters the room, and Norman quickly changes the channel on the TV to a noisy monster movie. ParaNorman 94.
109) 3) dialog: Hi Dad.
109) 5) dialog: A scary movie.