2) 0) text: Norman's mother, SANDRA BABCOCK, is emptying the dishwasher. She is in her late thirties, and wears `mom' clothes that do no favors for her figure. His father, PERRY BABCOCK, is older, with a neatly-trimmed beard trying hard to delineate chin from neck. He stands on a chair, decked out in tool belt and safety goggles, even though he's only changing a light bulb in a ceiling fixture. Sandra smiles at her son as he makes his way silently to an overstuffed trash can as tall as he is.
2) 4) dialog: Can't you be like other kids your age and pitch a tent in the yard, or have a healthy interest in carpentry?
2) 15) dialog: How many times do we have to go through this, Son? Your grandmother is dead!
2) 17) dialog: Then why do you keep on talking to her?
2) 29) dialog: Your grandmother was old and sick, and she died. That's all there is to it!
2) 32) dialog: Stop indulging him! I'm nothing if I'm not liberal, but that limp- wristed, hippie garbage needs to be nipped in the bud! Norman SIGHS and steps between his parents as they argue. He mutely heads out of the room.
4) 1) dialog: This isn't the West Coast, Sandra; people talk! They do!
20) 1) dialog: Great, now we'll never get to remember this moment. ANGLE ON STAGE as Salma, in full witch get-up, waves her hands theatrically at the other children.
22) 5) dialog: 
23) 1) dialog: This is where it stops! It's one thing being a mental case in front of your family, but not the whole freaking town! There's not gonna be any more talking to ghosts, or grandmas, or, or... what is it now?
23) 3) dialog: You're grounded! You hear me? Perry pulls the car up in the Babcock's drive and gruffly climbs out of the car.
23) 5) dialog: Funny, neither did we. Norman catches the remark and feels it hard in his gut. His mother hears it too, and leans over her seat with a look of sympathy. A beat as she sees the pain in her son's face.
28) 1) dialog: I really don't think we should be leaving him.
28) 4) dialog: He's probably up there right now fiddling with his ouija, or his orbs, or whatever it is he's got up there. This is not good.
60) 2) dialog: I don't want to.
61) 2) dialog: I have no idea what you're talking about. Seriously, where did you learn that?
64) 1) dialog: Delinquent drivers! Where are the police when you need them? Hooper's bike hurtles through the air and bounces off the hood of the station wagon with a CRUNCH. Before Perry can react he is buried under the mass of Sheriff Hooper, dropping like a meteorite onto his head.
91) 2) dialog: Of course not! He is interrupted by a SHOUT as someone sees Norman's tiny figure silhouetted against the raging sky on the roof of the building.
91) 5) dialog: Norman! Get down from there this instant! You're supposed to be grounded! ParaNorman 70.
98) 5) dialog: Son! Step away from the zombies!
98) 8) dialog: I'll come back and haunt Norman! Maybe then he'll start listening to me!
98) 40) dialog: Excuse me? ParaNorman 81.
100) 8) dialog: So help me I will stop this car right now if all three of you don't quit it this instant! ParaNorman 82.
100) 11) dialog: We've already been this way. We're going around in circles!
100) 13) dialog: Oh, right, you think maybe we should stop at a graveyard and dig up some other eighteenth-century corpses?
100) 15) dialog: I wish I understood you.
100) 19) dialog: Please don't tell me he needs to use the bathroom. Norman listens as the Judge continues GRUMBLING, then leans forward over his father's seat, pointing.
102) 1) dialog: So, why are we here?
102) 3) dialog: Yeah, um, why's that person you, exactly? As they continue, the surrounding trees press in on them, just like in Norman's vision. Branches and thorns lash at their faces while thick roots entangle their feet. Norman's family are falling behind and realize too late that the encroaching trees are about to crush Norman.
102) 7) dialog: I'm trying!
107) 6) dialog: Well done, Son. You did it. The Judge, stood some way behind them, lets out a GROAN, and the Babcocks turn to look at him. ParaNorman 92.
109) 2) dialog: Son.
109) 4) dialog: What're you watching?
109) 6) dialog: Your, uh, your grandma here is she? Norman looks around and sees his father and grandmother sitting side by side on the sofa. He nods.