9) 0) text: Its industrial days now rusted behind it, Blithe Hollow has become a run-down tourist town, celebrating its heritage with lame fetes and crass knick-knacks. A massive billboard beside the main square reads "BLITHE HOLLOW - A GREAT PLACE TO HANG!" illustrated by a group of waving Puritans beside an equally cheerful witch hanging from a gallows. Across the street a huge banner suggests this year is particularly important for the town; "BLITHE HOLLOW - 300 BEWITCHIN' YEARS!" The town center is lacking in charm; its historical buildings subsumed into a vulgar modern thoroughfare with gaudy witch-themed shop fronts and cracked sidewalks. Everywhere Norman walks, the witch theme is prevalent. Cars have bumper stickers that extol such witticisms as "MY OTHER CAR IS A BROOM". There's a dingy bar, the BAR GENTO, and a greeting card store called BEST WITCHES. Norman hurries past SHERIFF HOOPER, a heavyset black woman, and DEPUTY DWAYNE, lanky and awkward and looking like he'd rather be elsewhere.
9) 1) dialog: Watch and learn. "Parking violation" is my middle name.
49) 0) text: Further down the hill, Sheriff Hooper is taking a break from ticketing borderline traffic violations by drinking a giant malt shake in a plastic cup. She leans against her parked motorcycle, squinting up at the unnatural clouds.
49) 1) dialog: Pesky kids with their cell phones burning up the oh-zone, that's what this is! She finishes her shake and throws the non-recyclable cup into the bushes. Mitch's van shoots past at high speed in a cloud of dust.
51) 18) dialog: Pull over the vehicle! The Dead Judge leans further into the van, Neil hanging off him like a pendulum.
74) 0) text: Sheriff Hooper looks around and sees an awful lot of armed people beginning to bay for blood, and she sees trouble on her hands.
75) 0) text: Perry drives into town in silence, his nose bloodied and stuffed with tissues. Sandra sits beside him and Sheriff Hooper is in the back seat, scouring the streets.
75) 1) dialog: Would've been a quiet night too, if it hadn't been for those meddling kids. Huh! As Perry and Sandra exchange uneasy glances, Hooper suddenly points through the windshield to the riot in progress on Main Street.
76) 2) dialog: What do you think you're doing, firing at civilians? That is for the police to do!
78) 1) dialog: Move along now people, there isn't anything to see here! The townsfolk around her refuse to be allayed by this. Perry and Sandra have emerged dubiously out of their car and watch from the periphery, utterly bewildered. Mrs Henscher, newly arrived and wearing her avocado face mask like war paint, shakes her shotgun and points down the street.
98) 1) dialog: You stay right where you are! You may be dead already, but I will still shoot you! ParaNorman 77.