68) 0) text: The town center retains even less charm when the sun goes down, and its remaining denizens are now drunk, high or looking for trouble. Provided one requires alcohol, junk food or pharmaceuticals, it's the place to be. A ruddy-faced drunk, SLOB GUY, inserts a few coins in a vending machine at the end of an alley, and waits as the metal coil inside curls a candy bar toward the front of the machine. The man notices the approaching figures further down the back street and frowns. He turns back to the machine, waiting. The zombies draw closer, GROANING, and the man fidgets uncomfortably. The man begins WHIMPERING. The candy bar slowly shifts forward. The zombies are close enough to touch. The man YELLS and runs away, leaving the candy bar to drop to the machine's trough with a CLANG. A beat then, still SCREAMING, the man runs back to the machine, grabs his candy, then runs away again. The Undead emerge onto Main Street, and slow down as they take in their surroundings. VARIOUS ANGLES ON the garish town center nightlife intercut with CLOSE-UPS of the wide-eyed zombies. -Two teenage girls in mini-skirts walk along the curb. A pickup truck crawls by, driven by red necks who wolf- whistle and gesture rudely. The girls GIGGLE. -In the nearby "GOBBLER'S" parking lot, a huge woman sits in her vehicle cramming a burger into her mouth. As she bites down ketchup spatters across the inside of the windscreen like arterial spray. -A corpse stands agog before a billboard. The poster is for a line of "Lady Luck" lingerie and features a buxom woman in her underwear draped over a roulette wheel. The tagline is "FANCY YOUR CHANCES?" The corpse's one eye pops out of its socket and dangles by its optic nerve. -Outside the Bar Gento, LOUD MUSIC and raucous revelry blare out into the street. ParaNorman 58.
68) 2) dialog: See! I told you! Zombies! It's the witch's curse! Everyone in the street freezes in place, wide-eyed. Someone GASPS.
74) 1) dialog: Ain't room for no more zombies in this town! Standing behind him, Teddy agrees with a slack-jawed MOAN.
84) 0) text: Slob Guy reaches in through a gap in the broken woodwork, managing to grab a hold of something.
84) 1) dialog: They're in there alright! I can feel its clammy flesh!
85) 0) text: Neil SCREAMS as Slob Guy gropes at his chubby arm.
108) 4) dialog: Yeah, it was the others. They pushed me into it. Norman smiles as he passes Alvin, regaling a bunch of teenagers.