9) 74) text: —_ 37 O’Connell and Ardeth Bey both SCREAM, whip their guns aro and back up against a glass case. Another mummy SLAPS it' face up against. the glass behind them. O’Connell and Ard Bey quickly back away as all the mummies in the room squi and writhe inside their cases, trying in vain to break ou INT. BRITISH MUSEUM BASEMENT WAREHOUSE — NIGHT The CHANTING and READING of the Book reaches a CRESCENDO. LIGHTNING flashes across Imhotep’s petrified corpse, whic STARTS TO COME ALIVE. His petrified tissue begins to anim His tattered flesh and rotted bones begin to move. The High Priest and Lock-Nah are thrilled. Evy is horrifi Imhotep’s rotted corpse steps free of the rock. The Pries STOP CHANTING and prostrate themselves before him. Imhote looks around with hideous empty eye sockets, they suddenl fix onto something. Evy turns to see what it is. It's Meela, striding down a corridor. THE SCREEN FLASHES. Meela is now striding through Pharaoh's palace wearing li but paint from head to toe, --gshe's really ANCK-SUNBMUN. Anck steps up to IMHOTEP, who looks more muscular and handsome than ever. He looks into her luscious eyes.
9) 75) dialog: Anck-sunamun. THE SCREEN FLASHES. And Meela is standing in front of Imhotep’s living corpse. The High Priest looks at her.
9) 78) dialog: (ancient Egyptian ~— subtitled) Only in body. But soon-- Imhotep’s fetid lips and rotted cheeks almost form a smil oo™ 38
9) 79) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) I shall. bring your mind and soul back from the depths of the underworld. UP ON A CATWALK: O’Connell and Ardeth Bey stare down on t surreal tableau. O’Connell just shakes his head.
9) 89) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Her! LIGHTNING FLASHES across Evy, struggling on the sarcophag lid, she sees them looking at her. Meela grins, cat-like.
9) 92) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) The underworld awaits you. Evy is carried up to the sarcophagus. She YELLS at Imhote wai 11 me You +1 1°11 put you in y grave agsini : The High Priest steps up and gives Evy a creepy grin. " ‘HIGH PRIEST Our thinking was: not if we put you in your grave first. Evy looks down at the squirming scarabs. Imhotep YELLS:
9) 93) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Kill hert
9) 99) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Rise ye my servants! O'Connell and Evy start racing up a staircase. oN 41 Imhotep continues his chant over the urn.
9) 100) dialog: {ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Collect your bones, gather your limbs, shake the earth from your flesh! Your Master is here! Imhotep RIPS the lid off the black urn, --A MASS OF SAND EXPLODES OUT OF IT and FORMS INTO FOUR SOLDIER MUMMIES. O’Connell, Evy and Ardeth Bey meet at the top of the staircase, they look down and see the Soldier Mummies. O’ CONNELL Not these guys again. Imhotep points to our heroes, then looks at the Soldier Mummies and utters those famous words:
9) 101) dialog: E-heeby-uut Set-na! O'Connell yanks Evy out the door. Ardeth Bey is right beh The Soldier Mummies hunker into attack position and SCREE
12) 15) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Now I shall go to Ahm Shere and kill the Scorpion King. He turns to Meela, who is looking sexy as hell.
12) 16) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) And we shall rule the world together. Meela smiles. In the background, the High Priest nervousl urges her on.
12) 18) text: Meela stays him with a glance, then looks at Imhotep and steels herself.
12) 20) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) I do not need the Scepter of Osiris. His face hardens in anger and he gives her a bitter smile
12) 21) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) When they cursed me, they made me stronger than their gods! Then he leans in to kiss her. His ugly corpse face fright her. She starts to lean back. THE SCREEN FLASHES. They ar now face-to-face in Pharaoh's palace. Handsome Imhotep an beautiful Anck-su-namum. Anck looks around, surprised to there. Imhotep continues to lean in for his kiss. Anck gr at the handsome man, then kisses him hard and closes her eyes. THE SCREEN FLASHES. Imhotep’s rotted face and fetid lips are now kissing Meela’s smooth skin and full lips. It's a good thing her eyes are closed. Imhotep's face ROTS AWAY just a little bit more. EXT. TOWER BRIDGE — NIGHT O’Connell and Evy stare out over the Thames to where the truck vanished, looking stricken. Ardeth Bey steps up.
13) 18) dialog: Keetash issirian ibn it is you who are the chosen one, you who will take me to Ahm Shere. Alex blinks, then shakes his head, a bit disconcerted. Th he stops himself from trembling and tries to be brave.
13) 21) text: Imhotep’s sinewy face forms a horrific semi-smile.
13) 22) dialog: You have strength little one, you are your father’s son. Lock-Nah is staring at Alex and Imhotep, to him, they are BOTH i
13) 23) dialog: But I know something you don’t. Imhotep grabs the bracelet on Alex’s wrist. Alex is terrified.
13) 24) dialog: This bracelet is a gift anda curse. The sands of time have already begun to pour against you. Imhotep reaches over and flips a large HOURGLASS filled w black sand. The sand begins to pour.
13) 25) dialog: From the moment the bracelet takes hold of your wrist, seven days do you have to enter the pyramid of Ahm Shere, and then.. Imhotep stares at the bracelet. Alex stares at Imhotep.
13) 27) dialog: And then it will suck the life out of you.
13) 29) dialog: Then I think it would be best if we did not become lost. Alex slowly grits his teeth and gives Imhotep a hard star
13) 31) text: VOICES are heard coming from outside. Imhotep spins aroun and heads back to the altar. Lock-Nah quickly grabs Alex pulls him out the front door. Meela enters through the re door, ushering Red, Spivey, Abdul, and Muhammed inside.
16) 18) dialog: Tch, tch, tch. EXT. BLIMP — DAY The blimp floats high over the Nile, backlit by another gorgeous SUNSET. O’Connell and Ardeth Bey are busy lockin and loading, preparing for battle.
16) 23) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) It is time to remind you of who you are. He passes his hand over the fog, it begins to part, revea not a pool, but a VISION OF ANCIENT EGYPT: PHARAOH’S PALA
16) 24) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) And of who we are together. The SCREEN FLASHES and we find ourselves in ancient times INT. PHARAOH'S PALACE — DAY Two Egyptian Princesses, their faces hidden by ornate gol MASKS, are engaged-in-hand-to-hand combat, these are the two Princesses depicted in the hieroglyphs at the beginni of the movie. Imhotep and PHARAOH watch, greatly amused.
17) 1) text: CUT TO FOOTAGE FROM THE FIRST MOVIE: Anck glides up to Imhotep, standing in the bedroom. She passes her hand ove his face in her special way and they start to KISS. Nefertiri looks away, furious, trying to decide what to d Then she looks back across the courtyard and sees Pharaoh entering the bedroom. Anck now stands alone. CUT TO FOOTAGE FROM FIRST MOVIE: Pharaoh strides up to An and accuses her. Anck’s eyes flicker over his shoulder. Pharaoh turns around. It’s Imhotep. He grabs Pharaoh’s sw Nefertiri starts to panic, she quickly looks around and s some Medjai bodyguards in the courtyard. She points to th bedroom amd YELLS:
17) 4) text: Imhotep is dragged away by his priests. Anck spins around the Medjai enter. the room. She curses them and STABS HER INT. KARNAC TEMPLE POOL — DAY Meela CRIES OUT, her eyes snap open and go blank, as if s just died from shock. Imhotep is now reading from the bla Book Of The Dead. Suddenly, Anck’s BOG SPIRIT rises up ou pool and gloms onto Meela’s face and body. The bog spirit sucks itself right into her. Anck awakens and looks at Imhotep. He looks back at her, lovingly.
17) 5) dialog: Anck-sunamun. Anck stares at him, and then her face softens and she smi
17) 7) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Our love has lasted longer than the temples of our gods. Anck passes her hand over his face in her special way, an then they embrace and kiss passionately. EXT. BLIMP — NIGHT Izzy sits up in the cockpit, gliding the blimp through th clouds. O’Connell, Evy, Jonathan and Ardeth Bey sit aroun a warm, glowing barrel of fire. EvY ~80 I was Princess Nefertiri?
19) 0) text: The train sits idle by the side of the great temple as O'Connell stealthily moves through the ruins, guns up. He stops and signals Ardeth Bey, who nods and dashes across sand and up to the train. Ardeth Bey sticks his gun into parlor car. It’s empty. O’Connell throws open the door to Imhotep’s boxcar. It's also empty. --The last bit of sand Grains out of the top of the HOURGLASS. O’Connell is crus
19) 13) dialog: You-.are-very clever, little one. I hope your mother and father enjoyed their journey. Imhotep turns and wades out into the Nile. He starts to his arms. A MASSIVE WALL OF WATER RISES UP OUT OF THE RIV
20) 30) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Do with him as you please. Lock-Nah grins, then turns his horse and starts riding ba down the moving caravan, heading for Alex. Alex’s eyes wi He tries to back away, but is pushed forward. Then sudden for no reason, Lock-Nah‘s horse STOPS and starts BUCKING WHINNYING WILDLY. The High Priest’s horse does the same. whole caravan is forced to come to a stop. The two men pr at their spooked horses and curse them in Arabic. A GENTLE BREEZE begins to blow through the jungle and swi around the caravan, accompanied by a creepy SOUND, like a eerie wind whistling through dry bones. Imhotep knows wha coming. He YELLS a command to the men carrying him. They him and Anck down. One of the black turbaned men sees something lying agains a tree, almost molded into it. He slowly approaches. It’s hideous PYGMY CORPSE. Branches and vines have grown throu it’s bones, which are bleached a ghostly white. The man l in for a closer look at the gruesome thing. It’s crusty eyelids suddenly SNAP OPEN. The Man SCREAMS. It has no ey It HISSES through rotted teeth and STABS him in the chest with a small spear. The Man SCREAMS LOUDER and dies. EXT. JUNGLE — NIGHT O'Connell and Ardeth Bey hear the SCREAM. And then the ge BREEZE starts to whistle around them. The two men look at each other. Eyes on fire. O'Connell hefts the two revolve in his hands and nods his head. Ardeth Bey lifts a machin gun in one hand and a sword in the other, and nods back. They both take off running through the jungle. Full bore. EXT. JUNGLE CLEARING — NIGHT As the BREEZE turns into a strong WIND, Lock-Nah and the Priest are THROWN from their horses. All the black turban men aim their guns into the foliage, their fear-filled ey sweeping the jungle. The creepy NOISE is getting louder a closer. :
21) 43) dialog: (ancient Egyptian - subtitied) ~but so are my powers.
21) 45) text: For the second time in his life, Imhotep looks vulnerable Anck just grins like the Chesire cat and carresses his fa
23) 3) dialog: (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) I must face the Scorpion King alone. c--- Anck nods, stares at him for a beat, then sets the Book o the Dead down, grabs his face and kisses him passionately EXT. PYRAMID — DAY Jonathan and Alex are kneeling next to Evy’s dead body. A is sobbing. Jonathan is devastated and hugging him tight.
25) 0) text: The Scorpion King suddenly and quite angrily scuttles up Imhotep. Imhotep backs away, then, thinking quick, he gra his scalp and RIPS the skin off the top of his decrepit skull. He kneels down and slaps his hideous dry skulicap.
25) 1) dialog: Mi Phat Ahs! Mi Phat Ahs! (subtitled) I am your disciple!
25) 2) text: The Scorpion King stops and stares down at him, then slow nods and turns and heads for O0’Connell. Imhotep lifts hi eyes, grinning evilly. He’s fooled him. O'Connell backs up into a pillar, terrified, then slaps h own head and tries to mimic Imhotep’s ancient Egyptian:
25) 11) text: Gimme that! From across the cavern, Imhotep sees the Scepter.
25) 12) dialog: {ancient Egyptian — subtitled) The Scepter Of Osiris! EXT. DUNES — DAY The massive horde of Anubis Warriors SHRIEK WILDLY and th start to stampede across the plain, heading right for the remaining Medjai. It’s going to be a very quick slaughter The Medjai look shocked and defeated. And then Ardeth Bey grits his teeth, clenches his sword a yells out a BATTLE CRY. The other Medjai look at him. A t warrior to the bitter end. This gives them courage. They clench their swords and join in his BATTLE CRY.
26) 0) text: The Scorpion King’s pincers and stingers SLASH and TEAR t way through the pillars and walls, trying to kill O'Conne Jonathan and Alex are deciphering the hieratic on the sce and futzing with the various indentations on the head of Imhotep CHARGES across the cavern, heading for Alex and Jonathan. Anck and Evy race in. They both skid to a stop they see the Scorpion King’s pincer SWAT O’Connell. Evy
26) 3) text: Jonathan twists the bottom of the Scepter, it SLIDES OPEN revealing a SHARP TIP. Alex grabs it and TELESCOPES it ou another four feet; =-now it looks just like a spear. Jona sees Imhotep coming. He snatches the spear away from Alex
26) 5) dialog: 
27) 0) text: The spear SPINS across the room like a propeller. O’Conne leaps up and grabs it out of the air. Hits the ground run and heaves the spear back at the Scorpion King. It NAILS right in the chest. With a terrifying SCREAM of pain and rage, the Scorpion King staggers back. Imhotep can't beli it, he runs towards the Scorpion King HOWLING in rage.
27) 1) dialog: 
27) 7) dialog: Anck-sunamun! (ancient Egyptian — subtitled) Help me! Anck stares at Imhotep. Evy stares at O’Connell. A minefi of deadly falling stalactites between them. Evy goes for Running like mad for the man she loves. Anck turns and ru off down a tunnel. Imhotep can’t believe his eyes.
27) 8) dialog: 
27) 11) text: Anck vanishes down the tunnel. Imhotep looks like his who world has just collapsed.
27) 12) dialog: Anck-sunamun?? He looks over and sees Evy dive up to the edge of the cre and grab O'Connell's arm. Evy helps yank O'Connell up and over the lip of the crevice to relative safety. O'Connell and Evy look at Imhotep, who is totally devasta He stares at them, A LONG BEAT, and almost smiles. Then h let's go of the crevice wail and FALLS FOR ETERNITY... INT. KEYROOM — DAY Anck dashes into the keyroom just as the far wall COLLAPS blocking her path, she sees that she’s standing at the ed of a moat FILLED WITH WRIGGLING SCORPIONS. Her eyes widen horror. She turns and starts to run back the way she came The room VIOLENTLY SHAKES. Anck loses her balance. Her ar flail wildly as she teeters on the edge of the scorpion filled moat, she has just long enough to realize the ramifications if she falls in, --and then she falls in. Anck SCREAMS and FLAILS wildly as the mass of scorpions envelop and STING her. She sinks into the mass of wriggli scorpions and, still SCREAMING, vanishes under them. INT. ENTRANCEWAY — DAY Inside the entranceway, BLACK VAPOR AND MASSIVE FOLIAGE a being SUCKED through every archway and down into a huge h in the middle of the chamber. Our heroes climb up out of a small hole in the floor, a s gold arch behind them blocks them from getting nailed by flying debris. They have to SCREAM above the HOWLING WIND EvY How are we going to get out of here!? O'Connell spots some stairs inside the arch. O*’ CONNELL Follow me! They all race into the arch and up the stairs.