13) 53) dialog: O’Connell, you gimme that gold thing there, you can set me on fire and call me names. O’Connell hands Izzy the Scepter. Izzy grabs it. O’Connel doesn’t let go of it.
13) 55) dialog: You think I'd leave it here? co O'Connell lets go. Izzy gleefully scurries away. Jonathan staggers up and drops the luggage.
13) 59) dialog: And uh, who, exactly, are these friendly looking fellows? Ardeth Bey dismounts.
14) 0) text: O'Connell, Evy, Jonathan and Ardeth Bey round the side of hangar. They come to a dead stop as they look up and see: A small golden DIRIGIBLE, a blimp, floating in the air, h down by mooring lines. Slung to its underbelly is a decre Old FISHING TRAWLER. An airplane propeller sticks out of rear of the boat engine. It all looks very hand-made and ss jerry-rigged. Izzy stands in front of it, grinning pro
14) 1) dialog: Isn’t she beautiful! O’Connell looks very annoyed.
14) 3) dialog: It’s a dizrigible!
14) 7) dialog: (proudly) | That was my idea.
16) 21) dialog: 
16) 22) dialog: I already told ya! O’CONNELL fell me again. IZzy We'll be there before the sun rises. Cross my heart. O’Connell gives Evy a wink and a reassuring squeeze. Evy forces a smile and heads for the bow of the boat. Suddenl her eyes start to glaze over and she goes into a trance. NNT. KARNAC TEMPLE POOL — DAY Imhotep is CHANTING over a tiny SACRED POOL covered in FO Meela stares into it, her eyes glazing, going into a tran Imhotep stops chanting and turns to her.
20) 0) text: o’Connell, Evy, Jonathan and Ardeth Bey are looking out o the bow of the fishing trawler. Suddenly, they hear a LOU RUMBLE. Izzy is the first one to look back and see it com
20) 1) dialog: What the hell?
20) 6) dialog: You don’t understand, godammit! It was filled with gas, not hot air. I need gas toe get this thing off the ground, where am I gonna get gas around here? Tarzan’s Fill ‘R Up!? Jonathan makes sure Izzy isn’t looking, then he steals th Scepter of Osiris and shoves it into his pack.
20) 7) dialog: Now I could maybe jerry-rig it to take hot air, but you know how many cubic meters I'd need?! Gd 74 0’Connell walks up and slaps him on the back.
27) 19) dialog: Izzy Hurry up! I ain’t got all day!! O’Connell hoists Alex and Evy up into the trawler and the jumps after them. Izzy pulls a lever, SHOOTING FLAME out the bellow and up into a hole in the blimp. The blimp sta to rise quickly. And that’s when Jonathan jumps. He slams into the side of the boat, loses his grip and falls, --bu his feet get tangled in some fishing net along the side o the boat and now he’s hanging upside down. 101 The DIAMOND TIP of the pyramid GLINTS in Jonathan's eyes. He quickly reaches over and grabs it just as the whole da pyramid is SUCKED DOWN INTO THE EARTH. CUT WIDE: The blimp rises up just as the massive wave of foliage CRASHES DOWN, a near miss. With one last mighty R all the foliage is SUCKED INTO THE EARTH, --WHUMP!! And then the oasis is gone. Completely obliterated. Everything goes dead quiet. The blimp rises above a valle of dusty, sandy desert that was once the Oasis of Ahm She INT. BLIMP — DAY Jonathan crashes to the floor of the boat, clinging to th big chunk of polished. diamond that was once the tip of t pyramid, he hugs it tightly, grinning to himself. Evy and Alex run up and hug Izzy and thank him profusely. Izzy is both pleased and embarrassed by all the attention Then he sees O’Connell slumped up against the wall of the trawler, wincing and looking really beat-to-shit. Izzy O'Connell! You look like somethin’ My cat coughed up! Who the heli you been messin’ with this time?