8) 1) dialog: Egyptian Casino INT. BEDROOM — DUSK A ekinny white guy, wearing only boxer shorts and knee-hi black socks, leaps out of a bathroom, pirouettes in mid-a slides across the wooden floor and skids to a stop with h arms raised high. It’s JONATHAN. :
8) 2) dialog: 
8) 4) text: The High Priest and four vicious Men in red turbans stand inside the room staring at him. Jonathan turns a shade redder than their turbans, then looks at the High Priest.
8) 5) dialog: You‘re not Sheila’s father are you?
8) 7) dialog: Well uh, thank goodness for that!
8) 9) dialog: Ah! I see. The Men start moving in on hin.
8) 10) dialog: Or maybe I don’t. The men grab him and pull him down into an overstuffed ch
8) 12) dialog: Good! Good for you! Good thing to have, the old Scepter of Osiris!
8) 14) dialog: Ah! You’re looking bere, for the, uh, scepter. I see, well, I have no idea what you’re talking about.
8) 16) dialog: Maybe if you gave me a description?
8) 19) dialog: Could you be a trifle more specific? The knife digs into Jonathan’s throat.
8) 20) dialog: I lost it in a card game!!
8) 23) dialog: Well hello there. Meela sets the box on a nightstand, then opens it and sta inside. Her hand suddenly blurs into the box and pulis ou poisonous ASP by the neck. Jonathan withers. Meela smiles
8) 26) dialog: Upstairs! In my office! There's a@ safe. It’s behind a rather flattering painting of me. The combination is 3-20-58.
8) 28) text: Meela starts to stick the asp up to Jonathan's neck, his bulge out of his head.
8) 29) dialog: Hey! Wait! I told you! I TOLD you!
8) 31) dialog: My point js I told you so you wouldn't kill me!
8) 35) dialog: (sarcastic) Thank you, thank you ever so much.
8) 38) dialog: I.have to go to the bathroom.
8) 40) dialog: No I can’t! Jonathan scrambles into the bathroom. O'Connell can’t bel this, he forces a smile at Meela and the High Priest. Mee EYES swivel, looking behind O’Connell. O’Connell sees it immediately DIVES out of the way just as Turban #4 stride through the bedroom door and OPENS UP with a machine-gun. The radiator is HIT, STEAM SHOOTS OUT, CLOUDING THE ROOM. O’Connell hits the floor, rolls into the bathrooom, pops onto his feet and SLAMS the door shut. INT. BATHROOM — DUSK Jonathan scoops up his clothes and the SCEPTER OF OSIRIS; thick, short, rather innocuous looking gold scepter.
8) 41) dialog: This is what they’re looking for! Must be worth more than I thought!
8) 44) text: I don’t know! I haven’t done anything to anybody! O’Connell runs full bore at the far wall and CRASHES thro it. Jonathan tight on his tail.
8) 45) dialog: Lately.
9) 26) dialog: That casino was everything I had! All I’ve got left is this bloody gold stick! co™ ® 31 They come racing around a corner, heading for the O‘Conne townhome. Ihe limousine almost runs them sown! O’Connell TACKLES Jonathan out of the way just in time. They both h the pavement and roll. --O’Connell sees Evy inside the limousine, surrounded by the guys in red turbans. The lim CAREENS around the corner and vanishes. Alex runs up.
9) 30) dialog: I don’t mean to point fingers, but isn’t it your job to make sure that this doesn’t happen?
9) 55) text: Jonathan pokes at O’Connell’s tattoo.
9) 56) dialog: What’s a job like that pay? O'Connell SWATS Jonathan’s hand away.
9) 66) dialog: I could do that. Alex gives his Dad a very sarcastic look.
9) 68) dialog: If you see someone come running out screaming, it’s just me. 0’ CONNELL ' Jonathan, maybe you should ‘stay here with Alex.
9) 69) dialog: Now you’re thinking! EXT. ROLLS ROYCE — NIGHT O'Connell pops open the trunk. His GUNNYSACK lies inside. He throws it open. Revealing pistols, a pump shotgun, a submachine-gun, and other weaponry. O’Connell gives Ardet Bey a hard look. 36 O’CONNELL My parents abandoned me.
9) 86) dialog: Huge diamond? How huge?
9) 94) text: Meela grins in delight. THUNDER CRACKS. The Priests TILT LID towards the sarcophagus. Evy SCREAMS and ROLLS OFF. O'Connell leaps forward and catches her. LIGHTNING FLASHE And that’s when Ardeth Bey OPENS FIRE from up in the catw The High Priest, Lock-Nah and all the Priests dive for co The sarcophagus lid CRASHES to the floor. Bullets rip int the pillar above Meela’s head, she SCREAMS and hits the d EXT. ROLLS ROYCE — NIGHT i Standing outside the Rolls Royce, Jonathan and Alex hear GUNFIRE. They both attack the door handle, fighting over
9) 96) dialog: Let go! Let go! Let go! The front door opens and they both leap inside. INT. ROLLS ROYCE — NIGHT Jonathan jams the key into the ignition and frantically t it, the key BREAKS OFF in the ignition. Alex SCREAMS at h
9) 98) dialog: Be quiet, Alex! If there’s going to be any hysterics, they’11 come from ME! INT. BRITISH MUSEUM BASEMENT WAREHOUSE — NIGHT Ardeth Bey races across the catwalk, BLASTING AWAY, keepi everybody pinned down. O'Connell uses one hand to snap op butterfly knife and cut the ropes holding Evy, at the sam time, his other hand is pumping shotgun BLASTS. One of wh blows a Priest backwards into another Priest, who falls i the scarab filled sarcophagus..The Priest SCREAMS and FLA WILDLY as the hideous flesh eating scarabs ENVELOP HIM. Imhotep steps up to the BLACK URN where his “servants” ar kept. Bullets RIP THROUGH HIM. He doesn’t seem to mind.
10) 0) text: Jonathan and Alex scramble out of the car. They hear the distant SOUND of the Soldier Mummies SCREECHING INSANELY. Jonathan grabs Alex tightly, panicking.
10) 1) dialog: What are we going to do!? What are we going to do?!
10) 5) dialog: We were forced to find alternative transportation. O'Connell is incredulous.
10) 8) dialog: Was too!
10) 10) dialog: Was too!
12) 3) dialog: 
12) 5) dialog: (in unison) We‘re not gonna make itl "EXT. BUS — NIGHT Up top, O’Connell is trying to fight off the Soldier Mumm it viciously strangles him. Then he sees something over t Soldier Mummy's shoulder. O’Connell's eyes widen. He thro wild punch, knocks himself free. Hits the deck and covers head. The Soldier Mummy looks down at him, then quickly t to see what's coming. =-It’s the bridge. The bottom two-thirds of the bus goes under the bridge. T top third is RIPPED CLEAN OFF, taking the Soldier Mummy r along with it. a BACK UP ON TOP OF THE BUS: O’Connell cautiously opens his eyes, --there’s nothing but torn metal all around him. The bus races out onto Tower Bridge. INT. BUS — NIGHT Alex throws his arms around Jonathan.
12) 10) dialog: Oh pu-leeeeze. o Alex walks off down the aisle, shaking his head. ' The bus slowly CLATTERS to a stop. O’Connell and Evy un and leok into each other's eyes. O’Connell SIGHS HEAVILY.
12) 28) dialog: Don’t tell me I’ve got to go back to the desert. O'Connell, Evy and Ardeth Bey all turn and glare at him. Jonathan quickly shifts gears and smiles brightly.
12) 29) dialog: Hey! We're going back to Egypt! O'Connell grits his teeth and pumps his shotgun, KA-CHANK
13) 44) dialog: My hands are pretty full— ~--0’Connell snatches it away.
13) 46) dialog: Right, right, I'll get the bags. Jonathan scurries away. ‘Connell walks up to the hangar door, pulls his gun and SHOOTS OFF the doorhandle. Evy gi him another look.
13) 56) dialog: Hey, where's my gold stick? O’Connell looks at him.
13) 58) dialog: We did? EXT. HANGAR — DAY O'Connell and Jonathan step out of the hangar, followed b Izzy, wiping his greasy hands across his dirty yellow shi and giving Evy a flirty, rotten toothed smile. TZ2zy ~you're not exactly catching me at my best. And then he spots Ardeth Bey and TWELVE MEDJAI WARRIORS sitting on horses. He stops in his tracks, suddenly nervo
13) 61) dialog: Pet bird? Ardeth Bey lovingly strokes Horus’ feathers.
14) 0) text: O'Connell, Evy, Jonathan and Ardeth Bey round the side of hangar. They come to a dead stop as they look up and see: A small golden DIRIGIBLE, a blimp, floating in the air, h down by mooring lines. Slung to its underbelly is a decre Old FISHING TRAWLER. An airplane propeller sticks out of rear of the boat engine. It all looks very hand-made and ss jerry-rigged. Izzy stands in front of it, grinning pro
14) 6) dialog: Why are there names written all over it?
15) 0) text: Jonathan and Ardeth Bey are sitting alongside the cabin. Jonathan's arm is reaching into a porthole, scrounging ar inside for something. ardeth Bey is lovingly petting Horu
15) 2) dialog: Yes, yes, sounds terrible, now about that gold pyramid? ARDETH BEY © (ominously) It is written, that since the time of the Scorpion King, no man who has ever laid eyes upon it, has ever returned to tell the tale. Jonathan looks nervous.
15) 3) dialog: Where is all this stuff written?
15) 5) dialog: There! Got it. Pretty nice eh?
15) 7) dialog: The gods couldn’t take it away. Izzy walks past and snatches it out of Jonathan’s hand. Izzy That's mine, skinny boy, keep ya hands off. Jonathan looks crestfallen. Ardeth Bey just laughs. UP AT THE BOW: O'Connell steps up to Evy, who is staring at the fantastic landscapes below. She starts to tremble.
17) 9) dialog: I don’t suppose there’s an anuheritance we should know about? Ardeth Bey just smiles and looks back at Evy.
17) 14) dialog: No wonder they want you dead, Evy. Ardeth Bey looks at O'Connell.
19) 11) dialog: How are we ever going to find them in this maze of canyons? EXT. NILE RIVER BANK CAMPSIGHT — DAY Alex sits by the edge of the water, surreptitiously makin design in the wet sand. A BOOT suddenly stomps on the des It's Lock-Nah. He YANKS Alex to his feet, furious.
20) 0) text: o’Connell, Evy, Jonathan and Ardeth Bey are looking out o the bow of the fishing trawler. Suddenly, they hear a LOU RUMBLE. Izzy is the first one to look back and see it com
20) 3) dialog: Uhhhh people? Everybody turns to see what Jonathan’s seeing. Up ahead, smaller canyon dumps into a MASSIVE BOWL SHAPED CANYON FI WITH AN ENORMOUS JUNGLE. Ardeth Bey nods in wonderment.
20) 20) dialog: I say, look at this, shrunken heads. (lcoks closer) I’d absolutely Jove to know how they do that. In unison, O’Connell, Evy and Ardeth Bey all give him a l d
20) 21) text: Jonathan looks indignant.
20) 22) dialog: Just curious. He hefts a longrifle. Ardeth Bey looks at him.
20) 24) dialog: (outraged) Three time Fox and Hound Grand Champion, I‘11 have you know! He fumbles with the rifle, almost drops it.
20) 25) dialog: That was of course before I started drinking. O'Connell steps up to his wife.
21) 5) dialog: (sincere) Today, is that day. EXT. JUNGLE CLEARING — NIGHT o’Conneli and Ardeth Bey crash through the jungle, coming up on the caravan from the rear. O'Connell spots Alex. Lock-Nah is also heading for Alex. And he's only ten feet away. Alex sees him coming. His eyes widen in terror. Lock-~Nah withdraws his razor sharp scimitar, --SHING!
21) 12) dialog: Thank God. They head off down the rocks. BACK WITH ARDETH BEY: as he grabs the reins of Lock-Nah’s horse, swings himself up into the saddle and GALLOPS OFF. Lock-Nah falls face first into the mud. Dead as lead. EXT. QUICKSAND & BURIAL GROUND ~— NIGHT The High Priest and a dozen black and red turbaned men ru for their lives through the jungle. The terrifying HISSIN SOUND of pygmy skeletons fills the air, chasing after the hunting them down, picking them off one-by-one, relentles o>
21) 29) text: INT. JUNGLE — DAWN O'Connell, Evy, Alex and Jonathan race through the jungle The horrific SOUND of pygmy skeletons following them fill the air. They look back and see a huge HORDE chasing afte them. Evy throws her rifle away. So does Jonathan. Everyo trying to run faster. O'Connell spots the TIP of the GOLD PYRAMID, they’re closer now, maybe only a mile away. They race out across a huge log spanning a deep ravine. O the other side, O’Connell skids to a stop, frisks himself pulls out a lone stick of dynamite. The pygmy skeletons s to race across the log. O’Connell lights the fuse an inch from the dynamite, then tosses it to the first skeleton a runs like hell. The pygmy skeleton grabs the dynamite. Th dynamite EXPLODES. The log and the skeletons are blown ap O'Connell runs up to the others, all breathing hard.
21) 32) dialog: Leave it on, Alex, it looks good on you.
21) 35) text: O'Connell, Evy and Jonathan all immediately realize the implications. They quickly look off towards the surroundi mountains. --The SUN is. just about to crest the east fac
23) 4) dialog: Try and.., try and think of it like this, Alex, —she’s.. she’s in a better place.. Like the good book says— -~Alex jerks himself away from Jonathan, eyes on fire.
23) 6) dialog: What-what??
23) 8) dialog: What’s it? WHAT’S IT? Alex leaps to his feet and starts pulling at Jonathan.
23) 11) text: Jonathan and Alex carry Evy’s inert body down a tunnel.
23) 12) dialog: you realize of course that it can only be done by someone who can actually read ancient Egyptian. I don’t know about you, but I’m a tad rusty. They come to a fork in the tunnel.
23) 14) dialog: How do you know? Alex nods to some ancient HIEROGLYPHS above the left door
23) 20) text: EXT. SAND DUNES — DAY The Army of Anubis, two thousand hideous creatures strong vaise their spears, swords and tridents and SHRIEK WILDLY Without a word, Ardeth Bey and the ten thousand Medjai raise their scimitars. Fiercely determined. INT. STATUARY MAZE — DAY Anck is staring through the gateway when she hears somebo clear their throat. She turns and looks. It’s Jonathan. He puts up his dukes, English style.
23) 21) dialog: Come and get it, you wench! Anck smirks, then sets the book down and strides forward. Jonathan starts to bob and weave.
23) 22) dialog: This is for my sister. Alex sneaks up and grabs the book. He looks over in time see Anck plaster Jonathan with two front JABS to his face INT. NETHERWORLD — DAY O'Connell and Imhotep viciously and relentlessly PUNCH, K ELBOW and BACKHAND each other. Expertly fighting hand-to- across the floor. Suddenly, the entire chamber TREMBLES. two men freeze and look around. Something’s coming. O’Con recovers first and throws a HOOK into Imhotep’s jaw. Imho SLAMS up against a weapon-wielding scorpion statue. He gr a small trident and a scythe. O’Connell steps over to ano statue and grabs two of the same. They starts to circle. EXT. SAND DUNES — DAY An Anubis warrior SCREECHES a command. The Anubis warrior CHARGE FORWARD. Ardeth Bey YELLS a command. The Medjai GA FORWARD. The Anubis Warriors race across the sand, full b The Medjai CRASH into the Anubis warriors. The battle beg INT. STATUARY MAZE — DAY Anck wheels around with a ROUNDHOUSE KICK. Knocks Jonatha back into a statue. Jonathan grabs a spear. Anck grabs an She moves in for the kill. Jonathan desperately backs awa
23) 23) dialog: Hurry up, Alex!!
23) 28) dialog: What's it look like!? Flustered, Alex starts flapping his arms like a bird.
23) 30) dialog: Ah--! Ah--! Ahmenophus! Alex lights up.
24) 0) text: The Medjai are actually beating the Anubis Warriors, clea getting the upper hand. INT. MAZE STATUARY — DAY Jonathan is slammed up against a wall, stunned and chokin Anck smiles, quite pleased with herself. She raises her trident, then LUNGES FORWARD for the final blow! A HAND grabs her wrist, --SLAP! Stopping the blade from piercing Jonathan’s throat. Anck’s head whips around to see who grabbed her. --It’s Evy. She shoves Anck away. The two women face off. Alex steps up.
24) 6) dialog: She said she'd be fine. When was the last time your mother was ever wrong about. anything? Anck wields her trident and stares at Evy.
25) 8) dialog: Yes? And? O’CONNELL
25) 10) dialog: Ah! I seel Alex quickly grabs’ the Scepter away from Jonathan.
26) 0) text: The Scorpion King’s pincers and stingers SLASH and TEAR t way through the pillars and walls, trying to kill O'Conne Jonathan and Alex are deciphering the hieratic on the sce and futzing with the various indentations on the head of Imhotep CHARGES across the cavern, heading for Alex and Jonathan. Anck and Evy race in. They both skid to a stop they see the Scorpion King’s pincer SWAT O’Connell. Evy
26) 3) text: Jonathan twists the bottom of the Scepter, it SLIDES OPEN revealing a SHARP TIP. Alex grabs it and TELESCOPES it ou another four feet; =-now it looks just like a spear. Jona sees Imhotep coming. He snatches the spear away from Alex
26) 4) dialog: Move out of the way, I’m a professional. He quickly aims it at the Scorpion King. Imhotep is almos top of him. Jonathan THROWS IT. Imhotep SCREAMS:
27) 13) text: 100 EXT. PYRAMID — DAY O'Connell, Alex, Evy, and Jonathan crawl out of a crack i the side of the gold pyramid, about midway to the top. Th mouths drop open as they look out and see: THE ENTIRE OASIS IS BEING SUCKED INTO THE PYRAMID: palm trees, bushes, shrubs, massive quantities of dirt and deb as well as ancient corpses and HISSING pygmy skeletons. The pyramid itself begins to SHAKE VIOLENTLY.
27) 24) dialog: Oh PU-LEEEZE! Izzy grins, turns the wheel and throttles up. The blimp sails off into the SUNSET.