3) 24) dialog: Sir, we've been running that spot for a month and we're getting a terrific response.
3) 36) dialog: But the people already want to watch the show.
10) 7) dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Cross? * Eliot rushes up to them. ELIOT . Sir? What...uh...what exactly TOM does that ad have to do with Scrooge? ) (CONTINUED)
10) 19) dialog: Well...it, uh, seems to perver the whole..."spirit" of t Christmas. [It won't make people feel good and joyous. This ad will frighten them. : ‘ FRANK (smiling coldly) It'll scare the Dickens out of them! Frank turns on his heels and heads back to his office. Grace gives Eliot a sympathetic smile and
13) 0) text: Eliot Loudermilk stands in the snowWoutside the IBC entrance, holding a tennis racket. _ Cardboard boxes filled with his stuff sit piled on the curb. A briefcase sails out and.lands at his feet.. WE HEAR sad violin MUSIC -~ "Eliot's Theme." Eliot looks up at the towering skyscraper and raises his fist.
13) 1) dialog: (screaming) i get you Frank Cross you son as a bitch!
44) 0) text: Eliot has just exited a liquor store with a new bottle of Rebel Yell. He cracks. the top, licks his lips and is just about to. try to sip when the taxi:‘jumps the curb, screams down the. sidewalk and the Cabbie snags the bottl from his hand. As it roars off into the. distance, Eliot is left spinning.
62) 0) text: Big.signs on the truck offer top dollar for pints of blood. WE HEAR "Eliot's Theme" played on a violin. It's snowing. Unshaven and wild-eyed, Eliot Loudermilk exits holding a fistful of cash. Walking unsteadily toward the curb, he counts the money, grins, and pitches forward into the snow, passed out cold. The violin MUSIC STOPS. REVEAL who's been playing the MUSIC -- a STREET VIOLINIST with his upturned hat sitting empty on the sidewalk. He picks up the hat, comes over to Eliot, plucks the money from Eliot's hand, puts on the hat, and strolls away. Frank passes by, not noticing the | man in the gutter, caught up in his rant.
82) 1) text: Suddenly the door flies open. Eliot Loudermilk -- unshaven with crazed, red-rimmed eyes; wearing pajamas, . an overcoat, mud-caked galoshes, harlequin sunglasses, : and carrying a double-barreled shotgun -- stands in the doorway. Smiling.
82) 2) dialog: Honey, I'm home! He BLASTS the vodka bottle-out of Frank's hand. With a sobering jolt of adrenaline, Frank dives behind his desk.
82) 3) dialog: Remember me boss? The guy you canned the day before Christmas!? Another SHOTGUN CHARGE slams into the desk; blowing the phone to bits. (CONTINUED)
83) 0) text: As Eliot cooly reloads, Frank tugs on an office door. It's locked. He runs to the next door, also locked, yanking on the handle. The door knob comes off in his hand.
83) 1) dialog: How was my day you ask? Well, my wife left me, took my little girl with her. And that's all I can remember because ever since then I've been blind drunk! Eliot clicks the gun in place with.a.metallic snap.
83) 2) dialog: (singing softly) "you better not shout, You better.not cry, You better not pout, I'm tellin’ you... " Frank hides behind a secretary's desk.
83) 12) dialog: (singing) "He knows when you are sleeping...." Eliot backs Frank up against the wall.
83) 14) dialog: (singing) "... Knows when you're..."
83) 23) dialog: (singing) "...Knows when you've been bad or..." Frank runs until he reaches the elevator bank. Incredibly, the elevator bell. RINGS and the doors slide open. Frank leaps inside, hits "L" and frantically punches "CLOSE DOOR." Eliot rounds the corner.
83) 24) dialog: (singing) "...S0 be good for..." The doors close on Eliot aiming both barrels into the car. Frank is safe.
94) 5) dialog: (smiling) Not for long. Frank brushes the gun aside and throws a brotherly arm around Eliot..
94) 7) dialog: Excuse me, I'm looking for a Mister Frank Cross. I must have the wrong -- Frank stops him as he turns to go. (CONTINUED)
94) 19) dialog: (apprehensively) Got about ten minutes left. Frank helps him to his feet, throws an arm around him and steers him towards the door.
96) 4) dialog: Just. stay on him.
102) 2) text: Eliot is ‘on the other end of the line, holding shotgun, one foot up on the Director's chair. Frank's in the monitors.
102) 3) dialog: Brice Cummings did, sir. «.-Your bowling team, an old army buddy, your personal banker,...
102) 5) dialog: I'm sorry, sir. He's tied up right now. (CONTINUED)
102) 11) text: 206 CONTINUED: yy 206 Brice attempts to hop out of the room but Eliot deftly * slams his foot down on the end of Brice's ribbon and he. topples to the floor with a BIG CRASH. *
115) 12) text: Grace is stunned. She bursts into tears. Lanell and Mary Lou look at each other in. amazement. Frank laughs-and :scoops up Calvin iin his. arms. Grace gives. them both a hug. The: whole. studio:.applauds Frank including many persons we've seen before -- the London Bobbie, the Lady Censor, Prop Man 1, Prop Man 2 holding Doormice, the Nurse, "Tip" O'Neill, the Street Urchins, the Carolers, the Carpenters, the Painters, the Technicians, Wayne, Ted, the Solid Gold Dancers, Lanell, Mary Lou Retton, Mary Lou's Coach, Scrooge's fiancee Belle, Scrooge's Nephew, Scrooge's Ghost of Christmas Present, Tony the cameraman, the Stage Manager, the other IBC Execs, Eliot and Marlon Brando. Claire can barely get through them. af 4 (CONTINUED)