59) 4) text: Frank leans toward the Doctor. FRANK . But ... there was this .:.) ghost.
66) 1) text: Hello, Frank. Tam the Ghost of Christmas Present. She speaks somewhat like Glenda, the Good Witch, with a delicate British accent.in a sing-song falsetto.
72) 0) text: Now at the elevator, the doors open and standing before Frank -= hooded black cape billowing, red eyes glowing in a skull -- is THE GHOST OF CHRISTMAS FUTURE. Frank shrieks, @ropping to his knees. He clutches pitifully at the Ghost's cape. FRANK . Take me! I give up! Do whatever _ you want! . The Ghost tries to pull away, stumbling back into the elevator.
72) 1) dialog: Help! Guard! SECURITY! A husky IBC SECURITY GUARD moves for-Frank.
72) 3) dialog: Listen, I gotta show to do. I don't need this! (CONTINUED)
72) 13) dialog: (to Brice) ‘This is live TV! Not tape, not film, live!
72) 15) dialog: Don't tell me to calm down! There's gonna be a hundred million people watching this show and I'm the one who's gonna be out there! Not you! He turns on his heels and stalks away, cape luffing behind him. WE TRACK him through the congested backstage area.
72) 16) dialog: Anybody have a valium? A Solid Gold Dancer looks up from fixing the run in her stocking. .
72) 18) dialog: Thanks honey. STAGE MANAGER (V.0. » (over PA system) Fifteen seconds. The Ghost walks thru a quieter area. He reaches the * dressing room and enters.
73) 0) text: The Ghost shuts the door behind him and crosses the empty room to the lit make-up mirror. (CONTINUED)
73) 5) text: 16r. CONTINUED: vs 159 He tosses back the black hood and very slowly removes the horrific skull mask with blazing blood-red eyes. Beneath it -- a horrific skull face and blazing blood-red eyes. This really is the Ghost of Christmas Future! Lightbulbs EXPLODE around the mirror. The skull stares at his nightmarish reflection, There is an evil SIZZLING SOUND as smoke curls from his eye sockets.
79) 0) text: The Victorian "Scrooge" street is in fuli glory: the poulterers hung with geese and turkeys; the grocers bursting with polished fruit; wind-up toys dance in the toy store windows; VENDORS hawk their chestnuts. Crowds of happy SHOPPERS bustle down the snow-covered street. CHILDREN CAROLERS sing God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen beneath a flickering gas lamp. Brando, as Scrooge, walks beside a jolly giant wearing a long velvet robe and a holly wreath on his head -- Dickens' GHOST OF CHRISTMAS PRESENT. WE TRACK them down the cheery street.
82) 0) text: Frank, his back to the CAMERA, stands at the far end of the spacious office, staring out the window. He turns, and dull with booze, slowly crosses the room. The vodka bottle, upside-down in his hand, leaves a trail along the carpet. . As he passes the TV monitor, WE SEE appearing on the screen, wreathed in grey mist, the black-hooded Ghost of Christmas Future. The solemn phantom points a long bony finger at Frank. Frank continues on, oblivious. WE SEE the Ghost, a skeletal hand pointing straight at Frank, take over all the monitors.
84) 0) text: Frank stares up at the descending floor lights, sweat beading his forehead, panting heavily. Suddenly he realizes there is someone else breathing in the car -- low, death-rattle breaths. He whirls around to see the Ghost of Christmas Future standing right behind him.
84) 9) text: As the Ghost silently glowers at him, Frank bolts out of the elevator into a situation too horrible to be | * described here. : Frank shrieks, pulls a U-turn and dives back into the elevator as Bernard Hermann's piercing Psycho sting strings pursue him.
85) 0) text: Frank hysterically jabs all the elevator buttons as the doors close. The Ghost stares down at him. .
86) 1) text: on Frank and Ghost watching from inside elevator. (CONTINUED)
88) 0) text: Frank looks over his shoulder to see he has just stepped out of an. age-worn, marble mausoleum. He shudders, dashing through the Michael Riva graveyard after the Ghost. —. They walk/float side by side through the moonswept headstones and crypts towards a bare hill. Wendie Cross stands there, alone, head bowed.
115) 12) text: Grace is stunned. She bursts into tears. Lanell and Mary Lou look at each other in. amazement. Frank laughs-and :scoops up Calvin iin his. arms. Grace gives. them both a hug. The: whole. studio:.applauds Frank including many persons we've seen before -- the London Bobbie, the Lady Censor, Prop Man 1, Prop Man 2 holding Doormice, the Nurse, "Tip" O'Neill, the Street Urchins, the Carolers, the Carpenters, the Painters, the Technicians, Wayne, Ted, the Solid Gold Dancers, Lanell, Mary Lou Retton, Mary Lou's Coach, Scrooge's fiancee Belle, Scrooge's Nephew, Scrooge's Ghost of Christmas Present, Tony the cameraman, the Stage Manager, the other IBC Execs, Eliot and Marlon Brando. Claire can barely get through them. af 4 (CONTINUED)