3) 0) text: REVEAL that we have been watching a TV screen in an office at IBC -- the International Broadcasting Company. The lights come up. The same silver IBC logo is mounted on the wall. A table is ringed with network EXECUTIVES. At. one end of the table is the big TV monitor. At the other end sits FRANK CROSS, president of IBC, who presides over the meeting. Frank is trim, polished and good-looking. At thirty-eight, he is young for the powerful position he holds. The press still calls him a "TV wonderkind." Co-workers call him the "Smiling Viper." MRS. GRACE COOLEY, his attractive black secretary, sits near him taking notes. This is a power office -- bleak, modern and immense. It is on the 22nd floor with huge grid windows that look down on New York City. It's designed to impress and intimidate. There is futuristic design furniture, a wall of TV monitors, a private bathroom, a small kitchen, a bar. Above the ultra~modern desk hangs a Picasso from his 1907-8 “African-Negro" period. The walls are decorated with primitive masks, the closest thing Frank has to a hobby. The massive desk is littered with Scrooge miscellany -- drawings, models, posters, swatches, etc. No one speaks, waiting for Frank's reaction. There are a few nervous coughs. Finally Frank leans forward in the chair.
10) 0) text: Shell-shocked execs spill out of Frank's office. Ashen, open-mouthed, they drift away from the meeting. Frank briskly moves through them, spitting out instructions to Ted. Grace is close on their heels. TRACK them as they walk down office corridor. Illuminated posters of other IBC shows line the hallway.
10) 5) dialog: Your attorney?
11) 0) text: follows. They reach Grace's desk, neat and impersonal save for a child's fingerpainting taped to her cubic
11) 2) dialog: Eliot Loudermilk.
11) 6) dialog: He's fired?. But it's Christmas.
11) 8) dialog: (on phone) Loudermilk? .Code Nine. He points at the fingerpainting.
11) 19) dialog: It's a painting: one of my kids did. See, there's Santa and -
11) 21) dialog: (studying it) Four.
11) 23) dialog: Seven, ot He yanks it off the wall and tosses it to her.
12) 2) text: Frank is making himself a "Stab" Stolichnaya and Tab -- when Grace enters. ~ FRANK . Okay, let's get this over with. Read me the list. * Grace takes out the Christmas list. kot GRACE Goldberg « , . : :_. - FRANK ue Send -him.a VHS home, video recorder.
12) 6) dialog: 
12) 20) dialog: Kaluta,
12) 22) dialog: , Brock,
12) 25) dialog: Forristal. .
12) 27) dialog: Whitacre. Frank stands at the window, sipping his drink, staring moodily down at the. street. It's snowing: heavily.
14) 9) dialog: Five point two Neilson, seven share and a TVQ.of three.
14) 10) dialog: (together) Towel.
14) 11) dialog: Your brother.
14) 14) dialog: What about my bonus:?: £
14) 17) dialog: Mr. Rhinelander's on his way down.
16) 0) text: Frank blows past Grace.
16) 2) dialog: You're due at the Helmsley Palace in five minutes. Can I ask you -
16) 4) dialog: I can't stay late tonight. I have to take my little boy to the doctor's.
16) 9) dialog: Couldn't I -
16) 22) dialog: Yes sir. Your brother's waiting for you inside.
21) 0) text: Grace and CALVIN, Grace's five-year old son, descend the stairs from the elevated and head towards their street. EXT. GRACE'S PROJECT BUILDING - NIGHT 46° Grace and Calvin walk hand-in-hand towards their graffiti-scarred project. They go inside and head up the stairs. Feliz Navidad drifts out of a ground floor apartment.
23) 0) text: Grace stands in her shabby hallway fumbling with her front door keys. Before she can unlock it, the door flies open. SHASTA and RANDEE, seven-year-old twins, wrap themselves around her legs, squealing with joy.
26) 0) text: GRAMMA, a loony "Koko Taylor" type blues mama, sets bowls of food down on the kitchen table. Grace comes out of her bedroom, drying her hair with an IBC towel. Shasta holds on to Grace's robe.
26) 1) dialog: What's for dinner, Gramma?
26) 3) dialog: Again?
26) 5) dialog: I know Mom but -- look, how about just the Wheaties?
26) 15) dialog: Same as all the others. He needs special treatment. It's gonna take a lot of money. Gramma pours milk over the cereal and olives.
26) 17) dialog: Mom, he hasn't spoken a word in four years.
26) 24) dialog: Yeah, I'm drying my hair with it. Peals of high-pitched laughter: erupt from the living room. GRACE — What're they up to?
26) 26) dialog: We don't have a tree.
27) 1) text: Grace races in to find Calvin, wearing red and green pj's, standing on the coffee table. He is covered with tinsel, strings of blinking lights, dangling ornaments and a shiny silver star is stuck on his forehead.
27) 4) dialog: Oh no. Kids, get that stuff off him,
27) 8) dialog: Yeah, but still...
38) 14) text: Grace rushes over.
38) 15) dialog: I have that report you wanted on -
38) 17) dialog: "Brice Cummings, 27, graduated top of class at UCLA. Made a name in live TV, sports. Won three Emmys for Olympics. One Emmy for Super Bowl. Made vice-president -"
39) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of an aged, carved sign that reads -- SCROOGE & MARLEY. A hand comes into the SHOT holding an aerosol spray can. A blast of brown paint hits the sign's border, CAMERA CRANES UP to REVEAL the 19th century London street being created. CARPENTERS hammer frantically building the "Scrooge" set, a poulterer's storefront is hoisted into place; the grocer's stall stocked with fake produce, the windows of the toy store sprayed with frost. TECHNICIANS snake cables through the set dodging the PAINTERS and carpenters, Ted runs over to Frank who's-reeling off orders to Grace. TED —. We've got.a real situation downstairs. There must be three, four hundred protestors.
39) 18) text: Why .not? (to Grace) Did you set up my shrink appointment for one o'clock?
39) 19) dialog: You've got that lunch with Mr. Rhinelander.
39) 113) dialog: Wait! Wait! That's my little boy!
39) 115) dialog: I thought it'd be fun for him to see a real, live -
65) 27) dialog: Mr. Cross, I've been looking all over for you! They've shot “Leroy Neiman! Frank ignores her, lost in thought.
65) 28) dialog: The East German border guards just opened up on - He whirls around.
66) 0) text: WE HEAR an o.s. celeste begin the familiar strains of the “Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy” from the Nutcracker Suite and, indeed, an exquisite SUGAR PLUM FAIRY with translucent wings and shimmering tutu tip-toes into the light. Frank can scarcely believe his eyes. She dances superbly, gracefully executing leaps and spins and twirls and arabesques and pirouettes and lots of other things with fancy French names. Her wings quivering excitedly, she glides over to Frank and, at a key point in the music... WHUMPH! ...Kicks him solidiy in the balls. His eyes cross. He staggers, barely.able to stand. As the MUSIC starts up again, she gaily flounces off, finishes. with a flourish, does a little curtsy, and introduces herself to Frank.
67) 5) text: The front door. opens-and Grace and Calvin enter.
67) 6) dialog: Merry Christmas Cooley family! Some of the kids rush over._and hug her, helping Calvin’ out of his coat.
67) 8) dialog: I'm. not having you ride that subway alone at night. You almost ready? Lanell nods.
71) 4) text: Frank, dazed and confused staggers to his feet, stammering inarticulately. As Brice and Grace try to lead him away, he sneaks a peek inside the Scrooge office. A Prop Man hurries out. .
71) 7) dialog: I've been worried about you. Brice steers him off the set and towards the elevator.
75) 3) dialog: You kids having a good time? Mary Lou Retton hurtles down the hallway, landing right in front of them.
86) 9) dialog: (handing it to him) Now be careful sweetheart. Drink it slow - A HOSPITAL ORDERLY taps her on the shoulder.
86) 10) dialog: Please. I just got here.
86) 12) dialog: (crying) Don't worry Calvin honey. I'll. be back. You be a good boy. The elevator doors close. .
115) 12) text: Grace is stunned. She bursts into tears. Lanell and Mary Lou look at each other in. amazement. Frank laughs-and :scoops up Calvin iin his. arms. Grace gives. them both a hug. The: whole. studio:.applauds Frank including many persons we've seen before -- the London Bobbie, the Lady Censor, Prop Man 1, Prop Man 2 holding Doormice, the Nurse, "Tip" O'Neill, the Street Urchins, the Carolers, the Carpenters, the Painters, the Technicians, Wayne, Ted, the Solid Gold Dancers, Lanell, Mary Lou Retton, Mary Lou's Coach, Scrooge's fiancee Belle, Scrooge's Nephew, Scrooge's Ghost of Christmas Present, Tony the cameraman, the Stage Manager, the other IBC Execs, Eliot and Marlon Brando. Claire can barely get through them. af 4 (CONTINUED)