64) 12) dialog: Ah, the cocktail hour! (sidling against Frank) Now, Dick, you know your fine wines ~- your Great Westerns, _ your Lancers, your Mateus. But for my money, you can't buy nothin' better than -- He slams a half-empty bottle of Mogen David concord grape wine on the table.
64) 13) dialog: Mad Dog 20/20. He snaps the pocket watch shut, Beautiful Dreamer STOPS. Herman takes a long swig and passes the bottle to Frank.
64) 14) dialog: C'mon Dick, drink up!
64) 16) dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Burton, maybe I don't know you good enough to call you Dick but after Exorcist II and Night of the Iguana I thought we had a certain -
64) 18) dialog: And if you could just do a line or two from Hamlet -
64) 20) dialog: (breathing Mad Dog fumes in Frank's face) Or The Sandpiper. (CONTINUED)
64) 29) dialog: Cleopatra?
64) 79) dialog: He clutches his Mad Dog to himself.
64) 80) dialog: (singing Jingle Bell Rock) "Giddyap jingle-horse, pick up some speed..." Frank walks by.
64) 82) dialog: (putting out his hand) Listen, Dick, think you could lend me a few bucks so's I =
70) 3) text: The door won't budge. Frank stumbles back into the room, shuddering in the bluish light, exhaling cold clouds. He fumbles out his lighter and flicks it on. It doesn't shed much light. He grabs an old newspaper off the floor, rolls it tightly into a torch and sets it on fire. A few feet away on a decaying couch sits Herman the wino. He watches Frank wordlessly. (CONTINUED)
70) 13) text: While Beautiful Dreamer plays, WE SEE where Herman came to his end -- ROACHES crawl over an empty, doorless refrigerator; a plume of ice hangs from a broken water pipe; the floor is littered with rags, cans, newspapers, bottles. The watch runs down and. stops. Frank, lost in this sad inventory, doesn't notice the torch has burned to his hand.
84) 9) text: As the Ghost silently glowers at him, Frank bolts out of the elevator into a situation too horrible to be | * described here. : Frank shrieks, pulls a U-turn and dives back into the elevator as Bernard Hermann's piercing Psycho sting strings pursue him.