1) 7) text: | -+. "Dead." . | — cuT TO: 8 INT. “VICTORIAN "PARLOR -- NIGHT 8 JOHN HOUSEMAN sits in a wiftg chair.in front of a crackling fire reading from a red leather-bound copy of Scrooge .
2) 0) text: TV set with "SCROOGE" TITLE on screen. A Rockwellesque family is gathered around watching TV -- MOM and POP on couch, JUNIOR on the floor with his PUPPY and a bowl of popcorn, Their happy faces glow in the warm. TV light.
3) 0) text: REVEAL that we have been watching a TV screen in an office at IBC -- the International Broadcasting Company. The lights come up. The same silver IBC logo is mounted on the wall. A table is ringed with network EXECUTIVES. At. one end of the table is the big TV monitor. At the other end sits FRANK CROSS, president of IBC, who presides over the meeting. Frank is trim, polished and good-looking. At thirty-eight, he is young for the powerful position he holds. The press still calls him a "TV wonderkind." Co-workers call him the "Smiling Viper." MRS. GRACE COOLEY, his attractive black secretary, sits near him taking notes. This is a power office -- bleak, modern and immense. It is on the 22nd floor with huge grid windows that look down on New York City. It's designed to impress and intimidate. There is futuristic design furniture, a wall of TV monitors, a private bathroom, a small kitchen, a bar. Above the ultra~modern desk hangs a Picasso from his 1907-8 “African-Negro" period. The walls are decorated with primitive masks, the closest thing Frank has to a hobby. The massive desk is littered with Scrooge miscellany -- drawings, models, posters, swatches, etc. No one speaks, waiting for Frank's reaction. There are a few nervous coughs. Finally Frank leans forward in the chair.
22) 0) text: A cab pulls up to the IBC entrance. Frank wordlessly gets out and walks into the building, leaving the Humanitarian Award on the seat. WE FOLLOW him past the TWO IBC SECURITY GUARDS manning the security systems console, past a display for Scrooge, ‘across the vast marble lobby to the elevator bank. ~ Frank pushes the elevator button, the doors silently open, he enters and they close behind him.
37) 0) text: “TIP" O'NEILL as Jacob Marley and MARLON BRANDO as Scrooge rehearse their scene for that night's performance,
37) 1) dialog: Leave me, spirit. Haunt me no more, WE HEAR SAWING o.s.
39) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of an aged, carved sign that reads -- SCROOGE & MARLEY. A hand comes into the SHOT holding an aerosol spray can. A blast of brown paint hits the sign's border, CAMERA CRANES UP to REVEAL the 19th century London street being created. CARPENTERS hammer frantically building the "Scrooge" set, a poulterer's storefront is hoisted into place; the grocer's stall stocked with fake produce, the windows of the toy store sprayed with frost. TECHNICIANS snake cables through the set dodging the PAINTERS and carpenters, Ted runs over to Frank who's-reeling off orders to Grace. TED —. We've got.a real situation downstairs. There must be three, four hundred protestors.
60) 0) text: YOUNG EBENEZER SCROOGE stands mutely as BELLE, his fiancee, ties her bonnet and readies to exit.
65) 0) text: It's snowing on the London street of. the Scrooge set. For a moment WE DON'T REALIZE that we are now watching the rehearsal of the television show.
65) 1) dialog: (to an URCHIN) Now be off with you or you'll feel my stick across your back! WE TRACK Marlon Brando as Scrooge as he strides down the cobblestone street, waving his cane, scattering the STREET URCHINS who beg for handouts. John Houseman narrates.
65) 5) dialog: Excuse me, my good man}. ‘Can't something be done about them? Must I be constantly harassed by these damned sea urchins?
71) 1) text: | Frank bursts through Scrooge's office door, flattening | the Lady Censor and tumbling to the floor. 5 WE HEAR heraldic HORNS play a fanfare. The IBC Announcer steps up to the mike. °
71) 4) text: Frank, dazed and confused staggers to his feet, stammering inarticulately. As Brice and Grace try to lead him away, he sneaks a peek inside the Scrooge office. A Prop Man hurries out. .
76) 0) text: Over :Frank's.-shoulder WE SEE the TV. monitor with Brand as Scrooge sitting in his dreary counting house. His NEPHEW proudly sets a glass case on the desk.
76) 1) dialog: And what are these supposed to be?
77) 0) text: Preston Rhinelander and his handsome, white-haired WIFE sit in their classic WASP parlour watching Scrooge. Their TWO PERSIAN CATS paw the screen after the doormice.
77) 2) dialog: Doormice, indeed!
78) 1) dialog: I've never heard of such foolishne- Frank mutes the sound with the remote control. Frank is totally gone. He pours himself another Stoly, setting down the bottle without looking. [t falls, . spilling over his cluttered desk. He grabs it and begins sopping the liquor with an envelope.* Seeing a wrapped gift among his papers, he stops and picks it up. The tag on the gift -- "To Frank." WE STAY ON Frank as he opens the package. He freezes, when he sees what's insideé.- His eyes fill up. Tears begin to stream down his face. Brushing them aside, he sets the gift on the desk and walks away. cuT TO:
79) 0) text: The Victorian "Scrooge" street is in fuli glory: the poulterers hung with geese and turkeys; the grocers bursting with polished fruit; wind-up toys dance in the toy store windows; VENDORS hawk their chestnuts. Crowds of happy SHOPPERS bustle down the snow-covered street. CHILDREN CAROLERS sing God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen beneath a flickering gas lamp. Brando, as Scrooge, walks beside a jolly giant wearing a long velvet robe and a holly wreath on his head -- Dickens' GHOST OF CHRISTMAS PRESENT. WE TRACK them down the cheery street.
79) 1) dialog: This has indeed been a niyht of * revelations. Thank you for showing me the true meaning - Big Ben begins CHIMING o.s.
95) 0) text: Scrooge, wearing a night shirt and tasseled cap, open the bedroom shutters and looks out.
95) 1) dialog: Oh what a glorious day! Never has there been such a day!- He shouts to the Street Urchin lobbing snowballs street below. ‘ SCROOGE You there! Lad! The boy stops and looks up at the window.
95) 3) dialog: Here's a gold sovereign! Go buy me the biggest goose in all London! He tosses it to the boy o.s. SLOW MOTION of the tumbling coin. But it's caught by a different hand. lis. 198 throws in the WE HEAR gasps. WE SEE the shocked REACTIONS of Brando, Grace.
115) 12) text: Grace is stunned. She bursts into tears. Lanell and Mary Lou look at each other in. amazement. Frank laughs-and :scoops up Calvin iin his. arms. Grace gives. them both a hug. The: whole. studio:.applauds Frank including many persons we've seen before -- the London Bobbie, the Lady Censor, Prop Man 1, Prop Man 2 holding Doormice, the Nurse, "Tip" O'Neill, the Street Urchins, the Carolers, the Carpenters, the Painters, the Technicians, Wayne, Ted, the Solid Gold Dancers, Lanell, Mary Lou Retton, Mary Lou's Coach, Scrooge's fiancee Belle, Scrooge's Nephew, Scrooge's Ghost of Christmas Present, Tony the cameraman, the Stage Manager, the other IBC Execs, Eliot and Marlon Brando. Claire can barely get through them. af 4 (CONTINUED)