0) 0) text: ESTABLISHING SHOT of Santa's Workshop -- a quaint "gingerbread" cottage nestled in a serene, snow-covered valley. Smoke curls from the chimney. MUSIC: Silent Night played on a celeste enhances the Christmas card peace and beauty. | WE MOVE CLOSER and isolate details: : A candy-striped column marked "NORTH POLE." Below the glistening, icicle-trimmed eave, silhouetted on the shade of a frost-veiled window, ELVES put the final touches on some toys -- tapping an extra nail, adding that last dab of paint.
0) 2) text: In the sleigh sits a huge sack overflowing with gifts which include toy drums, bisque dolls, teddybears. Backlit by the full moon, a SNOWY OWL hoots softly and shuts his eyes. The sky sparkles with stars but one:shines brighter than the rest. Is it a falling star? No, it's a flaming mortar shell that screams into the cottage and explodes in a teeth-jarring fireball of MULTIPLE BLASTS. MUSIC changes to standard Tv action fare as a gritty-voiced ANNOUNCER cuts in.
3) 0) text: REVEAL that we have been watching a TV screen in an office at IBC -- the International Broadcasting Company. The lights come up. The same silver IBC logo is mounted on the wall. A table is ringed with network EXECUTIVES. At. one end of the table is the big TV monitor. At the other end sits FRANK CROSS, president of IBC, who presides over the meeting. Frank is trim, polished and good-looking. At thirty-eight, he is young for the powerful position he holds. The press still calls him a "TV wonderkind." Co-workers call him the "Smiling Viper." MRS. GRACE COOLEY, his attractive black secretary, sits near him taking notes. This is a power office -- bleak, modern and immense. It is on the 22nd floor with huge grid windows that look down on New York City. It's designed to impress and intimidate. There is futuristic design furniture, a wall of TV monitors, a private bathroom, a small kitchen, a bar. Above the ultra~modern desk hangs a Picasso from his 1907-8 “African-Negro" period. The walls are decorated with primitive masks, the closest thing Frank has to a hobby. The massive desk is littered with Scrooge miscellany -- drawings, models, posters, swatches, etc. No one speaks, waiting for Frank's reaction. There are a few nervous coughs. Finally Frank leans forward in the chair.
3) 18) dialog: On? It's not the gator, it's not ~ Chuck Norris,...
3) 22) dialog: (snapping his fingers) There's your ‘problem -- Scrooge.
10) 0) text: Shell-shocked execs spill out of Frank's office. Ashen, open-mouthed, they drift away from the meeting. Frank briskly moves through them, spitting out instructions to Ted. Grace is close on their heels. TRACK them as they walk down office corridor. Illuminated posters of other IBC shows line the hallway.
10) 2) dialog: Got it. ™ _¥ He peels off. Grace assumies Ted's position by Frank's side.
19) 7) text: Christmas :cards.on ‘recycled paper and string "real" popcorn and "real" cranberries for the "real" tree.and babble about the “priceless gift of sharing" and kids with their eyes big. as teacups and squeeze-toys for the dog and (in falsetto) "Oh, honey, it's just what I always wanted! This is the most wonderful Christmas ever!" But, Jamies, count me out! ~ (CONTINUED)
20) 16) text: REVEALING a big banner behind him which reads: “HUMANITARIAN OF THE YEAR". FRANK . I will always cherish this award. 42 OMITTED thru 44
21) 0) text: Grace and CALVIN, Grace's five-year old son, descend the stairs from the elevated and head towards their street. EXT. GRACE'S PROJECT BUILDING - NIGHT 46° Grace and Calvin walk hand-in-hand towards their graffiti-scarred project. They go inside and head up the stairs. Feliz Navidad drifts out of a ground floor apartment.
38) 0) text: REVEAL that WE ARE WATCHING this on a monitor in Frank's office. a TV continues in b.g. Frank is sitting at his desk staring at a front page. Ted ‘stands behind him. ANGLE ON-New York Post front-page. The headline reads -- “IBC KILLS OLD WOMAN!" Beneath it is a B&W photo of a sweet-faced granny.
38) 1) dialog: Apparently this eighty-year-old grandmother was watching your Scrooge promo and, uh, just keeled over. It scared her to death. (CONTINUED) © 38.
38) 10) text: He spins his chair, facing Ted.
38) 22) dialog: What do you want me to tell the reporters downstairs? Frank balls up the Brice resume and flings it into the trash,
38) 37) dialog: In other words the standard statement.
39) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of an aged, carved sign that reads -- SCROOGE & MARLEY. A hand comes into the SHOT holding an aerosol spray can. A blast of brown paint hits the sign's border, CAMERA CRANES UP to REVEAL the 19th century London street being created. CARPENTERS hammer frantically building the "Scrooge" set, a poulterer's storefront is hoisted into place; the grocer's stall stocked with fake produce, the windows of the toy store sprayed with frost. TECHNICIANS snake cables through the set dodging the PAINTERS and carpenters, Ted runs over to Frank who's-reeling off orders to Grace. TED —. We've got.a real situation downstairs. There must be three, four hundred protestors.
39) 2) dialog: They blame us for killing that old lady. (CONTINUED)
39) 6) dialog: That's really not the best PR, sir.
39) 8) dialog: What executive?
39) 136) dialog: Frank, I found your spokesman.
39) 156) dialog: Frank.
39) 159) dialog: Frank. _ :
39) 172) dialog: Frank! Frank turns to see Ted standing with a sweet, white-haired NUN holding a picket sign that reads: "MERRY CHRISTMAS NOT SCARY CHRISTMAS!" She stares at Frank in horror.
39) 173) dialog: Uhm, I'd like you to meet Sister Mary Margaret from the Concerned Viewers of America.
44) 0) text: Eliot has just exited a liquor store with a new bottle of Rebel Yell. He cracks. the top, licks his lips and is just about to. try to sip when the taxi:‘jumps the curb, screams down the. sidewalk and the Cabbie snags the bottl from his hand. As it roars off into the. distance, Eliot is left spinning.
48) 0) text: The Checker tears down the quiet track-house-lined street and skids into the back of a.delivery truck parked in front of the only house on the block without Christmas lights. Meter registers "1955". ° Painted on the back of the truck -- "CROSS BUTCHER SHOP".
50) 0) text: This is a bleak, no-frills, working-class Fifties tract-house. LITTLE FRANK sits inchés from a B&W Magnavox TV set watching the end of the Howdy Doody Show. The show's theme and end credits roll. DORIS, Frank's: mother, is pregnant with James. She. lies on the couch, :chain-smoking:.Chesterfield's and frowning over. her cross-word puzzle magazine. EARL, Frank's big, barrel-chested father, still wearing his blood-stained butcher apron, comes over’ and turns down the TV volume. He towers over little Frank.
58) 0) text: A white overhead klieg light. The howling continues as WE PAN DOWN to a MAN in a dog suit, on all fours, howling at a cartoonish MIKE THE MAILMAN who wears an exaggerated, corny mailman suit, bow tie and carries an over-size mail pouch. WE ARE WATCHING a children's TV show in progress, The dog chews Mike's pant-leg, growling in front of a whimsical dog house hand-lettered -- "KIDDIE KENNEL".
63) 0) text: The shelter, once a Cadillac showroom, has papered the big windows over with bright murals painted by the inner-city children of the community. The name of the project -- “OPERATION REACH OUT" -- is spelled out in giant multi-colored letters. Collar up, shivering in the wind, with Claire's card in his hand, Frank strides toward the one-story building. (CONTINUED)
66) 0) text: WE HEAR an o.s. celeste begin the familiar strains of the “Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy” from the Nutcracker Suite and, indeed, an exquisite SUGAR PLUM FAIRY with translucent wings and shimmering tutu tip-toes into the light. Frank can scarcely believe his eyes. She dances superbly, gracefully executing leaps and spins and twirls and arabesques and pirouettes and lots of other things with fancy French names. Her wings quivering excitedly, she glides over to Frank and, at a key point in the music... WHUMPH! ...Kicks him solidiy in the balls. His eyes cross. He staggers, barely.able to stand. As the MUSIC starts up again, she gaily flounces off, finishes. with a flourish, does a little curtsy, and introduces herself to Frank.
67) 14) text: 144 89. ANGLE ON THE TWINS a Shasta and Randee, huddle over a top-like plastic puzzle trying to get all the metal balls into the holes. Frustrated, Shasta pulls it away from her sister. SHASTA . Get away! You don't know how to do it!
74) 0) text: Frank sits at his desk, confused and exhausted.
80) 0) text: A huge blood-tinged moon sits ominously on the horizon, dwarfing the silhouetted skyline. cur TO:
97) 0) text: Bolt upright in his chair, nervously sipping a drink, Preston Rhinelander glares at Frank on the TV set. It * has started to snow outside.
115) 12) text: Grace is stunned. She bursts into tears. Lanell and Mary Lou look at each other in. amazement. Frank laughs-and :scoops up Calvin iin his. arms. Grace gives. them both a hug. The: whole. studio:.applauds Frank including many persons we've seen before -- the London Bobbie, the Lady Censor, Prop Man 1, Prop Man 2 holding Doormice, the Nurse, "Tip" O'Neill, the Street Urchins, the Carolers, the Carpenters, the Painters, the Technicians, Wayne, Ted, the Solid Gold Dancers, Lanell, Mary Lou Retton, Mary Lou's Coach, Scrooge's fiancee Belle, Scrooge's Nephew, Scrooge's Ghost of Christmas Present, Tony the cameraman, the Stage Manager, the other IBC Execs, Eliot and Marlon Brando. Claire can barely get through them. af 4 (CONTINUED)