15) 0) text: A MAN looks up sharply. He stares into camera. CHRISTOF, fifties - a vitality in his eyes that belies his years. A anchor-style earpiece disappears down the neck of his sui 28
26) 30) dialog: At least he didn't say “New York City".
31) 0) text: CHRISTOF and CHLOE stare into camera. Christof leans forw and speaks,
31) 1) dialog: ...Everybody stay focussed. Remember who you are.
54) 0) text: CHRISTOF stares intently into camera, holding his distinc earpiece to his head. Beside him, his ever-present assist CHLOE.
54) 1) dialog: (hushed tones) And the last thing I'd ever do is lie to you.
55) 9) text: CHRISTOF continues to direct the action from what is now revealed to be the control room of a television studio.
55) 10) dialog: Go wide, LightCam Eight... In a wide shot, from one of the streetlights lining the empty freeway, we see TRUMAN walking towards his long los FATHER.
55) 11) dialog: ...CurbCam Twelve...and...cue music...Beethoven, Third Symphony, Second Movement . Music swells. Kirk and Truman embrace in the middle of th freeway. Truman takes his father’s ring from his own finger.
55) 12) dialog: ...RingCam... We see a close up of Kirk from the ring's POV. Truman pla the ring in the palm of his father’s hand.
55) 13) dialog: «..ButtonCam Three... We see a close up of Truman from a camera on Kirk's coat.
55) 16) dialog: And wide... SIMEON looks to his director.
55) 18) dialog: (staring intently at his monitor} ~ No, hold back... (CONTINUED)
56) 0) text: CHRISTOF allows himself a smile of satisfaction.
56) 1) dialog: And fade up music...now go in close... As a tight two-shot of father and son fills the screen, t orchestra swells with triumphant music.
58) 0) text: CHRISTOF, emotionally drained by the events, slumps in hi chair. CHLOE rests a supportive hand on his shoulder. The of the network, MOSES, a man in his seventies, enters wit young assistant, ROMAN - their faces full of admiration.
60) 3) dialog: Thank you.
60) 5) dialog: We have had our close calls in the past. Behind the two men, the constantly playing image of Truma engrossed in his book is relegated to a window on the scr 106 107 108 “TRE TRUMAN SHOW" 73
60) 10) dialog: (dismissive) These people have their own agendas. Many just want to be on television themselves.
60) 13) dialog: --a dead one at that.
60) 17) dialog: {feigning modesty) Since Kirk started this whole crisis in Truman’s life, I came to the conclusion that he was the only one who could end it.
60) 19) dialog: That and a fat, new contract.
60) 21) dialog: Amnesia.
60) 24) dialog: As you know ratings have never been our primary goal. I imagine we'll lose those voyeurs only interested in witnessing Truman’s latest torment. However, I’m certain that our core audience will remain loyal.
60) 28) dialog: It has to be the reality. During this segment, we cut to a cross-section of VIEWERS the WAITRESS and BARMAN in the bar, the TWO OLD WOMEN on their sofa, the TWO SECURITY GUARDS and the MAN in the ba listening to Christof’s theories on their viewing habits.
60) 29) dialog: We've become tired of watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there’s nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It’s not always Shakespeare but it’s genuine. That’s how he can support an entire channel.
60) 31) dialog: I prefer to think of it as a mirror. At that moment, Truman - still live on the screen - unwittingly punctuates the pretentious remark with a belc Christof and the Interviewer try not to notice.
60) 32) dialog: Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
60) 34) dialog: We find many viewers leave him on all night for comfort. Haven’t you ever watched your child or your lover sleep?
60) 44) dialog: Thank you.
60) 46) dialog: Working on “Truman” has always been a huge commitment for an actor, not just in terms of separation from friends and family, but since Truman essentially drives the plot, it is a never-ending improvisation - witness Marlon'’s extraordinary performance in the recent "Father And Son Reunion" episode.
60) 48) dialog: Certainly a nomination.
60) 50) dialog: As with our own lives, the only people he can’t cast are his family. Otherwise he has final approval, able to elevate an extra into a lead role as was the case with his only real friend, Marlon, or alternatively relegate a star to a bit player. ~ (CONTINUED)
60) 55) text: Christof, I’ve admired your work my whole life, although I can’t say I’ve seen it all.
60) 56) dialog: Who can?
60) 58) dialog: (trace of pride) In his entire life, forty-two minutes. A technical fault in the twelfth season accounts for most of that time. The remainder generally results from blindspots, in the early days, when Truman would stray out of range of our cameras.
60) 60) dialog: {turning to the screen) Let me demonstrate with some examples. Footage of TRUMAN as a baby appears on the screen - as a newborn INFANT, held in a pair of anonymous latex-gloved hands, and as a TODDLER, dressed in various baby outfits one occasion looking through the bars of his crib.
60) 61) dialog: He was curious from birth - premature by two weeks, as if he couldn’t wait to get started.
60) 66) dialog: (enthusing) In competition with five other unwanted pregnancies - the casting of a show determined by an air date - he was the one who arrived on cue.
60) 68) dialog: That's correct.
60) 70) dialog: People forget it takes the population of an entire country to keep the show running.
60) 72) dialog: --Why is an artist plagued with these questions? I've never done this for any monetary gain.
60) 74) dialog: Yes, everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in-- (CONTINUED)
60) 78) dialog: There's nothing on the show I don't use myself.
60) 81) dialog: We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented. As the show expanded, naturally we were forced to manufacture ways to keep Truman in Seahaven - demonstrating that every venture is accompanied by a risk. The SEVEN-YEAR-OLD TRUMAN we have seen in other flashback appears on the screen. Wearing a cowboy outfit, he goes t cross the walkway of a bridge when he is suddenly confron by a savage DOG wearing a spiked collar.
60) 82) dialog: Later, Kirk’s drowning made much of this kind of intervention unnecessary. We freeze on seven-year old Truman's terrified face.
60) 84) dialog: I've been tempted. But I think it's important to retain objectivity. I wouldn't want to get emotionally caught up. (CONTINUED)
60) 89) dialog: (sensing the thinly disguised resentment in the Caller’s voice) As the Bard says, "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players." The only difference between Truman and ourselves is that his life is more thoroughly documented. He is confronted with the same obstacles and influences that confront us all. He plays his allotted roles as we all do--
60) 91) dialog: (rising to the challenge) And can you tell me, caller, that you're not a player on the stage of life - playing out your allotted role? He can leave at any time. If his was more than just a vague ambition, if he were absolutely determined to discover the truth, there’s no way we could prevent him. I think what really distresses you, Caller, is that ultimately Truman prefers the comfort of his "cell" as you call it.
61) 1) dialog: (from the television) We’ve learnt about life as Truman has and, despite the complaints of a minority, it’s been an overwhelmingly positive experience, for Truman and for the viewing public.
61) 4) text: Christof? Congratulations on the way you've always handled Truman's "sex"-life - the classical music, soft lighting and so on. But has the recent violence caused a problem for the show’s sponsors?
61) 5) dialog: The sponsors know the risks going in, although we do try to maintain standards - a level of decorum. For instance, I‘ve never put a camera in the toilet. Still in silhouette, SYLVIA turns down the volume on the television. Focusing on the window on the screen that displays TRUMAN, she comes close to the screen, catching melancholy, saddened by his regression.
63) 0) text: The giant ON-AIR monitor in the control room plays a clos shot of Truman sleeping. CHRISTOF comes close to the monitor and almost touches th screen. As he does so, Truman twitches in his sleep. INT. BATHROOM. MORNING. i111 TRUMAN wipes the mist from the mirror of the bathroom cab and stares into it in a way he has never done before.
68) 0) text: CHRISTOF stands at a large, specially screened window, silhouetted against the twinkling stars and full moon of hyper-real nightsky. Members of the cast enter the room - principal characters Truman's life - MERYL, MARLON, MOTHER, KIRK, TYRONE, LAWR and the new actress, VIVIAN. They take their places aroun long, oval table for a story conference - Vivian sitting slightly apart from the rest of the cast. We glimpse over Christof’s shoulder at what he sees - the town of Seahaven far below, bathed in moonlight. He comes out of his reverie and joins his cast, sitting at the hea the table. In front of him, a TV "tablet" plays silently showing Truman drinking a glass of milk in his kitchen.
68) 1) dialog: (to the assembled cast) First of all, I'd like to welcome Walter back onto the show. (nods in Kirk’s direction) You may have done us more of a favor than you ever imagined. (turning to Meryl, using her real name) Regrettably, I also have to inform you that Hannah has chosen not to renew her contract. All eyes turn to Meryl. She looks at the floor.
68) 2) dialog: I'm sure we can all respect her reasons. Meryl receives a sympathetic squeeze of the hand from her star Marlon, now out of wardrobe, wearing an Armani suit. (CONTINUED)
68) 6) dialog: As you all know, we have already begun to orchestrate her break-up from Truman. (more up-beat) However, on a more optimistic note, I‘m pleased to announce that television’s first on-air conception will still take place. You witnessed the initial contact this morning. (glancing to Vivien, once again using her real name) You all know Claudia from her work in theatre.
68) 9) dialog: (referring to the documents) This is a copy of Claudia’s back story. Her character’s name is "Vivien". The cast idly flips through the documents, prominently stamped on the cover, "NOT TO BE TAKEN ON SET”.
68) 10) dialog: We intend to entice Truman into the affair as soon as possible. Claudia will make a pass at the insurance seminar Truman's attending. Details are in your schedules. (pause for effect) I don’t have to tell you how critical the next few weeks will be. This takes us into the next generation. When Truman‘’s child is born, the network will be © switching to a two-channel format to chronicle both lives.
68) 12) dialog: There will simply be duplicate coverage. (CONTINUED)
70) 8) dialog: Why is he in the basement?
70) 10) dialog: Why wasn't I told? Any unpredictable behavior has to be reported. {returning to the screen) Is that the best shot we can get?
70) 12) dialog: What’s on the ClockCam? The operator punches up the camera hidden inside a broken cuckoo clock. A box obscures the view.
70) 16) dialog: (referring to the debris in Truman‘s basement) What happened down there?
70) 18) dialog: I want to check the set-ups for tomorrow's insurance convention. Reading off the notes in Chloe's folder, the Operator pun a batch of camera angles on smaller preview monitors. The a generic-looking hotel, devoid of actors. A banner in re reads, “Welcome Seahaven Life and Accident”. The Operator looks to Christof for approval and realizes producer's attention has wandered. Christof has wandered down to the front of the room to stand beside the giant O AIR monitor still displaying the sleeping figure of Truma
70) 19) dialog: Give me a shot from Truman’s ring.
70) 21) dialog: (a trace of concern) Why is he so still? Christof picks up a spare headset from the panel and puts to his ear.
70) 22) dialog: Isolate the audio. An operator pushes up an audio fader on the panel. Christ and his colleagues listen to Truman’s steady breathing in their headphones.
70) 26) dialog: Give me a preview. An ECU on his torso. A camera hidden in the room's lamp zooms in to Truman’s p outline. While the breathing remains steady, the body doe not rise and fall. Christof, still listening to his headphones, detects a faint scratching sound followed by strange thud.
70) 27) dialog: {anxious, barking a command to Chloe) Phone him. Chloe picks up a phone connected to the desk and dials.
70) 28) dialog: {anticipating Chloe’s question) Tell him it’s a wrong number. The upstairs phone begins to ring. Truman doesn’t flinch.
72) 0) text: CHRISTOF and SIMEON concentrate on another, separate moni playing in fast-rewind, time code in the bottom right-han corner. It is a recording of the night‘s transmission. Simeon pauses on the last on-camera appearance by Truman. They watch Truman, on-screen, switch off the basement lig and climb into the cot bed fully clothed, immediately pul the covers over his head. As the light is switched off, t recording camera automatically switches to night vision. Simeon continues to play at normal speed, now and then scrolling forward in fast-forward mode. Christof suddenly points to the screen.
72) 1) dialog: There. Freeze...Zoom into the chair... Simeon types the appropriate command. (CONTINUED)
72) 5) dialog: Enhance. ..there! On the blown-up screen, between a cardboard box and a cha leg, it is barely possible to make out Truman’s hand as h crawls commando-style from beneath the covers and behind cardboard box near the large tool cupboard. Simeon points out an angle of the empty staircase.
73) 0) text: CHRISTOF stares, wide-eyed, at the image on the On-Air monitor of MARLON.
73) 1) dialog: Find him, Marlon!
75) 1) dialog: Marlon, don’t look at the camera! Say something!
75) 3) dialog: {to Simeon, quiet but firm) Cut transmission. Simeon hesitates, unsure if he has heard correctly. He lo to Christof for confirmation, his finger poised over an “EMERGENCY” button. (CONTINUED)
75) 7) dialog: (enraged) I said, “Cut!” Christof lunges forward and presses the button himself. T scene in Truman’s bedroom playing on the on-air monitor i abruptly replaced by the “TRUMAN” logo and the message, “TECHNICAL FAULT. PLEASE STAND BY.”
79) 0) text: Reminiscent of a military headquarters in wartime, the control room is a scene of barely controlled panic. SECUR GUARDS come and go, phones ring, lights flash, every available VIDEO MIXER is working. The monitors - the “eye of the searchers - are systematically scrutinized for any sign of Truman. CHRISTOF orchestrates operations from his position at the center of the control panel.
79) 2) dialog: All prop cars accounted for?
84) 0) text: CHRISTOF turns to a LIGHTING TECHNICIAN.
84) 1) dialog: We need more light.
86) 0) text: CHRISTOF glances impatiently at his watch.
86) 1) dialog: We'll never find him like this. What time is it?
86) 3) dialog: It doesn't matter. Cue the sun. 135 136 137 138 139 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 95
88) 4) dialog: (unconcerned, referring to the static “STAND BY” graphic, now accompanied by soothing classical music) Why? We’re getting higher ratings for that graphic than any time in the show's history.
91) 5) dialog: (deadpan) We tell him the truth. CHLOE looks askance at CHRISTOF.
91) 6) dialog: (joking darkly) We're making a movie.
94) 2) dialog: (distracted) What have we missed?
94) 4) dialog: (to Simeon} We’re not watching the sea.
94) 6) dialog: Sweep the harbor. His COLLEAGUES begin to flick through dozens of waterborn hidden camera shots - in moored craft, lighthouses and bu - trying to locate Truman. Suddenly on one of the monitors there appears a single sa etched against the horizon.
94) 9) dialog: Resume transmission. Simeon punches a button and the image of the sail boat is instantly transferred to the large ON-AIR Monitor. INT. OLD WOMEN’S APARTMENT. NIGHT. 143 The TWO OLD WOMEN doze against each other on the sofa in front of the Tv. (CONTINUED)
95) 1) dialog: (staring intently at the ON-AIR monitor) What do we have on that boat? SIMEON scans a computer shot list. He types in a code. A camera from the mast of Truman’s sail boat activates. T unaware of the camera, is concentrating on his sailing.
99) 0) text: CHRISTOF and the other PRODUCTION STAFF watch TRUMAN from buoy’s POV as he sails by. (CONTINUED)
99) 3) dialog: Get another boat.
102) 2) dialog: (glancing to Simeon) How else? Christof nods to controls on the mixing desk marked, “WIN and “RAIN”.
104) 0) text: 152 MOSES and ROMAN pace at the back of the control room. CHRISTOF is focused on his monitor. Like Truman, he steel himself for a fight.
104) 1) dialog: Cue misic...
104) 3) dialog: (irritated) Storm music...Wagner...
104) 6) dialog: He was born in front of a live audience. (never taking his eyes from the screen) Don‘t worry, he’s not willing to risk his life. His doubts will turn him back. Simeon reluctantly winds the controls for “WAVE”, “WIND” “RAIN” towards their maximum settings.
104) 7) dialog: Kill the lights.
106) 0) text: In contrast to his panic-striken COLLEAGUES, CHRISTOF giv an outward appearance of calm. Only we witness the minute bead of sweat appearing at his temple that betrays him.
106) 3) dialog: (defiant, to Operators) Keep running!
106) 5) dialog: I take full responsibility--
106) 7) dialog: (to OPERATOR in front of radar-style screen) How close is he?
106) 12) dialog: Capsize him! Tip him over!
106) 16) dialog: {enraged, to the Operators) Do it! All eyes turn in Christof’s direction. None of the Operat is willing to touch the controls. Christof reaches to the panel and does it himself, turnin the "WAVE" controls to their maximum settings.
111) 0) text: CHRISTOF and his PRODUCTION STAFF take in Truman’s reacti in stunned silence.
113) 0) text: The control room CREW stare in silence at the monitor - t very livelihood on the brink of vanishing. CHRISTOF opens small panel on his desk, breaks a seal, and speaks into t emergency P.A. system that is linked to the entire studio
113) 1) dialog: Truman!
113) 3) dialog: Truman! TRUMAN drops the handle as if his hand has been burned. H looks all about him.
113) 4) dialog: You can speak. I can hear you. Truman takes a moment to overcome his fear and astonishme
113) 6) dialog: I’m the creator. Truman looks up to the “heavens”.
113) 10) dialog: A show - that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions.
113) 12) dialog: You're the star. Truman struggles to take it all in.
113) 14) dialog: You were real. That's what made you so good to watch. Truman takes out the drenched picture of Sylvia, recallin her words at the beach.
114) 0) text: CHRISTOF picks up a slim, flat monitor. He swivels in his chair and gazes intently at the image of Truman he now ho his hands.
114) 1) dialog: Listen to me, Truman-- On the screen, Truman again reaches for the door handle.
115) 0) text: We focus on TRUMAN's hand. CHRISTOF's voice echoes across the water.
115) 1) dialog: You can leave if you want. I won't try to stop you. But you won't survive out there. You don't know what to do, where to go. A wave of doubt washes over Truman's face. (CONTINUED)
115) 5) dialog: Truman, I've watched you your whole life. I saw you take your first step, your first word, your first kiss. I know you better than you know yourself. You're not going to walk out that door--
116) 0) text: TRUMAN turns back to the sky, looking up towards CHRISTOF
116) 1) dialog: Truman, there’s no more truth out there than in the world I created for you ~ the same lies and deceit. But in my world you have nothing to fear. Truman seems to be considering the possibilities. He look to the identikit picture of Sylvia in his hand.
116) 2) dialog: (suddenly angry) Say something, damn it! You're still on camera, live to the world...!