4) 5) dialog: I want to be an entrepreneur like my dad.
4) 7) dialog: He makes a lot of money, Ma'am.
14) 0) text: A half-constructed bridge, paved but unmarked, ends abrup in mid-air - reinforcing steel protruding from the concre TRUMAN stands at the end of the unfinished bridge with MARLON, thirties, a well-filled physique. Marlon drinks b from a can while Truman addresses a teed-up golf ball wit number three wood. The headlights of their two parked car light the cement "fairway". Their target is a sign at the far end of the bridge proclaiming, "THE SEAHAVEN CAUSEWAY Linking Seahaven Island With The Rest Of The World - Your Dollars At Work" - an upturned plastic cone at the foot o the sign is the "hole". Truman winds up and swings, making healthy contact with t ball. The ball arches away into the night sky. From a new angle we see the ball take a huge hop on the outside lane the abandoned freeway and continue down the asphalt beyon the sign. Marlon tosses Truman another off-white ball from a bucket badly scarred golf balls. Truman sets the ball up on the makeshift tee area and launches himself into his second s With a slight fade, the second ball carries even further the first.
14) 1) dialog: Whose nuts were those? Truman hands Marlon their sole golf club without comment. Marlon tees up a ball of his own. He uses orange golf bal
14) 3) dialog: {mild interest only} Yeah? Outta what? (CONTINUED)
14) 8) dialog: Outta your job? What the hell's wrong with your job? You gotta great job. You gotta desk job. I'd kill for a desk job. Marlon addresses the ball and swings - a sweeping hook sh that bounces off the freeway and into the water hazard.
14) 9) dialog: (annoyed by the errant tee shot) Sonofabitch. (still looking in the direction of his ball) Try stocking vending machines for a living. My biggest decision of the day is whether the Almond Joys look better next to the Snickers or the Baby Ruths. Truman selects another “M” ball from the bucket and tosse to Marlon.
14) 11) dialog: (skeptical, picking up his beer) Where is there to go? Truman gulps his beer as he prepares his answer.
14) 13) dialog: (impressed) Fiji? Where the hell is Fiji exactly? Near Florida? You can't drive there, can you? (CONTINUED)
14) 17) dialog: (still dubious) So when are you leaving?
14) 19) dialog: Nursery?
14) 21) dialog: I never knew anybody who wanted to leave Seahaven. An awkward moment. Truman, once again, not so sure of him
16) 0) text: TRUMAN and MARLON wander along the empty bridge, retrievi the golf balls. Marion goes to say something to the disconsolate Truman, is momentarily distracted. He raises his hand to his ear. Truman places another of the balls in the bucket.
16) 1) dialog: Truman, you know, I did think about moving away one time.
16) 3) dialog: I figured, what’s the point? I knew I’d just be taking my problems with me. Once the kids came along, it made me look at Seahaven with new eyes. (gazing out at the lights of Seahaven) I realized, what the hell could be better than this? (putting a hand on Truman’s shoulder) I'm telling you. What you really need is someone to carry on the “Burbank” name.
16) 5) dialog: Trust me. Marlon picks up the last ball at the mouth of the upturne cone. The ball is white.
16) 6) dialog: (checking the ball) You win. They approach Truman’s car. Truman opens the trunk to deposit their humble golfing equipment. Inside are the remains of the fallen light fixture.
16) 10) dialog: (unimpressed) Sure. It’s halogen. Shame it didn’t hit you - you could’ve sued, (quickly changing the subject) You coming for a drink?
25) 17) dialog: (punching Truman in a chummy way on the arm, referring to Truman’s books) Take the "C" average. That's what I do. Truman looks up from his books. The library is almost deserted. He spies a GIRL's hand around the table divider Truman musters the nerve to poke his head over the divide finds LAUREN on the other side, buried in a book.
36) 6) dialog: (startled) --Truman, what are you doing here? Truman looks nervously around him. Even the STORE OWNER’s friendly nod from behind the counter is cause for suspici in Truman’s mind.
36) 8) dialog: Sorry, I’m way behind.
36) 10) dialog: Are you okay?. You look like shit.
36) 15) dialog: Mixed up? Mixed up in what?
36) 17) dialog: (bemused) No. Truman, if this is another one of your fantasies...
36) 19) dialog: Your Dad?!
36) 21) dialog: (looking around, instantly protective) Who?
36) 23) dialog: (referring to an OLD COUPLE entering the deli) How about them?
36) 27) dialog: {closing up the vending machine) I told you I can’t.
36) 29) dialog: {weakening) Christ, Truman. You’re gonna get both our asses fired. EXT. SEAHAVEN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. DAY. TRUMAN hurries MARLON up the school steps. The sound of children’s voices continues to drift out from inside the building. Truman and Marlon storm into the school recepti area - still empty. INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR. DAY. TRUMAN and MARLON stand outside the classroom, the source the children's voices. Truman throws his friend an "I-tol you-so" look and swings open the door with a flourish. INT. CLASSROOM. DAY. The once-empty classroom is now full of SCHOOL CHILDREN i art class. A hush falls over the students and all eyes tu to TRUMAN and MARLON.
36) 34) dialog: What’re we doing here, Truman?
36) 36) dialog: What exactly?
36) 38) dialog: (blank) No.
36) 40) dialog: I went all over but I never found a place like this. (nodding to the setting sun) Look at that sunset, Truman. It’s perfect.
36) 42) dialog: (glancing heavenwards) That‘s the “Big Guy”. Quite a paintbrush he’s got.
36) 44) dialog: Really?
52) 32) dialog: Truman? It’s me, Marlon. TI need to talk to you. Truman flinches. He was so convinced it would be the poli He takes a step back against the hallway wall. Before he decide what to do, MARLON has opened the unlocked front d to be confronted with the sight of Truman holding the pee to Meryl’s throat. Marion locks eyes with Truman. Sizing up the situation, h slowly but decisively removes the peeler from Truman’s ha Meryl wrenches herself free from Truman’s now limp grasp collapses into Marlon’s arms, sobbing.
53) 0) text: MARLON and TRUMAN, both nursing bottles of beer, sit on t end of the unfinished bridge.
53) 2) dialog: It’s a lot of world for one man. You sure that’s not wishful thinking, you wishing you'd made something more of yourself? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
53) 6) dialog: Tru, we've known each other since before we were in long pants. The only way we ever made it through high school was cheating off each other’s test papers. Jesus, they were identical. I always liked that, because whatever the answer was-- Truman chimes in, nodding fondly at the-memory.
53) 8) dialog: The only night either of us ever spent in jail, we spent together and I wet myself but you never told anyone. I was best man at your wedding and my brother was best man at my wedding and you didn’t talk to me for a month over that and I didn’t blame you because you’ve been more of a brother to me than he’s ever been. Truman is slowly coming around - Marlon’s speech from the heart soothing away his pain.
53) 9) dialog: I know things haven't worked out for either of us like we used to sit up on Monroe Avenue all night and dream they would. We all let opportunities pass us by. None of us asks for the dance as often as we should. I know that feeling when it’s like everything's slipping away and you don’t want to believe it so you look for answers someplace else. But, well, the point is, I would gladly step in front of traffic for you. 98 99
55) 1) dialog: (staring into Truman’s eyes) And the last thing I’d ever do is lie to you. (pause) Think about it, Truman, if everybody’s in on it, I’d have to be in on it too. I’m not in on it, because there is no it.
55) 3) dialog: (meeting his gaze) Not the whole thing, Truman. You were right about one thing.
55) 5) dialog: The thing that started all of this. TRUMAN looks up in the direction of MARLON’s gaze. A FIGU stands at the end of the freeway - a homeless man. It is father, KIRK.
55) 6) dialog: Yes, he survived somehow. He's got quite a story to tell. Marlon helps Truman to his feet - Truman still transfixed the figure.
55) 7) dialog: Go to him.
57) 0) text: FATHER and SON remain in the embrace. Over Truman’s shoul we see a flash of guilt flicker across MARLON’s face.
64) 0) text: Close up on the giant ON-AIR monitor in the control room. It displays a wide shot of Truman staring into the bathro mirror. We slowly pull back to reveal SIMEON and the other VIDEO OPERATORS sitting at the mixing desks arranged in tiers reminiscent of an auditorium or NASA's Mission Control. Each mixing desk contains a dozen-or-so built-in monitors and is designated with a location such as “Truman's House - Interior", "Truman's Office - Cubicle", "Tyrone's Deli" The operator at each desk, sitting in a swivel chair and wearing the slimmest of heatsets, is responsible for monitoring a particular location. The monitors cover virtually every facet of Truman's life Camera angles from the interior of Truman’s house, his backyard, car, office, the deli he frequents, the seashor to which he is drawn, the unfinished bridge where he golf with Marlon - many of the locations strangely devoid of people. Simeon, seated in the front row of mixing desks, stares b at Truman's image on the monitor, slightly unnerved.
68) 0) text: CHRISTOF stands at a large, specially screened window, silhouetted against the twinkling stars and full moon of hyper-real nightsky. Members of the cast enter the room - principal characters Truman's life - MERYL, MARLON, MOTHER, KIRK, TYRONE, LAWR and the new actress, VIVIAN. They take their places aroun long, oval table for a story conference - Vivian sitting slightly apart from the rest of the cast. We glimpse over Christof’s shoulder at what he sees - the town of Seahaven far below, bathed in moonlight. He comes out of his reverie and joins his cast, sitting at the hea the table. In front of him, a TV "tablet" plays silently showing Truman drinking a glass of milk in his kitchen.
68) 16) dialog: (uncharacteristically flippant) When Truman dies do we go back to the single channel? The cast turns in his direction. Christof shoots him a disapproving look. INT. TRUMAN’S BASEMENT. NIGHT. 116 TRUMAN sleeps on a cot bed in his basement - more clutter than usual. A virtual bombsite - dozens of cardboard boxe stacked everywhere. Although he is covered in bedding, hi sock-clad feet stick out of the bed covers. The outline o his body is still clearly visible. He snores quietly.
72) 7) dialog: Tru!..Tru!..Earthquake alert...flood! We've gotta get outside onto the street! Tru?! Frustrated, Marlon picks up one of Meryl’s carefully nurt flower pots from beneath the porch window.
72) 8) dialog: (shouting a warning) I’m coming in, Tru! Marlon hurls the flower pot through the window. INT. TRUMAN‘S HOUSE - BASEMENT. NIGHT. 122 MARLON switches on the light and clambers down the wooden stairs to the basement. He pushes away the clutter and finally stands at his co-s bedside. He gingerly lifts the covers. Beneath the beddin clothes have been carefully piled to resemble a sleeping figure - socks placed on the end of two tree branches. Buried amongst the clothes is Truman’s portable tape reco Marlon places the recorder next to his ear. The cassette the sound of TRUMAN BREATHING. 123 124
73) 0) text: CHRISTOF stares, wide-eyed, at the image on the On-Air monitor of MARLON.
74) 0) text: MARLON starts frantically pushing aside the clutter, send Truman's model ships and other hobbies crashing to the fl Eliminating all other possible hiding places, he confront Truman's tool closet, the wall map of the Fiji Islands st hanging on the door. Marlon rips open the door and is hit with a shaft of light - moonlight. The top of the closet has been removed and a crude tunnel containing a ladder heads almost directly upwards to the outside of the house. The bottom of the closet is ankle d with dirt. Embedded in the tunnel wall-is Meryl's Chef's Mate - Truman's digging implement. EXT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE. NIGHT. 124a MARLON's head pops up outside the house. Unable to help himself, Marlon looks directly into a wide shot camera concealed in a streetlight.
75) 2) dialog: (to streetlight, stunned, breaking the fourth wall) What? He’s gone!
92) 0) text: TRUMAN has broken away from the line of SEARCHERS. However, as he bypasses the entrance to a ticket box, he hasn‘t bargained on coming face to face with another straggler from the search. MARLON. Truman freezes in front of his childhood companio Marion instantly seeing through Truman’s homeless disguis Truman glances nervously in the direction of the searcher Their backs to the two men, they are beginning their next sweep. One shout from Marlon will give Truman away - he i at Marlon’s mercy. Without a word, Marlon walks past Truman and rejoins the Truman glances back to Marlon’s retreating figure but Mar never looks back.