0) 0) text: MERYL, wearing a stylish robe, sits at the kitchen table sipping coffee. On the table in front of her lies a parce TRUMAN enters and glances at the gift.
0) 2) dialog: It’s a surprise. TRUMAN unwraps the parcel - an expensive-looking set. of exercise sweats. (CONTINUED)
0) 6) dialog: (eager for his response) Well, what do you think?
0) 8) dialog: (handing him the sweat top) Try it on. Truman pulls the top over his head. As he does so, a clos shot focuses on the manufacturer’s name.
0) 9) dialog: I thought you could wear them when you do your exercises. (afterthought) Pre-shrunk. And they breathe. EXT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE. DAY. Wearing a business suit, briefcase in hand, TRUMAN emerge from his pleasant, Victorian-inspired, picket-fenced hous into an idyllic suburban street of similarly picturesque homes. A neighbor, SPENCER, is taking in trashcans, whistling a tune. Spencer breaks off abruptly as Truman approaches his car. His license plate reads, “Seahaven - Nice Place To Live".
13) 16) dialog: Hi, honey. Look at this. (proudly referring to the device) It’s a "Chef's-Mate". Dicer, slicer and Peeler in one. Never needs sharpening. Dishwasher safe.
13) 18) dialog: (referring to the uncut grass) You missed a section. Meryl enters the house. Truman restarts the lawnmower and obediently pushes it towards the offending patch of lawn. the mower brushes up against the unconforming blades of grass, Truman pulls back abruptly. He checks the kitchen window for Meryl and wheels the mower away, leaving the p uncut. 25 INT. TRUMAN’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. 25 MERYL is removing the cap of her nurse’s uniform when TRU enters.
13) 20) dialog: (matter-of-fact) A man tripped and fell on a chainsaw. (shrug) We got three of his fingers back on. Truman retrieves a bucket of golf balls and a golf club f behind the door.
13) 21) dialog: (disappointed at the sight of the golf equipment) I was hoping we could have a special evening.
13) 25) dialog: (sensing something odd in his demeanor) Did something happen today? Truman turns to her too sharply, his guilt showing.
20) 0) text: The drenched TRUMAN enters to find MERYL in the unfinishe nursery, comparing wallpaper samples. Meryl wears a robe, glimpse of black negligee beneath.
20) 1) dialog: Where have you been?
20) 3) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Oh, God.
20) 5) dialog: (exasperated) Every time you and Marlon--
20) 7) dialog: And then what, Truman? We’d be back to . where we were five years ago. You’re talking like a teenager.
20) 9) dialog: We're mortgaged to the eyeballs, Truman. There's the car payments. Are we just going to walk away from our financial obligations? Truman, still dripping on the floor, holds Meryl by the a He talks excitedly to her the way we imagine he did when were courting.
20) 13) dialog: I thought we were going to try for a baby. Isn't that enough of an adventure?
20) 15) dialog: You want to be an explorer? You don’t even have a passport, Truman. I bet you don’t even know how to get one, The words sting. Truman turns away. Seeing the pain she’s caused, she changes tack.
20) 16) dialog: This’1l pass. Everybody thinks like this now and then. (making an attempt at seduction) Come to bed.
24) 25) dialog: What’re you doing down here? (CONTINUED)
24) 29) dialog: I know.
24) 31) dialog: Your mother called. You shouldn’t upset her like that. Meryl's response takes the wind out of Truman's sails.
24) 33) dialog: I made macaroni.
24) 35) dialog: We really ought to toss that mower out. Get one of those new Elk Rotaries. Truman does not reply. After an uncomfortable pause, she turns back up the stairs. Truman waits a moment before re-opening the trunk. He removes the cardigan and holds it up, reminiscing.
25) 12) dialog: Come on, Truman. Haven't you studied enough?
37) 5) dialog: Look, Truman, there's my cousin Errol putting the bouquet down his pants - it was the happiest day of our lives.
37) 10) dialog: T'11 take you home, Angela. (referring to the albums) Why don't you leave those with us for a while?
37) 12) dialog: (a wink to Truman) See you in a minute, sweetheart. Meryl departs with Mother. Left alone in the living room, Truman slumps back down onto the sofa and switches on the television set - an old-fashioned model with rabbit-ears. He idly studies the photograph album as an over-earnest television HOST announces the upcoming program.
39) 0) text: TRUMAN, dressed casually in weekend attire, is at the sto preparing an omelette. MERYL hurries into the kitchen in .Murse’s uniform. She gulps down a cup of coffee and reac for her nurse’s cap. However, she still has time to adjust the position of a p "FibreCon Cereal" - squaring it a little more to camera.
39) 2) dialog: (kissing him on the cheek) I’m sorry, I’m late.
39) 4) dialog: Surgery. The elevator disaster downtown on the news last night. Cable snapped, a car dropped ten floors. Non-union contractors. Monsters. We‘re starting with an amputation. Truman’s eyes widen. Meryl adjusts her hat in the mirror.
39) 5) dialog: That building's near yours. Imagine if you'd been in there for some reason. It doesn’t bear thinking about. Truman, lost in thought, picks up the scalding frying pan his bare hand. Letting out a howl of pain, he drops the p
39) 10) dialog: Oh, my God!
39) 12) dialog: I don’t know--
39) 14) dialog: Put some butter on it--or ice? She looks up at the kitchen clock.
39) 15) dialog: (hurrying out the door) Oh, look at the time. Truman stares after her, the pain of his hand forgotten f moment. He watches Meryl ride her bicycle down the drivew Truman exits the house.
40) 0) text: Riding a bicycle of his own, TRUMAN follows MERYL to work staying a safe distance back. He watches her enter the hospital.
43) 0) text: The NURSE, hastily scrubbed and gowned, enters the theatr hesitates but dares not enter. He grabs a mask of his own Looking through the glass window in the operating theatre door, he sees the YOUNG WOMAN (seen in the hastily fixed elevator car the day before) lying on the operating table blood-soaked bandage covering her left leg. MERYL, wearin surgical gown and mask, assists the SURGEON. The SISTER hovers nervously in the background.
49) 0) text: TRUMAN, staring at the highway from the bottom of the gar doesn’t bother to look up as MERYL, still wearing her nur uniform, approaches.
49) 7) dialog: (mocking) Where’s the motorcycle? Truman is momentarily disappointed.
49) 9) dialog: I invited Marlon and Rita for a barbeque Sunday. I thought I’d make my potato salad. Remind me--
49) 11) dialog: ~--we need more charcoal. TRUMAN . Are you listening to a word I'm saying?
49) 12) dialog: You're upset because you want to go to Fiji. Is that it?
49) 16) dialog: Okay, do it. Get it out of your system. Save for a few months and go. There. Happy now? I'm going to take a shower. She turns away.
49) 18) dialog: What?! Despite her protests, Truman drags Meryl towards his car. ‘TRUMAN (as he shoves her into the car) I’m ready to go now. Why wait? INT. TRUMAN’S CAR. DAY. 90 TRUMAN holds MERYL‘s wrist to stop her exiting the car an accelerates out of the driveway in reverse without lookin almost running over PLUTO the dog and SPENCER with his garbage can. Truman starts circling a gazebo at the center of a roundabout, faster and faster.
49) 20) dialog: (trying to mask her anxiety) You hate gambling.
49) 22) dialog: So why do you want to go?
49) 27) dialog: Truman, I think I'm going to throw up. Truman roars off down the street.
49) 31) dialog: (incredulous) You blaming me for the traffic?
49) 34) dialog: Would you please slow down, Truman? Truman floors the car. The car flies past their house.
49) 35) dialog: Truman, that was our house! (CONTINUED)
49) 39) dialog: (pleading) Let me out, Truman. You’re not right in the head. You want to destroy yourself, you do it on your own!
49) 44) dialog: {looking up ahead at an overturned car) There's been an accident, Truman.
49) 52) dialog: Truman, it's a child. I've got to help -
49) 54) dialog: Truman, I took the "hypocrite" oath!
49) 57) dialog: Truman, what about that sign?
49) 59) dialog: What about that - do you believe that?! TRUMAN experiences his first moment of doubt. He looks to the terrified MERYL, then closes his eyes tightly and accelerates through the fire wall. He is startled to find that they have emerged on the other side, singed but unscathed. . (CONTINUED)
49) 63) dialog: So what do we do for money when we get to New Orleans?
49) 65) dialog: So we just eat into our savings, is that the idea? I'd better call your mother when we get there. She'll be worried sick - I don't know how she's going to take this. Truman appears very unsure of himself.
50) 9) dialog: Truman!! Come back!! Truman flees into the forest.
52) 5) dialog: Thank you.
52) 7) dialog: Let me get you some help, Truman. You're not well.
52) 9) dialog: That‘’s not true. Meryl picks up a package and holds it to camera.
52) 10) dialog: Why don’t I make you some of this new Mococoa Drink? All natural. Cocoa beans from the upper slopes of Mount Nicaragua. No artificial sweeteners--
52) 12) dialog: I’ve tasted other cocoas. This is the best. Truman rises from the table and backs her around the room (CONTINUED)
52) 17) dialog: (frightened but remaining poised) You're having a nervous breakdown, that's what's happening.
52) 19) dialog: Truman, you’re scaring me! Truman looks into her eyes and, with surprising swiftness grabs her wrist and disarms her.
52) 22) dialog: Do something... Upon hearing her remark, Truman‘s eyes widen. Sensing tha she too is addressing a third person, he jerks her head around to read her face.
52) 24) dialog: (incredulous) You’re the one talking to the walls!
52) 29) dialog: Truman, stop it! Suddenly, the front door chimes.
52) 33) dialog: (distraught) How can anyone expect me to carry on under these conditions? This is...unprofessional.
64) 6) dialog: --Truman, you're gonna be late! Truman sighs as he exits the bathroom.
67) 0) text: TRUMAN wheels his lawnmower, deliberately averting his ey from the back of the house. Staring out of the kitchen window, a tall glass of iced tea in her hand, MERYL has b (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: CHRISTOF stands at a large, specially screened window, silhouetted against the twinkling stars and full moon of hyper-real nightsky. Members of the cast enter the room - principal characters Truman's life - MERYL, MARLON, MOTHER, KIRK, TYRONE, LAWR and the new actress, VIVIAN. They take their places aroun long, oval table for a story conference - Vivian sitting slightly apart from the rest of the cast. We glimpse over Christof’s shoulder at what he sees - the town of Seahaven far below, bathed in moonlight. He comes out of his reverie and joins his cast, sitting at the hea the table. In front of him, a TV "tablet" plays silently showing Truman drinking a glass of milk in his kitchen.
74) 0) text: MARLON starts frantically pushing aside the clutter, send Truman's model ships and other hobbies crashing to the fl Eliminating all other possible hiding places, he confront Truman's tool closet, the wall map of the Fiji Islands st hanging on the door. Marlon rips open the door and is hit with a shaft of light - moonlight. The top of the closet has been removed and a crude tunnel containing a ladder heads almost directly upwards to the outside of the house. The bottom of the closet is ankle d with dirt. Embedded in the tunnel wall-is Meryl's Chef's Mate - Truman's digging implement. EXT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE. NIGHT. 124a MARLON's head pops up outside the house. Unable to help himself, Marlon looks directly into a wide shot camera concealed in a streetlight.