24) 0) text: TRUMAN paces impatiently in the living room of his Mother cramped, fussy, doilyed little house full of Burbank fami memorabilia - a cluster of framed photographs is dominate one of his FATHER trimmed with a black ribbon. A toilet flushes and Truman’s MOTHER finally emerges from the next room, She presents something of a contradiction. Although she walks with the aid of a “walker”, she is actually a well- preserved sixty. She wears a glamorous nightgown and a fu head of bleached-blonde hair.
24) 2) dialog: Well, I made it through another night.
24) 4) dialog: Oh, just so. Truman supports Mother.
24) 5) dialog: You know. surprises aren’t good for me. You should really call before you come over, dear.
24) 9) dialog: You look very pale, Truman. Are you taking your vitamin D’s?
24) 11) dialog: I feel certain my condition runs in the family. (putting the back of her hand dramatically to her forehead) Can‘t this wait, dear? He kneels beside her.
24) 14) dialog: It doesn’t sound insane, Truman. I swear I see him ten times a week--in a hundred faces. I almost hugged a perfect stranger in the salon last Thursday.
24) 16) dialog: About time they started cleaning up the trash Downtown. We don't want to end up like the rest of the country.
24) 21) dialog: ~-Darling--
24) 23) dialog: You know he was an only child, like you. {placing a comforting arm around him) I know how bad you feel about what happened--sailing into that storm. But I don't blame you, Truman. I never have. Mother kisses Truman on the cheek.
24) 24) dialog: (referring to her platinum blonde hair) I was thinking about going lighter. What do you think? Truman regards his Mother. Her hair is already impossibly INT. TRUMAN’S BASEMENT. DUSK. 42 The basement is cluttered with junk - ships in bottles, a train track without trains, an oxygen mask, a stringless guitar, many abandoned projects. The basement is dimly li by a single, naked bulb. TRUMAN looks over his shoulder before opening a large walk-in cupboard. On the cupboard door is a wall map of the Pacific Ocean - the Fiji Island are carefully circled. Amongst the many tools and househo implements inside the cupboard is a trunk under a dusty canvas sheet. He pulls the trunk into the room, unfastens the lock and opens the lid. Inside, mementoes from his youth. A "HOW TO SAIL” book, a stack of “GREAT EXPLORERS” magazines, and beneath it all, garment in a drycleaning bag. Truman carefully lifts up t plastic to reveal a young woman's cardigan sweater. He pu the cardigan to his nose and takes in its scent. Footsteps. Truman hastily drops the cardigan in the trunk and shuts the lid. MERYL's legs appear on the stairs.
25) 0) text: A MOTHER, DAUGHTER about 12, and a BABY in a highchair st into camera.
25) 2) dialog: They removed all physical trace of her but they couldn’t erase the memory. (CONTINUED)
25) 8) dialog: (finger to lips) Shhh!
27) 0) text: MOTHER, DAUGHTER and BABY stare into camera.
27) 2) dialog: Because his mother got sick - very, sick. He couldn’t leave her. He’s a kind boy, maybe too kind.
37) 0) text: TRUMAN sits cramped on his sofa. Pulling wider, we discov the cause of his discomfort. He is sandwiched between MER on one side and MOTHER on the other. Mother, the family historian, a stack of photograph albums at her feet, turn the pages of the album on Truman's lap.
37) 2) dialog: Hold on a minute, Dear. (pointing out a photo in the album) Here’s us at Mount Rushmore. You remember, Truman--when Dad was still with us--that was quite a drive. You slept all the way there.
37) 4) dialog: (quickly turning the page) Things always do--when you look back. Mother skips several pages in the album, finally stopping a spread of wedding photos.
37) 6) dialog: (referring to Meryl) Didn’t she look beautiful, Truman? She still does. Mother turns to a blank page in the album.
37) 7) dialog: And there's plenty of room for baby photos. I’d like to hold a grandchild in my arms-- (dabbing her eye with a handkerchief) ~-before I go. Meryl rises from the sofa and helps Mother to her walker. (CONTINUED)
47) 0) text: TRUMAN takes a seat by a window. An awkward silence desce over the bus. The other passengers - a MOTHER with a restless CHILD, several TOURISTS, an OLD COUPLE and the Y SOLDIER - all stare stiffly straight ahead, averting thei eyes from Truman. No one is more uncomfortable than the BUS DRIVER. Beads o perspiration on his head, he fumbles for the gear shift, apparently unsure how to operate it. The gears grind. The OTHER PASSENGERS try not to notice. The CHILD, tuggin her MOTHER’s sleeve, points to Truman. Her mother makes h face the front of the bus. Finally the SUPERVISOR enters ' bus.
68) 0) text: CHRISTOF stands at a large, specially screened window, silhouetted against the twinkling stars and full moon of hyper-real nightsky. Members of the cast enter the room - principal characters Truman's life - MERYL, MARLON, MOTHER, KIRK, TYRONE, LAWR and the new actress, VIVIAN. They take their places aroun long, oval table for a story conference - Vivian sitting slightly apart from the rest of the cast. We glimpse over Christof’s shoulder at what he sees - the town of Seahaven far below, bathed in moonlight. He comes out of his reverie and joins his cast, sitting at the hea the table. In front of him, a TV "tablet" plays silently showing Truman drinking a glass of milk in his kitchen.
68) 7) dialog: I loved your Ophelia.
69) 0) text: The TWO OLD LADIES have nodded off on their sofa in front the television, their breathing and occasional snores ech those of Truman. In the BAR, the WAITRESS - normally an avid viewer - only glances to the screen as she passes with a tray of drinks The MAN in the bath resignedly lets the water out of the and goes to get out. The MOTHER only occasionally glances to the screen as she feeds her BABY. Her DAUGHTER has her eyes closed, bopping her Walkman.