0) 0) text: MERYL, wearing a stylish robe, sits at the kitchen table sipping coffee. On the table in front of her lies a parce TRUMAN enters and glances at the gift.
0) 1) dialog: What‘s that?
0) 7) dialog: They're... (the merest hesitation) perfect. Thank you. Truman returns Meryl’s kiss.
0) 11) dialog: Morning, Spencer. And in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and good night. Spencer’s dog, PLUTO, bounds happily over to Truman.
0) 12) dialog: (petting the dog) Hey, Pluto. Truman exchanges a polite nod with the WASHINGTON’s, an African-American family across the street. MR. WASHINGTON is farewelled by his WIFE and CHILD. (CONTINUED)
1) 0) text: TRUMAN makes his way along the streets of Seahaven past a series of quaint, pastel-shaded cottages.
3) 0) text: Pausing at a traffic light along a seaside road, TRUMAN l through a curious wooden arch to the beach and ocean beyo The sight triggers a memory in his head.
3) 2) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW"
3) 7) dialog: Why? What’s there?
4) 0) text: Through his car window, TRUMAN buys a cup of coffee froma streetside VENDOR.
4) 2) dialog: (placing his fingers to his pulse) Vital signs are good. He pulls into a parking space and sips on the coffee. As .drinks, he becomes aware of a school bell summoning chil to class in the adjacent Elementary School. The image prompts another childhood memory.
4) 9) text: 8 10 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 6
4) 12) dialog: I want to be an explorer {with reverence) ..like Magellan. The School Mistress smiles benevolently.
5) 0) text: TRUMAN walks briskly down the bustling city street. A sna of taxis, buses and COMMUTER traffic. A STREET VENDOR thrusts a pretzel under Truman‘s nose, a CAREER WOMAN tri to catch his eye. Truman stops at a kiosk and buys a newspaper - "THE ISLAN
5) 2) dialog: That's all, Thanks, Errol. Other CUSTOMERS also purchase the morning paper. Tucking copy under his arm, Truman selects a glossy magazine from rack, quickly flicking through the pages. (CONTINUED)
5) 3) text: 10 11 12 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 7
6) 0) text: Truman passes along a row of shops and offices, finally entering a building that proudly proclaims, “Seahaven Lif Accident Inc.” above the entrance. He has evidently taken his teacher's advice. INT. INSURANCE COMPANY - SEAHAVEN LIFE AND ACCIDENT, INC. in a cramped, cluttered cubicle, TRUMAN talks on the tele
6) 1) dialog: (into receiver) ..-okay, okay, let’s call it what it is... I’m not going to lie to you...life insurance is death insurance...you’ve just got to ask yourself two questions... one, in the event of your death, will anyone experience financial loss?...and two, do you care? A CLERK drops a large reference book on Truman’s desk. Truman checks the spine - “MARITIME ACCIDENTS”.
6) 2) dialog: (into receiver) Hold on will you? (to Clerk, referring to the book) This is no good. Lumps all maritime accidents together. I need drownings as a separate category. The Clerk shrugs, returns the book to his cart and contin his rounds.
6) 3) dialog: (returning to his call) ++-just think about what I’ve been saying and let me...hello?... (CONTINUED)
6) 6) dialog: {lowering his voice) Can you connect me with directory inquiries in Fiji? A CO-WORKER suddenly pokes his head over the neigboring c
6) 8) dialog: (embarrassed, mouthing the word) --Can’t talk. (waving off his neighbor, pretending to be on a business call) I'm sorry, Ma’am. If he’s in a coma, he’s probably uninsurable. The Co-Worker disappears back into his own cubicle.
6) 9) dialog: {lowering his voice again) Hello, operator...yes, Fiji...Do you have a listing for a Lauren Garland...? {pause) ..-nothing listed?...what about a Sylvia Garland...“S” for Sylvia...nothing? Okay, thanks... The disconsolate Truman replaces the receiver. Other INSURANCE AGENTS are heading to lunch. Truman puts on his jacket and follows them to the elevators.
7) 0) text: Behind a deli counter, TYRONE, fifties, is having his hai brushed by a YOUNGER MAN. The man fusses one final time t swiftly departs through a rear door just as TRUMAN enters the store. Tyrone has anticipated Truman’s order and has already begun preparing a meatball and mozzarella sandwic an Italian roll. Truman gazes at the sandwich skillfully under construction, pained by his own predictability.
7) 5) dialog: (deadpan) Not bad. I just won the State Lottery.
7) 7) dialog: Tyrone, what if I said I didn’t want meatball today?
7) 10) dialog: You can count on it.
8) 0) text: TRUMAN eats lunch alone at a small, out-of-the-way park dominated by a gazebo. From his briefcase he pulls out an old, hardcoverea book, "To The Ends Of The Earth - The Ag Exploration”. He reads to himself, his sandwich uneaten beside him. Struck by a particular passage, he reads alou
8) 1) dialog: “with a mutiny but half-repressed and starvation imminent, he pressed southward till he found the long-hoped-for straits...” Truman is interrupted by a TRANSIENT in a wheelchair. It the man’s sneakers Truman notices first, over the top of book - they are distinctively initialed, “T.s.”. still un the spell of the account of Magellan, he hands the gratef man his sandwich.
10) 0) text: TRUMAN sits at his desk, making a cold call.
10) 1) dialog: (into receiver) ..-this isn’t about insurance, this is about the great variable - when will Geath occur? Could be a week, a month, a year. Could happen today...A sunbather, minding his own business, gets stabbed in the heart by the tip of a runaway beach umbrella... No way you can guard against that kind of thing, no way at all... The prospect on the other end, unimpressed with Truman's pitch, hangs up. Truman's supervisor, LAWRENCE, younger t Truman by several years, sharper suit, sharper haircut, appears around the corner of the cubicle.
10) 3) dialog: (referring to the island) Welles Park on Harbor Island?
10) 5) dialog: I can’t do it. (searching for a plausible excuse) --I’ve got an appointment--er, dentist. (CONTINUED)
11) 0) text: Truman's car heads out of the city on its way to the ferr INT. SEAHAVEN FERRY TERMINAL. DAY. i7 TRUMAN exits his car. Mustering all his nerve, he marches into the Seahaven terminal and buys a token for the ferry Out of his hearing, TWO FERRY WORKERS observe Truman’s agitated behavior.
11) 4) text: 18 19 20 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 12
11) 6) dialog: (shouting above the wind) Let’s go further, daddy! Let’s go further!
11) 8) dialog: (entreating his father) Please!... Kirk shakes his head ruefully and indulges his son by hea towards the gathering storm clouds on the horizon.
12) 0) text: TRUMAN stands at a payphone. By stretching the payphone’s receiver cord as far as it will go, he is just able to re his arm and leg into the driver’s door of his car. He punctuates his conversation with blasts on the car’s horn while revving the car’s engine with his outstretched foot The few passing MOTORISTS and PEDESTRIANS regard Truman curiously.
12) 1) dialog: (shouting into phone) --I tell you the traffic’s insane. (blasting his horn several times to imitate the sound of gridlock) ..I‘11 never make the ferry in time. What can I do?--what?. +.Lawrence, I can’t hear you! Truman hangs up the phone. wr 4 8 rf eet ge e
13) 0) text: On his way home, a large "DETOUR" sign forces him onto a secondary road, INT. TRUMAN’S CAR - PARKLAND, SEAHAVEN. DAY. 22 TRUMAN drives along a winding road through parkland. He pulls up at a red light - no other traffic around. His attention is caught by an attractive YOUNG WOMAN, sitting a park bench not far from the intersection. She is being taunted by TWO YOUNG THUGS. She attempts to ignore the youths by concentrating on the book on her lap.
13) 7) text: 22 23 24 ¢ "THE TRUMAN SHOW" a4
13) 10) dialog: Hey! Let her go! A huge truck suddenly appears behind Truman's car, its ho blasting, the DRIVER hurling abuse. Truman hesitates as t youths drag the woman into the bushes, conflicted over whether or not to help. The truck driver keeps his hand o the horn. Truman retreats back into his- car and reluctan drives on. EXT. PARKLAND - WOODS. DAY. Truman's car safely out of sight, the YOUTHS promptly rel the YOUNG WOMAN. She calmly brushes herself off, no longe afraid. The young men, no longer angry, retrieve her bag.
13) 14) text: 22 23 24 "THE TRUMAN SHOW" as
13) 17) dialog: Gee, that's great. Looking over Truman’s shoulder, Meryl notices a small, un patch of grass missed by Truman in one of his passes,
13) 19) dialog: How did it go today?
13) 22) dialog: I won't be late. (CONTINUED)
13) 23) text: 25 26 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 16
13) 26) dialog: What could happen? Truman exits.
14) 0) text: A half-constructed bridge, paved but unmarked, ends abrup in mid-air - reinforcing steel protruding from the concre TRUMAN stands at the end of the unfinished bridge with MARLON, thirties, a well-filled physique. Marlon drinks b from a can while Truman addresses a teed-up golf ball wit number three wood. The headlights of their two parked car light the cement "fairway". Their target is a sign at the far end of the bridge proclaiming, "THE SEAHAVEN CAUSEWAY Linking Seahaven Island With The Rest Of The World - Your Dollars At Work" - an upturned plastic cone at the foot o the sign is the "hole". Truman winds up and swings, making healthy contact with t ball. The ball arches away into the night sky. From a new angle we see the ball take a huge hop on the outside lane the abandoned freeway and continue down the asphalt beyon the sign. Marlon tosses Truman another off-white ball from a bucket badly scarred golf balls. Truman sets the ball up on the makeshift tee area and launches himself into his second s With a slight fade, the second ball carries even further the first.
14) 2) dialog: I’m thinking of getting out, Marlon.
14) 7) dialog: Outta my job, outta Seahaven, off this island...out! Marlon takes a practice swing.
14) 10) dialog: {adamant ) Haven't you ever gotten itchy feet? Overcompensating with his second shot, Marlon slices the the other direction. A lucky bounce keeps it on the "gree The ball rolls in the direction of the upturned cone.
14) 12) dialog: (unable to disguise his reverence) Fiji. Marlon considers Truman's suggestion as he sips his beer.
14) 14) text: 26 27 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 18
14) 16) dialog: See here, this is us. (sliding his finger around the other side of the ball) All the way round here, Fiji. You can’t get any further away before you start coming back. (tossing the world in his hand, warming to his subject) Y'know, there are still islands in Fiji where no human being has ever set foot.
14) 18) dialog: It’s not that simple. Takes money, Planning. You can’t just up and go. (heading off Marlon's skepticism) Oh, I'm going to do it, don’t worry about that. I‘ve just got to move slow. Pick my moment. Bonus time’s just around the corner. Soon as I finish the...
14) 20) dialog: Spare room -- I can start thinking about selling up...and I'll be gone. Up and away on that big steel bird. (as if to convince himself) I’m going, don’t you worry about that. Marlon nods even though the concept of taking flight is beyond his imagination.
16) 0) text: TRUMAN and MARLON wander along the empty bridge, retrievi the golf balls. Marion goes to say something to the disconsolate Truman, is momentarily distracted. He raises his hand to his ear. Truman places another of the balls in the bucket.
16) 2) dialog: {interest piqued) Yeah, what happened?
16) 4) dialog: You think so?
16) 7) dialog: (referring to the light) You really think it could’ve dropped off an airliner? (CONTINUED)
16) 8) text: 28 29 30 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 20
16) 11) dialog: I can’t tonight.
17) 0) text: From the POV of the lighthouse’s lantern room, we observe TRUMAN sitting on the beach staring out to sea. Closer on Truman. He has a portable tape recorder slung o his shoulder and points a corded microphone at the surf. watch Truman‘s impassive face as he makes the recording o the lapping waves. The lamp from the lighthouse occasiona falls upon Truman.
17) 2) dialog: (crying out) Daddy!!...Daddy!!... His cries go unanswered. Seven-year-old Truman finds hims alone - the storm abruptly passed, the wind suddenly drop the water stilled. The frightened Truman examines the ring he holds in his o hand - his father’s ring - wrenched from his finger in Truman's fight to keep him afloat. 31 32 33
17) 5) dialog: (shouting at the surf) I'm sorry, Dad! I’m sorry! As if in reply, a tongue of lightning flashes across the distant skyline, followed by a growl of thunder.
19) 0) text: TRUMAN is forced to leg it through a sudden rain shower t his car. From Truman’s point-of-view, the shower appears quite nor However, viewed from a distance, we see that the shower i extremely localized, encircling only him, as if a small c is directly above his head, tracking his progress. As Truman crosses the parking lot, the shower crosses wit him. Sensing something amiss, Truman dances back and fort across the street, intrigued by the curious phenomenon. H hums a few bars of “Singin’ In The Rain”. The rain becomes heavier, covering a wider area. Truman r the remaining distance to his car. 34
20) 0) text: The drenched TRUMAN enters to find MERYL in the unfinishe nursery, comparing wallpaper samples. Meryl wears a robe, glimpse of black negligee beneath.
20) 2) dialog: (wringing out his jacket) I’ve been thinking--
20) 4) dialog: (ignoring the reaction) --I figure we could scrape together eight thousand.
20) 6) dialog: --We could bum around the world for a year on that.
20) 8) dialog: Maybe I feel like a teenager.
20) 10) dialog: It'd be an adventure. (CONTINUED)
20) 11) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 23
20) 14) dialog: That can wait. I want to get away. See some of the world. Explore. Meryl gives a derisive laugh.
20) 17) dialog: I think I’m going to stay up for a while. 35 INT. AN OFFICE BUILDING SOMEWHERE - RECEPTION. NIGHT. In the reception area of an office building, TWO UNIFORME GUARDS Grink coffee.
20) 24) dialog: --Five... (two leg-lifts later) Ten...fifteen...two more makes twenty.
21) 0) text: A middle-aged MARRIED COUPLE in identical matching sweats repeat the same eccentric exercises in perfect sync, as i they were in a class led by Truman.
22) 0) text: TRUMAN climbs into the car and switches on the radio. He down the street.
23) 0) text: TRUMAN emerges from the parking lot and as usual stops at newspaper stand. He picks up a glossy magazine and flips through the cosmetic ads, surreptitiously tearing a pair EYES from one of the pages. He returns the magazine to th rack. As usual, the NEWSPAPER VENDOR fails to intervene. Truman begins his daily pilgrimage to work through the ru hour pedestrian traffic. As he enters the street leading to his office, he glimpse HOMELESS MAN reflected in the window of a parked car. Truman, spellbound by the man, suddenly wheels around to him. The Homeless Man, late- fifties, more well-groomed a (CONTINUED)
23) 1) text: 40 "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 2s
23) 3) dialog: (almost to himself, mouthing the word) Dad... Suddenly an ELEGANT WOMAN SHOPPER walking a small WIENER and a BUSINESS EXECUTIVE carrying a briefcase, walking in opposite directions along the sidewalk, grab the Homeless Man. One under each arm, lifting the Homeless Man off the ground, they start to whisk the bewildered derelict down street.
23) 4) dialog: (calling out) Stop! Stop!! Truman begins to give chase. However, the shopper and the businessman are surprisingly fleet-footed. Even more surprising as Truman embarks on the pursuit is the behavi of the PEDESTRIANS and COMMUTERS. They appear to part for the fleeing trio then close ranks in front of him. Is it accidental, or are the pedestrians working together, runn interference?
23) 5) dialog: (shouting at the pedestrians) Outta the way! Outta the way! They are escaping. Truman finally breaks through the pack, bowling over seve of the pedestrians in the process. Just as he gets within reach of the shopper and the businessman, a bus suddenly screeches to a halt beside the abductors, doors already o The Woman Shopper and the Executive bundle the Homeless M onto the bus. Truman lurches after them, but he is met by the bus doors, closing sharply in his face.
23) 6) dialog: (to BUS DRIVER) Hey, stop! Stop the bus!! Truman thumps against the doors, but the BUS DRIVER ignor his cries and the bus roars away. The other PASSENGERS in the bus, apparently oblivious to the incident, keep stari straight ahead.
24) 0) text: TRUMAN paces impatiently in the living room of his Mother cramped, fussy, doilyed little house full of Burbank fami memorabilia - a cluster of framed photographs is dominate one of his FATHER trimmed with a black ribbon. A toilet flushes and Truman’s MOTHER finally emerges from the next room, She presents something of a contradiction. Although she walks with the aid of a “walker”, she is actually a well- preserved sixty. She wears a glamorous nightgown and a fu head of bleached-blonde hair.
24) 1) dialog: (kissing Mother on the cheek) How are you, Mother?
24) 3) dialog: How's your hip?
24) 6) dialog: I’ve got something to tell you. You’d better sit down. Truman helps her into an overstuffed armchair. (CONTINUED)
24) 10) dialog: (exasperated) I spend half my life out in the sun, Mother, why would I need vitamin D?
24) 12) dialog: No, I’m afraid it can’t. Truman takes a deep breath as he prepares to give her the
24) 13) dialog: I know this is going to sound insane, Mother, but...I saw Dad today on Lancaster Circle. He’s alive. Mother smiles condescendingly.
24) 15) dialog: It was Dad, I swear, dressed like a homeless man. And you know what else was really strange? A businessman and a woman with a little dog appeared from nowhere and forced him onto a bus.
24) 17) dialog: (excited) They never found Dad's body - maybe somehow-- (CONTINUED)
24) 22) dialog: (already doubting himself) I’m telling you, if it wasn’t him, it was his twin. Did Dad have a brother?
24) 26) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 29
24) 28) dialog: (turning attention to an upturned mower on the basement floor) Fixing the mower. (matter-of-fact) I saw my father today.
24) 30) dialog: (suspicious) How do you know?
24) 32) dialog: What did you want?
24) 34) dialog: I'm not hungry. Meryl nods, not at all convinced.
25) 13) dialog: I still want to look over a couple of things. (CONTINUED)
25) 18) dialog: Konichi-wa, Lauren looks blank.
25) 19) dialog: (referring to the Japanese text in front of her) You take Japanese.
25) 22) dialog: {extending his hand) I‘m Truman, Truman Burbank--
25) 24) dialog: (resigned) It’s okay. I probably wouldn’t talk to me either.
25) 26) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 32
25) 28) dialog: (crestfallen) You have a boyfriend? Of course you do. Lauren looks about her, unsure.
25) 30) dialog: {hopeful once again) No? Really? Good, I mean, I thought possibly a pizza. How about Friday?
25) 32) dialog: Saturday? Lauren looks around the almost-deserted library.
25) 33) dialog: Actually, I'm free Sunday.
25) 35) dialog: Right now? We’ve got finals tomorrow.
25) 38) dialog: {closing his books, still a little uncertain) I think I've studied enough.
25) 45) dialog: (nervous) I...I can’t. Lauren suddenly stops splashing.
25) 47) dialog: {confused) Why, Lauren? You've got nothing to be sorry about? Lauren, dripping wet, stands beside Truman at the shoreli meets his gaze.
26) 4) dialog: (looking around the deserted beach) Who?
26) 6) dialog: (confused) There's no one here.
26) 8) dialog: (incredulous) --How Go you know about that?
26) 10) text: “THE TRUMAN SEOW" 35
26) 12) dialog: Were you there--how do you know?
26) 14) dialog: I don’t understand.
26) 19) dialog: Hey, who the hell are you?!
26) 21) dialog: We weren't doing anything. (CONTINUED)
26) 22) text: 49 50 51 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 36
26) 26) dialog: I'll take care of her! . The Man takes Truman aside and whispers in his ear.
28) 0) text: TRUMAN turns his attention to the framed photograph of Me that he carries everywhere. Hidden behind her photo is a composite picture of Sylvia which Truman has constructed pasting together individual facial features - nose, mouth chin, hair ~ gathered, presumably, from women’s magazines attempts to put the jigsaw puzzle together - although he particular difficulty finding a pair of eyes that match. From his pocket he takes a recent collection of eyes whic like a detective working on an identikit picture, he trie match. They are still not quite right.
29) 0) text: The eyes of a YOUNG WOMAN - blue-green eyes. She turns slightly, looking directly into camera. We pull back to reveal her face - SYLVIA. EXT. TRUMAN’S STREET. EARLY MORNING. 56 Dawn breaks over Truman’s street. On cue, the sound of bi 57 58 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 38 EXT. STREET OUTSIDE TRUMAN’S HOUSE. MORNING. 57 TRUMAN leaves the house, lost in thought. SPENCER is taki out the trash.
29) 3) text: The Announcer's voice slows down - now revealing itself t a tape that has worn out. Truman, perplexed, looks at the radio and pushes buttons in an attempt to find another station. He finds one.
30) 0) text: TRUMAN wanders aimlessly through a city park, observing. sense, truly observing for the first time. A YOUNG WOMAN walks a pair of AFGHAN HOUNDS. An OLD MAN answers the incessant questions of his GRANDCHILD. Nothin appears amiss. Truman takes a seat at a small, outdoor ca He fidgets with his father’s ring on his finger that cont one large stone, still looking for a false move. A DELIVERY MAN unloads boxes from the back of his truck a carries them into a store. Further down the street CONSTRUCTION WORKERS take their time tending to an electr repair in an exposed manhole. A POSTAL WORKER does his rounds. An OLD WOMAN struggles with two heavy shopping ba Everybody appears natural, places to go.
32) 0) text: TRUMAN turns his attention to a group of CUBAN-LOOKING ME the only other occupied table at the cafe. We see extreme close-ups as Truman scans the men’s faces for any sign of phoniness. They are talking loudly, making suggestive comments to the WAITRESS. Their behavior passes the test all seems genuine. Then, Truman notices TWO JOGGERS out for a morning run, making their way down the street towards him. Truman happ to glance at the sneakers of one of the joggers. He sudde springs to his feet. Truman blocks the joggers.
32) 1) dialog: It's you...isn't it? The Joggers attempt to sidestep Truman.
32) 6) dialog: Remember? Two days ago I gave you my meatball sandwich in the park. You were in a wheelchair. Same sneakers. The jogger looks down at his distinctive sneakers bearing initials, *T.S.”, and visibly blanches.
32) 8) dialog: (ironically referring to the Jogger‘s new-found mobility) It’s a miracle! Truman picks himself up, dusting dirt from his suit. He retrieves his briefcase and continues down the street wit renewed purpose.
33) 0) text: Wandering down the bustling street, TRUMAN suddenly bolts into a building at random.
34) 0) text: An imposing office building clad in the kind of reflectiv glass that shields its occupants from the world - a build Truman passes every day. A steady stream of EMPLOYEES and VISITORS enter and exit the building’s high-ceilinged lob past an intimidating security desk manned by TWO UNIFORME GUARDS. Beyond security are banks of elevators, ferrying executives, clerical staff and delivery personnel to and their floors of business. Truman abruptly enters reception and strides confidently past the security desk trying to look as if he belongs.
34) 2) dialog: (sneaking a glance at the building directory) I have an appointment at, er...Gable Enterprises. (CONTINUED)
34) 3) text: 67 , “tit TRUMAN SHOW™ a2
34) 6) dialog: What’s going on?
34) 9) dialog: Just tell me what's going on?
34) 11) dialog: No you're not!! What were those people doing in there?
34) 16) dialog: (not going quietly) You don’t tell me what’s really going on, I‘11 report you. TRUMAN continues to struggle as the GUARDS usher him to t street.
35) 0) text: TRUMAN continues to struggle as the GUARDS unceremoniousl dump him on the pavement. He picks himself up, head reeli and starts to run along the street. He suddenly enters another building at random. An office block with a bank o the ground floor. Truman rushes to the elevators. The lights above the door show all the elevators on upper floors... Frantic pressin the elevator button gets no response. A RECEPTIONIST rise from her desk. Truman heads for the stairs but is intercepted by a BANK OFFICIAL barring his way.
35) 1) dialog: I want to... . The Bank Official, the Receptionist, and a BANK TELLER ba Truman towards the door.
35) 3) dialog: Yes. Er, why not?
36) 0) text: Back on the street, TRUMAN feels the eyes of the PEDESTRI Is he simply drawing attention to himself by his behavior Truman wheels around, trying to make eye contact with pas They shy away. He continues to run down the street.
36) 2) text: 69 70 71 "THE TRUMAN SHOW" aa
36) 5) dialog: Marlon~-
36) 7) dialog: (whisper) I’ve got to talk to you.
36) 9) dialog: I’m onto something, Marlon ~ something big.
36) 14) dialog: I think I'm mixed up in something.
36) 16) dialog: There's no point in trying to explain it, but a lot of strange things have been happening - elevators that don't go anywhere, people talking about me on the radio, you know what I mean?
36) 18) dialog: I think it's got something to do with my dad.
36) 20) dialog: {looking around nervously) I think he’s alive. I‘11 tell you about it later. i'm definitely being followed.
36) 22) dialog: It's hard to tell. They look just like regular people.
36) 24) dialog: (seriously considering the possibility) Could be. Beard looks phony. (leaning closer to Marlon) It's when I'm unpredictable. They can’t stand that. That’s why we’ve got to get out of here. Can you come with me? (CONTINUED)
36) 25) text: 71 72 73 74 75 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 46
36) 28) dialog: I've got to show you something. Truman fixes Marlon with a look of deadly seriousness.
36) 35) dialog: This is where it started.
36) 37) dialog: Things. Things that don’t fit. (another thought occurs) Maybe I’m being set up for something. You ever feel like that, Marlon? Like your whole life has been building to something?
36) 39) dialog: {ignoring the remark) When you were hauling chickens for Kaiser Poultry, what was the furthest you ever went off the island?
36) 41) dialog: (in a daze) Yeah...
36) 43) dialog: Just between you and me, Marlon, I’m going away for a while.
36) 45) text: 76 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 48
37) 0) text: TRUMAN sits cramped on his sofa. Pulling wider, we discov the cause of his discomfort. He is sandwiched between MER on one side and MOTHER on the other. Mother, the family historian, a stack of photograph albums at her feet, turn the pages of the album on Truman's lap.
37) 1) dialog: We ought to be getting you back, Mother.
37) 3) dialog: (taking an interest in th monument ) : It looks so small.
37) 8) text: 76 77 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" a9
37) 11) dialog: (kissing his emotional mother) Good night, Mother.
39) 0) text: TRUMAN, dressed casually in weekend attire, is at the sto preparing an omelette. MERYL hurries into the kitchen in .Murse’s uniform. She gulps down a cup of coffee and reac for her nurse’s cap. However, she still has time to adjust the position of a p "FibreCon Cereal" - squaring it a little more to camera.
39) 1) dialog: I have to talk with you. (looking about, suspicious) But not here. Let's go for a walk.
39) 3) dialog: What’s the hurry?
39) 6) dialog: Arrah! (CONTINUED)
39) 11) dialog: What do I do?
39) 13) dialog: --you're a nurse, aren't you?
40) 0) text: Riding a bicycle of his own, TRUMAN follows MERYL to work staying a safe distance back. He watches her enter the hospital.
41) 0) text: TRUMAN makes his way along various corridors. All seems a it should - DOCTORS confer with NURSING STAFF and PATIENT gurneys are wheeled about with their PASSENGERS looking suitably traumatized. Truman approaches a NURSING SISTER.
41) 1) dialog: I'm looking for my wife--Nurse Burbank. It's important.
41) 3) dialog: Sure. Okay. Fine. Can you pass on a ~ message? (CONTINUED)
41) 4) text: 80 81 82 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 53
41) 7) dialog: Tell her, tell her...I had to go to Fiji. I’1l call her when I get there. NURSE. When you get to Fiji?
41) 8) dialog: You got it.
42) 0) text: The NURSE walks briskly - fewer people about, TRUMAN discreetly following behind. The nurse breaks into a jog. Truman hurries to keep up with her - dodging around gurne JANITORS mopping floors.
43) 7) dialog: No problem. JI don't want to cause any trouble.
44) 0) text: TRUMAN takes a seat at the only desk in an empty travel agency. The travel brochures and posters that adorn the walls all feature destinations that bear a striking similarity to picturesque Seahaven. Another poster spells out the dangers of travel - "TRAVELLERS BEWARE - Terroris Disease, Wild Animals, Street Gangs". A female TRAVEL AGE enters from a rear door.
44) 2) dialog: I want to book a flight to Fiji.
44) 4) dialog: (believing she is being deliberately obtuse) Fiji.
44) 6) dialog: I'm, sorry, er,...the biggest one.
44) 8) dialog: (finding the question suspicious) One. (CONTINUED)
44) 13) dialog: Today.
44) 15) dialog: (suspicious) A month.
44) 17) dialog: {paranoia showing) You are a travel agent, aren‘t you? (reading her nametag) "Doris"? Your job is to help people travel.
44) 19) dialog: Why wouldn't I?
44) 21) dialog: (calming down) That‘s right.
44) 23) dialog: It doesn’t matter. I'11 make other arrangements. 84 85 86 "THE TRUMAN SHOW" ss
45) 0) text: Emerging onto the street, TRUMAN looks across to the buil which he entered the previous day. It is now cordoned off with police tape after the elevator disaster. Flowers hav been laid at the doorway.
46) 0) text: A Greyhound Bus, bound for “CHICAGO” according to its destination sign, sits idling at the stop. Just as a burl SUPERVISOR is about to wave the bus on its way, TRUMAN da into the station.
46) 2) dialog: (to the Bus Driver, as he boards the bus) Windy City, here we come.
47) 0) text: TRUMAN takes a seat by a window. An awkward silence desce over the bus. The other passengers - a MOTHER with a restless CHILD, several TOURISTS, an OLD COUPLE and the Y SOLDIER - all stare stiffly straight ahead, averting thei eyes from Truman. No one is more uncomfortable than the BUS DRIVER. Beads o perspiration on his head, he fumbles for the gear shift, apparently unsure how to operate it. The gears grind. The OTHER PASSENGERS try not to notice. The CHILD, tuggin her MOTHER’s sleeve, points to Truman. Her mother makes h face the front of the bus. Finally the SUPERVISOR enters ' bus.
47) 4) text: 86 87 88 89 . “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 56
49) 0) text: TRUMAN, staring at the highway from the bottom of the gar doesn’t bother to look up as MERYL, still wearing her nur uniform, approaches.
49) 1) dialog: (referring to a distant car on the expressway) See that car way down there? I bet it’s a Suburu station wagon. Meryl looks idly over the fence at the approaching car. Finally, a Suburu station wagon motors by. Meryl is unimpressed. Truman turns his back on the highway to continue his game. (CONTINUED)
49) 2) text: 89 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 57
49) 4) dialog: I predict the next four cars will be a white Honda Civic, a blue and white Dodge Dart with the front hubcap missing, a Volkswagon Beetle with a dented fender and a motorcycle. Meryl doesn’t wish to participate in the game and makes f the house. Truman holds her arm, forcing her to watch. He turns to check his prediction. A convoy of cars approache
49) 5) dialog: There's the Honda...the Dodge...here comes the dented Beetle... Meryl’s attention wavers. Truman tightens his grip.
49) 6) dialog: Look! Following the VW is a school bus.
49) 8) dialog: Don’t you want to know how I did that? A motorcycle putters by. Meryl turns and walks back to th house. He hurries after her.
49) 10) dialog: I won't be here Sunday.
49) 17) dialog: (catching her wrist) Let's go now.
49) 19) dialog: Where shall we go? Where shall we go? Spontaneity is what it's all about. Forget Fiji. We can't very well drive to Fiji, can we? What about Atlantic City?
49) 21) dialog: That’s right. I do, don’t I?
49) 23) dialog: Because I never have. That’s why you go places, isn’t it?
49) 28) dialog: Me too. Almost immediately, Truman encounters a traffic snarl.
49) 29) dialog: {a manic edge to his voice) So much traffic, this time of day. Does that strike you as peculiar? Without warning, Truman suddenly dives down a sidestreet. his move is anticipated. At the end of the street, a pack cars suddenly appears. Other vehicles fill the gap behind
49) 30) dialog: (to Meryl, marveling) Blocked at every turn. Beautifully’ synchronized, don’t you agree?
49) 32) dialog: Should I? Truman reverses suddenly and makes a U-turn.
49) 33) dialog: You're right. We could be stuck here for hours. Could be like this all the way to Atlantic City. Let’s go back. I’m sorry. I don’t know what got into me. Truman starts heading back the way they came, the roadway relatively free of traffic.
49) 38) dialog: I've changed my mind again. What’s New Orleans like this time of year? Mardi Gras. Or let’s just see where the road takes us.
49) 40) dialog: (eerily calm) I think I'd like a little company. As he speeds erratically, Truman glances at the streets o either side of the main road where he discovers a distinc lack of moving traffic.
49) 41) dialog: (to the anxious Meryl at. his side) Look, Meryl. No cars! I don’t run into traffic. The traffic follows me around. (excited by his discovery) We‘re in a moving pack, don’t you see?
49) 43) dialog: (to Meryl) It’s hard to go places, isn't it?
49) 45) dialog: Uhuh. There's no accident. It's just more stalling. Truman floors the car again and swerves into the oncoming lane. He roars along the bridge on the wrong side of the road. Near the end of the bridge, a distraught MOTORIST dashes into the middle of the road, waving his arms. Trum slams on the brakes. (CONTINUED)
49) 49) text: 91 92 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 61
49) 53) dialog: (hardly glancing to the boy) He'll be fine. _ Truman roars on, almost bowling over the concerned moto
49) 55) dialog: I bet you did. Truman roars past a sign that reads, “YOU ARE NOW LEAVING SEAHAVEN - Are you sure that's a good idea?" Back at the accident scene, the little boy, apparently uninjured, sits up.
49) 58) dialog: I'm sure they're just exaggerating. Suddenly, a 20 foot high wall of flame shoots across the roadway in front of them - as if someone flicked on a gas switch.
49) 64) dialog: (not so confident now) I've got my Seahaven Bankcard.
50) 0) text: However, there is still a barrier between TRUMAN and Bour Street. The highway, leading to a cloverleaf freeway junction in the distance, is completely blocked off by Seahaven police cars. No way past. Nuclear silos in the distance spew out an ominous puff of smoke. A sign reads, "SEAHAVEN ISLAND NUCLEAR POWER STATION ~ Clean, Safe, Economical - More Power To You!" Truman is forced to slow at the police barricade.
50) 1) dialog: Now what?
50) 3) dialog: Is there any way around?
50) 5) text: 93 94 95 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 63
50) 7) dialog: Well, thank you for your help.
52) 0) text: TRUMAN bursts past the alien-looking HAZARDOUS WASTE WORK in their protective suits carrying detection instruments. The workers give chase in their cumbersome suits, trying cut off his path. Nearing the edge of the forest, Truman hears the sound of hammers and saws. But before he has time to see the sourc of the sound, he is tackled to the ground. As SEAHAVEN POLICE OFFICERS drag him away, one of the WAS WORKERS walks the remaining few yards, pushing aside a wa of tropical foliage. We now see what Truman was prevented from seeing. A Polynesian island is under construction by dozens of RIGGERS, PAINTERS and SET DECORATORS. Large cranes are lifting palm trees into place, a fake volcano is being te in the distance and rehearsals for a firewalking ceremony underway complete with hot coals, DRUMMERS and FIREWALKER native dress. The wings and fuselage of an airliner are being construct on a hydraulic gimbal. Leading into one side of the airli is a covered walkway, emblazoned with a sign, "Seahaven Island - Departures". Emerging from the opposite side of airliner is an old- fashioned airline stairway with the s “Welcome To Fiji". At the foot of the steps, TWO WOMEN in Fijian dress are b shown the correct way to present a floral lei. (CONTINUED)
52) 8) dialog: (ignoring her medical advice) Why do you want to have a child with me? You can’t stand me.
52) 11) dialog: (incredulous) --What the hell are you talking about?!
52) 16) dialog: What the hell has that got to do with anything? Tell me what’s happening?!
52) 18) dialog: {backing her up against the kitchen bench) You're part of this, aren't you?! Meryl grabs the "Chef's-Mate" from the counter to protect herself. She points the potato peeler at him.
52) 20) dialog: No, you’re scaring me, Meryl! Truman grabs Meryl and turns the Chef's Mate on her. He stares wildly about him.
52) 21) dialog: Stop this now. I’11 do it. I swear.
52) 23) dialog: {wild-eyed) Who were you talking to?!
52) 25) dialog: No. You said, “Do something.” Who were you talking to? Tell me! (CONTINUED)
52) 30) dialog: Right on time. Cops must be telepathic. Truman grabs his peeler and marches Meryl down the hallwa the front door. The doorbell chimes a second and third ti more insistently.
52) 31) dialog: (shouting through the closed door) Stay where you are!
53) 0) text: MARLON and TRUMAN, both nursing bottles of beer, sit on t end of the unfinished bridge.
53) 1) dialog: I don't know what to think, Marlon. Maybe I'm going out of my mind, but I get the feeling that the world revolves around me somehow.
53) 5) dialog: This is different. Everybody seems to be in on it. Marlon looks around as if drawing inspiration from somewh in the night.
53) 7) dialog: --we were right together and we were wrong together.
55) 2) dialog: So what are you saying, Marlon, the whole thing has been in my head--?
55) 4) dialog: What‘s that?
55) 14) dialog: I never stopped believing.
55) 19) text: 100 101 102 103 104 . “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 70
55) 22) dialog: We have a lot of years ahead.
57) 0) text: FATHER and SON remain in the embrace. Over Truman’s shoul we see a flash of guilt flicker across MARLON’s face.
59) 0) text: A YOUNG WOMAN reclines on a bed, her back against the wal Propped up on her knees is a book. However, she’s not reading but staring straight into camera - a look of prof sadness on her face, It is SYLVIA. From her point-of-view, we see a portable television set table at the foot of the bed. On the television is a live picture of TRUMAN - the first time we have seen him on a television screen. He is sitti at his kitchen table, unaware of the cameras recording hi The shot is static. He just sits there in silence, a steaming cup of cocoa in front of him and a plate of untouched cookies. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Pulling back from the window we reveal an INTERVIEWER, mi forties, conservative suit and hair. A large television shows a live picture of Truman, immersed in his book.
60) 26) text: 108 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 75
60) 51) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 77
61) 4) text: Christof? Congratulations on the way you've always handled Truman's "sex"-life - the classical music, soft lighting and so on. But has the recent violence caused a problem for the show’s sponsors?
62) 0) text: TRUMAN breathes in the scent of Sylvia’s sweater one last time before reluctantly replacing it in the trunk, togeth with his book, "To The Ends Of The Earth - The Age Of Exploration". For a final time, he regards his unfinished picture of SYLVIA inside - two holes where the eyes shoul be. As he does so, he finds two lost paper cuttings - a p of eyes on the basement floor. He tries them. Ironically they fit - the picture completed. He closes the trunk anyway. With a sense of finality, he fastens the lock. 110 111
63) 0) text: The giant ON-AIR monitor in the control room plays a clos shot of Truman sleeping. CHRISTOF comes close to the monitor and almost touches th screen. As he does so, Truman twitches in his sleep. INT. BATHROOM. MORNING. i111 TRUMAN wipes the mist from the mirror of the bathroom cab and stares into it in a way he has never done before.
64) 0) text: Close up on the giant ON-AIR monitor in the control room. It displays a wide shot of Truman staring into the bathro mirror. We slowly pull back to reveal SIMEON and the other VIDEO OPERATORS sitting at the mixing desks arranged in tiers reminiscent of an auditorium or NASA's Mission Control. Each mixing desk contains a dozen-or-so built-in monitors and is designated with a location such as “Truman's House - Interior", "Truman's Office - Cubicle", "Tyrone's Deli" The operator at each desk, sitting in a swivel chair and wearing the slimmest of heatsets, is responsible for monitoring a particular location. The monitors cover virtually every facet of Truman's life Camera angles from the interior of Truman’s house, his backyard, car, office, the deli he frequents, the seashor to which he is drawn, the unfinished bridge where he golf with Marlon - many of the locations strangely devoid of people. Simeon, seated in the front row of mixing desks, stares b at Truman's image on the monitor, slightly unnerved.
64) 2) dialog: --What are my plans now? Well, next I'm thinking of tackling the Yuba River in an authentic canoe from the Algonquin tribe.
65) 0) text: TRUMAN exchanges a cheery greeting with SPENCER.
65) 2) dialog: Inhale...exhale...same old thing. He waves to the WASHINGTONS across the street. He pets PLUTO the dog.
66) 0) text: Back at work at the insurance company, TRUMAN sits in his cubicle making another of his cold calls.
66) 1) dialog: --a forty-two year old woman sitting in the second row at an amateur production of Hamlet, Hamlet's dagger slips from his hand and flies into the audience... A YOUNG WOMAN, carrying a stack of files, catches Truman’ as she passes. VIVIAN. She is faintly reminiscent of Sylv at the same age - even wearing a similar sweater.
66) 2) dialog: (returning to his call) --what I'm saying is, life is a fragile thing. ..hullo?
67) 0) text: TRUMAN wheels his lawnmower, deliberately averting his ey from the back of the house. Staring out of the kitchen window, a tall glass of iced tea in her hand, MERYL has b (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: CHRISTOF stands at a large, specially screened window, silhouetted against the twinkling stars and full moon of hyper-real nightsky. Members of the cast enter the room - principal characters Truman's life - MERYL, MARLON, MOTHER, KIRK, TYRONE, LAWR and the new actress, VIVIAN. They take their places aroun long, oval table for a story conference - Vivian sitting slightly apart from the rest of the cast. We glimpse over Christof’s shoulder at what he sees - the town of Seahaven far below, bathed in moonlight. He comes out of his reverie and joins his cast, sitting at the hea the table. In front of him, a TV "tablet" plays silently showing Truman drinking a glass of milk in his kitchen.
68) 13) text: 115 116 117 118 “TEE TRUMAN SHOW" 86
69) 0) text: The TWO OLD LADIES have nodded off on their sofa in front the television, their breathing and occasional snores ech those of Truman. In the BAR, the WAITRESS - normally an avid viewer - only glances to the screen as she passes with a tray of drinks The MAN in the bath resignedly lets the water out of the and goes to get out. The MOTHER only occasionally glances to the screen as she feeds her BABY. Her DAUGHTER has her eyes closed, bopping her Walkman.
70) 2) text: 118 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 87
70) 14) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 88
70) 24) text: 118 119 120 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 89
71) 0) text: The TWO SECURITY GUARDS are intrigued by Truman’s unanswe phone on their television set.
72) 0) text: CHRISTOF and SIMEON concentrate on another, separate moni playing in fast-rewind, time code in the bottom right-han corner. It is a recording of the night‘s transmission. Simeon pauses on the last on-camera appearance by Truman. They watch Truman, on-screen, switch off the basement lig and climb into the cot bed fully clothed, immediately pul the covers over his head. As the light is switched off, t recording camera automatically switches to night vision. Simeon continues to play at normal speed, now and then scrolling forward in fast-forward mode. Christof suddenly points to the screen.
74) 0) text: MARLON starts frantically pushing aside the clutter, send Truman's model ships and other hobbies crashing to the fl Eliminating all other possible hiding places, he confront Truman's tool closet, the wall map of the Fiji Islands st hanging on the door. Marlon rips open the door and is hit with a shaft of light - moonlight. The top of the closet has been removed and a crude tunnel containing a ladder heads almost directly upwards to the outside of the house. The bottom of the closet is ankle d with dirt. Embedded in the tunnel wall-is Meryl's Chef's Mate - Truman's digging implement. EXT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE. NIGHT. 124a MARLON's head pops up outside the house. Unable to help himself, Marlon looks directly into a wide shot camera concealed in a streetlight.
79) 0) text: Reminiscent of a military headquarters in wartime, the control room is a scene of barely controlled panic. SECUR GUARDS come and go, phones ring, lights flash, every available VIDEO MIXER is working. The monitors - the “eye of the searchers - are systematically scrutinized for any sign of Truman. CHRISTOF orchestrates operations from his position at the center of the control panel.
82) 0) text: A VIDEO OPERATOR in the sixth row watches the scene on on his monitors - the derelict standing with his back to cam Just as the derelict turns towards camera the Operator tu away to take a sip of coffee. He misses what we see on hi monitor - the derelict's blackened face belongs to TRUMAN
83) 0) text: The disguised TRUMAN heads back to town.
85) 0) text: A building-to-building, floor-to-floor, office-to-office search is also being conducted, each structure secured as they go - the SEARCHERS Paying special attention to poten blind spots such as closets, dumpsters, man holes, sewers car trunks, trees and shrubbery. We focus on one of the waves of searchers. TRUMAN has lin arms in the middle of a row, his disguise still holding u
89) 0) text: The television above the bar carries the test card. PATRO animatedly discuss Truman's fate over their drinks. Some place bets with each other on Truman’s fate.
92) 0) text: TRUMAN has broken away from the line of SEARCHERS. However, as he bypasses the entrance to a ticket box, he hasn‘t bargained on coming face to face with another straggler from the search. MARLON. Truman freezes in front of his childhood companio Marion instantly seeing through Truman’s homeless disguis Truman glances nervously in the direction of the searcher Their backs to the two men, they are beginning their next sweep. One shout from Marlon will give Truman away - he i at Marlon’s mercy. Without a word, Marlon walks past Truman and rejoins the Truman glances back to Marlon’s retreating figure but Mar never looks back.
93) 0) text: TRUMAN reaches the edge of the dock. He looks out over th bay. There, riding at anchor some two hundred yards out, a sail boat - the same boat that circled Kirk and Truman' sail boat many years earlier. We see a close up of Truman’s terrified eyes in his black face, staring down at the lapping water. He steels himsel shuts out the doubts and dives into the water. 142 143 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 97
96) 0) text: By now the ocean spray has washed most of the dirt from TRUMAN’s face - only a residue remains. The rags he wears are soaked. As he steers, he occasionally refers to a “HOW TO SAIL” b from his coat pocket.
98) 0) text: TRUMAN is at the wheel of the sail boat, wind filling her Seahaven left far behind, his is the only craft afloat in harbor. He sets a course for the open sea as he and his father did long ago.
99) 0) text: CHRISTOF and the other PRODUCTION STAFF watch TRUMAN from buoy’s POV as he sails by. (CONTINUED)
101) 0) text: The sea choppier now, rising and falling steeply beneath boat, TRUMAN nears a large buoy bobbing clumsily in the strong swell. An official-looking sign on the buoy reads “DANGEROUS WATERS. DO NOT ENTER.” We see an extreme close up of the nautical signpost where a disguised miniature camera tracks Truman's progress.
103) 0) text: Storm clouds roll towards TRUMAN’s boat at an alarming sp He looks back towards the Seahaven skyline, rapidly reced behind him. Doubts invade Truman's head but he shuts them out and steers into the teeth of the storm - a look of resolve in his eyes we have never witnessed before. 152 153
104) 0) text: 152 MOSES and ROMAN pace at the back of the control room. CHRISTOF is focused on his monitor. Like Truman, he steel himself for a fight.
105) 0) text: Darkness suddenly descends. High winds and horizontal driving rain buffet the boat. TRUMAN fights the tiller. Hurricane force winds shake the mast and keel, ripping th sails to shreds. Suddenly, the mast of Truman's boat is struck by a bolt o lightning - snapping the rigging and knocking Truman overboard. Flailing in the tempest, Truman manages to gra (CONTINUED)
105) 1) text: 153 154 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 101
105) 3) dialog: (shouting above the storm, screaming up to the sky) Come on, is that the best you can do? You're gonna have to kill me!
108) 0) text: The waves break across Truman's vessel. TRUMAN appears to losing his fight against the storm, each successive wave taking its toll on his body, sapping his strength, his bindings the only thing keeping him upright. His head slumps, the tiller goes loose in his grasp, rocking out o control. Truman’s will is draining away.
109) 0) text: The control room CREW watch the heroic image of Truman on ON-AIR monitor, awestruck, as if they too are now spectat watching a movie. 157 158 159
110) 0) text: As he is about to be overcome by the next wave, TRUMAN clamps the wheel with his whole body and braces for one last wave. But the wave does not come. A strange phenomenon is occurring in the ocean. A distinct division has appeared the ocean swell. Between the large rolling waves lies a corridor of calmer water, several hundred yards wide, a curious escape lane. The wind and the rain are also subsiding, the darkness lifting. A mist clings to the surface of the water. Truman steers his sail boat down th eerie corridor. Several large, dark shapes emerge on the horizon. Land? Islands? The shapes, containing some enormous mechanism including a huge wheel, only half exposed above water lev appear to be the source of the peculiar wave formations. Truman continues to steer his wrecked sailboat towards th infinitely receding horizon. All is calm until we see the bow of the boat suddenly strike a huge, blue wall, knocki Truman off his feet. Truman recovers and clambers across deck to the bow of the boat. Looming above him out of the sea is a cyclorama of colossal dimensions. The sky he has been sailing towards is nothing but a painted backdrop. Truman looks upward, straining his eyes to see the top of sky, but it curves away at a steep angle beyond his sight Clinging to the boat with one hand, he tentatively reache out towards the painted cyclorama. He touches the sky. He looks about him and simply laughs.
111) 0) text: CHRISTOF and his PRODUCTION STAFF take in Truman’s reacti in stunned silence.
112) 0) text: As the boat drifts alongside the seemingly never-ending c of the cyclorama, TRUMAN’s attention is drawn to an outli in the otherwise flawless backdrop. He retrieves the identikit picture of Sylvia from his coat pocket and clam to the prow of the boat. There, camouflaged in the painted skyscape just above the water line, is a door. Truman grabs hold of the recessed doorhandle and halts the drifting boat. He stands in fron of the door and closes his eyes in a silent prayer.
113) 5) dialog: Who are you?
113) 7) dialog: The creator of what? (CONTINUED)
113) 8) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 105
113) 11) dialog: {incredulous) A show. Then who am I?
113) 13) dialog: Nothing was real.
113) 15) dialog: (to himself) "The eyes are everywhere.°
114) 0) text: CHRISTOF picks up a slim, flat monitor. He swivels in his chair and gazes intently at the image of Truman he now ho his hands.
115) 0) text: We focus on TRUMAN's hand. CHRISTOF's voice echoes across the water.
115) 2) text: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 106
115) 4) dialog: (referring to the photo) I have a map.
115) 6) dialog: --You never had a camera in my head.
116) 0) text: TRUMAN turns back to the sky, looking up towards CHRISTOF
118) 0) text: TRUMAN opens the door in the sky. He hesitates. Perhaps he cannot go through with it after all. The camera slowly zooms into Truman's face. (CONTINUED)
118) 1) text: 168 169 170 i171 “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 107