5) 1) text: We hear the shower running as we pan the small one bedroom apartment. A cheap lamp lights the statue of Mary Magdalen standing an the desk. An old wooden color console TV playing a basketball game lights the rest of the cluttered room. A double mattress on the floor is at home with the sneakers and other clothes that take up most of the walking space. A Julius Erving poster inhabits the otherwise sparse walls. It appears as though CONOR has lived here a long time with no attempts to decorate. The shower stops and we can now hear the sound of the TV playing a post game show. CONOR steps from the bathroom wearing a CUBS beach towel around his waist, obviously a give away from a promotional day at Wrigley. CONOR holds a hand towel to the cut on his forehead. The doorbell rings. CONOR is immediately wary, he grabs an aluminum softball bat and steps to the side of the door.
10) 10) text: Hi, Matt Hyland head of the coaches committee, are you the Kikuyus?
10) 15) dialog: Well, you've got what? Six or seven kids here? You gotta be able to field a team or the league will drop you. CONOR could care less.
10) 17) dialog: This is Al Carter he's the commissioner of the league.
45) 12) dialog: Coach, can I have a word. CONOR steps away from the fence and meets MATT near home plate. The UMPIRE and AL CARTER are standing in postures suggesting a summit. AL CARTER extends an official band.
45) 15) dialog: Coach we're all concerned about the age of a few of the boys an your team.
45) 18) dialog: Here they are.
45) 23) dialog: Which one is Maurice?
45) 25) dialog: This birth certificate's been altered.
45) 27) dialog: The 9 has been changed to a 3. They all huddle around the birth certificate. We see that the number has been crudely reworked.
45) 31) dialog: What's the point of this league? To teach kids that lying is okay if you can get away with it?
45) 32) text: I think these kids have slightly bigger problems to deal with than forged birth certificates. CONOR has squared to MATT HYLAND suggesting a confrontation. AL CARTER sides with MATT.
45) 43) text: AL CARTER is nodding his head in agreement with MATT HYLAND who is casually pleading his case. The UMPIRE obviously sides with the guys who sign his check.
45) 45) dialog: Coach we're just in agreement that the pitcher can't wear the headphones.
45) 48) dialog: It would be terrible for the kid to get hurt because he couldn't hear a dangerous situation.
45) 51) dialog: What are you doing?
45) 57) text: What did you say? G-BABY cowers a little as MATT has stepped close to him, CONOR takes another step to MATT.
45) 61) dialog: 
55) 21) text: A fresh energy surrounds the KIKUYUS as news of their trip to Wrigley has spread through the league. The boys are warming up for a game against the BAKONGOS as CONOR is approached by AL CARTER and MATT HYLAND.
55) 27) dialog: I thought you were quitting.
55) 31) dialog: You'd have to win both games to make the championship.
55) 32) text: We can beat these guys. AL CARTER and MATT HYLAND exchange smirks of disbelief. MATT offers...
55) 33) dialog: Even if you find a way to win today, you gotta play us again Saturday, we're undefeated.
55) 62) dialog: ...And if you don't know what to do look at me for a sign or instruction. I'll always make the call. You got that? We hear the sound of commotion building in the KIKUYU dugout. The IBOS stand up to the fence of their dugout to see...