3) 0) text: CLOSEUP ON LUCY MODERATZ. Lucy, 25, wears glasses and a t wool MTA jacket. She sits in her tokenzbooth and peers ou v.02 Well, I didn't hear Strangers in the Night but,;when I saw hin I knew he was the one... Lucy’s P.0.V. A breathtakingly handsome man strides confi down the subway stairs. He wears a cashmere topcoat over pinstriped Armani suit and carries himself and his briefc panache. He has strong chiseled features, a square jaw an Paul Newman would envy. v.0. He started coming to my subway booth in September. Monday through Friday between 8:00 and 8:20. One Monday he didn’t show up and I started to panic. Luckily it was Columbus Day and he was back again on Tues- day morning. He approaches the token booth, and slides §1.25 through t Lucy smiles broadly and slides him a token. He scoops it never looks at her and pushes through the turnstile. v.07 I hadn’t actually spoken to him but I knew someday I would... He boards the train. The doors BING BONG closed. The trai out of the station and into the tunnel. He stands in the v.02 He was perfect. The VOICE GVER ENDS as the train disappears into the tunn
5) 0) text: Lucy, the token booth attendant, plants her feet, grips t tied to the Christmas tree and pulls. The tree lurches up
5) 1) dialog: (complains) 45 dollars for a Christmas tree and they won't deliver. You order $10 worth of chow mein from Twin Dragons and the bring it to your door. Lucy pulis. Her cat, MEL, watches curiously. The Christmas tree sways as it climbs into the air. Lucy (to Mel) I should have got the blue spruce, they’re lighter. Lucy huffs and puffs as she hauls on the rope. The tree c closer to the fire escape. Suddenly Mel leaps into the ai
5) 2) dialog: Mel} The cat springs onto the Christmas tree. The tree swings back and forth. Lucy struggles to hold the rope.
5) 3) dialog: Don’t look down! Mel clings to the tree. Lucy tries to lower the rope.
5) 4) text: Hold on! The tree swings -~ CRASH! A window shatters. A voice bell from belaw! VOICE (o.s.) Lucy!
6) 0) text: Lucy neryously stands in her landlord, MR. MOLLO’S apartm So does Mel, who stands safely behind her. Plastic covers broken window. Mr. Mollo sits at a table with a claim for
6) 3) dialog: I'll pay for it, Mr. Mollo.
6) 5) dialog: I couldn’t carry it myself and you don’t like pine needles in the halliway...I’m sorry, Mr. Mollo.
7) 0) text: Lucy looks through her mail. One Christmas card. She open It’s stamped, "Happy Holidays from YOUR LETTER CARRIER." ‘places it carefully on her bookcase next to Christmas ca the SANITATION MAN, the PHONE COMPANY and KEY FOOD. She f Christmas mecord and puts it on the stereo, she opens a b Christmas tree ornaments and starts decorating her batter EXT, LUCY’S APARTMENT - NIGHT LONG SHOT. Lucy is in the window draping tinsel on her Ch tree -- alae. cuT TO:
8) 0) text: A waitress weaves through the busy restaurant and sweeps Lucy. Lucy sits at a small table. She opens her pocketboo pulls out a stack of travel brochures. The colorful pamph advertise everything from castles in Europe to sandy beac the Caribbean. She spreads them carefully on the table.
8) 3) dialog: (embarrassed) Tuna sandwich on whole wheat. The waitress scribbles on a pad and moves off. There’s a the window. Lucy looks up. Her supervisor, JERRY WALLACE, a black man also wearing a jacket, waves. Lucy quickly scoops up her travel brochure tucks them in her pocketbook. Jerry walks in, blows some into his hands and joins her.
8) 12) dialog: This stinks, Jerry.
9) 0) text: Lucy stands in the token booth carefully adjusting a tiny A portable radio plays Christmas songs.— Lucy sits and st out at the empty station. An F train clatters into the station. The doors open. A y couple steps off laughing and carrying Christmas presents A family walks out of another car and pushes through the exit doors. The children follow the parents like baby duc Lucy sits forlornly in the booth. Andy Williams’ "I’1l Be for Christmas" comes on the radio. Lucy's lower lip quive her eyes start to fill. She takes off her glasses and bru away a tear. $1.25 slides through her slot. Lucy reflexively slides out a token.
9) 2) dialog: (enunciates) Can=~you--hear me?! A--train-- is coming! The man locks up groggily, sees Iucy and passes out.
9) 3) dialog: Help! The train streaks toward him! Lucy dangles over the edge of the tracks and extends her
9) 4) dialog: Grab my hand! He doesn’t move. Lucy...stretches! The train’s HORN blare Lucy looks at the on-rushing train -- looks at the helple figure -- shuts her eyes and jumps. She tumbles next to the unconscious man, scrambles to her and tries to lift him. His coat is caught. The train bears down... Lucy pulls -- the coat tears... The train sweeps past the CAMERA. The dast car disappears the tunnel. SILENCE. Lucy’s head pops up. She has pressed herseif and the man the notch workmen use to let trains pass. She looks down. unconscious but even more breathtaking. Lucy stares at hi She's in love. cuT To:
10) 0) text: BOOM! Paramedics sweep through the emergency room pushing gurney with the subway victim strapped to it. Lucy scampe behind them. It’s Christmas day in New York. Chaos. Gun s wounds, car accident victims and attempted suicides crowd halis. A nurse, WANDA COLES, holds a clipboard and meets
14) 0) text: Lucy and Wanda slip inside. They ease the doors shut... SMASH CUT To:
17) 15) dialog: (gently) t He was pushed off e# subway platforn. The family turns. Lucy, stands against the wall by the do Ox Who are you?
17) 25) dialog: Yes, but... The Conlons are astonished. Ox I thought he got pushed off @ subway platforn. Lucy He did...
18) 0) text: Lucy sits rigidly on the couch. Ox paces. The rest of the family deo their best to distract themselves. Elsie plays checkers with Mary. Midge looks exhausted. Saul dozes. Hi head falls against Lucy’s shoulder. The door opens and DA CHARLES eases in. He’s wearing his charcoal Brooks Brothe to match the somber occasion.
18) 7) dialog: (strained) Yes...I’m Lucy. (nervously stands) Excuse me.
19) 0) text: Lucy scampers down the hall. Lucy (hushed ) Nurse...nurse... Wanda turns, sees Lucy, and picks up her pace. Lucy Wait! 19 Lucy dashes after her. Wanda’s caught. Lucy What am ‘! gonna do?
19) 17) text: Well he has a nice girl now. Lucy smitkes painfully. The room goes silent again. They stare at JTary.
19) 22) dialog: (shakes her head) We were waiting for a train,
19) 26) dialog: His smile. Definitely his smile. (beat) ---It was magical.
20) 0) text: Jerry and Lucy sit at a table by the window. Jerry sips a coffee and shrugs.
20) 7) dialog: I ordered tuna. The waitress snatches the sandwich and stalks off. Lucy What if he doesn’t come out of his coma? s
21) 0) text: Lucy sits with the family. Elsie smiles and pats Lucy’s k tenderly.
22) 0) text: The Conlons, Saul and Lucy walk through the lobby. Saul h Midge on with her coat.
24) 2) dialog: What‘s this?
25) 0) text: It’s late. Lucy exits walks down the deserted street.
26) 0) text: The train pulls in. Lucy steps on. The train barrels thro the tunnel.
27) 0) text: Lucy sneaks down the hallway. She peeks around a corner. coast is clear. She skirts the waiting-foon.
28) 0) text: Saul is asleep on the couch. ce INT. PETER’S ROOM Lucy enters the dark, quiet room and approaches Peter’s b He’s unconscious. Lucy looks at hin. Lucy (whispers) Hi. The machines beep. Lucy sits in a chair by Peter’s bedsid
28) 1) dialog: I guess you‘’re wondering what I’m doing here in the middle of the night. Lucy sits in the darkness. The hospital’s silent except f whirrs of life-support. Lucy sits quietly for a moment. No answer. No answer. 27
28) 2) dialog: I thought I should introduce myself. My names’s Lucy. Lucy Moderatz. Lucy (smiles) I think you should Anew your family thinks we’re engaged. Lucy (jokes) I’ve never been engaged before. I didn’t even play spin the bottle. Lucy turns serious. No answer. Lucy I just want you to know that I didn’t mean for this to happen. I don’t know what to do. If you were awake I wouldn't be in this mess. (quickly) Not that I’m blaming you. I mean being in a coma’s enough trouble. Lucy When I was little I used to imagine what I’d be like when I was 25. I thought I would have a family and a house and all that stuff. I'm not conm- Plaining, I have a cat and an apartment and I can watch what- ever I want on T.V. It’s just, well, I never met someone to laugh with. Lucy looks at Peter. She leans forward. No answer. No answer. Lucy Do you believe in love at first sight? Lucy (sniles) I’11 bet you don’t. I/11 bet you‘re more sensible than that. 28 Lucy Have you ever seen Someone and you know if only that person knew you, they’d dump that skinny model they’re with and realize that you‘’re the one who they could grow old with. Only you never really grow old because, well, I can’t picture you with liver spots. Lucy locks at Peter intently. Lucy Have you ever fallen in love with someone you’ve never even talked to? (smiles sadly) Have you ever been so alone that you spend the night confusing a man in a coma? The machines whirr and click around her. The CAMERA leave and DOLLYS to the door. SAUL stands outside, listening. CUT TO;
30) 0) text: ¥ Lucy exits carrying a bag--walks quickly up the street.
32) 0) text: Lucy staggers into her apartment and flops on the couch. shuts her eyes. A horn BLARES. Lucy looks haggard. She struggles to her feet and peers out her_window. The Chrys parked in front. Saul waves. Lucy waves back, takes a dee breath and heads out the door.
33) 0) text: Lucy starts down the stairs. Joe Jr. stands outside his d running a comb through his hair. He tries to see his refl in the doorknob. ANGLE ON Joe Jr’s distorted reflection. spots Lucy. JOE OR. (cocky) Tomorrow night, 8:00.
33) 1) dialog: What? Joe Jr. fans two tickets. JOE OR. I got Dice tickets. Lucy nods absently and races down the stairs. cUuT TO: 30
34) 0) text: The Chrysler sails along the expressway like a yacht. Sau barely see over the steering wheel. His soft hat is pulle over his eyes. Saul’s right blinker is on. He turns into left lane. Horns blast. Lucy (smiles nervously) I thought Mr. Conlon was picking me up.
34) 4) dialog: Youfre lucky. It’s nice to have someone to watch "It’s a Wonderful Life" with this time of year.
34) 10) dialog: He was a great father. SAUL — My wife of 51 years died two years ago February 9th. That was a very tough time for me. (looks at Lucy) Ox saw me through. Lucy You're good friends.
37) 0) text: The family relaxes. Torn gift wrapping litters the floor. and Saul stand by the fireplace and harmonize a barbersho quartet standard. "How Can I Miss You When You Won’t Go A Lucy wears a new sweater. Mary snuggles beside Lucy on the couch. She holds a photo and points to a yellowed newspaper clipping. It’s a pictu little boy in a Cub Scout uniforn.
39) 0) text: It’s dark. Jack shuts the door. Lucy sleeps on the couch. Peter’s photo album is on the c table beside her. A blanket is tucked around her. She sti doesn’t wake. . Jack hangs his jacket over the bannister and tiptoes thro living moom. He passes the couch and enters the kitchen.
41) 0) text: Jack pushes the door open. The light from the kitchen hit Lucy’s face. She stirs.
44) 0) text: The radio is on in the kitchen. Lucy wakes. She sits up groggily and tries to get her bearings. She sees the jack hanging from the bannister. JACK is stitched above the po She remembers what she heard last night and sits up with A bedroom door opens upstairs. Lacy ducks behind the couch. Jack stumbles out in a pair of gym shorts. He crouches an down the stairs. He can’t see her. He walks down the hall the bathroom. The bathroom door closes. Lucy throws off the blanket and jumps up.
45) 0) text: Midge brews coffee. Ox reads the newspaper. Lucy scurries Lucy God, I must have overslept! Ox Overslept, it’s seven A.M.
45) 4) dialog: My jacket... Lucy opens the door and looks upstairs. She spots her jac the couch. She scampers across the living room and grabs The bathroom door opens. 40 Lucy swan dives back onto the couch. Jack walks out. All he can see of Lucy is her feet. Jack ducks into his bedroom and closes the door. Lucy jumps up and sprints back into the kitchen.
46) 0) text: Lucy (breathless) Got it. Midge pours coffee into a thermos and screws on the lid. waits impatiently. Midge hands Lucy the thermos. Lucy gra She heads for the door. The kitchen door swings open. Sau walks in cheerfully with a box of doughnuts.
46) 3) dialog: I’ve got to feed the cat. MIDGE ; Peter’s allergic to cats. ox and Midge look at Lucy quizzically. Lucy (stammers) My neighbor’s cat. She’s on vacation.
47) 0) text: She dashes through the living room and scoots quickly up stairs. She sees Jack’s door. Lucy fishes in her pocket. finds a subway token. Lucy looks around. She wedges the t between the latch and the door frame and zips to the bath —
48) 0) text: Lucy shuts the door. She runs the tap and throws some wat her face. Outside she hears a loud SCRAPE. She pushes the curtains back and looks out.
49) 0) text: Lucy’s P.9.V. ~ <A plow rumbles up the street.
50) 0) text: Lucy looks hopeful. She dries her face and sneaks back in hall. As she passes Jack’s door the knob turns. The door’ jammed. incy bolts down the stairs.
51) 0) text: Lucy barrels in. Lucy Plow’s here! Lucy walks to the door. She grabs the knob. The sound of banging cam be heard from upstairs. 42
52) 10) dialog: Yes,...nice to meet you.
55) 0) text: Lucy stands in the elevator with a bouquet of flowers. Th elevator stops on six. Lucy steps off. Jack steps on. Neither knows the other. The doors close. 46 Lucy enters Peter’s roon. The other elevator opens. The lawyer, Daiton Charles, ste INT. PETER'’S ROOM Lucy carries a vase into the bathroom and fills it with w As she walks out... «+»Dalton Charles pokes his head in. Lucy looks startled. Lucy Hi. (thinks) Charley Dalton, right?
56) 0) text: Lucy walks out the front entrance and sits at the bus sto fishes in her pocketbook. She finds Peter’s address. The puils to the curb. Lucy gets on. cuT TO: 47 EXT. EAST Sist St Lucy exits the bus at Lexington. Hustles east toward the
57) 0) text: Lucy spots 425 and enters.
58) 0) text: Lucy looks at the directory, finds Peter’s name and pushe button on the elevator. She steps on.
59) 0) text: Lucy finds Peter’s door. She tries his keys. Third try is charm. She shoves open the door and walks in. INT. PETER’S APARTMENT It’s magnificent. Lucy looks astonished. She steps into t vast living room. A picture window overlooks Manhattan. L looks around the apartment cautiously. She sees his stere cabinet and pushes the ON button to the radio. Strangers Night comes over the sound system, Lucy Oh my God. Peter has a picture of himself framed prominently on his desk. Lucy picks it up. The sweet sound of Sinatra drifts through the room. She holds the picture and looks out the window. A beautiful winter sunset. The city sparkles with freshly fallen snow. Lucy breatites in the spectacle. She totally exhausted. The music soothes her. She stumbles in Peter’s bedroom and lies down.on his bed. As soon as her hits the pillow she falls asleep. cuT TO:
61) 0) text: Jack gropes for the light. He bangs into the night table. wakes with a start. A dark figure stands over her. Lucy SCREAMS! She reaches in her pocketbook. SSSHHHHH!
62) 0) text: Lucy and Jack enter the structure. Jack holds a compress his eyes. Lucy is nervous. f Lucy Why don’t you’ let me call an ambulance?
62) 5) dialog: (impressed) Wow, I couldn’t even hear it. cuT TO:
63) 0) text: Lucy grips the wheel with both hands and putts cautiously down the Avenue. Cars whiz past her. Jack lifts one of the compresses. His eye is bright red. Jack flips the
63) 2) dialog: It’s not my car.
63) 12) dialog: Nobody wears jewelry in the Subway. “ Lucy crawls around a corner...
63) 14) dialog: Of what?
63) 19) dialog: It’s expired. Jack grabs his license back, It's expired, Jack is totall frustrated. Lucy creeps into the parking lot. Lucy Lucky thing I’m driving. She stops the car at the far end of the parking lot. Jack his compress.
64) 0) text: Lucy and Jack walk inside.
65) 6) dialog: (uneasy) I’m not sure. Jack smirks. The family looks uncomfortable.
65) 22) text: Lucy. (incredulous ) I have a boyfriend?
65) 34) dialog: I can’t do this anymore, Wanda. I’ve got to tell then.
66) 0) text: She shoves Joe Jr. in the closet. Lucy (warns) Not a word, dOE JR. Nice underpants. Lucy grabs her panties out of the closet and shuts the do
67) 0) text: Lucy opens the door. Saul walks in. He looks at the panti Lucy’s hand. Lucy shoves them in her pocket. Saul takes h off politely.
67) 2) dialog: What?
68) 0) text: Lucy hauls Joe Jr. to the door. There’s a knock on the do Lucy freezes. Lucy Who is it?
70) 0) text: Lucy regains her composure and opens the door. Jack stand the other side. Lucy What do you want? 62
70) 3) dialog: I was just going out.
71) 0) text: Lucy walks briskly along the avenue. Jack follows a few s behind. Lucy ignores hin. ~
71) 4) dialog: So what’s his type?
71) 7) dialog: You're jealous.
71) 9) dialog: Why don’t you buy a new one?
72) 0) text: The park is frozen. Lucy tries to walk along the path but slips and slides every step of the way. Jack follows. The baby steps. Jack tries to catch up with her.
72) 7) dialog: My knees are freezing.
73) 0) text: Lucy stands in the chilly cold air looking out across Bro the East River and the silhouette of the World Trade Cent Mel slinks out beside her. Lucy bends and-scoops him up. phone rings. Lucy ducks through her window and picks it u LUcY Hello? ’
73) 3) dialog: (smiles) Yes.
73) 6) dialog: No. 66
74) 0) text: We hear the rhythmic, soothing sound of the surf as Jack his truck. He and Lucy climb ont and walk along the boardwalk. They cross a vacant lot and stop in front of a tiny board hot dog stand. Lucy stares at Jack stands in Jack points to
74) 6) dialog: Where are the mountains?
74) 8) dialog: Have you always wanted to run your own business?
74) 12) dialog: I’ve got my passport. She finds it out and shows it to Jack. Jack laughs. Hi 68
74) 23) dialog: (smiles) I think about my Dad a lot. Jack doesn’t say anything,
74) 24) dialog: He liked maps. If he heard of a place on T.V. he would get out the atlas and find it, then we would figure out how to get there. 70
74) 26) dialog: (smiles) We drove to Cooperstown once. We packed a lunch and mapped our route and when we got there he was real proud. He said he got to the Hall of Fame before Pete Rose. dack grins.
74) 28) dialog: And I miss how he loved ne. A cold wind blows. The lights from the boats bob in the distance. The streetlight shines brightly.
75) 0) text: The streetlight blinks off. Far off, another train horn s Lucy and Jack still sit on the bench. Talking.
76) 0) text: Lucy’s in the booth. The trains SCREECH IN and OUT. Lucy doles out tokens. She looks tired. Dark circles have form under he eyes. She sweeps money in and shoots tokens out. barely looks up until she hears a knocking on the booth w Mary, dressed in her Brownie uniform, stands in front of window. Lucy Mary, what are you doing here?
76) 3) dialog: What happened?
77) 0) text: Lucy sweeps her Christmas cards off the shelf and places bubble carefully in their place. A horn HONKS outside. Lu looks out the window. Jack’s truck is parked at three parking meters on the str below.
77) 3) text: (calls) Hold on! Lucy ducks back inside. The parking enforcement cart stops.
78) 0) text: Lucy paws through a tin can, grabs some coins and throws fistful out the window. Change showers down on Jack. Two little boys run after it runs after then. Lucy stands in the window watching Jack chasing coins and She’s laughing. cut To: INT. HOSPITAL ~ PETER’S ROOM Jack and Lucy play poker. Jack sits on one side of Peter. sits on the other. Jack deals. Lucy lasks at her cards. S throws two tongue depressors into the pot. Jack looks pas
78) 1) dialog: You're cheating. +
79) 0) text: Jack and Lucy sit at a small table by the window, laughin waitress shuffles up. She looks at Lucy. Lucy glows.
80) 0) text: Jack pulls the truck to the curb. Snow falls gently. Lucy Thanks for the gift.
80) 2) dialog: (smiles) 4 It’s beautiful. Lucy takes her hat and glassés off and shakes out the sno hair cascades to her shoulders. Snowflakes dance around h Jack is mesmerized. He stares ar her. Her at hin.
80) 3) dialog: Well, goodnight.
81) 0) text: Jack opens the door and walks in. 75 Ox Lucy’s pregnant! Mary stands next to Ox in her Brownie uniform. Jack is in Ox (hushed } C’mon. Ox leads Jack and Mary outside.
83) 0) text: LONG SHOT. dack drives his truck over the BQE. 77 INT. LUCY’S APARTMENT ~ LATER Lucy watches T.V. with Mel. There’s a knock on the door.
83) 1) dialog: Who is it?
84) 0) text: Lucy confronts Joe Jr.
84) 1) dialog: That's against the law. Joe Jr. stands in front of her with a horseshoe~shaped wr roses. He thrusts them forward.
84) 4) dialog: (concerned) How? JOE JR. Like you just seen your first Trans An, Lucy doesn’t answer. JOE JR. (despondent) Here, take ’em. You can lay ‘em on my coffin.
85) 0) text: Jack enters and starts up the stairs. . = J, f -O.V. ~ Joe Jr. thrusts the bouquet of flowers in Lu hands. Lucy hugs him sympathetically. Jack ducks back around the corner.
86) 0) text: Joe Jr. is in Lucy’s embrace, JOE JR. You wearing the black bra? Joe Jr.‘s flowers smack him in the face. JOE JR. I love black underwears. cur TO: 79
88) 0) text: cUT TO: Lucy walks down the hall. The whole family, except Jack, gathered in Peter’s room. Lucy pokes her head in.
88) 1) dialog: Hi. The family greets her heartily. She looks at Peter. Lucy Sane?
88) 3) dialog: Where’s Jack? =< cUT TO:
90) 0) text: The car motors along Prospect Park and turns onto Flatbus Avenue. Lucy looks in the rearview. She sees Jack’s truck following her. Jack hangs two cars back.
91) 0) text: Lucy putts through the working class neighborhood. Jack f Lucy bangs into the curb and parks in front of a small ho The truck eases to a stop up the street. Jack spots the B Lucy. Jack slips out of the cab. He sneaks up to the hous tiptoes along the shrubs, spots a window, looks around an quietly tries to peek in. Teo high. Jack hoists himself w his elbows. Suddenly Lucy yanks his ankles. Jack CRASHES into the shr Lucy Peeping Tom! Jack struggles to untangle himself from-the bushes. Lucy What are you doing here! ‘
91) 3) dialog: About what! Jack stalks to the door. Lucy (horrified) What are you doing! 82 Jack bangs on it.
92) 0) text: Lucy and Jack enter. Music throbs. The house is full of M workers. The women are all dressed to kill. Lots of sequi hats. The men are nattily attired in suits and ties. Ball and streamers hang everywhere. A few couples dance in the room. Celeste and Geraldine scurry over to see Lucy’s dat Geraldine shouts above the din.
92) 9) text: Lucy! Jerry comes across the room smiling broadly. Lucy cringes
92) 14) dialog: Jerry, can I talk to you? Lucy hustles off with Jerry.
92) 15) dialog: (whispers) That's not Peter, that’s Jack.
92) 20) dialog: {shakes her head) No, Peter. 83
92) 35) dialog: (shocked) Ifm not having twins! Tim not pregnant. Everyone stares at her. Lucy I have to go. Lucy races to the closet and finds her coat. Lucy I’m sorry, Candace.
92) 38) text: C’mon get in. Lucy keeps walking.
92) 40) dialog: (interrupts) You thought I was having Peter’s illegitimate child.
93) 0) text: It’s New Year’s Eve. All fares are free. Lucy walks up th 86 steps, through the open swinging door and waits on the pl In a moment Jack runs up the stairs. JACK . O.K., you’re right. I thought - Peter was going to marry you because you were pregnant, but the truth is there’s no way Peter could be in loveiwith you. Lucy is near tears. Jack grabs her arn.
93) 1) dialog: Let go. He doesn’t. Lucy tries to pull away.
93) 6) dialog: Can you put my glasses back on? I can’t see you. Jack smiles and puts her glasses on.
96) 0) text: Jack flops on his bed. A picture of him with Peter as kid on the dresser. He stares at the picture guiltily, stands turns it toward the wall. : Cur To: INT. JERRY’S OFFICE - NEXT MORNING Jerry is hung over. He plops some Alka Seltzer in a glass sits on the other side of his desk in her uniforn. Lucy I’m having an affair. gerry looks at her, groans and guzzies down the Alka Selt Lucy I’m in love with Jack.
96) 4) dialog: Ican‘t. They practically adopted me.
96) 8) dialog: The next door neighbor. (thinks) Actually he knows. Jerry throws up his hands.
97) 0) text: The Conlons, Lucy and Saul sit around the dinner table. Ox Pass the turnips. Jack and Lucy sit across from each other.
97) 2) dialog: (nods, shyly) Yes...it was...very nice. Jack squirms. Lucy looks at him. Mary looks at Lucy. Ox l at Mary. ELSIE ; New Year’s Eve hasn't been the same since Guy Lombardo died.
97) 16) dialog: It wasn’t.
97) 23) text: Lucy What about the restaurant?
97) 25) dialog: Don’t you do that. .
99) 0) text: Peter lies in his coma. The steady beep of his heart moni echoes through the room. Peter’s eyes flutter. cur To: INT. LUCY’S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT Lucy sits alone in her apartment. She has her tiny table Her dinner is untcuched. She looks at her snowbubble. She shakes it. Snow swirls. A tear runs down her cheek. Mel l at. her. Lucy cries.
100) 0) text: Jack sits alone on the same bench he and Lucy sat on. He out at the ocean. In the distance a train horn sounds. Ja listens. He sets his jaw, stands and runs toward his car.
101) 0) text: Jack parks his car epens the door and heads toward Lucy’s entrance. He walks, then runs faster...
102) 0) text: Jack races down the steps. He spots Lucy’s booth. Lucy si inside.
103) 0) text: Ox speeds to the hospital. Jack and Lucy sit in back. The miserable, cur TO:
104) 6) dialog: Everyone, listen I have some- thing important to tell you... The family looks at Lucy. Lucy (awkward) This isn't easy for me... (a deep breath) I was never... ~- PLOP. Elsie flops on the floor. « cur TO: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY . Another gurney BANGS through the swinging doors. Elsie is strapped to it. The Conlons race behind it. cur To:
108) 0) text: Ox steps on the elevator. The doors clese: The other door open. Lucy steps off. INT. PETER‘S ROOM 1 Peter picks up his turkey sandwich. Lucy pokes her head i Lucy Hi.
108) 6) dialog: (nods) You saved then.
108) 10) dialog: Now it’s my turn. Peter waits. Lucy takes a deep breath. She looks over her shoulder to make sure no one’s listening.
108) 11) dialog: I’m not your fiance.
108) 13) dialog: I work in a subway token booth. We don’t even know each other.
109) 0) text: Lucy staggers down the corridor.
111) 0) text: Jack stalks on. The elevator opens. Lucy steps off more determined then we've ever seen her. INT. PETER‘S ROOM Lucy marches in. Lucy You're going to listen to me! 106
112) 0) text: Lucy bursts into the hall.
112) 6) dialog: He doesn’t know me!
112) 8) dialog: What do you mean?
112) 10) dialog: What if he doesn’t die?
113) 0) text: Lucy sits in her booth. Jerry unlocks the door and walks He fishes in his jacket, pulls out an envelope--drops it of Lucy.
114) 0) text: t The BMW stops. Lucy gets out and sneaks to the house. She Jack getting undressed in his wpstairs bedroom window. Sh stealthily moves along the hedges, digs some gravel out o cold, hard ground and tosses it against his window. She w Nothing. She tosses some pebbles. The stones rattle again window. Still nothing. Lucy throws a snowball. The snowba bangs off the window, ricochets and hurtles back at her. trips. Dogs bark. The light comes on in Jack’s roon.
114) 4) dialog: Jack, I-tan’t go through with the wedding.
114) 6) dialog: He doesn’t even know me. It’s alie. I’m a lie. (beat) I love you.
114) 8) dialog: (sincerely) I know. on in another window. OX(o.s.) Jack? Lucy ducks behind a tree. The light goes
114) 11) dialog: (whispers) Jack... (looks at him) Do you love me?
115) 0) text: Lucy hustles down the street toward the hospital. Saul wa outside, *
117) 0) text: Lucy and Saul run down the hall. The wedding march begins Saul gets to the doorway.
118) 7) dialog: I’m in love with your son. 113 Ox (confused) I know.
118) 8) dialog: (looks at Peter) Not that one. (looks at Jack) That one. The priest shuts his bible. ox is pissed at Jack. Ox What the hell did you do?! Lucy He didn't do anything. It was me, Remember the first day at the hospital? Well, there was a mix- up. I saw Peter get pushed on the tracks and I saved his life. Only when I got to the hospital they wouldn’t let me see him so the nurse told the doctor I was his fiance only it’s not true. Jack is stunned. Everyone stares at Lucy--confused.
118) 10) dialog: I didn’t know how to tell you. (beat) I was never engaged to Peter. We never even met until that day in the subway. But when we were in the hospital room every- thing happened so fast. At first I couldn’t tell you the truth and then I didn’t want to tell you the truth. Because the truth was. I fell in love with yor. All of yon. I went from being all alone to having... (looks at Peter) a fiance... {looks at Midge) a daughter... {looks at Elsie) a granddaughter... (looks at Saul) a friend... {looks at Mary) and a sister. 114 Lucy looks at Peter. Lucy I saved your life that day in the subway but you really saved mine. You let me be part of your family. And even if it was only for a little while, 1711 love them always. Lucy looks at Jack.
118) 11) dialog: (softly) Jefferson and Roosevelt.
118) 13) dialog: Washington, Lincoln, Jefferson and Roosevelt. Mt. Rushmore. I’m going to go see it. I already called a travel agent. And I’m going to Florence next.
118) 23) dialog: The wedding’s off. JOE JR. (proudly) I guess the better man wen.” Lucy walks out. Arguing and shouting fill the chapel behi
119) 0) text: Lucy walks down the street alone. Snow falls gently. A su train rattles along an elevated track. A barking dog is d out as the train rumbles past rows of tenements and rocks the hospital. cuT To: INT. LUCY’S APARTMENT - LATER Lucy packs her belongings in boxes. There’s a knock on th Lucy opens it. Mr. Mollo stands on the other side.
120) 0) text: Lucy sits in her booth. Celeste shrugs on her jacket.
121) 0) text: Lucy and Jack stand at the altar.
121) 3) dialog: The wedding went off without a hitch except when Joe Jr. passed out with his head in the macaroni and cheese. (beat) And since he needed a new paint job anyway, Peter let us spray “Just Married" on his BMW. He even paid half the deductible. : But best of all... CUT To: 118
122) 2) dialog: Peter asked me when it was I fell in love with Jack... Jack grasps her hand and they walk together out of the tr station. Lucy(v.0. ) And I told him...it was while you were sleeping.
123) 0) text: The scene is Lucy’s snowbubble come to life with Florence famous Duomo rising above its red=tiled roofs. CAMERA HOL they walk hand-in-hand into the city. "Strangers in the N comes up on the SOUNDTRACK. .