6) 0) text: Lucy neryously stands in her landlord, MR. MOLLO’S apartm So does Mel, who stands safely behind her. Plastic covers broken window. Mr. Mollo sits at a table with a claim for
6) 1) dialog: (reads) Nature of claim...Christmas tree through window. (looks at Lucy) How’m I gonna write that on my insurance? Lucy casts her eyes down.
6) 2) dialog: They’re still pissed off about that arson claim I made in Staten Island.
6) 4) dialog: Why didn’t you bring it up the stairs? .
6) 6) dialog: That’s 0.K., Lucy. (stands) My brother Funzie’s in the glass business. Lucy heads for the door. Lucy I almost forgot. Lucy slips a tiny present out of her pocket.
6) 8) dialog: (surprised) Lucy, you didn’t have to do that. Lucy I wanted to.
6) 9) dialog: (embarrassed) I haven't gotten to my shopping yet. (beat) What size shoe you wear? JOE MOLLO JR. walks in. Joe Jr. is 22 and has his shirt provocatively unbuttoned to his pot belly. A gold chain w Playboy bunny decal hangs around the folds in his neck. JOE OR. Hey, Pop, can I give that bottle of Blue Nun you got from cousin Ornella to my probation officer?
6) 10) dialog: Joe Jr., can’t you see I’m talking here? me Lucy opens the door.
6) 11) dialog: You're a nice girl, Lucy. (whispers) You know Joe dr. is still single. Lucy looks at Joe Jr. He bends over and looks in the refrigerator. Lucy (uncomfortable) Yes, well, that’s a shocker. Joe Jr. perks up. He strikes a pose.
6) 12) dialog: Just thinking out loud. Night, Lucy. Lucy smiles and the door closes. The hall is empty. Lucy up her cat and walks down the dingy hallway. Lucy (scolds) Next time you get me set up with Joe Jr. I’m getting a dog.
119) 0) text: Lucy walks down the street alone. Snow falls gently. A su train rattles along an elevated track. A barking dog is d out as the train rumbles past rows of tenements and rocks the hospital. cuT To: INT. LUCY’S APARTMENT - LATER Lucy packs her belongings in boxes. There’s a knock on th Lucy opens it. Mr. Mollo stands on the other side.
119) 1) dialog: You're moving, Lucy? Lucy (nods) Sorry, Mr. Mollo,. 116
119) 2) dialog: (shrugs) I can jack up the rent. Besides I understand. Lucy You do?
119) 3) dialog: Joe Jr. told me all about it. Lucy Where is he?
119) 4) dialog: On a date with the divorcee in 209. The last thing Lucy packs is her snowbubble. cUT TO: