11) 0) text: Ox’s 200 pound mother-in-law, ELSIE, holds a pay phone an over a man announcing Bingo numbers. * 12
15) 0) text: Another set of doors BLASTS open. The Conlon family led b ox charge inside. Behind Ox is Midge, Elsie, Mary and Sau They storm the front desk.
15) 1) dialog: Where is he!
16) 0) text: Ox looks at the buttons frantically. Ox Where the hell is ICU?
18) 0) text: Lucy sits rigidly on the couch. Ox paces. The rest of the family deo their best to distract themselves. Elsie plays checkers with Mary. Midge looks exhausted. Saul dozes. Hi head falls against Lucy’s shoulder. The door opens and DA CHARLES eases in. He’s wearing his charcoal Brooks Brothe to match the somber occasion.
18) 1) text: (gravely) Dalton Charles, colleague of Peter’s at Lubel, Parker, Jacobs and Fink. Ox I’m Peter’s father. Dalton grips Ox’s hand firmly.
19) 15) dialog: Ox What?
24) 0) text: Ox wheels a huge Chrysier up to the doors and BLASTS the
35) 0) text: Mary sits under the tree, tears open a present and pops o box. She wrestles out a New York Jets football helmet.
45) 0) text: Midge brews coffee. Ox reads the newspaper. Lucy scurries Lucy God, I must have overslept! Ox Overslept, it’s seven A.M.
46) 0) text: Lucy (breathless) Got it. Midge pours coffee into a thermos and screws on the lid. waits impatiently. Midge hands Lucy the thermos. Lucy gra She heads for the door. The kitchen door swings open. Sau walks in cheerfully with a box of doughnuts.
52) 8) dialog: Jack...&4 want you to meet someone. Midge motions Lucy forward. Lucy stands in front of the d Lucy Hello. I/m Lucy. Lucy bends and looks through the keyhole. An eye stares b
53) 0) text: Ox stomps out of the garage carrying a ladder. He wears a boots and his pajamas. He props the ladder against Jack’s window. Jack climbs unsteadily onto the window sill.
60) 0) text: c.U. on angels depicted in stained glass. Mass is in prog The Conlions - Ox, Midge, Elsie and Mary ~- are lined in toward the front. A LECTOR leads the “Prayer for the Fait
81) 0) text: Jack opens the door and walks in. 75 Ox Lucy’s pregnant! Mary stands next to Ox in her Brownie uniform. Jack is in Ox (hushed } C’mon. Ox leads Jack and Mary outside.
82) 0) text: C.U. on baby Jesus in his cradie. Ox, Jack and Mary duck the nativity scene.
82) 6) dialog: We've got to get them married.
82) 12) dialog: Jesus! Jack jumps.
89) 0) text: 4 Jack, Ox, Midge, Elsie, Saul and Mary sit around the dinn table. Jack stabs at his food.
97) 0) text: The Conlons, Lucy and Saul sit around the dinner table. Ox Pass the turnips. Jack and Lucy sit across from each other.
103) 0) text: Ox speeds to the hospital. Jack and Lucy sit in back. The miserable, cur TO:
105) 19) dialog: (interrupts) Lucy’s a nice girl, Peter.
105) 22) dialog: She saved your life! Peter is stunned.
106) 3) text: 100 Ox (smiles) There’s more.
106) 5) dialog: (happy) More Conlons. Peter doesn’t understand. Ox Lucy’s carrying your child. Peter’s pulse rate goes wild. BEEP...BEEP...BEEP...
108) 0) text: Ox steps on the elevator. The doors clese: The other door open. Lucy steps off. INT. PETER‘S ROOM 1 Peter picks up his turkey sandwich. Lucy pokes her head i Lucy Hi.
116) 0) text: There’s a small crowd in the chapel. Mostly people in wheelchairs or with walkers. The Conions are lined up in first pew. They keep looking toward the door. Ox looks an Ox I should have picked her-up.
119) 0) text: Lucy walks down the street alone. Snow falls gently. A su train rattles along an elevated track. A barking dog is d out as the train rumbles past rows of tenements and rocks the hospital. cuT To: INT. LUCY’S APARTMENT - LATER Lucy packs her belongings in boxes. There’s a knock on th Lucy opens it. Mr. Mollo stands on the other side.