26) 5) dialog: (slightly sarcastic) Aw, I'm sorry. How's it going, babe!
26) 7) dialog: Yeah? Well, then what's holding things up?
26) 9) dialog: You've been here two days. How long does it take to steal one little ring? Usually, you're in and out the same day.
26) 11) dialog: Aw, that's sweet. Does he wear a little apron?
26) 13) dialog: (with real admiration) Never. You're the best. The best girl I ever had working for me. I never saw anybody do the injured wing scam like you do it. ‘Help me, save me, the big falcon is after me.'
26) 17) dialog: What? That stupid thing your mother gave you? Trash. I wouldn't pick my nose with it. Look, take all the time you need. Just get me that ring. He flies off.
33) 0) text: Margalo is treating herself to a bath and reprising the song she sang with the family. She is alone. She turns and is startled by the sight of Falcon perched on the edg of the birdbath. (CONTINUED)
33) 4) dialog: (sarcastic) Isn't this delightful? Singing in the shower. Do you need anything? A sponge, some shampoo?
33) 6) dialog: Yeah, you were just. Never con a con man. What's going on? I'm growing old waiting for that ring.
33) 8) dialog: Pardon me?
33) 10) dialog: You think I don't know what's going on? I've been watching you. You're starting to ‘like’ these people. Especially that mouse. She doesn't answer.
33) 11) dialog: Margalo, what did I teach you? First lesson.
33) 13) dialog: I didn't hear you.
33) 17) dialog: That's right. The mark is your victim. And when you care about them, you become the mark! You become the victim.
33) 19) dialog: That's right. Friendship comes and goes. Fear is permanent. And profitable. I'11 prove it to you.
33) 21) dialog: Get me that ring -- by tonight!-- or I'll kill the mouse.
33) 23) dialog: See what I mean? Fear. The only friend I need. By tonight. Don't forget. He flies away.
52) 0) text: The CAMERA TILTS DOWN FROM the towering heights of the building with its silver art deco pinnacle and massive falcon gargoyles projecting out from each corner of its uppermost floor. Stuart and Snowbell are across the street in a cafe, looking up. They are dwarfed by the immensity of the building.
59) 0) text: Stuart rising even higher up the side of the building. The balloon is being buffeted by winds. He is almost at the top. He sees the falcon gargoyles just above him. And then he is there. With perfect timing he steps out of the gondola onto the terrace surrounding the pinnacle of the building. It is strangely empty and unguarded. Clearly not many people arrive this way. Cautiously, Stuart reaches into his knapsack and pulls ou a bow made out of a paper clip and rubber band, and a pin cushion full of arrows. He begins stalking through the large space crouched like a policeman with a gun.
59) 14) dialog: Maybe I can explain. They look over and see Falcon who beckons.
59) 15) dialog: Let me show you something. Stuart hesitates.
59) 16) dialog: Afraid?
60) 0) text: There is stolen merchandise -- jewels, rings, pins, etc.!-- in old paint cans. Falcon enters with Stuart and Margalo behind him.
60) 3) dialog: My treasures. All the things in here... are stolen... many of them by Margalo. (points) This one... and this one... (holds up Mrs. Little's ring) And this special one.
60) 5) dialog: Try to follow along. She just pretended to be hurt, so you'd take her in. That's what she does. ‘Oh, maybe if I had a place to sleep. A little jewelry box perhaps.' Sound familiar?
60) 7) dialog: Margalo works for me. In fact, she does anything I tell her to do... or else.
60) 10) dialog: 
60) 15) dialog: Friend?!
60) 17) dialog: (to Stuart) Good-bye... 'friend."
60) 25) dialog: I didn't. The sidewalk's gonna do it.
69) 0) text: We FOLLOW Falcon returning from some foray or other to hi lair. He arrives to find Margalo still caged and a whole platoon of pigeons pecking around for scraps. Falcon lands next to the cage.
69) 1) dialog: (disgusted) Pigeons! Look at them! Bums. Panhandlers. Leeches. (yells) Hey! Here's an idea. Work for a living! I'll teach you a new word -- Ambition!
69) 5) dialog: Get out of here!! The pigeons fly away.
69) 6) dialog: (to Margalo) Well, have you thought it over? Are you coming back to work?
69) 8) dialog: Then rot in there. Falcon flies off. Just then, a stairway door is pushed open and Snowbell steps out.
74) 9) dialog: Margalo? Snowbell squeals in fright.
74) 11) dialog: Who broke that cage? The CAN TREMBLES.
75) 0) text: Margalo and Falcon.
75) 2) dialog: Well, then that isn't going to be very long! He raises his claws towards Margalo's throat. She closes her eyes. At that very instant the PUTT-PUTT of Stuart's PLANE can be heard. Falcon spins around as the plane shoots around from the side of the spire aiming right for Falcon's face They all seem stunned to see the other. Falcon jumps back onto the terrace. Margalo cries when she sees him.
75) 6) dialog: (to Margalo) I'1l deal with you when I'm finished with him. (CONTINUED)
75) 11) dialog: You're mine now, you little rodent. Stuart gasps and grabs for the servo. Suddenly the plane does a flip/flop backwards somersault and tumbles rapidly toward the traffic below. It is an unexpected maneuver and takes both Falcon and Stuart by surprise.
78) 0) text: Stuart, being pursued, flies past Falcon's treasure tower The plane hits one of the guidewires, causing the tower to tip over, spilling all of Falcon's treasures onto the roof. The tower is about to crush Margalo when she wakes up and jumps out of the way. Mrs. Little's ring rolls towards her.
83) 0) text: Stuart and Falcon are in a dogfight, dipping and darting, Falcon more the aggressor.
85) 0) text: Falcon gains on Stuart. He catches him. Falcon has the plane in his claws. He rips off the top set of wings and crushes them. This releases the plane from his grasp and the plane spirals downward. Stuart is paralyzed with fear. He tries grabbing for the flight manual but it flies out of the plane. The ground is spinning rapidly toward him. Terrified, he covers his eyes.
88) 5) dialog: He heads for Stuart.