4) 2) text: BARRY COX, 17, athletic and perfectly handsome with that American/quarterback/class president appeal. A bit cocky. Likes his tough guy image.
4) 3) dialog: She does these exercises that pump ‘em up. Julie stares them down,
5) 0) text: MUSIC BLARES as Ollie's out door Gance floor is packed wi people, dancing their brains out. Barry and Ray lean against a rail, overlooking the dancefloor. The harbour in view behind them. Fishing trawlers and yachts line the docks. Buoys CLANG in the harbors wake. Barry swigs froma bottle of beer as they lo down on a brand new shiny black BMW that sits in the park lot. . BARRY . 2.8 Liter, 6 cyclinder, 190 Horse Power, optional sun roof.
5) 2) dialog: What did you get for graduation?
5) 6) dialog: And how many food stamps did that set your aunt back? Jesus, what's taking them so long? He looks down to the crowded bar below. Ray shrugs.
5) 8) dialog: (laughs, swigging a beer) It's fucked, man. I'm going to Boston U with your girl and you'll be in New York with mine.
5) 11) dialog: Or you could just keep an eye on Helen for me. Make sure she's okay and stuff. Ray eyes him. The guy's earnest.
5) 13) dialog: You're okay, you know that? When you first came here I had my doubts about you. But you turned out alright.
6) 20) dialog: A toast. Tous. To our last summer of immature adolescent decadence. Barry slams the oyster back. The other roll their cynical eyes but the corny toast works its charm. A shared feelin
6) 22) dialog: Yo, chum bait, take a hike. Max recovers instantly and dives for Barry. Ray intercept throwing himself between the two.
7) 0) text: MUSIC BLARES from the speakers. Barry drives recklessly, crossing the line deliberately, LAUGHING it up.
7) 2) dialog: The coach gives freshm gonna kick SOME COLLEG: a‘lead in. I'm .SSih!
7) 4) text: Barry BEATS the dash, EKOLLERING. Helen falls down into h seat, spinning around, a bit tipsy.
7) 12) dialog: Then we make a pact, Right here and now. No matter where we go. No matter what we do. No matter what happens. We stick together.
7) 17) dialog: 
9) 0) text: Dead silence. Julie and Ray are frozen stifi. Barry takes Swig of Jim Beam, eyeing them in the mirror.
9) 1) dialog: You guys should get out more.
9) 4) dialog: Wno's the asshole? You got in the car with a drunk driver. You should know better little Miss-I-got-a-scnolarship- for being soooo smart.
9) 6) dialog: Thus the name--Reaper's Curve. Barry puts the car in gear, giving Helen a conspiratory w She suppresses a giggle as Barry takes off down the road. Only much saner this time. The perfect by-the-book driver (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: A private beach. A secret teenage party site. “Ponight, i deserted. Except for Barry's shiny new BMW, parked near t water's edge.
11) 0) text: A campfire burns and CRACKLES. The two couples cozy aroun it, intertwined, listening to Ray spin a spooky tale. Ray ..the boy and girl are making out | when they hear on the radio that a lunatic killer has escaped from an insane asylum and he has a long, sharp hook for a hand... Barry brings the Jim Beam to his lips.
11) 1) dialog: Dude, you're telling it wrong...
11) 3) dialog: (interrupting) No, that's not the way it goes...see they run out of ges and the guy goes for help and the girl stays in the car and hears this scratccchinggg sound on the roof...
11) 5) dialog: No, it's scratching because the guy's been hung from a tree limb and his feet are scratching against the roof...
12) 0) text: The near full moon illuminates the beach. In the distance oe cometre can be seen dwindling. Down at the water's Helen dances about with sparklers in each hand, the tiara still atop her head. She performs for Barry who lies in t (CONTINUED)
12) 4) dialog: 
14) 0) text: It's late. The party is over. Helen is fighting a sloppy drunk Barry for his keys. There's no way he can drive.
14) 2) dialog: Nobody drives my car but me.
14) 7) dialog: No, no, you don't.... But she's too fast for him. She swipes his keys and tosse them to Ray who nabs them. Barry turns on Ray.
14) 8) dialog: Gimme my fucking keys.
14) 11) dialog: NOBODY drives my fucking car. You got that, shit smear?
15) 0) text: Ray is behind the wheel. Julie is beside him. Helen and Barry in the back. Barry has gathered his second wind. He reaches for his bottle.
15) 1) dialog: You can't drive for shit. Julie sits in the front seat, next to Ray. She turns to Barry. . .
16) 0) text: Barry protrudes from the sun roof, guzzling his Jim Beam.
16) 2) dialog: (imitating Julie)
17) 0) text: Ray maneuvers around the curve, Barry staggers above, dropping the Jim Beam. The bottle falls down into the car hitting Ray's shoulder sending it spewing forth all over car.
17) 3) dialog: (from above)
18) 0) text: Barry is plastered to the roof of the car, holding on for dear life as... The car spins wildly several times before coming to a jer halt.
19) 0) text: Barry falls down into the back seat. His face terrified. Blood streaked across it. A moment of dead silence.
19) 1) dialog: 
19) 8) dialog: It's not mine.
19) 10) dialog: Jesus Christ. My fucking car. Julie throws the door open and reces out. suit. 20 19.
20) 0) text: The car is half on-half off the road. Barry runs around t the front of the car. The front grill is busted and coate in blood. BARRY . Ray, you fuck. Can't you look where you're going? Ray is frazzled.
20) 3) dialog: A fucking deer could. Barry staggers toward Ray, ready to strike him.
20) 5) dialog: My dad's gonna freak on my ass.
20) 12) dialog: Fuck that. Let's go. They start back for the car when Julie loses her footing, stumbling over something. She looks down to see, lying at her feet...
20) 17) dialog: There's no way...no...
20) 20) dialog: Will you get a grip? Julie holds onto Ray as they move down the road. The flashlight casting a single ray into the night.
20) 30) dialog: Check his pulse.
20) 32) dialog: You're the one who ranmed him.
20) 35) dialog: Shit! Fuck! (CONTINUED)
20) 42) dialog: What's the hurry? The guy's dead.
20) 44) dialog: Use your brain, Julie. We call the police and we're fucked.
20) 53) dialog: It's my car. They'll nail my.ass.
20) 55) dialog: Are you kidding? Look at me, I'm drunk as shit. I'm fucked. Barry hits himself in the head several times, hard. Helen goes to him, near delirious.
20) 58) dialog: Then we leave. Right now.
20) 60) dialog: Think about it. He's already dead. There's nothing we can do to bring his ass back.
20) 68) dialog: We can clean it up.
20) 72) dialog: Then we dump the body. Barry is raging. Julie's face drops in shock, nearly laughing.
20) 75) dialog: We could drag him to the water and dump him in. They wouldn't find him for weeks. By that time all the evidence will be washed away. (CONTINUED)
20) 80) dialog: This is your future, Julie, think about it. College, your scholarship... He's already dead. If we go to the police-- we're dead too. This gives Julie pause. He's gotten to her. Suddenly, in the distance... EXT. ROAD - HEADLIGHTS APPEAR 21°
20) 81) dialog: 
20) 84) dialog: Ray, give me a hand. Barry and Ray, like teamwork, grab the body and drag it completely off the road. The headlights come closer. Juli squints to see an old pick-up making its way to them. They get the body to the side of the road...Barry kneels in front of it, pushing it into the ditch.
20) 88) dialog: Jesus, fuck. Get rid of him. The truck pulls along side of them. Julie moves out to me it. Her face deliberating, calculating. The moment of truth. Max sticks his head out the window. Always happy to see h
21) 0) text: Ray and Barry drag the man's body through the brush. Hele leads the way with a flashlight while Julie picks up the rear. She holds her own flashlight, keeping her distance.
21) 1) dialog: (rationalizing) Even if his rody washes ashore in the next coupla weeks, it'll be eaten by crabs and small fish...maybe we'll get lucky with a shark. They move quickly...efficiently. Fueled by fear.
22) 1) dialog: Okay, put him down. They maneuver his body just so.
22) 6) dialog: Let's do it. Barry starts to roll him overboard.
22) 10) dialog: Why?
22) 13) dialog: Let's just pretend he's some escaped lunatic with a hook for a hand end we're . doing everybody a favor. Where's his boot? Julie holds it up. Barry grabs it, then leans down to the man's foot. He quickly, decisively slides it on. Silence. Barry wipes the sweat from his brow.
22) 14) dialog: Okay. Help me, Ray. Julie grabs his arm, holding him back. He looks at Julie.
22) 16) dialog: Shit! We agreed.
22) 18) dialog: 
22) 26) dialog: 
22) 29) dialog: Fuck that! Gimme the flashlight. In a split second, Barry dives in.
23) 0) text: Murky and dark. A small shaft of light from the flashligh illuminates Barry as he weaves his arms frantically, feeling.. .searching. His hands get tangled in kelp. Thic long strands of it. He keeps s looking. Nothing. Then Bar turns, smashing right into, * (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: Barry breaks the surface, GASPING, sucking air. Ray reach for him.
25) 0) text: They help him back onto the dock as a PANTING Barry tries regain his breath. A moment, then he slings the tiara at Helen.
26) 0) text: Barry marches frantically to the car. The others scurry around him, trying to keep up with his pace.
26) 1) dialog: Okay, we're going to go home now and never ever, ever, under-any circumstances known to God, speak about this again. Is
26) 5) dialog: Helen?
26) 7) dialog: We make a pact right here and now. We take this to the grave.
26) 9) dialog: Julie? She looks at them all in contempt. A moment. Then she hal nods. Barry rages. ‘ BARRY Don't fucking nod your head. You say it.
26) 11) dialog: We take this to the grave. Let me hear it. Ray and Helen try to pull him off her.
26) 16) dialog: You fucking say it. Julie doesn't flinch. She stares back at all of them. Pur disgust.
41) 0) text: A large open deck adorned with expensive patio furniture. The open sea stretches out beyond it. Barry has read the. letter. He shoves it back at Julie.
41) 1) dialog: So?
41) 3) dialog: Keep it down. Through a glass door, Barry's MOTHER can be seen, tinkeri inside the house. An elegant woman, very proper. Barry pushes the door closed. 40. (CONTINUED)
41) 7) dialog: Nothing. This is nothing. I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER. Ooooohhhh. What e crock of shit.
41) 9) dialog: I'll say. You two should look ina Mirror. You guys look like shit run over twice. :
41) 12) dialog: Come on, Julie. How do you know it's even related? You did a lot of things last summer.
41) 14) dialog: You shut the fuck up. We didn't murder anyone.
41) 18) dialog: Who? (CONTINUED)
41) 24) text: I haven't seen Ray since last summer. We broke up. Last-I heard he was up north working. Barry's getting really annoyed by all. of this.
41) 25) dialog: Okay, let's suppose somebody else was there that night. Why send a letter one year later? It's probably just a crack fucking around. Then it dawns on them at the same time. Barry and Julie's eyes meet. They're thinking the same thing.
41) 26) dialog: Max.
41) 28) dialog: Wno else? He was there.
42) 0) text: Julie, Helen, and Barry walk the boardwalk to the harbor. The town is crowded. Lots of TOURISTS. 3% banner hangs ov Main Street. It reads...
42) 4) dialog: You two wait here.
42) 6) dialog: Be cool. I know what I'm doing. Barry enters the bar. Julie and Helen stare at each other
43) 0) text: Almost empty. It's still early. Just the REGULARS saddled up next to the bar. : Barry marches in, determined. He looks to the MAN behind bar. A round man with a big belly.
43) 1) dialog: Hey, Ollie. Max around?
44) 0) text: Barry moves down a walkwey that leads to a small set of buildings that sit on the water. A motor CRANKS loudly fr atop one of them. This is the ice house. FISHERMAN and WORKERS go about their day. Max is loading crates of crabs onto a dolly when he spots Barry.
44) 2) dialog: Hey, Max, can we talk a sec? In private? Max is baffled. He looks around. A COUPLA FISHERMAN stand on the docks yards away.
45) 0) text: A large space. Blocks of:-ice everywhere. Hanging along o wall are several large steel hooks for wrangling the ice. BAM! Max's head CRASHES against a block of ice. A severe shove from Barry.
45) 2) dialog: Look, you shit, we got your little letter. ,
45) 4) dialog: Don't fuck with me. You saw us that night.
45) 6) dialog: I'm gonna say this once. I'll fucking kill your ass. I got no problem with that. Understand?
45) 8) dialog: Understand?
45) 17) dialog: He won't bother you anymore.
45) 19) dialog: I took care of it.
45) 23) dialog: I scared the shit out of him, okay? Julie appears the skeptic when a tall, towering FIGURE appears behind her.
45) 24) dialog: Well, I'll be damned... Julie spins around to find Ray standing behind her. He we a green fisherman's slicker. His face appears older, rougher. His demeanor is quiet, eyes intense. The transition from boy to man has been made. His appearance almost takes her breath eway.
45) 29) dialog: So Ray grew up to be a fisherman, huh?
45) 31) dialog: That's nice. I'm outta here, guys. Have a nice life. Barry shoves off. He's not interested in any reunion. Ray looks to Julie, timidly. RAY ‘ Gotta minute? Helen gets the hint. She begs off. (CONTINUED)
47) 1) text: lot. Still shiny and Barry's BMW pulls into the gym parking hops out with his new looking. It sports a new grill. (CONTINUED)
48) 0) text: A spacious, outdoor workout area that overlooks the water Free weights and circuit machines everywhere. It's late a the gym is deserted. Barry, now in workout clothes, is at the bench press, in the middle of a set. He pumps it out...in a mad rage almost. A release for his anger.
49) 0) text: Barry stands at an open locker, his letterman jacket hang prominently inside with his other things. A sweaty Barry undresses when he hears a RUSTLING behind him. He turns..
49) 1) dialog: Hello? . There's no one there. He moves around a row of lockers. T place seems completely empty. He lets it go.
50) 0) text: Barry stands nude under the shower. Steam rising around h Suddenly, a shadow moves along the wall. Barry sees it, turns quickly...
50) 1) dialog: Hello? No one's there.
51) 0) text: Barry walks to his locker drying himself with a towel. He looks to his locker to find... A small picture shoved in its door. A Polaroid. He rips i off, curious. CLOSE ON the picture. It's a snapshot of his BMW, parked the gym parking lot. He turns it over, scribbled on the b are the words: I KNOW...
51) 1) dialog: What the... He turns quickly and races through the locker room lookin for whoever left this for him. His anger mounting. He searches the locker room, row after row...but no one's th (CONTINUED)
51) 3) dialog: The door is open. Barry grabs his clothes, dressing furiously.
52) 2) dialog: An OLDER MAN in sweats appears from a back room. Who else is here? out? Just you and me, pal.
52) 3) dialog: 
53) 2) dialog: Motherfucker! VROOM! VROOM! Barry looks up to find, half-way up the roa fifty yards away, sits his car. And pissed. He moves to it, hurriedly. Barry's face is riddled. He gets within twenty feet of the BMW when the headlights FLICK on, shining in Barry's face. behind the wheel but the headlights are too blinding.
53) 3) dialog: Max...you're a dead man. Just then, the car starts up, car guns backwards, in reverse, REVVING again. Suddenly, down the road towards... He strains to see who's the 50 51 52 53 51.
54) 0) text: surrounded by an old boat yard. The car careens backwards deep into the dock area, leading...luring Barry. Barry is directly in front of the car, wnen he hears the gears shift. In.a split second, the car accelerates forwa right at him. Barry bolts, moving around a fishboat that sits up on a d dock. He slips through the pilings, just missing being RAMMED into the boat. Feet pounding, Barry charges for the boardwalk, trying desperately to outrun the car as it speeds towards him. H crosses over to the boardwalk, but the BMW doesn't flinch It torpedoes towards him. Barry comes to a dead end, Crab pots stacked in front of old billboard. He looks about, sizing up his options. The BMW hits the brakes, reverses and spins the car around sharply so that it faces Barry head on. Barry's trapped. The car IDLES, as if egging him on, daring him to make a for it. Barry tries to make out who's driving. But it's too dark, all he can see is a SHAPE. The car REVS. Barry, scared shitless, must make a decision. He makes a run for it, bu the car has him. It hits the gas, PLOWING into him, sendi him CRASEING through the the crab pots, into the billboard...through it..and onto the boardwalk beyond.
55) 0) text: Barry lay still on the boardwalk. Shattered glass everywhere. His body unmoving. CLOSE ON Barry's face. Terrified but somehow conscious. A piece of glass stuck in the cheek below his left eve. He squirms, wiggles, tries to free himself but it's useless. His legs are trapped by the grill of the car. Barry, near tears, lifts himself up, looking towards the He tries to get up but fails, collapsing, falling face do onto the boardwalk. Suddenly, he hears the car door SQUEAK OPEN. Two boots hi the ground moving towards him. The tough as nails Barry i reduced to tears. He SCREAMS BLOODY MURDER!
55) 1) dialog: 
55) 5) dialog: What do you want? Please...please... The figure reaches down towards him slowly...in no hurry. Barry cranks his head to look up at the figure but headli blind him.
55) 6) dialog: I'm sorry....We didn't mean it... The FIGURE is upon him, quickly...swiftly, grabbing him b the hair, wrenching his head back. The last image Barry s is that of shattered glass and the reflection of a figure magnified many times over. His face hidden by a slicker.
56) 0) text: Barry lies in a hospital bed. Alive. Heavily bandaged wit a large cast on his arm. He's sleeping more peacefully th he has a right to. Barry's mother, stern and proper, is nearby, along with h HUSBAND, an older version of Barry. They listen to a YOUN DOCTOR explain his condition. The doctor speaks in a whisper.
58) 0) text: Barry is very much awake. He lies in bed restless and . pissed. Julie and Helen are on either side of him. Ray is on the phone. Emotions are high.
58) 1) dialog: No, for the fortieth fucking time, I couldn't see his face. Ray hangs up the phone, turning to the others.
58) 3) dialog: It wasn't Max.
58) 6) dialog: And what are they going to do besides arrest us?
58) 11) dialog: I don't know. Some guy in a slicker.
58) 13) dialog: ‘(snapping) And since you bring it up... Barry stares Ray down.
58) 14) dialog: We all know you have a slicker.
58) 17) dialog: Yeah?
58) 19) dialog: You were a fuckin' lowlife when you came here.
58) 27) dialog: Speak for yourself. .I was doing fine before last night. .
58) 29) dialog: NN How do you know about that?
58) 31) dialog: That was an accident.
58) 34) dialog: I'm not going to the police. And you're ~ not either. we A threat. Simple. Direct. (CONTINUED)
58) 38) dialog: And how do we do that? Huh? There was no accident, Julie. It was murder. Your words, remember. MUR-DER. I say we find the fuck who's doing this and have a little one on one.
58) 40) dialog: Fuck you!
58) 46) dialog: Well...it's a start.
81) 0) text: Barry, bruised and bandaged, sits next to a SNIFFLING Hel comforting her. The door RIPS OPEN, alarming them. They look up to see Julie, beyond panic.
82) 0) text: Julie leads Helen and Barry down the street. Barry's arm in a sling. Helen wears a baseball cap over her hair. The approach the car.
82) 1) dialog: You sure he was dead?
82) 7) dialog: Where'd he go? Did the crabs carry him away?
82) 11) dialog: Wny would he do that? JULIE . I don't know, Barry. Why did he run you over? Why did he make cole slaw on Helen's head? He's fucking with us!
82) 14) dialog: Come on, Julie, let's go back to the house.
82) 23) dialog: You're gonna die... Julie jumps on top of them, to intercede. She grabs Barry arm, the one in the cast, he WELCHES in pain.
82) 26) dialog: You're fucking lying. He's fucking lying.
82) 28) dialog: Wake up, Julie. He's behind this. Who else could it be? How many fucked up fisherman are out there? (CONTINUED)
82) 32) dialog: Oh...you got a letter. I get run over, Helen gets her hair chopped off, Julie gets a body in a trunk, and you get a letter. That's balanced.
82) 34) dialog: Drop the act. You killed Max. You took 2 my jacket...
82) 36) dialog: What is it, Ray? You were doggin' us from the start, weren't you? Always wanting to be our friend. Wanting to be one of us. But you were too fucking jéalous to handle it. Ray doesn't flinch. He stands firn.
82) 43) dialog: Okay. So if it's not fisherboy here, who's doing all this? How do we find him?
83) 2) dialog: . Where? CLOSE ON a row of sports photos. TIGHT ON A YOUNG TEEN, handsome and athletic, suited up in his football uniform. kneels, holding his helmet. (NOTE: A younger version of t man from the dock in the opening scene.)
83) 4) dialog: Yeah, his face isn't splattered all over the road. Julie turns the page.
83) 9) dialog: Maybe Blue's not his real name.
83) 19) dialog: I'll pound his ass.
83) 25) dialog: We have a right to protect ourselves.
83) 29) dialog: We don't have time for this moral shit. Ray, are you going to help or are you going to be a little limp ass wuss? to Julie, grabbing her. Desperate. RAY . Come on, Julie. Don't you see? It's the same thing all over again. It's that moment where we have to make a decision. Let's make the right one this time.
85) 0) text: On a side street, the parade lines up. Hometown floats of giant fish and shrimp and other sea life are pulled by decorated cars and trucks. The local high school band WAR UP. Helen leans against a float of huge colorful seashells. She's barely recognizable. Her hair has been slicked back make-up applied, her tiara in place. She looks striking, sexy even. Barry stands next to her.
85) 1) dialog: I'm going to ride up in the truck. Signal if you see anything.
85) 3) dialog: You'll know. Helen nods, very uptight...nervous. HELEN . Look at me, I look like shit. Everybody's gonna see my hair.
85) 4) dialog: We could lose the vanity. We have other concerns. .
85) 8) dialog: I don't hate you, Hellie. Barry touches her slick hair.
85) 9) dialog: You know, I kinda like you this way. You kinda got a European thing happening. She smiles at him. She finds his gentleness very soothing
87) 0) text: The skies are dark and overcast. But it doesn't keep away the crowds that line the street as the Croaker Festival parade is under way. The high school band marches in fron followed by float after float--all in some nautical theme Finally, Helen's float rides by. She sits in a seashell throne with her tiara and scepter. She waves to the crowd CLOSE ON her face...tight, nervous. Barry rides in the truck up front. He turns to her and smiles. This brings her a small measure of comfort. She looks out to the crowd, waving...her hand tiring, suddenl the... FISHERMAN APPEARS...standing behind a MOTHER and CHILD. T Fisherman wears the slicker's hood over his head, shieldi his face from being seen. Helen's heart starts POUNDING. She waves frantically at Barry whose head is turned away from her.
87) 2) dialog: The band...the crowds...the noise drowns her cries. The Fisherman doesn't flinch, he just stands...watching Silently. His body still. (CONTINUED)
87) 5) text: Barry pushes and shoves his way through. He sees the Fisherman walking away, towards the boardwalk. He moves o him, coming upon him, PLOWING into him. The Fisherman goe down...his hood comes off to reveal... AN OLD MAN, thin and fragile...definitely not a threat to anyone. .
87) 7) dialog: Shit! Where is he?
90) 0) text: The parade takes a turn onto another street where a whole crowd of SPECTATORS awaits. Helen loses sight of the Fisherman and Barry. She continues to wave, going through the motions, very frightened when suddenly she sees the.. Fisherman, standing up ahead, in the crowd. She does a double-take but then on the other side of the street she the Fisherman...wait a minute...but then she sees another The float passes by the Fisherman, he removes the hood fr his head...his face, young and sweet...he picks e CHILD u and places him on his shoulders for a better view. Father and son. Helen turns to the other Fisherman, his face is also in view...an older man, graying. She looks up and down the street, local Fisherman are everywhere. This calms her a bit, realizing this is a normal sight in fishing town. She takes a deep calming breath and exhales but then sees... ANOTHER FISHERMAN. This one stands alone with the hood over his head. He sta right on the street's edge...as close as you can get to t floats. She passes by him, waving, smiling. He pulls his hand from his coat pocket to reveal a large, shiny curved object. Helen looks at it closely. It's a fish hook. Sharp and deadly. It disappears back in his coat pocket. A very deliberate move. He was showing it to her. Flaunting it.
90) 1) text: The float breezes right by him, Helen sits rigid in her s scared to move. She scans the crowd for Barry...sees him (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: Helen stands backstage with her tiara and scepter in tow. Barry stands next to her, comforting her. She awaits her cue, edgy as ever.
94) 1) dialog: Stay calm. I'll be up in the balcony.
94) 4) dialog: I promise you. It'll all be alright. She tries to smile.
94) 5) dialog: Break a leg. Then he leans over and gives her a little kiss. Sweet and simple. Her face lights up...surprised...distracted.
121) 0) text: Tne night is young. The town continves to party. More and more people flock to the boardwalk, dancing and Juking it Julie moves down the boardwalk. She moves through the cro looking for Helen, Barry...anybody. She reaches the raili and leans against it, looking out onto the harbor.