6) 7) dialog: You riding with me--I'm going.
6) 11) dialog: 
6) 12) dialog: Is little Miss Croaker getting sauteed tonight?
6) 14) dialog: Eat me. Elsa storms off as Barry and Ray are seen coming down the stairs towards them, (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: A back store room filled with equipment and inventory. TW GUYS are busy at work loading up an elevator--an ancient turned kind. They're being ordered about by Elsa. She appears a year older and still a bitch.
38) 1) dialog: Guys, guys--easy. It's called glass. it breaks. Her two tortured employees pull the rope pulley as the elevator disappears to the second floor as Elsa moves out door into...
39) 0) text: Elsa moves through the store, passing e make-up counter a SALES CLERK, bent over, busy at work. She looks toward th front of the door to see Julie, waving at her. Elsa cross to her. No smile, completely expressionless.
39) 1) dialog: Well, well, look what the cat drug in.
39) 8) dialog: Her New York number?
39) 10) dialog: Fact check, Julie. Helen doesn't have a New York number. If you need to speak to her, I suggest you try women's fragrances ten feet to your left. Elsa turns and points, thoroughly enjoying Julie's surpri Julie looks to the fragrance counter, her eyes shocked to find... - Helen, the sales clerk, standing behind the counter, adjusting a perfume display, her hands moving quickly, nervously. CLOSE ON her face. Her once classic looks now seem harsh and stark under her mask of heavy make-up. This is a different Helen. Except for the hair. It's as b and luscious as ever. It hangs so thick and full around h face, she appears to be hiding in it.
39) 11) dialog: Frightening, isn't it? nm looks up and spots Julie, and for the first time, in Hele probably a long time, smiles.
74) 0) text: Helen's room. It still has the personality of a high scho beauty queen. It seems & bit sad now given Helen's curren state. The FISHERMAN is nowhere to be seen...but there is open closet door... Helen starts to rip off her clothes...she moves to the cl when a shiny glimmer catches her eye. She goes to her dresser where her Croaker Queen Tiara rests, showcased, o her jewelry box. She picks it up and places it on her hea Helen stares at herself a moment...the memories...she yan it off and throws it to the dresser when she sees, reflec in the mirror, a FIGURE, standing behind her...she SCREAM MADLY, whipping around to find... Elsa, her sister, standing in the open doorway, her nose upturned.
74) 1) dialog: Is the washed-up, dried-out, has-been having a moment?
74) 3) dialog: We're doing inventory. I need you in the store by ten AM.
74) 7) dialog: Dad put me in charge of the store and I want you there by ten. Helen pulls her nightshirt over her head.
74) 9) dialog: You and your hair...pathetic.
74) 11) dialog: So very, very pathetic. Elsa takes off, shutting the door behind her. Helen grimaces, grabbing a bottle of pills from the night stand She pops two, washing them down with diet soda not notici the clothes that slightly sway just inside the closet. She pulls the covers back and crawls into bed. She turns light out and lies there...her face troubled by all that' happened. Helen tries to sleep.
76) 6) dialog: 
76) 22) dialog: She's lost it... Mom cuts Elsa a deadly stare but she knows there's some t to it. Helen is not the daughter she once was.
82) 51) dialog: I remember David. Complete fuck-up.
82) 53) dialog: Major lush. He was drunk when he got in that car accident. Drunk as shit~-ran off the road--the police didn't even give him a DUI. He killed his girlfriend and got away with it. Completely.
82) 57) dialog: ZT don't have time for this shit. Some of us have to work.
82) 59) dialog: We didn't travel in the same circles. I got a yearbook. Maybe there's something in there. She pulls a yearbook from under her bed and ‘slings it at Helen. : .
108) 2) text: Elsa can be seen at a counter, working in the dark store, finishing up for the night.
108) 4) dialog: What the... She recognizes her sister at the window.
110) 0) text: Elsa walks toward the door, taking her time, indifferent. Suddenly, she stops in her tracks, turning around. She returns to the counter for a ring of keys. Helen SCRE VICIOUSLY.
110) 1) dialog: I'm coming! I'm coming!
112) 0) text: Helen falls in the door, pulling it shut, grabbing the ke from Elsa--locking it. Elsa is miffed.
112) 1) dialog: You coulda walked around. The Broad Street entrance is open.
112) 3) dialog: You're what? Helen throws her the keys. HELEN . Lock the other door. I'll call the police. Helen tears off for the phone. Elsa is unbelieving.
112) 4) dialog: What is going on?
113) 0) text: Elsa races to the door, fumbles with the keys...not notic the door swinging shut...just closing’. She quickly locks it, and turns as a flash of silver come out of nowhere cutting into her neck, ripping it open...silencing her forever.
156) 0) text: Julie searches for a weapon. She finds a rigging pin lodg in the Wet room. She pulls out the pin...the nets fall aw revealing Max and Elsa...their bodies distorted and lifel Julie lets out a SCREAM.