6) 9) dialog: Hey Julie. I brought you a shooter on the house.
6) 17) dialog: Can I take you out sometime before you leave? Like a bon voyage thing?
6) 19) dialog: Come on, we've been friends since forever, you can't just leave without a farewell, Whaddya say? Suddenly, Barry appears, snatching the shooter off Max's tray, proposing a toast. He's getting happy faced.
20) 89) dialog: Hey, Julie. Whatsa matter? Car trouble? Julie looks down, she still holds the boot in her hand. s slides it behind her back.
20) 92) dialog: Guess it's not so new anymore. Julie tries to remain calm.
20) 94) dialog: (with asshole sarcasm) Daddy's gonna be mad.
20) 96) dialog: You can wipe that my-shit-don't~stink grin off your face.
20) 101) dialog: You almost got that rich boy act down, Ray.
20) 103) dialog: Oh yeah...seeya, Julie. He takes one last look around. Barry in the ditch. Helen leaning over him. Julie, her face nervous. Max shakes his head, disgusted with them. He hits the gas taking off. His truck disappears down the road.
44) 0) text: Barry moves down a walkwey that leads to a small set of buildings that sit on the water. A motor CRANKS loudly fr atop one of them. This is the ice house. FISHERMAN and WORKERS go about their day. Max is loading crates of crabs onto a dolly when he spots Barry.
44) 1) dialog: Go figure. I was just saying to myself. What's up with Barry Cox?
44) 3) dialog: This ain't private enough? ’ Barry heads into the ice house. He motions to Max. Curi
44) 4) text: Max follows. 43
45) 0) text: A large space. Blocks of:-ice everywhere. Hanging along o wall are several large steel hooks for wrangling the ice. BAM! Max's head CRASHES against a block of ice. A severe shove from Barry.
45) 1) dialog: Jesus. What the... Barry RAGES, throwing his weight against Max, holding him down. Grabbing a hook from the wall, he forces it against Max's face.
45) 3) dialog: What are you talking about? Get off me.
45) 5) dialog: What the fuck? Jesus, man, what are you on? : Barry presses the hook into Max's face. It's pointed end pricking Max's cheek. A small drop of blood blossoms.
45) 7) dialog: Get the fuck off me.
45) 9) dialog: Alright, man. Let up. Barry has unnerved Max. He relinquishes. He has no choice Barry releases him, walking out of the cooler, tossing th hook to the floor. He brushes by a COUPLA FISHERMAN who l up too see what the commotion is. (CONTINUED)
45) 13) dialog: Motherfucker... He stumbles out of the ice cooler. Barry is gone. The pla is empty. SSSSHHHH! A soft, high pitched sound envelopes the room. A WHISTLING. Max:looks around, unnerved.
45) 14) dialog: (to nobody) Don't test me, motherfucker. I'll call the police on your college quarterback ass. : A SOUND from behind causes Max to spin around. Standing i the doorway that leads to the dock is... A FISHERMAN... silhouetted against the light. His hooded slicker pulled down, hiding his face. A familiar medallion dangles from hand. Max eases up, recognizing him.
45) 15) dialog: Jesus, man. You scared the shit out of me. Max has had it for one day. He stabs the fish hook into a nearby wooden beam as the fisherman steps into the ice ho EXT. BOARDWALK - SAME a4 The crowded boardwalk. Julie and Helen try to keep up wit Barry's hurried pace.
80) 6) dialog: lying face up, pale and lifeless, very much dead. His bod crawling with live sea crabs. Julie SHRIEKS, stumbling ba horrified. The crabs...small ones, large ones move about ravaged body, claws out, nipping, pinching at it. Feeding The sight sickens her. She looks away but not before seei that his torso is wrapped in a letterman jacket. Stiched the upper chest is the name BARRY. She nearly collapses when a crab, dangling from the roof the trunk, falls down onto her. Julie freaks, brushing it off, just as...
156) 0) text: Julie searches for a weapon. She finds a rigging pin lodg in the Wet room. She pulls out the pin...the nets fall aw revealing Max and Elsa...their bodies distorted and lifel Julie lets out a SCREAM.