32) 1) dialog: (off camera) Is that you, Julie? Julie winces at her mother's voice. The kitchen door BURS open and Julie's mother, MRS. JAMES, appears. Mid-forties and well preserved. Smart and youthful. She's genuinely excited to see her daughter. But her excited face falls the instant she lays eyes on t barely recognizable Julie. A woman of grace, Mrs. James recovers brilliantly.
32) 2) dialog: Welcome home, dear. She grabs Julie, hugging her hard, holding back tears.
32) 3) dialog: I've missed you. Julie squeezes her mother back, relaxing for a moment, in comfort and safety of her arms.
33) 1) dialog: How's the snapper? I wanted monk but it's been a bad season. Fishing isn't what it used to be. Are you on drugs? Julie swallows.
33) 3) dialog: I was trying to surprise you. I wanted an honest reaction.
33) 7) dialog: Then what's wrong? You look like death.
34) 1) text: Mrs. James appears from the kitchen. She holds an envelop in her hand. She lays it on the coffee table.
34) 3) dialog: You have some mail. A letter came today. No report card, though. That came last week. Uh-oh. Julie turns to her, immediately on the defense.
34) 5) dialog: It would have to, dear, because according to the Dean of Boston University you have only one more chance. JULIE . It's not that serious, really...
34) 6) dialog: What happened to my daughter? You go away, you don't call or visit... Mrs. James points to the bookshelf.
34) 7) dialog: What happened to this girl? All her Plans? Her future? This isn't what your father and I wanted for you. If you need help. Let's get it. (CONTINUED)
34) 10) dialog: I'll make an appointment. Pamela recommends a woman downtown. Julie nods again. Mrs. James returns to the kitchen, leav Julie alone. She eyes.the letter on the table, picks it u CLOSE ON THE LETTER. There's no return address. Julie ope it, pulls out a single sheet of paper, unfolds it, reads it...and almost loses her dinner. Her knees buckle, her l give way, she grabs the table for support. Her face horrified. . CLOSE ON THE LETTER. Hand-lettered, scribbled in stark bl ink are the words...
34) 12) dialog: Is everything alright?
34) 14) dialog: Your guess is as good as mine. Why? Wnat does it say?
104) 5) dialog: Where have you been?