15) 0) text: Little standing away from Paula, face open and curious as see what he sees: an average, working class black man -- longshoreman type -- sitting at the small dining table ju off the kitchen. Paula standing as this man sits watching Little, neither them seeming very familiar with the other; neither seemin very interested in the other. A lot of busy work from Paula there, taking things into h arms: glass things, aluminum things, curious things we ca quite see.
23) 0) text: CHIRON (16) continues his staring. From just the look of this is clearly the Little character from moments before to his teens. MR. PIERCE (the biology teacher, late 20’s, black) clears throat.
33) 0) text: Chiron sitting on the shore watching the moon and the sta over the ocean. The sky is clear and yet it’s wild out, t wind whipping the reeds, ocean running waves upon the sho with verve. Tonight, the sea seems immense, moon glowing blue, leavin the ocean a deep black that renders it boundless, entropi Chiron lost in it all, releasing his troubles in the pres of this nature when...
35) 0) text: Chiron staring up at the clock as people push past him hurrying for the lunchtime lineup. Typical high school cafeteria landscape, cool kids wedged into tables to themselves, jocks wedged into tables by themselves, band kids not eating at all, just air-playing their sets, particularly the drum-line, forever table- tapping. And, of course, almost everybody is black. 56. Chiron moves through this mayhem, scanning the room for something, anything inviting. As he passes a group of gir he spots Kevin sitting by himself. Chiron’s eyes light up but he checks himself, doesn’t wan appear too obvious. He begins to take the longest route t get to where Kevin is but, before he can get halfway thro his journey... Terrell sits in front of Kevin. Chiron stops, diverts his attention before either can not him, heads instead for the lunch-line (his hands have bee empty). OVER IN THE CORNER...
39) 0) text: Black sitting in the reception area of this Rehab Clinic. doesn’t look lost here and yet... he doesn’t look comfortable, dressed in a conservative, button-up shirt. 65. Two or three others sit on simple chairs beside him, all them waiting. Finally, from somewhere across the room:
40) 0) text: Black sits in front of PAULA (40s now, hair pulled back, thinned but a light in her eyes that wasn’t there before) Paula looks down and goes into her pocket, pulls out a cigarette. Lights it, almost puts it in her mouth when sh stops and stubs it out.
40) 3) dialog: Alright. (then) I ain’t sleepin’.
40) 6) dialog: Bad dreamin’.
40) 9) dialog: Yeah.
40) 11) dialog: (Shrugs ) Good. Paula mimics Black’s shrug...
40) 13) dialog: When you go home?
40) 15) dialog: That’s good, mama.
40) 19) dialog: I'ma go.
40) 21) dialog: To who, you? Really, though? You? Black pushing back from the table, rising. Paula grabbing hand before he can turn, hard as he is, his mother’s touc instant pause, stands still staring at that ground:
40) 27) dialog: Damn Mama, yeah. (and looking to her now) I hear you. Paula taking up that cigarette again, lights it this time big, deep drag. Saviors it, pulls all of it deep down int her chest.
40) 29) dialog: IIt.
41) 0) text: Moving with Black as he turns off the main road, pulls in his apartment complex. As he makes his way through the parking lot, a figure app ahead of him, a young guy rising from a stoop, caught in glare of Black’s headlights. 74 75 69. Black heads directly for the young guy, then turns away f him, into his parking spot.
41) 2) dialog: You short, Travis. Travis’ brow arching with confusion.
41) 4) dialog: You short.
41) 6) dialog: I’m what? Pause.
41) 8) dialog: Then how you meant it?
41) 10) dialog: Where the rest of the roll? Travis thinks for a second -- maybe he is short, maybe hi count is off, but... he straightens, chin up:
41) 12) dialog: You sayin’ I’ma liar?
41) 14) dialog: Then what you sayin’?
41) 16) dialog: You just what? Travis goes quiet, eyes at his feet -- he’s fucked. Black let's him stew a minute, then... breaks into a toothy gri
41) 17) dialog: Nah. Just fuckin’ with you.
41) 19) dialog: Count good. You did good -- did real good. Black extending a few bills toward Travis, waiting as the nervously takes them from him.
41) 20) dialog: Can’t be on the corner if you can’t take a nigga just fuckin’ with you. Travis nods. Black extending a few more bills toward him, waiting as the boy nervously takes them. 76
41) 26) dialog: Heard you been in them dice games, too. Watch yo’ back with them folks. Be better off at Jai Lai, dice game bring nothin’ but pain. Travis wrinkling his face at that:
41) 28) text: INT. BLACK’S APT - NIGHT 76A QUICK IMAGE: Black moving about the apartment in just his boxers.
41) 34) dialog: Ma’, it’s late, I’m tryna sleep, I got your message. Beat. We can hear the other side of this connection. For now, i just the white noise of dead air, whomever’s on the other keeping to themselves, then...
41) 39) dialog: Yeah. (and) Hey.
41) 42) dialog: Yeah, I’m here.
41) 44) dialog: Yeah. I do. Been a while.
41) 46) dialog: Georgia. Atlanta. Been up here ever since....
41) 51) dialog: (coming back) Not much. (and) Just trouble.
42) 2) dialog: 
42) 3) dialog: Yeah... something like that. What about you? 75.
42) 5) dialog: You a cook?
42) 7) dialog: Greeeeaaaaaaaaat day, Kevin Jones: Chef Boyardee.
42) 9) dialog: You better or your ass won’t be cooking long, feel me? The two of them laughing there, the familiarity clear, asserting itself.
42) 11) dialog: Yeah....
42) 13) dialog: What'd he play? A long pause from Kevin, the song wedging itself in his thoughts right now, pushing everything aside. 79 76.
42) 14) dialog: That good, huh?
42) 16) dialog: This your number?
42) 18) dialog: True. What’s the name of the place?
43) 0) text: A muted, wide base to the light, waves rushing onto shore under the watch of a full moon. There are children at play, a dozen at various ages, all black, 7 to 15 years old. None of them in proper trunks, most in homemade cut-off shorts and Fruit of the Loom white tank-tops. All laughin the waves rush at their feet, a few feigning fear at the ocean as others -- the boys mostly -- drag them into the surf. We watch the children at play a moment longer. We've seen none of these kids before, we'll see none of them again. A final beat of this, then... EXT. JIMMY’S EASTSIDE DINER, PARKING LOT - NIGHT 89 A door closed -- Black’s car parked deep in the corner of this parking lot, in the farthest back corner away from street light, obscured by low-hanging shade trees. The diner is away from us, across the parking lot. Black takes it in a moment, pulls on a fresh shirt. 90 80. He’s moving, crossing the parking lot at an easy clip. It quiet out, a few passing cars to Black’s left running nor on Biscayne Boulevard, no foot traffic -- can hear the SO of his footfalls on the pavement. As he nears the threshold of this diner, takes the handle the entry... CLOSE ON: an old school bell, the sound of it jingling as door it’s affixed to parts.
44) 0) text: And right away, the sound of music, something old, soft, lilting (think Aretha Franklin’s One Step Ahead). Black scanning this room, his view of the place a clue fo us: this is definitely the same diner we saw Kevin workin during the earlier phone call. All the details are there, the old-school register, vinta chairs and table-tops. And in the corner, that old school jukebox blessing us with Aretha.
44) 1) dialog: .++.on the move now, crosses the diner with eyes down and ahead of him. There’s a counter lined with stools, direct opposite the staging station and adjacent the register. Black eases up to the counter, places his cell atop it an takes a seat. No one stirs at Black’s movement, no one watches. Looking about the place again, we notice the other patrons: a qua of college girls in a corner booth shoring up for a night the town, an elderly gentleman sitting to himself, starin into a cup of mild coffee. As Black watches the elderly gentleman...
44) 8) dialog: ‘Sup, Kev’.
44) 12) dialog: Said you was gon’ cook for me, I know how to say that. Kevin rounding that counter again, Black clocking him as goes, winds up opposite him, takes up that notepad again.
46) 0) text: Black on his stool at the counter, watching through the staging station as Kevin works over that flame. Behind him, the group of girls moving toward the exit, be jingling as they step onto Biscayne. Black's gaze lingering on them a moment, tracking them as they push farther and farther into the night. Coming back his gaze settles on the table across the diner: the old m that cup of coffee. Black rising now, digs down into his pockets, pulls the b of cash and change there. Begins across this space, over the jukebox. Gets to flipping through the flaps, four to a side, scann left and right. A bit more flipping until... bingo. A string of quarters, a few buttons pushed then... ..+.the click and clack of the machine, a disc racked and to speed, so quiet in here without that jukebox, then... SOUND of a disc racked, the jukebox doing its work as...
46) 3) dialog: So you Cuban now?
46) 6) dialog: I don’t drink. A huff from Kevin -- more playful than skeptical -- leave the booth, heads back over to the counter. Black watches Kevin roots around for something, comes back over with a run bottle of red wine, something simple. Sets a water glass down before each of them, settles in across from Black, pours.
47) 0) text: Later by the look of Black’s plate, completely empty. Black takes up his water glass of wine, a second bottle o there beside the first -- they’ve been thirsty. Kevin appears, settles in again.
47) 2) dialog: (nodding) Yeah, I remember her. Kevin reaching into his wallet, takes out a photo, places on the counter:
47) 5) dialog: Y’all still down?
47) 8) dialog: What about me? 86.
47) 11) dialog: Alright, straight up? I’m trappin’.
47) 13) dialog: When they sent me up to Atlanta, put me straight into Juvie for beatin’ old boy. Met this cat in there, when I come out, put me on the block. Did good at it. Rose up. Black shrugging his shoulders, no explanation, no excuses Beat.
47) 14) dialog: It is what it is.
47) 16) dialog: Nigga you don’t know me.
47) 18) dialog: I'ma get my shit straight. Kevin shooting Black a look: 87.
47) 21) dialog: Why’d you call me?
47) 23) dialog: Why did you call me? Beat. 88.
47) 25) dialog: Yeah...
47) 28) dialog: ..-watching, looking on as Kevin hovers his finger over t pages, tracing a line along the glass there, mouthing something to himself until finally... ..-Kevin’s got it: the click of the jukebox, articulating shifting, a disc whirring to life and... Church, juke-joint, cabana: the place where the three mee and meld as the opening organ of Barbara Lewis’ Hello Stranger fills the air. Hello, stranger It seems so good to see you back again How long has it been? It seems like a mighty long time
48) 0) text: Black standing with his hands in his pockets as Kevin wor at the door behind him, closing down the diner. Down the sidewalk from them, the older gentleman moves aw labored step after labored step. Finished, Kevin turns to Black, the two falling into step without a word, moving across the parking -- Black leadin Kevin just behind. 95 90. Occasionally one looking to the other as they go, much sa in these eyes and looks, but... just the sound of movemen heavy key ring dangled at Kevin’s side, the whir of Vespa roaming up Biscayne. Kevin a few steps behind as Black nears the driver’s side door. Like anyone seeing this gaudy thing for the first t Kevin is taken aback.
48) 4) dialog: How you get to work?
48) 6) dialog: Can't picture bein’ in Miami with no car, man.
48) 8) dialog: I bet.
48) 10) dialog: You on one.
48) 14) dialog: Can’t have you on no Jitney. More road, more lights, more of the silence mapping out t space between them.
48) 17) dialog: Yeah.
48) 19) dialog: Yeah. A beat as they hold eyes.
49) 0) text: A public parking lot, open-air, twenty-four hours. Black Kevin exiting the car, Kevin careful not to slam the door immaculate this car.
50) 0) text: Black standing in the living room as Kevin moves away, disappears into another area of the apartment. Alone, Black takes the place in: simple, modest, sparsely furnished with things that seem to have been found on sidewalks. On a table there, a single image of a small boy, a photo looks very much like the Young Kevin from earlier. The sound of a toilet flushing, Kevin reappearing now, hi work clothes shed, jeans and a T-shirt as he moves throug the space.
50) 2) dialog: Yeah. Some water. Kevin over at the sink now, a straight sight-line to it f the living room here. Black watching as Kevin pours a gla from the tap, adds ice cubes from a plastic tray in the freezer.
50) 3) text: Kevin gesturing to a simple folding table near Black, mov over to it and sets down two glasses of water, Black sitt opposite him. Kevin watching as Black drinks his water, something not q exaggerated but extended in the act, Kevin’s eyes searchi the nape of Black’s neck. He smiles.
50) 5) dialog: Who, me?
50) 7) dialog: I’m me, man, ain’t tryna be nothin’ else.
50) 9) dialog: I ain’t say that.
50) 12) dialog: Well what did you expect? Kevin thinking about that one, has to ask himself: what he expect? did
50) 13) text: You remember the last time I saw you? 95. At first, just a nod from Black, a plaintive gesture from body but in those eyes, so much more.
50) 14) dialog: For a long time, tried not to remember. Kevin nodding.
50) 15) dialog: Tried to forget all those times. The good... ...the bad. All of it.
50) 17) dialog: When we got to Atlanta... I started over. Built myself from the ground up. Built myself hard. Beat.
50) 18) dialog: What about you?
50) 20) dialog: And now?
50) 22) dialog: Damn... that’s real shit. 98 96.
50) 24) dialog: You’re the only man who’s ever touched me. The air going out of Kevin’s chest, his gaze fixated on Black's lips, anticipating the words falling from there:
50) 25) dialog: The only one. Black’s hand is flat atop the table between them. His eye lower to it:
50) 26) dialog: I haven’t really touched anyone, since.
51) 0) text: Black sitting at the foot of the bed, fully clothed, hand clasped between his knees, leaned over slightly. Kevin standing before him, frozen. They hold each other’s eyes an interminable beat. 99 97. Black stands shakily. Kevin watches him as he closes the space between them, drawing right up to him. Kevin takes hand and lays it flat against Black’s chest. A puzzled look coming over Kevin's face.
51) 2) dialog: Yeah.
51) 5) dialog: I’m shakin’.
51) 7) dialog: I’m still shakin’.
52) 0) text: Those waves heard crashing moments earlier on full displa rushing ashore at a frothy run. Dark out, extremely dark save for the lights of beach bar ways down the ocean front. The undulating rhythms of the Atlantic catch the moon, glint it all over. 98. As we observe this movement of water and dance of light, shoulders appear, bare, gaunt: LITTLE from our opening episode. Calmly, methodically, Little moves across the sand, approaching the water. A beat more of Little easing up to surf, then... .--he looks back: his dark skin moistened in the ocean sp moon catching him same as its catching the surface of the Atlantic. And those eyes: looking right at us, staring plaintively, plainly, nothing requested, no expectation: just a clear, undisturbed openness. Hold this gaze, then... ...-Little turning from us, his form and movement slowly, steadily melding into the flow of light and waves as we h out into the ocean and we... FADE TO BLACK.