23) 0) text: CHIRON (16) continues his staring. From just the look of this is clearly the Little character from moments before to his teens. MR. PIERCE (the biology teacher, late 20’s, black) clears throat.
23) 6) dialog: Don’t call me...
24) 0) text: The bell’s just rung, students funneling through a cavern hallway, approaching a set of double doors spilling onto school driveway. In the middle of it all find Chiron, engulfed in this sea chaos and, honestly, relieved to be so. As Chiron scans the mass of students approaching those do beside him... .»+.a considerable bump at his shoulder, Chiron looking u find Terrell knocking past him. Terrell, Pizzo and a crew roughnecks laugh and ad-lib shit-talk as they continue pa move through the crowd.
25) 0) text: Upstairs now, the second story of this building. An open air stairwell cornered on two sides by corrugated fencing, Chiron gets on his toes, looks down into the courtyard below -- Terrell is down there, rough-housing and talking shit wit group of knuckleheads. Chiron speaking to himself... 35.
25) 1) dialog: (sotto voce) Come on Chiron. .+-when he’s hears voices echoing behind. Chiron looks, sees an admin looking type moving away down hall as a smooth as hell looking teen approaches. As the gets closer, his identity becomes clearer: it’s KEVIN.
25) 3) dialog: Huh?
25) 5) dialog: What you still doing here?
25) 7) dialog: What?
25) 9) dialog: With who?
25) 11) dialog: Oh sorry, my bad.
25) 15) dialog: Alright Kevin.
25) 17) dialog: 
26) 0) text: Chiron approaching an apartment complex (different than Little’s home in the previous story) in the twelfth stage neglect, all chipped paint and autos up on cinderblocks o front. Books and backpack in tow, he climbs a flight of stairs t the second story and approaches an apartment down on the end. As he unlocks the door... +-a rush of energy greets him from within.
26) 2) dialog: Hey Ma....
26) 7) dialog: Nothing, I’m good.
26) 9) dialog: Don’t call me that.
26) 11) dialog: I didn’t say that.
26) 16) dialog: Yeah. (and) I feel you. Teresa rises. She’s not a tall woman, so...
26) 18) dialog: Thank you for this. Hadn't noticed Teresa there in the doorway, looking on as Chiron goes about this work.
26) 20) dialog: Yeah. I know. Thank you Teresa, I mean it. Teresa moving from that doorway now, approaching Chiron a that bed.
26) 22) dialog: What?
26) 30) dialog: ..+-moving through this home in the same direction, his b to us -- leading us. As he walks through this space, another sound encroaches the SOUND of rain, with every step becoming clearer: the SOUND of a girl moaning, softly whispering inaudible word that coo and plea. 44 45 41. Chiron slows but continues, walks deeper into the home. H approaching the kitchen. The SOUND intensifies as he find
27) 0) text: Chiron waking from sleep -- in the same position as he’d sleeping previously -- face someplace between dreariness confusion, searching for thoughts. Looks out the window there. There’s a small clock beside bed; checks it.
28) 0) text: Following Chiron down the street as he moves along in yesterday’s clothes. He walks quickly. As he reaches the corner.
28) 3) dialog: What? Why?
28) 7) dialog: She fine.
28) 9) dialog: I thought you said.... 47 43. INT. PAULA'S LIBERTY SQUARE APT —- DAY - CONTINUOUS 47 Paula walking the apartment determinedly, looking behind closed doors and even opening a closet or two. Easing now, she settles in the middle of the space, hands rested at the top of her head. After a beat of thinking, coming to... ...-she turns to Chiron, still there watching from the threshold of the apartment. Paula smiles. Chiron approaches her:
28) 10) dialog: Mama what you into?
28) 12) dialog: For what?
28) 14) dialog: I don’t have no--
28) 16) dialog: Where I’m supposed to get money from?
30) 0) text: Moving with Chiron as he makes his way down this street, alone against all this concrete, almost Western-like with heavy backpack and sagging shoulders. As Chiron continues, notice...
30) 4) dialog: (over his shoulder) Home.
30) 6) dialog: I told you, man, home.
30) 15) dialog: Fuck you.
30) 17) dialog: Whatever, man.
31) 0) text: From very high up, as though viewed from the roof of a co And establishing that a Metrobus is pulling away from her having delivered Chiron to...
32) 0) text: Chiron moving down a dimly lit side-street, Collins reced behind him, the beach growing louder ahead of him. We follow him, moving along behind him as the sound aroun him shifts, from the noise and chatter of care-free exhibitionism out on Collins... to the whispered loop of ocean ahead. As he nears the promenade separating the beach from Colli Ave and it’s endless resorts... ..-he stops, takes a moment to look back. At what, we’re sure but, after a beat, he continues on, moves away from and down into the darkness of the beach.
33) 0) text: Chiron sitting on the shore watching the moon and the sta over the ocean. The sky is clear and yet it’s wild out, t wind whipping the reeds, ocean running waves upon the sho with verve. Tonight, the sea seems immense, moon glowing blue, leavin the ocean a deep black that renders it boundless, entropi Chiron lost in it all, releasing his troubles in the pres of this nature when...
33) 3) dialog: Huh.
33) 6) dialog: What you doing out here?
33) 9) dialog: Something like that... Kevin taking a seat on the sand beside him now, still smi that incredible smile.
33) 11) dialog: Why you keep calling me that? A puzzled look from Kevin at first, then pulls a blunt fr his pocket.
34) 0) text: Chiron and Kevin laughing their asses off, both high as h a joke or memory lost in the cut. Whatever it was, extremely funny, so funny that as the tw stop laughing those gleeful smiles remain, the two of the looking alternately from each other to the ocean and back allowing themselves this bit of shared pleasure.
34) 2) dialog: Yeah it do.
34) 4) dialog: And its like all you can hear is your own heartbeat, right?
34) 6) dialog: So good.... A long beat as that thought lingers between them. The ocean.
34) 8) dialog: You cry?
34) 11) dialog: I cry so much sometimes I think one day I’m gone just turn into drops.
34) 13) dialog: Why you say that?
34) 15) dialog: I wanna do a lotta things that don’t make sense.
34) 18) dialog: Damn you nosy.
34) 20) dialog: Whatever man.
34) 24) dialog: I'm... I’m sorry. Kevin looking at him with the kindest, most open face:
34) 27) dialog: Whose car this is?
34) 29) dialog: How you got a car?
34) 33) dialog: Yeah.
34) 35) dialog: Nothing. Chiron puts his head down. Kevin brings his fist to Chiro chin. He pushes slightly so that Chiron raises his head.
34) 39) dialog: Thanks for the ride.
34) 42) dialog: Yeah... see you around. Chiron turning from that Chevy, heading toward the near stairwell. We follow him, Chiron continuing on without looking back, the sound of Kevin pulling away down the bl Chiron moving up the exterior steps of this Motel 6 like complex, walking along the banister of the second story dragging his hand along the railing. Reaches his door, gets his key in, holds the doorknob a moment, then, deep breath and... .»-he opens it. Just a flash of an image: Paula crossing living room left to right, hand pressed firmly, aggressiv to her own skull, talking to herself. Chiron unfazed, steps inside and closes the door behind h Hold on this closed door, the sound of Paula yelling inaudibly behind it, then...
35) 0) text: Chiron staring up at the clock as people push past him hurrying for the lunchtime lineup. Typical high school cafeteria landscape, cool kids wedged into tables to themselves, jocks wedged into tables by themselves, band kids not eating at all, just air-playing their sets, particularly the drum-line, forever table- tapping. And, of course, almost everybody is black. 56. Chiron moves through this mayhem, scanning the room for something, anything inviting. As he passes a group of gir he spots Kevin sitting by himself. Chiron’s eyes light up but he checks himself, doesn’t wan appear too obvious. He begins to take the longest route t get to where Kevin is but, before he can get halfway thro his journey... Terrell sits in front of Kevin. Chiron stops, diverts his attention before either can not him, heads instead for the lunch-line (his hands have bee empty). OVER IN THE CORNER...
36) 20) dialog: You don’t even know.
36) 22) dialog: I ain’t no boy.
36) 24) dialog: (low, breaking) You don't even know. Williams taking him in again now, looking further, lookin better, sees things in Chiron he’d not seen before; sees
37) 0) text: Chiron passing the Old Security Guard, entering the build We continue with him, up a flight of steps, into the cavernous tunnel of the school entrance. All eyes looking in at Chiron, in at us. And the SOUND, so many shifting ticks and voices, whisper accompanying those looks, adolescent energy unhinging its Chiron entering a stairwell, rising, pushing past other k towards the second story of this building. Reaches it, steps onto the landing and slips into one of interior passageways, the sound of those voices and whisp amplified, echoed and refracted off the metal lockers and industrial design. But Chiron’s face? Unchanged, still that blankness, that pensiveness. With him all the way as we lead/follow him around a turn, toward a door and into...
38) 0) text: Chiron entering, moving directly to his seat, a wooden ch there. Sets his bookbag atop his desk, takes the chair, slides i from the desk and... ..-brings it down atop Terrell’s head.