1) 0) text: A bright Miami day. Or what we can see of it: our gaze fi looking into the front windshield of a wide, vintage car (think 60s, American). At the wheel find JUAN (30's, some sort of Afro-Latino th about him) pulling towards us and coming to a stop. Behin him, a shady, rundown apartment building abuts the road, three boys standing outside it. Juan cuts his engine, exits the car and begins across the street. The boys tense up as Juan approaches, make room a continues all the way over to the brick wall behind them.
1) 1) dialog: Business good? One of the boys, TERRENCE (18, dreadlocks and rail thin), bows his chest to speak.
1) 3) dialog: Hold on to that, register don't empty til' the weekend, feel me? Terrence nodding, the other boys' heads bowed slightly, a hierarchy here. As Terrence removes a chocolate Yoohoo fr his back pocket... «+.-a zombie approaches. Or rather, a customer, tall, lanky, haggard looking man approaching across the road.
1) 5) dialog: Azu you okay, man? AZU (30s, broken) staggers a bit, face unsure:
1) 7) dialog: What you need?
1) 9) dialog: Azu don’t bring that noise. I got sells, not samples. Azu reluctantly extends some bills to Juan. Juan paying t money no mind, looks straight ahead as Terrence leans in, takes the money. Beat.
5) 0) text: Little stands in the kitchen of this place, holding the aforementioned glass pipe, staring at it closely. He sets it down, starts opening cabinets and drawers, jus kid exploring, when... BAM BAM BAM! -- thudding from the living room. Rather tha the door, a pounding on the front windows, on the boarded wood nailed shut where glass would be. Little huddles in on himself, looks on terrified as... .+.a light, a hand as the edge of the plywood gives, a fu size of it giving way to reveal a tall figure, calm. Adjusting for the light, we see him fully: it’s Juan. Juan reaching a leg over the threshold, stands just insid without encroaching on Little’s space. A beat as the two take each other in, then:
5) 1) dialog: What you doin' in here, 1il’ man? Little says nothing, just watches him.
5) 2) dialog: You don’t talk to strangers, huh? Juan takes a step forward... and Little takes a step back
5) 3) dialog: (raising his hands) Alright. It’s cool. We cool. Juan runs a hand across his scalp, thinking -- What the h does he do?
5) 4) text: Well listen: I’m’a go get something to eat. You welcome to join me, I mean.... Juan begins across this small space, gets a hand on the deadbolt:
5) 5) dialog: Mind if I take the front door? Juan opens the door, steps onto the porch, turns back. Hi stance open, one hand on the door, the other open, extend toward Little.
5) 6) dialog: Come on, now. Can’t be much worse out here. Off Little... CUT TO BLACK. And over BLACK, the TITLE CARD:
6) 0) text: Juan and Little at a booth, plates of food sitting betwee them.
6) 1) dialog: So... Little just eating, not a single other care in the world this meal.
6) 2) dialog: You not gon' tell me what yo' name is? Nothing. Little finishing a drumstick, dips a biscuit int the gravy there. He's hungry.
6) 3) dialog: What about where you live? Gotta get you home, man. Can't just have you runnin' round these dope holes.
6) 4) text: Juan reaching across the table now, slowly pulls Little's tray over to his side. Little just looking down at the em table before him.
6) 5) dialog: My bad, 1il' man. I wouldn't do you like that. I apologize, alright? Juan sliding the food back to Little with his left hand, his right reaches across to touch the boy's shoulder:
6) 6) dialog: I apologize, alright? Little looking up now, holds Juan's gaze a moment. Nods h head in assent. Off Juan...
6) 10) dialog: (teasing) What? You don’t know nothing ‘bout that chopped and screwed? Little shrinking into his seat, shy. Juan just shakes his head, megawatt smile as they push on.
7) 0) text: A plot of land, a modest bungalow set way back from the r the longest grass driveway. Juan shutting the driver's side door of that Cadillac, beginning up the lawn toward the front door of this place calls out:
7) 1) dialog: Teresa! Juan continuing up the walk as a woman, (TERESA, 20s, motherly) appears at the front door, steps onto the porch Juan gestures back to...
8) 0) text: Juan, Teresa, Little gathered at a modest dining table, t two grown-ups watching the child going to work on what appears a delicious plate of home-cooking. Something odd about this dining room: the walls are two colors, in the midst of being painted. A few paint tins a rollers line the floor, a work in progress.
8) 1) dialog: You don't talk much but you damn sure can eat. Teresa smiling.
8) 17) dialog: Nobody. (and) Found him yesterday. Found him in that hole over on 15th. And at Paula's face dropping with recognition: 14 10.
8) 18) dialog: Yeah. That one. Paula lowering to her knees, eye-level with Little again, inspecting him:
8) 19) dialog: Wouldn't tell me where he stayed until this morning. Some boys chased him into the cut. Seemed scared more than anything. Little embraces Paula, buries his face in her chest. Paul holding on but looking past him, she and Juan holding eye Paula rises, Little slipping behind her.
12) 0) text: Juan and Little standing ashore, both of them pulling off their shoes, their shirts. This being Miami, both already dressed in shorts, this heat. Juan moving away, heading toward the surf. Little followi hurrying to catch up, literally taking hold of Juan's shi as they move...
12) 2) dialog: Hey hey hey, I got you lil' man, I got you, calmate, calmate. It's movie magic but they're a good ways out now, thirty, forty yards from shore. The water's not so deep out here, Juan standing. Little i far out beyond his height however, Juan supporting him, holding him out at arms length.
12) 3) dialog: You alright? A nod from Little as he wipes saltwater from his eyes. 17.
12) 4) dialog: Good, good. Now... you gotta help yourself now, gotta move your legs, keep yourself up. Juan watching as Little flails his legs beneath the surfa Juan laughs.
12) 5) dialog: Nah, not like a chicken, you gotta move ‘em side to side like, like you making waves with your feet. Juan going into a tread, very smooth, like someone raised the water, born at its edge. Little taking it to heart, does a passable job of treadin
12) 6) dialog: Not bad, not bad. (and) Bet you ain't know you could float, huh? Juan taking a hand and placing it under Little's legs, ge gesturing him onto his back:
12) 7) dialog: Trust me, I got you. Little laid flat atop the surface now, bobbing with the waves.
12) 8) dialog: Now just relax, alright, relax. Little complying -- Little floating, the look on his face pure joy. For once, a kid.
12) 9) dialog: See? Juan slowly, gently, easing his grasp, letting Little go:
12) 10) dialog: Relax now, stay relaxed. See? Juan circling as Little continues to bob with the surface swimming around Little for this last part, is circling hi
12) 11) dialog: You ready to learn how to swim? 20 18.
12) 13) dialog: Alright, you saw me swimming, right? Nod from Little.
12) 14) dialog: Okay, do like I did, don't put your head under water. And your arms, try and do 'em like I did mine. Little mimicking Juan's swimming as Juan holds him aloft, Juan holding him fully in place for this practice.
12) 15) dialog: Smoother, more easy'like. Little settling noticeably, gradually. It's a stretch but looks passable, like maybe he could. Juan turning him back upright, Little going back to his awkward treading.
12) 16) dialog: Alright 1il' man. I think you ready. Little considering that, bobbing in the ocean as he tread His eyes on the water stretching out before him, endless. Even in this dying light, stretching on forever. Meets Juan's gaze now. Finds compassion, hope there. Off Juan...
13) 0) text: Little and Juan sitting ashore, a towel wrapped around th boy as they watch the moon come up. The moon making its first appearance on the horizon -- SO of the waves running back and forth, to and from shore.
13) 2) dialog: Yeah 1il' man, ask me whatever. 19. Little nodding, taking his time, oddly nervous about this
13) 4) dialog: How you mean?
13) 6) dialog: (through his laugh) Little, you a funny lil' dude, you know that?! Juan slapping his knee here, really enjoying this moment.
13) 7) dialog: (coming down) Let me tell you somethin': it's black people everywhere, you remember that, okay? Ain't no place in the world ain't what got no black people, we was the first ones on this planet. Little embarrassed, poking at the sand before him. Juan places a hand to his shoulder:
13) 8) dialog: I'm from Cuba. Lotta black folks in Cuba but you wouldn't know it from being here. Was a wild lil' shorty just like you, used to run around with no shoes on when the moon was out. Juan's thoughts drifting, taking him away from here for a beat. To those waves possibly, arriving on this shore fro that other shore he's describing not so far away.
13) 9) dialog: This one time... I ran by this old, old lady, was just a runnin' anda hollerin' and cuttin' a fool, boy. And this old lady, she stop me and she say to me, ‘Look at you. 21 20.
13) 10) dialog: I was a lil’ bad ass too, you know.' She say, ‘Look at you’ and I say ‘Look at you!’ Then she smiled and she say, ‘running around catching up all this light. In moonlight’ she say, ‘black boys look blue. You blue,’ she say. ‘That’s what I’m gone call you: Blue.’ off Little.
14) 0) text: Little and Juan approach the apartment complex.
14) 1) dialog: So how you like swimmin’? Nothing from Little. Heard him but the words too heavy to present themselves.
14) 2) dialog: That good, huh? Juan grabs Little’s head and playfully shakes it. The boy smiles, bashful, happy. They reach Paula's apartment, Little knocking and calling out:
14) 5) dialog: 
21) 0) text: Terrence completing a transaction, stuffing money into hi pockets and nodding in the direction of one of his runner Standing opposite him, a face we've seen briefly but will recognize: Paula’s longshoreman. As the longshoreman moves off, approaches the runner appearing from behind the complex, Juan approaches, that smooth easy gait of his. It’s a brief moment, but... Juan and the longshoreman mee eyes as they pass one another, nothing of import, but... moment.
21) 1) dialog: .+-approaching Terrence with a nod, all that needs to be spoken as Terrence nods back, whistles at one of the othe boys, sends him running off into the cut.
21) 3) dialog: They basin’? Nothing from Terrence, just watching the same as Juan.
21) 4) dialog: You lettin’ niggas light up at the spot, now? (moving now) You know the rules, no lightin’ up at the spot. Juan getting to the sidewalk now, moving toward the longshoreman’s car a block or so up ahead. Gets there, finds the windows rolled up, a flash of flame emanating from inside. Knocks on the window. Longshoreman rolls it down with a drugged out smile, shrugging his shoulders in apology. Juan not amused by th display and, catching a glimpse of the woman in the passe seat, clicks into something much more menacing: it’s Paul
21) 5) dialog: What the fuck? Juan rounding the car, wastes no time getting to the passenger side door, pulls it ajar:
21) 6) dialog: Get out.
21) 8) dialog: Get the fuck out. Juan helping her out, takes her by the arm and pulls her her feet, out here in the road with Juan under street lig Terrence and the others hurrying over at the commotion, J looking to the longshoreman (he’s lighting a cigarette, couldn’t care less), waves the boys off. Beat. A very long beat, Juan and Paula both in shock, standing in the road with no clue what comes next. The longshoreman steps from the car, cigarette to his lips, s on the hood and leans his back to the windshield, puffs i the night. Paula clinching in on herself, closes her eyes, almost childlike to make it go away. 27. And then, suddenly... coming alive, moving toward Juan, e step something clicking, something changing. Gets right up in his face.
21) 11) dialog: Bitch. Juan grabbing Paula, pushing her back against the car, hi hand at her throat driving her back as he subdues her. Drives her against the hood, releases her forcefully. Pau eyes alight with rage, chest rising as she watches Juan staring at her from across the road.
21) 16) dialog: (snapping) You gon' raise him?
21) 20) dialog: Watch your damn mouth. Paula real close now, extremely close, her nose at his ch looking up into his eyes:
22) 0) text: Perhaps a bit later than “dawn” but it’s early. Juan movi about in a long-johns top and sweats, rubbing sleep from eyes. The moment would seem pure and sweet were it not for the revolver, the tightly rolled wad of bills strewn across t table. Teresa is at the table with a notepad and pen. Teresa is counting. Juan moves to the table but doesn’t sit. Teresa takes up cup of coffee, gives him a look, goes back to her ledger. A beat of them in silence this way, Teresa counting, Juan thinking, then... Juan crosses to the near wall, looks down to a roller the a semi-dried pan of paint. He takes up the roller, adds a streak of white paint. Looks off a moment, thoughts gathered. Adds another strea white, then... .«.--a POUNDING at the door, a startle to them both and, POUNDING resumes, alarming. Juan sliding the wad of money toward Teresa, takes up his pistol and heads for...
22) 2) dialog: Who ‘dat? A beat, then...
22) 4) dialog: (freaked out) Lil’ Man. Nothing from Little, holds his ground there on the porch, but... something in his eyes. Something smoldering. INT. JUAN’S HOME, DINING ROOM - DAY - LATER 33 Juan and Little sitting at the table. Again silence from kid, everything cloistered up inside him.
22) 5) dialog: Alright, first things first, can't sit at the table like that. Juan rising, takes Little's chair and slides it around th table a bit, stops the boy with a playful jolt:
22) 6) dialog: Don't ever sit with your back to the door, can't see who creepin' up on you. Little still not amused, a completely straight face:
22) 7) dialog: I saw your mama last night. That gets Little's attention.
22) 9) dialog: I bet you do. (and) Hated mine too. Little looking to Juan now, finally a break:
22) 10) dialog: Miss her like hell now. All I'm gon' say about that. Teresa stepping in, sets down some kind of juice before t a glass for Juan, a glass for Little. Juan about to take sip of his when...
22) 12) dialog: A faggot is... a word used to make gay people feel bad. Little nodding, processing that.
22) 14) dialog: No. You're not a faggot. (and) You can be gay, but... you don't have to let nobody call you a faggot. (and after a beat) Not unless... Juan looking to Teresa; Teresa motioning him to quit whil he's ahead. He takes another sip of that juice.
22) 16) dialog: You... you just do. (and) I think. Little with both hands around his juice, all his senses focused there as his mind goes somewhere altogether different, clearly thinking deeply, forthrightly about th Juan reaching his cup back to Teresa:
22) 17) dialog: (sotto) Gin. (and to Little) You don't have to know right now, you feel me? (and) Not yet. 32. Little nodding, from his demeanor comforted by this. In t state, so wounded and curious, invites the empathy. Little's eyes shifting gears. For a considerable beat, is completely to himself, mulling something over. Lifts his eyes. From the mouths of babes: