10) 4) dialog: Why'd you leave?
10) 6) dialog: Yeah, it get borin' after a while, I guess. The boys continue on, Little looking to his new friend ev now and then, checking him.
10) 7) dialog: (at Little's looks) What? Kevin reaches for his own face now, hand to his chin:
10) 8) dialog: Is it bleedin'? Kevin turns his head just so, invites Little to inspect. Little reaches over, touches Kevin gently at the neck, ju below his ear. Little brings his hand back to himself without a word, ju this walking, arms swinging, the sound of their feet alon the pavement. Small glances from one to the other. Kevin smiles:
10) 10) dialog: You funny, man.
10) 12) dialog: You just is, that's all. Again this walking, lack of words, just their arms swingi movement. Up ahead, the school they've been walking beside all this time gives way to a field. They're headed right for it. Kevin taps Little, gestures.
11) 0) text: Kevin and Little standing before one another in this clearing, face to face, like ancient samurai before a contest.
11) 1) dialog: See, you just gotta show them niggas you ain't soft.
11) 3) dialog: I know man, I know. But... (pauses for effect) .-»-don't mean nothin' if they don't know. No response from Little, maybe he gets it, maybe he doesn No matter....
11) 4) dialog: Come on.... Kevin grabs him, places one arm across Little’s shoulder, other around his waist, rests his head in Little’s chest.
11) 5) dialog: ...let's wrestle. Little limply obliging, visually, physically passive.
11) 6) dialog: Come on man, you want these niggas to pick on you every day? That gets to Little, the boy locking on, muscles tensing: they're wrestling. 18 15. This is anthropology, anatomical vignettes, the struggle these two boys isolated to the simple, incomplete movemen of partially glimpsed bodies. These are children. Sexuality is absent these images and the hints of something sensual, fleeting in its appearanc Kevin's cheek wedged close to Little's neck, blades of gr sticking to their skin. The boys on the ground, turning and rolling and laughing, huffing through exhausted breaths. Slowly, their voices g mute, the only sound the movement of their bodies against each other, against the grass. Physical exhaustion. The boys lie flat. Beat. Both Little and Kevin on their backs, looking skyward, ch heaving from the exertion. Kevin pops tall to his feet, fixing his mottled shirt.
11) 7) dialog: See Chiron, I knew you wasn't soft. Kevin looking back at Little, looking down at him lying there, Little fully returning his gaze, these fourteen pa the first time he's looked at anyone thus. EXT. JUAN’S HOME - DAY 18 A picnic style table on Juan’s front porch, two deck chai haphazardly beside it. Little is sitting atop the picnic table, small bookbag to to the side, shirt distressed and grass-stained from wrestling. A pencil in hand, he’s doing homework. A beat with Little, diligently at his work, time tables o some such thing, then... ...the SOUND of tires easing to a stop, Little’s eyes ris gazing out after the noise. Sets his pencil down as the noise ceases -- break pads squeaking, the sound of a car door opening. Little lowering his eyes as footsteps approach. After a b of those steps nearing... REVERSE ANGLE: Juan standing here, keys turning over in h hand, head cocked to the side, a puzzled look. 19 16. Little slowly, but... assuredly raising his eyes to meet Juan’s. Beat. Juan looking from Little to the road and back. The look o his face: How'd he???
17) 0) text: Little taking two steps in, stops immediately. REVERSE ANGLE: A circle of boys ...seven in a semi-circle, their backs to us, older looki for an elementary, all of them looking down and in on one another. All eyes go to Little, a hurried, hushed business. One of boys breaks away from the circle, hustles over. As he nea his identity becomes clear: this is Kevin from our earlie “wrestle.”
17) 1) dialog: Somebody with you? A nod “no” from Little, Kevin moving past him, over to th portable door and “locks” it. Grabs Little’s shoulder str pulls him over to the circle.
17) 2) dialog: I swear it was locked. ...wedges Little...
17) 10) dialog: He just came in. Kevin is over at the door again, playing lookout.
17) 14) dialog: .--looking back over his shoulder, back at the circle. From his vantage, the backs of all those heads cast down focused on Little. Off Kevin's gaze, CUT TO... 26 27 28 24.
25) 2) dialog: Chiron, what you doing man?
25) 4) dialog: You just standing there straight spaced. School been out, nigga, you ain't goin’ home?
25) 6) dialog: (sucking his teeth) Detention. Aimes caught me with this trick in the stairway.
25) 8) dialog: Yup.
25) 10) dialog: Damn you nosy, Chiron.
25) 12) dialog: (Smiling) All I wanted was some quick head you know, but this chick all like ‘Hit that shit Kevin. Hit it with that big dick- Why she had to compliment a nigga? So I was like aight... we can do this. I started banging her back out... 37 36.
25) 13) dialog: she started making all this fucking noise though. Mr. Aimes walked in and went all Five-O, almost had my ass suspended, but I told him we was childhood sweethearts and all that, talked it all out. So I just got detention. (and) Eh, but that shit stay between us, yeah? I know you can keep a secret. A slow nod from Chiron.
25) 14) dialog: But real talk, I gotta go before this fool change his mind.
25) 16) dialog: Later, Black. Off Chiron... CUT TO BLACK. And over BLACK, the TITLE CARD:
26) 31) dialog: ..-pressed hard against the back of a girl, SAMANTHA -- o than both boys, sexy like a music video model. Samantha leaned over the kitchen counter, skirt hiked up, back arched just so and pressing Kevin close from behind. Kevin slamming into her again and again, these two fuckin a borderline ridiculous fashion. Chiron still approaching, just inches away, can see Samantha's eyes, unspeakable bliss. Kevin notices him finally, looks to him panting that kill smile of his:
26) 32) dialog: You good, Black? Chiron returning a blank stare. Above them, the rain pours like the Victorian Falls as--
33) 4) dialog: Nice to see you too. Kevin smiles.
33) 5) dialog: What the hell you doing out here?
33) 7) dialog: You in my smoke out habitat, nigga. A beat as something dawns on Kevin:
33) 8) dialog: Oh shit, you come out here to smoke too, Chiron?
33) 10) dialog: Man you know you don’t smoke. Why you pretendin’? You puttin’ ona show for me, Black?
33) 12) dialog: Black? That’s my nickname for you. You don’t like it? 53 50. A shrug from Chiron as a huge wave hits the shore, demand their attention as it runs toward them, stops short a few feet. Keeps their attention a moment: sound of the Ocean, sound the wind running through the reeds, the night... Kevin sparks flame to that blunt:
33) 13) dialog: You like the water? Chiron says nothing.
33) 14) dialog: Well let me introduce you to some fiyah. Extends the blunt to Chiron:
33) 15) dialog: Come on now. Ain’t gon’ bite ya’. As Chiron takes the blunt, drags on it with Kevin watchin
34) 0) text: Chiron and Kevin laughing their asses off, both high as h a joke or memory lost in the cut. Whatever it was, extremely funny, so funny that as the tw stop laughing those gleeful smiles remain, the two of the looking alternately from each other to the ocean and back allowing themselves this bit of shared pleasure.
34) 1) dialog: That breeze feel good as hell man.
34) 3) dialog: Sometimes round the way, where we live, you can catch this same breeze. It come through the hood and it’s like everything stop for a second ‘cause everybody just wanna feel it. Everything just get quiet, you know? 51.
34) 5) dialog: Yeah... feel so good, man.
34) 7) dialog: Hell, shit make you wanna cry, feel so good. Chiron looking to Kevin now:
34) 9) dialog: Nah. But it make me want to. Kevin flashing that big, cool ass smile.
34) 10) dialog: What you cry about? You cry, Chiron? Beat.
34) 12) dialog: But then you could just roll out into the water, right? Roll out into the water like all these other muhfuckers out here tryna drown they sorrows.
34) 14) dialog: I'm just listenin’ to you, nigga. (and) Sound like somethin’ you wanna do. 52.
34) 16) dialog: I didn’t say it don’t make sense. Beat.
34) 17) dialog: But tell me: like what? Like what lotta things?
34) 19) dialog: Uh oh. Look at Chiron cursing... You tryna get smart with me?
34) 21) dialog: (laughing) You trying to get smart? Kevin reaching a hand to Chiron’s neck, places his open p there deliberately, with feeling.
34) 22) dialog: You trying to get smart, Chiron? Their eyes meeting here, Kevin slowly working his hand al Chiron’s neck, small movement, with feeling.
34) 23) dialog: Huh Chiron? Slowly, nearly subconsciously, Chiron going weak, leans toward Kevin, their weight supporting one another here on dune. All sound drowned by the echoing ocean, the night coverin these two as close as they’ve ever been. Both sit up again, facing each other and still close, nos nearly touching. They stare. These are waters they’ve never charted, the culmination o invitations they’ve been sending since day one. 54 53. Kevin smiles, his open lips brushing Chiron’s. Chiron startles and... leans in. Heavy this kissing, much deeper than just the meeting of lips. A moment more of this heavy petting then... ...the sound of a buckle being undone, Kevin's hand disappearing down below, a gasp from Chiron and... ..+-pressure. Rhythm. Pressure and rhythm as Chiron’s bre catches in his chest, head fully leaned to Kevin’s should free hand grabbing at the sand as Kevin takes hold of him caressing and a pulling and a soothing as.... .+-Chiron comes, holding onto Kevin for dear life, chokin the sea breeze. Kevin removing his hand, looks at the cum there before wi it on the sand.
34) 25) dialog: What you got to be sorry for? Chiron considering that. Honestly so. The sound of the ocean.
34) 28) dialog: Who you in it with?
34) 30) dialog: With money, how else you get a car? (and) Boy I swear, for somebody who grew up in the hood you green as hell. 54. Kevin looking from the road, over at Chiron.
34) 31) dialog: That's why I like you though. Chiron looking out the window, blushing like a kid.
34) 32) dialog: You live in the Beans, right?
34) 34) dialog: What’s wrong?
34) 36) dialog: You sure? Just a nod from Chiron.
34) 37) dialog: You never did nothing like that, huh? A nod no from Chiron. Kevin smiles.
34) 38) dialog: Yeah. I figured. Off Chiron, CUT TO... 55 EXT. PAULA’S LIBERTY SQUARE APT - NIGHT 55 Kevin's car pulled up to the curb here, Chiron already ou leaned to the passenger side window. A stilted moment, unsure how to play this.
34) 40) dialog: No problem, Black. See you around. 56 57 58
35) 0) text: Chiron staring up at the clock as people push past him hurrying for the lunchtime lineup. Typical high school cafeteria landscape, cool kids wedged into tables to themselves, jocks wedged into tables by themselves, band kids not eating at all, just air-playing their sets, particularly the drum-line, forever table- tapping. And, of course, almost everybody is black. 56. Chiron moves through this mayhem, scanning the room for something, anything inviting. As he passes a group of gir he spots Kevin sitting by himself. Chiron’s eyes light up but he checks himself, doesn’t wan appear too obvious. He begins to take the longest route t get to where Kevin is but, before he can get halfway thro his journey... Terrell sits in front of Kevin. Chiron stops, diverts his attention before either can not him, heads instead for the lunch-line (his hands have bee empty). OVER IN THE CORNER...
35) 2) dialog: Terrell, what’s good?
35) 4) dialog: I hear you man.
35) 6) dialog: Nah, the food wasn’t never good.
35) 8) dialog: (Laughs ) Yeah, I feel you on that.
35) 10) dialog: Yeah my crazy ass was the king of that shit. 60 57.
35) 12) dialog: Cuban cat, right? Mauricio?
35) 15) dialog: What you sayin’?
35) 17) dialog: That's the game ain’t it? You dare me to swing on him and if I do, it’s on you.
36) 10) dialog: Stay down. But Chiron begins to stand up.
36) 12) dialog: Stay down!
41) 38) dialog: You there? Say somethin’, nigga. Beat. 73.
41) 40) dialog: Long time no see, right? I asked Teresa if she had your number and... I’m workin’ this job man. Lotta people comin’ by and this dude, he come by today -- made me think of you.
41) 41) dialog: You there?
41) 43) dialog: You remember me? Black looking about himself, around this room before answering. Looks more into his memory than anything else: Yes, he remembers him.
41) 45) dialog: Yeah. It has. (and) Where you at? Black closes his eyes. Beat.
41) 47) dialog: Yeah, that’s what I heard. A very long, very dense, very quiet beat. 78 74.
41) 48) dialog: I’m... I’m sorry about that... about all that, Chiron. (and after a pause) About all that shit what went down, man. Black looking about himself, about the room, eyes wanderi and drifting, had pushed so much of this away.
41) 49) dialog: Real shit, dog, I am. A sound from Black into the phone, not so much a word as gesture, guttural, ambiguous, not affirming but a repriev an allowance for the space to continue. Finally, mercifully:
41) 50) dialog: What you doin’ up there?
42) 0) text: Simple this place, KEVIN (late 20s now) dressed in a chef apron behind a staging station, from the looks of the kit surrounding him, a diner type place, short-order cook.
42) 1) dialog: Chiron and trouble always found a way. Out beyond the staging station Kevin’s leaned to, an old school register, tan colored table tops and matching vint booths. This is one of those relics that will always be a part of Miami. When the tide finally sweeps the city into the Atlantic, the last note rising from it will be Compay Segundo’s "Chan Chan" reverberating from this place.
42) 2) dialog: 
42) 4) dialog: I’m a cook, man. A loud laugh from Black, the clear joy of it a jolt.
42) 6) dialog: Yeah man, got sent up for some stupid shit, same stupid shit we always get sent up for. Put me on the kitchen line and I kinda took to it.
42) 8) dialog: I cook better than that shit.
42) 10) dialog: Yeah, so... I just thought about you man. There’s a jukebox in here, folks come in and play they songs and that’s the music we get in here. This dude, man.... Kevin trailing off there, thoughts wondering, eyes drifti over to that jukebox, one of the old school types with ac CDs and pages that flip when commanded.
42) 12) dialog: ...this dude reminded me of you. Beat.
42) 15) dialog: Yeah... ...that good. (and) If you ever come down here, man, you holla at me.
42) 17) dialog: Nah, no cell. This the diner. Right now it’s better if folks can’t reach me. I tell niggas, “Call my momma house if you really need me,” otherwise I’m only ‘bout this J-0O- B.
42) 19) dialog: Jimmy's Eastside Diner. If you ever to town, Chiron, I mean it. Come on by, I’1l1 cook you somethin’, play that song for you. Black fully sat up on the bed now, free hand to his templ the other clutching his cell to his ear. Just the sound o his light breathing.
42) 20) dialog: Alright Chiron, be easy. Click. Black lowering his phone now, staring at the screen, the simple information there: Call Duration: 5min29secs. A lifetime.
44) 0) text: And right away, the sound of music, something old, soft, lilting (think Aretha Franklin’s One Step Ahead). Black scanning this room, his view of the place a clue fo us: this is definitely the same diner we saw Kevin workin during the earlier phone call. All the details are there, the old-school register, vinta chairs and table-tops. And in the corner, that old school jukebox blessing us with Aretha.
44) 3) dialog: (moving) Be right with you, boss, just let me get this out the way. ...and moves past. Somehow, Kevin has not noticed him. Something lodged in Black’s throat, without thinking plac his hand there: Am I breathing? He must be, he’d better be: those dishes discarded somewh in the back and... here comes Kevin.
44) 4) dialog: How you doin’ tonight, what can I get you? Kevin flipping through a stained note-pad, hasn’t bothere look up yet. As he does, his eyes settle on Black’s. Beat. Kevin watching this man. And Black watching back, the two them silently holding each other’s gaze, pure curiosity. Kevin's head cocking to the side now:
44) 5) dialog: Chiron? Nothing from Black, just those eyes. Kevin lowering that pad, rounds the counter, comes right up beside him. On Kevin’s face: no doubt who this is.
44) 6) dialog: Damn man why you ain't say nothin’?! Kevin taking Black’s right hand in his, pulls him in clos and throws his left arm around his back: warm, tight, masculine. 82. The embrace held, Black slowly reciprocating, his left ar cautiously placed around Kevin's back and, subtly, moved there, close but not quite a caress. The men part.
44) 7) dialog: Damn Chiron.
44) 9) dialog: What the hell you doin’ here, I mean.... Kevin trailing off there as Black nods agreement, gets th oddity of his own actions.
44) 10) dialog: Well shit, you here now, that’s all that matter. Again, that nod from Black, Kevin smiling in reply:
44) 11) dialog: There go that damn noddin’, you ain't changed a bit, still can’t say more than three words at a time, huh? A smile from Black. This guy gets him.
44) 13) dialog: Yeah I did, man. I did. What you want? You can pick from the menu or I can give you the chef's special. Black watching Kevin across this counter. Over on the jukebox, that song ends, just the muted sound the girls in the corner there, nothing but this short spa between them. Kevin sets his notepad down. 91 92 83.
44) 14) dialog: Yeah. We here, Chiron. As Kevin heads for the kitchen, leaves Black with that thought...
46) 0) text: Black on his stool at the counter, watching through the staging station as Kevin works over that flame. Behind him, the group of girls moving toward the exit, be jingling as they step onto Biscayne. Black's gaze lingering on them a moment, tracking them as they push farther and farther into the night. Coming back his gaze settles on the table across the diner: the old m that cup of coffee. Black rising now, digs down into his pockets, pulls the b of cash and change there. Begins across this space, over the jukebox. Gets to flipping through the flaps, four to a side, scann left and right. A bit more flipping until... bingo. A string of quarters, a few buttons pushed then... ..+.the click and clack of the machine, a disc racked and to speed, so quiet in here without that jukebox, then... SOUND of a disc racked, the jukebox doing its work as...
46) 1) dialog: Chef's special. Black spinning to find Kevin passing, moving behind him w a freshly plated meal -- carries it across the diner floo over to the booth abutting the diner window. Black cocks his head in surprise, makes his way over to -
46) 4) dialog: Only in the kitchen, Papi. (and) Sit down, nigga. Or you gon’ eat standin’ up? Black complies, eases into the booth, eyes the food.
46) 5) dialog: Want a drink?
46) 7) dialog: Nigga I ain’t seen you in like a decade, you gon’ drink with me. Black just looking at this guy: What can he do? The clink of glasses, Kevin taking a sip of his, Black ta a gulp, maybe he doesn't drink after all. Kevin settles his elbow and forearm to the table:
46) 8) dialog: So what bring you here, Chiron? Curious, innocent, suggestive, all at once. Black just watching Kevin in response.
46) 9) dialog: Eat your dinner man. (rises) Eat your dinner. Black's gaze following Kevin as he replaces the old gentleman's coffee as before, moves on to a young couple sitting in the booth where the group of girls were. Off Black, CUT TO... 93 85.
47) 0) text: Later by the look of Black’s plate, completely empty. Black takes up his water glass of wine, a second bottle o there beside the first -- they’ve been thirsty. Kevin appears, settles in again.
47) 1) dialog: You remember Samantha?
47) 3) dialog: Kevin Jr. Me and Samantha. Had him young; too young. Kevin watching as Black takes up the photo, brings it clo examines it.
47) 4) dialog: When I got locked up, man. It was hard. Real hard. Had me in state, not that county shit. That’s when I knew I had to find somethin’. That’s when I started the cookin’ thing, knew I couldn’t go back to the street, not after that.
47) 6) dialog: Me and Sam? (beat) Nah. We still cool though, gotta be for Lil’ man, but... nah, not like that. Beat.
47) 7) dialog: What about you?
47) 9) dialog: Nigga tell me somethin’, what you doin’, who you doin’? Black going sheepish at that last part.
47) 10) dialog: C’mon nigga, I’m waitin’, done cooked for your ass and everything, shit, these grandma rules you know the drill, you gon’ eat, you gotta speak. Black thinking on this, weighing something. Takes another of his wine, then...
47) 12) dialog: (serious) What? Black just nodding.
47) 15) dialog: Bullshit, it ain’t what it is, Chiron, that ain’t you.
47) 17) dialog: Oh I don't?
47) 19) dialog: And I guess gettin’ your shit straight is drivin’ twelve hours down here for no reason? Kevin looks over his shoulder -- the young couple is up a register, waiting. Black watching as Kevin heads over, begins ringing their till. It’s a small moment, cordial -- Kevin smiling, maki small talk with the husband and wife. He’s good at this. The sound of that familiar door jingle on their exit, Kev beginning back now, stops to buss the couple’s table -- a loaded with plates and silverware as he passes...
47) 20) dialog: (moving) And why you got them damn fronts? ..-doesn’t bother for a reply, just keeps moving into the kitchen. Beat. Black alone again for the moment. It’s dead in here -- no couples, no groups of girls. Kevin is nowhere to be found there’s nothing between Black and the door. The door. Black watching the door as... Kevin reappears, wiping soap foam from his forearms, head back over. Takes his seat again across this modest booth. Kevin's thoughts going back to this conversation, the two them separated by this table; by only this table. It’s as though they can sense this, both mulling their thoughts, fingering those water glasses. Black's eyes lifting:
47) 22) dialog: What?
47) 24) dialog: I told you, this dude came in....
47) 26) dialog: He played this song.... Kevin trailing off there, eyes going to the jukebox in th corner. Lets his gaze linger a beat, then... .+.roots around a tip jar beside the register. A moment later, he’s rounding the counter, heading for...
47) 29) dialog: ..-leaning his back to the jukebox, arms folded.
48) 0) text: Black standing with his hands in his pockets as Kevin wor at the door behind him, closing down the diner. Down the sidewalk from them, the older gentleman moves aw labored step after labored step. Finished, Kevin turns to Black, the two falling into step without a word, moving across the parking -- Black leadin Kevin just behind. 95 90. Occasionally one looking to the other as they go, much sa in these eyes and looks, but... just the sound of movemen heavy key ring dangled at Kevin’s side, the whir of Vespa roaming up Biscayne. Kevin a few steps behind as Black nears the driver’s side door. Like anyone seeing this gaudy thing for the first t Kevin is taken aback.
48) 1) dialog: This you? Black toggling the alarm system, the Chevy beeping loudly all lights flashing twice and a piercing beep from that s system.
48) 2) dialog: You wasn’t playin’ bout them traps. A shrug from Black as Kevin takes the passenger side door gets in. Black following, the engine on the car coming to life. A BEAT as the car eases away from here, reaches the edge the parking lot, pulls into traffic.
48) 5) dialog: Jitney. Bus. Sometimes Samantha shoot me out there if I got Lil’ Kevin. 91. Black nodding.
48) 7) dialog: Yeah it’s real out here.
48) 9) dialog: Real slow, real hot, real busted, got me like a duck out here. Both laughing at that, you can be called a lot of things Miami and next to snitch, duck is about the worst.
48) 11) dialog: Nah man, I’m just tired. (and) I used to be up in them traps, too. Wasn’t easy; was hard as hell, harder than this, man, but not much. Feel like I work damn near as hard to make a day’s pay trappin’ in two weeks cookin’. Black just nodding, his blinker flicked, the business of driving.
48) 12) dialog: Make everything hurt a lot more. Feel like that cat from In Livin’ Color: “My neck, my back... my neck and my back.” That cracking both of them up, nostalgia of it as much as anything else. The laughter carries them a ways. Before they know it, Bl is shifting onto the freeway. Kevin looking out the window there. On his right as they travel east away from the Miami that brings black boys up hard: Fischer Island, the Miami immortalized in Rick Ross rhymes and Miami Vices.
48) 13) dialog: Bet on this the ride, Chi’. 96 92.
48) 15) dialog: So Chiron.... Kevin looking directly at Black now. They’re on the freew Black is driving. And yet... Kevin holding this thought aloft, looking across the interior of this car until Blac looks back, meets his gaze. He does.
48) 16) dialog: You just drove here?
48) 18) dialog: Like you just was on one and got on the highway?
48) 20) dialog: Where you gon’ stay tonight? Nothing from Black. Nothing, no words, no gestures, nothi rendered from him in this moment. Black should be driving, should have eyes on the road, pa attention to the other cars, the things passed. Instead, eyes on Kevin, staring back at the man lost in that quest the space between its posing and this beat the clear answ Kevin looks away, out the window again. The earth just mo They both felt it. Kevin reaching for the dial, raises the volume on that so system. A moment of this travel, Purple Haze enveloping t in this unspoken pact for a beat, then...
49) 0) text: A public parking lot, open-air, twenty-four hours. Black Kevin exiting the car, Kevin careful not to slam the door immaculate this car.
50) 0) text: Black standing in the living room as Kevin moves away, disappears into another area of the apartment. Alone, Black takes the place in: simple, modest, sparsely furnished with things that seem to have been found on sidewalks. On a table there, a single image of a small boy, a photo looks very much like the Young Kevin from earlier. The sound of a toilet flushing, Kevin reappearing now, hi work clothes shed, jeans and a T-shirt as he moves throug the space.
50) 1) dialog: Want somethin’ to drink? Beer? Water?
50) 3) text: Kevin gesturing to a simple folding table near Black, mov over to it and sets down two glasses of water, Black sitt opposite him. Kevin watching as Black drinks his water, something not q exaggerated but extended in the act, Kevin’s eyes searchi the nape of Black’s neck. He smiles.
50) 4) dialog: Who is you, man?
50) 6) dialog: Yeah, nigga. You. Them fronts? That car? Who is you, Chiron? Black shrugging his shoulders, smiles sheepishly: Beat.
50) 8) dialog: So you hard now?
50) 10) dialog: Then what?
50) 11) dialog: Look, I’m not tryna hem you up. Just... I ain’t seen you ina minute. Not what I expected, none of it. Not good or bad, just not what I expected.
50) 16) dialog: Yeah. I know.
50) 19) dialog: Me? I just kept on, man. I wasn’t never worth shit, never did anything I actually wanted to do, was all I could do to do what other folks thought I should do, I wasn’t never myself.
50) 21) dialog: Now? Now I got Lil’ Kev’, got this job man, got another 18 months of probation.
50) 23) dialog: Yeah, but it’s a life, you know? I never had that before. Like... I’m tired as hell right now and I ain’t makin’ more than shoe money, but... I got no worries, man. Not them kind what I had before. That’s some real shit, that’s that Bob Marley shit, nigga. Black lightening at that, a little smile. It’s only ampli as Kevin starts to do a little bob and weave, ad-libbing Marley’esque hymn. Black smiling as Kevin's eyes alight with this little dit Kevin rises, heads over to the small kitchen -- running water. He toggles a small radio. The SOUND of Kevin rotating thr the dial, finally landing on a station, late night R&B, l DeBarge’s All This Love. Kevin comes back over, settles. Muted music from that kit radio. He takes up his glass of water and enjoys another Black fixes him in his sights, more directly than before:
51) 0) text: Black sitting at the foot of the bed, fully clothed, hand clasped between his knees, leaned over slightly. Kevin standing before him, frozen. They hold each other’s eyes an interminable beat. 99 97. Black stands shakily. Kevin watches him as he closes the space between them, drawing right up to him. Kevin takes hand and lays it flat against Black’s chest. A puzzled look coming over Kevin's face.
51) 1) dialog: You shakin’.
51) 3) dialog: Wait. Kevin crosses the doorway, flips a switch:
51) 6) dialog: Yeah.
51) 8) dialog: Yeah. The SOUND of bodies touching, the beginning of things, then... ..+-another sound rising -- from afar -- the SOUND of wav crashing, rushing onto shore. And mingling with that rush of waves, the sound of lips a hands, the joining of bodies, somewhere in this darkness Black and Kevin re-learning one another as we CUT TO...