2) 0) text: Three young boys (adolescents, 12/13 years old) with stic chasing LITTLE (similarly aged but smaller, a runt) who i running, terrified.
3) 0) text: AN UNHINGED FENCE -- Little squeezing through, doesn’t lo back as the other boys attempt to shimmy and wiggle their though, too big to glide through like Little. LITTLE hauling ass, chest heaving as he rounds the corner this condemned building. On instinct, the stairs taken tw a time, reaches the second story landing and pushes his w into...
4) 0) text: Quickly: Little closes the heavy door behind him, engages dead-bolt. Beat. A beat of listening, the SOUND of footsteps hurrying up t steps, rushing to the door and... POUNDING. Madness and pounding, the boys cackling like Hy as they beat the living hell out of that door. Little shrinking, backing away and covering his ears. The SOUND of things cracking under his feet as he moves: the ground is covered with glass and syringes, small plastic vials rolling around all over. The pounding stops. Little staring at the door as he HEAR the boys descending the steps with that same juiced energ Little’s eyes never leaving that door -- waiting, anticipating, expe-- BANG! A window, the rear bedroom. Doesn’t shatter, just a loud, percussive thump. Little creeps across the room -- same CRUNCH of glass beneath his feet, creeps into... THE REAR BEDROOM: more light in here than in the front, f that window. Little edges up to it, leaned away to not be seen. Slowly, stealthily, he raises his eyes above the threshold, SEES the three little bad asses who chased him cue -- THUMP! A ratty shoe clanging off the windowpane. Reflex - Little startles, throws himself against the adjacent wall
5) 0) text: Little stands in the kitchen of this place, holding the aforementioned glass pipe, staring at it closely. He sets it down, starts opening cabinets and drawers, jus kid exploring, when... BAM BAM BAM! -- thudding from the living room. Rather tha the door, a pounding on the front windows, on the boarded wood nailed shut where glass would be. Little huddles in on himself, looks on terrified as... .+.a light, a hand as the edge of the plywood gives, a fu size of it giving way to reveal a tall figure, calm. Adjusting for the light, we see him fully: it’s Juan. Juan reaching a leg over the threshold, stands just insid without encroaching on Little’s space. A beat as the two take each other in, then:
5) 7) dialog: 
6) 0) text: Juan and Little at a booth, plates of food sitting betwee them.
6) 4) text: Juan reaching across the table now, slowly pulls Little's tray over to his side. Little just looking down at the em table before him.
8) 0) text: Juan, Teresa, Little gathered at a modest dining table, t two grown-ups watching the child going to work on what appears a delicious plate of home-cooking. Something odd about this dining room: the walls are two colors, in the midst of being painted. A few paint tins a rollers line the floor, a work in progress.
8) 3) dialog: My name Chiron. (and) But people call me Little. 10 11
8) 6) dialog: Liberty City.
8) 10) dialog: No. Teresa and Juan exchanging a look: a confirmation between them.
9) 0) text: Paula standing as Little sits on the couch -- Paula stand above Little, hands on hips. Doesn't speak, just looks at the boy, a bewildered look. Still in that uniform, strain at the corner of her eyes.
10) 0) text: Little walking alone along this side street. Kicking rocks, grabbing the branches of small trees, list when he hears...
10) 3) dialog: Hey Kevin. KEVIN (a facsimile of Little but stronger, more broken in
10) 5) dialog: I'on't know. Kevin falls into step, the boys walking together now.
10) 9) dialog: What?
10) 11) dialog: Why you say that? 17 14.
11) 0) text: Kevin and Little standing before one another in this clearing, face to face, like ancient samurai before a contest.
11) 2) dialog: I ain't soft. Always and forever a hothead this one.
12) 0) text: Juan and Little standing ashore, both of them pulling off their shoes, their shirts. This being Miami, both already dressed in shorts, this heat. Juan moving away, heading toward the surf. Little followi hurrying to catch up, literally taking hold of Juan's shi as they move...
12) 12) dialog: Yeah. Juan standing again, gets his arms under Little and turns boy face down in a swimming position.
13) 0) text: Little and Juan sitting ashore, a towel wrapped around th boy as they watch the moon come up. The moon making its first appearance on the horizon -- SO of the waves running back and forth, to and from shore.
13) 1) dialog: Juan, can I ask you somethin'?
13) 3) dialog: Okay... why your name Juan?
13) 5) dialog: Juan is like a Spanish name. (and after a thought) But you black just like me. Juan turning his head to the boy. A smile and then a full blown laugh, Juan losing it.
14) 0) text: Little and Juan approach the apartment complex.
14) 3) dialog: Mama! A beat, then... Paula’s at the door, a bit drowsy, dishev in a way different than the work weary version glimpsed before. A moment of Juan taking in Paula. None of them utter a wo for a moment, just the distinct sound of a can opening fr inside the apartment, all of them noting it.
14) 4) dialog: Hey Mama.
15) 0) text: Little standing away from Paula, face open and curious as see what he sees: an average, working class black man -- longshoreman type -- sitting at the small dining table ju off the kitchen. Paula standing as this man sits watching Little, neither them seeming very familiar with the other; neither seemin very interested in the other. A lot of busy work from Paula there, taking things into h arms: glass things, aluminum things, curious things we ca quite see.
16) 0) text: An open room: high ceilings, grey dance mat spanning the of the room, mirrors running the length of two walls, a ballet studio. Fifteen to twenty boys and girls moving about -- no coordination, just movement and silliness. We find Little among them, throwing his head back, moving hips to lord knows what rhythm. And holy hell: for the fi time all film, it looks like he might be having fun as we
17) 0) text: Little taking two steps in, stops immediately. REVERSE ANGLE: A circle of boys ...seven in a semi-circle, their backs to us, older looki for an elementary, all of them looking down and in on one another. All eyes go to Little, a hurried, hushed business. One of boys breaks away from the circle, hustles over. As he nea his identity becomes clear: this is Kevin from our earlie “wrestle.”
18) 0) text: Little entering, stopping himself just a few feet inside the door closes behind him. A beat of Little listening to the house, tiny ears perked just so. Glances at the far wall -- a modest television u to be there. Blinks in confusion. Off the sound of silence...
19) 0) text: The front burner on this gas range, Little's scrawny, lan arms setting a five-gallon pot of water to the stove. The quickest beat of Little before the stove, then...
20) 1) text: Little here carrying that five-gallon pot, from the steam coming off it, searing hot with boiling water. Gets it right up to the edge of the tub, expertly, carefu pours it in, face leaned back to avoid the steam furiousl rising from the surface. Finishes this pouring and sets the pot down behind him, o its side so the handle props most of its metal surface fr the carpet. Reaches down to the floor, retrieves a bottle dollar store dish washing liquid. As he squeezes a ton of this stuff into the water...
20) 3) dialog: ...-in that tub now, soaking in bubbles. 29 30 25. A beat of the boy at peace. An extended beat of this boy at peace, right here with hi for a change, no distractions, no deflections. So young and yet... so much happening behind those eyes. much weight.
22) 3) dialog: It’s me. Juan looking down in confusion, doesn’t immediately open door, but... of course opens the door, pistol tucked behi his back to conceal. Gets a good look at Little. 33 30.
22) 8) dialog: (sotto) I hate her.
22) 11) dialog: What's a faggot? 31. Juan... blindsided by that one, unprepared and unequipped answer that. Takes a sip of his juice, a deep breath and...
22) 13) dialog: Am I a faggot?
22) 15) dialog: How do I know? Again a look to Teresa, a shrug of the shoulders from her
22) 18) dialog: Do you sell drugs? Juan's face? Crushed. He nods yes.
22) 19) dialog: And my momma, she do drugs, right? Again, something falling in Juan, hangs his head even low A nod yes. Teresa comes over, places a hand on Juan's back. Little takes a sip of his juice, rises without a word. Ex the dining room. The sound of his feet on tile flooring, front door openin closing. Juan not moving, for once undone. Beat. Off Juan... CUT TO BLACK. 34 33. OVER BLACK, the sound of breathing, not labored or rushed but... proximal, right beside us, then...
23) 0) text: CHIRON (16) continues his staring. From just the look of this is clearly the Little character from moments before to his teens. MR. PIERCE (the biology teacher, late 20’s, black) clears throat.
26) 0) text: Chiron approaching an apartment complex (different than Little’s home in the previous story) in the twelfth stage neglect, all chipped paint and autos up on cinderblocks o front. Books and backpack in tow, he climbs a flight of stairs t the second story and approaches an apartment down on the end. As he unlocks the door... +-a rush of energy greets him from within.
52) 0) text: Those waves heard crashing moments earlier on full displa rushing ashore at a frothy run. Dark out, extremely dark save for the lights of beach bar ways down the ocean front. The undulating rhythms of the Atlantic catch the moon, glint it all over. 98. As we observe this movement of water and dance of light, shoulders appear, bare, gaunt: LITTLE from our opening episode. Calmly, methodically, Little moves across the sand, approaching the water. A beat more of Little easing up to surf, then... .--he looks back: his dark skin moistened in the ocean sp moon catching him same as its catching the surface of the Atlantic. And those eyes: looking right at us, staring plaintively, plainly, nothing requested, no expectation: just a clear, undisturbed openness. Hold this gaze, then... ...-Little turning from us, his form and movement slowly, steadily melding into the flow of light and waves as we h out into the ocean and we... FADE TO BLACK.