8) 15) dialog: What happened Chiron? Why you didn’t come home like you supposed to?! Nothing from Little, eyes cast down, afraid, ashamed. Pau looking up to Juan, finally gets a good look at him:
8) 16) dialog: And who is you? Juan considering this, is oddly unsure how to respond, so
8) 20) dialog: Thanks for seeing to him. He usually can take care of hisself, he good that way, but... Paula looking past her son, past this man, thoughts drift off. From the looks of her, just a hardworking single mot in over her head. Juan's gaze lingering over her, clearly seeing the same a yet... just a bit more.
9) 0) text: Paula standing as Little sits on the couch -- Paula stand above Little, hands on hips. Doesn't speak, just looks at the boy, a bewildered look. Still in that uniform, strain at the corner of her eyes.
9) 1) dialog: You a real damn prize, Chiron, you know that? Little just looking at his feet, staring at the floor.
9) 2) dialog: You got’sta come home when you meant to come home, you hear? Nothing from the boy. Paula gets down to a knee, takes bo his shoulders in her hands:
9) 3) dialog: You hear? 15 11. A slow nod from Little, does indeed. A beat and, like a wave, something relaxing in Paula, mak her soft, loving again.
9) 4) dialog: That's alright baby, that's alright. Paula rests a hand on Little’s head, pulls him in tight.
9) 5) dialog: Mama just want to make sure you’re okay, that's all baby. Paula still holding on to Little, to say it's for dear li would not be at all an exaggeration. She releases him and, on cue, Little plops himself down i front of the television, reaches for the analog dial, but
9) 6) dialog: Nuh uh, your TV privileges is revoked, Buddy Roe. Off Little... EXT. GWEN CHERRY PARK —- DAY - MOVING 15 At first, just dirt and rocks, patches of grass coming in view intermittently as we move over this landscape. A beat, then... ...the sound of heavy footfalls, twelve to fifteen boys ( nine to fourteen and of various shapes and sizes, all bla thundering past.
15) 0) text: Little standing away from Paula, face open and curious as see what he sees: an average, working class black man -- longshoreman type -- sitting at the small dining table ju off the kitchen. Paula standing as this man sits watching Little, neither them seeming very familiar with the other; neither seemin very interested in the other. A lot of busy work from Paula there, taking things into h arms: glass things, aluminum things, curious things we ca quite see.
15) 1) dialog: (at man) Come on. Paula heading off toward the rear bedroom, the man quietl rising after her, the can of Old English we heard opening clutched in his hand as he follows her across the apartme Little watching the procession -- confused, suspicious -- eyes lingering on the bedroom door as it closes behind th
21) 0) text: Terrence completing a transaction, stuffing money into hi pockets and nodding in the direction of one of his runner Standing opposite him, a face we've seen briefly but will recognize: Paula’s longshoreman. As the longshoreman moves off, approaches the runner appearing from behind the complex, Juan approaches, that smooth easy gait of his. It’s a brief moment, but... Juan and the longshoreman mee eyes as they pass one another, nothing of import, but... moment.
21) 7) dialog: Who you--
21) 9) dialog: Who the hell you think you is? Juan shook, never expected her to jump in:
21) 10) dialog: Who the fuck you think you--
21) 12) dialog: So... you gon' raise my son now? Nothing from Juan, all stillness in his holding this gaze
21) 13) dialog: Huh? Juan lowering his eyes, legitimately weighs the question.
21) 14) dialog: You gon' raise my son? Paula sucking her teeth:
21) 15) dialog: Yeah... that's what I thought.
21) 17) dialog: You gon' keep sellin' me rocks? Paula turns from Juan, reaches into the Chrysler, pulls h pipe, a lighter from there. Holds his gaze while taking a charred, black pull. Exhales. 31 28.
21) 18) dialog: Motherfucker. (and now) And don't give me that "You gotta get it from somewhere shit” nigga, I'm gettin' it from you. (beat) But you gon' raise my son, right? Paula exhaling into the night air again, lets her head lo bit to funnel the smoke. Places the pipe back into the car now, approaches Juan, s and confident:
21) 19) dialog: You ever see the way he walk, Juan?
21) 21) dialog: You gon' tell him why the other boys kick his ass all the time? Huh? No backing down in Paula's eyes, the line drawn, so sure this declaration. And Juan? All doubt, prospect of follow-through finally before him, having to be reconciled. Paula backing away from him, eyes never leaving his:
21) 22) dialog: (over her shoulder) Come on, let’s go. The longshoreman flicking his cigarette to the ground, th two of them slipping back into the Chrysler, ignition catching. Off Juan, CUT TO... INT. PAULA’S APT - NIGHT 31 Paula and Little facing one another, Little standing at h mother’s feet. We've caught them in the middle of something, just after something. 32 29. No words spoken, but Little’s face: he’s lost.
26) 3) dialog: (calling back) Find somewhere for you to be. Paula slips into the rear bedroom, closes the door behind with a considerable thud. Chiron stares at that door indifferently: this is nothing for him.
28) 2) dialog: Hey baby where’d you go last night? 46 42.
28) 4) dialog: I’m yo’ mama, ain’t I? Chiron just holding her eyes, not worth a reply.
28) 5) dialog: Why you ain’t just come home later, boy? Paula smiles, the kind of smile that’s been forgiven many times and many places over.
28) 6) dialog: You had me worried about you. But you getting grown I guess I can’t be keeping up with you all the time. Anyway how Teresa doing? I ain’t seen her since the funeral.
28) 8) dialog: That’s good baby. Listen, Mama locked herself out the door, can you... come let me in? Chiron watching her, confused. EXT. PAULA’S LIBERTY SQUARE APT - DAY 46 Paula and Chiron ascending the steps toward the second st Paula moving ahead of him. She gets to the door first, but... moves just past it to Chiron do the honors. Smiles at him, something disguised the gesture. Chiron digging for his keys as Paula watches intently, at first in his pockets and now in his backpack, Paula’s arm folded in a show of impatience. After a moment of nodding nervously, scratching at her neck... Paula pushes past him, takes the door handle and herself in.
28) 11) dialog: I need some money.
28) 13) dialog: That's my business, don’t you ask me no shit like that.
28) 15) dialog: Don’t lie to me. I’m your mama. That bitch over there ain’t no kin to you, I’m your blood, remember? (and) Now I ain’t feeling good. I need something to help me out, baby, just float me across this shake, you hear?
28) 17) dialog: Teresa ain't give you nothing, huh? Your lil’ play-play mama ain’t put something in your hand? Now give me that damn money, Chiron. Chiron reaches into his pocket, grabs a few bills there, can’t be more than forty dollars but it’s literally his l 48
28) 19) dialog: Uh huh, I know that bitch like a hooker know her trick. You my child, okay? And tell that bitch she better not forget it. Chiron just stares at Paula, unfolding those bills there, crisping and lining them, force of habit.
28) 20) dialog: Go on to school. Ain’t you late? Chiron just staring, his mother in physical form but some entirely different in mind and spirit. Paula looks up from her counting, finds that scornful fac much like hers looking down on her.
40) 0) text: Black sits in front of PAULA (40s now, hair pulled back, thinned but a light in her eyes that wasn’t there before) Paula looks down and goes into her pocket, pulls out a cigarette. Lights it, almost puts it in her mouth when sh stops and stubs it out.
40) 1) dialog: Quittin’ that too. Black just nodding, indifferent.
40) 2) dialog: Trying to, at least. How you been?
40) 4) dialog: Why not? Awkward.
40) 5) dialog: Right. If you knew you'd prolly...
40) 7) dialog: Still? You ever thought about talking about it with somebody? I mean. You know, not even like a counsellor. Maybe somebody like, like your mama? Paula laughs, makes light of it. Black still unmoved. Har tell which of these two is in rehab and which isn’t. 66.
40) 8) dialog: Yeah it sound funny to me too. But I am your mother, ain’t I? You can talk to me if you want to. Or at least somebody, you got to trust somebody, you hear? (then) You talk to Teresa?
40) 10) dialog: How she doing?
40) 12) dialog: “Good.” ...face curling into a beautiful, teasing smile. Hard to love this woman, hard to not give her infinite second chances.
40) 14) dialog: Home? (beat) This is home. I mean... they ‘lowin’ me to stay and work as long as I like. I figured, you know, might as well help other folks, keep myself out of trouble.
40) 16) dialog: Yeah... I think it is too. (a deep breath) I really do. Black nodding his head silently, looking away from his mother, over at another mother and son performing this sa ritual across the courtyard, down at the stubbed cigarett still clutched at his mother’s lap. 67. Paula taking a real good look at her son. Something in he face softening at the sight of his hardened jaw, those go fronts.
40) 17) dialog: So... (beat) ..+-you still in them streets? Nothing from Black, eyes shifting to the ground now, down away.
40) 18) dialog: Didn't come all the way the hell to Georgia to have you fall into the same shit, Chiron.
40) 20) dialog: No, you gon’ listen.
40) 22) dialog: Not like this, baby. And...
40) 23) dialog: Not like this. Black looking down, looking away, looking anywhere but at Paula. Black returns to his seat, eyes fixed to a spot.
40) 24) dialog: I messed up baby. I fucked it all up, I know that. But yo’ heart ain't gotta be black like mine, you hear me? I love you baby. I do, I love you Chiron. You ain’t gotta love me, lord knows I didn’t have love for you when you needed it, I know that. 72 73 68.
40) 25) dialog: So you ain’t gotta love me but you gon’ know that I love you, you hear? Nothing from Black.
40) 26) dialog: You hear me, Chiron? Paula yanking that arm.
40) 28) dialog: One step at a time, baby. One step at a time. CUT TO BLACK. And over BLACK, the TITLE CARD:
41) 30) dialog: Chiron, this your mother. I know it’s late but figured you ain’t never been one much for sleep. Wanted to thank you again for comin’ to see me.
41) 32) dialog: That was... that was good of you. Hope you gettin’ some rest baby. (and) Hope you come by again soon.