8) 0) text: Juan, Teresa, Little gathered at a modest dining table, t two grown-ups watching the child going to work on what appears a delicious plate of home-cooking. Something odd about this dining room: the walls are two colors, in the midst of being painted. A few paint tins a rollers line the floor, a work in progress.
8) 2) dialog: That's alright, baby. You talk when you ready. Little looking up from his plate at that, something about Teresa's voice, her presence, clicking with him.
8) 4) dialog: I'm gon' call you by your name. Little shrugs.
8) 5) dialog: Where you live, Chiron?
8) 7) dialog: You live with yo' mama? A nod yes from Little.
8) 8) dialog: And what about yo' daddy? Nothing. Not a blink, not a nod, barely a breath, just stillness.
8) 9) dialog: You want us to take you home, then? (and) After you finish eating, maybe? Little lowering his eyes now, gaze going to the table in front of him:
8) 11) dialog: Okay then. Okay. You... you can stay here tonight. Would you like that? Little nodding yes. Off Juan taking in this kid...
22) 0) text: Perhaps a bit later than “dawn” but it’s early. Juan movi about in a long-johns top and sweats, rubbing sleep from eyes. The moment would seem pure and sweet were it not for the revolver, the tightly rolled wad of bills strewn across t table. Teresa is at the table with a notepad and pen. Teresa is counting. Juan moves to the table but doesn’t sit. Teresa takes up cup of coffee, gives him a look, goes back to her ledger. A beat of them in silence this way, Teresa counting, Juan thinking, then... Juan crosses to the near wall, looks down to a roller the a semi-dried pan of paint. He takes up the roller, adds a streak of white paint. Looks off a moment, thoughts gathered. Adds another strea white, then... .«.--a POUNDING at the door, a startle to them both and, POUNDING resumes, alarming. Juan sliding the wad of money toward Teresa, takes up his pistol and heads for...
26) 5) dialog: Well I’1l be -- Chiron?! TERESA appears from the yard, out there in the yard, a bu of dead palm fronds in hand. She’s aged some, but certain aged better than the rest. Pulls Chiron into a hug, beaming the most amazing smile. INT. JUAN’S HOME - NIGHT 41 Chiron and Teresa at the table in Teresa’s dining room, f plates of food before both. Teresa watching as Chiron picks at his plate, paying it j enough attention to qualify as eating. Still...
26) 6) dialog: What’s wrong?
26) 8) dialog: Nah. I seen good and you ain’t it: what’s wrong, Little? 38.
26) 10) dialog: Don’t call you what? Your name? You grown now?
26) 12) dialog: Then what you sayin’? Chiron goes quiet. Doesn’t take much.
26) 13) dialog: I’m just messin’ with you boy. (and) And you right, that ain’t no name for you no more. That ain’t you. But if you wanna be somethin’ different, you gotta earn it, you gotta make your name true, understand? Chiron bows his head, out of embarrassment, out of shame?
26) 14) dialog: Hey, don’t put your head down in my house, you know Teresa’s rule: all love, all pride in this house, you feel me? He mumbles, he nods.
26) 15) dialog: What’s that?
26) 17) dialog: Good. (she smiles) Now since you here, there’s some stuff way back on the top shelf in the kitchen I’ve been meaning to get to. 42 39. Off Chiron’s smiling face.... INT. JUAN’S HOME, SPARE BEDROOM - NIGHT 42 A simple room, small twin bed and a single sitting chair. window just beyond the bed, looking out onto the side-yar Chiron standing over the bed, pulling the corner on a fit sheet. From the looks of this room, no one sleeps here. F the looks of Chiron, he’s made and unmade this bed before
26) 19) dialog: You know you can stay here anytime, right?
26) 21) dialog: But if you gonna stay here you got to learn how to make a bed, boy. Teresa laughing as she takes that corner of sheet from Chiron’s grasp, tugs it lightly: the entire cover slips o with ease.
26) 23) dialog: How you mean, what? That ain’t how you make no bed. Teresa moving instinctively, has already got the two bott corners snagged expertly, is pulling the third corner jus as Chiron watches.
26) 24) dialog: (playful) Think you slick, huh? Do it wrong so Teresa show up and do it right, huh? (laughs)
26) 26) dialog: You and Juan, thick as thieves, lemme tell you. Teresa looking to Chiron for that last part, what begins smile slowly fading, shifting to something more reflectiv heavy.
26) 27) dialog: You miss him? Chiron holding her gaze, his silence answer enough.
26) 28) dialog: Yeah. Me too. Beat.
26) 29) dialog: Me too. Teresa turning from this room, moves down the hall, the d left ajar behind her. Chiron staring after her -- puzzling -- just watching the empty space of the threshold there. Off Chiron’s gaze, CUT TO: INT. JUAN’S HOME, BEDROOM - NIGHT - LATER 42A Chiron passed out, deep in sleep. A beat of this slumber, then... the SOUND of water. Sound water falling and echoing all over, then... INT. JUAN’S HOME - NIGHT 43 Though less a cut than an exhale, a smooth transition as drift through this home. It’s later; much later. And the SOUND of that water is insistent, hitting the roof like automatic fire. As we fl past a retreating hallway, find...