0) 0) text: Michelle's eyes slowly open. She's back on the mattress, thin blanket covering her again. A tray of food sits on the floor next to the bed. The two four and shovel are gone. Howard sits on a folding chair by the door, his forearm i now wrapped with a bandage where she hit him with the woo She peers at him through the dim light. Is he sleeping? props herself up. His voice cuts through the darkness, startling her --
0) 3) dialog: I called the police. They'll be here any minute. Let me go now. You'll be in a lot less trouble. Michelle shoots him a defiant look. Howard shakes his head --
0) 6) dialog: Yeah... Right.
0) 8) dialog: If you're such a good samaritan why the hell am I locked in this room?
0) 10) dialog: You really think I'm stupid enough to fall for this?
0) 12) dialog: How do I know you didn't? I woke up in my underwear with no idea where I am or how I got here. That's pretty fucking disturbing.
0) 14) dialog: I want out of here. Now.
0) 16) dialog: You’re out of your mind.
0) 18) dialog: What's gonna protect me from you? Howard shakes his head, knows he's not going to convince of anything right now. He stands up. Michelle pulls the blanket tighter around her neck.
0) 20) dialog: Special K? We going clubbing?
0) 22) dialog: Thought you said you were a doctor.
0) 25) dialog: Thanks, Doc. But I’m not taking a date rape drug while being held prisoner. He takes a step toward her... and there’s a tiny shift in Howard, something stirs beneath his calm exterior --
0) 28) text: There will be plenty of time to talk when you're feeling better. Michelle pulls the tray onto her mattress and starts pick at the eggs. She’s not convinced of Howard's story but realizes that either way, she's fucked.
1) 0) text: (Note: All of the flashbacks are grainy and high contrast it's hard to tell whether we are watching history, a memo or something altogether different.) Dozens of college students drink from plastic cups and bo to hip hop music in the basement of an off-campus house. In a back corner Michelle stands across from PATRICK (19) Despite the raging party going on around them, the expressions on their faces say that they're not having fu
1) 2) dialog: It took you ten minutes to close your books and come downstairs?
1) 4) text: I wanted to surprise you. God, I'm such an idiot. Michelle takes a long drink from her cup.
1) 6) dialog: I saw the way she looked at you... the way she looked at me. She locks eyes with Patrick, daring him to lie.
1) 8) dialog: What the hell does that even mean?
1) 10) dialog: Trust you? Why? So you can hurt me?
1) 12) dialog: Yeah? You got a fucked up way of showing it. Michelle chugs the rest of her beer, throws the empty cup Patrick and charges for the stairs. He chases after her.
2) 0) text: Michelle wakes up. The fluorescent bulb is off but a bit light bleeds through the open door along with some noise HAMMERING and SANDING. It puts an anxious look on her fac 10. The food tray is gone. She reaches under her pillow. The butter knife is gone too. A folded t-shirt and women’s drawstring athletic shorts sit on the floor next to her c Michelle reaches over, grabs her cell and opens up her te - all six from Patrick. The last one at 2:42 a.m. -- “Sor had to end this way. I wish we could be 2gether 4ever.” Is he referring to the attack? She shakes the thought fro her head. Michelle swaps her torn, blood-crusted blouse for the t- shirt. It’s skintight but it’s clean. She then gingerly p the shorts on over her wounded knee. Michelle looks around the empty room. She calls out --
2) 1) dialog: Hey, Doc? These luxury accommodations come with a bathroom? Howard enters carrying crutches made out of some nailed together pieces of wood -- there’s material wrapped aroun the tops, sanded hand grips and duct taped feet at the bottom. They're rudimentary, but nonetheless impressive. He sets the crutches down by her mattress.
3) 0) text: Michelle enters the cramped living area. It’s windowless the same low ceilings and cinder block walls. Her eyes dart around, studying every square inch -- In the middle there’s a small table with two folding chai To her right, there's a kitchenette alongside a cupboard. Next to the cupboard, an open door leads to another room. 11. To her left, a worn couch blocks a set of stairs that disappear up into darkness. And on the far side of the room, there's a fully stocked, floor-to-ceiling wine rack that takes up the entire wall for one corner where there's a closed steel door with a deadbolt above the handle. Howard leads Michelle through the main living area into - HOWARD’S ROOM A mattress on the floor. A small chest of drawers against wall. In the back, two shower curtains come together to square off the corner. Howard pulls one of the curtains aside to reveal a toilet sink, a small mirror, and a tub. Michelle crutches by him.
4) 1) dialog: Yeah, um, a little privacy, Doc. Howard heads toward the door.
4) 3) dialog: You can help by closing the door on your way out. Through the slit in the shower curtain Michelle watches Howard exit. He closes the bedroom door behind him. Michelle quickly crutches into -- HOWARD’S ROOM She hobbles to the chest of drawers and starts rooting through them. The top drawer is filled with women’s cloth The second drawer down contains men’s clothes. 12. Michelle opens the third drawer revealing a cornucopia of pharmaceuticals, including the Ketamine, antibiotics and few syringes. Michelle grabs a syringe. As she lifts it, she notices a collection of old survival magazines underneath -- A headline on the cover of one of them catches her eye -- “HOW TO MAKE A WEAPON OUT OF ANYTHING.”
4) 6) dialog: How do you know my name?
4) 8) dialog: Okay. So where the hell are we?
4) 10) dialog: (looking at the wine rack) Where you just happen to have a fully stocked dungeon.
4) 13) dialog: How were you able to figure out what happened? The TV and radio would have stopped broadcasting the instant the bomb went off.
4) 15) dialog: You saying Chicago was hit?
4) 17) dialog: That’s where I’m from. That’s where my mom is. I need to call her. I need to make sure she’s okay. The look on Howard's face says that she’s probably not. Michelle tears up. Howard’s not sure what to do, what to 14.
4) 20) dialog: We need to go outside. Find a cell signal. Figure out what happened. Howard comes over, reaches out to comfort her.
4) 22) dialog: Get the hell away from me, you lying son of a bitch! Michelle struggles to her feet, backs against a wall. She keeps Howard at bay with her crutch.
4) 23) dialog: You're full of shit! There was no attack. You’re just a sick pervert trying to keep me down here. Howard looks at her, his face a blank slate. And then -- flash of anger. He pulls the couch away from the stairs.
5) 0) text: Michelle arrives at the top of the stairs and finds a thi lead door with a small 4x6 inch window. Howard comes halfway up the stairs behind Michelle. 15.
6) 0) text: Michelle pulls away. Terror pulses through her body.
6) 3) dialog: What happened to them?
6) 7) dialog: Yeah. Looks more like the work of some twisted freak with a knife.
6) 12) dialog: Help! Somebody help me! Howard rubs his shoulder as he climbs the stairs.
6) 14) dialog: Please let me go. Please. I promise, I won’t tell anyone. Howard stops a few steps below her.
6) 16) dialog: How long are you going to keep me here?
6) 18) dialog: (through her sobs) Then open the fucking door. Howard leans in, breathing right in her ear. Michelle cowers as his hand reaches toward her... then pa her. He switches off the Geiger counter.
7) 0) text: Looking in the mirror, Michelle peels the blood-crusted g off her forehead. The cut is still gruesome, but the blee has stopped. She tapes on a clean piece of gauze.
8) 0) text: Howard sits at the table fiddling with a small radio but nothing's being broadcast. Michelle crutches into the room. Howard looks over.
8) 2) dialog: I see a broken radio. Howard shakes his head as Michelle crutches by him.
9) 0) text: Michelle sleeps restlessly.
10) 0) text: Michelle pushes through partying students on the porch as storms out of the house toward her car. Patrick continues after her.
10) 2) dialog: (slurring slightly) Same thing my dad used to say. And my mom was stupid enough to believe it. Until he left her for good.
10) 4) dialog: You're right. It's about you and me. And Lauren. And that's one too many. She gets in the car and slams the door. Patrick grabs the handle but it's already locked.
11) 0) text: Michelle wakes with a start. She looks over to -- HOWARD standing silently in the doorway. He turns and wal away without a word.
12) 0) text: Michelle inspects her damaged knee. Then she glances at Howard’s dresser drawers. She crutches toward them, keepi nervous eye on the door to the main room.
12) 2) dialog: Yeah. I’m fine.
13) 0) text: Howard and Michelle sit at the table, eating in silence. looks at her, but she keeps her eyes on her plate.
13) 2) dialog: (almost robotic) Visiting a friend. (a beat) But he’s probably dead, right? So what’s the point in talking about it? So much for small talk. Howard bites his tongue as he pus away from the table. FADE TO BLACK.
14) 0) text: A few days have passed. Michelle looks at herself in the mirror. She peels the gauze from her head. The wound is healed enough that she doesn’t replace the gauze. She runs water but sneaks from the bathroom -- using the noise to mask her movement. She hobbles into -- HOWARD’S ROOM She crosses the room without her crutches, limping but mo reasonably well. Michelle opens a drawer and takes the magazine with the “ TO MAKE A WEAPON OUT OF ANYTHING” cover.
15) 0) text: Michelle maneuvers through the main room -- past Howard. leans heavily on the crutches making it appear that she’s completely dependent on them to get around.
16) 0) text: Using the sharp edge of a soup can lid, Michelle whittles away at the end of one of her crutches, slowly shaping it into a point. She hears Howard moving outside and quickly rewraps the end with tape.
17) 0) text: Michelle lies on her mattress as Howard unwraps the banda on her knee. Michelle winces as the last layer sticks to pus-covered wound. Howard tugs it off. 21.
17) 1) dialog: Ow! Damn it. That hurt. They both stare at the wound. It’s gruesome.
17) 2) dialog: I need to go to a hospital. I need a real doctor. Howard ignores the dig.
17) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
17) 8) dialog: Happy? Howard rewraps Michelle’s knee with a clean bandage then up and heads for the door.
18) 0) text: Michelle speeds on a winding country road. A truck pulls behind her. Its LIGHTS GLARE in her rearview mirror. It s to get closer and closer. Michelle swerves across the road drunkenly. The truck HON She guns the engine, accelerates. The truck keeps pace, tailgating her yet again. She glances at her rearview. The glare blinds her...
19) 0) text: Michelle jolts awake. The bedroom door is open, but she’s alone. She reaches fo her crutches, notices that the tape at the foot of one of them is unraveled, the carved point clearly visible. She grabs it and tapes it up. But she has no idea if Howa was in the room to see it or not. She lies back on the bed for a moment, listens. Nothing b the WHOOSH of air coming in through the vent above her. Michelle stares up at the vent -- an idea comes to her. S grabs her crutches and limps out of the room.
20) 0) text: Michelle peeks into Howard’s room. He snores on his mattr She quietly closes his door then stares up at the ventila system above the kitchenette where two air ducts branch o from the main register and pipe into the bedrooms. 23.
21) 0) text: Michelle strips the cover from her pillow. She uses the s point on her crutch to rip one end open and begins pullin out the polyester stuffing.
22) 0) text: Michelle climbs onto a folding chair beneath the main ven She pulls off the cover and shoves the stuffing into the ventilation system. When she has it all in, she takes a crutch and pushes it far into the duct as possible. She climbs off the chair then reaches up and BANGS on the vent with her crutch until Howard's snoring stops. She hears him moving and quickly limps back into her room
23) 0) text: Michelle catches a glimpse of Howard through the open doo She waits a beat then hobbles out of the bedroom.
24) 0) text: Howard is on a chair underneath the main duct. His ear an his hand are pressed up against the vent. Howard turns to Michelle -- deadly serious look on his fa
24) 2) dialog: What are you gonna do?
24) 5) dialog: What about the bathroom?
25) 0) text: Michelle sets two plates on the table, unidentifiable blo of canned meat and pale vegetables on both.
25) 1) dialog: Two years worth of food down here and not a single piece of chocolate. Howard stands on a folding chair, his face against the ve
25) 3) dialog: Yeah, there’s no way a bag of chocolates would've fit in here.
25) 8) dialog: Thought it was poisonous outside.
25) 10) dialog: If this crap is our last meal, we need something better than water to wash it down. She crutches over to the wine rack and grabs a random bot
25) 12) dialog: Feel free to call the cops. She sets the bottle on the table, hobbles over and digs through the utensil drawer.
25) 14) dialog: (laughs) Then drunk driving saved my life. Otherwise I’d be a skinless corpse, right? (frustrated) Where’s the corkscrew?
25) 17) dialog: Most parents won't notice if a bottle of wine disappears, but they will notice a missing corkscrew. Michelle is breathing heavily from the lack of oxygen, bu little by little the wine forces the cork from the bottle When it’s halfway up, she twists it the rest of the way o She takes a moment to catch her breath, then fills her gl She goes to fill Howard’s glass. He holds his hand over i
25) 19) dialog: That just decorative? Howard looks down at his dinner plate.
25) 21) dialog: More for me then. Cheers. She takes a big swig.
26) 0) text: Michelle’s food is still uneaten but the wine bottle is h empty. The lack of oxygen mixed with the booze has her ti She refills her glass.
26) 2) dialog: Why keep all those bottles if you don’t drink?
26) 4) dialog: (sarcastic) Yeah, maybe you can tell me some day when we have more time. Howard shrugs.
26) 6) dialog: I can’t look at this shit anymore. Michelle, still tipsy, grabs her plate and limps over to sink WITHOUT HER CRUTCHES. Howard watches her intently as she makes her way back to table and sits down next to her forgotten crutches.
26) 8) dialog: Guess the alcohol numbs the pain. Howard nods dubiously. All of a sudden, he gets up from h chair and walks to the back of the room. He digs a small ring out of his pocket and opens up the locked closet doo Howard pulls out the shovel before closing the door and locking it.
26) 9) dialog: What are you doing?
26) 13) dialog: Is that your plan? Lock me up and keep telling me how thankful I should be until I throw myself at you? Well, it’s never gonna happen. (raises the spear higher) I won’t let you hurt me.
26) 25) dialog: Who?
26) 29) dialog: What the hell is going on?
26) 31) dialog: You know him? Howard nods, but not happily. He gets down from the chair heads for his bedroom.
27) 0) text: Nate strips off the suit. Underneath he’s only wearing a of boxers and few tattoos. He throws the suit in the tub. Howard comes in and starts running the water over it. Nate looks back, sees Michelle in the bedroom doorway. He hurries into -- HOWARD’S ROOM -- in just his boxers. Michelle can’t help but notice Nat in great shape.
27) 6) dialog: What?
28) 5) dialog: (to Howard, re: Nate) He was out there. He seems fine.
28) 7) dialog: (to Howard) This all part of the plan? You couldn’t convince me so you called for backup.
28) 10) dialog: You're both full of shit and now you’re sitting there trying to get your lies straight.
28) 12) dialog: I don’t know what to think anymore.
28) 18) dialog: Michelle. He reaches out and she gives him a half-hearted shake. Na takes a seat on the couch next to her still holding her h
28) 21) dialog: Nice to meet you too, Nate.
28) 24) dialog: Did everyone but me know the world was about to end? Howard stands, moves closer to them.
28) 28) dialog: Russians probably made it easy for them. 36.
28) 31) dialog: I didn't say I believed him. It’s just his story makes sense. Michelle startles as the ventilation system GROANS... the starts emitting a cyclical CLUNKING sound.
28) 33) dialog: Can you fix it?
28) 35) dialog: I‘ll do it.
28) 39) dialog: Shouldn't we try to help them?
30) 0) text: Michelle stands by the table. Nate comes down the stairs takes a seat on the couch.
30) 1) dialog: You really think he’d make you leave? 38.
30) 3) dialog: You'd let him kick me out?
30) 5) dialog: Something happen between you two?
30) 7) dialog: And you think... you think he’s alright?
30) 9) dialog: No. It’s just, he seems off.
36) 0) text: Howard gives Nate and Michelle a thumbs up as he rushes p them toward his room.
37) 0) text: Howard steps into the bathroom, takes the gun out of the trash bag and quickly wraps it in a towel. He throws the in the tub. Then he begins stripping out of the hazmat su Michelle pulls aside the shower curtain.
37) 1) dialog: See anything out there? Howard pauses, considers his answer.
38) 0) text: Howard and Michelle sit at the table as Nate works at the kitchenette behind them. Michelle fills two glasses to the brim with wine. Howard watches, a look of disappointment on his face.
38) 14) dialog: I do taste the raspberry.
39) 5) dialog: What was that all about?
39) 7) dialog: I know. He told me.
39) 11) dialog: Oh my god. That’s awful. Then who has his daughter?
39) 13) dialog: He told me that he has a daughter in Washington, D.C.
39) 15) dialog: Why would he lie about that? Nate takes the bottle, starts opening it.
40) 0) text: Nate sits on the couch, very close to Michelle. She holds nearly empty glass of wine in her lap. Her head bobs. Nat takes the glass off her lap and sets it on the floor. He turns and leans in for a kiss.
40) 1) dialog: Nooo... mmmmmm. Michelle pushes him away clumsily. 45. Howard opens his door, comes into the room. Nate breaks off from his attempted make-out session. Howard grabs some crackers out of the cupboard. He sits a the table and slowly goes about opening them, staring dag at Nate the entire time. Nate stares right back as Michelle falls sideways on the couch and passes out. Nate looks at her, then back at How Nate gets up off the couch.
41) 5) dialog: I think that stuff is seeping in here. Feels like my skin is peeling off.
43) 0) text: Howard sits down next to Michelle on the couch.
43) 2) dialog: What are you talking about?
43) 4) dialog: So he grabbed the wrong suit in the panic.
43) 6) dialog: What’s your point?
43) 8) dialog: Why don’t you just ask him?
43) 10) dialog: Let him in. 48.
43) 12) dialog: Let. Him. In. Howard gets up, heads for the stairwell.
44) 0) text: Howard and Nate finish their meal. Michelle stands at the sink, watching water drip from the open faucet into her e glass.
44) 1) dialog: It’s getting worse.
44) 4) dialog: (flirting) Can you please not do that?
44) 6) dialog: God... Howard’s stomach turns as he watches them. He pushes back chair. It SCRAPES loudly, grabbing Nate and Michelle's attention.
44) 9) text: Michelle goes through the process. Howard pulls out TWO wine glasses, sets them on the table Michelle pulls the cork out and puts the bottle down. How pours two small portions into the glasses.
44) 16) dialog: Maybe you should slow down. Howard pounds the wine.
44) 28) dialog: Stop it! Howard steps back, throws a haymaker. Nate ducks the punch and swings a fist into Howard’s gut. Howard GROANS in drunken pain. And just like that, the fi has turned. Howard has lost the initiative. Older, drunke and weaker -- he’s in trouble. Nate comes up with a crushing upper cut -- Howard stumbles backwards -- stunned. Nate stalks forward jabs Howard, follows with a right hook -- SMACK! Full impact. Howard's head snaps back, his body careens into the wine rack and -- Dozens of bottles SHATTER. Wine EXPLODES in all direction Glass rips through Howard’s skin as he tumbles to the gro Nate kicks Howard in the ribs. Hard.
44) 29) dialog: That’s enough! Michelle grabs Nate around the stomach, pulls him away. 52. Howard groggily looks up from the ground, encircled by br glass and Cabernet.
46) 0) text: Michelle sweeps up the mess. She looks shaken. Whatever t hell is going on, it’s getting worse and she’s starting t lose her composure. INT. HOWARD’S ROOM Howard is now bandaged up. He listens to Michelle SWEEPIN GLASS. Then climbs into his bed, each cut and bruise screaming at him.
47) 0) text: Michelle lies down on the couch with a blanket. Her spike tipped crutch lies on the floor in front of her.
48) 0) text: A GLASS held under the faucet, but no water comes out. Michelle stands at the sink, a concerned look on her face she stares at her empty glass. Howard walks out of his room. His REVOLVER is holstered o his hip. Michelle eyes the gun.
48) 1) dialog: It’s not working at all. 53. Howard comes over to have a look as Nate enters from Michelle’s room.
49) 4) text: MICHELLE -- staring at the yellow paint and large dent on old truck. Suddenly her blood runs cold as her memory kicks in --
50) 0) text: Michelle is blinded by the headlight glare in her rearvie She nearly veers off the road, wrenches the steering whee the last possible moment. The truck behind her HONKS again and pulls alongside her. Michelle looks over at the truck -- DENTED, YELLOW, OLD. Michelle's eyes flit back to the road, but there's a turn ahead and it's too close. The truck swerves -- is it trying to run her off the road is it just trying to pass her? Michelle overcompensates as she turns away from the truck her car weaves toward the edge of the road -- She slams on the breaks, twists the wheel -- The car SQUEALS across the pavement -- Michelle knows she won't make it. Her eyes open wide in p terror... 55.
51) 0) text: Michelle stares at the old truck -- the same one as in th flashback. She hyperventilates, struggles to regain contr of her breathing. She tries the door handle. Locked. A long beat of shallow breaths and then she turns and heads down the stairs.
52) 0) text: Howard and Nate climb out of the crawl space. Nate has a small pump in his hands. Michelle stands by the men -- a troubled look on her face
52) 2) dialog: Yeah. Fine. (changing the subject) What’s with the engine?
53) 0) text: Nate works on the pump. Michelle puts together another me Howard walks in from his room. He doesn’t say a word, jus pulls a bottle of wine off the wall and hands it to Miche She opens it. Nate fidgets with the pump, doesn’t look up Howard pulls out a single wine glass, sets it on the tabl Michelle pulls out the cork. It drops to the floor. As Howard reaches down for it, Michelle slips liquid Keta into his glass. Howard comes up with the cork, sets it on the table. 56. Michelle pours him a full glass of wine and forces a smil Howard nods, takes a sip.
54) 0) text: Howard is slumped on the couch, unconscious. Nate and Michelle stand over him.
54) 1) dialog: It was his truck. He ran me off the road that night. (shivers) He planned to bring me here. Guess he figured he’d at least have a plaything for the end of the world.
54) 4) dialog: He’s gonna freak when he wakes up.
54) 6) dialog: What about me? 57.
54) 8) dialog: You want to throw him out? He shrugs. Michelle shifts warily.
54) 10) dialog: I can’t do it.
54) 13) dialog: You’1l take care of me, right?
55) 0) text: Nate and Michelle naked on the bed, having the kind of wi passionate sex that only happens with the world coming to end. Michelle MOANS in ecstasy. 58.
56) 0) text: Howard on the couch. His eyes flicker open. He rubs his f Michelle’s MOANS echo from the other room. Howard’s brain slowly returns to consciousness as Michell works her way toward an orgasm. Howard reaches down to his waist. His gun is missing. The look on Howard’s face is chilling as he begins to pie together what’s happened. With one final SQUEAL of ecstasy, Michelle’s noise dies d And then Howard hears someone coming his way. He closes h eyes, feigns like he’s still passed out. Michelle enters and heads for the bathroom -- wearing onl her PANTIES. Howard’s eyes open to slits. He covertly watches her pass INT. HOWARD’S ROOM - LATER Howard sits on his mattress, propped up on his pillow aga the back wall. He drinks from an open wine bottle. Nate comes into the bedroom, the revolver tucked into his waistband in clear view.
56) 8) dialog: All you've done for me? You mean like running me off the road and nearly killing me. Howard’s face shifts through emotions -- lands on anger.
56) 10) dialog: I saw your truck. It was you.
56) 12) dialog: You have an answer for everything. But why are there always so many questions? Nate pulls back the hammer on the revolver. 60.
57) 0) text: Nate and Michelle stand at the door. Nate turns the key i the lock.
57) 2) dialog: First I’m locked in a cellar. Now I’m locked in a room in that cellar. Just keeps getting better. Nate turns on her, a cold look in his eyes --
58) 8) dialog: Morning... (a beat) If it is morning. God I hate having no idea what time it is. Nate opens the cupboard. Grabs a can of beans.
59) 0) text: Nate, Michelle and Howard sit around the table finishing their meal. Howard’s halfway through another bottle of wine. Nate pus his empty plate in front of Howard.
59) 6) dialog: About what?
59) 8) dialog: Why are you telling me this?
59) 10) dialog: You’re lying.
59) 12) dialog: Why would I believe you?
59) 14) dialog: Giving you the gun isn’t gonna make me feel any better.
60) 0) text: The door to the small bedroom is closed. Michelle sits on couch, anxiously picking at her fingernails. Howard comes out dressed in a hazmat suit. They whisper -
60) 1) dialog: If it’s all the lie, why are you wearing the suit?
60) 3) dialog: Are you coming back? Just then, the bedroom door whips open. Nate comes out, gun drawn.
60) 6) dialog: He said it was an emergency.
60) 8) dialog: I was scared. I panicked. Nate flicks on the overhead light. It’s working fine.
61) 0) text: Nate sleeps on the mattress. Michelle sits next to him, propped against her pillow, staring at the blank wall. She moves to get out of bed but stops. Shakes Nate. His h whips from under the pillow, gun pointed at Michelle. She flinches. Then gently pushes his gun arm away from he
61) 1) dialog: I gotta use the bathroom. Nate sits up. He unties the key ring from his waistband, hands it to Michelle. INT. HOWARD’S ROOM Howard snores loudly on his mattress. Two empty wine bott rest on the cement floor next to his bed. Michelle tiptoes by him into the -- 66.
61) 3) dialog: It’s all yours. She moves to slide by him. But he steps in front of her.
61) 5) dialog: Get out of the way.
61) 7) dialog: Get away from me!
61) 13) dialog: Don’t touch me! Nate saunters into the room. He walks right up and holds revolver against Howard's skull.
62) 0) text: Michelle stands with her ear to the door, listening...
62) 5) dialog: No! Stop! 70. Nate keeps his eyes on Howard, who’s kneeling on the stai
62) 6) dialog: Don’t do it, Nate. Nate pauses, considering... Howard looks up to him with pleading eyes. Nate pushes Howard back down the stairs.
63) 0) text: Michelle awakens -- next to Nate -- from a bad dream. Col sweat runs down her face. She shivers.
63) 2) dialog: Yeah. She burrows into his arms. He pushes her away, pulls off covers.
64) 0) text: Howard sits at the table, fiddling with the radio. Michelle walks in rubbing sleep from her eyes, she scans room, then walks into Howard’s room. A moment later she comes back in -- wide awake.
64) 1) dialog: Where’s Nate? Howard looks up, mulls over his answer.
64) 2) dialog: Where is he? There’s a long beat before Howard responds --
64) 4) dialog: How long has he been gone?
64) 6) dialog: Think he’1l be back soon?
64) 9) dialog: What? Howard motions around the cellar.
64) 12) dialog: Like what?
64) 14) text: It’s darker than that. And if you’re in denial... Howard locks eyes on Michelle --
66) 1) dialog: What really happened?
66) 3) dialog: Nate wouldn’t leave me down here with you. Not after what you did.
66) 6) dialog: (stoic) Howard?
66) 8) dialog: I can’t do it anymore.
66) 10) dialog: Whatever you're going to do to me, just get it over with.
66) 12) dialog: You told me the whole story was a lie. Then you begged for your life when Nate was going to make you leave. I can’t live with the uncertainty anymore. Or is that part of the game?
66) 14) dialog: So what, you killed him first?
66) 16) dialog: And you're like my father. He was a lying son of a bitch. Michelle’s lips quiver, she crumples against the wall. 75.
66) 20) dialog: (whispering) What if it’s help?
66) 22) dialog: (barely audible) Maybe it’s Nate. Howard nods as he slowly, methodically moves closer. Michelle gazes at the stairwell, unsure of whether to scr for help or heave silently.
66) 24) dialog: Help! Hel -- Howard tackles her, covers her mouth. The engine cuts out again. Michelle bites Howard, pulls free for a moment. But he pu her back and they struggle across the floor. And now there’s POUNDING on the stairwell door. LOUDER and LOUDER. Michelle squirms. Howard holds her down. He drags her tow a kitchen drawer and reaches into it. She bites him again but as she does so, he plunges a syringe into her arm. BANG, BANG, BANG from the stairwell. Michelle stops struggling.
67) 0) text: Michelle's car SQUEALS across the road... Her eyes wide in pure terror... And the car careens over the ledge, the back tires catchi and flipping it. It rolls to the bottom of the ditch -- a BROKEN GLASS and BENDING METAL. Then a sudden SILENCE as it comes to a rest. And the darkness is pierced by a set of headlights pullin a stop on the road above. 77. Someone climbs out of the vehicle and steps into the beam light. Then begins climbing down the side of the embankme
68) 0) text: She's upside down, belted into her seat, the door crushed her side, blood gushing from her head, eyes slit open in consciousness. A sudden SHRIEK from the door but it refuses to be opened Another, louder SHRIEK. And again. And again. The door is Slowly pried open. And finally -- the door gives, swings open, revealing -- HOWARD, standing above Michelle, looking down at her. The expression on his face is... hard to read.
69) 0) text: Michelle wakes up. Alone on the mattress where it all started. She gets to her feet, crosses the room and pulls on the d It’s locked. She leans in, examines the deadbolt lock abo the door handle. There are two flathead screws facing her. She touches the with her fingers... an idea forming. Michelle bangs on the door. She waits.
69) 1) dialog: Come on! I gotta use the bathroom. Footsteps approach. The lock clicks. The door opens.
70) 0) text: Howard sits at the table. He doesn’t notice as Michelle s a butter knife into her pocket. Michelle opens the cupboard, reaches to the very back and pulls out five bottles of wine. Howard sees them lined up on the counter.
70) 2) dialog: Nate had me hide some bottles. Said we should save them for special occasions.
70) 4) dialog: It's my birthday. Michelle starts opening the wine. Howard steps over, takes the bottle from her.
70) 6) dialog: You got some big plans that I don’t know about? She puts her hand back on the bottle. Her fingers slightl overlap Howard’s fingers. He lets go of the bottle. Michelle finishes opening it. She pours herself some. Howard puts his hand over his empty glass.
70) 8) dialog: Gonna make me drink alone? Howard keeps his hand over the glass, fighting temptation 79.
70) 9) dialog: Come on. One drink. That’s it.
71) 0) text: The second bottle has been opened. Michelle and Howard si the table.
71) 1) dialog: I don’t really like this one.
71) 4) dialog: Or maybe I haven’t had enough. She pours herself a full glass and tops off Howard.
72) 0) text: Michelle is on the couch, eyes barely open. There’s a fou bottle on the table in front of Howard. 80.
72) 1) dialog: (slurring) I miss beer. Wine’s too strong.
72) 3) dialog: And I miss Pepsi and Starbucks and lasagna and chocolate chip cookie dough...
72) 5) dialog: Uh huh. She’s fading. Her eyes close and she slumps on the couch.
73) 0) text: Howard closes the door to Michelle’s room and locks it wi his key. INT. MICHELLE’S ROOM Michelle lies on the mattress, completely still, eyes wid open -- sober and aware. She slips out of bed -- in complete control of her senses Michelle pulls the butter knife from her back pocket and approaches the lock. The two flathead screws face Michelle. The butter knife i just thin enough to fit into the grooves. She goes to work loosening the screws.
74) 0) text: Howard sits at the table and pours himself another glass wine. He takes a big gulp and shakes his head disappointe INT. MICHELLE’S ROOM - LATER The screws have been removed from the deadbolt. Michelle her ear to the door, listening to --
75) 0) text: Howard -- face down on the table -- SNORING. A fifth bott of wine is half empty in front of him. 82. The lock on Michelle’s door pops out of its hole. And the door swings open. Michelle hurries into the room and begins sifting through Howard’s pockets. She finds the keys and crosses to the metal door, unlocks Michelle pulls open the door and finds -- the HAZMAT SUIT along with the gun and a set of car keys. Michelle pockets the car keys, tucks the gun in her waist and grabs the suit.
76) 0) text: Michelle pulls on the hazmat suit. She checks herself in mirror and then exits.
77) 0) text: Michelle walks by a passed out Howard, heads up the stairwell.
78) 0) text: Michelle reaches the top of the stairwell and goes throug the key ring. BUT THE KEY TO THE DOOR IS MISSING. She frantically goes through the keys again. Still not th She tries other keys, but none of them work.
79) 0) text: Michelle returns to the bottom of the stairs and scans th room, looking for the key. Howard stirs, readjusts his head, but clearly he’s beginn to wake up. Michelle is growing frantic. She reaches down and slides carpet over, revealing the trap door. She pulls open the and climbs down into the -- 83.
80) 0) text: Howard stirs, lifts his head at the sound of Michelle kic the boards in the crawl space. He shakes his head, still asleep.
81) 0) text: Michelle kicks the boards again. They’re starting to crac and come loose, revealing the old metal vent behind them.
83) 0) text: A steady rain falls. Michelle comes around the side of th farm house in the hazmat suit, the mask is fogging from h breath. Rain patters off her hood. 84.
85) 0) text: Michelle comes around the corner of the farm house and freezes. Nothing she has experienced yet compares to the horror in her eyes now -- MICHELLE’S POV Mask FOGGED, but through it -- NATE, face down in a puddl raindrops bounce off the back of his head but it’s not en to wash away the blood, skull fragments and brain matter.
87) 0) text: Michelle stands in the rain, staring at Nate’s body. She’ barely breathing.
88) 0) text: Michelle spins the lock on the back door then peeks out t small window next to it -- Howard approaches, wrapped head to toe in the wet blanket Michelle reaches down to her waistband for the gun. Reali it’s on the inside of the hazmat suit. She grabs the suit’s zipper when -- 86.
90) 0) text: Zipper down, Michelle reaches into the hazmat suit. She pulls out the revolver. It slips in her gloved hands.
92) 0) text: Michelle tries to thread her gloved and shaking finger through the trigger.
93) 0) text: Michelle rushes into the kitchen, over to the counter whe she starts tearing through the kitchen drawers.
93) 2) dialog: No shit! Michelle flings aside a silverware tray -- she’s done wit butter knives. She rips open another drawer.
95) 2) dialog: You coming to finish the job. Howard steps into the kitchen.
95) 4) dialog: Trust you? You’re a murderer. 88.
95) 6) dialog: I don’t believe you. Michelle stops searching. She stands at the counter, froz but stays facing the other way. MICHELLE’S POV A refection in the rain-coated window -- Howard approaches her from behind.
96) 2) dialog: You can’t stop me! The blade slices throw the wet blanket that covers Howard he stumbles, falls to his ass, taking the knife with him. Michelle bolts toward the rear stairway. Howard looks down, a big slice through the wet blanket bu the blade only grazed his chest. Howard pulls the gun from his pocket as he gets to his fe
97) 0) text: Michelle races up the back stairs. A cumbersome task in t oversized hazmat suit. She glances over her shoulder. Howard starts up the stairs behind her, revolver at his s Michelle trips over the top step, stumbles, steadies hers on a large cabinet at the top of the landing. It wobbles against the wall. 89. Howard’s halfway up the stairs behind her. She tugs hard on the cabinet. It rocks more. She pulls on again. It rocks further. One more huge pull -- Tipping point -- The cabinet crashes down the stairwell, forcing Howard to retreat back down the stairs.
98) 0) text: Michelle hurries into the master bedroom. A cordless phone sits on the bedside table. She rips it o of its cradle -- but the battery’s dead. Michelle throws the phone. Moves to the window -- a two s drop to the ground below. Her eyes lock on the yellow pickup parked against the bar She opens the window wide. Rain blows in, pattering off the carpeted floors as Miche leans out and looks down at the muddy ground below.
100) 0) text: Howard stalks into the bedroom. He sees the open window. He crosses the room, looks out the window -- no sign of Michelle. Howard turns back, looks around the room -- The closet door is closed. The bathroom door is half open. Howard slowly approaches the closet -- He rips open the door -- it’s empty. Howard walks toward the bathroom. He pushes the door all the way open. 90. He notices the shower curtain pulled across the tub. He steps into the --
100) 4) dialog: Spare me your bullshit. I know you never had a kid. I also know you killed your wife. Nate told me. 91. Howard stands there, a forlorn look on his face.
100) 6) dialog: He didn’t run me off the road. He didn’t kidnap me and lock me in a cellar. He didn’t attack me.
100) 8) dialog: Stop with the fucking lies! You’re out here, walking around, breathing the air. You seem fine... I mean, except for the fact that you’re batshit crazy.
100) 10) dialog: You always have an answer. Howard stands there a beat, a tortured look on his face -
100) 14) dialog: Stay the fuck away from me. Another small step.
100) 17) dialog: I know it will. Michelle PULLS THE TRIGGER -- A bullet RIPS through Howard’s knee. He collapses, scream to the floor. Howard rolls around in agonizing pain. Michelle turns and runs out of the room.
101) 0) text: Michelle sprints toward the front stairs. She slows when she sees -- the entire stairway wall is fi with a collection of framed family photos from over the y -- different shots of Howard, a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN and a YOU GIRL. Michelle pauses, stares at them, a million thoughts rushi through her head. Howard’s SCREAMS snap her out of it. She continues down t steps.
102) 0) text: Michelle runs out the front door. She sprints across the muddy yard, past Nate’s body. She reaches the truck and pulls open the door. She grabs the from a pocket on the inside of the hazmat suit. 93. Howard’s voice drifts out the open window upstairs
103) 0) text: The engine ROARS to life -- Michelle stomps on the gas -- Mud flies across the yard as the tires spin.
104) 0) text: The truck bounces along the pothole filled driveway. Afte couple hundred yards, Michelle reaches the road. She pulls out onto the asphalt and floors the accelerator rain SPLATTERS on the windshield. She reaches down and turns on the old radio, scans the di but only comes up with STATIC. Maybe it’s busted. Michelle turns her eyes back to the remote farm road as s pulls up to an intersection. A sign directs her to CHICAGO: 25 MILES.
106) 0) text: Michelle comes upon a filling station. She pulls in, but closed.
107) 0) text: Michelle climbs out of the truck and walks up to the fill station door, looks in, knocks. 94. She walks around to the side of the building and sees -- TWO PAY PHONES. Michelle moves to the first phone, lifts the receiver. There’s no dial tone. She dials 9-1-1 anyway. Nothing happens. She picks up the receiver on the second phone -- same problem. She flips the lever, trying to get something. He gut is churning by this point. Michelle drops the receiver. She heads back to the truck climbs in.
108) 0) text: The rain has stopped. Michelle has driven out of the stor She speeds up a hill, passes a road sign -- CHICAGO: 10 MILES. The road is still completely empty. Just Michelle, the pi and Michelle’s growing sense of foreboding. The truck has almost reached the top of the hill. It’s cl there will be a vantage point as she crests. Michelle’s anticipation grows... Her heart thumps... Her eyes widen...
109) 2) text: MICHELLE -- not breathing, a look of horror on her face. Shock doesn’t even begin to explain what she’s going thro MICHELLE’S POV THE DOWNTOWN CHICAGO SKYLINE - reduced to smoking rubble. 95.
110) 0) text: Michelle stares out at the decimation. Her lips quiver. H heart pounds. She slowly pulls down the mask on the hazmat suit before taking a breath.