13) 0) text: The sky is pale and clear to the east as 300 Spartans hold rank in a field of golden wheat. Leonidas and his Captain walk past the familiar face of Dilios, who nods to his king.
13) 2) dialog: As you ordered. 300 with born sons to carry on their name. A Spartan named STELIOS (28), lean and hard-bodied, speaks up from the line of soldiers.
13) 4) dialog: Hold your tongue, boy! Or I'll take you at your word. Leonidas makes eye contact with Stelios, then points to a young Spartan, with the soft face of a child near the rear of the pack.
13) 6) dialog: I have others to replace him. (CONTINUED)
13) 12) dialog: He is as brave and ready as any. No younger than we were the first time you stood next to me in battle.
17) 3) dialog: No sleep tonight?
17) 5) dialog: Too restless... eager as a youth... eager as a beardless wet- nosed cadet for battle. Leonidas looks towards his men and then back to the Captain. They share a moment and nod, a moment only shared and understood by men who have given themselves fully to one thing their whole lives. Leonidas" voice quiets.
17) 10) dialog: A Persian scout? (CONTINUED)
18) 3) dialog: I put their numbers at around twenty.
18) 20) dialog: Quiet yourself. The Spartans and free Greeks move slowly towards the haunting tree. Leonidas stands without expression, holding the dead child.
19) 13) dialog: Well, at least we'll die with the stench of Persian whores on our cocks and the taste of Persian wine on our lips.
19) 15) dialog: An optimist.
19) 17) dialog: You do indeed. The burden of Kingship you bear alone, but our friendship we bear together. Dilios takes a few steps past Leonidas, following the men who head down to the sea, then turns back to them.
27) 0) text: Leonidas and his Captain watch as the Persian Ambassador retreats back to Xerxes and his legions. (CONTINUED)
27) 7) dialog: The wall is solid. It will do the job of channeling the Persians into the Hot Gates, and the rest of our defenses are nearly complete.
27) 9) dialog: None, sir. Atop the brown stones and pale ground stands Ephialtes, like a broken creature.
27) 12) dialog: Not one step closer, Monster. Ephialtes bows his head towards Leonidas.
27) 14) dialog: I'll skewer you where you stand! Leonidas lowers his spear in front of the Captain's chest, stopping him from advancing towards Ephialtes.
29) 0) text: Armor is lifted. Leonidas runs forward, leading from the front. The Captain and his 300 follow him down the broken path.
29) 1) dialog: Follow your King. Stelios lets out a battle cry that ECHOES off the steep rock faces on either side of him. Dilios and the Captain's son join him as they drop down along the funnel of stone.
31) 15) dialog: Shoulder to shoulder. The Spartan phalanx snaps to a perfect oak and bronze wall of defense. (CONTINUED)
31) 21) dialog: Hold. The Spartans brace for battle.
31) 24) dialog: Steady, boys. CRASH! East meets West. Wicker meets bronze. The Spartan line grits its teeth against the massive Persian onslaught. Thousands of Persians push against the wall of Spartan bronze. Sandals slide, plowing the earth as Spartan feet are forced back. A Persian blade draws the first Spartan blood, grazing across the shoulder of a young Spartan. He cries out in anger, breathing hate into the Spartan will. Leonidas strains as he and his men finally slow the tide of silk and wicker, steel and dark skin. They find a foothold that stops their backwards movement, and all at once a thousand Persian eyes grow large with fear as Leonidas lowers his body, pushes forward, thrusting through Persians two at a time. (CONTINUED)
31) 35) dialog: Push on!!! They push on, never breaking their impenetrable human wall.
31) 37) dialog: Push!!!! They push on... The Spartans gather strength from Greece herself, the invaders fall upon each other, one after the other. WE HEAR: The CRIES of men, strange tongues from foreign lands, GROANS and SCREAMS drift out and fall back to the lifeless bodies from which they came.
31) 39) dialog: No prisoners!
31) 49) dialog: They look thirsty.
31) 51) dialog: To the cliffs! The Spartan phalanx jolts too. Electrified, they push their burnished defense, relentless, driving over Persian bodies, grinding towards the coastal cliffs. Leonidas lurches, skewering another. The rear columns of attacking Persians begin to fold and fall away, over the high cliff's edge and into the sea below. WE HEAR: Gasps of men without earth beneath then, falling forms. High-pitched wails and caterwauls bleed forth and crumple back onto the force as they are pushed over the rocky line. By the hundreds they fall, embroidered tunics and mail jackets tumble, continuous and measured screams sing out as the Persians distort and separate into the churning salty grave.
31) 53) dialog: Hell of a good start.
31) 55) dialog: Tuck tail! The Spartans drop to a knee and cover their bodies with the bronze shelter from the incoming storm. The first wave of bronze heads sink into the ground around Leonidas and his men. Shaft after shaft rains into the Spartan shields, momentarily obscuring the sun with their volume. (CONTINUED)
31) 68) dialog: Settle down. Leonidas looks to his Captain.
31) 70) dialog: Recover. A cry erupts from the back of the Spartan formation. In the front position, Leonidas sees the mass of beast and men they now offer. His eyes widen to the sheer force and he sets his body for the impact.
33) 0) text: It is a vision of Hell on Earth. Thousands of Persian dead lay in heaps. The ground turned to mud by the countless gallons of blood. The Spartans work gathering weapons from the fallen and putting the few Persians whose injuries have not killed them, out of their misery. Leonidas and the Captain pull off their helmets. As they do, the Captain sees a Persian crawling among the nearby dead. He moves casually over to him. The Captain looks back toward Leonidas, tossing the King an apple. As Leonidas bites into it, the Captain puts a heavy foot on the Persian to steady him, then plunges a spear through his back. The Persian cries out, then dies. The Captain pulls his spear free and moves to the King.
33) 1) dialog: The Arcadians are itching for battle, sire. They're begging for a crack at the Persians.
33) 11) dialog: But, Sire... Leonidas smiles at the Captain.
33) 15) dialog: None, sire.
35) 17) dialog: Yes, sir.
37) 1) dialog: Our King! WE HEAR a ROAR so primitive it shakes the ground and ECHOES OFF the far canyon walls as the other Spartans sound off. (CONTINUED)
37) 13) dialog: Our honored dead!
37) 22) dialog: They will never measure as fine as this. The Captain lifts a red-hot iron rod from the fire's mouth and puts it against a young Spartan's side, burning, smoldering the skin, cauterizing the gaping hole without a sound or expression to fill the night air. (CONTINUED)
37) 28) dialog: Who among his legions will dare to face us?! The Captain throws the rod back to the fire and again a cheer from the Greek warriors rings into the night.
37) 31) dialog: The Medes and Scythians are in open revolt! Xerxes is slaughtering his own troops.
39) 9) dialog: Back to hell with you. Blood and terror pounding at the temples of the oncoming pack of Xerxes' front men.
41) 8) dialog: Break... Now! And with the coming magnitude of Persians, the Spartans open the phalanx and swallow the enemy whole. Leonidas is in perfect form, cutting the enemy down, each stroke and parry, a grace for others to emulate. His shield takes a crushing blow from a Persian battleaxe. He counters and yaws forward, surrendering his spear tip into the face of a Persian Commander, snapping it clean, he draws his sword.
41) 18) dialog: Astinos. Astinos looks to his father across the salient, the Captain locks eyes with his son.
41) 19) dialog: On center. They share a moment of praise among this tenebrous day. From the middle of the fray a PERSIAN HORSEMAN, clothed in inked leather and iron mail, gallops through the melee. He raises his sword and with one arc.
41) 21) dialog: Noooo! (CONTINUED)
41) 25) dialog: They all die! The Persians retreat back, with their treasure, a young Spartan face. The Captain's rage rises; he runs after the force hacking into the backs of fleeing men.
45) 50) text: My friend. Leonidas reaches out to his Captain.
45) 52) dialog: I have lived my entire life without regret until now... It is Not that my child gave his life for his country. The Captain shakes his head slowly from side to side.
45) 53) dialog: Oniy that I did not tell him that I loved him the most, that he stood by me in honor... that he * was what is best in me.
45) 56) text: The Captain nods softly.
45) 57) dialog: i Heart? I have filled my heart | with hate.
45) 58) text: : The Captain looks into the flickering flames and back t his King.
52) 22) dialog: Astinos... He exhales deeply and dies, his son's name still on his lips. Xerxes puts a hand to his bleeding face. Overcome, he collapses to his throne. Leonidas struggles to reach Stelios. The two fight on... side by side with broken blades and useless shields, hacking at the relentless Immortals. WE HEAR: A black and gold turbaned herald... TRUMPET! Through a horn of human bone, signaling the : Immortals to fall back so as not to be cut down by their own archers. Exhausted and mortally wounded, Stelios and the King crawl back among the handful of still living Spartans. Endless scores of fresh archers take up positions on hillside and boulders, surrounding on all sides that which remains of the Intrepid 300. Stelios, through labored breath, his own blood running into his eyes, calls to his King. Just feet away.