15) 13) dialog: This morning's full of surprises, Leonidas. His men look at the small Spartan numbers and begin to murmur among themselves.
15) 15) dialog: Silence. The men settle and listen... listen carefully to the words that will come.
15) 16) dialog: We were told Sparta was on the warpath! We were eager to join forces.
15) 18) dialog: But you bring only this handful against Xerxes? I see I was wrong to expect Sparta's commitment to at least match our own! Leonidas sits atop a smooth, moss-covered stone.
18) 19) dialog: We are doomed
18) 21) dialog: The child speaks of the Persian ghosts, knows from the ancient times, bound by the myth and magic of the night... They are the hunters of men's souls. Some of the Greeks nervously look at each other. (CONTINUED)
18) 30) dialog: They cannot be killed or defeated, not this darkness, not these immortals. Leonidas lays the small child's frame at the base of the tree.
21) 1) text: A Spartan points to the edge of a bluff just in front of them, the forest silhouetted by the bright sky, telling * Daxos they have reached the overlook they had ventured i into the woods to find. He crawls on his belly until he is next to the Spartans who lie at the cliff's edge looking down on the Persian encampment. Daxos' breath catches in his throat as terror grips him staring down on the camp of his enemy. WE SEE: the greatest gathering of men and animals the world has ever seen, for the valley below him, which stretches five miles across, bordered on one side by the | sea and on the other by the mountains, contains from ed j to edge a city of tents complete with roads that team with people and carts and horse and creatures no Greek eye has seen before. At the coast, countless thousands of ships are being unloaded and tended to. Vast legions of men march this way and that, the smoke from the tens of thousands of fires has created a cloud of black that drifts and clings over the nearby mountains.
21) 4) dialog: I saw those ships smashed on the rocks. How can this be?
21) 15) dialog: We are doomed. There can be no victory here. Why do you smile?
23) 0) text: Morning calisthenics. Leonidas leans on his spear, i watching. A summer WIND blows cool off the Aegean. * Bodies straight, teeth clenched at the zenith of a * military push up, they hold that pose. On each of their backs stands another Spartan with shield, helmet, spear and cape. Muscles shake and quiver under 200 pounds of men and armor. i Daxos rushes into the Spartan campsite. Leonidas turns | from his men who can be heard in the b.g.
23) 3) dialog: } A Persian General approaches. You | should come and speak to him. It : is our one chance for survival. The King nods slowly at Daxos. *
23) 5) dialog: You are the King. Your men are * t ill-prepared for the delicate { matters of state. I1 fear the | welcome that this ambassador will receive and the message it sends to Xerxes. Leonidas smiles at Daxos.
36) 43) dialog: Go! Show the Spartans what we can do. Daxos pulls the spear free and turns quickly, throwing his spear into an Immortal's chest. Daxos draws his sword, fighting on. Thrusting, jabbing; missing a parry, his arm is cut. In exchange, he plunges his sword into one of the dark horde.
36) 44) dialog: Call us amateurs, will they? TIME SLOWS. NO SOUND. SAVE THE DRUMS.
45) 12) dialog: Leonidas, we are undone! Daxos dismounts, dropping the leather reins and without haste, covers the ground to Leonidas.
45) 13) dialog: Undone I tell you! Daxos' eyes dart around the blackness beyond the firelight searching nervously the high cliff face and then returns to the King.
45) 14) dialog: Destroyed. Leonidas has heard enough and barks out.
45) 16) dialog: A hunchback traitor has led Xerxes' Immortals to the hidden goat path behind us! The Spartan warriors straighten to this news as if ice has been run through their veins.
45) 17) dialog: The Phocians you posted there were scattered without a fight. This battle is over, Leonidas. The Spartan King turns his back to the Arcadian.
45) 28) dialog: Godspeed, Leonidas. The King is ummoved, and watches Daxos leap to the bare back of the pearl mare. Daxos heels the horse's side and disappears. Leonidas wastes not a moment and turns to his men.