0) 1) dialog: Manufactured by 300 years of Spartan warrior society to create the finest soldiers the world has ever known, the Agoge, as it is called, forces the boy to fight... Time slows: Blood sprays from his mouth as he is struck again and again and again.
0) 2) dialog: Starves them, forces them to steal and if necessary, to kill. The boy stands out of breath, his body gleaming with sweat. Blood drips from his fists.
1) 1) dialog: By rod and lash the boy was punished, taught to show no pain, taught to show no mercy.
2) 1) dialog: Constantly tested, tossed into the wild. Left to pit his wits and will against nature's fury. Though starving and freezing, there is a nobility in the boy's gaze. Though his body shakes, his homespun tunic no match for the bitter cold, he is defiant. (CONTINUED)
2) 10) dialog: He'd survived on roots, bugs and rodents, and now he was freezing to death. It was his initiation -.. his time in the wild... for he would return to his people a Spartan, or not at all. The boy stumbles into a clearing surrounded on three sides by the stone faces of the canyon. He stands, peering into the gathering din. He grips the spear, lightly moving it back and forth from hand to hand. The spear is little more than a child's toy, a sharpened stick. The boy's eyes search the tree line, the darkness moves... shadow gliding on muscle and sinew.
2) 11) dialog: He hears a low growl. The hair on his arms stands up. Cold, hungry, defenseless. He is prey. It tracks the boy and he knows it.
2) 12) dialog: The wolf begins to circle the boy. Claws of black steel, fur as dark as night, eyes glowing red... jewels from the pit of Hades itself. The WOLF breathes in misty clouds, the swirling snow printed against its black fur. GROWLING as it moves closer, circling, hunting. WE SEE: The boy from between a narrow cut in the rock, just large enough for him to squeeze through. His eyes are calm. His body has stopped shaking. He sees the crack in the black stone, and turns slowly, almost casually, toward it.
2) 13) dialog: The giant wolf... sniffing... drooling... savoring the scent of the meal to come. Does the boy run? Does he cower? Does he cry? No... not this boy. He is calm. The beast pauses, loading to spring. The boy leaps through the cut in the rock. The WOLF pounces, HOWLING as it charges! (CONTINUED)
2) 15) dialog: It is not fear that grips him, only a heightened sense of things. The snow drifts around his feet. TIME SLOWS. The wolf's jaws GNASH! The boy exhales slowly.
2) 16) dialog: The cold air in his lungs. The leafless poplars moving against the coming night.
2) 19) dialog: His hands are steady, his form | perfect. The clouds part, and the just rising crescent moon, warm on the horizon, casts a shadow of the angry wolf on the cold rock. The boy sets himself, then strikes.
3) 3) dialog: So the boy, given up for dead, returns to his people, to sacred Sparta, a King...
4) 0) text: Dozens of SPARTAN HOPLITES sit and stand, transfixed by the agitated pacing Spartan whose fist is raised in dramatic punctuation. This is DILIOS (28), the storyteller. His gift. His curse. To conjure from his memory, from his imagining, that which men forgot, but need to remember.
4) 1) dialog: ... Our King! LEONIDAS! The men visible in the firelight, and countless others in the darkness beyond... POUND their shields in unison and cry as one.
4) 4) dialog: It has been more than thirty years since the wolf and the winter cold, and now, as then, a beast approaches, patient, and confident, savoring the meal to come. But this beast is made of men and horses, swords and spears. Dilios scans his audience. The light from the fire moves across the capes of crimson and helmets of bronze. Dilios is a grim orator. His scarred and ruddy face bears witness to his own story.
4) 5) dialog: It is an army of slaves, vast beyond imagining, ready to devour tiny Greece. Ready to snuff out the world's one hope for reason and justice. There is brewing anger in the eyes of his listeners. Dilios sets his gaze to the fire.
4) 6) dialog: The beast approaches, and it was King Leonidas himself who provoked it.
9) 1) dialog: The Ephors. Priests to the Old Gods, inbred swine, more creature than man. Creatures whom even a king must bribe... and bed.
10) 23) dialog: Diseased old mystics... worthless remnants of a time before Sparta's ascent from darkness... remnants of a senseless tradition. Tradition even Leonidas cannot defy, for he must respect the word of the Ephors. That is the law. Leonidas watches as the vapors engulf the girl. She begins to shake and convulse, her body thinly veiled by the sheerest of fabric. The firelight behind her reveals the beauty of her form and the tragedy of her plight.
10) 24) dialog: - And no Spartan, subject or citizen, man or woman, slave or King, is above the law. Then, through the darkness -- DRUMS! The girl's eyes roll back. Her body heaves and writhes. She moans and drools, her hips thrusting, her chest heaving. She -- CRIES! Through her pleasure and pain. The beating of the drums quicken, as does the violence of her rapture. Her veil clings to her sweaty form until finally she CRIES out! DRUMS stop, and she collapses. After a moment, the Ephors run in extinguishing the fires. One of the Ephors leans close to the Oracle as another pulls a wooden block across the sand, erasing the King's plan.
10) 25) dialog: The Ephors choose only the most beautiful Spartan girls to live among them as Oracles. Their beauty is their curse, for the old wretches have the needs of men... and souls as black as hell. Her breathing is shallow. The old Ephor can't resist letting his tongue lick across the Oracle's neck, tasting her salty skin, before he turns his deformed ear to her mouth, which whispers in trance. As he listens, he speaks in an ancient language spoken only by Ephors. She speaks as he translates. (CONTINUED)
10) 31) dialog: The King's climb down is harder. Pompous inbred swine... worthless, diseased, rotten...
11) 1) dialog: - corrupt... The Ephors kneel, running their hands through the great pile of gold. Standing in the firelight, is Theron. At his side, a large PERSIAN, his body crisscrossed with chains and giant locks of ancient iron, tosses a handful of gold onto the pile. . Theron turns to the Persian.
13) 0) text: The sky is pale and clear to the east as 300 Spartans hold rank in a field of golden wheat. Leonidas and his Captain walk past the familiar face of Dilios, who nods to his king.
13) 38) dialog: Goodbye, my love. He doesn't say it. There is no room for softness, not in Sparta. No place for weakness. Leonidas and his 300 start to march from Sparta.
13) 39) dialog: Only the hard and strong may call themselves Spartans. The King knows he will never see her again. He will never see Sparta again. They march on!
13) 40) dialog: Only the hard. Only the strong. *
15) 0) text: WE HEAR: the sound of twin FLUTES and goat hide sandals against soil. In silence, they march over the sharp rocks and earth, looming steadily, weaving a small shapeless mass of men North. DILIOS (V.0.) Lot * We march. For our lands. For our families. For our freedoms. On the broken ridgeline more men appear, other pockets of strong Hoplites from city-states that have heard the call to war.
15) 1) dialog: Noisy Arcadians greet us with noisy complaints. Leonidas leads his men and greets the Arcadians.
19) 1) dialog: We march... from Lakonia... from sacred Sparta... we march... for Honor's sake... for Glory's sake... we march... Into hell's mouth.we march. Leonidas nods to a few passing brothers, dust swirls as the Captain and his son pass. Leonidas and the Captain share a moment which causes the Captain to slap a strong hand on his son's back, smile at him, a father and son joined in battle, and then turns back to Leonidas. The look of pride still on his face. The Captain makes his way through the current of soldiers to stand next to his King, his friend. As the troops thunder past, the two survey the landscape for a moment, looking down through the Hot Gates to the ocean. Dilios stops and points into the far distance.
19) 2) dialog: Look! Persians! Countless Persian ships bob like toys on an angry sea, pulling down distant sails in preparation for a coming storm. Black bellies of clouds mix with the last light of day. (CONTINUED)
19) 12) dialog: Did you know the God King Xerxes requires no less than 8,000 slaves to move and assemble his personal compound. That the zoo of animals that accompany him consume over 100 tons of wheat, hay and meat a day. That their Persian war brothel is contained in over 80 tents and its number of concubines, goats and war boys outnumber us 3 to 1. And that the column of carts that bear the skins and barrels of fermented barley and wine is over 15 miles long.
19) 18) dialog: Come, let's watch these motherless dogs as they are embraced by the loving arms of Greece herself. Leonidas takes a look at the sky and then back to the Persian fleet.
20) 1) dialog: Let the others scurry for cover. : We rush to bear witness. The Gods play. Zeus stabs the sky with thunderbolts. Boreas howls, bullied... and batters the sea with hurricane wind. Daxos joins Leonidas and his men as they stand above the sea on the cliff watching as one after another, the Persian fleet is smashed in SLOW MOTION, to kindling. Below, another bolt of lightning briefly illuminates faces of the countless drowning slave oarsmen gasping for breath among the splintered timbers of the Persian Armada.
20) 2) dialog: Poseidon rises, rudely awakened, furious, his surf clawing at the stars. The RAIN POUNDS against Leonidas' shield like war drums as he drinks in the carnage below.
20) 3) dialog: Glorious. Behind Leonidas, his men laugh. Cries of jubilation are heard. The men embrace and Daxos raises his fist in * victory as another massive Persian ship explodes onto the rocks and again the surf surges made viscous by flesh and wood.
20) 4) dialog: Laughter, song and praise for the Gods that will continue to the next day's dawn. Then another flash of lightning as the men behind him dance with time suspended, in ecstasy of jubilation. Leonidas, jaw set, face cold, stern and motionless, says nothing.
20) 5) dialog: Only one among us keeps his Spartan reserve. Leonidas slowly lowers his shield, allowing the rain to run down his unmoving face. (CONTINUED )
20) 9) dialog: Only he. THUNDER mixed with laughter and the pounding sea. The distant cries of a host of drowning Persians. Leonidas lifts his chin in slow motion to the rain and closes his eyes, breathes the salty air and turns back through his men to the Spartan camp.
24) 1) dialog: Perhaps King Xerxes sent his General to negotiate our surrender. Or perhaps he wonders why he has not heard from his scouts. As they round the last bend, the Hot Gates still in the distance, they are greeted by two dozen dead Persian scouts. Each impaled by a spear so that it protrudes from his mouth. The shafts of the spears inside their bodies cause them to sit upright. The dead scouts adorn the rocks and dirt mounds, a signpost to the General that he is headed in the right direction. His handful of bodyguards are frozen as they stare at the gruesome display.
27) 66) dialog: For a beast approaches... savoring the meal to come.
28) 1) dialog: A force of men so massive it shakes the earth with its march. Brown bearded forms, chest panels of crocodile cover ragged men, smoothed leather head covers adorned with seashells and human bones.
28) 2) dialog: An Army so vast... beyond imagining. The Persians flow upward, through the valley floor and foothills of the mountains.
28) 3) dialog: Poised to devour tiny Greece. Like locusts the Persians swarm over the land, destroying beneath their advance all that holds life. Nothing is spared.
28) 4) dialog: To snuff out the world's one hope for reason and justice.
31) 36) dialog: Aaaahhhh! Dilios' jabs land, cutting into Persian throats, the cries of pain muffled as they fall under the trampling feet of Spartan advance.
31) 79) dialog: We do what we were trained to do!
31) 81) dialog: What we were bred to do! The Persians fight with curved swords, small war axes and hammers engraved with lions' heads.
31) 82) dialog: What we were born to do! It is as abstract as it is brutal. Persian men, torn limbs, unclothed bodies, crushed and bloody, wounded figures, empty hand-tooled saddles, beheaded camels, faceless masses clutching to breath and pulse, one by one falling again and again to Spartan endurance.
31) 83) dialog: No prisoners! No mercy! A good start.
34) 7) dialog: A voice as smooth as warm oil on well-worn leather and as deep as rolling thunder.
36) 2) dialog: They have served the dark will of Persian Kings for 500 years. Clouds roll against the quarter moon. Black banners * cover the sky.
36) 3) dialog: Eyes as dark as night. Teeth filed to fangs... soulless. The war DRUMS POUND like the heartbeat of a Titan. A river of black bronze surges toward the Hot Gates.
36) 4) dialog: Wordless, their form. Faultless, moving in such perfect unison. Each collective step strikes the earth like a blow from the Fire God's Hammer. They march! Feet pound the earth. Barely the feet of men, toenail- like claws. WE RISE SLOWLY ALONG the form of black armored skin. Muscular arms protrude from ornate plates inlaid with gold. Maybe ancient writing or design. Only dead men have seen close enough to know. (CONTINUED)
36) 12) dialog: The personal guard to King Xerxes himself. The Persian warrior elite. The deadliest fighting force in all Asia. One of the thousands turns TO us, scanning the hillside as his demon brothers pass behind him. A hiss of breath, he bares his saw-blade teeth. His black eyes, shark- like, searching for Spartan blood.
36) 13) dialog: The Immortals. A nameless Immortal at the front of the column holds up his fist and, as one, they stop. WE HEAR: The DRUMS FLOURISH, then GO SILENT. The Immortal lowers his fist slowly, takes a few tentative steps out of formation and scans the obstacle in his way. A wall of stone and fresh Persian dead, 20 feet high, that runs from cliff wall down to the sea. He stares up at the grotesque sight of his comrades. Something new rises from his belly, freezing his joints, making his breath catch in his throat. Something he has not felt in countless forays on the battlefield -- FEAR!
36) 14) dialog: Now, while we are fresh and at our full strength. Before wounds and weariness have taken their toll. The Immortal] at the front reaches with shaking hands to the two sabers slung at his back. Stepping slowly away from the wall, he frees the two long arcing blades and nervously watches the wall for movement.
36) 15) dialog: The mad King throws the best he has at us. Xerxes has taken the bait. WE MOVE ACROSS the faces of the dead at the top of the wall, until we COME TO REST ON the dull gold of a Spartan helmet, the unblinking eyes of Leonidas is hidden among the dead.
36) 26) dialog: Immortals. Well... As our King said, we put their name to the test. With his shield, Stelios blocks a blade strike meant for the Captain who flashes young Stelios a look before ramming his own spear through the attacker's eye socket. This is the hardest fighting they have faced. War cries howl from the Immortals as they battle the Spartans.
36) 45) dialog: They shout and curse, stabbing wildly, more brawlers than warriors. (CONTINUED)
36) 52) dialog: They make a wondrous mess of things. Brave amateurs, they do their part. STILL UNDER THE DRUMS. WE SEE: Leonidas pushing forward, muscles flexing, made hungry by the wide-eyed terror of the Immortals. They fall over each other to flee the attacking Spartan King. As the slaughter continues below, from the cliff overlooking the battlefield, silhouetted by the crescent moon, a dark figure adorned in gold watches as his invincible Immortals fall like wheat under the sickle of the Spartan phalanx.
36) 53) dialog: ... And a man who fancies himself a God... Kerxes' lips tighten; he breathes deeply through flaring nostrils, as below him even the war drums are silenced.
36) 54) dialog: .. feels a very human chill crawl up his spine.
37) 15) dialog: Triumph.
37) 18) dialog: True, for now they fear the night as well. Dilios moves with the shadowed light, in front of his brothers.
37) 19) dialog: Now, as we rest, the Immortals are crawling back to their master like whipped dogs. The Captain nods slowly and wipes the now cold blood from his hands with a captured turban.
39) 8) dialog: One hundred nations descend upon us. The Armies of all Asia. Funneled into this narrow corridor, their numbers count for nothing. They claw and dig into the muddy ground, barreling towards the Hot Gates and the awaiting Spartan line.
39) 10) dialog: The raiding party arrives, unfortunate for being the first to meet the Spartan Nation.
39) 12) dialog: At our wall of bronze and crimson, there is no retreat, there is no surrender. Only honor... duty... glory... combat... victory. They fall by the hundreds... We send the severed bodies and fragile hearts back to Xerxes' feet. Stelios rams against the hordes, cutting through thin tissue and capillaries, lashing out, moving in pace with his brothers on the steep slope. Tribesmen, tattoos covering their bodies, sling broken shards of glass and porcupine quills into the fight. (CONTINUED)
39) 21) dialog: When muscle failed they turned to their magic. But we were relentless... unstoppable... We were free men... We are Spartans. PERSIAN WIZARDS, draped in black velvet robes, throw clay pots mixed of sulfur, bat dung and ash. Its noxious smoke rising, obscuring the fight. - Dilios nails two charging infantrymen with the tip of h spear. Robbing them of any glory, any hope of tomorrow.
40) 2) dialog: King Xerxes is displeased with his generals. Xerxes' eyes blaze. Veins bulge in his forehead and neck; he grits his teeth. His rage spitting from his mouth, he commands the executioner, whose form is grotesquely muscled. Where his forearms should be, his flesh and hands have been removed. His very bones sharpened into twin executioner's axes. WE SEE: His arms fall!
40) 3) dialog: He disciplines them. And with time still suspended, one of his many disappointing Generals is parted from his head.
41) 1) dialog: Xerxes dispatches his monsters from half the world away. (CONTINUED)
41) 7) dialog: They are clumsy beasts and the piled Persian dead are slippery. The elephants lose footing, some topple, others shift in fear. A Persian meets his fate, skewered through a charging tusk. Others are tossed like a desultory of tribesman, off the beast and disappear under the charge of nations.
41) 26) dialog: The day wears on... We lose few, but each felled is a friend... or dearest blood, and upon seeing the headless body of his own young son the Captain breaks rank. He goes wild... blood-drunk. Dilios and Stelios follow him, allowing his frenzy to run its course until all the enemy life has been snuffed out. Finally a group of Spartans drag the Captain from the | field, his face twisted with grief, his tears etching | lines in the mix of blood and dirt on his face.
41) 27) dialog: The Captain's cries of pain at the loss of his son are more frightening to the enemy than the deepest battle drums. It takes three men to restrain him and bring him back to our own. The day is ours. No songs are sung. The Persian camp goes deathly quiet.
45) 2) dialog: Hardly, My Lord. It's just an eye. The Gods saw fit to grace me with a spare.
45) 11) dialog: He curses the Gods and mourns alone. Leonidas nods quietly. Daxos rides into the Spartan encampment.
45) 65) dialog: Yes, My Lord.
46) 0) text: Dilios and Leonidas stand on a rocky patch of land away from the rest. Dilios is confused, his face pleading with his King.
46) 1) dialog: But... but... sire... I am fit. I am ready for combat.
46) 4) dialog: Victory? Dilios shakes his head slightly. Leonidas lets the moment stretch, then smiles at him. He squeezes his shoulder and, nodding, lets him go.
46) 5) dialog: Yes, My Lord. Dilios begins to turn and then slows.
46) 6) dialog: Sire, any message...? (CONTINUED)
47) 0) text: A false dawn comes slowly, faint blue rising along coastline. Dilios has gathered his shield and helmet, cape and sword. He begins to walk back through the Hot Gates and away. He is surrounded by Arcadians, Thespians, Phocians, Free Greeks all. They mutter as they go.
47) 1) dialog: A handful stay. From a small rise, red capes and bronze shields watch as the Greeks abandon the Hot Gates.
47) 2) dialog: Thousands leave. Dilios can feel the eyes of his fellow Spartans and chances a look over his shoulder at his Spartan brothers, silhouetted against the morning sky.
47) 3) dialog: Only one looks back. The retreating Greeks continue.
47) 4) dialog: Only I. WE SEE: Dilios turn, within the river of men leaving the Hot Gates. He is near the end of the columns which wind away through the canyon. (CONTINUED)
49) 24) dialog: It has been more than forty years since the wolf and the winter cold.
50) 6) dialog: And now as then, it is not fear that grips him, only a restlessness. A heightened sense of things. The pitted and dented surface of the King's helmet. A bead of sweat rolls down Leonidas' neck. The hem of his tattered crimson cape pushed lightly by the wind, brushing a pattern into the sand at his feet.
50) 7) dialog: The sea-borne breeze coolly kissing the sweat at his chest and neck. Gulls cawing, complaining even as they feast on the thousands of floating dead. 10,000 arrows shiver under the tension of drawn bows. The razor teeth and black eyes of the Immortals fight and jostle to lower spears and draw sabers, barely able to contain their bloodlust.
50) 8) dialog: The steady breathing of the 300 boys at his back... ready to die . for him without a moment's pause. Every one of them... WE MOVE ACROSS the battered shields of the 300. Clear eyes peer from bronze helmets.
50) 9) dialog: . ready to die. Finally Leonidas exhales deeply and slowly reaches for his helmet. The Persian General watching, under growing tension. Xerxes rising from his throne to better see his enemy's surrender.
50) 10) dialog: His helmet is stifling... Leonidas' helmet strikes the ground bluntly.
50) 11) dialog: - his shield is heavy. Leonidas shrugs off his SHIELD and it RATTLES to his feet.
52) 5) dialog: His helmet was stifling. It narrowed his vision... WE SEE: The Ring's eyes. Calm, cold and focused on his target.
52) 6) dialog: - and he must see far. The Spartan King's muscles pull the spear forward as around him the Persian spindles cut his children down.
52) 7) dialog: His shield was heavy. It threw off his balance. Leonidas lets his spear fly as one after another, arrows settle into hin. (CONTINUED)
52) 13) dialog: His target is far away. The spear of Leonidas flies against the current of incoming arrows as the King cries out!
52) 16) dialog: The old ones say we Spartans are descended from Hercules himself. Leonidas falis back upon the body of another of his fallen brothers. He then pushes himself back to his knees.
52) 17) dialog: Bold Leonidas gives testament to our bloodline. His roar is long and loud. As Leonidas cries out in his glory, his spear travels silently out, away from the dying Spartans. TIME SLOWS. It soars in a straight line. Its shadow snaking up the ornate carpet of Xerxes' throne. The God King does not move. He can only watch, wide-eyed as the spear of Leonidas, thrown as his final act, grazes his cheek. A small spray of blood flies from Xerxes' face as the spear sticks into the back of the golden throne. The assembled host of Persian generals gasps in awe at the sight of the God King's spilled blood, divine no more. The unquenchable bloodlust of the Immortals rises to a fevered pitch as they bring to bear their entire arsenal of spears, arrows, swords and lances against the Spartans who fight on as they die. The Captain. charges forward out of ranks. Dozens of arrows finding their mark in his back and chest. Yet, he does not fall. (CONTINUED)
53) 0) text: At the edge of the city. Gorgo stands waist~deep in the amber hay, it moves around her, pushed and slanted by a late summer wind. The sun is low in the West. Gorgo has come to this spot many times. Her brown eyes scanning the low hills. A figure appears at the edge of the field. The light coming over his back as he moves toward her. His shadow loosely moves among the hay before him. He walks. WE SEE: Dilios, his battered form, a testament to his valor. Shield rutted and the cut bronze has peeled back to reveal oak. His helmet is dented and tarnished. The dried blood on his makeshift eye patch. He stands before his Queen alone. Her eyes a thousand questions. They share a silent moment of grief. She knows without word the fate of her husband. (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: Dilios still bloodied from battle, chin down, brow knitted. Lives each moment again. His voice ECHOING from the stone walls. Dilios stands at the center of the round room. WE MOVE: WITH him, rotating slowly.
54) 1) dialog: Remember us... as simple an order as a King can give. Remember why we died. The faces of the Spartan gallery are riveted. This is the very reason why this room was built.
54) 2) dialog: For he did not wish tribute or song, nor monuments, nor poems of war and valor. His wish was simple. Remember us... He said to me... that it was his hope should any free soul come across that place.
55) 0) text: WE MOVE: SLOWLY ACROSS a still life of death. Spartan brothers all lay beset with arrows too numerous to count. And as we hear Dilios' voice, we are reminded it is his voice which has lead us all along.
55) 1) dialog: In all the countless centuries yet to be... oie WE SEE: Spartan after Spartan, eyes locked in death stares, laying atop one another. Stelios. Dozens upon dozens of arrows pin him to the shield he lays upon. One clear eye peers towards the sky. The other put out by Persian spindle.
55) 2) dialog: + may all our voices whisper to you from the ageless stones. At the center of this scene of heroic dead, arms outstretched upon the blood-soaked ground in a Christ- like pose, lays the Spartan King. WE MOVE: SLOWLY UPWARD, LOOKING DOWN ON Leonidas, his body riddled with arrows.
55) 3) dialog: Go tell the Spartans, passerby... We CONTINUE TO RISE UNTIL... WE SEE: Ali of the falien 300.
55) 4) dialog: .. that here by Spartan law we lie!
56) 1) dialog: And so my King died, and so my brothers died, barely a year ago...
56) 2) text: All around the fire now stand, ready for war, capes the * color of blood, helmets and shields surround Dilios. (CONTINUED)
56) 8) dialog: Long I pondered my King's cryptic talk of victory. Time has proven him wise. Dilios begins to push through the Spartan warriors. They follow him from the fire.
56) 9) dialog: For from free Greek to free Greek the word was spread that bold Leonidas and his three hundred, so far from home, laid down their lives not just for Sparta... WE FOLLOW: Dilios as he continues, the sea of Spartans making way for him as he moves slowly, taking time to clasp shoulder with hand, meeting eyes with nods.
56) 10) dialog: ... but for all Greece and the promise this country holds. Shields are pulled aside and from a wall of fresh bronze, with dawn breaking in fingers of golden light, Dilios steps out in front of the Spartan line. He strides slowly with confidence along the barrier of shields. A forest of spears reach back into the distance, pointing skyward. A young SQUIRE hands Dilios his shield and spear. Eyes burn with battle lust as Dilios, never far from this tableau of Spartan bronze, continues.
56) 11) dialog: Now, here on this rugged patch of Greece called Plataea, Xerxes' hordes face obliteration!!! WE HEAR: A collective cry answering Dilios.
56) 19) dialog: Just there... the barbarians huddle. Sheer terror gripping tight. Their hearts with icy fingers knowing full well what merciless horror they suffered at the spears and swords of 300... a Dilios turns back to the line of men. It disappears int the distance on both sides of him.
56) 20) dialog: .« yet they stare now across the plain at 10,000 Spartans commanding 30,000 free Greeks. Again he is answered with a thunderclap. | WE RISE: UP FROM Dilios to reveal a sea of men stretching out over the rolling hills. Thousands upon thousands of Spartan shields blaze with the rising sun.
56) 21) dialog: The enemy outnumber us a paltry three to one. Good odds for any Greek. Dilios nods into his helmet. He takes hold of his spear and shield, melting back into the phalanx.
56) 22) dialog: This day we rescue a world from mysticism and tyranny. We usher in a future brighter than anything we can imagine!! Dilios lowers his chin, gripping tightly the leather on his shield and as one in rhythm with the flutes, the spears of the Spartan war machine drop into position.
56) 23) dialog: Give thanks, men, to Leonidas and the brave 300. | His eyes narrow, his teeth clench. Muscle and will become one.
56) 24) dialog: To Victory!!! WE SEE: The Spartan wall of death coming in full run. Crimson CAPES SNAPPING behind them, the GROUND SHAKING. * (CONTINUED)