22) 0) text: WE SEE: a form, half-man/half-unknown, who has followed Leonidas. Its hunched back, gruesome and abstract, face rutted and worn like leather. EPHIALTES moves with a broken gait, mouth shaped like a gunshot wound, eyes uneven, wild with determination.
22) 1) dialog: Honored father... Smile down upon me from your place of rest. This day your son will prove himself. Ephialtes' feet trample over the wild scrub and withered flowers sheathed in dust.
22) 2) dialog: I will show you that you were not wrong to protect me. I will show | you that I am worthy. Ephialtes stops at the edge of a high cliff, cupping his misshapen hand towards his face, inhaling deeply, smelling, questioning the air itself.
22) 3) dialog: Bastards. WE HEAR: the sound of TROOPS marching in the distance. A PERSIAN GENERAL carried atop a golden throne, surrounded by BODYGUARDS. He whips his slaves and pushes them on.
22) 4) dialog: Persian bastards! We'll kill all of you. (CONTINUED)
22) 8) dialog: We Spartans will destroy you.
25) 0) text: Ephialtes watches the Persian General and his column of men fade into the distance.
25) 1) dialog: Destroy them, right up their camel-callused backsides. Ephialtes spins and thrusts the sky with his. spear in mock battle.
25) 2) dialog: Blessed Spartans! The boldest of men. The finest warriors in all the world! He turns and opens his stride across the sharp rocks.
25) 3) dialog: They will accept me. They must accept me. Father! Beloved Mother! You will see that you were right to protect me. And now the creature runs. (CONTINUED )
27) 10) dialog: There is such a route, good King. Ephialtes lowers his bronze shield to reveal his entire body.
27) 11) dialog: Just past that western ridge. It's an old goat path. The Persians could use it to outflank us. The Captain steps forward and levels his spear at Ephialtes' frame.
27) 13) dialog: Wise King, I humbly request an audience. The Captain stands firm.
27) 20) dialog: There is nothing to forgive, brave King. I know what I look like.
27) 22) dialog: I am Ephialtes, born of Sparta. My mother's love led my parents to flee Sparta, lest I be discarded. [ My father became a shepherd... but he taught me the warrior's way.
27) 26) dialog: My father's, sir. | Silence lays between the King and the eager soul.
27) 27) dialog: I beg you, bold King, to permit me to redeem my father's name by serving you... in combat.
27) 29) dialog: You will see... Day and night my father trained me.
27) 35) dialog: To feel no fear... to show no pain... to make spear and shield and sword as much a part of me as my own beating heart. Ephialtes jabs his spear towards the Persian camps in the distance, breathing, growling at the imaginary men that fall before him.
27) 36) dialog: You see? My arms are strong and my reach is long. I will earn my father's armor, noble King... and reclaim my family's honor.
27) 38) dialog: I will kill many Persians! Leonidas stands, shadow towering over the warped form of Ephialtes.
27) 40) dialog: Sir?
27) 54) dialog: But I... Leonidas places his hand on the shoulder of Ephialtes.
27) 56) dialog: Mother, Father, you were wrong. Ephialtes turns away, towards the cliff's edge.
27) 57) dialog: You are wrong, Leonidas. You are wrong! But the King continues, growing smaller in the distance. Ephialtes turns and leaps from the cliff, disappearing from the high outcropping of rock, making not another sound. The Captain watches as Leonidas crosses the folds of rock, windblown brush, shade-dappled grass, fine as thread.
38) 0) text: On the shelf of a near cliff... staring down from the blackness and glow of the moon... Ephialtes tears at the red cape that has hidden his deformed soul.
38) 1) dialog: Gods... I still breathe. I still live. Gods, you are cruel. He rips the cape, it settles near his feet.
38) 2) dialog: Damn you. His crude shape leans over, looking down towards the Spartan campfires, down towards the distant warriors.
38) 3) dialog: Damn you. Damn you, Gods! Damn you, Father... Damn you, Mother... Damn you all to Hell! Ephialtes lifts his father's bronze helmet toward the faultless sky, inspecting the color, its worn strength.
38) 4) dialog: Spartans... Spartans! He throws his helmet to the ground.
38) 5) dialog: The boldest of men! The finest warriors in all the world. Ephialtes grunts in disgust to himself.
38) 6) dialog: Damn you... He turns his broken form and begins into the night, none but himself hearing his voice.
38) 7) dialog: Damn you all!
44) 14) dialog: Yes.
44) 16) dialog: Yes.
44) 18) dialog: Yes. The dancers reach deeper into the heights of their tortured bodies.
44) 20) dialog: Yes. Xerxes opens his impressive arms, extending his jeweled hands to his Greek guest.
44) 32) dialog: I want it all... Land... Wealth.. Women... and one more thing. Ephiaites shuffles closer and opens his eyes wide for Xerxes to view.
44) 33) dialog: I want a uniform. Xerxes folds his arms over one another and simply nods.
49) 7) text: Leonidas says nothing as Ephialtes pushes his way through the Immortals and faces his once King.
49) 8) dialog: Yield, Leonidas. Use your reason. Think of your men.