9) 0) text: Lit by the almost full moon, Leonidas climbs hard, with clenched teeth, the steep rock face inaccessible to most. A foot slips. Rocks come loose. His grip tightens and he climbs on, finally pulling himself and his sixty-pound leather satchel onto a small ledge where a cloaked figure stands. The WIND pushes and pulls the torchlight this way and that. This is an EPHOR, a priest of the old gods, deformed by breeding. His face and body are covered with boils and lesions. His eyes are bleached white under the hoods of black.
9) 2) dialog: Welcome, Leonidas. We have been expecting you. The FIRE ROARS in protest at the end of the torch. The Ephor turns and begins to climb an impossible set of stairs hewn out of the rock of the mountain. Leonidas shoulders the satchel and starts after his ungracious host up the stairs, which circle around a finger of rock toward a simple stone temple that glows at the summit.
10) 0) text: Oil lanterns cast a warm light on EIGHT EPHORS, all as decrepit as their brother, who stand around Leonidas as he hastily lays out his plan. At the center of the temple is a low stone box filled with fine sand used by the Ephors to sketch down that which is fleeting to man and even more fleeting to the Gods. Leonidas pulls a wooden block across the sand to smooth its surface. Then, with his finger, he begins to draw. (CONTINUED)
10) 4) dialog: You insult the Gods with your arrogance, Leonidas. We are not a council of men. We serve the Gods, not the whim of a King. Before your plan is heard, what do you offer?
10) 5) text: Leonidas is mid-line, drawing his battle plan in the sand. He looks up at the hooded figures. He lifts a finger slowly from the sand. He ducks the leather strap of his satchel and tosses it at the feet of the Ephors. The gold spills out onto the stone floor. Dipping his finger back into the sand, Leonidas sketches a primitive map.
10) 7) dialog: It is August, Leonidas. The full moon approaches.
10) 9) dialog: The sacred and ancient festival. Sparta wages no war at the time of the Carneia. Leonidas is desperate, almost angry. He searches the dead eyes of the Ephors.
10) 18) dialog: We must consult the Oracle. Trust the Gods, Leonidas.
10) 20) dialog: Your blasphemies have cost us quite enough already. Don't compound them. We will consult the oracle. The Ephors turn away. Leonidas follows them. Carved into the stone, under a domed ceiling, is an altar. It is a stage fashioned to look like the hand of a God. In its palm, a beautiful YOUNG GIRL moves hypnotically. (CONTINUED)
10) 30) dialog: Pray to the winds. Sparta will fall. All Greece will fall. Trust not in men. Honor the Gods. Honor the Carneia. Leonidas shows nothing. A WIND HOWLS through the columns of the open temple. He looks into the faces of the Ephors, then turns into the darkness and is gone.