16) 0) text: On the ground, simple oil-fed cauldrons burn bright, casting shadows that dance along the branches of olive trees. Gorgo meets with a Spartan LOYALIST near the garden's roughly chiseled steps.
16) 1) dialog: Is such secrecy needed?
16) 3) dialog: Don't worry. Leonidas and his men are strong.
16) 5) dialog: He will be stopped.
16) 9) dialog: I can arrange for you to speak to the Council. Many would vote to commit all we have and follow Leonidas, but you must show them favor, explain why their King would betray the law of his land. (CONTINUED)
16) 15) dialog: Is it recklessness or valor? Without reason the Council can believe either. Gorgo watches a Spartan guard on horseback ride out of the city into the blackness of night.
16) 17) dialog: Know what, my Queen?
16) 19) dialog: I'll bring together the city's council, and its chamber will be filled by your voice. The Loyalist gathers himself and readies to leave.
16) 21) dialog: Leonidas is my King, as well as yours. The Loyalist bows his head and goes without sound, leaving the Queen to view the stars that spread across the obsidian night.
32) 14) dialog: I was afraid you might not come. He stands to his feet as Gorgo approaches.
32) 16) dialog: Doing what children do best. Please don't apologize. Gorgo relaxes a bit, made comfortable by the Loyalist's manner.
32) 17) dialog: He starts the Agoge next year. That is always a hard time for Spartan mothers.
32) 22) dialog: In two days you will speak to the council. Gorgo answers quickly.
32) 24) dialog: Leonidas has chosen his battles and so must you. These two days are a gift. The Queen nods. LOYALIST i It's no secret that Theron wants 3 what you control. It is his voice : you must silence. Make an ally of him and you will have your victory. The moment hangs between them both.
48) 1) dialog: May I give the floor now, to the wife of Leonidas and Queen of Sparta. The Loyalist bows slightly as Gorgo walks towards him. She nods and the Loyalist returns to his seat. (CONTINUED)
48) 58) dialog: How dare you speak out in such a manner.
48) 68) dialog: This is an outrage! Two armed Spartan warriors now appear from a depression of the antechamber and flank Gorgo's left and right sides.