6) 0) text: No wall surrounds Sparta. The buildings have no flowered columns, no carved arches, no fluted gables, no recorded dates and wreathed tributes to the dead. No, this is Sparta. This is the simple elegance of an unadorned shelter. WE SEE: The mounted Persian column appear in the stillness of the morning. A massive black horse rears and drops its frame, dust curling around its hooves. A PERSIAN MESSENGER with scarred face and sharpened teeth of gold settles the horses. His 20 men-at-arms fill in along his side.
6) 1) dialog: I bring word from the Great Xerxes, Conqueror of all the world. The Spartan SENTRIES approach, slowly. One steps forward and sniffs the air, mocking the Persian force.
6) 4) dialog: Greek arrogance! It will be the death of you all. If it were not for diplomacy, I would rip the breath from your lungs. (CONTINUED)
6) 13) dialog: Show me your King.
6) 15) dialog: These Kings were busy men once. The Messenger kicks at his horse, holding the skulls and royal headdresses for all to see.
6) 16) dialog: Be afraid. Sparta will burn to the ground. Only the word of King Leonidas can save it.
8) 0) text: The Persians wait in the full heat of the sun, watched by Spartan guards. Free women and children pass the narrow streets, carrying electrum vases, all shapes and sizes of glass and terra-cotta water vessels. THERON, 36, a Spartan Councilman with noble features, a body of lean muscles and piercing eyes, retired from the battlefield for a life in politics, stands and speaks freely with the Messenger from the East as Leonidas and Gorgo approach.
8) 16) dialog: Earth and water! Leonidas narrows his eyes.
8) 19) dialog: What makes this woman think she can speak among men?
8) 22) dialog: If you value your lives over your complete annihilation, listen carefully, Leonidas. Xerxes conquers and controls everything that his eye rests upon. The Messenger throws a look to Gorgo and continues.
8) 23) dialog: He leads a force so massive it shakes the earth with its march. Its number so vast it drinks the rivers dry. (CONTINUED)
8) 31) dialog: All the God-King Xerxes requires is this, a simple offering of earth and water. A token of Sparta's submission to the will of Xerxes. Leonidas stops in his tracks...
8) 35) dialog: Choose your next words carefully, Leonidas. They may be your last as king. Leonidas looks away from the Messenger's eyes and scans the Persian bodyguards, assessing their strength. TIME SLOWS for our King. He watches the freedoms of his people. WE HEAR: The sounds of CHILDREN'S LAUGHTER. The simple pure life each have built for themselves. The words "earth and water" form quietly on his lips. He looks to his Queen, mother of his child.
8) 47) dialog: Madman... you're a madman! The Spartan guards quickly follow their King and hold their weapons to the Persian force before them.
8) 50) dialog: No man, Persian or Greek, no man threatens a messenger.
8) 52) dialog: This is blasphemy! Theron raises his hands in a desperate attempt to stop Leonidas.