24) 0) text: Persians advance up the primitive highway. The Persian General's gold litter, carried by twelve slaves at a dead run, suddenly slows as it approaches the Hot Gates. Fear grips the dark-skinned slaves who carry the General. More afraid of what they see than the General's whip.
25) 0) text: Ephialtes watches the Persian General and his column of men fade into the distance.
26) 0) text: Near the entrance to the Hot Gates. The Persian General half-stands out of the ornate chair, borne on the shoulders of bleeding slaves, to better see who among his enemies are gathered at the wall which now acts as a barrier, funneling would-be attackers into the Hot Gates. A large group of Spartans work at putting the finishing touches to the wall. Stelios puts a large rock in place at the top of the wall and, already sweating hard, glances at the approaching General who calls up to him.
49) 4) dialog: My compliments and congratulations. You have surely turned calamity | into victory. The PERSIAN GENERAL steps forward.
49) 5) dialog: Despite your insufferable arrogance, the God King has come to admire Spartan valor and fighting skill. The Persian columns build behind each other.
49) 6) dialog: You will make a mighty ally.
49) 11) dialog: Listen to your fellow Greek. He can attest to the divine one's % generosity. Despite your several 4 insults. Despite your horrid | blasphemies. The Lord of Hosts is i prepared to forgive all... and 2 more, to reward your service. Xerxes' throne rests completely and the Persian Lord sits knowing after days that he has the upper hand.
49) 12) dialog: You fight for your lands...? Keep them. i (CONTINUED)
49) 20) dialog: You fight for Sparta...? She will be wealthier and more powerful than ever before! Leonidas and his men are still, a solid wall of ragged warriors.
49) 21) dialog: You fight for your kingship? You will be proclaimed warlord of all Greece. Answerable only to the one true master of the world. Xerxes waits the Spartan reply, both leaders defiant in their posture.
49) 22) dialog: Leonidas, your victory will be complete. If you but lay down your arms and kneel to Holy Xerxes! The Spartan Phalanx is unmoving. Weapons tuned towards the Persians' divisions. They wait, their racing hearts, listening for Leonidas, his words, the fuel to their will.
50) 12) dialog: Your spear. (CONTINUED)
50) 22) dialog: Your spear, Leonidas. The Spartan King looks back down to his hand, clenched around the weapon. He slowly opens his hand and looks back at the Persian General, letting the SPEAR fall, landing with a dusty CLANK! He looks one last time to Xerxes standing atop his golden litter. Behind 10 rows of his bloodthirsty Immortals. Noting the wind as it dances with the black banners at the back of Xerxes' throne. WE SEE bronze strike the earth as Leonidas falls to his knees. His hands go to the rocky soil just in front of him. His head slowly bowing, his eyes close.