5) 0) text: Colorful Persian BANNERS SNAP! Pulling taut in the wind. The earth is overturned under the charge of the Company of War horses. ARCHERS, SWORDSMEN and SHADOWED FORMS. Riders all covered in thin patterned robes of gold and blue, embroidered silks, braided belts with long- shouldered capes flowing. Into the sunless dry scrub and wood where the path curves dark and cool they ride on... They ride on!
6) 0) text: No wall surrounds Sparta. The buildings have no flowered columns, no carved arches, no fluted gables, no recorded dates and wreathed tributes to the dead. No, this is Sparta. This is the simple elegance of an unadorned shelter. WE SEE: The mounted Persian column appear in the stillness of the morning. A massive black horse rears and drops its frame, dust curling around its hooves. A PERSIAN MESSENGER with scarred face and sharpened teeth of gold settles the horses. His 20 men-at-arms fill in along his side.
8) 0) text: The Persians wait in the full heat of the sun, watched by Spartan guards. Free women and children pass the narrow streets, carrying electrum vases, all shapes and sizes of glass and terra-cotta water vessels. THERON, 36, a Spartan Councilman with noble features, a body of lean muscles and piercing eyes, retired from the battlefield for a life in politics, stands and speaks freely with the Messenger from the East as Leonidas and Gorgo approach.
11) 0) text: Gold falls in showers. Printed onto the coins is the likeness of a Persian God or man.
11) 3) dialog: What of your Spartan Council? Could they not vote to ignore these mystics' words.
11) 5) dialog: You have only to remove the Spartan Queen and its heir for your plan to be complete. (CONTINUED)
11) 12) dialog: Yes, for when Sparta burns, you will bathe in gold. Fresh oracles will be delivered to you daily, from every corner of the empire.
20) 0) text: Lightning flashes across a violent sky, exploding the mast of a Persian trireme. The vessel is tossed on giant SURF, CRASHING it into the rocky coast.
21) 1) text: A Spartan points to the edge of a bluff just in front of them, the forest silhouetted by the bright sky, telling * Daxos they have reached the overlook they had ventured i into the woods to find. He crawls on his belly until he is next to the Spartans who lie at the cliff's edge looking down on the Persian encampment. Daxos' breath catches in his throat as terror grips him staring down on the camp of his enemy. WE SEE: the greatest gathering of men and animals the world has ever seen, for the valley below him, which stretches five miles across, bordered on one side by the | sea and on the other by the mountains, contains from ed j to edge a city of tents complete with roads that team with people and carts and horse and creatures no Greek eye has seen before. At the coast, countless thousands of ships are being unloaded and tended to. Vast legions of men march this way and that, the smoke from the tens of thousands of fires has created a cloud of black that drifts and clings over the nearby mountains.
24) 0) text: Persians advance up the primitive highway. The Persian General's gold litter, carried by twelve slaves at a dead run, suddenly slows as it approaches the Hot Gates. Fear grips the dark-skinned slaves who carry the General. More afraid of what they see than the General's whip.
25) 0) text: Ephialtes watches the Persian General and his column of men fade into the distance.
26) 0) text: Near the entrance to the Hot Gates. The Persian General half-stands out of the ornate chair, borne on the shoulders of bleeding slaves, to better see who among his enemies are gathered at the wall which now acts as a barrier, funneling would-be attackers into the Hot Gates. A large group of Spartans work at putting the finishing touches to the wall. Stelios puts a large rock in place at the top of the wall and, already sweating hard, glances at the approaching General who calls up to him.
27) 0) text: Leonidas and his Captain watch as the Persian Ambassador retreats back to Xerxes and his legions. (CONTINUED)
28) 0) text: And from the very sea itself, the Persian tents and rally-points empty and break ground. They charge upwards through the valley. They come in hordes, forward, fast, over the rocks and shallows, they race on.
31) 0) text: Leonidas settles himself as the rest of his men arrive. They form quickly around their King, quieting their racing hearts, and listen to his words over the Persian. juggernaut.
33) 0) text: It is a vision of Hell on Earth. Thousands of Persian dead lay in heaps. The ground turned to mud by the countless gallons of blood. The Spartans work gathering weapons from the fallen and putting the few Persians whose injuries have not killed them, out of their misery. Leonidas and the Captain pull off their helmets. As they do, the Captain sees a Persian crawling among the nearby dead. He moves casually over to him. The Captain looks back toward Leonidas, tossing the King an apple. As Leonidas bites into it, the Captain puts a heavy foot on the Persian to steady him, then plunges a spear through his back. The Persian cries out, then dies. The Captain pulls his spear free and moves to the King.
34) 0) text: A clearing between the Hot Gates and the Persian camps. Leonidas slows to a stop. His expression a subtle smile. A mix of amusement and disbelief at the display before him. For, wedged between the sea and the jagged rock face of the mountains, is a sight as impressive as it is absurd. (CONTINUED)
35) 0) text: On the flat steps, before the Hot Gates. Stelios and Astinos work piling Persian corpses into a great mound at the Wall of the Dead. Muscles strain under the lifeless bodies. The sun has just passed below the mountains, and promise of the night's cold is first spoken by the breeze which rises off the sea.
35) 15) text: Leonidas glances back towards the Persian camp, as a wind of dusk tosses crimson behind him.
37) 0) text: Dozens of Spartan campfires reach into a nigrescent sky. They burn bright, fueled with a kindling of broken Persian arrow shafts by the thousands. Around the fires, warriors mend their wounds with linens and oils of root and herb. They drink of red wine and recount with pride the heroics of the battlefield.
49) 0) text: Persian archers climb down the steep cliff faces and settle their bodies in perfect positions to attack. (CONTINUED)