0) 0) text: A Spartan boy of maybe eight is beaten by another boy of the same age.
3) 1) text: A Spartan helmet lands heavily in the snow-covered courtyard, followed by the thick-muscled frame of a SPARTAN GENERAL, who, after going to his knees, bows his head to the snow. Standing before him is the boy, draped in the freshly dressed pelt of a black wolf. As others enter the courtyard, they too fall to their knees, * SHOUTING! Spears are raised.
4) 0) text: Dozens of SPARTAN HOPLITES sit and stand, transfixed by the agitated pacing Spartan whose fist is raised in dramatic punctuation. This is DILIOS (28), the storyteller. His gift. His curse. To conjure from his memory, from his imagining, that which men forgot, but need to remember.
8) 0) text: The Persians wait in the full heat of the sun, watched by Spartan guards. Free women and children pass the narrow streets, carrying electrum vases, all shapes and sizes of glass and terra-cotta water vessels. THERON, 36, a Spartan Councilman with noble features, a body of lean muscles and piercing eyes, retired from the battlefield for a life in politics, stands and speaks freely with the Messenger from the East as Leonidas and Gorgo approach.
13) 0) text: The sky is pale and clear to the east as 300 Spartans hold rank in a field of golden wheat. Leonidas and his Captain walk past the familiar face of Dilios, who nods to his king.
14) 0) text: On a distant blade of rock, a LONE FIGURE, hobbled and bent, follows the Spartans as they move across the golden fields.
16) 0) text: On the ground, simple oil-fed cauldrons burn bright, casting shadows that dance along the branches of olive trees. Gorgo meets with a Spartan LOYALIST near the garden's roughly chiseled steps.
17) 0) text: Most Spartans sleep, huddled near each other, laying over their bronze shields like massive rag dolls of war. (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: As the Spartans and Greeks enter. Buildings still smolder and fall to ash. A complete wasteland, void of hope and song, filled with smell of slaughtered livestock and the dead.
18) 17) dialog: I've found them. A Spartan points to a massive wind-blown tree at the top of a hill. The Child collapses at the feet of the King. Leonidas slowly lifts her into his arms. He closes the eyes of the lifeless child and looks towards the lone ancient tree. Where VILLAGERS, MAN, WOMAN, CHILD have been strung out like Christmas ornaments, hundreds of Persian arrows pierced through their limbs and bodies.
19) 0) text: Leonidas pauses, watching the men stream down past him into the narrow canyon called the Hot Gate. The WIND HOWLS through the ancient cut in the mountains and the crimson Spartan capes... ... SNAP like flags.
21) 0) text: | A handful of Spartans moves silently through the misty forest at a pace impossibly fast for the lack of sound. No helmets, no shields. g FLASHES of red and steel between the trunks of mountain pines.
21) 1) text: A Spartan points to the edge of a bluff just in front of them, the forest silhouetted by the bright sky, telling * Daxos they have reached the overlook they had ventured i into the woods to find. He crawls on his belly until he is next to the Spartans who lie at the cliff's edge looking down on the Persian encampment. Daxos' breath catches in his throat as terror grips him staring down on the camp of his enemy. WE SEE: the greatest gathering of men and animals the world has ever seen, for the valley below him, which stretches five miles across, bordered on one side by the | sea and on the other by the mountains, contains from ed j to edge a city of tents complete with roads that team with people and carts and horse and creatures no Greek eye has seen before. At the coast, countless thousands of ships are being unloaded and tended to. Vast legions of men march this way and that, the smoke from the tens of thousands of fires has created a cloud of black that drifts and clings over the nearby mountains.
21) 6) dialog: We saw but a fraction of the monster that is Xerxes' army. The Spartan smiles, shaking his head at the sheer spectacle. (CONTINUED)
21) 16) dialog: Arcadian, I have fought countless times... Yet I have never met an adversary who could offer me what we Spartans call a Beautiful Death. I can only hope with all the world's warriors gathered against us that there might be one down there who's up to the task. With that he slaps a hand on Daxos' back and laughs.
23) 0) text: Morning calisthenics. Leonidas leans on his spear, i watching. A summer WIND blows cool off the Aegean. * Bodies straight, teeth clenched at the zenith of a * military push up, they hold that pose. On each of their backs stands another Spartan with shield, helmet, spear and cape. Muscles shake and quiver under 200 pounds of men and armor. i Daxos rushes into the Spartan campsite. Leonidas turns | from his men who can be heard in the b.g.
26) 0) text: Near the entrance to the Hot Gates. The Persian General half-stands out of the ornate chair, borne on the shoulders of bleeding slaves, to better see who among his enemies are gathered at the wall which now acts as a barrier, funneling would-be attackers into the Hot Gates. A large group of Spartans work at putting the finishing touches to the wall. Stelios puts a large rock in place at the top of the wall and, already sweating hard, glances at the approaching General who calls up to him.
31) 80) text: The Spartans advance with tremendous velocity, half-naked forms, red ribbons, brilliant bronze armor rushing forward without pause.
33) 0) text: It is a vision of Hell on Earth. Thousands of Persian dead lay in heaps. The ground turned to mud by the countless gallons of blood. The Spartans work gathering weapons from the fallen and putting the few Persians whose injuries have not killed them, out of their misery. Leonidas and the Captain pull off their helmets. As they do, the Captain sees a Persian crawling among the nearby dead. He moves casually over to him. The Captain looks back toward Leonidas, tossing the King an apple. As Leonidas bites into it, the Captain puts a heavy foot on the Persian to steady him, then plunges a spear through his back. The Persian cries out, then dies. The Captain pulls his spear free and moves to the King.
34) 33) text: Xerxes is afire, voice raised in contempt for the Spartan King.
37) 0) text: Dozens of Spartan campfires reach into a nigrescent sky. They burn bright, fueled with a kindling of broken Persian arrow shafts by the thousands. Around the fires, warriors mend their wounds with linens and oils of root and herb. They drink of red wine and recount with pride the heroics of the battlefield.
48) 0) text: WE HEAR: The chatter and conversation of the assembled. OLD SPARTAN WARRIORS, turned from using war to using words. A transition few are good at, but all carry its burden and responsibility. WE SEE: Gorgo entering from the carved penetralia. She walks alone into the acriform, chin lifted, hair braided, head high before the Spartan lawmakers. The ADVOCATES, STATESMEN, and PARTISANS settle into primitive seats that coil around the stone floors, thrusting forth a stage for the Queen to offer her words.
49) 9) text: Silence, save the heartbeat of the Spartans to his back.
55) 0) text: WE MOVE: SLOWLY ACROSS a still life of death. Spartan brothers all lay beset with arrows too numerous to count. And as we hear Dilios' voice, we are reminded it is his voice which has lead us all along.