13) 3) dialog: We are with you, sir, to the death. The Captain turns and barks at Stelios.
17) 20) dialog: Look, my King.
18) 1) dialog: What happened here? Where are the people? Leonidas scans the details of the destruction. Footprints in the wet earth, hooves of strange beasts, torn bits of a peasant's dress. Leonidas crouches, tracing with his finger the claw-like footprints in the blood-soaked earth.
18) 5) dialog: A child! The Spartans turn to see the naked form of a CHILD. A phantom, her thin pale body, covered in dirt and dried blood. The mass of Greek warriors part as she moves between them and stands before Leonidas in silence.
18) 18) dialog: Have the gods no mercy!
26) 0) text: Near the entrance to the Hot Gates. The Persian General half-stands out of the ornate chair, borne on the shoulders of bleeding slaves, to better see who among his enemies are gathered at the wall which now acts as a barrier, funneling would-be attackers into the Hot Gates. A large group of Spartans work at putting the finishing touches to the wall. Stelios puts a large rock in place at the top of the wall and, already sweating hard, glances at the approaching General who calls up to him.
26) 10) dialog: Our ancestors built this wall using ancient stones from the bosom of Greece herself and, with a little Spartan help, you Persians supplied the mortar.
26) 20) dialog: It's not yours anymore. Go now. Run along and tell your Xerxes he faces free men here. Not Slaves. Do it quickly before we decide to make this wall just a littie bit bigger. The General breathes a labored breath, swallows hard and narrows his brow.
26) 24) dialog: Then we will fight in the shade.
31) 64) dialog: What in the hell are you laughing at?
31) 66) dialog: What?
33) 3) dialog: (breathing hard) King Leonidas.
33) 5) dialog: Yes, My Lord. He breathes deeply, then swallows. (CONTINUED)
33) 9) dialog: Persians approach, My Lord. A small contingent. Too small for an attack. Leonidas looks in the direction of Stelios' spear which he uses as a pointer.
35) 0) text: On the flat steps, before the Hot Gates. Stelios and Astinos work piling Persian corpses into a great mound at the Wall of the Dead. Muscles strain under the lifeless bodies. The sun has just passed below the mountains, and promise of the night's cold is first spoken by the breeze which rises off the sea.
35) 1) dialog: You fought well today, for a woman. Stelios tosses the body he's carrying onto the pile.
35) 3) dialog: Maybe I was so far ahead you did not see me. The Captain behind them lifts two bodies over his shoulders and begins to move towards the youths.
35) 5) dialog: Jealously does not become you, my friend. Stelios throws another on the heaping dead. The two smile at each other. The Captain climbs onto the bodies of his enemies, one Persian over each shoulder, heaving them at Stelios' feet. (CONTINUED)
37) 16) dialog: Yes, the day is ours.
37) 21) dialog: Whom will Xerxes dare to send next?
41) 11) dialog: If only you fought as much as you ran your mouth. (CONTINUED)
52) 2) dialog: From behind the kneeling King, shields part and in two crushing strides, young Stelios leaps, spear in hand, from the cover of his Spartan brothers. Planting a foot on his King's back, he flies at the Persian General and, still in the air, he thrusts. Ribs part and sever. The exiting blood sprays into the eyes of nearby Immortals as the General withers under the blow. Leonidas snatches his own spear and, rising, loads for a mighty throw. Xerxes bares his teeth in anger at the defiant King.
52) 23) dialog: My King.
52) 25) dialog: It's an honor to die at your side. i Leonidas rises looking down at Stelios.