8) 0) text: The Persians wait in the full heat of the sun, watched by Spartan guards. Free women and children pass the narrow streets, carrying electrum vases, all shapes and sizes of glass and terra-cotta water vessels. THERON, 36, a Spartan Councilman with noble features, a body of lean muscles and piercing eyes, retired from the battlefield for a life in politics, stands and speaks freely with the Messenger from the East as Leonidas and Gorgo approach.
8) 2) dialog: My King and Queen, I was just entertaining your guests.
8) 33) dialog: We must be diplomatic. Leonidas raises his hand.
8) 53) dialog: This is madness. Leonidas has the messenger's heels hanging above the void of the well. The Persians eye the Spartans nervously. WE SEE: The sword lowering from the Persian's neck. Theron relaxes, thinking reason has prevailed. A warm wind plays against the King's robe. Leonidas looks at Gorgo, she nods, knowing full well what that nod brings to her King and Sparta. And with one great push against the Persian's chest...
11) 2) dialog: Leonidas will not march. The word of the Oracle is final.
11) 4) dialog: The members of that Council are as superstitious as they are old. Your gold is well spent. When I am made ruler or all Greece and Sparta is its capital, her people and armies will serve the God King well.
11) 10) dialog: You need not instruct me in the course of my own treachery. This plan was born long before Xerxes turned his eye to Greece. It rose from my hatred of Leonidas’ Measured judgment... It rose from my envy of his skill in battle... It rose from my lust for the warmth of his young bride. Ail the hate in my soul will find itself manifested on his house, and his victories, his love, his freedom, his very blood will lie in ruin at my feet. Theron turns to the Ephors.
11) 11) dialog: This is but a token. Great Xerxes gives his thanks, oh wise and holy Men. You are truly in the God King's favor now. The Persian smiles, his face adorned with gold piercings, his eyes pale blue.
13) 16) dialog: The law, my Lord. The Spartan Army must not go to War.
13) 24) dialog: What can we do?
32) 26) dialog: There's your mother. Gorgo turns to find Theron and Pleistarchos. Her son's eyes are nervous as Theron grips his shoulders from behind. Gorgo moves towards them both; Theron lets her son go and he runs to her side.
32) 27) dialog: You should keep a better eye on i him if he is to be King one day. i Gorgo pulls her son into her. Theron studies the faces of both Queen and son.
32) 30) dialog: It would be unfortunate if anything were to happen to him or his beautiful mother.
42) 0) text: A wood fire burns in the corner, illuminating the simple mason and beam ceilings. Theron and Gorgo stand in 1 conversation. i :| i
42) 2) dialog: I am sure of that. You have never spared words with me.
42) 11) dialog: A drink? Gorgo studies his face and with a laugh.
42) 13) dialog: I am sorry to disappoint you, my Queen. It's just water. He pours the water into two shallow bronze bowls, hammered with the images of a seated fox and hen. He hands the water to Gorgo.
42) 14) dialog: I am told you are going before the Council.
42) 16) dialog: Perhaps I could help. The two of | us standing together, the politician, the warrior, our voices as one, but what does your willingness prove? Gorgo takes a sip from the bowl and sets it on the near table.
42) 18) dialog: True. But this is politics, not war. (CONTINUED)
42) 22) dialog: Leonidas is an idealist. The Queen paces across the near window.
42) 25) dialog: Your husband, our King, has broken the laws. He has left without the council's blessings... I am simply a realist.
42) 28) text: Theron closes the distance to the Queen.
42) 29) dialog: You're as foolish as Leonidas if you believe that men don't have a price in this world. All men are not created equal. The Spartan code reinforces this maxim, you silly little girl. | Without hesitation, Gorgo slaps Theron clean across his | face. He is unmoved by the blow.
42) 30) dialog: i I admire your passion. But don't think that you, a woman, even a Queen, can walk into a council chambers and sway the minds of men. Regardless of what your king says, you have no power there. I own those chambers, as if they were built by these hands. He grabs Gorgo by the throat, she struggles for a moment under his power.
42) 32) dialog: I could crush the life from you right now! Gorgo searching the room, nothing, to aid her plight. (CONTINUED)
42) 41) dialog: You will speak to the council and your words will fall on deaf ears. You will receive NOTHING without me. Leonidas will have NO reinforcements and if by the Gods' grace returns, he will be jailed or worse. Gorgo looks at Theron in disbelief.
42) 42) dialog: Do you love your Sparta? Gorgo's eyes lock with Theron as she -- GASPS for air.
42) 44) dialog: And your King?
42) 46) dialog: Your husband fights for his land, for his love. Theron releases his grip on the Queen's neck.
42) 47) dialog: What do you have to offer Sparta?
42) 49) dialog: I think you know. Gorgo trembles, knowing that this sacrifice is the one Theron truly wants. She lifts her hand and pulls at the soft lace that holds the dress at her neck. (CONTINUED)
42) 53) dialog: This will not be over quickly. You will not enjoy this. I am not your KING! There are no tears. Gorge stands naked before Theron, as he begins to ravage her, she makes not a sound, not a move. She gives him anything and everything, but not her heart in the faint firelight of the room.
48) 35) dialog: Moving, eloquent, passionate. Theron rests his hands and scans the faces in the chamber in silence.
48) 36) dialog: Why do you waste the time of these important men? Gorgo turns to the arrogant voice.
48) 38) dialog: You insult the council, my Queen?
48) 40) dialog: What is your intention? Gorgo speaks to the seated audience with clear words.
48) 42) dialog: Course?
48) 54) dialog: This chamber does not need a history lesson. Gorgo watches carefully as he descends the stairs.
48) 57) dialog: You speak of honor, duty and glory. What of Adultery? His voice BOOMS out into the chambers and a hush is leveled onto the listeners. Gorgo's eyes wide, stunned by his treachery.
48) 59) dialog: How dare I? Gorgo studies the room, quickly searching out friend or foe.
48) 60) dialog: Watch her carefully, she is a trickster in true form. He narrows his attack. (CONTINUED)
48) 66) dialog: Do not play with the members of this sacred room, my Queen. Just hours ago you lay with me. The chambers go wild at his telling.
48) 67) dialog: I have your scent on me still. i
48) 69) dialog: You look shocked. A bribe of flesh I was given while her husband promotes anarchy and war.
48) 71) dialog: Words escape even the cleverest tongue, my little whore Queen. Gorgo's eyes burn with fire fed from the pit of her stomach.
48) 73) dialog: What Queen-like behavior. They hold her back, as she pulls at their arms, struggling to free herself. The room watches, frozen by the spectacle before them. aecsngoets
48) 75) dialog: Remove her from the chamber before * she infects her son with her inglorious and shabby self. (CONTINUED)