27) 0) text: Leonidas and his Captain watch as the Persian Ambassador retreats back to Xerxes and his legions. (CONTINUED)
34) 8) dialog: Come, Leonidas. Let us reason together. Xerxes glides on powerful legs as Leonidas stands next to him.
34) 9) dialog: It would be a regrettable waste... it would be nothing short of madness were you, brave king, and your valiant troops to perish all because of a simple misunderstanding.
34) 11) dialog: Brave words. Spartan words. I admire you. The strength and honor of your soldiers, their fierce devotion. There is much our cultures could share.
34) 18) text: Leonidas looks up at Xerxes.
34) 21) dialog: Consider the fate of your women.
34) 23) text: Leonidas turns away from Xerxes and scans the hillside. Rocks fall in a cascade from a nearby cut in the cliff. Xerxes gently puts his hands on Leonidas’ shoulder.
34) 30) dialog: You sadden me, Leonidas. For as I am reasonable, so am I vicious, and as I am generous, so am I wrathful.
34) 31) text: 1 Xerxes' body tenses under the weight of diplomatic word
34) 32) dialog: There will be no glory in your sacrifice. I will erase the memory of Sparta from the histories. Every piece of Greek parchment shall be burned. Every Greek historian and every scribe shall have their eyes put out and their tongues cut from their mouths.
34) 33) text: Xerxes is afire, voice raised in contempt for the Spartan King.
34) 34) dialog: Why, uttering the very name of Sparta or Leonidas will be punishable by death. The world will never know you existed at all. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: In front of Xerxes' myriad tents, a long line of his Generals wait.
43) 0) text: A perimeter of tribes surround the sanctuary of their God, Xerxes. Foot soldiers sharpen their weapons near a stable of warhorses. Castaways and penniless slaves roam the night for their masters, a makeshift world of chaos at the edge of the sea.
44) 0) text: WE HEAR: The FAINT CRIES, erotic WAILS, with the SOFT DRUMMING. A goat-headed minstrel plays the sitar. Others smoke from pipes of octopus skin and listen to the reed instruments of the East. This is a different world. A world of fine silk walls, rugs from the Orient, soft pillows, towers of honeycombed candles. Incense burns and hangs in tooled copper baskets. A procession of slave girls, all near naked, sheer gauze and jeweled bodies, dance for Xerxes in the faint light.
44) 1) dialog: Your Gods were cruel to shape you so, friend Ephialtes. Under a canopy of soft light, Ephialtes moves from the shadows.
44) 2) dialog: But I am kind. Xerxes on a marble pedestal, adorned in rare diamonds and emeralds from lands far from where he now stands.
44) 3) dialog: Everything you could ever desire. Concubines of all shapes, colors and nations are brought forth for Ephialtes. (CONTINUED)
44) 11) dialog: Every happiness you can imagine. Ephialtes squints his one blue eye at the spectacle.
44) 13) dialog: I will grant you... for I am kind. Ephialtes wipes the drool, the sheer temptation from his lips and speaks.
44) 15) dialog: Embrace me as your King and as your God.
44) 19) dialog: Your joys will be endless.
44) 21) dialog: You will create your destiny. The dancers have now thinned into the b.g. The MUSIC softens and DRIFTS AWAY. Now there is only the God King and the Quasimodo named Ephialtes. (CONTINUED)
44) 34) dialog: Done. Ephiaites takes a deep breath, as if to breathe in his newfound wealth and treasures.
44) 35) dialog: You will find... I am kind... Unlike the cruel Leonidas who demanded that you stand. I require only that you kneel. And with those words, Ephialtes lowers his warped body, head following his hands, crumpling his weight down to both knees and bows before Xerxes without more celebration or thought.
52) 3) dialog: Slaughter them!!! The air goes thick with wood shafts, feathers and steel.