0) 3) dialog: ...hundred thousand streets in this city, you don't need to know the route. You give me a time and place, I give you a five minute window. Those five minutes I'm yours. Whatever goes down I'm yours. Minute either side you're on your own...
1) 3) dialog: ...One last thing. You won't be able to reach me at this number again...
4) 1) text: Clutching his duffel bag Driver heads towards the car par elevator. Hurrying out in the opposite direction he sees pretty GIRL in her 20's wearing a waitress outfit. Their meet briefly, before Driver walks on. 
5) 1) text: Driver heads down the hallway and unlocks the door to his apartment. It's not all that different from his last one. sparse, and anonymous. He doesn't even bother to walk in. tosses his duffel bag inside and locks the door again. 
5) 3) text: Driver's back on the road, the basketball game still play the radio. He drives past a row of brightly lit Mexican f shacks on Silver Lake Boulevard and turns into a run down lit up with a neon sign - Shannon's Picture Car Warehouse vintage cars. 
6) 2) text: ...Plain Jane cheap like you asked for but with a hundred and sixty horsepower inside. You get any sleep?  DRIVER
6) 5) text: I can offer you some Halcyon.  DRIVER
6) 9) text: Driver casts his eyes over the unimpressive vehicle then out his hand for the keys. 3 9/24/10    
6) 11) text: The basketball game is approaching the end of the third q Driver's behind the wheel of the Impala now, cruising pas of dingy toy stores on 3rd Street. He glances at his watc 9:50. He checks his mirror then turns into a side street. 
6) 13) text: A vast electronics superstore dominates the deserted stre Under the pale yellow glow of the street lamps, Driver se signs advertising a `huge blow out weekend sale'. He pull making sure he has a good view of the entrance. On the ra the basketball commentator is getting more excited.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
6) 15) text: Driver reaches under the seat and pulls out a small handh scanner. He switches it on, tuning it to the right freque Crackling police dispatches are interspersed with the bas commentary now.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 18) text: Out of the corner of his eye Driver sees two MEN approach doesn't react, expecting them. They cut through the fence bolt cutters and approach the main building. Driver watch pull on their masks, then one of them takes out a shotgun blasts the lock to the front door. Instantly the alarm sh The only thing Driver does is to turn on his stop watch.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
6) 21) text: The storefront is hidden in shadow, impossible to tell wh going on inside. Driver looks at his stop watch. Almost t minutes. One of the masked men emerges now, carrying a du bag. He hurries over and gets in the back of Driver's car without a word. There's no sign of the other robber.    (CONTINUED) 4 9/24/10 11 CONTINUED: 11 
6) 23) text: Driver doesn't betray a hint of nerves. Four and half min his stop watch. Thirty seconds more and he's on his way. 
6) 24) text: Suddenly the second robber appears from the shadows, runn fast as he can to the getaway car. He jumps into the back few seconds short of five minutes and Driver screeches of 
6) 26) text: Driver thunders over the 1st Street bridge towards Boyle Heights, then eases his foot off the gas, slowing to a st speed. In the back seat the two armed robbers rip off the masks, looking pumped up with adrenalin. Driver studies t his rear view mirror, then swerves right on Mission Stree his police scanner crackles to life.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 28) text: Driver swings sharply into 4th Street now, crossing the L River again, heading back in the same direction he came.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 30) text: Up ahead, the lights of Downtown L.A. glitter against the sky. Hovering between the neon green glow of the skyscrap Driver sees the red and white glint of a police helicopte switches off his headlights, turning left on Santa Fe Ave 
6) 32) text: The armed robbers watch in tense silence as Driver weaves out of the industrial alleyways with his lights switched It's as if he's trying to find his way out of the maze or probing to see if there's anyone out there.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 37) text: It's a high-risk strategy but Driver follows the black-an at a distance, hidden in the darkness, knowing other squa won't be checking the same route. The police car makes it through the dimly lit industrial zone, unaware it's being shadowed. Driver turns his car radio up a whisper.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
6) 39) text: Driver turns the sound back down. Up ahead, the police ca swings left, disappearing from view. Driver slows down to anticipating the next obstacle. He doesn't have long to w the distance he suddenly sees the piercing beam of a poli chopper's search-lights, sweeping the area one more time. 
6) 40) text: Driver floors the gas, speeding straight towards the appr helicopter. The armed robbers are too stunned to protest. just sit there, watching the sweeping searchlights gettin closer and closer. 
6) 41) text: Then suddenly it becomes clear what Driver's doing. Up ah there's a small underpass below the 7th Street bridge. Dr slides the car under the safety of the bridge just before chopper's searchlights spot them. 
6) 43) text: The roar of the helicopter thunders overhead. The underpa crammed with dirty mattresses and shopping carts. Sleepin can be seen under dirty blankets. Driver waits for the ec the helicopter to fade, then moves forward again. 
6) 45) text: Gloomy yellow street-lamps shine down on the industrial z Rows of delivery trucks are parked outside the meat-packi factories. Driver cruises cautiously down the deserted st The crackling of the police scanner and the droning of th basketball commentary add to the tension. Finally up ahea sees car-lights streaming back and forth on Broadway.  DRIVER
6) 49) text: There's a steady flow of traffic on Broadway. Driver fall behind the other cars. On the radio, the basketball game still playing.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
6) 51) text: The passing head-lamps light up Driver's face. There's no trace of emotion in his eyes -- even when he spots a patr approaching in the opposite direction.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
6) 53) text: The two cars pass each other slowly. Driver sees the cops Black-and-White peering at the Impala as they head past. turns down the basketball game and focuses on the scanner  POLICE SCANNER
6) 57) text: As soon as he hears this Driver swerves sharply into the street. 
6) 59) text: Driver guns around the block now, building up speed.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 62) text: Driver bursts out onto Pico now. A squad car headed in th opposite direction slows down as it sees him but is caugh the flow of traffic, unable to turn round and give chase.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 64) text: Driver threads his way through the vehicles in front of h smooth and effortless it's hard to tell how fast he's goi glances up as he hears the dull rumble of a police choppe overhead. The helicopter is almost directly above him, sw its search-beam back and forth to get a lock on his posit 
6) 65) text: Driver pushes the car as fast as it will go, but there's of outrunning the chopper. Blue light floods the asphalt him as he guns down Figueroa.  POLICE SCANNER
6) 67) text: Even now Driver doesn't panic, turning his attention back basketball game.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
6) 69) text: Driver swerves sharply towards the sparkling lights of th Staples Centre. 
6) 71) text: The terraced parking lot looms up ahead. A sign above the barrier says `Season Ticket Holders Only'. Driver punches ticket and roars into the parking lot. 
7) 1) text: The Impala screeches from one level to the next. With a g going on, the parking lot is almost full. Finally Driver into a free parking space.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
7) 3) text: Driver glances in his side mirror. Behind him, dozens of are already streaming out into the parking lot before the is over, hoping to avoid the inevitable traffic.  (CONTINUED) 8 9/24/10 21 CONTINUED: 21  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
7) 5) text: The jubilant commentary continues, but Driver isn't liste anymore. The game has served its purpose. More fans flood the parking lot. Dozens of cars pull out of their places.  BASKETBALL COMMENTARY
7) 7) text: Driver glances at the armed robbers and nods. It's time. climb out of the car, merging in with the crowd. Driver w them disappear, then slips on a Clippers cap, climbs out Impala himself and heads towards another car. 
8) 1) text: Outside the parking lot, the police are waiting, stopping anything that looks like an Impala, shining their flashli into the windows. Wearing his Clippers cap and a Clippers sticker on his new car, Driver calmly drives past them, m his getaway.  DISSOLVE TO: 
9) 1) text: Driver's face is fixed ahead, sunglasses hiding his eyes. PULL OUT we see to our surprise that he's wearing a polic uniform. It's only as we pull out further that we see sev other `POLICE OFFICERS' sitting in the same fold up chair reading car magazines and scripts as they're powdered by GIRLS, and realize we're on a movie set. 
9) 2) text: Driver glances up from his script and sees another STUNTM being fitted with an SFX mask. The stuntman now looks ide to the STAR of the movie who stands nearby. 
9) 4) text: Driver takes the form along with all the other stuntmen a signs it without a glance. 
10) 3) text: Driver heads off, disinterested in the negotiations.  SHANNON
11) 1) text: Driver approaches a buffet table laid out with food. He's to help himself when JACK, the caterer, stops him.  JACK
11) 4) text: Driver sits at the wheel of the Black-and-White while a S SUPERVISOR checks his harness. Shannon leans into the win with a smile.  SHANNON
11) 6) text: Driver doesn't seem to care, focussed on the job. 
11) 11) text: Driver floors the gas, screeching out of the alleyway. He swerves between several oil drums then straightens up on main road. 
11) 13) text: Driver slows to forty, like he's supposed to, but the bla Charger keeps coming at speed. 
11) 14) text: Driver's eyes stay fixed on his rear view mirror, judging other car's speed and angle of approach to perfection. 
11) 15) text: The Charger slams into the back of Driver's car at sixty an hour, hitting him just above the left rear wheel. 
11) 16) text: Driver's reactions are quick as lightning, counter-steeri his Black-and-White goes careening off the road. He keeps car upright long enough to slow it down before it finally end over end. 
11) 19) text: Some clapping and cheering breaks out, but most the crew couldn't care less, returning to their cell-phones and sh lists. Only Shannon seems interested in Driver, limping o helping him out of his battered Black-and-White.  SHANNON
11) 21) text: Driver spits out some fake candyglass from the shattered windscreen. 
12) 12) text: Doesn't have to be. The big money teams burn through three, four million a year but that's `cause they're using half a dozen test drivers and a stable of cars.  BERNIE ROSE
12) 27) text: I got a driver.  BERNIE ROSE
12) 28) text: And they got half a dozen Drivers you told me.  SHANNON
13) 1) text: Driver stands in the elevator as it climbs slowly. It rea the ground floor then the doors slide open. Driver finds face to face with the pretty girl he saw the other night. looks a little startled to see him, then recovers 
13) 3) text: She joins him in the elevator, carrying a grocery bag wit milk and Fruit Loops cereal.  DRIVER
13) 6) text: Driver presses the fourth floor button even though it's a lit. The doors shut and the elevator starts to climb. Dri stares out quietly. Irene takes a glance at him, feeling in the silence. She looks relieved as the elevator doors open. Driver steps aside to let her out first.  IRENE
14) 1) text: Driver and Irene walk down the corridor in the same direc only a few feet apart. She seems more aware of his presen he is of hers. She reaches the door to her apartment firs  IRENE
14) 2) text: Goodbye...  DRIVER
14) 4) text: Driver looks at her just long enough not to seem impolite continues down the corridor, not even glancing back. 
16) 1) text: Even in the cramped space of the roll cage there's someth effortless about the way Driver controls the car. His eye fixed in concentration, his body tensing only slightly as lifts his foot off the gas and turns the wheel. 
18) 1) text: Driver climbs out of the car. As he looks up he sees Shan limping over with the stock car's owner, a couple of MECH and Bernie Rose.  SHANNON
18) 3) text: Driver shrugs. Shannon grins, turning to Bernie now.  SHANNON
18) 4) text: Bernie, this is the driver I been telling you about... 
18) 5) text: One look at Bernie Rose and Driver senses the power and authority behind his deceptively gentle eyes.  SHANNON
18) 7) text: The old mobster holds out his hand, meeting Driver's gaze  DRIVER
18) 10) text: He gives Driver a big grin and a warm handshake, sizing h Driver smiles politely, gazing back at him. The stock car owner interrupts the moment between them, holding a stopw 
18) 15) text: Their eyes stay on each other, then Driver follows the st owner and his mechanics back to the car. Bernie Rose star after him quietly, thinking to himself. Shannon can feel getting interested.  SHANNON
19) 1) text: Tinny supermarket music plays in the background. Driver w past the vast selection of instant coffee brands, bemused choice. Suddenly he notices something out of the corner o eye. At the far end of the aisle his pretty neighbor, Ire browsing through the confectionery section. Standing next is a young boy of six or seven, (BENICIO). He grabs a mul of snickers and puts it in Irene's shopping basket. Irene picks it out, replaces it on the shelf, and takes a singl snicker bar for him instead. As Driver watches them, the turns around and notices him. Driver heads down another a before Irene sees him too, keeping to himself to himself. 
20) 1) text: Driver heads out of the supermarket with a small bag of groceries when he spots Irene and Benicio again in the ca Irene sits in a battered Oldsmobile, trying to start the She tries several times then gets out in frustration, ope the hood and peering at the engine she has no idea how to Benicio peers in too, trying to be helpful.    (CONTINUED) 17 9/24/10 35 CONTINUED: 35 
20) 2) text: Driver hesitates, all his instincts telling him to contin his car and drive away, but as he feels Irene's increasin frustration he can't help himself, finally heading over t 
20) 5) text: Driver, Irene and Benicio stand in silence in the elevato Driver clutching some of Irene's grocery bags. 
21) 1) text: Driver carries Irene's grocery bags into the kitchen for  DRIVER
21) 4) text: Driver places the bags on the kitchen counter.  IRENE
21) 5) text: Would you like something to drink?  DRIVER
21) 7) text: A glass of water?  DRIVER
21) 11) text: She walks out of the room, leaving Driver alone with Beni The little boy stares at him fixedly. 
22) 1) text: Benicio's still staring at Driver. Feeling a little awkwa Driver takes a long piece of string from his pocket, tugs gently, then holds up two pieces of string.  (CONTINUED) 18 9/24/10 37 CONTINUED: 37 
22) 3) text: You just move to LA?  DRIVER
22) 5) text: And before that?  DRIVER
22) 8) text: Driver smiles back awkwardly, not sure how else to respon Irene switches on the TV for Benicio, sitting him down on couch. 
22) 9) text: Driver has a sip of water, glancing around the room. He n a few photographs on a side table. Most of them are of Be and Irene, but one of them shows the little boy standing a strikingly handsome Latino man. 
22) 12) text: Driver takes in the significance of this, then looks back her.  DRIVER
22) 14) text: He's in jail.  DRIVER
22) 17) text: Driver hesitates.  DRIVER
22) 19) text: Like a limo driver?  DRIVER
22) 24) text: He seems thrown by her concern.  DRIVER
22) 26) text: Where?  DRIVER
22) 28) text: You should tell Benicio you're a stunt guy.  DRIVER
22) 34) text: Would you like another glass?  DRIVER
22) 37) text: Well, thank you for your help.  DRIVER
22) 42) text: Driver watches them from the window of his apartment, blo gently on a cup of coffee. 
22) 44) text: The reflection of passing neon rolls down the Camaro's windscreen. Driver's cruising down Hollywood Boulevard, s from the world outside, listening to `Purple Rain'. The H and HIPSTERS have taken over the streets while up above airbrushed movie stars stare down from their lofty billbo 
23) 1) text: It's early morning and Driver's been driving all night, u to sleep. He heads across the parking lot towards a garis mini-mall. Up ahead a small group of GANGBANGERS are hang with intent. They see him coming and look over intimidati Driver's only reaction is to bunch his car keys in his ha longest key sliding between his second and third fingers weapon. The gangbangers don't see it but the unflinching his eyes unnerves them and they look away, letting him pa 
23) 3) text: Jukebox music plays in the bar and grill. Driver sits on own, working his way through a plate of bacon and eggs. 
23) 5) text: Driver looks up and sees a burly REDNECK with an unkempt and a wrestler's physique. The redneck slides into the se opposite him.  BEARDED REDNECK
23) 7) text: Driver stares into the redneck's coked-up eyes, then look down at his food.  BEARDED REDNECK
23) 9) text: Driver doesn't seem to hear him.  BEARDED REDNECK
23) 10) text: Thing is -  DRIVER
23) 12) text: Driver looks up quietly, fixing him with his icy gaze. Th Redneck's smile slowly fades. He considers his response f moment, then decides against it, standing up.  BEARDED REDNECK
23) 14) text: Driver carries on eating as if the man didn't exist. 
24) 3) text: Driver smiles, popping the hood. As Shannon limps out of vehicle he sees a battered Oldsmobile drive into the fore He takes one look at the owner, then runs his hand throug white hair, breaking into a friendly smile.  SHANNON
24) 7) text: Driver turns around in surprise now, recognizing Irene's    (CONTINUED) 22 9/24/10 42 CONTINUED: 42  IRENE
24) 8) text: Hi...  DRIVER
24) 14) text: Driver ignores the sly look in the old man's eyes.  SHANNON
24) 18) text: Driver is still watching Irene quietly.  IRENE
24) 21) text: Shannon gives Driver another sly look as he takes her car 
25) 4) text: She glances round and sees Benicio standing in the foreco with Driver, watching him work on his own car now.  (CONTINUED) 23 9/24/10 43 CONTINUED: 43 
25) 5) text: Driver's so busy tuning the engine he hardly notices the His lack of interest finally gets a rise out of Benicio.  BENICIO
25) 6) text: That thing doesn't work.  DRIVER
25) 9) text: Drive it.  DRIVER
25) 15) text: Driver and Benicio sit in the Chevelle, driving in silenc  DRIVER
25) 17) text: Sometimes.  DRIVER
25) 19) text: No.  DRIVER
25) 21) text: Benicio shakes his head.  DRIVER
26) 1) text: Shannon's got his tool kit out, examining the Olds. Irene at the forecourt but there's no sign of Driver and her so   (CONTINUED) 24 9/24/10 45 CONTINUED: 45  IRENE
26) 5) text: Shannon smiles to himself, sensing her interest in Driver  SHANNON
27) 1) text: Driver's parked the car now in an area of the drainage ca which looks like an oasis. He leans against the vehicle, rock playing on his radio as he watches Benicio climb a t 
28) 1) text: Benicio is asleep in the back of Driver's car now. Driver giving him and Irene a ride back to their apartment. Iren at Driver, waiting for him to say something, but he keeps eyes fixed on the road. 
29) 1) text: Cradling the sleeping Benicio in his arms Driver lays him on his bed. Irene takes off her son's clothes and puts on pyjamas, careful not to wake him. Driver slips out of the uncomfortable with the intimate moment between mother and 
30) 1) text: Irene walks out of the bedroom, smiling at Driver gratefu  IRENE
30) 2) text: Thank you for today. He had a great time...  (CONTINUED) 25 9/24/10 50 CONTINUED: 50  DRIVER
30) 5) text: I'm sorry if I put you on the spot, you know, just showing up like that...  DRIVER
30) 7) text: Their eyes stay on each other, the attraction palpable. D finally breaks the tension, making a tentative move towar door. Irene opens it for him, looking up into his eyes. D knows he could kiss her, wants to, but something inside h him back. Instead he just offers his help.  DRIVER
31) 1) text: Irene emerges with Benicio from the dentists. The little clutching his mouth, making a show of being in pain. Iren teases him gently as they walk. Driver waits for them in car, watching them quietly. 
32) 1) text: Soft rock plays on the car radio. Irene sits in the passe seat with a smile. Driver looks at her curiously as he dr no idea why she's grinning. Benicio suddenly leans forwar changes the radio to a different station -- hard rock bla out. Driver lets it go for a moment, then changes it back Benicio responds, until it becomes a game, Irene laughing 
33) 1) text: The roar of machinery. We see quick shots of Driver's day garage -- fixing cars, taking out some fruit he's left to in his tool box for lunch, working on more engines and fr At the end of the day Driver and Shannon examine the stoc  SHANNON
33) 3) text: He grins, looking at Driver.  SHANNON
33) 4) text: I thought maybe we'd take her for a run Thursday or Friday.  DRIVER
33) 6) text: Yeah? Why's that?  DRIVER
33) 9) text: You're seeing quite a lot of the young lady.  DRIVER
34) 1) text: On the TV, a Japanese cartoon is playing, a masked hero confronting the villains, the screen flickering from colo black and white. Driver and Benicio sit on the couch, wat the cartoon. From their relaxed body language it's clear time has passed and they know each other a little better.  DRIVER
34) 6) text: Driver looks back at the screen. Werewolves appear now, surrounding the hero.  DRIVER
34) 9) text: Just as the fight begins the color on the TV screen flick  (CONTINUED) 27 9/24/10 54 CONTINUED: 54  DRIVER
34) 11) text: Benicio watches curiously as Driver gets off the couch an kneels beside the TV.  DRIVER
34) 13) text: Benicio nods. Driver suddenly gives the TV set a hard sma the interference stops.  DRIVER
34) 15) text: Benicio grins. Driver smiles back then looks away as he h the phone ring. Irene walks out of her bedroom, dressed i waitress's uniform, and answers it.  IRENE
34) 17) text: Driver sees the look of surprise on Irene's face as she l to the voice on the other end. The doorbell suddenly ring Irene catches Driver's eye and asks him to open it. He he over, checks the spy-hole, then opens the door. A YOUNG W who's sitting for Benicio walks in, looking at Driver cur 
34) 21) text: Irene's friend heads past Driver and scolds Benicio affectionately.  IRENE'S FRIEND
34) 24) text: Driver looks back at Irene now. She puts down the phone, a smile but still looking distracted. 
34) 26) text: Irene sits next to Driver in the passenger seat, staring the window at the glittering fountain in Echo Park.   (CONTINUED) 28 9/24/10 55 CONTINUED: 55  IRENE
34) 27) text: I've never come this way before...  DRIVER
34) 30) text: She looks at Driver, watching him quietly, then looks awa again.  DRIVER
34) 34) text: She tries to sound casual. Driver takes the news quietly, though it hits him like a sledgehammer.  DRIVER
34) 37) text: Driver knows she's trying to explain herself but doesn't anything, driving in silence. 
34) 39) text: Inside, the silence is unbearable. Irene pauses, then loo Driver. He's even more handsome in the shadowy half-light something achingly lonely and melancholy about his stilln 
36) 1) text: Driver lies on his bed, gazing up at the ceiling, listeni the sound of the party echoing down the corridor. 
38) 1) text: The noise of the party is finally too much for Driver. He off the bed and slips on his jacket. 
39) 1) text: Irene is finding the party overwhelming too. She heads ou the corridor to have a cigarette when she sees Driver acr hallway, locking the door to his own apartment. She hesit then calls out.  IRENE
39) 4) text: I'm sorry about the noise. I was going to leave a note under your door warning you we were having a party.  DRIVER
39) 8) text: The car works great by the way. Hasn't stalled once.  DRIVER
39) 14) text: He grins at his wife, then looks over at Driver, his smil hiding whatever he feels inside.  STANDARD
39) 16) text: Driver seems unsure how to respond.  DRIVER
39) 19) text: Standard rests his hand gently on Benicio's head, still s at Driver.  STANDARD
39) 20) text: He tells me you drive for the movies?  DRIVER
39) 22) text: Must be pretty good?  DRIVER
39) 28) text: His eyes are still fixed on Driver.  STANDARD
39) 29) text: You want to come in, join us for a drink?  DRIVER
39) 33) text: Standard doesn't respond, still holding Driver's gaze.  STANDARD
39) 35) text: He slips his arm around his son now and continues down th corridor, brushing past Driver on his way to empty the tr Driver looks at Irene, then heads off in the same directi Standard and Benicio to take the elevator. The two men st there in charged silence, one emptying the trash, the oth waiting for the elevator, only Benicio oblivious to the t 
40) 3) text: Anonymous streets roll by, Driver's eyes fixed on the roa 33 9/24/10    
42) 8) text: At the far end of the garage Driver hears them laughing, busy working on his car to pay any attention. Shannon ope door of the Thunderbird and invites Nino to take a seat.  SHANNON
42) 15) text: Bernie Rose shakes his head at his partner's foul languag looks away, observing Driver quietly. 
42) 16) text: Driver applies a blow torch to his car, so absorbed in hi he doesn't hear Bernie Rose approach. 
42) 18) text: Driver hears him and turns off the blow torch, standing u respectfully. Bernie Rose gives him a friendly smile.  BERNIE ROSE
42) 19) text: So, when's our first race?  DRIVER
42) 22) text: There's something gently challenging in his gaze.  DRIVER
42) 25) text: Driver smiles but doesn't respond. Bernie Rose finds him to talk to as everyone else. Across the garage, Nino sits T-Bird with Shannon, still fucking with him. Bernie watch them.  BERNIE ROSE
42) 27) text: Driver shakes his head.  BERNIE ROSE
42) 31) text: Driver turns around and sees Irene's husband, Standard, h towards him with a confident smile.  STANDARD
42) 36) text: Bernie Rose watches him leave with a look of contempt, th turns back to Driver with a smile, resuming their convers  BERNIE ROSE
42) 40) text: Driver nods. Bernie Rose studies him a moment, then final walks away. 
43) 1) text: Driver joins Standard in the forecourt of the garage, the sun blazing down on them.   (CONTINUED) 36 9/24/10 67 CONTINUED: 67  STANDARD
43) 2) text: Irene told me you'd fixed our car. How much do I owe you?  DRIVER
43) 5) text: Driver senses the quiet pride in his voice, and lets it g  DRIVER
43) 8) text: I was thinking of trading her in for a new car. Something fast and cheap.  DRIVER
43) 11) text: Even though he smiles Driver senses just a hint of tensio his handsome face.  DRIVER
43) 13) text: Standard considers the car a moment, something clearly bo him, then looks back at Driver.  STANDARD
43) 15) text: Driver isn't sure what he's getting at.  DRIVER
43) 18) text: He smiles ironically, his gaze still fixed on Driver.  (CONTINUED) 37 9/24/10 67 CONTINUED: (2) 67  STANDARD
43) 20) text: It's a thinly veiled message that he's back and here to s Driver stares back at him when Shannon emerges from the g with Bernie Rose and Nino, calling out.  SHANNON
43) 22) text: Driver and Standard stare at each other a moment longer t Driver breaks off.  DRIVER
43) 25) text: Driver walks off, leaving Standard alone with his thought Shannon watches Standard curiously as Driver approaches.  SHANNON
43) 26) text: Who was that?  DRIVER
43) 32) text: As they continue their banter, Driver glances at Standard walking back to his car, dialling someone on his cell pho 
43) 35) text: Driver's parked across the street, watching her from his hesitates, conflicted, then finally gets out of the car. 
44) 1) text: Irene walks out of the kitchen with a tray of food, then as she sees Driver sitting at a booth. She looks surprise see him, but pleased, serving her table first then headin  IRENE
44) 2) text: Hi...  DRIVER
44) 5) text: We haven't seen you around in a while. You must have been pretty busy?...  DRIVER
44) 8) text: What can I get you?  DRIVER
44) 12) text: Driver stares back at her with his intense gaze.  IRENE
44) 15) text: He keeps asking me to invite you for dinner...    (CONTINUED) 39 9/24/10 69 CONTINUED: 69  DRIVER
44) 19) text: It's only when she has her back turned that we see how ha is for her. Driver watches her walk away, lost in thought 
45) 1) text: Irene piles some plates of tacos on her tray, bracing her go back out and face Driver -- but when she finally walks again he's no longer there. 
45) 3) text: Driver leans out of his car window and inserts a key to o gates of the underground car park. 
45) 5) text: As Driver descends into the darkness of the car park, he group of SHADOWY FIGURES walking in the opposite directio heading up the ramp, one of them being pushed in a wheelc Their leader, a large, balding man, (COOK), glances in Dr direction then looks away. 
45) 6) text: Driver cruises past the mysterious group and winds his wa further down the car park. Suddenly he notices something the shadows. A figure lies sprawled against one of the pi A smaller figure kneels a few feet away. Driver stops his now, climbing out to see what's happened. 
45) 7) text: The prone figure groans in pain. As Driver approaches he realizes it's Standard. His face is covered in blood and clutches his ribs. The smaller figure is Benicio. He star his father helplessly, then looks up at Driver in tears. kneels beside Standard, checking nothing's broken.  DRIVER
45) 9) text: Where's Benicio?  DRIVER
45) 11) text: Driver glances at Benicio. He looks terrified. Standard r his head painfully and looks at his son.  (CONTINUED) 40 9/24/10 72 CONTINUED: 72  STANDARD
45) 13) text: Driver watches the boy struggling to hold back his tears.  STANDARD (GENTLY)
46) 1) text: Standard is bent over the sink, splashing water on his fa he turns off the tap he notices how neatly Driver's laid toothbrush, shaving cream, and razor. He finally turns ar and looks at Driver.  STANDARD
46) 5) text: Driver watches him, unconvinced.  DRIVER
46) 9) text: Driver doesn't answer, waiting for him to continue. Stand hesitates, still not sure whether to trust him.  STANDARD
46) 10) text: You ever been inside?  DRIVER
46) 14) text: Driver begins to see how worried he is.  DRIVER
46) 16) text: They want twenty thousand. I told them I couldn't pay so they want me to do a job for them...  DRIVER
46) 19) text: What did you say you were inside for?  DRIVER
46) 23) text: Driver stares at him in surprise now, more concerned than shows.  DRIVER
46) 28) text: Driver stares at his battered face and the blood stains o shirt, then walks out of the bathroom to check on Benicio 42 9/24/10    
47) 1) text: Benicio is watching a baseball game on TV, his back to Dr  DRIVER
47) 3) text: The little boy nods without turning round, still frighten his ordeal.  DRIVER
47) 5) text: Benicio shakes his head, trying to hide his tears. Driver over, then stops as he notices something in Benicio's han little boy is clutching it as if he's afraid to let go.  DRIVER
47) 7) text: Benicio holds out his hand to reveal a small bullet. Driv stares at it, then looks at him.  DRIVER
47) 10) text: Driver gazes at the little boy's frightened face in conce his eyes faraway, thinking to himself.  75 OMITTED 75 
48) 3) text: Standard sits next to Driver, holding his ground even tho he's clearly intimidated by the Albanian.  STANDARD
48) 6) text: He grins, looking at Driver now. Blanche doesn't even see hear them, hung-over from the previous night.  COOK
48) 7) text: You look like you're hard to work with?  DRIVER
48) 10) text: Driver stares at him quietly, finding it hard to conceal contempt.  DRIVER
48) 15) text: They'll bring it. Sit down. (His eyes still fixed on Driver) Standard, why don't you hire a fucking taxi cab?  STANDARD
48) 19) text: Driver looks him calmly in the eye.  DRIVER
48) 21) text: Standard seems surprised by Driver's professional patter. does Cook. Even Blanche looks interested for once.  (CONTINUED) 44 9/24/10 76 CONTINUED: (2) 76  COOK
48) 25) text: He holds up the palm of his hand to Driver, the words Fuc written in marker pen.  COOK
48) 27) text: Driver looks at him, all his instincts telling him to wal but he stays where he is, thinking of Irene and Benicio.  COOK
48) 29) text: Driver stares back at him with his clear blue eyes.  DRIVER
49) 1) text: The midday sun beats down on a maze of cars. Driver strol rows of glittering vehicles until he spots an old model M 
50) 1) text: Driver sits at the dinner table with Standard, Irene and now. Standard's in high spirits, beaming at his wife.  STANDARD
50) 4) text: Irene smiles awkwardly, glancing at Driver. Benicio grins to please his dad.  STANDARD
50) 6) text: He ruffles his son's hair then pours himself another shot tequila. Irene notices he's drinking, turning to Driver.  IRENE
50) 7) text: Would you like some more chicken?  DRIVER
50) 12) text: (Changing the subject) How's the movie going?...  DRIVER
50) 17) text: He raises his glass to Driver now. Driver senses how nerv is about the job ahead, and how uncomfortable he is depen someone his wife clearly admires.  IRENE
50) 31) text: Standard gets up from the table, lifting Benicio up in hi and carrying him back to his bedroom. Driver watches them in this kind of mood Standard's clearly devoted to his so Irene waits until they're gone, then turns back to Driver  IRENE
50) 32) text: I'm sorry.   (CONTINUED) 47 9/24/10 78 CONTINUED: (3) 78  DRIVER
50) 36) text: Driver sees the deep concern in her eyes and feels even m torn. Irene gets up, clearing away some plates. 
51) 1) text: Driver strides through the parking lot and climbs in his 
52) 1) text: Driver sits in the car as if it's his retreat from the wo stares out, then turns on a stop watch, listening to it t finding his balance again in the familiarity of the ritua 
53) 1) text: The pawn shop is nothing much to look at from the outside another anonymous LA store front. Driver's parked the car hundred yards from the entrance, his police scanner crack Standard sits beside him in the passenger seat, looking t  DRIVER
53) 6) text: Driver glances at him, sensing his anxiety.  STANDARD
53) 8) text: Standard's still staring ahead, but Driver can sense his   (CONTINUED) 48 9/24/10 81 CONTINUED: 81  DRIVER
53) 12) text: He forces a smile, slips on his sunglasses, then finally the door.  DRIVER
53) 15) text: Driver watches him cross the street with a strong sense o foreboding. Standard enters the pawn shop. Driver starts stopwatch now, listening to the seconds tick away. 
53) 19) text: He pulls over by the curb when suddenly he notices someth Parked a hundred yards down the road he sees another vehi glinting in the sunlight. To the ordinary eye it's no dif from the other cars parked nearby, but to Driver it stand For one, it's a Chrysler. Secondly, it has reinforced bum and racing tires. 
53) 20) text: Driver's stopwatch shows four minutes now. He looks away the Chrysler, gazing at the doors of the pawn shop, expec Standard and Blanche to burst out at any moment. 
53) 22) text: The seconds tick away. Five minutes. Driver hesitates, al instincts telling him to drive off, but he stays where he thinking of Irene. 
53) 24) text: He smiles at Driver as he approaches when suddenly he hea crack of gunshots behind him. Driver sees the look of pan his face as he spins around. 
53) 26) text: Driver sees him hit the sidewalk, arterial blood pumping his neck. Blanche screams, grabbing the gym bag and leapi the back seat of the car. Driver hesitates, takes one las at Standard's lifeless body, then hits the gas as more gu crack behind him. 
53) 27) text: As Driver's car roars down the street, the Chrysler sudde comes to life, pulling out of its parking place. 
53) 29) text: Driver glances in his rear-view mirror and sees the Chrys his tail. It doesn't seem to be trying to close the gap, following at a discreet distance. In the back seat, Blanc open the gym bag, then stares in shock.  BLANCHE
53) 31) text: There are literally stacks of hundred dollar bills cramme inside the gym bag. Driver catches her reaction in the mi but his attention is focussed on the Chrysler. Up ahead, intersection, the lights turn red. Driver thinks about ru them, but decides against it, braking sharply. The Chrysl draws up beside him, its windows glinting in the sunlight  BLANCHE
53) 33) text: Driver ignores her, still watching the Chrysler out of th corner of his eye. The lights change to green but Driver move. Nor does the Chrysler. Behind them, other cars star honking their horns. Suddenly Driver roars off, swerving speed. 
53) 35) text: Driver floors the gas. On speed and power his vehicle may match for the Chrysler, but in traffic the odds are even. weaves his way past the slower cars, putting obstacles be himself and the Chrysler. The pursuing car matches him mo move, staying on his tail. 
53) 37) text: Driver swerves left then suddenly makes a hard right onto deserted canyon road. The mustang somehow manages to make the same turn. It gets close enough to "pit" Driver, its pressing against the rear corner of Driver's vehicle.  
53) 38) text: Driver's almost run off the road, but manages to save it regains control of his car. 
53) 39) text: The Mustang pulls out wide to build momentum and smash in him. As it moves in to deliver the knockout blow, Driver pulls the Emergency Brake and spins 180 degrees, causing Mustang to miss and lose control for a brief moment. 
53) 40) text: Now the two cars are nose to nose, barrelling down the ro Driver heading in reverse as fast as he can, the Mustang closing fast. 
53) 41) text: It rams Driver's front bumper. BAM! The two cars separate for an instant. 
53) 42) text: The Mustang guns it, ready to smash into Driver again... 
53) 43) text: Driver clocks an upcoming three way intersection dotted w construction equipment. In a last ditch attempt to evade pursuer he throws a reverse 180, then incredibly keeps go spinning 270 degrees. 
53) 44) text: The Mustang tries to make the same turn, but this time th maneuver is beyond his ability. Driver's suckered him int corner he can't control.  
53) 46) text: Driver guns the motor and speeds away.  50 9/24/10    
55) 1) text: The black gym bag lies open on a double bed, full to the with stacks of cash. Blanche sits on the bed, looking pal  DRIVER
55) 4) text: She glances at the bag, staring at how much more money th Driver switches on the cheap TV set with the remote, flic through the news channels. There's no mention of the robb yet. He zips up the bag and heads out.  DRIVER
56) 1) text: Driver hesitates, then dials a number on his cell-phone. answers. 
56) 3) text: Driver hears the tremor in his voice.  DRIVER
56) 7) text: There's an uncomfortable silence. Driver can feel the lit trying to hold it together. 
56) 11) text: Driver pauses, still on the phone to Benicio.  DRIVER
57) 1) text: A soap opera plays on the TV. Driver walks back into the room. Blanche lies on the bed, looking more relaxed. Driv picks up the remote and flicks through the channels until finally finds a breaking news story on the robbery. There police mug-shot of Standard on screen.  TV REPORT
57) 3) text: Driver listens to the report in silence. Blanche seems up again, confronted with the reality of what's happened.  TV REPORT
57) 5) text: Driver switches off the TV, staring at the blank screen i surprise. He turns to Blanche.  DRIVER
57) 7) text: I've no idea.  DRIVER
57) 11) text: Driver suddenly slaps her -- hard.  DRIVER
57) 15) text: Driver stares at her quietly, beginning to put the pieces together in his head.  DRIVER
57) 17) text: She nods guiltily.  DRIVER
57) 19) text: Just a couple months. We were fooling around. I've never been mixed up in anything like this -  DRIVER
57) 21) text: He told me it was Chris, but I just called him Cook.  DRIVER
57) 25) text: Driver nods distractedly, his mind racing. Blanche heads the bathroom.  (CONTINUED) 53 9/24/10 86 CONTINUED: (2) 86 
57) 26) text: As she disappears inside Driver notices something on the where she's just been lying. It's her cell phone. Still f open as if she's called someone recently. 
57) 27) text: Driver reaches for the cell phone when he notices the sil of a MAN crossing the curtains. Someone's outside. The do handle of the motel room starts to turn, slowly -- then s there's the roar of a shotgun from the bathroom. 
57) 28) text: Driver reacts in an instant, rushing towards the bathroom He has to barge it open, something obstructing his way. 
58) 1) text: Driver almost trips over Blanche's sprawled body as he bu through. One quick glance and he knows she's dead - half head blown off. Another quick glance and he sees her kill big burly HITMAN, trying to climb through the same bathro window where he just shot her. 
58) 2) text: Driver moves like lightning, grabbing the man's arms befo can get off another shot and pulling him through the wind hitman lands heavily in a sea of broken glass, cutting hi forehead open, blinded momentarily by the blood in his ey 
58) 3) text: Driver takes his opportunity and slams the man's face bac the glass strewn floor, stunning him for a few more secon they struggle. Crawling away, he grabs the towel rack and the metal bar off the wall. Using it as a spear he impale hitman and grabs his shotgun. 
59) 1) text: In the bedroom, the 2nd HITMAN finally kicks the door ope Driver bursts through the bathroom door at the same time firing the 1st shooter's shotgun. The force of the blast up the 2nd hitman and flings him against the wall like a doll. 
59) 2) text: The startling explosion of violence is over just as sudde it began. Driver slumps to the floor in exhaustion, his h his arm ripped open by the broken glass. There's blood sp all over the wall. Neon lights from outside flashing on t man's face. But no panicked footsteps or sirens yet. 
59) 3) text: Driver crawls over to the dead hitman and rifles through pockets. All he finds are a set of car keys. 
61) 1) text: An underworld doctor, "DOC", a shabbily dressed old man w looks well past his prime takes out a small bottle of sco along with his surgical tools, preparing for Driver's arr Shannon watches him uncertainly then heads downstairs as hears a noise in the garage. 
62) 1) text: Shannon arrives downstairs to see Driver walking unsteadi towards him in the gloom. Shannon can't help glancing at hands, expecting him to be carrying the bag with the mone there's no sign of it. 
63) 1) text: Scissoring Driver's blood soaked shirt away Doc examines shards of glass embedded in his arm, then notices the dee running down his back.    (CONTINUED) 55 9/24/10 93 CONTINUED: 93  DOC
63) 3) text: Driver looks up at him warily from Shannon's pull out bed  DOC
63) 7) text: Driver shakes his head, closing his eyes. Shannon watches quietly, concerned for him but also curious about the mon  SHANNON
63) 8) text: What did you do with the cash?  DRIVER
63) 12) text: Driver doesn't answer, gritting his teeth as Doc pulls ou largest shard of glass.  SHANNON
63) 13) text: Just think what we could do with all that DOUGH -  DRIVER
63) 16) text: This guy Cook got a real name?...  DRIVER
63) 19) text: Driver grimaces again as Doc pulls out another shard of g  SHANNON
63) 21) text: Driver doesn't reply, his eyes fixed on the ceiling.  SHANNON
64) 17) text: And our driver?  SHANNON
65) 1) text: Sunlight pours through a doorway. Driver heads down some passing some half naked STRIPPERS at the bar. There's a h of CLIENTS watching a pole dance, but otherwise the place empty. Driver turns down a long corridor. A couple of STR emerge from their changing room, surprised to see him, bu puts them at ease with a friendly smile.  DRIVER
65) 4) text: Driver smiles gratefully, then heads towards an office at end of the corridor. He knocks on the door. A voice calls  (CONTINUED) 58 9/24/10 96 CONTINUED: 96 
65) 6) text: Driver takes a hammer out of his jacket, then starts turn door handle as if he can't get in. 
65) 9) text: Before Cook can recover, Driver storms into the office, s him across the shoulder with the hammer. Cook collapses i heap. Driver's about to hit him again, when he sees that left hand is broken and there are cuts and bruises on his Someone's clearly given him a beating since the robbery.  DRIVER
65) 12) text: Driver smashes the hammer into Cook's right hand now, bre it too. Cook screams. Some of the strippers have gathered door but Driver couldn't care less.  DRIVER
65) 15) text: Driver smashes the hammer into the metal plates supportin Cook's left hand. He screams like a stuck pig.  DRIVER
68) 1) text: Driver leans against his car, talking on Cook's cell phon  DRIVER
68) 4) text: Can I ask what this is about?  DRIVER
68) 6) text: And that would be?  DRIVER
70) 1) text: Driver hears a heavy chesty voice come on the line.   (CONTINUED) 60 9/24/10 102 CONTINUED: 102 
70) 3) text: The voice is unmistakable. Driver stares quietly.  DRIVER
70) 5) text: And you're calling me why? You expect me to buy my fucking stuff back from you?...  DRIVER
70) 7) text: And what do you get out of it?...  DRIVER
70) 10) text: Your partners happy with that?...  DRIVER
70) 12) text: You discuss this with anyone else?  DRIVER
70) 15) text: You're not very good at this, are you?...  DRIVER
70) 17) text: Driver switches the cell phone off. 61 9/24/10    
72) 6) text: Irene gets up to leave when the buzzer rings. She walks o opens the door then stops in surprise. Driver stands ther  DRIVER
72) 11) text: I tried to reach you. Standard's been -  DRIVER
72) 15) text: Driver looks over at the little boy.  DRIVER
72) 17) text: Irene begins to see the guilt in his eyes and slowly it h her. She stares in disbelief, reeling.  DRIVER
72) 19) text: Benicio nods. Driver keeps staring at the boy but can't f more words of comfort. Irene watches him, still stunned. looks back at her.  IRENE
72) 20) text: I can't talk now. I have to go.  DRIVER
72) 23) text: The car's working fine.  DRIVER
73) 1) text: Driver and Irene head down the long corridor in silence.  IRENE
73) 3) text: Driver misunderstands, thinking she's talking about Stand  DRIVER
73) 6) text: She walks faster now, striding towards the elevator. Driv follows her.  DRIVER
73) 11) text: Just tell me one thing. How did he talk you into it?  DRIVER
73) 15) text: She turns away when the elevator bell rings. The doors op revealing TAN SUIT. Neither Driver or Irene recognizes hi we do. He smiles, pretending to look confused.  TAN SUIT
73) 18) text: She steps into the elevator. Driver follows her in.  TAN SUIT
73) 19) text: Which floor?  DRIVER
74) 1) text: Driver and Irene ride down in silence, their eyes fixed o other. Tan Suit watches them quietly, considering a move, Driver glances at him and he smiles, biding his time. The on the panel descend. The elevator bell finally rings as reach the lower level. Tan Suit hesitates, but Driver wai him to go out first. He nods goodnight and heads off into darkness of the parking lot. Driver follows Irene, the tw them heading in the opposite direction. 
75) 1) text: The overhead lights flicker, the huge underground car par hidden in shadow. Driver walks alongside Irene in silence the distance Tan Suit's footsteps slowly fade.    (CONTINUED) 64 9/24/10 107 CONTINUED: 107  DRIVER
75) 4) text: What are you talking about?  DRIVER
75) 7) text: You're crazy. I don't even know you -  DRIVER
75) 10) text: It doesn't work like that.  DRIVER
75) 14) text: She holds his gaze with regret. Driver's about to respond suddenly he catches a fleeting movement out of the corner eye. 
75) 16) text: Bullets spark as they hit the concrete floor and the othe parked vehicles. Driver drags Irene behind a car now, cov her with his body as Tan Suit fires another burst. 
75) 17) text: More sparks light up the darkness, the bullets penetratin car with ease, narrowly missing Driver and Irene. 
75) 18) text: Driver moves again, dragging the terrified Irene behind h Suit loses sight of them in the darkness, striding past r parked cars.   (CONTINUED) 65 9/24/10 107 CONTINUED: (2) 107 
75) 19) text: Driver turns to Irene as they take cover behind a pillar. looks terrified -- not just of Tan Suit but of him. It's all her worst fears have been confirmed. 
75) 20) text: Driver stares back at her, then hears Tan Suit's footstep approaching. 
75) 22) text: Tan Suit hears him and opens up again, more bullets light the darkness. Driver keeps moving. Tan Suit strides after reloading, when suddenly his gun jams. 
75) 23) text: Crouching behind another vehicle, Driver sees this and ta chance, darting out after his pursuer. Tan Suit sees him and runs, the hunter becoming the hunted now. 
75) 25) text: Driver runs after Tan Suit through the darkness, gaining time. Tan Suit looks desperate now, tiring. He turns to f pursuer but Driver's on him in a flash, hurling him again car. 
75) 26) text: Tan Suit slams into the car, losing his balance. Driver g him, swinging him around, smashing him into another car. 
75) 28) text: Driver keeps slamming Tan Suit against the car, beating t resistance out of him. As his body begins to slump, Drive him by the throat and rams his head into a car window. 
75) 30) text: Driver looks around for Irene now and sees her standing i elevator, framed against the light. 
75) 32) text: Driver stands there, his hands covered in Tan Suit's bloo elevator doors finally close, hiding Irene from view.  108 OMITTED 108 
75) 34) text: Shannon gets out of his car. Driver is waiting for him by own car, silhouetted against the streetlight. Shannon sta him a moment, then notices the blood stains on his shirt.  (CONTINUED) 66 9/24/10
75) 36) text: What happened?  DRIVER
75) 40) text: Driver doesn't seem to hear him.  SHANNON
75) 41) text: Let me talk to Bernie again. They probably didn't listen to him -  DRIVER
75) 43) text: Shannon says nothing now, knowing he's right.  DRIVER
75) 47) text: Driver doesn't answer, but from his silence Shannon can g  SHANNON
75) 49) text: He stares at Driver with quiet regret.  SHANNON
76) 31) text: That's why this driver has to go. Him, and maybe your friend Shannon, are the only two people who can tie me to the robbery.  BERNIE ROSE
76) 50) text: The CREW are setting up for their first shot of the day. background we see a DIRECTOR blocking out an action scene Driver walks past without even a glance, heading towards make-up trailer. He opens the door and walks in, looking the trailer until he finds what he's looking for -- the S he saw previously on the film set. 
77) 7) text: I'm looking for your driver.  SHANNON
78) 1) text: Driver pulls open the garage door and sees the rows of vi cars shimmering in the shafts of sunlight. As he heads pa vehicles he suddenly spots a figure slumped against the s car. Shannon's eyes have been closed, his head resting ge against the trunk of the car. 
78) 2) text: Driver kneels down and lifts him up in his arms, holding a second, then lays him down on the floor. He turns back opens the car boot now, revealing the black gym bag full money. 
79) 1) text: Driver's car roars out of the garage. 
81) 1) text: Two big Lincoln Towncars are parked outside. Across the r recognize Driver's car. He opens the trunk. When he close again we see that he's wearing the eerily convincing SFX He crosses the road, entering the pizzeria. 75 9/24/10    
82) 1) text: Several of Nino's men look up as Driver enters but none o recognize him.  NINO'S GUY
82) 3) text: Driver stares past them at Nino in the kitchen, surrounde more of his men. We feel his mind calculating then he wal again. 
83) 3) text: Across the road Driver climbs into his car, still wearing mask. He starts his car, setting off after Nino's Lincoln 
84) 1) text: Driver drifts in behind a couple of other cars, keeping t between himself and the Lincoln. 
87) 1) text: Driver slows down and lets another car turn in front of h keeping it between himself and Nino's car. 
88) 1) text: The streets are less crowded in this residential area. As car in front of Driver pulls into its front drive, Driver the next turning, making sure the Lincoln doesn't spot hi 76 9/24/10    
89) 1) text: Driver cruises along another residential street. At every intersection we glimpse the Lincoln heading in the same direction down a parallel street. 
92) 1) text: Driver merges in with the traffic, weaving between the ca front of him until he has Nino's Lincoln back in his sigh 
94) 1) text: This time there are no other vehicles turning into the sa street. Driver has no choice, settling in behind the Linc 
97) 1) text: The chauffeur checks his mirror again and notices Driver' still on his tail. Just as a precaution he slows down, se the pursuing car will overtake. 
98) 1) text: Driver has to decide in an instant whether to take up the invitation. He overtakes the Lincoln, speeding ahead. 
99) 1) text: Nino's chauffeur sees Driver's car disappear up ahead, re now. 
100) 1) text: Driver puts his foot on the gas, taking sharp turns on sm side streets, driving fast around the block until he's ba the Lincoln's tail, keeping a safe distance now. 
102) 1) text: Driver follows the Lincoln at a distance, keeping the win corners of the PCH between himself and his prey. 
102) 3) text: From above we see Driver's car gliding along the open hig the rising hills on one side, the churning ocean on the o no vehicles in sight. 
103) 4) text: The headlights of Driver's car sweep ahead of it on the o road. From above it looks like a shark closing in on its 
106) 1) text: Driver stares ahead, his eyes fixed on the Lincoln's back 
108) 5) text: Even from above we can't see Driver's car with its lights no idea how close it is to Nino's car. 
111) 1) text: Driver rams the Lincoln at over a hundred miles an hour, it just above the left rear wheel. 
114) 1) text: The collision has barely knocked Driver off course. His c skids to a stop near the overturned wreck. 
116) 1) text: Driver gets out of his car, calmly walking over to the pulverized Lincoln. He sees Nino stumbling off towards th but doesn't hurry after him yet. He checks to make sure t other passengers are dead, then heads on. 
117) 1) text: Nino stumbles through the sand, running for his life now. looks behind him and sees Driver calmly pursuing him. He running, but he's badly injured, slowing all the time. Fe clouds reason and he staggers towards the crashing waves. 
117) 2) text: Driver slows down as he watches the gangster wade into th ocean, a pathetic last attempt to evade him. The crashing and the undertow are an impenetrable wall. Every time Nin to wade out further, the ocean drags him back.    (CONTINUED) 80 9/24/10 156 CONTINUED: 156 
117) 3) text: Driver stares at his trapped prey. Nino's attempts become and more feeble as the ocean exhausts him and snuffs out hope of escape. Finally he retreats back into the shallow barely able to keep his footing. He turns around and face Driver, the crashing waves still smashing into his back. 
117) 4) text: They stay like that for a moment. Gazing at each other. D silhouetted against the white sand. Nino trapped in the o Then Driver wades out into the water. Nino has no fight l him, staring at the masked man. Driver stares back at him grabs him by the throat, forcing his head under the water splutters as Driver lets him up again.  NINO
117) 6) text: Driver shoves his face back under the water, keeping it t until Nino's body finally stops thrashing. 
119) 1) text: Driver is no longer wearing a mask, framed against the oc catches the veiled threat in Bernie's words but doesn't r  INTERCUT  BERNIE ROSE
119) 2) text: I'd say this has gone far enough. See any reason why it should go on?...  DRIVER
120) 1) text: A large Chinese restaurant. We follow Driver through the He sees Bernie Rose sitting at a table on his own, pourin himself a glass of wine. The mobster's dressed for the oc wearing a jacket and tie. He smiles at Driver as he sits  BERNIE ROSE
120) 3) text: Driver doesn't smile, gazing back at him across the table Bernie Rose doesn't seem to care.  BERNIE ROSE
120) 10) text: You've been on a roll. Cut yourself quite a swath out there.   (CONTINUED) 82 9/24/10 160 CONTINUED: 160  DRIVER
120) 13) text: Driver holds his gaze, the tension palpable, laughter and conversation drifting over from the other tables.  BERNIE ROSE
120) 14) text: Anyway it's water under the bridge now. Question is where does that leave us?  DRIVER
120) 17) text: Driver nods. Bernie Rose studies him quietly.  BERNIE ROSE
120) 19) text: Driver hesitates, betraying a hint of concern. Bernie see and smiles.  BERNIE ROSE
120) 21) text: You still see her?...  DRIVER
120) 24) text: He smiles again, looking into Driver's eyes with just a h sympathy.  BERNIE ROSE
120) 26) text: BERNIE ROSE (cont'd) These people I have the misfortune to be involved with, they don't mind Nino being gone, but they'll wanna know what happened to him...  DRIVER
120) 32) text: Driver stares back at him quietly.  DRIVER
120) 35) text: He keeps staring at Driver, then smiles.  BERNIE ROSE
121) 1) text: Driver's car is parked at the back of the parking lot, ha hidden by a fenced area for garbage. Driver pops the trun taking out the black gym bag with the cash. Bernie Rose d even look at it, still admiring the car.  BERNIE ROSE
121) 2) text: How much does something like this cost?  DRIVER
121) 7) text: Driver reaches out to give him the bag, when suddenly Ber hand snakes out of his pocket, twisting a switch-blade in Driver's gut. He pulls it out, ready to stab again, but t time Driver catches his wrist, slowly forcing the knife u his throat. 
121) 8) text: Their eyes are fixed on each other for a moment, with som like regret, then the blade pierces Bernie Rose's neck, s deeper and deeper. Driver holds the old man in his arms a dies. They stay like that, locked in a fatal embrace, the Driver lowers Bernie Rose gently to the ground, out of si 
121) 9) text: Blood seeping through his shirt, Driver picks up the gym puts it back in the trunk, slamming the door shut. 
121) 11) text: We're looking down on an enormous parking lot, hundreds o different colored vehicles gleaming down below. Driver pu into the lot, searching for a place to park. 
122) 1) text: Driver climbs out of his car, wearing a jacket over his b soaked shirt. He walks to the back of the car, kneels dow hides the keys behind the left rear wheel, drops of blood dripping on the tarmac beneath him. He gets up again, the off through the maze of parked vehicles, dialling a numbe his cell-phone. 
123) 3) text: The blazing sun beats down. Driver walks through a long c of glinting cars.  DRIVER
123) 8) text: Driver continues painfully through the maze of cars.  DRIVER
123) 11) text: Sunlight glitters on the roofs of the parked cars, dazzli Driver's eyes.  DRIVER
123) 19) text: Driver walks with difficulty, finding it hard to breathe.  DRIVER
123) 23) text: Blood seeps through Driver's shirt, dripping on the tarma 
123) 26) text: Driver's skin looks deathly pale, his eyes a haunting sha blue. He keeps walking through the maze of cars, casting eyes from one vehicle to the next, looking for the perfec  DRIVER
123) 28) text: Finally he spots a beautiful white Camaro up ahead.  DRIVER
123) 33) text: Driver stops in front of the white Camaro, unsteady on hi  DRIVER
123) 35) text: He pauses.  DRIVER
124) 1) text: From above we see the maze of vehicles stretching out for Chevys, Chryslers, Fords -- the history of America on whe Driver switches off his cell-phone reluctantly then heads towards the Camaro. 
125) 1) text: Driver climbs into the front seat of the Camaro, catching breath. He sits there a moment, sheltering from the world outside, then pulls out a pocket knife, opening the blade he finds the screwdriver. He starts with the left side of steering column, then gets to work on the section below t signal.  (CONTINUED) 87 9/24/10 166 CONTINUED: 166 
126) 1) text: Driver's face is completely still now. So are his eyes. H almost at peace. There's a long pause, then slowly he lea forward and turns on the ignition. As the engine comes to we CUT TO BLACK.