67) 1) text: An impeccably dressed MAN IN A TAN SUIT answers the phone  TAN SUIT
68) 3) text: Tan Suit looks curious now.  TAN SUIT
68) 5) text: I have something that belongs to him.  TAN SUIT
68) 9) dialog: Please hold... 
69) 1) text: Tan Suit walks into the dining area. A large bull of a ma on his own in the empty restaurant with his back to us. I only when he hears Tan Suit approach and turns around tha realize it's Nino, Bernie's partner. 
71) 1) text: Nino hangs up. Behind him we see that Tan Suit is also in room, waiting for his orders. 
73) 15) text: She turns away when the elevator bell rings. The doors op revealing TAN SUIT. Neither Driver or Irene recognizes hi we do. He smiles, pretending to look confused.  TAN SUIT
73) 18) text: She steps into the elevator. Driver follows her in.  TAN SUIT
73) 21) text: Tan Suit presses the button and the doors slide shut. 
74) 1) text: Driver and Irene ride down in silence, their eyes fixed o other. Tan Suit watches them quietly, considering a move, Driver glances at him and he smiles, biding his time. The on the panel descend. The elevator bell finally rings as reach the lower level. Tan Suit hesitates, but Driver wai him to go out first. He nods goodnight and heads off into darkness of the parking lot. Driver follows Irene, the tw them heading in the opposite direction. 
75) 1) text: The overhead lights flicker, the huge underground car par hidden in shadow. Driver walks alongside Irene in silence the distance Tan Suit's footsteps slowly fade.    (CONTINUED) 64 9/24/10 107 CONTINUED: 107  DRIVER
75) 15) text: A beat -- then he suddenly lunges -- grabbing Irene and p her to the ground. In the same instant Tan Suit appears o the darkness, opening fire with his automatic. 
75) 16) text: Bullets spark as they hit the concrete floor and the othe parked vehicles. Driver drags Irene behind a car now, cov her with his body as Tan Suit fires another burst. 
75) 19) text: Driver turns to Irene as they take cover behind a pillar. looks terrified -- not just of Tan Suit but of him. It's all her worst fears have been confirmed. 
75) 20) text: Driver stares back at her, then hears Tan Suit's footstep approaching. 
75) 21) text: He holds her gaze apologetically, then gets to his feet a runs, trying to draw Tan Suit's fire. 
75) 22) text: Tan Suit hears him and opens up again, more bullets light the darkness. Driver keeps moving. Tan Suit strides after reloading, when suddenly his gun jams. 
75) 23) text: Crouching behind another vehicle, Driver sees this and ta chance, darting out after his pursuer. Tan Suit sees him and runs, the hunter becoming the hunted now. 
75) 25) text: Driver runs after Tan Suit through the darkness, gaining time. Tan Suit looks desperate now, tiring. He turns to f pursuer but Driver's on him in a flash, hurling him again car. 
75) 26) text: Tan Suit slams into the car, losing his balance. Driver g him, swinging him around, smashing him into another car. 
75) 28) text: Driver keeps slamming Tan Suit against the car, beating t resistance out of him. As his body begins to slump, Drive him by the throat and rams his head into a car window. 
75) 29) text: The glass splinters with blood, the force of the blow sha Tan Suit's skull. 
75) 32) text: Driver stands there, his hands covered in Tan Suit's bloo elevator doors finally close, hiding Irene from view.  108 OMITTED 108 