1) 0) text: The shutters are drawn. OZIM (a plump middle-aged Turk) is cutting the hair of the last customer of the day (SOYK Soyka is a Chechen, well-groomed, wearing a sharp suit beneath the barber's gown. During the conversation we glimpse distinctive eagle- and star-shaped tattoos on Soyka's arms and hands. Ozim and Soyka are chatting as Ekrem enters.   Soyka spea with a Russian accent.
54) 31) text: A policeman steps up to Ekrem and gives him a shove and h stumbles a little. As he gets to his feet we notice TWO CHECHEN MEN who are trailing Ekrem, ducking their heads away from the line of policemen.
55) 0) text: Ekrem is now isolated from the crowds, swigging from a ca of lager. He is chanting `Arsenal, Arsenal' to himself as he walks. He stops to take a piss on someone's grave. In the background the two Chechens are coming closer. As Ekrem zips his flies, the Chechens are upon him. One of them grabs his Arsenal scarf and begins to strangle him. Ekrem chokes for a while and the Chechen loosens the knot The second Chechen pulls out an open razor. Ekrem struggl to escape...
55) 1) dialog: For my brother...
55) 2) text: The Chechen cuts Ekrem's throat then drops him onto the grave stone.
73) 0) text: Ozim is dressing frantically, his face suddenly betraying his real anxiety. He checks his watch as he puts it back on his wrist. After a moment the two Chechen brothers who killed Ekrem enter the changing room. They swagger up to Ozim.
74) 2) text: He sees a shape... a clothed body. He realizes immediatel Suddenly one of the brothers is upon him and has him in a head lock. He strokes the tattoo on Nikolai's chest as if this were confirmation of who this is. He grunts an instruction and his brother emerges through the steam wit an open razor. Nikolai is naked, alone. Suddenly he kicks the razor guy in the balls and uses a martial arts chop to free himself from the other brother. In the steam there are boots and bare feet and knees and fingers flying. Nikolai manages to gouge the eye of one brother and throw another against the wall. He obviously has serious combat training but the brothers are strong and angry. Suddenly Nikolai is slashed across the arm by the razor and blood oozes into the steam and hot water. All the men are slipping and falling on the blood and hot water. Another slash of the razor cuts his thigh open. All the men are now covered in blood and Nikolai, with a final surge of strength, manages to cripple one brother with a blow to the throat, and the other with an elbow to the temple. As the Chechens slump to the floor, Nikolai fumbles in th bloody water for the razor, finds it, kneels, and slashes their throats. He lurches to his feet, drops the razor, and staggers out of the steam room.