0) 0) text: It's 5.30pm in late December and rain is pouring. The scant Christmas decorations are hanging limp in the rain. A young Turk (EKREM) runs through the rain with a Turkish newspaper held over his head. He ducks into a traditional barber's shop called Ozim's.
1) 0) text: The shutters are drawn. OZIM (a plump middle-aged Turk) is cutting the hair of the last customer of the day (SOYK Soyka is a Chechen, well-groomed, wearing a sharp suit beneath the barber's gown. During the conversation we glimpse distinctive eagle- and star-shaped tattoos on Soyka's arms and hands. Ozim and Soyka are chatting as Ekrem enters.   Soyka spea with a Russian accent.
1) 5) dialog: (hesitantly interrupting)
1) 6) text: Uncle Ozim....... We see for the first time that Ekrem is shaking with fear as well as cold.
1) 12) dialog: Ozim... memnum etmek.
25) 0) text: The rooms above Ozim's shop have been converted into a drinking club. Ozim leads Nikolai and Kirill through the debris of the night before. As they walk through, Ekrem suddenly leaps out of the darkness with a yell. Kirill and Nikolai both react with instinctive aggression.
25) 2) dialog: I got tickets, Ozim. It's with Chelsea. They said there was no tickets but I got tickets for the Chelsea game.
54) 30) dialog: Hey! Hey Kabuka Chelsea! Fuck you!! Yeah you! Aliverisme!! Fucker!
54) 31) text: A policeman steps up to Ekrem and gives him a shove and h stumbles a little. As he gets to his feet we notice TWO CHECHEN MEN who are trailing Ekrem, ducking their heads away from the line of policemen.
55) 0) text: Ekrem is now isolated from the crowds, swigging from a ca of lager. He is chanting `Arsenal, Arsenal' to himself as he walks. He stops to take a piss on someone's grave. In the background the two Chechens are coming closer. As Ekrem zips his flies, the Chechens are upon him. One of them grabs his Arsenal scarf and begins to strangle him. Ekrem chokes for a while and the Chechen loosens the knot The second Chechen pulls out an open razor. Ekrem struggl to escape...
55) 2) text: The Chechen cuts Ekrem's throat then drops him onto the grave stone.
73) 0) text: Ozim is dressing frantically, his face suddenly betraying his real anxiety. He checks his watch as he puts it back on his wrist. After a moment the two Chechen brothers who killed Ekrem enter the changing room. They swagger up to Ozim.