12) 0) text: The side door opens to reveal a hard-looking, handsome Russian man (NIKOLAI), who stops to groom his hair back from his face and put on a pair of sunglasses as he emerg into daylight. He steps into a small courtyard, where a fierce Doberman dog is barking and snarling on the end of a chain. Nikolai is followed by KIRILL, who is a little younger, slim and pretty but hard-looking too. Kirill is dressed i a crumpled T-shirt and jeans and looks like he had a heav night. Nikolai ignores the dog as he walks by but Kirill yells at it and teases it with a whoop and few Russian curses. Nikolai unbolts the gate to the street.
12) 1) dialog: So you pick up Ozim and his bitch of a wife and you bring them back here.
12) 3) dialog: Then I'll think of an excuse and we can get away.
12) 5) text: Kirill grins and Nikolai flicks the fob of his car keys. The lights on an expensive black Mercedes glow in respons Kirill notices Anna locking up her bike at the front of the restaurant.
12) 6) dialog: Who the fuck's that?
12) 10) dialog: (grinning) You're so... fucking unbelievably disrespectful.
12) 11) text: Kirill sees that Nikolai is studying Anna and his grin fades. We sense jealousy.
12) 12) dialog: Hey, you've got work to do.   Go...
12) 13) text: Kirill grabs Nikolai's face to distract him, gives him a playful slap, but there is somehow more to it than playfulness. Nikolai gets into his car. Kirill glares at Anna as she approaches the front of the restaurant.
14) 0) text: The tables are set for a huge party. Kirill is now on step ladders, fixing some Christmas decorations. Other relatives are getting the place ready. Semyon hurries through the restaurant, leading Anna by the hand.
14) 2) text: Kirill follows Anna's progress through the restaurant wit a glare.
17) 2) text: As Anna takes the address, Kirill puts his head around the door and yells through the noise.
17) 3) dialog: Papa, Ozim is here.
18) 0) text: Kirill and Ozim are talking confidentially in a mix of Russian and Turkish whispers at a table. Ozim's wife is at a table alone, well out of their earshot, smoking a cigarette and peeling glazed figs. As Anna walks by, Ozim and Kirill stop talking. The scene has a much darker mood to the bustling scene in the kitchen, but for now Anna feels no unease. As she passes, Kirill surveys her with a deadly smile and a professional eye.
18) 1) dialog: Hey, you OK?     You want a drink?
18) 5) dialog: OK.     Merry Christmas.   Drive safely.
23) 0) text: The Trans-Siberian restaurant is smoky with cigarettes an cigars. The party is in full swing with two dozen guests and family. One of the golden-haired children is playing violin badly. The language is Russian, English and Turkis mixed. Kirill is bringing a huge baked carp to the table. His mobile phone rings and he wipes his hands on a towel to answer it. When he hears the voice, Kirill glances at his father and moves quickly out of earshot. Semyon notices but hides his concern. As Kirill walks, a child tugs his leg and holds up a soft toy, asking a question in Russian.
23) 1) dialog: (to child)
23) 7) dialog: (pause) No, not the beach. It's an English expression, you fucking baboon. I mean... (hissing out of ear shot) ...there are no police. You sure? Good.
23) 8) text: Kirill glances over at Semyon, who is apparently lost amongst a sea of children, but we see from the corner of his eye he is watching Kirill.
23) 11) dialog: (to phone)
23) 12) text: No, my dad's not involved. I'm a big boy now. I do my own stuff. Yeah. Merry Christmas. Kirill cuts the call and nods to Ozim, who stubs his ciga Semyon notices their silent communication, then turns to one of the violin-playing angels, smiles, and kisses her on both cheeks.
24) 3) dialog: You really think I do this kind of thing? Kirill puts his hand on Nikolai's shoulder
24) 4) dialog: This guy's not a driver. He's an undertaker. Ozim looks at Nikolai, highly dubious. BLUE Revision   -   11/4/06
25) 0) text: The rooms above Ozim's shop have been converted into a drinking club. Ozim leads Nikolai and Kirill through the debris of the night before. As they walk through, Ekrem suddenly leaps out of the darkness with a yell. Kirill and Nikolai both react with instinctive aggression.
25) 4) dialog: He knows to say he hasn't seen us, right Ozim? Ozim finds the key to the kitchen.
27) 0) text: The freezer door opens and Ozim gestures towards a large package bound up in black bin liners which are dusted wit frost. Kirill nods to Nikolai who grabs the package and hauls it out onto the kitchen floor. Kirill tears a hole in the bin liner and we see the frost-dusted face of Soyk
27) 3) dialog: That's him.
27) 4) text: Kirill crosses himself.
27) 5) dialog: There was a time when he was like a brother to me.
27) 7) dialog: Now he looks like a fucking ice cream.
27) 8) text: Kirill giggles.
27) 10) dialog: Respect?   This is respect.
27) 11) text: Kirill reaches into his pocket and produces an envelope which he hands to Ozim. As Ozim opens the envelope and begins to count the huge wad of cash, Kirill turns to Nikolai.
27) 12) dialog: OK, Nikolai, he's all yours. And show some respect. This Muslim is scared of ghosts.
29) 0) text: Nikolai pulls up beside a rusting crane on the abandoned dock in a dry-cleaner's van. Kirill watches as Nikolai grabs the semi-thawed body, now bagged and tied, lifts it onto his shoulder, and smartly approaches the dockside.
29) 1) dialog: Aren't you going to weight him down or something? Nikolai drops the body into the water with a splash.
34) 0) text: Nikolai gets out of the Mercedes and helps an extremely pissed Kirill out of the car into the rain. Kirill is so drunk he slips through Nikolai's hands and lands in the gutter.
34) 1) dialog: We're partners now, man, you know?
34) 5) text: Nikolai manages to lift him to his feet again. As they head towards the restaurant, Anna emerges. Nikolai looks up, curious, as Semyon kisses her on both cheeks in the doorway. As she turns Kirill stumbles forwards and collap in front of her. Nikolai looks up at Anna, his face splashed with rain.
34) 7) text: Semyon looks down at the drunken Kirill and slams the doo of the restaurant. Nikolai sighs, then turns to Kirill and starts to go through his pockets.
34) 9) text: Anna walks around the two of them, watching the undignifi struggle as Nikolai finds Kirill's keys. Nikolai smiles at her.
34) 11) text: Anna hurries away into the rain. Nikolai finds Kirill's keys and drags him toward the door of the restaurant.
35) 0) text: Nikolai heaves Kirill into a chair. Semyon is back at his novel and watches as Kirill attempts to get to his feet and then stumbles to the floor. He slumps down, now totally unconscious, breathing deeply. Nikolai smiles.
35) 2) text: Semyon steps up to where Kirill is lying and stands over him for a moment. Then he kicks him hard in the guts with all his might. Nikolai is shocked, and grabs Semyon's arm. A hand laid upon him is like deadly poison. Kirill grunts and moans.
35) 5) dialog: Hey, Papa, what did I do?    This is Merry Christmas or what?
35) 8) text: Nikolai steps in between Semyon and Kirill. Semyon is shocked that anyone should face him like this.
35) 12) text: Nikolai looks down at Kirill.
35) 15) text: Semyon bends to roughly hoist Kirill into a chair.
44) 0) text: Kirill and Nikolai are climbing out of Nikolai's Mercedes Kirill is in full flow as they walk towards the house. The rock music is audible outside the house.
44) 1) dialog: So he said to me, `who is this driver guy?' I laughed so hard.
44) 2) text: Kirill knocks on the door hard.
44) 3) dialog: And I said you were the safest guy I'd met. Solid.
44) 6) dialog: You know my dad. He didn't say nothing. But his eyes looked impressed.
44) 9) dialog: Get out of the fucking way, you black gypsy baboon.
45) 0) text: Kirill and Nikolai are swigging whisky from the bottle an dancing with the girls. Some of the girls are drinking, too, and managing to laugh. Kirill is dancing maniacally and swinging his girl around faster and faster until she falls over. Nikolai swigs his drink and notices the girl who refused to stand up. She is standing in the corner, sobbing. Nikolai doesn't care to look at her for more than a secon and he goes back to dancing. After a moment Kirill dances his way over to Nikolai and yells above the music.
45) 1) dialog: OK, which one you going to fuck!?
45) 3) dialog: Serious.      Pick one.
45) 5) text: Kirill suddenly stops dancing and stares at Nikolai. yells again over the music.
45) 6) dialog: You hear me? You're going to fuck one of these girls.
45) 8) dialog: You're going to fuck one of these girls right now. That's an order.
45) 10) text: Kirill suddenly goes to the stereo system and yanks the plug from the wall. Silence. The girls look terrified. The only sound is the sobbing of the girl who won't dance
45) 13) dialog: Come on Nikolai. Who are you going to fuck?
45) 15) dialog: I'm recommending you to my dad. I want to make sure you're not a fucking queer.
45) 16) text: Kirill looks suddenly wild.          He swigs his whisky. pause.
45) 18) dialog: Enough?
45) 19) text: Kirill hurls his whisky bottle against the wall. all flinch.
45) 20) dialog: You fucking Siberian ox don't tell a vor what is enough.
45) 21) text: A pause.   Nikolai studies Kirill's anger.
45) 22) dialog: I've brought you to my dad's best stable. He uses this place himself. They're all clean. Now I'm going to watch you fuck one of these girls to prove to me that you ain't queer.
45) 24) dialog: So which one is it going to be?
45) 27) text: Kirill smiles. WHITE Revision    -   9/12/06
46) 0) text: Nikolai is fucking the girl, who is now silent.   She is all fours, registering no emotion. Kirill is leaning against the wall, drinking wine from th bottle, watching Nikolai with burning eyes, his lust and drunken jealousy mixing together. Nikolai grits his teeth and comes inside the girl. Kirill whoops and whistles and begins to applaud. The girl is still silent, expressionless.
46) 1) dialog: You did OK!     You did OK.
49) 0) text: Nikolai pulls up in his car. He checks his look in the rear view mirror and puts on his sunglasses. As he gets out of the car he notices that Anna's motorbike is still there. He approaches it, strokes the bodywork. Suddenly, someone grabs him from behind. It's Kirill.
49) 1) dialog: Hey, come on, Nikolai, I've got a Christmas present for you.
50) 0) text: A white van is parked with its rear doors open, ready for unloading. Kirill shows Nikolai that the van is loaded with unmarked white boxes.
50) 1) dialog: Open one. Nikolai opens one of the boxes and produces a bottle of vintage champagne.
50) 2) dialog: From France. Old as fuck. Old is good with wine. Sixty quid a bottle anywhere. Except I got them for ten quid a case.
50) 4) dialog: `From where?' From where you don't ask. Give it here... Kirill snatches the bottle and begins to uncork it.
50) 7) dialog: If my dad says OK, I can start telling you about the serious stuff. Import, export. This booze is just for gifts to Papa's friends. The real import stuff is from Kabul, you understand?
50) 10) text: Kirill laughs.
50) 11) dialog: You bet it's fucking good...
50) 13) dialog: Jesus Christ, Papa... You scared me....
50) 14) text: Semyon grabs the bottle of champagne and smashes it on th floor. Kirill recoils in terror. Nikolai straightens, faces up.
50) 15) dialog: What's wrong? We're just sampling it!
50) 18) dialog: Yeah? So what? What's that got to do with me?
50) 20) text: Semyon slams Kirill against the wall once more.
50) 23) dialog: I swear I don't know nothing about it...
50) 27) dialog: (in Russian)
50) 43) text: Kirill did the right thing. Semyon hisses with fury and grabs Nikolai.
50) 51) text: Kirill did a good thing for all our people. Our people will know that. In Semyon's silence Kirill finally gathers courage...
50) 52) dialog: Papa, I swear to you, I was going to...
50) 56) text: That's OK. Kirill has got me. Semyon shows the first flicker of admiration. He then looks at Kirill with utter contempt, making the compariso with Nikolai obvious.
50) 58) dialog: You heard him, patsan!   Get these boxes out of sight.
63) 0) text: Anna is standing in the falling rain, staring over at the trans-Siberian restaurant. The restaurant is busy, with the noise of revelers swelling every time the door is opened. Anna seems to be exiled from where she should really be - Inside a restaurant like this, with its danger and vibran Suddenly she is illuminated by headlights. She turns and sees that Nikolai is pulling up in his Mercedes. Kirill i in the passenger seat. Nikolai gets out of the car and stops when he sees Anna. Anna is like a fox caught in headlights.
63) 6) text: Kirill studies the gaze between Nikolai and Anna and sens the connection.
63) 7) dialog: If you're passing, you pass. You keep going, bitch. Nikolai, come on...
63) 8) text: Kirill grabs Nikolai's arm, and after peering at Anna for a moment, he turns to go with Kirill. Anna gathers her courage.
63) 10) dialog: (laughing) 'You people'? (in Russian) What the hell is she talking about?
63) 13) text: Kirill and Nikolai stop. A swell of laughter from the restaurant. Anna is about to continue but Nikolai steps forward and places two fingers on Anna's lips to stop her from saying anymore. Anna tears his hands from her mouth. At the same time Kirill yells in Russian.
63) 14) dialog: (in Russian) What did she say?!
63) 20) text: She's a civilian! Kirill pushes Anna up against the car, but she fights him
63) 22) dialog: You don't use my father's name! You don't say that filth about him... He goes for Anna again, and this time Nikolai shoves Kiri to the wet ground. He looks up at Nikolai and slowly gets to his feet. He wipes his hands then stares into Nikolai' eyes.
63) 23) dialog: Don't even look at her any more. Headlights from a passing car sweep the scene....
63) 24) dialog: That's an order. Nikolai peers at Anna for a moment.     Anna's voice is d but cracking with fear.
63) 27) dialog: Come on Nikolai!! He turns to Anna...
63) 30) dialog: And if you open your mouth again, I'll tell my driver to stick his cock inside it! Understand? Maybe that's what you want! He offers the lights of the restaurant to her as a viciou invitation.
63) 31) dialog: You want to come in?! Maybe we all get to fuck you.... Anna stares back. Nikolai peers at her for a moment befor grabbing Kirill and pulling him away towards the restaura
64) 0) text: The place is winding up. Chefs and waiters are cleaning surfaces and dishes. The only still point is Semyon, who is cutting and wrapping the birthday cake in small parcel of golden paper. He works intensely and delicately at the back of the kitchen. Nikolai and Kirill enter. Kirill swigs a half-drunk glass of wine.
64) 1) dialog: That girl you fucked in front of me... you remember her? The Ukrainian bitch?
64) 3) dialog: So they kick down the door. These are ordinary fucking police. They ask for her by name and they take her away. Some fucking punter must have given them her name. What gives the police the right to take our women, huh? Semyon shoots Kirill a hard look: he's talking too much and too loudly. Kirill ignores the look.
64) 4) dialog: Hey Papa, I never seen so many old people in one place. Whose party is it out there? The angel of death?
64) 8) text: Semyon works on for a moment then glances at Kirill.
64) 10) text: Kirill turns to leave.
64) 11) dialog: Come on, Nikolai, help me.
64) 13) text: A confused pause.     Kirill looks from Nikolai to his fa
64) 14) dialog: What business?
64) 15) text: A pause as Kirill suddenly senses his exclusion.
64) 16) dialog: Papa, what business? His business is my business.
64) 17) text: Semyon stares at Kirill and Kirill knows the look.
64) 19) text: Kirill hesitates. He is angry as hell but too scared of his father's gaze to say anything. Finally he turns fast and departs, slamming his open hand against the door as h goes. Semyon waits a moment before returning to the business of cutting the cake. Finally...
65) 0) text: The cellar is half lit, the arched walls lined with crate of wine. Flour, grease and potatoes are stored here. As Nikolai walks down the steps into the gloom, he hears Kir singing a Russian folk song to himself as he drags a case of brandy across the cellar floor. Kirill has already opened a bottle of brandy and takes a long swig as Nikolai joins him. He grins as he gestures at the brandy...
65) 1) dialog: My dad swapped a little Georgian girl for this stuff. Nikolai sits down on a crate, rests his head against the wall. Kirill joins him and swigs some more.
65) 2) dialog: Hey, don't feel bad. What happened up there is just how he is. He plays people against each other. That's all. I realize more and more what he's like. Here, drink to the Georgian girl... Kirill offers the bottle to Nikolai but he refuses.
65) 5) dialog: What?   I drink alone now.
65) 8) text: A long pause. This is what Kirill wanted, but now it feel like a stab in the back. Finally Kirill swallows a huge swig of brandy then turns awkwardly to hug Nikolai. He squeezes him hard for a long time then shoves him away.
65) 9) dialog: (lying)) You think I didn't know already? He told me before. It was my fucking idea. He said there are a lot of things I have to teach you.
65) 10) text: Nikolai nods.    Kirill gets to his feet....
65) 11) dialog: Some stuff will take a long time. I've been protecting you until now.
65) 13) dialog: What?
65) 15) dialog: You think I don't know stuff you don't know? I am vor by birth. The stars are a birthmark for me...
65) 17) text: Kirill is about to fly into a rage but Nikolai gets to hi feet.
65) 18) dialog: Where the fuck are you going? We've got to celebrate. Help me with these bottles.
65) 22) dialog: Hey! We're still partners, right? Thunder and lightning! Nikolai climbs the steps. Kirill is left to swig his bran and stare into the darkness. He wipes his eyes angrily with his sleeve.
84) 0) text: The restaurant is filled with balloons of every color, al over the floor and bouncing off the tables. A large `Happ New Year' banner is hanging from the wall. Kirill is sitting on the floor amongst the balloons, blow up another one. Maria, Semyon's little granddaughter, run in to the restaurant and stops to stare at Kirill. He begins to inflate another balloon then stops.
84) 1) dialog: (in Russian)
84) 4) text: You. Maria comes to him and take a balloon. She tries to blow it up but fails. Kirill smiles and blows it up for her.
84) 6) dialog: Nothing, baby.
84) 8) dialog: Someone I know got hurt and I blamed Grandpa.
84) 12) dialog: No. It's not a fight if one of you doesn't fight back.
84) 13) text: A pause.     Kirill smiles.   We see slight abrasions.
84) 14) dialog: So, today I do as I am told.
84) 15) text: She nods and Kirill blows another balloon. At that moment Kirill sees on the security monitor behind the bar that a police car is pulling up outside the restaurant. His face clouds as another pulls up beside it.
84) 16) dialog: Maria.   Go upstairs.
86) 0) text: Kirill is preparing food for the night's festivities. Semyon enters and goes straight to the sink. He pulls off the plaster from his arm where the blood was taken and pours some vodka over the tiny puncture hole.
86) 1) dialog: What did they want with you, papa?
86) 5) dialog: Why would they want your blood, papa? For the first time Semyon looks vulnerable and confused a he admits....
86) 11) text: Kirill is reluctant to speak at first but eventually chan his arm.
86) 12) dialog: Maybe it's about the baby.
86) 15) dialog: Some bitch was out there saying you were the father of a baby.
86) 16) text: Semyon turns to Kirill, his face hardening...
86) 18) text: Semyon approaches and Kirill gets scared.
86) 19) dialog: It was nothing. Just some bitch...
86) 21) dialog: The woman from the hospital.   The midwife.
86) 22) text: Semyon stares into Kirill's eyes and Kirill mistakes his frantic thought process for anger. Kirill backs away. Semyon is beginning to catch up.
87) 0) text: The main entrance of the hospital is busy with visitors and staff. There is a `Happy New Year' banner across the entrance. In amongst the bustle of visitors we spy a youn man with his collar turned up and a bunch of red roses in his hand. We then see that it is Kirill, entering the hospital. GOLDENROD Revision   -   11/27/06                      10
89) 0) text: We are close on Kirill's face as he studies a map of the hospital near the elevators. Anna comes down a stairwell and spots Kirill - she especially notices the roses - just as he gets into an elevator. The elevator doors close. Was it really him? Anna is not sure. She frowns.
90) 0) text: A door opens and Kirill steps into striped moonlight. Clamping the roses under his arm, he pulls a black zip-up sports bag from under his coat. After a brief dialogue with himself, he produces a half bottle of vodka and take a swig. Then he hurries on.
93) 0) text: Kirill is at the wheel of Nikolai's Mercedes. He swigs from his bottle of vodka, which is now more than half emp He fires the engine and reverses. A car passing by has to slam on its brakes. Kirill yells.
93) 1) dialog: Hey, you stupid fucker!! A horn blows. The passing car accelerates angrily by. The we hear a baby crying. Kirill looks into the half darknes of the back seat and we see Kirill's black sports bag, partially zipped up. Christine is crying inside it, her little grasping hand protruding past the zipper. Kirill speaks softly.
93) 2) dialog: Be quiet baby. Quiet baby.    It's OK. PINK Revision     -   11/12/06                         10
96) 0) text: The same dockside where Nikolai dumped Soyka and recommen this as the best place to dispose of a body. Kirill pulls up slowly in Nikolai's Mercedes. The car is parked for a long time before finally the headlights are switched off.
99) 0) text: On the edge of the dockside, Kirill is kneeling with the zip-up bag before him. Suddenly fireworks begin to burst over the Thames. It is the stroke of midnight. Kirill unzips the bag. When he looks inside Christine stops crying. He peers at her, wiping away tears.
99) 1) dialog: She's a little girl, Papa, a little sweet fucking girl... Kirill sobs then Christine cries...
99) 2) dialog: Shush, shush... Kirill lifts her out of the bag and holds her close to him, fireworks still illuminating the London skyline. He looks down at the freezing cold water, utterly confused. He whispers...
99) 3) dialog: (in Russian)
99) 10) dialog: You stay where you are.
99) 15) text: It's our turn now. Nikolai steps forward slowly.    As he gets closer Kirill hugs the baby. Finally Nikolai reaches Kirill and hugs him. As he does he edges him away from the dockside. The three of them ar locked in a long embrace. Nikolai emerges from the embrace with Christine in his arms. He quickly hands her to Anna who hugs her close. Kirill turns to Nikolai.
99) 16) dialog: I swear I didn't know my dad was setting you up.
99) 22) text: Kirill smiles through his tears and nods.
99) 24) text: A pause. Kirill dries his eyes and heads for the car. Nikolai looks at Anna, who is hugging the baby. He waits a long time before realizing he must leave her.
99) 31) dialog: You come on, Nikolai! We're missing the fucking party of the year out there!! Get here and drive!! (in Russian)