12) 0) text: The side door opens to reveal a hard-looking, handsome Russian man (NIKOLAI), who stops to groom his hair back from his face and put on a pair of sunglasses as he emerg into daylight. He steps into a small courtyard, where a fierce Doberman dog is barking and snarling on the end of a chain. Nikolai is followed by KIRILL, who is a little younger, slim and pretty but hard-looking too. Kirill is dressed i a crumpled T-shirt and jeans and looks like he had a heav night. Nikolai ignores the dog as he walks by but Kirill yells at it and teases it with a whoop and few Russian curses. Nikolai unbolts the gate to the street.
12) 4) dialog: I'll think of an excuse. Your excuses are like fucking fairy tales.
12) 5) text: Kirill grins and Nikolai flicks the fob of his car keys. The lights on an expensive black Mercedes glow in respons Kirill notices Anna locking up her bike at the front of the restaurant.
12) 9) dialog: (in Russian) Maybe somebody sent your dad a hooker for Christmas.
12) 11) text: Kirill sees that Nikolai is studying Anna and his grin fades. We sense jealousy.
12) 13) text: Kirill grabs Nikolai's face to distract him, gives him a playful slap, but there is somehow more to it than playfulness. Nikolai gets into his car. Kirill glares at Anna as she approaches the front of the restaurant.
13) 0) text: As Nikolai drives away, Anna rings the doorbell beside th front door. There is no reply. She is about to ring again when the door opens. We see SEMYON, a Russian man in his late sixties. He is wiping his hands on a tea towel, dressed in a spotlessly white apron. He has the sparkling piercing eyes of a falcon.
16) 0) text: Nikolai's black Mercedes pulls up outside the restaurant and parks a few inches from Anna's motorbike. The rear windows are sun shaded so we only see Nikolai in the driver's seat.   He gets out of the car and opens the rea door of the car for an elegantly dressed Turkish lady in her fifties. Nikolai goes to the other rear door. The portly figure of Ozim the barber emerges. As Ozim gets ou he gives Nikolai a fifty-pound note.
19) 0) text: Anna emerges into the daylight. As she does she sees that four expensive-looking cars have already parked and vario ostentatiously dressed Russian and Turkish couples with their children are emerging from their cars. The women ar all wearing furs, even the little girls. The men wear leather or dark suits. They greet each other exuberantly as they emerge from their cars. Anna suddenly feels slightly uneasy. As she approaches her motorbike she sees Nikolai leaning against the bonnet of his car, smoking, still wearing shades. His bumper is almost touching Anna' bike.
19) 1) dialog: (in Russian) Nice bike.
19) 3) dialog: Nice bike.
19) 5) dialog: A Ural. You don't see them anymore.
19) 7) dialog: How much do you want for it?
19) 10) text: Nikolai rolls the concept around in his mind and consider
19) 13) dialog: `Sentimental value'.   I've heard of that.
19) 17) dialog: You're not staying for the party?
19) 19) dialog: Nor me. Chauffeurs don't get invited. You want to go for a drink instead? Anna mounts her bike.
19) 21) dialog: Sometimes if things are closed you just open them up, you know? Anna now feels intimidated and luckily the bike fires fir time. She rides away. Nikolai watches her go and then stubs his cigarette.
24) 0) text: We see the car pull up sharply outside Ozim's barber's shop. Nikolai jumps out and opens the door for Ozim.
25) 0) text: The rooms above Ozim's shop have been converted into a drinking club. Ozim leads Nikolai and Kirill through the debris of the night before. As they walk through, Ekrem suddenly leaps out of the darkness with a yell. Kirill and Nikolai both react with instinctive aggression.
27) 0) text: The freezer door opens and Ozim gestures towards a large package bound up in black bin liners which are dusted wit frost. Kirill nods to Nikolai who grabs the package and hauls it out onto the kitchen floor. Kirill tears a hole in the bin liner and we see the frost-dusted face of Soyk
27) 11) text: Kirill reaches into his pocket and produces an envelope which he hands to Ozim. As Ozim opens the envelope and begins to count the huge wad of cash, Kirill turns to Nikolai.
27) 13) text: Nikolai squeezes the body inside the bags.       It is ro hard.
27) 14) dialog: Have you got a hair dryer?
28) 3) dialog: You'd better burn that.
28) 4) text: Ozim, reacting to the cold of the wallet and to the horro of it, drops the thing on the floor. Nikolai looks at Ozim as if he were a complete amateur.
28) 5) dialog: Did you finish cutting his hair?
28) 7) dialog: I just thought you might want six- fifty out of his pockets.
28) 10) dialog: OK, now I'm going to do his teeth and cut off his fingers. (to Ozim)
28) 12) dialog: You too, Kirill. Kirill smiles and pats Nikolai on the cheek. Kirill leaves. Nikolai is left alone. His hand shakes a little as he picks up his cup of coffee.
29) 0) text: Nikolai pulls up beside a rusting crane on the abandoned dock in a dry-cleaner's van. Kirill watches as Nikolai grabs the semi-thawed body, now bagged and tied, lifts it onto his shoulder, and smartly approaches the dockside.
29) 2) dialog: If you want to dump a body, this is the place. The currents keep it under the surface until past the barrier. Nikolai and Kirill watch as the body is swallowed by a fast ocean-bound current.
33) 11) text: There is nothing in Semyon's smile to cause alarm but Ann perhaps remembers Nikolai. Finally...
34) 0) text: Nikolai gets out of the Mercedes and helps an extremely pissed Kirill out of the car into the rain. Kirill is so drunk he slips through Nikolai's hands and lands in the gutter.
34) 4) dialog: Yeah, yeah, I know.
34) 5) text: Nikolai manages to lift him to his feet again. As they head towards the restaurant, Anna emerges. Nikolai looks up, curious, as Semyon kisses her on both cheeks in the doorway. As she turns Kirill stumbles forwards and collap in front of her. Nikolai looks up at Anna, his face splashed with rain.
34) 6) dialog: What? You never seen anybody pissed before?
34) 7) text: Semyon looks down at the drunken Kirill and slams the doo of the restaurant. Nikolai sighs, then turns to Kirill and starts to go through his pockets.
34) 8) dialog: Come on, Kirill. Where are your keys?
34) 9) text: Anna walks around the two of them, watching the undignifi struggle as Nikolai finds Kirill's keys. Nikolai smiles at her.
34) 10) dialog: Who are you, anyway?
34) 11) text: Anna hurries away into the rain. Nikolai finds Kirill's keys and drags him toward the door of the restaurant.
35) 0) text: Nikolai heaves Kirill into a chair. Semyon is back at his novel and watches as Kirill attempts to get to his feet and then stumbles to the floor. He slumps down, now totally unconscious, breathing deeply. Nikolai smiles.
35) 1) dialog: We went to a Kurdish place. They don't even celebrate Christmas.
35) 2) text: Semyon steps up to where Kirill is lying and stands over him for a moment. Then he kicks him hard in the guts with all his might. Nikolai is shocked, and grabs Semyon's arm. A hand laid upon him is like deadly poison. Kirill grunts and moans.
35) 7) dialog: I think he's had enough.
35) 8) text: Nikolai steps in between Semyon and Kirill. Semyon is shocked that anyone should face him like this.
35) 10) text: Nikolai's face hardens.
35) 11) dialog: We're partners.
35) 12) text: Nikolai looks down at Kirill.
35) 13) dialog: He's thunder, I'm lightning. He makes all the noise, I do all the damage.
35) 17) dialog: Well, you got more than a driver.
35) 18) text: Nikolai reaches into his pocket for a business card and offers it to Semyon. As Semyon looks at the card in the candle light, he also sees the TATTOO OF AN EAGLE on Nikolai's hand. It is obvious that the tattoo means more than the card to Semyon, and he reacts.
35) 19) dialog: I run a mini-cab business.
35) 23) dialog: Albanians, Chechens, Russians. They deliver packages. Anything. Anywhere. A pause.
35) 24) dialog: I only took this job so that I could get to meet you. (in Russian)
35) 25) text: I think you and I could do business together. A pause.   Semyon looks at Nikolai with utter contempt.
36) 0) text: Nikolai hurries   out to his car in the rain. He hears an engine splutter   and spots Anna still trying to kick-sta her motorbike.    He approaches. She's already soaked. Nikolai watches   her try to start the bike and fail.
36) 1) dialog: You've got water in it. Deadpan, Anna looks up and holds out her hand into pourin rain.
36) 3) dialog: The postmen used these. In my village. When I was a boy. Russian copy of BMW flat twin. Anna tries one more time to start the bike and growls wit fury. Nikolai gently takes her shoulders and after a brie resistance Anna climbs off the bike. Nikolai sits astride it. He kicks it. It fails to start. Anna folds her arms.
36) 8) dialog: Get a bus. Anna curses under her breath. Nikolai isn't sure what to make of her. She begins to chain the bike's rear wheel.
36) 9) dialog: You got far to go? Anna tucks her crash helmet under her arm and prepares to set off walking.
36) 11) dialog: I'm a driver. I even do limousines. Look... Nikolai opens the rear car door.
36) 12) dialog: If Semyon found out I let one of his guests walk home in the rain, he'd fire me. And I can take care of your bike. So... Nikolai holds open the rear car door.       Rain pours.
37) 0) text: Nikolai is driving Anna through the rain-swept streets. The wipers beat time as they drive in silence. As Nikolai holds the steering wheel, Anna sees the intricate detail of the eagle tattoo on the back of his right hand.
37) 1) dialog: So you're a midwife. Jesus. Anna smiles politely.
37) 2) dialog: What's it like?
37) 4) dialog: I didn't faint, but it was close.
37) 8) text: Nikolai half shrugs.      Pause.
37) 10) dialog: Yeah, I know, I know, it's just... it makes me upset, you know? Thinking about it. This time of year. They're back in Yekaterinburg. In the forests. Near the mountains.
37) 13) text: Nikolai turns.
37) 15) dialog: I'm... sort of freelance.
37) 17) text: Nikolai doesn't answer.      Anna decides she can be bold
37) 19) dialog: I meet lots of girls called Tatiana.
37) 21) dialog: In that case, no, I never heard of her.
37) 22) text: Anna doesn't care for the smile on Nikolai's face.
37) 26) dialog: I thought you did birth.
37) 29) dialog: (quickly, without a pause)
37) 30) text: You know what? I hate the rain. This time of year. You ever been to Russia at Christmas? Man, snow that covers your whole house. Nikolai glances at Anna in the rear-view mirror.
37) 31) dialog: Oh yeah. And the ice. Whole lakes covered in ice. You don't want to walk across them, though. Ice gets thin where you least expect it.
37) 33) dialog: Like I said, I'm a driver. I go left, I go right, I go straight ahead. That's it. Anna nods, her curiosity and suspicions aroused.     Niko glances at her.
37) 34) dialog: What?
37) 39) dialog: Christmas present.
38) 0) text: Nikolai watches her hurry to her front door and let herse in.
44) 0) text: Kirill and Nikolai are climbing out of Nikolai's Mercedes Kirill is in full flow as they walk towards the house. The rock music is audible outside the house.
44) 5) dialog: And what did he say?
45) 0) text: Kirill and Nikolai are swigging whisky from the bottle an dancing with the girls. Some of the girls are drinking, too, and managing to laugh. Kirill is dancing maniacally and swinging his girl around faster and faster until she falls over. Nikolai swigs his drink and notices the girl who refused to stand up. She is standing in the corner, sobbing. Nikolai doesn't care to look at her for more than a secon and he goes back to dancing. After a moment Kirill dances his way over to Nikolai and yells above the music.
45) 2) dialog: (laughing) What's it to you?
45) 4) dialog: I'm just enjoying myself, man...
45) 5) text: Kirill suddenly stops dancing and stares at Nikolai. yells again over the music.
45) 7) dialog: OK, OK, Jesus...
45) 9) dialog: What?       What's the matter with you?
45) 17) dialog: You've drunk enough Kirill.
45) 21) text: A pause.   Nikolai studies Kirill's anger.
45) 25) text: Silence. Nikolai looks around the room.           Finally turns to the girl who is sobbing.
45) 26) dialog: Her.
46) 0) text: Nikolai is fucking the girl, who is now silent.   She is all fours, registering no emotion. Kirill is leaning against the wall, drinking wine from th bottle, watching Nikolai with burning eyes, his lust and drunken jealousy mixing together. Nikolai grits his teeth and comes inside the girl. Kirill whoops and whistles and begins to applaud. The girl is still silent, expressionless.
46) 2) dialog: Yeah? Nikolai glares at Kirill.
46) 3) dialog: Well if my examination is over, get the fuck out of here while I get dressed. Kirill grins and offers the girl an elaborate bow before leaving. Finally alone, Nikolai gently helps the girl to lie down. She is numb. He covers her up with a blanket then begins to pull on his clothes. The girl is staring u at the ceiling. After a few moments she begins to sing a Russian folk son softly under her breath. Nikolai speaks to her softly in Russian.
46) 4) dialog: (in Russian)
46) 5) text: What's your last name? A pause. Finally the girl stops singing but is silent. Nikolai is insistent.
46) 6) dialog: (in Russian)
46) 11) dialog: (in Russian) Where are you from?
46) 12) text: Silence. She looks up and stares into Nikolai's eyes. She sees some urgency there...
46) 14) dialog: (in Ukrainian) Where? Which village? Which town?
46) 16) text: The girl is asking a silent question but Nikolai doesn't linger. He heads for the door then stops and turns.
46) 17) dialog: (in Ukrainian) Stay alive a little longer.
49) 0) text: Nikolai pulls up in his car. He checks his look in the rear view mirror and puts on his sunglasses. As he gets out of the car he notices that Anna's motorbike is still there. He approaches it, strokes the bodywork. Suddenly, someone grabs him from behind. It's Kirill.
50) 0) text: A white van is parked with its rear doors open, ready for unloading. Kirill shows Nikolai that the van is loaded with unmarked white boxes.
50) 3) dialog: From where?
50) 9) dialog: Import-export sounds good.
50) 12) text: Nikolai hands the bottle back. As he does, one of the van doors is kicked closed revealing Semyon, suddenly upon them.
50) 14) text: Semyon grabs the bottle of champagne and smashes it on th floor. Kirill recoils in terror. Nikolai straightens, faces up.
50) 25) dialog: Your dad is right, Kirill.       There's no point lying to him. A pause. Semyon and Kirill are frozen for a moment. Nikolai calmly lights a cigarette.
50) 26) dialog: Ozim's nephew slit Soyka's throat. Kirill paid him to do it. There is stunned silence.       Semyon loosens his grip o Kirill.
50) 29) dialog: (in Russian)
50) 30) text: Your dad always knows the truth anyway. Nikolai and Semyon survey each other.
50) 31) dialog: But it's OK boss. You don't have to worry...
50) 34) dialog: I disposed of the body myself. The police won't find a thing. Semyon has now lost all interest in Kirill and is concentrating on Nikolai. He laughs with incredulity.
50) 40) dialog: The vory code says you don't talk to anybody about your captain. Kirill is my captain. Semyon circles Nikolai.
50) 41) dialog: When I found out what had happened, I did what I had to do to clean the situation up. Kirill is about to speak but before he can, Nikolai speak for him.
50) 42) dialog: It was a matter of honor. Soyka was spreading lies about Kirill. About your family. (in Russian)
50) 43) text: Kirill did the right thing. Semyon hisses with fury and grabs Nikolai.
50) 45) dialog: You know as well as I do Soyka was talking to the police. A pause. Semyon is shocked at the depth of Nikolai's knowledge. He peers at him.
50) 47) dialog: I've got connections with the Chechens who export cars. Soyka was speaking to the Russian desk. Scotland Yard.
50) 50) dialog: (in Russian)
50) 55) dialog: (with a smile)
50) 56) text: That's OK. Kirill has got me. Semyon shows the first flicker of admiration. He then looks at Kirill with utter contempt, making the compariso with Nikolai obvious.
51) 5) text: There is a tension that builds until Nikolai's Mercedes suddenly looms into view, filling the street window of th burger bar. Nikolai gets out of his car, all shades and sharp suit.
51) 9) text: Stepan removes his hand, empty, his bravado crushed. Nikolai enters the restaurant and spots Anna. He comes and sits at the table beside Stepan, opposite Anna. It's a tight squeeze. Anna and Helen are stiff with terror. Nikolai smiles.
51) 10) dialog: Meet in a public place with lots of people around. Very wise.
51) 12) dialog: And I see you brought along a body guard. Also very wise.
51) 17) text: When I was in the KGB, we knew how to deal with scum like you. Nikolai smiles.
51) 18) dialog: (in Russian)
51) 23) dialog: What address?
51) 25) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. Nikolai calmly heads for the door.      Stepan hisses.
52) 0) text: Nikolai has emerged into the busy suburban street and is about to get in to his car. Anna flies at him, yelling.
52) 4) text: Nikolai casually hits the key fob of his car.
52) 6) text: Passers-by stare at Anna. Helen and Stepan have come out of the restaurant to restrain her. Nikolai stops and judg the fury on Anna's face. He speaks calmly.
52) 7) dialog: Anger is very dangerous. It makes people do stupid things. Forget any of this ever happened. You're in the wrong place, Anna Ivanovna.
52) 9) dialog: You belong in there. With nice people. Stay away from people like me.
52) 10) text: Anna and Nikolai are staring at each other, suddenly a strange connection between them. Then Stepan steps forward and spits in Nikolai's face, delivering a Russian curse as he does so. Nikolai almost reacts out of instinct but stops himself. Nikolai wipes his face and peers into Anna's eyes. he gets into his car and drives away.
53) 0) text: Nikolai is alone, sitting at a candlelit table, reading Tatiana's diary. We hear Tatiana in voice-over...
53) 6) text: He sees Semyon approaching from the kitchen and closes th diary. Semyon grabs a bottle of vodka from the bar on his way to sit opposite Nikolai. Nikolai pushes the diary across the table. Semyon pours two drinks.
53) 10) text: Nikolai senses a change of attitude towards him. As if Semyon were beginning to accept him into the fold. Semyon raises a toast.
53) 12) dialog: Nasdrovia.
53) 15) text: Nikolai looks anxious.
53) 16) dialog: (in Russian) It was nothing important.
53) 19) dialog: I don't want to repeat it.
53) 23) text: For me you will repeat it. Nikolai doesn't respond. It is obvious that Semyon half knows already. He shrugs...
53) 26) dialog: That he is a drunk.    And that he is also... a queer. Semyon swigs his vodka and Nikolai swigs his. Semyon pour two more. Semyon has to stare out of the window to hide his emotion.
53) 33) dialog: So why don't you go home? Semyon smiles, as if seeing Moscow through the window.
53) 36) dialog: FSB.   They are called FSB now.
53) 44) dialog: I met him.
54) 0) text: Anna exits, pulling on her coat against the cold. She stops in her tracks when she sees her unchained motorbike parked in the parking bay. She hears Nikolai's voice over her shoulder.
54) 3) dialog: I thought I'd bring it back before it got stolen. Lot of villains around. Sorry about the chain.
54) 5) dialog: I got that address you wanted.
54) 6) text: Anna turns and sees Nikolai is offering a scrap of paper.
54) 7) dialog: A little village outside St. Petersburg. I know it. Not much of a place for a kid to grow up in. Especially not a girl.
54) 8) text: She hesitates.       Nikolai approaches and gives her the address.
54) 9) dialog: If you want my opinion, the kid would be better off in London. Maybe with you. Why not? Tatiana's family don't sound like the kind of people who'd want another mouth to feed.
54) 12) text: Nikolai looks all around.        Anna studies him, unsure
54) 14) dialog: I told you.    I'm just a driver.
54) 19) dialog: I'm a camera. The pictures stay in my head. Anna sees pain in his eyes.     She peers at the address.
54) 21) dialog: I don't know. I was passing. After a long moment Anna turns away.
54) 22) dialog: Oh, and... your uncle. Nikolai smiles.
54) 23) dialog: Is it true he was in the KGB?
54) 25) dialog: Well, he's a brave old man.    That's for sure. A pause.
54) 26) dialog: Does he live with you? Anna is about to answer but stops herself. Nikolai peers at her and finally shrugs then turns to walk away. He gestures at the bike.
54) 27) dialog: I fixed it.    It should be OK now. Anna watches him walk away into the street. 54   EXT. CHELSEA FOOTBALL GROUND. SIDE STREETS - NIGHT. Crowds of football supporters are streaming away from the football stadium, where the floodlights are still casting their glow. There are Arsenal and Chelsea supporters on opposite sides of the street and there is some mildly vicious yelling between the two groups. Police are visibl keeping order.
60) 0) text: A large public housing estate is being swept by rain. Christmas lights glow in the windows of the dilapidated tower blocks. Stepan is walking against the wind, carryin a bag of shopping. He holds onto his Russian hat to stop it blowing away. Kids splash in the puddles. Stepan arrives at the front garden of his small, ground- floor council flat. As he fumbles for his keys in the col we see that Nikolai is watching him from the driver's sea of his Mercedes. Once Stepan has disappeared into his flat, Nikolai gets out of the car and approaches Stepan's flat.
63) 0) text: Anna is standing in the falling rain, staring over at the trans-Siberian restaurant. The restaurant is busy, with the noise of revelers swelling every time the door is opened. Anna seems to be exiled from where she should really be - Inside a restaurant like this, with its danger and vibran Suddenly she is illuminated by headlights. She turns and sees that Nikolai is pulling up in his Mercedes. Kirill i in the passenger seat. Nikolai gets out of the car and stops when he sees Anna. Anna is like a fox caught in headlights.
63) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
63) 6) text: Kirill studies the gaze between Nikolai and Anna and sens the connection.
63) 8) text: Kirill grabs Nikolai's arm, and after peering at Anna for a moment, he turns to go with Kirill. Anna gathers her courage.
63) 13) text: Kirill and Nikolai stop. A swell of laughter from the restaurant. Anna is about to continue but Nikolai steps forward and places two fingers on Anna's lips to stop her from saying anymore. Anna tears his hands from her mouth. At the same time Kirill yells in Russian.
63) 19) dialog: (in Russian))
63) 26) dialog: There is nothing to tell.      Slaves give birth to slaves... Kirill yells....
64) 0) text: The place is winding up. Chefs and waiters are cleaning surfaces and dishes. The only still point is Semyon, who is cutting and wrapping the birthday cake in small parcel of golden paper. He works intensely and delicately at the back of the kitchen. Nikolai and Kirill enter. Kirill swigs a half-drunk glass of wine.
64) 2) dialog: No.
64) 13) text: A confused pause.     Kirill looks from Nikolai to his fa
64) 21) text: Nikolai nods. A pause.     Semyon looks up and fixes Nikolai with a sta
64) 25) text: It's time you joined us. A long moment. The thing Nikolai has been working for has finally happened. There seems to be little joy.
64) 26) dialog: (in Russian)
64) 27) text: Thank you. Papa. Semyon returns to his work.    Nikolai hesitates.
64) 28) dialog: What shall I tell Kirill? Semyon continues with the cake, unconcerned.
65) 0) text: The cellar is half lit, the arched walls lined with crate of wine. Flour, grease and potatoes are stored here. As Nikolai walks down the steps into the gloom, he hears Kir singing a Russian folk song to himself as he drags a case of brandy across the cellar floor. Kirill has already opened a bottle of brandy and takes a long swig as Nikolai joins him. He grins as he gestures at the brandy...
65) 6) text: Nikolai decides to bite the bullet, get this news over with.
65) 7) dialog: He offered me stars. I accepted them.
65) 8) text: A long pause. This is what Kirill wanted, but now it feel like a stab in the back. Finally Kirill swallows a huge swig of brandy then turns awkwardly to hug Nikolai. He squeezes him hard for a long time then shoves him away.
65) 10) text: Nikolai nods.    Kirill gets to his feet....
65) 12) dialog: Yeah.
65) 16) dialog: I know, Kirill.
65) 17) text: Kirill is about to fly into a rage but Nikolai gets to hi feet.
65) 21) dialog: Your dad don't need the bottles any more. As Nikolai departs Kirill calls after him.
66) 0) text: The curtains are drawn against the rainy light. The Gypsy Valery, Semyon and TWO OTHER RUSSIAN MEN are sitting in a line behind a restaurant table, like a judging panel. After a moment Nikolai enters, dressed in suit and tie fo the biggest interview of his life. The vory behind the table greet him. Then Nikolai takes off his jacket and removes his tie. He then takes off his shirt, to reveal that his upper body i decorated with elaborate tattoos (details to follow). He carefully places his shirt over the chair then sits down. The panel of the vory study his body, the Gypsy pushing a candle across the table to better illuminate th detail of the tattoos. Only after the men have studied the tattoos does the interview begin.
66) 4) dialog: My father was a government worker. He fixed the cars of officials. I began by selling the spare parts when I was fifteen.
66) 6) dialog: None.
66) 8) dialog: I spent two years in the punishment block.
66) 10) dialog: I was in solitary confinement fifteen times. I was called 'The Stump' because they couldn't shift me.
66) 12) text: Nikolai flickers a little.
66) 13) dialog: That's right. My father means nothing to me. My Mother....
66) 17) dialog: Yes. I have no mother and no father. There is only the code, the vory v zakone code which I have always followed.
66) 19) dialog: I am dead already. I died when I was fifteen. Now I live in the zone all the time.
66) 21) dialog: I have lived off Albanians and Georgians. I steal from them within the law. The questions and answers are delivered with great solemnity, making the ceremony feel almost religious. Candles burn, the men all sip water. Semyon is silent throughout but listens attentively. Towards the end of the interview there is the ghost of a smile on the Gypsy's face and this pleases Semyon.
70) 0) text: We are in St. Pancras, North London. More rain. Ozim is waiting nervously, blowing into his hands against the cold. The Turkish bath building is a Victorian red-brick edifice. Nikolai pulls up in his Mercedes.
71) 0) text: Ozim and Nikolai are undressing. The place is deserted apart from an OLD TURKISH BATH-HOUSE ATTENDANT who is distributing towels. Ozim is unbuttoning his shirt.
71) 2) text: Nikolai is pulling off his shirt and Ozim reacts to the sight of the fresh eight-pointed star tattoos. Ozim chuckles.
71) 4) text: Ozim disappears into a steam room, naked. Nikolai watches him go, a private agenda bubbling beneath the surface.
72) 0) text: Ozim and Nikolai sit side by side, sweating.    There is one else in the steam room.
72) 2) dialog: How come?
72) 5) dialog: Where do they dock? Ozim grins.
74) 0) text: Nikolai is sweating hard, staring at the ceiling. The steam room door opens but the steam is now so thick he can't see who has entered.
74) 1) dialog: Ozim?
74) 2) text: He sees a shape... a clothed body. He realizes immediatel Suddenly one of the brothers is upon him and has him in a head lock. He strokes the tattoo on Nikolai's chest as if this were confirmation of who this is. He grunts an instruction and his brother emerges through the steam wit an open razor. Nikolai is naked, alone. Suddenly he kicks the razor guy in the balls and uses a martial arts chop to free himself from the other brother. In the steam there are boots and bare feet and knees and fingers flying. Nikolai manages to gouge the eye of one brother and throw another against the wall. He obviously has serious combat training but the brothers are strong and angry. Suddenly Nikolai is slashed across the arm by the razor and blood oozes into the steam and hot water. All the men are slipping and falling on the blood and hot water. Another slash of the razor cuts his thigh open. All the men are now covered in blood and Nikolai, with a final surge of strength, manages to cripple one brother with a blow to the throat, and the other with an elbow to the temple. As the Chechens slump to the floor, Nikolai fumbles in th bloody water for the razor, finds it, kneels, and slashes their throats. He lurches to his feet, drops the razor, and staggers out of the steam room.
76) 0) text: Nikolai is being hurried down the corridor, his face cove with an oxygen mask. He is covered with a surgical gown which is covered in blood. His arm flops out from under the covers as the paramedics rush him into the hospital. Anna is walking in the opposite direction. Then, as Nikolai's trolley passes, Anna sees Nikolai's arm, floppi from under the covers. She sees the eagle tattoo on the back of his hand. Anna freezes.
77) 0) text: Nikolai is conscious in bed, attached to a single drip. His wounds have been stitched up. A doctor and two nurses are settling Nikolai's vital sign moving around him, checking his temperature. Finally they clear the bed and through the glass of the room we see Anna, standing outside, staring in at Nikolai.
78) 0) text: Nikolai is peering through half-opened eyes. The last nurse is checking his vital signs. Then Anna enters. The nurse stops work...
78) 5) text: Anna glances at Nikolai who is rousing himself.
78) 9) text: The nurse is reluctant but sees Anna's fierce stare and finally leaves. After she has gone Nikolai stirs, focuses on her face.
78) 10) dialog: I thought you did birth.
78) 11) text: Nikolai smiles, but Anna is trying hard to even out her fear and anger.
78) 13) text: Nikolai tries to sit up and registers pain.
78) 15) text: A pause. Nikolai gasps in pain as he raises himself up. Anna sees the wounds on his arms and glimpses the tattoos on his chest, scaring her even more.
78) 17) text: Nikolai reaches for a bottle of water and manages to take a swig. Anna is impatient for a reaction.
78) 19) text: A pause. Nikolai finishes the bottle of water in one thirsty swig. Finally...
78) 20) dialog: Yes.
78) 22) dialog: He's in Scotland. In Edinburgh. In a five-star hotel.
78) 27) dialog: I'm going to need some clothes. I arrived here without any. Can you get me some? Anna doesn't budge.
78) 28) dialog: I can't walk out of here naked.
78) 30) dialog: Your uncle knew too much. Nikolai shrugs.
78) 31) dialog: I was told to get rid of him. I was meant to send him to heaven with a bullet in his head. Instead I sent him to Edinburgh. With a first-class ticket. A pause.
78) 32) dialog: He is of the old school. He understood the situation. Exile or death. Edinburgh was his idea. He said they throw a great party at New Year. And he said it was a good excuse to get away from his family. Nikolai smiles at Anna.
78) 33) dialog: So... just a pair of jeans and a T- shirt. A jacket. And some shoes. Anna still looks disbelieving.   Nikolai sighs.
78) 36) dialog: The hotel is called the Caledonian. Without a pause Anna leaves.
81) 0) text: Nikolai's drip is being removed by A NURSE. Nikolai is examining his healing wounds. Then through the glass of the door he notices Yuri, speaking to a nurse, and obviou recognizes him. The nurse points Yuri in Nikolai's direction.
82) 0) text: It's cold and the wind is blowing. We see rooftops behind them. Yuri is lighting Nikolai's cigarette. Nikolai is wearing Yuri's overcoat loosely over his hospital gown. Yuri lights his own cigarette and they smoke in silence for a moment.
82) 1) dialog: You got my message? Yuri chuckles.
82) 3) dialog: It's called improvisation.
82) 6) text: Maybe too many. Nikolai suddenly glares at Yuri.
82) 7) dialog: (in Russian)
82) 8) text: You didn't come here to give me flowers... Yuri shakes his head and prepares to deliver bad news. Nikolai turns as if to go back inside. Yuri grabs Nikolai arm and speaks formally....
82) 12) text: Nikolai shakes his head wearily....
82) 13) dialog: (in Russian) Ah, Christ...
82) 15) text: Nikolai doesn't react for a moment.
82) 17) text: With his cigarette dangling from his mouth Nikolai begins to unbutton his overcoat..
82) 19) text: Nikolai turns and slowly pulls open the overcoat and the thin hospital gown beneath it. He reveals the eight-pointed star tattoos on his chest an Yuri reacts with absolute astonishment.
82) 21) dialog: If they terminate the operation now, they will be wasting this...
82) 22) text: A pause. Yuri looks shocked and slightly horrified. Nikolai too suddenly seems almost ashamed that he has got this far. After a long silence Nikolai mumbles.
82) 25) dialog: You tell the Russian desk you saw stars over my heart. OK? Tell them I'm through the door. A pause.   Yuri is still overwhelmed.
82) 27) dialog: (in Russian)
82) 29) dialog: And you can tell them I'm going to replace Semyon at the head of the London organization. Yuri laughs.
82) 31) dialog: I need you to take Semyon out of the picture. I want you to arrest him. Nikolai lights another cigarette from the stub of the one he is smoking. Yuri is incredulous.
82) 33) dialog: Rape. Yuri begins to chuckle.
82) 34) dialog: The girl was fourteen.
82) 39) dialog: She doesn't have to.   She's dead. A pause.
82) 40) dialog: But she had Semyon's baby. If you prove the baby is his and prove the girl was under age when the baby was conceived, that's statutory rape. A pause.   Yuri begins it think it through.
82) 41) dialog: All you need is the baby and some of Semyon's DNA. For poetic reasons I suggest you take his blood. Yuri peers at Nikolai with awe.    A long pause.   Finall Yuri smiles.
82) 49) text: And take care, Mikhail. Yuri tenderly takes his overcoat from Nikolai's shoulders and goes back through the fire-escape door. Nikolai is left cold and exposed in his thin gown.
83) 0) text: Nikolai is playing chess against himself, sitting on the bed, trying hard to concentrate. There is a knock and Anna enters, carrying an old shopping bag. She takes out a worn pair of jeans and a T-shirt, a denim jacket and a battered pair of shoes. Nikolai smiles...
83) 1) dialog: How is Uncle Stepan? Instead of answering, Anna lays the clothes on the bed.
83) 3) text: They're from the morgue. They belonged to someone who died yesterday. Nikolai picks up the jeans and examines them.     They're too big.
83) 5) dialog: Hey... wait a minute... Nikolai steps behind the bed screen to pull on the jeans. He speaks from behind the screen.
83) 6) dialog: Is your bike still working OK? A pause.   Anna considers leaving but hesitates.
83) 10) dialog: Did you get in touch with Tatiana's family in Russia?
83) 12) dialog: Good.
83) 13) text: Nikolai is now dressed, his cut and tattooed arms still showing.
83) 14) dialog: So the baby's still in England.
83) 19) text: Nikolai shrugs and grabs the shoes.
83) 21) text: Nikolai laughs.
83) 22) dialog: Yeah, and all the thanks I get is a pair of dead man's shoes. (pause)                                         * I listen to you.                                    *
83) 24) dialog: Yes. About Semyon and the baby.                     * Thank you.                                          *
83) 32) dialog: (indicating tattoos)                              *
93) 0) text: Kirill is at the wheel of Nikolai's Mercedes. He swigs from his bottle of vodka, which is now more than half emp He fires the engine and reverses. A car passing by has to slam on its brakes. Kirill yells.
95) 0) text: Anna runs fast down the corridor towards the hospital exi She spots Nikolai ahead of her. She pushes past a couple of drunks and flies at him.
95) 3) dialog: What are you talking about?! Anna studies Nikolai's face and sees his genuine confusio She calms down a little.
95) 5) dialog: You brought your bike? BLUE Revision   -   11/4/06                            10
96) 0) text: The same dockside where Nikolai dumped Soyka and recommen this as the best place to dispose of a body. Kirill pulls up slowly in Nikolai's Mercedes. The car is parked for a long time before finally the headlights are switched off.
97) 0) text: Nikolai and Anna race to Anna's motorbike.
97) 1) dialog: I'll drive.
98) 0) text: Anna and Nikolai ride through London streets.
99) 12) dialog: Kirill, a vor doesn't kill little babies. Kirill is motionless.
99) 13) dialog: Something like this would be bad for all of us. Your dad has gone too far, Kirill. A pause.
99) 14) dialog: (in Russian)
99) 15) text: It's our turn now. Nikolai steps forward slowly.    As he gets closer Kirill hugs the baby. Finally Nikolai reaches Kirill and hugs him. As he does he edges him away from the dockside. The three of them ar locked in a long embrace. Nikolai emerges from the embrace with Christine in his arms. He quickly hands her to Anna who hugs her close. Kirill turns to Nikolai.
99) 19) dialog: He's going away. When he's gone the family business will be yours.
99) 21) dialog: We can be partners again. Thunder and lightning, right?
99) 23) dialog: Get into the car. I'll drive you home.
99) 24) text: A pause. Kirill dries his eyes and heads for the car. Nikolai looks at Anna, who is hugging the baby. He waits a long time before realizing he must leave her.
99) 25) dialog: You're OK, yeah?
99) 30) dialog: How can I become King if the King is still in place? A pause.   He laughs. Anna studies him, unsure. More New Year fireworks explode over the river. Kirill yells from the car...
99) 32) text: That's a fucking order!! Nikolai and Anna peer at each other.
99) 33) dialog: Maybe I can drive you somewhere? She shakes her head.
101) 0) text: Nikolai is sitting at a window table, alone, sipping vodk staring back across the park. He peers out at ordinary life going on in the streets outside. Tatiana's V.O. continues...