4) 0) text: We see Tatiana unconscious on a wheeled trolley bursting through double doors into the operating ward of Trafalgar hospital. The trolley is accompanied by TWO NURSES, a JUNIOR DOCTOR and a midwife, (ANNA KHITROVA). The two PARAMEDICS who brought her are following behind the troll
5) 0) text: A tiny brown handbag is being shaken empty by a nurse. Tatiana is being prepared for an emergency Caesarean. The theater is full of people in scrubs, including an anesthetist. Monitors and drips are being attached at dou speed. We notice that her arms are already dotted with festering needle marks. A nurse searches through the contents of the handbag and we can hear frantic activity from the operating table....
5) 1) dialog: Her stats are very poor, very poor. Baby's very distressed. Anna approaches the nurse, who is rummaging through the contents of the bag. We see a business card from a restaurant called `The Trans-Siberian', a St. Christopher necklace and a tiny battered diary. Anna grabs the diary.
5) 4) dialog: Baby's heart beat sixty... fifty- eight, fifty-eight... fifty-seven...
5) 8) dialog: Baby stats sixty-eight and in free fall.
5) 9) dialog: I'm not getting a pulse. Heartbeats. Doctor Aziz joins the junior doctor, who look out of his depth.
5) 16) text: You had a girl. A sheet is pulled over Tatiana's face. A nurse weighs the screaming baby. Anna wipes her brow with the back of her bloody wrist.
5) 21) dialog: Baby girl, born December 24th at 11.14.
47) 25) dialog: Anna?
75) 0) text: Aziz and a group of a dozen doctors and nurses are eating lunch, some in party hats, some drinking red wine out of paper cups. Aziz seems anxious, distracted. Anna enters i a hurry, locates Aziz and joins him.
77) 0) text: Nikolai is conscious in bed, attached to a single drip. His wounds have been stitched up. A doctor and two nurses are settling Nikolai's vital sign moving around him, checking his temperature. Finally they clear the bed and through the glass of the room we see Anna, standing outside, staring in at Nikolai.
78) 0) text: Nikolai is peering through half-opened eyes. The last nurse is checking his vital signs. Then Anna enters. The nurse stops work...
78) 1) dialog: Anna?
78) 3) text: The nurse hesitates...
78) 4) dialog: He's still in trauma.   Do you know him?
78) 9) text: The nurse is reluctant but sees Anna's fierce stare and finally leaves. After she has gone Nikolai stirs, focuses on her face.
81) 0) text: Nikolai's drip is being removed by A NURSE. Nikolai is examining his healing wounds. Then through the glass of the door he notices Yuri, speaking to a nurse, and obviou recognizes him. The nurse points Yuri in Nikolai's direction.
94) 3) dialog: We just discharged him.   A couple of minutes ago. Anna runs out.