13) 0) text: As Nikolai drives away, Anna rings the doorbell beside th front door. There is no reply. She is about to ring again when the door opens. We see SEMYON, a Russian man in his late sixties. He is wiping his hands on a tea towel, dressed in a spotlessly white apron. He has the sparkling piercing eyes of a falcon.
13) 1) dialog: We are closed.
13) 5) text: Anna produces her hospital ID and shows it to Semyon.
13) 8) dialog: (with a twinkle) Then unless one of my daughters is keeping something from me, you have the wrong address.
13) 10) text: Semyon studies the name on the ID.
13) 11) dialog: Khitrova?
13) 13) text: Semyon seems suddenly delighted.
13) 14) dialog: And his name?
13) 16) dialog: So, you are Anna Ivanovna.
14) 0) text: The tables are set for a huge party. Kirill is now on step ladders, fixing some Christmas decorations. Other relatives are getting the place ready. Semyon hurries through the restaurant, leading Anna by the hand.
14) 1) dialog: We must hurry. I must stir. Stir, stir or the gravy dies in my hands. Today it is family. Here is my son, Kirill. (he hisses at Kirill) Kirill! The berries are too low, too low. And Roman, more glasses for red! (he claps his hands) Come on!
14) 7) dialog: My angels. You should be practising. You must make the wood cry. Like this, like this... Semyon grabs a violin and plays a three-second burst of sad Russian violin music.
14) 8) dialog: You see... Semyon hurries on into the kitchen.    Anna smiles, delig at the eccentric old man.
15) 0) text: Inside the kitchen there is an inferno of activity, steam smoke. Family members, some dressed in their party outfit others in chefs' uniforms, are standing over steaming pot laughing, arguing. Children play and yell. You can almost smell Christmas. Anna enters, dazzled by it all, overwhelmed by the contrast to her own lifeless Christmas kitchen. Semyon calls out to everyone.
15) 1) dialog: Come, come, hurry, hurry.    They will be here any moment. (to Anna)
15) 3) dialog: It is the old card. From before the renovations. But even so, if she had worked here I would remember the name. Perhaps she ate here once. Try this. Semyon offers Anna a spoonful of his gravy.    She sips i
15) 7) dialog: So did you get a chance to talk to this girl before she died?
17) 0) text: Two of the little girl violinists are fighting, pulling each other's hair. The third is sobbing, sitting on the floor. A young woman in a party dress is carrying a huge silver bowl of sauce across the kitchen. Anna looks delighted at the noise and energy of the place Finally Semyon emerges from a cloud of steam with a scrap of paper.
17) 1) dialog: This is an agency that hires casual kitchen staff. Maybe you will have more luck there. But I think they will be closed until New Year.
17) 4) text: Semyon is alarmed and claps his hand in urgent fashion.
17) 5) dialog: Ten minutes!! (to the rest of the kitchen) Fish, fish, fish! Ten minutes! OK, Kirill, get him a drink and tell him I am coming.
17) 8) dialog: Anna, I'm so sorry I couldn't help. It is sad.
17) 10) dialog: Her diary?
17) 11) text: There is the tiniest of changes in Semyon's manner. lays his heavy pot down.
17) 13) text: A pause. Semyon disappears into a billow of steam to put a pan onto the heat then re-emerges.
17) 14) dialog: Why did you not tell me you found a diary?
17) 16) dialog: OK, Anna, this is how it will be. You will bring the diary here and I will translate it for you. Then if we get the names of any relatives I will call them myself. I am something of a... community leader for the Russians here in this unfriendly city. What do you say?
17) 17) text: Semyon hoists a passing child into his arms.
17) 19) dialog: (apparently not hearing) And when you come I will make you some more gravy like your papa used to make and you can try the
17) 23) dialog: fish with the sauce. OK? Tomorrow, yes? Shall we say seven? Anna is a little overwhelmed.
17) 24) dialog: Then it is settled. But for now, you must forgive me. Semyon shrugs then kisses Anna on both cheeks.
17) 25) dialog: Dosvedania. (Goodbye)
17) 27) dialog: Oh Anna, you always work at the Trafalgar hospital?
23) 0) text: The Trans-Siberian restaurant is smoky with cigarettes an cigars. The party is in full swing with two dozen guests and family. One of the golden-haired children is playing violin badly. The language is Russian, English and Turkis mixed. Kirill is bringing a huge baked carp to the table. His mobile phone rings and he wipes his hands on a towel to answer it. When he hears the voice, Kirill glances at his father and moves quickly out of earshot. Semyon notices but hides his concern. As Kirill walks, a child tugs his leg and holds up a soft toy, asking a question in Russian.
23) 8) text: Kirill glances over at Semyon, who is apparently lost amongst a sea of children, but we see from the corner of his eye he is watching Kirill.
23) 12) text: No, my dad's not involved. I'm a big boy now. I do my own stuff. Yeah. Merry Christmas. Kirill cuts the call and nods to Ozim, who stubs his ciga Semyon notices their silent communication, then turns to one of the violin-playing angels, smiles, and kisses her on both cheeks.
31) 0) text: Semyon sits alone at the dinner table in the restaurant where before there was family and uproar. Outside it's dark and raining. He is reading a Russian crime novel. A half-empty bottle of vodka sits on the table. Tatiana's voice-over continues as we cut inside the restaurant.
31) 2) text: There is a knock at the door and Semyon looks up sharply. His eyes glisten. He puts his novel aside.
32) 0) text: Semyon is unlocking the door and discovering, in the driz and half light, that it is Anna.
32) 1) dialog: Ah. My dear! I wasn't expecting you so early.
33) 0) text: Semyon and Anna are sitting down at the candlelit table. Anna fumbles in her bag and produces a sheaf of photocopi sheets. She has photocopied the pages of the diary and they are laid out in segments on each page.
33) 2) text: Semyon takes the pages and looks troubled.
33) 3) dialog: Where is the original?
33) 7) text: Semyon looks thwarted but hides it well. He studies the photocopied sheets for a while then looks up and smiles.
33) 8) dialog: I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it.
33) 10) dialog: Then I will bring what I have done to your home. Where do you live, Anna?
33) 11) text: There is nothing in Semyon's smile to cause alarm but Ann perhaps remembers Nikolai. Finally...
33) 13) dialog: Then maybe I can drive you home.
33) 15) text: Semyon stares at her for a moment.
33) 16) dialog: So what will happen to the poor child?
33) 18) dialog: Who will?
33) 23) dialog: Hey, hey, Maria, go back to bed.
33) 25) dialog: But you have had so many presents. The girl wafts Semyon's cigar smoke.
33) 27) dialog: I know. Semyon cuddles Maria and stubs his cigar. Anna smiles at the warm family scene, perhaps remembering her own father.
34) 5) text: Nikolai manages to lift him to his feet again. As they head towards the restaurant, Anna emerges. Nikolai looks up, curious, as Semyon kisses her on both cheeks in the doorway. As she turns Kirill stumbles forwards and collap in front of her. Nikolai looks up at Anna, his face splashed with rain.
34) 7) text: Semyon looks down at the drunken Kirill and slams the doo of the restaurant. Nikolai sighs, then turns to Kirill and starts to go through his pockets.
35) 0) text: Nikolai heaves Kirill into a chair. Semyon is back at his novel and watches as Kirill attempts to get to his feet and then stumbles to the floor. He slumps down, now totally unconscious, breathing deeply. Nikolai smiles.
35) 2) text: Semyon steps up to where Kirill is lying and stands over him for a moment. Then he kicks him hard in the guts with all his might. Nikolai is shocked, and grabs Semyon's arm. A hand laid upon him is like deadly poison. Kirill grunts and moans.
35) 6) text: Semyon kicks him hard in the guts again.
35) 8) text: Nikolai steps in between Semyon and Kirill. Semyon is shocked that anyone should face him like this.
35) 9) dialog: Who... the fuck... are you to tell me enough?
35) 14) dialog: I hired you as a driver...
35) 15) text: Semyon bends to roughly hoist Kirill into a chair.
35) 16) dialog: ...someone to stop him killing himself.
35) 18) text: Nikolai reaches into his pocket for a business card and offers it to Semyon. As Semyon looks at the card in the candle light, he also sees the TATTOO OF AN EAGLE on Nikolai's hand. It is obvious that the tattoo means more than the card to Semyon, and he reacts.
35) 25) text: I think you and I could do business together. A pause.   Semyon looks at Nikolai with utter contempt.
35) 26) dialog: I have no idea what business you're talking about. Now get out. Nikolai smiles and then leaves. Semyon watches him go then peers at his drunken, sleeping son with something approaching compassion.
47) 2) dialog: Hello Anna.     I came on tiptoes.
47) 6) dialog: There are always open doors, Anna Ivanovna.
47) 10) dialog: Please Anna, let me speak. Semyon looks to be almost in tears.     He speaks softly.
47) 11) dialog: I translated the diary... A baby begins to cry and is comforted somewhere across th ward.
47) 12) dialog: I was shocked to discover... that my son Kirill is mentioned many times. Semyon appears to be fighting tears.
47) 13) dialog: I have known for some years that he has strayed from the path I set out for him. His mother died when he was very young. A pause.   Anna almost begins to buy his sorrow...
47) 15) dialog: Many bad things. A pause.
47) 16) dialog: But Anna please. Let me deal with him. If the diary should find its way to the police... Semyon wipes his eyes.
47) 17) dialog: Some of the things my son did are illegal. Anna, he is a good boy.
47) 21) dialog: Of course.   Of course. And that is the baby? Semyon glances over Anna's shoulder into the corner where Christine is sleeping. Anna freezes and doesn't reply. Semyon takes her hand.
47) 22) dialog: Anna, I have made some inquiries and I have found out an address for Tatiana's family in Russia. That's where the baby belongs, no? Anna reacts but Semyon's face suddenly hardens...
47) 23) dialog: So... perhaps we can do a deal. He stares into her eyes.
47) 24) dialog: Do you understand me, Anna? At that moment a nurse walks by and hesitates when she sees Semyon.
47) 27) dialog: You know where I am, Anna Ivanovna. He turns.
47) 28) dialog: And I know where you are. Semyon disappears into the shadows of the ward.     As An reacts we hear Tatiana in V.O.
50) 12) text: Nikolai hands the bottle back. As he does, one of the van doors is kicked closed revealing Semyon, suddenly upon them.
50) 14) text: Semyon grabs the bottle of champagne and smashes it on th floor. Kirill recoils in terror. Nikolai straightens, faces up.
50) 16) text: Semyon is so furious he still can't speak. He grabs Kiril and slams him against the wall. Finally he hisses in his face.
50) 17) dialog: Your friend Soyka is dead.
50) 19) dialog: Don't lie to me!!
50) 20) text: Semyon slams Kirill against the wall once more.
50) 24) dialog: I said, don't lie to me! Semyon slams Kirill hard against the wall again.       Su Nikolai steps forward.
50) 30) text: Your dad always knows the truth anyway. Nikolai and Semyon survey each other.
50) 32) dialog: (incredulous)
50) 35) dialog: My son commits a murder?
50) 39) dialog: On my own doorstep? A fellow soldier! And no one thought to tell me about it?
50) 43) text: Kirill did the right thing. Semyon hisses with fury and grabs Nikolai.
50) 44) dialog: I decide what is right and what is wrong. You do not kill a vor for no reason. Nikolai shrugs Semyon off, holding his ground.
50) 46) dialog: For a driver, you are well informed.
50) 51) text: Kirill did a good thing for all our people. Our people will know that. In Semyon's silence Kirill finally gathers courage...
50) 53) dialog: Shut up! Kirill is hurt that Semyon seems only to be interested in Nikolai. After studying Nikolai for a while...
50) 54) dialog: If you are so well informed, you will know Soyka has brothers.
50) 56) text: That's OK. Kirill has got me. Semyon shows the first flicker of admiration. He then looks at Kirill with utter contempt, making the compariso with Nikolai obvious.
50) 57) dialog: Get these boxes out of sight. Semyon leaves them. Kirill is angry, straightening his clothes. Finally he yells....
53) 6) text: He sees Semyon approaching from the kitchen and closes th diary. Semyon grabs a bottle of vodka from the bar on his way to sit opposite Nikolai. Nikolai pushes the diary across the table. Semyon pours two drinks.
53) 7) dialog: It is good to have someone who I can trust to do simple tasks.
53) 8) text: A pause as Semyon glances at a few pages of diary.
53) 9) dialog: In this business, sometimes the biggest danger comes from the most stupid things. You can't afford to be careless in any area.
53) 10) text: Nikolai senses a change of attitude towards him. As if Semyon were beginning to accept him into the fold. Semyon raises a toast.
53) 11) dialog: Nasdrovia.
53) 14) dialog: So what was the lie that Soyka was spreading about my son?
53) 17) dialog: Kirill had him killed for nothing important?
53) 18) text: Semyon pours two more vodkas.
53) 22) dialog: (smiling)
53) 23) text: For me you will repeat it. Nikolai doesn't respond. It is obvious that Semyon half knows already. He shrugs...
53) 24) dialog: You play   with the Prince to do business   with the King. But if you want   to do business with me you must   be open with me. Thieves- in-law. A pause.   Semyon nurses his vodka.
53) 25) dialog: What was Soyka saying about the Prince? He stares into Nikolai's eyes.    Finally, Nikolai stamme
53) 27) dialog: (softly, in Russian)
53) 28) text: My only son. They both knock their drinks back. Semyon looks suddenly angry as he peers out of the window.
53) 29) dialog: You know it never snows in this City. And it's never hot. London is a city of whores and queers. My son... Semyon shrugs, fighting deeper emotion...
53) 30) dialog: ...I think London is to blame for what he is...
53) 34) dialog: The cold gets into my bones. A pause.
53) 35) dialog: And also... the KGB would be waiting for me. Nikolai smiles ruefully and glances at Semyon.
53) 37) dialog: Whatever they call them they are worse even than the KGB were. Maybe the KGB and the vory v zakone were partners in a marriage. We had rules, they had rules. He swigs some more vodka.
53) 38) dialog: Now in Moscow, the thieves don't wear tattoos and the police don't wear uniforms. You never know who they are... Semyon seems to be taking the vodka less well than Nikola He pours some more.
53) 39) dialog: You've heard about these new policemen? Nikolai doesn't blink.
53) 40) dialog: They get under you, over you, behind you, inside you. They are the ones you least expect. Semyon peers at Nikolai and Nikolai doesn't respond. Mention of the new breed of FSB agent causes an almost imperceptible tension in Nikolai.
53) 43) dialog: The midwife said she had an uncle. A Russian.
53) 45) dialog: So you know what he looks like. Semyon peers at Nikolai.
53) 46) dialog: She said he has read the diary. A pause.
53) 47) dialog: We can't trust a Russian with that kind of information. A pause.
53) 48) dialog: (in Russian)
53) 49) text: Do you understand me? Semyon gets to his feet and smiles.
53) 50) dialog: Perhaps you can deal with him. Semyon leaves Nikolai to stare into the flames of the burning diary.
56) 0) text: The place has two dozen customers and there is a Russian band playing `Dark Eyes'. At a particular table an old Russian lady is having her birthday celebrated by an ador family and lots of very ancient friends. There is a huge round of applause as Semyon emerges from the kitchen with a cake decorated with sparklers.
57) 0) text: Semyon returns to smoke and steam and yelling. As he prepares to take a drink one of the young dishwashers approaches.
57) 4) text: Semyon grabs a bottle of vodka.
58) 0) text: Semyon emerges into the wine crates and beer bottles in the yard at the back of the restaurant where the Doberman is straining at the leash, snarling and barking. An alrea anxious Ozim is cowering in the shadows, held at bay by the dog. The moment Semyon steps out the dog stops barking. Ozim relaxes a little and steps forward. Semyon pets the dog.
58) 1) dialog: So what did they say?
58) 2) text: Semyon takes a swig of vodka.    Ozim looks severely nerv
58) 6) dialog: (irritated) What did they say about my son?
58) 8) dialog: You are being very honest.
58) 10) text: Semyon suddenly breaks the neck of the bottle and holds the jagged edge to Ozim's throat. The dog snarls at Semyon's feet.
58) 13) dialog: Never again do business with any member of my family behind my back.
58) 15) text: Semyon tosses the bottle away.       After a moment...
58) 16) dialog: Do they know where to find Kirill?
58) 18) dialog: Do they know what he looks like?
58) 21) dialog: Then tell them you will deliver Kirill to them.
58) 22) text: Ozim is stunned.      He stares at Semyon as if he were i
58) 23) dialog: Tell them to give you two days.
64) 0) text: The place is winding up. Chefs and waiters are cleaning surfaces and dishes. The only still point is Semyon, who is cutting and wrapping the birthday cake in small parcel of golden paper. He works intensely and delicately at the back of the kitchen. Nikolai and Kirill enter. Kirill swigs a half-drunk glass of wine.
64) 7) dialog: (in Russian) She is one hundred years old.
64) 8) text: Semyon works on for a moment then glances at Kirill.
64) 9) dialog: Kirill, go down into the cellar and bring up some brandy. Twelve bottles.
64) 12) dialog: No. He stays here.   I want to talk business.
64) 17) text: Semyon stares at Kirill and Kirill knows the look.
64) 18) dialog: Go to the cellar Kirill.   And take your time.
64) 19) text: Kirill hesitates. He is angry as hell but too scared of his father's gaze to say anything. Finally he turns fast and departs, slamming his open hand against the door as h goes. Semyon waits a moment before returning to the business of cutting the cake. Finally...
64) 20) dialog: Did you deal with the old man?
64) 21) text: Nikolai nods. A pause.     Semyon looks up and fixes Nikolai with a sta
64) 24) dialog: (in Russian)
64) 27) text: Thank you. Papa. Semyon returns to his work.    Nikolai hesitates.
64) 29) dialog: Tell him I changed my mind about the brandy.
66) 0) text: The curtains are drawn against the rainy light. The Gypsy Valery, Semyon and TWO OTHER RUSSIAN MEN are sitting in a line behind a restaurant table, like a judging panel. After a moment Nikolai enters, dressed in suit and tie fo the biggest interview of his life. The vory behind the table greet him. Then Nikolai takes off his jacket and removes his tie. He then takes off his shirt, to reveal that his upper body i decorated with elaborate tattoos (details to follow). He carefully places his shirt over the chair then sits down. The panel of the vory study his body, the Gypsy pushing a candle across the table to better illuminate th detail of the tattoos. Only after the men have studied the tattoos does the interview begin.
67) 0) text: A wizened old Russian man (THE TATTOOIST) arrives at the kitchen door, carrying a battered leather case. The kitch door is opened as he arrives and Semyon greets him.
84) 0) text: The restaurant is filled with balloons of every color, al over the floor and bouncing off the tables. A large `Happ New Year' banner is hanging from the wall. Kirill is sitting on the floor amongst the balloons, blow up another one. Maria, Semyon's little granddaughter, run in to the restaurant and stops to stare at Kirill. He begins to inflate another balloon then stops.
85) 0) text: Semyon sits at a bare table, opposite Yuri from the Russi desk. A uniformed officer stands nearby, and there is a police doctor with a medical bag sitting at the next tabl waiting. The whole scene is rendered surreal by all the balloons which bounce around them. Semyon is in full charming old man mode.
85) 1) dialog: (in Russian) You'll have a drink, Yuri...
85) 4) dialog: (in Russian) Sometimes I don't believe you are really Russian.
85) 6) dialog: (in Russian) Then have half a drink.
85) 7) text: Yuri shakes his head.     Semyon goes to the optic and he himself to a vodka.
85) 10) dialog: So what is all this nonsense?
85) 12) dialog: For what?
85) 14) text: Semyon glances at the doctor and chuckles.
85) 15) dialog: (in Russian) He sits there like a vampire.
85) 17) text: Semyon's face hardens and he glares at Yuri.
85) 18) dialog: I am afraid of... conspiracies.
85) 22) dialog: Wait.       I've done nothing wrong.
85) 23) text: Semyon begins to roll up his sleeve, revealing a long scr of tattoos. Then a needle is being pushed into Semyon's arm by the doctor. Semyon's face doesn't flicker. He stares into Yuri's eyes. BLUE Revision   -   11/4/06
86) 0) text: Kirill is preparing food for the night's festivities. Semyon enters and goes straight to the sink. He pulls off the plaster from his arm where the blood was taken and pours some vodka over the tiny puncture hole.
86) 2) dialog: To poison me. Semyon pours more vodka on the wound then takes a swig.
86) 3) dialog: They took blood from me with a needle. Probably the same needle they use for all the junkies and whores and blacks and queers. He glares at Kirill as he rolls his sleeve down.
86) 4) dialog: Now I probably have the fucking queer disease. Kirill has his back turned, doesn't react.   Semyon sits heavily. Finally...
86) 6) dialog: I don't know. Kirill is surprised to see his father unsure.   He peers him.
86) 7) dialog: Someone is ahead of me. I don't like people ahead of me. Kirill is now unnerved by Semyon's quiet confusion. He watches as Semyon grabs at the bottle of vodka to drink. He speaks softly as he swigs.
86) 10) dialog: (softly) What the hell did that cocksucker want with my blood?
86) 13) dialog: (swigging) What baby?
86) 16) text: Semyon turns to Kirill, his face hardening...
86) 17) dialog: What are you talking about?
86) 18) text: Semyon approaches and Kirill gets scared.
86) 20) dialog: Who?
86) 22) text: Semyon stares into Kirill's eyes and Kirill mistakes his frantic thought process for anger. Kirill backs away. Semyon is beginning to catch up.