9) 5) text: We hear a gruff Russian voice calling out from the living room (UNCLE STEPAN).
9) 6) dialog: (angry) Anna! Anna!    Where did you get this?
10) 0) text: The living room table is laid for dinner. Uncle Stepan is early seventies, Russian. He is reading the tiny diary that Anna found in Tatiana's bag. Anna breezes in.
10) 2) dialog: Do you always rob the bodies of the dead?
10) 4) text: Stepan grumbles, accustomed to this teasing. Helen enters carrying a bowl of walnuts and brazil nuts which she places on the table. Pause.   Stepan looks pointedly at Helen.
10) 5) dialog: Did you know that your daughter robs the bodies of the dead?
10) 9) text: Stepan lays the diary aside, obstinate and prim.
10) 10) dialog: You have an uncle who doesn't steal things from the dead. Not even their secrets.
10) 12) dialog: You should put this in her coffin, Anna. Bury her secrets with her bodies.
10) 14) text: Stepan leaves in a huff. Anna picks up the diary and begi to study it. She sees the `Trans-Siberian' business card between the pages.
20) 0) text: Sudden silence... perhaps the ticking of a clock. This is Anna's Christmas dinner, a total contrast to the chaos of the restaurant. Stepan is attempting to carve the chicken
20) 1) dialog: Anna, how come is it that your boyfriend isn't here to carve? Stepan takes a large sip of vodka.
20) 5) dialog: I knew he would run away from you.
20) 9) dialog: Black men always run away.
20) 11) dialog: What?   I am allowed to be honest?
20) 14) text: A pause.     Stepan sips his vodka.
20) 15) dialog: It is not natural to mix race and race. That is why your baby died inside you.
20) 18) text: Helen takes Anna's hand but she turns and leaves. Helen stands to follow her, but first she whips Stepan's vodka away from him.
42) 4) text: Stepan, what? I'm late for work. He shakes his head angrily. Finally from behind his back he produces Tatiana's diary.
42) 15) dialog: No Anna! You don't go to someone else with this! You don't go to anyone! Nasilovanie, it means rape. Iglah, it means needle. Prostitutcia, perhaps you can guess. Stepan hands the diary to Anna and then turns.
42) 16) dialog: I go to wash my hands. He disappears. Anna and Helen are left in awkward silence Anna buries the diary in her dressing table drawer. Helen looks at her with anxiety.
48) 0) text: Stepan is sitting at the kitchen table, translating Tatiana's diary aloud, as Helen transcribes it onto a not pad. Stepan's translation breaks up with emotion but he tries to remain detached. Helen also tries hard to concentrate on her task but wipes away a tear as she writ Tatiana's V.O. slowly blends into Stepan's voice...
48) 1) dialog: ...like potato sacks. Kirill came down after me and he hit me until I was bleeding. Then he tried to rape me but he couldn't do it... He just got madder and madder and kept hitting me. In the end his father came down. It was the father who raped me. He shouted at his son...'if you don't break a horse, it will never be tame, Kirill'. They hear a key in the door and prepare for Anna's arriva When she enters she feels the tense silence. After a moment, Helen tries to be bright...
48) 12) text: Stepan leaps to his feet.
48) 13) dialog: I told you this would happen!    I told you!
48) 15) dialog: The devil is loose now.
48) 19) dialog: They are in this room now.   They are cancer...
48) 21) dialog: I have a friend from Ukraine who owns a gun....
48) 23) dialog: ...from the war in Afghanistan.
48) 29) dialog: We all know what he would have done. Stepan heads for the kitchen cupboard and produces a bott of vodka. Rather than admonish him, Anna and Helen both nod agreement. Stepan pours three large vodkas. Stepan knocks his down. Anna and Helen take sips.
48) 31) dialog: He would ask if there were bullets for the gun.
48) 33) dialog: I dealt with the vory v zakone when I worked for the KGB.
48) 37) dialog: (primly)
48) 45) dialog: You cannot do deals with these people!
48) 47) dialog: Have you forgotten already what I just read to you?
48) 51) dialog: No!!    No!!   No!!
48) 53) text: Stepan, this isn't our world.      We are ordinary people.
48) 56) dialog: She was an ordinary person. He leaves. Anna and Helen hold hands, genuinely close now for the first time in a long time.
51) 4) dialog: I'm hungry.
51) 7) text: Stepan very deliberately slides his hand into his inside pocket.
51) 9) text: Stepan removes his hand, empty, his bravado crushed. Nikolai enters the restaurant and spots Anna. He comes and sits at the table beside Stepan, opposite Anna. It's a tight squeeze. Anna and Helen are stiff with terror. Nikolai smiles.
51) 13) text: Stepan is shaking with emotion and hisses something in Russian.
51) 16) dialog: (whispers, in Russian)
51) 26) dialog: I told you!       I knew they would do this.... Anna gets to her feet.
52) 6) text: Passers-by stare at Anna. Helen and Stepan have come out of the restaurant to restrain her. Nikolai stops and judg the fury on Anna's face. He speaks calmly.
52) 10) text: Anna and Nikolai are staring at each other, suddenly a strange connection between them. Then Stepan steps forward and spits in Nikolai's face, delivering a Russian curse as he does so. Nikolai almost reacts out of instinct but stops himself. Nikolai wipes his face and peers into Anna's eyes. he gets into his car and drives away.
60) 0) text: A large public housing estate is being swept by rain. Christmas lights glow in the windows of the dilapidated tower blocks. Stepan is walking against the wind, carryin a bag of shopping. He holds onto his Russian hat to stop it blowing away. Kids splash in the puddles. Stepan arrives at the front garden of his small, ground- floor council flat. As he fumbles for his keys in the col we see that Nikolai is watching him from the driver's sea of his Mercedes. Once Stepan has disappeared into his flat, Nikolai gets out of the car and approaches Stepan's flat.
100) 0) text: A summer's day. Anna, Helen and Uncle Stepan are preparin to eat Sunday lunch. Stepan is carving. The conversation is jovial as Anna and Helen bring dishes of food to the table. Then we hear a baby crying. Anna goes to a small crib and lifts a six-month-old Christine out. She hands her to Helen who hugs her. Over this happy scene we hear Tatiana in V.O., a repeat of the first words we heard her say.