2) 0) text: We dissolve to a Christmas decoration flashing on and off in the rain, high on a lamp post in Kilburn High Road. We pan down the lamp post to the High Road where revelers ar hurrying through the rain. We see a young girl (TATIANA) hurrying across the street, wrapped in a dressing gown with a man's overcoat thrown over the top of it. Her hair is soaked as she approaches an all night chemist's shop. She is barefoot.
3) 0) text: The CHEMIST is delivering advice in Gujurati to a CUSTOME Tatiana wipes rain from her face and the Chemist and the customer react to her ragged appearance.
3) 1) dialog: (Russian accent)
4) 0) text: We see Tatiana unconscious on a wheeled trolley bursting through double doors into the operating ward of Trafalgar hospital. The trolley is accompanied by TWO NURSES, a JUNIOR DOCTOR and a midwife, (ANNA KHITROVA). The two PARAMEDICS who brought her are following behind the troll
5) 0) text: A tiny brown handbag is being shaken empty by a nurse. Tatiana is being prepared for an emergency Caesarean. The theater is full of people in scrubs, including an anesthetist. Monitors and drips are being attached at dou speed. We notice that her arms are already dotted with festering needle marks. A nurse searches through the contents of the handbag and we can hear frantic activity from the operating table....
5) 14) dialog: My name is Tatiana. My father died in the mines in my village, so he was already buried when he died. We were all buried there. Buried under the soil of Russia. That is why I left to find a better life. We hear... a baby cry. Anna's face appears in our framed shot of Tatiana's face. She gently kisses Tatiana's cheek
5) 16) text: You had a girl. A sheet is pulled over Tatiana's face. A nurse weighs the screaming baby. Anna wipes her brow with the back of her bloody wrist.
7) 0) text: Anna rides her big vintage URAL motorcycle through desert morning streets. As she rides, we hear Tatiana in V.O.
7) 1) dialog: I am so excited this morning. Yesterday a friend came back to our village and he told us all about the places on the map that I look at... Paris, Amsterdam, London. He's been there for real...
8) 1) dialog: ...he said the future of everything was already happening in all those places. There is a gentle knock at the door, which opens before Anna can respond. It is ANNA'S MOTHER (HELEN) with a cup of tea.
10) 0) text: The living room table is laid for dinner. Uncle Stepan is early seventies, Russian. He is reading the tiny diary that Anna found in Tatiana's bag. Anna breezes in.
11) 0) text: Driving music as we see Anna riding her motorbike through deserted morning streets again. We should begin to sense that this is a kind of release for her. We hear Tatiana in V.O.
11) 1) dialog: When I was little, London was like a place in the Bible. I wasn't even sure if it was real. My friend has told me there is a place in London where they pay girls to sing.
11) 4) dialog: He said if I sang in this restaurant I would make more money in a week than my father made in a year.
15) 2) text: Ok, show me this card. Anna reaches into her pocket and produces the `Trans- Siberian' business card she found in Tatiana's bag. Semyo angles his head to look as he stirs.
30) 1) dialog: My friend said he would get me to Amsterdam and from there we could find a way into London. I have been practising my singing and
30) 5) dialog: have even rejoined the church choir. I am also practising my English.
31) 0) text: Semyon sits alone at the dinner table in the restaurant where before there was family and uproar. Outside it's dark and raining. He is reading a Russian crime novel. A half-empty bottle of vodka sits on the table. Tatiana's voice-over continues as we cut inside the restaurant.
31) 1) dialog: My friend says his uncle owns the restaurant where you can sing. He is sure this man will take care of me.
42) 4) text: Stepan, what? I'm late for work. He shakes his head angrily. Finally from behind his back he produces Tatiana's diary.
47) 31) dialog: I was thrown down the stairs and fell onto some sacks, like potato sacks...
48) 0) text: Stepan is sitting at the kitchen table, translating Tatiana's diary aloud, as Helen transcribes it onto a not pad. Stepan's translation breaks up with emotion but he tries to remain detached. Helen also tries hard to concentrate on her task but wipes away a tear as she writ Tatiana's V.O. slowly blends into Stepan's voice...
53) 0) text: Nikolai is alone, sitting at a candlelit table, reading Tatiana's diary. We hear Tatiana in voice-over...
53) 1) dialog: I am not sure I can carry on another day. The windows won't open so I can't throw myself out. They inject me every day with heroin.
53) 5) dialog: Sometimes I think this is all a hallucination...
59) 0) text: Anna is reading the translation of the diary by lamplight Tatiana's voice over continues.
59) 1) dialog: I know now for sure that I am pregnant. It hasn't begun to show yet. After I was raped they made me take pills but I guess it was too late. I am condemned to give birth to a new life. But first I will try to find a way to end my own life and spare this child the pain.
100) 0) text: A summer's day. Anna, Helen and Uncle Stepan are preparin to eat Sunday lunch. Stepan is carving. The conversation is jovial as Anna and Helen bring dishes of food to the table. Then we hear a baby crying. Anna goes to a small crib and lifts a six-month-old Christine out. She hands her to Helen who hugs her. Over this happy scene we hear Tatiana in V.O., a repeat of the first words we heard her say.
100) 1) dialog: My name is Tatiana. My father died in the mines in my village, so he was already buried when he died... Anna takes Christine back and takes her to the window to peer outside, staring across the park.
101) 0) text: Nikolai is sitting at a window table, alone, sipping vodk staring back across the park. He peers out at ordinary life going on in the streets outside. Tatiana's V.O. continues...
101) 1) dialog: We were all buried there. Beneath the soil of Russia. That is why I left to find a better life. Nikolai finishes his drink.