40) 0) text: A large tent has been erected over the body of Soyka. Ins the tent two senior police officers await the arrival of third man, a specialist from the Russian desk (YURI), who is not dressed for the weather. He has obviously been dragged out of bed. He is led to the side of the body. One of the officers pulls up the dead man's hand and show him the eagle tattoo.
40) 2) dialog: He is actually a Chechen. He is also a member of the vory v zakone. The stars on the knees mean he would never kneel before anyone. Yuri opens the dead man's shirt and we see a tattoo of an eight-pointed star on his chest.
40) 3) dialog: In Russian prisons, your life story is written on your body in tattoos. You don't exist without tattoos. (pause)
40) 9) dialog: But he has been processed professionally.
41) 0) text: Yuri steps outside the forensic tent. He opens the bag an takes out the note. He unfolds it to read, then smiles to himself.
81) 0) text: Nikolai's drip is being removed by A NURSE. Nikolai is examining his healing wounds. Then through the glass of the door he notices Yuri, speaking to a nurse, and obviou recognizes him. The nurse points Yuri in Nikolai's direction.
82) 0) text: It's cold and the wind is blowing. We see rooftops behind them. Yuri is lighting Nikolai's cigarette. Nikolai is wearing Yuri's overcoat loosely over his hospital gown. Yuri lights his own cigarette and they smoke in silence for a moment.
82) 2) dialog: Using a dead body to file a progress report must be against FSB regulations.
82) 4) dialog: You've been improvising quite a lot lately. And taking risks. He glances at the cuts on Nikolai's hands...
82) 5) dialog: (in Russian)
82) 6) text: Maybe too many. Nikolai suddenly glares at Yuri.
82) 8) text: You didn't come here to give me flowers... Yuri shakes his head and prepares to deliver bad news. Nikolai turns as if to go back inside. Yuri grabs Nikolai arm and speaks formally....
82) 11) dialog: In light of what has happened to you...
82) 14) dialog: ...and in light of other violent incidents associated with you, the Russian desk at Scotland Yard have made an official request to the Russian embassy that your undercover operation in London be terminated.
82) 16) dialog: (in Russian) You have gone beyond what was agreed.
82) 18) dialog: In my opinion you should see this as good news. You've been in the zone far too long...
82) 19) text: Nikolai turns and slowly pulls open the overcoat and the thin hospital gown beneath it. He reveals the eight-pointed star tattoos on his chest an Yuri reacts with absolute astonishment.
82) 20) dialog: My God...
82) 22) text: A pause. Yuri looks shocked and slightly horrified. Nikolai too suddenly seems almost ashamed that he has got this far. After a long silence Nikolai mumbles.
82) 26) dialog: They are bound to ask... who did you kill? A pause.
82) 28) text: Tell them I only killed myself. A pause. Yuri is humbled. They share a moment of understanding as they smoke. Finally...
82) 30) dialog: What drugs are they giving you? Maybe it's the anesthetic speaking.
82) 32) dialog: Arrest him for what?
82) 37) dialog: (incredulous)
82) 42) dialog: You intrigue me. A pause.
82) 43) dialog: If we had never had this conversation they would have sent you home. You could have spent the Spring in the mountains. Riding your bicycle to your office every morning through fields of flowers. A pause.
82) 44) dialog: Why stay? Nikolai reacts but doesn't answer. A pause.
82) 45) dialog: You keep in touch. Yuri studies Nikolai.
82) 48) dialog: (in Russian)
82) 49) text: And take care, Mikhail. Yuri tenderly takes his overcoat from Nikolai's shoulders and goes back through the fire-escape door. Nikolai is left cold and exposed in his thin gown.
85) 0) text: Semyon sits at a bare table, opposite Yuri from the Russi desk. A uniformed officer stands nearby, and there is a police doctor with a medical bag sitting at the next tabl waiting. The whole scene is rendered surreal by all the balloons which bounce around them. Semyon is in full charming old man mode.
85) 3) dialog: (in Russian) I don't drink on duty.
85) 5) dialog: (in Russian) I've told you, I am half Russian.
85) 7) text: Yuri shakes his head.     Semyon goes to the optic and he himself to a vodka.
85) 11) dialog: We just need a blood sample.
85) 13) dialog: We can take the sample right now voluntarily or I can get an order from the court. It's up to you.
85) 16) dialog: (in Russian) What, you are afraid of needles, Semyon?
85) 17) text: Semyon's face hardens and he glares at Yuri.
85) 19) text: A pause.     Yuri speaks softly.
85) 20) dialog: I will return tomorrow with a court order.
85) 23) text: Semyon begins to roll up his sleeve, revealing a long scr of tattoos. Then a needle is being pushed into Semyon's arm by the doctor. Semyon's face doesn't flicker. He stares into Yuri's eyes. BLUE Revision   -   11/4/06