3) 0) text: Gomez wears a fez and a smoking jacket over his pajamas. Even at this early hour, he puffs on his trademark cigar. Gomez is all enthusiasm or all despair. At the moment, he radiates unfathomable woe.
3) 1) dialog: Think of it, Thing. He's been gone for twenty-five years. For twenty- five years we've attempted to contact Fester in the great beyond... The room is a dusty, cobweb-filled, long-unoccupied shrin to Gomez's lost brother, Fester. Gomez drifts in from the doorway. The room has remained untouched since Fester's disappearance as a teenager. The thick coating of dust and cobwebs adorns the mementoes of a rapscallion's youth - a football pennant from Alcatraz, headless sports trophies, a high school photo with all the other students keeping as much distance from Fester as possible. As he lovingly and morosely surveys the room:
3) 2) dialog: ... And for twenty-five years, nothing. Not a whisper, not a clue. I'm beginning to think my my brother truly is lost. Gomez sighs.   Thing TUGS at his cuff, pulling him toward the
4) 0) text: Galloping ahead of Gomez, Thing leaps onto an old-fashioned door latch and the door swings open INTO
5) 0) text: Gomez approaches the bed.   Asleep on scarlet satin sheet is...
5) 5) dialog: (gazing at Morticia)
5) 7) dialog: (adoringly)
8) 0) text: Gomez takes Morticia in his arms. As she languidly drapes herself across his chest, she is caught in a sudden shaft of sunlight. She squints. On the bedside table beside her, Morticia's OVERSIZED CARNIVOROUS ORCHID WILTS.
8) 2) dialog: (wildly aroused)
8) 6) dialog: Cara mia!
8) 10) dialog: En garde monsieur sole! He thrusts and parries, pantomiming a duel with the shaft of light.
8) 12) dialog: Querida?
10) 0) text: At the window, Gomez pokes his head out. In the background, Morticia brushes her hair with a silver filigree brush.
10) 1) dialog: (disturbed)
13) 0) text: JUDGE WOMACK, the Addams' CRUSTY PATRICIAN NEIGHBOR, is having his breakfast when Gomez's golf ball lands in his cornflakes, shattering the bowl, covering him with milk. Judge Womack hurries to his broken window, shaking his fist:
14) 2) dialog: (calls)
14) 8) dialog: They grow up so fast, don't they?
15) 0) text: Morticia, wearing gardening gloves, is snipping the blossoms off her roses. Gomez sits at a table, playing CHESS with Thing.
15) 1) dialog: It's a milestone, Tish. This very evening -- our twenty-fifth seance. All those years, gnawed by guilt, undone by woe, burning with uncertainty...
15) 3) dialog: (lustfully) Tish...
15) 5) dialog: Don't tease.
17) 0) text: Gomez moves a chess piece. Thing gestures out the window. Gomez and Morticia both look out. As they do, Thing moves two chess pieces, cheating.
17) 3) dialog: Sing. Dance. Date.
18) 0) text: Morticia is looking for her children. She discovers Pugsley ASLEEP, curled up on the SILVER PLATTER WHERE THE TWO-HEADED PIG LAY. She finds this enchanting. Gomez enters.   Morticia shushes him; she points to the platter.
18) 3) dialog: (whispering)
18) 15) dialog: Don't fret - we'll find her.
19) 0) text: Gomez rallies the family for the search. Morticia wears a black cloak. Granny has grabbed her divining rod. Lurch distributes torches, then stands aside, awaiting instructions. Pugsley helps Gomez unroll an ancient map of the area.
19) 1) dialog: Fan out. Pugsley - head for the dung heap. Mama and Morticia - the shallow graves. I'll take the abyss, and Lurch - check the bottomless pit.
19) 4) dialog: (calls out)
19) 7) dialog: Fester! You take the ravine!     And the unmarked, abandoned well!
19) 9) dialog: Good man!   Good thinking!
19) 14) text: Thing tugs at the cuff of Gomez's pants.       Gomez nods
19) 15) dialog: That's the spirit, Thing - lend a hand! Let's go!
19) 16) text: They all sweep off, with Gomez in the lead.
26) 0) text: Gomez reaches a stately mausoleum at the far end of the cemetery. Two proud marble vultures guard the entryway. Gomez lowers the uplifted claw of one of the vultures and the stone doors slide open. He steps into -
27) 0) text: Inside it is catacomb-like, filled with the bleached bones of the Addams dead. Gomez's torch casts shadows -- one of which belongs to Wednesday, curled asleep on a stone sarcophagus. Relieved to find her, Gomez approaches quietly. He doesn't want to wake her up. He lifts her tenderly in his arms.
28) 2) dialog: What's all this?
28) 5) dialog: A restraining order?
28) 7) dialog: (in disbelief)
28) 10) dialog: But - this is lunacy!
28) 13) text: You're bitter rivals, Gomez - always were, always will be!
28) 17) dialog: It's not so! Those girls meant nothing - he knows that! I demand to see Fester!
28) 23) dialog: (to his family)
30) 1) dialog: already sits in the passenger seat of the Duesenberg, his coat draped over his shoulders as if he were an invalid, his head thrown back. Morticia carries out Cleo, her carnivorous plant. Granny carries her favorite cauldron, Wednesday one of her Marie Antoinette dolls, Pugsley his chemistry set. Lurch uproot his favorite tree and joins the procession. Thing follows dragging a toy wagon packed with his rings, his glove.
33) 4) dialog: sits slumped in a   chair made from wagon wheel and nauga hyde. It's as if    all of his insane, vibrant energy has been leeched from   him. He's a broken man. He looks back at her as if he's   never heard French.
33) 5) dialog: Huh? Wednesday tends to him.    She and her mother exchange a worried look.
33) 14) dialog: (in a monotone)
33) 17) text: Father? Wednesday exchanges a panic-stricken look with Morticia. The family moves closer to Gomez.
33) 18) dialog: But maybe I'll have one of those... He takes a bar of soap from Pugsley.     Gomez unwraps it and morosely eats.
36) 0) text: Gomez is STRETCHED OUT on the naked box springs of his bed -- the mattress pushed aside. A damp cloth covers his eyes. Thing MASSAGES his aching head. A bowl of MOTEL SOAPS is beside him. In contrast, Morticia squarely faces the crisis. She addresses the family from the head of the breakfast table, the want ads open on the table before her.
36) 11) dialog: (out of it)
44) 0) text: Eating compulsively form a box of Mallomars, Gomez is still stretched out on the naked box springs. He stares vacantly at a game show on TV. "Jeopardy" is on.
44) 3) dialog: (shouts)
45) 0) text: Granny, running now, club raised, hurries past the open window of the bungalow. She stops at the sight of Gomez inside, standing on the bed, staring at the television. C.U. on the TV set - Gomez is now watching Geraldo Rivera hosting his tabloid style show.
47) 2) dialog: (on the studio PA system)
47) 9) dialog: Re-run. He switches off the set and stares at the blank screen.
47) 12) dialog: (not even turning)
49) 0) text: The family sleeps - all but Morticia. She sits up in bed beside Gomez. She looks around at her family. Wednesday sleeps in the same bed as Granny. Lurch is flat out on the floor. Pugsley uses him for a mattress, and Thing uses Pugsley. Pugsley snores the inhale part of a snore, Lurch groans the exhale part, and Thing punctuates by wiggling. Morticia stares down at Gomez - for a long beat. She strokes his hair lovingly. Full of resolve, she gets out of bed.
57) 1) dialog: Who is it?     We're paid through Thursday. He opens the door.    Thing rushes in.
58) 4) dialog: (whispers)
58) 6) dialog: Morticia in danger... stop!    Send help at once ... stop! Thing flops down in exhausted triumph.    Gomez grabs him and heads off.
59) 6) text: Tully Alford - charlatan. Deadbeat. Parasite. How Gomez adored you.
60) 0) text: Gomez cuts the engine. The car glides silently through Gate -- who opens uncharacteristically without a creak. Gomez stops the car and skulks out. Thing skulks after him. Gomez sees the reflections of the roaring fire through the study window.
61) 0) text: As Fester takes the poker and approaches Morticia - GOMEZ CRASHES THROUGH THE WINDOW, in a back-flip. Thing JUDO-FLIPS in after Gomez.
61) 4) dialog: Cara mia!
61) 8) dialog: Dirty pool, old man.      Never again!
61) 10) dialog: One for you, Tully, and... Gomez ATTACKS - HIS BLADE FLASHING LIKE LIGHTNING. In a blur of action, Tully's sword is knocked from his hand an he's sent tumbling backwards, finally landing on his knee
61) 11) dialog: ... one for me! Tully looks up at Gomez with cowardly, pleading eyes.
61) 19) text: Gomez is near enough now to take Morticia's hand, on the torture wheel.
61) 20) dialog: Tish - seeing you like this.   My blood boils.
61) 22) dialog: (touching the torture wheel) This wheel of pain...
61) 25) dialog: (to Morticia) To live without you - only that would be torture.
61) 30) text: A day alone - only that would be death. Gomez kisses Morticia's hand.
61) 35) text: Gomez's hand is on the right book, "Greed," but Fester stops him from pulling it.
61) 37) dialog: (murmuring)
61) 48) dialog: Leather straps, red-hot pokers...
61) 54) dialog: Come, my love - to safety!
61) 59) dialog: (calling out, to Fester)
61) 63) dialog: (calling out to Fester)
61) 64) text: Old man! This way! ANGLE ON THING, across the room, struggling across the floor toward the bookshelf. Thing fights the wind, which pelts him with papers and other flying debris. Gomez can no longer fight the storm, and the bookshelf slams shut. Fester desperately tries to close the book to quell the storm, but a HUGE BOLT OF LIGHTNING ZAPS HIM. He falls to the floor, with electricity coursing through him. MOVE IN on the storm raging within the pages of the book, then -
63) 0) text: Lurch is closing the front door, looking puzzled. The family is busily decorating the house for their annua Halloween festivities. All the decorations are elegant yet ancient, dusty and faded. The crystal gloves in the chandeliers have been replaced by miniature jack o- lanterns. Skeletons, each wearing a top hat, hang from the sconces by the nooses around their necks. There are clusters of black and orange balloons, covered with cobwebs. Uncle Fester and Thing are draping the banisters and stairway railings with a garland made from crepe paper, dead branches and spanish moss. Skulls, each holding a candle, are scattered about, on the stairs and the furniture. A stuffed, life-size scarecrow leans against the stairway, with a pitchfork through its throat A banner on the wall reads "HAPPY HALLOWEEN", and the letters drip with blood. Gomez hangs upside down from the balcony.   Morticia hand him a decoration. Granny appears from the kitchen, carrying a tray of food.
63) 5) dialog: Pugsley, old man!
63) 14) dialog: Let's get a picture!     Lurch?
63) 21) dialog: Look, everyone! We have guests!
63) 24) dialog: (admiringly)
64) 0) text: Fester and Pugsley are posed at one end of the room. Lurch has set up an easel and canvas; he is painting Fester and Pugsley's portrait. Gomez and Wednesday are sitting on the floor amid newspapers, carving a pumpkin. Morticia is knitting. Margaret and Cousin It sit together holding hands. Granny brings people cups of steaming punch, from a punch bowl.
64) 12) dialog: (to It)
64) 27) dialog: (jovially)
64) 35) dialog: All right, everybody - time for a game! What shall it be - bobbing for apples?
64) 41) dialog: (equally excited)
64) 52) text: I tell you what - we'll give you a head start. Three skulls and a pelvis - how's that? Pugsley and Wednesday cheer and run out.   Fester faces Gomez.
64) 54) dialog: Blood is thicker than water, old man.
64) 56) text: And just as refreshing. Gomez offers his hand.   Fester takes it, in a manly handshake.
64) 57) dialog: Let us never be parted.
65) 0) text: Everyone is gone. Morticia and Gomez have drifted into the front hall; they are moving toward the front door.
65) 3) dialog: Oh, Tish - what a night. Everyone -- together at last. What more could we ask?
65) 5) dialog: (ecstatic)
66) 0) text: Morticia and Gomez are silhouetted in the doorway. There is a FULL MOON. In the distance, a wolf HOWLS. Wispy GHOSTS flit through the night sky. A human SCREAM is heard, followed by Granny's CACKLE. In the cemetery, torches are seen, like fireflies.