7) 0) text: Solemn and mournful, ten-year-old Wednesday has black hair and white skin like her mother. She sits on a stool among the stored Addams' family objects, ONE END OF A STRING TIED TO HER TOOTH, THE OTHER TIED TO A TRAP DOOR. The trap door is flung open, GRANNY pokes her head through. She's a giggly hag who looks like she was in the bathtub when the hairdryer fell in. Wednesday's pulled tooth swings at the end of the string.
7) 2) dialog: You kids are going to have to kill your own breakfast this morning. Wednesday opens a cigar box. Inside the box are assorted human and animal teeth, fangs and dentures, along with a collection of glass eyes. Wednesday drops her tooth in the box.
9) 0) text: Granny delivers a swift kick to her fog machine.
9) 1) dialog: Lousy bucket of bolts...! The FOG MACHINE, straight out of a Jules Verne nightmare, is malfunctioning this morning, struggling to churn out its patches of fog.
10) 2) text: Granny - where's your fog?
19) 0) text: Gomez rallies the family for the search. Morticia wears a black cloak. Granny has grabbed her divining rod. Lurch distributes torches, then stands aside, awaiting instructions. Pugsley helps Gomez unroll an ancient map of the area.
19) 13) dialog: Then who'll take the swamp?
25) 0) text: Morticia and Granny stand in the middle of the dripping dankness. Stalagmites. Stalactites. Granny's torch casts scary shadows on the cave walls.
25) 1) dialog: (calling out)
33) 2) dialog: I like it. Her mother pats her consolingly.
36) 2) dialog: Kill the hare. Skin it.   Boil it.
36) 6) dialog: Because we like it!
43) 0) text: Granny holds a club behind her back as she stalks something.
43) 1) dialog: Here kitty, kitty, kitty...
45) 0) text: Granny, running now, club raised, hurries past the open window of the bungalow. She stops at the sight of Gomez inside, standing on the bed, staring at the television. C.U. on the TV set - Gomez is now watching Geraldo Rivera hosting his tabloid style show.
47) 13) text: A drive? And miss "Matlock"? Granny opens the door and sticks her head in.
47) 14) dialog: Dinner's going to be late. She slams the door.   We hear her whistling.
47) 15) dialog: Here, boy.   Here, boy.
49) 0) text: The family sleeps - all but Morticia. She sits up in bed beside Gomez. She looks around at her family. Wednesday sleeps in the same bed as Granny. Lurch is flat out on the floor. Pugsley uses him for a mattress, and Thing uses Pugsley. Pugsley snores the inhale part of a snore, Lurch groans the exhale part, and Thing punctuates by wiggling. Morticia stares down at Gomez - for a long beat. She strokes his hair lovingly. Full of resolve, she gets out of bed.
63) 0) text: Lurch is closing the front door, looking puzzled. The family is busily decorating the house for their annua Halloween festivities. All the decorations are elegant yet ancient, dusty and faded. The crystal gloves in the chandeliers have been replaced by miniature jack o- lanterns. Skeletons, each wearing a top hat, hang from the sconces by the nooses around their necks. There are clusters of black and orange balloons, covered with cobwebs. Uncle Fester and Thing are draping the banisters and stairway railings with a garland made from crepe paper, dead branches and spanish moss. Skulls, each holding a candle, are scattered about, on the stairs and the furniture. A stuffed, life-size scarecrow leans against the stairway, with a pitchfork through its throat A banner on the wall reads "HAPPY HALLOWEEN", and the letters drip with blood. Gomez hangs upside down from the balcony.   Morticia hand him a decoration. Granny appears from the kitchen, carrying a tray of food.
63) 1) dialog: Well, it's their loss. I even made finger sandwiches. Perched on Fester's shoulder, Thing shakes in fear.
64) 0) text: Fester and Pugsley are posed at one end of the room. Lurch has set up an easel and canvas; he is painting Fester and Pugsley's portrait. Gomez and Wednesday are sitting on the floor amid newspapers, carving a pumpkin. Morticia is knitting. Margaret and Cousin It sit together holding hands. Granny brings people cups of steaming punch, from a punch bowl.
64) 24) dialog: (to Fester)
64) 45) dialog: Did you bring a shovel?
66) 0) text: Morticia and Gomez are silhouetted in the doorway. There is a FULL MOON. In the distance, a wolf HOWLS. Wispy GHOSTS flit through the night sky. A human SCREAM is heard, followed by Granny's CACKLE. In the cemetery, torches are seen, like fireflies.