5) 1) dialog: 
5) 6) text: Look at her -- I would die for her. I would kill for her. Either way -- what bliss. Low-voiced, incisive, and subtle, with Morticia, smiles are rare. The ghostly whiteness of her complexion is offset by the red of the pillowcase upon which her hair is spread like a diabolic halo. A dark Garbo, sultry and remote, she's a ruined beauty. Morticia OPENS HER EYES.
5) 9) dialog: (passionately)
8) 0) text: Gomez takes Morticia in his arms. As she languidly drapes herself across his chest, she is caught in a sudden shaft of sunlight. She squints. On the bedside table beside her, Morticia's OVERSIZED CARNIVOROUS ORCHID WILTS.
8) 1) dialog: Gomez... the sun... il me perce comme un poignard.
8) 4) dialog: (nonchalant)
8) 11) dialog: Gomez?
8) 13) dialog: Last night, you were... unhinged. You were like some desperate, howling demon. You frightened me. Do it again. Gomez, instantly aflame.
10) 0) text: At the window, Gomez pokes his head out. In the background, Morticia brushes her hair with a silver filigree brush.
14) 7) dialog: The little ones, off to school. Bless them.
14) 9) dialog: Too fast.
15) 0) text: Morticia, wearing gardening gloves, is snipping the blossoms off her roses. Gomez sits at a table, playing CHESS with Thing.
15) 2) dialog: (yearningly) Oh Gomez, don't torture yourself. That's my job.
15) 4) dialog: Imagine, Darling, if Fester did come back. Half-alive, barely human, a rotting shell...
17) 0) text: Gomez moves a chess piece. Thing gestures out the window. Gomez and Morticia both look out. As they do, Thing moves two chess pieces, cheating.
17) 1) dialog: (looking out)
18) 0) text: Morticia is looking for her children. She discovers Pugsley ASLEEP, curled up on the SILVER PLATTER WHERE THE TWO-HEADED PIG LAY. She finds this enchanting. Gomez enters.   Morticia shushes him; she points to the platter.
18) 1) dialog: (whispering)
18) 5) dialog: (whispering)
18) 12) dialog: It's over, darling - have you seen your sister?
18) 14) dialog: Gomez?
19) 0) text: Gomez rallies the family for the search. Morticia wears a black cloak. Granny has grabbed her divining rod. Lurch distributes torches, then stands aside, awaiting instructions. Pugsley helps Gomez unroll an ancient map of the area.
19) 2) dialog: (worried)
25) 0) text: Morticia and Granny stand in the middle of the dripping dankness. Stalagmites. Stalactites. Granny's torch casts scary shadows on the cave walls.
25) 3) dialog: Oh, Mama, I was sure we'd find her here.
28) 11) dialog: Fester adores Gomez!
33) 3) dialog: Just as long as we're together, n'est pas, mon cher? As she turns to Gomez, we see the interior of the bungalo -- all ersatz cowboy and Indian mixed with chrome-plated plastic and orange shag carpet.
33) 8) dialog: That's the soap, dear.
33) 17) text: Father? Wednesday exchanges a panic-stricken look with Morticia. The family moves closer to Gomez.
36) 0) text: Gomez is STRETCHED OUT on the naked box springs of his bed -- the mattress pushed aside. A damp cloth covers his eyes. Thing MASSAGES his aching head. A bowl of MOTEL SOAPS is beside him. In contrast, Morticia squarely faces the crisis. She addresses the family from the head of the breakfast table, the want ads open on the table before her.
36) 1) dialog: We are Addamses, and we will not submit. Who recalls the fable of the tortoise and the hare? The swift, yet lazy little cottontail, and his slow but determined companion? What does that story teach us, as Addamses?
36) 5) dialog: Yes! We will survive! Poison us, strangle us, break our bones - we will come back for more. And why?
38) 0) text: Morticia is being interviewed by a PERSONNEL OFFICER, a relentlessly perky gal with a clipboard.
38) 2) dialog: Private tutors.
38) 4) dialog: Spells and Hexes.
38) 7) dialog: Well, one day each week I visit Death Row at our local prison, with my children.
38) 13) dialog: Autographs.
38) 15) dialog: He's... he's going through a bad patch at the moment. But it's not his fault.
38) 18) dialog: (wistfully)
38) 19) text: Not anymore. The Personnel Officer shoots Morticia a doubtful glance, and begins rifling through her card file.
42) 0) text: Morticia is telling a story to a group of TODDLERS, who have gathered in a circle around her, sitting on carpet squares. The room is sunny and cheerful, with crayon drawings taped to the walls.
42) 1) dialog: ... and so the witch lured Hansel and Gretel into the candy house, by promising them more sweets. And she told them to look in the oven, and she was about to push them in, when, low and behold, Hansel pushed the poor, defenseless witch into the oven instead. Where she was burned alive, writhing in agony. Now, boys and girls, what do you think that feels like? After a beat, all the toddlers begin to CRY and WAIL.
47) 11) dialog: I know - Gomez, let's go for a drive. The whole family.
48) 0) text: Morticia is putting Wednesday to bed.
48) 2) dialog: I don't know, darling.   I wish I did.
48) 4) dialog: It's hard to say. Sometimes people have had terrible childhoods. And sometimes they just haven't found their special place in life. And sometimes they're dogs from hell and must be destroyed. Morticia kisses Wednesday and she closes her eyes to go to sleep.
49) 0) text: The family sleeps - all but Morticia. She sits up in bed beside Gomez. She looks around at her family. Wednesday sleeps in the same bed as Granny. Lurch is flat out on the floor. Pugsley uses him for a mattress, and Thing uses Pugsley. Pugsley snores the inhale part of a snore, Lurch groans the exhale part, and Thing punctuates by wiggling. Morticia stares down at Gomez - for a long beat. She strokes his hair lovingly. Full of resolve, she gets out of bed.
51) 0) text: Morticia, fully dressed, wearing her cloak, heads off down the walk. Unseen by her, Thing trails after.
52) 0) text: Morticia, just outside Gate, struggles to get it open, Thing clutching the bars, also attempting to block her way.
52) 1) dialog: Stop it, you two.
52) 2) text: Morticia breaks free of Thing.
53) 0) text: Tully opens the front door. He smiles maliciously at the sight of Morticia on the stoop.
53) 1) dialog: I would like to speak with Fester.
53) 4) text: Morticia crosses the threshold.
55) 0) text: Morticia is now stretched out on the torture RACK. Fester and Tully are securing her hands and feet, under Abigail' supervision. Fester seems torn, agitated, upset.
55) 1) dialog: (to Abigail, graciously)
55) 5) dialog: (sweetly, to Abigail)
55) 25) dialog: (to Tully, flirtatiously)
59) 0) text: Morticia is now lashed to an ENORMOUS TORTURE WHEEL. Tully and Abigail are tending the stick BRANDING IRONS stuck in the roaring fire.
59) 5) dialog: (graciously, with understanding)
59) 9) dialog: Dear Fester - or whomever you are. Which is the real you - the loathsome, under-handed monster you've become? Or the loathsome, underhanded monster we came to love?
59) 15) dialog: Fester - I saw you tonight, at my window. I know it was you.
61) 0) text: As Fester takes the poker and approaches Morticia - GOMEZ CRASHES THROUGH THE WINDOW, in a back-flip. Thing JUDO-FLIPS in after Gomez.
61) 5) dialog: Mon cher!
61) 7) dialog: Darling, take care! Without even looking, Gomez parries Tully's blow from behind. Then he whirls on Tully.
61) 19) text: Gomez is near enough now to take Morticia's hand, on the torture wheel.
61) 21) dialog: As does mine.
61) 23) dialog: Our wheel.
61) 29) dialog: (to Gomez)
61) 30) text: A day alone - only that would be death. Gomez kisses Morticia's hand.
61) 47) dialog: Quickly, my darling! He helps her down from the wheel.
61) 49) dialog: Later, my dearest. ANGLE on Fester, facing off with Abigail, as Tully cowers
61) 55) dialog: But what of Fester?
63) 0) text: Lurch is closing the front door, looking puzzled. The family is busily decorating the house for their annua Halloween festivities. All the decorations are elegant yet ancient, dusty and faded. The crystal gloves in the chandeliers have been replaced by miniature jack o- lanterns. Skeletons, each wearing a top hat, hang from the sconces by the nooses around their necks. There are clusters of black and orange balloons, covered with cobwebs. Uncle Fester and Thing are draping the banisters and stairway railings with a garland made from crepe paper, dead branches and spanish moss. Skulls, each holding a candle, are scattered about, on the stairs and the furniture. A stuffed, life-size scarecrow leans against the stairway, with a pitchfork through its throat A banner on the wall reads "HAPPY HALLOWEEN", and the letters drip with blood. Gomez hangs upside down from the balcony.   Morticia hand him a decoration. Granny appears from the kitchen, carrying a tray of food.
63) 6) dialog: (delighted)
63) 15) dialog: Oh yes - in the den.
63) 22) dialog: Hello, Margaret. Cousin It - I almost didn't recognize you.
64) 0) text: Fester and Pugsley are posed at one end of the room. Lurch has set up an easel and canvas; he is painting Fester and Pugsley's portrait. Gomez and Wednesday are sitting on the floor amid newspapers, carving a pumpkin. Morticia is knitting. Margaret and Cousin It sit together holding hands. Granny brings people cups of steaming punch, from a punch bowl.
64) 7) dialog: That unfortunate woman. Filled with evil. (shaking her head, sadly)
64) 16) dialog: How true.   Stranger things have happened.
64) 34) dialog: And just as refreshing.
64) 38) dialog: Of course - "Wake The Dead."
64) 55) dialog: (touched by the brothers devotion)
64) 61) dialog: We'll catch up. Fester runs out.
65) 0) text: Everyone is gone. Morticia and Gomez have drifted into the front hall; they are moving toward the front door.
65) 1) dialog: (deeply satisfied)
65) 4) dialog: Gomez? Morticia holds up the garment she's been knitting - it's a BABY JUMPER WITH THREE LEGS.
65) 7) dialog: (shaking her head "yes")
66) 0) text: Morticia and Gomez are silhouetted in the doorway. There is a FULL MOON. In the distance, a wolf HOWLS. Wispy GHOSTS flit through the night sky. A human SCREAM is heard, followed by Granny's CACKLE. In the cemetery, torches are seen, like fireflies.