6) 0) text: Pugsley crouches on the floor, playing with his kid-sized chemistry set. The walls of his room are covered with road signs he's collected -- "Bridge Out!", "Detour! Excavation Ahead!", "Dangerous Undertow!", "Keep Clear! High Voltage!" SAWED-OFF STOP SIGNS, still on their poles, are stacked in the corner. In another corner stands a CYLINDRICAL FLOOR-TO-CEILING FISH TANK, FILLED WITH PIRANHA. This tubby energetic monster of a nine-year-old boy has every chance of growing up to be the public monster his parents would be proud of. He MIXES chemicals in a beaker. The brew steams.    Grin- ning wickedly, Pugsley SWALLOWS it down. He contorts, undergoing the beginnings of a transforma- tion, then SHRINKS to the size of a mouse. Laughing, he crawls out of his human-size pajamas.
14) 10) text: Tires smoking, the school bus strains to chug down the road. Gleefully hanging from the rear bumper is Pugsley, dragging his heels.
18) 0) text: Morticia is looking for her children. She discovers Pugsley ASLEEP, curled up on the SILVER PLATTER WHERE THE TWO-HEADED PIG LAY. She finds this enchanting. Gomez enters.   Morticia shushes him; she points to the platter.
18) 6) text: So sweet. He looks just... like a little entree. Pugsley wakes up; he looks around.
18) 7) dialog: (sleepy)
18) 13) dialog: Not since before the Mamushka.
19) 0) text: Gomez rallies the family for the search. Morticia wears a black cloak. Granny has grabbed her divining rod. Lurch distributes torches, then stands aside, awaiting instructions. Pugsley helps Gomez unroll an ancient map of the area.
33) 6) dialog: comes from the bathroom, nibbling a wrapped bar of motel soap.
33) 7) dialog: This place isn't so bad. They even put candy in the bathroom.
33) 12) dialog: Oh. He takes another greedy bite. Wednesday pats her father's arm.
36) 4) dialog: During rush hour.
36) 10) dialog: Because we're Addamses! Gomez tries to rouse himself.
37) 0) text: Wednesday and Pugsley have set up a LEMONADE STAND, their contribution to the Addams' financial well-being. An array of POISONS are lined up on their rickety table. They've slashed their prices to a nickel per cup. The pitcher on the table before them steams. Cars speed by. Carrying a SAMPLE VACUUM CLEANER and a bucket, Lurch come out of the motel courtyard. Pugsley offers him a cup of punch.
37) 1) dialog: Here, Lurch.   On the house. Lurch downs it in a gulp and heads off. Feeling the effects of the lemonade, Lurch BURPS -- a tongue of flame shoots from his mouth and INCINERATES A WOODEN INDIAN advertising the Wampum Court.
40) 0) text: Wednesday and Pugsley are at their lemonade stand. They are negotiating with a PRISSY LITTLE GIRL IN A GIRL SCOUT UNIFORM. The girl scout carries several boxes of Girl Scout cookies.
40) 5) dialog: Yes.
47) 10) dialog: I don't understand. All he does is watch TV and eat.
49) 0) text: The family sleeps - all but Morticia. She sits up in bed beside Gomez. She looks around at her family. Wednesday sleeps in the same bed as Granny. Lurch is flat out on the floor. Pugsley uses him for a mattress, and Thing uses Pugsley. Pugsley snores the inhale part of a snore, Lurch groans the exhale part, and Thing punctuates by wiggling. Morticia stares down at Gomez - for a long beat. She strokes his hair lovingly. Full of resolve, she gets out of bed.
63) 4) dialog: Here we come! Wednesday and Pugsley come down the stairs. Wednesday is dressed in her usual style, but Pugsley is dressed as a tiny version of UNCLE FESTER, COMPLETE WITH BALD HEAD A GREATCOAT. The adults are delighted. Gomez flips down onto his feet.
63) 8) dialog: (to Uncle Fester)
63) 9) text: How do you like it? Fester is very touched; he picks Pugsley up.
64) 0) text: Fester and Pugsley are posed at one end of the room. Lurch has set up an easel and canvas; he is painting Fester and Pugsley's portrait. Gomez and Wednesday are sitting on the floor amid newspapers, carving a pumpkin. Morticia is knitting. Margaret and Cousin It sit together holding hands. Granny brings people cups of steaming punch, from a punch bowl.
64) 9) dialog: (to Fester)
64) 26) dialog: Please, Uncle Fester?
64) 28) text: Pugsley...
64) 32) dialog: For the picture? Fester pops a light bulb into his mouth.   It lights. Pugsley giggles. Gomez stands up, having finished the pumpkin. He places it on a table, and lights the candle inside. The pumpkin glows. It has ONE EYE IN THE MIDDLE OF ITS FOREHEAD. Everyone oohs and ahhs.
64) 49) dialog: Uncle Fester, will you be on my team?
64) 52) text: I tell you what - we'll give you a head start. Three skulls and a pelvis - how's that? Pugsley and Wednesday cheer and run out.   Fester faces Gomez.