14) 0) text: Across the street on the roof of a building, Agent Bart HOPPER, 54, with a widows peak, looks down at Martha’s wi through binoculars. Next to him, Agent WALLY Kinokis, 30, gruff looking, pops open a pack of nicotine gum. Both of them, from their clothes to their posture, read as FBI.
14) 2) dialog: (beat) Nope.
14) 4) dialog: I don’t know.
14) 6) dialog: Does chewing that gum help you at all?
14) 8) dialog: Then chew the damn gum. Wally shrugs. 29. INT. MARTHA’S APARTMENT —- BEDROOM —- MORNING Martha lays asleep, alone, in bed; her towel has come mos unwrapped, and we can see her bare back and a little bit her butt. She blinks, awaking and realizing she’s alone, then notices a note on her bed. Drawn on it is a simple, childlike image of Martha fighti cat like a lion tamer, with stiff block letters under it. HAVE TO GO TO WORK. I WILL SEE YOU TONIGHT.” She stares a it for a moment, and then slowly allows herself to smile. INT. CAR DEALERSHIP - RIGHT’S OFFICE Right sits at his desk, talking on the phone, looking out window. The nameplate reads “Clark Speck.” There’s a wind up toy on his desk, wandering along.
17) 54) dialog: I’m Agent Hopper, this is Wally-
17) 56) dialog: Yeah, we’re here to talk to Martha McKay.
18) 11) dialog: (interrupting her) His name is Francis Minch. He’s a psychopath. Hopper spreads some photos out on the table, mugshots, ne photographs of assassinations.
18) 12) dialog: He was formerly one of the world’s most notorious professional killers. He had been ever since he was a teenager, just a kind of meat-grinder of a man. But then, about a year ago, he had a nervous breakdown and quit.
18) 16) dialog: What?
18) 18) text: After a beat, Hopper smiles an odd smile.
18) 19) dialog: After the breakdown, Minch developed a kind of moral code. He’s still notorious. People still try to hire him. But now, he kills them.
18) 21) dialog: That’s right.
18) 24) dialog: So is Francis Minch. Martha and Elaine are silent.
18) 26) dialog: Oh, there’s no kind of chart. Minch isn’t some kind of superhero, he’s as human as you and me, he’s just...He’s just frighteningly efficient. He dances in, kills everyone, and dances out. (to himself, ponderous) It's kind of beautiful, really. 50. A long beat. Martha and Hopper have made eye contact, and there’s an odd kind of understanding. Elaine and Wally lo distinctly non-plussed.
18) 28) dialog: (standing) The man you witnessed him killing today was heavily involved in organized crime. We should expect retribution. We're arranging a safe-house for you; until then, we’re putting this apartment under protection. (CONTINUED)
18) 32) dialog: Right. She’s got it. Martha stares at nothing.
19) 34) dialog: Hi.
19) 36) dialog: Wally’s out in the car.
19) 38) dialog: Everything’s fine.
19) 40) dialog: Minch...three years. Wally came in later, after the change-over happened. (to Martha’s reaction) When he started killing his clients.
19) 42) dialog: You want the honest answer or the Federal answer?
19) 46) dialog: I have no idea. We think he’s in danger; the man he killed has a lot of dangerous people backing him up. (beat, musing) Of course, so did the Picolos, and that didn’t help them.
19) 48) dialog: A little syndicate up north; drugs, heroin mainly, thought they were really tough guys. Tried to hire Minch, bing bang boom, their guys are dead. They try to come after him for revenge, and the backlash destroys them. (holds up two fingers) One survivor. Of four leaders, and fifteen underlings, one guy lived. Everyone thought it was a rival gang, but-
19) 50) dialog: 
19) 52) dialog: Maybe that doesn’t answer your question, but that’s all I’ve got. (beat) Personally, I’d say he hasn’t killed anybody that didn’t have it coming since the change-over. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
19) 55) dialog: So I think the real question is, do you believe that evil has an expiration date? Martha nods, and slowly closes the door. INT. RICHARD’S OFFICE - SHORTLY THEREAFTER Richard looks absolutely furious, yelling at Von and Shot Steve. Bruce stands by, watching, uncomfortable.
19) 80) dialog: -shit- -tazers him in the shoulder. INT. MARTHA’S APARTMENT —- HALLWAY There’s a knock, and Martha comes to the door, looks thro the peep hole, stands very still for a moment and then op the door. Right enters, dragging Hopper in with him.
21) 11) dialog: (to a cop) Where’s the SWAT team? We called a damn SWAT team, where are they-
21) 13) dialog: We can’t expect-—
21) 24) dialog: This is bad, this is bad.
21) 26) dialog: 
21) 33) dialog: 
23) 0) text: Hopper flips his FBI badge to the guy at the check-booth the edge of the storage facilities parking lot, and the g lets him pass. We pan to reveal Mr. Right laying along th bottom of the backseats, two guns pressed to Hopper’s cha
23) 4) dialog: (more frustrated than scared) Shoot me, jesus christ. (CONTINUED)
23) 8) dialog: My god. Right goes in, keeping Hopper at gunpoint.
23) 9) dialog: What are you going to do? Mr. Right smiles. AS HOPPER TALKS: Mr. Right goes through the container, keeping him at gunpoint, picking up a sniper rifle, an M- a string of grenades, and two miniature bouncing betty la mines.
23) 10) dialog: They took her, didn’t they? (beat) They took her. And you’re, what, you’re going to go after them? Or, no, you're going to leave, like you did in Bosnia, just disappear, or... (as Right picks up the M-16) You’re going after them. Of course. “Love,” right. Francis, we can help you. We can. I mean, we can even grant you amnesty, we can use you, even put you in Witness Protection, not that you need it. We don’t like the Cartigans any more than you, and we certainly don’t want any harm to come to Martha. We can fix this, Francis, and I’m not lying. We can turn this around. Minch, damn it, listen, these aren't the Piccolos you're dealing with, these are dangerous men. Mr. Right approaches Hopper, flipping off the light and putting on the clown nose in one motion.
23) 11) dialog: ohchrist.
23) 16) dialog: (quickly) No.
23) 18) dialog: You know who I am.
23) 20) dialog: You know I’ve been following you, you know-
23) 24) dialog: What do you mean? (CONTINUED)
23) 28) dialog: At the Cartigan Estate, sure. Hopper freezes. Right smiles.
25) 1) dialog: There must be twenty men in the cars, more inside, all heavily armed. What can you do, Francis? What are you going to do?
25) 4) dialog: Fucking hell, fuck! Steve, still in his car just outside the gate, blinks as Right walks casually past.
34) 24) dialog: (quietly, in pain) Well, I’11l be damned. Von slumps forward. CUT TO: MR. RIGHT’S HAND ON THE WINDOW LEDGE. INT. THE CARTIGAN LODGE - LIBRARY —- CONTINUOUS Right is gradually pulling himself back up into the windo into the now empty, corpse-covered room. He makes it, and then lays there on the floor, panting. He hears a gun cock. Zeke stands over Mr. Right, smiling down at him, gun draw He keeps one hand over bloody burn/clip wound on his ches
35) 22) dialog: Steven Bradley Gage. The projector clicks, and now displays an equally well- dressed/groomed picture of Bruce.
35) 23) dialog: Bruce Christopher Cooper. INT. FBI BRIEFING ROOM —- CONTINUOUS Hopper, his arm in a sling, stands in front of a large projection screen in a room full of agents. Wally stands the back, chewing his gum, leaning on a crutch. The slide change according to what Hopper discusses.
35) 24) dialog: These two men, within the last month, have settled into controlling positions of what was formerly the Cartigan Crime Syndicate. Now, their rise to these positions was of course facilitated by the massacre at the Cartigan estate in Bonville, where Francis Minch and Martha McKay evaded capture after killing all remaining members of the Cartigan family. Now, as you know, the immediate capture of Minch and McKay is the priority of this task force, and over the next couple of weeks we’re going to learn everything we can about them. (beat) As most of you know, I’ve been demoted to advisory status on this case, so for a more complete briefing on the situation, and our pursuit strategy, I’m going to direct you upstairs to Agent Hirschfeld. All the agents nod and start putting away their things. Hopper looks sad. 105.
36) 22) dialog: Yes, Weitz, what’s up?
36) 24) dialog: Well-
36) 26) dialog: (smiles) Off the record. Right. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
36) 29) dialog: Well, I think we’ve got it all backwards. I don’t think he’s on the run.
36) 32) dialog: I think he probably just took McKay, flew somewhere he wanted to be and they’ve set up shop like nothing’s wrong. I think he’s in love, and he’s done with organized crime for now; he’s probably selling cars, a travel agent, I don’t know. Right walks past an alley, where a group of Serbian thugs mercilessly beating on two men. Right stops, casually eye the men.