1) 0) text: It’s a lot on the edge of the city, barely lit. The burni car sits in the center, and two other men stand a couple dozen feet away, by another car. VON Cartigan, late 30s, well dressed and handsome, with a spry, boyish look about him and cowboy boots, stands coun money in a briefcase on the trunk of the car. JOHNNY HOWL, stocky, 40s, with an eerie jack-o-lantern fa stands watching the car burn. Von looks at the money and tips his head to the side, thinking. (CONTINUED)
1) 3) dialog: It’s never too much, Von.
1) 5) dialog: He shouldn’t have brought his kid.
1) 7) dialog: (beat) Yeah. Von closes the briefcase.
1) 9) dialog: (beat) Yeah. Von pops the trunk, and starts to put in the briefcase.
1) 10) dialog: Hey Von. Von looks up, and Johnny nods at a badly burnt man, who’s crawling away from the car. Von laughs, and closes the trunk, then heads over to the crawling man.
12) 37) dialog: No, I wanted to-
17) 38) dialog: The guy just walked up and shot him, like that. Nothing to it. I don’t see what the big fuss is, we just-
17) 51) dialog: I got two addresses. (puts them out on the table) That’s his job, that’s his girlfriend.
18) 0) text: Johnny Howl is handing out guns and ammunition to three g SAW, who holds a massive Madsen machine gun, UZI, who hol an Uzi, and Shotgun Steve, who’s been given an ancient Pa shotgun. ZEKE, late 20s, with spiked hair, a collared shi and a better than you attitude, stands by in the backgrou
18) 2) dialog: Shoot him.
18) 4) dialog: Look, we’re hitting him at his straight job, at closing. The guy has no idea what's coming. Walk up on him and shoot him in the face, how much of a fuckin’ retard would you have to be to screw that up?
18) 8) dialog: I need Zeke here with me. Just shut your mouth, do your job, or I’1l cut your fucking cheeks out, yeah? Steve is reluctantly quiet. 49. INT. MARTHA’S APARTMENT —- LIVING ROOM Martha sits motionless at a eaves-table; Elaine is pacing behind her, looking shaky. Hopper is seated across from h and Wally stands behind him; Hopper’s open briefcase sits a chair next to him.
19) 108) dialog: (points at a window) She’s up there. Fifth floor, second from the right.
19) 151) dialog: A clown nose, huh? Cute gimmick. You know, for a while, I was gonna wear bow ties, so I could be known as “the guy with the bow tie?” I thought about it, and I decided, you know, I’d rather just be known as “the guy who killed all your friends.” He grins, picking up his gun. Martha appears behind him.
19) 153) dialog: (confused, turning) What? Martha shrugs. The clown nose is casually picked out of Johnny Howl’s hand, and he turns back to see Right, cover in blood, wearing the nose again, on his feet, smiling. EXT. MARTHA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - STREET LEVEL Zeke comes rushing out to Shotgun Steve, Von and seven ot guys, who wait by the cars.
19) 184) dialog: I got it.
19) 186) dialog: I got it. Johnny starts his car and slams on the gas, motoring down ramp. Zeke starts to slowly advance with his AK-47. Von looks absolutely helpless, gun raised impotently.
20) 0) text: Johnny Howl drives slowly through the parking structure, wide, searching; he has a certain animal countenance to h his pupils bouncing around like an angry wolf on the prow His car passes Mr. Right and Martha, who hide behind a concrete pillar. Mr. Right hands Martha his keys, and silently points at t car, then makes a “go-around” motion with his hand. She takes a moment to understand, then nods, and Right dives from behind the pillar while Martha runs off towards Mr. Right's car. Mr. Right runs up the back of Howl’s car, firing repeated into the roof, and Howl slams on the gas and dives out th driver’s side. The sudden acceleration drops Mr. Right painfully onto th ground, but he manages to hold onto his guns, firing daze at Johnny, who ducks behind a car. Johnny’s car gently crashes into the wall, and Johnny pops out like a jack-in box, advancing on Right and firing the shotgun as Right scrambles out of the way. Right flings one of his empty guns, and it clips Howl on side of the head, causing him to stumble back and be HIT MARTHA DRIVING RIGHT’S CAR! Howl rolls off the hood; the impact wasn’t too bad, but i was certainly enough to throw him into shock.
20) 15) dialog: (tilting his ear) Cops.
22) 36) dialog: Looks like we’re going to be up past bedtime. CUT TO: AGENT HOPPER DRIVING HIS CAR.
24) 1) dialog: Fuck, we're fucked We're not fucked
24) 2) dialog: Fucked, we’re totally fucked Nothing’s even happened,
24) 3) dialog: Shut your fuckin’ mouth, You’re gonna tell me to shut Johnny, don’t tell me my fuckin
24) 5) dialog: Von, you-
24) 9) dialog: Ah, see, here, we can have some fun. Von tears the tape of Martha’s mouth.
24) 12) dialog: (laughs) She knows, Von, she’s just bein’ cute.
26) 1) dialog: He’s here.
26) 3) dialog: Front yard is a fuckin’ warzone. (CONTINUED)
26) 7) dialog: Are you scared?
26) 9) dialog: Why don’t we just kill him?
26) 11) dialog: Both of them. Burn it all. Von thinks for a moment.
26) 13) dialog: (shrugs) I mean, it’ll be interesting, anyway.
26) 15) dialog: Yeah. There are more gunshots from downstairs, and Von grimaces
26) 17) dialog: You’1l have to go past him. Zeke runs up to the door.
26) 19) dialog: Stay sharp. (CONTINUED)
29) 6) dialog: That’s enough of that. (CONTINUED)
30) 19) dialog: (half-calm, half-furious) I’ve got it. Von drags Martha off, and we walk with Johnny as he goes the door...
31) 0) text: The room is dark, lit only by the deep blue early morning light coming in from the big floor to ceiling windows. Th room is cluttered with furniture; the place is being used storage, with almost no books on the shelves. Mr. Right could be anywhere. Johnny Howl pops some gum into his mouth, and walks slowl through the room, MP5 against his hip. It’s near to completely silent; the only sound is his gum smacking as he chews. He slowly surveys the room, and his laser sight comes to rest on a mirror. He bounces the aimer back onto his forehead, look at his bloody reflection.
31) 1) dialog: Ooh, you’re a bad man Johnny Howl. Johnny fires a single shot into his reflection, shatterin the mirror. There’s a silence, but Johnny detects a tiny of sound. JOHNNY HOWL (CONT’D) (smiles, surveying the room) Alone at last.
33) 1) dialog: (loudly) How’s your head?
33) 3) dialog: Well, better now. Johnny turns and starts unloading into a big oaken table, which abruptly flips up and knocks him off balance. Right dives out as Johnny continues to fire at him.
34) 0) text: It's a slope into the woods behind the house. There’s silence, and then Johnny and Right come crashing through the big windows at the side of the game room. They plummet ten feet down to the ground, thud, with Righ having the worse landing. They lay there motionless sever feet apart, surrounded by broken glass. Johnny Howl slooooowly stands up as Mr. Right forces hims to his knees. Howl grabs Right by the back of the head an knees him in the face, breaking his nose.
34) 2) dialog: Bingo, baby! Johnny Howl, clearly in pain but masking it well, yodels into the woods and listens to the echo. JOHNNY HOWL (CONT’D) That’s bodacious, brother, let me tellya. (CONTINUED)
34) 6) dialog: (furious, in agony) Fucking...faggot...I’m gonna fucking kill you...Fucking rip your face off and watch you bleed...shoot that stupid whore of yours and-
34) 8) dialog: I swear to god, you are dead, you a dead man-
35) 11) dialog: (weakly, hoarse) +..The fuck are you looking at? FADE TO BLACK.