18) 0) text: Johnny Howl is handing out guns and ammunition to three g SAW, who holds a massive Madsen machine gun, UZI, who hol an Uzi, and Shotgun Steve, who’s been given an ancient Pa shotgun. ZEKE, late 20s, with spiked hair, a collared shi and a better than you attitude, stands by in the backgrou
18) 1) dialog: What the fuck am I supposed to do with this?
18) 3) dialog: This thing is from like world war fucking one, you said this guy was some kinda super sonic psycho killer and I’m going to go out fucking duck hunting-
18) 5) dialog: S'just-
18) 7) dialog: (ignoring him) And why isn’t Zeke coming?
19) 4) dialog: Agh, shit, STOP FUCKING SHOOTING! Right crouches down, and slowly, carefully starts squat- walking through the row of cars. He looks agitated, but n scared or nervous. Out in the circle, Shotgun Steve, Uzi and SAW look around very quietly. The car alarm screams in the night. (CONTINUED)
19) 8) dialog: (quietly) God fucking damn it, why did you start shooting-
19) 10) dialog: Shh-sh-shh. The car alarm keeps going off into the night. SAW sees something move, and turns, raising the machine gun, unloa BRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKA into the side of three sedans; all o their alarms go off, beginning the overture of a crazed, dysphoric symphony. Shotgun slaps SAW on the back of the head. SHOTGUN STEVE (CONT’D) What the fuck, Jimmy?
19) 12) dialog: Ah man; all right, let’s get out of here. There are two more thumps, and two more sirens start as t men slowly begin to back out of the maze of cars.
19) 25) dialog: (quietly) Steve.
19) 27) dialog: S..isamistake...Iunno... Mr. Right laughs, and shakes his head. Steve just stares him.
19) 57) dialog: That idiot Howl gave me a shotgun with fucking birdshot-
19) 59) dialog: Why the fuck would I, why would you guys even have birdshot shotguns laying around!? Why the fuck would you only send three fucking guys-
19) 75) dialog: Yeah?
19) 77) dialog: (quietly) Right. EXT. MARTHA’S APARTMENT BUILDING Wally sits in the government car out front, humming along an oldie. (CONTINUED)
19) 176) dialog: Stop shooting, damnit, wait until we have a clear shot!
19) 187) dialog: (quietly) Fuck this shit. Steve goes to the truck of one of the cars, and takes out roll of flashbang grenades. We pan to reveal Wally, slump super low in his seat, frantically talking into an FBI ph
20) 18) dialog: Why are we taking the girl? We've got him right here-
21) 2) dialog: (annoyed) Yeah?
21) 4) dialog: What? Why? (CONTINUED)
28) 0) text: Shotgun Steve, out of the car, his eyes on the house, is going through the injured, frantically organizing people are still mobile.
28) 1) dialog: Come on! Come on! We've got to get into the house!
35) 0) text: Martha is banging on the door, crying uncontrollably, loo psychotic. The door unlocks, and she steps back, raising gun. There’s a tense moment as the door slowly opens, revealin Mr. Right, carried between Bruce and Shotgun Steve. Marth is holding the gun directly into Right’s face.
35) 21) dialog: Steve looks good; he’s had a haircut and a shave, and wea tailored jacket.