3) 0) text: He freezes. It's a mirror image of the first car. But no, the passengers are different. Beside him there's a small door. Thinking it's the bathro he instead opens it to find a CONDUCTOR'S COMPARTMENT. A cramped office with chairs and surveillance monitors.
3) 1) dialog: Ticket? A heavy-set CONDUCTOR stands in the aisle. A jangling of keys. Colter just stares at him. Dazed.
3) 2) dialog: May I see your ticket? The last thing on his mind. Bewildered, he searches his pockets.
3) 9) dialog: Have to write you up then. He pulls out a citation pad.
3) 12) dialog: New York. Penn Station.
3) 15) dialog: Princeton Junction.
3) 17) dialog: "˜Bout ten minutes back.
3) 19) dialog: Lucky you. The jaded conductor moves on. Colter is alone with his confusion. Takes a deep breath. The nausea has eased slightly.
20) 22) dialog: Ticket? Expecting this now, Colter hands over his ticket to be punched.
20) 24) dialog: Say what?
20) 26) dialog: Please take a seat, sir. Colter moves on. He looks for suspects. We've seen the faces before -- the Computer Engineer, the Secretary, the Stock Broker, the Backpacker and so on. All seems normal. He finds himself focusing on a jumble o unfiltered details -- Suits. Ties. Shoes. Skirts. Watches. Newspapers. Coffee cups. Litter. Sudden dizziness. He grabs a seatback for support. Sensor details slam into him. We go EXTREMELY CLOSE ON: The STITCHING on a leather purse. A FOUNTAIN PEN rattling in a fold-out tray. AIR CONDITIONING hissing from a vent. A CRUMPLING SOUND as the Overweight Man crushes an empty can. TAP, TAP, TAP -- the Computer Engineer tapping his foot o the floor. Faster and faster. Derek, the Wall Street Type, talks on his phone:
20) 35) dialog: Didn't I tell you to take a seat?
20) 37) dialog: Who are you talking to? An edgy silence. Other passengers looking over. Colter's about to retort, about to accuse Guzman, when he stops. It's too easy. Colter senses the uproar he's about to create. Which just might be a mistake. He reconsiders.
20) 46) dialog: You feeling all right, sir? With a pained smile, Guzman loosens his collar.
20) 48) dialog: Very well. The conductor turns back to Colter.
46) 0) text: The Computer Engineer hurries in. Colter is nowhere in sight. He RUNS down the aisle and towards the next car. PAN OVER to the DOOR of the CONDUCTOR'S COMPARTMENT as it CLICKS SHUT.
47) 0) text: Breathless, Colter has just finished shutting the door an about to use the cell phone when sees THE CONDUCTOR and a TRAIN OFFICIAL Looking over at him in surprise.
51) 14) dialog: Ticket.
51) 20) dialog: Ticket, please.
51) 22) dialog: He still needs a ticket. Colter makes no move to respond. No more concern for anything.
51) 23) dialog: Have it your way, pal. He takes out his book to write Colter up.
51) 25) dialog: I have no idea where he got on. Full fare's $22.50.
64) 0) text: The conductor enters. About to pour himself a cup of coff
64) 2) dialog: Huh? The metal door to THE SAFE has been OPENED.
83) 0) text: The DETONATOR PHONE has been removed from the bomb and no rings harmlessly in the hand of the train's SECURITY OFFI The restroom door is open and swarming with conductors examining the bomb. On the platform, the officers tackle Derek, subduing him. Passengers watch at the windows, mesmerized.
87) 0) text: The train has been evacuated as police investigators sear the rest of the cars. Hoards of passengers fill the platf as conductors try to herd them towards the station.