4) 0) text: Entering the first car again. The rows of passengers. Mus be at least forty people. As he walks back up the aisle, he looks from face to face A pale COMPUTER ENGINEER reviews some documents. A forty-something SECRETARY does a crossword puzzle. DEREK, a stock broker type, talks on his cell phone:
4) 1) dialog: Trust me, by one o'clock, the bridge is going to be jammed... A COLLEGE STUDENT, slumped against a window, eyes shut, listens to an MP-3 player. An OLD MAN with a faded wool suit clutches a cane. A BACKPACKER, female, European, 20s, hiking boots, examin guidebook. A dowdy OFFICER MANAGER type sorts supermarket coupons in tabbed file box. An African American EXECUTIVE reads a newspaper. None of them pays any attention to Colter. A WHOOSH of AIR -- he turns to An AIR-CONDITIONING VENT. The HISS of AIR sound sinister. Like the exhalations of a creature. A SCRAPE. He looks to see A woman FILING HER NAILS. Colter cringes. Every detail, every sensory impression se heightened, near the point of overload. He reaches Christina again. Eases back in the seat across from her. She writes in her journal, ignoring him.
20) 27) dialog: Trust me, by one o'clock, the bridge is going to be jammed... Then... the CLICK of a LOCK UNLATCHING.
20) 52) dialog: (relieved, takes back the
51) 45) dialog: (relieved, takes it back) Wow. Thanks. The train stops. The doors OPEN.
51) 57) dialog: Instead of going directly to the station house, Derek continues walking down the platform alongside the train, if intending to reboard further down. And then it happens. With a quick motion Derek TOSSES SOMETHING through an ope door of another car, then heads quickly away towards the station house. With no time to think, Colter slips back on board just as doors slide shut.
61) 0) text: The doors stand open to the platform. Just then Derek's WALLET goes skidding back on board, disappearing under th wall panel. A second later, Colter reaches the exit area.
65) 0) text: Inside the quiet lobby, Derek is heading for the outer do to the parking lot, when:
65) 3) dialog: Gosh. Is that my wallet? As he goes to take it, Colter GRABS HIM.
66) 1) dialog: What the hell, man? What the hell???
66) 9) dialog: What is this? Get away from me! The BARREL of a 9 MM PISTOL. Aimed right at him.
66) 11) dialog: Jesus. Derek raises his hands. Sweating. All fright. Like a decent man, terrorized. It gives Colter pause. Does he have the right guy? A toilet FLUSHES. The last stall door opens and Guzman emerges. Stops cold as Colter swings the pistol at him.
66) 13) dialog: Don't hurt me.
66) 15) dialog: Keep my wallet. Take my watch. Take anything you want. Unprompted, Guzman takes out his own wallet and sets it o the counter. Calmer than Derek. Accustomed to trouble.
66) 18) dialog: Please. I have a family.
66) 27) dialog: 
66) 30) dialog: 
66) 34) dialog: Listen to him. For God's sake I'm not a terrorist...! A URINE STAIN spreads on Derek's pants. He looks down, ashamed. Colter keeps the gun on him.
66) 36) dialog: Eighty million dollars? I swear to you...
66) 43) dialog: 
66) 46) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about!
66) 48) dialog: I would never hurt anyone. I have a family. I guess you'll have to kill me. But Colter can't. He can't shoot him. He lowers the gun. Disgusted with himself. Why can't he do it?
66) 51) dialog: Anything you want... Please... The detonator CELL PHONE RINGS, startling all of them. Confused, he answers the phone.
66) 80) dialog: Trust me, by one o'clock, the bridge is going to be jammed...
66) 84) dialog: A slight flicker travels across Derek's face. Like a disturbance on a surface of deep water.
79) 8) dialog: Wow. Thanks. Keeping his composure, Derek accepts the wallet. Colter steps aside, allowing them to pass. Allowing it al to happen. The station slides into view. No one on the platform.
82) 0) text: The train comes to a halt. Unlike before, the doors stay shut for SEVERAL SECONDS LONGER than usual. Derek waits quietly at the doors. Finally they open. Derek steps out onto the platform, together with the Old Man, the College Kid and Guzman.
82) 11) dialog: Of course. What's this about? Unseen by the officers, Derek has taken out his CELL PHON and is DIALING IT as he turns around. The police approach, cautiously.
82) 13) dialog: My pleasure. Raising his hands, he pushes SEND on his phone. On board the train there's a RINGING.
83) 0) text: The DETONATOR PHONE has been removed from the bomb and no rings harmlessly in the hand of the train's SECURITY OFFI The restroom door is open and swarming with conductors examining the bomb. On the platform, the officers tackle Derek, subduing him. Passengers watch at the windows, mesmerized.