10) 0) text: George and Jack enter from the mud-room steps. A tall, young man, WOODY, who is maybe 29, stands behind the kitc table. He’s dressed nicely in beige, pleated pants and a floral shirt with the short sleeves neatly rolled, partly disclosing a tattoo. He has wavy blond hair combed back o the sides. Woody is a stranger and seems not intended to found. Woody keeps his eyes on Jack. A glass of whiskey sits on the table. Jack looks around the kitchen...
38) 0) text: The jail is a part of the county courthouse, which also contains the sheriff’s office, morgue, courtrooms and oth county offices. There’s much activity in the corridors. Lucy and George ask their way through to the visitor’s (CONTINUED)
48) 0) text: In the Cadillac and underway, Nina and Art are in the fro seat, George and Lucy in the back. In the big Cadillac se George and Lucy are small and seemingly helpless. Lucy, after an uneasy silence, says: (CONTINUED)
48) 4) dialog: (benignly) we're going to see him right now. - They drive through town out into the cold, rising desert, the red lights of pumping oil wells in the distance. Nina, becoming chatty as a chaperone, looks back at Lucy.
48) 16) dialog: Out here a ways. Where it’s safe. Lucy I see.
48) 18) dialog: ({nedding approval) I’d do it. Why not? Kids‘re great.
48) 20) dialog: (amused) Right. Silence intervenes as the rainy, windy night rushes by. Lucy (uncomfortably) What line of work are you in?
48) 24) text: ART (CONT’D) (smiles grimly) The oil business. Lucy (peering out) - What’s out here?
48) 25) dialog: Just a well site. Nothing important.
48) 27) dialog: Oh, right. Bob/’1l be out here when we get there. That’s where we’ll transact our little bit of business.
48) 29) dialog: What do you like to do, son?
48) 31) dialog: (amiably) You a boxer? Is that right? Who taught you how to do that?
48) 33) dialog: Is he a fighter?
48) 42) dialog: Two-fisted? You gotta be two- fisted.
48) 44) dialog: I bet you can.
49) 1) dialog: Can you take care of yourself against one of these? : He holds up a silver short-barrel shotgun with a pistol grip.
49) 2) dialog: This can clear the room of assholes. George is riveted, says nothing. Lucy I don’t see why we need guns. This is not a gun thing.
50) 0) text: Art stops George’s door and points the si seat. the Cadillac beside the rig, gets out, then opens liver shotgun into the back
50) 1) dialog: Now you and Miss Priss get out. Nina pops the trunk from the front seat. She leads Lucy, and Art leads George, around to the back where they peer inside the lighted trunk. bloodied green shag carpet.
50) 4) dialog: Bob had an accident. He wanted Nina and him to take your money and leave me in the house in some condition I wouldn’t be happy in. That was the accident part. Nina’s not that kind of person to do that. She loves me. So. Here he is. Here’s Bob now.
50) 6) dialog: Just reach in there and take Bob out. I want you to drag him over to the well cap, which isn’t on, and we'll cap the well with Bob. It/’1l be easy. (to Lucy) You can help here if you’d like to.
50) 14) dialog: (furious) Just what in the fuck is this! You think this is some fucking cowboy movie! You asshole! You can’t just get this gun away from me. I won’t let you. I/11 kill you with it, then I/11 kill your asshole girlfriend and forget about both of you. i George regards Lucy as though he would help her. Lucy is the ground, injured but not unconscious. ART (CONT’D) Don’t be a shithead. Just put Bob in the hole!
50) 16) dialog: (ludicrously) You fucking kids. People kill each other. It’s not just some board . game. I’m fifty-four years old. I/11 kill you dead as shit. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
50) 19) dialog: (noticing Lucy) How’s Miss Priss? George clumsily and with difficulty rolls Bob’s corpse ov across the oil rig landing, then upends it into the open well. Nina kneels to minister to Lucy, who’s bleeding fro her scalp. Nina has a Kleenex packet. Lucy takes one.
50) 21) dialog: Put him in there right, Jesus. ~~ When he is finished, George stands under the derrick w to be told what to do next. Lucy gets to her feet and stands close to George. They are both stricken. She is shivering in the wind and rain.
50) 22) dialog: {to Lucy) All right, where’s the goddamn money? I want it right now.
50) 25) dialog: Where‘s the rest of it? There’s more of it. I want all of it.
50) 29) dialog: There isn’t any deal! The deal‘’s in that hole over there.
50) 31) dialog: He’s not getting out. He killed a pipefitter out in Natrona--he hates goddamn pipefitters. He’s not getting out. He probably forgot to tell you. Lucy He did.
50) 32) dialog: He stabbed this guy with a screwdriver. I saw him do it! Just where’s the money, sweetheart? Lots of dead people are out here. Nobody’s going to notice you two.
50) 34) dialog: (to Luey) What’s this, some school locker key? You leave it in your locker?
50) 38) dialog: You want this money? (CONTINUED)
50) 43) dialog: Just get the cuffs out of the glove box. - Nina retrieves the handcuffs from the car and Art takes t then marches Lucy and George over to the rig where Bob’s body is stashed. An edge of the carpet is visible through the planks. ART (CONT‘D) (to George and Lucy) You sit down here. And you sit on the other side of this pipe. It/11l ao you good. It is a pipe attached to a piece of rigging and when Geor and Lucy are seated close together but on opposite sides the pipe, Nina closes the handcuffs on each one of their wrists so that they can’t escape. She then moves the cuff around on Lucy’s wrist, who's shuddering now from the ons of shock.
50) 45) dialog: (to George, ignoring Nina) I can’t believe you tried to hit me with that plank. If the money isn’t in the box, I’m coming back out here by myself. If it’s there, then . maybe something nice’ll happen to you.
50) 49) dialog: {archly) Don’ tcha?
50) 51) dialog: (calmly) Do you want me to leave you out here with them?
50) 53) dialog: Well, then, catch a ride with me. Art gets in the car. Nina looks at Lucy and George then climbs in the Cadillac. They @rive away.
51) 0) text: When Art and Nina have disappeared, George thinks he sees “way of getting loose by raising their two joined hands t loosely threaded bolt in the pipe, loosening it and setti them free. Wind is whipping the rain and debris around then.
58) 0) text: George goes to the ticket desk, looks beyond the ticket AGENT, reads the departures and arrivals. He looks at the clock, sees it is 2:00 p.m.