28) 0) text: George uses the telephone-book map and drives into his aunt’s neighborhood, which is in town, to a middie-class house with a fenced-in half-acre lot. Sudy’s house has a wheelchair ramp up to the front porch. George parks and goes to the door. 40 EXT. JUDY AND HARLEY’S HOUSE - DAY ~ 40 JUDY opens the front door smiling, not recognizing George She is near Aileen’s age but pretty and appealing in a somewhat more wholesome way-
29) 0) text: Here is a sunny, remodeled kitchen and an opened-up, adde on den with a wheelchair ramp for HARLEY, SJudy’s husband who’s black, handsome and trapped in a wheelchair, which pushed up to a kitchen table set for lunch. Judy and Harl seem a more dependable, more affectionate couple than George’s parents.
29) 2) dialog: All riiight! How you doin’? You’re up there, aren’t you? You’re way up there. Up in the clouds. Harley fidgets his fingers on the padded arms of ‘his wheelchair.
29) 4) dialog: C’mere, let me show you something, George. Harley suddenly pushes his chair backward away from the table.
29) 8) dialog: (ignoring her) Right. Harley lurches off toward a smal] hideaway room off the kitchen. He opens the door and pushes in, George behind him.
30) 1) dialog: (chuckling, entering) All right. Come in here. Harley switches on the fluorescent lights in the ceiling. The room contains a huge TV, cheap wood-panelled walls an two walls full ef guns in racks. Harley is a gun nut. Military rifles, hunting rifles with scopes, a machine gu sawed-offs with pistol grips,“ pistols of all kinds displayed. Harley wheels straight over to the wall and takes down the one particularly malevolent-looking scoped rifle he can reach unaided. He mounts it--still seated--a makes several severe popping noises. HARLEY (CONT’D) i (boasting) Starlight. Light you up after dark. George looks at Harley, then at the gun. Harley cuts his eyes at George, smiling. HARLEY (CONT‘D) I’m a civil engineer. Did you know that? .
30) 3) dialog: Did we? I don’t remember.. I met suay right down on Wyoming Street in town. Two days after I got out of the U.S. Army. I came out here to get rich...You know what you can do with this instrument?
30) 9) dialog: I can part some cowboy’s hair ina different spot for him, long distance.
30) 11) dialog: Why not! They put me in this chair. How do you think I got in this chair? I’m standing down underneath the rig and somebody opened up his Junch bucket and dropped an orange straight down on my head. Broke me all up to pieces. And one of these days they’re going to come up here to finish the job and that’s when I’ll be sitting here waiting with my answer.
30) 13) dialog: Sure they’11 come up here. They/11 have on white sheets and come right in the front door. "Boom," is what Ill have to say to those motherfuckers, "Boom, boom, boom!" i
30) 15) dialog: It will be great. Won’t it be 7 great? I have a sense of personal mission in this, son. I’ve suffered a loss. Somebody has to pay for that.
30) 17) dialog: Oh, yes, it’s true. It’s true as that I‘m sittin’ here. And I’m sure sittin’ here. 44
31) 0) text: At the lunch table, table full of good food. eats mechanically in his chair. guest. in the neatened-up kitchen, Judy is there’s a perky as they eat. Harley George is uncomfortably a You’re not through with school, are
31) 11) dialog: Who was it with?
31) 16) dialog: Nobody just leaves. Not in ny experience. If you leave by yourself, that’s where you’re going to be. And nobody wants to be that place. I/l1 tell you that right - now.
31) 18) dialog: (smiles) I know enough. That’s for goddamned sure. She wouldn’t come here, anyway.
31) 20) dialog: She likes me too much, that’s why. Even in this cripple’s chair she couldn’t resist me. There’s ways around everything. ogUDY Harl, now, that’s not true. Don’t say that. It’s not true, George. Aileen never did anything like that. It’s his mother, Harl, for God’s sake. Don’t lie about her.
31) 21) dialog: I’m not lying about her.
31) 23) dialog: Why not? Why don’t you think she would? Is something wrong with me?
31) 27) dialog: Right! Harley roars with agonized laughter, then abruptly rolls chair back from the table and spins it toward his gun roo though it’s just a meaningless half-threat. - HARLEY (CONT’D) They never do that, do they? That‘s what they never ever do? They never like the wrong guy. Harley disappears into the room and slams the door behind him. The TV comes on then, LOUD through the walls.” "Whee of Fortune" is- audible, then a cheer. EXT. JUDY AND HARLEY’S HOUSE ~ DAY 45 Judy and George walk out to the car. Judy is sympathetic and affectionate.