0) 0) text: JACK RUSSELL and his 18-year-old son, GEORGE, crouch in a makeshift cattail blind. Roosting ducks are dropping into the marsh. on the water floats an arrangement of duck decoys which have lured the ducks to the pond. In the blind, Jack holds a long-barrel, semi-automatic shotgun. George mans a sealed-beam car-light hooked to a portable car battery. The light is not yet shining. Jack peeks through at the ducks while George keeps his head do checking and retwisting the connections to the battery. It’s mid-June on the northern Montana Hi-line, and it’s chilly as the sky barely lightens eastward. The ducks : settle and the marsh goes quiet. Jack, in the blind, take _a long, deep breath, squeezes off the safety of his shot regards his son beside hin.
0) 1) dialog: Shine, George. Shine now. George clicks the crude switch on the car-light and the yellow beam streams out onto the marsh surface through th cattails. The ducks are there, all of them on the water, completely exposed and not yet alarmed by the light. Jack stands and begins shooting down on the water with the shotgun, methodical shooting, not fast, but gauged to cov as much of the water as he can. Most of the ducks are hit sitting in the water, but some fall just as they begin to lift off. Jack shoots, in all, eleven times. On the water after the last gun blast, there are 54 ducks dead or dyin
0) 2) dialog: (quietly) Well. There’s that.
0) 4) dialog: A lot of ‘em. A lot of ‘em that time. Good work on the light, George. You were steady as a rock. Jack and George begin to wade into the marsh to collect t ' @ucks floating there.
1) 0) text: Jack drives his truck up to a local meat locker/slaughter house, HONKS his horn. The LOCKER OWNER walks out while George grabs sacks of ducks from under a tarp in the truc cab. Jack stays behind the wheel. (CONTINUED)
1) 4) dialog: Forty-three Mallards. . Mostly green~heads.
1) 6) dialog: (sarcastic, smiling) Saw a hundred of ‘em. They just didn’t see me. The Locker Owner begins to count out cash from his pocket into Jack’s hand. George sees the transaction as he walks with the sacks toward the slaughterhouse.
1) 8) dialog: Mean and lean. Pay’s regular.
2) 6) dialog: (ignoring him, to George) Let’s get out of the bar. Okay? I saved back three quackers. [711 grill ‘em. Do something different. Surprise your mother.
2) 9) dialog: you can’t box on dead legs. You gonna make your weight? -
2) 11) dialog: It'd actually be nice to come ina little over. That’s the way you win.
2) 15) dialog: Don’t fuck around. Okay. I’m not stayin’ long.
7) 0) text: As Claude’s car makes a run through Sunburst and past the Polar Bar, Jack is walking across Main Street, weaving ve slightly, heading toward his truck. He recognizes Claude’ car and waves them down and comes to the window.
7) 1) dialog: What’d you rob?
7) 3) dialog: You robbed something. You've taken on.a new accomplice. GEORGE . We're going to ride down to Great Falls.
7) 4) dialog: You're not. You’re coming home with me. We've got some ducks to clean. George looks at Lucy and at Claude. He wants to stay, but lacks the choice. He pops the door open, climbs out.
7) 9) dialog: Come on, son. You don’t know what I’m saving you from. Locy Yes he does. She pulls the door closed. Claude revs the Chevy again an heads off out of town, into the night.
8) 0) text: on the drive home, George drives and Jack drinks out of h own pint bottle from under the seat. He and George both take a drink. Jack is somber, unsettled.
8) 1) dialog: Who’s that with Claude? You two into some trouble?
8) 3) dialog: (wearily) Boy-oh-boy. You know, Georgie, your George takes a drink, then holds the whiske! letting it trickle hotly down his throat. mother said something to me once I’ve never forgotten. She said, "Nobody dies of a broken heart." This was somewhat before you were born. We were living down in Casper still then. We’d had some big blow- up, and that was the idea she had. I don’t know why. I don’t know why I thought of it. (shakes his head, drinks) Have a drink, son. Something oughta be good in life. bottle back. JACK (CONT’D) What do you worry about, George? Do you worry about giris? Do you worry about your future sex life? Is that some of it?
8) 7) dialog: Well, what then? What else is there? George sits up straight and enfolds the steering wheel in his arms. -
8) 9) dialog: If I were you I’d@ worry we might not. Things pass too fast in your life, George. Don’t worry about that. (a beat) Just stop here. Just a second. Just stop. George slows the truck, then stops in the road between wh fields. He cuts the lights and the engine. Jack rolls dow his window and puts his face out, listening. - JACK (CONT’D) I just want to listen now, George. Just listen. I don’t know. You have to do that. I like that. Jack listens. George tries to listen without knowing what he’s listening to. Jack is just gathering himself for whatever’s next. TACK (CONT’D) . (suddenly satisfied) Let's go. Let’s go home the back way.
9) 1) dialog: Well. There’s a car. Isn’t it? They drive into the house yard. The house is a prairie farmhouse, white-frame and dormered, with a front porch. MAJOR, a black Labrador retriever, walks out of the Quons barn and stands in the headlights. (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: George and Jack enter from the mud-room steps. A tall, young man, WOODY, who is maybe 29, stands behind the kitc table. He’s dressed nicely in beige, pleated pants and a floral shirt with the short sleeves neatly rolled, partly disclosing a tattoo. He has wavy blond hair combed back o the sides. Woody is a stranger and seems not intended to found. Woody keeps his eyes on Jack. A glass of whiskey sits on the table. Jack looks around the kitchen...
10) 1) dialog: (flatly, but charged) Hello.
10) 3) dialog: What‘s your name? WwooDY Woody.
10) 6) dialog: (smiles) : Good. That’s a good place. Jack walks toward the stairs, which are in the hali, then turns to George. (CONTINUED)
10) 9) dialog: Georgie, you and Woody step outside and wait on me. Just stay there and I’1l come out. A phone begins to RING. - AILEEN (0.8. Who's that? ( ?
10) 10) dialog: It’s me. It’s Jack. He disappears up the stairs to confront his wife as the phone.continues to ring. George stares at the phone, whic is on a table beside the stairs. He seems to want to answ it, but does not.
11) 7) dialog: That’s a real joke! Find your : goddamned suitcase. Just find it! Inside, a drawer opens and slams shut. George looks anxiously at the house. He sees Aileen then Jack pass by the upstairs window, arguing. Woody seems not to notice. They hear a plane flying overhead.
11) 11) dialog: (softly) What do -you do for a living?
11) 14) dialog: Is this your day off, then?
11) 16) dialog: What’s the matter with you? Don’t you understand something? Jack takes a big revolver out of his coat pocket and puts under Woody’s chin. Woody‘s face rises, but his arms stay at his sides.
11) 17) text: I don’t know what to do with you. I don’t have any idea. I just don’t. Jack pulls the hammer back and raises the gun higher unde Woody’s chin. For a long moment no one says a word.
11) 19) dialog: You're crazy, aren’t you? You’re a goddamned crazy man. Are you in iove with her, too? Are you? Say you love her so I can blow your fucking brains in the sky.
11) 22) dialog: (shouts) You’re leaving! That’s why you’re packed. Get out. Go on.
11) 26) dialog: I’d like to think of some way to hurt you. I feel helpless about it. (pause) You think I’m a fool?
11) 28) dialog: Where are you from? wooDy Chicago. A suburb of there.
11) 29) dialog: (intensely) Are your parents alive? Jack pushes the gun harder under Woody’s chin.
11) 31) dialog: Toe bad they have to know what you are. I bet they both wish you were dead, though...Somebody else’1l have to kill you. I don’t want to have to think about you. (lowers the gun) I guess that’s it. Jack just stands perfectly still in front of Woody, the g at his side. Woody says nothing. He waits an awful moment then steps back, looks at George, then quickly follows wh Aileen has gone. Jack looks at George helplessly. JACK (CONT’D) Does this seem stupid to you? All this yelling and going nuts? I wouldn’t blame you. You shouldn’t even see this. I don’t know what to do now. (CONTINUED)
12) 0) text: Jack has mixed himself a drink and now furiously puts together sandwiches for the both of them. He’s on the edg and trying to stay sane. The pistol is lying on the table George puts it into a kitchen drawer.
12) 1) dialog: So. What do you think?
12) 3) dialog: That’s one version. Okay. That was a mistake. She should still be here, I guess. This is not her usual,
12) 5) dialog: (sarcastic) Where would you lock?
12) 7) dialog: That’s probably exactly where she is or will be soon. I think I/11 eat first, though, if that’s okay? I made your dinner here. Do you want to eat?
12) 12) dialog: (unexpectedly) Wait a minute. Wash your hands first. You’ve got dirt on your hands. I’m your father, I oughta be able to do something for you. - Shouldn’t I?
12) 14) dialog: Harsh words are all alike, George. You can make ‘em up. They all mean the same thing.
12) 16) dialog: They mean... Jack quits washing George’s hands, wipes his own on his pants. ¢ JACK (CONT’D) They mean, "What about me?" That’s all. You understand? That’s all it is. Just me.
13) 0) text: At 10:00 p.m., Jack sleeps--passed out on the couch with television playing. George enters, turns off the TV, then leaves the house through the kitchen.
59) 2) dialog: (sternly, but relieved) Where the hell are you?
59) 4) dialog: What the heli for? What the hell are you doing?
59) 7) dialog: (sullenly) She’ll need it. Does she think she’s coming back?
59) 9) dialog: XI don’t get any of this. I don’t get any-of it. You know what I mean? I don’t. (CONTINUED)
59) 13) text: (softly) I know. Ill be home tomorrow afternoon. Okay? JACK (V.0.) . Sure. Why not? Come home. That’s great.