28) 0) text: George uses the telephone-book map and drives into his aunt’s neighborhood, which is in town, to a middie-class house with a fenced-in half-acre lot. Sudy’s house has a wheelchair ramp up to the front porch. George parks and goes to the door. 40 EXT. JUDY AND HARLEY’S HOUSE - DAY ~ 40 JUDY opens the front door smiling, not recognizing George She is near Aileen’s age but pretty and appealing in a somewhat more wholesome way-
28) 1) dialog: Hi, there.
28) 3) dialog: (loudly, affectionately) Oh-Jesus-Christ~it-is-not! You’re a little bitty boy. You can’t be this...immense. And handsome. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Here is a sunny, remodeled kitchen and an opened-up, adde on den with a wheelchair ramp for HARLEY, SJudy’s husband who’s black, handsome and trapped in a wheelchair, which pushed up to a kitchen table set for lunch. Judy and Harl seem a more dependable, more affectionate couple than George’s parents.
29) 1) dialog: (entering) Now, Harley, I don’t want you to get up out of your wheelchair or anything but who do you think this is? It’s George. Remember George? My sister's only baby? Well, this is what he’s turned out to be, right here! Judy pushes George toward Harley, who smiles crazily and gives him a fierce black-power handshake up from his chai
29) 3) dialog: (busily setting a place) We're just about to have lunch. T want you to sit down and eat with us.
29) 7) dialog: (noticeably patient) Oh, Harley, for goodness sake, let him sit down.
31) 0) text: At the lunch table, table full of good food. eats mechanically in his chair. guest. in the neatened-up kitchen, Judy is there’s a perky as they eat. Harley George is uncomfortably a You’re not through with school, are
31) 1) dialog: you?
31) 3) dialog: I finished in summer (smiling, fork poised) And how old are you?
31) 5) dialog: Gee whiz. Are you? you're that old. I don’t think I must’ve blinked. Harley frowns and snaps back in his chair as if he’s been shot at long range.
31) 7) dialog: Where was she going?
31) 9) dialog: (disturbed) What kind of a blow-up?
31) 28) dialog: Was she by herself? She’s my sister. I forgive her if she wasn’t.
31) 30) dialog: And are you calling yourself looking for her? Is that what you’re doing here, hon?
31) 32) dialog: Not always, hon. That’s right. Inside the house, George can see Harley through the littl picture window, watching then.
31) 33) dialog: We're not real close anymore. But. She might cail here. You do strange things. Everybody does. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
31) 37) dialog: He couldn’t very well. He can’t do much in his chair. He just had to wait till I showed up. Judy reaches forward and kisses George on the cheek and h him lightly. JUDY (CONT‘D) It'll be all right or it won’t. You'll survive. Are you staying in town?
31) 39) dialog: I guess you’re a man now, Georgie. It’s sad, isn’t it? You have so many new things to think about. I ‘remember when I figured out I wasn’t a girl anymore. It just hit me one day. I laid down on the bed and cried. .
31) 41) dialog: Oh. ‘hirty-something. I don’t know. (laughs) , Too old, or not old enough, right? Call up here, though, sweetheart, if you want to. If I know anything I‘1l1 tell you. As George gets in his mother's car, he notices Harley sta
53) 0) text: George eats a burger and drinks a milkshake. Judy eats nothing.
53) 1) dialog: I never reached your dad.
53) 3) dialog: He probably is. But you oughta go home. You could go in the wrong direction pretty easily now. (a beat) It may not seem like it.
53) 5) dialog: (smiley) Well. Whatever's right. {a beat) I haven’t wanted to ask you a whole lot of questions. You could‘ve called me quicker. I could have got you out of juvenile home. I’m your next of kin.
53) 7) dialog: That poor girl, though. I'd like to ask you how you got with her. And that other man, that man in the hole. And those other two people? How’d you get in with them? You could’ve gotten killed out there. You know that? You wouldn’t have been the first. (CONTINUED)
53) 11) dialog: Not luck I’d want.
53) 13) dialog: (with distaste) Aileen wants her car back, George. George looks at her, emerging out of his preoccupation at the sound of his mother’s name.
53) 15) dialog: (reluctantly) She called from down in Rock Springs. I don’t really know the particulars. She wanted me to wire her some money. Which I did. But of course I told her about you. And she said she wanted to see you, said she’d take the bus up here. She’s afraid you’/re mad at her. I told her you’d been through a patch down here. It wasn’t a real nice chat.
53) 17) dialog: She was real interested about her car, too.
53) 23) dialog: out at the Tropicana Motel, like a you’re coming in from Natrona, room 242. She called last night from there. She sounded all right. I don’t know _ what to tell you, George. She’s your mother.
53) 25) dialog: I don’t want you to take me home now. Just leave me sittin’ here and goon. I‘1l call somebody. Harl’s nuts today. I may have to leave myself pretty soon. I can’t always take it even though I love hin. (laughs humorlessly) That’s catchin’, isn’t it?