6) 0) text: Lucy removes her sunglasses for the first time. She reach and turns on the radio, stares imperturbably at Claude an George. MUSAK commences in the form of The Ray Coniff Cho singing "April in Paris". Claude turns the radio up full blast and drives.
15) 26) dialog: Casper, Wyoming, where I already should’ve been two days ago if I was worth anything, which apparently I’m not.
15) 28) dialog: My brother’s in jail down there.
16) 2) dialog: Who is it, your wife? George runs across the street to the switch yard show-up shack.
17) 0) text: A single bulb lights this tiny, dark room. George is — laboriously writing a note in pencil. Just as he finishes lucy enters and meanly snatches the note. Lucy You writing your memoirs in here? veads aloud) "Dear Dad," that’s nice. "I’m fine, but I’m just going to take a drive." fo Wyoming. "Don't worry about me. I’m fine" You said that once. "and will be home pretty soon. I will not drop any weight." You worried about losing weight? (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: Lucy waits in the front seat, Claude looks in the back of
19) 5) dialog: (hardening) . He’s an American. the
20) 0) text: At an all-night truck stop on Interstat: Across a gravel lot is a j and an occasional customer summery dark. lucy emerges from the ladies suitcase, running her £1: pumps gas. raises himself once, looks around. t
20) 9) dialog: He’s nicer than you are, at this stage. He’s not an asshole.
20) 10) text: He‘ll say anything to get on your pretty side, though. Won’t you, George? Don’t get him pissed off, though. Uh-oh. Lucy You're the odd couple, aren’t you? (stares out) What’s the fun out here? That must be a well-kept secret.
21) 0) text: George lies back on the seat. George eyes Claude in the rearview. Lucy rests her head against the cool window. Claude drives, watches George in the mirror. Lucy sleeps. EXT. RIVER SIDE - MORNING 27 |. George sits in the warm sunlight on the grass below Ailee (CONTINUED)
21) 6) text: Lucy 27 - Are you a man now? Am T supposed to think that now that we're out here?
21) 26) dialog: Just do that. Kiss me back. I like that. : George puts both arms around Lucy and kisses her awkwardl
22) 0) text: George, Claude and Lucy pull up in Aileen’s car. Claude gets out, holding the remains of a six-pack of beer and stands alone in the street where the wind has risen and t clouds from the mountains are roiling for the rain. CLAUDE ‘ (angrily) I’m all right. Fuck it. He turns around to address the remark to Lucy and George they are already driving away. CLAUDE (CONT’D) (to himself) That’s great. All right. That‘’s great. Back in the car, driving. Locy The great fisherman. I wonder what he’s thinking about. (CONTINUED)
22) 4) dialog: (derisively) He thought he was in love with me. : That’s what he told me. Isn’t that strange? She looks out at the passing scenery. George declines to answer.
23) 0) text: Lucy and George sit parked in a terrific downpour ina roadside turn-out. In the car they have sandwiches and beer. The windows are open, letting in the cool, rainy ai The RADIO is playing. Lucy sits in the driver’s seat, smoking a cigarette. She idly pulls down the sun visor, looks at the photograph.
23) 1) dialog: Who’s this? Your whole family, featuring you as a kid? George looks over at the photograph without visible response, but he is moved.
24) 0) text: They pull into a turn-out looking out over the city of Casper. The wind is blowing and the skies are full as the get out to look at the expanse of the town and the groupi of oil rigs below. George kicks rocks over the ledge to o side, then gazes over to Lucy, who is stretching, staring off in the other direction. 32 33 34
25) 0) text: Lucy returns from using the pay phone on the outside wall a motel, gets back in the car where George waits.
25) 1) dialog: It’s not an easy matter to have your brother in jail. You can’t talk to hin.
26) 0) text: They enter the motel room and Lucy sets down her bag. George walks around the room, peeking out the window, leoking in the closets, the drawers, turning on the TV. Lucy, who’s exhausted, sits on one of the two beds in the half-light. Lucy How many times have you been ina motel room with a girl? GEORGE ‘ (prowling around) Not many times...Not any times. Lucy This is a big deal for you, then, isn’t it? Too bad it can’t be with somebody you’re in love with, not that that makes a lot of difference to men, or boys, whichever you are.
33) 0) text: Lucy sits on the bed, talking to Johnny on the phone. She looks toward George, disguising her surprise and relief. Lucy (to Johnny) I know it, hon. It’s awful in - there...It was a long way...It sure is...No...What news can you make from a jail cell?...Whatever it is, Ifll do it...You just stay put... 'bye-‘bye,...’bye-‘bye.
33) 1) text: She puts the receiver down, dismayed by having to do what she’s come to do. Lucy (CONT’D) (sarcastically) Great. Great-great. (to George) What'd you go do? I thought you were a history lesson.
33) 5) dialog: She’s probably in Las Vegas’ farting through silk this very minute, or in Hawaii. Some people are actually innocent, you know.
35) 0) text: Lucy and George sit at a table drinking beer. The Trails End is a cowboy-and-roughneck bar with poker and keno tab popping, people dancing and in the large back room a pitiful, small-time "Tough-Guy Contest," using a crude fi ring, shallow makeshift ceiling lights and a sparse, drun crowd in attendance--vaguely interested COWBOYS, INDIANS their GIRLFRIENDS. Two INDIAN BOYS spar but no one in the audience pays much attention; some are booing and tauntin the boxers. The Indians are bloodying each other almost without effort. George is remotely cocky. Lucy is half-drunk and ill- tempered from the strain of the previous days and from he responsibilities. i
35) 6) dialog: What’s true about women in the words of the great expert?
37) 0) text: Lucy lies languorously on the bed, indifferent to George, who's standing in the bathroom after his shower, pouring from an ice bucket onto a wash rag then putting the rag o his swollen cheeks. Lucy offers no sympathy. George notices Lucy watching.
37) 9) dialog: You going to bring them back together again. Be little cupid?
37) 12) dialog: You're out is where you are. Simplified. You'11-£ind your mom when the lady catches ‘ the fish with her gold watch in it. Later. Very much later. GEORGE . Okay. I left town with you. Have you got a better idea? I'11 get the hell out of here if you do. (does not get up) I can leave you to your brother. I don't mind.
37) 13) dialog: (liking him better) No. Don't do that. You don't have (MORE) (CONTINUED )
38) 0) text: The jail is a part of the county courthouse, which also contains the sheriff’s office, morgue, courtrooms and oth county offices. There’s much activity in the corridors. Lucy and George ask their way through to the visitor’s (CONTINUED)
39) 0) text: George and Lucy sit and wait along with two lowlifes.
40) 0) text: George and Lucy drive through Casper. Lucy studies a map the motel phone book, giving George uncertain directions. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: George drives Lucy, low in the seat, who puts her feet up the dash, biting her fingernails nervously. Lucy (half to herself) 1790 Madera. Sounds just like a place regular people would live, doesn’t it? . George drives on as they assimilate what’s just transpire
42) 0) text: The Chuck Wagon is a franchise joint full of late luncher George and Lucy sit-in a booth. Lucy studies
42) 2) dialog: (occupied by reading) I love breakfasts. I/d eat breakfast for every meal if they’d serve it to me.
42) 7) dialog: What do you hope? I already know what you’re ashamed of. Let’s hear the flip side. You probably hope something about me, don‘t you?
43) 0) text: It's blustery, greenish, almost cold despite summer. Geor and Lucy walk inside.
44) 0) text: Lucy and George walk to a bank of lockers, open one. Lucy produces an envelope full of bills. She and George huddle against the locker in a pitiful attempt at secrecy. She counts half the bills into George’s hands, then pauses. Lucy Maybe I just oughta give it all to ‘em right away. He might have a hard time getting into it and get pissed off.
46) 0) text: Lucy and George await Bob. Only a table lamp
47) 0) text: The room is dark but for the TV burning silently. Lucy an George lie in bed as they were, clothes on. A car’s light swing across the room through the curtains from outside. big car engine is audible. There’s a KNOCK on the door. Lucy sits up. George answers the door. (CONTINUED)
47) 5) dialog: I‘m ready. Where’s Bob?
47) 7) dialog: (firmly) George is coming with us.
47) 9) dialog: (abruptly) Then no deal, then. I need him. Nina again looks worriedly at Art inside the car, as if asking advice. But Art vigorously motions her to” come on Nina turns back, smiling.
48) 0) text: In the Cadillac and underway, Nina and Art are in the fro seat, George and Lucy in the back. In the big Cadillac se George and Lucy are small and seemingly helpless. Lucy, after an uneasy silence, says: (CONTINUED)
48) 3) dialog: Where’s Bob?
48) 15) dialog: Where‘’re we going? -
48) 24) text: ART (CONT’D) (smiles grimly) The oil business. Lucy (peering out) - What’s out here?
50) 2) dialog: Oh, my, no.
50) 23) dialog: (dazed) Here it is. She extends the purse with the money inside. Bob takes it then hands it to Nina, who goes through the money.
50) 35) dialog: We didn’t.
54) 0) text: George goes directly to the locker. He opens it and there is the envelope with the $3,000, just as he and Lucy had left it. He pockets the money and walks out. EXT./INT. DRIVING THROUGH CASPER “80. George drives toward the western outskirts of Casper, ‘He drives until he sees a yellow fotel, turning in and d to the parking lot.