5) 5) dialog: You two’re drunk as monkeys.
5) 7) dialog: I’ve got to get home right now. Hazel thinks I’m still in Havre. ;
5) 10) dialog: I’m going to bring her out here.
5) 12) text: Sherman suddenly reaches through the window, catches . Claude's hair in the back and twists it. Sherman is weari a big silver and turquoise ring that digs at Claude’s sca
5) 13) dialog: you’re not funny. You're a couple - of clucks. Sherman drags Claude out of the car. SHERMAN (CONT’D) Okay. 1/11 just break your goddamned arm. : Sherman speaks intently to Claude out of George’s earshot George looks at the motel Manager who goes back inside. Finally, Sherman turns Claude loose and walks back to the cabin. Claude comes and flounces into the open doorway of the car.
5) 17) dialog: This is shut-up money. So shut up. (looks in at George) You can shut up, too, George. Go the hell home, in fact. Sherman motions toward the cabin door. The screen opens a a young woman. steps out. This is Lucy. She’s wearing sunglasses, a sundress and carrying a small suitcase. She thin and of an age that could be 15 or 25, but obviously nobody’s pushover. She comes to the car looking sullen.
5) 18) dialog: (to Lucy) So, all right now. This is Claude. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
5) 21) dialog: (gruffly) Let her get in, Claude.
5) 23) dialog: Yes, she does. Sherman takes Claude’s arm and urges him out. and iooks in the back seat. LUcY (arrogantly) I’m not getting in that back seat. There isn’t any seat back there.
5) 25) dialog: Get in the front. Watch out. Lucy leans Claude reluctantly gets all the way out and Lucy crawls i the middle of the seat, putting her suitcase Lucy (smiles at George) Hello.
5) 27) dialog: Don’t cause me any fucking trouble, or 1/11 break you up. in the back. He turns immediately and starts back toward the cabin. Claude gets in the car and the three of them sit in the front seat without speaking. Lucy I’m hungry. Spend some of that money on me. Be a big shot. (CONTINUED)
19) 13) text: The Chief, you know. Sherman. He’s not so bad. You certainly wouldn’ think he’d sit in the dark in the middle of the night and pray in a motel. Would you? But he does. laid there and listened to hin. They drive on.
22) 0) text: George, Claude and Lucy pull up in Aileen’s car. Claude gets out, holding the remains of a six-pack of beer and stands alone in the street where the wind has risen and t clouds from the mountains are roiling for the rain. CLAUDE ‘ (angrily) I’m all right. Fuck it. He turns around to address the remark to Lucy and George they are already driving away. CLAUDE (CONT’D) (to himself) That’s great. All right. That‘’s great. Back in the car, driving. Locy The great fisherman. I wonder what he’s thinking about. (CONTINUED)