10) 0) text: George and Jack enter from the mud-room steps. A tall, young man, WOODY, who is maybe 29, stands behind the kitc table. He’s dressed nicely in beige, pleated pants and a floral shirt with the short sleeves neatly rolled, partly disclosing a tattoo. He has wavy blond hair combed back o the sides. Woody is a stranger and seems not intended to found. Woody keeps his eyes on Jack. A glass of whiskey sits on the table. Jack looks around the kitchen...
10) 2) dialog: (edgy, but unafraid) Hello.
10) 5) dialog: No. (a beat) Upstairs. I think she went upstairs.
11) 0) text: George and Woody step outside into the car yard and stand waiting beside the house. Woody shuffles foot-to-foot. It isn’t at all clear why he doesn’t leave while he has the chance. Though he’s a nullity--his effect on the world is only chaotic and his behavior random. Woody smokes a cigarette as they stand, and it’s not possible to see tha he’s wearing cheap black and white shoes.
11) 1) dialog: I like it out here. Nothing to bother you. I bet you could see Chicago if the world was flat. The Great Plains commence here.
11) 3) dialog: Do you play football?
11) 8) dialog: I once passed my brother in the Los Angeles airport, you know, and didn’t even recognize him. He recognized me, though. Of course he said, “Hey, bro, are you mad at me, or what?" I wasn’t mad at him. We both had to laugh. George eyes Woody with both suspicion and interest. A pau opens. WOODY (CONT’D) Did you know your mother was married before?
11) 10) dialog: (smiling, knowingly) It happens to all of them, now. They can’t wait to get divorced. GEORGE . . I guess so. Jack suddenly comes out of the house with AILEEN behind h Aileen is carrying a suitcase. She is a handsome, young- looking woman, 42 years old. She stops at the top of the back steps, looking grave. Jack is coldly furious and loo shaken. He walks straight up to Woody, comes close enough for their clothing to touch. Aileen gives George a guarde half-smile.
11) 12) dialog: I’m in the Air Force. (CONTINUED)
11) 15) dialog: No.
11) 17) text: I don’t know what to do with you. I don’t have any idea. I just don’t. Jack pulls the hammer back and raises the gun higher unde Woody’s chin. For a long moment no one says a word.
11) 20) dialog: All right. No. It’s all right.
11) 30) dialog: Yes. Yes, sir.
55) 15) text: I know. (a beat) Where’s Woody?