1) 0) text: Romantic night - and now moving into camera the couple to prove it. LISA, a really pretty 27 year old woman who has made every sacrifice of mind, body and spirit in order no feel the way she does at this moment: self-conscious and threatened by a vague set of ordinary emotions which, wor of all to her, serve no constructive purpose whatsoever. Still, here she is, after a lifetime unafraid of anything with fear poking secretly away at her while her date, Mat (a “hunk” who is frequently mistaken for a “catch”) is in background causing a small flurry of excitement signing a autograph. .He looks and sees her failing to make the tur his building. .
2) 0) text: He walks toward the front door - the doorman greets him b name..Lisa hesitates, ambivalent..not her usual decisive self.
5) 18) text: LISA (cont 'd) I'm nervous over something and a little worried so I ended up with , an attractive guy who you'd have to be an idiot to mistake for serious material..for anything but a fun friendship -- and rather than accept the evening as a chance to hide out from myself with some really amazing sex, I start to give him a hard time for just being who he is. I really apologize. Please, forgive me.
6) 0) text: Lisa -- wrinkled dress -- stops —~ takes running shoes fr her purse and puts them on. .She then moves purposefully. walk arresting in its precision and power. ..passing people. ..she ig in a hurry..
9) 0) text: As she stops at the foot of the stairs to open a compartm and withdraw a weighted vest which she puts on..and then begins to hop up the stairs two at a time..It's a hell of stunt..as hard as it looks and this image, of athlete straining, while wearing a hopelessly wrinkled party dres strangely a very appropriate image for what awaits her. INT. LISA’S APT. - DAY. 11 Easily as many trophies as Matty (including two Olympic g medals)..inevitable rows of team pictures, she cares abou team. (Note: how they are displayed is a project for us.) Furniture is very basic..one of those L shaped rooms with bend of the “L” considered the bedroom -- pullout sofa. . walks directly to a desk on which sits her computer.
14) 0) text: Liga working out with several girls from the national team. .She is fielding hot fungoes in a circle with teammates..little grunts..small off-camera utterances, as they encourage each other..Lisa’s phone starts to ring -- hears the distinctive music, turns, and, not seeing the b coming at her, takes one hard on the face. She has a bloo lip..The injury is close to an absolute non-event for her She spits some blood with enviable expertise as she walks her bag on the sidelines.
15) 0) text: GEORGE MADISON, in his mid 30’s. If anyone faults him as colorless it is because they have never paused on a foggy morning to consider the vibrancy of grey.. He is solid: solidly educated, solid in thought and deed and carry through. And, of course, so many mentions of the word “so portends that he will soon break apart from the intensity some serial migfortunes which will make it forever imposs (as a character will soon remark) to ever again be the pe he is at this moment.
17) 0) text: As they enter --- her work is all laid out for her.. A waiting work cocoon of perfect reading light. .books..two computers and many, many stacks of research..She must mov sideways to get into the cramped work area where she puts HER DATA PLUG into its computer port and the screen comes alive with physics. .words and computations.
18) 0) text: As George walks off -- he moves past an outdoor job fair where dozens of corporations are interviewing soon to be MBA’s potential employees..an assembly line where the big start to package the best.
19) 0) text: A foot race in progress...Lisa pounding the composite sur alongside a girl, RIVA, maybe eight years younger. Lisa, while running remembers something suddenly. .
21) 0) text: George is seated at a gide chair.. Annie opens the door a is quickly shoved aside by George's father CHARLES, vibra with an energy which leaves no doubt he came up through s and RON, the company’s legal counsel, who seems to squirt Protestant genes as he walks with perfect posture.
23) 0) text: We recognize Matty’s neighborhood. ..the doorman. INT. MATTY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 28 Total darkness.. MATTY’S VOICE Now? WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 26.
24) 0) text: George, barrelling down the stairs and then, quite sudden he stops - stark still and shouts to the heavens. (alt. sudden quiet realization. -)
25) 0) text: A decorated upscale apartment . George just sitting there propelled by a gust of anxiety, he goes to the refrigerat
25) 1) text: As he makes himself a Bloody Mary: vodka, mix, tabasco, a since we're civilized here, 4 stalk of celery in glass.. INT. GEORGE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 32
28) 0) text: She is fast asleep on her pull-out sofa as she is awakene a phone ringing in the b.g...She has slept 50 fitfully th it takes her a bit of time to free herself from the sheet and blankets; which she does with great energy..by the ti she gets to her cell phone, which is attached to its char it has stopped...She looks at the name of the person who called, "Sally." She clenches..She goes to her computer a starts it...under her e-mail is an unopened correspondenc from “The United States Softball Federation... Subject: U NATIONAL TEAM ROSTER.” She goes for the moment of clickin open, almost as a weight lifter summoning all strength fo the lift..but, at the last minute, foreboding stops her c and she doesn’t hit the key- The phone rings again. .in retreat from the decisive event of her life she exits to:
29) 0) text: She takes a toothbrush and starts to cry so suddenly that comes as a shock to her...she begins to vigorously brush teeth, ali the while the phone ringing in the bg. .stoppi and ringing again..a great many people are calling her. S looks in the mirror giving herself a ferocious, get a gri look. She exhales with power and reenters the living room
30) 0) text: She sits down and writes a note to herself. It steadies h She picks up the phone. Scrolls past the names of the teammates who have called her.. .She shuts off her phone and with enormous suddenness hits the computer key and engages the document and whatever it states..
30) 3) text: It takes considerably longer to catch on when your name i there than when it is. _And her’s is nowhere to be found. gaze pauses over the name Cam Austin, 2nd base. There is way to exaggerate the scale and heft of this trauma. Even word “rape” is no exaggeration - a sudden and perverted intimacy with the core of your identity. So the moment is odd... out of body..She goes to the phone..hits a speed d
32) 0) text: Annie sits at the first desk -- but the outer office is a large one with many desks stretching out as far as we can see. Annie takes one look at George and stands at her des where she calls out.
33) 0) text: As Sally walks the stairs to a distant sound which become clear as women crying. .As Sally opens the door.
34) 1) text: Lisa surrounded by teammates who are stricken in her beha very much like a funeral with weeping of all sorts as Sal works her way to Lisa, who is gamely trying to improve th atmosphere.
34) 29) text: 44 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 42. LISA (cont 'd) _.gad for me..my biggest fear is that you won’t be yourselves around me. .because I've seen that happen and if that happened with me it would mean I didn’t really know you anymore. .and I want to..need to.. (feeling awkward. .changing the mood) Say, ‘okay Lisa.” Though some chorus “okay, Lisa” granting her the light moment..there are other ad libbed words of earnest and serious support.
34) 37) text: GEORGE (cont 'd) Depersonalize everything, use what I learned in business school.. start with absolute basics.. First step, identify the problem. For example, I‘/m aware I’m talking too fast right now but, as yet, I don’t have the solution to that problem. .but what's my take-away in the meantime?
36) 1) text: 48 49 50 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 4g. The two of them silently eating..every once in a while catching each other’s awareness and making a gesture to disengage that contact with a smile or little wave. But m no mistake, even though one person is eating while the ot falls in love...there is no flirtation or charming subtex going on. There is no subtext when two people are in this kind of trouble, so Lisa’s rules suit them both for this of their lives..hell, it may even be some solution to dat in general, where someone warms your space while you are deep in your own troubled thoughts; it may be some flawed of early intimacy, though Lisa becomes so lost in her own thoughts that she almost forgets George is there.
38) 0) text: Passing a really good hotel George makes a sudden decisio and enters.
43) 5) text: You're alone, right?
44) 0) text: To show George and his dad walking past a massive directo ALL law offices. Something a bit surreai in this shot.. indicating George has entered a process.
45) 0) text: A tall grey haired man, TOWER ENDMAN, enters with his han extended..very expensive suit.
46) 0) text: His father caught off guard at how quickly George has arrived. As they walk to the elevator bank.
47) 0) text: There are seven or so men and women on board all evidentl lawyers.
48) 0) text: Lisa, dressed for a night out, stands alone, underneath a awning steadily beating with rain, as a large party takes place inside. She looks sad, isolated and introspective. brand new elements in her life. Behind her we see...
50) 0) text: As Matty and Lisa walk under a huge umbrella..well, not q under because Matty is trying to hold the umbrella to she the massive plate of food he holds -- Lisa yanks the umbr to shelter her. .Matty realizes. “makes the tough decisio tosses the meal. INT, MATTY’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 67 As he finishes stacking some firewood and then presses a remote control which lights the gas starter underneath.
52) 0) text: We see Matty on the bench...a game in progress on the oth side of the bullpen gate. The bullpen coach is focused on relief pitcher warming up...on the bench with Matty, who deep in thought, is a cute Japanese pitcher, TORI, and a pitcher in his 30's - DOUG. Tori is eyeing the bullpen co and the girls in the stands alternately...he points to on very pretty girl..and gestures to Doug..the girl looks over..Tori makes eyes at the girl who smiles. He makes a gesture indicating she should phone him..she is confused...how could she know the number? He looks over - acting involved in the warm up as the coach looks his way..and then, the coast clear again, reaches under a tow WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 67.
52) 1) text: There is a long printout of his phone number again and ag on a perforated sheet and a sling shot..he tears off one the numbers..balls it, loads it and shoots it at the girl it goes down her blouse. Doug reacts to the shot.
55) 0) text: George walking. His cell phone buzzes.
56) 0) text: Where Lisa and Matty maneuver on the precipice of fatal disagreement. Lisa forthright, Matty, a veteran of skirmi with women who feel wronged, doing the dance.
59) 31) text: As George dangerously challenges traffic..Lisa is just ab to shout a warning when he stops of his own volition. See her looking and gestures that he’s anxious to get back.
60) 0) text: Lisa has been talking for some time.
60) 23) text: First of all, I’m not going to ask you where you've been..I get points for that, right?
61) 0) text: As he signals for a cab. She feels bad for him.
63) 0) text: Where a young attractive (though chunky) man works at his computer. He is about to finish a bit of work when an attractive female intern (whom he secretly pines for) com in and gives him a take-out lunch. She leaves without tak any notice of him. He looks at his sandwich. Shit..they p mayo on his sandwich. It is really annoying. He leaves fr Comes back with a kleenex and tries to wipe the mayo off bread. It is not a good decision..pieces of tissue cling the bread. He reacts with some good humor to having done something moronic and leaves frame for a second and now c back with a paper towel..he wipes the bread and it falls apart..He throws that slice of bread away and takes a mes bite of the remaining sandwich..the mayo tastes pretty go Back to work. He hits his print key while wiping at his mouth..THE CAMERA FOLLOWS A CORD FROM HIS COMPUTER TOA PRINTER SITTING ON THE FLOOR. 95 96 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 89.
64) 0) text: Another party...lap sitting. .beer..long wooden tables on terrace where men with very good hand eye are smashing ha shelled crabs which are on brown paper. .very pretty dres are getting splattered with each swing, so it becomes a repeated chain reaction..slam, crab juice splatter, disma squeal from a girl...Tori, the Japanese pitcher who tosse his phone number into the stands, is in the company of th girl whose bodice received it..He is very nice..noting th splattered dress on his girl, he covers her with a bib..S rewards him with a kiss. Tori loves his crab meat. He tos a question to a strolling Matty.
66) 0) text: As Lisa enters and sees a male guest gitting on the bed, seriously pitching a girl who is crying. She exits.
68) 0) text: As George stands outside an ELEGANT BAR, partially in the shadows as he looks through the window at his father, who drinks at a table for two.
72) 0) text: Lisa is into her conversation with George. She is also shivering a bit from the night wind.
73) 1) text: Revealing that George's jocation is just a short distance from Matty’s terrace as is made clear by something architecturally distinctive. EXT. MATTY’S APT/EXT. ELEGANT REST. BAR: INTERCUT - NIGHT
76) 0) text: George is slumped in a cushy chair, virtually asleep....Charles is on the phone in the next room. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 103.
77) 7) text: 115 116 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 107. LISA(cont 'd) Play your heart out and when that’s not enough..kiss ass, have sex with a booster, do whatever it takes to hang on..because after what we had...you have.. real life is a killer.
79) 3) text: Lisa standing beneath his window..phone in hand. She is working real hard at being the casual, immediate, uncomplicated girl she was so recently. But in this time distress it is just faux real folk.
82) 0) text: As George and Lisa sit in Annie’s hospital room..Her pare are just leaving. Annie has a sleeping baby in her arms.. is trying to hostess the coming and going..
82) 44) dialog: The moment of his life is upon him. He walks over to Geor and whispers as he hands him his video camera. Hey?! I'm SHORE). do something record it..Red button. (he sits on the bed facing the mother of his child) I got to say something..to you. For christ's sake to the two of you. I don’t want you to think the reason we aren’t married is because I think anyone else is anything. It’s because I am 47 and a failure.
82) 46) dialog: I’1l get work I guess..but no seniority anymore or...but don’t get me sidetracked. The reason I didn’t talk marriage is I couldn’t stand to see you -- the princess of worry -- weighted down by me and my limited prospects. And now he has Lisa’s attention. She pauses at the door.
82) 47) dialog: Because I get your worry. And people could think that’s the bad thing about you but I get that it’s because of your great heart..and I love you for it. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 116. AL (cont'd) And then I worried about what would happen to you - and now the little hulk - if you ended up with someone who thought your worry was --
82) 49) dialog: Yes. Someone who didn’t get you..who made you feel bad about yourself..who wanted you to be more normal..who wanted you to like yourself more. Who wanted you to change. Who didn’t love all of it. Who wouldn’t leave great enough alone. And, -- I didn’t sleep, man...I thought I can do that for you...and that was a legitimate function for me in your life. Annie cheers as if at a ballgame.
82) 50) dialog: And that allows me to propose to you that we get married. Annie blubbers. Al is emotional. Lisa is rapt. Al hugs Annie..Lisa and George applaud as Annie and Al have a bri and intimate exchange.
82) 52) dialog: I am. But scared is a step up from terror and terror is what I feel about losing you. Annie gasps. Al holds her in this, their quintessential moment. Al looks at George and says through tear glazed e
82) 53) dialog: Did you get it?
82) 55) dialog: (this can’t have happened) You didn’t get it? WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 117.
82) 60) dialog: Who knows what I said?
82) 63) dialog: As he takes his highly self-conscious shot.
82) 64) dialog: I didn't want you to think that the reason I didn't ask to get married was because I ever had a thought of anyone else... He’s stuck. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 118.
82) 66) dialog: (to Annie) It's because I don’t want to saddle you with a 47 year old failure. Lisa comes in quickly.
82) 75) dialog: Wow. I said that?
82) 77) dialog: And then I asked you to marry me.
82) 82) dialog: Let her be. George nods..claps Al on the back. Lisa approaches Annie has to laugh even as she says the nuclear understatement.
83) 0) text: The awful thing is the sharp change in their ethos. A sec ago they seemed a couple..and now, that quickly, much lik Double Digit so recently experienced, they are thrust fro that warm, safe, womb like space into the awkward starkne of the real world. There is considerable culture shock as they walk toward the exit of the hospital self-consciousl the space between them as they walk widening in small increments.
84) 0) text: As they exit - (some horrible but legit sign about heaith insurance regulations in the background.) It’s a warm nig light breeze blowing, streetlights providing just the rig light and each of them still looking for a proper punctua to the recent experience. A small but persistent shyness come into their atmosphere.
84) 16) text: She nods with a half smile -- it was sort of clever let it pass.
88) 0) text: All the ball players crowded in as a man with a jump suit a JET HELICOPTER LOGO on his back carries in two large cr of live lobster to the kitchen. He is moving with considerable speed. .some of the ballplayers applaud.
88) 2) text: As Lisa enters the room and starts to head over, then shr helplessly, as Matty intercepts her to show off her new watch.. There are SEVERAL REACTION SHOTS from the players their women to the watch. George moves to the terrace whe buffet line has already formed for the LOBSTER..
89) 3) text: As he sees his son standing alone. Bummed. And then a bea George turns and takes on a new energy - Lisa enters the moving toward him.
91) 0) text: As we look in from the street. The windows open..Lisa at the refrigerator taking out som food. George leans over to help her. Lisa exits to the ne room. We see Lisa enter the living room and place plates on the table by the window; as George puts their dinner in the microwave in the adjoining kitchen window. Lisa stands still and tall and thinks..she is, at this moment, the poster girl for “private moments.” Her though as nervous making as it is insistent. She decides, after long layoff from same, to trust her instincts. She exits frame. George turns as she enters the kitchen. She kisses him.