21) 0) text: George is seated at a gide chair.. Annie opens the door a is quickly shoved aside by George's father CHARLES, vibra with an energy which leaves no doubt he came up through s and RON, the company’s legal counsel, who seems to squirt Protestant genes as he walks with perfect posture.
21) 2) dialog: You said, bring the company lawyer.. George hands his father the subpoena. .Ron reads over Cha shoulder. They each react instantly -- simultaneously shaken...Charles doesn’t trust himself to speak..he hands paper to Ron and paces off.
21) 4) dialog: What do you know about this?
21) 6) dialog: What are you being noble. .?
21) 8) dialog: The goddamn government’ s become like this horrible, punishing Mommy -
21) 13) dialog: You don’t assume or trust anyone. . not him..certainly not me..
21) 17) dialog: (about to take over) Okay, now...
21) 21) dialog: No. Drivel doesn’t get to finish. Drivel gets interrupted. George continues nonetheless. His earnestness is palpable and, given his audience, ill advised.
21) 23) dialog: (shout ing) You are a fucking moron. (catching himself) Too rough..
21) 26) dialog: Okay. I caught myself. Now may I get back to the fucking, sorry Annie, the fucking, sorry again Annie...point! (to George) You talk “creativity” to me? You M.B.A./C.P.A. You are a numbers man. You have one job you are suited for and that’s to be practical pig and make sure we build with bricks here. You are supposed to know the temper of these times -- in particular....the one SPIRIT DRAINING FACT of our lives: (resuming) WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 21. CHARLES (cont'd) We are potential raw material for the blame industry..all it takes is for one of us to stumble on any of the trip wires our government has planted.. and the booby trap is sprung... How many former major men must shuffle past you into ruin pefore you realize our lives depend on never forgetting that any executive stupid enough... (having committed to anger he taps into a well of genuine rage) ...to sell his product with too much enthusiasm or optimism... (parenthetical thought) ...and God forbid cause anyone to expect that his firm may make an extra penny or two in whatever quarter is about to sucker punch us with more competition from an UNREGULATED foreign country.. Charles stumbles with near miraculous smoothness to his original thought.
21) 27) dialog: (continued) ..-will be buried alive.. CAMERA MOVES to feature Annie who is having an out-of-bod experience hearing the favorite boss of her life so raked over the coals.
21) 28) dialog: (continued) I've overlooked every limitation I know you to have because you are my son. And you're a good guy, as every prick with half a brain who ever took advantage of you knows absolutely. But there is a bottom line which, because of your notions of trust and... (none have said the next word with such sarcasm) “creativity,” we may inevitably be forced to crawl on by some assistant U.S. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 22. CHARLES (cont'd) Attorney who at this moment is answering a roommate wanted ad in Brighton and, as his first professional act, will slay us for his 80 thousand a year, as he migrates to a future of defending us for millions a year..and if this almost -made-the-law review creature pins me between a choice of saving you or the company I founded and you preside over I think you should know that I will choose the company even though doing so may break my life forever...which is finally my fault for handing you a job where your assumptions or notions of trust can cause such calamity! Suddenly, in a visceral reflex, Annie takes a swing at Charles.. George grabs her hand stopping her just in time She is shocked by her own action.
21) 32) dialog: The company will pay! WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 23. Charles crosses to George as Ron begins dictating to Anni whose fingers fly across the keys with world class speed, even while trying to get the upper hand on her emotions. legalize preamble begins in the background. .NOTE RESEARC EXACT COPY. George begins to feel his life slipping on its foundation His father interrupts his dismal reverie.
21) 33) dialog: George, don’t take what I just said personally. Charles’ lips pucker and he moves in for a kiss on George cheek. As George moves his head out of range.
21) 35) dialog: (anguished) I was out of body. Non-specific anger. It was strange. I care about two things: you and this place. So I went off.. But, no matter what, I love you. Charles’ lips pucker again. George decides to accept this nonetheless he has found his own bottom line.
21) 37) dialog: Understood. As George prepares to exit, Annie, even as she continues type, feels the need to call out to him.
31) 1) dialog: I needed to catch you before you went in. I was with the board all night. I almost quit..but they said that would make things worse. They have cut you loose. You have to lawyer up immediately.
31) 3) dialog: There is no office. INT. GEORGE’S OFFICE BUILD. - OUTSIDE GEORGE’S OFFICE - D
34) 31) dialog: (calling) George. He moves to his son’s side.
34) 32) dialog: Can we go someplace? George is having a hard time breathing though he is worki to conceal that fact more from himself than others.
34) 34) dialog: It's urgent. I was afraid to use the phone.. George continues to drift in the direction he was heading...his father following.
34) 38) dialog: I think you're just indulging a lot of neurosis.
34) 40) dialog: You don’t have the luxury of not hearing this.
34) 42) dialog: The Board has... But George has broken into a run...pretty good one too..
34) 43) dialog: (calling back) I'm very disappointed in our interaction here..very!
40) 0) text: Charles, well dressed, is leaving the building. The same doorman greets him. We thereby know Charles and Matty liv the same apartment building.
40) 2) dialog: Thanks, Tom.. They stand curbside as Charles’ cell phone rings. He answ
42) 1) dialog: I'm just leaving my place to go to dinner. What if I come by your place later - the phone isn't...
42) 3) dialog: (to doorman) I’m sorry..this is private. The doorman is puzzled...usually his spot is in front of door...but he moves off. The coast is clear.
42) 4) dialog: (into phone) The board, under extraordinary, let 's-get-drunk-and-fuck-the- constitution pressure from the government, is refusing to pay your legal bills. Do you have a million dollars?
42) 6) dialog: Then you have to let me help. Do you hear me, you have to!
42) 8) dialog: Well, start your processing..
42) 10) dialog: As you pointed out, you can’t trust your emotions right now.
45) 2) dialog: This is my son, George. Good to be in your hands.
46) 2) dialog: ! He was the U.S. Attorney in Baltimore. He is connected. } The elevator arrives.
47) 1) dialog: Don’t I get a little say in the choice when I'm willing to pay anything. This stops all the laywer’s conversation.
47) 9) dialog: No. The door opens and George and the lawyer each step out..leaving Charles inside. The doors close. INT. LAW OFFICE - DYLAN LAURIE’S OFFICE - DAY 62 This is the law office of DYLAN LAURIE (the older lawyer. Dylan is Irish... Juries and people in general love him. I recall ete Vas only one “B” and that had to do with being drunk in class. (George likes the answer) I have an important question of my own. George treats his answer to the obvious unstated question if it were an oath uttered to Saint Peter.
55) 2) dialog: Are you coming to my place?
55) 4) dialog: Good. I have some disturbing news.
55) 6) dialog: I'll wait till you get here. And now we see our familiar doorman in the immediate background. 77 78 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 72. EXT. MATTY & CHARLES’ APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY 77
55) 8) dialog: Anger can be useful. Watch out for the bitterness.
55) 10) dialog: There are strong indications that they are going to indict you. I’ve cancelled everything I've got. I’m dedicating myself to this.
69) 0) text: Charles looks at his watch (one of the great watches) impatiently and reacts angrily. He takes out his cell pho and barks a command.
69) 1) dialog: Son!
75) 7) dialog: Finally..... Have you been avoiding me?
75) 10) dialog: why?
75) 12) dialog: Did..I..?
75) 15) dialog: My gogh...you’re not asking. .
75) 17) dialog: Easy..easy. This ground we are on is wall to wall mine fields.
75) 19) dialog: Well, how about one question of my own. Am I talking to my son or 4 recording device? WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 98. George lifts his father to his feet..and shakes him. .Cha in trying to free himself actually slaps his son who does even feel it. He pushes his father away and heads for the door. His father calls out his concession.
75) 20) dialog: Sorry I asked that. Awful.
75) 22) dialog: You're right to be offended. What exact Re you do?
75) 23) dialog: If I did something and if I told you I would be putting you ina seriously, legally compromised position. So will you let me proceed carefully here?
75) 25) dialog: I did what everyone who does business in the Mid-East does..and I mean everyone..as in every...bodddy ...who is not Microsoft or selling something indispensable...You pay a toll in the Mid-East no matter what the country is. If you want to sell in Egypt you go there, rent an office and bribe an Egyptian. That’s what I did.... like Every...bodddddy does. I bribed the Egyptian. They put money on our books with an order knowing I would slip the money back to them. George makes a sound.
75) 26) dialog: (continued) The stock moved more than I -o thought. It attracted attention. “> 111 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 99. CHARLES (cont 'd) I didn’t think it would ever touch you..and I wish I could somehow express how what is happening to you is the most wrenching experience of my life. And it’s not just emotional. (telling his truth) It‘s physical. It hurts in a profound and deep way..my muscles, my skin..like those side effects I got from Lipitor. I am anguishing in every way because of what you are going th..... Charles voice cracks..he is about to ecry.. A fact which more than George can take. He wigs out -- moving his face close to his father as he speaks with loud urgency.
75) 28) dialog: Better pace yourself, son. It gets worse. As George reacts.
76) 0) text: George is slumped in a cushy chair, virtually asleep....Charles is on the phone in the next room. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 103.
76) 1) dialog: (into phone) Well, I’m going to possibly go into all the ramifications with my son. Then I can meet with you and the other lawyers..Okay, then. He hangs up and enters. He nudges George.
76) 3) dialog: Take my advice. I think you should get away from me. Cut me off. I’ve just been trying to avoid an inevitable here. Have to give up on that. I tried to steer you to the right lawyer. Your guy was wrong. I could have paid your bills - used money to make the government lose heart in a minor matter. But, no, you picked a shmoe.
76) 5) dialog: George, I worked for a boiler stock operation when I was 19. There was a violation and I got one year probation.
76) 8) dialog: Because of that if they find me at all responsible for the current problems I would be a repeat offender and could get 25 years in jail...that’s why I didn’t come forward. They look at each other...that fact produces a genuine, though brief, transcendent moment. In a fleeting gesture George touches his father’s arm in sympathy.
76) 12) dialog: Finally and at last not your problem. I need you to go because I am in some wrestling match with myself here. I can’t trust myself not to manipulate you - I don't know if I’m doing it now. (gives it some thought} I think I am.
76) 14) dialog: Honestly, no. George gestures that it is worth a shot.
76) 15) dialog: If you pled out the sentence would be three years with a chance of getting it down to less than two..
76) 17) dialog: Get off. Maybe. Probably. George feels a sudden thrust of energy. -
82) 21) dialog: Just wanted to drop this off..Tell you not to worry about your job in any way.
82) 23) dialog: (to George) You okay?
82) 25) dialog: Thought you might be here. Would you like to talk - go over anything..Any new thoughts?
82) 27) dialog: You're thinking things out.
82) 31) dialog: There's a time factor that I can no longer shield you from. (noticing Lisa) You a relative of Annie’s?
82) 33) dialog: Good to meet you. Call me Charles.
82) 35) dialog: I spoke to George minutes after he met you for the first time. Lisa is mystified.
82) 37) dialog: Yes..So I was the first to know. Lisa is mystified.
82) 39) dialog: I'm his father.
82) 41) dialog: That's nice of you to say. Okay, all..I Love you, son. Goodnight everyone. Charles exits. George is still coming down from what he briefly thought.
85) 3) dialog: George.
85) 5) dialog: Well, could you give me some indication.
85) 7) dialog: George, I... WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 124.
86) 0) text: George knocks on his father’s door. Charles answers it.
86) 1) dialog: (tense) Hi, son. Just a minute, my lawyers were just leaving. 126 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 125. And so they begin to file out...endlessly..maybe 20 of them..we don't wait for the last to appear. INT. MATTY’S WALK IN CLOSET - NIGHT 126 We hear him telling Lisa, off-camera, how great it is to her as he leads her toward us. He is carrying a garbage b some of the following speech is off-camera.
87) 0) text: Charles sits and indicates the chair for George.
87) 2) dialog: You look ...
87) 4) dialog: (wisely lying) Yes, of course.
87) 6) dialog: It wasn’t?
87) 8) dialog: (sincerely) Very good.
87) 10) dialog: But you don't.
87) 12) dialog: Well, that's an extreme point of view..Do you have such a person?
87) 14) dialog: You mean she may be unavailable? Just the words kills him. Robs him briefly of his exubera
87) 16) dialog: What? George tries to think of his thought..and does.
87) 18) dialog: (wanly) Good luck. 128 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 128. INT. MATTY’S APT. - WALK IN CLOSET - NIGHT 128 As Matty arranges a small Tiffany’s paper bag on the floo near the valet chair. Lisa enters from the toilet. Matty indicates she should sit in the chair again. He picks up small bag and waves it...then suddenly realizes the impression he is giving; which might have screwed up everything which would make him a moron. He quickly blurt out a key fact to avoid crushing Lisa with disappointment
89) 4) dialog: As he reacts and then turns to enter his apartment to beg mounting his defense.