2) 0) text: He walks toward the front door - the doorman greets him b name..Lisa hesitates, ambivalent..not her usual decisive self.
5) 0) text: She stands in front of the sink now and opens the right h drawer.
21) 0) text: George is seated at a gide chair.. Annie opens the door a is quickly shoved aside by George's father CHARLES, vibra with an energy which leaves no doubt he came up through s and RON, the company’s legal counsel, who seems to squirt Protestant genes as he walks with perfect posture.
21) 3) dialog: (to Charles) They are apparently investigating us for possible misstatement of receivables to inflate earnings.
21) 9) dialog: Could you ask your assistant to come in -- we’re going to have to respond immediately. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 19.
21) 11) dialog: All these items mentioned -- you must have checked whether we had actual receipt of funds before we talked to the analysts..
21) 14) dialog: Good guidelines I'm afraid.
21) 24) dialog: Much too rough.
21) 31) dialog: (a beat then) Alright..You should go home now and think about interviewing attorneys. I don’t know whether circumstances will allow the company to pay..-
21) 41) dialog: To the Justice Department. .the individual’s name is on here... .All documents relating to loan applications. .All financial statements, including but not limited to general ledgers, journals, balance sheets and income statements of George Madison, Chief Executive Officer... Ron has paced the the window and looks out as he continue
21) 42) dialog: (continuing) All documents relating to corporate travel...
22) 1) dialog: Just a minute.. (he speed dials his phone) Following is intercut between Ron at the second floor win and George who stops in the street, others flowing by.
22) 3) dialog: I've been through things like this and I'd like to give you some difficult advice..if you'd like to hear it. George pauses..actively considering whether he does..fina
22) 5) dialog: Accept the enormity. Give up illusions of containment. WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 25. RON (cont'd) The hardest fact of all is that, no matter what the outcome, it is unlikely that you can ever again be the person you’ve been until now.
22) 7) dialog: Sorry. Any other contact now would be inappropriate. Good luck, George. He hangs up and as Ron continues in the bg George continu his walk toward his be-clouded future as we lose him in t crowd.
31) 5) dialog: Your copies of the subpoenoed documents requests are filed meanwhile you can only remove absolutely personal items not paid for in full or part by the company or having any connection to the.... (on George's look) I'm not the bad guy, George. George, standing with a large cardboard box, looks over h desk for anything fitting the lawyer's description. Final he takes from atop his desk a BARTENDER'S GUIDE, a ZAGAT' GUIDE and a CAN OF PLAY DOH.
31) 7) dialog: That may help your chances a little. George takes this in and exits to the outer offices.
56) 0) text: Where Lisa and Matty maneuver on the precipice of fatal disagreement. Lisa forthright, Matty, a veteran of skirmi with women who feel wronged, doing the dance.
63) 0) text: Where a young attractive (though chunky) man works at his computer. He is about to finish a bit of work when an attractive female intern (whom he secretly pines for) com in and gives him a take-out lunch. She leaves without tak any notice of him. He looks at his sandwich. Shit..they p mayo on his sandwich. It is really annoying. He leaves fr Comes back with a kleenex and tries to wipe the mayo off bread. It is not a good decision..pieces of tissue cling the bread. He reacts with some good humor to having done something moronic and leaves frame for a second and now c back with a paper towel..he wipes the bread and it falls apart..He throws that slice of bread away and takes a mes bite of the remaining sandwich..the mayo tastes pretty go Back to work. He hits his print key while wiping at his mouth..THE CAMERA FOLLOWS A CORD FROM HIS COMPUTER TOA PRINTER SITTING ON THE FLOOR. 95 96 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 89.