16) 2) dialog: George, am I wrong, didn’t I tell you I'm crashing on the book tonight? She holds up the portable data plug which contains all he work...
17) 1) dialog: Maybe that’s better for tonight. I don’t know why I agreed to this delivery date..damn me and my need for approval. .Sorry. She slides into the cocoon -- no small feat.
17) 3) dialog: Anyway, I think I know what it is that's bothering you.. George is puzzled by this.
17) 4) dialog: (crossing to him.) If you're concerned about us now that we've intensified..we're okay. I am busy so I can’t demonstrate to you that we’re okay in all the little ways like paying attention to you..but if you could just take my word for it until the work lets up that would really help me... and us. (beguiling) I think I like that word better. Us.
17) 6) dialog: Thanks. Kiss. 22 23 WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 16. She slides out with some difficulty. .He kisses her.
17) 7) dialog: Hot kiss. He hot kisses her. She moans, pulls him closer with a lon leg..Terry has the ability to get instantly hot... and wh her very plump brain cells get that blood flow, insights result.
17) 8) dialog: (hot and free) Don't let me get away with too much - that will never work for me ~ don't be too low maintenance that’s a ticking bomb.. but thanks for understanding this one. George is getting aroused... but not for long. She breaks off.
17) 9) dialog: See. We're good. He nods and exits as she turns back to her work, then tur realizing a beat late that her turn-on and sudden turn-of was sort of funny/strange..she flashes a good guy smile a shrugs.
23) 19) dialog: I'm sorry..just thinking. A beat as she gnaws at her lip..glances at him then away. tries another speed dial.
23) 21) dialog: I have one. I’m just not proud of it. It’s just me being analytical. (realizing she must offer more) I was thinking of my work and how weak gravity is ... (on his confused reaction) Let me explain the thought.. We build these elaborate machines- these giant colliders to amplify gravity just to get something measurable.
23) 23) dialog: (making her point) while you were talking, I related the weakness of gravity to your capacity for feeling good right now and how I would fail if I tried to be one of those machines for you. Using all my energy to produce a drop of well being in you. That‘s what I thought. George doesn’t follow at all.
23) 25) dialog: This is for us. I swear it. She kneels before his chair, looking up at him. Okay, may that’s not love light in her eyes but it sure contains so kindness and affection as it get to the core truth.
23) 26) dialog: We are not well matched for this interval in your life. Not with me against this deadline. And you -- being investigated. We would not survive. I don’t want our relationship to become cannon fodder for this apparition in your working life. I’1l be there for you at the end. You can count on that. George has to maneuver past some disbelief before he gets
23) 28) dialog: No.
23) 30) dialog: (correcting him) _..Hitting the pause button..Us on hold so we don’t waste precious energies on...stuff. You think I'm being horrible. I think I’m being smart..for us. George has an adrenaline rush which cracks his composure. .maybe even a slight stutter as he says:
23) 32) dialog: No, you're misreading me. I’m rattled. (on his reaction) Yes..This is me rattled.
23) 34) dialog: I think I’m the best source for my own feelings. Calmly, studiously even, George goes to her desk and grab HER DATA PORT from the computer...she screams and shouts mother would for an endangered child..
23) 36) dialog: Cheap parlor trick. I mean it! riz be here at the end. I do love you. He exits.