6) 104) text: CLOSE UP OF SIMON BUQUET.
6) 111) text: SEMI C.V. JOSEPH BUQUET.
6) 112) text: As Simon enters scene and affectionately rubs his  back for him - Buquet accepts his brother's aid  in a manner that shows he is accustomed to being  petted by Simon and he likes it. Simon puts his  arm about his brother's shoulder and says:
9) 57) text: The girls want him to lead them to Joseph Buquet. He is proud of their confidence and he beams.  The girls surround him and each takes hold of his  arm or his belt and the group moves through the  arch and exits to the right.
9) 58) text: INT. CELLAR SHOT. .#4. . FAINT GREEN This is the set in which there is a headless statue. In this scene, however, the light is not on the  headless statue and it can hardly be seen. Joseph  Buquet is at work under a shaded gas jet, sewing up  the cheek of John the Baptist. Florine and the ballet  girls enter. The girls huddle around Buquet as  if they found protection in his presence. They begin  to question the glassy eyed man, he looks around  apprehensively as if all the shadows might be  inhabited. As Buquet talks he switches the head around, sometimes holding it by the hair. This  head has practical eyes that open and close. Buquet tells them:
9) 63) text: BACK: The girls show horror and fascination. A pained expression comes over Florine's face. Buquet con- tinues:
9) 69) text: BACK: The girls are held spell bound. Florine shivers  and tells Buquet with apprehensiveness:
9) 74) text: BACK: Buquet looks into Florine's face with his big  hollow eyes as if he had not heard him. Then he  tells the girls:
9) 81) text: BACK: This is too much for Florine. He decides not to go  with them and begins to walk away, but the girls  grab him. They are not going to be left alone  with Buquet after what he has said. Buquet leads  them down a flight of stairs; after he has care- fully laid the head aside. Florine keeps his eye  on the head until he is out.
9) 84) text: Joseph Buquet leads the girls and Florine down the  circular staircase to a position before the "Lahore"  set.
9) 86) text: Buquet points his skinny finger at the dark  column of the "Lahore" set and begins to explain  that it was in that shadow that he saw the Ghost.  The girls are looking into the shadow, fascinated,  as if the Ghost might appear there again. But  Florine is looking at the dark opening in the wall  behind the set. His eyes are fixed upon something  and he stands stiff and paralyzed.
9) 95) text: The girls almost die of fright, genuine fright this  time. There is a frightened clamor on the part of  the girls and Florine to be the first to reach the  circular staircase. Buquet stands quietly looking  at them with his hollow, glassy eyes. The girls  reach the stairs and run up the circular stairs  laughing at each other and screaming. Florine  tears up the staircase to the first landing when  his momentum carries him out of the opening and  upon the floor at his starting point. He tears  up the stairs again.
20) 11) dialog: INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE. . AS IN 173. Both the managers gasp in horror and collapse limply in their chairs.  INT. DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR. AMBER
20) 75) text: As Raoul runs into the scene from Christine's  dressing room, a solemn procession enters from  the stairs leading to the first cellar.  Two men  are carrying the body of Joseph Buquet upon a  stretcher. Buquet's face is covered with a handker- chief which has been dampened and will cling closely to his face. There are five other stage hands and the procession including Simon and Florine.  Simon leans heavily on two companions-stage hands and  sobs silently. All have their heads down. As  procession comes from the cellar, moves toward the stage, interrupts Raoul's hasty exit and delays him. He slows up his pace and bows his head in the presence of death.
22) 168) text: As the crowd discusses the affair in awe and wonder -- At this juncture Simon Buquet and Florine join the crowd--As Simon reads the bulletin his features  convulse with grief and rage -- he starts to tell  the crowd what he knows about it.
22) 540) text: Atmosphere shot of stage at work under Simon Buquet's  orders.
22) 700) text: Two shadows are seen on the wall where the shadow of Joseph Buquet's figure was seen. It is Raoul and the  Persian approaching from the right, holding up their  hands. They enter and Raoul follows the Persian to a little cupboard fastened to the wall. The cupboard contains an emergency outfit consisting of a dark lantern, a hatchet, an ax, a saw and a coil of rope. The cupboard door is removed by the Persian who takes the lantern and lights it.
22) 709) text: Raoul is puzzled and senses his dependency. He  raises his hand. The Persian moves quickly followed by Raoul to a pin rail in the left b.g.  With some effort the Persian twists one of these large pins. As he does a trap opens in the floor in the identical spot where the body of Joseph  Buquet was found. The Persian and Raoul go to the  open trap and the Persian flashes on the lantern  and indicates for Raoul to hold him by the wrists  and drop him - Raoul holds the Persian by the wrists  and drops him - (This scene will be more effective  if played in semi-darkness)
22) 1033) text: This is Roi de Lahore set. The mob is sweeping  down the circular staircase. Florine very much frightened - is talking, telling where the body of Buquet was hanging and where he saw the move-  ment in the dark opening - some of the mob runs out toward the spot of the hanging while others begin to break down the door in the dark opening. Simon herds the men out toward the camera. These  cellar scenes are wild and rapid and are not held up by individuals, closeups, business, so that the effect will be the that of the menace sweeping downward like a great wave. CLOSE VIEW CHRISTINE BENDING OVER CABINET