6) 7) text: Discovered Christine also dressing for the part  of Marguerite, but all alone --she appears sad and  wistful.
6) 15) text: SEMI C.V. OF CHRISTINE. This is a character study of a wistful, sad-eyed  creature, who dresses listlessly because she  has about given up hope--a couple of tears roll  down her cheeks, though she strives bravely to  keep them back --then she dashes them away with her  sleeve, angry at her weakness--all of a sudden she  starts and listens.
6) 19) text: MED SHOT IN CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM 
6) 23) text: As Christine finishes her silent prayer, crosses herself then raises her face which now registers exaltation--she begins to sing and act the part of Marguerite before the mirror.
6) 31) text: BACK: Christine continues to sing with increasing exaltation.
6) 34) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM. . AMBER Christine is singing exultantly before the mirror.  She comes to the end of her song and listens in  the direction of the mirror with a faraway look in  her eyes, then holding out her hands toward the  mirror, she says pleading:
9) 206) text: As workmen finish setting scene for the ballet - in b.g. Christine appears in entrance to dressing  room corridor. SEMI C.V.  OF CHRISTINE. As she looks on with that same wistful expression.
9) 215) text: In the mirror's reflection can be seen Christine  Daae standing in entrance to dressing room corridor - Raoul gasps and whirls around.
9) 217) text: C.V. CHRISTINE
9) 222) text: As Raoul starts toward Christine, she turns and  flees - and as he gets near the door, he is  suddenly blocked for the whole ballet comes  tearing out for their places - he is compelled to  wait.
9) 224) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM.
15) 25) text: All is confusion on the stage - stage hands - firemen - ballet girls and Christine run out  from the wing onto the stage. Carlotta faints.
15) 44) text: This is a Medium Close Up of Christine. She is  horrified. She shields her eyes from the sight and  backs out through the wings.
15) 46) text: Raoul is anxious for Christine's safety.  He  runs to go out of the box toward the corridor.  Philippe bars his way knowing what he has in  mind -- demanding that he remain. A dangerous  light gleams in Raoul's eyes. He tosses his  brother aside and exits. The women gasp  and Philippe is furious and aghast.
17) 8) text: There is another panic going on. Stage hands, principals and ballet corps are in a mad rush  to get out, knocking over scenery and props. Sud- denly Raoul appears...fighting his way and  looking extremely anxiously for Christine. His  clothing is nearly torn from his body.  He fights  his way to the dressing room corridor.
18) 1) text: Attendants, stage hands, ballet girls are  running about and are collected in groups,  excitedly discussing the tragedy. One  group is gathering about Christine who has  fainted. Raoul enters from stage, disheveled  as a result of his battle to get there. As he  comes forward, he sees Christine, and with a  cry, he pushes thru the group and stooping,  lifts her into his arms. Then demanding the  location of her dressing room, he follows,  carrying her after the frightened group.
19) 1) text: As the door opens and Raoul enters carrying  Christine. He deposits her tenderly on her  couch.  Then turns upon the curious group that followed and who would enter, he says:
19) 5) text: BACK: Then he drives out the group and closing the door, crosses to Christine's side.
19) 6) text: As Raoul kneels beside Christine, stroking her  hands and calling upon her to speak to him. He is greatly worried over her condition.
19) 12) text: Raoul seeing Christine is conscious, carries  her hand to his lip. She is thrilled by the  contact.  He pleads earnestly:
19) 14) dialog: 
19) 16) text: BACK:  Christine is too confused for words.  She just stares at him with trembling lips.
19) 24) text: C.V. OF CHRISTINE.
19) 27) text: Christine in her terror, tries to push Raoul  away as she pleads:
19) 39) text: BACK: Christine blinks curiously, as if dazed and confused....her eyes still show fear.  Raoul bends over to kiss her.
19) 47) text: As the doctor feels Christine's pulse and  gives Raoul a curious look. Raoul drops his  eyes but remains standing there, a prey to  his confused emotions. The doctor feels  Christine's forehead and then as he is about to open his case, Christine glances up and sees Raoul. At that moment, Raoul looks at her. His eyes plead. Fear returns to Christine's eyes. She touches the doctor's arm and entreats him:
19) 51) text: DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR. MED. CLOSE VIEW OUTSIDE CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM DOOR.
20) 12) text: The corridor is now empty except for Raoul. He is  pacing the corridor in agony of mind. Something terrible has happened to Christine. He hears a movement and disappears around the corner of the  corridor just as the physician enters from  Christine's dressing room and exits. Raoul  immediately re-appears and hurries to the dressing room with the intention of waiting for Christine  and getting an explanation of her strange attitude  toward him.
20) 16) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM. SEMI C.V. OF CHRISTINE.
20) 17) text: relaxing on couch before large mirror. She, too, is sad and upset. There are tears in her  eyes. INT. PASSAGEWAY BEHIND MIRROR. Suddenly a shaft of light appears. It grows wider, revealing a sliding door. Then a figure in evening dress, wearing a black mask, enters carrying a candelabra and a violin. He comes to the foreground where he manipulates some machinery on the wall and presses close to the wall with his masked face. SEMI C.V. CHRISTINE ON COUCH. Suddenly part of the mirror behind her becomes  transparent, revealing the upper portion of the  masked face.
20) 19) text: The masked man is looking thru the reverse of mirror. He then operates the machinery and the  transparent space thru which can be seen Christine  on her couch, becomes opaque. The figure lifts  his violin and starts to play.
20) 20) text: SEMI C.V. CHRISTINE ON COUCH.
20) 40) text: C.V. CHRISTINE.
20) 48) text: Raoul's eyebrows arch with a sudden surprised understanding, having heard a man's voice. He is astonished and curious. He had left the room an instant before and no man except the physician was there. He draws closer to the door and as he continues to hear, he shows more astonishment and bewilderment. Then afire with jealous suspicion, he is about to put his hand on the latch to confront Christine and the unknown man when some- thing he hears halts him. INT. PASSAGEWAY BEHIND MIRROR. The masked man speaks:
20) 53) text: C.V. OF CHRISTINE (FLASH)  She is all aglow with a divine feeling and  happiness. SEMI C.V. OUTSIDE DRESSING ROOM DOOR.
20) 63) text: At the cross corridor in foreground waits Raoul in a jealous rage as he watches up corridor toward Christine's dressing room. Then he is rewarded for Christine, wrapped in her fur cloak and her  face covered with a veil, comes out of her dressing  room and hurries toward camera.  Raoul ducks back  and watches as Christine passes his place of hiding  without seeing him. She passes corner and he  watches after her. Then filled with a jealous rage,  he darts out and dashes toward her dressing room.
20) 65) text: INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM. AMBER
20) 69) text: He has paused in the midst of his blind rage  to wonder. Is he losing his mind...has his ear  deceived him? He suffers chagrin and sheathes  his sword. Then the thought occurs to him that  he will overtake Christine and demand an  explanation.
20) 71) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM.
20) 75) text: As Raoul runs into the scene from Christine's  dressing room, a solemn procession enters from  the stairs leading to the first cellar.  Two men  are carrying the body of Joseph Buquet upon a  stretcher. Buquet's face is covered with a handker- chief which has been dampened and will cling closely to his face. There are five other stage hands and the procession including Simon and Florine.  Simon leans heavily on two companions-stage hands and  sobs silently. All have their heads down. As  procession comes from the cellar, moves toward the stage, interrupts Raoul's hasty exit and delays him. He slows up his pace and bows his head in the presence of death.
20) 123) text: As she looks with pity and understanding, then starts toward Christine.
20) 124) text: INTERIOR CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM.
20) 125) text: As Mme. Valerius crosses to Christine and seating  herself beside her, pulls her over on her breast.  Then she pats and comforts her, stretching her hair  and wiping the tears from the corners of her eyes  and speaking words of cheer. Christine looks up in- to her grandmother's eyes and with an expression  of intense agony and pleading, she sobs:
20) 138) text: BACK: Her grandmother - as Christine shudders in horror and shaking her head in the negative, clings  to her grandmother in terror. The latter whose heart  yearns for the welfare of the sweet young girl  continues to comfort her. Suddenly both start as they  hear:
20) 145) text: As Mme. Valerius greets Lavelle. The latter  produces Raoul's letter and hands it to the  woman. As he starts to explain about it,  Mme. Valerius places her finger to her lips  quickly to caution him. Then shaking her head  in the negative with a warning expression that  Christine must not know, she quickly hides the  letter in her bodice.
20) 147) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM.
20) 148) text: Christine has heard voices and curious, she arises  and exits.
20) 150) text: Mme. Valerius and Lavelle hear Christine coming.  The woman again registers a look of warning. Then  Christine enters. She greets Lavelle who is very  nervous and uncomfortable and anxious to get away.  Her wistful look is suddenly illuminated by a  hopeful smile. She presses her hands together and  says:
20) 155) text: BACK: He is confused and tongue-tied: he looks  toward Mme. Valerius whose eyes show warning.  He recovers his poise, a bit, and shakes his head  in the negative, Christine's face falls and she  swallows hard. Lavelle takes the chance to get  away. He places his hand on the door latch and says:
20) 159) text: BACK: Christine nods but her mind is far away. Lavelle bows, then exits.
20) 160) text: SEMI C.V. CHRISTINE & GRANDMOTHER.
20) 161) text: Two tears roll down Christine's cheeks. The other  swallows hard. She just cannot be cruel. She  pulls the letter from her bodice and pushes it  up with Raoul's letter. As Christine sees it, her  face is transfigured with joy. She seizes it  eagerly. Then is swept into her grandmother's  arms. When the other releases her, Christine  hungrily tears open the envelope and reads:
20) 177) text: BACK: Christine looks up from the letter, all  thrilled with the wonder of it. She is wild with  joy. She cries out her joy, then runs from the scene.
20) 179) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM
20) 182) text: CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE AT DESK. As she starts to write the letter.
20) 192) text: The location is a quaint little garden in Brittany.  In the b.g. looking over a low garden wall is the  ocean. Upon the left is a little Inn. The Inn of  the Setting Sun. On the right there is a little  arbor. Christine is discovered, occupied with  thoughts of long ago. Christine's dress is so  conceived that it will lend to the spiritual quality of her character. She is sad and passive and looks a frail little figure.
20) 193) text: MED. CLOSE UP CHRISTINE.
20) 196) text: With glad anticipation - Christine runs to the low wall. Raoul runs in and jumps over the wall and starts panting before her.
20) 197) text: MED. CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
20) 220) text: CLOSE UP RAOUL & CHRISTINE.
20) 221) text: At these words from Raoul, a deathly pallor spreads over Christine's face...she almost faints. Raoul becomes conscious of his odious behavior and seeks  to apologize. Then suddenly her eyes moisten and    two great tears roll down her cheeks. Raoul tries to take her in his arms, but she escapes and flees  in great disorder. Raoul calls after her, then  angry at himself...turns and gazes, gloomily out over the sea.
20) 223) text: As Christine flees into scene from behind camera.  Then she steps and turns around revealing that she  is sorry she ran away. She makes up her mind  to explain everything to him...exits back behind  camera.
20) 226) text: Raoul is gazing despondently out to sea when Christine  slips up behind him. She is smiling again. She  touches his shoulder. He turns with a start, then  smiles and captures her hands. He starts to pull  her to him, when she says:
20) 230) text: A LONGER SHOT.  Christine leads Raoul to the little arbor on the right. Both sit down upon the moss covered bench. MED. CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
20) 237) text: C.V. OF CHRISTINE
20) 243) text: SEMI CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE & RAOUL. Raoul is startled and looks at her stupidly, then  incredulously - then suspiciously. Christine does  not observe the reaction in him. She continues  more lightly than before.
20) 254) text: As Raoul pursues Christine to the Inn door where he grabs and detains her.
20) 257) text: As Raoul tries to placate Christine. He releases  his hold on her arm, whereupon she gives him an  angry look and without replying, enters the Inn door and slams it in his face. Raoul is chagrined and disappointed. He curses the luck  then moves away sadly.
20) 261) text: It is night of the same day. The play of light  and shadow makes a beautiful but depressing scene.  There is a stage background. At first, the heaven is filled with stars. Then as the full moon begins to rise over the horizon, the stars begin  to fade and long shadows creep out into the garden. Raoul is sitting in the little alcove just where  he was left. He is downcast and gloomy. His attention suddenly becomes centered. The door  opens - The door to the Inn and he arises. Slowly the door opens and Christine enters, dressed all in white. Her eyes are fixed and look into space. She  moves like one walking in her sleep. Raoul  who is in foreground, watches Christine exit with  growing suspicion. Then he follows her with  caution.
20) 264) text: This is a country graveyard beside a little church in Brittany and it must be so conceived that it  will seem reasonable to appear it joins the  garden. Skeletons and skulls by the hundreds are  heaped against the wall of the church. The full moon throws its light upon the scene.  Christine enters like a sleeping walker and picks her way amongst the graves. Raoul enters a short distance  behind and follows her at a distance. Christine  finally stops before a grave with a moss covered  headstone and kneels.
20) 266) text: MED. CLOSE UP CHRISTINE.  BLUE
20) 269) text: Christine makes the sign of the cross and begins  to pray.
20) 275) text: CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE AT GRAVE.
20) 281) text: He is startled and dismayed for he hears the  same strange melody that he had heard outside  Christine's dressing room door. Then as he  listens, his passion arises - in a jealous frenzy.
20) 285) text: Christine's face is radiant. She turns and winds  her way out of the graveyard and she is in the same  mood that she entered. Raoul's eyes follow Christine  for a second. Then again he begins to search for  the source of the music with his eyes. He  thinks he hears a noise in the direction of the bone  heap and he takes two or three steps in this  direction.
20) 330) text: The house is dark. The footlights are lit and  the orchestra is playing while the audience waits in suspense. The Curtain rises, disclosing Christine as Marguerite kneeling before the Shrine  in the Church.
20) 349) text: RAOUL'S fingers turn the card over impatiently,  revealing on the other side, Christine's answer.
21) 3) text: It is evident that Christine has finished her aria.  The audience is a tumult of applause.
22) 3) text: MED CLOSE UP RAOUL & PERSIAN  AMBER. The two men stop and look at each other, just for an instant, one look, but in that look the Persian expresses a friendly compassion for Raoul. The  Persian then passes on toward the stage; Raoul  looks after him. It strikes Raoul with sudden  force that perhaps this Persian is Christine's  Angel of Music. Raoul shows his suspicions and  again turns toward Christine's dressing room.
22) 6) text: Raoul raps at Christine's door. As there is no  response, he tries the knob. The door is unlocked  and he exits...into the dressing room.
22) 8) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM   AMBER Raoul enters and finds a gas light burning but the room is empty.  He still holds the suspicion occasioned by his meeting with the Persian.  He  looks about the room angrily, then sits down  on the edge of the couch to wait.
22) 15) text: This is a very long shot. The curtains at the  corner are drawn back for a curtain call. Christine  Daae appears alone, a diminutive little figure  upon which thousands of eyes are focused. The  audience is giving her a great ovation. FULL FIGURE OF CHRISTINE.  IN CLOSE UP
22) 16) text: As she acknowledges the applause in a nervous  bewildered sort of way  Then she vanishes  through the edge of curtain out of sight. INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM  
22) 19) text: As Christine comes happily down the corridor,  her arms laden with flowers and accompanied  by a group of admiring ballet girls who shower  her with praise.
22) 20) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM.
22) 21) text: Raoul looks about in a panic. Then he decides he will hide. He conceals himself in her closet just in time, for the door opens and Christine enters.  She waves good-bye to the ballet girls  and closing the door, crosses quietly to her  mirror, where she hugs the flowers happily.
22) 24) text: MED. CLOSE UP CHRISTINE...AMBER
22) 25) text: A strangeness has come over Christine. She raises her head in an attitude of listening. Her eyes seem to be fixed upon space.
22) 31) text: CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE BEFORE MIRROR.
22) 35) text: BACK: The glass begins to quiver. A dozen images of Christine are seen, all quivering. Christine  herself is terrified. She gropes blindly at  a long white drape hanging beside the mirror. The terrified Christine disappears through the mirror  and is gone with the mirror hanging and the  torn drape with her.
22) 40) text: Christine finds herself in a gloomy passage  lighted by a single ray of light which comes  from some unseen source.  Christine clutches the  drapes - bewildered and terrified - but she does not cry out. She looks ahead of her in the direction of the improvised runway, but she does not look directly downward. Then she turns to the mysterious door thru which she has just  entered. Near her from below a long arm is extended into the scene. The fingers of the hand  are held close together, stiff and straight. The hand itself is not made up for a skeleton's hand,  but merely to suggest one slightly. Then, without  a step, the figure of Erick moves upward into  scene, without motion on his part as if he were  being lifted upon an elevator. Erick wears  a black mask covering his eyes and nose.  The  eyes seem to be two black holes. The part of  the face that is visible, the chin and the  mouth, is hideous. There is practically no  hair on the head. He is dressed all in black, his own peculiar fashion of evening clothes. The whole is covered by a long black cloak.
22) 41) text: Erick extends his hand and grasps Christine by the wrist. She stands motionless, burned to  stone, but does not turn her eyes upon him yet.
22) 46) text: BACK: Christine screams in sudden hysterical  terror and looks up into his face. She screams and begins to fight him hysterically. This  scene is played very rapidly.
22) 48) text: A LONGER SHOT.  FAINT GREEN This shot shows an improvised runway with the exit in the left f.g. In the b.g. can be seen the machinery of the mirror, the two counter-  pieces, etc. One of Erick's feet is still  resting upon one of the counterpieces to explain  how he came to be elevated into the picture.  He rode up upon the moving counterpiece.  Christine is fighting him hysterically. He takes  her bodily in his arms. The drape is partially  folded about her.
22) 50) text: CLOSE UP ERICK & CHRISTINE.  FAINT GREEN
22) 51) text: As Christine struggles and screams, Erick's  skeleton hand closes over her mouth. When her  horrified eyes catch sight of Erick's face  close to hers, she partially swoons but does not entirely lose consciousness. (This screaming is employed to key the scene down so that it can again be keyed up when Christine enters Erick's abode.)  There must be this transition here, because if Christine continues to oppose Erick, she would not sit willingly upon the white stallion nor row quietly in his arms in the boat.
22) 52) text: A LONGER SHOT. FAINT GREEN. Christine in his arms, Erick sweeps over the   improvised runway with her and exits to the left. The long drape is floating after them.
22) 55) text: Erick swoops in on the bridge from the right,  carrying Christine, the drape floating behind them. Christine is pliable in his arms, half in a swoon. Christine is reluctant. Erick exits with her to the left. The scene changes by employ- ing a traveling iris. As one picture irises out of one corner, the next simultaneously irises in another.  Thus there is not an instant of blank screen.  These irises should always travel in the direction of the action. (It is suggested that in each of these lapses, the fade-outs  be taken three ways, by lap dissolving, fading  and the moving iris.) INT. CELLAR BLANK CORRIDOR.   FAINT GREEN.  MOVING IRIS IN
22) 56) text: Caesar, the great white stallion is tethered here and beside him upon the floor is a lantern. With a gliding motion, Erick, Christine in his arms, moves to the horse. As he lifts her upon the horse's back, Christine mildly resists, but fixes herself upon the horse, and remains there.  Erick takes up the lantern and leads the horse out, the long drape making a picture.
22) 58) text: A distorted shadow of Christine upon the horse and Erick leading it. While the horse and Erick are walking the shadow does not move off the screen. The shadow stays in one spot.
22) 64) text: This shows diagonal runways leading from one  cellar to another. Erick leading the horse  carrying Christine, is in the middle cellar  of the three.  He leads the horse around the  turn and starts down the runway toward the  bottom cellar.  MOVING IRIS OUT.
22) 68) text: Erick enters leading horse. This is all in b.g. He places the light in the boat, takes Christine in his arms and as he does so, the horse exits as  if by habit. Erick steps into the boat with Christine and the drape. With his free hand, he takes a long pole and gives the boat one shove. He  glides toward the camera into the darkness, the  drape floating upon the water in its wake.
22) 70) text: This is the big lake shot. This shoots from the  light into the darkness. The boat glides in from  the darkness, the figure in it motionless. The  boat glides up to two or three stone steps before  a deep stone casemented door in the masonry on  the left. The boat comes to a stop before the  steps. Erick pulls a ring attached to a heavy  chain, hanging from a hole in the masonry. The heavy door swings open and Erick and Christine is lying in his arms as a flood of dazzling light shows she is in his arms limply and without any  movement of resistance. She is like one in a dream or  stupor. Erick carries her from the boat through  the door.
22) 80) text: Erick enters carrying Christine. He crosses the room to the high couch and gently places her upon it. He then returns to the door and closes it. Christine's stupor is giving way to astonishment and bewilderment. She begins to look at the strange room when Erick returns to her. She still is not sufficiently recovered from her stupor to be startled and shocked by Erick's approach. He observes her for an instant with folded arms in an attitude of humility.
22) 81) text: MED. CLOSE UP ERICK & CHRISTINE   AMBER Slowly Erick sinks to his knees upon a footstool.  He is most abject and humble.  He touches the  fold of her dress. He presses it to his breast  and then to his lips. Christine is watching him as one hypnotized.  Then she screams a sudden and terrified scream. She springs from the couch.
22) 84) text: In the center of the room Christine hesitates,  then wildly runs out through the door leading  to Erick's bed chamber. Without haste and in  humility, he moves after her.
22) 87) text: The walls and the low ceiling are hung in black.  In the middle of the room there is a canopy from which hangs curtains of red brocaded stuff.  Under this canopy there is an open coffin, an elaborate affair lined with wuffed silk.  It is fantastic but must look like a coffin - the lid is open.  When Christine enters the coffin is not seen.  She enters and stands frozen to the spot. Her  wildness gives way to a dumb terror. The  camera pans revealing the coffin and the canopy,  but keeping Christine in the scene.  Erick enters to her side in a quiet humble way.  Indicating  the coffin, he tells her in a matter-of-fact way:
22) 93) text: MED. CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AND ERICK. AMBER The shot cuts out the coffin. Christine's  terrified eyes are now fastened intently upon  Erick's face. The thought that has forced itself upon her, is a revelation to her. She  cries at him with loathing:
22) 97) text: BACK: Erick ignores this. He indicates toward  the coffin, "This is not a pleasant sight for you.  You had better go into the next room."  Christine here begins a transition. From the  positive, assuming attitude, one of hopelessness  and fear begins to envelope her. She begins  to tremble and without removing her eyes from  his face, backs into the drawing room.
22) 99) text: Christine enters from Erick's bed chamber to the center of the room. She is now a pathetic,  helpless little figure, hopeless, without under- standing of what is to happen to her and trembling  with fear.  Erick enters from his bedchamber and  goes to her with a humble stoop of the shoulders.  He stands before her an instant in an abject attitude.
22) 111) text: BACK: Christine is stunned by this knowledge for she recognizes the voice. She says angrily though frightened:
22) 123) text: Christine is terrified...she becomes hysterical  and sinking to her knees, pleads with him to  release her - to take her home.  Instead, Erik  gazes at her with folded arms and he says with tragic sadness:
22) 128) text: BACK: There is a movement of Christine's eyes, something to indicate terrible suspense...He  continues the title, humbly:
22) 132) text: BACK: Christine's hands go to her temples. She totters an instant - then swoons. As she falls, he catches her in his arms and allows her to  sink gently to the floor. He kneels beside her  and sways and moans and beats his chest and  groveling, he kisses the hem of her garment.  Slowly then Christine regains consciousness. She is at first terrified; then as he sees the  tragic outpouring of a sublime love, she can only  feel pity for the strange creature who weeps and  beats his breast. When Erik sees she is  conscious, he seizes her hands and covers them  with burning kisses. Christine draws away and says:
22) 144) text: INT. ERIK'S DRAWING ROOM. Christine sinks back with a hopeless sigh and  offers no resistance, when he tenderly picks her up in his arms.
22) 146) text: Erik takes Christine in his arms and carries  her into her bedroom.
22) 148) text: INT CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM...AMBER
22) 149) text: The room is dimly lighted and all that is seen is the dim outline of a bed and a door. This is an extraordinary bed, a something dramatic, something that does not exist. Erik enters with Christine and places her gently upon the bed. He stands for an instant in the doorway in silhouette and  looks at her, then exits and closes the door.  Christine arises to a sitting position.
22) 150) text: C.V. OF CHRISTINE.
22) 206) text: INT. ERICK'S MUSIC ROOM AMBER Erick is sitting at the organ in half silhouette,  playing the organ. There must be something weird  and wild in the picture. Perhaps some of the objects  surrounding him can lend to the effect. INT. CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM ....AMBER
22) 207) text: Christine is calm, hypnotized by the powerful music  she is hearing. She is marveling at the genius of this  man and is touched by his music.
22) 213) text: BACK: PRIZMA - Fascinated by the music, Christine opens the door and steps out into the drawing room.
22) 216) text: Upon the organ side rack is another thick manuscript  open. This is entitled "Don Juan Triumphant"  Upon the organ is a violin. Erick is seated upon an  elevated bench so that when Christine enters he will  be about as high as she is. Christine enters back  of Erick and stands spellbound in wonderment at the  music and at the man's genius. Erick senses her  presence there and plays all the more wildly.
22) 219) text: C.V. OF CHRISTINE'S FACE  awed and hypnotized by the fury in the voice and the  music.
22) 229) text: As Erick backs Christine against the wall and  towering over her, he screams:
22) 233) text: BACK: Erick moves closer to Christine as if he is  going to take her in his arms--she throws up her  hands to warn him off. This brings Christine to herself. Somethings has been revealed and it sha- dows the tone of the scene. Up to this moment Chris- tine had been hypnotized by his music. The spell  of the music now dispelled and she begins to look  at the man with curiosity and increasing antagonism--  then as his horrid face comes closer and closer, she  suddenly seizes the mask and tears it from his face-- then repelled against the wall with a scream of terror  and revulsion. Facing Christine is a death's head  that is alive with four black holes for its eyes,  nose and mouth, a skin pallid and yellow--Erick utters a terrible cry of grief, despair and rage, then towers  over her, hissing words and curses upon her.
22) 238) text: Christine shrinks from him and falls, upon her knees.  Erick follows her, towers over her and cries:
22) 242) text: BACK: Christine lifts her arms and begs for mercy.  He grabs her and draws her to him, brutally, twist- ing the dead fingers in her hair.
22) 243) text: CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE  AMBER  His fingers twisting himself in her hair.  She wildly begging for mercy.
22) 254) text: BACK: Christine is so horrified and aghast that, though  she speaks, her words are sobs, heaving sobs. Erick  releases her and goes down at her with his terrible face  contorted with a hideous grin, then he stops,  pulls backward laughing wildly. Her hair is lopsided and streaming over her shoulder. Torn by uncontrolled hysteria, tears, she raises to him appealing and makes two steps forward, upon her knees, begging forgiveness for the terrible thing she has done. He is towering  over her with folded arms, his face slowly loosing his hideous grin and mourning convulsively as the tragedy of his love comes over him. Then he sobs piteously.
22) 261) text: BACK: Erick finishes speech and staggers away off the  scene-- Christine simply collapses in a heap and sobs  out her anguish and despair.
22) 276) dialog: 
22) 278) text: BACK: Raoul turns to his brother and indicates in  triumph that Christine has been found. Philippe  gasps in dismay.
22) 306) text: The grand staircase and the galleries above it present a gorgeous array of funny dress costumes, silks and satins, all sorts of picturesque and  interesting creations. The staircase and galleries  are so filled up with people that it is almost a  jam--Although most of the people are costumed, many are in evening dress and wear opera masks.  It is a scene of noise, laughter and color, gaiety  and emotion. On the left side of the staircase,  where it takes a left angle turn, Raoul is walking.  He is masked in evening dress and wears a black  costume. Christine is presumably on her way down  the left staircase. She is dressed in modest  evening dress and is masked. INTIMATE SHOT OF ANOTHER GROUP...PRIZMA An interesting noisy group.
22) 308) text: He is looking for anyone who might be Christine.  Christine, masked, enters from the staircase behind him and touches him upon the arm.  Her motions are hurried and nervous. He turns upon her and she raises a warn- ing finger to her lips. He understands and follows her up the left staircase.
22) 311) text: Raoul hurries through the crowd following Christine and they exit.  The moment they are out of the picture all of the people begin to look in the direction of the right staircase.  All gaiety and motion slowly dies down. People crane their necks forward in a  hushed way.
22) 345) text: This is the first opening on the left of the second  gallery. There in the gallery all are looking down  at the ghost. Raoul, following Christine, passes through from left to right. Christine looks down  and sees the ghost, then she clutches at Raoul to keep him from looking down on the staircase. They  pass out to the right.
22) 347) text: This is the second opening of the second gallery.  The onlookers are motionless looking down over the  rail. Raoul and Christine enter from the Left.  Raoul's curiosity overcomes Christine's apprehension  although she is pulling at his sleeve. Raoul leans over  the rail and looks down. Christine is terrified that  the Phantom will recognize Raoul with her.
22) 352) text: MED CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE  PRIZMA
22) 353) text: They are at the rail in the center opening in  the second gallery. Christine sees that the Red Death  has seen her and Raoul. Her action shows that there  is fear and excitement. She clutches him by the sleeve and half drags him through the door in the rear which reveals a stairway going upward. 
22) 360) text: This is an overhead corridor. A flight of stairs in the f.g. leads from below. In the b.g. is a single  staircase leading upward. The entrance to the stair  case is a high area, almost into the top of the ceiling  so that the camera while taking in the people looks a  long distance up the stairs. If a person were coming  down these stairs, their lower extremities would be  seen some time before the full figure. In the f.g.  there is a door covered with a portierre. Immediately  beyond this portierre is a full sized mirror. There  is a door and number of other exits. Raoul and  Christine enter from below. She has Raoul by the arm  and almost drags him along. Raoul is extrapolating  with her excitedly - He wants to know what all the  mad rushing about is for.
22) 361) text: Christine has the manner of a hunted person. Hardly  listening to Raoul's excited cry for an explanation  she pauses at the portierres and listens.
22) 362) text: MED CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AND RAOUL  AMBER
22) 368) text: BACK: Raoul is baffled, amazed, impatient for an ex- planation. Christine listens at the portierre, this time with sudden alarm. This time she speaks directly at Raoul.
22) 372) text: A flight of stairs leads into this from below and  another flight leads upward. There are three or  four exits in this set. Christine and Raoul enter  from below. Christine is still pulling at his arm.  He will go no further. He glances down the steps that they have just mounted. SHOOTING DOWN NARROW STAIRWAY
22) 374) text: INT. CORRIDOR #2   AMBER MED CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE
22) 375) text: So this is the sum of Christine's fears. This is an object for Raoul's anger. He moves towards the stair  with a purpose of provoking this phantom and laying hands upon him. Christine is thrown into near  hysterics. She clutches at Raoul's arm. He now has one foot upon the stairs. He is drawing away from  her and in so doing he pulls her to her knees.  Pleading she cries at him.
22) 383) text: This is a Ben Carre set. It is lighted by bars of  moonlight which penetrate through an overhead lattice.  Christine and Raoul silently run through this set.
22) 384) text: EXT AT ENTRANCE ON ROOF...BLUE  Christine and Raoul enter from garret set. Christine is greatly relieved. She breathes in the freedom of  the night air and as she removes her mask Raoul  removes his mask and she tells him:
22) 390) text: The lights of Paris sparkle far below and black birds  of ill omen fly through the sky. Raoul and Christine  enter and sit down at the foot of Apollo's Lyre.
22) 391) text: SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE...BLUE
22) 403) text: Directly above Raoul and Christine is the Red Death  clung to Apollo's Lyre, like an enormous bat, black  birds fly by.
22) 405) text: SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
22) 406) text: Christine gains the courage to continue.  She says brokenly with great terror in  her eyes:
22) 410) text: BACK: Raoul gazes in horror. Christine as she  remembers - then Raoul puts an arm about her to com- fort her and encourage her - she goes on brokenly.
22) 418) text: FADE IN  SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
22) 419) text: Raoul is aghast. Christine's tears have dried up. With  horror she brings her narration to a close with the  words:
22) 425) text: BACK: Christine continues in the sense that she does not understand herself or her emotions. Erick's hold on her is a mystery to herself.
22) 437) text: BACK: Raoul is moody and depressed. He is keeping his eyes averted. Where one might expect to see anger there is none. Raoul is burning up inside with jealousy - guilty jealousy. Christine has been so  engrossed in her terrible story that she has not  understood his attitude. She is shocked now as an  understanding of Raoul's suspicions comes to her.  Her lips tremble and she feels helpless and alone.  She is almost at the point of tears. She tries to get  his eyes but he averts them. She touches him upon  the arm and speaks with appeal:
22) 454) text: A LONGER SHOT  Raoul releases Christine from his passionate embrace  then they exit in the direction from which they came.
22) 480) text: QUICK FADE IN  INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 481) text: Christine is packing her effects and Raoul helps.  He pauses to put his arm about her and kiss her.
22) 483) text: As the Red Death enters followed by the soldiers. With a mocking smile, the Red Death points to  Christine's room, then as the soldiers move in that direction he laughs a fiendish laugh. INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM  Raoul holding Christine close to him and telling her  of his love. Then the door bursts open and the soldiers  enter. Raoul releases Christine who gasps in dismay.
22) 487) text: He says the end of line as Raoul realizes what it means and his shoulders droop in hopelessness. Christine  clings to him in terror and begs to know what it  means. He comforts her and tells her:
22) 493) text: BACK: Christine gasps in horror and anguish and starts to cry. Raoul pets her with tenderness.
22) 494) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 495) text: The rough sergeant who has no sentiment taps Raoul on the shoulder and indicates for him to come.  Raoul frowns darkly then releasing Christine and  kissing her on the forehead gently disengaging her and moves into the center of the military police.
22) 497) text: CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE
22) 505) text: He looks towards Christine with a happy smile and throws her a kiss. INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM  As the sergeant gives a crisp military command and  the military police march Raoul away leaving Christine  on her couch sobbing as if her heart would break.
22) 508) text: Discovered Raoul sitting on a cot. He is in  the depth of despondency and filled with all  sorts of worries and fears. Outside his cell  paces a guard. He frets over his hopeless position.  Then a guard arrives in the corridor outside with  Philippe and the latter is admitted to Raoul's cell. The two brothers face each other coldly then Raoul arises and turning his back on his brother looks  out of the window of his cell. Philippe's face  softens and turning he shows he loves his brother  devotedly and is sincere in what he has done to thwart Raoul's love affair with Christine. He pulls an  official document from his pocket and coughing  nervously says:
22) 545) text: As Philippe and Raoul are seated. Raoul is very nervous and excited and Philippe watches him  closely. INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 546) text: Christine is nearly dressed for the part of Mar- guerite, a maid is assisting her--she is listless  and sad because Raoul been taken from her.
22) 549) text: The Phantom is looking into Christine's dressing room  thru the trick mirror. Christine can be seen with her  maid dressing her-- the Phantom grins with satisfaction.  Suddenly Christine and the maid start and look toward  the door, then the maid exits from the scene.
22) 550) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S ROOM
22) 551) text: The maid has the door open and receives from the  usher Raoul's note- she closes the door and carries  the message to Christine.
22) 559) dialog: 
22) 568) text: As the phantom with a grave face sees the effect of  the note on Christine, he suspects that it is  from Raoul and is furious- as he watches Christine  look about for a place to hide the note and he smiles  with satisfaction as he sees her hide it in one of  her slippers. Which she shoves under the couch
22) 569) text: INT DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR AMBER CLOSE UP CALL BOY AT CHRISTINE'S DOOR
22) 572) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM  As Christine gives her face a final powdering and  exits with her maid.
22) 575) text: As Christine and maid come out of dressing room and  move toward corridor.
22) 577) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 590) text: The curtain is up and the second act is in progress.  It is the country fair scene. Upon the stage are  Faust, Mephistopheles, Wagner and his fellow students,  Seibel, soldiers, maidens and matrons. Faust, Meph- istopheles and Seibel are waiting to catch sight of Marguerite as she returns from church. In the wings are the scene shifters - ballet girls, and attendants  of the opera. However, all this is only general back- ground. Christine appears ready for her entrance. INT. LIGHT CONTROL ROOM  AMBER
22) 592) text: STAGE FROM AUDIENCE  As Christine makes her entrance.
22) 594) text: INT RAOUL'S BOX As Raoul sighs deeply at the sight of Christine  and leans forward watching her hungrily.  Philippe seems more human and sympathetic.
22) 606) text: MED CLOSE UP CHRISTINE  AMBER
22) 609) text: This is the longest shot that has been taken without showing the chandelier. The action on the stage is followed for an instant and then the house is plunged into darkness. This is held for 20 feet so that the proper period of darkness can be timed in the cutting. The house is again illuminated and Christine has  disappeared from the stage. All upon the stage  are bewildered, confused.
22) 648) text: Attendants of the opera and a gathering of ballet  girls are discovered excitedly discussing the  mysterious happening. Some are looking into  Christine's dressing room with awed curiosity.  Raoul enters from the direction of the stage and  like a madman hurries toward Christine's dressing  room. As he nears the door those who are peering  into the room fall back. An instant before Raoul  exits into the room the Persian enters to corridor  from cellar. He catches sight of Raoul and glides  swiftly after him.
22) 650) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM AMBER
22) 681) text: Raoul can stand no more - his fears for Christine's safety have become a frenzy - he pleads for the  Persian to help him do something - the Persian  surveys him calmly, then he drops to his knees and begins feeling along the baseboard for the  hidden control of the trick mirror.
22) 685) text: INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM   AMBER The Persian is now standing upon a stool and  is running his fingers along the picture molding.  He indicates to Raoul that he has found what he  is looking for. He pulls at the molding and a section of it comes out, lever-like, revealing a steel draw bar behind it. The Persian jumps from the stool, grasps Raoul by the arm and moves him to the position in front of the  mirror. This shot is taken as at a different angle than  the mirror shot in which Christine disappeared so that  the audience will be let in on the trick nature of the  contrivance. The mirror opens and Raoul and the Persian  pass through it - that instant Philippe enters to catch a fleeting glimpse of Raoul as he vanishes thru the  mirror and it closes after him-- he hurries forward in dismay and feels the glass.
22) 694) text: INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 698) text: The Persian and Raoul holding their right hands pass over bridge into the same direction that Erick carried Christine. INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 703) text: The mystery is now upon Raoul as it was upon Christine. He would like to help but he senses his total helplessness. Raoul drops his hand. The Persian  turns on him and tells him in a startled way:
22) 717) text: INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 728) text: MED CLOSE UP ERICK (FULL FIGURE) AND CHRISTINE
22) 735) text: ANOTHER MEDIUM CLOSE UP ERICK AND CHRISTINE.  AMBER Erick kneels and appeals to her:
22) 742) text: BACK: Christine cowers away from him like a broken  spirited animal as far away as the couch will allow.  His mood changes again - he rises in a rage - He is  infuriated at himself and his position.
22) 751) text: BACK: Erick continues to violently bemoan his  fate and threaten Christine.
22) 774) text: INT ERICK'S LIVING ROOM...AMBER  C.V. CHRISTINE
22) 775) text: standing upon second step of stair at back of couch leading to the screen which connects with torture chamber. This screen is concealed by a drape. It is  of heavy material closely woven from wire and locked with a fancy weird sort of padlock. Erick is standing below Christine, Erick is making love to  her, in his way, and Christine is flattened against the wall crying hysterically. Erick is not touching her but close to and below her he tells her:
22) 781) text: Christine runs to a position before the center  pillar and sobbing, hides her face against the pillar.  Erick goes to her dejectedly and appeals to her.
22) 786) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE ... AMBER
22) 791) text: Christine looks up terribly startled at a resounding  clang. Erick too is startled into a dramatic tension.
22) 794) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AND ERICK.  AMBER
22) 795) text: Erick, realizes that opposition is now at hand and a satanic smile overspreads his horrible face,  mockingly he tells Christine:
22) 801) text: BACK: Christine's first reaction is one of relief. Help is at hand. Then almost instantly she is thrown into anguish. Her lips form the name "Raoul"  Erick studies her for an instant and then moves out. Swiftly.
22) 803) text: The arm is rhythmically falling upon the chime.  Erick moves to a beautiful throw hanging over the  back of a chair, sweeps it off. Swiftly he begins  to bind Christine to the center pillar. MED CLOSE UP ERICK AND CHRISTINE...AMBER
22) 804) text: She offers no resistance. The throw passes around  Christine's waist and is tied on the side of the pillar  opposite Christine. Erick tells her hurriedly:
22) 818) text: Raoul and the Persian are listening to make sure  that Erick has gone, then, before the Persian can  stop him, Raoul cries out "Christine! Christine!  It is I, Raoul!"
22) 820) text: INT ERICK'S LIVING ROOM...AMBER CLOSE UP CHRISTINE LASHED TO THE CENTER PILLAR  Christine hears Raoul's agonized cry, answers it  and gives away to fear for Raoul. INT TORTURE CHAMBER...FAINT GREEN.
22) 821) text: Raoul is crying out - wild inarticulate things  to Christine - The Persian grasps him by the  wrist and sternly indicates for him to keep  quiet. The Persian addresses himself toward  the overhead window:
22) 827) text: INT RICK'S LIVING ROOM...AMBER  A shot of Christine taking in the drape at the head of the little stairs behind the couch.  Christine hears this title and fires her gaze  upon the drape. She cries out that she is bound  and begins to struggle with her bonds.
22) 830) text: INT. ERICK'S LIVING ROOM...MED CU CHRISTINE
22) 834) text: Christine flies across the room and runs up the few steps to the door to the torture chamber.
22) 835) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE BEFORE DOOR...AMBER  Christine parts the drapes and tries to look through the heavy mesh, but evidently can see nothing. She shakes the door and registers that it is locked. She cries out in distress to the men in  the torture chamber that the door is locked.
22) 837) text: The Persian is listening to Christine intently.  At the same time he is forcing Raoul to be quiet.  The Persian tells Christine:
22) 842) text: INT ERICK'S LIVING ROOM AMBER  This is a shot taking in the entrance door. Christine is before the door to the torture chamber, and the sounding device rhythmically beating. Christine runs down the steps and approaches the entrance door, looking for the chamois bag. This bag is not in plain view, so that she cannot locate it at a glance.
22) 846) text: Christine is looking at the sounding device.  With dread anticipation she senses that Erick  is returning. She flies back to the center  pillar and slips under the throw. She is now  apparently in the position that Erick left her.  From this moment Christine begins to act a  double role. She is now matching her wits against  Erick's...Above all things she must keep Raoul's  presence in the torture chamber from Erick.
22) 847) text: The entrance door opens and Erick enters  dripping wet. He closes the door goes to  Christine and tells her sardonically:
22) 853) text: Christine is looking at the sounding device  with dread anticipation - it is still. Her fear  is just as apparent as her pretense. She does not  fail to notice his wet clothes and the mystery  behind his absence. Erick now drops his sardonic  mood which caused the last title. As he releases her  he tells her:
22) 859) text: BACK: From this point, Erick seems to forget Christine's  presence, so absorbed is he in his new purpose. Erick  turns away from her toward the organ and Christine registers her involved complexity, fear that Erick  may discover her intention, eagerness to possess the  chamois bag.
22) 862) text: Erick sits down at the organ and begins to play  seeming almost wholly to have forgotten Christine. She works her way toward the entrance door and when Erick does glance her way, she pauses and  pretends that she is listening.
22) 863) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AT ENTRANCE DOOR  AMBER
22) 864) text: Christine discovers the chamois bag partly concealed  behind a drape, up in a little recess. She is at  a high tension, she gives Erick a frightened look,  then snatches the little bag from its hiding place.  Instantly she looks back at Erick in terror.
22) 866) text: Erick has stopped playing and is looking at Christine in an attitude of alarm. He rises and swiftly strides  to her. In an hysterical way she tries to conceal the  bag.
22) 868) text: MED CLOSE UP CHRISTINE & ERICK He cries at her in anger:
22) 877) text: INT ERICK'S LIVING ROOM  AMBER  MED CLOSE UP ERICK AND CHRISTINE
22) 878) text: Erick is listening. He has heard Raoul's cry of rage.  He now understands why Christine wanted the keys.  He also knows that only for Raoul would Christine  do as she has. From this moment Erick becomes cruel and Christine combats him on the verge of hysterics.  He asks her in a quiet but very dangerous manner:
22) 892) text: Erick is now coming down the steps leading to the screened opening. Christine senses that Erick   has put into effect some of his cruel mechanisms.  She is becoming frantic in her attempt to carry  on her acting. Her composure is palpably nervous  and forced. Erick pantomimes for her to go up  and look thru the screen. She moves mechanically  up the steps. Her attitude is entirely false to him. In a mechanical way she parts the drapes concealing  the opening. A strong light is apparent back of  screen.
22) 893) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE  AMBER
22) 899) text: Christine comes down the steps, trying to affect  an air of being nonchalant. Erick steps up to her  and takes her by the wrist, asking her:
22) 922) text: Christine is in the position now that one false  step will cause Raoul's death. If Erick makes love  to her she cannot tell him flatly "No"  Therefore she continues her acting, depending upon  evasions. At the same time she is in trembling  and fear for Raoul. What is being done to him?  Erick is frenzied and insistent. Christine is hard  pressed. He follows her into a corner and is telling  her with frenzied pain:
22) 928) text: MED CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AND ERICK  AMBER
22) 929) text: Christine pleads with him, "Don't talk like  that." Then she runs her hand across her  brow and tells him evasively:
22) 942) text: Christine is frantic. She is listening to Raoul's  agonized cries. She is beside herself. She moans  and clutches at his cloak, crying, "What are you  doing to him! What are you doing to him!" With a  sweeping motion Erick points to the screened opening  indicating, "Go and see!"  Christine runs up the  steps - draws aside the drapes and looks through the  screen.
22) 947) text: Christine is looking through the screen. She turns  upon Erick, maddened. She runs down the steps to him. She first reviles him - then hysterically appeals to him. He grasps her by the wrist with such unconscious force that it brings her to her knees. He cries  at her:
22) 970) text: Erick is still in the midst of his terrible scene with  Christine. He is thundering at her. "Tell me that you  love me!"  Christine is groggy - she has the intention  of telling Erick, "Take me!" but her emotions have exhausted her. She is almost out of her mind. Her eyes are wild and she sways groggily, staggers to the  couch and sinks down upon it. Erick bends over her in an ecstasy. He bends within a short distance of her white face and tells her: "You are as beautiful as if you were dead!" Erick continues along the same line.
22) 975) text: A shot including screened opening. Erick is bending  over Christine declaiming, bemoaning her beauty.  This scene is instantly broken when Erick hears the  Persian's cry of exultation. He is thrown out of his  wild ecstatic mood and moves swiftly up the steps, draws back the drape and looks through the screened  opening.
22) 995) text: BACK: This singing revives Christine - she gathers her scattered senses, and shrinks from Erick as if he  were crazy. He strides up and down the room singing  his strange song.
22) 1012) text: Erick is striding down the room toward the camera singing in his demoniacal manner, "Barrels, Barrels  Any Barrels to sell?"  Christine has risen from the couch and is crouching against the wall. She believes  Erick has turned maniac. Erick stops singing, turns  and takes a step toward her. There is a lightning  transition in his manner. Pointing at her, he hurls  the final threat:
22) 1022) text: Erick continues in his mad wild ecstasy. Without waiting for Christine's reply - he grabs her by the wrist and drags her across the room to a Spanish  chest on the left.
22) 1024) text: MED CLOSE UP ERICK AND CHRISTINE  AMBER From his chamois bag he takes a key and unlocks the chest. He opens the chest revealing the  following contrivance:
22) 1025) text: Upon a piece of plate glass are two objects - a grass  hopper and a scorpion, both made of Japanese bronze.   From each of these objects a rod runs downward out of sight. Coming up thru the glass is a liquid, watery light effect. Coming up thru the glass is light. Christine feels an unaccountable dread at the sight  of the little bronze objects. Erick tells her:
22) 1031) text: BACK: With this he swings into the music room, sits  down at the organ and begins to play wildly,  a skeleton gone mad. Christine stands in terror,  fascinated by the scorpion and the grasshopper.
22) 1033) text: This is Roi de Lahore set. The mob is sweeping  down the circular staircase. Florine very much frightened - is talking, telling where the body of Buquet was hanging and where he saw the move-  ment in the dark opening - some of the mob runs out toward the spot of the hanging while others begin to break down the door in the dark opening. Simon herds the men out toward the camera. These  cellar scenes are wild and rapid and are not held up by individuals, closeups, business, so that the effect will be the that of the menace sweeping downward like a great wave. CLOSE VIEW CHRISTINE BENDING OVER CABINET
22) 1035) text: INT BOTTOM CELLAR FAINT GREEN RAOUL & PERSIAN  Raoul hears her calling him, senses her agony, pounds  at the trap and cries: "Christine! Christine!"
22) 1037) text: INT ERICK'S DRAWING ROOM  AMBER  This is a long shot showing Erick playing madly upon  the organ and Christine struggling with herself.
22) 1038) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AMBER. Almost out of her head, Christine places her fingers upon the scorpion. INT BOTTOM CELLAR  FAINT GREEN CLOSE UP RAOUL AND THE PERSIAN UNDER TRAP
22) 1043) text: INT ERICK'S DRAWING ROOM  AMBER  C.V. CHRISTINE
22) 1044) text: As she jerks her hand away from the scorpion as if it  had stung her. Christine's indecision and agony  leave her. It is as if her mind suddenly cleared. She becomes very calm. It is here that she makes her her decision that she will become Erick's wife. She is in the spirit of a nun taking her final orders that will forever remove her from society. With quiet delib- ration she turns toward Erick.
22) 1047) text: Erick is playing wildly upon the organ. But this  is held only for a few feet. Erick senses the change  of atmosphere, stops playing, turns toward Christine  and rises. This places him at the top of the two steps  between the two rooms. Christine walks toward him,  quietly and with deliberation and pauses at the bot- tom of the steps.
22) 1049) text: MED CLOSE UP ERICK AND CHRISTINE  AMBER
22) 1050) text: Christine gazes up at him earnestly and the picture  is held for an instant. Erick realizes that the  final moment is at hand and there is a sense of  terror in his manner. She asks him in a trembling voice: 
22) 1058) text: A LONGER SHOT  AMBER Erick walks toward her - a man crushed. Christine  in this instant has become his master. Christine  turns calmly to meet him.
22) 1070) text: INT ERICK'S DRAWING ROOM  CU ERICK & CHRISTINE
22) 1071) text: Erick is standing before her trembling from head to  feet. There is a resigned serenity about Christine.  She has sacrificed herself to save Raoul. INT CELLAR  CROSS SECTIONAL SHOT  AMBER
22) 1075) text: Erick is discovered as he was left, cringing before Christine, afraid. She lays a hand upon his shoulder  and reminds him of those whose cries for help  both can hear. Like a dog, Erick obeys her. He throws back a rug, revealing a trap door. This he throws open. Raoul and the Persian are discovered, half drowned in the water which has risen to within a few inches of the floor. The two men are so far gone that they are in do condition to engage Erick in battle.  Erick, aided by Christine, drags both of the men out  of the water. The trap is left open.
22) 1077) text: Raoul is still alive and conscious. He is saved.  Christine is calm and very sad. Erick steps back and tells the two men:
22) 1081) text: BACK: Raoul's eyes, dread and questioning, are upon Christine. Very quietly and sadly, she indicates  "Yes, it is true." Slowly the arm of the sounding  device rises, unseen by those in the picture and  falls with a clang. All are checked at this un-  suspected interruption. The arm continues falling.  INT ON LAKE  #1  AMBER The water has receded almost two feet. The action in these scenes is swift. Simon and Florine are standing on the spot where Philippe was strangled. Simon is beckoning the mob toward him. The first of  the mob is running down a runway thru a distant  arch. Spears and weapons are flourishing, torches flaring. As the first of the mob reaches the boat landing, the rest of the mob continues to bank up the background. A CLOSE SHOT OF FLORINE  AMBER The mob is behind him and no one is paying the least  attention to him. Simon is doing all of the talking.  Florine indicates "Follow me" Florine plants the  idea that he is going to jump into the water about  three feet deep. Florine jumps and lights stiff  legged in the water about six inches deep. (The  audience will think that he is going right out of  sight) Florine shows quick surprise "This is easy."  He beckons to the others, "Come in" - takes a step and disappears, shoots straight out of sight. Without any attempt to save himself. Still no one pays any  attention to his disappearance.
22) 1088) text: Raoul and the Persian are still upon the floor,  but are rapidly regaining their strength. Christine  is in misery, half in tears, explaining to him that  someday he will understand. Erick swiftly enters  from Christine's bedroom carrying a cloak. Erick  throws the cloak over her shoulders. He indicates  for Christine to come. She does not wish to but  she is willing to live up to her promise. She allows Erick to sweep her out of the room into his bedroom.  This is all very flat. Raoul is very weak but he will  fight for Christine. Raoul staggers to his feet.
22) 1094) text: The action here is swift. Erick jerks down one  of the black velvet drapes in the f.g. revealing  a door and a staircase leading upwards. The drape  that Erick jerks partly falls obliquely across  the coffin. The coffin is hidden from the entrance  view but not from the camera view. The moment the  door is opened, a draft comes down the stairs  corridor and causes all of the draperies in the  room to shimmer. Erick softly leads Christine up  these stairs closing the door after him. Raoul  drags himself in and reels towards the door.
22) 1105) text: This is played very swift and is made as short as  possible. Christine and Erick enter through the dark  opening, the door to which has now been battered down,  like two swiftly moving shadows. Erick sweeps her  along. They pass across the set and exit to the right.  The set is lighted by torches of the approaching  mob. The moment that Erick and Christine are out,  the mob enters from the left, Simon and Raoul in  evidence, and exit on the run up the circular stair case. Another section of the mob continues to enter  thus making it impossible for Erick to return.
22) 1108) text: INT HEADLESS STATUE SET...AMBER Erick and Christine come in from camera. Erick  takes a step toward stairs leading below. He  hears the mob coming up circular stairs. Sweeps Christine to the right.
22) 1109) text: INT DRAGON SET  AMBER Erick sweeps in with Christine - comes to a sudden stop looking to the right.
22) 1115) text: An instant before the mob enters from right and left.  Erick sweeps Christine through the mouth of the  dragon and out of sight. The mob rushes in from both  directions. Simon yells some directions and runs  out the right with Raoul and some others. Those of  the mob remaining pull the dragon apart. (It is  built in two sections) revealing a closed, barred  door. They begin to batter down this door.
22) 1118) text: The time is four o'clock. It is in the grey haze before sunrise. In the following scenes such street activities are shown must conform with the hour. The coachman upon the traveling barouche is asleep upon the driver's seat. Other than the coachman  the street is deserted. Erick enters from the opera house, through hitherto non-conspicuous little door that bears evidence of little use.  He is holding Christine by the arm. He gives a  swift glance around and swiftly moves with Christine toward the barouche. At this moment the mob begins pouring in from the stage in the entrance. As the coach is the only object in the picture, it instantly attracts their attention. They point.
22) 1122) text: This shouting awakens the coachman. Erick is in  the act of helping Christine into the barouche.  The mob is chasing them. The coachman begins to  remonstrate with Erick. Christine inside. Erick slams the door. The mob is almost on them. Erick jerks the coachman from the seat to the pavement,  then springs into the coachman's seat.
22) 1143) text: Erik is scrambling out of the overturned barouche -  as he starts to help Christine out, he turns and sees the mob coming. He flees up the street -- the mob rush in from behind camera in close pursuit.
22) 1145) text: As Christine still dazed, climbs out of the  wreck - she looks off scene in horror as she sees: