6) 53) text: Discovered Capt. Raoul de Chagny, wearing a dress  uniform of the French army.  He has a beautiful  girl beside him and across from them are seated the  Vicomte Philippe, Raoul's brother and the Comtess, his wife.  It is easy to see that Raoul is the life of the party and that his brother is proud of him-- also that the girl beside him is smitten on him.
6) 59) text: C.V. OF RAOUL  
6) 61) text: SEMI C.V. RAOUL - and his companion, the beautiful girl.
6) 70) text: As Raoul's hand searches and finds Marie's hand  giving it a squeeze - the way she starts indicates how she is thrilled.
6) 92) text: Raoul is still playing up to Marie and she is simply  wild about him--then Philippe produces his watch  and says with a start:
6) 96) text: BACK: This brings Raoul and Marie back to earth - he  springs up to help Marie into her wrap and Philippe  does likewise for his wife- then the party moves  out toward the boulevard.
6) 98) text: As a footman calls for a carriage - Raoul and party  as they get in and are driven off. BACK STAGE. LONG SHOT Showing that the set for the first act is almost ready.
8) 12) text: Philippe, the Comtess, Raoul and Marie are just being seated. Raoul always extending himself to be attentive to Marie.
9) 165) text: Raoul is paying but little attention to the opera - he is toying with Marie's stray curl.
9) 202) text: This is located in the rear of the stage.  The richness of this room is executed principally  upon glass. It is a place of reunion between the  ballet girls and their admirers. In special prom- inence are the dancers' practicing bars. They hold  to those bars while standing upon their toes or  place one ankle upon the bar while they stand upon  one toe and while they are doing these things  they are talking to their admirers. This is a gen- eral entrance scene of the ballet girls and thirty  or more young and old Parisian dandies, patrons of  the opera, who are allowed in the foyer de dance  during the intermissions. It is a picture of pink  tights, fluffy lace skirts and Parisian dandies.  There is a flirting air of lightness, merriment  and laughter about. Some are practicing their  steps, others are flirting. Capt. Raoul is notice- able, carrying on a familiar conversation with  La Sorelli, the ballet queen. SEMI C.V. LA SORELLI AND RAOUL
9) 203) text: Raoul is kidding her along and it is noticeable  that she is fascinated by his personality. Several  of the dandies we saw previously in her dressing  room come up and seek to draw her attention but  she pays them no heed and they are greatly ex- asperated.
9) 208) text: SEMI C.V. OF SORELLI AND RAOUL.
9) 209) text: Raoul suddenly looks at his watch - is startled - indicates he must get back to his box - he leans  close and whispers something in her ear with a  devilish smile on his face. Her eyes light up with  delight - she nods her head in the affirmative - he exits laughing, she waving after him.
9) 212) text: As Raoul enters still laughing to himself, he  chances to look at a big mirror and stops aghast  as he sees:
9) 214) text: C.V. RAOUL BY BIG MIRROR.
9) 215) text: In the mirror's reflection can be seen Christine  Daae standing in entrance to dressing room corridor - Raoul gasps and whirls around.
9) 218) text: As she suddenly sees Raoul off scene and her eyes  dilate in amazement.
9) 220) text: C.V. OF RAOUL.
9) 222) text: As Raoul starts toward Christine, she turns and  flees - and as he gets near the door, he is  suddenly blocked for the whole ballet comes  tearing out for their places - he is compelled to  wait.
9) 228) text: As few last of ballet hurry past camera - then  Raoul hurries in from behind camera and looks madly about - he runs to the cross corridor where he looks up and down.
9) 229) text: C.V. OF RAOUL
9) 234) text: As Raoul opens door and enters from the stage -  he wears a grim look and he enters the box.
9) 236) text: As Raoul returns - Philippe and the Comtess glower  at him and Marie playfully scolds him - Raoul is  too filled with emotion to pay her any attention.  She is amazed at his sudden indifference.
9) 239) text: Raoul will not look at Marie - he keeps looking  at Philippe becoming more angry every minute - then  arising he moves to the door to ante-room and  motions for Philippe to follow. Philippe does so  in wonder at Raoul's strange behavior.
9) 242) text: As Raoul and Philippe come out of box and into f.g. - here Raoul faces his brother angrily and he says:
9) 255) text: BACK: Raoul's eyes light up with a dangerous light - Philippe sees this and shrugging his shoulders, goes back into the box. Raoul hesitates for a second, to cool down, then follows.
9) 257) text: As Philippe seats himself and Raoul does likewise - Marie sensing some sort of trouble places her  hand over Raoul's in sympathy - he gives her a mean  look - she withdraws her hand gasping in amazement.
15) 41) text: The Comtess and Marie are cowering against Philippe.  Raoul is standing with his hands clutching the box  rail, looking at the scene of panic in the orchestra.  He is excited and horrified. He looks toward the  stage and sees:
15) 46) text: Raoul is anxious for Christine's safety.  He  runs to go out of the box toward the corridor.  Philippe bars his way knowing what he has in  mind -- demanding that he remain. A dangerous  light gleams in Raoul's eyes. He tosses his  brother aside and exits. The women gasp  and Philippe is furious and aghast.
16) 1) text: The corridor is a wild jam of people moving in  a panic and in excitement toward the front of the house. Raoul enters from the ante-room door and starts in the opposite direction. He  has to fight his way against the onrush in  the opposite direction.
17) 8) text: There is another panic going on. Stage hands, principals and ballet corps are in a mad rush  to get out, knocking over scenery and props. Sud- denly Raoul appears...fighting his way and  looking extremely anxiously for Christine. His  clothing is nearly torn from his body.  He fights  his way to the dressing room corridor.
18) 1) text: Attendants, stage hands, ballet girls are  running about and are collected in groups,  excitedly discussing the tragedy. One  group is gathering about Christine who has  fainted. Raoul enters from stage, disheveled  as a result of his battle to get there. As he  comes forward, he sees Christine, and with a  cry, he pushes thru the group and stooping,  lifts her into his arms. Then demanding the  location of her dressing room, he follows,  carrying her after the frightened group.
19) 1) text: As the door opens and Raoul enters carrying  Christine. He deposits her tenderly on her  couch.  Then turns upon the curious group that followed and who would enter, he says:
19) 6) text: As Raoul kneels beside Christine, stroking her  hands and calling upon her to speak to him. He is greatly worried over her condition.
19) 12) text: Raoul seeing Christine is conscious, carries  her hand to his lip. She is thrilled by the  contact.  He pleads earnestly:
19) 18) text: C.V. OF RAOUL
19) 27) text: Christine in her terror, tries to push Raoul  away as she pleads:
19) 33) text: BACK: Raoul gasps in amazement for the moment.  Then the tender look comes back into his eyes.  He believes she is delirious. He captures her  hands and gently forces her back, saying,  pleadingly:
19) 39) text: BACK: Christine blinks curiously, as if dazed and confused....her eyes still show fear.  Raoul bends over to kiss her.
19) 44) text: CLOSE UP AT COUCH. Hearing sounds, Raoul straightens up with a  start and looks toward the door. Then worried and perplexed, gets to his feet.
19) 47) text: As the doctor feels Christine's pulse and  gives Raoul a curious look. Raoul drops his  eyes but remains standing there, a prey to  his confused emotions. The doctor feels  Christine's forehead and then as he is about to open his case, Christine glances up and sees Raoul. At that moment, Raoul looks at her. His eyes plead. Fear returns to Christine's eyes. She touches the doctor's arm and entreats him:
19) 52) text: As Raoul comes out filled with disappointment and anguish. He looks about with unseeing eyes.  Then one of the ballet girls passes. Seeing the  handsome chap in evening clothes, she flirts  boldly, but Raoul doesn't even see her. Then she turns up her nose and exits. As great as  his hurt is, Raoul cannot go even though he  makes several attempts.
20) 12) text: The corridor is now empty except for Raoul. He is  pacing the corridor in agony of mind. Something terrible has happened to Christine. He hears a movement and disappears around the corner of the  corridor just as the physician enters from  Christine's dressing room and exits. Raoul  immediately re-appears and hurries to the dressing room with the intention of waiting for Christine  and getting an explanation of her strange attitude  toward him.
20) 15) text: As Raoul approaches the door, intending to go in  and demand an explanation. However, as his hand  is about to close about the latch, something  halts him. He just stands there in an attitude  of hopelessness and despair.
20) 25) text: Raoul too has heard the music.  He listens with  growing perplexity. Yet he is fascinated.
20) 48) text: Raoul's eyebrows arch with a sudden surprised understanding, having heard a man's voice. He is astonished and curious. He had left the room an instant before and no man except the physician was there. He draws closer to the door and as he continues to hear, he shows more astonishment and bewilderment. Then afire with jealous suspicion, he is about to put his hand on the latch to confront Christine and the unknown man when some- thing he hears halts him. INT. PASSAGEWAY BEHIND MIRROR. The masked man speaks:
20) 54) text: Raoul is wild with jealous rage. He will burst in the door and cause a scene  He draws back to leap at the door. Then his heart sinks.  His  shoulders sag. He turns away and moves down the  corridor. He is in the depths of despair.
20) 57) text: Raoul is in close up as he walks...aprey to jealousy and rage.  As he gets to the cross corridor, a wild idea registers in his expression.  He glances back toward dressing room door. Then  toward shadows. He will watch and see. PAN as  Raoul ducks around corner of corridor.
20) 63) text: At the cross corridor in foreground waits Raoul in a jealous rage as he watches up corridor toward Christine's dressing room. Then he is rewarded for Christine, wrapped in her fur cloak and her  face covered with a veil, comes out of her dressing  room and hurries toward camera.  Raoul ducks back  and watches as Christine passes his place of hiding  without seeing him. She passes corner and he  watches after her. Then filled with a jealous rage,  he darts out and dashes toward her dressing room.
20) 64) text: SEMI C.V. OUTSIDE DRESSING ROOM DOOR. As Raoul dashes up. There is murder in his heart. He draws his sword (for he has been in full military dress) and bursts upon the door.
20) 66) text: A gas light is burning near the closet door. Raoul  rushes into the room.  It is empty. He supposes  that the man is there. He looks under the couch  and sees no one is there. He looks into the closet.  He feels the walls as if they hold some secret.  Then he pauses to think.
20) 68) text: C.V. OF RAOUL.
20) 72) text: As Raoul puts his thoughts into action and rushes out.
20) 75) text: As Raoul runs into the scene from Christine's  dressing room, a solemn procession enters from  the stairs leading to the first cellar.  Two men  are carrying the body of Joseph Buquet upon a  stretcher. Buquet's face is covered with a handker- chief which has been dampened and will cling closely to his face. There are five other stage hands and the procession including Simon and Florine.  Simon leans heavily on two companions-stage hands and  sobs silently. All have their heads down. As  procession comes from the cellar, moves toward the stage, interrupts Raoul's hasty exit and delays him. He slows up his pace and bows his head in the presence of death.
20) 84) text: On the stage door is a sign in French which reads, "Closed for repairs" nearby waits a barouche and in it sits Raoul. A gendarme passes casually, looks at Raoul and moves on.
20) 87) text: Raoul is waiting impatiently and filled with despair. His eyes have a haunted look.
20) 91) text: C.V. IN BAROUCHE Raoul's eyes light up with a start of hope. He hails Lavelle who is off scene and hurries to get out of the barouche. 
20) 94) text: Lavelle has halted and is waiting with a knowing look and somewhat annoyed. Then Raoul enters scene with a hopeful look. He produces a letter and hands it to the other. Lavelle shakes his head in the negative and refuses to take it. Raoul pleads and the other still refuses.  Then Raoul produces money. Lavelle weakens.  Raoul chooses a large note and places it with  the letter, forces it into Lavelle's hand, gives him a smile and a pat and exits. Lavelle  looks after him, still undecided, then he  shrugs his shoulders and pockets the money,  exits.
20) 97) text: As Raoul climbs back in and with a happy smile,  orders driver to drive off. They drive off scene.
20) 142) text: C.V. OF LAVELLE  As he produces Raoul's letter and looks at the  letter with a knowing grin.
20) 145) text: As Mme. Valerius greets Lavelle. The latter  produces Raoul's letter and hands it to the  woman. As he starts to explain about it,  Mme. Valerius places her finger to her lips  quickly to caution him. Then shaking her head  in the negative with a warning expression that  Christine must not know, she quickly hides the  letter in her bodice.
20) 161) text: Two tears roll down Christine's cheeks. The other  swallows hard. She just cannot be cruel. She  pulls the letter from her bodice and pushes it  up with Raoul's letter. As Christine sees it, her  face is transfigured with joy. She seizes it  eagerly. Then is swept into her grandmother's  arms. When the other releases her, Christine  hungrily tears open the envelope and reads:
20) 180) text: As she runs in simply overcome with joy and prepares to answer Raoul's letter.
20) 194) text: Her spirituality and the mystery surrounding her are  brought out.  She sees someone approaching and is  enveloped in a complexity of emotions. She loves Raoul and her eyes twinkle. She fears the meeting and her heart aches, yet she yearns for it and she  runs toward the wall.
20) 196) text: With glad anticipation - Christine runs to the low wall. Raoul runs in and jumps over the wall and starts panting before her.
20) 197) text: MED. CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
20) 204) text: BACK: The bright eagerness dies out of her eyes.  She stands staring at Raoul without replying.  She cannot answer because there is too much to  explain. 'You don't answer' he indicates  unhappily.  Then with an outburst of jealousy  and suspicion, he exclaims:
20) 211) text: C.V. OF RAOUL.
20) 220) text: CLOSE UP RAOUL & CHRISTINE.
20) 221) text: At these words from Raoul, a deathly pallor spreads over Christine's face...she almost faints. Raoul becomes conscious of his odious behavior and seeks  to apologize. Then suddenly her eyes moisten and    two great tears roll down her cheeks. Raoul tries to take her in his arms, but she escapes and flees  in great disorder. Raoul calls after her, then  angry at himself...turns and gazes, gloomily out over the sea.
20) 226) text: Raoul is gazing despondently out to sea when Christine  slips up behind him. She is smiling again. She  touches his shoulder. He turns with a start, then  smiles and captures her hands. He starts to pull  her to him, when she says:
20) 229) text: BACK: Raoul is at once interested. He releases her hands and permits her to tell him of the past. She leads him off scene.
20) 230) text: A LONGER SHOT.  Christine leads Raoul to the little arbor on the right. Both sit down upon the moss covered bench. MED. CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
20) 243) text: SEMI CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE & RAOUL. Raoul is startled and looks at her stupidly, then  incredulously - then suspiciously. Christine does  not observe the reaction in him. She continues  more lightly than before.
20) 252) text: BACK: She cries out at him and her eyes flash.  She is deeply hurt. She thinks that he does not  believe she is an honest girl. Then she leaps to  her feet and runs away. Raoul pursues.
20) 254) text: As Raoul pursues Christine to the Inn door where he grabs and detains her.
20) 257) text: As Raoul tries to placate Christine. He releases  his hold on her arm, whereupon she gives him an  angry look and without replying, enters the Inn door and slams it in his face. Raoul is chagrined and disappointed. He curses the luck  then moves away sadly.
20) 261) text: It is night of the same day. The play of light  and shadow makes a beautiful but depressing scene.  There is a stage background. At first, the heaven is filled with stars. Then as the full moon begins to rise over the horizon, the stars begin  to fade and long shadows creep out into the garden. Raoul is sitting in the little alcove just where  he was left. He is downcast and gloomy. His attention suddenly becomes centered. The door  opens - The door to the Inn and he arises. Slowly the door opens and Christine enters, dressed all in white. Her eyes are fixed and look into space. She  moves like one walking in her sleep. Raoul  who is in foreground, watches Christine exit with  growing suspicion. Then he follows her with  caution.
20) 264) text: This is a country graveyard beside a little church in Brittany and it must be so conceived that it  will seem reasonable to appear it joins the  garden. Skeletons and skulls by the hundreds are  heaped against the wall of the church. The full moon throws its light upon the scene.  Christine enters like a sleeping walker and picks her way amongst the graves. Raoul enters a short distance  behind and follows her at a distance. Christine  finally stops before a grave with a moss covered  headstone and kneels.
20) 270) text: MED. CLOSE UP RAOUL. BLUE.
20) 271) text: He is watching her intently. He feels a tender  pang of sympathy for this lone girl praying at  her father's grave. Suddenly Raoul raises his  head in an attitude of listening. He is puzzled. He can't locate the source of the sound.
20) 280) text: SEMI C.V. OF RAOUL.
20) 285) text: Christine's face is radiant. She turns and winds  her way out of the graveyard and she is in the same  mood that she entered. Raoul's eyes follow Christine  for a second. Then again he begins to search for  the source of the music with his eyes. He  thinks he hears a noise in the direction of the bone  heap and he takes two or three steps in this  direction.
20) 287) text: This is shooting upon Raoul's back with the bone- heap in the near background. Raoul is walking toward the bone heap when he comes to a sudden stop.
20) 293) text: Raoul suddenly draws his sword and advances  toward the wall. As he does so, one skull rolls from the bone heap and topples along the ground to his feet. Then two more tumble toward him in  the same fashion
20) 304) text: As Raoul pursues the moving shadow.
20) 315) text: Raoul gasps and the sword drops from his hand.  The Phantom turns and vanishes inside the church. Raoul stares in dismay and horror.
20) 333) text: He is all alone. Raoul is leaning forward,  watching her as if hypnotized and filled with  strange emotions. There is no doubt but that  he loves her intensely and though thrilled  by her singing, he suffers from the memory  of their parting at Perros.
20) 338) text: As Raoul watches intently, he is suddenly  interrupted by the appearance of an usher who  hands him a card and exits. Raoul's eyes  light up with hope as he looks on the card. 
20) 347) dialog: 
20) 349) text: RAOUL'S fingers turn the card over impatiently,  revealing on the other side, Christine's answer.
20) 353) text: BACK:  Raoul starts in dismay and looks out toward the stage. Then a look of jealous rage fills him.  His jaw set with determination, he arises and  exits from the box.
21) 0) text: As Raoul comes out of his box and exits through door to stage at rear.
22) 1) text: As Raoul enters in a blind, jealous anger. At  that moment the Persian comes by ext of the  cellar. The two almost collide, then stop and  look at each other.
22) 3) text: MED CLOSE UP RAOUL & PERSIAN  AMBER. The two men stop and look at each other, just for an instant, one look, but in that look the Persian expresses a friendly compassion for Raoul. The  Persian then passes on toward the stage; Raoul  looks after him. It strikes Raoul with sudden  force that perhaps this Persian is Christine's  Angel of Music. Raoul shows his suspicions and  again turns toward Christine's dressing room.
22) 6) text: Raoul raps at Christine's door. As there is no  response, he tries the knob. The door is unlocked  and he exits...into the dressing room.
22) 8) text: INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM   AMBER Raoul enters and finds a gas light burning but the room is empty.  He still holds the suspicion occasioned by his meeting with the Persian.  He  looks about the room angrily, then sits down  on the edge of the couch to wait.
22) 17) text: Raoul becoming angrier every moment. Then he arises. He will go. As he moves to the door, he stops as he hears:
22) 21) text: Raoul looks about in a panic. Then he decides he will hide. He conceals himself in her closet just in time, for the door opens and Christine enters.  She waves good-bye to the ballet girls  and closing the door, crosses quietly to her  mirror, where she hugs the flowers happily.
22) 23) text: Raoul is looking at her from the closet. He takes  a step forward to go to her, then sees a change in her which causes him to pause.
22) 29) text: Raoul is suspicious yet puzzled. He feels that he  is about to witness the proof of her perfidy.  He watches intently.
22) 38) text: Raoul runs into the room from the closet. He pounds at the glass with his fists. He tries to move it. He strikes at the walls wildly.  Then, worn out, empty-brained, he takes up a chair and with all his strength, hurls it at the mirror. The chair is shattered and the mirror uninjured. Then exhausted, he sinks down upon the couch and buries his face in his hands.
22) 171) text: A curious crowd are gathered near the stage door kept in  check by a gendarme - in the crowd is Raoul who wears  a haunted look of anguish -- an employee comes out of  the stage door and speaking to the gendarme, goes back  inside. - Raoul crowds forward and makes an anxious  inquiry of the gendarme, who replies with a negative  shake of the head----Raoul sinks back in gloom and disappointment.
22) 203) text: BACK: The Comtess smiles happily- it is easy to  see that both Philippe and his wife are doing with sincerity what they think will be the best for Raoul.
22) 267) text: Discovered Raoul seated before the fire place holding  his head in his hands in the depth of despair---not  far away sits his brother Philippe, glowering at his  brother in contempt for his weak and silly infatuation. The door opens and a servant with a message enters and carries it to Raoul --Raoul takes it without  interest as the servant exits.  Then as Raoul unfolds  and reads the message his whole being is transfigured  with a great joy - he leaps to his feet and reads the  message again.
22) 278) text: BACK: Raoul turns to his brother and indicates in  triumph that Christine has been found. Philippe  gasps in dismay.
22) 283) text: As the orderly crosses to Raoul, salutes and hands him  an army order. Raoul is surprised--he opens it and  gasps as he reads--then lowering the message he nods  to the orderly who does an about face and exits. Raoul  crumples the message in his fist---a look of intense  anger spreads over his face--he strides over to his  brother and faces him in a fury--Raoul displays the crumpled message and says:
22) 287) text: BACK: Philippe smiles triumphantly with that sit- uation an attitude that registers "Well, what are you going to do about it?" Raoul continues to storm.
22) 293) text: BACK: As Philippe gasps in alarm and horror--Raoul turns and exits.
22) 294) text: MED SHOT IN THE LIVING ROOM OF THE CHATEAU.  As Raoul storms out of the room--Philippe is alarmed  and calls after him but Raoul pays no heed, slamming the door after him.
22) 306) text: The grand staircase and the galleries above it present a gorgeous array of funny dress costumes, silks and satins, all sorts of picturesque and  interesting creations. The staircase and galleries  are so filled up with people that it is almost a  jam--Although most of the people are costumed, many are in evening dress and wear opera masks.  It is a scene of noise, laughter and color, gaiety  and emotion. On the left side of the staircase,  where it takes a left angle turn, Raoul is walking.  He is masked in evening dress and wears a black  costume. Christine is presumably on her way down  the left staircase. She is dressed in modest  evening dress and is masked. INTIMATE SHOT OF ANOTHER GROUP...PRIZMA An interesting noisy group.
22) 307) text: MED CLOSE UP OF RAOUL  PRIZMA
22) 311) text: Raoul hurries through the crowd following Christine and they exit.  The moment they are out of the picture all of the people begin to look in the direction of the right staircase.  All gaiety and motion slowly dies down. People crane their necks forward in a  hushed way.
22) 345) text: This is the first opening on the left of the second  gallery. There in the gallery all are looking down  at the ghost. Raoul, following Christine, passes through from left to right. Christine looks down  and sees the ghost, then she clutches at Raoul to keep him from looking down on the staircase. They  pass out to the right.
22) 347) text: This is the second opening of the second gallery.  The onlookers are motionless looking down over the  rail. Raoul and Christine enter from the Left.  Raoul's curiosity overcomes Christine's apprehension  although she is pulling at his sleeve. Raoul leans over  the rail and looks down. Christine is terrified that  the Phantom will recognize Raoul with her.
22) 352) text: MED CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE  PRIZMA
22) 353) text: They are at the rail in the center opening in  the second gallery. Christine sees that the Red Death  has seen her and Raoul. Her action shows that there  is fear and excitement. She clutches him by the sleeve and half drags him through the door in the rear which reveals a stairway going upward. 
22) 360) text: This is an overhead corridor. A flight of stairs in the f.g. leads from below. In the b.g. is a single  staircase leading upward. The entrance to the stair  case is a high area, almost into the top of the ceiling  so that the camera while taking in the people looks a  long distance up the stairs. If a person were coming  down these stairs, their lower extremities would be  seen some time before the full figure. In the f.g.  there is a door covered with a portierre. Immediately  beyond this portierre is a full sized mirror. There  is a door and number of other exits. Raoul and  Christine enter from below. She has Raoul by the arm  and almost drags him along. Raoul is extrapolating  with her excitedly - He wants to know what all the  mad rushing about is for.
22) 361) text: Christine has the manner of a hunted person. Hardly  listening to Raoul's excited cry for an explanation  she pauses at the portierres and listens.
22) 362) text: MED CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AND RAOUL  AMBER
22) 368) text: BACK: Raoul is baffled, amazed, impatient for an ex- planation. Christine listens at the portierre, this time with sudden alarm. This time she speaks directly at Raoul.
22) 372) text: A flight of stairs leads into this from below and  another flight leads upward. There are three or  four exits in this set. Christine and Raoul enter  from below. Christine is still pulling at his arm.  He will go no further. He glances down the steps that they have just mounted. SHOOTING DOWN NARROW STAIRWAY
22) 373) text: This is shooting in the corridor number one. The  camera sees a crimson cloak and a slippered foot  disappear around the corner of the passage. Sug- gesting that the phantom has seen Raoul's movement and is dodging out of sight.
22) 374) text: INT. CORRIDOR #2   AMBER MED CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE
22) 375) text: So this is the sum of Christine's fears. This is an object for Raoul's anger. He moves towards the stair  with a purpose of provoking this phantom and laying hands upon him. Christine is thrown into near  hysterics. She clutches at Raoul's arm. He now has one foot upon the stairs. He is drawing away from  her and in so doing he pulls her to her knees.  Pleading she cries at him.
22) 380) text: BACK:  Raoul undergoes a complete transition. What  she has said hits him violently and with great weight.  He sees her before him a helpless pathetic little  figure. He feels the utmost pity and love for her.  Gently he takes her by the elbow and lifts her to her  feet. She indicates to him weakly "Come" A LONGER SHOT  AMBER
22) 383) text: This is a Ben Carre set. It is lighted by bars of  moonlight which penetrate through an overhead lattice.  Christine and Raoul silently run through this set.
22) 384) text: EXT AT ENTRANCE ON ROOF...BLUE  Christine and Raoul enter from garret set. Christine is greatly relieved. She breathes in the freedom of  the night air and as she removes her mask Raoul  removes his mask and she tells him:
22) 387) text: BACK: In a gray way Raoul pauses and presses her for an explanation. She becomes at once tragic and appre- hensive. She indicates for him to come. He follows  her out.
22) 390) text: The lights of Paris sparkle far below and black birds  of ill omen fly through the sky. Raoul and Christine  enter and sit down at the foot of Apollo's Lyre.
22) 391) text: SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE...BLUE
22) 392) text: Both indicate that they feel safe here. Raoul faces her questioningly. He is waiting for her  to answer the many doubts that trouble on his lips. She draws close to him, confident that he will  believe him. She begins:
22) 397) text: BACK: Raoul gasps in amazement and suspicion  and softens as she begins to cry gently. She continues:
22) 403) text: Directly above Raoul and Christine is the Red Death  clung to Apollo's Lyre, like an enormous bat, black  birds fly by.
22) 405) text: SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
22) 410) text: BACK: Raoul gazes in horror. Christine as she  remembers - then Raoul puts an arm about her to com- fort her and encourage her - she goes on brokenly.
22) 418) text: FADE IN  SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE.
22) 419) text: Raoul is aghast. Christine's tears have dried up. With  horror she brings her narration to a close with the  words:
22) 431) text: BACK: Then in a hushed way as if she were hardly speak-  ing to Raoul she continues:
22) 437) text: BACK: Raoul is moody and depressed. He is keeping his eyes averted. Where one might expect to see anger there is none. Raoul is burning up inside with jealousy - guilty jealousy. Christine has been so  engrossed in her terrible story that she has not  understood his attitude. She is shocked now as an  understanding of Raoul's suspicions comes to her.  Her lips tremble and she feels helpless and alone.  She is almost at the point of tears. She tries to get  his eyes but he averts them. She touches him upon  the arm and speaks with appeal:
22) 449) text: BACK: Raoul holds her in his arms impetuously  and presses his lips against hers.
22) 454) text: A LONGER SHOT  Raoul releases Christine from his passionate embrace  then they exit in the direction from which they came.
22) 466) text: MED SHOT OF GRAND STAIR CASE. As soldiers rush among the guests looking for  Raoul, tearing off the masks of those who did not  hear his summons, every one is panic stricken.
22) 481) text: Christine is packing her effects and Raoul helps.  He pauses to put his arm about her and kiss her.
22) 483) text: As the Red Death enters followed by the soldiers. With a mocking smile, the Red Death points to  Christine's room, then as the soldiers move in that direction he laughs a fiendish laugh. INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM  Raoul holding Christine close to him and telling her  of his love. Then the door bursts open and the soldiers  enter. Raoul releases Christine who gasps in dismay.
22) 487) text: He says the end of line as Raoul realizes what it means and his shoulders droop in hopelessness. Christine  clings to him in terror and begs to know what it  means. He comforts her and tells her:
22) 493) text: BACK: Christine gasps in horror and anguish and starts to cry. Raoul pets her with tenderness.
22) 495) text: The rough sergeant who has no sentiment taps Raoul on the shoulder and indicates for him to come.  Raoul frowns darkly then releasing Christine and  kissing her on the forehead gently disengaging her and moves into the center of the military police.
22) 504) text: CLOSE UP OF RAOUL IN THE CENTER OF MILITARY POLICE
22) 505) text: He looks towards Christine with a happy smile and throws her a kiss. INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM  As the sergeant gives a crisp military command and  the military police march Raoul away leaving Christine  on her couch sobbing as if her heart would break.
22) 508) text: Discovered Raoul sitting on a cot. He is in  the depth of despondency and filled with all  sorts of worries and fears. Outside his cell  paces a guard. He frets over his hopeless position.  Then a guard arrives in the corridor outside with  Philippe and the latter is admitted to Raoul's cell. The two brothers face each other coldly then Raoul arises and turning his back on his brother looks  out of the window of his cell. Philippe's face  softens and turning he shows he loves his brother  devotedly and is sincere in what he has done to thwart Raoul's love affair with Christine. He pulls an  official document from his pocket and coughing  nervously says:
22) 516) text: BACK: Raoul does not turn-- he continues to stare  out of the window.
22) 518) text: C.V. OF RAOUL
22) 521) text: Philippe getting no reply, goes up behind Raoul  and putting his hand affectionately on Raoul's  shoulder, pleads for him to come to his senses  and accept--finally Raoul straightens up and turning faces his brother, says:
22) 526) text: BACK: Philippe gasps in dismay, and refuses, whereupon  Raoul shrugs his shoulders and turns his back to gaze  out of the window. Philippe pauses to think and he  weakens then again putting his hand on Raoul  affectionately he indicates that he will agree  to Raoul's condition--Raoul shows his gratitude,  then follows after Philippe who shows the official  order to the waiting guard.
22) 534) text: As a traveling barouche drives up and stops and  Philippe and Raoul emerge. Raoul moves to pay the  driver and Philippe hurries off scene to get to  shelter. As Raoul pays the driver, he whispers  something to the driver and the latter nods his head - it is evident that Raoul has planned something. Raoul  exits after Philippe.
22) 542) text: INT BOX CORRIDOR  NEAR RAOUL'S BOX Raoul and Philippe follow an usher to scene from  behind camera---The usher opens the door to box and  Philippe enters first. Raoul quietly produces a note  and some money - slips it to the usher and with his  finger to his lips for caution exits into the box.  The usher nods after Raoul and exits through door  to the stage.
22) 544) text: INT RAOUL'S BOX
22) 545) text: As Philippe and Raoul are seated. Raoul is very nervous and excited and Philippe watches him  closely. INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 546) text: Christine is nearly dressed for the part of Mar- guerite, a maid is assisting her--she is listless  and sad because Raoul been taken from her.
22) 551) text: The maid has the door open and receives from the  usher Raoul's note- she closes the door and carries  the message to Christine.
22) 568) text: As the phantom with a grave face sees the effect of  the note on Christine, he suspects that it is  from Raoul and is furious- as he watches Christine  look about for a place to hide the note and he smiles  with satisfaction as he sees her hide it in one of  her slippers. Which she shoves under the couch
22) 578) text: The mirror begins to quiver and the reflection of the room dances about-- then the phantom appears as if  through the mirror-- he looks about and then moves  out of her mirror and goes to the couch where he secures the note from Raoul out of her slipper. He reads it.
22) 586) text: FADE IN  INT. RAOUL'S BOX
22) 587) text: As Raoul watches with feverish anxiety- now and then  bites his finger nails because he is so restless. Philippe watches him closely and really sympathizes  with him.
22) 594) text: INT RAOUL'S BOX As Raoul sighs deeply at the sight of Christine  and leans forward watching her hungrily.  Philippe seems more human and sympathetic.
22) 610) text: INT RAOUL'S BOX  AMBER  This is a flash of Raoul staring at the stage wild  eyed and bewildered--Philippe also stares to the stage. Raoul turns to Philippe and gasps in horror.
22) 627) text: INT RAOUL'S BOX  Both Raoul and Philippe gazing in horror-then the two brothers face each other--In Raoul's eyes a look of pleading--Philippe suddenly extends his hand and with a sincere look says:
22) 631) text: BACK: Raoul's answer is a grateful look and a hearty  clasp of his brother's hand- then Raoul arises and  starts out of the box. Philippe follows.
22) 636) text: From stage door. As Raoul and Philippe come out of box - as they come into f.g. Raoul stops and grabbing Philippe's arm says:
22) 643) text: BACK: Philippe nods agreement and exits back past box, toward rear of opera house, while Raoul plunges on  past camera.
22) 648) text: Attendants of the opera and a gathering of ballet  girls are discovered excitedly discussing the  mysterious happening. Some are looking into  Christine's dressing room with awed curiosity.  Raoul enters from the direction of the stage and  like a madman hurries toward Christine's dressing  room. As he nears the door those who are peering  into the room fall back. An instant before Raoul  exits into the room the Persian enters to corridor  from cellar. He catches sight of Raoul and glides  swiftly after him.
22) 651) text: Raoul enters and finds the room empty. Raoul is  filled with oaths and insults. He pounds upon the  mirror with his hand, as if he were challenging the  phantom behind it.  The Persian enters swiftly and  closes the door but does not lock it. From this  moment the Persian takes command. His movements are  definite and direct. He indicates in an authoritative  way for Raoul to calm himself and tells him:
22) 655) text: BACK: The Persian faces Raoul in a manner deliberate and cold though not unfriendly -- Raoul is dis- pleased by his interruption and he says angrily:     
22) 660) text: BACK: The Persian commands Raoul with his eyes and there is a pause. He tells him coldly and  without excitement:
22) 667) text: BACK: Raoul gasps in horror and alarm - he bids the  other tell him more - he is impatient - the  Persian continues:
22) 673) text: BACK: Raoul is horrified yet fascinated - he begs the oth to continue - the Persian does so. The Persian pauses. Raoul is filled with horror - the Persian continues:
22) 681) text: Raoul can stand no more - his fears for Christine's safety have become a frenzy - he pleads for the  Persian to help him do something - the Persian  surveys him calmly, then he drops to his knees and begins feeling along the baseboard for the  hidden control of the trick mirror.
22) 685) text: INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM   AMBER The Persian is now standing upon a stool and  is running his fingers along the picture molding.  He indicates to Raoul that he has found what he  is looking for. He pulls at the molding and a section of it comes out, lever-like, revealing a steel draw bar behind it. The Persian jumps from the stool, grasps Raoul by the arm and moves him to the position in front of the  mirror. This shot is taken as at a different angle than  the mirror shot in which Christine disappeared so that  the audience will be let in on the trick nature of the  contrivance. The mirror opens and Raoul and the Persian  pass through it - that instant Philippe enters to catch a fleeting glimpse of Raoul as he vanishes thru the  mirror and it closes after him-- he hurries forward in dismay and feels the glass.
22) 688) text: Raoul and the Persian are discovered back of mirror.  The Persian motions Raoul to do exactly as he tells him. He pantomimes to Raoul to hold up his hand, Raoul is mystified as to the reason for this but obeys. The Persian tells Raoul hurriedly: 
22) 695) text: As Philippe pounds on the glass and calls out Raoul's  name. Then hurries out of the dressing room.
22) 698) text: The Persian and Raoul holding their right hands pass over bridge into the same direction that Erick carried Christine. INT CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM
22) 699) text: As Philippe returns with several ballet girls and  several supers of the opera. He explains in pantomime  how Raoul vanished through the mirror. The others  stare at him in amazement--they look at each  other and grin. They think that he is crazy and  exit. Philippe stares after them angrily, then attacks the mirror with the butt of his pistol. INT ROI DE LAHORE SET.  FAINT GREEN
22) 700) text: Two shadows are seen on the wall where the shadow of Joseph Buquet's figure was seen. It is Raoul and the  Persian approaching from the right, holding up their  hands. They enter and Raoul follows the Persian to a little cupboard fastened to the wall. The cupboard contains an emergency outfit consisting of a dark lantern, a hatchet, an ax, a saw and a coil of rope. The cupboard door is removed by the Persian who takes the lantern and lights it.
22) 702) text: MED CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND THE PERSIAN FAINT GREEN.
22) 703) text: The mystery is now upon Raoul as it was upon Christine. He would like to help but he senses his total helplessness. Raoul drops his hand. The Persian  turns on him and tells him in a startled way:
22) 709) text: Raoul is puzzled and senses his dependency. He  raises his hand. The Persian moves quickly followed by Raoul to a pin rail in the left b.g.  With some effort the Persian twists one of these large pins. As he does a trap opens in the floor in the identical spot where the body of Joseph  Buquet was found. The Persian and Raoul go to the  open trap and the Persian flashes on the lantern  and indicates for Raoul to hold him by the wrists  and drop him - Raoul holds the Persian by the wrists  and drops him - (This scene will be more effective  if played in semi-darkness)
22) 711) text: INT CORRIDOR LOOKING AT BLANK WALL  FAINT GREEN  (This blank wall can be doubled for another location) This source of light here is the Persian's lantern. Couple of counter poise weights are hanging from above.  The Persian falls into the scene and lights on his feet. Raoul drops in after him.  The Persian pulls the counter-poise weight.
22) 716) text: Raoul and Persian exit - guided by the rays from the dark lantern.
22) 721) text: Raoul and the Persian enter - They look off and stop  -both transfixed with terror - They flatten themselves  against the wall as the Persian makes his lantern  dark. A fiery face - not more than three feet from  the ground approaches, a red handkerchief - Handschiegel  Process - is around the neck giving the impression  that it is a decapitated head. When the terrible  face reaches a point opposite Raoul and the Persian it cries out at them:
22) 727) text: BACK: The face exits. The light upon the face is  caused by a dark lantern which the rat catcher holds  turned upon himself. The Persian turns on his lantern  and he and Raoul exit, looking back with terrified  eyes, their right hands up in the air.
22) 753) text: INT LAST CELLAR  FAINT GREEN This is a low massive chamber. It is almost at the  bottom of the opera foundations, leading from it is a long narrow corridor, wide enough only for two  men to walk abreast. This first shot does not reveal  the narrow corridor. Raoul and the Persian enter.  The Persian stops and listens. Raoul tiredly lets  down his right hand. In a startled way, the Persian  grabs Raoul's wrist and raises his right arm for  him, with a certain horror in his look.
22) 758) text: BACK: Raoul is henceforth careful to keep his hand  raised. They exit. The Persian with increased caution.
22) 761) text: Raoul and Persian enter - The Persian again stops  and listens - Then he whispers to Raoul.
22) 764) text: BACK: The Persian cautions Raoul to move quietly. They reach a point just inside the corridor. Without any anticipation a trap gives under their feet and they shoot downwards out of the picture.  The picture is held on an instant and the trap closed.
22) 768) text: There is no effect of a reflected forest until  Erick turns on the overhead lights. The dark lantern  would not cause those multiple reflections. The  Persian gets to his feet, turns lantern to  mirrors and feels them. Then examines iron tree and lasso - turns to Raoul, recovering from fall and says:
22) 773) text: BACK: Raoul's reaction is horror. Suddenly both men  are startled and look up and to the right. They  hear Erick's voice. Raoul is thrown into great  terror and opens his mouth to cry out but the Persian  grabs Raoul and puts his hand over Raoul's mouth.
22) 801) text: BACK: Christine's first reaction is one of relief. Help is at hand. Then almost instantly she is thrown into anguish. Her lips form the name "Raoul"  Erick studies her for an instant and then moves out. Swiftly.
22) 818) text: Raoul and the Persian are listening to make sure  that Erick has gone, then, before the Persian can  stop him, Raoul cries out "Christine! Christine!  It is I, Raoul!"
22) 820) text: INT ERICK'S LIVING ROOM...AMBER CLOSE UP CHRISTINE LASHED TO THE CENTER PILLAR  Christine hears Raoul's agonized cry, answers it  and gives away to fear for Raoul. INT TORTURE CHAMBER...FAINT GREEN.
22) 821) text: Raoul is crying out - wild inarticulate things  to Christine - The Persian grasps him by the  wrist and sternly indicates for him to keep  quiet. The Persian addresses himself toward  the overhead window:
22) 829) text: This is medium closeup of Philippe at the boat landing. Philippe is kneeling, holding up the lantern, peering into the darkness. He shouts Raoul's name. Unseen by Philippe and directly in front of him there is a dis- turbance in the water. The reed-like tube glides in making a V-shaped line of ripples. Then Erick's long arm shoots out of the water and grasps Philippe's wrist of the hand that holds the lantern, and the scene is plunged into darkness.
22) 837) text: The Persian is listening to Christine intently.  At the same time he is forcing Raoul to be quiet.  The Persian tells Christine:
22) 846) text: Christine is looking at the sounding device.  With dread anticipation she senses that Erick  is returning. She flies back to the center  pillar and slips under the throw. She is now  apparently in the position that Erick left her.  From this moment Christine begins to act a  double role. She is now matching her wits against  Erick's...Above all things she must keep Raoul's  presence in the torture chamber from Erick.
22) 875) text: Raoul and the Persian are listening at a great tension. Raoul gives an unexpected cry of rage - This startles  the Persian, who indicates with certain horror,  "He has heard you!"
22) 878) text: Erick is listening. He has heard Raoul's cry of rage.  He now understands why Christine wanted the keys.  He also knows that only for Raoul would Christine  do as she has. From this moment Erick becomes cruel and Christine combats him on the verge of hysterics.  He asks her in a quiet but very dangerous manner:
22) 890) text: INT TORTURE CHAMBER  FAINT GREEN From semi-darkness the chamber is flooded with  a brilliant, dazzling light from overhead.  Under the overhead light the single iron tree  is multiplied into thousands of trees, into a forest. Raoul's reaction is astonishment, be- wilderment, the Persian's horror - for he knows  what this means. The torture has begun. The  sudden flood of brilliant light causes them to blink.  Then Raoul tries to hide his eyes from the brilliant,  blinding light. The Persian now realizes the necessity  of searching for the secret spring which he knows  to be in the floor. Excitedly he begins to feel over  the floor with the tips of his fingers, to feel the  joints in the glass. Raoul watches him in excited  bewilderment. This is a short scene.
22) 903) text: He holds her with his hollow eye.  The terrible realization comes over her that Erick knows that  Raoul is in the torture Chamber. In a helpless  automatic way, knows that he knows she is lying. She repeats "No! No! Nobody is there!"
22) 905) text: The heat in the chamber has now become intense.  Both men are perspiring profusely. Excitement  approaching panic is overtaking the Persian  as he continues his search for the secret spring.  They are mopping their faces with their handker- chiefs. Raoul tears off his collar and flings it from him. He wants air. He begins to beat at  the mirrors with his fists and the Persian shows  his apprehension for Raoul. He tries to quiet  Raoul.
22) 922) text: Christine is in the position now that one false  step will cause Raoul's death. If Erick makes love  to her she cannot tell him flatly "No"  Therefore she continues her acting, depending upon  evasions. At the same time she is in trembling  and fear for Raoul. What is being done to him?  Erick is frenzied and insistent. Christine is hard  pressed. He follows her into a corner and is telling  her with frenzied pain:
22) 933) text: The two men are undergoing terrible torture. They are almost burning up. Their coats are off and their shirts have been torn open at the neck. They are drenched with perspiration. Raoul is be- coming delirious. The Persian himself almost crazy and is mechanically searching for the secret spring. If the forest from the reflected iron trap is seen here, it is just as it was when first seen. A terrible hallucination begins to overtake Raoul and with startling eyes he begins to crawl away from the section of mirrors into which he is looking. CLOSE UP RAOUL  AMBER
22) 939) text: It leaps up to the immediate f.g. and roars, as if at Raoul.
22) 940) text: CLOSE UP RAOUL  AMBER
22) 941) text: He gives a cry of terror and of fear, as if his  heart would break. A LONGER SHOT  AMBER   The Persian is startled at this cry and his eye follows the direction of Raoul's eyes. But the forest is just as it was before, a reflection of the     single iron tree.  INT. ERICK'S LIVING ROOM   AMBER
22) 942) text: Christine is frantic. She is listening to Raoul's  agonized cries. She is beside herself. She moans  and clutches at his cloak, crying, "What are you  doing to him! What are you doing to him!" With a  sweeping motion Erick points to the screened opening  indicating, "Go and see!"  Christine runs up the  steps - draws aside the drapes and looks through the  screen.
22) 944) text: INT TORTURE CHAMBER. AMBER  FLASH CLOSE UP OF RAOUL IN AGONY
22) 953) text: Her first reaction is one of repulsion and anger. This almost instantly gives way to the thought of sacrifice - to sacrifice herself to save Raoul.  However, the scene is out before she comes to any  decision.  INT TORTURE CHAMBER  AMBER
22) 954) text: The Persian is fighting to keep away the delirium. He is more undecided now in his search for the secret spring. Raoul has undergone a transition.
22) 955) text: CLOSE UP RAOUL  AMBER His face lights up wildly - there is hope - "Water?  Water! Water!"
22) 956) text: SHOOTING INTO SECTION OF MIRROR  AMBER. The scene is changed to a beautiful cool water fall in a shady forest. The water falls into a shady pool  then runs between grassy banks to the very floor of the torture chamber. Raoul crawls into the picture. He bends over thirstily and just before he reaches the Water, within six inches of the water, he is  stopped by the glass. He puts his hand to his throat  and begins to choke.  EXT. REAR OF OPERA  BLUE
22) 973) text: Raoul is lying upon the floor, panting, exhausted,  crazed. The Persian, who himself is beginning to  grow wild, is feeling aimlessly about the floor for  the hidden spring. His finger touches something  that gives, a nail head, which slightly protrudes  above the floor...which responds to his touch.  In his semi-delirium, he cries out in exultation.
22) 977) text: The Persian is crying out in mad exultation that he  has found it. - But Raoul is too far gone to hear him. The Persian takes the nail head between his fingers  and pulls it up about an inch. There is an instant of suspense in which nothing transpires. Then a  section of the floor about three by five, falls about  two inches. -then slides away horizontally, and  reveals a wooden stair leading downward. The Persian    inhales the cool air from below, then drags Raoul to the opening. Raoul drinks of the cool air as if water. INT ERICK'S LIVING ROOM ERICK LOOKING THRU OPENING   He is not the least perturbed. He is amused. INT CELLAR #2  AMBER
22) 984) text: INT CELLAR BRIDGE SET   AMBER Another portion of the mob, in which Simon and Florine are absent, passes over the bridge, while others with torches, run over the bridge. INT TORTURE CHAMBER   AMBER The cool air has revived Raoul and his senses have returned to him. The Persian holds his dark lantern  in his hand and is urging Raoul to follow him down- ward. They exit down the steps. The steps leading downward go off in the direction of Erick's living room.
22) 988) text: The source of light is from the torture chamber.  The location of cellar is directly under Erick's  living room. A set of wooden steps lead up to  a trap opening in the floor of the living room.  This is a very low cellar and enough barrels of  all sizes are stacked about to give the appearance  of a big wine cellar. The ceiling of this cellar  is necessary for the action. The Persian, carrying  his dark lantern, and Raoul enter down the stairway  leading from the torture chamber. They are looking  back apprehensively because a grating of heavy  bars descends behind them, cutting off their retreat  to the torture chamber, and by no action of their  own. While they are most dying of thirst, they  still are mystified at the great number of barrels.  They run to the barrels and each kneels at the one  he has chosen. They kneel and begin to pull at  the bungs, long enough to take hold of and pull out.
22) 997) text: INT BOTTOM CELLAR  FAINT GREEN  MED C.V. RAOUL & PERSIAN
22) 999) text: C.V. RAOUL KNEELING BEFORE BARREL  FAINT GREEN Raoul pulls the bung, cups his hands to catch the  precious water, but instead of a fluid running into  his hands, it is filled with something that looks  like black sand. Raoul looks at it stupidly as it  runs through his fingers.
22) 1002) text: The Persian pulls the bung stopper of his barrel  and the same black powder flows into his hand. He  looks at the material in horror, empties it out of  his hand and removes the lantern to a safe distance.  He then tells Raoul with dread:
22) 1007) text: BACK: Raoul is bewildered but the Persian flies into  action.
22) 1010) text: The Persian runs around the cellar experimenting  and examining it with his dark lantern. He is  followed by Raoul. They pause at the steps which  lead to Erick's voice above. They then go up the  steps as far as they can go and listen.
22) 1019) text: INT BOTTOM CELLAR FAINT GREEN CLOSE UP RAOUL & PERSIAN  Their lantern is upon the highest step. The two men are listening, their ears are close against the trap. They turn horrified eyes to each other. They understand that Erick will ignite the tons of  gunpowder.
22) 1035) text: INT BOTTOM CELLAR FAINT GREEN RAOUL & PERSIAN  Raoul hears her calling him, senses her agony, pounds  at the trap and cries: "Christine! Christine!"
22) 1038) text: CLOSE UP CHRISTINE AMBER. Almost out of her head, Christine places her fingers upon the scorpion. INT BOTTOM CELLAR  FAINT GREEN CLOSE UP RAOUL AND THE PERSIAN UNDER TRAP
22) 1060) text: INT BOTTOM CELLAR FAINT GREEN  A FLASH CU RAOUL &  PERSIAN UPON THE STEPS UNDER THE TRAPS.
22) 1068) text: Raoul and the Persian are hugging the trap.  The water is within two feet of the ceiling.  The barrels are floating around, the rats are  swimming for points of safety.
22) 1071) text: Erick is standing before her trembling from head to  feet. There is a resigned serenity about Christine.  She has sacrificed herself to save Raoul. INT CELLAR  CROSS SECTIONAL SHOT  AMBER
22) 1075) text: Erick is discovered as he was left, cringing before Christine, afraid. She lays a hand upon his shoulder  and reminds him of those whose cries for help  both can hear. Like a dog, Erick obeys her. He throws back a rug, revealing a trap door. This he throws open. Raoul and the Persian are discovered, half drowned in the water which has risen to within a few inches of the floor. The two men are so far gone that they are in do condition to engage Erick in battle.  Erick, aided by Christine, drags both of the men out  of the water. The trap is left open.
22) 1077) text: Raoul is still alive and conscious. He is saved.  Christine is calm and very sad. Erick steps back and tells the two men:
22) 1081) text: BACK: Raoul's eyes, dread and questioning, are upon Christine. Very quietly and sadly, she indicates  "Yes, it is true." Slowly the arm of the sounding  device rises, unseen by those in the picture and  falls with a clang. All are checked at this un-  suspected interruption. The arm continues falling.  INT ON LAKE  #1  AMBER The water has receded almost two feet. The action in these scenes is swift. Simon and Florine are standing on the spot where Philippe was strangled. Simon is beckoning the mob toward him. The first of  the mob is running down a runway thru a distant  arch. Spears and weapons are flourishing, torches flaring. As the first of the mob reaches the boat landing, the rest of the mob continues to bank up the background. A CLOSE SHOT OF FLORINE  AMBER The mob is behind him and no one is paying the least  attention to him. Simon is doing all of the talking.  Florine indicates "Follow me" Florine plants the  idea that he is going to jump into the water about  three feet deep. Florine jumps and lights stiff  legged in the water about six inches deep. (The  audience will think that he is going right out of  sight) Florine shows quick surprise "This is easy."  He beckons to the others, "Come in" - takes a step and disappears, shoots straight out of sight. Without any attempt to save himself. Still no one pays any  attention to his disappearance.
22) 1088) text: Raoul and the Persian are still upon the floor,  but are rapidly regaining their strength. Christine  is in misery, half in tears, explaining to him that  someday he will understand. Erick swiftly enters  from Christine's bedroom carrying a cloak. Erick  throws the cloak over her shoulders. He indicates  for Christine to come. She does not wish to but  she is willing to live up to her promise. She allows Erick to sweep her out of the room into his bedroom.  This is all very flat. Raoul is very weak but he will  fight for Christine. Raoul staggers to his feet.
22) 1092) text: The Persian staggers to his feet and goes toward  the door of the lake. Raoul drags himself towards  Erick's bedroom. Both men are very worn and weak.
22) 1094) text: The action here is swift. Erick jerks down one  of the black velvet drapes in the f.g. revealing  a door and a staircase leading upwards. The drape  that Erick jerks partly falls obliquely across  the coffin. The coffin is hidden from the entrance  view but not from the camera view. The moment the  door is opened, a draft comes down the stairs  corridor and causes all of the draperies in the  room to shimmer. Erick softly leads Christine up  these stairs closing the door after him. Raoul  drags himself in and reels towards the door.
22) 1097) text: Raoul has opened the door leading to the stair  corridor, and all of the draperies are shimmering.  He is looking up the stairs. Simon, the Persian and the others rush in. Simon excited sees the coffin in only passing image. It is apparent the direction Erick has fled. Simon gives the Persian an order, Simon and about twenty others run up  the stairs, sweeping Raoul along with them.  The others all exit swiftly to the drawing room,  led by the Persian. When the last man has left the  room Florine enters. The coffin is not visible to  him, while it is to the audience. Florine is  a forlorn figure. He calls:
22) 1105) text: This is played very swift and is made as short as  possible. Christine and Erick enter through the dark  opening, the door to which has now been battered down,  like two swiftly moving shadows. Erick sweeps her  along. They pass across the set and exit to the right.  The set is lighted by torches of the approaching  mob. The moment that Erick and Christine are out,  the mob enters from the left, Simon and Raoul in  evidence, and exit on the run up the circular stair case. Another section of the mob continues to enter  thus making it impossible for Erick to return.
22) 1113) text: Led by Simon, Raoul in evidence, the mob surges up the circular staircase. Simon sees Erick out right and raises a great cry. He and the others run out to the right.
22) 1115) text: An instant before the mob enters from right and left.  Erick sweeps Christine through the mouth of the  dragon and out of sight. The mob rushes in from both  directions. Simon yells some directions and runs  out the right with Raoul and some others. Those of  the mob remaining pull the dragon apart. (It is  built in two sections) revealing a closed, barred  door. They begin to batter down this door.
22) 1119) text: CLOSE UP FLASH OF SIMON AND RAOUL  He points, wildly excited and shouts.