1) 0) text: LONG SHOT of the solitary figure of a WOMAN standing  professionally alone at the end of the street. It is a bright, still night. We can HEAR the Woman whistl 'Stardust' merrily to herself. CAMERA TRACKS around her. A Man's footsteps are overlaid. We HEAR the Man start to whistle 'Stardust' under his bre haltingly at first, then in time with the Woman. As we approach, she glances at us over her shoulder - the turns round for a better look. Her whistling stops - so, at the same moment, does the  man's. CLOSE SHOT of DORA - a plump, attractive brunette - still young enough to need two glances at the customers. She smiles at us - and is pleased with the reception. She hesitates for a long moment, weighing us up carefully...  and then - half defiantly, half expecting to be laughed  at.
1) 1) dialog: It'll be two quid...
1) 2) text: Evidently we have two quid.   She beams with relief - throws her fur over her shoulders jerks her head towards the right - and sets off. CAMERA TRACKS after her.  Overlaid is the sound of the  man's footsteps. Dora resumes her whistling. So, under his breath, does th man who is following her.
2) 0) text: A wider street than the last - but just as empty.   Dora sways her way towards a small house. CAMERA FOLLOWS  at a respectful distance. CAMERA PANS from Dora's hips to an overflowing dustbin.   CLOSE SHOT of a man's hand throwing something into the  dustbin. It is an empty packet marked Kodak Film.  CAMERA PANS to Dora's house. It stands next to a chemist shop. Dora climbs the few steps which lead to her front door -  glances round at us encouragingly - then unlocks the door
3) 0) text: She switches on a light - and hurries up a flight of stai CAMERA TRACKS after her. She changes her tune to 'Goodnight Sweetheart'... and so under his breath - does the Man who is following her.   A woman with hair like a two-toned car comes down the  stairs, winks at Dora - looks at us for a moment with gre curiosity... winks... then passes out of camera. Dora reaches the landing - we are close behind her.
4) 0) text: Dora unlocks the door of her room - and goes inside.
5) 0) text: She switches on the light, throws her fur onto a chair,  lights the gas fire  then turns round. CLOSE SHOT of Dora. She holds out her hand-smiling. And suddenly. There is a gentle whirring purring sound. CAMERA HOLDS ON Dora - she is staring at something with  great curiosity. It turns quickly to bewilderment - and the bewilderment t fear. She steps back from CAMERA - but CAMERA won't have  it. Dora is now staring at something in horror - she opens he mouth to scream - a shadow falls across her face. The sound purrs on.
6) 0) text: A darkened room in natural COLOUR. The movie screen image are in BLACK AND WHITE.   We can SEE the back of a Man's head as he bends intently  over a projector. He is watching Dora on the screen. He i breathing quickly. We see Dora's hips waggling their way home. The Man raises his head, so that we cannot see the screen When he lowers it again, we see the Woman with the two- toned hair winking at Dora... then we see Dora throwing  her fur onto a chair - and turning towards us. WE SEE her staring at something in bewilderment... then  backing away from CAMERA in fear. WE HEAR the Man breathing as if at the end of a very long race. As Dora opens her mouth to scream, and a shadow falls acr her face - the title:
7) 4) text: It is standing in the roadway outside Dora's house. WE SEE it through the finder of a small cine-camera.
10) 13) text: Mark busies himself sorting some newspapers.  A whole row of Doras smile up at him. CAMERA PANS to doorway of the shop. An ELDERLY GENTLEMAN is standing there.
66) 7) text: Over his shoulder WE SEE what he is looking at - it is a  photograph of Dora in her furs and finery.
66) 15) text: The Sergeant glances at Dora's photograph.