11) 4) text: Through the half-open door we catch a glimpse of a second Girl (LORRAINE). She is staring out of a window, her back to camera. She is naked except for a shawl draped round  her shoulders.   Mark enters the room... the door begins to close. CAMERA  TRACKS towards the door. On the threshold of the room, a  hood is thrown over our faces. THE SCREEN BLACKS OUT. In the darkness WE HEAR Milly's voice.
12) 2) text: We hear Lorraine's voice - muffled, and very far away.
12) 3) dialog: When?
12) 12) text: CLOSE SHOT of her naked toes. They start to wriggle.   CLOSE SHOT of Mark's toes - in sandals, next to the tripo of the camera. They start to wriggle.  CLOSE SHOT of Lorraine. We watch her in profile as she  stares out of the window - clutching her shawl. She has  outstandingly beautiful features.  CLOSE SHOT of Mark. He is standing by the side of the  camera, studying us thoughtfully. He is holding a remote- control switch panel in his hand. He clicks off several  lights and then switches several others on... then he duc back under the hood.
12) 57) text: CLOSE SHOT of Lorraine staring out of the window. She  stiffens. Milly's voice is overlaid.
12) 59) text: Lorraine clutches her shawl tightly.
12) 61) text: Lorraine turns round.   The left side of her face is classical in its beauty. She has a hare lip, which twists and distorts the whole of th right side. Her eyes are large - and beautiful - and  defiant. CLOSE SHOT of Mark looking at her. CLOSE SHOT of Lorraine.
12) 62) dialog: He said... you needn't photograph  my face!
12) 65) text: CLOSE SHOT of Lorraine. Beautiful in profile.
12) 66) dialog: I suppose you'll fix my bruises  too?
12) 69) text: CLOSE SHOT of the shawl round Lorraine's shoulders. CLOSE SHOT of Mark.
12) 71) text: CLOSE SHOT of Lorraine's eyes - puzzled.
12) 72) dialog: Yours?
12) 78) text: CLOSE SHOT of Lorraine standing very still В— looking at  him in silence. Milly shrugs and reaches for the coffee pot. Overlaid is the gentle purring of a cine-camera. CAMERA LINGERS on the dark liquid being poured into a cup