5) 0) text: Scrooge's clerk, BOB CRATCHIT, sits in a dismal little ce copying letters. There's a very small fire, so small that there's only one lump of coal. The clerk puts on his whit -- and failing -- to warm himself at the candle. Fred app his face ruddy and handsome; his eyes sparkle, and his br cold. He grins at Bob Cratchit who raises an eyebrow, sur Fred crosses to the doorway of an adjacent office in whic hunched over a desk, busily writing.
5) 30) dialog: Very good, sir.
5) 32) dialog: Oh, yes, sir. All very eager.
5) 34) dialog: Tim, sir.
5) 36) dialog: We're in high hopes he's getting better, sir.
5) 38) dialog: Same to you, sir, I'm sure.
7) 2) dialog: If quite convenient, Sir.
7) 5) dialog: It's only once a year, Mr Scrooge.
7) 8) dialog: I will. I promise. Scrooge walks out into the street with a growl. Bob Cratc office in a twinkling.
8) 0) text: A coatless, shivering Bob Cratchit locks the front door a the long ends of his white comforter dangling below his w
33) 0) text: On the threshold of the door, Scrooge watches as the Spir to bless Bob Cratchit's four-roomed house with an unspoke
34) 0) text: MRS CRATCHIT, Bob Cratchit's wife, dressed out but poorly gown, but brave in ribbons, which are cheap and make a go sixpence; and she lays the table-cloth, assisted by BELIN daughters, also brave in ribbons; while the adolescent Ma plunges a fork into the saucepan of potatoes, then into h smaller Cratchits, boy and girl, come tearing in, screami incomprehensible; and basking in luxurious thoughts of sa young Cratchits dance about the table. The eldest, Peter fire, until the slow potatoes, bubbling up, knock loudly
34) 8) dialog: Why, where's our Martha?
34) 10) dialog: (heartbroken) Not coming! Not coming upon Christmas Day! Martha doesn't like to see him disappointed, even if it w she comes out prematurely from behind the closet door, an arms, while the two young Cratchits help Tiny Tim to the might hear the pudding singing in the copper. Bob hugs Ma content until she breaks away to tend to the supper. Husb alone for a moment.
34) 12) dialog: As good as gold, and better. Somehow he gets thoughtful, sitting by himself so much, and thinks the strangest things you ever heard. He told me, coming home, that he hoped the people in church saw him, because he was a cripple, and it might be pleasant to them to remember upon Christmas Day, who made lame beggars walk, and blind men see. (a long pause) He's growing stronger and heartier every day, isn't he? The look that crosses Mrs Cratchit's face is not encourag
34) 15) text: Bob Cratchit turns up his cuffs and compounds some hot mi gin and lemons, and stirs it round and round and puts it simmer; Peter, and the two ubiquitous young Cratchits fet carry it to the table. Mrs Cratchit pours the gravy, hiss mashed the potatoes with incredible vigour; Miss Belinda apple-sauce; Martha dusts the hot plates; Bob takes Tiny tiny corner at the table; the two young Cratchits set cha not forgetting themselves. At last, the table is set -- g and mashed potatoes.
34) 18) dialog: (to Mrs Cratchit) I don't believe there ever was such a goose cooked. So tender.
34) 25) dialog: (mock horror) Suppose somebody should have got over the wall of the back-yard, and stolen it, while we were eating the goose? Bob's mouth makes a perfect O and his eyebrows almost lea two small Cratchits become livid and start yelling at him with laughter at this, even Mrs Cratchit. Belinda bursts accompanied by a great deal of steam and, in an instant, of the copper like a speckled cannon-ball, hard and firm, half-a-quartern of ignited brandy, and bedight with Chris into the top. Everyone oohs and aahhhs as Mrs Cratchit bl proudly.
34) 26) dialog: Oh, a wonderful pudding! Bob Cratchit holds up a glass to propose a toast.
34) 27) dialog: A Merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God bless us! Which all the family re-echoes.
34) 34) dialog: Mr Scrooge! Scrooge looks up, startled to hear someone call his name. a glass up to him, making a toast.
34) 35) dialog: I'll give you Mr Scrooge, the Founder of the Feast!
34) 37) dialog: (gently chiding) My dear, the children; Christmas Day.
34) 39) dialog: My dear, have some charity. It's Christmas Day.
53) 11) dialog: (pleasantly) I ran into Mr. Scrooge's nephew in the street today. He thought I looked a little -- just a little down, you know -- and he inquired as to what had happened to distress me. On which, for he is the pleasantest-spoken gentleman you ever heard, I told him. "I am heartily sorry for it, Mr Cratchit," he said, “and heartily sorry for your good wife." (pause) By the bye, how he ever knew that, I don't know.
53) 13) dialog: Why, that you were a good wife. Mrs. Cratchit smiles.
53) 15) dialog: I hope they do. “Heartily sorry," he said, “for your good wife. If I can be of service to you in any way, be sure to let me know" -- and he handed me his card. Now, it wasn't for the sake of anything he might be able to do for us, so much as for his kind way, that this was quite delightful. It really seemed as if he had known our Tiny Tim, and felt with us.
53) 17) dialog: You would be surer of it, if you saw and spoke to him. I shouldn't be at all surprised if he got Peter a better situation.
53) 21) dialog: (to Peter) It's just as likely as not, one of these days; though there's plenty of time for that. (to all) But however and whenever we part from one another, I am sure we shall none of us forget poor Tiny Tim -- shall we? -- or this first parting that there was among us?
53) 23) dialog: And I know... I know that when we recollect how patient and how mild he was; although he was a little, little child; we shall not quarrel easily among ourselves, and forget poor Tiny Tim in doing it.
53) 25) dialog: (at the point of tears) I am very happy. I am very happy. Mrs Cratchit kisses him, his daughters kiss him, the two him, and Peter shakes his hand. Bob abruptly leaves the r upstairs. The family members look at one another with con
62) 0) text: Scrooge rubs his hands and laughs. He writes Bob Cratchit of paper with an unsteady hand.
67) 0) text: The day after Christmas. Bright sunshine pours into Scroo is quiet save for the ticking of the clock -- which reads behind his desk, grinning like a madman, with his door wi might see Bob Cratchit come into his tank-like office. Bo hat and comforter already off. He jumps on his stool in a with his pen, as if he were trying to overtake nine o'clo trying to suppress a grin, Scrooge manages an approximati caustic personality.
67) 2) dialog: I am very sorry, sir. I am behind my time.
67) 4) dialog: It's only once a year, sir. It shall not be repeated. I was making rather merry yesterday, sir.