6) 0) text: A small BOY nervously approaches Scrooge's window to rega Christmas carol: but at the first sound of "God bless you May nothing you dismay!" Scrooge seizes a ruler with such that the singer flees in terror.
7) 0) text: The moment the boy has fled, Scrooge's threatening counte he grins, rather pleased with himself. Scrooge glances at the church tower, nearly invisible in clock STRIKES the hour, with tremulous vibrations afterwa were chattering in its frozen head. Time to shut up the c With an ill-will, Scrooge dismounts from his stool, and n who instantly snuffs his candle out, and puts on his hat.
22) 0) text: A long, bare, melancholy room, made barer still by lines and desks. At one of these, a lonely boy reads near a fee sits down upon a form, and weeps to see his poor forgotte be. The Ghost joins him.
32) 0) text: Scrooge and the Spirit wander the city streets on Christm the severe weather causes the people to make a rough, but unpleasant kind of music, in scraping the snow from the p their dwellings, and from the tops of their houses. Scroo see that the corner poulterer's shop is still open, and i two Prize Turkeys. One is the size of a boy, the other a Happy crowds pour forth into the streets on their way to their Sunday best. Scrooge and the Spirit press on into C
34) 0) text: MRS CRATCHIT, Bob Cratchit's wife, dressed out but poorly gown, but brave in ribbons, which are cheap and make a go sixpence; and she lays the table-cloth, assisted by BELIN daughters, also brave in ribbons; while the adolescent Ma plunges a fork into the saucepan of potatoes, then into h smaller Cratchits, boy and girl, come tearing in, screami incomprehensible; and basking in luxurious thoughts of sa young Cratchits dance about the table. The eldest, Peter fire, until the slow potatoes, bubbling up, knock loudly
43) 0) text: Where someone else sets down an empty glass: a wretched w -- the one Scrooge saw from his window during the visit one of many destitute people, wrapped in blankets, lying crowded room. Scrooge watches as a young BOY comes around glass. Others like him attend to a multitude of the sick
43) 2) dialog: Do you feel rested now?
43) 4) dialog: I don't know. He can only smile weakly, touch her arm, and move on. He of familiar faces: the two portly gentlemen who paid a vi day before seeking a charitable donation. They stand off surveying the scene with mixed emotions.
61) 3) dialog: Eh?
61) 5) dialog: To-day? Why, Christmas Day.
61) 7) dialog: Hallo!
61) 9) dialog: I should hope I did.
61) 10) text: (to himself) An intelligent boy! A remarkable boy! (to the boy) Do you know whether they've sold the prize Turkey that was hanging up there? Not the little prize Turkey; the big one?
61) 11) dialog: What, the one as big as me?
61) 13) dialog: It's hanging there now.
61) 15) dialog: Walk-er!
63) 4) text: Scrooge chuckles as he pays for the Turkey, chuckles as h chuckles as he recompenses the boy, chuckles as he sits d his sitting-room chair again, and chuckles till he cries. Scrooge shaves at his wash-basin. His hand shakes very mu he is laughing and dancing with joy. At one point, he nic laughs even harder. Out in the street, Scrooge is dressed in his Sunday best. crowds pour forth, as he had seen them with the Ghost of Walking with his hands behind him, Scrooge regards every smile. He looks so irresistibly pleasant that three or fo fellows say, "Good morning, sir! A merry Christmas to you as if these are the sweetest sounds he's ever heard and r Farther down the street, Scrooge suddenly tenses up. Comi he sees the portly gentleman, who had walked into his cou before, and said, "Scrooge and Marley's, I believe?" Scro moment, then resolves himself to what he must do. He quic takes the gentleman by both his hands.
63) 10) text: Several views of Scrooge in church. It's been years since he looks around nervously upon entering. During the singi everyone knows the words by heart, save Scrooge -- who ra through a hymn-book, until the little boy sitting on his own hymn-book opened to the correct page, whereupon Scroo thanks. Later, Scrooge pulls out a huge wad of bills and much money in the collection plate before handing it to t on his left -- and upon seeing her startled look, he hast more bills from the wad and places them in the plate with Scrooge walks about the streets, watches the people hurry children on the head, questions beggars, looks down into houses, up into the windows: and finds that all these thi pleasure.