26) 6) text: In a minute, Dick and Ebenezer have every movable packed and watered, the lamps trimmed, fuel heaped on the fire; as snug, and warm, and dry, and bright a ball-room. A fiddler with a music-book enters, goes up to the lofty instrument and starts to play. MRS. FEZZIWIG, one vast su enters. Three MISS FEZZIWIGS, beaming and lovable, enter. whose hearts they broke, enter. All the young men and wom business enter, one after another; some shyly, some boldl some awkwardly, some pushing, some pulling -- twenty coup half round and back again the other way; down the middle and round in various stages of affectionate grouping; as Fezziwig, clapping his hands, crying out, “Well done!" Th his face in a pot of porter and then pops up again, refreshed Throughout, Scrooge and the Ghost watch. Or, rather, the Scrooge lives and re-lives every moment. He points out th Ghost and talks about them animatedly, though we can't he noise. Eventually, he ditches the Ghost like a bad blind his younger self ‘round the room, listening in on convers along with various jokes. More dancing. Also eating: cake, negus, a great piece of piece of Cold Boiled, mince-pies, and plenty of beer. The "Sir Roger de Coverley." Old Fezziwig dances with Mrs. Fe impressive display: advance and retire, hold hands with y curtsey; corkscrew; thread-the-needle, and back again to Ebenezer, too, dances up a storm as his elder self looks The clock strikes eleven as the party winds down. Mr and their stations, one on either side of the door, and shake person individually as he or she goes out, wishes him or Christmas. When everyone has gone but the two 'prentices, them; Suddenly, all is very quiet as the young men are le Scrooge remembers the Ghost, and becomes conscious that i upon him, while the light upon its head burns very clear.
26) 10) dialog: The sweetest! Didja see him dancin' with the Missus -- and the look on his face?
26) 12) dialog: He was in Heaven -- and fully deserved to be.
26) 14) dialog: Oh, wasn't he marvelous? Nothing's too good for Fezziwig. I'd say this year's party was finer than the last -- if such a thing is possible. As the boys head into another room, the Ghost turns to S
27) 0) text: The black hole of a freshly dug grave -- on a frosty gree under a sunny blue sky. Nearby is Ebenezer, older now, a life, but without the harsh and rigid lines of later year signs of care and avarice. An eager, greedy, restless mot eye. He sits on a bench under a shady tree watching a fai mourning-dress placing flowers by a tombstone -- her tear light that shines out of the Ghost of Christmas Past, who opposite side of the ‘stone. An astonished Scrooge stands staring at her, his face just inches from hers.
27) 3) dialog: What Idol has displaced you?
27) 5) dialog: (tries to be reasonable) This is the even-handed dealing of the world! There is nothing on which it is so hard as poverty; and there is nothing it professes to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth!
27) 7) dialog: What then? Even if I have grown so much wiser, what then? I am not changed towards you. Belle shakes her head.
27) 8) dialog: Am I?
27) 10) dialog: (impatiently) I was a boy. 'Tis true, I am not now what I was then.
27) 12) dialog: Have I ever sought release?
27) 14) dialog: In what, then?
27) 16) dialog: You think not.