26) 2) dialog: Yo ho, there! Ebenezer! Dick! Immediately, EBENEZER -- Scrooge's younger self, now a gr briskly in, accompanied by his fellow-'prentice, DICK.
26) 4) dialog: Yo ho, my boys! No more work to-night. Christmas Eve, Dick. Christmas, Ebenezer! Let's have the shutters up... (claps his hands, sharply) ... before a man can say, Jack Robinson! Dick and Ebenezer charge into the street with the shutter -- have them up in their places -- four, five, six -- bar seven, eight, nine -- and come back before the count of t race-horses. Fezziwig skips down from the high desk, with
26) 5) dialog: Hilli-ho! Clear away, my lads, and let's have lots of room here! Hilli-ho, Dick! Chirrup, Ebenezer!
26) 6) text: In a minute, Dick and Ebenezer have every movable packed and watered, the lamps trimmed, fuel heaped on the fire; as snug, and warm, and dry, and bright a ball-room. A fiddler with a music-book enters, goes up to the lofty instrument and starts to play. MRS. FEZZIWIG, one vast su enters. Three MISS FEZZIWIGS, beaming and lovable, enter. whose hearts they broke, enter. All the young men and wom business enter, one after another; some shyly, some boldl some awkwardly, some pushing, some pulling -- twenty coup half round and back again the other way; down the middle and round in various stages of affectionate grouping; as Fezziwig, clapping his hands, crying out, “Well done!" Th his face in a pot of porter and then pops up again, refreshed Throughout, Scrooge and the Ghost watch. Or, rather, the Scrooge lives and re-lives every moment. He points out th Ghost and talks about them animatedly, though we can't he noise. Eventually, he ditches the Ghost like a bad blind his younger self ‘round the room, listening in on convers along with various jokes. More dancing. Also eating: cake, negus, a great piece of piece of Cold Boiled, mince-pies, and plenty of beer. The "Sir Roger de Coverley." Old Fezziwig dances with Mrs. Fe impressive display: advance and retire, hold hands with y curtsey; corkscrew; thread-the-needle, and back again to Ebenezer, too, dances up a storm as his elder self looks The clock strikes eleven as the party winds down. Mr and their stations, one on either side of the door, and shake person individually as he or she goes out, wishes him or Christmas. When everyone has gone but the two 'prentices, them; Suddenly, all is very quiet as the young men are le Scrooge remembers the Ghost, and becomes conscious that i upon him, while the light upon its head burns very clear.