5) 0) text: Scrooge's clerk, BOB CRATCHIT, sits in a dismal little ce copying letters. There's a very small fire, so small that there's only one lump of coal. The clerk puts on his whit -- and failing -- to warm himself at the candle. Fred app his face ruddy and handsome; his eyes sparkle, and his br cold. He grins at Bob Cratchit who raises an eyebrow, sur Fred crosses to the doorway of an adjacent office in whic hunched over a desk, busily writing.
5) 1) dialog: A merry Christmas, uncle! God save you! The person at the desk spins around, glaring at the intru
5) 3) dialog: Christmas a humbug, uncle? You don't mean that, I am sure.
5) 5) dialog: Come, then. What right have you to be dismal? What reason have you to be morose? You're rich enough. Scrooge has no better answer ready.
5) 7) dialog: Don't be cross, uncle. Fred enters the office and crosses to a gothic window in is visible the ancient tower of a church.
5) 9) dialog: Uncle!
5) 11) dialog: Keep it! But you don't keep it.
5) 13) dialog: (casually) There are many things from which I might have derived good, by which I have not profited, I dare say. Christmas among the rest. But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round -- apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that -- as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys. And therefore, uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it has done me good, and will do me good; and I say, God bless it! Bob Cratchit, still in the tank, involuntarily applauds. sensible of the impropriety, he quickly pokes the fire, a last frail spark.
5) 15) dialog: Don't be angry, uncle. Come! Dine with us to-morrow. (a long pause) Will you come see us?
5) 17) dialog: (astonished) But why? Why?
5) 19) dialog: (confused) Because I fell in love. Scrooge looks at him as if falling in love was the only t more ridiculous than a merry Christmas.
5) 21) dialog: Uncle, you never came to see me before that happened. Why give it as a reason for not coming now?
5) 23) dialog: I want nothing from you; I ask nothing of you; why can't we be friends?
5) 25) dialog: I am sorry, with all my heart, to find you so resolute. We have never had any quarrel, to which I have been a party. But I have made the trial in homage to Christmas, and I'll keep my Christmas humour to the last. So a Merry Christmas, uncle!
5) 27) dialog: And a Happy New Year!
5) 29) dialog: How is Mrs Cratchit and all the small, assorted Cratchits?
5) 31) dialog: All champing at the bit waiting for Christmas to begin, eh?
5) 33) dialog: And the little lame boy. Which one is he? Tim?
5) 35) dialog: That's right. How is he?
5) 37) dialog: Good. A merry Christmas to you.
5) 39) dialog: Thank you. Bob Cratchit watches Fred exit, then glances at Scrooge's to find Scrooge glaring at him.
41) 0) text: A bright, dry, gleaming room in a finely-appointed house. standing smiling by Scrooge's side, looks at Scrooge's ne affability. Scrooge's nephew Fred laughs: holding his sid head, and twisting his face into the most extravagant con NIECE, by marriage, laughs as heartily as he. And their a being not a bit behindhand, roar out lustily.
41) 1) dialog: He said that Christmas was a humbug, as I live! He believed it too!
41) 4) dialog: He's a comical old fellow, that's the truth: and not so pleasant as he might be. However, his offences carry their own punishment, and I have nothing to say against him.
41) 6) dialog: What of that, my dear? His wealth is of no use to him. He don't do any good with it. He don't make himself comfortable with it. He hasn't the satisfaction of thinking -- ha, ha, ha! -- that he is ever going to benefit Us with it.
41) 9) dialog: Oh, I have! I am sorry for him; I couldn't be angry with him if I tried. Who suffers by his ill whims? Himself, always. Here, he takes it into his head to dislike us, and he won't come and dine with us. What's the consequence? He don't lose much of a dinner.
41) 11) dialog: If that's so, it may be because my mother, God rest her saintly soul, was very fond of him. She loved him. The Spirit glances at Scrooge who tries to appear unmoved
41) 13) dialog: I was only going to say, that the consequence of his taking a dislike to us, and not making merry with us, is, as I think, that he loses some pleasant moments, which could do him no harm. I am sure he loses pleasanter companions than he can find in his own thoughts, either in his mouldy old office, or his dusty chambers. I mean to give him the same chance every year, whether he likes it or not, for I pity him. He may rail at Christmas till he dies, but he can't help thinking better of it -- I defy him -- if he finds me going there, in good temper, year after year, and saying Uncle Scrooge, how are you? If it only puts him in the vein to leave his poor clerk fifty pounds, that's something; and I think I shook him yesterday. Before Fred finishes, one of the female guests has begun little tune upon the harp; and the others choose partners about the room. There might be twenty people there, young all dance. The rhythm is infectious and Scrooge keeps tim enjoying himself in a quiet way. The Spirit seems greatly in this mood.
42) 3) dialog: (to Topper) Oh, dear. What do I have to do?
42) 7) dialog: Ah, all right. Well .... Oh, I've got it.
42) 9) dialog: Yes. Fire away.
42) 12) dialog: (grins) Yes.
42) 15) dialog: Yes.
42) 17) dialog: (laughs) Well ...
42) 19) dialog: Yes. I'm afraid so.
42) 21) dialog: No! Wouldn't go near it.
42) 23) dialog: No!
42) 25) dialog: No!
42) 28) dialog: Yes!
42) 30) dialog: (laughs, clutches his sides) No! Maybe a pack-rat.
42) 35) dialog: Yes! Everybody, even the Spirit, roars with laughter, except S stunned -- and a trifle humiliated. The niece, right besi mischievously and wags a finger at Fred.
42) 37) dialog: He has given us plenty of merriment, I am sure, and it would be ungrateful not to drink his health. I say, 'Uncle Scrooge!'"
42) 39) dialog: A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to the old man, whatever he is! He wouldn't take it from me, but may he have it, nevertheless. Uncle Scrooge! The Ghost and Scrooge exchange glances. The niece drinks empty glass.
66) 0) text: Scrooge sees his nephew Fred surrounded by his party gues long, hearty laugh, exactly as Scrooge had heard it when
66) 1) dialog: He said that Christmas was a humbug, as I live! He believed it too!
66) 4) dialog: Why bless my soul! Who's that? Scrooge turns around to face his astonished nephew, then his way through the guests to confront him.
66) 8) dialog: Let you in! I -- Fred bursts out laughing again and shakes Scrooge's hand mercy he doesn't take his arm off. Fred is still laughing other guests crowd around Scrooge, greeting him, patting bringing him a drink. Some of the others move away from h among themselves: Surely this isn't the Uncle Scrooge!