34) 0) text: MRS CRATCHIT, Bob Cratchit's wife, dressed out but poorly gown, but brave in ribbons, which are cheap and make a go sixpence; and she lays the table-cloth, assisted by BELIN daughters, also brave in ribbons; while the adolescent Ma plunges a fork into the saucepan of potatoes, then into h smaller Cratchits, boy and girl, come tearing in, screami incomprehensible; and basking in luxurious thoughts of sa young Cratchits dance about the table. The eldest, Peter fire, until the slow potatoes, bubbling up, knock loudly
34) 1) dialog: What has ever got your precious father then. And your brother, Tiny Tim! And Martha warn't as late last Christmas Day by half-an-hour! As if on cue, MARTHA, the eldest daughter, enters.
34) 4) dialog: Why, bless your heart alive, my dear, how late you are! Mrs Cratchit, kisses Martha, and takes off her shawl and officious zeal.
34) 6) dialog: Well! Never mind so long as you are come. Sit ye down before the fire, my dear, and have a warm, Lord bless ye!
34) 9) dialog: Not coming.
34) 11) dialog: And how did little Tim behave in church?
34) 13) dialog: (quietly) Yes, dear. He is. With his active little crutch, Tiny Tim returns, escorted sister to his stool before the fire;
34) 15) text: Bob Cratchit turns up his cuffs and compounds some hot mi gin and lemons, and stirs it round and round and puts it simmer; Peter, and the two ubiquitous young Cratchits fet carry it to the table. Mrs Cratchit pours the gravy, hiss mashed the potatoes with incredible vigour; Miss Belinda apple-sauce; Martha dusts the hot plates; Bob takes Tiny tiny corner at the table; the two young Cratchits set cha not forgetting themselves. At last, the table is set -- g and mashed potatoes.
34) 23) dialog: Thank you, Tim. After a DISSOLVE, Miss Belinda changes the plates. Mrs Cr nervous.
34) 24) dialog: I can't stand to look at the pudding. Suppose it should not be done enough? Suppose it should break in turning out?
34) 36) dialog: (blushes) The Founder of the Feast indeed! I wish I had him here. I'd give him a piece of my mind to feast upon, and I hope he'd have a good appetite for it.
34) 38) dialog: It should be Christmas Day, I am sure, on which one drinks the health of such an odious, stingy, hard, unfeeling man as Mr Scrooge. You know he is, Robert! Nobody knows it better than you do, poor fellow!
34) 40) dialog: I'll drink his health for your sake and the Day's, not for his. Long life to him. A merry Christmas and a happy new year! He'll be very merry and very happy, I have no doubt ! The children drink the toast after her, the first time th heartiness. Tiny Tim drinks last of all, not caring. Scro Ogre of the family and turns away from them, toward the w evening sun sets.
53) 0) text: Mrs. Cratchit and the children sit round the fire. Quiet. noisy little Cratchits are as still as statues in one cor up at Peter, who has a book before him. The mother and he
53) 3) dialog: No, no. It's only the colour. It hurts my eyes. Scrooge is puzzled by this: he peers intently at the grou colour of the material in the women's hands. Mrs. Cratchi composure.
53) 4) dialog: They're better now again. It makes them weak by candle-light; and I wouldn't show weak eyes to your father when he comes home, for the world. It must be near his time.
53) 6) dialog: I have known him walk with -- I have known him walk with Tiny Tim upon his shoulder, very fast indeed.
53) 8) dialog: But he was very light to carry, and his father loved him so, that it was no trouble: no trouble. A noise stirs her.
53) 9) dialog: And there is your father at the door! Bob in his comforter comes in -- alone. As the family gre of tea in an unusually subdued fashion, it finally dawns happened.
53) 12) dialog: Knew what?
53) 16) dialog: I'm sure he's a good soul.
53) 18) dialog: Hear that, Peter?