34) 0) text: MRS CRATCHIT, Bob Cratchit's wife, dressed out but poorly gown, but brave in ribbons, which are cheap and make a go sixpence; and she lays the table-cloth, assisted by BELIN daughters, also brave in ribbons; while the adolescent Ma plunges a fork into the saucepan of potatoes, then into h smaller Cratchits, boy and girl, come tearing in, screami incomprehensible; and basking in luxurious thoughts of sa young Cratchits dance about the table. The eldest, Peter fire, until the slow potatoes, bubbling up, knock loudly
34) 15) text: Bob Cratchit turns up his cuffs and compounds some hot mi gin and lemons, and stirs it round and round and puts it simmer; Peter, and the two ubiquitous young Cratchits fet carry it to the table. Mrs Cratchit pours the gravy, hiss mashed the potatoes with incredible vigour; Miss Belinda apple-sauce; Martha dusts the hot plates; Bob takes Tiny tiny corner at the table; the two young Cratchits set cha not forgetting themselves. At last, the table is set -- g and mashed potatoes.
53) 0) text: Mrs. Cratchit and the children sit round the fire. Quiet. noisy little Cratchits are as still as statues in one cor up at Peter, who has a book before him. The mother and he
53) 1) dialog: (reads aloud) ... He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day; Nor for the pestilence that walketh in Peter looks up hand up to her darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday. A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee. Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation; There shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling. For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name. He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him.... to see Mrs Cratchit lay her work upon the table and put h face.
53) 2) dialog: Shall I stop reading?
53) 5) dialog: Past it rather. But I think he has walked a little slower than he used to these last few evenings, mother. Peter shuts his Bible. They are very quiet again. A long Cratchit speaks in a steady, cheerful voice, that only fa
53) 7) dialog: And so have I. Often.
53) 14) dialog: Everybody knows that.
53) 20) dialog: (grins) Get along with you!