1) 0) text: Moments later. He comes walking up a small alley and sits to drink his b He begins to relax. This is his quality private time. Then he hears something and looks up. He peeks up over the edge of some junked kitchen applianc and sees... Two teenage kids -- Warren and Amy -- smoking crack and h sex. Simon looks on, intrigued, as Warren smokes, then...
1) 2) text: Amy takes the pipe and smokes as he feels her up. Simon is fascinated. He drinks and looks on as... Amy grins up foolishly at Warren and lowers the pipe. The boy undoes his belt and hikes up the girl's skirt. Simon can't believe this. He looks around to see if the c is clear, then returns just in time to see... Warren takes Amy by the waist and enter her. The pipe falls from the young girl's hand. Warren throws his head back and grinds himself into her. Simon's mouth falls open in awe. But Amy tosses her head back to the side and sees... The amazed garbage man; caught. Amy starts screaming insanely. Simon runs for his life. Amy and Warren throw rocks and bottles at him as they cha him away.
6) 0) text: This is a convenience store with a number of tables at wh to eat donuts. Warren is shoplifting while Amy terrorizes Gnoc Deng, the Vietnamese cashier, who stares out at them from behind th safety of the counter.
6) 1) dialog: Say something.
6) 3) dialog: What?
6) 5) text: Amy looks back at Gnoc, snarls, then follows the cashier' gaze to the door. Simon enters. Clutching Henry's cash, he stops dead in hi tracks when he sees... Warren and Amy. He steps forward and approaches the beer cooler. Warren and Amy hover around, just out of reach, like a co of vampires. Dragging a six-pack out of the cooler, Simon crosses to t counter. Warren and Amy hang back, silent and threatening Gnoc rings up the purchase and glances over at... Amy, staring a hole into the side of Simon's skull. Gnoc hands Simon back his change and he makes for the doo but... Warren shoves himself between it and Simon. Simon freezes. Warren is expressionless. Simon looks back Amy. She turns away, reaches up under her skirt, jerks do her panties, then leans forward on to the counter. Leerin back over her shoulder, she hisses...
6) 6) dialog: Kiss my ass.
6) 7) text: Simon is nonplussed. Gnoc presses a button on the wall that sets... A red light flashing above the stockroom door. Warren grabs Simon by the neck and drags him over to Amy' bare behind. Amy laughs as Simon is forced to his knees a has his face shoved up right into the crack of her ass. But then... Simon throws up all over her. Warren falls back in disgust. Gnoc covers her face with her hands. Amy looks around at herself, realizes, and starts screami bloody murder. Simon falls back on to the floor, clutching his stomach, Amy staggers around with her vomit-strewn underwear down  around her ankles. Then Gnoc's father, Mr Deng, appears at the stockroom doo holding a shovel and ready to fight.
6) 9) text: Mr Deng comes running at them and Warren drags Amy from t store. Simon crawls out of the way as the old man throws  open the door to the parking lot and screams at the retre delinquents...
12) 0) text: That evening. Simon sits with his evening beer and his new collection o soiled classics. He cracks open a volume of Shakespeare a tries to read. It's an obvious struggle. He puts it aside and lifts up Wordsworth, studying its cover and the textu of the pages. A page flutters away and he climbs down to edge of a greasy puddle to retrieve it. It's now wet and  torn, so he flattens it out on the concrete and tries to it back into the book. He reads a little, furrowing his brow, then drinks. He bi his lip and tries again. He sits back, exhausted and thinks. He hears a twig snap looks back over his shoulder to see... Amy throws a bottle at his head. Smash!!!! He falls to the ground, blood streaming down hi neck. Warren runs over and grabs him by the shirt, lifting him of the puddle and smacking him in the head. Amy runs forward and waits with a rolled-up newspaper whi she sets aflame with her lighter. Warren punches Simon in the stomach and throws him to the ground, then unzips his fly and pisses on him. Amy watches, giggling excitedly, waving the flaming torch Simon crawls away and grabs hold of an old section of fen while Warren zips up and grabs the fire from Amy. Simon pulls himself to his knees, rests his face against rusted fence and gasps for breath. Warren waves the flami torch in his face.
12) 2) text: Amy comes nearer with a can of gasoline. Simon pulls hims to his feet as she splashes him with fuel. Warren is wavi the torch deliriously above his head.
12) 4) text: Warren stops. Amy steps back and lowers the gas can. Simon turns with effort to face them, adjusts his glasses and continues...
12) 6) text: Warren watches him blankly, then is burned by the torch w is too hot to handle. He drops it. Amy giggles, then stops, excited, but confused. Simon grips the rusted chainlink so that it cuts into his hands and stares straight at Warren.
12) 8) text: Warren is transfixed. He shivers and looks at Amy, who st back, scared, and puts down the gas can. She turns and wa away. Warren looks back at Simon, troubled. He hangs there still, glaring at him. Further away, Warren rejoins Amy and stares at his hands. Amy looks ill.
12) 10) dialog: Take me home.
23) 0) text: Later. Simon is bent over his notebook, consulting a dictionary, hard at work. Amy and three kids are grouped around the register, readi the page Henry taped up earlier. As they read, Amy glance anxiously back at Simon. They finish reading and stand back.
23) 3) text: Amy nods 'Yes', then leads them towards Simon. Simon scribbles away.
23) 4) dialog: (off) Pardon me, Simon.
23) 5) text: He looks up, sees her, panics and slides away on the seat Amy looks down and bites her lip, contrite. She sighs.
23) 6) dialog: Uhm. Look, ah... I'm the editor of  the high school newspaper now and...
23) 8) dialog: One of the editors, and we...
23) 10) dialog: I... wanted to know if we could print  your poem in this month's issue.
23) 13) dialog: Because I think it's great.
23) 18) dialog: (to Simon) Please?
50) 17) text: Amy's girlfriend, Chris, leans forward studiously and ask
50) 35) dialog: Hey, I'm not a groupie.
50) 37) dialog: Yeah.
50) 39) text: Fay and Amy talk tech as...
50) 41) dialog: (looking up) What's 'scatalogical' mean?
50) 44) dialog: That's what the Board of Education  called Simon's poem, yesterday;  scatological.
65) 0) text: Henry paces back and forth. With the fingers of one hand  pressed against his forehead and his eyes closed tight in concentration, he dictates to Amy, who is sitting at a ta with her laptop computer, typing his every word.
65) 2) text: Amy types away, fascinated by Henry's intelligence.
65) 5) dialog: How do you spell that?
65) 7) dialog: Ontologically.
65) 9) dialog: Never mind.
65) 11) text: He smokes, drinks, paces some more. Amy waits with bated  breath, devastated by his obscure profundity. He comes ba and sits beside her, reaching his conclusion.
65) 13) text: She gazes at his profile, in love. Henry sits thinking and Amy watches him reverently. She l over close and whispers in his ear. He turns and looks at her, alarmed.
65) 15) dialog: You feel the same way. I can tell. I  can see it when you look at me.
65) 18) dialog: Yes you do. In the street. In the  parking lot yesterday. That night on  the highway.
65) 20) text: Disappointed, Amy turns away and sulks.
65) 21) dialog: You think I'm stupid.
65) 24) dialog: (looks up, pouts) You do?
72) 0) text: Moments later. Henry steps out of the store and stops when he sees Amy  standing there, pouting. He looks away and sighs. Amy pic at the fabric of her stockings and bites her lip.
72) 1) dialog: Henry?
72) 4) dialog: What kind of... Well, I mean... What  kind of... perverse things would you  do to me?
72) 7) dialog: No, really.
101) 19) text: The doors of the church swing open with a tremendous crea and everyone turns from the altar to see... Amy enter. She steps in and stands there, alarmed, clutch a long scroll of fax paper.
101) 22) text: Simon walks down the aisle to see to Amy. The guests watch and wait. As Simon reaches her, Amy looks away from the altar and s him the fax scroll.
101) 23) dialog: Look.
101) 26) dialog: It's all over the Internet.
101) 28) dialog: They're even talking about it on the  TV news.
101) 31) text: Amy hurries along beside him.
101) 32) dialog: There's a guy from the radio station  over at World of Donuts and a story  in the newspaper about some kids  burning down a school near Boston!
102) 8) text: The TV is switched off. It's later now. People are passed out on the kitchen floor and various neighbors are sittin around the table. Fay steps back from the TV, drains a gl of beer and wipes her mouth on the sleeve of her wedding  gown. She hugs Simon, who is deeply unsettled by the news his growing infamy.