142) 0) text: He comes into the hotel and rings an annoying buzzer whic brings out the concierge, who is in his little office,  watching TV.
142) 1) dialog: Yeah, what do you want?
142) 3) dialog: What's his name?
142) 5) text: The concierge looks through his book as Ned waits.
142) 6) dialog: There ain't no one here by that name.
142) 7) text: Ned pulls the envelope from his pocket, unfolds it and sh it to the concierge.
142) 9) text: The concierge studies the envelope and hands it back.
142) 10) dialog: This is post marked five years ago.
142) 12) dialog: What does he look like?
142) 14) dialog: Sorry, kid. Can't help ya.
142) 15) text: Ned steps away from the front desk and moves towards the  door. But then he stops and looks back at... The concierge, sitting back in his office, returning his  attention to the TV set. The boy heads for the elevator. The concierge looks up and sees him.
142) 16) dialog: (jumping up) Hey!
142) 17) text: Ned checks his step and runs for the service stairs. The concierge goes after him.
143) 0) text: Moments later. Ned runs up the stairs, the concierge in pursuit.
144) 0) text: Moments later. Ned jumps out into the hall, narrowly escaping the clutch of the concierge, who falls to the floor. Ned runs up the hall, checking the room numbers as the  concierge gets to his feet. He finds... Room 423. He knocks. The concierge strides up the hall towards him. Ned knocks again. The concierge bears down upon him. He knocks again and... The door opens a crack, held by its safety chain. A femal figure in silhouette is at the narrow gap. Ned looks from the door to the concierge approaching. The concierge arrives and reaches out for him, but the do opens wide and Ned dives in.
145) 0) text: Same time. The concierge stands in the hallway. The door swings shut his face. Ned kneels on the floor of the hotel room, waiting to be  smacked, or something. But when nothing happens, he opens his eyes and looks bac over his shoulder at... Laura, the secretary from the publishing house. She is dr for travel and has her coat hung over her arm, a suitcase her hand. She smiles at him, then looks from the boy to  someone across the room and... Ned follows her gaze to find... Simon, standing there before him, a suitcase in his hand well. He looks down at Ned with a calm, intrigued express The boy looks up at him in awe. Simon steps forward, pauses, then...