2) 0) text: Moments later. Simon runs up and throws open the screen door. He stands  there in the doorway catching his breath. His sister, Fay, is at the kitchen table watching a small portable TV while their mother, Mary, sits a few feet awa in the living-room watching another TV tuned to a differe channel.
2) 1) dialog: (to Simon) Where the hell have you been? (to Mary) Mom, come on and eat.
2) 3) dialog: (pissed) Then why'd I cook!
2) 6) text: Fay holds her head in her hands and sighs. She glares at brother.
2) 7) dialog: Sit down and eat, Simon.
2) 8) text: Simon sits at the table and Fay slams down before him a b of some sort of gruel. He hesitates, then lifts his spoon Supper is horrible and he screws up his face in disgust. gives him a sideways glance and he leans back down over t bowl and eats some more. Pushing the bowl away gently, he reaches out for the cont of milk on the table and drinks straight from it. He suddenly jumps back and spits out sour milk all over t table. The container drops to the floor and thick globs o cheese roll out. He stands back against the fridge, holding his stomach  while... Fay and Mary look on in disgust.
3) 0) text: Moments later. Simon crosses the lawn and sits on the curb outside his h He stares at the ground before him as he holds his stomac and spits, sickened. He looks up, though, and sees... A little seven-year-old girl -- Pearl age seven -- standi there in the street watching him. Simon tries to smile at her. But she throws a rock at him and hits him in the head. He falls forward, hurt, as the little girl runs away. Low his hand, he sees he's bleeding. Desperate, lonely and il he drags his bloodied fingers across the coarse pavement. Fay slams out of the side door of the house in a tight-fi dress and stands on the lawn, applying lipstick.
3) 1) dialog: God, I wanna get fucked.
3) 2) text: Fay snaps shut her compact, straightens her skirt and sig
3) 3) dialog: You OK?
3) 4) text: Simon loses track of what he is hearing and relaxes. He l back at his sister. Fay fluffs out her hair and walks off.
3) 5) dialog: See ya later.
14) 0) text: Twenty minutes later. Fay is in the bathroom helping Simon out of his clothes,  trying to clean his wounds.
14) 1) dialog: (calling) Shit, Mom, we gotta get him to a  hospital!
14) 3) dialog: Oh, shut up! Turn around.
14) 24) dialog: Keep still!
14) 26) dialog: (fed up) Fine! You do it, Simon! I don't care!
14) 28) dialog: Mom! Simon's got a broken rib, his  shoulder's dislocated or something,  and he won't let me disinfect the  gash in his head!
14) 30) dialog: (stamping her foot) But he won't go!
14) 32) text: Simon reaches out and slams the bathroom door. Fay looks from the bathroom door down the stairs to Mary. Mary, her nerves rattled, glances over at Mr Deng, who tu and leaves the house. Henry lights a fresh cigarette, loosens his tie and heads upstairs.
16) 0) text: An hour later. Fay cringes outside Simon's room as Henry goes about sett her brother's arm.
16) 16) text: Simon bites down on the towel and grips the edge of the b with his free hand. Henry sits on his legs and gently rai the broken arm. Outside the door, Fay bites her knuckles. Further down th hall, Mary listens from her bedroom.
16) 20) text: Fay turns and runs down the stairs. Mary backs away into room and shuts the door.
17) 0) text: Later that night. Henry comes downstairs and stops, tired. Fay is sitting a the table with a bottle of gin and two glasses. She has d herself up a little and Henry likes what he sees. He look her over and she smiles. He sits. She pours. They drink.
17) 1) dialog: So, do you have, like, you know, a  girlfriend, Henry?
17) 3) text: They drink again in silence. He lights her cigarette and  they watch each other closely. Finally, Fay leans on the  table and twirls a strand of her hair between her fingers
17) 4) dialog: Do you find me attractive?
17) 6) dialog: I look young for my age, don't I?
17) 8) dialog: How old do you think I am?
17) 10) dialog: (playfully) How young?
17) 12) dialog: But how... I mean, do I look more  like twenty, or... you know, thirty?
17) 15) text: Fay jumps up, furious.
17) 16) dialog: Listen, you geek, after a couple of  drinks plenty of people mistake me  for eighteen!
22) 0) text: Later that day. Simon works on his poem at the kitchen table while Fay fl through a magazine and watches TV. Mary, lying on the cou in her bathrobe, watches her own TV. The cacophony is augmented by the rattling dishwasher and the trucks rumbling by on the highway outside. Mary looks over at her son, suspicious, and leans off the couch.
22) 4) text: Mary looks at Fay, who looks up from her magazine and  considers her brother. Then they break out laughing. Simon looks on. They laugh and laugh and laugh...
24) 0) text: That evening. Fay comes downstairs in only a towel and wet hair. She  switches on the TV and looks for cigarettes. She finds Ma pills on the table and remembers to ask...
24) 1) dialog: Ma, you take your medication?
24) 2) text: Mary is lying on the couch. She drags her eyes from the T and glances lazily at Fay, then back to the TV.
24) 3) dialog: (to herself) Guess so.
24) 4) text: She sits at the kitchen table and lifts her magazine. Henry shows up at the kitchen door with a pile of library books. His eyes brighten when he sees... Fay sitting there wearing only her towel. He knocks. She  looks back over her shoulder and sees him.
24) 6) dialog: (disdainfully) What do you want?
24) 9) dialog: Well, leave 'em there on the counter,  then.
24) 10) text: He comes in and stacks the books near the sink. Fay prete to ignore him, but rakes her fingers through her wet hair anyway, to show more shoulder. This is not lost on Henry, who tarries and leans back aga the counter, salivating. Fay flips through her magazine and Henry steps closer and leans against the fridge. She casts a bored glance in his direction, then returns h attention to the TV. She senses him step aside and follow his movements without turning. Suddenly his hand appears  from behind her and gently strokes her hair. She freezes, waits, wonders... He leans his face down beside her. She looks at him. He l at her, then down to... Her bare legs crossed before her on the kitchen chair. Hi hand moves down and slides itself deep in between her thi Her mouth drops open. He looks back up at her. He grins. Fay jumps up and away, breathlessly clutching the towel a herself. Henry casts a glance over her body, throws his hair back of his face and shivers with lust. Fay steps back and grabs hold of the staircase banister,  making an unconvincing gesture of injured pride. Henry comes closer and she steps backwards up the stairs. He stops, loosens his tie, holding her with his gaze. She readjusts her towel, throws back her wet hair, sighs  defiantly, then sashays into her room, leaving the door a Henry waits there at the foot of the stairs, reaches down grabs his crotch and repositions his hard-on. He takes a  step up the stairs, then stops. He looks over to the couc and sees... Mary, lying there, sedately amazed. He pauses, then grins. Mary blinks and smiles sleepily.
26) 0) text: Same time. Fay lies across her bed in her towel, holding a pose and  glancing anxiously back at the door. Finally, losing her  patience, she gets up.
26) 1) dialog: Where is he?
26) 3) dialog: Henry?
26) 5) dialog: (screaming) Mommy!!!!!
26) 6) text: They fall away from each other in terror and fatigue. Mar clutches wildly at her bathrobe as Henry falls over the c table, stumbles to his feet and pulls up his trousers. Fay is crushed. She breaks out in tears and runs upstairs Henry catches his breath and starts after her, but stops, uncertain and confused.
30) 0) text: Moments later. Simon comes upstairs and stops outside his bedroom door w he sees... Fay, passed out drunk on her bed. Her clothes are half of and her lipstick smeared. She still grips a bottle of teq in her hand. Simon hesitates, but then goes in and removes her shoes. gets her out of her jacket and rolls her into the bed. Her bare limbs have their effect on Simon and he finds hi staring at her thigh. He reaches out and almost caresses her leg where her hike up skirt reveals the bottom of her behind. He catches him snaps his hand away and covers Fay with a blanket. He flees.
33) 10) dialog: (off) Oh, shit! Not you again!
33) 11) text: Fay is on the stairs, hungover and disgusted. Henry throw up his hands and gets up to go.
33) 13) dialog: Yeah! Get outta here, you freak!
33) 15) dialog: Eat shit and die, Henry!
33) 18) dialog: Oh, shut up, Mom!
33) 19) text: Fay stomps back upstairs. Mary slams her door shut. Simon runs out after Henry.
36) 11) text: She doesn't respond. He shakes his head and approaches. H sees Fay exit the store...
36) 13) dialog: (stopping) Don't you dare talk that way to me!  And keep your hands off my brother.  Pearl, what are you doing here?
36) 15) text: Fay figures it out and approaches.
36) 16) dialog: You and Vicky get back together?
36) 19) dialog: I saw this retard on TV this morning.
36) 21) dialog: Keep dreamin' Warren. The guy's a  Nazi.
36) 23) dialog: Gimme a light.
36) 25) dialog: You still sell dope?
36) 28) dialog: Come on, Pearl, let's go play at my  house.
41) 1) dialog: What do you mean, you quit?
41) 3) dialog: Why!
41) 5) dialog: Like what?
41) 8) dialog: Are you drunk?
41) 10) dialog: I am not gettin' a job! (paces, then) Who's gunna look after Mom!
41) 12) text: Fay looks at the ceiling and sighs.
41) 13) dialog: Pearl, go outside.
41) 14) text: They wait as the child goes outside. Mary listens, unseen, from her bedroom door. Fay comes over and frowns at her brother. She's about to  lecture him, but he cuts her off.
41) 16) text: Fay tries to control herself. She sighs tiredly and attem to reason with him...
41) 17) dialog: Simon, don't be retarded...
41) 19) text: Fay steps back, startled. Simon stands, but can't decide  which way to go. He sits back down.
41) 21) text: Mary turns away from her door and sits on her bed. Fay leans over the stove, where a large pot of water is  beginning to boil.
41) 22) dialog: Mom can't be left alone with no one  to keep an eye on her.
41) 25) text: Fay's mouth falls open and she staggers back, hurt. Simon regrets it already and stands to leave, scared. But Fay grabs the pot off the stove and hurls it at him, spla boiling water all over his back.
41) 27) text: Outside, Pearl turns and looks back at the house. Simon lies gasping on the floor of the kitchen. Fay falls back against the stove, terrified and drops her head into her hands.
42) 0) text: Later. Fay is crouched on the floor, sobbing, while Simon lies i tub of cold water. Mary comes in with a pathetic little  freezer tray of ice cubes and dumps them into the tub. She steps back into the hall and throws the ice tray down the stairs. She glares back at Fay, who cries even louder Simon stares up at the ceiling. Mary shakes her head and walks into her room, slamming th door behind her.
42) 1) dialog: (sniffling) What happened to her, Simon? How did  she get this way? Will it happen to  me too? Huh? Why are we so fucked  up?
47) 0) text: Simon comes in, excited and preoccupied, and finds Fay wo at the computer.
47) 1) dialog: What's up?
47) 3) dialog: I'm creating my résumé. This  computer's got a program especially  for it. I bought some special  stationery too. It's scented. Look.
47) 5) dialog: It's roses.
47) 8) dialog: (shocked) That's your poem?
47) 10) dialog: (smokes, then) Simon, Mom's right about you. A poem's  supposed to be a small, delicate  kinda thing. Kinda feminine. Gentle.  Look at this. You've made a fuckin'  telephone book.
47) 11) text: He places the notebooks on the table and leaves the house Fay clears the computer screen, pulls the notebooks close and gets down to work.
50) 0) text: Fay comes walking up through the parking lot with Simon's notebooks and a pile of typed papers. She's a wreck; tear stained face and a ball of tissues gripped in her hand li a weapon. She throws open the door to the World of Donuts and looks around. The place is crowded with teenagers hanging around like i was a café or student union. Fay sniffles tragically and falls on the counter.
50) 1) dialog: Gnoc, gimme a value pack of Kleenex,  will ya?
50) 2) text: Gnoc gets the Kleenex while Fay overhears two kids near  Simon's poem...
50) 5) text: Fay pays for her tissues and makes her way to the back of the store where she finds Simon with Henry, who is holdin forth to his friend and the small coterie of high school  students surrounding them...
50) 7) dialog: (sitting) Push over.
50) 10) dialog: (skeptically) When were you in Paris?
50) 12) text: Fay blows her nose and Simon is concerned.
50) 14) dialog: (lighting a cigarette) No, I'm not alright! Your poem brought  my period on a week and half early!  So just shut up. Everybody just shut  up!
50) 20) dialog: (lifting her head) Yeah, but when were you in Paris?
50) 26) dialog: (to Henry) So what about this friend of yours,  Hot Shot? The publisher.
50) 29) dialog: Yeah. Angus James. How about sending  this poem to him?
50) 32) dialog: (to Simon) When's it gunna be done, Simon?
50) 34) dialog: Well, you oughta be home writing  instead of hanging out over here  with all your groupies.
50) 36) dialog: Pardon me, swivel-hips. Is that your  PowerBook?
50) 38) dialog: Can I see it?
50) 39) text: Fay and Amy talk tech as...
51) 0) text: The next day. Fay is frying something on the stove, a cigarette hangs f her lip. A middle-aged woman with a press ID on her lapel appears at the kitchen door and taps.
51) 2) dialog: Yeah, I'm listening.
51) 4) text: Intrigued, Fay steps over to the door with her spatula. S looks Edna over, studies her ID, then steps away and scre upstairs.
51) 5) dialog: Simon!
51) 7) text: Fay comes back over near the door, waving her spatula.
51) 8) dialog: You can't talk to him for, you know,  too long or anything, 'cause he's  gotta, you know... he writes all  day. That's all he does. Can you  believe that?
51) 10) dialog: (calling again) Hey! Simon! Get down here!
51) 12) dialog: Simon, this is Edna. She's from the  newspaper.
51) 15) dialog: (punching him) Simon, answer the woman.
51) 16) text: Simon just looks away, thinks, then wanders back upstairs Mary passes him on his way out of the kitchen and comes u to Fay and Edna at the door.
51) 18) dialog: Mom, this is Edna. Edna, Mom.
51) 21) dialog: Everyone did.
51) 23) dialog: He masturbated constantly.
51) 25) dialog: Till he met Henry.
53) 0) text: Simon talks with Fay as she eats her lunch.
53) 1) dialog: Simon, wake up! The guy's in a dream  world!
53) 3) dialog: His reputation as what?
53) 5) dialog: Gimme a break.
53) 7) dialog: If he's such a great big fat genius,  why doesn't he write books? Like you  do.
53) 9) dialog: Yeah, I bet. It's probably disgusting.
53) 11) dialog: Have you read it?
53) 13) dialog: Yeah, well, what ever. Listen, Simon,  forget Henry. Go straight up to this  Angus James character yourself and  make him read your poem.
53) 15) dialog: I'm gunna apply for a job at the one- hour photo joint and then go over to  the Mall to see about that job in  the bank. Make sure Mom takes her  pills. See ya.
54) 0) text: Mary is sitting, brooding in front of the TV, which displ only static white noise. She turns it off with the remote and sits in silence for a moment. She gets off the couch and moves to the kitchen table, wh Fay's computer sits. She goes over and reaches up above t fridge, opening the cabinet containing Simon's notebooks. She hesitates, then takes them down and holds them in her hands, as if to begin reading. But then she puts them bac She walks over to the piano and stands there, hesitating, before slowly sitting down and opening it. She lifts her  hands to play, then pauses and looks around behind her, m sure no one is there. But, finally, she turns back and begins playing. She plays a sad-sounding modern classical piece with rust accomplishment. At one time she was probably quite good. She plays for a while, gradually letting herself become m by the music. But then she stops, pauses, and looks behin her. Simon is standing in the kitchen. He has been deeply affe by her playing.
69) 0) text: Same time. Fay comes in, hot and tired from walking around in high h
69) 1) dialog: Anybody home? Mom?
69) 3) dialog: Ma, that you?
71) 0) text: Moments later. Fay bangs on the door.
71) 1) dialog: Hey, Henry, you in there? Gimme a  cigarette.
71) 3) dialog: Henry?
74) 0) text: Moments later. Henry comes into his house, hot and bothered, cradling hi six-pack. But he stops, listens, then steps through the  kitchen towards the living-room. He stops in the entrance and sees... Fay on the floor of the living-room, reading his 'Confess her mouth hung open in an astonished 'O'. He drops his six-pack and... She spins around, caught in the act. Henry stands in the doorway, pent up, sweating and with  perverse things on his mind. Fay, her hands palm down on the floor behind her, bites h lip, coquettishly. Henry looks her over like she was something good to eat. She feels his gaze all over her and twists to one side wi a breathless little shudder. He steps nearer, stands over her and she looks up at him.
76) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay kissing passionately...
78) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay groping and shoving one another as they sta from room to room.
80) 0) text: Same time. Fay falls to the couch...
84) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay clutch and grind and heave...
86) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay are making mad, passionate love, oblivious the world around them.
87) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay fuck.
89) 0) text: Simon, Henry, Mr Deng, Fay, Gnoc and Buñuel stand with F Hawkes at the grave.
89) 2) text: He sprinkles holy water on the coffin and they all drop  carnations at the grave. Simon and Fay remain there looki down at the coffin. Henry waits for them a few yards away wishing he could help, but feeling out of place.
94) 0) text: Moments later. Fay, still dressed in black, is tapping away on the keys the computer, surfing the Internet, as Henry appears at t kitchen door, gripping his tall double espresso.
94) 2) dialog: Go away.
94) 5) dialog: Is there something you want?
94) 8) dialog: (resumes typing) Yeah. So what?
94) 11) dialog: I don't wanna talk about it, Henry!
94) 14) dialog: (stops) What?
94) 16) dialog: No.
94) 18) dialog: Because.
94) 20) dialog: I don't know if he would want us to  do that.
94) 22) text: Fay is tempted.
94) 23) dialog: I don't know.
94) 26) dialog: Henry...
97) 2) dialog: He came by this afternoon.
97) 4) dialog: No.
97) 7) dialog: He thinks I'm a slut.
97) 8) text: And she starts crying again. Simon awkwardly touches her  shoulder, then moves his hand away. Fay pulls herself  together, sniffles and goes into the bathroom.
99) 0) text: Moments later. Fay is in the shower as... Henry bursts into the bathroom, tearing at his belt and  trousers. She starts screaming and wraps herself in the s curtain. He drops his pants and throws himself on the toi just in time to begin shitting his brains out. Fay crouch terrified and disgusted, in the shower.
99) 1) dialog: Jesus, Henry!
99) 2) text: Henry sweats and moans as he empties his bowels in a viol and messy blast of noise and foul air. Fay covers her face and whimpers sickly. Finally, he's done. He hangs with his face out over his k sick, exhausted and in shock. Fay wraps herself in a towe and steps out of the shower. She creeps carefully around and flushes the toilet, growing increasingly concerned.
99) 3) dialog: Hey, Henry. You OK?
99) 4) text: He is destroyed, staring down at... The 'ring' he still holds in his hand. Fay sees this, looks at Henry, then kneels and takes it f him. He doesn't resist. She lifts it up and breathlessly  admires it. Totally misunderstanding, moved beyond words.
99) 5) dialog: Oh. Oh, Henry.
100) 0) text: A month later. Mr Deng and Buñuel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, in the church foyer. Once inside, he shakes them off and the stand back. He huffs and puffs and tosses the hair back o of his eyes. He paces back and forth like a caged animal, then stops, sees... Fay, at the altar, waiting with Simon. She is beautiful. Henry calms down, deeply affected. Fay smiles down the aisle at him. Henry throws back his shoulders, straightens his tie and  strides up the aisle. Also present at the ceremony are Vicky and Warren. Gnoc i maid of honor.
101) 0) text: Later. Henry holds Fay's hand and repeats after Father Hawkes.
101) 17) text: The gasket is placed on Fay's finger.
101) 21) dialog: Simon, do something.
101) 27) text: Simon looks up the aisle at... Fay and Henry. They look away, caught.
101) 29) text: Confused, Simon starts for the door, shoving the fax in h pocket. Fay steps down from the altar...
101) 30) dialog: Simon?
102) 0) text: Later that evening. The whole neighborhood is celebrating Fay's wedding. The  music is loud. The people are drunk. The place is a shamb A big dance number is playing. Amidst all the festivities though, Simon and Buñuel have the small TV propped up on of the fridge, following the evening news...
102) 2) text: Fay leads the neighbors in the dance...
102) 4) text: Henry and Fay dance, surrounded by the dancing neighbors.
102) 8) text: The TV is switched off. It's later now. People are passed out on the kitchen floor and various neighbors are sittin around the table. Fay steps back from the TV, drains a gl of beer and wipes her mouth on the sleeve of her wedding  gown. She hugs Simon, who is deeply unsettled by the news his growing infamy.
102) 9) dialog: God, Simon, I mean, like, you're a  total fucking rock star.
113) 0) text: Buñuel, Hawkes and Mr Deng sleep sitting up as Henry tal to himself. Fay leans out the back door and interrupts hi He looks at her, but says nothing. She sighs and goes bac inside: turning off the lights.
116) 0) text: Simon stares into a glass of water. Fay sits ten feet awa waiting. Finally...
116) 1) dialog: It's really that bad?
118) 0) text: Fay is in labor. Henry helps her into her coat as they ru for the door.
119) 0) text: Moments later. Henry runs into the store and stands there, panicked, loo at Hawkes, Buñuel and Mr Deng. Gnoc runs out to get Fay.
120) 0) text: Henry and Gnoc load Fay into the van. The van pulls out.
121) 0) text: Henry drives recklessly. Fay rolls around in the back.
122) 0) text: Fay is in a wheelchair being rushed down the hall. She is gripping Henry's hand as he runs along beside her.
123) 0) text: Fay gasps and sweats as the Doctor and Nurse prepare her. She is scared. She looks over at... Henry, looking in through the window. He looks scared too Fay is sedated by gas. Henry is taken away by the Nurse. Fay stares up at the ceiling.
125) 0) text: Seven years later. Fay bangs out of the kitchen door with her seven-year-old son Ned. Frazzled and overworked, she grips a loaded laun basket to her side as she sits Ned down on the curb and p at him.
125) 1) dialog: Play!
125) 2) text: The kid sits still, obviously guilty of some unspeakable  mischief, as Fay storms back into the house. He looks aro bored, then brightens up when he sees... Henry, coming up the street, hanging from the back of a  garbage truck.
127) 0) text: Same time. Fay comes out of the house and looks for her son.
127) 1) dialog: Ned!
127) 3) dialog: Ned!
128) 0) text: Fay comes up looking for Ned and sees... Pearl, age fourteen, come out of Vicky's House. She is  fourteen years old now. Warren steps out the door and gra her by the arm. She shakes him off. He slaps her. She runs down the steps and glares back at him.
129) 14) dialog: Henry!
129) 15) text: Henry and Ned crouch and quiver -- caught. Fay strides up the bar and grabs the kid.
129) 16) dialog: Listen, you degenerate, I've had  about enough of this! (smells Ned's breath) Ned, have you been drinking?
129) 17) text: The kid checks with Henry then looks back at Fay and nods Fay looks at her husband, outraged.
129) 19) text: Fay slaps him across the face -- hard -- and the place go quiet. Henry shakes his head clear and she pokes him in t chest with her finger.
129) 20) dialog: Henry, don't come home tonight! I'm  warning you! Don't come home at all!  Ever!
134) 0) text: Later. Fay is wired beyond belief. Trying to listen attentively, but still too overwhelmed to maintain her concentration.
134) 2) dialog: Yes. It is.
134) 4) dialog: That was... I dunno. Fifteen...  Sixteen years ago.
134) 6) dialog: We were married seven years ago.
134) 8) dialog: Pardon me?
134) 10) text: Fay is overwhelmed.
134) 11) dialog: I didn't know that. No.
134) 13) text: Fay just looks at him blankly, overwhelmed, confused. She starts to cry quietly.
134) 15) text: Fay trembles and catches her breath trying to take this a in. A cop hands her some tissues. She takes them and trie to concentrate on what the lawyer says.
135) 0) text: Later. Fay staggers out into the noisy corridor and rests agains the wall. Looking down the hall she sees... Pearl and Vicky, sitting in a blank, brightly lit room be a glass door. Fay comes closer and looks in at them. They don't see her. They stare at the floor before them,  dazed and confused.
136) 0) text: Morning. Fay is lying on her bed with her coat still on, trying to think. Ned stands by the side of the bed, watching her.
136) 2) dialog: Yeah.
136) 4) dialog: I don't know, honey. Leave me alone  a minute, I gotta think.
136) 7) dialog: What!
136) 9) dialog: Yes, Ned, he is. He's in big trouble.  Now just be quiet for two minutes.
136) 12) dialog: I'm warning you, Ned.
136) 14) text: Fay sits up, pauses and studies her son.
136) 15) dialog: Sure you can, honey. You can be  anything you want.
136) 16) text: Ned is happy to hear this. He shuffles out of the room an Fay falls back on the bed.
149) 0) text: Fay packs up the many books of the 'Confession' into one the old suitcases Henry first came to town with. She slam it shut.
150) 0) text: Ned runs along the street and stops at the police car. He points down the street with great urgency. The cops jump their cars and take off. He then looks over at... Fay, leaving the house with Henry's suitcase.
151) 4) text: Ned nods and Henry pats him on the shoulder. Then he stan before Fay and looks at his feet. With her arms folded ac her chest and her hip cocked, she taps her foot impatient and waits for his last line of crap.
151) 6) dialog: (rolls her eyes) Yeah, well, tough.