3) 6) text: Simon watches her go, but is still drawn to something he  seems to hear up the street in the other direction. He co his head, sits perfectly still and listens. He hears it now. We do, too. Footsteps. Big ones. Like a  giant somewhere in the distance. The neighborhood tremble Titles begin. Simon tries to figure out where it's coming from; the sky the house, the highway at the end of his block... Finally he focuses on... The blacktop right before him, smeared with his own blood Music starts. He kneels out slowly into the street and stares at the  pavement. He stretches out his hand and places it flat on the road. The pounding is louder now, becoming the beat o the music over the scene. Simon lowers his face to the pavement, closes his eyes an Puts his ear right down against the road. He hears... The steady tread of somebody very much larger than life. Kneeling forward, with his ear to the ground, Simon opens his eyes and sees... A man approaching. The music swells up full. Simon lifts his head slowly from the road, looking off in wonder at... This stranger coming towards him; an oddly handsome freak striding over the crest of the distant intersection with windswept mane, two over-stuffed suitcases and a crumpled tie fluttering back over his broad but crooked shoulders. Simon rises till he's kneeling up straight in the road. Henry Fool finally reaches him and stops. Titles finish. Simon says nothing and watches as Henry looks off at the  house. Satisfied, but wary, Henry Fool looks around the neighbor and then down at Simon.
3) 7) dialog: Get up off your knees.
4) 0) text: Henry comes around behind the house and finds the door to his basement apartment. He approaches. Simon follows, car the suitcases.
5) 0) text: Moments later. The door is wrenched open and Henry is hit square in the by a decade of dank airless gloom. He coughs. Entering, he finds a few old wooden chairs littering the  main room. He inspects the old wood stove, then takes a c and smashes it. He tosses the wood in the stove. Simon looks on, amazed. Henry lights a fire with unusuall quick results, then stands back and looks at Simon.
5) 1) dialog: Where you gotta go to get a six-pack  of beer around here?
6) 5) text: Amy looks back at Gnoc, snarls, then follows the cashier' gaze to the door. Simon enters. Clutching Henry's cash, he stops dead in hi tracks when he sees... Warren and Amy. He steps forward and approaches the beer cooler. Warren and Amy hover around, just out of reach, like a co of vampires. Dragging a six-pack out of the cooler, Simon crosses to t counter. Warren and Amy hang back, silent and threatening Gnoc rings up the purchase and glances over at... Amy, staring a hole into the side of Simon's skull. Gnoc hands Simon back his change and he makes for the doo but... Warren shoves himself between it and Simon. Simon freezes. Warren is expressionless. Simon looks back Amy. She turns away, reaches up under her skirt, jerks do her panties, then leans forward on to the counter. Leerin back over her shoulder, she hisses...
7) 0) text: Later. Simon splashes water over his face at the kitchen sink, t watches as Henry unpacks one of his suitcases. It is fill with dozens of old, worn notebooks. Henry stacks them on mantelpiece over the fireplace; the fire is now crackling and bright. Simon steps over and looks at... The name tag on the other suitcase: 'Henry Fool'.
7) 1) dialog: (off-screen) Centuries ago it had an 'e' at the  end.
7) 2) text: Simon looks over and sees... Henry's silhouette against the fire. He steps forward int the light and grabs a beer from the six-pack on the floor He hands one to Simon. Simon takes it and stares at it a moment before raising h eyes to Henry.
7) 4) dialog: Nowhere in particular.
7) 6) dialog: I go where I will and I do what I  must. (stops, drinks) That's why I'm in trouble. I'm sort've  what you might call... 'in exile'.
7) 8) dialog: (stopping) An honest man is always in trouble,  Simon. Remember that.
7) 11) text: Henry pauses, looks aside, drinks, then grins demoniacall He steps forward and comes face to face with Simon. He li his finger and points to... Simon's name stitched upon the breast of his work shirt. Realizing this, Simon moves off and thinks. Henry throws more wood on the fire, glancing back over hi shoulder, laughing mischievously.
7) 13) dialog: (pauses) Well... I'll take your word for that.
7) 16) dialog: I see.
7) 17) text: Simon looks at him. Henry stands and grabs a notebook fro off the mantelpiece. He tears out a few pages and shoves  them in his pocket. He hands the now fresh writing tablet Simon.
7) 18) dialog: Here. Take this. And...
7) 20) dialog: ...this. Keep them with you at all  times. You ever feel like you got  something to say and you can't get  it out, stop and write it down. OK?
7) 21) text: Simon hesitates, then accepts the gifts. Henry goes for  another beer while his new friend studies the dozens of  notebooks on the mantelpiece.
7) 23) dialog: (proudly, returning) This? This is my life's work. My  memoirs. My 'Confession'.
7) 25) text: Henry drinks and looks down into the raging fire.
7) 26) dialog: (wistfully) I've been bad. Repeatedly. (shrugs and steps  away) But why brag? The details of my  exploits are only a pretext for a  far more expansive consideration of  general truths. (contemplating the  notebooks) What is this? It's a philosophy. A  poetics. A politics, if you will. A  literature of protest. A novel of  ideas. A pornographic magazine of  truly comic-book proportions. It is,  in the end, whatever the hell I want  it to be. And when I'm through with  it, it's gunna blow a hole this wide  straight through the world's own  idea of itself!
7) 27) text: He smokes. Simon is impressed. They hear a bottle smash  outside in the street and Henry goes to the window. They' throwing bottles at the house.
7) 28) dialog: (throwing down his  cigarette) Come on, let's go break their arms!
7) 31) text: Henry stops. Simon looks away and sits back down.
7) 33) text: He is ashamed of himself. Henry sees this and settles down. He considers his new fr with genuine care as he gets himself a new cigarette. He  lights up, thinks, then grabs another chair and sits clos by Simon. They sit there in silence a while, then...
7) 34) dialog: Once. I forget where I was. Central  America maybe. Somewhere hot. Stupid  job. Bad pay. Dangerous location and  water so foul the natives wouldn't  even piss in it. This crowd of drunken  motherfuckers hired by the local  drug cartel shows up at my hotel  room and threatens to tear me limb  from limb. And I say, listen, hombres,  OK, you've got me outnumbered four  to one and you're gunna kill me here  tonight and not a soul in this dimly  lit world is ever gunna notice I'm  gone. Fine. But one of you... one of  you... one of you is gunna have his  eye torn out. Period. Silence. I  repeat myself. One of you poor,  underpaid jerks is gunna have an eye  ripped out of its socket. I promise.  It's a small thing, perhaps, all  things considered. But I will succeed.  Because it's the only thing I have  left to do in this world. So why  don't you just take a good look at  one another one last time and think  it over for a few minutes more. (smokes, waits) They sober up a little, look at their  shoes in confusion, then step out  into the hall to talk among  themselves.
7) 35) text: Henry stares into the flames and falls silent. Simon is  riveted. He leans forward, on the edge of his seat...
7) 37) dialog: (winking) Well, here I am, still, after all.
10) 0) text: The next morning. Henry barges in the kitchen door with two containers of c and some jelly donuts. Simon jumps up from where he sits  asleep over his notebook at the table.
10) 1) dialog: Good morning, Simon! Glorious day,  huh? Here, have a donut. Can you  lend me twenty dollars?
10) 3) dialog: Thanks. Where's the library in the  scruffy little burgh?
10) 5) dialog: Excellent! I'm polishing up the final  chapters of my 'Confession' and I  need a reasonably well-stocked  reference section.
10) 7) dialog: What's this?
10) 10) text: He gives up, sighs and gazes at the floor. Henry flips th the book, impressed. It is full from cover to cover, ever page dense with Simon's cryptic scrawl. Henry frowns,  intrigued. Then...
10) 11) dialog: Can I take this?
10) 13) dialog: I'll correct the spelling.
13) 0) text: Henry is at one of the tables, correcting the spelling in Simon's notebook, when he looks up and sees... Simon stumble in, beaten and bruised, dropping his classi to the floor. Henry and Mr Deng rush over to him.
13) 1) dialog: (scared) Simon! Who did this to you?
13) 3) dialog: Whose eyes?
13) 5) text: He passes out. Henry looks at Mr Deng.
13) 7) text: Henry nods, agreeing, then lifts Simon off the floor. Mr  Deng holds the door open as Henry carries his friend out  into the parking lot. Meanwhile, Gnoc gathers up the classics from the floor an places them beside Simon's notebook, where it still sits  open on the table. She looks at it, then reads. She lifts off the table and reads further, immediately and deeply  engrossed. Mr Deng watches as Henry departs with Simon, then comes b into the store and stops, startled, when he sees... Gnoc sitting there, staring off into space, the notebook  open in her hands before her, singing quietly.
14) 4) text: Henry is at the kitchen table with Mary. She watches him  suspiciously. He lets her.
14) 6) dialog: (standing) It won't happen again.
14) 10) dialog: This your husband?
14) 11) text: Violated somehow, she gets up and snatches it out of his  hands. She puts it in a drawer and cringes as Henry plays one note on the piano.
14) 15) dialog: It's poetry.
14) 17) text: Henry comes over, takes the notebook from him and shoves in his pocket.
14) 18) dialog: Of course I'm sure. I corrected the  spelling myself.
14) 20) dialog: Yeah, well, you know -- that's what  poetry does.
14) 32) text: Simon reaches out and slams the bathroom door. Fay looks from the bathroom door down the stairs to Mary. Mary, her nerves rattled, glances over at Mr Deng, who tu and leaves the house. Henry lights a fresh cigarette, loosens his tie and heads upstairs.
15) 0) text: A moment later. Henry throws open the door and enters. He steps over Simo who is on the floor, folded up against the toilet.
15) 1) dialog: We gotta talk.
15) 2) text: Henry sits on the edge of the bathtub and takes the noteb from his pocket.
15) 3) dialog: What the hell were you trying to do  when you wrote this thing?
15) 6) dialog: Well, you know you wrote it in a  kind of iambic pentameter.
15) 8) dialog: Verse.
15) 10) dialog: Look, in my opinion, this is pretty  powerful stuff. Though your spelling  is Neanderthal, and your reasoning a  little naive, your instincts are  profound. But the whole thing needs  to be given a more cohesive shape.  It can be expanded. Followed through.  Unified. (smokes, then) You see what I'm getting at?
15) 11) text: Simon just stares at him, overwhelmed. Henry drops the  notebook on the floor and points at it with his cigarette
15) 12) dialog: Are you willing to commit yourself  to this? To really work on it? To  give it its due? In the face of  adversity and discouragement? To  rise to the challenge you yourself  have set?
15) 14) dialog: And don't gimme that wonderstruck  'I'm-only-a-humble-garbage-man'  bullshit, either.
15) 16) dialog: (nodding) Of course it does.
15) 17) text: Simon coughs and Henry leans back and smokes.
16) 0) text: An hour later. Fay cringes outside Simon's room as Henry goes about sett her brother's arm.
16) 2) dialog: Yeah. No. OK?
16) 4) dialog: Don't move! Fuck. There.
16) 6) dialog: Yes. Now shut up and lie back.
16) 9) dialog: Yes.
16) 11) dialog: You gunna be alright?
16) 12) text: Simon nods and stares at the ceiling. Henry hands him a t
16) 13) dialog: Here. Bite on this.
16) 15) dialog: (looking) It's blood. From your head. Lie back.  Shove that in your mouth and hold on  to something.
16) 16) text: Simon bites down on the towel and grips the edge of the b with his free hand. Henry sits on his legs and gently rai the broken arm. Outside the door, Fay bites her knuckles. Further down th hall, Mary listens from her bedroom.
16) 17) dialog: Okay. You ready?
16) 18) text: Simon nods. Henry grabs hold of the arm, swallows and bra himself. Simon waits, then Henry tugs the arm straight.
17) 0) text: Later that night. Henry comes downstairs and stops, tired. Fay is sitting a the table with a bottle of gin and two glasses. She has d herself up a little and Henry likes what he sees. He look her over and she smiles. He sits. She pours. They drink.
17) 2) dialog: No.
17) 5) dialog: Yes, I do.
17) 7) dialog: How old are you?
17) 9) dialog: You look young.
17) 11) dialog: I don't know. Young.
17) 14) dialog: Thirty.
17) 17) text: She grabs her bag and storms out of the house. Henry watc her go, then chuckles deviously and splashes himself anot drink.
18) 17) text: Vicky is hard-pressed. She wants to believe him, but know better. She thinks about it while... Henry passes by and approaches the store.
19) 0) text: Same time. Henry enters and takes Simon's notebook from his pocket. flips through a few pages and selects one in particular. He tears it out of the book and tapes it up beside the  register so customers can read it. He winks at Gnoc. She  smiles shyly and makes him a coffee. He takes it and move off to a table just as... Vicky enters. She starts accumulating groceries, placing  them on the counter one item at a time. Henry settles down and watches as... Vicky returns to the counter with a bottle of orange juic and notices the poem. She reads, holding the orange juice out to her side. Gnoc starts to ring up the other purchases as her father  comes up behind her, busying himself with an inventory of the cigarettes. Vicky's lip starts to tremble as she reads, a horrified  expression clouding her face. Finally... Smash!!!! She drops the bottle of orange juice and stands back. Mr Deng and Gnoc jump back, alarmed. Henry tilts his head and pays close attention.
19) 2) text: Mr Deng looks from her to the poem and then over at Henry Henry urges the man to stand up for himself.
19) 7) text: She grabs her things and leaves. Mr Deng holds his head a looks over at Henry.
19) 8) dialog: (winking) There's no accounting for taste, is  there, Mr Deng?
20) 0) text: Later. Henry is at the kitchen table with Simon, working on the  poem. Simon is bandaged up, his arm in a sling, black eye etc.
20) 1) dialog: See, Simon, there are three kinds of  there. There's 'There'. T-H-E-R-E.  There are the donuts. Then there's T- H-E-I-R; which is the possessive. It  is their donut. Then, finally, there's  'they're'. T-H-E-Y-'-R-E. A  contraction, meaning they are. They're  the donut people. Get it?
20) 3) text: Henry lifts up one of Simon's newly acquired classics...
20) 4) dialog: And look, if you're gunna read  Wordsworth you've gotta get a more  up-to-date edition. This odoriferous  tome you're so attached to doesn't  even have all fourteen books of the  Prelude. And you need notes.  Commentary. I'll go to the library  and find you the best edition they  have.
20) 6) dialog: Quit.
20) 8) dialog: Yeah.
20) 10) dialog: You need time to write, Simon. To  study. To reflect.
20) 12) dialog: We all have to make sacrifices. A  vocation like ours, Simon, is not a  nine to five thing. You can't put a  fence around a man's soul. We think  and feel where and when we can think  and feel. We are the servants of our  muse and we toil where she commands.
20) 13) text: Simon looks past him and Henry follows his gaze to find.. Mary standing at the foot of the stairs, listening to the She says nothing. She looks Henry up and down, then shake her head disdainfully and grunts. She throws herself on t couch and turns on the TV, casting acid glances over at t kitchen.
21) 0) text: Moments later. Henry and Simon come outside...
21) 2) dialog: Yeah, and what's that mean?
21) 4) text: Henry wanders out to the road, checking his wallet, then.
21) 5) dialog: (sighing) You ever think of leaving?
21) 7) dialog: Yeah.
21) 9) dialog: Out there. You know, into the world.  Where ever.
21) 12) dialog: (reciting) 'Opportunity will step away and make  room for a man to pass it by.'
21) 14) dialog: No. I found it in a fortune cookie.
21) 17) dialog: No. Not yet. Soon. We'll see.
21) 19) dialog: (puffing himself up) Well, you know, Simon, a piece of  work like this, it's... A vocation  like ours... You can't put a fence  around a man's soul. What I'm trying  to achieve, it's... Well, it takes a  lifetime really. It's a life's work. (looking around) But soon. Don't worry. I'd appreciate  your feedback. I gotta go. See ya.
21) 20) text: He hurries away around the corner. Simon walks back to th house and stops when he sees... A plain-clothes policeman, Officer BuГ±uel, drive up and before the house. Simon spies as the man gets out of his car and knocks on  Henry's door. He, of course, gets no answer.
23) 0) text: Later. Simon is bent over his notebook, consulting a dictionary, hard at work. Amy and three kids are grouped around the register, readi the page Henry taped up earlier. As they read, Amy glance anxiously back at Simon. They finish reading and stand back.
24) 4) text: She sits at the kitchen table and lifts her magazine. Henry shows up at the kitchen door with a pile of library books. His eyes brighten when he sees... Fay sitting there wearing only her towel. He knocks. She  looks back over her shoulder and sees him.
24) 5) dialog: Evening, Fay.
24) 7) dialog: I've got these books for Simon.
24) 10) text: He comes in and stacks the books near the sink. Fay prete to ignore him, but rakes her fingers through her wet hair anyway, to show more shoulder. This is not lost on Henry, who tarries and leans back aga the counter, salivating. Fay flips through her magazine and Henry steps closer and leans against the fridge. She casts a bored glance in his direction, then returns h attention to the TV. She senses him step aside and follow his movements without turning. Suddenly his hand appears  from behind her and gently strokes her hair. She freezes, waits, wonders... He leans his face down beside her. She looks at him. He l at her, then down to... Her bare legs crossed before her on the kitchen chair. Hi hand moves down and slides itself deep in between her thi Her mouth drops open. He looks back up at her. He grins. Fay jumps up and away, breathlessly clutching the towel a herself. Henry casts a glance over her body, throws his hair back of his face and shivers with lust. Fay steps back and grabs hold of the staircase banister,  making an unconvincing gesture of injured pride. Henry comes closer and she steps backwards up the stairs. He stops, loosens his tie, holding her with his gaze. She readjusts her towel, throws back her wet hair, sighs  defiantly, then sashays into her room, leaving the door a Henry waits there at the foot of the stairs, reaches down grabs his crotch and repositions his hard-on. He takes a  step up the stairs, then stops. He looks over to the couc and sees... Mary, lying there, sedately amazed. He pauses, then grins. Mary blinks and smiles sleepily.
26) 4) text: Nothing. She comes to the top of the stairs and hears fai activity from down below. She proceeds downstairs. She sees no one in the kitchen, then looks in the living- room and stops. She goes white, her mouth falling open in horror. Henry and Mary are screwing one another on the couch. Slo impassioned, brute sex.
26) 6) text: They fall away from each other in terror and fatigue. Mar clutches wildly at her bathrobe as Henry falls over the c table, stumbles to his feet and pulls up his trousers. Fay is crushed. She breaks out in tears and runs upstairs Henry catches his breath and starts after her, but stops, uncertain and confused.
26) 8) dialog: What?
27) 0) text: Simon is asleep with his head down on the table. He wakes finally and sees... Henry sitting across from him, gripping a beer and readin the poem. He finishes, shuts the book and drinks.
27) 1) dialog: Listen. I know a man. He's a big  shot in the publishing business.  Angus James. Smart, adventurous and  tons of integrity. When this thing  is ready, I'll recommend he reads  it. He'll respect my opinion.
27) 4) dialog: (alert) What man?
27) 6) text: Henry throws his eyes heavenward and pulls his hair. Jump to his feet, he paces maniacally.
27) 7) dialog: Why do they torment me like this?  Why? They're like a bunch of fucking  mosquitoes!
27) 10) dialog: They want to suffocate me, Simon!  They wanna extinguish me like a flame!
27) 13) dialog: They're afraid, that's why! They're  afraid of what I might do! What I  might say! Think! They're afraid of  my ideas!
27) 15) dialog: You and I are alike in this way,  Simon.
27) 17) dialog: We're outsiders. We think and feel  too much and too deeply. And the  world can't handle that. Our mere  existence is a threat to its illusion  of security. Sure, they'll name a  wing of a new library after us when  we're dead! But now... Now, when  we're alive... Now, they wanna burn  us at the stake!
27) 19) dialog: Scram.
27) 21) dialog: For example, I made love to your  mother about half an hour ago and  now I'm beginning to think that maybe  it wasn't such a good idea.
27) 22) text: Simon blinks. Henry adds...
27) 23) dialog: I mean to say, I think Fay may be  jealous.
27) 26) dialog: Bad move, Simon.
27) 28) dialog: (pointing at him) A poet has got to be able to think  about anything.
27) 29) text: Simon pauses, then comes closer to Henry and stops.
27) 31) text: Henry jumps up, strides around the store and speaks at th top of his voice.
27) 32) dialog: Of course you are! A great poet! But  you need experience. You need to do  something to be ashamed of every  once in a while, for cryin' out loud.
27) 34) dialog: Come on! Let's go out! There's a den  of iniquity right across the street!  You got any money?
28) 0) text: Later that night. Henry is dancing wildly on the bar with two sloppy-drunk  topless dancers. The place is rocking and the crowd cheer them on. Simon sits perched on a stool, gripping the bar with whit knuckles and clutching a beer, looking on in terror as... Henry starts stripping.
33) 0) text: The next morning. Henry stumbles up the stoop carrying a laptop computer, i various accessories and a couple of coffees. He lets himself in and dumps the computer on the kitchen  counter. Simon is asleep on the couch, still in his clothes.
33) 1) dialog: (shoving him) Simon. Hey, Simon. (Simon wakes) Come on. I got ya some coffee.
33) 2) text: Henry trudges back to the kitchen, where he whips out his red pen and immediately begins to correct Simon's poem. Simon rolls off the couch and makes his way to the table. Seeing the computer...
33) 4) dialog: It's a computer. You write on it.
33) 6) dialog: Here's the manual.
33) 9) dialog: I stole it. Now listen. Remember how  yesterday we discussed the relative  desirability of cadence in relation  to the readability of...
33) 11) text: Fay is on the stairs, hungover and disgusted. Henry throw up his hands and gets up to go.
33) 12) dialog: Simon, I can't work under these  conditions.
33) 14) dialog: Get a life!
33) 19) text: Fay stomps back upstairs. Mary slams her door shut. Simon runs out after Henry.
34) 0) text: Moments later. Simon follows Henry out into the street and over towards  World Of Donuts...
34) 2) dialog: I am not a rapist!
34) 3) text: But Henry stops short, seeing... Officer BuГ±uel enter World of Donuts.
34) 4) dialog: Shit. Come on, this way.
35) 0) text: Moments later. They scramble in and Henry is out of breath. He slumps do into a pew.
35) 1) dialog: Keep a look out. Tell me when he's  gone.
35) 4) dialog: He wants to help me! He wants to be  my friend.
35) 7) dialog: (suddenly) Shhh!
35) 8) text: He hears something, stands and moves further into the chu Simon hesitates, but then follows. They hear someone cryi Finally, in a pew off to one side in the shadows, they fi A young priest named Father Hawkes. He's a wreck. He look up from his quiet sobbing and sees... Henry and Simon standing there looking on with embarrasse distaste. He lowers his head in shame. Henry moves closer and sits beside the distraught priest.
35) 9) dialog: What's wrong?
35) 12) text: Henry leans back with a sigh and reaches for his cigarett
35) 13) dialog: So, you're an honest man. Why beat  yourself up about it?
35) 18) dialog: Your vocation makes a difference.
35) 20) dialog: Because vocation is the difference.  Only someone who really cares doubts.  Listen, father, as I was about to  tell my friend Simon here, I am,  without doubt, the biggest sinner  within a hundred miles of this parish.  But still, I've gotta stay up late  at night to outdo the unending parade  of mundane little atrocities I see  committed every day right out in the  open spaces of this loud and sunlit  culture we call home.
35) 22) dialog: I like to think so. But the fact is  I appreciate depravity. Nevertheless,  I insist your vocation makes a  difference, because to hold out  anything other than a spiritual  yardstick to reality is to be jerking  off grandly into the abyss. Listen,  have you got any money? Let's go  have a drink.
37) 0) text: An hour later. Henry and Father Hawkes are drinking. Simon leans on the  bar, nodding off to sleep. After a while, Father Hawkes l back and...
37) 2) dialog: Worse than bad! Monstrous! But I  love that about them. (banging on the bar) Wake up, Simon!
40) 11) text: Simon doesn't corroborate this. He looks away and readjus his sling. BuГ±uel scratches his head, satisfied and prep to leave. But first... BUГ‘UEL You tell Henry to call me -- Officer  BuГ±uel -- pronto! Or they're gunna  chuck his ass straight back into  jail! Got it?
44) 0) text: Moments later. He wanders into an aisle, overwhelmed by all the books. C to the far end of the aisle, he looks off to his left and sees Henry sitting on a small stool, reading, with ten or twenty open volumes scattered around him on the floor.
44) 2) dialog: (looking up and rising) Simon! What are you doing here?
44) 4) text: Henry sighs and sits back down.
44) 6) dialog: Simon...
44) 8) dialog: Simon...
44) 10) dialog: Simon, just shut the fuck up!
44) 11) text: Simon blinks and looks down at his feet, unable to respon Deeply hurt, he simply turns to walk away. But Henry reac out and grabs his arm. Simon stops, pauses and looks back his friend.
44) 12) dialog: Forgive me.
44) 14) dialog: Forgive me, Simon.
44) 17) text: Henry gives in slowly to the inevitable. He sighs deeply stands, handing Simon a book...
44) 18) dialog: OK. Look, do me a favor. You got a  library card?
44) 20) dialog: Check this out for me.
44) 22) dialog: Milton. Seventeenth century. English.  You see, Simon, it's important my  'Confession' dig up the past, comb  previous evidence and help chart the  historic -- even the aesthetic --  inevitability of my ideas. And...
44) 23) text: A young woman passes by, scanning the stacks. She and Hen have a split second of eye contact, then she turns and mo away. Henry straightens his tie and watches her go.
44) 24) dialog: This place is crawling with chicks,  Simon. Wander around. Leer a little.  Cop a feel. Impose yourself on 'em.  See what happens.
44) 26) dialog: Bullshit! You've got a rough hewn  charm that sets 'em on edge. Now,  listen, I gotta go.
44) 28) text: Henry stops and turns. Simon pauses, then...
44) 30) text: Henry watches him for a moment, then swaggers closer...
44) 31) dialog: I got caught.
44) 32) text: Simon waits for more but is disappointed. With one final  cracked grin at his friend, Henry throws back his shoulde slicks back his hair and strides off. Simon watches him g and frowns, not comforted. He flips through the pages of  Paradise Lost.
46) 0) text: Evening. Henry enters and sits with BuГ±uel. BUГ‘UEL How are you, Henry?
46) 1) dialog: (frowning) Peachy. Gimme a light. BUГ‘UEL Have you found a job?
46) 2) text: Henry just glares at him and smokes. BUГ‘UEL How 'bout those Alcoholics Anonymous  meetings, did you go over and visit  them yet?
46) 3) dialog: What happened to this assistant  librarian position you were supposed  to set me up with?
46) 4) text: BuГ±uel looks down, disappointed. BUГ‘UEL I tried, Henry. I really did.
46) 5) dialog: So what happened? BUГ‘UEL Henry, with your background... Well,  I mean, with your record, they didn't  think it'd be right to have you at  the neighborhood library.
46) 6) dialog: Why not? BUГ‘UEL They thought you'd be a bad influence  on the kids.
46) 7) text: Henry sits back, offended. BUГ‘UEL (adds) Or worse.
46) 8) dialog: So my word is not enough. My promise  worthless. The fact I've served my  time nothing but the emblem of my  continuing guilt. BUГ‘UEL Apparently.
46) 9) text: Henry leans back and sighs, furious and indignant.
48) 0) text: Moments later. Simon arrives with a six-pack and finds Henry sitting in  front of the fire, staring into the flames, brooding dark
48) 1) dialog: I was caught. Yes, I was caught...  once. I was caught in flagranti  delicto screwing a thirteen-year-old  girl named Susan. She was an ugly  and mean-spirited kid, but she knew  how to play upon my weaknesses which,  I admit, are deep and many.
48) 3) dialog: You appear shocked.
48) 5) text: Henry stands and leans over the fire.
48) 6) dialog: It was a pathetic little conspiracy.  A transparently desperate attempt to  discredit me and my ideas; to label  me a mere pedophile. As if I'd be  ashamed of such a thing. As if  Socrates himself hadn't been taken  out of circulation for corrupting  the youth of Athens!
48) 8) dialog: Seven years. Seven years for one  afternoon of blissful transgression.  But what of it? Who cares? Prison's  not so bad; particularly if one's a  sex offender, free from the popular  and conventional horror of sodomy.
48) 10) dialog: They were not 'lost years'.
48) 12) dialog: I put them to good use. I began my  major work. My opus.
48) 14) dialog: Believe me, Simon, this incident  with the girl, prison... It pales to  insignificance in the wider context  of my career.
48) 16) dialog: Nothing in comparison to the day my  'Confession' is unleashed. (beginning to pace) What an orgy we'll have then, huh?  What shouts of outrage from the  offended populace, from the  sanctimonious purveyors of culture  and quality, the righteous defenders  of what ever inane and haphazard  notion of progress then in vogue.  They'll be beside themselves with  fiercely reasoned critical analysis.  Apoplectic with indignation!
48) 18) dialog: Their feelings will be hurt.
48) 20) dialog: Yes, like a mirror which reflects  only the inside of the person before  it, my 'Confession' will lovingly  render humanity's common monstrosity  in all of its lurid wide screen glory.
48) 22) dialog: Why should I blush or feel shame  before the common lot of humanity,  anyway, for a few banal and, again I  admit, inelegant transgressions?
48) 24) dialog: After all, really, I'm doing  civilization a favor.
48) 27) text: Henry sits staring into the flames again. He pauses, then
48) 28) dialog: Soon.
50) 5) text: Fay pays for her tissues and makes her way to the back of the store where she finds Simon with Henry, who is holdin forth to his friend and the small coterie of high school  students surrounding them...
50) 6) dialog: The greats all say the same thing:  little. And what little there is to  be said is immense. Or, in other  words, follow your own genius to  where it leads without regard for  the apparent needs of the world at  large, which, in fact, has no needs  as such, but, rather, moments of  exhaustion in which it is incapable  of prejudice. (drinks) We can only hope to collide with  these moments of unselfconsciousness.  This divine fatigue... this...
50) 8) text: Henry takes the typed manuscript from her and continues..
50) 9) dialog: As I tried to make plain in Paris:  'Nous savons que nous avons chutГ©  parce que nous savons qui nous  sommes.' 'We know we have fallen  because we know who we are.'
50) 11) dialog: (interrupted) That's beside the point. But did  they listen to me? Of course not!
50) 15) text: She drops her head to the table and cries. Henry and Simo look on in silence. Then Henry continues...
50) 16) dialog: For is this not the best of all  possible worlds? Are not the evils  of this world necessary components  of a cosmos that could not exist  without them?
50) 19) dialog: (smokes, shrugs) Unfortunately.
50) 21) dialog: (aggravated) At. One. Time.
50) 23) text: Simon looks from her to Henry. Henry winks at him.
50) 24) dialog: Go ahead. But never let yourself be  flattered.
50) 27) dialog: Who?
50) 30) text: Henry seems a bit put upon.
50) 31) dialog: Because it's not done yet.
50) 40) dialog: (continues) The thing to do is to send parts of  it to different magazines and literary  journals first. That kinda thing.  You know. Substantiate it.
50) 42) text: Henry sips his beer and looks at her.
50) 43) dialog: Filth, child. A preoccupation with  excrement. Why?
50) 45) text: Henry reaches across the table and shakes Simon's hand.
52) 0) text: Henry is shaving. Simon sits in the kitchen, sorting thro rejection letters...
52) 2) dialog: De gustibus non disputandum est.
52) 4) dialog: About taste. You can't argue about  taste. God, Simon.
52) 7) text: Henry drops his razor and stomps out into the hall.
52) 8) dialog: What do you mean you don't know why  you bother? You bother because you  know the poem is excellent!
52) 10) dialog: Of course you do!
52) 12) dialog: Can you sit there, look me straight  in the eye, and tell me you don't  think this poem is great? That it is  not at once a work of great lyrical  beauty and ethical depth? That it is  not a genuine, highly individual,  and profound meditation on the miracle  of existence?
52) 15) dialog: Can you?
52) 18) dialog: So, you see, you have no choice!
52) 23) text: Still no response. Simon gets up and stands in the bathro doorway. Henry is shaving.
52) 25) dialog: That might not be as easy as it seems.
52) 27) dialog: Well, it's been a long time. My name  might not carry as much weight as it  once did with Angus.
52) 29) dialog: We were close at one time.
52) 31) text: Henry puts down his razor and looks at Simon in the mirro
52) 32) dialog: Look, Simon, opinions come and go.
52) 34) dialog: To be honest; my ideas, my writing,  they haven't always been received  well or even calmly. They're  upsetting. I'm a controversial man.
52) 36) dialog: You see, what I'm doing is too  radical. Too uncompromising. It'll  take time for people to see its value.  It's ahead of its time, perhaps, or  maybe just... (stops) A recommendation from me might do  you as much harm as it does good.
52) 39) dialog: Because certain work needs to be  experienced all at once in order for  one to appreciate the full force of  its character.
65) 0) text: Henry paces back and forth. With the fingers of one hand  pressed against his forehead and his eyes closed tight in concentration, he dictates to Amy, who is sitting at a ta with her laptop computer, typing his every word.
65) 1) dialog: In the infinite amplitude of his  love, God wants to create the largest  number of best elements that can  exist together in one cosmos... OK.
65) 2) text: Amy types away, fascinated by Henry's intelligence.
65) 3) dialog: In an instantaneous calculation made  in eternity, God computes the best  possible world and creates it. Fine.  This 'decision' by God is uncontingent  and eternal rather than temporally  or ontologically sequential.
65) 6) dialog: What?
65) 8) dialog: O-N-T... Don't you have some kinda  spell-check on that thing?
65) 10) dialog: It is impossible for every perfect  good to be compatible with every  other perfect good. The intense beauty  of the mountain must be set off by  the fertility of the plain, so to  speak.
65) 12) dialog: The good of freewill must entail  real choices for sin.
65) 13) text: She gazes at his profile, in love. Henry sits thinking and Amy watches him reverently. She l over close and whispers in his ear. He turns and looks at her, alarmed.
65) 14) dialog: Listen, Amy, back off. I'm on parole.
65) 16) text: Henry jumps up and looks around, paranoid. He keeps his v down and points at her.
65) 17) dialog: Hey! I don't look at you.
65) 19) dialog: I look at a lot of people that way.
65) 22) text: Henry sees she's genuinely upset and feels bad. He sits b down and lays his hand on hers.
65) 23) dialog: No, as a matter of fact, I think  you're a real bright kid and I like  that about you.
65) 25) text: Now Henry tries to scare her away. He leers at her.
65) 26) dialog: I like it so much I've got half a  mind to do perverse things to you.  Right here. Right now. Things you  might just learn to like.
65) 27) text: She just stares at him, blinks, then looks away and tries imagine this. She takes her laptop and leaves, confused a blushing. Henry watches her go and grins, satisfied with himself.
68) 0) text: Henry is leaning on the counter, flipping through pornogr magazines and smoking.
68) 2) dialog: I'm just looking at the pictures.
68) 4) text: Henry flips through pages and nods, impressed.
68) 5) dialog: I learn so much from these magazines,  Mr Deng. I refuse to discriminate  between modes of knowing.
68) 7) text: Henry looks up, outraged.
68) 8) dialog: Why not!
68) 10) text: Henry throws his cigarette to the floor, steps on it and  returns to his magazine.
68) 11) dialog: This place is losing all its charm,  Mr Deng.
68) 13) text: Henry shakes his head in dismay and studies a centerfold.
68) 14) dialog: It's just a fad, Mr Deng. These kids  today, they're just slaves to fashion.
70) 0) text: Henry is leaning on the counter with a six-pack of beer,  pleading with Mr Deng.
70) 1) dialog: Come on, Mr Deng! How much do I owe  you?
70) 3) dialog: That can't be right! And so what? My  credit's good.
70) 6) dialog: Hey, Warren, you gotta couple of  bucks I can borrow?
70) 9) dialog: Ah, yes, of course. When noble minds  shrink from the task of leadership  scoundrels will rush in to fill the  void. (takes cash) Thanks.
70) 11) text: Henry pays Mr Deng for his beer.
72) 0) text: Moments later. Henry steps out of the store and stops when he sees Amy  standing there, pouting. He looks away and sighs. Amy pic at the fabric of her stockings and bites her lip.
72) 2) text: Henry smokes.
72) 3) dialog: Yeah.
72) 6) dialog: Take a powder, cupcake.
72) 8) dialog: Evaporate!
74) 0) text: Moments later. Henry comes into his house, hot and bothered, cradling hi six-pack. But he stops, listens, then steps through the  kitchen towards the living-room. He stops in the entrance and sees... Fay on the floor of the living-room, reading his 'Confess her mouth hung open in an astonished 'O'. He drops his six-pack and... She spins around, caught in the act. Henry stands in the doorway, pent up, sweating and with  perverse things on his mind. Fay, her hands palm down on the floor behind her, bites h lip, coquettishly. Henry looks her over like she was something good to eat. She feels his gaze all over her and twists to one side wi a breathless little shudder. He steps nearer, stands over her and she looks up at him.
76) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay kissing passionately...
78) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay groping and shoving one another as they sta from room to room.
82) 0) text: Same time. Henry tears open his trousers...
84) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay clutch and grind and heave...
86) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay are making mad, passionate love, oblivious the world around them.
87) 0) text: Same time. Henry and Fay fuck.
89) 0) text: Simon, Henry, Mr Deng, Fay, Gnoc and BuГ±uel stand with F Hawkes at the grave.
89) 2) text: He sprinkles holy water on the coffin and they all drop  carnations at the grave. Simon and Fay remain there looki down at the coffin. Henry waits for them a few yards away wishing he could help, but feeling out of place.
90) 0) text: Simon is back working on the garbage truck. He collects  garbage and throws it in the truck as Henry, who is just  along for the ride, hangs from the side of the truck and  pulls the lever whenever Simon tells him to.
90) 1) dialog: So I was a janitor! So what?
90) 3) text: Henry shrugs and qualifies...
90) 4) dialog: Well, I mean, we weren't like bosom  buddies or anything. But we used to  talk sometimes. In the elevator. In  the morning. He said he liked my  ideas. Being a janitor's a good job  if you're a writer. Especially the  night shift; all that time to think  and develop my ideas.
90) 6) text: Henry pulls the lever and the garbage gets crushed.
90) 8) dialog: Well, what the hell does he know? He  wouldn't know a vital piece of  literary art if it came up and bit  him in the leg. To hell with him!  He's not the only publisher in the  world!
90) 10) dialog: (smokes) It's true. A prophet is seldom heeded  in his own land. Remember that.
90) 12) text: Henry is about to pull the lever again, but sees somethin in amongst the garbage...
90) 13) dialog: Hey, look, treasure!
90) 14) text: Henry steps down and leans over into the garbage. Simon j him as he lifts something that is either a ring or a stra piece of machinery.
90) 15) dialog: What is this?
90) 17) dialog: It's a ring. Jewelry.
90) 19) text: Henry puts it in his pocket, satisfied and Simon jumps on the back of the truck as it turns the corner and rolls aw Henry starts to walk off in the opposite direction, but s when he sees Pearl age seven.
91) 0) text: Henry comes up the street with Pearl age seven on his bac He walks into Vicky's yard and finds Warren lifting weigh in the garage.
91) 1) dialog: Hey, Warren, I found Pearl wandering  around by the garbage dump.
91) 3) dialog: Who lost?
91) 6) dialog: (realizing) Oh. Well, you know. Somebody's gotta  lose.
91) 8) text: Henry pauses, then leads Pearl age seven towards the hous Warren lies back down and continues his lifting.
92) 0) text: Moments later. Henry knocks on the door as he enters...
92) 1) dialog: Vicky?
92) 3) dialog: What happened to you?
92) 5) dialog: I guess not.
92) 7) dialog: I found Pearl wandering around with  no shoes on her feet.
92) 10) dialog: And you don't?
92) 11) text: Vicky caresses Pearl's hair, then drinks and looks over a Henry.
93) 0) text: Moments later. BuГ±uel is waiting when Henry walks in and steps up to th beer cooler.
93) 1) dialog: (alarmed) Where's the beer?
93) 3) text: Henry looks at the man, disgusted, then falls in to a sea and motions to Gnoc, who is now the waitress.
93) 4) dialog: A double espresso and a jelly donut,  Gnoc. (to BuГ±uel) You mind paying? My credit's no good  here anymore, apparently. BUГ‘UEL (nods amiably) Did you go to the employment agency  today, Henry?
93) 5) dialog: No, but it's OK. Simon's gunna try  to get me a job on the garbage truck. BUГ‘UEL Listen, I'm a little concerned about  your friend.
93) 6) dialog: Simon? BUГ‘UEL Seems he gave an obscene note to a  girl in the library.
93) 7) dialog: Get outta here! When? BUГ‘UEL I'm not sure.
93) 8) dialog: It couldn't have been Simon. BUГ‘UEL It almost certainly is. He mentions  you. Look...
93) 9) text: He unfolds a print-out of the letter. Henry reads and BuГ leans over, pointing out...
93) 10) dialog: 'Her figure makes me violent. I want  to somehow break her. But tenderly.  How is this possible? Ask Henry.'
93) 11) text: Henry thinks this over, gulps back some espresso and nods his approval. Then...
93) 12) dialog: BuГ±uel, this is obviously a love  letter. BUГ‘UEL (taking it back) We've had complaints.
93) 13) dialog: Where did you get it? BUГ‘UEL She posted it on the Internet.
93) 14) dialog: Oh, the slut! BUГ‘UEL She was trying to warn other girls  about a potential rapist.
93) 15) dialog: (smokes) Is all this true about the Internet?  About how you can get pornography on  it? BUГ‘UEL Well, yeah, sure. It's a big problem.  You can send dirty pictures and  everything.
93) 16) dialog: On the Internet? BUГ‘UEL Yeah.
93) 17) text: Henry is impressed.
93) 18) dialog: No kiddin'?
93) 19) text: BuГ±uel gets up to go. BUГ‘UEL See you on Thursday, Henry.
93) 20) dialog: (thinking) Sure. See you. (calls the waitress) Gnoc, gimme one of these double  espressos to go, will ya?
94) 0) text: Moments later. Fay, still dressed in black, is tapping away on the keys the computer, surfing the Internet, as Henry appears at t kitchen door, gripping his tall double espresso.
94) 1) dialog: Hello, Fay.
94) 3) dialog: You gotta get outta the house, Fay.  You can't blame yourself for not  being here. You did all you could  for her.
94) 6) text: Henry stops, pauses, looks away. Then...
94) 7) dialog: You got the Internet on that  contraption?
94) 10) dialog: Look Fay, about, you know, between  us -- what happened...
94) 13) dialog: Type a part of Simon's poem onto the  Internet.
94) 15) dialog: Go ahead.
94) 17) dialog: Why not?
94) 19) dialog: Come on, Fay. It's a great idea.
94) 21) dialog: Sure he would. Just the first ten  verses.
94) 24) dialog: He'll thank you for it later.
95) 0) text: Moments later. Henry comes back into the store, satisfied with himself. finishes off his coffee, tosses away the cup and takes a  pornographic magazine from the rack. He leans on the coun where Mr Deng is busy working and flips through the pages
95) 1) dialog: Gimme another one of those tall double  espressos, Mr Deng.
95) 4) dialog: I'm just looking.
95) 6) dialog: There's this fascinating story about  a famous rock band and how they tied  a friend of theirs to a bed in their  hotel room and inserted a live fish  into her vagina.
95) 8) dialog: (explains) They say she had numerous orgasms.
95) 10) dialog: I mean, it wasn't the entire fish,  it was just, you know, the nose. The  nose of the fish.
95) 11) text: Mr Deng brings over the coffee. Henry is surprised to not he is not riveted.
95) 12) dialog: You don't find that interesting?
95) 14) text: Henry closes the magazine and puts it back. Leaning on th counter, he sips his coffee and ponders.
95) 15) dialog: You ever wonder what it would be  like to have sex with an animal, Mr  Deng?
95) 17) dialog: I mean, some dogs are almost as big  as people and often more attractive.
95) 18) text: Mr Deng just goes back to work, leaving Henry there at th counter thinking big thoughts.
98) 0) text: Moments later. Simon comes downstairs and finds Henry at the piano. He l ill and is clutching a nearly empty container of espresso He is staring sickly at 'the ring'.
98) 2) dialog: Simon, I don't feel so good.
98) 4) dialog: I feel all kinda clammy. And damp.
98) 7) text: Henry tries to remember. He squints.
98) 8) dialog: Seven.
98) 11) dialog: Can I use your toilet?
98) 13) text: Henry grabs his stomach. He presses his hand against his  chest, holds his head, then stares at the ring.
98) 14) dialog: How much you think I can get for  this?
98) 17) text: Henry looks at him.
98) 19) text: Henry lets this sink in. He stands and the room tilts. Wh with fear, he clutches at his rumbling gut.
99) 0) text: Moments later. Fay is in the shower as... Henry bursts into the bathroom, tearing at his belt and  trousers. She starts screaming and wraps herself in the s curtain. He drops his pants and throws himself on the toi just in time to begin shitting his brains out. Fay crouch terrified and disgusted, in the shower.
99) 2) text: Henry sweats and moans as he empties his bowels in a viol and messy blast of noise and foul air. Fay covers her face and whimpers sickly. Finally, he's done. He hangs with his face out over his k sick, exhausted and in shock. Fay wraps herself in a towe and steps out of the shower. She creeps carefully around and flushes the toilet, growing increasingly concerned.
99) 4) text: He is destroyed, staring down at... The 'ring' he still holds in his hand. Fay sees this, looks at Henry, then kneels and takes it f him. He doesn't resist. She lifts it up and breathlessly  admires it. Totally misunderstanding, moved beyond words.
100) 0) text: A month later. Mr Deng and BuГ±uel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, in the church foyer. Once inside, he shakes them off and the stand back. He huffs and puffs and tosses the hair back o of his eyes. He paces back and forth like a caged animal, then stops, sees... Fay, at the altar, waiting with Simon. She is beautiful. Henry calms down, deeply affected. Fay smiles down the aisle at him. Henry throws back his shoulders, straightens his tie and  strides up the aisle. Also present at the ceremony are Vicky and Warren. Gnoc i maid of honor.
101) 0) text: Later. Henry holds Fay's hand and repeats after Father Hawkes.
101) 2) dialog: I, Henry, take you, Fay to be my  wife.
101) 4) dialog: And do promise before God and these  witnesses...
101) 6) dialog: To be your loving and faithful  husband.
101) 8) dialog: In plenty and in want.
101) 10) dialog: In joy and in sorrow.
101) 12) dialog: In sickness and in health.
101) 14) dialog: For as long as we both shall live.
101) 20) dialog: Oh, shit.
101) 27) text: Simon looks up the aisle at... Fay and Henry. They look away, caught.
102) 4) text: Henry and Fay dance, surrounded by the dancing neighbors.
102) 6) text: Henry throws an arm around Warren, who stands looking dej in the doorway, and raises his glass to the happiness in room.
106) 0) text: Evening. Henry stalks along, all fired up. Simon tries his best to keep up with him.
106) 1) dialog: I've let myself down, Simon! I've  let myself be caught in the bloody  maw of banal necessity! How did I  get here? How did this happen to me?  I'm going to be somebody's father! I  need time to think. To write. Time  to finish my 'Confession'! I can't  work for a living! It's impossible!  I tried once. My genius will be wasted  trying to make ends meet!
106) 3) dialog: This is how great men topple, Simon.  Their hearts are in the right place  too much of the time! They get  sidetracked! Distracted. Oh! How  could I have been so careless!
106) 5) dialog: No. Not now. It's not done. I'm all  washed up. I'm finished!
106) 7) text: Henry glances back at his friend, digesting this. He thin it over, then...
106) 8) dialog: Really? You really think so?
106) 9) text: Having finally got through to him, Simon comes forward,  anxious to help Henry.
106) 13) text: Henry sits there watching Simon, impressed with this evid of increased self-esteem. He realizes the profundity of t gesture.
106) 14) dialog: You'd do that? You'd do that for me?
106) 17) text: Henry is moved. He stands and comes forward. He grabs his friend by the shoulders and turns him around.
106) 18) dialog: Do you realize what you're saying?
106) 20) text: Henry steps away, considering, then looks back at Simon a extends his hand.
106) 21) dialog: OK.
106) 22) text: Simon smiles. Henry smiles. They shake hands.
108) 0) text: Henry stands outside, watching his door.
110) 0) text: Henry paces, drinking and smoking nervously.
113) 0) text: BuГ±uel, Hawkes and Mr Deng sleep sitting up as Henry tal to himself. Fay leans out the back door and interrupts hi He looks at her, but says nothing. She sighs and goes bac inside: turning off the lights.
115) 0) text: Simon steps out of Henry's apartment and sees Henry aslee on the back stoop.
118) 0) text: Fay is in labor. Henry helps her into her coat as they ru for the door.
119) 0) text: Moments later. Henry runs into the store and stands there, panicked, loo at Hawkes, BuГ±uel and Mr Deng. Gnoc runs out to get Fay.
120) 0) text: Henry and Gnoc load Fay into the van. The van pulls out.
121) 0) text: Henry drives recklessly. Fay rolls around in the back.
122) 0) text: Fay is in a wheelchair being rushed down the hall. She is gripping Henry's hand as he runs along beside her.
123) 0) text: Fay gasps and sweats as the Doctor and Nurse prepare her. She is scared. She looks over at... Henry, looking in through the window. He looks scared too Fay is sedated by gas. Henry is taken away by the Nurse. Fay stares up at the ceiling.
124) 0) text: Henry is asleep on a row of waiting-room chairs, exhauste Simon comes running up the hall and finds him. It's late no one is around. He sits down beside Henry and shakes hi Henry wakes.
124) 1) dialog: Simon? You're here.
124) 4) dialog: (coughs) It's a boy.
124) 6) dialog: She's alright.
124) 7) text: Simon sits back, relieved. Then he remembers the rain-soa shopping bag he has with him. He pulls out a couple of ca of beer and hands one to Henry.
124) 8) dialog: Thanks.
124) 10) dialog: How did it go?
124) 13) text: Henry looks at Simon blankly, then blinks and looks away.
124) 14) dialog: Ah. I see. Well, what now?
124) 16) dialog: Did he suggest changes?
124) 19) dialog: I mean, after all, there are things  I can do to make it more accessible.
124) 21) dialog: I can soften up some of the language  and make it read easier. Take out  some of the more intratextual  references and popularize the  underlying Sturm und Drang, so to  speak. I can change its mode. Make  it more of a conventional novel  instead.
124) 24) dialog: (laughing) Oh, Simon, don't be such a purist! I  appreciate your protectiveness, but  the integrity of the work gives it a  durability that can sustain such  things.
124) 25) text: Simon comes over and lays his hand on Henry's shoulder.
124) 27) dialog: What are you saying; that it doesn't  merit revision?
124) 29) text: He steps away and sits. Henry pauses, then approaches and leans down over him.
124) 30) dialog: Well, did you tell him what you think?
124) 32) dialog: Yes, it does. You've got to use your  influence with him.
124) 34) dialog: You can refuse to let him publish  your poem.
124) 36) dialog: You said you would.
124) 38) dialog: (hit hard) Oh.
124) 40) text: Henry stands there a moment longer, then lowers himself i the nearest seat, weakened.
124) 42) dialog: I... I don't know. Honesty, perhaps.
124) 44) dialog: I would have respected your opinion.
124) 46) dialog: Well, is there?
124) 49) dialog: (staggered) Oh how perfectly enormous of you,  Simon.
124) 51) dialog: Is that such a priority? Is that  some sort of measure of a man's worth?  To drag what's best in him out into  the street so every average slob  with some pretense to taste can poke  it with a stick?
124) 53) text: Henry just stares at him, stands, then turns on his heel waves him off.
124) 54) dialog: You must be pretty impressed with  yourself, huh? The all too obviously  talented new man, the important new  voice, the early clue to a new  direction, or whatever, etc., etc.,  etc! A popular new trend conveniently  packaged for the distracted young  herd! You want to be liked more than  you know, Simon Grim! You'd be nowhere  without me and you know it.
124) 57) text: Henry is scared all of a sudden. But he puts on a defiant exterior.
124) 58) dialog: Yes. It's time you left.
124) 60) dialog: I saw you for what you were in the  beginning, Simon. I hold no grudge  and I'm certain you will, in time,  leave some serious and small dent in  this world.
124) 62) text: Henry take advantage of Simon's disillusionment and puts a big show of secure wisdom.
124) 63) dialog: The world is full of shit. It's true.  And you have to walk through it.  That's your part. I'm sorry. But  you're no good at it. Perhaps I'm  not. Perhaps I wasn't made to walk  through shit. Go on now. Leave. Do  what you're good at. Go.
124) 64) text: Simon sits there a moment, numb with grief. Henry, red in the face, stares at the floor. Suddenly, Simon stands and walks out. Henry looks up and watches him go. He can hard believe it. He almost raises his voice and apologizes, bu can't. He lowers his head again and covers his face with hands, listening to Simon's footsteps receding through th halls. Simon walks on, away from us, down the hospital corridor.
125) 2) text: The kid sits still, obviously guilty of some unspeakable  mischief, as Fay storms back into the house. He looks aro bored, then brightens up when he sees... Henry, coming up the street, hanging from the back of a  garbage truck.
126) 0) text: Moments later. Henry enters with Ned on his back and the bartender, Patt goes ballistic.
126) 2) dialog: Say hello to Patty, Ned.
126) 6) text: He nods and Henry stands him on a stool at the bar.
126) 7) dialog: So what did you learn at school today,  Ned? Anything?
126) 9) dialog: Here, I'll teach you something.
126) 11) dialog: Horrible, isn't it?
126) 14) dialog: See. That'll teach ya. Here, sip  this.
129) 0) text: Same time. Henry is teaching Ned how to tip a topless dancer. A danc stands on the bar and stretches her garter as Ned slips a dollar bill in beneath it.
129) 1) dialog: That's it. That's it. Perfect!
129) 4) text: Henry looks over. The guy, Bill, shows him the article.
129) 5) dialog: What about him?
129) 7) dialog: God, they must be hard up for geniuses  to pin medals on because, listen, I  gotta tell you, when I first met  this guy he didn't even know what an  iambic pentameter was.
129) 9) dialog: Keep a lid on it, Bill, you're outta  your league.
129) 11) dialog: He's a great American poet, you dumb  fuck!
129) 13) dialog: Come over here and say that and I'll  cripple ya in three different ways,  you boozed-up Philistine!
129) 15) text: Henry and Ned crouch and quiver -- caught. Fay strides up the bar and grabs the kid.
129) 17) text: The kid checks with Henry then looks back at Fay and nods Fay looks at her husband, outraged.
129) 18) dialog: (explains) His throat hurt from smoking.
129) 19) text: Fay slaps him across the face -- hard -- and the place go quiet. Henry shakes his head clear and she pokes him in t chest with her finger.
129) 21) text: And she storms out with the kid. Henry snaps his jaw back into place, then looks at Patty and Bill and shrugs. He k back his drink and motions for another.
130) 0) text: Later (evening). Henry staggers out of the back door of the Inferno and co across Mr Deng sitting against the wall of the store, wat the basketball game on a small TV. World of Donuts vibrat with loud music.
130) 1) dialog: Who's winning?
130) 3) text: Henry gestures to World of Donuts...
130) 4) dialog: What's going on in there?
130) 6) dialog: What did I tell you! It was just a  fad. I told you that! I told everyone!
130) 8) dialog: Yeah yeah yeah. So what? A Nobel  Prize. Anybody can get one of them  these days. That's the problem, with  this world, Mr Deng... Nobody's got  any standards anymore. You seen Fay?
130) 10) dialog: I can't sleep in there with that  racket!
130) 12) text: Henry considers his options, then...
131) 0) text: The place is abandoned. Henry comes in and, just as he is laying down to go to sl on an old couch, finds Pearl age fourteen. She is hardened and disturbed, but frequently vulnerable scared; a troubled kid.
131) 1) dialog: What are you doing here, Pearl?
131) 3) dialog: (pauses) Some what?
131) 5) dialog: Shit!
131) 6) text: Pearl laughs and falls back onto the couch, her sweater  hanging off her shoulder and her skirt hiked up and displ her underwear. Henry stands and searches for something to sit on.
131) 10) dialog: What?
131) 12) text: Henry looks away, uncomfortable. She slides her gaze over him, their eyes meet, and she pins him to the spot.
131) 14) dialog: That was a long time ago.
131) 17) text: He looks over at her and she slides her coat off her shou Henry is sweating.
131) 18) dialog: You oughta get outta here, Pearl.
131) 20) dialog: Go home.
131) 22) dialog: Fine.
131) 25) text: Henry stops and looks back at her.
131) 27) dialog: (concerned) Why not?
131) 29) text: Henry holds his head, tries to sober up. He looks around room, then focuses on the girl.
131) 30) dialog: Warren beat up your mom?
131) 31) text: Pearl stares at the floor. She glances over at him, then  back down at the bottle gripped in her hands. She nods. Henry pauses, then comes across the room, lowering himsel tentatively to the couch.
131) 32) dialog: Is she alright?
131) 35) text: Henry lifts his hand and covers his face. He looks up at ceiling and sighs. He returns to Pearl...
131) 36) dialog: Does she need help?
131) 39) text: Henry jumps away from her and Pearl throws herself down o the couch, covering her face.
132) 0) text: Moments later. Henry barges in and starts searching for...
132) 1) dialog: Vicky! Vicky, it's Henry from across  the street! Vicky!
132) 3) dialog: (taken back) Vicky?
132) 6) text: Henry looks over and sees Warren stumble drunkenly out of the bathroom. What are you doing in my house?
132) 7) dialog: (to Vicky) It's about Pearl.
132) 11) text: Henry falls back and looks at Vicky. She looks away. Henry looks at Warren, pauses, then gives him a sharp, ha shove. Warren stands back against the wall, pauses, then erupts  into viciousness. He grabs Henry and throws him violently down the hall, wh he hits the wall and collapses. As Henry gets to his knees, Warren kicks him in the ribs. Henry curls up and rolls out on to the kitchen floor. War kicks him in the side of the head. Vicky sits back down on the bed, covering her ears. Warren beats the hell out of Henry, kicking him in the fa and ribs whenever he manages to get up on his hands and k Henry crawls under the kitchen table for safety. Warren g his feet and drags him out. As he is dragged across the f Henry finds a screwdriver and grabs it. He rolls over on back as... Warren lunges down at him again and...
132) 13) text: Warren is stabbed in the heart. Henry can't believe it. Warren can't believe it. He stands there in the middle of the kitchen, amazed, with the screwdriver sticking out of his chest. Henry, semi-conscious and severely beaten, falls against back door and coughs up a few of his teeth. Vicky steps i the hall from her room and shudders. Warren sits at the table, stunned. He looks from the  screwdriver to Vicky, then...
133) 0) text: Henry staggers away, limping. He comes to the intersectio at the end of the block and doesn't know which way to run Panicked, he looks round, holding his arm to his chest. H runs towards the highway.
148) 0) text: Moments later. Simon is lead down the stairs and stops. He looks on in h at... Henry, lying on a makeshift bed, badly beaten up and weak Mr Deng is wrapping his chest in bandages. Simon pauses, then comes closer. He reaches out and touch Henry's shoulder, standing there looking down at his frie Henry looks up at him, pauses and then gestures vaguely w his hand.
148) 1) dialog: Look, Simon, the world's a scary  place. I admit it. But it's not my  fault. I swear!
148) 4) dialog: Don't be. You had things to do.
148) 6) text: Henry thinks about that, sighs and looks away.
149) 0) text: Fay packs up the many books of the 'Confession' into one the old suitcases Henry first came to town with. She slam it shut.
150) 0) text: Ned runs along the street and stops at the police car. He points down the street with great urgency. The cops jump their cars and take off. He then looks over at... Fay, leaving the house with Henry's suitcase.
151) 0) text: Same time. BuГ±uel backs his car into the alley behind World of Donu Stepping out of the car he hands Simon back the passport. Simon checks it and then looks up to see... Father Hawkes and Mr Deng helping Henry outside. Coming o into the daylight, he straightens up and manages to walk his own. He motions Ned over and leans down to the kid wi difficulty.
151) 1) dialog: Gotta light?
151) 2) text: Ned does. He has his own Zippo lighter and he proudly lig his dad's cigarette. Henry smokes, hugs Ned, then leans back and pauses. Final
151) 3) dialog: Take care of your mom and don't start  trouble you can't finish.
151) 4) text: Ned nods and Henry pats him on the shoulder. Then he stan before Fay and looks at his feet. With her arms folded ac her chest and her hip cocked, she taps her foot impatient and waits for his last line of crap.
151) 5) dialog: I love you, Fay.
151) 7) text: But then she looks at him and softens. He leans in and ki her passionately on the mouth. Moments later, they all help Henry into BuГ±uel's car and Simon gets in behind the wheel. The doors slam shut and S steers the car slowly up the alley. Henry gazes out at Fa running along beside the car with the rest of the  neighborhood, some of them laughing, some of them crying.
152) 0) text: Simon pulls up at the curb and jumps out. He helps Henry  climb out and together they enter the terminal.
153) 0) text: Moments later. Henry steps up.
153) 2) text: Henry hands them over. He glances back at... Simon, waiting. The clerk compares Henry to the picture in the passport,  checks again, then...
153) 4) dialog: Thanks.
153) 6) dialog: Yeah, well. Look, thanks, but..
154) 0) text: Moments later. Airline representatives come rushing up with walkie-talki to meet Henry and Simon as they run through the terminal.
154) 2) text: As they are ushered up towards the gate, Henry stops and  looks off at the security guards and ground crew waiting him, certain they can spot him as a wanted criminal.
154) 4) text: Henry is ushered through security. They take his ticket a check his passport again. They take his suitcase and plac it on the conveyor belt. He passes through the metal dete They pass the metal detector wand over him and he stands  there with his hands outstretched, as... Simon waits and watches. The suitcase rolls out from the x-ray machine and as Henr grabs it, he stops and looks across the security checkpoi at... Simon, standing there. He steps forward anxiously. Henry lingers, speechless, but the airline representative are at his side...
154) 6) text: They drag him away, but Henry looks back as... Simon stops and watches.
155) 0) text: Moments later. The plane is waiting out on the asphalt and the airline  representative runs straight for it, calling back over he shoulder to Henry...
155) 2) text: Runway technicians rush to their positions, but Henry han back and struggles across the tarmac, looking back over h shoulder at... Simon, behind the huge plate glass window of the terminal He stops and waits. Simon raises his hand in farewell and... Henry raises his in reply. Then Simon, unheard behind the gigantic glass wall, silen amongst the roar of the runway, says...
155) 4) text: And Henry understands. He lowers his hand, waits just a  moment, then turns and looks out at... The airplane. The airline representative is shouting at h from the foot of the stairs and waving him on with her wa talkie. He glances back once more at Simon. Then... Henry is running, struggling towards us, forcing himself  towards the plane, getting stronger and running faster wi every step he takes.