2) 0) text: Moments later. Simon runs up and throws open the screen door. He stands  there in the doorway catching his breath. His sister, Fay, is at the kitchen table watching a small portable TV while their mother, Mary, sits a few feet awa in the living-room watching another TV tuned to a differe channel.
2) 2) dialog: I'm not hungry.
2) 4) text: Mary is a manic-depressive, still in her bathrobe at six the evening.
2) 5) dialog: I don't know why you cooked! I don't  know why you bother!
2) 8) text: Simon sits at the table and Fay slams down before him a b of some sort of gruel. He hesitates, then lifts his spoon Supper is horrible and he screws up his face in disgust. gives him a sideways glance and he leans back down over t bowl and eats some more. Pushing the bowl away gently, he reaches out for the cont of milk on the table and drinks straight from it. He suddenly jumps back and spits out sour milk all over t table. The container drops to the floor and thick globs o cheese roll out. He stands back against the fridge, holding his stomach  while... Fay and Mary look on in disgust.
8) 1) dialog: (off) Did you throw up all over some girl?
8) 3) dialog: They were throwing bottles at the  house.
8) 5) dialog: (gesturing to Fay's  room) She's got some ex-con in there she  met at the bar. Tattoos all over  himself and a big red bloated nose.
8) 10) dialog: What's the use? She might as well  get it while she can. She's not always  gunna have the ass she has now, you  know. That's just how life is.
14) 4) text: Henry is at the kitchen table with Mary. She watches him  suspiciously. He lets her.
14) 5) dialog: This kinda thing has happened before.
14) 8) dialog: How do you know?
14) 12) dialog: Stop that.
14) 29) dialog: Fay, just take him to the hospital,  will ya!
14) 31) dialog: (screaming) Simon Grim, you go to the hospital  with Fay right now, do hear me!
14) 32) text: Simon reaches out and slams the bathroom door. Fay looks from the bathroom door down the stairs to Mary. Mary, her nerves rattled, glances over at Mr Deng, who tu and leaves the house. Henry lights a fresh cigarette, loosens his tie and heads upstairs.
16) 16) text: Simon bites down on the towel and grips the edge of the b with his free hand. Henry sits on his legs and gently rai the broken arm. Outside the door, Fay bites her knuckles. Further down th hall, Mary listens from her bedroom.
16) 20) text: Fay turns and runs down the stairs. Mary backs away into room and shuts the door.
20) 13) text: Simon looks past him and Henry follows his gaze to find.. Mary standing at the foot of the stairs, listening to the She says nothing. She looks Henry up and down, then shake her head disdainfully and grunts. She throws herself on t couch and turns on the TV, casting acid glances over at t kitchen.
22) 0) text: Later that day. Simon works on his poem at the kitchen table while Fay fl through a magazine and watches TV. Mary, lying on the cou in her bathrobe, watches her own TV. The cacophony is augmented by the rattling dishwasher and the trucks rumbling by on the highway outside. Mary looks over at her son, suspicious, and leans off the couch.
22) 1) dialog: What are you doing there, Simon?
22) 4) text: Mary looks at Fay, who looks up from her magazine and  considers her brother. Then they break out laughing. Simon looks on. They laugh and laugh and laugh...
24) 2) text: Mary is lying on the couch. She drags her eyes from the T and glances lazily at Fay, then back to the TV.
24) 10) text: He comes in and stacks the books near the sink. Fay prete to ignore him, but rakes her fingers through her wet hair anyway, to show more shoulder. This is not lost on Henry, who tarries and leans back aga the counter, salivating. Fay flips through her magazine and Henry steps closer and leans against the fridge. She casts a bored glance in his direction, then returns h attention to the TV. She senses him step aside and follow his movements without turning. Suddenly his hand appears  from behind her and gently strokes her hair. She freezes, waits, wonders... He leans his face down beside her. She looks at him. He l at her, then down to... Her bare legs crossed before her on the kitchen chair. Hi hand moves down and slides itself deep in between her thi Her mouth drops open. He looks back up at her. He grins. Fay jumps up and away, breathlessly clutching the towel a herself. Henry casts a glance over her body, throws his hair back of his face and shivers with lust. Fay steps back and grabs hold of the staircase banister,  making an unconvincing gesture of injured pride. Henry comes closer and she steps backwards up the stairs. He stops, loosens his tie, holding her with his gaze. She readjusts her towel, throws back her wet hair, sighs  defiantly, then sashays into her room, leaving the door a Henry waits there at the foot of the stairs, reaches down grabs his crotch and repositions his hard-on. He takes a  step up the stairs, then stops. He looks over to the couc and sees... Mary, lying there, sedately amazed. He pauses, then grins. Mary blinks and smiles sleepily.
26) 4) text: Nothing. She comes to the top of the stairs and hears fai activity from down below. She proceeds downstairs. She sees no one in the kitchen, then looks in the living- room and stops. She goes white, her mouth falling open in horror. Henry and Mary are screwing one another on the couch. Slo impassioned, brute sex.
26) 7) dialog: You bastard!
26) 9) dialog: Get out!
29) 0) text: Later that night. Simon stumbles in and heads upstairs. But he stops, seein Mary, sitting on the top step, smoking. She looks guilty tense. So does Simon.
29) 1) dialog: That man's a bad influence.
33) 16) text: Mary throws open her bedroom door.
33) 17) dialog: (screaming) Beast! Fiend! Rapist!
33) 19) text: Fay stomps back upstairs. Mary slams her door shut. Simon runs out after Henry.
41) 14) text: They wait as the child goes outside. Mary listens, unseen, from her bedroom door. Fay comes over and frowns at her brother. She's about to  lecture him, but he cuts her off.
41) 21) text: Mary turns away from her door and sits on her bed. Fay leans over the stove, where a large pot of water is  beginning to boil.
42) 0) text: Later. Fay is crouched on the floor, sobbing, while Simon lies i tub of cold water. Mary comes in with a pathetic little  freezer tray of ice cubes and dumps them into the tub. She steps back into the hall and throws the ice tray down the stairs. She glares back at Fay, who cries even louder Simon stares up at the ceiling. Mary shakes her head and walks into her room, slamming th door behind her.
51) 16) text: Simon just looks away, thinks, then wanders back upstairs Mary passes him on his way out of the kitchen and comes u to Fay and Edna at the door.
51) 17) dialog: I need my prescription filled.
51) 20) dialog: We all thought he was retarded.
51) 22) dialog: Never said a word.
51) 24) dialog: Had no friends.
51) 26) dialog: And that's when all the trouble really  started.
54) 0) text: Mary is sitting, brooding in front of the TV, which displ only static white noise. She turns it off with the remote and sits in silence for a moment. She gets off the couch and moves to the kitchen table, wh Fay's computer sits. She goes over and reaches up above t fridge, opening the cabinet containing Simon's notebooks. She hesitates, then takes them down and holds them in her hands, as if to begin reading. But then she puts them bac She walks over to the piano and stands there, hesitating, before slowly sitting down and opening it. She lifts her  hands to play, then pauses and looks around behind her, m sure no one is there. But, finally, she turns back and begins playing. She plays a sad-sounding modern classical piece with rust accomplishment. At one time she was probably quite good. She plays for a while, gradually letting herself become m by the music. But then she stops, pauses, and looks behin her. Simon is standing in the kitchen. He has been deeply affe by her playing.
54) 4) dialog: Yes, it was nice. But it was  unremarkable.
54) 7) dialog: (looking right at him) Yes. It does.
57) 0) text: Mary wakes up and sits on the edge of the bed, feeling  regretful about her tone of voice with Simon.
58) 0) text: Moments later. Mary comes down into the kitchen and listens.
58) 1) dialog: Simon?
81) 0) text: Same time. Simon crashes through the door and finds... Mary, kneeling over the edge of the tub, her wrists slit the blood running down the drain, the shower raining down over her back. Simon looks on in horror.
83) 0) text: Same time. Simon lifts Mary from the bathtub.
88) 0) text: Same time. Simon drags Mary out the kitchen door and into the yard,  looking desperately for help. He reaches the street, her  limp body hanging grotesquely before him, and looks helpl up and down the block.