2) 0) text: Moments later. Simon runs up and throws open the screen door. He stands  there in the doorway catching his breath. His sister, Fay, is at the kitchen table watching a small portable TV while their mother, Mary, sits a few feet awa in the living-room watching another TV tuned to a differe channel.
3) 0) text: Moments later. Simon crosses the lawn and sits on the curb outside his h He stares at the ground before him as he holds his stomac and spits, sickened. He looks up, though, and sees... A little seven-year-old girl -- Pearl age seven -- standi there in the street watching him. Simon tries to smile at her. But she throws a rock at him and hits him in the head. He falls forward, hurt, as the little girl runs away. Low his hand, he sees he's bleeding. Desperate, lonely and il he drags his bloodied fingers across the coarse pavement. Fay slams out of the side door of the house in a tight-fi dress and stands on the lawn, applying lipstick.
8) 9) text: She looks away, unconcerned and cynical.
12) 6) text: Warren watches him blankly, then is burned by the torch w is too hot to handle. He drops it. Amy giggles, then stops, excited, but confused. Simon grips the rusted chainlink so that it cuts into his hands and stares straight at Warren.
23) 11) text: Simon looks around at them all, threatened.
26) 4) text: Nothing. She comes to the top of the stairs and hears fai activity from down below. She proceeds downstairs. She sees no one in the kitchen, then looks in the living- room and stops. She goes white, her mouth falling open in horror. Henry and Mary are screwing one another on the couch. Slo impassioned, brute sex.
27) 35) text: He strides out of the store. Simon stands there, stunned and looks at Mr Deng as the o man wipes off the table with a wet rag.
48) 11) text: He approaches the notebooks lined up on the mantelpiece.
50) 0) text: Fay comes walking up through the parking lot with Simon's notebooks and a pile of typed papers. She's a wreck; tear stained face and a ball of tissues gripped in her hand li a weapon. She throws open the door to the World of Donuts and looks around. The place is crowded with teenagers hanging around like i was a café or student union. Fay sniffles tragically and falls on the counter.
50) 12) text: Fay blows her nose and Simon is concerned.
55) 0) text: Simon waits, clutching his poem to his side, as a train p into the station. Excited and determined, he gets on.
99) 2) text: Henry sweats and moans as he empties his bowels in a viol and messy blast of noise and foul air. Fay covers her face and whimpers sickly. Finally, he's done. He hangs with his face out over his k sick, exhausted and in shock. Fay wraps herself in a towe and steps out of the shower. She creeps carefully around and flushes the toilet, growing increasingly concerned.
101) 24) text: He studies the fax and recognizes his poem. He grows  concerned.
124) 9) text: They look around, seasoned conspirators and make sure the coast is clear. Then they pop open the beers and toast. They drink. Then...
124) 40) text: Henry stands there a moment longer, then lowers himself i the nearest seat, weakened.
125) 0) text: Seven years later. Fay bangs out of the kitchen door with her seven-year-old son Ned. Frazzled and overworked, she grips a loaded laun basket to her side as she sits Ned down on the curb and p at him.
126) 0) text: Moments later. Henry enters with Ned on his back and the bartender, Patt goes ballistic.
126) 3) dialog: Hi.
126) 10) text: He hands Ned a cigarette and lights it for him. Ned takes drag and coughs.
126) 12) text: Ned nods in agreement.
126) 13) dialog: It burns.
128) 0) text: Fay comes up looking for Ned and sees... Pearl, age fourteen, come out of Vicky's House. She is  fourteen years old now. Warren steps out the door and gra her by the arm. She shakes him off. He slaps her. She runs down the steps and glares back at him.
129) 0) text: Same time. Henry is teaching Ned how to tip a topless dancer. A danc stands on the bar and stretches her garter as Ned slips a dollar bill in beneath it.
129) 15) text: Henry and Ned crouch and quiver -- caught. Fay strides up the bar and grabs the kid.
131) 0) text: The place is abandoned. Henry comes in and, just as he is laying down to go to sl on an old couch, finds Pearl age fourteen. She is hardened and disturbed, but frequently vulnerable scared; a troubled kid.
132) 13) text: Warren is stabbed in the heart. Henry can't believe it. Warren can't believe it. He stands there in the middle of the kitchen, amazed, with the screwdriver sticking out of his chest. Henry, semi-conscious and severely beaten, falls against back door and coughs up a few of his teeth. Vicky steps i the hall from her room and shudders. Warren sits at the table, stunned. He looks from the  screwdriver to Vicky, then...
136) 0) text: Morning. Fay is lying on her bed with her coat still on, trying to think. Ned stands by the side of the bed, watching her.
136) 1) dialog: Mom?
136) 3) dialog: Where's Dad?
136) 6) dialog: Mom?
136) 8) dialog: Is Dad in trouble?
136) 11) dialog: Mom?
136) 13) dialog: Mom, can I be a mailman when I grow  up?
136) 16) text: Ned is happy to hear this. He shuffles out of the room an Fay falls back on the bed.
137) 0) text: Moments later. Ned comes into the kitchen and digs through the drawers  beneath the sink. He finds an envelope. He reads the retu address: Chelsea Hotel, New York City.
138) 0) text: Ned approaches the subway station and climbs the stairs t the platform.
139) 0) text: Moments later. Ned runs up the stairs to the elevated platform just as a train pulls into the station. He runs down a few cars and hops in as the doors slide open.
140) 0) text: Ned rides the train to New York City.
142) 2) dialog: My uncle.
142) 4) dialog: Simon Grim.
142) 5) text: The concierge looks through his book as Ned waits.
142) 7) text: Ned pulls the envelope from his pocket, unfolds it and sh it to the concierge.
142) 8) dialog: Room 423.
142) 11) text: Disappointed, Ned takes back the envelope and stands look at his sneakers.
142) 13) dialog: (hopeless) I don't know.
142) 15) text: Ned steps away from the front desk and moves towards the  door. But then he stops and looks back at... The concierge, sitting back in his office, returning his  attention to the TV set. The boy heads for the elevator. The concierge looks up and sees him.
142) 17) text: Ned checks his step and runs for the service stairs. The concierge goes after him.
143) 0) text: Moments later. Ned runs up the stairs, the concierge in pursuit.
144) 0) text: Moments later. Ned jumps out into the hall, narrowly escaping the clutch of the concierge, who falls to the floor. Ned runs up the hall, checking the room numbers as the  concierge gets to his feet. He finds... Room 423. He knocks. The concierge strides up the hall towards him. Ned knocks again. The concierge bears down upon him. He knocks again and... The door opens a crack, held by its safety chain. A femal figure in silhouette is at the narrow gap. Ned looks from the door to the concierge approaching. The concierge arrives and reaches out for him, but the do opens wide and Ned dives in.
145) 0) text: Same time. The concierge stands in the hallway. The door swings shut his face. Ned kneels on the floor of the hotel room, waiting to be  smacked, or something. But when nothing happens, he opens his eyes and looks bac over his shoulder at... Laura, the secretary from the publishing house. She is dr for travel and has her coat hung over her arm, a suitcase her hand. She smiles at him, then looks from the boy to  someone across the room and... Ned follows her gaze to find... Simon, standing there before him, a suitcase in his hand well. He looks down at Ned with a calm, intrigued express The boy looks up at him in awe. Simon steps forward, pauses, then...
146) 0) text: A taxi pulls up. Simon and Ned climb out and Laura leans of the window.
147) 0) text: Gnoc leads Simon out through the kitchen. A band is seen  doing a sound check, inside. Buñuel and Hawkes are waiting there, looking concerned. Simon gives Buñuel his passport. Buñuel nods and leaves. Hawkes and Gnoc open the cellar doors.
150) 0) text: Ned runs along the street and stops at the police car. He points down the street with great urgency. The cops jump their cars and take off. He then looks over at... Fay, leaving the house with Henry's suitcase.
151) 0) text: Same time. Buñuel backs his car into the alley behind World of Donu Stepping out of the car he hands Simon back the passport. Simon checks it and then looks up to see... Father Hawkes and Mr Deng helping Henry outside. Coming o into the daylight, he straightens up and manages to walk his own. He motions Ned over and leans down to the kid wi difficulty.
151) 2) text: Ned does. He has his own Zippo lighter and he proudly lig his dad's cigarette. Henry smokes, hugs Ned, then leans back and pauses. Final
151) 4) text: Ned nods and Henry pats him on the shoulder. Then he stan before Fay and looks at his feet. With her arms folded ac her chest and her hip cocked, she taps her foot impatient and waits for his last line of crap.