0) 0) text: A garbage truck roars by and... Simon Grim hangs from the back of it. He is a shy, skinny and terrified-looking guy around thirty years old. The truck rumbles to a halt and Simon climbs down off it go punch out at the time clock.
1) 0) text: Moments later. He comes walking up a small alley and sits to drink his b He begins to relax. This is his quality private time. Then he hears something and looks up. He peeks up over the edge of some junked kitchen applianc and sees... Two teenage kids -- Warren and Amy -- smoking crack and h sex. Simon looks on, intrigued, as Warren smokes, then...
1) 2) text: Amy takes the pipe and smokes as he feels her up. Simon is fascinated. He drinks and looks on as... Amy grins up foolishly at Warren and lowers the pipe. The boy undoes his belt and hikes up the girl's skirt. Simon can't believe this. He looks around to see if the c is clear, then returns just in time to see... Warren takes Amy by the waist and enter her. The pipe falls from the young girl's hand. Warren throws his head back and grinds himself into her. Simon's mouth falls open in awe. But Amy tosses her head back to the side and sees... The amazed garbage man; caught. Amy starts screaming insanely. Simon runs for his life. Amy and Warren throw rocks and bottles at him as they cha him away.
2) 0) text: Moments later. Simon runs up and throws open the screen door. He stands  there in the doorway catching his breath. His sister, Fay, is at the kitchen table watching a small portable TV while their mother, Mary, sits a few feet awa in the living-room watching another TV tuned to a differe channel.
2) 8) text: Simon sits at the table and Fay slams down before him a b of some sort of gruel. He hesitates, then lifts his spoon Supper is horrible and he screws up his face in disgust. gives him a sideways glance and he leans back down over t bowl and eats some more. Pushing the bowl away gently, he reaches out for the cont of milk on the table and drinks straight from it. He suddenly jumps back and spits out sour milk all over t table. The container drops to the floor and thick globs o cheese roll out. He stands back against the fridge, holding his stomach  while... Fay and Mary look on in disgust.
3) 0) text: Moments later. Simon crosses the lawn and sits on the curb outside his h He stares at the ground before him as he holds his stomac and spits, sickened. He looks up, though, and sees... A little seven-year-old girl -- Pearl age seven -- standi there in the street watching him. Simon tries to smile at her. But she throws a rock at him and hits him in the head. He falls forward, hurt, as the little girl runs away. Low his hand, he sees he's bleeding. Desperate, lonely and il he drags his bloodied fingers across the coarse pavement. Fay slams out of the side door of the house in a tight-fi dress and stands on the lawn, applying lipstick.
3) 4) text: Simon loses track of what he is hearing and relaxes. He l back at his sister. Fay fluffs out her hair and walks off.
3) 6) text: Simon watches her go, but is still drawn to something he  seems to hear up the street in the other direction. He co his head, sits perfectly still and listens. He hears it now. We do, too. Footsteps. Big ones. Like a  giant somewhere in the distance. The neighborhood tremble Titles begin. Simon tries to figure out where it's coming from; the sky the house, the highway at the end of his block... Finally he focuses on... The blacktop right before him, smeared with his own blood Music starts. He kneels out slowly into the street and stares at the  pavement. He stretches out his hand and places it flat on the road. The pounding is louder now, becoming the beat o the music over the scene. Simon lowers his face to the pavement, closes his eyes an Puts his ear right down against the road. He hears... The steady tread of somebody very much larger than life. Kneeling forward, with his ear to the ground, Simon opens his eyes and sees... A man approaching. The music swells up full. Simon lifts his head slowly from the road, looking off in wonder at... This stranger coming towards him; an oddly handsome freak striding over the crest of the distant intersection with windswept mane, two over-stuffed suitcases and a crumpled tie fluttering back over his broad but crooked shoulders. Simon rises till he's kneeling up straight in the road. Henry Fool finally reaches him and stops. Titles finish. Simon says nothing and watches as Henry looks off at the  house. Satisfied, but wary, Henry Fool looks around the neighbor and then down at Simon.
3) 8) text: He tosses the suitcases down in front of Simon and walks towards his new home.
4) 0) text: Henry comes around behind the house and finds the door to his basement apartment. He approaches. Simon follows, car the suitcases.
5) 0) text: Moments later. The door is wrenched open and Henry is hit square in the by a decade of dank airless gloom. He coughs. Entering, he finds a few old wooden chairs littering the  main room. He inspects the old wood stove, then takes a c and smashes it. He tosses the wood in the stove. Simon looks on, amazed. Henry lights a fire with unusuall quick results, then stands back and looks at Simon.
6) 5) text: Amy looks back at Gnoc, snarls, then follows the cashier' gaze to the door. Simon enters. Clutching Henry's cash, he stops dead in hi tracks when he sees... Warren and Amy. He steps forward and approaches the beer cooler. Warren and Amy hover around, just out of reach, like a co of vampires. Dragging a six-pack out of the cooler, Simon crosses to t counter. Warren and Amy hang back, silent and threatening Gnoc rings up the purchase and glances over at... Amy, staring a hole into the side of Simon's skull. Gnoc hands Simon back his change and he makes for the doo but... Warren shoves himself between it and Simon. Simon freezes. Warren is expressionless. Simon looks back Amy. She turns away, reaches up under her skirt, jerks do her panties, then leans forward on to the counter. Leerin back over her shoulder, she hisses...
6) 7) text: Simon is nonplussed. Gnoc presses a button on the wall that sets... A red light flashing above the stockroom door. Warren grabs Simon by the neck and drags him over to Amy' bare behind. Amy laughs as Simon is forced to his knees a has his face shoved up right into the crack of her ass. But then... Simon throws up all over her. Warren falls back in disgust. Gnoc covers her face with her hands. Amy looks around at herself, realizes, and starts screami bloody murder. Simon falls back on to the floor, clutching his stomach, Amy staggers around with her vomit-strewn underwear down  around her ankles. Then Gnoc's father, Mr Deng, appears at the stockroom doo holding a shovel and ready to fight.
6) 9) text: Mr Deng comes running at them and Warren drags Amy from t store. Simon crawls out of the way as the old man throws  open the door to the parking lot and screams at the retre delinquents...
6) 11) text: Having scared them off, he comes back in and starts screa at Simon.
7) 0) text: Later. Simon splashes water over his face at the kitchen sink, t watches as Henry unpacks one of his suitcases. It is fill with dozens of old, worn notebooks. Henry stacks them on mantelpiece over the fireplace; the fire is now crackling and bright. Simon steps over and looks at... The name tag on the other suitcase: 'Henry Fool'.
7) 2) text: Simon looks over and sees... Henry's silhouette against the fire. He steps forward int the light and grabs a beer from the six-pack on the floor He hands one to Simon. Simon takes it and stares at it a moment before raising h eyes to Henry.
7) 3) dialog: Where do you come from?
7) 5) text: He winks at Simon, then struts around the room, hugely  impressed with himself.
7) 7) dialog: Why are you in trouble?
7) 9) text: Simon comes away from the fire, watching him carefully. H stands in a dim corner across the room.
7) 10) dialog: How do you know my name?
7) 11) text: Henry pauses, looks aside, drinks, then grins demoniacall He steps forward and comes face to face with Simon. He li his finger and points to... Simon's name stitched upon the breast of his work shirt. Realizing this, Simon moves off and thinks. Henry throws more wood on the fire, glancing back over hi shoulder, laughing mischievously.
7) 12) dialog: (stopping him) I am not retarded.
7) 14) dialog: (explaining) People. I mean. They think. You know.  Because.
7) 17) text: Simon looks at him. Henry stands and grabs a notebook fro off the mantelpiece. He tears out a few pages and shoves  them in his pocket. He hands the now fresh writing tablet Simon.
7) 21) text: Simon hesitates, then accepts the gifts. Henry goes for  another beer while his new friend studies the dozens of  notebooks on the mantelpiece.
7) 22) dialog: What are these?
7) 24) dialog: (carefully) What have you done?
7) 27) text: He smokes. Simon is impressed. They hear a bottle smash  outside in the street and Henry goes to the window. They' throwing bottles at the house.
7) 29) text: Simon jumps up.
7) 30) dialog: No!
7) 31) text: Henry stops. Simon looks away and sits back down.
7) 32) dialog: (pauses) If I'm quiet.
7) 33) text: He is ashamed of himself. Henry sees this and settles down. He considers his new fr with genuine care as he gets himself a new cigarette. He  lights up, thinks, then grabs another chair and sits clos by Simon. They sit there in silence a while, then...
7) 35) text: Henry stares into the flames and falls silent. Simon is  riveted. He leans forward, on the edge of his seat...
7) 36) dialog: What happened?
8) 0) text: Later that night. Simon climbs the stairs and stops when he hears raunchy s from his sister's room. He stands outside her door and  listens.
8) 2) text: Simon looks up the hall and sees his mother in her room,  sitting on the edge of her bed, smoking. He approaches an stands in her doorway.
8) 4) text: Simon says nothing. He looks down at his feet.
8) 6) dialog: Did you take your pills?
8) 7) text: Now she says nothing. She smokes and looks away. Simon steps into the bathroom and gets her medication. He runs a glass of water and brings it in to her. She swallows the pills and washes them back with water.
8) 8) dialog: You want me to tell her to be quiet?
8) 11) text: She throws the blanket over herself and turns off the lig Simon stands there in the dark.
9) 0) text: Moments later. Simon comes downstairs into the quiet, dark kitchen and s at the table. He listens to the traffic on the highway an stares off into space. Finally, he takes the notebook Hen gave him from his pocket and places it before him. But th he just gazes off into the dim living-room and scratches head. Returning his attention to the notebook, he digs do into his pocket and retrieves his short stub of pencil. He opens the notebook and carefully flattens back the cov Lifting the pencil, he pauses and stares at the blank pag Then, after more intense hesitation, he brings the pencil dull tip to the very top left edge of the page and begins writing in a slow, laborious hand.
10) 0) text: The next morning. Henry barges in the kitchen door with two containers of c and some jelly donuts. Simon jumps up from where he sits  asleep over his notebook at the table.
10) 2) text: Simon rubs the sleep from his eyes, blinks, disoriented a reaches for his wallet.
10) 4) dialog: (handing him cash) Down the highway about a mile and a  half and then make a left.
10) 6) text: He lifts up Simon's notebook.
10) 8) text: Simon hesitates, shyly.
10) 9) dialog: I thought. Um. I was. I wanted to.  Maybe.
10) 10) text: He gives up, sighs and gazes at the floor. Henry flips th the book, impressed. It is full from cover to cover, ever page dense with Simon's cryptic scrawl. Henry frowns,  intrigued. Then...
10) 12) text: Simon looks up, terrified. But his friend puts him at eas
11) 0) text: Later that day. Simon finds a number of volumes of the classics while cru garbage.
12) 0) text: That evening. Simon sits with his evening beer and his new collection o soiled classics. He cracks open a volume of Shakespeare a tries to read. It's an obvious struggle. He puts it aside and lifts up Wordsworth, studying its cover and the textu of the pages. A page flutters away and he climbs down to edge of a greasy puddle to retrieve it. It's now wet and  torn, so he flattens it out on the concrete and tries to it back into the book. He reads a little, furrowing his brow, then drinks. He bi his lip and tries again. He sits back, exhausted and thinks. He hears a twig snap looks back over his shoulder to see... Amy throws a bottle at his head. Smash!!!! He falls to the ground, blood streaming down hi neck. Warren runs over and grabs him by the shirt, lifting him of the puddle and smacking him in the head. Amy runs forward and waits with a rolled-up newspaper whi she sets aflame with her lighter. Warren punches Simon in the stomach and throws him to the ground, then unzips his fly and pisses on him. Amy watches, giggling excitedly, waving the flaming torch Simon crawls away and grabs hold of an old section of fen while Warren zips up and grabs the fire from Amy. Simon pulls himself to his knees, rests his face against rusted fence and gasps for breath. Warren waves the flami torch in his face.
12) 1) dialog: (weakly, unheard) One of you is gunna lose an eye.
12) 2) text: Amy comes nearer with a can of gasoline. Simon pulls hims to his feet as she splashes him with fuel. Warren is wavi the torch deliriously above his head.
12) 3) dialog: (screaming) One of you is gunna lose an eye!
12) 4) text: Warren stops. Amy steps back and lowers the gas can. Simon turns with effort to face them, adjusts his glasses and continues...
12) 5) dialog: One of you. I promise.
12) 6) text: Warren watches him blankly, then is burned by the torch w is too hot to handle. He drops it. Amy giggles, then stops, excited, but confused. Simon grips the rusted chainlink so that it cuts into his hands and stares straight at Warren.
12) 7) dialog: You can set me on fire. But one of  you is gunna have an eye torn out of  your head. I promise.
12) 8) text: Warren is transfixed. He shivers and looks at Amy, who st back, scared, and puts down the gas can. She turns and wa away. Warren looks back at Simon, troubled. He hangs there still, glaring at him. Further away, Warren rejoins Amy and stares at his hands. Amy looks ill.
13) 0) text: Henry is at one of the tables, correcting the spelling in Simon's notebook, when he looks up and sees... Simon stumble in, beaten and bruised, dropping his classi to the floor. Henry and Mr Deng rush over to him.
13) 2) dialog: I was gunna tear out their eyes. I  knew I could do it.
13) 4) dialog: I told them. Like you said. I told  them. And I knew I could do it.
13) 7) text: Henry nods, agreeing, then lifts Simon off the floor. Mr  Deng holds the door open as Henry carries his friend out  into the parking lot. Meanwhile, Gnoc gathers up the classics from the floor an places them beside Simon's notebook, where it still sits  open on the table. She looks at it, then reads. She lifts off the table and reads further, immediately and deeply  engrossed. Mr Deng watches as Henry departs with Simon, then comes b into the store and stops, startled, when he sees... Gnoc sitting there, staring off into space, the notebook  open in her hands before her, singing quietly.
14) 0) text: Twenty minutes later. Fay is in the bathroom helping Simon out of his clothes,  trying to clean his wounds.
14) 2) dialog: No!
14) 23) dialog: Owww!!!
14) 25) dialog: Let me do it!
14) 32) text: Simon reaches out and slams the bathroom door. Fay looks from the bathroom door down the stairs to Mary. Mary, her nerves rattled, glances over at Mr Deng, who tu and leaves the house. Henry lights a fresh cigarette, loosens his tie and heads upstairs.
15) 4) text: Simon just looks at him, not certain what he means.
15) 5) dialog: Nothing.
15) 7) dialog: Iambic what?
15) 11) text: Simon just stares at him, overwhelmed. Henry drops the  notebook on the floor and points at it with his cigarette
15) 13) text: Simon just blinks, looks away and wonders.
15) 15) dialog: It hurts to breathe.
15) 17) text: Simon coughs and Henry leans back and smokes.
16) 0) text: An hour later. Fay cringes outside Simon's room as Henry goes about sett her brother's arm.
16) 1) dialog: Like this?
16) 3) dialog: Wait!
16) 5) dialog: Are you sure that's right?
16) 7) text: Simon does.
16) 8) dialog: Is this gunna hurt?
16) 12) text: Simon nods and stares at the ceiling. Henry hands him a t
16) 14) dialog: (spots blood on it) What's that?
16) 16) text: Simon bites down on the towel and grips the edge of the b with his free hand. Henry sits on his legs and gently rai the broken arm. Outside the door, Fay bites her knuckles. Further down th hall, Mary listens from her bedroom.
16) 18) text: Simon nods. Henry grabs hold of the arm, swallows and bra himself. Simon waits, then Henry tugs the arm straight.
16) 19) dialog: Aaagghhh!!!!!!!
19) 0) text: Same time. Henry enters and takes Simon's notebook from his pocket. flips through a few pages and selects one in particular. He tears it out of the book and tapes it up beside the  register so customers can read it. He winks at Gnoc. She  smiles shyly and makes him a coffee. He takes it and move off to a table just as... Vicky enters. She starts accumulating groceries, placing  them on the counter one item at a time. Henry settles down and watches as... Vicky returns to the counter with a bottle of orange juic and notices the poem. She reads, holding the orange juice out to her side. Gnoc starts to ring up the other purchases as her father  comes up behind her, busying himself with an inventory of the cigarettes. Vicky's lip starts to tremble as she reads, a horrified  expression clouding her face. Finally... Smash!!!! She drops the bottle of orange juice and stands back. Mr Deng and Gnoc jump back, alarmed. Henry tilts his head and pays close attention.
20) 0) text: Later. Henry is at the kitchen table with Simon, working on the  poem. Simon is bandaged up, his arm in a sling, black eye etc.
20) 2) dialog: Uh-huh.
20) 3) text: Henry lifts up one of Simon's newly acquired classics...
20) 5) dialog: Thank you, but that's OK. I'll stop  there on my way back from work. Well,  yes, maybe not today, but, you know,  tomorrow, probably.
20) 7) dialog: My job?
20) 9) dialog: Why?
20) 11) dialog: But I like my job.
20) 13) text: Simon looks past him and Henry follows his gaze to find.. Mary standing at the foot of the stairs, listening to the She says nothing. She looks Henry up and down, then shake her head disdainfully and grunts. She throws herself on t couch and turns on the TV, casting acid glances over at t kitchen.
21) 0) text: Moments later. Henry and Simon come outside...
21) 1) dialog: She's clinically depressed.
21) 3) dialog: (thinking, then) I guess it means it's not her fault.
21) 6) dialog: Here?
21) 8) dialog: To go where?
21) 10) text: Simon looks off, thinks it over and slowly nods.
21) 11) dialog: Yeah, I guess.
21) 13) dialog: Is that from your book?
21) 15) text: He pulls the tiny piece of crumpled advice out from one o his pockets and shows it to Simon.
21) 16) dialog: Can I read your confession?
21) 18) dialog: Is it almost finished?
21) 20) text: He hurries away around the corner. Simon walks back to th house and stops when he sees... A plain-clothes policeman, Officer Buñuel, drive up and before the house. Simon spies as the man gets out of his car and knocks on  Henry's door. He, of course, gets no answer.
22) 0) text: Later that day. Simon works on his poem at the kitchen table while Fay fl through a magazine and watches TV. Mary, lying on the cou in her bathrobe, watches her own TV. The cacophony is augmented by the rattling dishwasher and the trucks rumbling by on the highway outside. Mary looks over at her son, suspicious, and leans off the couch.
22) 3) dialog: I'm writing a poem.
22) 4) text: Mary looks at Fay, who looks up from her magazine and  considers her brother. Then they break out laughing. Simon looks on. They laugh and laugh and laugh...
23) 0) text: Later. Simon is bent over his notebook, consulting a dictionary, hard at work. Amy and three kids are grouped around the register, readi the page Henry taped up earlier. As they read, Amy glance anxiously back at Simon. They finish reading and stand back.
23) 3) text: Amy nods 'Yes', then leads them towards Simon. Simon scribbles away.
23) 11) text: Simon looks around at them all, threatened.
23) 12) dialog: Why?
23) 19) text: Simon fumbles with his pencil, ill at ease and self-consc Then, to get rid of them, he nods his consent.
25) 0) text: Same time. Simon sits back from his writing and rubs his neck. Putti down his pencil, he looks up and sees... Warren enter the store and grab a beer from the cooler. S Simon, he waves and approaches.
25) 2) text: Simon hesitates, but then nods uncertainly. Warren hands a flyer. This year when you go to the polls, I want you t consider Congressman Owen Feer. He wants to restore Ameri to its position of unmatched wealth, power and opportunit to revitalize American civilization and lead the human ra to even greater levels of freedom, prosperity and securit He's a good man. He steps over to the register and pays for his beer. Mr D glares at him, distrustfully. Warren stops on his way out and snarls at the old man...
25) 4) text: He leaves. Simon looks down and studies the flyer.
27) 0) text: Simon is asleep with his head down on the table. He wakes finally and sees... Henry sitting across from him, gripping a beer and readin the poem. He finishes, shuts the book and drinks.
27) 2) text: Simon takes this in, then looks down at his hands and pro carefully.
27) 3) dialog: A man was here today looking for  you.
27) 5) dialog: I don't know. He drove by the house  a few times.
27) 9) dialog: What do they want from you?
27) 14) text: He drinks, then returns and sits beside Simon.
27) 16) dialog: Yeah?
27) 20) text: Tim hesitates, but then obeys. He gets up and leaves. Hen returns to Simon.
27) 22) text: Simon blinks. Henry adds...
27) 24) text: Simon is deeply confused. He looks ill. He stands and tak a few steps away, staring at the floor.
27) 25) dialog: I don't want to think about this.
27) 27) text: Simon stops and looks at him.
27) 29) text: Simon pauses, then comes closer to Henry and stops.
27) 30) dialog: Am I really a poet?
27) 35) text: He strides out of the store. Simon stands there, stunned and looks at Mr Deng as the o man wipes off the table with a wet rag.
28) 0) text: Later that night. Henry is dancing wildly on the bar with two sloppy-drunk  topless dancers. The place is rocking and the crowd cheer them on. Simon sits perched on a stool, gripping the bar with whit knuckles and clutching a beer, looking on in terror as... Henry starts stripping.
29) 0) text: Later that night. Simon stumbles in and heads upstairs. But he stops, seein Mary, sitting on the top step, smoking. She looks guilty tense. So does Simon.
29) 2) dialog: On who?
30) 0) text: Moments later. Simon comes upstairs and stops outside his bedroom door w he sees... Fay, passed out drunk on her bed. Her clothes are half of and her lipstick smeared. She still grips a bottle of teq in her hand. Simon hesitates, but then goes in and removes her shoes. gets her out of her jacket and rolls her into the bed. Her bare limbs have their effect on Simon and he finds hi staring at her thigh. He reaches out and almost caresses her leg where her hike up skirt reveals the bottom of her behind. He catches him snaps his hand away and covers Fay with a blanket. He flees.
31) 0) text: Moments later. Simon is alone in the room with his bed. The pale sheets beckon. He is flushed. He blinks.
33) 0) text: The next morning. Henry stumbles up the stoop carrying a laptop computer, i various accessories and a couple of coffees. He lets himself in and dumps the computer on the kitchen  counter. Simon is asleep on the couch, still in his clothes.
33) 2) text: Henry trudges back to the kitchen, where he whips out his red pen and immediately begins to correct Simon's poem. Simon rolls off the couch and makes his way to the table. Seeing the computer...
33) 3) dialog: What's this?
33) 7) text: Simon looks over the computer and flips through the manua
33) 8) dialog: Where'd you get it?
33) 19) text: Fay stomps back upstairs. Mary slams her door shut. Simon runs out after Henry.
34) 0) text: Moments later. Simon follows Henry out into the street and over towards  World Of Donuts...
34) 1) dialog: Henry, wait up!
35) 2) text: Simon does, but then...
35) 3) dialog: Henry, what's going on? Who is that  guy? What's he want?
35) 5) text: He pats his pockets, looking for his smokes. Simon looks baffled. He comes closer.
35) 6) dialog: Help you with what?
35) 8) text: He hears something, stands and moves further into the chu Simon hesitates, but then follows. They hear someone cryi Finally, in a pew off to one side in the shadows, they fi A young priest named Father Hawkes. He's a wreck. He look up from his quiet sobbing and sees... Henry and Simon standing there looking on with embarrasse distaste. He lowers his head in shame. Henry moves closer and sits beside the distraught priest.
35) 16) dialog: A difference in what?
37) 0) text: An hour later. Henry and Father Hawkes are drinking. Simon leans on the  bar, nodding off to sleep. After a while, Father Hawkes l back and...
37) 3) text: Simon falls off his bar stool.
38) 0) text: Moments later. Warren straightens his tie and looks over to see... Simon stagger up. Warren shakes his head in dismay and approaches. Simon  steadies himself against the wall of the building.
38) 2) dialog: What?
38) 4) text: Simon is lost.
40) 5) text: Simon runs out of the store and limps away towards home a Buñuel storms out in pursuit. Simon tries to run, but Bu catches him easily. BUÑUEL Look, I know you know him. People  have seen you around together.
40) 6) text: Simon ceases to struggle, but shakes himself free and sta looking down at his feet. Buñuel stands aside and watche him a moment, then reaches in his jacket and brings out h badge. BUÑUEL I'm his parole officer.
40) 7) text: Simon studies the badge and waits a little, before asking
40) 8) dialog: What did he do? BUÑUEL I'm not supposed to talk about that  stuff with people.
40) 9) dialog: He's my. Friend.
40) 11) text: Simon doesn't corroborate this. He looks away and readjus his sling. Buñuel scratches his head, satisfied and prep to leave. But first... BUÑUEL You tell Henry to call me -- Officer  Buñuel -- pronto! Or they're gunna  chuck his ass straight back into  jail! Got it?
40) 12) text: Simon shrugs. Buñuel waits a moment, then steps away and gets back in car. Simon watches as the parole officer drives away and  passes...
41) 2) dialog: I quit my job.
41) 4) dialog: There are things I want to do.
41) 6) text: Simon thinks of trying to explain, but then decides not t
41) 7) dialog: 'Opportunity will step out of the  way to let a man... pass it by.'
41) 9) dialog: Now you have to go out and get a  job!
41) 11) dialog: I will.
41) 15) dialog: If you treat Mom like a sick person,  she's gunna stay like... you know, a  sick person.
41) 18) dialog: (banging the table) I am not retarded!
41) 19) text: Fay steps back, startled. Simon stands, but can't decide  which way to go. He sits back down.
41) 20) dialog: I can see with my own eyes.
41) 23) text: Simon is frustrated and lashes out.
41) 24) dialog: Well, who's been keeping an eye on  her while you've been out getting  fucked by every OTB winner in town?
41) 25) text: Fay's mouth falls open and she staggers back, hurt. Simon regrets it already and stands to leave, scared. But Fay grabs the pot off the stove and hurls it at him, spla boiling water all over his back.
41) 26) dialog: Aggghhhh!!!
41) 27) text: Outside, Pearl turns and looks back at the house. Simon lies gasping on the floor of the kitchen. Fay falls back against the stove, terrified and drops her head into her hands.
42) 0) text: Later. Fay is crouched on the floor, sobbing, while Simon lies i tub of cold water. Mary comes in with a pathetic little  freezer tray of ice cubes and dumps them into the tub. She steps back into the hall and throws the ice tray down the stairs. She glares back at Fay, who cries even louder Simon stares up at the ceiling. Mary shakes her head and walks into her room, slamming th door behind her.
42) 2) text: Simon has no answers. But he reaches out and touches his  sister's hand.
43) 0) text: Evening. Simon comes limping in, all stiff because of his scalded  back. He's not familiar with the library, so he stands lo around, trying to figure it out.
44) 1) dialog: (approaching) Henry?
44) 3) dialog: Henry... Your parole officer, Officer  Buñuel, came by again today.
44) 5) dialog: He told me to tell you that if you  don't call him they're gunna put you  back in jail.
44) 7) dialog: He gave me this number...
44) 9) dialog: He was talking to Mr Deng too, and,  well, you know, I was thinking...
44) 11) text: Simon blinks and looks down at his feet, unable to respon Deeply hurt, he simply turns to walk away. But Henry reac out and grabs his arm. Simon stops, pauses and looks back his friend.
44) 15) text: Simon comes back over to him.
44) 16) dialog: Call him, Henry. Please.
44) 17) text: Henry gives in slowly to the inevitable. He sighs deeply stands, handing Simon a book...
44) 19) dialog: Yeah.
44) 21) text: Simon looks at the cover: Paradise Lost.
44) 25) dialog: I make girls uncomfortable.
44) 27) dialog: Henry?
44) 28) text: Henry stops and turns. Simon pauses, then...
44) 29) dialog: What did you do?
44) 32) text: Simon waits for more but is disappointed. With one final  cracked grin at his friend, Henry throws back his shoulde slicks back his hair and strides off. Simon watches him g and frowns, not comforted. He flips through the pages of  Paradise Lost.
44) 33) dialog: (voice over) 'Whereto with speedy words the arch- fiend replied Fallen Cherub, to be  weak is miserable...'
45) 0) text: Moments later. He comes out from the stacks, working his way through the first page of Paradise Lost. He nearly bumps into a girl they stop and look at one another. He tries to hold her g for a moment, challenging himself, but then turns away an stalks to a table. He sits and leans over the page. After a moment, though, he lifts his face and glances at. Another girl, sitting further down the table. She looks u from her reading and returns his gaze. He smiles at her. She gets up and leaves. Simon frowns, confounded and returns to his book. He take out his notebook and pencil, meaning to take notes, but s instead... A third girl sitting at another table, listening to her  Walkman and typing her homework into a laptop computer. He finds himself staring at her and forces himself back t his book. But he can't help himself and glances back over her. With a sigh, he begins to write in his notebook...
45) 1) dialog: (voice-over) Why is it this beautiful girl makes  me sad? Does she know how beautiful  she is? Do people tell her? Does she  ever feel stupid?
45) 3) dialog: Why don't I smile when she looks at  me? I look away. Ashamed of myself.
45) 5) dialog: Her figure makes me violent. I want  to somehow break her. But tenderly.  How is this possible? Ask Henry.
45) 7) dialog: (voice-over) I can't breathe.
45) 9) dialog: (voice-over) Why do I do this to myself? And why  do I reduce you to only one  possibility? These are not even  questions anymore. I know the answers  myself. This isn't a page of notes.  It's a letter. A letter to you. A  desperate act. You are a miracle to  me. I can't breathe.
45) 10) text: By now, Simon is gone from the library. The girl finishes reading the letter and looks around in astonishment.
47) 0) text: Simon comes in, excited and preoccupied, and finds Fay wo at the computer.
47) 2) dialog: (guiltily) Nothing.
47) 6) text: Simon takes his notebooks from a cabinet above the fridge
47) 7) dialog: Can you type my poem into that thing?
47) 9) dialog: Yeah.
48) 0) text: Moments later. Simon arrives with a six-pack and finds Henry sitting in  front of the fire, staring into the flames, brooding dark
48) 2) text: He drinks, then looks at Simon and adds...
48) 4) dialog: (he is) Sorry.
48) 13) text: He glances over at Simon, who sits gripping his beer,  watching, rapt.
48) 25) text: Simon sits back in awe. He waits a moment and thinks. Fin he stands and approaches the 'Confession'. He reaches out and drags his hand across the notebooks.
48) 26) dialog: When can I read it?
49) 0) text: Next day. Simon and Father Hawkes are deep in conversation.
49) 2) text: Simon listens and carefully considers all the priest says
49) 3) dialog: Yes, but... do you think Henry is...  dangerous?
49) 6) dialog: But what can I do?
50) 0) text: Fay comes walking up through the parking lot with Simon's notebooks and a pile of typed papers. She's a wreck; tear stained face and a ball of tissues gripped in her hand li a weapon. She throws open the door to the World of Donuts and looks around. The place is crowded with teenagers hanging around like i was a café or student union. Fay sniffles tragically and falls on the counter.
50) 2) text: Gnoc gets the Kleenex while Fay overhears two kids near  Simon's poem...
50) 5) text: Fay pays for her tissues and makes her way to the back of the store where she finds Simon with Henry, who is holdin forth to his friend and the small coterie of high school  students surrounding them...
50) 12) text: Fay blows her nose and Simon is concerned.
50) 13) dialog: You alright, Fay?
50) 23) text: Simon looks from her to Henry. Henry winks at him.
50) 25) text: Simon signs the girl's book.
50) 28) dialog: (reminding him) Angus James.
50) 33) dialog: I don't know.
50) 45) text: Henry reaches across the table and shakes Simon's hand.
51) 11) text: Simon finally shuffles into the kitchen.
51) 14) text: Simon says nothing. He just stares at her.
51) 16) text: Simon just looks away, thinks, then wanders back upstairs Mary passes him on his way out of the kitchen and comes u to Fay and Edna at the door.
52) 0) text: Henry is shaving. Simon sits in the kitchen, sorting thro rejection letters...
52) 1) dialog: (reading) Dear Mr Grim, we here at the magazine  consider ourselves and the publication  open-minded and cutting edge and  have consistently printed the work  of the most brilliant and farseeing  young talent of the day. Every week  we are forced to return writing which  we can not for one reason or another  publish and include a brief but polite  refusal. But this tract you've sent  us demands a response as violent as  the effect your words have had upon  us. Drop dead. Keep your day job.  Sincerely, The Editors.
52) 3) dialog: (thinking) You can't argue with taste?
52) 5) text: Simon gives up and pushes the letters away, beaten.
52) 6) dialog: The other twenty-five are almost as  bad. I don't know why I bother.
52) 9) dialog: Do I?
52) 11) dialog: I'm not so sure sometimes.
52) 13) text: Simon holds the stare, overwhelmed.
52) 14) dialog: I, ah...
52) 16) text: Simon looks away, thinks a moment, then looks back at Hen
52) 17) dialog: No. I can't.
52) 19) text: He goes back into the bathroom. Simon thinks a while, the
52) 20) dialog: (calling) Can you recommend it to your friend,  the publisher?
52) 22) dialog: Henry? Can you recommend the poem to  him?
52) 23) text: Still no response. Simon gets up and stands in the bathro doorway. Henry is shaving.
52) 24) dialog: I mean, I think it's finished and,  for better or worse, it is book  length.
52) 26) dialog: Why?
52) 28) dialog: But he's your friend, right?
52) 30) dialog: You said he respected your opinion.
52) 31) text: Henry puts down his razor and looks at Simon in the mirro
52) 33) text: He sees Simon looks worried.
52) 37) text: Simon patiently absorbs all this, then walks through the  kitchen and looks across at the 'Confession' notebooks.
52) 38) dialog: Henry, why can't I read the  'Confession'?
53) 0) text: Simon talks with Fay as she eats her lunch.
53) 2) dialog: He's afraid that his reputation will  prevent people from giving my work  an honest chance.
53) 4) dialog: As a writer.
53) 6) dialog: He's kinda like in exile. Marginalized  on account of his ideas.
53) 8) dialog: He has. He's written a book. It's  almost completed. He's been working  on it for years. It's just not  published.
53) 10) dialog: (defensively) It's a quite serious and difficult  piece of work, apparently.
53) 12) dialog: No. Not yet. Soon. Certain work needs  to be experienced all at once in  order for one to appreciate the full  force of its character.
54) 0) text: Mary is sitting, brooding in front of the TV, which displ only static white noise. She turns it off with the remote and sits in silence for a moment. She gets off the couch and moves to the kitchen table, wh Fay's computer sits. She goes over and reaches up above t fridge, opening the cabinet containing Simon's notebooks. She hesitates, then takes them down and holds them in her hands, as if to begin reading. But then she puts them bac She walks over to the piano and stands there, hesitating, before slowly sitting down and opening it. She lifts her  hands to play, then pauses and looks around behind her, m sure no one is there. But, finally, she turns back and begins playing. She plays a sad-sounding modern classical piece with rust accomplishment. At one time she was probably quite good. She plays for a while, gradually letting herself become m by the music. But then she stops, pauses, and looks behin her. Simon is standing in the kitchen. He has been deeply affe by her playing.
54) 1) dialog: Please don't stop.
54) 2) text: She stares him down a moment longer, then looks away and  closes the piano. She returns to the couch and switches o the TV. Simon comes closer. He sits.
54) 3) dialog: That was nice what you were playing.
54) 5) text: Simon waits. Eventually...
54) 6) dialog: Does that matter?
54) 8) text: She gets up off the couch and goes upstairs. She slams he bedroom door and leaves Simon alone on the couch. He thin Then, he gets up and goes into the kitchen. He takes the typed manuscript of his poem from the cabine above the refrigerator and goes to the door. He pauses,  clutches the poem and goes out.
55) 0) text: Simon waits, clutching his poem to his side, as a train p into the station. Excited and determined, he gets on.
56) 0) text: Simon travels to New York City. He finds an envelope on t floor to put the poem in.
57) 0) text: Mary wakes up and sits on the edge of the bed, feeling  regretful about her tone of voice with Simon.
58) 2) text: No answer. She steps over to the cabinet and almost takes down Simon's notebook. But doesn't. She grabs her pills a is about to take them. But then she stops. She puts them  down and goes to the cabinet. She takes down Simon's note and sits at the table, pauses, then pulls them closer and begins to read.
59) 0) text: Simon enters a big, posh lobby and checks the registry.
60) 0) text: Moments later. Simon comes out of the elevator and enters the reception  area of James Midriff and Sutton Publishing. He walks  hesitantly up to the receptionist, a bright and spirited  young woman named Laura.
60) 2) text: Simon steps back defensively.
60) 4) dialog: No.
60) 6) dialog: I'm here to see Mr. Angus James.
60) 8) dialog: I'm not a plumber. Or a messenger. I  was once a garbage man. But now I'm  a poet.
62) 0) text: Simon looks disappointed.
62) 1) dialog: Why can't I see him now?
62) 3) text: Simon just looks down at his shoes. Laura touches his arm and reassures him.
62) 6) dialog: Why?
64) 0) text: Moments later. Angus comes out to the water cooler and glares at Simon a he gets a drink.
64) 4) text: Simon is stumped. He looks over at Laura, who purses her  lips and tilts her head. He twists a button on his shirt, thinking, then returns to Angus.
64) 5) dialog: Because it's a masterpiece.
64) 7) dialog: Yes.
64) 10) dialog: I wouldn't want to waste your time.
64) 12) dialog: Thank you.
64) 14) text: Simon looks over at Laura.
64) 16) dialog: (looking back) Maybe.
66) 0) text: Angus throws on his coat and thrusts the poem at Simon as they walk down the hall.
66) 2) text: Simon looks pale as Angus strides towards the elevator.
66) 4) text: They reach the elevator and stop. Simon tries to catch hi breath.
66) 6) dialog: (weakly) A friend of mine spoke of you. He  said you had a lot of integrity.
66) 8) text: Simon hesitates, almost decides against it, but then...
66) 9) dialog: Henry Fool.
66) 10) text: Angus looks back at him. Simon waits. Angus looks aside, thinks, then shakes his head.
66) 12) text: Simon just looks at him blankly, confused. The doors slide open and Angus gets in the elevator. He's gone. Simon sinks into a chair and stares at the carpet. is so surprised and hurt he gasps for breath. His poem slips from his hand and falls to the floor.
66) 14) text: Simon doesn't register this right away. But then he looks and over at the receptionist. Laura stands and comes around her desk. She pauses, seein his disappointment, then comes closer and picks up his po Handing it to him, she explains...
67) 0) text: Later. Simon dumps his poem in a trash can, pauses, then enters subway.
73) 0) text: Same time. Simon comes in, furious and throws open the fridge. He fi nothing to eat or drink. He slams the door, then hears th water running in the bathroom upstairs. He stops and list The bathroom door; the water heard running steadily. Simon turns away then sees... The poem notebooks face down on the table. He thinks. The bathroom door; the water heard running...
75) 0) text: Same time. Simon climbs the stairs to the bathroom...
77) 0) text: Same time. Simon knocks on the bathroom door.
79) 0) text: Same time. Simon bangs on the bathroom door.
81) 0) text: Same time. Simon crashes through the door and finds... Mary, kneeling over the edge of the tub, her wrists slit the blood running down the drain, the shower raining down over her back. Simon looks on in horror.
83) 0) text: Same time. Simon lifts Mary from the bathtub.
85) 0) text: Same time. Simon drags his mother from the bathroom and down the sta
88) 0) text: Same time. Simon drags Mary out the kitchen door and into the yard,  looking desperately for help. He reaches the street, her  limp body hanging grotesquely before him, and looks helpl up and down the block.
89) 0) text: Simon, Henry, Mr Deng, Fay, Gnoc and Buñuel stand with F Hawkes at the grave.
89) 2) text: He sprinkles holy water on the coffin and they all drop  carnations at the grave. Simon and Fay remain there looki down at the coffin. Henry waits for them a few yards away wishing he could help, but feeling out of place.
90) 0) text: Simon is back working on the garbage truck. He collects  garbage and throws it in the truck as Henry, who is just  along for the ride, hangs from the side of the truck and  pulls the lever whenever Simon tells him to.
90) 2) dialog: But Angus James said he didn't even  know you!
90) 5) dialog: Do it.
90) 7) dialog: Anyway, he hated my poem.
90) 9) dialog: But nobody likes it.
90) 11) dialog: Do it.
90) 14) text: Henry steps down and leans over into the garbage. Simon j him as he lifts something that is either a ring or a stra piece of machinery.
90) 16) dialog: Brass maybe. Some kinda copper.
90) 18) dialog: I think it's a gasket. A fitting  from off of that old refrigerator  over there.
90) 19) text: Henry puts it in his pocket, satisfied and Simon jumps on the back of the truck as it turns the corner and rolls aw Henry starts to walk off in the opposite direction, but s when he sees Pearl age seven.
96) 0) text: Simon hangs from the garbage truck as it comes up the str and pauses in front of his house. He jumps down and the t barrels away.
97) 0) text: Simon taps at the door. She looks over at him and he sees she's been crying. He comes into the room and she sits up the edge of the bed.
97) 1) dialog: Did you see him?
97) 3) dialog: Did you talk?
97) 6) dialog: You've got to tell him, Fay.
97) 8) text: And she starts crying again. Simon awkwardly touches her  shoulder, then moves his hand away. Fay pulls herself  together, sniffles and goes into the bathroom.
98) 0) text: Moments later. Simon comes downstairs and finds Henry at the piano. He l ill and is clutching a nearly empty container of espresso He is staring sickly at 'the ring'.
98) 1) dialog: Henry?
98) 3) dialog: What's wrong?
98) 5) text: Simon lifts the coffee container and smells it.
98) 6) dialog: How many of these did you have?
98) 9) text: Simon puts the container down and sits at the table.
98) 10) dialog: Henry, we have to talk.
98) 12) dialog: Fay's taking a shower.
98) 15) text: He looks at Simon.
98) 16) dialog: (pauses) Henry, Fay's pregnant.
98) 18) dialog: Fay's pregnant with your child.
100) 0) text: A month later. Mr Deng and Buñuel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, in the church foyer. Once inside, he shakes them off and the stand back. He huffs and puffs and tosses the hair back o of his eyes. He paces back and forth like a caged animal, then stops, sees... Fay, at the altar, waiting with Simon. She is beautiful. Henry calms down, deeply affected. Fay smiles down the aisle at him. Henry throws back his shoulders, straightens his tie and  strides up the aisle. Also present at the ceremony are Vicky and Warren. Gnoc i maid of honor.
101) 22) text: Simon walks down the aisle to see to Amy. The guests watch and wait. As Simon reaches her, Amy looks away from the altar and s him the fax scroll.
101) 25) dialog: Where did you get this?
101) 27) text: Simon looks up the aisle at... Fay and Henry. They look away, caught.
101) 29) text: Confused, Simon starts for the door, shoving the fax in h pocket. Fay steps down from the altar...
102) 0) text: Later that evening. The whole neighborhood is celebrating Fay's wedding. The  music is loud. The people are drunk. The place is a shamb A big dance number is playing. Amidst all the festivities though, Simon and Buñuel have the small TV propped up on of the fridge, following the evening news...
102) 8) text: The TV is switched off. It's later now. People are passed out on the kitchen floor and various neighbors are sittin around the table. Fay steps back from the TV, drains a gl of beer and wipes her mouth on the sleeve of her wedding  gown. She hugs Simon, who is deeply unsettled by the news his growing infamy.
103) 0) text: A huge crowd of kids are pressed up against the doors, tr to get a peek at their hero, Simon Grim. Angus comes away from the window. He stands and regards S who is sitting at a table tearing a napkin to shreds.
103) 2) dialog: I know, it's just...
103) 4) dialog: Well, yes. But.
103) 6) dialog: Why have you reconsidered?
103) 8) dialog: But you don't like it?
103) 10) dialog: What made you change your mind?
103) 13) text: Simon thinks this over, but says nothing. Angus comes ove and lays his hand on his shoulder.
103) 15) text: Simon nods.
104) 0) text: Moments later. Angus emerges and has to fight his way through the throng excited adolescents. He reaches his limo and gets in. But pauses before closing the door and considers the crowd. Simon emerges from the store and kids begin screaming and shouting for autographs. Angus shakes his head, impressed
105) 0) text: Simon consults Father Hawkes.
105) 2) dialog: A hundred thousand in cash up front.
105) 4) dialog: A seventy/thirty split.
105) 6) dialog: So it's a good deal?
105) 8) dialog: So I should take it?
106) 0) text: Evening. Henry stalks along, all fired up. Simon tries his best to keep up with him.
106) 4) dialog: Henry, please, let me read the  'Confession'.
106) 6) dialog: Angus James is convinced my poem is  going to make him incredibly wealthy.  He'll read your book and seriously  consider publishing it. If I ask him  to. I'm certain.
106) 9) text: Having finally got through to him, Simon comes forward,  anxious to help Henry.
106) 10) dialog: I'll insist he publish the  'Confession'.
106) 12) dialog: (adds) Or I won't let him publish my poem.
106) 13) text: Henry sits there watching Simon, impressed with this evid of increased self-esteem. He realizes the profundity of t gesture.
106) 15) text: Simon stares off into the distance.
106) 16) dialog: You saved my life.
106) 19) dialog: (pausing) I owe you everything.
106) 20) text: Henry steps away, considering, then looks back at Simon a extends his hand.
106) 22) text: Simon smiles. Henry smiles. They shake hands.
107) 0) text: Simon enters, comes forward into the room and pauses, loo off at... The stack of twelve books that comprise the 'Confession'.
109) 0) text: Simon lifts the first volume, opens it and begins reading He sits.
111) 0) text: Simon strides the length of the living room, reading. He  stops, frowns.
112) 0) text: Simon reads in front of the fire.
114) 0) text: The next morning. Simon sits wearily reading the final page of volume twelv as the morning sun streaks into the room. Finally, he fin and slowly closes the book. He stands and crosses the roo Leaning against the wall, he removes his glasses and rubs his aching eyes.
115) 0) text: Simon steps out of Henry's apartment and sees Henry aslee on the back stoop.
116) 0) text: Simon stares into a glass of water. Fay sits ten feet awa waiting. Finally...
116) 2) dialog: It's terrible.
117) 2) dialog: Yes.
117) 4) dialog: Yes.
117) 6) dialog: Yes.
117) 8) dialog: That's what you said about my poem.
117) 11) dialog: But just exactly what is the nature  of your faith in my writing?
117) 15) dialog: He taught me everything I know.
117) 17) text: Simon waits a while, staring at his shoes.
117) 18) dialog: How about if my advance is only a  hundred thousand?
117) 20) dialog: We could split the royalties  seventy/thirty.
117) 22) text: Simon sits and lets this sink in. Angus waits, then...
117) 24) text: Simon continues looking out at the city. Angus waits, but there is no response. Finally, Simon turns, pauses and sl crosses the room. He sits at the table and looks down at the contract. He signs.
124) 0) text: Henry is asleep on a row of waiting-room chairs, exhauste Simon comes running up the hall and finds him. It's late no one is around. He sits down beside Henry and shakes hi Henry wakes.
124) 2) text: He sits up and Simon sits beside him.
124) 3) dialog: What happened?
124) 5) dialog: And Fay?
124) 7) text: Simon sits back, relieved. Then he remembers the rain-soa shopping bag he has with him. He pulls out a couple of ca of beer and hands one to Henry.
124) 11) text: Simon pauses, scared, then gets up and crosses the room. looks out of the window and gathers his strength.
124) 12) dialog: Listen, Henry, Angus James didn't  like your 'Confession'.
124) 13) text: Henry looks at Simon blankly, then blinks and looks away.
124) 15) dialog: What do you mean?
124) 17) text: Silence. Simon comes back and sits again.
124) 18) dialog: No. He didn't.
124) 20) dialog: Accessible?
124) 22) text: Simon just stares at him blankly, then sighs and shakes h head.
124) 23) dialog: No. Don't.
124) 25) text: Simon comes over and lays his hand on Henry's shoulder.
124) 26) dialog: No. Really, Henry. Don't.
124) 28) dialog: I'm saying... Angus James didn't  like it.
124) 31) dialog: What I think doesn't matter.
124) 33) dialog: I gave it to him to read and he hated  it. What more can I do?
124) 35) dialog: I can't do that.
124) 37) dialog: That was before I read your book.
124) 39) dialog: (looking up at him) I signed the contract, Henry.
124) 41) dialog: Look, Henry, what did you expect?
124) 43) dialog: (indignantly) Look, if I had told you, when at  first I read it, that I thought it  was no good, what would you have  done?
124) 45) dialog: And insisted that there's no  accounting for taste.
124) 47) text: Simon's words catch in his throat. He turns away, frustra
124) 48) dialog: I don't know. I didn't bring it to  Angus because I thought it was good.  I brought it to Angus because you're  my friend.
124) 50) dialog: (explodes) Look, Henry, I did it! I wrote. I  wrote poetry because you told me to!  I worked! I worked while you sat  back and comfortably dismissed the  outside world as too shallow, stupid  and mean to appreciate your ideas.
124) 52) dialog: (sits, tired) Maybe. Maybe it is.
124) 55) text: Simon hangs his head, destroyed.
124) 56) dialog: I'm leaving.
124) 61) dialog: (weakly) The world is full of shit.
124) 62) text: Henry take advantage of Simon's disillusionment and puts a big show of secure wisdom.
124) 64) text: Simon sits there a moment, numb with grief. Henry, red in the face, stares at the floor. Suddenly, Simon stands and walks out. Henry looks up and watches him go. He can hard believe it. He almost raises his voice and apologizes, bu can't. He lowers his head again and covers his face with hands, listening to Simon's footsteps receding through th halls. Simon walks on, away from us, down the hospital corridor.
145) 0) text: Same time. The concierge stands in the hallway. The door swings shut his face. Ned kneels on the floor of the hotel room, waiting to be  smacked, or something. But when nothing happens, he opens his eyes and looks bac over his shoulder at... Laura, the secretary from the publishing house. She is dr for travel and has her coat hung over her arm, a suitcase her hand. She smiles at him, then looks from the boy to  someone across the room and... Ned follows her gaze to find... Simon, standing there before him, a suitcase in his hand well. He looks down at Ned with a calm, intrigued express The boy looks up at him in awe. Simon steps forward, pauses, then...
145) 1) dialog: Get up off your knees.
146) 0) text: A taxi pulls up. Simon and Ned climb out and Laura leans of the window.
146) 2) dialog: I'll see you in Stockholm.
146) 3) text: They kiss. The taxi pulls away. Simon comes down beside N takes the boy by the shoulders and whispers in his ear. The kid takes off. Simon looks over at World of Donuts and sees Gnoc waiting there at the door.
147) 0) text: Gnoc leads Simon out through the kitchen. A band is seen  doing a sound check, inside. Buñuel and Hawkes are waiting there, looking concerned. Simon gives Buñuel his passport. Buñuel nods and leaves. Hawkes and Gnoc open the cellar doors.
148) 0) text: Moments later. Simon is lead down the stairs and stops. He looks on in h at... Henry, lying on a makeshift bed, badly beaten up and weak Mr Deng is wrapping his chest in bandages. Simon pauses, then comes closer. He reaches out and touch Henry's shoulder, standing there looking down at his frie Henry looks up at him, pauses and then gestures vaguely w his hand.
148) 2) text: Simon thinks about this and looks away.
148) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, Henry.
148) 5) dialog: So did you.
151) 0) text: Same time. Buñuel backs his car into the alley behind World of Donu Stepping out of the car he hands Simon back the passport. Simon checks it and then looks up to see... Father Hawkes and Mr Deng helping Henry outside. Coming o into the daylight, he straightens up and manages to walk his own. He motions Ned over and leans down to the kid wi difficulty.
151) 7) text: But then she looks at him and softens. He leans in and ki her passionately on the mouth. Moments later, they all help Henry into Buñuel's car and Simon gets in behind the wheel. The doors slam shut and S steers the car slowly up the alley. Henry gazes out at Fa running along beside the car with the rest of the  neighborhood, some of them laughing, some of them crying.
152) 0) text: Simon pulls up at the curb and jumps out. He helps Henry  climb out and together they enter the terminal.
153) 2) text: Henry hands them over. He glances back at... Simon, waiting. The clerk compares Henry to the picture in the passport,  checks again, then...
154) 0) text: Moments later. Airline representatives come rushing up with walkie-talki to meet Henry and Simon as they run through the terminal.
154) 3) dialog: (shoves him) Go on.
154) 4) text: Henry is ushered through security. They take his ticket a check his passport again. They take his suitcase and plac it on the conveyor belt. He passes through the metal dete They pass the metal detector wand over him and he stands  there with his hands outstretched, as... Simon waits and watches. The suitcase rolls out from the x-ray machine and as Henr grabs it, he stops and looks across the security checkpoi at... Simon, standing there. He steps forward anxiously. Henry lingers, speechless, but the airline representative are at his side...
154) 6) text: They drag him away, but Henry looks back as... Simon stops and watches.
155) 2) text: Runway technicians rush to their positions, but Henry han back and struggles across the tarmac, looking back over h shoulder at... Simon, behind the huge plate glass window of the terminal He stops and waits. Simon raises his hand in farewell and... Henry raises his in reply. Then Simon, unheard behind the gigantic glass wall, silen amongst the roar of the runway, says...
155) 3) dialog: (unheard) Run.
155) 4) text: And Henry understands. He lowers his hand, waits just a  moment, then turns and looks out at... The airplane. The airline representative is shouting at h from the foot of the stairs and waving him on with her wa talkie. He glances back once more at Simon. Then... Henry is running, struggling towards us, forcing himself  towards the plane, getting stronger and running faster wi every step he takes.