18) 0) text: Next morning. A thirty-year-old cocktail waitress named Vicky walks up stops when she sees... Warren, sitting back against the side of World of Donuts, smoking a joint and thinking about his future. She sighs and approaches.
18) 1) dialog: Hey, Warren, are you a registered  voter?
18) 5) dialog: It's everything you need to know  about the upcoming elections and  congressman Owen Feer and all the  really good things he wants to do  for our country.
18) 8) dialog: He wants to win back this country  for us Americans, Warren, and restore  some kind of cultural-moral standard  to our way of life.
18) 9) text: Warren looks over the flyer, then reconsiders Vicky.
18) 11) dialog: (carefully) Nine o'clock.
18) 13) text: Vicky sighs, troubled. She adjusts her waitress uniform a looks mildly offended.
18) 14) dialog: Well, I don't know, Warren. I mean...
18) 17) text: Vicky is hard-pressed. She wants to believe him, but know better. She thinks about it while... Henry passes by and approaches the store.
19) 0) text: Same time. Henry enters and takes Simon's notebook from his pocket. flips through a few pages and selects one in particular. He tears it out of the book and tapes it up beside the  register so customers can read it. He winks at Gnoc. She  smiles shyly and makes him a coffee. He takes it and move off to a table just as... Vicky enters. She starts accumulating groceries, placing  them on the counter one item at a time. Henry settles down and watches as... Vicky returns to the counter with a bottle of orange juic and notices the poem. She reads, holding the orange juice out to her side. Gnoc starts to ring up the other purchases as her father  comes up behind her, busying himself with an inventory of the cigarettes. Vicky's lip starts to tremble as she reads, a horrified  expression clouding her face. Finally... Smash!!!! She drops the bottle of orange juice and stands back. Mr Deng and Gnoc jump back, alarmed. Henry tilts his head and pays close attention.
19) 1) dialog: (screaming at Mr Deng) How dare you put something like this  up where anyone can see it!
19) 4) dialog: It's pornography! The product of a  diseased mind! You oughta be ashamed  of yourself, Mr Deng!
19) 6) dialog: (pauses, confused) It's disgusting! There oughta be a  law or something!
40) 2) dialog: I'm not saying you did, I'm just  saying one was and since you do have  this criminal background...
40) 14) dialog: Don't you even come near me!
91) 0) text: Henry comes up the street with Pearl age seven on his bac He walks into Vicky's yard and finds Warren lifting weigh in the garage.
92) 4) dialog: He's a good man, Henry. Nobody's  perfect.
92) 6) dialog: He's terribly disappointed.
92) 9) dialog: Thanks. She gets scared.
92) 11) text: Vicky caresses Pearl's hair, then drinks and looks over a Henry.
92) 12) dialog: I love him.
100) 0) text: A month later. Mr Deng and BuГ±uel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, in the church foyer. Once inside, he shakes them off and the stand back. He huffs and puffs and tosses the hair back o of his eyes. He paces back and forth like a caged animal, then stops, sees... Fay, at the altar, waiting with Simon. She is beautiful. Henry calms down, deeply affected. Fay smiles down the aisle at him. Henry throws back his shoulders, straightens his tie and  strides up the aisle. Also present at the ceremony are Vicky and Warren. Gnoc i maid of honor.
128) 0) text: Fay comes up looking for Ned and sees... Pearl, age fourteen, come out of Vicky's House. She is  fourteen years old now. Warren steps out the door and gra her by the arm. She shakes him off. He slaps her. She runs down the steps and glares back at him.
132) 2) text: He runs through the house, checking the rooms. He throws  open the door to the bedroom and finds... Vicky, sitting on the edge of the bed, smoking. She has a black eye and a swollen cheek.
132) 4) dialog: (standing) What do you think you're doing, you  idiot!
132) 8) text: Vicky looks troubled. She sits back down with a sigh.
132) 9) dialog: Mind your own business, Henry.
132) 11) text: Henry falls back and looks at Vicky. She looks away. Henry looks at Warren, pauses, then gives him a sharp, ha shove. Warren stands back against the wall, pauses, then erupts  into viciousness. He grabs Henry and throws him violently down the hall, wh he hits the wall and collapses. As Henry gets to his knees, Warren kicks him in the ribs. Henry curls up and rolls out on to the kitchen floor. War kicks him in the side of the head. Vicky sits back down on the bed, covering her ears. Warren beats the hell out of Henry, kicking him in the fa and ribs whenever he manages to get up on his hands and k Henry crawls under the kitchen table for safety. Warren g his feet and drags him out. As he is dragged across the f Henry finds a screwdriver and grabs it. He rolls over on back as... Warren lunges down at him again and...
132) 13) text: Warren is stabbed in the heart. Henry can't believe it. Warren can't believe it. He stands there in the middle of the kitchen, amazed, with the screwdriver sticking out of his chest. Henry, semi-conscious and severely beaten, falls against back door and coughs up a few of his teeth. Vicky steps i the hall from her room and shudders. Warren sits at the table, stunned. He looks from the  screwdriver to Vicky, then...
135) 0) text: Later. Fay staggers out into the noisy corridor and rests agains the wall. Looking down the hall she sees... Pearl and Vicky, sitting in a blank, brightly lit room be a glass door. Fay comes closer and looks in at them. They don't see her. They stare at the floor before them,  dazed and confused.