1) 0) text: Moments later. He comes walking up a small alley and sits to drink his b He begins to relax. This is his quality private time. Then he hears something and looks up. He peeks up over the edge of some junked kitchen applianc and sees... Two teenage kids -- Warren and Amy -- smoking crack and h sex. Simon looks on, intrigued, as Warren smokes, then...
1) 1) dialog: (to Amy) You want some?
1) 2) text: Amy takes the pipe and smokes as he feels her up. Simon is fascinated. He drinks and looks on as... Amy grins up foolishly at Warren and lowers the pipe. The boy undoes his belt and hikes up the girl's skirt. Simon can't believe this. He looks around to see if the c is clear, then returns just in time to see... Warren takes Amy by the waist and enter her. The pipe falls from the young girl's hand. Warren throws his head back and grinds himself into her. Simon's mouth falls open in awe. But Amy tosses her head back to the side and sees... The amazed garbage man; caught. Amy starts screaming insanely. Simon runs for his life. Amy and Warren throw rocks and bottles at him as they cha him away.
6) 0) text: This is a convenience store with a number of tables at wh to eat donuts. Warren is shoplifting while Amy terrorizes Gnoc Deng, the Vietnamese cashier, who stares out at them from behind th safety of the counter.
6) 2) dialog: (calling) She's mute.
6) 4) dialog: She don't -- you know -- talk.
6) 5) text: Amy looks back at Gnoc, snarls, then follows the cashier' gaze to the door. Simon enters. Clutching Henry's cash, he stops dead in hi tracks when he sees... Warren and Amy. He steps forward and approaches the beer cooler. Warren and Amy hover around, just out of reach, like a co of vampires. Dragging a six-pack out of the cooler, Simon crosses to t counter. Warren and Amy hang back, silent and threatening Gnoc rings up the purchase and glances over at... Amy, staring a hole into the side of Simon's skull. Gnoc hands Simon back his change and he makes for the doo but... Warren shoves himself between it and Simon. Simon freezes. Warren is expressionless. Simon looks back Amy. She turns away, reaches up under her skirt, jerks do her panties, then leans forward on to the counter. Leerin back over her shoulder, she hisses...
6) 7) text: Simon is nonplussed. Gnoc presses a button on the wall that sets... A red light flashing above the stockroom door. Warren grabs Simon by the neck and drags him over to Amy' bare behind. Amy laughs as Simon is forced to his knees a has his face shoved up right into the crack of her ass. But then... Simon throws up all over her. Warren falls back in disgust. Gnoc covers her face with her hands. Amy looks around at herself, realizes, and starts screami bloody murder. Simon falls back on to the floor, clutching his stomach, Amy staggers around with her vomit-strewn underwear down  around her ankles. Then Gnoc's father, Mr Deng, appears at the stockroom doo holding a shovel and ready to fight.
6) 8) dialog: (scared) Oh, shit!
6) 9) text: Mr Deng comes running at them and Warren drags Amy from t store. Simon crawls out of the way as the old man throws  open the door to the parking lot and screams at the retre delinquents...
12) 0) text: That evening. Simon sits with his evening beer and his new collection o soiled classics. He cracks open a volume of Shakespeare a tries to read. It's an obvious struggle. He puts it aside and lifts up Wordsworth, studying its cover and the textu of the pages. A page flutters away and he climbs down to edge of a greasy puddle to retrieve it. It's now wet and  torn, so he flattens it out on the concrete and tries to it back into the book. He reads a little, furrowing his brow, then drinks. He bi his lip and tries again. He sits back, exhausted and thinks. He hears a twig snap looks back over his shoulder to see... Amy throws a bottle at his head. Smash!!!! He falls to the ground, blood streaming down hi neck. Warren runs over and grabs him by the shirt, lifting him of the puddle and smacking him in the head. Amy runs forward and waits with a rolled-up newspaper whi she sets aflame with her lighter. Warren punches Simon in the stomach and throws him to the ground, then unzips his fly and pisses on him. Amy watches, giggling excitedly, waving the flaming torch Simon crawls away and grabs hold of an old section of fen while Warren zips up and grabs the fire from Amy. Simon pulls himself to his knees, rests his face against rusted fence and gasps for breath. Warren waves the flami torch in his face.
12) 2) text: Amy comes nearer with a can of gasoline. Simon pulls hims to his feet as she splashes him with fuel. Warren is wavi the torch deliriously above his head.
12) 4) text: Warren stops. Amy steps back and lowers the gas can. Simon turns with effort to face them, adjusts his glasses and continues...
12) 6) text: Warren watches him blankly, then is burned by the torch w is too hot to handle. He drops it. Amy giggles, then stops, excited, but confused. Simon grips the rusted chainlink so that it cuts into his hands and stares straight at Warren.
12) 8) text: Warren is transfixed. He shivers and looks at Amy, who st back, scared, and puts down the gas can. She turns and wa away. Warren looks back at Simon, troubled. He hangs there still, glaring at him. Further away, Warren rejoins Amy and stares at his hands. Amy looks ill.
12) 9) dialog: Fuck.
18) 0) text: Next morning. A thirty-year-old cocktail waitress named Vicky walks up stops when she sees... Warren, sitting back against the side of World of Donuts, smoking a joint and thinking about his future. She sighs and approaches.
18) 2) dialog: Bug off, Vicky!
18) 4) dialog: (reading) 'Saving America From Itself.' What  the fuck is this?
18) 7) dialog: Oh yeah, like what?
18) 9) text: Warren looks over the flyer, then reconsiders Vicky.
18) 10) dialog: What time's your kid go off to school?
18) 12) dialog: How about I come over and visit you  later?
18) 15) text: Warren gets up, too.
18) 16) dialog: Come on. I mean it. I'm trying to  change.
25) 0) text: Same time. Simon sits back from his writing and rubs his neck. Putti down his pencil, he looks up and sees... Warren enter the store and grab a beer from the cooler. S Simon, he waves and approaches.
25) 1) dialog: Hey, Simon, you a registered voter?
25) 2) text: Simon hesitates, but then nods uncertainly. Warren hands a flyer. This year when you go to the polls, I want you t consider Congressman Owen Feer. He wants to restore Ameri to its position of unmatched wealth, power and opportunit to revitalize American civilization and lead the human ra to even greater levels of freedom, prosperity and securit He's a good man. He steps over to the register and pays for his beer. Mr D glares at him, distrustfully. Warren stops on his way out and snarls at the old man...
25) 3) dialog: Immigrant.
36) 0) text: Warren is stopping people on their way in and out of Worl of Donuts.
36) 1) dialog: Excuse me, miss, are you a registered  voter?
36) 3) dialog: Well, I'd like to give you some  information about Congressman Owen  Feer. This man is gunna make a big  difference in the lives of every  American in the years to come...
36) 6) dialog: Pardon me, sir...
36) 8) dialog: Right.
36) 9) text: Warren stands back and loosens his tie. He looks over at  Pearl age seven, who is sitting outside the store.
36) 10) dialog: What time's your mother get off work?
36) 12) dialog: Fay, are you a registered voter?
36) 14) dialog: I'm watchin' her.
36) 17) dialog: I gotta regular job now and  everything.
36) 20) dialog: He's gunna be the next president of  the United States of America, Fay.
36) 22) dialog: I like him!
36) 24) dialog: (lighting her cigarette) He's a decent man. He takes  complicated issues and totally  simplifies them. And I appreciate  that.
36) 26) dialog: No. You know what the problem is  with this country, Fay? Me. I'm the  problem. We live in a culture of  poverty and crime, where the work  ethic is undermined and male  responsibility is made irrelevant.
36) 29) dialog: She gives you any trouble, Fay, you  just let me know.
38) 0) text: Moments later. Warren straightens his tie and looks over to see... Simon stagger up. Warren shakes his head in dismay and approaches. Simon  steadies himself against the wall of the building.
38) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ, Simon, you're letting  yourself go to hell! You read that  flyer I gave you?
38) 3) dialog: Simon, wake up and smell the coffee,  huh! It's up to guys like you and me  to help create a better tomorrow!
40) 1) dialog: (to Vicky) Why would I steal a computer from  the campaign office?
40) 4) dialog: (pointing) Don't judge me!
40) 13) dialog: Vicky, look I'm sorry.
70) 4) text: Warren comes in.
70) 5) dialog: Henry!
70) 7) text: Warren reaches for his wallet.
70) 8) dialog: Listen, Henry, I wanna remind you to  vote this Thursday.
70) 10) dialog: It's every American's right. A  blessing. Yet another opportunity to  save America from itself.
91) 0) text: Henry comes up the street with Pearl age seven on his bac He walks into Vicky's yard and finds Warren lifting weigh in the garage.
91) 2) dialog: He lost.
91) 4) text: Warren rests. He sits up on the bench and takes a toke of the joint he has waiting.
91) 5) dialog: Congressman Feer.
91) 7) dialog: What's the fucking use. You make  sacrifices. You try to be a decent  human being. Try to contribute  something meaningful to society. And  what happens? They lose to a bunch  of cultural elite liberal fuck-ups.  I don't give a shit anymore. People  deserve what they get.
91) 8) text: Henry pauses, then leads Pearl age seven towards the hous Warren lies back down and continues his lifting.
100) 0) text: A month later. Mr Deng and BuГ±uel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, in the church foyer. Once inside, he shakes them off and the stand back. He huffs and puffs and tosses the hair back o of his eyes. He paces back and forth like a caged animal, then stops, sees... Fay, at the altar, waiting with Simon. She is beautiful. Henry calms down, deeply affected. Fay smiles down the aisle at him. Henry throws back his shoulders, straightens his tie and  strides up the aisle. Also present at the ceremony are Vicky and Warren. Gnoc i maid of honor.
102) 6) text: Henry throws an arm around Warren, who stands looking dej in the doorway, and raises his glass to the happiness in room.
128) 0) text: Fay comes up looking for Ned and sees... Pearl, age fourteen, come out of Vicky's House. She is  fourteen years old now. Warren steps out the door and gra her by the arm. She shakes him off. He slaps her. She runs down the steps and glares back at him.
128) 1) dialog: (pointing at her) I'm warning you, Pearl!
132) 5) dialog: (off) Hey!
132) 6) text: Henry looks over and sees Warren stumble drunkenly out of the bathroom. What are you doing in my house?
132) 10) dialog: (shoves him) Yeah, who the hell do you think you  are, anyway?
132) 11) text: Henry falls back and looks at Vicky. She looks away. Henry looks at Warren, pauses, then gives him a sharp, ha shove. Warren stands back against the wall, pauses, then erupts  into viciousness. He grabs Henry and throws him violently down the hall, wh he hits the wall and collapses. As Henry gets to his knees, Warren kicks him in the ribs. Henry curls up and rolls out on to the kitchen floor. War kicks him in the side of the head. Vicky sits back down on the bed, covering her ears. Warren beats the hell out of Henry, kicking him in the fa and ribs whenever he manages to get up on his hands and k Henry crawls under the kitchen table for safety. Warren g his feet and drags him out. As he is dragged across the f Henry finds a screwdriver and grabs it. He rolls over on back as... Warren lunges down at him again and...
132) 12) dialog: Ah.
132) 13) text: Warren is stabbed in the heart. Henry can't believe it. Warren can't believe it. He stands there in the middle of the kitchen, amazed, with the screwdriver sticking out of his chest. Henry, semi-conscious and severely beaten, falls against back door and coughs up a few of his teeth. Vicky steps i the hall from her room and shudders. Warren sits at the table, stunned. He looks from the  screwdriver to Vicky, then...
132) 14) dialog: Fuck.