4) 8) dialog: Big Brother.
5) 4) dialog: Big Brother. He is always having ideas.
5) 11) dialog: Witch woman. Nobody is talking to her because every person is fearing her.
5) 27) dialog: I have a good family.
5) 33) dialog: My Father was   a teacher. But since war is making   it so we have no more school, he is   keeping busy.
6) 3) dialog: He and the Paramount Chief cut some of our land so that all of the refugees can be having a place to be staying. Mother is saying he is always doing good things.
7) 5) dialog: Mother. Before she was having children she was also being a teacher, but she is saying raising childrens is too too much work.
8) 5) dialog: My mother is always working hard for us and so I am thanking her by working hard too.
10) 3) dialog: Big Brother, he is more concerned with his muscles, and his skin. Sometimes I add to his products.
11) 5) dialog: Big Brother is also concerned with sleeping.
11) 8) dialog: I am not liking his music, and I am not like his dancing, and if he is playing it loud loud I do not know how this girl will be sleeping.
12) 3) dialog: I am going to church every Sunday with my family.
12) 8) dialog: Father is saying that Pastor is thinking he can be talking so much because he is having his Reverend Doctorate -- that is making him doctor of "talking."
13) 5) dialog: God is liking    music more than just talking so if    we are singing and dancing, then    He is listening to us well well.
15) 21) dialog: "-Buffer zone". That is why so many refugee are coming here small small. Many people are suffering but we are not, here we are safe.
19) 3) dialog: I am a good boy. But sometimes I am sleeping outside so I am not having to go inside and be getting a beating.
22) 15) dialog: Reverend Doctorate.
24) 89) dialog: And this is how it is starting.
25) 5) dialog: If I am closing my eye, I am seeing the rainy season and how in my village, they are saying it is always bringing change too fast. You can be finding that the whole world is washing away beneath your feets.
25) 11) dialog: You can be walking on road and finding that you are swimming in river. You can be starting day all dry and warm and then be finishing with your clothes like another skin on your body. Nothing is ever for sure and everything is always changing.
27) 3) dialog: I am not feeling my legs. It is like they are belonging to other
37) 5) dialog: A forest spirit.
39) 16) dialog: This is what death is feeling like.
39) 159) dialog: Mother, glory be to God in the Highest. I am still living... but I am soldier now.
42) 10) dialog: Botu botu botu.
48) 6) dialog: Mother, I am not knowing if I will ever be seeing you again. But Two-I- C is saying small small we are winning this war, and then, God willing, I can be finding you.
48) 9) dialog: They are calling him...
75) 3) dialog: Victory!
78) 6) dialog: It is Iroko. These other trees I am not knowing, but I am calling them children of the forest because they are smaller than the rest.
81) 61) dialog: I am almost laughing and almost dying, even though I am not feeling like laughing. Inside my stomach and heart it is feeling like fire from a pepper. I am only thinking about what is going to be happening.
81) 174) dialog: Mother, I have kill a man.
81) 177) dialog: It is the bad sin and I am feeling like I am dying inside, like each breath can be my last and my heart will stop its beating. But I am knowing, too, it is the right thing to be doing.
82) 30) dialog: Always be keeping it. If you are losing it, then they will be losing you.
93) 4) dialog: Strika. He is my only friend, Mother. His eye are too red, his teeth are too brown, his head is too too big, but he is my friend even if he is looking too ugly.
97) 5) dialog: My gun is making mark on my hand. I am servant to be doing whatever it says.
99) 3) dialog: God, help me to be doing the thing I am supposed to be doing.
108) 3) dialog: God, there is nothing to be keeping you from watching what we are doing.
112) 8) dialog: Maybe they are not seeing us because they are spirits. This is death's hometown.
114) 28) dialog: I am looking at him, and I am seeing he is not happy to be waiting.
114) 31) dialog: And I am seeing these people entering with more than they are having when they are leaving and I am wondering why they are leaving their things behind and if I should be telling them.
114) 34) dialog: And with every person that is coming, and every person that is going, I am seeing anger on Commandant's face grow.
121) 4) dialog: Imagination TV.
125) 4) dialog: His spirit is fighting to be let free from his body. (whispering to Two-I-C) It is hurting because you are thinking about it. If you are stopping to think about it, there is nothing to be feeling. The thinking is the hurting.
127) 15) dialog: It is like God is turning his gaze on Two-I-C.
128) 3) dialog: It is taking Two-I-C all day to be dying, and then he is dying when the moon is full and the night is shining like silver.
128) 8) dialog: The the only way not to be fighting anymore is to be dying.
129) 5) dialog: Mother. If this war is ever ending I am thinking, I cannot be going back to doing child thing.
129) 8) dialog: We are just wild animals now with no place to be going.
129) 17) dialog: Bullet is just eating everything, leaf, tree, ground, person -- eating them -- just making person to bleed everywhere... so much blood.
131) 3) dialog: I am wanting to say to Strika, I am tired too.
131) 6) dialog: I am tired, and so the words are not coming out of my mouth.
131) 11) dialog: I will be an old man before this war is over...
134) 3) dialog: Mother, your song is making my body to move and I am not having to think anymore, not about Strika, not about this war, not about any of the thing that are jumping into my head.
134) 17) dialog: I want to be going to that person who is singing and taking all of the sound so I can be keeping it in my pocket, to be having it for myself.
134) 20) dialog: I am wanting to lie down on the warm ground with my eye closed and the smell of mud in my nose, just like Strika.
134) 23) dialog: I am wanting to feel how the ground is wet all around my body so that if I am sweating, I am feeling like it is the ground sweating through me.
134) 26) dialog: And I am wanting to stay in this same place forever, never moving for anything, just waiting waiting until dust is piling on me and grasses is covering me and insect is making their home in the space between my teeths.
134) 29) dialog: One onina tree will be growing from my body, so wide that its trunk is separating night and day and so tall that its top leaf is tickling the moon until the man living there is smiling.
136) 3) dialog: Sun, why are you even thinking to shine on this world. I am wanting to catch you in my hand, to be squeezing until the color is dripping out from you forever. That way everywhere it is always dark and nobody is ever having to see any of the terrible thing that is happening in this world.
136) 12) dialog: In heaven, it is always morning.
137) 7) dialog: I am not knowing how long I am staying here, but I am staying here for a long time -- some week, some month -- I am not knowing. All I am knowing is how it is feeling here.
139) 3) dialog: Sometimes I am eating even if I am not hungrying too much because I am fearing that the food is finishing for the next day.
140) 3) dialog: I am liking the clothes is clean and dry and it is not having any hole from bullet or blood from the last person who is wearing it.
142) 6) dialog: I am not knowing all what he is meaning. The only thing that is making sense to me is memory that I am having of another boy -- Strika - - sleeping next to me, so close because we are the only people protecting each other from all of the thing trying to kill us.
144) 3) dialog: The only thing I am knowing is the sound of people coughing and screaming, and the smell of going to toilet and dead body. And the feeling of the brown brown and djamba in my blood.
148) 3) dialog: Confession and Forgiveness and resurrection.
153) 3) dialog: Amy. She is always looking at me like looking at me is going to be helping me.
153) 7) dialog: She thinks that my not speaking is because I can't be explaining myself like baby... but I am not like baby, I am like old man and she is like small girl because I am fighting in war and she is not even knowing what war is.