1) 0) text: TITLE: TONIGHT. A MAN stands, back to the setting sun, hi face cloaked in shadows -- until he turns thoughtfully, t light gradually revealing a weathered and soulful gaze. H SHERIFF EBEN OLESON, early 30s --
9) 0) text: Parties are over now, the streets quiet. STEAM still rise from the snow where Riis’s dogs died. JOHN RIIS, 40s, and wife ALLY, 30s, wiry and athletic, mourn with Eben.
9) 1) dialog: What sick jerk would DO this?
9) 5) dialog: I’ll kill them. I’11 kill them. 15 12.
11) 0) text: Eben follows Carter and Wilson through the pump house, wh Carter monitors the sewage system. His control panel is adorned with knickknacks and photos, especially a PHOTO o Carter with his WIFE AND FOUR KIDS. Eben examines it --
12) 0) text: Eben, Carter and Wilson stand before a HIGH-TORQUE, FOUR- SHREDDER, a device that can literally turn steel drums in confetti. This is the Muffin Monster, where all the pipes lead, disposing of Barrow’s garbage and sewage. The razor edged shafts spin steadily. Carter pulls up a trashcan --
20) 0) text: Ally calls to the next room, lighting candles for suppert
20) 1) dialog: Let’s have dinner, John -- please? It‘’ll take our minds off -- She sits, closes her eyes a moment, still hurt by the los her dogs. Then she opens her eyes, resolving to move ahea
21) 0) text: Hearing the SMASH, John takes his gun and runs to Ally --
22) 0) text: -- seeing Ally SCREAMING, PULLED OUT THROUGH THE WINDOW -
23) 3) dialog: But the creature easily drags her away -- Riis tries to h on, which pulls him underneath the house himself until he no longer maintain his grip -- As Ally vanishes in the dark, SCREAMING --
23) 4) dialog: 
37) 0) text: Denise punches buttons on her cellphone again and again; screen keeps reading “SEARCHING SYSTEM” -- until finally screen message changes to: “BATTERY EMPTY -- SHUTTING DOW Sighing as another hope slips away, she looks to Carter -
38) 0) text: The group absorbs the news with dread, mentally calculati
61) 0) text: Whiteout. Eben and his crew feel their way up the steps o the general store. Lucy practically sobs with relief as Carter helps her in. The doorway looms like a black hole snow collecting in the open threshold --
65) 0) text: Denise, Beau and Lucy collect cases of Ensure. Doug additionally stuffs his pockets with Oreos, grimly chuckl
72) 0) text: Light snowfall. Marlow, Iris and two other vampires HEAR SOUNDS EBEN’S CREATING -- they turn a corner to see Eben speeding away at the end of the next block -- 67. 115 EXT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 115 Light snowfall. A modest, unassuming home, its front wind broken. Eben, WHEEZING, caroms into the side yard and pus the generator button. Nothing. He pushes it again, again finally it STARTS WHIRRING TO LIFE --
83) 0) text: Beau’s attackers, on fire, throw themselves into the snow Marlow, waiting outside, looks on in disgust. At last Bea himself staggers out, GASPING IN PAIN, near dead, walking autopilot, a charred wreck of a man finally collapsing at the fallen sign for the ADMIRALTY BAY HOTEL -- * MARLOW SNARLS IN HIS INHUMAN TONGUE -- and lifts his boot above Beau’s head. OFF THE SOUND OF THE SICKENING CRUNCH INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 140 Eben returns and a relieved Stella hugs him for all he’s -- he’s too drained to respond except to mourn --
113) 2) text: Stella, where are you -- ? (waits, waits) Stella, we’re okay, come in -- Nothing but silence. He shudders with rage and helplessne Denise, Lucy and Jake are beyond tired; their lips are parched, eyes bloodshot, clothes hanging like dead skin. Denise walks down the corridor carrying a bottle of vodka box of chocolates and a jar of vitamins -- she presents t to the others with the quiet humor of the totally drained
137) 0) text: Eben pushes forward, knowing any moment might be his last Finally he’s nearly two yards away from Marlow -- and sud he reaches for Marlow, trying to grab at him with surpris speed. But Marlow BACKHANDS HIM INTO THE ICE -- Eben struggles to his feet, throws a fist at Marlow -- wh catches the fist and throws Eben back -- Eben lunges again for Marlow, knocking him down for a mom Then Marlow, SNARLING, HURLS HIMSELF at Eben, ripping at again and again, tearing his parka loose, battering his f and body mercilessly -- Eben desperately crawls, trying to get his feet under him Until Marlow pulls him by his hair and WHIPS him bitterly face up, against the ice -- Eben GASPS for breath, fighting to suck in some strength his mouth is bloody, and the blood makes the ice slicker they fight -- Zurial and the other vampires watch intently -- impressed Eben’s ability to survive against Marlow even this long - STELLA -- stops with Gail, seeing through the smoke that the crowd ahead, her husband is fighting for all their li MARLOW -- REACHES DOWN AND ENCIRCLES EBEN’S LEFT HAND IN
139) 0) text: Zurial and the other vampires look to the sky warily, ten at the knowledge that the night is almost gone -- realizi they face a decision -- Marlow circles Eben, gloating in triumph -- 96. Eben summons up his strength and butts his head into Marl knocking him onto the ice -- Insulted, Marlow SPITS FERALLY and regains his haunches, a wolf who will not give up his prey -- Eben wobbles for a moment on the ice, but determines to k the momentum on his side. With brutal drive he bolts towa Marlow, his left arm hanging limply with its fingers now broken, ready to strike another blow -- AT THE PUMP HOUSE DOOR -- Jake, Denise and Lucy watch in dread, helpless if Eben fails -- ON THE ICE -- the permafrost CRACKS as Marlow dodges Eben WHACKS him into the unforgiving ground again and again. I a savage onslaught that makes Eben’s very skull seem to S from the impact -- Eben knows he needs a moment to recoup -- he tries to cra away to gain a breather -- But Marlow drags him back mercilessly as the smoke whirls around them, Eben’s face lacerating against the ice -- Then he grabs Eben’s throat with one hand, lifting him up the frozen ground with a sadistic smile -- Marlow hurls Eben to the ground -- KICKS HIS FACE VICIOUS and then towers over Eben -- FROM THE TOWN -- a handful of tattered, drained survivors driven north by the smoke and fire, emerge to watch in aw struggling to understand what is happening -- the gaunt veterans of thirty days of night, mute witnesses to this battle that will decide their fates, JOINING A TRANSFIXED