10) 0) text: THE UTILIDOR SEWAGE PLANT sits on the edge of town: a PUM HOUSE and TWO TOWERING STORAGE TANKS. From the pump house comes CARTER DAVIES, 50s, Santa Claus build, in a Tourism Bureau T-shirt depicting a license plate reading “ALASKA B4UDIE.” He calls to the burly JAYKO TWINS, PAUL AND XAVI (both 36), cleaning a large SEWAGE PIPE some distance awa
10) 1) dialog: Guys, you can’t get that pipe fixed tonight. Seal it off from the town and come back tomorrow -- The twins nod and seal off the pipe; Eben walks from his
11) 0) text: Eben follows Carter and Wilson through the pump house, wh Carter monitors the sewage system. His control panel is adorned with knickknacks and photos, especially a PHOTO o Carter with his WIFE AND FOUR KIDS. Eben examines it --
11) 2) dialog: (shrugs diffidently) They’11 come when they’re ready, I guess -- 18 19 14.
11) 4) dialog: So I’ve found all kindsa garbage here over the years. Blue jeans, bikes. Sometimes I can yank ‘em out before the Muffin Monster chews ‘em to shit --
11) 6) dialog: My little nickname for it --
12) 0) text: Eben, Carter and Wilson stand before a HIGH-TORQUE, FOUR- SHREDDER, a device that can literally turn steel drums in confetti. This is the Muffin Monster, where all the pipes lead, disposing of Barrow’s garbage and sewage. The razor edged shafts spin steadily. Carter pulls up a trashcan --
12) 1) dialog: Saw Wilson’s logo, pulled this stuff out before it got totally shredded -- Wilson angrily shows Eben a pile of chewed-up debris -- s belts, fragments of passenger seats, dashboard controls - couple of which bear the “POLAR TOURS” logo -- *
25) 5) dialog: How’s that possible?
25) 9) dialog: Reverend Pfeiffer, Malekai Hamm -- !
25) 16) dialog: There’s a generator at the Utilidor -- 33.
25) 21) dialog: Where’1l you be?
26) 0) text: Snowfall. Carter leads Denise, Doug, Lucy, Jake, the Bulo under a house, hissing as they creep forward --
26) 1) dialog: Too fast -- no sudden moves --
26) 3) dialog: You’1l be colder dead. AN ICICLE -- FORMED OF FROZEN BLOOD -- suddenly falls fro edge of a house and SMACKS to the ground -- everyone free losing a day of life. Then they press on --
35) 0) text: Warm with the amber glow from the propane heater, Stella Eben huddle with the survivors reeling with shock -- Deni Doug, Beau, Carter, Lucy, Jake, Wilson and Isaac.
37) 0) text: Denise punches buttons on her cellphone again and again; screen keeps reading “SEARCHING SYSTEM” -- until finally screen message changes to: “BATTERY EMPTY -- SHUTTING DOW Sighing as another hope slips away, she looks to Carter -
37) 2) dialog: Larry Cooper had one, but he moved to Dillingham. Even if we could radio somebody, they can’t get to us -- Eben tears a peephole in a window they’ve covered in tarp Stella takes a look outside. Nothing. Eben looks out himself, thinking for a moment to himself, his thoughts v before he realizes it -- 61 62 41.
40) 0) text: Doug and Wilson share a can of beets. Eben changes the propane canister. Stella, Lucy, Carter and Isaac sleep -- until they’re awakened by Kirsten’s pained voice echoing the attic --
42) 0) text: Stella and Carter join Eben, watching in horror --
42) 1) dialog: We need to bring her in before they find her -- He turns to go for Kirsten, until Eben holds him --
42) 7) dialog: So we can’t do anything? Doug questions Eben silently. Carter picks up Doug’s gaze his own glance to Eben carries the implicit challenge -- guys like Doug around, you can’t be helpless while the to at stake. Eben heeds Carter’s advice, decides --
58) 4) dialog: And how do we get into the Utilidor? It’s locked tight -- hell if I know where my keys are -- Eben and Stella trade looks -- wheels turning --
58) 6) dialog: (thinking it through) It’s shut off from the rest of the town. It’1ll lead straight underground and inside.
59) 0) text: Whiteout. HOWLING WIND. Scarved and masked, Eben carries axe as he leads the survivors step by step through the bi snow, as SCREECHES ECHO DISTANTLY around them. Lucy stumb Carter helps her as they fight to clear their vision. Thr the chaos, we hear Eben’s BREATH, SHALLOW AND TENSE --
61) 0) text: Whiteout. Eben and his crew feel their way up the steps o the general store. Lucy practically sobs with relief as Carter helps her in. The doorway looms like a black hole snow collecting in the open threshold --
64) 0) text: Eben pulls three bear traps, tucks them under one arm, th reaches for axes. Down the aisle, Stella and Carter bundl more propane canisters and batteries --
67) 14) dialog: It pulled Tom’s head off before it attacked us --
70) 3) dialog: Could we make it back to your station if somebody created a diversion? 64. Eben studies his old friend, hearing how Carter’s offerin himself for that role --
70) 12) dialog: (overlapping) We’ve got all kinds of wattage at the Utilidor and they still came and ate Xavier Jayko --
75) 0) text: Stella’s party hustles ahead -- Beau in the lead, Denise, and a bundled-up Carter behind him, followed by Jake and Stella. Doug, in the rear, stumbles in a snowdrift, his s of food spilling everywhere. As he scrabbles in the snow quickly to retrieve it all -- 122 123 124 125 68. WHOOOOM -- there is a flash of black -- a vampire drops f the rooftops onto Doug -- He lashes at Doug’s neck, KEENING to call allies as Stell party disappears around a corner ahead -- Stella turns at the KEENING of the vampire, the GURGLING SCREAMS from DOUG -- but Carter pulls her onward. In a co sweat, she knows she must keep the others moving -- EXT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 122 The survivors haul inside -- faint lights flickering as t jenny fights on. Beau covers them at the door with his shotgun as Stella copes with her fear for Eben -- INT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 123 Eben’s primed for the attack -- but still it’s a shock wh the vampires BREAK DOWN THE DOOR after Eben. He sucks in the breath he can, and aims the sunlamp at them -- IRIS SIZZLES -- her skin charring as she KEENS IN PAIN an staggers away -- Eben holds fast -- this rare victory overwhelming him wit relief, even as his eyes widen in awe at this uncanny sig Marlow pulls Iris away, but LOCKS EYES with Eben for one moment -- nobody has ever destroyed one of his toys. He w not forget Eben -- Marlow backs away with the dying Iris before he can be hi with the next blast of UV light -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 124 Jake looks soberly at the floor, where shreds of Helen’s and the Stranger’s clothes lie amid BLOODSTAINS. Stella k the lights, fires up the WALKIE-TALKIE --
83) 6) dialog: Soon there’1l be just five. * Carter pulls back his hood and shows them his DEAD-BLACK The others tense in fear, watching Carter sweating and * trembling like a malaria victim -- as Eben and Stella ste themselves to fight Carter if they have to -- 73. CARTER (cont'd) -- the girl in the store. I changed -- -- so thirsty now -- what do you think, do those things live forever? Eben lifts his axe warily --
83) 8) dialog: Couldn’t tell you -- that photo’s all I’ve got left of my family -- Martha took the kids to visit her mom, they were hit by a drunk driver -- (fighting back tears) I wanted to join them so much -- couldn’t bring myself to do it -- but I know they’re waiting for me -- (bitterly) I can’t live forever. Don’t let me --