8) 0) text: Three oil workers, 20s, wobble past the PIPELINE. AARON ( half-empty Jack Daniels) and GABE eye DENISE hopefully; w she’s no starlet, to them she’s Catherine Zeta-Jones --
8) 1) dialog: Look, my landlady doesn’t want pipeline workers keepin’ her up --
8) 5) dialog: (playfully) Neither of you are getting me alone --
8) 9) dialog: (laughing) I may throw up.
24) 0) text: Aaron and Gabe face off as Denise watches, laughing --
24) 2) dialog: C'mon, let’s DO this and get moving -- The guys wind up -- one, two -- Aaron produces a rock, Ga flashes his fingers open like a little explosion --
24) 4) dialog: Talk about desperate --
24) 8) dialog: Gabe -- ?!! Aaron stares for a moment in sheer shock -- Denise, frightened, backs away a couple of steps --
25) 0) text: Warmed and lit by a generator, a gathering place for refu Denise breaks open the doors, breathless from fleeing --
25) 1) dialog: What ARE they? Wilson Bulosan, in a booth with his father ISAAC, 70s, sh his head simply as he looks to a panicking Doug Hertz --
25) 7) dialog: They took Aaron and Gabe; they’re strong guys -- Jake RASPS from a corner, huddling, a poster child for PT
25) 12) dialog: Who the hell are these people, Eben?
25) 18) dialog: Charlie Kelso’s attic. There’s a pull- down ladder, you can’t tell it’s there, it’d be tight but we could fit.
26) 0) text: Snowfall. Carter leads Denise, Doug, Lucy, Jake, the Bulo under a house, hissing as they creep forward --
35) 2) dialog: (a beat) Does it matter?
35) 4) dialog: Um. Charlie hid me here once. When his wife came home early from work. The others nod, unwilling to judge. Jake frowns, a little confused. Stella finally settles the matter --
35) 20) dialog: There won’t be any help for a month.
37) 0) text: Denise punches buttons on her cellphone again and again; screen keeps reading “SEARCHING SYSTEM” -- until finally screen message changes to: “BATTERY EMPTY -- SHUTTING DOW Sighing as another hope slips away, she looks to Carter -
37) 1) dialog: Does anybody in town have, like, a ham radio or something?
48) 3) dialog: (a helpless laugh) Yeah, that’s all.
62) 0) text: Stella runs her flashlight over the store as Eben’s ready swing his axe -- all appears clear. The survivors pull plastic trashbags from their parkas, as Eben looks first Beau, Lucy, Denise and Doug --
65) 0) text: Denise, Beau and Lucy collect cases of Ensure. Doug additionally stuffs his pockets with Oreos, grimly chuckl
65) 2) dialog: She’1l cut you slack. As they wad their trashbags full of emergency nutrition, hear a quiet SOBBING coming from the back. The four of th exchange looks, and warily walk toward --
66) 1) dialog: It’s Tommy Melanson -- (to the girl) Oh, honey, you need to come with -- The girl turns and looks at them. Her mouth is covered in blood, and we see now that it’s Tom Melanson who’s doing sobbing -- the girl is a vampire --
67) 0) text: Denise hisses in a panic toward Eben and Stella --
67) 1) dialog: In the back -- !! Beau’s tossed violently back into the store like a toy, t shovel clattering uselessly behind him. Eben drops his beartraps, brandishes an axe, ready to swing -- But the little girl careens out of the storage room like dervish, presenting a smaller target than Eben expected - swings over her head and she knocks him down -- The little girl’s about to pounce on Eben when Stella gra her from behind and THROWS HER AWAY DOWN THE AISLE -- Doug pulls Denise toward the front, as Carter reaches for can of MACE and sprays it into the little girl’s face -- IT SHRIEKS and only lunges for Carter all the harder, rip off his cap and baring her fangs -- But now Eben’s back -- he charges the girl and fights to her against the wall -- she kicks and spits like a snake Eben looks for help -- Beau and Stella join him to pin th girl as she nearly wriggles from their grip -- they can’t her long --
67) 12) dialog: She spoke to us. In English. Was she some girl they just turned -- or one of them? Does anybody recognize her?
70) 9) dialog: (desperate humor) All right, Helen!
75) 0) text: Stella’s party hustles ahead -- Beau in the lead, Denise, and a bundled-up Carter behind him, followed by Jake and Stella. Doug, in the rear, stumbles in a snowdrift, his s of food spilling everywhere. As he scrabbles in the snow quickly to retrieve it all -- 122 123 124 125 68. WHOOOOM -- there is a flash of black -- a vampire drops f the rooftops onto Doug -- He lashes at Doug’s neck, KEENING to call allies as Stell party disappears around a corner ahead -- Stella turns at the KEENING of the vampire, the GURGLING SCREAMS from DOUG -- but Carter pulls her onward. In a co sweat, she knows she must keep the others moving -- EXT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 122 The survivors haul inside -- faint lights flickering as t jenny fights on. Beau covers them at the door with his shotgun as Stella copes with her fear for Eben -- INT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 123 Eben’s primed for the attack -- but still it’s a shock wh the vampires BREAK DOWN THE DOOR after Eben. He sucks in the breath he can, and aims the sunlamp at them -- IRIS SIZZLES -- her skin charring as she KEENS IN PAIN an staggers away -- Eben holds fast -- this rare victory overwhelming him wit relief, even as his eyes widen in awe at this uncanny sig Marlow pulls Iris away, but LOCKS EYES with Eben for one moment -- nobody has ever destroyed one of his toys. He w not forget Eben -- Marlow backs away with the dying Iris before he can be hi with the next blast of UV light -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 124 Jake looks soberly at the floor, where shreds of Helen’s and the Stranger’s clothes lie amid BLOODSTAINS. Stella k the lights, fires up the WALKIE-TALKIE --
75) 7) dialog: (hushed, despite herself) He’s toast -- Forget about their quarrels -- Stella slowly dies inside the knowledge that she’s losing Eben -- Beau’s struck by Stella’s pain -- moved despite himself - grabs the walkie-talkie from Stella, CLICKING IT ON --
85) 5) dialog: What kind of shape can he be in?
103) 0) text: Inside the mouth of a sewage pipe, Eben edges forward. A WHIRRING MECHANICAL NOISE ECHOES through the pipe, shadow trace their way across him as he moves, CREAKS JUMP UP fr here and there -- does he dare to take another step? What other choice does he have? He creeps ahead another step -- holding his breath as the CREAKS -- he’s nearly made it to sanctuary when he sees t SOURCE OF THE HUMMING. The whirling, razor-edged shafts o the colossal shredder are almost beneath him, he’1l have jump over them to safety. He leaps forward -- And as soon as he lands, without warning, Lucy, Jake and Denise emerge from hiding, ready to shove him into the bl Jake pulls them back just in time --
103) 2) dialog: We nearly killed you -- ! Eben hugs Jake closely, looks at the three of them -- las survivors at the Alamo. All are pale, desperately needing shower and about a week of sleep -- looking as desperate the vampires.
108) 0) text: Arvin feeds on a twitching, still living Billy -- Eben tears in, brandishing his axe -- he takes a crushing swing at Arvin just as Arvin turns, and the axe embeds it in Arvin’s arm -- Lucy SCREAMS as Arvin hurls the axe away and then dives t Eben, seething in pain and anger, and turns on Denise -- Lucy, Denise and Jake grab Arvin’s arms and try to haul h back toward the Muffin Monster -- but Arvin shrugs them o easily -- Until Eben, using the distraction, HURTLES himself square into Arvin -- KNOCKING ARVIN TOWARD THE WHIRLING SHAFTS O
112) 0) text: Eben lifts up his axe and ruefully wipes away Billy’s blo when the survivors hear the POUNDING ECHOING from above. Denise, Jake and Lucy work to resist panic, shivering and looking to Eben for any small hope. Without Stella at his side, he gives them as much as he can give --
113) 2) text: Stella, where are you -- ? (waits, waits) Stella, we’re okay, come in -- Nothing but silence. He shudders with rage and helplessne Denise, Lucy and Jake are beyond tired; their lips are parched, eyes bloodshot, clothes hanging like dead skin. Denise walks down the corridor carrying a bottle of vodka box of chocolates and a jar of vitamins -- she presents t to the others with the quiet humor of the totally drained
113) 3) dialog: Found these behind the first aid kit: three of the four basic food groups. Let’s mark the occasion. One day till sunrise.
113) 5) dialog: (uncorking it) Nobody’s too young in this town. Lucy nibbles on a chocolate, her fears welling up again -
115) 4) dialog: (eyes widening) Too many of them -- they’d kill us way before we'd reach her -- EXT. STREETS - NIGHT - EBEN’S POV From the height of the storage tank, the desolate town i. 87. 185 her -- than the 186 s laid bare under the stars. On the main drag, some five blocks from the Utilidor, an abandoned Chevy waits in the snow
121) 0) text: Denise stares out the window --
121) 1) dialog: The streets are filling up with something black -- Eben pushes past her, squinting into the distance, paling
123) 2) dialog: Everything we’ve built. Nobody’1l know what happened. They’1l think it was some horrible accident.
129) 6) dialog: It’s someone else’s blood -- -- are you crazy -- ? *
129) 15) dialog: -- he’s one of them -- * Eben’s lips pull back in a rictus of pain -- his gums hav started to recede, making his teeth look unsettlingly fer
129) 17) dialog: (reluctant fear) Maybe we should stop him now --
132) 0) text: A pallid Eben, his voice now DEATHLY HOARSE, looks up to Gail, Lucy and Denise --
132) 2) dialog: You can’t beat them all, Eben -- * Eben knows it. Jake reads Eben’s plan in his eyes -- *
139) 0) text: Zurial and the other vampires look to the sky warily, ten at the knowledge that the night is almost gone -- realizi they face a decision -- Marlow circles Eben, gloating in triumph -- 96. Eben summons up his strength and butts his head into Marl knocking him onto the ice -- Insulted, Marlow SPITS FERALLY and regains his haunches, a wolf who will not give up his prey -- Eben wobbles for a moment on the ice, but determines to k the momentum on his side. With brutal drive he bolts towa Marlow, his left arm hanging limply with its fingers now broken, ready to strike another blow -- AT THE PUMP HOUSE DOOR -- Jake, Denise and Lucy watch in dread, helpless if Eben fails -- ON THE ICE -- the permafrost CRACKS as Marlow dodges Eben WHACKS him into the unforgiving ground again and again. I a savage onslaught that makes Eben’s very skull seem to S from the impact -- Eben knows he needs a moment to recoup -- he tries to cra away to gain a breather -- But Marlow drags him back mercilessly as the smoke whirls around them, Eben’s face lacerating against the ice -- Then he grabs Eben’s throat with one hand, lifting him up the frozen ground with a sadistic smile -- Marlow hurls Eben to the ground -- KICKS HIS FACE VICIOUS and then towers over Eben -- FROM THE TOWN -- a handful of tattered, drained survivors driven north by the smoke and fire, emerge to watch in aw struggling to understand what is happening -- the gaunt veterans of thirty days of night, mute witnesses to this battle that will decide their fates, JOINING A TRANSFIXED
141) 0) text: Eben nods; he understands full well what’s coming with th dawn. Stella holds onto Gail and Jake for balance, weak a she realizes the full extent of Eben’s transformation -- Denise turns to the survivors --
141) 1) dialog: The firehouse -- let’s start the hydrants, see what we can save -- Lucy and Jake join the other Barrowites, moving to recapt their town. Stella rises from Gail’s side to caress Eben’ cheek, her face wet with tears --