1) 0) text: TITLE: TONIGHT. A MAN stands, back to the setting sun, hi face cloaked in shadows -- until he turns thoughtfully, t light gradually revealing a weathered and soulful gaze. H SHERIFF EBEN OLESON, early 30s --
1) 1) dialog: Strange. He faces BILLY KITKA, earnest, 40s, wearing a deputy’s ba and shining a flashlight into a snowbank west of Barrow -
1) 4) dialog: Stealing satellite phones’d make sense, you could hock them, maybe run up charges on someone’s account. But burning them? +e
1) 8) dialog: There’d be a message. “Fuck you” to their parents or the world or whoever. Eben walks up toward the summit, thoughtfully -- EBEN (cont'd) Best place to solve this is the Diner, Billy. Get people talking, they’1l gossip and figure it out for us. Billy watches as Eben keeps hiking toward the crest --
2) 0) text: The last golden arc of the sun gleams, silhouetting Eben, Billy comes to join him.
2) 2) dialog: We all did. Not Peggy, I mean, just --
2) 4) dialog: Yeah, I only -- (a beat) Last sunset for a month, some years it’s easier to take, y’know? Eben turns, not ready to say more, and Billy knows better to ask. Shoving his feelings down deep, Eben hikes back toward the 4x4 waiting at the bottom of the slope --
3) 1) text: “WELCOME TO BARROW, ALASKA -- TOP OF THE WORLD! POPULATIO 563 -- WARNING! DANGER! POLAR BEARS!” Billy jumps from the 4x4 to the “WELCOME TO BARROW” sign, pulling out some metal tags. Eben calls from the car --
3) 2) dialog: Nobody’s gonna see that sign for the next thirty days --
4) 0) text: Elongating shadows from the fleeting amber daylight. The residential side of Barrow. Homes are built on stilts to avoid the stresses of ice and critters in their foundatio All the homes have crawlspaces underneath, of varying siz FOUR HUSKIES ARE BARKING from behind the fence of the RII residence -- sled dogs deeply unhappy about something -- A SHADOW passes across the screen -- the dogs follow the shadow angrily -- until suddenly there is a GLEAMING FLAS HISS OF A BLADE -- the SICKENING SLICE OF A KNIFE INTO FL and the barks are replaced by horrifying WHINES OF PAIN. EXT. BARROW CITY LIMITS/EBEN’S 4X4 - DUSK 5A At the edge of town, Eben and Billy pull over beside a HU SNOWPLOW swerved crookedly onto the shoulder. The back is covered with a tarp; a stream of oil drips from the truck Working under the open hood is BEAU BROWER, late 50s, thi bearded, an ox of a man with the social skills to match.
4) 1) dialog: Little problem?
4) 3) dialog: This for generators?
4) 5) dialog: I can’t have it leaking all over the roads, Beau. I’1l have to cite you for that. He pulls out a citation book, scribbles away as Beau rant
4) 7) dialog: Happy motoring.
4) 10) dialog: He lives all by himself in that cabin on the south ridge, y'know? A little citation now and then reminds Beau he’s part of this town.
4) 12) dialog: About what?
4) 16) dialog: Roger, Helen --
7) 14) dialog: It’s me. Billy can tell who it is from Eben’s tone, lingers in the door of the 4x4 to eavesdrop, until Eben shoos him off --
7) 20) dialog: Wait -- what? You're in town -- ? And you didn’t want to talk -- ?
7) 22) dialog: HEY, BILLY! Stella’s at Ransom and 355, can you get her to a plane? Billy signals thumbs up, hikes off quickly, as Eben calml gets back on the cell -- EBEN (cont'd) Listen, John Riis needs my help with something, so Billy’s on his way. You let me know if a day comes when you DO wanna talk. EXT. BARROW CITY LIMITS - DUSK - SOME MOMENTS LATER 7c Stella examines the damage to her rental car -- not pleas She checks her watch. Even less pleased. Where is Billy? Malekai whines a bit ON HIS CELLPHONE --
8) 7) dialog: Hey, Aaron -- you know there’s no drinking till the sun’s back up. They shift, embarrassed to be busted, as Gabe takes the b from Aaron and hands it to Eben --
8) 10) dialog: I won’t write you guys up tonight -- just don’t give me another reason till New Year’s, okay?
9) 0) text: Parties are over now, the streets quiet. STEAM still rise from the snow where Riis’s dogs died. JOHN RIIS, 40s, and wife ALLY, 30s, wiry and athletic, mourn with Eben.
9) 3) dialog: Fight with anybody lately, John?
9) 6) dialog: (examining the scene) This wasn’t done long enough ago that you could get to the airport after. Whoever did this -- is still in town. OFF Eben, troubled -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 15 JAKE, 15, plays Risk against himself, moving from one sid the board to the other. Bright, pale, he’s like the love child of David Byrne and Elvis Costello. As he plays --
9) 11) dialog: “The Classic Game of Global Domination.” I’m a little jammed today -- Helen hands Eben some reports --
9) 13) dialog: Damn. What the hell’s goin’ on? He heads out with a nod to Jake, instructions for Helen - EBEN (cont'd) Call Point Hope and Wainwright, see if they’re having any troubles --
10) 2) dialog: Lord, Carter. It’s gotta be ten below. WILSON BULOSAN joins Carter in the doorway, his down vest reading “POLAR TOURS.” Filipino, early 30s, normally gregarious but now troubled, he gestures inside --
11) 0) text: Eben follows Carter and Wilson through the pump house, wh Carter monitors the sewage system. His control panel is adorned with knickknacks and photos, especially a PHOTO o Carter with his WIFE AND FOUR KIDS. Eben examines it --
11) 1) dialog: Can’t your wife send you a sweater or two? And bring the whole tribe back here while she’s at it.
11) 3) dialog: (gentle advice) * A family oughta be together, Carter -- * Carter nods in quiet resignation, acknowledging his frien changing the subject -- *
12) 0) text: Eben, Carter and Wilson stand before a HIGH-TORQUE, FOUR- SHREDDER, a device that can literally turn steel drums in confetti. This is the Muffin Monster, where all the pipes lead, disposing of Barrow’s garbage and sewage. The razor edged shafts spin steadily. Carter pulls up a trashcan --
12) 2) dialog: You keep your copter under lock and key, don’t you, Wilson?
12) 4) dialog: (examines the damage) Could you fix it up if you needed to? 20 21 22 15.
17) 6) dialog: That’s enough, pal. Leave the woman be, time to hit the road. The Stranger rises, out to intimidate -- he’s a bit talle than Eben, but Eben stands his ground without a flinch --
17) 8) dialog: If you refuse to leave, I’1ll escort you out of here myself.
17) 11) dialog: Fire marshal’s office lets you carry that? Stella's also different being around Eben, but she knows best defense is a good offense --
17) 13) dialog: My deputy could’ve helped me here --
17) 15) dialog: Missed your plane? That sucks. Where are you gonna stay?
17) 17) dialog: (that sucks, too) Well. Talk to you sometime, I guess. It’s awkward, and luckily for Eben, he’s got work to do. Stella shoots a look at Billy that maybe she’1ll leave hi here, then looks to Eben as he leads the cuffed Stranger
17) 19) dialog: -- suddenly there’s more vandalism here than in the last three years -- Silence. Finally --
17) 21) dialog: Hell of a day.
17) 23) dialog: You don’t work at the refinery. You'd have been seen flying in. When’d you get here? (off his silence) We’ve got all night -- The Stranger smirks, raising an eyebrow: do they? Suddenl Helen bangs at her monitor --
17) 25) dialog: I’1l call Gus -- (lifting the phone) Phone’s dead, too. Eben SLAMS the receiver down in frustration as the Strang
17) 30) dialog: We’ve got better things to worry about. I’11 check on Gus.
17) 32) dialog: Who are “they?” The Stranger stares steadily at Eben, not giving an inch. Jake tries to focus on his game. BEHIND HIM, THROUGH THE WINDOW, A DEAD-WHITE FACE APPEARS FOR A FLASH. THEN IT’S GONE, just as Jake turns, sensing it -- LIGHTS BLACK OUT -- throwing the room into darkness. The Stranger WHISPERS again, surer and surer of himself --
17) 38) dialog: Take a flash -- here --
17) 40) dialog: What the hell is this? 30 21.
17) 43) dialog: Now I get why you moved into Helen’s spare room --
17) 45) dialog: Yeah, that’s worked out real well. I’m heading for the cell tower.
17) 48) dialog: Helen, as soon as the lines are up, get Billy over here. Stay on the walkie-talkie with me till the power’s back -- Helen nods, as the Stranger grins in expectation --
18) 0) text: Snowfall. Eben emerges warily from the 4x4, flashlight an pistol ready. He rounds a corner and stops, pale -- The chain-link fence is down, twisted and bent in the sno Eben pulls his weapon, tensing --
18) 5) dialog: 
18) 9) text: Roger, Eben. What happened there?
18) 10) dialog: (mind racing) We’re being cut off. EXT. STREETS/EBEN’S 4X4 - NIGHT 31 Snowfall. As he drives, Eben’s voice BLASTS OVER A SPEAKE
18) 11) dialog: -- Sheriff Eben Oleson! This is not a drill! Stay in your homes! Lock your doors! Load your firearms! I repeat, Barrow is under curfew -- ! He slows as the 4x4 is approached by a small clutch of wo residents -- the Jayko twins and the ROBBINS FAMILY -- FR MICHELLE, teenage LARRY and seven-year-old GAIL. Eben rol down his window, working for a voice of solid and calm authority even as his own pulse is racing -- EBEN (cont'd) Frank, Michelle, you got your generator running? (off their nod) (MORE )
19) 1) dialog: 
19) 2) dialog: Lock your doors! Load your firearms -- EBEN’S VOICE FADES AWAY, lights FLICKER TO LIFE as John p out his shotgun --
24) 26) dialog: Do you need to go home? Take Jake with you?
24) 30) dialog: (searching for the words) Someone -- took him apart. (nods toward the Stranger) The same day this loon shows up. Eben checks the magazine in his pistol, as Stella paces restlessly, ready for action -- EBEN (cont'd) If everyone followed curfew, his friends won’t have many places to hide. I’11 find Billy, then work our way from South Street toward the pipeline --
24) 32) dialog: (thanks, but --) I can handle it.
24) 35) dialog: You drive, I’m riding shotgun. Stella swallows her temptation to talk back -- EXT./INT. STREETS/EBEN’S 4X4 - NIGHT 37 Snowfall. Stella drives through empty, dark streets, glan now and then at Eben, careful not to let him see her doin 38 28. When she focuses on the road, Eben glances back at her, a not giving any ground. But when he returns his gaze to th road, peering through the snow, he suddenly lifts his gun
24) 36) dialog: Stop the truck.
24) 38) dialog: 
24) 41) dialog: What?
24) 44) dialog: How many of them ARE there -- ? 39 40 29. WHOMP! Something HITS the roof of the 4x4. Stella swerves Eben reaches for his gun -- WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! The roof is POUNDED as MASSIVE DENTS appear above their heads. Eben’s window SHATTERS -- He reaches out and aims his pistol at the roof, FIRING -- Something TUMBLES OFF THE ROOF, a shadow visible to Stell her rearview mirror rolling away in the road behind them she floors it away -- *
24) 48) dialog: (fighting for calm) Where’s it coming from? WHERE’S IT
24) 50) text: Come in, Helen, take the keys, lock * yourself and Jake in a cell where nobody can -- Helen’s SCREAM INTERRUPTS, CRACKLING OVER THE WALKIE-TALK Eben looks to Stella in shock, doesn’t need to say a word she FLOORS IT, fishtailing the 4x4 for a moment before ge it under control and driving back to the station -- 41 42 30. INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 4l Weak lights from the generator. The door is blasted off i hinges; the windows are shattered and the furniture is to around. Eben and Stella move in, weapons drawn -- *
24) 51) dialog: No -- On the floor, Helen’s body is twisted and bloody -- acros room, her severed head looks over at them sadly. Eben lea back on a desk, short of breath staggered by the shock of losing his grandmother -- he fumbles for his inhaler and himself a BLAST --
24) 54) dialog: We’1l find out. EXT. STREETS/EBEN’S 4X4 - NIGHT 42 Snowfall. Stella drives them off into the barren streets their ALARM LIGHTS FLASHING, as -- DOWN THE STREET BEHIND THEM -- figures gather in a desola intersection, watching. When we can catch a glimpse of th through the shadows, they are gaunt, dead-pale, of varyin heights and ages from young to seasoned to ancient. Their breath does not cloud in the cold. They wear blacks, grey and browns, their clothing old and worn, most of it scave from the dead. Their eyes are ENTIRELY BLACK, diamond-har and shiny so that the snow sometimes reflects in them. Th walk like humans would -- if humans were nothing but musc and hunger and cruel cunning. Seventeen of them swarm around the alpha leader of the gr MARLOW. Mid 30s, feral, ragged, relentless. He cracks the frozen blood on his face, lets it fall as he HISSES in an ancient, glottal, unrecognizable language -- 43 31.
25) 11) dialog: Kill the lights -- Panicked, Lucy shuts off the lights. Eben walks to his brother, places a steadying hand on Jake’s shoulder as he looks around, does a tactical assessment of the diner -- EBEN (cont'd) Has anyone seen Billy -- ? (off the group’s silence) You can’t stay here. All the windows, the open space --
25) 14) dialog: We’ll figure that out after we get all of you someplace safe. Maybe the high school, or the clinic --
25) 17) dialog: (considers) If we’d headed there when this all started, we might’ve made it. But it’s way out on the edge of town; a group this size, we'd be spotted before we got there. We need someplace close to hide. Now. They rack their brains. Doug watches them anxiously, swea in hope that somebody has an answer --
25) 20) dialog: (this time HE’S right) Which is why it’s a good idea. We can pull down a board to get in, then tack it back -- Eben searches the room -- who’s the most stable, who does trust most right now? He settles on his friend Carter -- EBEN (cont'd) Carter, lead people close to the buildings, roll under crawlspaces if you hear anything. Go straight to Charlie’s attic till I get there.
25) 22) dialog: Loading up with all the flares and beartraps a 4x4 can carry. SOMETHING’s gotta slow ‘em down. Stella follows him toward the door -- their talk now priv
25) 24) dialog: (can’t resist it) Sure you won’t run away to Anchorage? 44 45 46 47 48 34.
27) 0) text: Snowfall. Eben and Stella recon, then hustle into their 4 INT. EBEN’S 4X4 - NIGHT 46 Snowfall. Stella reaches for the keys -- a moment of hesitation as they realize that sound may be their enemy well. THE ENGINE’s unsettlingly loud as Stella pulls away INT. EBEN’S 4X4 - NIGHT 47 Snowfall. They turn a corner and drive down Ransom Street when suddenly they’re JERKED FORWARD against the steering wheel -- the vehicle’s come to a dead halt.
28) 0) text: Snowfall. Beau turns a corner as Eben slams his door shut last -- but the creature is slowly, hungrily climbing tow the front of the vehicle --
28) 1) dialog: Thanks, Beau -- 50
29) 0) text: Snowfall. Eben WHEEZES, fighting for breath, but with the ROAR of the snowplow, Beau doesn’t notice --
29) 1) dialog: We’ve gotta ditch this thing, it just calls them!
29) 3) dialog: We know a place. Stop here -- !
31) 0) text: Snowfall. Eben leads Beau and Stella cautiously ahead, Be brandishing his shotgun -- their only weapon left. 52 53 54-56 57 37.
32) 0) text: Snowfall. Across the street from Kelso’s house, Eben chec for creatures, while Stella and Beau press up against the of a building --
32) 1) dialog: On three. He counts off one finger, two, then they run for it. As t carom through the snow, the Kelso house looks sooo far aw Stella gets there first, uses her car key to pry loose th board over the front door. As it swings loose, Eben and B move warily through the front door --
33) 0) text: Eben and Beau burst inside, breathless, as Stella pulls t board shut. They stand silently by the door, listening fo any trace of pursuers. Eben WHISPERS --
33) 1) dialog: We can’t try the attic just yet. We’ve gotta make sure we weren’t seen, we didn’t lead them here. They wait uneasily for a moment -- EBEN (cont'd) Quietly go through the house, see what we find --
34) 3) dialog: It’s hidden well -- He pulls at a moulding -- a ladder lowers into place. Coc the pistol, he places a foot on the rungs -- Carter’s face slowly edges into view -- shuddering with r as he sees it’s Eben down below --
35) 0) text: Warm with the amber glow from the propane heater, Stella Eben huddle with the survivors reeling with shock -- Deni Doug, Beau, Carter, Lucy, Jake, Wilson and Isaac.
35) 1) dialog: How did you know about this attic, Denise?
35) 3) dialog: I need the odds someone else could know about it, too.
35) 7) dialog: Maybe a week. Maybe a little longer.
35) 9) dialog: Then we find more.
35) 19) dialog: (agreeing) Just because they’re as stubborn as Beau doesn’t make them supernatural. Look, I don’t care what they are. I just care what we do about them.
35) 23) dialog: Look. We need rest. We’1ll sleep in shifts. Measure out food. Then figure out the next step. (a breath) We have two advantages. We know Barrow. Everything, where to hide, where to attack, where to find resources. And: we know cold -- The others look to Eben, wary but hopeful because they ne hope so much, and Eben finds a bit more of his stride -- EBEN (cont'd) -- we're Alaskans. We build towns where there’s nothing but ice. We live here for a reason. Because nobody else can. OFF Stella, struck by how Eben rises to the moment --
37) 3) dialog: If we had kids, this’d be worse. Stella stares at him quietly -- frustrated not as much by comment, as by why they fight at all. Before she can answ she’s interrupted by elderly Isaac, sitting up in confusi
38) 1) dialog: All right. It’1ll take them a few days to get through all the houses --
38) 3) dialog: When do you suggest we do that? When won’t they be out there hunting?
38) 6) dialog: Start a fight, the noise’ll get us killed a lot faster. You want that? Doug hears, sulking. Eben’s gaze sears the point home -- he drops Doug, takes a deep breath, looks to the others - EBEN (cont'd) The Utilidor’s the strongest building in town. Its generator’s underground, it won’t make any noise. We get there, we can last the month. But it’s so far, we can’t head there till another storm gives us cover. (looks outside) The next blizzard, we'll be ready.
40) 0) text: Doug and Wilson share a can of beets. Eben changes the propane canister. Stella, Lucy, Carter and Isaac sleep -- until they’re awakened by Kirsten’s pained voice echoing the attic --
42) 0) text: Stella and Carter join Eben, watching in horror --
42) 2) dialog: You think they haven't already? Carter blinks, confused. Eben points his gaze back outsid EBEN (cont'd) Watch -- CARTER’S POV -- Kirsten wanders past --
42) 5) dialog: Now look at the roofs behind her -- Carter’s POV shifts to the rooftops -- where SHADOWS STAL
42) 8) dialog: I’m heading out.
42) 10) dialog: The more of us go, the more chance we'll be seen. +e
42) 13) dialog: Protecting this attic is the first priority -- (aside to Stella, private) Stella, these folks need hope, you’re better at that -- Stella nods; she doesn’t like it, but he’s right. Eben reaches for the pistol -- and Beau hefts up his shotgun -
42) 15) dialog: I don’t want company.
42) 17) dialog: Beau, I’m Sheriff of this town, it’s my job to keep you all safe --
42) 22) dialog: Told you you’re better with people -- 45. Stella looks back evenly, not giving him any ground. Hold his breath, Eben quietly lowers the staircase and leaves. Once he’s gone, Stella corners Doug, taking no prisoners
44) 0) text: Eben hurries to flatten himself against an exterior wall the house, between supplies for Riis’s sled dogs. He work control his breath -- the sudden move threatening to set his asthma -- while in the distance he sees the two vampi searching, heading off. He may be safe for the moment -- until his BLOOD RUNS COLD AS HE HEARS:
44) 2) dialog: John, how long have you been out here?
44) 4) dialog: Where’s Ally -- ?
44) 6) dialog: Hang on, we'll get you to safety --
44) 8) dialog: I’1l pull you out -- just stay quiet -- Eben hauls Riis forward; Riis uses his left leg only to h propel himself. Eben tugs the gasping Riis to his feet, bracing him -- And in the moonlight, we can now see that RIIS’S SCAR HAS
45) 0) text: Eben charges through Riis’s backyard -- but one snowdrift deeper than he expects, and he loses his balance, reachin to the chains on a child’s swingset to right himself -- Riis lunges for Eben, the two tangled in the chains, unab escape each other. Reese’s jaws strain to reach Eben -- Eben pulls out his pistol, but Riis pries it from Eben’s grasp, dropping it so it disappears in the snow --
45) 1) dialog: What the hell happened to you -- ? Riis blinks his eyes; he truly doesn’t know what happened him. Eben searches about in panic, his BREATH GROWING RAS AND RASPIER, finally seeing --
46) 0) text: Stella and Beau meet a drained Eben sweeping his tracks. pull the board closed as Eben joins them inside with his
46) 1) dialog: -- lost my gun --
46) 3) dialog: -- think there’s close to twenty of them, but there might as well be two hundred -- they’re watching everywhere, don’t know what they’re planning -- (the worst revelation) -- and John became one of them. Stella and Beau try to absorb this -- it can’t be true --
46) 5) dialog: Nothing lives without a head. Stella watches Eben wrestling with what he’s done --
46) 7) dialog: I may have to again -- they can turn us into them --
46) 11) dialog: People deserve to know.
46) 14) dialog: (a beat) How do we not?
48) 6) dialog: They could be hiding and living on it themselves. There were 152 folks in town. Billy and his family, Paul Jayko, the Robbinses, Adam and Jeannie: we’re not the only ones left. The others look toward the outside, considering, as Eben them a crude map he’s drawn on the back of a traffic tick EBEN (cont'd) Look. Before too long there'll be a blizzard. And when it happens, we just need to walk. (indicating on the map) Each lot in town’s twenty-five feet wide. So the general store’s two hundred seventy-five feet east. The Utilidor’s seventy-five west, then due north as far as you can go. We can hit the store for food and then burrow down in the Utilidor. (as the others absorb it) We know this town. We can walk it blindfolded. We just have to wait for the weather we’ve lived with since we were born. The survivors stir with hope; even Doug takes a breath an finds a bit of patience. Stella turns privately toward Eb taking him aside --
48) 8) dialog: Don’t compliment me, you’1l just confuse me.
48) 11) dialog: (a beat) Not if I have to worry my wife’1l run away when we can’t work something out. They glare at each other in frustration -- not sure why e conversation between them has to end in a quarrel --
51) 0) text: The THUMP makes Eben’s eyes blink instantly awake --
51) 1) dialog: Stella -- ? He searches the room. Only Doug and Lucy are awake. Lucy points down the ladder. Eben bolts up, disoriented and alarmed, and reaches for his axe --
52) 0) text: Eben descends the ladder warily, axe ready -- only to fin Stella dazed on the floor where she fell --
52) 1) dialog: What the hell happened?
52) 3) dialog: How long has this ladder been down?
52) 5) dialog: And you let them go? Stella rubs her jaw; archly --
54) 0) text: Eben and Stella simmer, bitter with losing Wilson --
54) 1) dialog: You should’ve stopped him.
54) 3) dialog: Oh yeah? How hard? Part of you probably thought: of course he should look for his dad, right?
54) 5) dialog: Or he was just screwed because someone ran out on him. Eben and Stella stare each other down -- too angry to kno to work through this until -- AN EERIE SCRATCHING SUDDENLY FILLS THE ROOM ABOVE. Eben and Stella scramble upstairs and pull the ladder clo
55) 2) dialog: (hissed) Get down -- cover up -- ! Eben, Stella and Jake flatten against the wall by the peephole. The others dive under sleeping blankets -- figh to stay quiet and remain still --
55) 10) dialog: (between breaths) Useless -- threw it in the snow --
55) 14) dialog: (had enough of this) -- shut up, Doug --
55) 19) dialog: -- we need to move --
58) 0) text: Everyone is thinner, dirtier, drained. Eben faces them, energized for a plan, a plan not everyone trusts yet --
58) 1) dialog: -- the fastest of us head to the store for food and supplies -- then if the storm’s still holding out, we all go to the Utilidor.
58) 3) dialog: You can’t see a foot out there. So neither can they. The whiteout will cover our tracks -- if we leave now.
58) 5) dialog: That sewage pipe. The one the twins were fixing -- ?
58) 11) dialog: It hasn't been used in weeks. Be glad you'll be alive to smell it. And once we're out there -- NO STOPPING. There’s no fighting these things, we have to move move move --
59) 0) text: Whiteout. HOWLING WIND. Scarved and masked, Eben carries axe as he leads the survivors step by step through the bi snow, as SCREECHES ECHO DISTANTLY around them. Lucy stumb Carter helps her as they fight to clear their vision. Thr the chaos, we hear Eben’s BREATH, SHALLOW AND TENSE --
61) 0) text: Whiteout. Eben and his crew feel their way up the steps o the general store. Lucy practically sobs with relief as Carter helps her in. The doorway looms like a black hole snow collecting in the open threshold --
62) 0) text: Stella runs her flashlight over the store as Eben’s ready swing his axe -- all appears clear. The survivors pull plastic trashbags from their parkas, as Eben looks first Beau, Lucy, Denise and Doug --
62) 1) dialog: You four, grab all the canned goods you can. Stella and Carter, propane and batteries. Jake, medical supplies. I’m getting axes and bear traps. You have two minutes.
63) 0) text: Jake stuffs his bag with pain meds and bandages. Eben pas him and grabs a handful of INHALERS. Eben pops one open, shakes it, BLASTS HIMSELF GRATEFULLY, shoves the inhalers pocket and moves on with a new energy -- 99 100-102 103 104 60.
64) 0) text: Eben pulls three bear traps, tucks them under one arm, th reaches for axes. Down the aisle, Stella and Carter bundl more propane canisters and batteries --
67) 0) text: Denise hisses in a panic toward Eben and Stella --
67) 2) dialog: The axe -- somebody -- !
67) 6) dialog: 
67) 9) dialog: Smart call. Jake stands over the corpse, still overwhelmed --
67) 13) dialog: (correcting Denise) It. Not her. They look toward the decapitated head, wincing. Nobody ha answer. Lucy walks toward the front door, reeling. Carter (scarf tightly wrapped around his head) sounds nauseated
67) 16) dialog: (agreeing) They want to keep their numbers down. They don’t want to give themselves competition. Eben and Stella share a look: no enemy has ever been more ruthless --
68) 0) text: Eben and Stella appear in the doorway in panic toward the front -- to see it’s true. The snow has eased to the poin where the street is visible again through the front door
68) 2) dialog: And the fresh snow’ll show tracks. They regard each other in dread --
70) 1) dialog: They watch the store more than anyplace else. We need to move or we'll be trapped.
70) 4) dialog: It’s not going to be you, Carter -- Eben and Carter face off, respecting each other’s bravery when Stella speaks up with the energy of a new plan --
70) 6) dialog: Like exactly?
70) 19) dialog: I can run fastest.
70) 21) dialog: (suddenly harsh)
70) 24) dialog: You're fifteen. Forget it.
70) 26) dialog: (into Jake’s face) I saw you when you killed that girl. Crying little boy. You try and tell me you’re up to doing that three or four more times. What do you say?! It’s harsh, but Eben has to be harsh to keep Jake here. Jake’s stunned silent; 111 112 113 114 66. he can’t help resenting how right Eben is. Stella glances Jake, underscoring the idea that Jake had better not push then looks back to Eben --
70) 28) dialog: But you do. Right? She’s silent, realizing Eben trusts her this much -- EBEN (cont'd) Look, who’s the sheriff, and who’s the bureaucrat from Anchorage? I’m making the run. I‘11 stop them with the sunlamp and see you back at the attic. She steels herself, reluctantly handing him the walkie-ta
71) 0) text: Light snowfall, ethereal calm. Until Eben BOLTS out of th store, setting a land speed record as he lets his AXE WHA AGAINST LAMPPOSTS, drawing attention away from the store
72) 0) text: Light snowfall. Marlow, Iris and two other vampires HEAR SOUNDS EBEN’S CREATING -- they turn a corner to see Eben speeding away at the end of the next block -- 67. 115 EXT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 115 Light snowfall. A modest, unassuming home, its front wind broken. Eben, WHEEZING, caroms into the side yard and pus the generator button. Nothing. He pushes it again, again finally it STARTS WHIRRING TO LIFE --
75) 0) text: Stella’s party hustles ahead -- Beau in the lead, Denise, and a bundled-up Carter behind him, followed by Jake and Stella. Doug, in the rear, stumbles in a snowdrift, his s of food spilling everywhere. As he scrabbles in the snow quickly to retrieve it all -- 122 123 124 125 68. WHOOOOM -- there is a flash of black -- a vampire drops f the rooftops onto Doug -- He lashes at Doug’s neck, KEENING to call allies as Stell party disappears around a corner ahead -- Stella turns at the KEENING of the vampire, the GURGLING SCREAMS from DOUG -- but Carter pulls her onward. In a co sweat, she knows she must keep the others moving -- EXT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 122 The survivors haul inside -- faint lights flickering as t jenny fights on. Beau covers them at the door with his shotgun as Stella copes with her fear for Eben -- INT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 123 Eben’s primed for the attack -- but still it’s a shock wh the vampires BREAK DOWN THE DOOR after Eben. He sucks in the breath he can, and aims the sunlamp at them -- IRIS SIZZLES -- her skin charring as she KEENS IN PAIN an staggers away -- Eben holds fast -- this rare victory overwhelming him wit relief, even as his eyes widen in awe at this uncanny sig Marlow pulls Iris away, but LOCKS EYES with Eben for one moment -- nobody has ever destroyed one of his toys. He w not forget Eben -- Marlow backs away with the dying Iris before he can be hi with the next blast of UV light -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 124 Jake looks soberly at the floor, where shreds of Helen’s and the Stranger’s clothes lie amid BLOODSTAINS. Stella k the lights, fires up the WALKIE-TALKIE --
75) 2) dialog: It worked once -- but they’re killing the power -- !
75) 6) dialog: (on WALKIE-TALKIE) -- I’ll have to run for it somehow --
75) 9) dialog: The brakes are jammed on that thing --
75) 15) text: 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 70. INT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 127 Eben charges out the front door, while behind the house -
76) 0) text: Eben darts with his axe from house to house, seeing the s sign for Rogers Avenue -- EXT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 131 Marlow SNARLS in pursuit, pointing out Eben’s footprints the others -- HOWLING IN BLOODLUST --
77) 0) text: Marlow’s trio is joined by FOUR MORE VAMPIRES answering t howl -- the seven prowl down the avenue in search of Eben They pause when they hear a LOW GRUMBLING ROAR behind the Suddenly an enormous CHAINSAW lunges at Marlow’s crew -- ditch driller. With an impudent Beau at the wheel. The chainsaw’s steel teeth RIPPING through one vampire’s body TORN IN HALF as Beau steers the ditch driller forward --
82) 0) text: Eben stops for a second in heartbreak, regarding the FIER GLOW from Rogers Avenue -- Beau’s sacrifice. * 139 140 72.
83) 0) text: Beau’s attackers, on fire, throw themselves into the snow Marlow, waiting outside, looks on in disgust. At last Bea himself staggers out, GASPING IN PAIN, near dead, walking autopilot, a charred wreck of a man finally collapsing at the fallen sign for the ADMIRALTY BAY HOTEL -- * MARLOW SNARLS IN HIS INHUMAN TONGUE -- and lifts his boot above Beau’s head. OFF THE SOUND OF THE SICKENING CRUNCH INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 140 Eben returns and a relieved Stella hugs him for all he’s -- he’s too drained to respond except to mourn --
83) 1) dialog: Beau.
83) 10) dialog: (it’s sinking in) He’s told us what he wants -- Eben stares her down -- until she sees there’s no other w Eben lifts his axe, nods to Carter, walks with him to the station’s kitchen. Stella watches them go, eyes full of tragedy. Nearly writ with helplessly, Stella dreads what she’s about to hear - waiting, waiting -- And after a moment, we hear the cruel THUNK of the axe -- Stella and the other survivors wince, knowing their frien gone now. At last Eben trudges back in, aching, walking across the station, unable to look at any of them now. Desperate to help, Stella crosses to him and WHISPERS --
83) 12) dialog: (fiercely) STOP IT. +e
83) 15) dialog: The last hopeful idea took away three people I’ve known my whole damn life. Quietly, carefully, Stella reaches toward Eben -- But in the wake of losing Carter, Eben pulls back, no lon able to accept consolation. They stand not far apart and so aware of the chasm between them -- yearning to bridge gap yet not knowing how -- As Eben’s searching for words, suddenly he blinks -- EBEN’S POV -- a small LIGHT FLASHES OUTSIDE -- EBEN -- flares with a new sense of mission -- EBEN (cont'd) Someone’s alive -- They move to the doorway, wary as they study the FLASHING
84) 1) dialog: It’s Billy -- (decoding) Hid in the vents -- they tore through his house --
85) 0) text: Wedged against a window by a pile of furniture hurled int corner, Billy Kitka -- Eben’s childhood friend who report the vandalism of the Snowcats -- desperately works a smal PENLIGHT on his keyring -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 146 Stella watches as Eben decodes the Morse Code FLASHES --
85) 4) dialog: (reading) He’1l warn us when it’s safe -- he can see the town, they’re coming back -- ! The flashing light DISAPPEARS to blackness as Stella and close the door in alarm -- EXT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 147 Marlow stalks up to where the CHARRED BODY OF IRIS lies u the icy tarmac -- glowering as he regards her ruined form He kneels beside her, running his nails along her skin. I almost looks sentimental -- Until he suddenly, viciously SINKS HIS TEETH INTO HER NEC starting to feed -- nothing is more important than his hu After a moment, he comes up for air, face bloody -- and e full of the need for vengeance -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 148 TITLE: DAY 21. Jake, Denise and Lucy watch as Eben and Stella suit up to head outside --
85) 10) dialog: You'll be okay here, Jake? Jake nods solemnly, a silent promise to his brother than up to the job. Eben shoots a look to Lucy as he prepares go, firmly resolved --
85) 12) text: 149 150-153 154 76. EBEN (cont'd) We’re not losing anyone else.
86) 0) text: Eben and Stella check the coast -- run across the street an alley and catch their breath -- A WIND FROM SOMEWHERE -- a CREAK -- are they being watche They hesitate, look to each other -- they have no other choice. Furiously they bolt toward Billy’s house --
87) 0) text: Searching through the house, Stella WHISPERS Eben into th bedroom where furniture has been thrown against the wall
87) 3) dialog: Someone -- SHOT them. It’s the worst thing Eben could see right now -- a family killed, betrayed as they slept. As he tries to bear up -- BEHIND THE HURLED FURNITURE, BILLY’S VOICE CREAKS OUT WEA
87) 6) dialog: (as he does) Billy -- your family -- ? 77.
87) 9) dialog: You had a family! A family! You don’t EVER hurt them, you do whatever it fucking takes to -- Eben loses his breath in his fury, as Billy cries silentl knowing his guilt. Eben shakes his head, not knowing what do with Billy -- until finally, he gruffly extends a hand EBEN (cont'd) When the sun comes up -- you can tell it to a judge -- EBEN -- lifts an unsteady Billy to his feet, but Billy STUMBLES back, unable to keep his balance -- EBEN (cont'd) You haven’t used your legs in two weeks. You’1ll need to work up to it. (a beat) It could take us days to get back to the station if they’re out in the streets again -- 155 156 157 78.
87) 11) dialog: Jake’s there with Denise and Lucy. We'll reconnect when we can, then move to the Utilidor. There’s a sewage pipe outside, we can get into the plant without them seeing -- Eben takes a breath and lifts Billy back up, determined - EBEN (cont'd) First let’s get you able to walk --
88) 0) text: TITLE: DAY 23. Wind HOWLS, driving snow like sand -- Eben and Stella support Billy as they sidle toward the station
88) 2) dialog: Oh God --
88) 4) dialog: We’ll check every house on the way -- They head out, reaching into their hearts for strength --
90) 0) text: From behind the curtains in this now-ransacked and bloodstained home, Eben watches as -- 161¢c EXT. JAYKO HOUSE - NIGHT 161¢ * EBEN’S POV -- Paul Jayko, one of the twin sewage workers, bolts from his house in desperation, driven mad by the taunting of Zurial and Archibald -- Paul runs through the snow for just one horrific moment a MARLOW swoops down from a roof, plummeting THE SCREAMING into a snowdrift -- Zurial and Archibald careen after him, ready to feed, onl see that Marlow has beaten them to it --
91) 0) text: TITLE: DAY 29. Drained, pallid, but forcing themselves onward, Eben, Stella and Billy crawl inch by inch, WHISPE
91) 3) dialog: -- we don’t have much further to go -- 164 165 166 167
94) 0) text: SCREAMS PULL Eben, Stella and Billy to the edge of the ho to see --
95) 0) text: EBEN’S POV -- GAIL fills the frame, careening from the ho
96) 0) text: Stella reaches out to embrace Gail, clamping a hand over mouth to stop her crying -- EBEN’S POV -- It’s too late -- Zurial looks up from his a on Frank, narrowing his gaze TO FIND THE SOURCE OF GAIL’S CRYING -- looking right into the eyes of Eben, Stella and
96) 1) text: Billy. He KEENS hungrily at the sight of them -- EBEN -- shoots an order to Billy --
96) 5) dialog: I’m giving you a chance to help save someone -- (then to Stella) Get her away, we'll cover you --
97) 0) text: Eben rolls out with Billy before Stella can argue -- rais his axe and tearing with Billy around the side of the hou Face bloody, Zurial follows Eben and Billy around the hou
99) 0) text: Eben and Billy run inside the back door, past Michelle’s corpse on the floor -- But Zurial is there before they know it -- he grabs Eben, the axe CLATTERS to the floor. Billy freaks and runs out Eben’s shocked by the desertion as Zurial’s jaws open wid the attack --
101) 0) text: Eben flails an arm toward the kitchen counter, finds a CA KNIFE and slashes it across Zurial’s face before the vamp can attack. Zurial reels with an eerie KEENING SCREAM, hi black blood spurting across his eyes -- Eben reaches for the axe and scrambles away as Zurial clu his face in pain --
103) 0) text: Inside the mouth of a sewage pipe, Eben edges forward. A WHIRRING MECHANICAL NOISE ECHOES through the pipe, shadow trace their way across him as he moves, CREAKS JUMP UP fr here and there -- does he dare to take another step? What other choice does he have? He creeps ahead another step -- holding his breath as the CREAKS -- he’s nearly made it to sanctuary when he sees t SOURCE OF THE HUMMING. The whirling, razor-edged shafts o the colossal shredder are almost beneath him, he’1l have jump over them to safety. He leaps forward -- And as soon as he lands, without warning, Lucy, Jake and Denise emerge from hiding, ready to shove him into the bl Jake pulls them back just in time --
103) 3) dialog: Where’s Stella? Gail Robbins? They all look back sadly -- they have no answer -- EBEN (cont'd) Oh God -- they’re still out there -- ! OFF Eben, in sudden cold sweat, steeling himself for the threat, the possibility that Stella might not make it --
105) 0) text: Followed by the others, Eben moves to the window, searchi outside for Stella, pulling out his WALKIE-TALKIE --
105) 5) dialog: (INTO WALKIE-TALKIE)
107) 0) text: Eben scans the town for any sign of hope, when --
107) 2) text: Eben and the other survivors trade glances -- knowing the need all of them to help if they’ve been compromised --
108) 0) text: Arvin feeds on a twitching, still living Billy -- Eben tears in, brandishing his axe -- he takes a crushing swing at Arvin just as Arvin turns, and the axe embeds it in Arvin’s arm -- Lucy SCREAMS as Arvin hurls the axe away and then dives t Eben, seething in pain and anger, and turns on Denise -- Lucy, Denise and Jake grab Arvin’s arms and try to haul h back toward the Muffin Monster -- but Arvin shrugs them o easily -- Until Eben, using the distraction, HURTLES himself square into Arvin -- KNOCKING ARVIN TOWARD THE WHIRLING SHAFTS O
108) 4) dialog: Billy --
112) 0) text: Eben lifts up his axe and ruefully wipes away Billy’s blo when the survivors hear the POUNDING ECHOING from above. Denise, Jake and Lucy work to resist panic, shivering and looking to Eben for any small hope. Without Stella at his side, he gives them as much as he can give --
112) 1) dialog: We’1l wait it out. (and, seething) We'll have to.
113) 0) text: Eben paces, losing it -- the hours without Stella are tak harsh toll. HE BLASTS HIS INHALER, CLICKS THE WALKIE-TALK
113) 1) dialog: (INTO WALKIE-TALKIE)
113) 7) dialog: -- let’s survive today. And then we’ll survive tomorrow. Jake -- Eben gestures for Jake to join him privately -- EBEN (cont'd) I just wanted to make sure you knew -- good job getting everyone here. Jake takes in the praise -- right now it’s as valuable as food. And it’s clear they don’t have many chances left to the things we all should say to each other -- SUDDENLY THE WALKIE-TALKIE ON EBEN’S BELT CRACKLES TO LIF
113) 9) dialog: Stella -- !
113) 11) dialog: Where are you?
115) 0) text: The others crowd a newly-energized Eben, staring outside
115) 1) dialog: (ON WALKIE-TALKIE)
115) 2) text: The sun comes up tomorrow -- you and I‘1l see it together -- A beat as Eben wracks his brain for something to inspire EBEN (cont’d) -- remember that ridge? Where we had our first date? We’ll make it back there, baby -- I promise -- He keeps searching -- he knows he needs to give her more just memories to keep her going -- but what? Jake spots stranded Chevy, points it out to Eben --
115) 7) dialog: They’re a block away, baby -- we need to cut off before they hear you --
116) 0) text: Eben clutches the WALKIE-TALKIE like a lifeline --
116) 1) dialog: -- I’1l call you when it’s safe -- And he adds, for the first time in a long while -- EBEN (cont'd) I love you -- 187 188-189 190 191 88. A pause -- did Stella hear? Finally, faintly --
118) 0) text: Stella’s WALKIE-TALKIE CRACKLES IN, EBEN’S VOICE WHISPERI
118) 2) dialog: Stella -- CLICK TWICE to let me know you're all right. Stella's fighting for strength, she and Gail both sufferi from the chills, their skin turning brittle and blue. She CLICKS the walkie-talkie ONCE -- then TWICE -- EBEN (0.S.) (cont’d) They’re up to something, can’t tell what -- just run like hell if I call -- Stella CLICKS TWICE to acknowledge him -- Eben takes a breath, determined to do something as rough him as surviving in the cold is for Stella -- EBEN (0.S.) (cont’d) Baby -- I never wanted to lose you. I just couldn’t see how to -- (stepping up to the plate) Listen. We get through this -- when we DO get through this -- (the step he couldn’t take) -- you'll have a family -- 192 193 194 195 196 197 89. Stella closes her eyes, this precious moment warring with desperation -- it would be so easy to go to sleep forever EBEN (0.S.) (cont’d) I‘1l come through for you, just stay with me -- Stella clutches Gail closer to her -- hearing Eben speak this means so very much to her --
119) 0) text: Eben listens, hears TWO CLICKS in answer -- and prays --
121) 2) dialog: They’ve broken into the pipeline --
123) 0) text: Eben keeps staring, putting it all together in dread --
123) 1) dialog: They planned this all along -- burning down the town.
123) 6) dialog: Maybe. (a beat) But that Chevy Stella's under will go off like a bomb. Lucy sinks back in shock, as Eben reels --
127) 0) text: Eben watches, sweating, as the fire creeps through the to
127) 1) dialog: If she runs, the bastards get her -- if she stays put, she’ll burn -- Jake, pale and honest, stands at his side --
127) 3) dialog: Oh God -- (looks about) Oh dear God -- PUSH IN on Eben’s face -- he sees what to do, but he’s overwhelmed by the gravity of the step he’s about to take Then he bolts for the stairs as Jake watches, baffled --
129) 0) text: Carrying a first aid kit, Eben fishes out a syringe -- kn beside Billy’s corpse -- and sticks the syringe in its ar He pulls the stopper, FILLS THE SYRINGE WITH BLOOD -- Jake and the others arrive just in time to see Eben wince he INJECTS THE BLOOD-FILLED SYRINGE INTO HIS OWN ARM. Luc GASPS as the empty syringe falls to the floor --
129) 2) dialog: While they’re watching me, get on the walkie-talkie, tell Stella and Gail to run for it -- Eben collapses as though he’s starting withdrawal fro
129) 5) dialog: (through his teeth) Carter and Billy changed -- they were only bitten. They managed to hold onto who they were for a while -- 92. m drugs --
129) 8) dialog: (shouting them down) We can’t fight them off -- the way we are -- Sweat cascades across Eben’s brow as he shudders, his thickening -- for a moment it looks like an asthma at Jake digs in Eben’s pocket, hands Eben the inhaler --
129) 10) dialog: -- don’t need it -- ! He drops the inhaler as sweat beads across his face, hand on Jake’s shoulder, it’s getting harder to talk EBEN (cont'd) -- thanks -- little brother -- take care of Stella -- Then he reels back as another wave of agony shatters him; DENISE GASPS AS EBEN’S PUPILS WIDEN, LARGER AND breath * tack. *
132) 0) text: A pallid Eben, his voice now DEATHLY HOARSE, looks up to Gail, Lucy and Denise --
132) 1) dialog: I can smell your blood. He rises, struggling with temptation, warning them away w his eyes -- As he heads for the corridor that leads to the outside --
132) 6) dialog: (a beat; grimly) * If I can. *
133) 0) text: Smoke floods the air -- down the road, the town is in ful blaze. Suddenly the door KICKS OPEN -- and Eben emerges, fighting for balance, unaccustomed to his new senses, squinting through the smoke, face torn with pain and miss Like the vampires, Eben’s breath does not billow in the c but he’s wrapped up in winter gear so that no one notices Eben works for his bearings -- then trudges directly towa Marlow, the CRUNCH of his steps in the ice making Marlow Marlow recognizes Eben, HISSING vindictively -- *
137) 0) text: Eben pushes forward, knowing any moment might be his last Finally he’s nearly two yards away from Marlow -- and sud he reaches for Marlow, trying to grab at him with surpris speed. But Marlow BACKHANDS HIM INTO THE ICE -- Eben struggles to his feet, throws a fist at Marlow -- wh catches the fist and throws Eben back -- Eben lunges again for Marlow, knocking him down for a mom Then Marlow, SNARLING, HURLS HIMSELF at Eben, ripping at again and again, tearing his parka loose, battering his f and body mercilessly -- Eben desperately crawls, trying to get his feet under him Until Marlow pulls him by his hair and WHIPS him bitterly face up, against the ice -- Eben GASPS for breath, fighting to suck in some strength his mouth is bloody, and the blood makes the ice slicker they fight -- Zurial and the other vampires watch intently -- impressed Eben’s ability to survive against Marlow even this long - STELLA -- stops with Gail, seeing through the smoke that the crowd ahead, her husband is fighting for all their li MARLOW -- REACHES DOWN AND ENCIRCLES EBEN’S LEFT HAND IN
139) 0) text: Zurial and the other vampires look to the sky warily, ten at the knowledge that the night is almost gone -- realizi they face a decision -- Marlow circles Eben, gloating in triumph -- 96. Eben summons up his strength and butts his head into Marl knocking him onto the ice -- Insulted, Marlow SPITS FERALLY and regains his haunches, a wolf who will not give up his prey -- Eben wobbles for a moment on the ice, but determines to k the momentum on his side. With brutal drive he bolts towa Marlow, his left arm hanging limply with its fingers now broken, ready to strike another blow -- AT THE PUMP HOUSE DOOR -- Jake, Denise and Lucy watch in dread, helpless if Eben fails -- ON THE ICE -- the permafrost CRACKS as Marlow dodges Eben WHACKS him into the unforgiving ground again and again. I a savage onslaught that makes Eben’s very skull seem to S from the impact -- Eben knows he needs a moment to recoup -- he tries to cra away to gain a breather -- But Marlow drags him back mercilessly as the smoke whirls around them, Eben’s face lacerating against the ice -- Then he grabs Eben’s throat with one hand, lifting him up the frozen ground with a sadistic smile -- Marlow hurls Eben to the ground -- KICKS HIS FACE VICIOUS and then towers over Eben -- FROM THE TOWN -- a handful of tattered, drained survivors driven north by the smoke and fire, emerge to watch in aw struggling to understand what is happening -- the gaunt veterans of thirty days of night, mute witnesses to this battle that will decide their fates, JOINING A TRANSFIXED
139) 4) text: do -- he reaches into his depths and pulls up the ferocit strength of a wildcat -- Reaching up, he takes hold of Marlow’s jaw with his wound hand, and in a berserker rage, SLAMS HIS GOOD HAND ALL TH INTO MARLOW’S MOUTH --— The vampires gape in AWE AT THE SOUND OF RIPPING FLESH -- And MARLOW’S HEAD lands on the ice in a rush of red pain shock, still not realizing he’s lost. His eyes close -- h gone. Eben stares, blinking, astonished by it all, unable to comprehend for a moment that he’s won. Slowly he pulls himself to his knees -- Zurial looks grimly to the sky -- two other vampires take step back, retreating as their night runs out -- The survivors at the pump house BREATHE IN DEEPLY, unable contain their swelling hope -- STELLA -- however, sees there’s something far worse to le yet -- she runs to Eben, kneeling beside him on the ice -
139) 6) dialog: (a solemn beat) What I had to. She embraces him desperately -- overwhelmed by his sacrif He fights his way to his feet, looking at Marlow’s blood his hands. He needs it -- the blood would taste so very g But he can’t bring himself to go there -- Clenching his jaw, he looks around -- THE VAMPIRES ARE
141) 0) text: Eben nods; he understands full well what’s coming with th dawn. Stella holds onto Gail and Jake for balance, weak a she realizes the full extent of Eben’s transformation -- Denise turns to the survivors --
141) 3) dialog: (honestly, no self-pity) Stella. (MORE)
141) 4) text: 219 99. EBEN (cont'd) It’s getting hard to fight -- I’m forgetting everything but the pain. There’s just one place for me to go -- He turns, wishing to spare Stella what is to come --
142) 0) text: In the distance, the smoke curls up slowly now from Barro the flames have subsided. Much of the town is charred, bu there is still a town worth reclaiming. Eben and Stella sit together as the sun edges over the di icy horizon. Eben, his skin a landscape of agony, shivers while Stella grasps his hands with both hands --
142) 1) dialog: -- I sent Billy to take you to the airport -- knew he wouldn’t make it -- wanted you to stay -- A grateful nod from Stella; she always suspected it. She works to contain her fears as he winces, not sure he can endure the pain any longer -- EBEN (cont'd) Baby --
142) 3) dialog: Listen -- listen to me --
142) 5) dialog: I could live forever -- but I don’t want to breathe another second -- if I can’t remember what it feels like to love you -- Fighting back tears because they can’t risk missing a mom together, their eyes lock. Everything they’ve ever said t each other, everything they’ve never said and should have all passes between them -- 100.