9) 7) dialog: It'd be easier if you played, Helen -- Across the room, HELEN, late 60s, sits at the radio conso She doesn’t like you to know that she’s fighting cancer; positive attitude is one of her weapons against it.
9) 9) dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Playing yourself is the ultimate blahdy-blah-blah -- Helen nods toward the entering Eben, laboriously sheds hi winter gear --
17) 29) dialog: It’s working. 27 28 29 20.
17) 36) text: Jake opens the front door in the darkness, ready to head
17) 37) dialog: I’‘1ll hit the generator -- Eben nods, ransacks a drawer in Helen’s desk --
17) 41) dialog: (off Helen) Pot. It helps with her cancer. She’s got a little greenhouse at home.
17) 44) dialog: (protests too much) Noooo, I just thought you and Stella oughta have privacy --
17) 46) dialog: (off the Stranger’s grin) We have to stay here with him?
24) 14) dialog: 
24) 18) dialog: 
24) 21) dialog: No, you won't --
24) 50) text: Come in, Helen, take the keys, lock * yourself and Jake in a cell where nobody can -- Helen’s SCREAM INTERRUPTS, CRACKLING OVER THE WALKIE-TALK Eben looks to Stella in shock, doesn’t need to say a word she FLOORS IT, fishtailing the 4x4 for a moment before ge it under control and driving back to the station -- 41 42 30. INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 4l Weak lights from the generator. The door is blasted off i hinges; the windows are shattered and the furniture is to around. Eben and Stella move in, weapons drawn -- *
24) 53) dialog: They sweep the station: no sign of Jake. They appraise th room, wheels turning. The Stranger’s corpse lies exactly they left it in the cell, untouched. They look back on th station from inside the cell -- the door’s open, but stil they feel trapped -- STELLA (cont'd) Could Jake have gotten away -- ? Eben walks to the open doorway, seething at how his town’ spiralling out of control --
25) 8) dialog: They took Helen Shuster --
26) 0) text: Snowfall. Carter leads Denise, Doug, Lucy, Jake, the Bulo under a house, hissing as they creep forward --
26) 2) dialog: I’m cold --
35) 0) text: Warm with the amber glow from the propane heater, Stella Eben huddle with the survivors reeling with shock -- Deni Doug, Beau, Carter, Lucy, Jake, Wilson and Isaac.
35) 6) dialog: (off the canisters) How long will these things last?
35) 8) dialog: Then what? 39.
35) 13) dialog: (agreeing) I saw them -- feed on Helen. They wanted her blood. They’re like vampires, y'know?
35) 15) dialog: Some of them had, like, fangs.
38) 5) dialog: Then you might want to wait a few more days, lose a little weight so you won't be bringing up the rear -- ! Doug SLAPS Jake hard -- which makes Eben automatically, brutally grab Doug by the neck and stare him down --
48) 0) text: TITLE: DAY 12. Jake scoops the last from a can of Deviled Ham, looks to Stella --
48) 1) dialog: You sure you don’t want the last? (Stella shakes her head) I used to like the little devil on these cans.
55) 18) dialog: What the hell?! When the shit went down, who kept it together? You were busy shouting, “They can’t be shot!” Who kept it together?! They both know the answer. They look to Eben, who’s final recovering his breath bit by bit. Raspily Eben settles it
63) 0) text: Jake stuffs his bag with pain meds and bandages. Eben pas him and grabs a handful of INHALERS. Eben pops one open, shakes it, BLASTS HIMSELF GRATEFULLY, shoves the inhalers pocket and moves on with a new energy -- 99 100-102 103 104 60.
67) 10) dialog: She -- just a girl --
70) 8) dialog: (getting it) Yeah -- she used an ultraviolet lamp to grow the stuff --
70) 17) dialog: What if it doesn’t work -- ?
70) 20) dialog: Bullshit. I weigh less than you, I don’t have asthma --
70) 23) dialog: (re the asthma) What, everybody knows now -- !
70) 25) dialog: I’m fifteen, right. You’ve got a wife, people need you --
70) 30) dialog: It’s in her sideyard by the woodpile. Head in the back door, the pot’s growing in the laundry room.
75) 0) text: Stella’s party hustles ahead -- Beau in the lead, Denise, and a bundled-up Carter behind him, followed by Jake and Stella. Doug, in the rear, stumbles in a snowdrift, his s of food spilling everywhere. As he scrabbles in the snow quickly to retrieve it all -- 122 123 124 125 68. WHOOOOM -- there is a flash of black -- a vampire drops f the rooftops onto Doug -- He lashes at Doug’s neck, KEENING to call allies as Stell party disappears around a corner ahead -- Stella turns at the KEENING of the vampire, the GURGLING SCREAMS from DOUG -- but Carter pulls her onward. In a co sweat, she knows she must keep the others moving -- EXT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 122 The survivors haul inside -- faint lights flickering as t jenny fights on. Beau covers them at the door with his shotgun as Stella copes with her fear for Eben -- INT. HELEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT 123 Eben’s primed for the attack -- but still it’s a shock wh the vampires BREAK DOWN THE DOOR after Eben. He sucks in the breath he can, and aims the sunlamp at them -- IRIS SIZZLES -- her skin charring as she KEENS IN PAIN an staggers away -- Eben holds fast -- this rare victory overwhelming him wit relief, even as his eyes widen in awe at this uncanny sig Marlow pulls Iris away, but LOCKS EYES with Eben for one moment -- nobody has ever destroyed one of his toys. He w not forget Eben -- Marlow backs away with the dying Iris before he can be hi with the next blast of UV light -- INT. SHERIFF’S STATION - NIGHT 124 Jake looks soberly at the floor, where shreds of Helen’s and the Stranger’s clothes lie amid BLOODSTAINS. Stella k the lights, fires up the WALKIE-TALKIE --
85) 9) dialog: This’1l help him get back --
103) 0) text: Inside the mouth of a sewage pipe, Eben edges forward. A WHIRRING MECHANICAL NOISE ECHOES through the pipe, shadow trace their way across him as he moves, CREAKS JUMP UP fr here and there -- does he dare to take another step? What other choice does he have? He creeps ahead another step -- holding his breath as the CREAKS -- he’s nearly made it to sanctuary when he sees t SOURCE OF THE HUMMING. The whirling, razor-edged shafts o the colossal shredder are almost beneath him, he’1l have jump over them to safety. He leaps forward -- And as soon as he lands, without warning, Lucy, Jake and Denise emerge from hiding, ready to shove him into the bl Jake pulls them back just in time --
103) 1) dialog: Eben!
108) 0) text: Arvin feeds on a twitching, still living Billy -- Eben tears in, brandishing his axe -- he takes a crushing swing at Arvin just as Arvin turns, and the axe embeds it in Arvin’s arm -- Lucy SCREAMS as Arvin hurls the axe away and then dives t Eben, seething in pain and anger, and turns on Denise -- Lucy, Denise and Jake grab Arvin’s arms and try to haul h back toward the Muffin Monster -- but Arvin shrugs them o easily -- Until Eben, using the distraction, HURTLES himself square into Arvin -- KNOCKING ARVIN TOWARD THE WHIRLING SHAFTS O
112) 0) text: Eben lifts up his axe and ruefully wipes away Billy’s blo when the survivors hear the POUNDING ECHOING from above. Denise, Jake and Lucy work to resist panic, shivering and looking to Eben for any small hope. Without Stella at his side, he gives them as much as he can give --
113) 2) text: Stella, where are you -- ? (waits, waits) Stella, we’re okay, come in -- Nothing but silence. He shudders with rage and helplessne Denise, Lucy and Jake are beyond tired; their lips are parched, eyes bloodshot, clothes hanging like dead skin. Denise walks down the corridor carrying a bottle of vodka box of chocolates and a jar of vitamins -- she presents t to the others with the quiet humor of the totally drained
113) 4) dialog: (eyeing the vodka) * Am I too young for this?
115) 2) text: The sun comes up tomorrow -- you and I‘1l see it together -- A beat as Eben wracks his brain for something to inspire EBEN (cont’d) -- remember that ridge? Where we had our first date? We’ll make it back there, baby -- I promise -- He keeps searching -- he knows he needs to give her more just memories to keep her going -- but what? Jake spots stranded Chevy, points it out to Eben --
115) 3) dialog: There’s the car!
123) 5) dialog: This building’s strong. Can’t we ride it out here?
127) 2) dialog: -- you try to reach her, won’t they go after all of us? Eben leans against the door in pain -- knowing he can’t sacrifice everyone else, but unable to give up Stella -- Eben breathes harder and harder -- thoughts churning --
129) 0) text: Carrying a first aid kit, Eben fishes out a syringe -- kn beside Billy’s corpse -- and sticks the syringe in its ar He pulls the stopper, FILLS THE SYRINGE WITH BLOOD -- Jake and the others arrive just in time to see Eben wince he INJECTS THE BLOOD-FILLED SYRINGE INTO HIS OWN ARM. Luc GASPS as the empty syringe falls to the floor --
129) 3) dialog: (hoarsely) What did you do -- ?!
129) 9) dialog: Here -- ! But within moments, Eben’s breath becomes fuller, dee takes the inhaler and stares at it in amazement --
129) 18) dialog: 
132) 3) dialog: 
134) 1) dialog: 
134) 2) dialog: Stella, it’s Jake -- get out of there now, run, run -- !
139) 0) text: Zurial and the other vampires look to the sky warily, ten at the knowledge that the night is almost gone -- realizi they face a decision -- Marlow circles Eben, gloating in triumph -- 96. Eben summons up his strength and butts his head into Marl knocking him onto the ice -- Insulted, Marlow SPITS FERALLY and regains his haunches, a wolf who will not give up his prey -- Eben wobbles for a moment on the ice, but determines to k the momentum on his side. With brutal drive he bolts towa Marlow, his left arm hanging limply with its fingers now broken, ready to strike another blow -- AT THE PUMP HOUSE DOOR -- Jake, Denise and Lucy watch in dread, helpless if Eben fails -- ON THE ICE -- the permafrost CRACKS as Marlow dodges Eben WHACKS him into the unforgiving ground again and again. I a savage onslaught that makes Eben’s very skull seem to S from the impact -- Eben knows he needs a moment to recoup -- he tries to cra away to gain a breather -- But Marlow drags him back mercilessly as the smoke whirls around them, Eben’s face lacerating against the ice -- Then he grabs Eben’s throat with one hand, lifting him up the frozen ground with a sadistic smile -- Marlow hurls Eben to the ground -- KICKS HIS FACE VICIOUS and then towers over Eben -- FROM THE TOWN -- a handful of tattered, drained survivors driven north by the smoke and fire, emerge to watch in aw struggling to understand what is happening -- the gaunt veterans of thirty days of night, mute witnesses to this battle that will decide their fates, JOINING A TRANSFIXED
139) 9) dialog: It’s almost dawn. We made it. Stella looks up to the skies, apprehensive --
141) 0) text: Eben nods; he understands full well what’s coming with th dawn. Stella holds onto Gail and Jake for balance, weak a she realizes the full extent of Eben’s transformation -- Denise turns to the survivors --