17) 0) text: LUCY IKOS, sturdy, late 60s, stares uncertainly at the te Stranger sitting at her diner counter. The Stranger WILL
17) 2) dialog: Alcohol’s illegal this month -- folks have a hard enough time in the dark without booze making it worse --
17) 4) dialog: You can only get meat two ways around here -- frozen and burnt. 17.
25) 10) dialog: (terrified) John and Ally Riis, their house is all shattered! Doc Miller’s, too! Eben and Stella, framed in the doorway --
26) 0) text: Snowfall. Carter leads Denise, Doug, Lucy, Jake, the Bulo under a house, hissing as they creep forward --
35) 0) text: Warm with the amber glow from the propane heater, Stella Eben huddle with the survivors reeling with shock -- Deni Doug, Beau, Carter, Lucy, Jake, Wilson and Isaac.
35) 10) dialog: And maybe those people give up and go elsewhere.
35) 22) dialog: We can’t last that long -- !! Eben rises, determined to put down the growing panic --
40) 0) text: Doug and Wilson share a can of beets. Eben changes the propane canister. Stella, Lucy, Carter and Isaac sleep -- until they’re awakened by Kirsten’s pained voice echoing the attic --
48) 5) dialog: What about other houses? People might’ve left something.
58) 7) dialog: (wincing at the idea) The sewage pipe.
59) 0) text: Whiteout. HOWLING WIND. Scarved and masked, Eben carries axe as he leads the survivors step by step through the bi snow, as SCREECHES ECHO DISTANTLY around them. Lucy stumb Carter helps her as they fight to clear their vision. Thr the chaos, we hear Eben’s BREATH, SHALLOW AND TENSE --
61) 0) text: Whiteout. Eben and his crew feel their way up the steps o the general store. Lucy practically sobs with relief as Carter helps her in. The doorway looms like a black hole snow collecting in the open threshold --
62) 0) text: Stella runs her flashlight over the store as Eben’s ready swing his axe -- all appears clear. The survivors pull plastic trashbags from their parkas, as Eben looks first Beau, Lucy, Denise and Doug --
65) 0) text: Denise, Beau and Lucy collect cases of Ensure. Doug additionally stuffs his pockets with Oreos, grimly chuckl
67) 17) dialog: (from the doorway) The whiteout’s over --
83) 4) text: They reach for breath and share a deeper look, affirming bond -- as Lucy breaks the moment, trying to wrap her hea around all the losses -- *
83) 5) dialog: Now there’s six of us. *
85) 6) dialog: Maybe he should stay there; we can hold out here if he’s our lookout.
85) 8) dialog: Don’t we? Denise silences Lucy with a glare. Jake hands Stella a ca Ensure as Eben takes one of the walkie-talkies --
103) 0) text: Inside the mouth of a sewage pipe, Eben edges forward. A WHIRRING MECHANICAL NOISE ECHOES through the pipe, shadow trace their way across him as he moves, CREAKS JUMP UP fr here and there -- does he dare to take another step? What other choice does he have? He creeps ahead another step -- holding his breath as the CREAKS -- he’s nearly made it to sanctuary when he sees t SOURCE OF THE HUMMING. The whirling, razor-edged shafts o the colossal shredder are almost beneath him, he’1l have jump over them to safety. He leaps forward -- And as soon as he lands, without warning, Lucy, Jake and Denise emerge from hiding, ready to shove him into the bl Jake pulls them back just in time --
108) 0) text: Arvin feeds on a twitching, still living Billy -- Eben tears in, brandishing his axe -- he takes a crushing swing at Arvin just as Arvin turns, and the axe embeds it in Arvin’s arm -- Lucy SCREAMS as Arvin hurls the axe away and then dives t Eben, seething in pain and anger, and turns on Denise -- Lucy, Denise and Jake grab Arvin’s arms and try to haul h back toward the Muffin Monster -- but Arvin shrugs them o easily -- Until Eben, using the distraction, HURTLES himself square into Arvin -- KNOCKING ARVIN TOWARD THE WHIRLING SHAFTS O
112) 0) text: Eben lifts up his axe and ruefully wipes away Billy’s blo when the survivors hear the POUNDING ECHOING from above. Denise, Jake and Lucy work to resist panic, shivering and looking to Eben for any small hope. Without Stella at his side, he gives them as much as he can give --
113) 2) text: Stella, where are you -- ? (waits, waits) Stella, we’re okay, come in -- Nothing but silence. He shudders with rage and helplessne Denise, Lucy and Jake are beyond tired; their lips are parched, eyes bloodshot, clothes hanging like dead skin. Denise walks down the corridor carrying a bottle of vodka box of chocolates and a jar of vitamins -- she presents t to the others with the quiet humor of the totally drained
113) 6) dialog: What if the sun doesn’t come up? What if there’s a storm? Eben turns, stunned at the idea -- fighting for hope -- 182 86.
123) 4) dialog: Next year they’1l take out Point Hope. * Or Wainwright. *
129) 4) dialog: You can’t -- !
129) 7) dialog: (over, at a total loss) It’s -- you -- ! Lucy turns, unable to watch what’s happening to Eben
129) 16) dialog: -- how do we know he won’t attack US? *
132) 0) text: A pallid Eben, his voice now DEATHLY HOARSE, looks up to Gail, Lucy and Denise --
139) 0) text: Zurial and the other vampires look to the sky warily, ten at the knowledge that the night is almost gone -- realizi they face a decision -- Marlow circles Eben, gloating in triumph -- 96. Eben summons up his strength and butts his head into Marl knocking him onto the ice -- Insulted, Marlow SPITS FERALLY and regains his haunches, a wolf who will not give up his prey -- Eben wobbles for a moment on the ice, but determines to k the momentum on his side. With brutal drive he bolts towa Marlow, his left arm hanging limply with its fingers now broken, ready to strike another blow -- AT THE PUMP HOUSE DOOR -- Jake, Denise and Lucy watch in dread, helpless if Eben fails -- ON THE ICE -- the permafrost CRACKS as Marlow dodges Eben WHACKS him into the unforgiving ground again and again. I a savage onslaught that makes Eben’s very skull seem to S from the impact -- Eben knows he needs a moment to recoup -- he tries to cra away to gain a breather -- But Marlow drags him back mercilessly as the smoke whirls around them, Eben’s face lacerating against the ice -- Then he grabs Eben’s throat with one hand, lifting him up the frozen ground with a sadistic smile -- Marlow hurls Eben to the ground -- KICKS HIS FACE VICIOUS and then towers over Eben -- FROM THE TOWN -- a handful of tattered, drained survivors driven north by the smoke and fire, emerge to watch in aw struggling to understand what is happening -- the gaunt veterans of thirty days of night, mute witnesses to this battle that will decide their fates, JOINING A TRANSFIXED