10) 3) dialog: You need to see this, Eben --
11) 0) text: Eben follows Carter and Wilson through the pump house, wh Carter monitors the sewage system. His control panel is adorned with knickknacks and photos, especially a PHOTO o Carter with his WIFE AND FOUR KIDS. Eben examines it --
11) 5) dialog: The Muffin Monster?
12) 0) text: Eben, Carter and Wilson stand before a HIGH-TORQUE, FOUR- SHREDDER, a device that can literally turn steel drums in confetti. This is the Muffin Monster, where all the pipes lead, disposing of Barrow’s garbage and sewage. The razor edged shafts spin steadily. Carter pulls up a trashcan --
12) 3) dialog: Yep, I put it in drydock when the tourists headed south. Haven’t looked at it for days.
12) 5) dialog: Not without parts from Anchorage. This is my living, Eben. Why would someone rip the hell out of my bird? Wilson takes some of the debris and angrily tosses it int Muffin Monster -- which chews it all up with STARTLING SP
25) 2) dialog: We don’t know.
35) 0) text: Warm with the amber glow from the propane heater, Stella Eben huddle with the survivors reeling with shock -- Deni Doug, Beau, Carter, Lucy, Jake, Wilson and Isaac.
35) 12) dialog: (as that sinks in) I don’t think they ARE people.
37) 5) dialog: Mom died from lung cancer, Dad -- sixteen years back. Isaac frowns, baffled -- when a SUDDEN CRASH OUTSIDE KILL BREATH IN EVERYONE. Stella joins Eben to peer out -- EXT. STREET - NIGHT - STELLA’S POV 61 The door to a home is lying in the street -- two of Marlo creatures are visibly tearing through the place.
40) 0) text: Doug and Wilson share a can of beets. Eben changes the propane canister. Stella, Lucy, Carter and Isaac sleep -- until they’re awakened by Kirsten’s pained voice echoing the attic --
50) 7) dialog: (lost for words) It’s all right, Dad -- anyone would --
50) 11) dialog: Every day they need more food. They’1l be back.
50) 13) dialog: We‘re their frozen food -- Suddenly, a SLIDING RASP from inside the bathroom. They l to each other in alarm. Wilson TAPS on the door -- WILSON (cont’d) Dad? (silence) Dad -- ?! (rising, to Stella) Should we break in? 82 83 53.
50) 15) dialog: 
53) 0) text: Wilson moves quickly, risking death every second he’s out in the attic he was only wearing a down vest, unprepared the savagery of the cold --
53) 1) dialog: (hissing) Dad! Dad -- ! Silence. SNOW BEGINS TO FALL, WIND GROWS. Wilson looks to the sky, down an alley, under a house, growing desperate The loose door of a house SLAMS in the wind -- Wilson startles, backing away from the house -- Shivering, teeth starting to chatter, he’s realizing this very BAD idea, but he can’t abandon his father -- WILSON (cont'd) Daaaad -- ! His breath billows -- he wipes snow and tears from his fa steps into a small snowbank -- and is suddenly PULLED THE
54) 0) text: Eben and Stella simmer, bitter with losing Wilson --