0) 1) dialog: (voice-over)
0) 2) text: Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a fami Choose a fucking big television, Choose washing machines, compact disc players, and electrical tin openers. Suddenly, as Renton crosses a road, a car skids to a halt In a moment of detachment he stops and looks at the shock Spud, who has continued running, then at the Two Men, who on him. He smiles.
0) 4) dialog: (v.o)
0) 7) dialog: (v.o)
0) 8) text: Choose leisure wear and matching luggage. Choose a three suite on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics. Cho and wondering who you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sit that couch watching mind-numbing sprit-crushing game show stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth. Choose rottin the end of it all, pishing you last in a miserable home, more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked-up brat have spawned to replace yourself. Choose your future. Cho Renton is hit straight in the face by the ball. He lies b astroturf. Voice-over continues. But who would I want to do a thing like that?
0) 11) text: Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot b than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its re poor showing at the box office, in which field, of course Thunderball was a notable success. RENTON (v.o)
0) 13) text: I would say, in those days, he was a muscular actor, in e sense, with all the presence of someone like Cooper or La but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable roma lead, closer in that respect to Cary Grant. RENTON (v.o)
0) 27) text: Are you serious? RENTON
0) 29) text: Well, it's up to you. RENTON
0) 31) text: Sure, sure. I've heard it before. RENTON
0) 33) text: Yeah, well, it surely worked for him. RENTON
0) 35) text: He knows a lot about Sean Connery. RENTON
0) 37) text: you'll need one more hit. RENTON
0) 39) text: To see you through the night that lies ahead. Freeze Frame on Swanney. RENTON (v.o)
0) 42) text: Relinquishing junk. Stage One: preparation. For this you need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; to soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for cons cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Mil bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water; Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for fece one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict. Renton swallows several Valium tablets. Voice-over contin And now I'm ready. All I need is a final hit to soothe th while the Valium takes effect.
0) 47) text: Mikey. It's Mark Renton. Can you help me out?
0) 52) text: Opium suppositories. Ideal for your purpose. Slow release Bring you down gradually. Custom fucking designed for you RENTON
0) 54) text: That's all I've got: take it or leave it. Renton sticks his hand down the back of his trousers and suppositories into his rectum. Feel better now? RENTON
0) 73) text: You Only Live Twice? RENTON
0) 75) text: Running time? RENTON
0) 77) text: Director? RENTON
0) 79) text: Screenwriter? RENTON
0) 81) text: Fuck off! He never wrote any of them. RENTON
0) 83) text: You can look it up. Sick Boy throws across a worn copy of a film guide. Renton cannot be bothered to pick it up. How are you feeling since you came off the skag? For myse bored. RENTON
0) 85) text: But you're looking better, it has to be said. Healthier. even. RENTON
0) 87) text: And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow. RENTON
0) 89) text: Tomorrow afternoon. Usual set-up. RENTON
0) 91) text: Roald Dahl. RENTON
0) 97) text: It's certainly a phenomenon in all walks of life. RENTON
0) 99) text: Well, at one time, you've got it, and then you lose it, a gone for ever. All walks of life: George Best, for exampl and lost it, or David Bowie, or Lou Reed - RENTON
0) 101) text: No, it's not bad, but it's not great either, is it? And i heart you kind of know that although it sounds all right, actually just shite. RENTON
0) 103) text: Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Pre RENTON
0) 106) text: All I'm trying to do is help you understand that The Name Rose is merely a blip on an otherwise uninterrupted downw trajectory. RENTON
0) 108) text: I don't rate that at all. RENTON
0) 110) text: That means fuck all. The sympathy vote. RENTON
0) 112) text: Yeah. RENTON
0) 114) text: Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated. RENTON
0) 115) text: Give me the gun. EXT. PARK. DAY Through the sight again. This time a Skinh muscle-bound dog are in view. Sick Boy and Renton talk like Sean Connery. SICK BOY
0) 116) text: Do you see the beast? Have you got it in you sights? RENTON
1) 0) text: Two milkshakes clink together. Renton and Spud and seated at a booth, dressed in their o interviews. RENTON
1) 2) text: Cheers. RENTON
1) 4) text: Yeah. RENTON
1) 6) text: Right. RENTON
1) 8) text: And you might get the fucking job. RENTON
1) 10) text: Nightmare. RENTON
1) 12) text: My problem is that I tend to clam up. I go dumb and I can any questions at all. Nerves on the big occasion, like a footballer. RENTON
1) 13) text: Try this. Renton unfolds silver foil to reveal some amphetamine. Sp and takes a dab. He nods in appreciation as he tastes it. packet in Spud's hand. SPUD
1) 17) text: Well, Mr. Renton, I see that you attended the Royal Edinb College. RENTON
1) 19) text: One of Edinburgh's finest schools. RENTON
1) 21) text: I'm an old boy myself, you know? RENTON
1) 23) text: Do you recall the school motto? RENTON
1) 25) text: Strive, hope, believe and conquer. RENTON
1) 26) text: Exactly. Those very words have been my guiding light in w after all, a dark and often hostile world. Renton looks pious under scrutiny. MAN 2
1) 27) text: Mr. Renton -- RENTON
1) 29) text: You seem eminently suited to this post but I wonder if yo explain the gaps in your employment record? RENTON
1) 49) text: The pleasure was mine. Best interview I've ever been to. Spud crosses the room to shake everyone by the hand and k RENTON (v.o)
1) 53) text: A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's fear, compadre. RENTON
1) 103) text: Shopping Standing nearby but apart from them is Renton. Renton notes Spud and Tommy with their partners, and acro Sick Boy and Begbie are engaged in flirtatious conversati RENTON (v.o)
1) 104) text: The situation was becoming serious. Young Renton noticed with which the successful, in the sexual sphere as in all egregated themselves from the failures. Begbie and Sick Boy with the Two Women. Renton standing among a group of lone nerds. Renton wades on to the dance floor, looking at countless either turn away or are spoken for. RENTON (v.o)
1) 105) text: Heroin had robbed Renton of his sex drive, but now it ret with a vengeance. And as the impotence of those days fade memory, grim desperation took hold in his sex-crazed mind post-junk libido, fuelled by alcohol and amphetamine, tau remorselessly with his own unsatisfied desire dot. Renton notices one girl (Diane) walking on her own toward A Man carrying two drinks catches up with her and walks b to her. She says nothing. He blocks her way. She takes one drink and downs it, then the other, handing glasses. She steps past him and walks on towards the door (v.o)
1) 106) text: And with that, Mark Renton had fallen in love.
1) 109) text: Thanks. RENTON
1) 111) text: Diane. RENTON
1) 113) text: I'm going home. RENTON
1) 115) text: It's where I live. RENTON
1) 117) text: What? RENTON
1) 119) text: Do you find that this approach usually works, or, let me you've never tried it before. In fact, you don't normally girls, am I right? The truth is that you're a quite, sens type but if I'm prepared to take a chance I might just ge the inner you: witty, adventurous, passionate, loving, lo little bit crazy, a little bit bad, but, hey, don't us gi love that? RENTON
1) 121) text: Well, what's wrong, boy? Cat got your tongue. RENTON
1) 122) text: I think I left something back at the - The girl has disappeared into the back of the taxi. Renton looks around. TAXI DRIVER
1) 131) text: Ssshh! RENTON
1) 148) text: Right. You can't sleep here. RENTON
1) 150) text: Out. RENTON
1) 152) text: No argument. You can sleep on the sofa in the living room home. It's up to you. RENTON
1) 165) text: Come in and sit down. You must be Mark. Renton walks to the table and sits down. RENTON
1) 167) text: You're a friend of Diane's? RENTON
1) 169) text: Right. RENTON
1) 171) text: Flatmates. I must remember that one. The Man and Woman look beyond Renton. He too turns and fo Diane stands in the doorway. She is wearing school uniform.
1) 194) text: I don't see why not. RENTON
1) 196) text: Holding hands? RENTON
1) 198) text: In that case you can do it. You were quite happy to do a last night. RENTON
1) 200) text: Calm down. You're not going to jail. RENTON
1) 202) text: Can I see you again? RENTON
1) 203) text: Certainly not. Renton walks away. DIANE
1) 204) text: If you don't see me again I'll tell the police. Renton turns and walks back to her. They stand for a mome walks away again. Diane smiles. (to herself)
1) 230) text: Doesn't it make you proud to be Scottish? RENTON
1) 249) text: I want to try it, Mark. You're always going on about how ultimate hit and that. Better than sex. Come on, I'm a fu adult. I want to find out for myself. Renton huddles up and leans away from Tommy. I've got the money. Tommy produces ten pounds from his pocket.
1) 264) text: Swanney taught us to adore and respect the National Healt Service, for it was the source of much of our gear. We st drugs, we stole prescriptions, or bought them, sold them, them, forged them, photocopied them or traded them with c victims, alcoholics, old age pensioners, AIDS patients, e and bored housewives. We took morphine, diamorphine, cycl codeine, temazepam, nitrezepam, phenobarbitone, sodium am dextropropoxyphene, methadone, nalbuphine, pethidine, pen buprenorphine, dextromoramide chlormethiazole. The street awash with drugs that you can have for unhappiness and pa we took them all. Fuck it, we would have injected Vitamin only they'd made it illegal. The GP examines Renton's chest and smiles. The GP turns to wash his hands. Renton pulls on his shirt prescription pad off the desk.
1) 275) text: And remember, Rents: no skag. RENTON
1) 276) text: Aye, OK, Fr. RENTON (v.o)
1) 281) text: Calm down, calm down. It's going to be all right, everyth just fine. RENTON (v.o)
1) 283) text: Oh, fuck. Sick Boy reaches out to Allison. RENTON (v.o)
1) 285) text: Say something, Mark, say something -- RENTON
1) 286) text: I'm cooking' up. There is a silence. Renton begins scrambling around through the works. ALLISON
1) 287) text: Cook one for me, Renton. I need a hit. RENTON (v.o)
1) 293) text: Hello there, Mark. Diane is standing just beside him. What are you doing? Renton is speechless, but a few stolen items fall from in down to the floor. Diane looks down. Spud and Sick Boy start to snigger. One of the Store Detectives become aware of the group. He towards them. You didn't tell me you were a thief. SPUD
1) 295) text: Opium doesn't just grow on trees, you know. A few more items fall from Renton's jacket as the store D Renton looks at Diane.
1) 298) text: Nor did I. Our only response was to keep on going and fuc misery upon misery, heap it up on a spoon and dissolve it bile, then squirt it into a stinking purulent vein and do Keep on going: getting up, going out, robbing, stealing, over, propelling ourselves with longing towards the day i wrong. As seen in the opening scene, Renton is nearly hit screeches to a halt as he crosses a road. He looks at the driver, at Spud running away and the Stor approaching. (v.o)
1) 299) text: Because no matter how much you stash or how much you stea enough. No matter how often you go out and rob and fuck p always need to get up and do it all again. Renton smiles (v.o)
1) 300) text: Sooner or later, this sort of thing was bound to happen. Detectives runs straight past him, after Spud. The other Detective crashes into Renton with a mighty pun
1) 302) text: ...because shoplifting is theft, which is a crime, and, d what you may believe, there is no such entity as victimle Heroin addiction may explain your actions, but it does no them. Mr Murphy, you are a habitual thief, devoid of regr remorse. In sentencing you to six months' imprisonment my worry is that it will not be long before we meet again. M I understand that you have entered into a programme of rehabilation in an attempt to wean yourself away from her suspension of your sentence is conditional upon your cont cooperation with this programme. Should you stand guilty again, I shall not hesitate to impose a custodial sentenc RENTON
1) 303) text: Thank you, your honour. With God's help, I'll conquer thi affliction. The Sheriff and Renton stare at one another for a moment. look at Spud, then back towards the Sheriff, who is now l (v.o)
1) 314) text: But he pulled it off, clever bastard, and he got a result They laugh, then fall silent. Renton turns around. Behind him stands Spud's mother. RENTON
1) 315) text: Mrs Murphy, I'm sorry about Spud. It's wasn't fair, him g me -- Tears in her eyes, Mrs Murphy turns and walks away. Renton watches her go. Behind him Begbie shouts. BEGBIE
1) 316) text: It's no our fault. Your boy went down because he was fuck smack-head and if that's not your fault, I don't know wha Begbie turns back to Renton. Right. I'll get the drinks in. He moves towards the bar. Renton slips away. Renton walks through the bar towards the toilets, then ou
1) 318) text: I wished I had gone down instead of Spud. Here I was surr my family and my so-called mates and I've never felt so a never in all my puff. Since I was on remand they've had m programme, the state-sponsored addiction, three sickly sw of methadone a day instead of smack. But it's never enoug the moment it's nowhere near enough. I took all three thi and now I've got eighteen hours to go till my next shot a sweat on my back like a layer of frost. I need to visit t superior for one hit, one fucking hit to get us over this hard day. Renton climbs the wall. He stands on top, then dives off executing a somersault in mid-air.
1) 321) text: Your favourite dish. RENTON
1) 323) text: Your usual table, sir? RENTON
1) 324) text: Why, thank you. Renton sits on his usual cushion on the floor. SWANNEY
1) 325) text: And would sir care to settle his bill in advance? RENTON
1) 327) text: Regret to inform, sir, that your credit limit was reached breached a long time ago. RENTON
1) 329) text: Oh, hard currency, why, sir, that'll do nicely. He swipes the notes underneath a UV forgery checker. Can't be too careful when we're dealing with your type, c Renton begins his search for a vein. Would sir care for a starter? Some garlic bread perhaps? RENTON
1) 331) text: As you wish. He hands Renton the syringe. Renton inject, then lies bac red, carpeted floor. He lies completely still. His pupils breathing becomes slow, shallow and intermittent. He sink until he is lying in a coffin-shaped and coffin-sized pit carpet. Swanney stands over him. SWANNEY
1) 339) text: Wake up. Wake up. Renton breathes more easily.
1) 350) text: I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post, that sure. I'm in the junky limbo at the moment, too ill to sl tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on its way. Swea chills, nausea, pain and craving. Need like nothing else ever known will soon take hold of me. It's on the way. The door opens. Renton's Mother walks in with a bowl of s bread. Father watches from the doorway. MOTHER
1) 351) text: We'll help you, son. You'll stay with us until you get be We'll beat this together. RENTON
1) 353) text: No. No clinics, no methadone. That made you worse, you sa yourself. You lied to us, son, your own mother and father RENTON
1) 357) text: You're staying where we can keep an eye on you. RENTON
1) 358) text: I do appreciate what you're trying to do, I really do, bu just one score, to ease myself off it. Just one. Just one Mother retreats past Father, who closes the door. The bol Renton lies back and closes his eyes. His forehead is dam begins to shake. He tosses and turns, becoming wrapped up blankets. As he unravels them, he is astonished to find a Begbie in the bed with him. BEGBIE
1) 359) text: Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come ba it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out. Begbie laughs and covers himself up. Renton rips away the Begbie has gone. Renton looks up. Baby Dawn is crawling a Renton looks down to see Diane sitting on the end of the 'Temptation' by New Order. DIANE
1) 360) text: 'Oh, you've got green eyes, oh, you've got red eyes, and never met anyone quite like you before.' Renton looks back up. Dawn continues her slow crawl, leav rail of unidentifiable slime. Renton looks down. Sick Boy the bed, holding a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit. Mo him. SICK BOY
1) 361) text: It's a mug's game, Mrs Renton. I'm not saying I was blame myself, far from it, but there comes a time when you have your back on that nonsense and just say no. Sick Boy takes a bit of his biscuit. Dawn crawls on. She sits on the end of the bed, in a caricature prison unifor it, plus a ball and chain. Dawn has claws as well. Tommy the bed. He looks terrible. TOMMY
1) 362) text: Better than sex, Rents, better than sex. The ultimate hit fucking adult. I'll find out for myself. Well, I've found right. Renton looks up again just as the baby drops on to his fa off and throws her into a corner. Renton's Mother and Fat him. Mother bends down and picks up the large, damp spong where it landed. She wipes her son's face with it. FATHER
1) 380) text: Mark...Mark, you've got a house. House! House! For goodne They bustle around him and pass his card to the front. RENTON (v.o)
1) 385) text: No. RENTON
1) 387) text: No. RENTON
1) 388) text: No. Me Neither. Renton drops the ball. It rolls to a halt in the corner. TOMMY
1) 389) text: You take the test? RENTON
1) 391) text: Clear? RENTON
1) 393) text: That's nice. RENTON
1) 395) text: Have you got any gear on you? RENTON
1) 397) text: Well, sub us, then, mate. I'm expecting a rent cheque. Renton produces some of his bingo win. As he hands the no eyes and hands meet for a moment. Tommy puts the money aw TOMMY (continued)
1) 398) text: Thanks, Mark. RENTON
1) 404) text: Surprise! Pa-pah! Renton sits down and takes it in silence. Hit the artery by mistake. Common enough error, or so the tells us, as though that's going to make my leg grown bac it could have been worse, it could have been my fucking d I tell you what, in this place you get looked after: clea regular meals and all the morphine you can eat. RENTON
1) 406) text: And see when I get out of here. I've got plans. Going to myself straightened out and head off to Thailand, where w really know how to treat a guy. See, out there you can li king if you've got white skin and a few crisp tenners in pocket. No fucking problem. RENTON
1) 408) text: The strategy is this: get clean, get mobile, get into dea this time next year I'll be watching the rising sun with of oriental buttocks parked on my coupon. RENTON
1) 410) text: Yeah. RENTON
1) 414) text: Eughh. Sounds horrible. RENTON
1) 416) text: Did he -- you know? RENTON
1) 418) text: You know. RENTON
1) 420) text: Oh no, don't even mention it. RENTON
1) 422) text: God, you're sick. RENTON
1) 424) text: Cut it out. RENTON
1) 426) text: Don't know. Maybe Thursday. RENTON
1) 427) text: You're a real mate. And what about Tommy? Have you been t yet? Sick Boy is silent. He stiffens as he avoids Renton's gaz fractionally apart. RENTON tuts. SICK BOY
1) 428) text: Fuck you. OK, so Tommy's got the virus. Bad news, big dea gig goes on, or hadn't you noticed? Swanney fucks his leg Well, tough shit, but it could have been worse. RENTON
1) 430) text: I know a couple of addicts. Stupid wee lassies. I feed th they need. A little bit of skag to keep them happy while punters line up at a fiver a skull. It's easy money for m exactly a fortune, but I'm thinking, 'I should be coining here.' Less whores, more skag. Swanney's right. Get clean into dealing, that's where the future lies. Set up some c get a good load of skag, punt it, profit. What do you thi RENTON
1) 436) text: Are you clean? RENTON
1) 438) text: Is that a promise, then? RENTON
1) 440) text: Calm down, I'm just asking. Is that hash I can smell? RENTON
1) 442) text: I wouldn't mind a bit, if it is. RENTON
1) 444) text: Smells like it. RENTON
1) 446) text: Too young for what? Renton looks in each direction along the empty passageway
1) 448) text: You're not getting any younger, Mark. The world is changi is changing, even drugs are changing. You can't stay in h day dreaming about heroin and Ziggy Pop. RENTON
1) 450) text: Whatever. I mean, the guy's dead anyway. RENTON
1) 452) text: The point is, you've got to find something new. Diane completes the joint. RENTON (v.o)
1) 456) text: Can you take this call? Renton takes the telephone and reaches for a piece of pap reads. RENTON
1) 457) text: Hello, yes, certainly. It's a beautifully converted Victo house. Ideally located in a quiet road near to local shop transport. Renton checks his watch.
1) 459) text: Two bedrooms and a kitchen/diner. Fully fitted in excelle decorative order. Lots of storage space. All mod cons. Th hundred and twenty pounds per week. A couple approach. Renton unlocks the door of a flat and while he ushers them in.
1) 468) text: as he is wanted by the police in connection with an armed in a jeweller's in Corstorphine. Take care. Yours with lo Diane. There is a buzz at the door. Renton re-examines the lette buzz. RENTON
1) 472) text: Armed robbery? With a replica? How can it be armed robber fucking scandal. He 'fires' the gun a few more times at his own head, then floor. And the haul. Look. He digs a few rings out of his pocket and throws them to Solid silver, my arse. I took it to a fence -- it's trash trash. There's young couples investing all their hopes in stuff, and what are they getting? RENTON
1) 476) text: Begbie settled in in no time at all. Begbie opens a can of beer. Renton closes the door.
1) 478) text: Rents, Rents, come fucking back here. Renton opens the door. Begbie is holding out an empty pac Look. RENTON
1) 480) text: I've no fucking cigarettes. Begbie throws the packet down to the floor. It lands near turned back to the television and takes a swig of beer. RENTON
1) 481) text: Right. Renton closes the door again.
1) 485) text: Hey, I'm wanting a bet put on. RENTON
1) 502) text: I'm no a fucking buftie and that's the end of it. RENTON
1) 503) text: Let's face it, it could have been wonderful. Begbie leaps off the bed, grabs Renton and head-butts him the lapel. BEGBIE
1) 512) text: Good chips. RENTON
1) 514) text: I got a good price for it. Rents, I need the money. RENTON
1) 516) text: Well, Christ, if I'd known you were going to get so humpt it, I wouldn't have bothered. Are you going to eat that? He takes Renton's fish supper and adds it to his own. Have you got a passport? RENTON
1) 518) text: Well, this guy I've met runs a hotel. Brother. Loads of c Does a nice little sideline in punting British passports foreigners. Get you a good price. RENTON
1) 534) text: Tommy knew he had the virus, like, but never knew he'd go full-blown. RENTON (v.o)
1) 536) text: No, toxoplasmosis. Sort of like a stroke. RENTON (v.o)
1) 539) text: He wanted to see Lizzy again. He indicated Lizzy. Lizzy wouldn't let him near the house present for her, brought her a kitten. RENTON
1) 541) text: Exactly. I'm not wanting a cat, she says. Get to fuck, ri there's Tommy stuck with this kitten. You can imagine wha happened. The thing was neglected, pissing and shitting a the place. Tommy was lying around fucked out of his eyeba smack or downers. He didn't know you could get toxoplasmo cat shit. RENTON
1) 554) text: No. On you go. RENTON
1) 556) text: There's a mate of swanney's. Mikey Forrester -- you know He's come into some gear. A lot of gear. RENTON
1) 558) text: About four kilos. So he tells me. Got drunk in a pub down docks last week, where he met two Russian sailors. They'r carrying the stuff. For sale there and then, like. So he the next morning, realizes what he's done and get very fu nervous. Wants rid of this. {---------- He's looking for to punt it, but Swanney's nowhere to be seen since he los leg. ----------} RENTON
1) 560) text: So he met me and I offered to take it off his hands at a reasonable price, with the intention of punting it on mys guy I know in London. RENTON
1) 562) text: Yeah. There is silence. RENTON
1) 564) text: Four Grand. RENTON
1) 566) text: We're two thousand short. RENTON
1) 568) text: Come on, Mark, every cunt knows you've been saving up dow London. RENTON
1) 570) text: Yes, you fucking do. I've seen your statement. RENTON
1) 572) text: Two thousand, one hundred and thirty-three pounds. RENTON
1) 579) text: Unless you get caught. RENTON
1) 581) text: So why have you told me about it? RENTON
1) 583) text: I've got a boyfriend, Mark. RENTON
1) 585) text: That's right: 'going steady' for four weeks now. RENTON
1) 587) text: Sixteen next month. RENTON
1) 589) text: What do you think -- I should be carrying a torch for you Renton thinks it over. RENTON
1) 594) text: I hadn't told anyone everything that was running through about what might happen in London. There were a lot of possibilities I didn't want to talk to anyone about. Idea kept to myself. What no one told me was that when we boug skag, some lucky punter would have to try it out. Begbie trust Spud and Sick Boy was too careful these days, so I my sleeve and did what had to be done. Renton injects the heroin into a vein in his arm. RENTON
1) 635) text: Nineteen I can't offer you, I'm sorry. RENTON (v.o)
1) 639) text: So what are you planning with your share, Spud? RENTON
1) 647) text: I got the last one. RENTON
1) 650) text: I'm off for a pish. When I come back, that money's still RENTON
1) 653) text: You'll never catch us, you flabby bastard. Right, see, wh back -- RENTON
1) 655) text: I'd fucking kill you. RENTON
1) 656) text: I guess you would, Franco. Begbie walks away to the bar. Spud and Renton look at eac of money. Are you game for it? Spud looks at the bag and around the pub towards the toil Begbie stands at the bar, awaiting the pints. Well? SPUD
1) 657) text: Are you serious? Renton looks around. RENTON
1) 659) text: Still here, I see. Sick Boy sits down. RENTON
1) 660) text: Why not? I know I would. Where's Franco? Renton turns to see Begbie making his way through the cro helf precariously. As he reaches the table a Man standing friends accidentally nudges Begbie, causing a pint to spi BEGBIE
1) 665) text: Sorry's no going to dry me off, you cunt. RENTON
1) 668) text: Fuck you. If you can't hold a pint, you shouldn't be in t mate. Now fuck off. Begie drops the remaining three pints. As the Man looks d glasses, Begbie punches him in the face and knees him in breaks out between the Man and Begbie. Sick Boy rushes fo Begbie. Renton sits still, not even looking at the fight His eyes are fixed on the bag while his hands fiddle. Beg the hand. SPUD
1) 673) text: You were in my way. Begbie, blade still in hand, addresses the entire pub. And anyone in my way gets it, fucking gets it. Everybody that? Everybody happy? Nobody says anything. Renton is seated as before, avoidin Begbie addresses him. Hey, Rent-boy, bring us down a smoke. Renton does not move. SICK BOY
1) 676) text: (to Spud) You're not going to and fucking hospital. (to Sick Boy) You're staying there. (to Renton) And you bring me a fucking cigarette. Renton swivels and stands up. And the bag. Renton lifts the bag and slowly approaches Begbie. Renton shaking, pulls a packet of cigarettes from a pocket and h Begbie. Begbie does not move. Renton holds out the bag. B Renton selects a cigarette and hands it over to Begbie. B deeply and then blows the smoke towards Renton