0) 61) dialog: Hello, Slim, You all right?
0) 64) dialog: Slim, don't you think you better put the mail on the train.and lay over till it clears? © LINDBERGE: , ~ No, you get -me a bucket of gas. Burt brings the gas and hands it up to Lindbergh, who pou it into the planets tank, - BURT: a Slim, do you really think you oughta go on to Chicago.
0) 67) text: Burt goes to phone in box on pole. : BURT: i Hello, Hochstetter? This is Burt, Slim's down here all right. Any warning from Chicago? Nothing? You | sure? All right. Le . (hangs up --. to Lindbergh) : ' Nothing from Chicago, Slim, : LINDBERGH: L. Well I guess it's still open then, i
0) 72) dialog: Yeah, How long can you fly “these old wrecks and stay alive? The company oughta get you some real airplanes, Fix up the landing fields. Set beacons out along the way.
0) 74) dialog: What's the answer?
0) 76) dialog: ‘Switch off.
0) 78) dialog: Contact. Lindbergh runs, jumps up and spins propeller, The motor comes to life, and Burt climbs down as Lindbergh climbs u and into cockpit.
0) 81) dialog: Look out now, Slim,
0) 83) text: (into phone) Peoria Airport. Burt speaking. Yeah? He's just taking off. ‘ (CONTINUED )
0) 95) dialog: (waving his arms. desperately) ; Hold it, Slim! There's a blizzard out of Chicago? They couldn't.get through because the linss sre ' down! Hold it! Too late. Lindbergh's plane is rising from the field, the engine drowning out the warning. Burt stands helpless, st ing after the plane until the fog and the night swallow i up, He turns slowly, walks over to the flare, ‘ . DISSOLVE: SNOWSTORM ‘ NIGHT Lindbergh is flying the mail plane in blinding snow. The Bine coughs, He turns his flashlight on the gas gauge. It wavers on Empty. He slips the flashlight in his pocket, h the stick between his knees and unbuckles the safety belt The engine coughs again, then spits a couple of times and Now there is only the sound of the wind whining through t struts, Lindbergh sits up on the side of the cockpit and rolis of into space, The ship glides on for a moment, then noses: down, the whine rising to a scream, i Lindbergh is swinging under his parachute, his flashlight earthward, hoping to get a glimpse of what might be in st for him below, There is the faint sound of the wind screa through the struts of the falling plane ~ coming nearer a nearer. Lindbergh looks up, He sweeps his flashlight around the s sky. The scream of the plane is louder, Suddenly the wing lights appear, The plane comes banking out of the snow,ci past him with inches to spare, The sound recedes, then gr louder again - again it comes careening toward the parach Lindbergh seizes the shroud lines and pulls, The chute el down and away just as the wild plane is about to stick it nose in the silk, The plane spirals away again - then clo again - makes another pass - then crashes somewhere below Lindbergh floats on down, swinging in the icy wind, é