8) 14) dialog: Any idea what it is?
8) 16) dialog: O11% That's funny. Where would the oil come from?
8) 22) dialog: 
8) 25) dialog: You do, eh? (working himself up to that stroke) All right, men - I'll give it to you again! Some of youseem to think that these airplanes are garbage cans. When you joined this here army air service you married these planes! Now take care of them! Love tem, scrub 'em, shine ‘em, keep tem © in shape! A dirty airplane makes for a sloppy pilot! And I'm not gonna have any sloppy pilots graduating from this here field! During this harangue the SOUND of an approaching plane he become increasingly louder. The Captain does not like to @rowned out. He looks up angrily. Circling over the field is Lindbergh's Jenny. It's in pitiful shape. The engine knocks and spits. The fuselage cloth is patched all over - the struts held together with baling w and splints. The lettering (SLIM'S SPECTACULAR SKY-RIDES 15 MINUTES - 3 DOLLARS) is worn and peeling. Lindbergh gets “peady for a landing. He doesn't look much better than his plane - his greasy helmet coming apart at the seams, his goggles awry on the top of his head. The Captain and the cadets watch the horrible crate set elegantly down on the field and taxi toward them. The Jen comes to a stop, radiator steaming. Lindbergh climbs out. The Captain - beet-red by now - strides toward Lindbergh, his Adjutant in tow. CAPTAIN: ‘ Youl You can't set that thing down here. Don't you know what this field is? sir.
8) 29) dialog: Oh, nos
8) 35) dialog: How do you think I feel!
8) 38) dialog: These papers say that you assigned to this field -- ‘okay -- but I will not tolerate this filthy erate of yours at this air field! anwhile, the inner tube of one of the Jenny's tires is sping out and blossoming into a balloon.
8) 40) dialog: Get ‘er outta hereJ
8) 42) dialog: (exploding, too) She's -- Get ‘er out! Push ‘er, pull ter, tow ‘er, but get ‘er outta here.
8) 44) dialog: That does it! That does it! I'ma patient man, but I'll give you exactly thirty seconds to get that filthy crate of yours out of here. \dbergh runs to the Jenny, pulls the ignition wire, spina Pe The engine fires, the Jenny begins to move. wgh ducks under the wing, vaults into the cockpit cowboy- 16, clanks down the field and takes off. (CONTINUED)
8) 45) text: at the air-borne 8. Suddenly snny has come 3 Captain. k back to Je DISSOLVE BACK To: