0) 13) text: pecking at typewriter. He speaks aloud:
0) 18) text: "“arter making final inspection of his plane The Spirit of St. Louis, Lindy -- (pause) returned to his hotel room early this evening, tell- ing reporters he had nothing to say. The airmail pilot went directly to his room on the second floor where he went to bed, His friend, Frank Mahoney, of Ryan Aircraft is stationed outside his door, guard- ing against any disturbance. The whole world is waiting breathlessly to learn the outcome ---"
0) 23) text: Te
0) 35) text: Mahoney clicks the door shut. The room is dark again, Lindbergh lies still - staring into the darilmess, "Rio R is still HEARD.
0) 60) dialog: 15, DOLLY SHOT LINDBERGH TO CAMERA i ‘ LINDBERGH: E : Burt! P
0) 67) text: Burt goes to phone in box on pole. : BURT: i Hello, Hochstetter? This is Burt, Slim's down here all right. Any warning from Chicago? Nothing? You | sure? All right. Le . (hangs up --. to Lindbergh) : ' Nothing from Chicago, Slim, : LINDBERGH: L. Well I guess it's still open then, i
0) 70) text: oD “THE SPIRIT OF ST, LOUIS" 1/8/57 FINAL 6. 15 (Cont.) Lindbergh finishes filling the tank, Jumps down and goes propeller,
0) 83) text: (into phone) Peoria Airport. Burt speaking. Yeah? He's just taking off. ‘ (CONTINUED )
0) 85) text: wleperes
0) 86) text: serene ene stern
0) 120) text: "THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUT ist 1/8/57
0) 133) text: Re
0) 147) text: Well, bughouse} Just, just plein pughouse! They didn't even get ten feet up. How come?
1) 0) text: It's all very primitive. A wooden counter, six stools. A wall phone on one of the rough pine walls. On a shelf bes the phone a fish bowl with some coins in it and a sign re ing CALLS FIVE CENTS. Tacked on the other side of the pho a map of the eastern half of the United States. There are snapshots of pilots and planes. A radio with a loud-speak horn plays BABY FACE. Louie is pouring hot water into the coffee urn. Jesse, th eolored cook, is scraping the grease off the hamburger griddle, mumbling a scat accompaniment. to BABY FACE. Lindbergh enters the shack.
1) 25) text: Yeah. It's built to fly nonstop a long ways. Like! for instance from here to St. Louis to New York. He dramatizes his point on the-map tacked next to the pho he puts his thumb on St. Louis and spans the hand until t tip of his pinky reaches New York.
1) 27) text: "THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOvIS” 1/8/57 FINAL 13. 19 (Cont.1)
1) 38) text: CAMERA PICKS up Lindbergh entering bank.
1) 71) text: Looe
1) 75) text: Mr. Lindbergh, we've been going over your outline of the project. Now you say here on page one, "...in order to show the potent- ialities of flight ... in order to dramatic= ally demonstrate to the public the possibilities of comnercial aviation ..."
1) 78) text: Lindbergh is desperately trying to light the cigar. - BIXBY s You say," ... aviation is no longer a new-born . baby, but it is in danger of becoming a dwarfed stepchild unless capital has enough foresight to..." ‘Lindbergh is still struggling with the cigar. Knight lea down and whispers into his ear. .
1) 100) text: (CONTINUED)
1) 119) text: Bixby goes back to his doodle. The word SPIRIT is written now. He strikes out the words STATE NATIONAL BANK. It now reads SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS.
1) 129) text: “THE ‘SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1 8/57 we: FINAL . pe - 22(Cont.5)
2) 0) text: It is a modern suite for the period. Lindbergh walks up. the secretary's desk. She is typing away.
3) 12) text: Well, sir, it's about the purchase of the Bellanca. You quoted us a price.
3) 16) text: Well, sit down.
3) 20) text: 27(Cont.1) “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57
3) 24) text: We can take care of that right here in New York. As to the flight, I haven't made up my mind as yet who the pilot should be.
3) 30) text: We can't just have anybody flying our plane over the ocean.
3) 31) text: Well, is the airplane for sale or isn't t? (CONTINUED)
3) 45) text: 28 (Cont.) “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS” 1/8/57 FINAL 25.
3) 106) text: Oh, that's the guy that designs them. Donald Hall. He's our Chief Engineer. He's the best in the business. Hall has come down the stairs. He is very preoccupiede
3) 137) text: A series of shots showing the dozing plant springing into action. Under the supervision of Mahoney, a full contingent of sk workers moving in - machinery being oiled and readied - building materials being assembled = spars and struts sawed - fuselage tubing being fitted - sheets of wing covering cut = gas tanks being welded. In the balcony office Hall is drafting plans, Lindbergh laying out his navigation charts. The connecting link through this montage is the mongrel d we saw sleeping in the sun when Lindbergh first arrived. dog, baffled by the sudden hubbub, is trying to find a qu corner - growling at the workmen, at the tools and the machinery - they always seem to be in his waye From the welter of activity, the skeleton of the fuselage slowly emerges, resting on wooden horsese At the end of this montage - Mahoney walking up the stair Hall's ‘office, a “a blueprint in his hand. He almost ste the dog at the top of the stairs. The dog growls and maké his way down the stairs to find another refuge. Mahoney p ceeds into Hall's office. HALL'S BALCONY OFFICE ‘ DAY ‘ Hall is drafting specifications. At another table Lindber is bent over navigation charts, lining out his routs and measuring off the time zones. Through the windows we can the busy shop below.s 5 Mahoney has come in with the blueprints. (CONTINUED)
3) 138) text: eo "THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 | pl PINAL 31. 32(Cont.)
3) 210) text: The plane is nearing completion. The covered fuselage rests on its landing gear - The engine is being hoisted into place - The propeller is being mounted - The dappled silver cowling is being screwed on.
4) 0) text: The entire Ryan crew stands in a helf circle around the Spirit of St. Louis. Lindbergh, Hall at his side, is maki a little speech. (CONTINUED)
4) 2) text: ce
4) 29) text: Have you heard?
5) 0) text: Lindbergh stands numb, the receiver in his hand, Mahoney Hall watching him.
5) 19) text: Lindbergh's eyes turn to the open shop door. He sees the and the photographer all set for the group picture.
5) 86) text: “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 FINAL 3. 7 (Cont. )
5) 103) text: Rev 50. Sl. _ “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 FINAL °
5) 132) text: Nonsense, I can land fine, I've got a special prayer for landings. v : LINDBERGEH: ° - Don't you think you need a little more than that? (CONTINUED)
5) 159) text: ' You get any sleep?
5) 165) text: Suppose what? :
5) 193) text: Check. . :
5) 195) text: Cheek, : .
5) 212) text: Iwo emergency flares.
5) 216) text: What's the latest on the weather?
5) 227) text: Goldsborough, the gum-chewing instrument expert, climbs d out of the cockpit.
5) 230) text: I got this one from the office, but itts not right.
5) 231) text: Oh no, it's too big, too heavy. What you nped's “a small pocket mirror, (turns to the crew) Anybody got a little mirror - about two inches square?
5) 239) text: He takes the mirror and hands it to Goldsborough.
5) 244) text: Well, you see, this is a magnetic compass and we have no room to put it over there so we put: it right above my head, So in order to read it, I'11 look into your mirror, . (a : che) : GIRL: © he
5) 251) text: It's so bare, (CONTINUED)
5) 266) text: That's right. Except I hope I'm not gonna have to use it that way.
5) 269) text: Not really, Well, I guess I'd better get out of your way. (she climbs out of the cockpit)
5) 281) text: Yeah. : ‘ mo . j . MAHONEY: . Slim, why don't you postpone it for another twenty- four hours? You'd be sure about the weather then. Give you a chance to sleep some, too.
6) 0) text: Lindbergh stends slone outside the hangar by the small re door, It is drizzling. He is scanning the horizon - looki toward the east - where Europe lies - and Paris. The firs touch of day is seeping into the dismal sky. He stands th . for awhile, then walks back into the hangar.
6) 11) text: Let's roll her out.
6) 12) text: The hanger bursts into action. A truck is being backed up to the tail of the Spirit. They start hitching it up. The rope comes down, The policemen move the crowd away from t door, Slowly the truck tows the Spirit out of the hangar, crewmen walking along on both sides. :
6) 18) text: a @ On foot, looking down the muddy runway.
6) 23) text: They signal to the driver of the coupe, who pulls up. The get in the care
6) 27) text: 63. EXT. RUNWAY a Se , DAWN | Goupe spla shes down muddy runway, stops.
6) 33) text: WAY Yeah. Mehoney hands handkerchief to Lindbergh, who ties it to s (CONT INUED)
6) 39) text: Aren't you slicing it a little thin? Can you roll her to a stop before you pile up against those trees? oo
6) 42) text: "THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" © 248/57 65( ) mane Cont. os LINDBERGH : @ : Put them under the seat. Mahoney takes the bag of sandwiches over to’ the cockpit. ” MAHONEY: ‘One hard-boiled egg on white, two roast beef - two ham on rye. :
6) 43) text: 4 Mahoney is about to put them under the wicker seat. He lo around to make sure that Lindbergh isn't watching. He ope the bag, quickly takes the St. Christopher medal out of h the se and drops 3 it: into the bag. Then he puts the bag e seat. : . .
6) 50) text: They grin at each other. ” Landbergh puts on his ‘helmet, the goggles up on his forehead, and climbs into the cockp without closing 1 the door behind him.
6) 51) text: “Gés is on, switch is off. The mechanic winds the propeller.
6) 53) text: ‘@ “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8 FINAL ne 65 (Cont.1)
6) 59) text: . ‘(shouting back) That's. -all. Nothing mechanical. ‘Lindbergh revs the engine once. more, then idles ite Newsreel men end still photographers jump into press plan to take off after Lindbergh. _ In the cockpit Lindbergh once more surveys the ‘punwey - is the white fleg - on one side of the ruftiway an ambula ‘has driven up close to the telegraph poles -- on the oth side of the runway a fire truck is waiting. Men stand ready to jerk the chocks from under the wheels. Pushers, six on each side, stand behind the struts to hel the plane get going in the mud. Lindbergh fastens the safety belt. He pulls his goggles d puts his. hand on the door and looks at his friends once
6) 69) text: 4 _**MaHowEY: Lo Gut tt, Slim! _ a But Lindbergh does “not cut it, ' The plane racks on down the field toward the telegraph po the trees. . Lindbergh draws the stick back in one last desperate effo The Spirit answers to his will - the engine hammering - i lifts off the ground and this time it stays.- claws its w up and up - hurls the five thousand pounds over the poles the trees - clearing them by inches. One wheel scrapes a leaving 1t swinging wildly. . (CONTINUED)
6) 70) text: IE blew eub oe
6) 71) text: ie
7) 0) text: Mehoney is packing up Lindbergh's suitcase.
7) 3) text: The front page reads: DAILY MIRROR - EXTRA - soo ae LINDY IS OFF} ‘s
7) 5) text: sate to eerey . CANA Epona Aue mpage etnias
7) 14) text: a LINDBERGH'S VOICE: Almost two hundred miles gone.
7) 24) text: The fly is on the bag.
7) 57) text: The’ Spirit flies in from the sea, It 1s not an inviting coastline: desolate and cold, dotted with myriad bleak la Lindbergh takes out the map and checks it against the con of the coast below, % The inked line of his route runs the length of the big is labeled NOVA SCOTIA, He finds his position on the map. “ LINDBERGH'S VOICE: Nova Scotia --. Now I won't have to turn back here. It's as clear as the sun, Open sky. Open sky to Newfoundland. Six miles off course. That's six miles after two hundred miles of water. If I held this margin of error how far off course would I be when I hit Ireland? Let's see, it's nineteen hun- dred miles across the Atlantic so that would, that'd be sixty miles off at Ireland. Well, I'll settle for that. Er, nothing too wrong with this dead reckoning navigation except maybe the name. He checks the compass in the mirror, corrects the heading checks the time on the panel clock, switches valves on th Lunkenheimer system, marks the fuel chart. Shots of the Spirit flying over Nova Scotia. Lindbergh in the cockpit looks through the window and see - a man ona motorcycle, riding down a primitive Nova Scot road, As he rides, he waves up to the plans. - i From the cockpit Lindbergh waves back. . (CONTINUED)
7) 61) text: "THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUzS" 3/8/81
7) 66) text: Well, I'm interested,
7) 70) text: Five hundred. Cheap enough.
7) 80) text: the boot. \
7) 82) text: Ever flown a Jenny?
7) 85) text: You wanna pull ‘er through for me?
7) 95) text: Lindbergh is going for a take-off. It's a miserable try. His tail goes too high - he bangs it on the ground - swer left and right - bounces up, bumps down - almost ground- loops. fo the salesman's horror, the plane appears to be heading smack dab for the broadside of a big barn. After a futile yell, the salesman runs for the motorcycle, calling the mechanic. . .
7) 98) text: In a cloud of dust, the motorcycle chases the bounding pl around the barn and somehow gets caught in front of it on the way back. Cutting away sharply to avoid getting run o the cycle spills, while thes plane rumbles to a halt a fe hundred feet away. The bresthless salesman limps over to Lindbergh who is sitting calmly in the cockpit. a SALESMAN : Hey! You plumb gone nutty in the head?
7) 100) text: Whattaya tryin' to do? ci LINDBERGH: I'm trying to get off the ground.
7) 105) text: 89(Cont.2) “PHE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 FINAL 71.
7) 137) text: "EHE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 ° PINAL 4 6/ oT 90(Cont. ) 91. LINDBERGH'S VOICE: (Cont.) St. John's is the key bearing to Ireland. Almost seven o'clock. St. John's is down there. Not too far ahead if we're on courses Now there might be a ceiling tothis stuff. Do I take a chance and let down’ That chart doesn't tell m. how high the mountains are here. How deep can I go.without wrapping us around a peak? Well, there's one way to find out. - The above speech is.accompanied by SHOTS OF THE PLANE flying through dense. fog, of the fly. on the instrument panel, of Lindbergh peering vainly through the periscope or the windows. The Spirit glides down through the fog. The engine is moffled. The wind sings through the struts. Lindbergh, tense in the shrouded cockpit, watches the periscope mirror, glances out the window, checks the . instruments for his rate of descent. « In the periscope mirror there is nothing but gray mist rushing at the plane. Suddenly the gray begins to lighten -- turning to white - then the fog is gone and land is close below. Lindbergh opens the throttle, levels off the plane. He is relieved, but does not relax. The Spirit flies over desolate lakes on a nigh plateau. - -then the land falls away abruptly and below in the sun lies St. John's. INT. PLANE a LINDBERGH: ~ ‘ St. John's! . . (to fly) ” Come. on over here and look at this. He takes. out chart. and traces. course. The fly settles ‘the chart. . 2
7) 151) text: He corrects the compass heading. and? . The Spirit flies on toward the boundless horizon where is falling. H Lindbergh dons the helmet, pulls the goggles over his eye zips the suit up, takes out the flashlight, tests it, put
7) 171) text: Then I'll give you my parachute and it'll float you down like a great big umbrella. te OLD FARMER: . Whet if she didn't open, the big umbrella? Then : what? 5
7) 172) text: I'm glad you brought it up, Dad, because if any- thing like that. happens you get double your money back! (another boff)
7) 174) text: (a) (b) (e) (a) .An old Indian chief - sitting wooden-faced in the Lindbergh in the rear cockpit of the Jenny, the 01d Farmer in the front cockpit. Lindbergh loops the plane. The farmer loves ite : A newlywed couple - the bride clinging to her groom, her veil whipping in the wind into the rear cockpit over Lindbergh's face. He brushes it aways Jenny - his elbows out, his index fingers thrust into his éars. Smell airfield. Night. The Jenny stands on the line, engine running, Lindbergh in the cockpit. From another plane a couple of men rush toward the Jenny, carrying film.cans. The cans are labeled DEMPSEY - FIRPO. They dump the cans into the Jenny, the chocts are pulled and Lindbergh takes off. —
7) 178) text: 97 98. “(HE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 . FINAL TT.
7) 197) text: © They both laugh. He lies down néxt to Lindbergh.
7) 203) text: 996 100. 101. 102. 98(Cont.1) “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57
7) 208) text: The two pilots lie quietly - looking up. In the pink sky a flock of birds wheel and play. .
7) 210) text: AIR CURCUS MONTAGE an Country fair grounds, people afoot and in stands watching two brightly painted, multi-colored airplanes stunting . ageinst a bright blue sky.. One plane is lettered "DAREDE LINDBERGH," the other "CAPT. GURNI...FRENCH WAR ACE." A: series of spins, rolls and loops, with the planes trailin vari-colored smoke streamers; there are shots of wing wal and a plane-to-plane transfer, climaxed by a rapid-fire - series of parachute drops, each. jumper releasing several brightly colored chutes in succession as he drops. These shots. are INTERCUT with shots of the fascinated, applaud crowd and the whole seqience ends in an eruption of color toy balloons soaring to the sky and filling the screen.
8) 0) text: Lindbergh at the controls, still talking to himself, fighting to keep awake. He pulls down goggles, looks out of window, then back to instruments. As he talks, he adjusts fuel valves, etc.
8) 1) text: Sixteenth hour. Seventeen hundred miles back into yesterday, back to New York. Here there's nothing, nothing but the sound of the engine.
8) 3) text: Ah "?HE SPIRIT OF ST.LOUIS" 1/8/57 pl FINAL 80. 102 (Cont.) gs3 LINDBERGH'S VOICE: ‘® It's turning sixteen hundred and twenty-five revolutions a minute. That's more than eight hundred explosions every minute in every cylin- der -- how many explosions in nine cylinders. That's seven thousand a minute -- that's almost half a million an hour -- There's twenty hours to go -- ten million ex- plcsions - ten million blasts of white hot flame against red-hot metal before I land... How can an engine stand such torture? -- What if a cylinder cracks? Valve stuck -7 a \ bearing burned out? : — Exhausts flaming, the engine roars on. SHOTS of the Spiri over the night ecean. . Lindbergh listens to the throb of the engine, watches the instruments closely. His tired eyes scan the instruments. through the goggles - the glass of the goggles reflect the luminous dials, the bobbing needles. LINDBERGH'S VOICE: . I - I only have to make it through this night. Tomorrow will take care of itself.
8) 4) text: His eyes are on the periscope. He sees a tiny white somet far away on the water. He sticks his head out the window to get a better look. The Thing has the shape of an ancient windjammer, white a snow - whiter yet by contrast with the dark ocean.
8) 8) text: nay . "THE SPIRTT OF ST. Lourst * FINAL L/e/sT Le 102 (Cont.1) 103.
8) 23) text: 48/57 Well -- what are we going to do about it? (no answer from the Cadet) What do you suggest, Bibbs?
8) 27) text: It's an army fields So get out of here!,
8) 37) text: Brittle, isn't she?
8) 45) text: at the air-borne 8. Suddenly snny has come 3 Captain. k back to Je DISSOLVE BACK To:
8) 47) text: heavy gloves. hand out to deeply of the the window. ‘turns the fe] iy ct .
8) 48) text: w onto the on her wings! the wing. There f the wing must grabbing on er? (CONTINUED)
8) 56) text: -to check the emergency equipment,
8) 60) text: FINAL aee> 106 (Cont.1)
8) 62) text: He draws a hunting Imife from the pouch, holds on to it. The wheels seem to be touching the crest of the waves - 1 almost, He pulls his goggles down, reaches for the throttle- read to cut the power, . He does not cut it, On top of the wing the ice splits, a big slab peels off, hurtles back against the fuselage and into the sea, Lindbergh, hand on the throttle, eyes on the water, ready ditch. At the crash of the ice, his head shoots up. He Imows the sound, He kicks the rudder hard, . The plane rocks violently - the wings perilously close to water. “ © More ice breaks off, batters against the fuselage, dr Lindbergh pulls back the stick. . The altimeter begins to climb. The Spirit, its icy shackles scaling away, rises slowly b into the sky, In the cockpit, Lindbergh lets the plane climb to about a thousand feet. - puts the knife away, pushes the goggles hangs the canteen on its peg, sits back in the wicker sea exhausted, He flies on for a little while - then suddenly realizes t situation,
8) 82) text: The unrelenting pulse of the engine is pounding at his co sciousness - a surf washing in and out, in and out. Under Lindbergh's eyes the instrument panel seems to catch the of sound, moves in close, the instrument dials looming la then falls away, throbs in close again. Lindbergh shakes head like a punch-drunk fighter. He takes cotton from his pocket, stuffs his ears, buckles his helmet tightly. The engine's beat is muffled - but it remains - an insist siren 's song, @ monotonous musical note in its measured and flow.
8) 84) text: The Spirit flies steadily on for awhile, the control stic bobbing a little. Very gradually the nose of the plane dr below the horizon, the wings tilt. : Lindbergh rolls slightly, does not awaken. The drone of the engine takes on a faster tempo, wind thr the struts rises to a whistle - the Spirit glides down in ‘ ever tightening spiral, doing an odd sort of ballet in descent - leveling for a moment sideslipping into the spi again. In the leaden sky a strange thing happens. From nowhere 2 wind pushes at the clouds - the clouds whirl - and sudden a shaft of sunlight creeps through the opening gulf, catc the falling plane in a brilliant spotlight. . In the cockpit, as the plane turns this way and that, the sunlight touches the compass mirror, reflects a dazzling beam against Lindbergh's closed eyes - snaps on and off a a hand were opening and closing a switch. o Lindbergh, in his sleep, turns his head to avoid the pu . wink of light - but there is no escaping the sunbeam - stabs again at his eyes. He opens his eyes for a fraction a second, closes them. The whistle of the twisting, (CONTINUED )
8) 88) text: “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57
8) 92) text: Lindbergh sees. something on the ocean below, suddenly sn alert, leans out of the window, staring intently. LINDBERGH'S VOICE: . _& ship's mast! Gulls follow ships. And if they get -- If I could get a --- Look there's some thing ‘ahead there. Those are fishing boats!.
8) 99) text: (screaming over noise of motor) Which way is Ireland? gen, cc . A men, immobile, stares agape. Lindbergh cuts the motor . circles again, dangerously low.
8) 104) text: (CONTINUED )
8) 109) text: as seen from plane.
9) 0) text: Lindbergh is jubilant. He waves out the window, at people below.
9) 6) text: (CONTINUED)
9) 9) text: “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 FINAL 92. 115 (Cont. ) 116. 117. 118. 119.
9) 19) text: “THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57
9) 30) text: ‘eo
9) 44) text: (CONTINUED)
9) 53) text: He eases the throttle back, the plane goes into a glide. e LINDBERGH'S VOICE: ’ . Don't stall it! Now don't. «=
9) 54) text: The air speed indicator blurs, He wipes his hand across his eyes - the instrument clears, blurs again. He guns th engine - shoots over the hangars - climbs, f
9) 57) text: a LINDBERGH'S VOICE: © : : Now straighten out. Straighten -- You're too . high, You're too fast. Slip it, slip it. He moves the controls, the plane cants over. (CONTINUED )
9) 61) text: “THE SPIRIT OF ST, LOUIS" 1/8/57 FINAL “96, 128 (Cont.) 129. 130.
9) 64) text: showing the St, Christopher medal,
9) 72) text: Lindbergh enters by a side door, followed silently and respectfully by a few French officials, He has taken off his flying coverall and helmet, carrying them over his ar He walks briskly and directly over to the Spirit, leaning his head against a wing strut for a moment as if in silen prayer. He gently fingers the rips and tears in the fuselage, as if they were living wounds, and pats it reassuringly. Turning away from the plane, he nods to the waiting offic and walks firmly toward the exit, :
9) 77) text: 4s marching TOWARD THE CAMERA. Lindbergh is in an automobile, The crowd is roaring. 1 ‘(c) ANOTHER VIEW OF THE STREET CAMERA PANS DOWN, showing the buildings all festively draped with bunting, while in the street the crowd continues to roar and cheer at Lindbergh. FADE OUT.