0) 18) text: "“arter making final inspection of his plane The Spirit of St. Louis, Lindy -- (pause) returned to his hotel room early this evening, tell- ing reporters he had nothing to say. The airmail pilot went directly to his room on the second floor where he went to bed, His friend, Frank Mahoney, of Ryan Aircraft is stationed outside his door, guard- ing against any disturbance. The whole world is waiting breathlessly to learn the outcome ---"
1) 0) text: It's all very primitive. A wooden counter, six stools. A wall phone on one of the rough pine walls. On a shelf bes the phone a fish bowl with some coins in it and a sign re ing CALLS FIVE CENTS. Tacked on the other side of the pho a map of the eastern half of the United States. There are snapshots of pilots and planes. A radio with a loud-speak horn plays BABY FACE. Louie is pouring hot water into the coffee urn. Jesse, th eolored cook, is scraping the grease off the hamburger griddle, mumbling a scat accompaniment. to BABY FACE. Lindbergh enters the shack.
3) 30) text: We can't just have anybody flying our plane over the ocean.
3) 31) text: Well, is the airplane for sale or isn't t? (CONTINUED)
3) 210) text: The plane is nearing completion. The covered fuselage rests on its landing gear - The engine is being hoisted into place - The propeller is being mounted - The dappled silver cowling is being screwed on.
5) 188) dialog: (reading the list) Two canteens of water.
5) 190) dialog: Log book.
5) 194) dialog: One imife,
5) 196) dialog: One seat cushion.
5) 198) dialog: One armbrust cup.
5) 208) dialog: Two flashlights,
5) 210) dialog: One box of ammonia amp fuels.
6) 59) text: . ‘(shouting back) That's. -all. Nothing mechanical. ‘Lindbergh revs the engine once. more, then idles ite Newsreel men end still photographers jump into press plan to take off after Lindbergh. _ In the cockpit Lindbergh once more surveys the ‘punwey - is the white fleg - on one side of the ruftiway an ambula ‘has driven up close to the telegraph poles -- on the oth side of the runway a fire truck is waiting. Men stand ready to jerk the chocks from under the wheels. Pushers, six on each side, stand behind the struts to hel the plane get going in the mud. Lindbergh fastens the safety belt. He pulls his goggles d puts his. hand on the door and looks at his friends once
6) 69) text: 4 _**MaHowEY: Lo Gut tt, Slim! _ a But Lindbergh does “not cut it, ' The plane racks on down the field toward the telegraph po the trees. . Lindbergh draws the stick back in one last desperate effo The Spirit answers to his will - the engine hammering - i lifts off the ground and this time it stays.- claws its w up and up - hurls the five thousand pounds over the poles the trees - clearing them by inches. One wheel scrapes a leaving 1t swinging wildly. . (CONTINUED)
7) 95) text: Lindbergh is going for a take-off. It's a miserable try. His tail goes too high - he bangs it on the ground - swer left and right - bounces up, bumps down - almost ground- loops. fo the salesman's horror, the plane appears to be heading smack dab for the broadside of a big barn. After a futile yell, the salesman runs for the motorcycle, calling the mechanic. . .
7) 98) text: In a cloud of dust, the motorcycle chases the bounding pl around the barn and somehow gets caught in front of it on the way back. Cutting away sharply to avoid getting run o the cycle spills, while thes plane rumbles to a halt a fe hundred feet away. The bresthless salesman limps over to Lindbergh who is sitting calmly in the cockpit. a SALESMAN : Hey! You plumb gone nutty in the head?
7) 137) text: "EHE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS" 1/8/57 ° PINAL 4 6/ oT 90(Cont. ) 91. LINDBERGH'S VOICE: (Cont.) St. John's is the key bearing to Ireland. Almost seven o'clock. St. John's is down there. Not too far ahead if we're on courses Now there might be a ceiling tothis stuff. Do I take a chance and let down’ That chart doesn't tell m. how high the mountains are here. How deep can I go.without wrapping us around a peak? Well, there's one way to find out. - The above speech is.accompanied by SHOTS OF THE PLANE flying through dense. fog, of the fly. on the instrument panel, of Lindbergh peering vainly through the periscope or the windows. The Spirit glides down through the fog. The engine is moffled. The wind sings through the struts. Lindbergh, tense in the shrouded cockpit, watches the periscope mirror, glances out the window, checks the . instruments for his rate of descent. « In the periscope mirror there is nothing but gray mist rushing at the plane. Suddenly the gray begins to lighten -- turning to white - then the fog is gone and land is close below. Lindbergh opens the throttle, levels off the plane. He is relieved, but does not relax. The Spirit flies over desolate lakes on a nigh plateau. - -then the land falls away abruptly and below in the sun lies St. John's. INT. PLANE a LINDBERGH: ~ ‘ St. John's! . . (to fly) ” Come. on over here and look at this. He takes. out chart. and traces. course. The fly settles ‘the chart. . 2
7) 174) text: (a) (b) (e) (a) .An old Indian chief - sitting wooden-faced in the Lindbergh in the rear cockpit of the Jenny, the 01d Farmer in the front cockpit. Lindbergh loops the plane. The farmer loves ite : A newlywed couple - the bride clinging to her groom, her veil whipping in the wind into the rear cockpit over Lindbergh's face. He brushes it aways Jenny - his elbows out, his index fingers thrust into his éars. Smell airfield. Night. The Jenny stands on the line, engine running, Lindbergh in the cockpit. From another plane a couple of men rush toward the Jenny, carrying film.cans. The cans are labeled DEMPSEY - FIRPO. They dump the cans into the Jenny, the chocts are pulled and Lindbergh takes off. —
7) 210) text: AIR CURCUS MONTAGE an Country fair grounds, people afoot and in stands watching two brightly painted, multi-colored airplanes stunting . ageinst a bright blue sky.. One plane is lettered "DAREDE LINDBERGH," the other "CAPT. GURNI...FRENCH WAR ACE." A: series of spins, rolls and loops, with the planes trailin vari-colored smoke streamers; there are shots of wing wal and a plane-to-plane transfer, climaxed by a rapid-fire - series of parachute drops, each. jumper releasing several brightly colored chutes in succession as he drops. These shots. are INTERCUT with shots of the fascinated, applaud crowd and the whole seqience ends in an eruption of color toy balloons soaring to the sky and filling the screen.
8) 62) text: He draws a hunting Imife from the pouch, holds on to it. The wheels seem to be touching the crest of the waves - 1 almost, He pulls his goggles down, reaches for the throttle- read to cut the power, . He does not cut it, On top of the wing the ice splits, a big slab peels off, hurtles back against the fuselage and into the sea, Lindbergh, hand on the throttle, eyes on the water, ready ditch. At the crash of the ice, his head shoots up. He Imows the sound, He kicks the rudder hard, . The plane rocks violently - the wings perilously close to water. “ © More ice breaks off, batters against the fuselage, dr Lindbergh pulls back the stick. . The altimeter begins to climb. The Spirit, its icy shackles scaling away, rises slowly b into the sky, In the cockpit, Lindbergh lets the plane climb to about a thousand feet. - puts the knife away, pushes the goggles hangs the canteen on its peg, sits back in the wicker sea exhausted, He flies on for a little while - then suddenly realizes t situation,
8) 84) text: The Spirit flies steadily on for awhile, the control stic bobbing a little. Very gradually the nose of the plane dr below the horizon, the wings tilt. : Lindbergh rolls slightly, does not awaken. The drone of the engine takes on a faster tempo, wind thr the struts rises to a whistle - the Spirit glides down in ‘ ever tightening spiral, doing an odd sort of ballet in descent - leveling for a moment sideslipping into the spi again. In the leaden sky a strange thing happens. From nowhere 2 wind pushes at the clouds - the clouds whirl - and sudden a shaft of sunlight creeps through the opening gulf, catc the falling plane in a brilliant spotlight. . In the cockpit, as the plane turns this way and that, the sunlight touches the compass mirror, reflects a dazzling beam against Lindbergh's closed eyes - snaps on and off a a hand were opening and closing a switch. o Lindbergh, in his sleep, turns his head to avoid the pu . wink of light - but there is no escaping the sunbeam - stabs again at his eyes. He opens his eyes for a fraction a second, closes them. The whistle of the twisting, (CONTINUED )
8) 109) text: as seen from plane.
9) 53) text: He eases the throttle back, the plane goes into a glide. e LINDBERGH'S VOICE: ’ . Don't stall it! Now don't. «=
9) 57) text: a LINDBERGH'S VOICE: © : : Now straighten out. Straighten -- You're too . high, You're too fast. Slip it, slip it. He moves the controls, the plane cants over. (CONTINUED )
9) 72) text: Lindbergh enters by a side door, followed silently and respectfully by a few French officials, He has taken off his flying coverall and helmet, carrying them over his ar He walks briskly and directly over to the Spirit, leaning his head against a wing strut for a moment as if in silen prayer. He gently fingers the rips and tears in the fuselage, as if they were living wounds, and pats it reassuringly. Turning away from the plane, he nods to the waiting offic and walks firmly toward the exit, :