14) 9) dialog: Hey, you guys are milking that job.
15) 0) text: Bud turns from the window and crosses the drill floor.  T the rig.  THUNDEROUS MECHANICAL ROAR.  The drill crew, in plastered overalls, tend the massive spinning turn-table chamber.  The semi-automated system requires only five me others are LUPTON MCWHIRTER, DWIGHT PERRY, JAMMER WILLIS, DIETZ.  Bud hears his names called above the din by Jamme roughneck/diver who stands a good head taller than the re
15) 2) text: Bud!  Hippy's on the bitch-box.  It's a call from topside.  That new company man.
15) 3) dialog: Kirkhill?  That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.  Hey, Perry! One of the roustabouts, a wiry Texan, turns to him.
15) 4) dialog: Do me a favor and square away the mud hose and those cable slings.  This place is starting to look like my apartment. Perry chuckles and sets to the task cheerfully.  Bud EXIT through a low watertight hatch.
16) 0) text: Bud tromps down the narrow corridor, his work boots gongi
16) 3) dialog: I'm coming.  Keep your pantyhose on. He enters his office, a tiny cubicle with stacks of paper gathering tech manuals and waterstained Penthouse fold-ou phone... punches down a line.
16) 4) dialog: Brigman here.  Kirkhill?  What's going on? (pause)
16) 5) text: I am calm.  I'm a calm person.  Is there some reason why I shouldn't be calm? HOLD ON Bud's expression, darkening, as he listens.
17) 0) text: The control module is a long narrow cabin like the inside packed with instrumentation.  At the end is a small bay w viewports.  Outside, at a 'Christmas tree' pipe installat can be seen welding.  He is accompanied by a large submer by a Remotely Operated Vehicle, or ROV, call LITTLE GEEK. underwater robot which operated on the end of a cable-lik It has a single video 'eye' in front, by which the operat machine.  The rig's ROV pilots is ALLEN 'HIPPY' CARNES, w window twiddling his joysticks and drinking coffee.  His BEANY, crawls contentedly around his shoulders.  The door Hippy jumps, slops his coffee.  Bud strides in.  Not calm
17) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch. He kicks a chair out of the way and slams his palm down o DIVER RECALL.  A SIREN, blasting through the water from a loudspeaker.
17) 2) dialog: All divers.  Drop what you're doing.  Everybody out of the pool.
20) 7) dialog: Folks, I've just been told to shut down the hole and prepare to move the rig.
20) 9) dialog: We're being asked to cooperate in a matter of national security.  Now you know exactly as much as I do.  So just get your gear off and get up to control.  There's some kind of briefing in ten minutes.
21) 5) dialog: Don't you guys have your own stuff for this type of thing?
21) 11) dialog: Look, I don't know what kind of a deal you guys worked out with the company, but my people are not qualified for this... they're oil workers.
21) 13) dialog: You can send down whoever you like, but I'm the toolpusher on this rig, and when it comes to the safety of these people, there's me... then there's God.  Understand?  If things get dicey, I'm pulling the plug.
22) 0) text: Bud stands beside the hatchway as the others file out tow They comment gravely as they pass...
27) 0) text: Bud, his feet propped up, uses joystick controls to 'fly' maneuvering against currents and around seafloor obstacle by the side-scan sonar display, with Hippy assisting in t Through the front viewport, Flatbed can be seen out ahead McBride appears on the bridge monitor, holding a sheet of MCBRIDE (on screen)
28) 0) text: Bud responds via video.
28) 1) dialog: Fred, huh?  I don't know.  Hurricanes should be named after women. McBride looks up as the bridge door opens.  Lindsey enter wet as a wharf rat and twice as pissed off.  Maybe Bud is
29) 0) text: Bud is surprised to see Lindsey's face appear on the moni
29) 2) dialog: (unpreturbed, almost cheerful)
29) 5) dialog: Wasn't up to me.
29) 7) dialog: Your rig?
29) 9) dialog: Yup, a Benthic Petroleum paid for it.  So as long as they're hold the pink slip, I go where they tell me.
29) 11) dialog: I'm switching off now.
29) 13) dialog: Bye. Hippy looks over him, trying very hard not to crack up.
29) 15) dialog: God, I hate that bitch.
34) 0) text: Bud and Hippy come in for a rousing chorus.
37) 0) text: Bud stop singing and snaps around at the mention of her n
37) 2) dialog: Oh no... you gotta be kidding me.
44) 2) dialog: Well, well.  Mrs. Brigman.
44) 4) dialog: You never did like being called that, did you?
44) 7) dialog: Who else? Lindsey leans past Bud to the gooseneck mike on the conso
46) 1) dialog: I can't believe you were dumb enough to come down.  Now you're stuck here for the storm... dumb, hot-rod... dumb.
47) 0) text: Bud catches up with Lindsey in the corridor, and through pace with here as she make here inspection.
47) 1) dialog: Then why'd you come down? She stops abruptly to look at a leaky pipe.  He almost sl moves on, climbing down the ladder to the lower level.
47) 3) dialog: Wow, you're right!  Us poor dumb ol' boys might've had to think for ourselves.  Coulda been a disaster. On the lower level landing, Lindsey opens a hatch into on rooms.  ROAR OF PUMPS AND COMPRESSORS.
48) 1) dialog: (yelling)
48) 4) dialog: I think you were worried about me.
48) 6) dialog: No, I think you were.  Come on, admit it.
48) 8) dialog: Oh, yeah, right... and you only had three years with me. She looks up at him.
49) 0) text: Darkness.  The door opens and Bud snaps on the light.
49) 1) dialog: My bunk's the only one I can guarantee won't be occupied.  You can grab a couple hours before we get there. Lindsey slips past him into his tiny state-room, the only rig.  Rank had its privileges.  His hand on the door is j eyes.  She notices his wedding ring, a massive band of pu (something your fiancee might have picked out if she had M.I.T.).
49) 3) dialog: I don't know.  Divorce ain't final.  Forgot to take it off. Bud stays in the doorway.  Lindsey takes a heaps of Bud's narrow bunk.  Start unconsciously straightening the room.
49) 5) dialog: Yeah, what's-his-name wouldn't like it.  The Suit.
49) 7) dialog: So what about "Michael" then... Mr. Brooks Brothers... Mr. BMW.  You still seeing him?
49) 9) dialog: What happened?
49) 11) dialog: I'll tell you what happened... you woke up one day and realized the guy never made you laugh.
50) 0) text: Bud barges into the tiny head and puts some soap on his r the ring off roughly and throws it into the toilet.  He r flush.  Can't do it.  Now really pissed off at himself, h toilet bowl, wrist deep in the chemical-blue water, and s He puts it on and washes his hands.  The right hand stays matter how hard he scrubs.
50) 1) dialog: Shit.
52) 7) dialog: Okay... Hippy's not going... McWhirter, you can run Little Geek. Bud pats the top of a small ROV, sitting next to its larg Geek.
52) 10) text: On the dive, you will do absolutely nothing without direct orders from me, and you will follow my instructions without discussion.  Is this clear?  Alright, I want everyone finished prep and ready to get wet in fifteen minutes. The rig crew disperses, picking up helmets and diving gea the diagrams of the Montana's interior layout.  Bud takes the others prepare.
52) 11) dialog: Look, it's three AM.  These guys are running on bad coffee and four hours sleep.  You better start cutting them some slack.
52) 13) dialog: Hey, you come on my rig, you don't talk to me, you start ordering my guys around.  It won't work.  You gotta know how to handle these people... we have a certain way of doing things here.
52) 16) dialog: Shut up and get your gear on. NEARBY, Monk comes over to pick his helmet up off the wor points to the heavy equipment case that says F.B.S. DEEP
54) 0) text: Eight divers ride the back of Flatbed like itinerant work the fields.  Bud and his civilian crew, Catfish, Finler, across from the SEALs.  They are in their gear and breath hooked in Flatbed's low-pressure manifold.
54) 1) dialog: Okay so far.
56) 11) dialog: Just get around so your lights are on the hatch.
57) 3) text: Sorry about this, little buddy.  Better you than me, know what I mean? Hippy nods and Perry drops Little Geek through the hatch feed out a length of tether.  Hippy picks up the control video screen, guiding the ROV toward the Montana's hatch.
62) 2) dialog: Let's go, guys. Bud's team leaves Flatbed, swimming forward.  The opening their lights.  Coffey moves inside.  Bud attaches one end line to a piece of pipe and moves into the wreck behind h
62) 3) dialog: Take it slow, stay on the line, and stay in sight.  Watch for hatches that could close on you, or any loose equipment that could fall. Jammer, Catfish, Finler, and Sonny follow him inside.
63) 0) text: They find themselves in the forward berthing compartment bunks.  The room is twisted and disheveled, with bedding bunks like the lolling tongues of dead dogs.  Papers floa eddying currents, letters, pages from paperback novels, p Bud pays out the line and follows Coffey forward.  As the Coffey pounds with a tool, listening.  All flooded.
65) 3) dialog: How you guys doing?
65) 6) dialog: We're here now.  Let's get her done. We see Bud working, calming them, talking them through it rivers in his helmet, not looking too steady.  His projec others is his own salvation. Coffey pauses in the doorway to the communications room.
66) 1) dialog: Okay, Cat, Lew, Sonny.  You guys stay on this deck.  Hook you line onto mine.  Any problem, you tug my line.  Two pulls.  Jammer, you're with me. Bud drops down through the hatch to the level below, foll barely fits through.  Catfish hooks his safety line onto carabiner and move along the corridor with the others.
69) 0) text: Bud leads Jammer through a long, claustrophobically narro on the walls and hatches periodically.  After he taps, he moments.  There are no answering taps.  They open doors a into the rooms.  The are bodies, but they seem anonymous. in khaki or blue.  They undog and open a hatch.  Beyond i chamber of the sub, the...
70) 2) dialog: Missile compartment.  Those are the launch tubes. They sweep their lights around the chamber.  Jammer turns illuminating a body just beyond the door.  A coveralled s slowly in the eddying current.  Small albino crabs crawl man's face.  One scuttles out of his gaping mouth.
70) 4) dialog: Hey, you okay? Bud goes to him.  Gets up close to his face.  Sees that h hyperventilating.  Fighting nausea.  Bud grabs him by the
70) 5) dialog: Deep and slow, big guy.  Deep and slow.  Just breathe easy.
70) 7) dialog: I'm taking you back out.
70) 9) dialog: Okay, Jammer.  No problem.  You stay right here. I have to go there to the end... you'll see my lights.  We'll stay in voice contact.  Just hold onto the rope.  Five more minutes.  Okay?
72) 0) text: Bed negotiates his way through the tangle of wreckage nea missile compartment.  He goes down a stairwell to the low FEET AWAY, Jammer loses sight of Bud's dive-lights.  He s nervous.  Suddenly his own lights begin to DIM, flickerin They become little orange candles, the filament barely gl closes in.
72) 3) dialog: Jammer?  Answer me, buddy,  JAMMER?! He reaches Jammer only to find him thrashing violently in Bud grapples with him.
72) 4) dialog: Hang on, big guy.  Hand on! Catfish, Sonny, and Finler arrive from the corridor a mom leap into the fray.
72) 5) dialog: He's convulsing!
72) 8) dialog: SHIT, it's stuck... goddamnit!
72) 10) dialog: Yeah, yeah... yeah.  It's turning. Jammer's convulsion ends.  He goes limp.
72) 11) dialog: We gotta get him out of here.  Come on! (to Jammer)
72) 12) text: Hang on, buddy. They drag Jammer's slack form into the corridor, hauling back along the lifeline. INT./EXT. CAB ONE &amp; MONTANA SAIL Lindsey is approaching the monolith of the sail, maneuver horizontal diving plane.  Then her lights go dim and her power. Suddenly a bright corona breaks around the bulk of the sa appears right in front of her, a glowing object moving li hell right at her!  It is slightly smaller than submersib a glimpse.  What we think we see in the diffuse glow is a open at the front with a spinning vortex of light inside. hallucinatory jet engine.  And it's hauling ass. Lindsey jinks left.  The object jogs right.  She fights t sub slews around, slamming broadside into the sail.  K-BA back up.  Righting Can One, she spins to look through the time to see the object racing away in a broad arc.  It pu and dives straight down. We see the object zip behind Flatbed.  One Night can't se spirals down into the darkness like a hit-and-run drunk, wall into the abyss until it is lost to view. HOLD ON Lindsey excited, amazed... dazed.  Her hands are Bud's voice blares out over the open frequency.
72) 13) dialog: CAB ONE!  CAB ONE!  Meet me at Flatbed!  This is a diver emergency!!  Do you copy?  Lindsey?! She has a hard time focusing on what he's saying.  Finall
73) 0) text: Jammer is unconscious on a folding cot set up in the tiny infirmary.  Monk, who is cross-trained as a medic as well man, has hung an IV of something.  Bud and the SEAL are i others hovering outside.
73) 1) dialog: Whattya think?
75) 1) dialog: Did you get anything on the cameras.  Video or anything?
75) 3) dialog: Fine.  Be that way.
75) 5) dialog: But you think it's something else.  What?  One of ours?
75) 7) dialog: Whose then?  Lindsey?  Talk to me... Lindsey is wrestling with a feeling which is somehow also
75) 9) dialog: His mixture got screwed up.  He panicked and pranged his regulator.
75) 11) dialog: What do you think he saw?
77) 0) text: Bud, Lindsey, and Hippy walking along the corridor, Hippy incipient paranoia.
77) 1) dialog: What's the matter with you?
77) 5) dialog: Hippy, just relax.  You're making the women nervous.
77) 8) dialog: Hippy, you think everything's a conspiracy.
77) 11) dialog: Goddamnit!  D'you tell him we need it right now?
78) 0) text: Bud clears the door in time to see an empty moonpool, roi He runs to the edge and looks down.  Flatbed is a vague s
78) 1) dialog: Unbelievable.
84) 3) dialog: It's on every channel. Bud switches again.  Reception is getting worse as the st satellite down-link to Explorer.  THE SCREEN shows a repo street, stopping people at random.  Their answers are edi
87) 0) text: Flatbed surfaces in boiling foam.  The rig crew are all w crack pit-crew Bud's people leap onto Flatbed while its d and start to work on to Navy divers, unsealing their helm their umbilicals.  Hippy and Bud start to untie a cylindr in one of the SEAL's gear bags.  Coffey emerges from the
87) 3) dialog: Coffey, we're a little pressed for time.
87) 5) dialog: This ain't no drill, slick.  Make me proud.
94) 1) text: Bud to control!  Emergency!  Bud to Control! Bud claws his way up the ladder to level two.  The rig BO as...
96) 0) text: Bud runs in, past Hippy, and grabs the mike.
96) 1) dialog: Topside, topside... pay out some slack, we're getting dragged!
98) 0) text: Lindsey has joined Bud, looking out the front viewport.
100) 2) dialog: What?  Say again.
101) 2) dialog: Rig for impact!  Seal all exterior hatches. Move it!  Let's go! VARIOUS ANGLES, QUICK CUTS, as everyone runs to comply: The rig crew pounding down the narrow corridors.  Diving hatchways.  Hatches are closed and the wheels spun down. ZIP-LOK BAG and seals it.
105) 0) text: All hell has broken loose.  SIRENS, SCREAMING, a KLAXON H Bud sprints from Control, bouncing off the corridor walls lurches and tilts.  The lights go out.  Emergency light c and falls, scrambles up, running on. IN THE LADDERWELL of trimodule C, Lindsey runs toward the K-BOOM!  A searing bright EXPLOSION in the electrical roo through the doorway.  She dashed to a seawater hose hangi to unroll it.  She sees Coffey and Schoenick in maintenan the mystery package.
112) 0) text: Bud comes pounding down the flooding corridor in time to drill room swirl above the pressure window, obscuring the trapped men.  He claws futility at the door.  The motors latching mechanism are on the opposite side.  Through the watches helplessly as they drown.  We don't see what he s what he sees.  Suddenly the bulkhead next to him gives wa torrent thunders in.  Bud is blown off his feet a hurled He scramble up somehow, splashing waist deep toward the o corridor where another of the hydraulic doors is closing not going to make it.  He reaches it a moment too late to Grabs the edge of the door and desperately tries to stop the strength of this arms.  It doesn't work.  The steel d fingers of his left hand, pinning them in the doorframe. But something amazing happens.  His wedding ring lodges b frame, preventing his fingers from being crushed and the sealing and locking. It resists tons of pressure, denting but not collapsing. The freezing sea pours in until only his head is clear.
112) 1) dialog: Heeyy!!  HHHEEEYYY!! ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR, Catfish and Sonny come pou his face at the tiny window and his hand jammed in the do a crowbar in the narrow opening and starts to pry.  Catfi jackknife and slashes the hydraulic hoses on the door act sprayed with red hydraulic fluid, machine blood. Together they force open the door.  Bud is blown through water.  Sonny is thrown back into some pipes.  Breaks his Together they somehow heave the door shut manually, cutti Catfish hammers the fail-safe latch home with the crowbar Bud lies gasping and shivering... staring at the tiny ban saved him.
113) 2) dialog: Forget it, Sonny.  They're gone.
114) 0) text: Bud walks down the corridor from control, slowly... as if weight.  The air is still thick with smoke.  The power of lit by emergency lights.  Makeshift quarters have been se hall, with blankets laid out on the tables, and with fold storage room across the hall.  Jammer is still unconsciou Schoenick bring Monk in on a stretcher, and set him up on conscious but dazed with painkillers, his led splinted.
114) 1) dialog: Did you find Wilhite?
114) 4) text: I was under orders.  I had no choice. Coffey's manner is subdued, contrite.  A marked contrast brusque arrogance.  He's wrestling with his own loss, a s tight brotherhood of a SEAL unit.  Bud's anger is not dis can't address it now.  He moves on. PAST THE INFIRMARY, where Sonny Dawson is rigging a sling arm.  He cries out in pain, cursing at himself.  LOOKING as Bud crosses.  Down through the grill decking we can se of the module is flooded.  Catfish is down there welding, reflections through the chamber.
115) 0) text: Lindsey is working, up to her knees in water.  She is cov tools scattered around.  Bud puts his hand on her shoulde blows some hair out of her eyes.
115) 1) dialog: What's the scoop, ace?
115) 3) dialog: Need some help?
115) 5) dialog: What about O-2?
115) 7) dialog: The storm's gonna last longer than 12 hours.
115) 9) dialog: Hey, Lins... (she looks up)
115) 15) dialog: (to Hippy)
117) 2) dialog: (lets his breath out slowly)
117) 6) dialog: Yeah, for now.  Our first priority's to get something to breathe.
119) 0) text: Cab One is hanging from the overhead crane while One Nigh Bud is nearby, tending hose for the divers and handing he while they work.  Hippy is across the moonpool running Li
119) 3) dialog: There we were, side by side, on the same ship, for two months.  I'm tool-pusher and we're testing this automated derrick of hers.  So, we get back on the beach and... we're living together.
119) 5) dialog: We were due to go back out on the same ship. Six months of tests.  If you were married you got a state-room.  Otherwise it was bunks.
119) 7) dialog: It was alright for a while, you know.  But then she got promoted to project engineer on this thing, couple years ago.
119) 9) dialog: Well, you know Lindsey, too damn aggressive-- Son of a--!! He's jammed his fingers with a wrench torquing down a bol out.
119) 10) dialog: She didn't leave me... she just left me behind. She puts her arm around his shoulders, somehow managing t maternal and suggestive all at the same time.
121) 0) text: The emergency lights are dimming, like a brownout.  Bud g intercom mike.
121) 1) dialog: Lins, how're you doing?  Lindsey?
123) 1) dialog: Nice shot, Lins.
123) 4) dialog: If you say so.  It could be anything.
123) 14) dialog: Lindsey, will you step into my office for a minute...
124) 1) dialog: Jesus, Lindsey--
124) 3) dialog: Look.  I'm just trying to hold this situation together.  I can't allow you to cause this kind of hysteria--
124) 5) dialog: All I'm saying is when you're hanging on by your fingernails, you don't go waving you arms around.
124) 7) dialog: God, you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
124) 9) dialog: No.
124) 12) dialog: How can I go on a feeling?  You think Coffey's going to go on you 'feeling'?
124) 14) dialog: I can't, Lindsey.  I'm sorry.  How can I?
125) 0) text: Coffey has Bud, Lindsey and several of the rig crew gathe summit.  Lindsey is withdrawn, sitting far from the other exile.  They're all wearing warm clothes and hugging them breath shows in the air.
125) 9) dialog: 'Fish'?
125) 11) dialog: Take the first watch in sonar.  Hippy, you handle the exterior surveillance.  One Night, see if you can get that transmitter working for me, okay?
128) 3) dialog: Why bring it here?
129) 0) text: Bud catches up to her in the corridor, trying to put the
129) 2) dialog: Lindsey!  Wait a second-- She reaches the watertight door to Maintenance Room B.  I Bud can stop her she grabs a fire-extinguisher off the wa the steel door like a big gong.  BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM! Needless to say, it opens.  She pushes past Schoenick, se there naked.
129) 9) dialog: Emergency!  Maintenance room B.  Emergency! He pulls the fire alarm for good measure and spins on Cof with a look that is not to be messed with.  Coffey is bra worktable... an odd stance, with one arm behind his back. a crowd outside the door as Catfish, Hippy, One Night, an up.  Confrontation time. Sirens going.  About a million volts of electricity in th Schoenick.
129) 10) dialog: Let her go.  Do it... right now. He does.  Lindsey jerks away.  Rubs her arms.
129) 12) dialog: Chill out, Lindsey!!
129) 14) dialog: Nothing.  We were just leaving. (to her)
129) 15) text: Weren't we? ANGLE FROM BEHIND COFFEY, as Bud's group moves out of sig Hands behind his back.  In his hand, cocked, finger on th .45.  He turns and sets it on the table, steadying himsel he seems to sag.  When he looks at Schoenick, his eyes ar animal.  Voice shaky.
130) 0) text: Lindsey, Bud, Hippy.  Bud slows, letting them trail behin
130) 1) dialog: Lins, stay away from that guy.  I mean it.
130) 4) dialog: Look, the guy's operating on his own, cut off from chain of command.  He's exhibiting symptoms of pressure-induced psychosis.  And he's got a nuclear weapon.  So, as a personal favor to me... will you put your tongue in neutral for a while?
134) 0) text: The lights are down.  Those who can are grabbing some sle from one of the bunkrooms as Lindsey passes.  In the mess Bud are crashed out on the tables, wrapped in blankets. intense.  Water drips.  The walls sweat with condensation her breath as she makes coffee.  She carries a cup over t face in a pile of blankets.  A hand comes out, takes the
138) 0) text: LOOKING DOWN three levels through the central ladderwell cylinders.  The pseudopod enters and undulates upward. FROM INSIDE THE MAKESHIFT BUNKROOM, we see its tip extend Sonny and One Night are snoring, oblivious.  Jammer is st pseudopod, taking its time, checks them out and then move IN THE MESS HALL, it's dark and quiet.  Lindsey has even chair, her head buried in her arms on the table.  The shi enters the room in total silence.  It sways gracefully in It undulates across the room, hanging about five feet in everything.  It moves past Lindsey.  Sensing something, s turning... sees the apparition next to her. Her eyes go wide.  Amazement, but not fear.  The tentacle searching.  Lindsey shakes Bud awake, clapping her hand o Bud blinks twice, then freezes.  When she lowers her hand open like a total goon. Bud chucks his pillow are Catfish, on the next table. Catfish cracks one eye open.  Turns away.  Turns right ba now.  Sensing movement, the thing turn back toward them. recognize Lindsey.  It doubles back on itself in a loop a her.  She holds her ground, fascinated. The bulbous tip forms suddenly into a human face... her f still clear and undulating... but definitely Lindsey.  Sh The liquid-Lindsey gasps soundlessly... a perfect mimic o Lindsey laughs involuntarily.  It laughs... without sound face, sticking out her tongue... testing it. The liquid-Lindsey does the same.  Bud has just had the r under his sense of what is possible and what isn't, but h will, considering.
138) 1) dialog: (whispering)
140) 0) text: The water tentacle enters and moves toward the hot-wired the device for a few seconds.  Bud and Lindsey enter thro time to see the tentacle divide into four tendrils which warhead.  They begin to lift it off its cart.
144) 2) dialog: You done impressing yourself, ace?
144) 5) dialog: Maybe their whole technology is based on that. Controlling water. Coffey is hunched over, elbows on his knees.  His hands a arm is moving in a slow rhythm.  We can't see what he's d
150) 5) text: Please, you can't.  Coffey, think about what you're doing... for God's sake-- Coffey lets her approach him, his eyes glittering. Without warning he grabs her by the hair and hurls her ag machine, pinning her there with one hand.  Bud leaps forw
152) 3) dialog: We have to stop him!  Schoenick!! They pound on the door.  Schoenick turns and hangs his ca window.
154) 0) text: Lindsey is up next to the door, with Bud.
154) 5) dialog: Thanks.  How you feeling, big guy?
154) 7) dialog: Uh, okay, right.  You can tell us about it later.  Let's go.
155) 0) text: Bud drops down the ladder, INTO FRAME, followed by the ot door into the main corridor.  The wheel won't turn.  The Won't budge.
155) 1) dialog: He's jammed the mechanism.
155) 3) dialog: Okay, I'm gonna free-swim to hatch six... get inside, get the door open from the other side.
155) 5) dialog: Then I guess you better wish me luck, huh? Catfish is pulling his boots off as well.
155) 7) text: 'Case I don't die.  Okay, Bud... let's go, podner, I ain't got all day. Bud clasps him on the shoulder and starts hyperventilatin the water.
157) 0) text: Bud surges up into the lock.  Catfish jams into the tiny They try the upper hatch.  Jammed.  They're both panting and intense cold.
157) 1) dialog: Hafta... go on to... the moonpool.  Only way.
157) 3) dialog: Okay, Cat.  You head back. Bud hyperventilates rapidly and pikes over diving back ou
158) 0) text: Bud is stroking rapidly through the tangle of pipes and c lit rectangle of the moonpool far ahead.
159) 0) text: In the moonpool, Bud surface with an explosive gasp besid Flatbed.  His wracked breathing is masked by the WHINE of uses the external controls to extend Flatbed's big hydrau the Geek/MIRV in its gripper. Bud strokes to a point where Coffey can't see him and hea water onto the deck of the pool.  He lies gasping behind His limbs are wooden and unresponsive from the cold.  His completely numb.  He hugs himself, putting his hands unde Scans the situation.  He can't get to the door, which is without Coffey seeing him.
160) 0) text: Lindsey watching the whole thing going down, ON THE SCREE the sub bay... Bud moving up on Coffey.
161) 0) text: Bud chucks a tool across the chamber, creating a clatteri wades in with the pipe in a vicious swing to the back of taking him down.  Coffey spins even as he falls, catching kick that topples him. Grappling, they fall together into the freezing water. Coffey is momentarily stunned by the cold, giving Bud tim out, hoping to make it to the door. Coffey launches from the water and grabs him legs. He pulls himself up as Bud kick out.  Claws his way vicio body until he has him pinned to the deck.  Then he pulls Put it unceremoniously to Bud's forehead.
163) 0) text: Coffey pulls the trigger... CLICK.  Bud flinches, then op staring cross-eyed at the muzzle of the .45.  Coffey cock again.  CLICK.  Nothing.  Really pissed off beyond descri the commando off him with a powerful heave, sending him c a rack of equipment.  They face off, panting.
164) 4) dialog: (to Catfish)
164) 5) text: Get the door! Bud leaps across the water to land on Flatbed.  The hatch He grapples with Geek/MIRV, trying to free it from the st
167) 0) text: Flatbed is submerging, with only the hatch tower still ab is being dragged down, still trying to free the ROV.  He sees Hippy run in, waving the assault rifle around like a Bud climbs the hatch tower and leaps to the deck of the m Hippy clumsily raises the unfamiliar rifle at Coffey, vis viewing bubble beneath the swirling water.  Coffey looks gun... doesn't seem to care.
167) 8) dialog: Gimme a hand! They all turn.  Bud is fumbling into his wetsuit like a m rush over to help him.
167) 9) dialog: Get the rest of my gear.  Grab that hat there... let's go guys!  Come on, come on! Catfish slams a backpack onto Bud's shoulders, grappling hose connections.  Hippy and Sonny (with one hand) are cl buckling all over him.  This is a world-record suit-up ti rubber neck-dam of the helmet's lower ring down over his
167) 10) dialog: Helmet... helmet!  Work fast.
171) 0) text: Bud has his 'hat' locked down and his air cut on.  He tak to the edge of the pool and just drops in.
172) 0) text: Bud rockets DOWN INTO FRAME in a column of bubbles.  He l the lattice of conduit under the rig he can see Flatbed m its exit point under the stern.  Bud see a shortcut under He kicks along a lattice a pipes, heaving himself along i hand stokes.  He reaches for Flatbed's stern as it passes Misses the last hand-hold... but just manages to seize a behind it.  He is jerked along behind the sub. Bud holds on with both hands as he is buffeted in the wak thrusters.  Flatbed gathers speed, moving out toward the wall.  The current slams him, spinning him like a fishing himself forward slowly until he can grip the stern rail o LOW ANGLE, look up the wall.  Flatbed appears over the ed Hovering. ON THE BACK OF FLATBED.  Bud has the break he needs.  He deck and opens and equipment locker.  Nothing in it but o nylon safety lines.  The big arm begins to unfold, liftin
174) 0) text: Coffey releases the ROV with the gripper and makes a grab steel claw.  Bud dives.  The gripper hits his helmet a gl kicks away rapidly, letting nylon rope pay out.  We see h one end to Geek's skids.  Coffey hits the button to activ an acoustic pulse to Geek's transponder.  The little robo load of death, turns nimbly around and dives out and down Coffey pivots his bid machine toward Bud.  Bud strokes ra jumble of wreckage.  He loops the rope around a twisted p hauling ass away from him.  The line snap taut an instant strains, like a Rottweiler on a leash... trying to go.  T as Bud fights to make a knot. Flatbed slews around, thrusters whining.  As it banks, it sediment from the escarpment face. Through the front panel we see Coffey jerking on the cont The big arm extends menacingly.  The smaller from manipul enormous predatory instinct, its lights blaring. The big machine roars forward.  Straight at Bud. Bud gets his knot partly done.  See Flatbed looming. Glare-lit in its lights, Bud grabs a handlehold and pulls Coffey closes the last few feet. One manipulator slams into his backpack, tumbling him, an rakes across his legs as it passes over.  Flatbed crushes pipework.  K-CRUUUNCH!!
176) 0) text: Bud swims clear, diving down at an angle along the wall, Coffey's blind area.  Flatbed backs out of the wreckage i It pivots toward Bud.  Moves after him. Nearby, the ROV is whining mindlessly, trying to please. DETAIL OF ROPE attached to wreckage, as Bud's knot begins line starts to play through the knot slowly. BUD has gotten himself into a bad position.  Along the ba cliff wall he is naked, nailed in the spotlights like a r truck.  Coffey puts the hammer down, thrust levers all th Flatbed surges forward, multi-limbed and demonic.  There' side, up or down. Coffey has him head in his lights.  Suddenly a bright gla blinding Coffey.  He looks up to see Cab One rushing down throttle. At the last moment LIndsey slams the thrusters full-lock slews sideways, slamming its heavy skidplate into Flatbed smashed sideways by the shock.  He fights to control his looks up to see Coffey's sub gun it up over the wall, out cruises up over Bud.
177) 0) text: Bud flops over the lip of the hatch and slams it shut.  H Lindsey raises her vehicle warily above the wall.  Throug there is not sign of Coffey.
177) 2) dialog: Can we negotiate later?  There's Big Geek. He points.  Through the front port, they can see the ROV its leash.  Lindsey dives toward it, simultaneously worki open her own small manipulator claws. EXT. DEEPCORE/WALL, ETC. The last few feet of the rope slip through the knot. Big Geek happily surges forward.  It dives gracefully dow trailing the yellow rope like a kite tail. ONE CAB ONE, Bud and Lindsey through the front port.
177) 3) dialog: Go after it!  We gotta catch it! FLATBED DROPS INTO FRAME BEHIND THEM, dwarfing little Cab slammed viciously as Coffey's submersible hammers into th throttle.  Coffey floors it after Lindsey, ramming her fr more powerful vehicle.  With difficulty Lindsey maintains She arcs back toward the rig.  Flatbed slams her again, f fights for control.
178) 0) text: Bud is tossed around, ricocheting off the walls.  Lindsey jaw set.  Fighting hard for control.  The A-frame of the She shoots through at full throttle.
182) 2) dialog: Not good enough.  We still gotta catch Big Geek.
182) 4) dialog: You totaled it, huh?
182) 6) dialog: It's flooding like a son of the bitch.
182) 9) dialog: Try again.
182) 12) dialog: Wonderful. (looking around)
182) 15) dialog: Good hundred yards, I'd say.
182) 17) dialog: Yeah, but it's gonna take them a while to find us.  We better get this flooding stopped. He picks up his helmet and clicks on the light.  Using th flashlight.  The water is really pouring in, spraying the almost two feet deep already.
182) 19) dialog: Somewhere behind this panel.  Hold this. She takes the light and he tries to reach the burst weld, a steel switch panel and a bunch of conduit.
182) 20) dialog: Can't get to it.  Have to pull this panel off. You go any tools?
182) 22) dialog: Nothing.  Son of a bitch.  All I need's a goddamn crescent wrench. He grabs the panel in both hands and starts torquing on i it off the wall.  Heaves on it repeatedly.  Finally stops breathing hard now, and it's not just effort.
182) 23) dialog: Son of a bitch!
182) 25) dialog: Okay... okay.  We gotta get you out of here.
182) 27) dialog: I don't know how!
182) 29) dialog: I know!  I know!  But we better come up with something.
182) 32) dialog: Seven, eight minute swim each way... not enough time.  Look at this... (the rate of flooding)
182) 33) text: Time I get back you'll be-- That stops the conversation for a second.  About two feet Bud can't believe what this is coming down to.  They both for a long moment. He makes a decision.  Starts pulling off his backpack.
182) 34) dialog: Alright, put this on.
182) 36) dialog: Don't argue, goddamnit, just--
182) 38) dialog: Lindsey, just put the thing on and shut up--
182) 40) dialog: 
182) 43) dialog: What's the plan?
182) 45) dialog: 
182) 48) dialog: It is insane.
182) 50) dialog: Jesus, I don't believe this is happening. She raise his helmet.  Water up to their chins.  They loc apart.  He can feel her breath on his face... maybe for t
182) 51) dialog: Oh God, Lins... I--
182) 55) dialog: 
184) 0) text: Bud swims with long, powerful kicks, towing Lindsey.  Her as gracefully as seaweed waving in a gentle current.  Bud short rasps, breathing hard, but icy with control.
184) 1) dialog: Go to the infirmary... get the cart .. oxygen... de-fib kit... adrenaline in a... ten cc syringe... and some... heating blankets. You got all that?
184) 3) dialog: Meet me in the moonpool.  Move fast.
186) 0) text: Bud moves up toward the rectangle of light, towing Lindse platform.  Through the surface we can see the others arri looking down.
187) 2) dialog: Turn her over! They flip his wife's body over.  He straddles her, pushin hands in the middle of her back.  Seawater gushes from he does it again until the flow stops, then flips her onto h
187) 3) dialog: Come on, hurry!  Gimme the de-fib... One Night and Catfish are fumbling with the emergency car all been trained in CPR and use of the gear but that was friend they're working on.  They're all thumbs.  Catfish picks them up quickly, hands them to Bud...
187) 5) dialog: Jesus.  Gimme those, come on.  Catfish, move it, man!  Come on... come on! He slaps the things into Lindsey's bare skin, one on the the side of the rib cage.
187) 6) dialog: Is that it?  Is this right?
187) 8) dialog: All right.  Do it! One Night hits the switch and Lindsey's body convulses. reflex, and when it is over, there is not a hint of life. back and puts a black rubber oxygen mask over her mouth. on the cylinder and starts pumping the squeeze bag.  They electronic blankets around her to fight the intense hypot
187) 9) dialog: Do it again, One Night.  Zap her again! The current hits Lindsey again and her back arches.  Bud result... he's in his own reality now, driven.  He's doin somehow, in a senseless frenzy... pumping on her chest wi squeezing the oxygen bag, placing the electrodes.
187) 10) dialog: Aw.  Christ... come on, baby.  Again!  Do it again! Lindsey's back arches.  Her body relaxes, inert.
187) 11) dialog: Come on, One Night... what are you waiting for? A hush seems to have fallen over the group.  They know in over.  But Bud can't accept it.  He looks at them, beseec are somehow intentionally holding out on him.  One Night quietly.
187) 13) text: Bud, it's over, man.  It's over. There is a beat of silence.  Bud stares down into Lindsey motionless eyes. TIGHT ON LINDSEY'S EYES, moving in until the pupil FILLS REVERSE, HER POV.  SILENCE.  A distant, distorted image, Night, Jammer, Hippy, Catfish, staring down.  It is like a dark well, their faces shimmering as if through the sur as if we are in a well, descending, looking up at a circl smaller as we drop away... smaller and smaller, receding a point of light in the void, like the fading bright dot turned-off TV. TIGHT ON BUD, rigid, staring.  Catfish puts his hand gent Suddenly Bud tears Catfish's hand away and sets upon Lind renewing his efforts in spades... totally manic.
187) 14) dialog: No!  NO!  She's not... her heart is strong, she wants to live... can't you see that?  Come on, Lins.  Come on, baby!  Zap her again!  Do it... DO IT! They do.  And Bud works, feverishly.  He lock his lips ov mouth-to-mouth.  It is frantic, passionate... the kiss of
187) 15) dialog: Come on, breath!  Goddamn it, you bitch, you never backed down from anything in life... now fight! He slaps her face, hard.  Her head lolls.  He smacks her
187) 16) dialog: Fight, Goddamnit! LINDSEY's POV, from the bottom of the great well.  The ci light rockets toward us in the blackness, as we soar upwa see Bud yelling, but his voice is distant, windlike.
187) 17) dialog: 
187) 19) dialog: Come on, Lins.  You can do it... fight your way back, baby... The others look on in wonder as Bud wills this woman back She starts to cough, weakly at first... then more violent into her lungs.  Bud crouches over her, rubbing her limbs establish circulation.  It is like a difficult birth.  Li and howling back into the world, wet and naked and fighti Bud puts the oxygen mask over her face and she draws brea breath.  He pushes her wet hair back from her face with h and watches her breathe.  Color is returning to her skin gasping weakly. ONE THE GROUP... Catfish, Hippy, One Night, Jammer, the o all grinning, crying, beaming... gazing at the miracle of ON BUD... tears are streaming down his face.
187) 20) dialog: (a whisper, fierce and harsh)
188) 0) text: TIGHT ON LINDSEY, sleeping peacefully.  WIDER shows Bud h attentive.  They are alone in Bud's tiny cubicle.  Perhap have passed.  She is completely swaddles in blankets, exc and looks like a waif. Lindsey's eyes flutter and open.  The first thing she see over her.  He can't help himself.  The tears break again cheeks.  She seems terribly fragile, but bright and aware faintly... touches his cheek.
188) 2) dialog: Hi, lady.
188) 4) dialog: 'Course is worked.  You're never wrong, are you? How d'you feel.
188) 6) dialog: Well, you got that right.
189) 0) text: TIGHT ON BUD'S EYES, as Monk's fingers insert acrylic scl eyelids so he can see in the fluid helmet. WIDER reveals Bud is wearing the SEALs' deep suit.  Every around, buckling and zipping.  He is hyperventilating wit part of the procedure for transitioning from air to fluid on his stretcher, is presiding.  The resident expert.  Li blanket, still looking wan and frail.  She doesn't have t Bud's will, but she's trying.
189) 2) dialog: Who then? She looks around at the others.  Sees their eyes.  The fe He lowers the helmet over his head.  Catfish clamps it do driving him... his sense of responsibility for these peop able to prevent this situation. He touches her cheek, one last time.  She sees his finger Then he puts on the gloves.  Catifsh is strapping a KEYPA forearm.  Lindsey wants to scream... to stop this madness BUD (muffled)
189) 7) dialog: Okay.  Let's rock and roll. Monk gently cracks a valve on the suit's feed line.  The fluorocarbon emulsion FX-80) swirls into the helmet.  Bud his chin.  The liquid fills toward his mouth.
189) 11) text: Try your keypad. Bud taps out a brief message.  FEELS WEIRD - YOU SHOULD T on their portable monitor.
190) 0) text: FROM FAR BELOW, Deepcore is a faint tiara of lights, abov A single moving light appears above, at the edge of the c down.  It grows large, resolving into Bud, free-falling d He gathers speed as Little Geek's vertical thruster drive Bud looks down.  Between his feet he can see a short way glow of his single light, and beyond that an unfathomable unrolls upwards out of the darkness like a convoluted gra up.  The lights of Deepcore are gone.  He feels  more alo felt.  He types out:  CANT SEE YOU
192) 0) text: WIDE SHOT.  Bud is a tiny spider dropping down the wall i pool of light.  The wall is sterile brown-gray, devoid of LOOKING DOWN, as the light shrinks to a star and vanishes yawning below.
193) 8) text: Bud, I... uh, there's some things I want to say. It's hard for me.  I'm not of those softy, gooey- center-type people.  It's not easy, you know, being a cast-iron bitch.  It takes discipline and years of training.  A lot of people don't appreciate that. Lindsey has somehow tuned out the others in the room.  In with Bud, out in the darkness.
194) 0) text: Bud is visibly trembling, gritting his teeth... holding o of pressure takes him. LINDSEY (V.O./filtered)
194) 1) text: It's pitiful.  I have to wait until you're freezing in the dark and there's ten thousand feet of water between us.  I guess I'm babbling. I'm sorry. Bud struggles with his keyboard.
196) 0) text: BLAM!  Bud jerks as his dive light implodes.  He still ha He falls on.
198) 0) text: Bud is in an enormous school of bioluminescent squid, gra creatures less than a foot long.  Thousands of then glide around him, filling the black void as far as the eye can them in wonder.  Reaches out and touches one, catches it, they really here?  He can no longer be sure of his own pe
199) 0) text: Another message from Bud:  THINK THEYR REAL.
200) 0) text: Bud emerges from the school of squid.  As he falls, they of swirling colors above him.  He stares upwards, transfi ghostly blizzard of luminescence above him.  A spectral f the patternless glow... resolving into Lindsey's face, a Gazing down at him, her expression sad.  Her image recede the darkness above as he falls. DOWN ANGLE ON BUD, reaching up in anguish.
201) 0) text: Lindsey watches as Bud haltingly types out:  YOUR GOING A
202) 0) text: Bud is shaking violently, as if with palsy.  His eyes kee he's having a hard time staying conscious.  He tries to t can't.  The tons of pressure per square inch are short-ci system.  Suddenly K-BAM!  Little Geek's pressure hull imp go out.  BLACKNESS.
204) 0) text: Blackness.  Then a bright light appears... he's lit a MAG It's fierce, flickering glare lights his plunge.  Bud dis little ROV and free-falls like a skydiver without a chute hits a ledge and rolls off.  Tumbles forward in a cloud o another outcropping, limp as a rag doll.  Rocks and sand as he continues his descent. Bud us quivering, teeth locked in a titanic rigor. He pulls his arms and legs slowly into a fetal position. In the plunge toward death he has gone he has gone full c the womb in which we all breathe the water of life before air and light.  Still, there is Lindsey's voice, faintly
208) 0) text: Bud is no longer in pain.  His expression is rapt. LOOKING DOWN, past his to a ghostly landscape.  His last but there is light.  Bioluminescent algae carpet the wall below him.  And he's right... it is beautiful. The water is so clear we can see down 500 feet past Bud's figure, to a vast landscape faintly revealed in spectral the moon but exquisite, serene.  Changeless.  A place uns Like a firefly below, the lights of Big Geek are visible. the ROV, which has grounded on a narrow shelf.  Below the slopes out, suggesting we are near the bottom of the cany ONE BIG GEEK/MIRV, sitting there like a dumbshit.  Bud's sediment next to it, stirring it luminous particles.  Tou half miles of water over his head.  Bud leans over the wa fireflies.
210) 0) text: Bud is peering into the detonator unit.  How bad is he?
212) 0) text: Bud is one his knees beside the dead warhead.  His expres He looks around slowly at the luminous canyon.  Starts to
214) 0) text: A tiny figure lies slumped beside the inert ROV, an India horse in the desert. Bud's eyelids close.  His chest barely moving. A strange illumination bathes his face and his eyes open. he raises his head, facing the source of the radiance. BUD'S POV... A glowing figure hovers before him, like a v be an angel.  Seen closer, as it drifts toward him, we se extraterrestrial being, bioluminescent like some deep-sea and limbs are transparent, and it resembles a figure made delicate mantle or veil billows out around its like a cor gently, propelling the being with the hypnotic grace of a head is refined and strangely anthropomorphic, with large cold, dispassionate wisdom. It is stunningly beautiful. The creature settles toward him.  Unafraid, Bud extends h Its slender, blown-glass digits grasp his bulky glove.  I the benthic ooze and they glide together down the slope, abyss. At the limits of visibility we see faint, glowing forms m resolve into NTI ships.  Tiny ovoids, like the little sco nearly collided with at the Montana wreck.  The larger ma others, strangely configured, moving in the darkness belo Suddenly the darkness explodes with light.  A vast, retic brightly glowing lines, like some enormous circuit diagra them, covering the floor of the abyssal trench.  It sweep center, as if the light were surging through channels.  T their home to Bud.  The ships move among the spires like major city.
215) 0) text: Bud and the creature descend until, between the lines of surface of inhuman design.  The shape extends beyond the Towers hundreds of feet high stretch upward from the curv dwarfs their figures as the descend toward it, approachin yawns like a vast mouth. They are picking up speed, swept along by a powerful curr like opening.
216) 0) text: Bud stares around in awe as smooth, pearlescent walls blu curving three-dimensional maze of tunnels, like a vast ci where controlled currents of water become freeways in thr space.  Tunnels divide, narrow, and reenter main-routes h across, as the pair race through in a dizzying blur.
217) 0) text: Entering a smaller chamber they settle to the floor, and few feet. A shimmering plane or surface appears like a vertical cur chamber.  The seawater divides, like the Red Sea, into tw They move apart.  Leaving Bud standing in a short, shimme Weakly, he uncouples his helmet and pulls it free.  Drops Doubles over as spasms wrack him.  Breathing fluid explod He lies gasping and coughing on the floor, dragging in de he can only hope is air.  It is. Bud slowly recovers, sitting up.  His head is clearing. happening.  Beyond the shimmering, vertical surface of th NTI being joined by others, move or less identical, until is gathered watching him.
217) 1) dialog: Howdy, Uuuh... how you guys doin'? His voice echoes metallically in the strange chamber.  So from the 'walls'. In the air a pattern of glowing lines appears, a series o circuit diagrams.  Bud staggers back from this strange 's mid-air.  The image is about twenty feet across. There is a rolling jumble of static and interference whic the face of Dan Rather, doing the evening news.  STATIC, newscast.  And another.  Fragments of the same story.  Th of war.
217) 2) dialog: You watch out TV?  That what you're trying to say?  That you know what's been going on up there? The NTIs are impassive.  Static... then another newscast. This time, we're allowed to focus on the story.  An on-th outside a high-tech seismology lab.  There is an air of h scene... technicians running across the background of the shouting, the reporter jamming his mike at the harried-lo
217) 6) dialog: You're doing it!  Right?  That's what you're telling me.  Yeah, you can control water... that's your technology.  But why? Static again, then a brilliant flash.  Grainy stock film test in the Pacific. The film repeats, and then again, faster, and again until unbroken white glare.  Bud gets the message.
217) 7) dialog: Hey, you don't know they're really gonna do it. Where do you get off passing judgment on us, when you can't be sure?  How do you know? The screen exploded into a staccato series of searing ima from recent history... US soldiers fighting in Vietnam, street warfare in Beirut Belfast, a suspect shot in the head in the streets of Sai bleeding children, grainy footage of corpses bulldozed in Auschwitz, Wermacht soldiers marching in goose-step revie contra with an AK-47...  Just glimpses, strobing... a few But enough.  The images continue. HOLD ON BUD, as the lights flicker on his face, the ongoi humanity.
230) 0) text: Bud sits, shaken, watching the screen, as people react to He turns to the NTIs.
230) 1) dialog: Why?  You could've done it.  Why didn't you? The screen darkens.  Then letters appears on it, slowly p someone was clumsily typing them. WE KNEW THIS WAS... And we've seen this before so we know the rest...
235) 10) dialog: Hello, Mrs. Brigman. Their lips meet.