14) 10) dialog: (Kentucky drawl)
20) 3) dialog: Just follow standard procedure, will ya... flog the dog till somebody tells us what's happening.
21) 9) dialog: Hell, for triple time I'd crawl through razor blades and shower off with lime juice.
39) 0) text: Lindsey drops down from the hatch into the small cylindri The SEALs drop down behind her, passing their gear throug The chamber is spartan, with steel benches, a folding car masks, and medical supplies.  Catfish greets them through at one end.
39) 1) dialog: Howdy, y'all.  Hey, Lindsey!  I'll be damned! You shouldn't be down here sweet thing, ya'll might run ya stockings.
39) 3) dialog: Okay, here we go.  Start equalizing, y'all. HISSSS of inrushing compressed gas.  The pressure in the breathing mixture is composed of helium, oxygen and nitro monitors it carefully from a station outside the chamber, gauges with a practiced eye.  Lindsey and the SEALs all g and start making funny faces... popping their ears with t 'equalization' technique.  They continue as:
40) 0) text: Catfish checks his watch, then reaches over and adjusts a mix manifold, watching the gauges.  Satisfied, he leans o window in the door, checking out the SEALs.  Hippy has co control deck for an advanced look are the interlopers.  J reading a Louis L'Amour paperback.
40) 1) dialog: Those guys ain't so tough.  I fought plenty of guys tougher'n them.
40) 3) dialog: You see this?  They used to call this the Hammer.
42) 0) text: TIGHT ON CATFISH'S hands... closing values... spinning th chamber hatch.  CUT WIDER as it cracks open with a virgin aside.
42) 1) dialog: Y'all'er done to a turn and ready to serve. Everybody okay? The SEALs nod peremptorily and shoulder their gear.  Lind followed by Monk, Wilhite, and Schoenick.  Coffey bends t equipment case.  He is alone for one moment in the chambe hand and stares at it.  The fingertips are trembling the clenches them into a fist and walks out.
52) 4) dialog: Hippy, you pussy.
52) 21) text: It's classified... you know.  Anyway, you breathe liquid, so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you. Catfish is grappling with the concept.
52) 22) dialog: You're saying you get liquid in your lungs?
52) 27) dialog: This is no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
54) 0) text: Eight divers ride the back of Flatbed like itinerant work the fields.  Bud and his civilian crew, Catfish, Finler, across from the SEALs.  They are in their gear and breath hooked in Flatbed's low-pressure manifold.
54) 3) dialog: This here's the bottomless pit, baby.  Two and a half miles straight down.
65) 5) dialog: Triple time sounds like a lotta money, Bud.  It ain't.  I'm sorry...
72) 6) dialog: It's his mixture!  Too much oxygen! Then they're all yelling at once, grappling with the big the valves on his breathing gear.
76) 1) dialog: Quiet!  Quiet!
76) 5) dialog: 
114) 4) text: I was under orders.  I had no choice. Coffey's manner is subdued, contrite.  A marked contrast brusque arrogance.  He's wrestling with his own loss, a s tight brotherhood of a SEAL unit.  Bud's anger is not dis can't address it now.  He moves on. PAST THE INFIRMARY, where Sonny Dawson is rigging a sling arm.  He cries out in pain, cursing at himself.  LOOKING as Bud crosses.  Down through the grill decking we can se of the module is flooded.  Catfish is down there welding, reflections through the chamber.
118) 0) text: Catfish and Lindsey, in suits and helmets, drop down from moonpool onto the dark sea floor under the rig.  Walking, umbilicals behind them and head out through the twisted w Geek follows along like a dog at their heels.  They settl assembly at the base of the wrecked module.
118) 2) dialog: You watch yourself. He begins to attach one end of a coiled-up high-pressure She takes the other end of the hose and moves off into th Geek goes with her faithfully.
120) 0) text: Catfish is working on one side of the wrecked module whil other, out of sight.  She is standing on the bottom at th wreckage, checking valves on a rack of oxygen bottles amo Right at the edge of the canyon wall.  Behind her is a sh nothingness
122) 3) dialog: Missed what?
123) 6) dialog: Y'all could be more specific.
123) 11) dialog: Are we talkin' little space friend here?
125) 8) dialog: Look, podner... we don't work for you, we don't take orders from you, and we don't much like you. In addition to which your momma dresses you funny. Coffey's eyes are straight razors.  He slashes them from can see him tightening up like a clockspring, losing cont in front of his own men.  Bud defuses it.
125) 10) dialog: Yuh?
129) 13) dialog: What's the problem? Everyone is frozen in place.  Bud a Coffey... snake and m Bud pulls Lindsey back into the corridor.
138) 0) text: LOOKING DOWN three levels through the central ladderwell cylinders.  The pseudopod enters and undulates upward. FROM INSIDE THE MAKESHIFT BUNKROOM, we see its tip extend Sonny and One Night are snoring, oblivious.  Jammer is st pseudopod, taking its time, checks them out and then move IN THE MESS HALL, it's dark and quiet.  Lindsey has even chair, her head buried in her arms on the table.  The shi enters the room in total silence.  It sways gracefully in It undulates across the room, hanging about five feet in everything.  It moves past Lindsey.  Sensing something, s turning... sees the apparition next to her. Her eyes go wide.  Amazement, but not fear.  The tentacle searching.  Lindsey shakes Bud awake, clapping her hand o Bud blinks twice, then freezes.  When she lowers her hand open like a total goon. Bud chucks his pillow are Catfish, on the next table. Catfish cracks one eye open.  Turns away.  Turns right ba now.  Sensing movement, the thing turn back toward them. recognize Lindsey.  It doubles back on itself in a loop a her.  She holds her ground, fascinated. The bulbous tip forms suddenly into a human face... her f still clear and undulating... but definitely Lindsey.  Sh The liquid-Lindsey gasps soundlessly... a perfect mimic o Lindsey laughs involuntarily.  It laughs... without sound face, sticking out her tongue... testing it. The liquid-Lindsey does the same.  Bud has just had the r under his sense of what is possible and what isn't, but h will, considering.
144) 7) dialog: Just checking is out, huh?  How come? ANGLE UNDER THE TABLE, showing what Coffey is doing.  He gripped white-knuckle in one hand.  He is drawing it slow across the skin of the other forearm.  Neat chevrons of b elbow. C.U. COFFEY -- He doesn't flinch.  His eyes are hard and drills.  No one notices.  He's keeping the edge.
144) 10) dialog: Maybe I oughta shave. Coffey stands abruptly, snags Schoenick with his eyes, an through the group as if they were smoke.  This cold behav down a notch.
148) 3) dialog: Happy as hogs in a waller down there, prob'ly.
155) 6) dialog: Wish us luck. (hands his wallet to Hippy)
156) 0) text: Bed shoots down through the hatch.  The cold hits him lis instantly paralyzing.  He starts kicking in powerful stro water, maneuvering around tangles of umbilical cable twis Catfish is behind him, swimming like hell.  They reach ha they spin the wheel and heave upward, opening it.
157) 0) text: Bud surges up into the lock.  Catfish jams into the tiny They try the upper hatch.  Jammed.  They're both panting and intense cold.
157) 2) dialog: I can't... make it... podner. Bud looks at Catfish, shivering and heaving, wide-eyed.
164) 3) dialog: Hey! Catfish is right behind him.  Dripping wet.  A trail of w the moonpool a few feet away. CRACK!  Catfish's 'Hammer' punch comes in so hard and so knocked right on his ass.  He doesn't get up.  Just sort Catfish helps Bud to his feet.  They advance on Coffey, w sideways, his eyes rabid. He picks up a helium tank and hurls it at them.  As they Flatbed and drops through the hatch and slams it down.
166) 0) text: Catfish pounds down the corridor like he's never run befo doing a rumba.  He reaches the door, tears out the piece the wheel.  Hippy pushes it open so fast it hits Catfish Hippy tears past him, running with the assault rifle.  Jo
167) 1) dialog: 
167) 3) dialog: Safety's on!  On the side... the lever!  Up, push it up! Hippy fumble with the selective-fire lever, BLAM-BLAM-BLA quick rounds into the ceiling.
167) 6) dialog: Give me that!! He grabs it out of Hippy's hands and aims it at the sub. with a long burst.  BENEATH THE SURFACE, the rounds nip n through the water.  They barely scar the front port.
185) 0) text: The door crashes open and Jammer thunders in.  He picks u to roll on wheels, and carries it out past Hippy, Catfish are crowding in to get the rest of the equipment.  They r about ten seconds, grabbing everything they might need an else.
187) 0) text: Hippy and Catfish are setting up the cart and the oxygen making mistakes.  One Night is teaching herself how to fi bottle of adrenaline.
187) 4) dialog: Here, here, here... no, you got to have bare skin, or it won't... Bud rips into her clothing, opening her jumpsuit, literal T-shirt, revealing her bare chest... bony and still.
187) 12) dialog: (gently)
187) 13) text: Bud, it's over, man.  It's over. There is a beat of silence.  Bud stares down into Lindsey motionless eyes. TIGHT ON LINDSEY'S EYES, moving in until the pupil FILLS REVERSE, HER POV.  SILENCE.  A distant, distorted image, Night, Jammer, Hippy, Catfish, staring down.  It is like a dark well, their faces shimmering as if through the sur as if we are in a well, descending, looking up at a circl smaller as we drop away... smaller and smaller, receding a point of light in the void, like the fading bright dot turned-off TV. TIGHT ON BUD, rigid, staring.  Catfish puts his hand gent Suddenly Bud tears Catfish's hand away and sets upon Lind renewing his efforts in spades... totally manic.
197) 5) dialog: Maybe it's... you know... them. The screen prints out:  ITS OK. SQUID. GLOWING SQUID.
201) 5) dialog: Seventeen thousand feet.  Good Christ Almighty, this is insane.
207) 0) text: Catfish gently takes the microphone from Lindsey's hands
207) 1) dialog: How you doin', podner?  Still with us, come-back? Talk to us, Buddy boy. They watch the screen, expectantly. Nothing.  Hippy and One Night start checking the equipmen unsuccessfully to keep the terror our of here voice.
211) 3) dialog: Quiet, quiet!  Save you air, goddamnit.
231) 2) dialog: Hell yes, we read!  Good of you to join us.  How's that storm doin'?
231) 4) dialog: Well, hell, son.  You better get us a line down here, we're in moderately poor shape. LATER, Hippy, Catfish, and Monk are conferring B.G. on ho umbilical hooked on.  One Night is talking to McBride on
231) 19) dialog: I'd say that's a big 10-4, jack.
235) 6) dialog: Out blood oughta be fizzin' like a warm, shook- up Coke.