13) 0) text: LONG LENS SHOT: three massive Navy Sea King helicopters t at us, FILLING FRAME. REVERSE, as they barrel OVER CAMERA toward a lone civilia but very sophisticated deep-sea drilling support ship, th It is a twin-hulled monstrosity with a central opening in which crouch enormous cranes, winches and other arcane eq The first Sea King settles onto the helipad, disgorging a officers, technicians, and a squad of armed seamen.  A pa rotorwash, we see the Benthic Petroleum "company man" KIR COMMODORE DEMARCO, the on-scene commander.
14) 2) dialog: No light from the surface.  How deep are they?
14) 4) dialog: I need them to go to over two thousand.
21) 0) text: The whole rig crew is somehow jammed into the room for th DeMarco is on the main monitor, with his aides and Kirkhi
21) 1) dialog: At 09:22 local time this morning, an American nuclear submarine, the USS Montana, with 156 men aboard, went down 22 miles from here.  There has been no contact with the sub since then.  The cause of the incident is not known. PAN AROUND the reactions of the various drill crew member hushed, curious.
21) 2) dialog: Your company has authorized the Navy's use of this facility for a rescue operation.  The code name is Operation Salvor.
21) 4) dialog: No.  We know where it is.  But she's in 2000 feet of water and we can't reach her.  We need divers to enter the sub and search for survivors, if any. Bud's scowl has been deepening since DeMarco started to t
21) 6) dialog: By the time we get our rescue submersible here the storm front will be right on us.  But you can get your rig in under the storm and be on- site in fifteen hours.  That makes you our best option right now. Hippy, born suspicious and recently graduated to paranoid
21) 12) dialog: A four-man SEAL team will transfer down to you to supervise the operation.
31) 5) text: So Kirkhill, we gonna do this or we gonna talk about it? INT. EXPLORER BRIDGE/D.O.C. The plug is pulled on DeMarco's patience.
31) 6) dialog: I don't care who drives the damn thing.  Just get my team in the water.
74) 0) text: The SEALs, minus Monk, are all gathered inside, debriefin closed-circuit video. DEMARCO (video)
74) 3) dialog: CINCLANTFLT's gonna go apeshit.  Two Russian attack subs, a Tango and Victor, have been tracked within fifty miles of here... and now we don't know what the hell they are.  Okay, I don't have any choice.  I'm confirming you to go to Phase Two. Wilhite and Schoenick glance uneasily at each other. Coffey is silent.  He is vibrating with tension... his fi prevent the shaking.  He is wrestling with the moment, kn way, a point of no return.
74) 4) dialog: Is there any problem?
80) 2) dialog: They'll be back in two hours.
232) 0) text: Beyond the windows the ocean is calm.  The sky steel-gray turns to Commodore DeMarco and the Navy contingent, his e
234) 2) dialog: Where?