15) 0) text: Bud turns from the window and crosses the drill floor.  T the rig.  THUNDEROUS MECHANICAL ROAR.  The drill crew, in plastered overalls, tend the massive spinning turn-table chamber.  The semi-automated system requires only five me others are LUPTON MCWHIRTER, DWIGHT PERRY, JAMMER WILLIS, DIETZ.  Bud hears his names called above the din by Jamme roughneck/diver who stands a good head taller than the re
15) 1) dialog: (yelling)
20) 0) text: The opening is called the moonpool, and Deepcore's submer through it.  From inside the sub-bay it looks just like a Flatbed surfaces, nearly filling it.  The chamber also co similar submersible.  Jammer, Perry, and some of the othe are helping the divers out of the water.  The water at th about six degrees above freezing, and these folks are col fingered.  Finler pulls off his demand-helmet, revealing face.
20) 4) dialog: Hey, Catfish, I'll sell you my October Penthouse for twenty bucks.
20) 6) dialog: What's goin' on, Boss?
22) 1) dialog: When Lindsey finds out about this, it's not gonna be a pretty sight.
40) 4) dialog: Hippy wasn't born then.
43) 2) dialog: Howdy, there, little lady. Coffey emerges behind them and, ignoring Lindsey, faces J
43) 4) text: Show us the dive prep area.  We need to check out your gear. Jammer scowls, turns and leads the SEALs in the sub-bay. exchange a look.
54) 2) dialog: How deep's the drop-off here?
69) 0) text: Bud leads Jammer through a long, claustrophobically narro on the walls and hatches periodically.  After he taps, he moments.  There are no answering taps.  They open doors a into the rooms.  The are bodies, but they seem anonymous. in khaki or blue.  They undog and open a hatch.  Beyond i chamber of the sub, the...
70) 1) dialog: Where are we?
70) 3) dialog: Lord Almighty.
70) 6) dialog: I... they're all dead, Bud.  They're all dead. I thought... some of them... you know...
70) 8) dialog: No!  I'm okay now.  I just don't... I can't go any further in. Bud sees that the big diver's breathing has stabilized. watch.  Checker Jammer's pressure gauges.
70) 10) dialog: Yeah, okay.  Okay. He moves off through the center aisle of the gallery swim cylinders.  He pays out the lifeline as he goes.
72) 0) text: Bed negotiates his way through the tangle of wreckage nea missile compartment.  He goes down a stairwell to the low FEET AWAY, Jammer loses sight of Bud's dive-lights.  He s nervous.  Suddenly his own lights begin to DIM, flickerin They become little orange candles, the filament barely gl closes in.
72) 1) dialog: Bud?  BUD?!  You readin' me?  BUD?!! BUD, at the same moment, is fiddling with the connector c lights, which are dimming and flickering.  He hears nothi transceiver. JAMMER, smacks the side of his helmet.  Shakes the transc Nothing... just static.  Then even the static dies.  Pani He grabs the safety line and pulls twice.  Hard.  It is s metal edge ten feet from him.  He pulls twice more, harde thing.  The line severs.  Jammer stared at the frayed and him.  His eyes bug.  He looks all around in the darkness. Can't decide what to do.  We can see hysteria revving up flywheel. Then he becomes aware of a faint radiance flickering over cold and ethereal light, unlike the warm-white of their d It grows brighter.  He turns slowly toward it. The glow is moving beneath the steel grill of the deck, s cold light flickering upward hypnotically, coming toward
72) 2) dialog: Bud?  Is that you? C.U. JAMMER, shielding his eyes, staring into the radiant Guess what, Jammer?  It's not Bud.  In the brightest cent SOMETHING is moving, a figure casting strange inhuman sha Jammer blinks against the glare, his face registering tot astonishment melting into terror. The glare pulses subtly, hypnotically.  The shifting shad Jammer.  He finally snaps out of his fixity... Screaming and gulping air he spins away and starts clawin through the treacherous wreckage. His harness catches on a twisted pipe. He struggles, totally out of control... the big man reduc Jammer heaves forward with all his adrenalized strength. He tears free of the entangling debris.  Launches like a his backpack full force into the top sill of the hatchway regulator takes the full brunt of the impact. ON BUD, swimming furiously back toward Jammer's position. radiance is gone.  His dive light flare back to full brig
72) 12) text: Hang on, buddy. They drag Jammer's slack form into the corridor, hauling back along the lifeline. INT./EXT. CAB ONE &amp; MONTANA SAIL Lindsey is approaching the monolith of the sail, maneuver horizontal diving plane.  Then her lights go dim and her power. Suddenly a bright corona breaks around the bulk of the sa appears right in front of her, a glowing object moving li hell right at her!  It is slightly smaller than submersib a glimpse.  What we think we see in the diffuse glow is a open at the front with a spinning vortex of light inside. hallucinatory jet engine.  And it's hauling ass. Lindsey jinks left.  The object jogs right.  She fights t sub slews around, slamming broadside into the sail.  K-BA back up.  Righting Can One, she spins to look through the time to see the object racing away in a broad arc.  It pu and dives straight down. We see the object zip behind Flatbed.  One Night can't se spirals down into the darkness like a hit-and-run drunk, wall into the abyss until it is lost to view. HOLD ON Lindsey excited, amazed... dazed.  Her hands are Bud's voice blares out over the open frequency.
73) 0) text: Jammer is unconscious on a folding cot set up in the tiny infirmary.  Monk, who is cross-trained as a medic as well man, has hung an IV of something.  Bud and the SEAL are i others hovering outside.
114) 0) text: Bud walks down the corridor from control, slowly... as if weight.  The air is still thick with smoke.  The power of lit by emergency lights.  Makeshift quarters have been se hall, with blankets laid out on the tables, and with fold storage room across the hall.  Jammer is still unconsciou Schoenick bring Monk in on a stretcher, and set him up on conscious but dazed with painkillers, his led splinted.
138) 0) text: LOOKING DOWN three levels through the central ladderwell cylinders.  The pseudopod enters and undulates upward. FROM INSIDE THE MAKESHIFT BUNKROOM, we see its tip extend Sonny and One Night are snoring, oblivious.  Jammer is st pseudopod, taking its time, checks them out and then move IN THE MESS HALL, it's dark and quiet.  Lindsey has even chair, her head buried in her arms on the table.  The shi enters the room in total silence.  It sways gracefully in It undulates across the room, hanging about five feet in everything.  It moves past Lindsey.  Sensing something, s turning... sees the apparition next to her. Her eyes go wide.  Amazement, but not fear.  The tentacle searching.  Lindsey shakes Bud awake, clapping her hand o Bud blinks twice, then freezes.  When she lowers her hand open like a total goon. Bud chucks his pillow are Catfish, on the next table. Catfish cracks one eye open.  Turns away.  Turns right ba now.  Sensing movement, the thing turn back toward them. recognize Lindsey.  It doubles back on itself in a loop a her.  She holds her ground, fascinated. The bulbous tip forms suddenly into a human face... her f still clear and undulating... but definitely Lindsey.  Sh The liquid-Lindsey gasps soundlessly... a perfect mimic o Lindsey laughs involuntarily.  It laughs... without sound face, sticking out her tongue... testing it. The liquid-Lindsey does the same.  Bud has just had the r under his sense of what is possible and what isn't, but h will, considering.
154) 6) dialog: Figured I was dead, there, when I seen that angel comin' toward me. They all look at him for a second.  What?
169) 0) text: Jammer expertly works the crane controls, moving Cab One moonpool from its drydock cradle.  Lindsey and One Night monkeys over the port side crash bars of the swinging sub the hatch tower.
185) 0) text: The door crashes open and Jammer thunders in.  He picks u to roll on wheels, and carries it out past Hippy, Catfish are crowding in to get the rest of the equipment.  They r about ten seconds, grabbing everything they might need an else.
187) 13) text: Bud, it's over, man.  It's over. There is a beat of silence.  Bud stares down into Lindsey motionless eyes. TIGHT ON LINDSEY'S EYES, moving in until the pupil FILLS REVERSE, HER POV.  SILENCE.  A distant, distorted image, Night, Jammer, Hippy, Catfish, staring down.  It is like a dark well, their faces shimmering as if through the sur as if we are in a well, descending, looking up at a circl smaller as we drop away... smaller and smaller, receding a point of light in the void, like the fading bright dot turned-off TV. TIGHT ON BUD, rigid, staring.  Catfish puts his hand gent Suddenly Bud tears Catfish's hand away and sets upon Lind renewing his efforts in spades... totally manic.