24) 0) text: PANNING ALONG BOOTED FEET, four pairs of black military s up, onto... a pair of Charles Jourdans fives under shapel WIDER, revealing the four-man team of Navy SEALs.  And a her early thirties.  She's attractive, if a bit hardened, conservatively in a skirt and jacket.  Meet LINDSEY.  Pro Deepcore.  She's a pain in the ass, but you'll like her. She's holding on grimly, sitting crammed in with the SEAL gear, getting tossed around by the storm.  The SEALs are black fatigues.  They are muscular, finely-tuned and extr special-forces types.  The leader of the SEAL team, LIEUT his way forward to the cockpit. The pilot is white-knuckling his stick, trying to hold th helicopter in position.  Through the windshield, the deck Explorer can be seen below, pitching in a violent sea.
24) 3) text: Just hold it over the deck. Coffey goes back to the crew deck, moving easily in the b nods to the others SEALs, MONK, WILHITE, and SCHOENICK. door, Wilhite clips a 100 foot nylon rope to the airframe coil.  One by one the shoulder the gear-bags, grab the ro Lindsey stands swaying in the chopper door, watching the to the deck.  One, two, three.  Coffey looks at her.
25) 0) text: Swinging wildly in the wind like a human pendulum, Lindse feet to the deck.  She steps away an instant before Coffe Lindsey crosses the rainswept deck with athletic strides. ruined.  An air-crewman in the chopper lowers two additio using the rescue sling.  The SEALs catch them as they swi the deck.  They Navy chopper banks and seems to scurry aw mounting storm.
29) 0) text: Bud is surprised to see Lindsey's face appear on the moni
29) 1) dialog: I can't believe you let them do this!
29) 4) dialog: I was, but I managed to bum a ride on the last flight out here.  Only here isn't where I left it, is it, Bud?
29) 6) dialog: We were that close to proving a submersible drilling platform could work.  We had over seven thousand feet of hole down for Chrissake.  I can't believe you let them grab my rig!
29) 8) dialog: My rig.  I designed the damn thing.
29) 10) dialog: You wimp.  I had a lot riding on this.  They bought you... more like least rented you cheap--
29) 12) dialog: Virgil, you wiener!  You never could stand up to fight.  You-- Bud hits the switch and the screen goes dead.
30) 0) text: Ten foot waves crash through the launch-well, sending up Next to the launch-well, crewman have attached a lifting eighteen feet of ugly yellow submersible.  It slams viole cradle as the drill-ship rolls.  Coffey and Schoenick han to Wilhite and Monk though the hatch under the rear of th Lindsey approaches, wearing a borrowed roustabout's cover She looks down at the larger of the two equipment cases b lying on the deck.  Stenciled on it are the words: F.B.S. Coffey and Schoenick push past her to pick it up.
30) 1) dialog: Let's go, gentlemen!  We either launch now or we don't launch. Coffey looks up in surprise as she nimbly climbs the side grabs the lifting shackle, circling her raised hand to si
30) 2) dialog: Take her up, Byron! Cab Three, with Lindsey riding its back, is pulled up out starts to swing violently as Explorer pitches.  The subme swung out to the center of the launch well.  It sways and furious water below.  Lindsey drops into the upper hatch. INT. EXPLORER BRIDGE/D.O.C. Kirkhill leans suddenly over the console to look out the
30) 4) text: Lindsey... get out of Cab Three.  Bates is taking her down.
31) 0) text: Lindsey pulls her headset as she dogs down the inside loc hatch.
31) 1) dialog: Bates is sick.  Besides I've got more hours in this thing than he does. (to Coffey)
31) 2) text: A little change of plan. The little sub is swinging like a pendulum on the cable, jammed in with their equipment in the tiny space, are get the walls.  Lindsey is calmly flipping switches as she ta
31) 4) dialog: Just hold your water, okay? (to Kirkhill)
32) 0) text: Lindsey reaches up a grabs a red lever.
32) 1) dialog: Roger. (to Coffey)
32) 2) text: There's only one way it's going to happen... She pulls the lever hard.  CLUNK-CLANG!  The shackle-rele It freefalls ten feet to the water with an enormous splas on going after Lindsey floods the trim tanks.  Coffey et hard.
32) 3) dialog: Touchdown.  The crowd goes wild.  Explorer... Cab Three.  We are styling. MCBRIDE (filtered)
32) 4) text: Roger, Cab Three. Lindsey cuts on the floodlights and maneuvers the descend that the umbilical cable is a few feet ahead on her front through her lights, it will guide her down to the rig.  C into increasing darkness.  Soon it is a candle below us i
36) 1) dialog: Deepcore, Deepcore... this is Cab Three on final approach.
37) 1) dialog: None other. Bud's expression is nothing less than stricken.
38) 0) text: Lindsey executes a 180 degree turn and cruises over the c through the A-frame toward the docking hatch.  The flange lockout hatch settles over the pressure collar on the rig a CLUNK as it mates up.
39) 0) text: Lindsey drops down from the hatch into the small cylindri The SEALs drop down behind her, passing their gear throug The chamber is spartan, with steel benches, a folding car masks, and medical supplies.  Catfish greets them through at one end.
39) 2) dialog: Couldn't stay away.  You running mixture for us? Good.  Couldn't ask for better.
39) 4) dialog: Get comfortable.  The bad news is we got six hours in this can, blowing down.  The worse news is it's gonna take us three weeks to decompress back to the surface later.
39) 6) dialog: Don't call me that, okay... I hate that.  Alright, from now on we watch each other closely for signs of HPNS...
39) 9) dialog: Very good.  About one person in twenty just can't handle it.  They go buggo.  They're no way to predict who's susceptible, so stay alert.
39) 11) dialog: Oh... chamber runs.  Uh huh, that's good. (Coffey turn away)
41) 0) text: It looks like the end of a long bus trip.  Everyone silen through beat-to-hell magazines or just staring.  Lindsey up on the smaller of the SEALs' two equipment cases.  She one of the latches, then the other.  Glances at Coffey. begins to lift the lid with her toe.  Gets a GLIMPSE INSI and what looks like a SMALL BLACK METAL BOX.  Then... WHA comes down on the lid, slamming it shut.  Startled, she l cool gaze.
43) 0) text: As Lindsey emerges into the main corridor of the rig, she dark mass.
43) 1) dialog: Hey, was there a wall here before?  I don't remember a wall here.  Oh, Jammer!  Hi. The 'wall' grins down to her.
43) 5) dialog: Those guys are about a much fun as a tax audit.
44) 1) dialog: Hippy, you're going to give that rat a disease. WIDER, as Hippy and Bud to see Lindsey leaning in the doo size each other up.  He opts for a jovial approach, his e
44) 3) dialog: Not for long. Lindsey crossed past him, her eyes scanning the banks of unconsciously checking, checking... getting the pulse of
44) 5) dialog: Not even when it meant something. (looking through the front port)
46) 0) text: Lindsey fives the sonar shack the once-over.  She tweaks
46) 2) dialog: Look, I didn't come down here to fight. She crosses past Bud and exits into the corridor.  Bud bo to follow her and Hippy scrambles in to take over.
47) 0) text: Bud catches up with Lindsey in the corridor, and through pace with here as she make here inspection.
47) 2) dialog: You need me.  Nobody knows the systems on this rig better than I do.  What is something was to go wrong after the Explorer clears off?  What would have you done?
48) 0) text: Lindsey enters and moves expertly through the dark labyri roaring machinery.  Her eyes rove constantly over fitting panels.
48) 3) dialog: Not particularly.  Jeez, look where this is set! Morons. She scowls at a pressure gauge and turn a valve minutely.
48) 5) dialog: That must be it. Lindsey's on the move again, and Bud scrambles through th
48) 7) dialog: I was worried about the rig.  I've got over four years invested in this project.
48) 9) dialog: You've got to have priorities.
49) 2) dialog: What are you still wearing that for?
49) 4) dialog: I haven't worn mine in months.
49) 6) dialog: Do you always have to call him that?  The Suit? It makes you sound like such a hick.  His name is Michael. Lindsey takes off her borrowed tennies and socks. Bud eyes her, sounding too causal.
49) 8) dialog: No, I haven't seen him in a few weeks.
49) 10) dialog: Bud, why are you doing this?  It's not part of you life any more.
49) 12) dialog: You're right, Bud.  It was just that simple. Aren't you clever?  You should get your own show... Ask Dr. Bud, advice to the lovelorn from three hundred fathoms. She closes the watertight door, forcing him out.  Locks i throws her shoe hard against the far wall.
49) 13) dialog: 
49) 15) dialog: Shit.
53) 0) text: Three sets of moving lights move outward from Deepcore. with Lindsey and Hippy at the controls respectively, and Flatbed.  Lindsey is in the lead.  She approaches the cli and starts to descend.
53) 1) dialog: Com-check, everybody.  Flatbed, you on line?
53) 3) dialog: Cab Three?
53) 5) dialog: What's you depth, Cab Three?
53) 8) dialog: Going over the wall.  Coming to bearing 065. Everybody stay tight and in sight.
55) 0) text: Lindsey consults her array of instruments.
55) 2) dialog: The magnetometer is pegged.  Side-scan is showing a big return, but I don't see anything yet.  Are you sure you got the depth right on this? BUD (V.O., filtered)
55) 4) dialog: Uh, yeah, roger that... uh, found it.
56) 2) dialog: Neutron counter's not showing very much.
56) 6) dialog: Copy that, continuing forward.  You just want me to get shots of everything, right?
56) 8) dialog: Copy that. The great black hull of the Montana recedes into the dark puny beams of their lights.  It seems bigger than the Tit eerie in its final resting place.  On it side, the sub's wall along which the tiny submersibles are moving.  Ahead a white painted circle.
59) 0) text: Meanwhile Cab One and Flatbed have proceeded forward alon Lindsey's front port, the great hatches of the Trident mi toward us in procession.  Several of the hatch covers hav partway open by the warping of the hull.
59) 2) dialog: How many are there?
59) 4) dialog: That's 192 warheads... And how powerful are they?
59) 6) dialog: Jesus Christ... this is World War Three in a can.
67) 0) text: Lindsey circles the hull, documenting, photographing.  He darkness, give glimpses of the dead leviathan's form as h circles it like a bee.
72) 12) text: Hang on, buddy. They drag Jammer's slack form into the corridor, hauling back along the lifeline. INT./EXT. CAB ONE &amp; MONTANA SAIL Lindsey is approaching the monolith of the sail, maneuver horizontal diving plane.  Then her lights go dim and her power. Suddenly a bright corona breaks around the bulk of the sa appears right in front of her, a glowing object moving li hell right at her!  It is slightly smaller than submersib a glimpse.  What we think we see in the diffuse glow is a open at the front with a spinning vortex of light inside. hallucinatory jet engine.  And it's hauling ass. Lindsey jinks left.  The object jogs right.  She fights t sub slews around, slamming broadside into the sail.  K-BA back up.  Righting Can One, she spins to look through the time to see the object racing away in a broad arc.  It pu and dives straight down. We see the object zip behind Flatbed.  One Night can't se spirals down into the darkness like a hit-and-run drunk, wall into the abyss until it is lost to view. HOLD ON Lindsey excited, amazed... dazed.  Her hands are Bud's voice blares out over the open frequency.
72) 14) dialog: Copy you, Bud.  On my way.
75) 0) text: The maintenance room doubles as a camera workstation.  An as darkroom.  Lindsey is glumly reassembling Cab One's ca
75) 2) dialog: No.  Look, forget it.  I don't want to talk about it.
75) 4) dialog: I don't know what I saw.  Okay?  Coffey wants to call it a Russian submersible, fine.  It's a Russian submersible.  No problem.
75) 6) dialog: No.
75) 8) dialog: Jammer saw something in there, something that scared the hell out him--
75) 10) dialog: But what did he see that made him panic?
75) 12) dialog: I don't know.  I DON'T KNOW! Hippy comes pounding up, sticks his head in, gesturing an
77) 0) text: Bud, Lindsey, and Hippy walking along the corridor, Hippy incipient paranoia.
77) 3) dialog: Figured that out for yourself, did you?
77) 6) dialog: Cute, Virgil.
82) 4) dialog: Bud, this is big time.
94) 0) text: Lindsey is in the corridor with a cup of tea when the who GONG and lurches sideways.  She's wearing her tea when Bu doorway and goes pounding past her.  The intercom blares. HIPPY (intercom)
98) 0) text: Lindsey has joined Bud, looking out the front viewport.
98) 1) dialog: We're heading right for the drop off!
101) 0) text: Everyone is stunned by what is happening.  Lindsey fires
101) 1) dialog: Got it!  It's dropping straight to us. She puts the signal over the speakers and the room fills Bud shouts over the intercom.
103) 1) dialog: Oh shit. An agonizing few seconds.  Then... the cable pulls taut. K-BOOM!!  The rig is slammed by the shock.  Everyone is k into walls and equipment.
105) 0) text: All hell has broken loose.  SIRENS, SCREAMING, a KLAXON H Bud sprints from Control, bouncing off the corridor walls lurches and tilts.  The lights go out.  Emergency light c and falls, scrambles up, running on. IN THE LADDERWELL of trimodule C, Lindsey runs toward the K-BOOM!  A searing bright EXPLOSION in the electrical roo through the doorway.  She dashed to a seawater hose hangi to unroll it.  She sees Coffey and Schoenick in maintenan the mystery package.
105) 1) dialog: Hey!  Get on this hose, you turkeys!
111) 0) text: Coffey and Schoenick, in emergency breathing masks, are f a seawater hose and fire extinguishers.  Smoke and steam chambers. Nearby, Lindsey grabs Hippy's arm as he is running past a blazing compressor room.  Hands him her seawater hose.  W blasting everything in sight with water.
111) 1) dialog: No! Hold it on me! She rushed into the teeth of the fire as Hippy blasts her water, following her into the intense heat.  She grabs Mo semiconscious, and drags him out of the blazing room... H with the hose, tripping, blasting her in the face. But it works.  They get Monk clear.
115) 0) text: Lindsey is working, up to her knees in water.  She is cov tools scattered around.  Bud puts his hand on her shoulde blows some hair out of her eyes.
115) 2) dialog: I can get power to this module and sub-bay if I remote these busses.  I've gotta get past the mains, which are a total melt-down. Rather than trigger anger and invective, the disaster see her in a different way.  She's accepted the situation, no and is immersing herself in technical tasks, which are fo
115) 4) dialog: Thanks.  No, I can handle it.  Bud... there won't be enough to run the heaters.  In a couple hours this place is going to be as cold as a meat locker.
115) 6) dialog: Brace yourself.  We've got about 12 hours worth if we close off the sections we're not using.
115) 8) dialog: I can extend that.  There's some storage tanks outboard on the wrecked module.  I'll have to go outside to tie onto them. She goes back to her task, working efficiently with a soc
115) 11) dialog: Yeah?  Well I'm not.
118) 0) text: Catfish and Lindsey, in suits and helmets, drop down from moonpool onto the dark sea floor under the rig.  Walking, umbilicals behind them and head out through the twisted w Geek follows along like a dog at their heels.  They settl assembly at the base of the wrecked module.
118) 1) dialog: Cat, you tie onto this manifold.  There's some tanks on the other side; I'm gonna go check them out.
120) 1) dialog: Yeah, Hippy, I read you.  What's the matter? The reply is GARBLED by a wash of static.  Then, for no a Lindsey's helmet light begins to dim out.  Little Geek's motors whine to a stop. ON CATFISH, as his lights drop to candleglows.
122) 0) text: ON LINDSEY, as she fiddles with her lights and transceive
122) 1) dialog: Catfish... I got a problem here.  You there? Catfish? Behind her, SOMETHING rises from the depths. It is the little vehicle she almost collided with at the It comes right up behind her.  She doesn't know it's ther sideways like a hummingbird, as if curious, trying to get becomes aware of the pulsing glow on the ground around he slowly.  We see her react as the glowing, pulsing apparit her faceplate. A more powerful glow washes up onto her from below. Her eyes go down.  She gasps, absolutely stunned... Above the edge of the wall, AN ENORMOUS SHAPE RISES SILEN DEPTHS.  Over sixty feet across.  It looks like a blown g transparent outer hull housing interior structures of gre complexity, pulsing with a blue-violet glow. Lindsey stand before it, unable to move.  Absolutely rapt Captivated by its ethereal beauty.  It begins to turn, ma rounded wing passing only a few feet above her.  She reac as it passes over her. Lindsey is without fear, completely mesmerized. The thing completes its turn and dives gracefully down al is gently lifted by a backwash of turbulent water. About that time, Lindsey remembers she has a still camera She fumbles to set focus and exposure with her bulky glov machine glides into the depths.  Gets all set for a shot WOOSH!  The little 'scoutschip' whizzes past her from beh She completely misses the shot of the 'manta ship'.  She get a shot of the little one as it zig-zags down along th meteor.  CLICK.  She get a shot a second before it disapp From around the flank of the rig module, Catfish appears. come backs to life, along with their lights.
122) 2) dialog: You better not say you missed that.
123) 0) text: TIGHT ON SLIDE STRIP.  Lindsey's fingertip in for scale. with a little squiggle of light in the center.  Pathetic.
123) 3) dialog: Come on, you guys... look, this is the little one right here.  You can see how it's kind of zigging around.
123) 5) dialog: I'm telling you what is there.  You're just not hearing.  The impulses somehow aren't getting from you ears to your brainpan.  There's something down there.  Something not... us. She looks around.  Sees a lot of skepticism in the eyes a
123) 7) dialog: Not us.  Not human.  Get it?  Something non- human, but intelligent...
123) 9) dialog: A non-terrestrial intelligence.
123) 13) dialog: Hippy, do me a favor... stay off my side. Bud takes her firmly by the arm.  Heads her out into the
124) 2) dialog: Bud, something really important is happening here.
124) 4) dialog: Who's hysterical?  Nobody's hysterical! They're talking across each other, not connecting.  Bud w Lindsey is cranked up with the afterglow of her encounter
124) 6) dialog: I saw something!  I'm not going to go back there and say I didn't see it when I did.  I'm sorry.
124) 8) dialog: I need you to believe me, Bud.  Look at me.  Do I seem stressed out?  Any of the symptoms of pressure sickness, any tremors, slurred speech?
124) 10) dialog: Bud, this is me, Lindsey.  Okay?  You know me better than anybody in the world.  Now watch my lips... I saw these things.  I touched one of them.  And it wasn't some clunky steel can like we would build... it glided.  It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Bud is stilled by her intensity.  She moves close to him. luminous.
124) 11) dialog: It was a machine, but it seems almost alive. Like a... dance of light.  Bud, you have to trust me... please.  I don't think they mean us harm.  I don't know how I know that, it's just a feeling.
124) 13) dialog: We all see what we want to see... Coffey looks and he sees Russians, he sees hate and fear. Bud, you have to look with better eyes than that. Bud has been taking this all in.  His eyes tracking her f eyes, taking a deep breath.  It's so hard for him to do t
125) 0) text: Coffey has Bud, Lindsey and several of the rig crew gathe summit.  Lindsey is withdrawn, sitting far from the other exile.  They're all wearing warm clothes and hugging them breath shows in the air.
125) 2) dialog: (rolling her eyes)
126) 0) text: Coffey and Schoenick are bending over the warhead.  They removed and are attaching waterproof leads from an ELECTR black box Lindsey glimpsed earlier.  As the two SEALs wor see past Coffey's shoulder to a hemispherical window behi out into the perpetual blackness.  Something appears... a Big Geek rises silently in front of the port.  It moves a get a peek over Coffey's shoulder.
129) 1) dialog: Look, goddamnit, if you won't do something about it, I will.
129) 3) dialog: You've got some huevos bringing this... thing... into my rig!  With everything that's been going on up in the world, you bring a nuclear weapon in here?  Does this strike anyone as particularly psychotic, or is it just me?
129) 5) dialog: You're right... I don't.  I just need to know that this thing is out of here!  You hear me, Roger Ramjet?
129) 8) dialog: Bullshit, you can't do that.  Oww... goddamnit! Lindsey goes bananas, trying to get Schoenick's big hands slams his hand down on the intercom button.
129) 11) dialog: You dumb jarhead motherf--
130) 0) text: Lindsey, Bud, Hippy.  Bud slows, letting them trail behin
130) 3) dialog: He's got the shakes?
132) 1) dialog: Look, you can just punch into his little chip where you want him to go, and he goes, right?
132) 3) dialog: Let's go for it.  We could get lucky.
133) 0) text: ONE SURVEILLANCE MONITOR.  Lindsey and Hippy next to Big are tinny but intelligible.
133) 2) dialog: No.  Just you and me.  We get some proof, then tell them.  Hippy, look... if was can prove to Coffey it's not Russians, maybe he'll ease off the button a little.
134) 0) text: The lights are down.  Those who can are grabbing some sle from one of the bunkrooms as Lindsey passes.  In the mess Bud are crashed out on the tables, wrapped in blankets. intense.  Water drips.  The walls sweat with condensation her breath as she makes coffee.  She carries a cup over t face in a pile of blankets.  A hand comes out, takes the
134) 2) dialog: Virgil, turn on your side. Bud grunts and turns without waking, an automatic respons stops.  It is a quiet, intimate moment, a reminder of the have logged together.
138) 0) text: LOOKING DOWN three levels through the central ladderwell cylinders.  The pseudopod enters and undulates upward. FROM INSIDE THE MAKESHIFT BUNKROOM, we see its tip extend Sonny and One Night are snoring, oblivious.  Jammer is st pseudopod, taking its time, checks them out and then move IN THE MESS HALL, it's dark and quiet.  Lindsey has even chair, her head buried in her arms on the table.  The shi enters the room in total silence.  It sways gracefully in It undulates across the room, hanging about five feet in everything.  It moves past Lindsey.  Sensing something, s turning... sees the apparition next to her. Her eyes go wide.  Amazement, but not fear.  The tentacle searching.  Lindsey shakes Bud awake, clapping her hand o Bud blinks twice, then freezes.  When she lowers her hand open like a total goon. Bud chucks his pillow are Catfish, on the next table. Catfish cracks one eye open.  Turns away.  Turns right ba now.  Sensing movement, the thing turn back toward them. recognize Lindsey.  It doubles back on itself in a loop a her.  She holds her ground, fascinated. The bulbous tip forms suddenly into a human face... her f still clear and undulating... but definitely Lindsey.  Sh The liquid-Lindsey gasps soundlessly... a perfect mimic o Lindsey laughs involuntarily.  It laughs... without sound face, sticking out her tongue... testing it. The liquid-Lindsey does the same.  Bud has just had the r under his sense of what is possible and what isn't, but h will, considering.
138) 3) dialog: It's trying to communicate. Her liquid face suddenly transforms into a likeness of Bu She reaches out her hand slowly.  Gingerly, her fingers t Ripples extend outward from the contact, across Bud's fea Her fingertips break effortlessly through the surface, ju dipping her hand into a bowl of water, except sideways. fingers out and studies them, amazed.  Touches one finger
138) 4) dialog: Seawater. The pseudopod pulls back from her.  It loops in the air d circle... and ties itself into a knot.  As the knot tight back into the body.  The 'disappearing knot' trick. Lindsey laughs, grinning with the open wonder and delight magic show.  She is transported.
138) 5) dialog: Show off. She looks at Bud.  He grins broadly.  He's with her now. The stunned group watches as the thing moves on across th corridor
140) 0) text: The water tentacle enters and moves toward the hot-wired the device for a few seconds.  Bud and Lindsey enter thro time to see the tentacle divide into four tendrils which warhead.  They begin to lift it off its cart.
144) 0) text: Light on.  Everybody there.  Lindsey is really strutting, that she's been proven right.
144) 1) dialog: Okay, raise your hand if you think that was a Russian water-tentacle.  Lieutenant?  No?  Well, a breakthrough. Coffey is looking out from under his eyebrows like Nichol Bud give her a warning look.  Don't poke at the rattler.
144) 4) dialog: They must've learned how to control water... I mean at a molecular level.  They can plasticize it, polymerize it... whatever.  Put it under intelligent control.
144) 8) dialog: They're curious, maybe.  We could be the first people they've seen up close.
148) 2) dialog: I think they're from 'you know'.  Some place that has similar conditions... cold, intense pressure.  No light.
150) 4) dialog: Oh my God...  Oh no... (steps toward Coffey)
152) 1) dialog: Schoenick... your Lieutenant is about to make a real bad career move...
154) 0) text: Lindsey is up next to the door, with Bud.
154) 1) dialog: ... he's about to declare war on an alien species, Schoenick, just when they're trying to make contact with us. (to Bud)
154) 3) dialog: See? The door opens.  Jammer is standing there.  Schoenick is the far wall, moaning.  Jammer hands the rifle to Hippy a turns to cover the other SEAL.  Monk puts his hands up, p
155) 2) dialog: Now what? They're locked in trimodule-C.  No other doors give acces corridor.  Bud's mind is racing.  He drops down the ladde about two feet of water.  He reaches down and open the em hatch.  Takes off his boots.
155) 4) dialog: Bud, that water's only a couple degrees above freezing.
160) 0) text: Lindsey watching the whole thing going down, ON THE SCREE the sub bay... Bud moving up on Coffey.
160) 2) dialog: He couldn't be that dumb.  The guy's a trained killer.  Bud's idea of a fight is arm-wrestling One Night over laundry duty. ON THE SCREEN, Bud picks up a piece of pipe.  Hefts it. crouched... stalking.  Lindsey yells at the screen in fru
160) 3) dialog: 
162) 1) dialog: 
167) 7) dialog: Forget that... go for Big Geek! Catfish rakes the descending sub with more bursts, trying shimmering shape of the ROV on its back.  UNDERWATER we s arcing wild, a few hitting the ROV but causing little dam Coffey complete his descent to just above the seafloor. empties the weapon.
169) 0) text: Jammer expertly works the crane controls, moving Cab One moonpool from its drydock cradle.  Lindsey and One Night monkeys over the port side crash bars of the swinging sub the hatch tower.
169) 2) text: GO!  You're better in these than I am. Lindsey recognizes this for what it is... a sign of respe reconciliation.  She nods and drops through the hatch.
176) 0) text: Bud swims clear, diving down at an angle along the wall, Coffey's blind area.  Flatbed backs out of the wreckage i It pivots toward Bud.  Moves after him. Nearby, the ROV is whining mindlessly, trying to please. DETAIL OF ROPE attached to wreckage, as Bud's knot begins line starts to play through the knot slowly. BUD has gotten himself into a bad position.  Along the ba cliff wall he is naked, nailed in the spotlights like a r truck.  Coffey puts the hammer down, thrust levers all th Flatbed surges forward, multi-limbed and demonic.  There' side, up or down. Coffey has him head in his lights.  Suddenly a bright gla blinding Coffey.  He looks up to see Cab One rushing down throttle. At the last moment LIndsey slams the thrusters full-lock slews sideways, slamming its heavy skidplate into Flatbed smashed sideways by the shock.  He fights to control his looks up to see Coffey's sub gun it up over the wall, out cruises up over Bud.
176) 1) dialog: Get in! Bud gets the lockout hatch open and clambers up into Cab
177) 0) text: Bud flops over the lip of the hatch and slams it shut.  H Lindsey raises her vehicle warily above the wall.  Throug there is not sign of Coffey.
177) 1) dialog: You owe me one, Virgil.
178) 0) text: Bud is tossed around, ricocheting off the walls.  Lindsey jaw set.  Fighting hard for control.  The A-frame of the She shoots through at full throttle.
179) 0) text: Now the fight is really on.  The two subs are dodging bet modules at full throttle, slamming into each other and th hulls. Coffey sideswipes the smaller sub, jamming it sideways. the flank of one of the trimodules. They head out over empty terrain in a flat-out speed run. Lindsey is jinking and dodging as Flatbed, roars along be up the bottom with its powerful backwash.  Lindsey carves pinnacle, finding herself running parallel to the edge of Coffey is ramming, hammering from behind, then from side Lindsey snarls.  He's pissing her off.  He shouldn't do t Ahead, out of the blackness, another outcropping. Lindsey rises, cuts right. Smashes down into Coffey's craft.  Timing it just right. the rocks. Flatbed slews violently, nosing down.  Crushing into the Pressing the advantage, Lindsey hammers into Flatbed from It smashes full force into a second spire, spinning out o Tangles together, the subs slide down an embankment towar wall.  With her one remaining thruster she jerks clear of her crippled sub.  Flatbed tumbles over the edge. ANGLE DOWN THE WALL as it falls, trailing a cloud of sedi tail, down into the unfathomable blackness below.
182) 0) text: They're both going to have a lot of bruises... Lindsey is surveying the damage.  Water is spraying down shower, and lights are flickering.
182) 1) dialog: You did okay, back there.  I was fairly impressed.
182) 3) dialog: Not in this thing. Lindsey is flipping switches.  Nothing works.
182) 5) dialog: Yeah.  So sue me. Bud looks down.  There's already about a foot of water sl floor at their feet.
182) 7) dialog: You noticed. She picks up and hand-mike of the underwater telephone.
182) 8) dialog: Deepcore, Deepcore, this is Cab One, over. She waits.  No response.
182) 10) dialog: Deepcore, this is Cab One.  We need assistance, over.  Deepcore, this-- With a SEARING CRACKLE or arc-light, a power panel shorts goes black.
182) 11) dialog: Well, that's that.
182) 13) text: There's some light from somewhere... A faint illumination, dimmer than moonlight, washes in th Lindsey scrunches up against the acrylic and scans the da
182) 14) dialog: Over there.  It's the rig. A glow, beyond a rock promontory... like the lights of a hill in the desert.
182) 16) dialog: They'll come out after us.
182) 18) dialog: You see where it's coming in?
182) 21) dialog: I don't know, look around. Bud scans the cramped interior, feels around under the wa knees.
182) 24) dialog: Calm down, Bud. A nervous edge in her voice now.  Bud's turning all aroun for anything, trying to think fast.  Water up to their wa closing in.
182) 26) dialog: How?
182) 28) dialog: We've only got one suit.
182) 30) dialog: Aaargh!!  I'm freezing! She climbs up on the pilots seat, scrunching right up aga keeping as much of herself as possible out of the frigid shaking all over with the cold, and getting drenched from pouring in.
182) 31) dialog: Okay, look, you swim to the rig and come back with another suit.
182) 35) dialog: What, you growing gills all of a sudden?  You got it on, keep it on.
182) 37) dialog: No way!  Forget it.  Not an option. Bud has his pack off uncoupling it.  She keeps fighting h him, hooking it back up.  The desperation of the situatio
182) 39) dialog: NO!!  Now be logical, Bud, you're--
182) 42) dialog: Listen... will you listen to me for a second!? You're for the suit on and you're a better swimmer than me.  Right?  So I got a plan...
182) 44) dialog: I drown, you tow me back to the rig--
182) 47) dialog: Look, this water is only a couple degrees above freezing.  I drown.  I go into deep hypothermia... my blood like icewater.  I can maybe be revived after ten, fifteen minutes.  You got all the stuff to do it on the rig. Bud stops moving and looks into her face, inches from him to their necks.  He knows that, as always, infuriatingly,
182) 49) dialog: It's the only way, Bud.  Now trust me. She takes a deep breath.  Before her nerve fails she busi suit, rehooking everything.
182) 52) dialog: Tell me later. He grabs her head in both hands and pulls her mouth to hi together in a fierce kiss, fueled by passion and terror.. realization of love hanging over the abyss of death. She breaks away at the last possible second and quickly p over his head.  Seats is down over the neck ring.  Lock t sealing it.  Even with her head press up into the highest ceiling, Lindsey's mouth is barely above water.  She give laugh.
182) 53) dialog: This is maybe not such a great plan, is it? She is half-paralyzed with the cold, shaking pathetically the glass of his helmet.  Seconds to go.
182) 54) dialog: Hold me.  Hold me, Bud... I'm so scared... He can't hear her, but he read her lips.  They clutch eac The embrace last while the water rises over her mouth and to choke.  Her hands grip his shoulders like claws.  She Bud holds her, and a scream tears loose from him, a pure
184) 0) text: Bud swims with long, powerful kicks, towing Lindsey.  Her as gracefully as seaweed waving in a gentle current.  Bud short rasps, breathing hard, but icy with control.
187) 13) text: Bud, it's over, man.  It's over. There is a beat of silence.  Bud stares down into Lindsey motionless eyes. TIGHT ON LINDSEY'S EYES, moving in until the pupil FILLS REVERSE, HER POV.  SILENCE.  A distant, distorted image, Night, Jammer, Hippy, Catfish, staring down.  It is like a dark well, their faces shimmering as if through the sur as if we are in a well, descending, looking up at a circl smaller as we drop away... smaller and smaller, receding a point of light in the void, like the fading bright dot turned-off TV. TIGHT ON BUD, rigid, staring.  Catfish puts his hand gent Suddenly Bud tears Catfish's hand away and sets upon Lind renewing his efforts in spades... totally manic.
188) 0) text: TIGHT ON LINDSEY, sleeping peacefully.  WIDER shows Bud h attentive.  They are alone in Bud's tiny cubicle.  Perhap have passed.  She is completely swaddles in blankets, exc and looks like a waif. Lindsey's eyes flutter and open.  The first thing she see over her.  He can't help himself.  The tears break again cheeks.  She seems terribly fragile, but bright and aware faintly... touches his cheek.
188) 1) dialog: Hey... big boys don't cry, remember?
188) 3) dialog: Hi, tough guy.  I guess it worked, huh?
188) 5) dialog: I've been better.  Next time it's your turn, okay? Bud's expression turn inexplicably grim.
189) 1) dialog: No, Bud, no... not you.
189) 6) text: The moment of truth, huh? His breathing is shallow and tense.  He looks at Lindsey. condemned man.  She squeezes his hand.  He takes a deep b
189) 10) dialog: Can you hear me okay? (another thumbs up)
189) 12) dialog: I already have, moron. They help Bud to the edge of the dive platform.  Jammer a Geek into the water and Bud grabs onto it.  Hippy yells r helmet.
190) 1) dialog: We're right here with you, Bud.  Your depth is 3800 feet.  You're doing fine. Bud comes upon the twisted wreckage of the crane, hanging like a forty-ton yo-yo at the end of the umbilical.
191) 2) dialog: Bud, according to Monk here, you just set a record for the deepest suit dive.  Bet you didn't think you'd be doing this when you got up this morning. The screen print out:  CALL GUINESS.  They laugh.  So far later...
193) 0) text: Lindsey has the microphone gripped tightly, and the light a bit brittle.
193) 1) dialog: 8500 feet, Bud.  Everything okay?
193) 3) dialog: Ensign Monk want to know how you feel. ON THE SCREEN, printing out: COLD.
193) 4) dialog: Big baby. Then:  HANDS SHAKING.  HHARD TO TYPE.
193) 7) dialog: Don't forget Bud, you're being graded on spelling as well as sentence structure, so concentrate, okay? (long pause)
193) 8) text: Bud, I... uh, there's some things I want to say. It's hard for me.  I'm not of those softy, gooey- center-type people.  It's not easy, you know, being a cast-iron bitch.  It takes discipline and years of training.  A lot of people don't appreciate that. Lindsey has somehow tuned out the others in the room.  In with Bud, out in the darkness.
193) 9) dialog: But is wasn't all bad.  I know that.  You remember that bike trip... we rode the Honda up through Oregon?  It took me a week to get my hair untangled, but I've never been happier.  It was the most... free... I've ever felt.  I'm sorry I can't tell you these things to your face.
194) 0) text: Bud is visibly trembling, gritting his teeth... holding o of pressure takes him. LINDSEY (V.O./filtered)
197) 2) dialog: Shut up, Hippy.  Bud, how you doing? He types: SE LUMINUS THINNGS Everyone snaps suddenly alert.
197) 4) dialog: What kind of luminous things, Bud?
199) 2) dialog: Bud, it's the pressure.  Try to concentrate. Concentrate on my voice.  Just listen to my voice.
200) 0) text: Bud emerges from the school of squid.  As he falls, they of swirling colors above him.  He stares upwards, transfi ghostly blizzard of luminescence above him.  A spectral f the patternless glow... resolving into Lindsey's face, a Gazing down at him, her expression sad.  Her image recede the darkness above as he falls. DOWN ANGLE ON BUD, reaching up in anguish.
201) 0) text: Lindsey watches as Bud haltingly types out:  YOUR GOING A
201) 1) dialog: I'm not going away, Bud.  I'm right here, right here with you.  This is Lindsey, Bud.  I'm right here.
203) 4) dialog: I know how alone you feel... alone in all that cold blackness... but I'm there in the dark with you, Bud you're not alone... Lindsey seems not to be in the room, but to be with him, She is oblivious to the others.
204) 0) text: Blackness.  Then a bright light appears... he's lit a MAG It's fierce, flickering glare lights his plunge.  Bud dis little ROV and free-falls like a skydiver without a chute hits a ledge and rolls off.  Tumbles forward in a cloud o another outcropping, limp as a rag doll.  Rocks and sand as he continues his descent. Bud us quivering, teeth locked in a titanic rigor. He pulls his arms and legs slowly into a fetal position. In the plunge toward death he has gone he has gone full c the womb in which we all breathe the water of life before air and light.  Still, there is Lindsey's voice, faintly
204) 1) dialog: You remember that time, you were pretty drunk, you probably don't remember... the power went out at the old apartment, the one on Orange Street... and we were staring at that one little candle, and I said something really dumb like that candle is me, like every one of us is out there alone in the dark in this life...
205) 0) text: TIGHT ON LINDSEY as she grips the microphone.  Her voice whisper.  Her eyes are intense, focused on a point far be room.
205) 1) dialog: ... and you lit another candle and put it beside mine and said "that's me"... and we stared at the two candles, and then we... well, if you remember any of it, I'm sure you remember the next part.  Bud, there are two candles in the dark.  I'm with you.  I'll always be with you.
207) 0) text: Catfish gently takes the microphone from Lindsey's hands
207) 2) dialog: Bud?  You hangin' in there?  Talk to me, Bud. Are you okay? There is an agonizing pause, then the letters appear slow FEEL BETER.  SOM LITE BELOW.
207) 3) dialog: What kind of light?
211) 1) dialog: Would we see the flash?
211) 6) dialog: Drop you weights and start back now!  The gauge could be wrong...
213) 2) dialog: No!  You can make it!  You hear me?  Drop your weights... you... can breathe shallow... you... it could be wrong-- Lindsey's voice has twisted into a sob.  She begins to we
213) 3) dialog: Oh God, Virgil, please...
213) 7) dialog: Love you. There is no reply.
231) 0) text: Lindsey is slumped in a chair, just staring.  Withdrawn. The others are conserving oxygen and heat, huddling in th The air is looking pretty thick.  The speaker of the hydr crackles to life.
231) 9) dialog: No it's not.
231) 12) dialog: It says...
231) 20) dialog: 
235) 5) dialog: We should be dead.  We didn't decompress.
235) 8) dialog: Oh, yes.  I think you could say that. She blinks.  Seeing something not far away.  She gives a something between laughing and crying. REVERSE, as Bud walks up the curving incline of one of th enterances to the NTI structure.  His suit is casually un helmet dangles from one hand jauntily. She starts toward him.  Breaks into a run.  Then stops a Watching him come to her. His smile, his eyes illuminating her. He stops and she touches him, lightly.  Is this real? The look at each other, wonderingly a moment. Then laugh.  She sniffs loudly.
235) 9) dialog: Hello, Brigman.