24) 3) text: Just hold it over the deck. Coffey goes back to the crew deck, moving easily in the b nods to the others SEALs, MONK, WILHITE, and SCHOENICK. door, Wilhite clips a 100 foot nylon rope to the airframe coil.  One by one the shoulder the gear-bags, grab the ro Lindsey stands swaying in the chopper door, watching the to the deck.  One, two, three.  Coffey looks at her.
30) 0) text: Ten foot waves crash through the launch-well, sending up Next to the launch-well, crewman have attached a lifting eighteen feet of ugly yellow submersible.  It slams viole cradle as the drill-ship rolls.  Coffey and Schoenick han to Wilhite and Monk though the hatch under the rear of th Lindsey approaches, wearing a borrowed roustabout's cover She looks down at the larger of the two equipment cases b lying on the deck.  Stenciled on it are the words: F.B.S. Coffey and Schoenick push past her to pick it up.
59) 5) dialog: Your MIRV is a tactical nuke, 50 kilotons nominal yield.  Say times time Hiroshima.
81) 0) text: For a second time the black hull of the ballistic missile by diver's lights.  Tiny figures, the divers move like mo streetlight.  Wilhite, Monk and Schoenick are clustered a hatch.  Using a large lift bag, they are removing the fra or 'diaphragm'.  Coffey pilots Flatbed with increasing de the big arm to aid in the work. DOWN ANGLE as the diaphragm lifts away... revealing the b TRIDENT C-4 MISSLE.  Like looking down the barrel of a gu aimed right at you.
83) 2) text: Remove explosive bolts one through six in counterclock-wise sequence. SCHOENICK (filtered)
85) 0) text: It is now clear what the SEALs are doing.  Using large li big arm, they have pulled one of the Trident C-4 missiles launch tube, and have partially disassembled the nose-shr several of the MIRV warheads within. Moving very carefully, Wilhite and Schoenick ease one of out of its bracket.  Hanging under a lift-bag in a jerry- three-foot long warhead is move gently by the divers to t
105) 0) text: All hell has broken loose.  SIRENS, SCREAMING, a KLAXON H Bud sprints from Control, bouncing off the corridor walls lurches and tilts.  The lights go out.  Emergency light c and falls, scrambles up, running on. IN THE LADDERWELL of trimodule C, Lindsey runs toward the K-BOOM!  A searing bright EXPLOSION in the electrical roo through the doorway.  She dashed to a seawater hose hangi to unroll it.  She sees Coffey and Schoenick in maintenan the mystery package.
111) 0) text: Coffey and Schoenick, in emergency breathing masks, are f a seawater hose and fire extinguishers.  Smoke and steam chambers. Nearby, Lindsey grabs Hippy's arm as he is running past a blazing compressor room.  Hands him her seawater hose.  W blasting everything in sight with water.
114) 0) text: Bud walks down the corridor from control, slowly... as if weight.  The air is still thick with smoke.  The power of lit by emergency lights.  Makeshift quarters have been se hall, with blankets laid out on the tables, and with fold storage room across the hall.  Jammer is still unconsciou Schoenick bring Monk in on a stretcher, and set him up on conscious but dazed with painkillers, his led splinted.
126) 0) text: Coffey and Schoenick are bending over the warhead.  They removed and are attaching waterproof leads from an ELECTR black box Lindsey glimpsed earlier.  As the two SEALs wor see past Coffey's shoulder to a hemispherical window behi out into the perpetual blackness.  Something appears... a Big Geek rises silently in front of the port.  It moves a get a peek over Coffey's shoulder.
129) 7) text: Escort her to quarters and have Monk prepare a tranquilizer. Schoenick takes her arm in a tight grip.
129) 15) text: Weren't we? ANGLE FROM BEHIND COFFEY, as Bud's group moves out of sig Hands behind his back.  In his hand, cocked, finger on th .45.  He turns and sets it on the table, steadying himsel he seems to sag.  When he looks at Schoenick, his eyes ar animal.  Voice shaky.
139) 0) text: Coffey and Schoenick enter the back way, through the dive the pseudopod arching from the moonpool big as a treetrun blown.  We can smell the insulation burning.  He just sta
141) 0) text: Coffey finally jump-starts his brain.  In a flash of insi big sliding door through which the pseudopod stretches in and Schoenick heave on the door.  Like a guillotine blade effortlessly through it.
145) 0) text: Outside the mess hall, Coffey pauses, listening to the co Bright speculation, a few jokes.  Coffey is visible shaki Pupils dilated.  Schoenick looks at him with concern.
145) 2) dialog: You need to get some sleep. Coffey walks away without hearing him.  Schoenick catches
149) 0) text: Hippy freezes in the corridor as he hears a loud ratcheti the sub-bay.  He edges forward slowly, trying to keep his steel floor.  Slides up along the wall next to the door. around the doorframe.  Across the room. Schoenick is work lowering Big Geek onto the MIRV warhead, which is still o begins to attach them together with a sling of tie-down s Hippy lets his breath out slowly.  His expression is Holy He slides back along the corridor wall, silently.  Away f turn turns quickly to go... WHAM!  Coffey slams him up ag .45 pressed to Hippy's temple.  Hippy gulping air as Coff hammer.
150) 6) dialog: 
150) 11) dialog: Three hours.
152) 0) text: Their only hope is to sway Schoenick.  But the SEAL's fea perfect machine, totally dependent on external orders.  A clear.  They can see him through the tiny window in the d the tape painfully off her mouth.