18) 0) text: Flatbed's pilot, LISA 'ONE NIGHT' STANDING, can be clearl bubble canopy.  She is a no-nonsense lady who holds her o male environment by being one of the best submersible dri business.  She controls a hydraulic manipulator arm, assi ARLISS 'SONNY' DAWSON, in his work.  Little Geek hovers a tiny helicopter.  One Night moves the Flatbed arm to Sonn pipe.
18) 2) dialog: Just in time, sugar. They react to Bud's recall, looking toward him up in the
18) 4) dialog: There was a time when I would have asked why. One Night makes a grab for his butt with the manipulator narrowly avoids.
20) 2) dialog: Hell is I know. One Night jumps 'ashore' from Flatbed's broad deck and jo is unzipping his bulky dry-suit.
20) 8) dialog: She-hit.
52) 2) dialog: This tells us how much radiation we get?
65) 4) dialog: I'm alright, I'm dealing.
72) 9) dialog: You got it?!  You got it?
76) 9) dialog: Hey, hey!  There's the Explorer. A LONG LENSE VIDEO SHOT of the Benthic Explorer and the o stormy sea CUTS TO a shot of BILL TYLER, the on-scene rep gear, clutching his microphone.  He is on the deck of a N being used as a staging area from the press, well away fr operation.
113) 0) text: Sonny flips some switches on the UQC acoustic transceiver
113) 1) dialog: Benthic Explorer, Benthic Explorer.  Do you read, over?  This is Deepcore--
114) 4) text: I was under orders.  I had no choice. Coffey's manner is subdued, contrite.  A marked contrast brusque arrogance.  He's wrestling with his own loss, a s tight brotherhood of a SEAL unit.  Bud's anger is not dis can't address it now.  He moves on. PAST THE INFIRMARY, where Sonny Dawson is rigging a sling arm.  He cries out in pain, cursing at himself.  LOOKING as Bud crosses.  Down through the grill decking we can se of the module is flooded.  Catfish is down there welding, reflections through the chamber.
123) 2) dialog: What is that?  You drop your dive light? WIDER, SHOWING THE GROUP huddled around Lindsey who has h slide roll laid out on the pinball machine, using it as a
135) 0) text: Sonny has made himself comfortable in front of the screen He's asleep, chin on his chest.  On the main passive-sona imperceptibly faint trace appears.  A HUM, which is by no audible.  Sonny shifts in his seat.  Doesn't wake.
138) 0) text: LOOKING DOWN three levels through the central ladderwell cylinders.  The pseudopod enters and undulates upward. FROM INSIDE THE MAKESHIFT BUNKROOM, we see its tip extend Sonny and One Night are snoring, oblivious.  Jammer is st pseudopod, taking its time, checks them out and then move IN THE MESS HALL, it's dark and quiet.  Lindsey has even chair, her head buried in her arms on the table.  The shi enters the room in total silence.  It sways gracefully in It undulates across the room, hanging about five feet in everything.  It moves past Lindsey.  Sensing something, s turning... sees the apparition next to her. Her eyes go wide.  Amazement, but not fear.  The tentacle searching.  Lindsey shakes Bud awake, clapping her hand o Bud blinks twice, then freezes.  When she lowers her hand open like a total goon. Bud chucks his pillow are Catfish, on the next table. Catfish cracks one eye open.  Turns away.  Turns right ba now.  Sensing movement, the thing turn back toward them. recognize Lindsey.  It doubles back on itself in a loop a her.  She holds her ground, fascinated. The bulbous tip forms suddenly into a human face... her f still clear and undulating... but definitely Lindsey.  Sh The liquid-Lindsey gasps soundlessly... a perfect mimic o Lindsey laughs involuntarily.  It laughs... without sound face, sticking out her tongue... testing it. The liquid-Lindsey does the same.  Bud has just had the r under his sense of what is possible and what isn't, but h will, considering.
142) 0) text: Sonny wakes up with a start as the HUM revs up into a LOU fades away.  He scrambles to track it.  Too late.
144) 9) dialog: Hope they don't judge the whole race offa us.
187) 1) dialog: Here he comes! Jammer and Sonny leap into the freezing water, waist deep diving platform.  Bud bursts to the surface.  Together th across the platform, out of the water, and onto the deck. white, her chest still. Bud rips his helmet off in a near-frenzy, like a man poss mission.  The others are galvanized by his energy even th Lindsey as dead, a corpse... cold and inert.  Water flows nose and her lips are blue, her limbs completely limp.  H eyelid, to find the pupil fixed and dilated. But when Bud shouts for them to move, they move.