24) 3) text: Just hold it over the deck. Coffey goes back to the crew deck, moving easily in the b nods to the others SEALs, MONK, WILHITE, and SCHOENICK. door, Wilhite clips a 100 foot nylon rope to the airframe coil.  One by one the shoulder the gear-bags, grab the ro Lindsey stands swaying in the chopper door, watching the to the deck.  One, two, three.  Coffey looks at her.
30) 0) text: Ten foot waves crash through the launch-well, sending up Next to the launch-well, crewman have attached a lifting eighteen feet of ugly yellow submersible.  It slams viole cradle as the drill-ship rolls.  Coffey and Schoenick han to Wilhite and Monk though the hatch under the rear of th Lindsey approaches, wearing a borrowed roustabout's cover She looks down at the larger of the two equipment cases b lying on the deck.  Stenciled on it are the words: F.B.S. Coffey and Schoenick push past her to pick it up.
56) 0) text: Cab One maneuvers along the flank of the enormous sub, wh Three move above it.  Wilhite take readings with a hand-h
56) 4) dialog: Negative.  Nominal.
81) 0) text: For a second time the black hull of the ballistic missile by diver's lights.  Tiny figures, the divers move like mo streetlight.  Wilhite, Monk and Schoenick are clustered a hatch.  Using a large lift bag, they are removing the fra or 'diaphragm'.  Coffey pilots Flatbed with increasing de the big arm to aid in the work. DOWN ANGLE as the diaphragm lifts away... revealing the b TRIDENT C-4 MISSLE.  Like looking down the barrel of a gu aimed right at you.
83) 0) text: The divers are working head-first in the missile's launch from a plasticized card, directing the other two step by litany is punctuated by the hissing rasp of their breathi WILHITE (filtered)
85) 0) text: It is now clear what the SEALs are doing.  Using large li big arm, they have pulled one of the Trident C-4 missiles launch tube, and have partially disassembled the nose-shr several of the MIRV warheads within. Moving very carefully, Wilhite and Schoenick ease one of out of its bracket.  Hanging under a lift-bag in a jerry- three-foot long warhead is move gently by the divers to t
107) 0) text: Hippy runs in.  The place is going nuts.  Water floods fr the rig tilts.  Wilhite is dancing across the deck, leapi gas cylinders which are rolling around loose.  Cab One ju cradle and slides SCREECHING across the deck.  Wilhite, r 12-tom juggernaut, had no place to go.  The SEAL dives in moonpool.  Cab One slams into the end wall, then spins an Hippy. He starts to run.  Drop something.  Looks back. Beany, in his zip-loc bag, is lying in the path of the sl Hippy runs back.  Scoops up the baggie.  Cab One FILLS FR He makes it through the door an instant before the thing buckling the steel doorframe. Wilhite is clawing up the sheep skirting of the moonpool. over the top.  Pulls himself up... A steel helium tank slams against his fingers, crushing t back.  More tanks bounce over the lip of the pool, hammer into the foaming water. He doesn't surface.