19) 2) text: The CAMERA reaches the top of the stairs, we see a door t slowly CREAKS open. We move into the room beyond, it's  decorated with stuff from the 50's and a giant crucifix. HEAR a televangelist's sermon. We MOVE CLOSE on a little  girl's doll. Very slowly a MAN'S HAND reaches for the dol and drags it into the shadows. The hand throws the now  mutilated doll into a toilet; water and blood swirl aroun We see grainy footage (shot off of TV) of Christians angr picketing an abortion clinic. CREDITS come up: THE END. FILM BY ROBERTA ALLSWORTH.
20) 0) text: The lights go on, the VIDEO ends and the monitor is shut  off. There are about a dozen students, mostly pimply 14-year-o boys, a few 14-ish girls, and Enid, dressed in schoolgirl outfit. The teacher, ROBERTA ALLSWORTH, addresses the cla
20) 1) dialog: That piece is entitled  "Mirror/Father/Mirror." I like to  show it to people I'm meeting for  the first time because it says so  much about who I am and what it feels  like to inhabit my specific skin.   And this is exactly what I'm hoping  to get from each of you over the  course of this Summer: a picture of  your own self-exploration. My own  background is in video and performance  art, but I'm hoping that doesn't  influence you and that you'll find  your own ways of externalizing the  internal. At the end of the Summer,  this class has been invited, along  with several others in the area, to  participate in a show of High-School  art at the Neighborhood Activity  Center. The title of the show will  be "Brotherhood and Community: Art  as Dialogue." I think the  "Brotherhood" theme ties in nicely  with the theme of self-discovery  that I'd like to emphasize in this  class. Are there any questions so  far? (she's completely  lost them) Great...
32) 1) dialog: I'm not going to start a discourse  on the subject of "good" art vs.  "bad" art; these judgments are for  each person to make on his own. I  merely want to help each of you find  the best way to look within yourselves  the best key to your particular lock.  Last week I asked you to-try and  create a piece of artwork that  responds to something that you have  strong feelings about.
32) 3) dialog: And it looks like we have some really  interesting work up here....
32) 4) text: Roberta peruses some of the art, then points to a very vi drawing.
32) 5) dialog: What can you tell, us about your  piece... uh... (struggles to read  signature) ...Phillip?
32) 7) dialog: My goodness!
32) 9) dialog: (trying to make a  joke) I thought maybe this was supposed to  be your father.
32) 10) text: No response from Phillip. Roberta nicks up Enid's sketchb and leafs through it.
32) 11) dialog: And what can you tell us about this... (searches for name)
32) 13) text: We see several sketches, including the drawing of the  SATANISTS. Roberta shows a few pages to the class.
32) 14) dialog: I think that Phillip and Enid can  help us to see that there are-many  different ways we can express  ourselves.  We can do things like  these cartoons that are amusing as a  sort of light entertainment or we  can do work that is more serious in  scope and feeling and that deals  with issues; emotional, spiritual,  political; of great importance. I  hope that you will each have the  tools to do that type of work by the  end of this class. (pause, points at 
32) 17) dialog: Talk to us about it...
32) 19) dialog: Isn't this a wonderful piece, class?  This definitely falls into that higher  category of art I was speaking of  earlier.
42) 1) dialog: Who is this, Enid?
42) 3) dialog: And what was your reason for choosing  him as your subject?
42) 5) dialog: I see... interesting...
42) 7) dialog: What do we have here, Margaret?
42) 10) dialog: I can see that... now what can you  tell us about it? First of all, what  kind of sculpture is this?
42) 12) dialog: Very good. Now, what can you tell us  about it in regard to your artistic  intent?
42) 14) dialog: This shocking image of repressed  femininity!
42) 16) dialog: I think it's really a wonderful piece,  Margaret!
42) 18) dialog: This illustrates perfectly what I  was saying about not being afraid to  use controversial imagery, class...
49) 1) dialog: Let's address some discussion to  this piece.
49) 3) dialog: Can you tell us why?
49) 8) dialog: These are all valid comments, but I  think we should see if the artist  has anything to bring to this.
49) 10) dialog: Did you actually do this painting?
49) 12) dialog: And how do you think this addresses  the subject of racism?
49) 14) dialog: And how does an image like this help  us to see that?
49) 16) text: A long pause as Roberta and the class stare at the painti
49) 17) dialog: I don't really know what to say,  Enid... (another over-long  pause) ...It's a remarkable achievement.
57) 0) text: A toothy, zit-covered 14-YEAR-OLD BOY poses with a very p made sculpture. A flash goes off and he jumps slightly,  sending pieces of his sculpture flying. It's Roberta, taking photos. She moves on to Enid, in fro of her big painting.
57) 1) dialog: Smile, Enid...
57) 2) text: Enid ad-libs a weird expression as... the flash goes off. Roberta now turns to address the class.
57) 3) dialog: I'm going to miss you people... I  feel that we've all done a lot of  growing this summer. I hope that  each of you feels as though you'll  be taking away something from this  experience; I know I certainly will  be...
57) 5) dialog: Remember, the art show is this  Saturday at seven-thirty sharp. Try  to get there at least 15 minutes  early.
57) 7) dialog: Enid, can I talk to you for a minute?
57) 9) dialog: Don't worry - it's nothing bad. I  was just wondering what your plans  were for next year?
57) 11) dialog: Well, I know this is really short  notice, but I got a call from a very  close friend at the Academy of Art &amp;  Design and she tells me that I'm  allowed to place one student from  your graduating class in a one year  scholarship program... and, well, I  hope you don't mind, Enid, but I  took the liberty of submitting your  name.
57) 14) dialog: As far as I know it includes housing  and meals and everything... it is  really quite an offer...
57) 16) dialog: (pause) So what do you think?
57) 18) dialog: Well, yes...
57) 20) dialog: Let me know as soon as you can, Enid.  This could be a great thing for you.
72) 0) text: A homemade banner reads: "HIGH SCHOOL ART SHOW - BROTHERH AND COMMUNITY: ART AS DIALOGUE." Along one wall is all th work from Roberta's class: a collection of eccentric abst bric-a-brac and Enid's large painting. The painting has d a small crowd. We see a chain of events beginning with th PARENTS talking to a matronly DIRECTOR/CURATOR who in tur seeks out Roberta (wearing make-up and fancy-ish clothes the first time).
72) 2) dialog: I will do no such thing.
72) 4) text: She marches towards it. Roberta runs after her.
72) 5) dialog: I think we should give the artist a  chance to talk to the parents about  her intentions with this piece...   We should be promoting discussion as  a solution, not censorship.
72) 6) text: Roberta sees Margaret and grabs her.
72) 7) dialog: Margaret, have you seen Enid?
72) 8) text: Margaret shrugs "no." ROBERTA looks through the crowd. A  college-age news-hack-type with a FREE WEEKLY T-SHIRT sna a photo of the DIRECTOR removing Enid's painting.
78) 0) text: Roberta is in there with a bearded EX-HIPPY COLLEAGUE. They're covering a STUDENT in plaster.
78) 2) text: Roberta, absorbed in her plastering, glances at Enid.
78) 3) dialog: Just a minute...
78) 5) dialog: Enid! I'm so sorry about what  happened.
78) 7) dialog: The whole business with the art show  and the newspaper -- it's absolutely --
78) 9) dialog: Didn't Principal Jaffee call you?
78) 11) dialog: Oh my goodness... well, the whole  thing is just ridiculous, and as  soon as the school board is back in  session next Fall I'm going to do  everything I can to help you.
78) 13) dialog: Well they're forcing me to give you  a non-passing grade in the class  because of what happened at the  exhibition... but don't worry -- I'm  sure I'll be able to get you your  diploma in the Fall!
78) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, Enid - you have to be an  official high school graduate before  I can nominate you.  I had to give  it to someone else...  But I'm sure  next year I can --