79) 0) text: Sam's ex-wife, BUNNY KINCAID, shuffles across her living  room in slippers, crossing to turn off a big-screen TV pl football highlights. Bunny wears shorts, a Houston Oilers sweatshirt and a Dallas Cowboys cap. The living room is l a sports museum-- signed footballs, team posters, a bookc filled with tapes of Texas pro and college football games
79) 1) dialog: The Longhorns gonna kick some serious  butt this Saturday, you just watch.  We got a kid at tailback from down  your way--outta El Indio--
79) 3) dialog: Oh. Right. And you're in--?
79) 6) dialog: Well, Daddy's got his box at the  stadium, of course, and I'll fly to  the Cowboy away games when they're  in the Conference. Then there's the  high school on Friday' nights. West  Side got a boy 6'6", 310, moves like  a cat. High school, we're talkin'.  Guess how much he can bench-press?
79) 8) dialog: Do I seem jumpy?
79) 10) dialog: Last year was awful rough--Mama  passing on and the whole business  with O.J.--I mean it's not like it  was Don Meredith or Roger Staubach  or one of our own boys, but it really  knocked me for a loop--
79) 12) dialog: --and that squeaker the Aggies dropped  to Oklahoma-sonofabitch stepped in  some lucky shit before he kicked  that goal--
79) 14) dialog: --they hadn't pulled me off that  woman I would have jerked a knot in  her.
79) 16) dialog: Daddy calls it an "altercation." How  you doing, Sam? You look skinny.
79) 18) dialog: You look awful good in that uniform,  though.
79) 20) dialog: Daddy hired a pinhead to take your  job. He says so himself. Says "Even  my son-in-law was better than this  pinhead I got now".
79) 22) dialog: Least he never called me that. With  me, it was always "high-strung." "My  Bunny might have done something with  her life, she wasn't so high-strung."  Or "tightly wound," that was another  one. You seeing anyone?
79) 24) dialog: Yeah. Sort of. Daddy rounds 'em up.  You aren't talking about money, their  beady little eyes go dead.
79) 26) dialog: You watch the draft this year? 'Course  you didn't, idiot question. They try  to make it dramatic, like there's  some big surprise who picks who in  the first round? Only they been  working it over with their experts  and their computers for months.  Doctor's reports, highlight reels,  coaches' evaluations, psychological  profiles--hell, I wouldn't be  surprised if they collected stool  samples on these boys, have 'em  analyzed. All this stuff to pick a  football player for your squad.  Compared to that, what you know about  the person you get married to don't  amount to diddly, does it?
79) 28) dialog: You kind of bought yourself a pig in  a poke, didn't you, Sam? All that  time we were first seeing each other  you didn't know I was tightly wound--
79) 30) dialog: No, it wasn't, was it? You didn't  exactly throw yourself into it heart  and soul, did you? She looks at him for an uncomfortably long moment--
79) 31) dialog: Your shit's still in the garage if  that's what you came for. Sam nods, stands. Bunny is in tears--
79) 32) dialog: 350 pounds.
79) 34) dialog: This boy from West Side, plays tackle  both ways. Bench-presses 350 pounds.  You imagine having that much weight  on top of you? Pushing down? Be hard  to breathe. Hard to swallow.
79) 36) dialog: "I only got my little girl now," he  says, "she's my lifeline." Then he  tells me I can't be in the box anymore  if I can't control myself. Sonofabitch  don't even watch the damn game, just  sits there drinking with his bidness  friends, look up at the TV now and  then. I do better to sit in the cheap  seats with some real football people.
79) 38) text: You look good, Bunny. It's nice to  see you.
79) 39) dialog: (Smiles)