7) 0) text: Sweat beads the forehead of a thin, tired-looking recent  immigrant, ENRIQUE, as he delivers platters of chile rell to a booth. MEXICAN MUSIC plays on a jukebox in the b.g. HOLD on the booth, where HOLLIS POGUE, in his 60s enterta two GOOD OLD BOYS--
7) 1) dialog: So Buddy walks up to the porch and  there's old Fishbait McHenry, cleanin'  the dirt out his toenails with a  pocketknife--he was the most hygienic  of all the McHenrys-- The breakfast companions are laughing already--
7) 2) dialog: "Fishbait," says Buddy, in that quiet  way of his, "What you know about  them tires that went missing from  markets?" Fishbait thinks for a  minute, then he lifts up a loose  board from the porch floor and calls  down into it, "C'mon out, Pooter,  they caught us!"
7) 5) dialog: He known who it was onnacouna the  tire tracks in the dirt from the  back of the garage to where they  loaded up. "Old Fishbait," he says,  "never lifted a thing in this world  if there was a way he could roll  it." More laughter--
7) 8) dialog: Sam! I was just telling a few about  your old man.
7) 11) dialog: Big day coming up--I wish we'd have  thought of it while he was still  living. But he went so unexpected.
7) 14) dialog: Oh, you know, the usual troublemakers.  Danny Padilla from the Sentinel,  that crowd.
7) 16) dialog: King wasn't Mexican, Fenton--
7) 20) dialog: There was a faction pulling for that  boy who was killed in the Gulf War--  Ruben--
7) 22) dialog: Right. But nobody here ever noticed  him till they read his name on the  national news--
7) 24) dialog: That's not the whole story. The  Mexicans that know, that remember,  understand what Buddy was for their  people.  Hell, it was Mercedes over  there who swung the deciding vote  for him. Sam looks to the register where Pilar's mother, MERCEDES  CRUZ, whacks rolls of change apart on the counter. She se to be avoiding looking toward him.
7) 26) dialog: She put it even at three to three,  so as the Mayor I get to cast the  tiebreaker. The older generation  won't have any problem with it. They  remember how Buddy come to be Sheriff,  that it was all 'cause he took their  part.
7) 28) dialog: Hell, everybody heard that story a  million times.
7) 32) dialog: The two of us were the only deputies  back then me and Buddy--it's what--
7) 35) dialog: And the Sheriff at the time was Big  Charley Wade. Charley was one of  your old-fashioned bribe-or-bullets  kind of Sheriffs, he took a healthy  bite out of whatever moved through  this county. He looks down at the table--
7) 36) dialog: It was in here one night, back  when  Jimmy Herrera run the place.   Started  right here in this booth. We PAN down to the table, The food has changed. The torti are in a straw basket instead of plastic. The jukebox cha to ANOTHER SONG and the LIGHT DIMS slightly. A hand with big Masonic ring on one finger appears to lift a tortilla underneath it lie three ten-dollar bills.  The hand lifts them up and we TILT to see the face of SHERIFF CHARLEY WA a big, mean redneck with shrewd eyes. It is 1957--
7) 39) text: Wade sits across from his young deputies, YOUNG HOLLIS (3 and BUDDY DEEDS (20s). A chicken-fried steak sits untouch in front of Buddy. Hollis has the anxious look of an erra boy, while Buddy is self-contained and quietly forceful f his age.
7) 65) dialog: "Mas cerveza por favor."
7) 68) dialog: We made our collection at Roderick's  place and that was the last anybody  seen hide nor hair of him.  He went  missing the next day, along with ten  thousand dollars in county funds  from the safe at the jail.
7) 70) dialog: Not a peep. Buddy run the man out of  town.
7) 73) dialog: Oh--he come to an accommodation.  Money doesn't always need to change  hands to keep the wheels turning.
7) 75) dialog: Look, I know you had some problems  with your father, and he and Muriel--  well--
7) 77) dialog: --but Buddy Deeds was my salvation. Sam nods, speaks softly--
20) 0) text: A nasty-looking thing. Only a bass would want to eat this Hollis leans in to peer at the thing dangling before his  face.
20) 1) text: Hollis sits in the swivel chair of a bass boat tied to a  dock at the lake, going through his box of lures. Sam app on the dock and steps down.
20) 3) dialog: Sam! Hey podner! You caught me playing  hooky--
20) 6) dialog: Sounds great. Where do I sign up?
20) 8) dialog: You go by your old house?
20) 10) dialog: Just as well. The new people just  painted it some God-awful color--
20) 12) dialog: Was it Davy Crockett or Jim Bowie?
20) 15) dialog: Charley? I believe he was. Used to  go for lodge meetings over to Laredo.  What's he got to do with your body?
20) 18) dialog: I told the story enough times--hell,  we were just in the car, he was  stewing about the fight with Buddy  while we drove over to Roderick  Bledsoe's--
20) 20) dialog: He owned the colored roadhouse before  Big O--
20) 22) dialog: No. I think his widow's still in  their place in Darktown, though. (Shakes his bead)
20) 26) dialog: There's no call for that, Sam. Fella  made himself a pile of enemies over  the years.
20) 28) dialog: We got that dedication tomorrow.  This is a hell of a time to be  draggin' up old business.
20) 30) dialog: And I understand why you might want  to think he could. This is a low blow, but accurate enough to shake Sam.
20) 32) dialog: Look at all this, would you? My  tackle, the boat, all to catch a  little old fish just minding its  business on the bottom of the lake. He gives Sam a look--
20) 33) dialog: Hardly seems worth the effort--does  it, Sam? Sam walks away--
23) 0) text: The joint is crowded, people drinking, talking, laughing, few dancing, all trying to avoid locking eyes with Sherif Wade, who sits with his legs stretched out at a table. Young Hollis sits by him, smiling uncomfortably. Sax-wail R&amp;B blasts from the jukebox. YOUNG OTIS, a slick, con character with straightened hair and a silk shirt on, in early 20s, stops to talk with a MAN on his way to bring a tray with a couple beers and glasses over.
35) 0) text: Hollis is finishing his oration, having put the crowd in good mood.
35) 1) dialog: Sometime in the early '70s a reporter  from a national magazine was talking  to the governor of our Lone Star  state, and he asked him, "Governor,  what's your ideal of what a real  Texan ought to be?" Governor said,  "That's easy, son- you just go down  to Rio County and get a look at  Sheriff Buddy Deeds." Applause--
35) 4) dialog: Thank you. We've got one more person  to hear from--
35) 5) dialog: 
35) 6) dialog: --and he's somebody who probably  knew Buddy better than any of us,  Sam--would you say a few words?
35) 17) dialog: And now my fellow Council member and  one of Frontera's most respected  businesswomen, Mrs. Mercedes Cruz,  will do the honors for us.
53) 0) text: Young Hollis strolls around the truck as if he's consider buying it.  He reaches in and flicks the RADIO OFF--
53) 10) text: Hollis wanders over to stand by Wade--
54) 1) dialog: Hooligans--
54) 2) text: Hollis and a couple of MEN from the Public Work Departmen look at the damage.
54) 3) dialog: It happens again, we build a fence  around it.
72) 0) text: Hollis is sitting alone in a booth, working on some heuvo rancheros.  Sam slides in across from him--
72) 2) dialog: Sam! Quite a do the other day. It  meant a lot to folks that you said  something.
72) 4) dialog: We have a murder?
72) 6) dialog: I wish I could tell you I remembered  something new, but I can't.
72) 8) dialog: Do you?
72) 10) dialog: You lived in the man's house what-- seventeen, eighteen years? And you  didn't get to know him any better  than that?
93) 0) text: The door opens. The place is empty now except for Otis,  standing behind the bar, deep in conversation with Hollis sitting on a stool. Both swivel to look around guiltily a they hear Sam step in--
93) 3) dialog: Hey, Sam.
93) 10) dialog: Your father had the finest sense of  justice of any man I ever met--
93) 12) dialog: Buddy Deeds--
96) 6) dialog: MUSIC CONTINUES. Mouth open in horror--
96) 17) text: This isn't what Sam was expecting. Hollis watches his fac
96) 18) dialog: The three of us cleaned up and took  him to the post and put him under.  Can't say I was much help.
96) 20) dialog: Widow's benefits. He figured it would  make the disappearance look better,  and that Mexican gal was just scrapin'  by after Charley killed her man.  They didn't get hooked up till late--
96) 22) dialog: What's the call, Sam? Sam rolls it over in his mind before answering--
96) 24) dialog: Word gets out who that body was,  people are gonna think Buddy done  it. Sam gets up--