22) 1) dialog: MINNIE BLEDSOE, in her 60s, sits on her porch in the old  Black section of town, playing with a Gameboy. She has ve thick glasses on. Sam walks up to her from his car--
22) 3) dialog: That's me.
22) 5) dialog: Sheriff Deeds' dead, honey--you just  Sheriff junior.
22) 8) dialog: You ever play one of these?
22) 10) dialog: Well, don't ever start up on 'em,  cause once you do you can't stop. I  tell myself I'm gonna play just three  little games after breakfast, and  here I sit with half the day gone.
22) 12) dialog: I won't say nothing bad about the  man, but you can ask away.
22) 14) dialog: We run that twenty-odd years. Give  it over to Otis Payne in 1967. April.
22) 16) dialog: Not if I can help it.
22) 18) dialog: Them days, you deal with Sheriff  Wade or you didn't deal at all. First  of the month, every month, he remind  you of who you really workin' for.
22) 20) dialog: Wasn't legal to sell liquor in a  glass back then unless you was a  club, see. Roderick used to say,  "Buy yourself a drink, you get a  free membership." But Sheriff Wade,  he could shut you down anytime.
22) 22) dialog: Sheriff Buddy was a different story.  Long as Roderick throw his weight  the right way on election day, make  sure all the colored get out to vote- we was called colored back then, if  you was polite--maybe throw a barbecue  for the right people now and then,  things was peaceful. That Sheriff  Wade, though, he took an awful big  bite.
22) 24) dialog: Not if they was colored or Meskin.  Not if they wanted to keep breathin'.
22) 26) dialog: I seen him in our place the last  week before he gone missin'. We TRACK in to a close-up of her. R&amp;B MUSIC FADES UP
22) 27) dialog: He used to come in whilst we was in  full swing, make people nervous. Had  him a smile like the Grim Reaper--
23) 1) dialog: --just sit back with his hand on  that big ol' gun and act the kingfish  with everybody. Otis Payne had come  to work for us by then, and that boy  had him some attitude--