56) 1) dialog: The longhorns go for ten times the  price-- We WIDEN as the skull is lifted by WESLEY BIRDSONG, a Nat American man in his 70s who wears extremely thick glasses Sam tags along as the old man rearranges the display of T curios laid out in front of his trailer. Empty scrubland  surrounds them.
56) 2) dialog: --but longhorns are hard to come by  these days.
56) 4) dialog: How am I gonna sell things if nobody  comes by? This stretch of road runs  between Nowheres and Nothin' Much.
56) 6) dialog: But you don't see much competition,  do you? He winks at Sam, picks up a wooden radio carved to resemb the Alamo--
56) 7) dialog: These things used to sell like  hotcakes. Now, if it can't play those  discs, they won't look at it. He puts the radio on, looks out at the emptiness around--
56) 8) dialog: I like it here. Once I tried going  onto that reservation to live.  Couldn't take the politics. Damn  Indian'll drive you crazy with that,  Now your father--this wasn't what he  had in mind at all. He come out of  Korea, he had this Chevy with too  much engine in it. He'd come roarin'  up and down this road all hours of  the day and night,looking for somebody  to race. He lifts a jar with a leathery brown thing in it--
56) 9) dialog: Buffalo chips. Fella in Santa Fe  told me he sells these as fast as  the buffalo can squeeze 'em out.
56) 11) dialog: For Frontera? Hell, I can't remember  dates no more. I do recall it was  after an affair of the heart had  gone sour on him. He almost took  some poor fella's head off at the  Legion in Arroyo Grande, and figured  it was time to move on.
56) 13) dialog: They don't hand those medals out for  hidin'in your foxhole. Would you buy  this?
56) 15) dialog: Me neither. He searches for something among the curios--
56) 16) dialog: If he hadn't found that Deputy job,  I believe Buddy might've gone down  the other path, got into some serious  trouble. Settled him right down.  That and your mother. 'Course he had  that other one later.
56) 18) dialog: Your mother wasn't one to get chased  off her patch. Half the damn county  knew and nobody thought the worse of  her for seein' it through.
56) 20) dialog: The other one? Hell, at my age, every  time you learn a new name you got to  forget an old one. Your head's all  crowded up--here it is-- Wesley stretches out a four-foot rattlesnake skin, rattle still attached--
56) 21) dialog: This big fella was sleepin' in a  crate at Cisco's junkyard right when  I looked to see what was in it. Jumped  up at my face--scared me so bad I  killed him without thinkin'. He shakes the rattles at Sam--
56) 22) dialog: Gotta be careful where you're pokin'-- who knows what you'll find.