1) 0) text: A family room with all the trappings of the era: a flagst fireplace, a console TV, a man's leatherette Barca-Lounge a pipe stand holding two pipes on a nearby table, boxes o children's games neatly stacked on a wall shelf.
2) 13) text: Every OFFICER in the room lifts his gloved hand and point his index barrel at the closet door.  The effect is deepl accusatory. An OFFICER speaks, his VOICE electronically manipulated t be as menacing as possible.
3) 0) text: In the background, Johnny is guided into a Precrime polic vehicle as the neighbors look on.  Carol and her son stan in the doorway, stunned. TWO OFFICERS remove their helmets.  The first man is tall sandy-haired, good eyes, deeply blue; This is PAUL ANDERS late thirties, Director of the Precrime Division, Washing D.C. The second man is ED WITWER, Anderson's second in command late thirties, big like Anderson, good face, strong in th shoulders, short brown hair. The two men are deeply comfortable together.  They can sp or not.  It doesn't matter -- they still communicate.  Tw good cops, good together. They walk side-by-side around the house, dematerializing holographic decoy cops.
10) 16) text: They turn as Ennis PAGE, 44, a thin, tight little man wit burr cut hair, knocks and enters the room.  He carries a black BRIEFCASE marked: "Zone 218 - Washington/Alexandria, VA." The case is cuffe to his wrist.
11) 0) text: A tour of Precrime is in progress, like the public relati tours run by present-day FBI.  The TOUR GUIDE, a pretty, smartly uniformed woman in her twenties, leads a group of adults and children, all with glowing nametags, through t building.
11) 4) text: She points cheerfully to a stubby little man, MR. HARRIS.
16) 0) text: Anderson pushes down a tight hallway thick with police an enters a disheveled room.  The fifties interior is drab: Formica table, bad curtains, a frayed Lazy Boy positioned front of a TV. Ed Witwer is already on the scene.  He stands a few feet from the BODY of a man, gunshot wound to the head, a hand on the floor nearby.
16) 13) text: The officer places the case beside the corpse, and opens latches.  Inside the case is a large metallic APPARATUS: "Coroner." It comes to auto-life, and begins to unfold itself - It r crab-like, and steps out of its case. Except for his mouth, the doctor doesn't move.  His proje image stands beside the body, his arms folded behind his back.  He is the interface, the way the humans communicat with the crab apparatus.
16) 30) text: Two officers turn the body face-up.  The crab inches clos to probe the face.  Disconcertingly, it lifts the eyelids and examines the interior of the mouth, so that for a mom the manipulation makes the corpse seem alive. Then the crab moves down the trunk and the legs At last, comes to a standstill.  The holographic Doctor closes his eyes as if in thought.
18) 0) text: Anderson walks through the lab with a tall, pale man, DR, RESFIELD, 60, the head scientist.  It is not a place that warms Anderson's heart. Biotechnicians work at long stainless steel tables dissec and examining protoplasmic tissue masses.  Other technici peer through massive microscopes.  Still others use robot arms to manipulate radioactive organics behind leaded-gla barriers.
22) 20) text: Anderson almost manages a small smile.  Witwer puts his a around him.  Walks him away from the scene.
30) 0) text: Anderson grips the wheel of his Chevy, driving down 1-95. The fact that he can't control his car -- that the steeri wheel has no function, his speed is predetermined, and hi direction is guided by satellite -- is maddening now. From inside the cars that glide along beside him people t and look curiously at the man who is actually gripping hi steering wheel. Anderson slams it with his fist.  Through his windshield Anderson sees a four year old boy in the driver's seat of passing red and black Ford.  His mother sits in the passenger's seat, blithely reading.  The boy mimics Ander gleefully slams his steering wheel too, then laughs. Anderson turns and looks the other way, into the distance at the "Sprawl,' the vast unzoned city attached to Washin D.C. You can see it in his face: a man could lose himself there.
32) 0) text: Lisa enters the house, in a rush.  Every shade is drawn. Paul Anderson sits in an overstuffed chair, absolutely motionless, like a man who has died suddenly.
39) 0) text: Search and Command room.  Witwer moves up and down the ai past technicians who man computers and holographic tracki displays. A Precrime TECHNICIAN 1 suddenly sits upright.  Witwer pi him out of the crowd and zeroes in.
49) 0) text: Witwer watches on the MAP at all the little symbols mergi together, like a gameboard -- but this game ends in a rea confrontation between one man and an army of them.
54) 0) text: A stained overstuffed chair in the corner, a dreary littl kitchen with crusted dishes in the sink. But jarringly, in the center of all this, is a make-shift hypertech medical setup: a gleaming operating table, an a of lasers, scalpels and surgical equipment, an anesthesia console. Anderson sits in a chair facing DOC.  DOC is a big man wi delicate fingers.  He sneezes, then blows his nose hard i a handkerchief.
58) 6) text: Now the camera moves and we see who it is that has been s to help Anderson.  It's the rat guy, the thin bald man Anderson had roughed up the day before.  The guy has a bo of hot soup in his hands.  He stares contemptuously at Anderson.
63) 0) text: An OLD WOMAN sits at a card table eating a bowl of someth unidentifiable.  She looks up with annoyance as she sees spider scuttling across the floor toward her.  It makes a CLICKING sound on the floor as it comes.  She's poor, liv in The Sprawl -- she knows the drill.  She continues to e as the SPIDER crawls up the leg of the card table.  She b watches as it moves past her bowl and toward her hand.
66) 0) text: The Officer 1 squints at his clipboard.  One of the Spide is taking too long.  He adjusts his thermal scanner, and sees the heat outline of a man bouncing around a room. The other Officer 2 finishes reading the pawn shop and th barroom, then wanders over to Officer 1. They both watch screen.
73) 0) text: Anderson stands on a street corner waiting in line with several people waiting for the N0.6 Turbo Tram. The double decker Tram comes.  People get off, then the l starts to move forward as people get on. Anderson fidgets.  He's last in line.  Each person gets IdentiScanned as he boards.  Anderson's putting his new e to the test.  If the scan goes wrong, he's positioned him to run. The woman ahead of him, gets scanned, pays her fare. Anderson's turn.  Anderson goes up the steps, and a red b reads his eyes. The Tram DRIVER glances at a monitor beside his steering wheel, then nods at him.
74) 0) text: Senator Malcolm releases a self satisfied little belch as finishes off a late night whiskey in his panelled den.  H wanders about admiring himself in the many political phot adorning the cherry wood walls.
75) 0) text: Search and Command room.  Witwer stands there amidst all the technology speaking to a group of Precrime officers.
77) 0) text: A big man in a tee shirt lies on a couch, a bowl of popco perched on his belly.  He stares at a TV monitor that's t size of a twin bed.
78) 0) text: Anderson's face fills the skies, too.  Witwer and Precrim have pulled out all the stops. Advertising dirigibles float by with Anderson's image on Holographic billboards with Anderson hover in the air.  T are so many Andersons in the sky he seems to be part of t weather, a special type of cloud. People on the streets look up, briefly interested, then g about their business.
80) 0) text: Ennis Page sits on a bar stool at the far end of a bar so full of cigarette smoke it doesn't seem capable of suppor life.  But it supports the kind of life Page is intereste in. An emaciated woman with a feral smile slides onto a stool beside Page.  He gives one shake of his head, and she sli away again.  His eyes cut to a group of females.  He wait for the next approach.
80) 20) text: Anderson looks around.  Patrons are beginning to look ove in his direction, eyes lingering.  He rises. Page seems in a daze.  As an obsessive-compulsive niner, concept of an untidy system is disorienting. Anderson starts to say something to the man, then doesn't On the way out Anderson gets IdentiScanned.  An automatic DIGITAL VOICE calls out after him.
82) 0) text: A public cemetery along the Potomac.  There's not much la left for new graves.  A funeral is taking place.  A lot o mourners in dark 1950's suits and dresses.  The service i nearing its end. Frank D'Ignazio's newly dug grave is nearby.  Lisa stands there, looking at the temporary marker, and the flowers a wreaths piled up against it. Two rows over, they are lowering the casket into the grou High in the sky, a PRECRIME HOVERCRAFT, everpresent in Li life, floats in the low clouds with a barely audible WHIN Lisa rests a floral arrangement against the pile of flowe Her hand drifts near a white GARDENIA WREATH.  There is a small envelope tucked beneath a blossom.  She takes it. Then she rises and begins to walk back to her car. The funeral is over, and the mass of mourners, many weari dark glasses, fan out toward a long line of cars. One of the MOURNERS brushes past Lisa.  She looks up and tips his dark glasses down onto his nose and stares over them at her.
84) 0) text: Anderson has to eat bad food quickly, and on the run.  He gathers up a wrapped sandwich, a bag of donuts, something drink. He waits in line.  He doesn't like to be in a line, waiti The woman ahead of him argues about change.  He presses h lips together. And then he glances at the mirrored surface of a hidden c DOME attached to the ceiling.  It gives him a fish eye reflected VIEW of what's happening behind him. Precrime police are happening behind him.  He doesn't sto to ponder, as two Python transports zoom up outside the s Anderson vaults the counter, knocking the customer and th clerk to the floor.
85) 0) text: Anderson plows over a guy filling a trash can.  He hears mechanically altered COMMANDS of a Precrime officer calli from the store.
86) 11) text: Anderson is up on the sidewalk now, two feet out from the building, right beside the high pressure hydrant. He stops, looks up, looks down, looks at the police advan It is a moment for prayer.  Anderson doesn't have a momen He spreads his feet and fires a massive SONIC BLAST down the sidewalk.  The effect on the underground water main i immediate. A GEYSER of water two feet in diameter erupts straight up from the sidewalk, lifting the tumbling Anderson fifteen feet into the air right alongside the building. The stunned police officers try to take aim, but Anderson bouncing at the top of the geyser.  And they can't fire, anyway, because officers workers stare at the excitement from every window in the building. All this in a time span of seconds.  The world spins craz for ANDERSON, but he manages to grip hold of a metal supp beam holding the building's sign, one story up. The police try to see what he's doing, but the torrent of water from the water main break obscures his moves. He pulls himself onto a ledge, steadies himself, slides a it toward a second story window.  The office building gaw lurch backward from the window as Anderson blasts it to sparkling dust and leaps inside.
89) 13) text: Which is how they knew where he'd be every time. Anderson chops quickly at the base of the man's skull, knocking him out.  And then he runs, because what else ca he do?
98) 0) text: The operations room in Precrime.  The technicians sit at their computers and holographic tracking displays. Witwer paces among them.  His eyes keep flicking to the digital clock on the wall.  Then they cut back to the men and machines that are telling him nothing.  Witwer does n look well at all, When a TECHNICIAN leans close to his computer monitor,Witwer almost leaps across the room to g to him.  He looks over the man's shoulder.
104) 0) text: The officers around Witwer reach for their maglite flashlights.  The Search and Command room suddenly looks exceedingly vulnerable. A technician calls out from the darkness
105) 9) text: It is beyond pitiful, this frail little woman, pleading. And her eyes, she won't let him go.  She is beginning to weaken, to sway on her feet. A sudden realization floods over Anderson.
108) 0) text: Ennis Page is a man unglued.  He sits on a tidy little so in a tidy 1950's style living room.  But his movements ha become untidy.  He puts a very tiny pill on his tongue. When he drinks from a glass of water, it dribbles down hi chin onto his shirt.  Not like Ennis, at all. When his doorbell RINGS, he slowly looks up, then looks d at the floor again.  He doesn't answer it.  It RINGS some more. And then Lisa is standing there before him
108) 10) text: Lisa holds the Precog disc in front of his eyes.  He clos them against the sight, as if it were an evil talisman.
111) 13) text: Anderson turns to her, shocked And then he runs for the d hurls it open, and disappears down the hall. Rose listens to his FOOTSTEPS crashing down the stairs EXT. THE STREET. Even as Anderson rushes out of the boarding house, the WO have lost their grip on the window. The little BOY in the blue hat and his MOTHER walk unwitt toward disaster.  They do not appear to hear the MEN'S cr The WINDOW falls end over end above the boy's head.  The sunlight sparks off of the glass, so that from a distance looks like a star falling from the sky. A WOMAN across the street sees what is happening, and cri out. But what Anderson does is run.  He runs faster and harder than humanly possible.  He does not care if he is recogni or hit by a passing taxi.  He is going to get to that boy He has to get to that boy ... ANDERSON rams the BOY from behind just as the corner of t window frame kisses the boy's blue hat.  He knocks the bo to safety as glass and metal SMASH into the sidewalk. The mother does not even have time to scream.  She is on ground, stunned, But Anderson has saved the boy. He rolls away, and gets to his feet.  Before anyone can p together what has happened, Anderson has ducked into an a and is gone.
113) 0) text: Because Anderson has destroyed the Precog Chamber, the tw Precog brothers have been brought here. The room is makeshift, uncomfortable ... a place for experiments.  The brothers are strapped into chairs.  The are helmeted. But unlike before, large bore needles have been placed in their jugular veins.  Connected to the needles are long t of IV tubing.  There are several IVs running at high drip rates. Witwer has his back to all this.  He stands with Dr. Resf watching a technician working the keyboard on a huge mainframe. Dr. Resfield, a man not given to squeamishness looks back the Precogs, uneasy.
118) 0) text: Lisa walks down the street.  She hugs herself, barely awa of her surroundings.  She passes by stores, restaurants, payphones, video kiosks ... oblivious.  People push past her. On a street corner, as she waits at a red light, the payp beside her begins to RING.  If she hears it, she gives no indication.  A KID reaches for it, listens, hangs up. She walks on.  Stores.  Restaurants.  An art gallery.  As she comes abreast of another PAYPHONE, it suddenly starts ring.  This time Lisa glances at it.  But again, walks on The TRANSPORT weaves through traffic, nearby She walks pa the K.L. Lawrence Graphics Museum.  And another restauran And a PAYPHONE.  And this time, finally, when it, too, RI she turns and looks hard at it. A man begins to walk over to it.  Lisa almost knocks him of the way to get to it.  She grabs at the receiver.
127) 0) text: Lisa walks hurriedly down a side street.  She stands out her white dress -- a spot of vulnerable color in world of black. Too vulnerable to pass up.  A MAN in a gray overcoat slid out from between two buildings in front of her.  He is no coy about his intent.  He comes straight at her, all busi Lisa freezes in place.  She looks at her watch.  The man grabs her by the shoulder.  When she starts to scream, he claps his hand over her mouth, hard.
127) 1) dialog: You bite me, bitch, I'll pull your teeth out.
127) 2) text: Her eyes look around frantically.  He starts to drag her backwards into the dark. ANDERSON leaps into view, and slams the man's head into a light post.  It takes a lot of slamming before lie loosen his grip on Lisa.  His legs at last collapse under him. Anderson scoops Lisa off the ground.  She hugs him hard. Then pulls back from him.  She gives him a look.
134) 16) text: Rose manages to speak, one last time.  Her whispered word damn him.
137) 0) text: Three officers stand thirty feet apart in front of the building, facing outward toward the parking lot, weapons cradled in their arms. Behind them is a line of yew bushes.  AS we watch, the of on the left is yanked off his feet backward into the bush Several moments pass, and the same thing happens to the officer on the right. The officer guarding the front entrance casually looks ri Then he looks hard.  He grips his weapon tight, and swing left.  No one there, either. ANDERSON drops him hard, from behind.  The officer crumpl onto the cement. But Anderson's not done with him.  Anderson lifts him up, struggles to drag him forward toward the entrance. Anderson holds him upright in place.  The man's head loll backward.  Which is.  Perfect for what Anderson needs to Anderson reaches his fingers towards the man's closed eye He pulls up on the eyelids.