12) 3) text: we recognize her fragile and perfect FACE from the openin scene of the movie.  She floats in a glowing nutritive ba Like her brothers, she seems to be eternally young, or eternally old. The technicians lift her from her bath.  She is dried, dr in a robe, then guided into an over-sized, throne like ch Her brothers are guided into their thrones, on either sid of her. Not once are their helmets removed.  What they feed into mainframe is too valuable.  It must be gathered twenty-fo unrelenting hours a day.
18) 0) text: Anderson walks through the lab with a tall, pale man, DR, RESFIELD, 60, the head scientist.  It is not a place that warms Anderson's heart. Biotechnicians work at long stainless steel tables dissec and examining protoplasmic tissue masses.  Other technici peer through massive microscopes.  Still others use robot arms to manipulate radioactive organics behind leaded-gla barriers.
18) 11) text: Anderson looks at him.  The doctor pauses outside a thick door.  An IdentiScan device quickly reads their eyes, and the door opens with an electronic hiss. Anderson looks around the lab.  Technicians lower mesh cylinders into some sort of chemical VAT.  Another techni turns a dial, and an electric charge courses through the roiling liquid.
39) 0) text: Search and Command room.  Witwer moves up and down the ai past technicians who man computers and holographic tracki displays. A Precrime TECHNICIAN 1 suddenly sits upright.  Witwer pi him out of the crowd and zeroes in.
39) 1) dialog: It's Anderson.
39) 4) text: The technicians scramble to pinpoint Anderson on a Glowing holographic MAP.
41) 0) text: Another TECHNICIAN 2 calls out to Witwer.  Witwer covers phone mouthpiece.
41) 1) dialog: He's been Scanned.  He's on the 33rd Street Subway!
41) 2) text: TECHNICIAN 1 Calls from the other side of the room
41) 3) dialog: His cell phone tracks for The Sprawl. We got him on the Subway, too!
47) 0) text: Witwer stares at the map.  The train has stopped at 20th street.  But Anderson's still talking.  He isn't getting -- he's going on to 33rd Street, the last stop. Technician 2 presses his earphone close, listens, then ca over to Witwer.  Witwer covers his mouthpiece.
47) 1) dialog: We have visual verification -- he's still on the train.
49) 2) text: He looks urgently to the phone technician
49) 3) dialog: He's still on the line.
98) 0) text: The operations room in Precrime.  The technicians sit at their computers and holographic tracking displays. Witwer paces among them.  His eyes keep flicking to the digital clock on the wall.  Then they cut back to the men and machines that are telling him nothing.  Witwer does n look well at all, When a TECHNICIAN leans close to his computer monitor,Witwer almost leaps across the room to g to him.  He looks over the man's shoulder.
98) 2) dialog: Must be a glitch ...
98) 6) dialog: Anderson just got IdentiScanned.
98) 7) text: Witwer grips the back of the technician's chair.  The technician types the data through again.
98) 8) dialog: It's him -- he's been scanned.
98) 10) text: The technician looks up at Witwer.
98) 11) dialog: But he's had his eyes done.  Right? Sir?  Tries to think it through.
98) 13) text: The technician's computer flashes the next piece of information.  When he speaks, it's the last thing Witwer wants to hear.
98) 14) dialog: Jesus Christ, sir.  He's in the basement of this building.
100) 0) text: Four officers stand guard in the chamber.  They listen to the orders coming in on their earpieces.  Three of the gu rush out of the room, one stays behind. The three Precogs sit in their oversized chairs, the fema in the middle, the males on either side of her.  Their ey are open ... and they are deeply alert. Two technicians tend to the Precogs.  At the back of the chamber, through a large window, we see Ennis Page sittin at the huge mainframe.
103) 0) text: In the chamber are one guard, two technicians, and three Precogs.  And all of them are left in sudden darkness, as the power is cut.
104) 0) text: The officers around Witwer reach for their maglite flashlights.  The Search and Command room suddenly looks exceedingly vulnerable. A technician calls out from the darkness
104) 1) dialog: Don't worry, air -emergency generators will kick on in five seconds.
104) 4) dialog: Uh, sir.  It seems ... he got the generators, too.
105) 2) text: An explosion of light fills the room in STROBE-LIKE blast And leaping through the light is ANDERSON.  The temporari blinded guard and technicians have dropped to their knees Anderson stun guns them quickly. The strobes fade, and Anderson sets a zirc-flare on the f We see that the enzyme is wearing off -- his facial featu are returning to normal. He is oblivious to the Precogs in their chairs.  It is th equipment he is after. Through the observation window we see ENNIS PAGE watching horror as Anderson severs the light cables connecting the Precog helmets to the mainframe. Anderson aims a sonic blast at the observation window, bl it out and knocking Page unconscious.  Then he reaches in the room and destroys the mainframe itself with a series blasts. Anderson is so intent on destruction he does not sense a PRESENCE behind him.  Perhaps it is because the movement so completely devoid of malice it is beyond detection. A HAND, the fingers pale and slender, reaches out and tak hold of his hand. Anderson whirls around, weapon out.  And there before him is the FEMALE Precog.  He looks at her, then beyond her t the other Precogs who are lolling in semiconsciousness in their chairs. Her helmet is off.  She is young, but her close-cropped h is silver white.  And when she speaks, her voice is like wind whispering through time.
107) 0) text: Power has been restored to Precrime Headquarters.  Witwer walks slowly through the ruins of the Chamber.  EMT teams work on Ennis Page and the other dazed personnel Anderson has left in his wake. Technicians cluster around the two remaining Precogs, the brothers.  Their eyes are closed and they are limp.  Thei lips move soundlessly as if in conversation with each oth Lieutenant Glaser is with him, but when Witwer speaks it almost to himself.
107) 7) text: When the Lieutenant tries to speak to him, Witwer walks a and goes over to the technicians working on the Precogs. stares at the Precogs.
107) 9) dialog: They're a hive mind, sir.  It takes three for their predictive abilities to be fully operational.
107) 10) text: Which Witwer does not want to hear.  Witwer leans very cl to the technician.
113) 0) text: Because Anderson has destroyed the Precog Chamber, the tw Precog brothers have been brought here. The room is makeshift, uncomfortable ... a place for experiments.  The brothers are strapped into chairs.  The are helmeted. But unlike before, large bore needles have been placed in their jugular veins.  Connected to the needles are long t of IV tubing.  There are several IVs running at high drip rates. Witwer has his back to all this.  He stands with Dr. Resf watching a technician working the keyboard on a huge mainframe. Dr. Resfield, a man not given to squeamishness looks back the Precogs, uneasy.
133) 10) text: Witwer turns his sweaty face to Resfield and gives him a bright smile.  The scientist looks like he wants to run o of the room. Witwer takes him by the elbow and guides him toward the Precogs.  Two technicians hover over the Precogs adjustin IV's and turning dials on the Precogs's organic helmets. The Precogs wince and shiver with each turn of the dial. But they are no longer violently seizing -- they are too weak for that.
136) 0) text: The DIGITAL CLOCK races through time.  Witwer reaches his hand up and touches the vanishing numbers. The camera pulls back, and we see Dr. Resfield and the tw technicians bound and gagged in a heap in the corner.