0) 4) text: It's hard, but we get a sense of the room in the whipping beam of light. Huge, dark coats lined up like sides of be on steel batons. Bent, stained helmets hung like African  masks. Beneath them BRIAN, 7, and STEPHEN, 12, are trying to str into a pair of the ludicrously massive coats over their  pajamas.
0) 6) dialog: Who asked you?
1) 0) text: The two boys tromp out of the closet. The rubber turn-out boots are as high as their thighs. The ends of the coats  drag on the floor. They salute, Brian's arm just an empty sleeve. Dennis kneels down and re-fastens Brian's coat.
1) 3) dialog: You wouldn't let me die, would you,  Dad?
1) 17) dialog: Sure!
1) 18) text: Dennis scoops Brian up and loads him into the fire engine cab. The other three firemen climb aboard and take their  places.
2) 2) text: Brian stamps his foot on the siren button. The red light  snaps on, the siren growls and blares, and they're off do the street. Brian turns around in his seat and, at the la instant before the corner, makes eye contact with his old brother. They stick their tongues out.
3) 0) text: The engine howls its way through the city. Brian, sandwic between his father and Adcox, looks out in wonderment at  intersections zipping past like picket fences, at people sidewalks holding hands over their ears, at the red emerg lights bouncing crazily off shop windows.
4) 2) text: Brian nods vigorously, taking the command seriously. Denn smiles and is off, dragging a hoseline with his crew towa a doorway they disappear into. Brian climbs down from the cab.
4) 4) text: Brian smiles to the pumper operator. He just wants a bett look. And he gets it: Smoke turned evil and dark now, tak on purpose.
5) 0) text: There's a level of apartments above the storefronts. As B watches, a window opens and out steps his father and Adco onto a small fire escape. Their attention's on the next w over, out of reach, wrapped in leaky smoke. Suddenly Dennis climbs up onto the fire escape railing, a with only an axe, and JUMPS across to the next metal balc A ballsy, dangerous move. He kicks in the window, breaks the frame with his axe, and dives in. A beat later he reemerges on the balcony with a terrified smudged little girl. He hands the little girl over the ra to a fireman now coming up the more traditional way -- a  ladder. Dennis's face lifts and grins at Brian; dirty, bigger tha life, invincible. He winks a wink only possible between  fathers and sons and he's gone again, back into the swirl darkness. As Brian stands there, full of love, full of pr he sees a piece of awning along the roofline crack; relea a sickly yellow tongue of flame that slinks over the roof The flame seems to pause, to stare at Brian a beat. Shhh, don't tell anyone. Brian is transfixed, his little head  staring up in astonishment. Nobody else has noticed it. Brian can see his father and Adcox through the window;  probing, looking for the flame lurking just above. Brian  starts to call out in a small, hesitant voice,
5) 1) dialog: Dad...
5) 2) text: He tries to call louder... But suddenly everything is  happening very fast in slow motion: -- Brian can see Adcox testing the ceiling with a pike po as Brian steps forward, under the power of a flame that  beckons him as --  Dennis suddenly THROWS his body against Adcox, knocking h clear just as a flame EXPLODES DOWNWARD from the ceiling  fully against him as -- All the building's windows BLOW O and it's like the sky's erupted for Brian, a burning hail that falls and pelts the ground around him. Plaster, wood and something metal that cracks against the pavement and  spins slowly. A fire helmet. And Adcox is coming out the door now, blackened and torn, hopeless tears streaming down his face.
5) 4) text: And, spotting Brian, he runs towards him. And the helmet  spins and spins and Adcox keeps running, and the sky is  raining fire, and the flame on the roof has risen up now its full, horrifying size and it's laughing now, laughing the little boy as the helmet finally stops spinning, and read the printing on the neck guard.
7) 0) text: Hold on the freeze-frame. Let it become an aged cover of  LIFE. The magazine jiggles and rocks and we see now it's  sitting atop a box of knick-knacks jostling in the back s of an aging BMW. There's plenty of other boxes here, a li on the move, and in the driver's seat, BRIAN McCAFFREY, n 27. There's piles of empty burger wrappers, Coke cans, an Florida knick-knacks on the dash board; a little blow-up  palm tree, a cheesy hula girl emblazoned with "McCaffrey  High-End Stereo Sales".
8) 0) text: Brian and his battered BMW shoot past prairie, cow countr nervous suburbs and finally a sign: WELCOME TO CHICAGO.
9) 0) text: Wind tugging at his bangs, Brian stares down at the grave of Dennis and Mary Elizabeth McCaffrey.
11) 0) text: Brian walks through its sculpted columns, straightening h tie. He comes to a door, FIRE ACADEMY CHIEF. He takes a d breath, steadies his gaze, and enters.
12) 2) text: Brian's sitting in the seat opposite.
12) 3) dialog: If it was a joke, sir, you'd be  laughing.
12) 5) dialog: I want another shot, Sir.
12) 7) dialog: If you remember, sir, my test scores  were in the top --
12) 9) dialog: I need another one, sir.
12) 11) dialog: No, it isn't out of your hands or  you wouldn't even have met me. If I  push you have to let me back in.  Dead Hero Father Rule. Sir.
12) 13) dialog: (rises) See you Monday. Sir.
13) 2) text: Candidates and their relatives CHEER and leap to their fe Something struggles inside of Brian. He doesn't stand at  first. Another Candidate, TIM, 20, looks at him strangely So does the Academy Chief, his eyes finding Brian's. And  Brian's standing slowly now, joining them...
17) 0) text: A split-level firemen's dive; complete with mounted axes personalized T-shirts from various engine companies proud declaring "LADDER CO. 6 -- AXE FIRST, HOSE LATER" and "CH FD, 150 YEARS OF TRADITION UNIMPEDED BY PROGRESS". Tonight the place is firmly in the hands of an army of  recently graduated candidates. A few on the back patio ha hooked up a charged hoseline and are taking potshots at  balloon targets, each other, the neighbor's cat. Brian an Tim, still in their uniforms, enter from the street. Surv the scene.
17) 1) dialog: Completely out of control.
17) 5) text: Tim and everyone else but Brian eagerly tear into them. B nonchalantly shoulders up to the bar.
17) 6) dialog: A beer, Willy!
17) 9) dialog: It's in my blood, Willy.
17) 12) dialog: Didn't offer the kinda growth and  challenge I need.
17) 14) dialog: Management were pin heads.
17) 16) dialog: Coffee sucked.
17) 18) dialog: I was ahead of my time.
17) 20) text: Tim holds an envelope marked McCAFFREY out to Brian.
17) 22) dialog: Engine 115, right?
17) 24) dialog: Lucky guess. (winks) And a case of scotch to a captain in  station assignments.
17) 26) dialog: Lots of fires. They promote faster  there. Take a look at the last Lt.'s  list, half the guys on it came from  that battalion. Gotta think about  your future, Timmy. 115's the station.
17) 28) text: On Brian's reaction
20) 2) text: As Brian turns, he suddenly confronted by an elderly  LITHUANIAN WOMAN.
20) 3) dialog: (surprised) Mrs. Viatkus...
20) 4) text: She grabs his cheeks and rattles off in Lithuanian. Brian can only smile. Then two attractive jean-clad legs step u JENNIFER.
20) 6) dialog: (surprised) Jennifer.
20) 8) dialog: You look great.
20) 10) dialog: Uh... I've been sorta keeping a low  profile... the academy... I graduated  today.
20) 12) dialog: So... I see you're still in the  neighborhood.
20) 14) dialog: Yeah? What have you been up to?
20) 16) dialog: Really? No kidding.
20) 18) text: Just then, Tim OPENS UP the hoseline, DRENCHING Brian.
20) 20) text: Brian ducks the stream and PULLS a length of hose near hi feet, FLIPPING Tim. Brian JUMPS him, shuts off the hose a pins him to the pavement.
20) 22) text: Brian walks back toward Jennifer
20) 25) dialog: Well, if nothing else, it's nice to  know we can still be friends.
20) 27) text: Another in a series of fire engines HOWL past. Tim grabs  Brian by the shoulder.
21) 0) text: Brian and Tim jump into Brian's car. They shoot blindly d the street looking for the fire engine, running down red  lights or anything else that gets in their way. Brian sud hits the brakes, SCREECHING to a stop. They roll down the windows. Far off can be heard the wind-up of a siren.
22) 0) text: SCREECH. They fly around a corner, down a block, and ther it is, lights flashing up ahead. Brian GUNS it, roars up  alongside the fire engine. Tim leans out the window, shak a bottle of beer, and lets loose a foamy eruption in the  truck driver's face.
23) 0) text: As Brian and Tim pull up two engine companies are already dragging lines toward the rolling brownstone we saw explo earlier. Tim cheers the firemen on like a drive-in movie. Brian watches the fire with uneasy fascination. Embers  whipping into the night, drifting to the ground around hi One of the engine companies is entering the doorway now. watches as they willingly crawl into a place any sane per would run for their life from. Jesus Christ. FLASH -- Bri turns at the blinding snap of a camera. Several locals ar gathered around a parked car, some taking pictures. Brian notices that right away. It takes a beat longer to notice the CHARRED CORPSE stuffed head-first through the windshi It's the Porsche driver, his legs sticking out at crazy  angles. A dog barks furiously at it.
23) 2) dialog: Backdraft.
23) 3) text: The brownstone fire quickly transforms itself into noisy  clouds of dirty white steam. And one of the firemen is co back out now, walking toward Brian. When he's just a few yards away he pulls off his air mask and helmet and we shudder with Brian, because the man is dead ringer for HIS FATHER.
23) 5) dialog: I want to thank you for coming to my  graduation, Stephen. It was a great  inspiration to me.
23) 7) text: He pats Brian's cheeks, leaving behind large charcoal sme
23) 9) dialog: Not likely.
23) 11) text: And Stephen turns for his own men, Tim staring at Brian a clouds of smoke drift past like ghosts.
26) 0) text: Tim's talking to his cousin. Brian hangs back, watches th body-bag people load the Porsche driver into a meat wagon There's a still an audience for this, still stray dogs  circling and barking. Brian walks up, looks inside the ca and sees on a seat the ragged remains of a FINGER.
26) 1) dialog: (to coroner crew) Hey, you forgot... this.
26) 4) text: Brian looks across the fireground, sees his brother walki back to the fire engine. They share a brief, edgy glance.
27) 0) text: A modest one. South-side Irish old fashioned. Brian walks up. There's a little kid, about five, playing with a toy  fire truck on the drive.
27) 1) dialog: Hey, Sean. What's goin' on, man?
27) 3) dialog: It's Uncle Brian. Y'know.
27) 5) dialog: (bandito accent) "Spinach? We don't need no stinking  spinach". Remember?
28) 0) text: Brian follows, sticks his head in the door.
28) 1) dialog: Hellooo...
28) 4) dialog: Hi, Helen. Man, you look great.
28) 8) dialog: Four months.
28) 10) dialog: I know, I know, Should'a called.  I've been really busy. I joined the  fire department.
28) 14) dialog: That's Sean? Jeez, he's a giant.
28) 16) dialog: Sean, come on out, man. What, you  forget your favorite uncle?
28) 20) dialog: Well that's two things to strangle  Stephen for. Where is he, anyway?
28) 23) dialog: Oh, man, I'm sorry.
29) 0) text: A small one on the river. Several boats bob peacefully. E one. Raised high in dry-dock, it's an ancient fishing tra Bachman-Turner-Overdrive drifts up from the galley on bad fuzzed speakers as Brian climbs the ladder.
29) 1) dialog: Hey.
29) 2) text: Stripped to the waist, Stephen's bent-over cleaning out t guts of the inboard motor. He looks confused to see Brian
29) 3) dialog: I talked to Helen...
29) 5) dialog: ...Man, I thought dad's boat was  finally retired to the family  graveyard. Don't you worry about  falling out of this thing?
29) 6) text: Stephen straightens up, his forearms smudged with grease. Brian admires the unwashed cereal bowls and peeling deck  paint.
29) 7) dialog: I like what you've done with the  place.
29) 9) text: Stephen tosses him a beer from the fridge. As Brian pops he sees the small pile of city-issue gallon size cans in corner. Armorall, solvent, extinguisher foam.
29) 10) dialog: Been ripping off fire stations?
29) 12) text: Brian winces at the music coming out of shot speakers.
29) 13) dialog: Bachman Turner Overdrive? (looks through music  rack) ...Buffalo Springfield?... Stephen  Bishop? Oh man...
29) 14) text: Brian lifts one of the tapes -- an 8-track -- and holds i carefully in his palm as if it were a rare and fragile re
29) 15) dialog: My God, an actual operating 8-track.
29) 17) dialog: In the Field Museum once.
29) 19) dialog: It worked when you were in sixth  grade.
31) 0) text: Brian opens the trunk of his old BMW. It's full of stereo boxes marked BRIAN'S "SOUND SPECTRUM".
32) 0) text: Brian's gutted the speakers and is re-wiring them.
32) 2) dialog: Millions, Stephen -- And sexual  favors.
32) 4) dialog: Yeah? What about Laura --
32) 6) text: Brian moves over to another speaker.
32) 8) dialog: I wanted to know why you messed with  my station assignment. I mean, is  this really gonna have to one of  those big brother -- little brother  "you broke my GI Joe and I'm still  pissed" games?
32) 10) dialog: Hey! You don't know me --
32) 12) dialog: So that's it? Big bad brother's gonna  ride my ass till I cough blood?
32) 14) text: Brian staples the last of the audio cord in place and swi on the tape player. The cabin fills with sharp, crystal c Stephen Bishop.
32) 15) dialog: There's only so much technology can  do. (picks up his tool  box) Thanks for the beer.
33) 0) text: Brian climbs down off the boat. Looks up at Stephen.
33) 1) dialog: Y'know, I told myself a million times  I didn't want to be a fireman. I  said bullshit to that line about  tradition and family legacy. I know  I split, and I know how you felt...
33) 3) dialog: I gotta do this, Stephen. I gotta  know.
34) 0) text: A simple one-room walk-up. A stereo blares Chicago blues Brian buttons up his uniform in the mirror. He steps back looks at himself, -- and oh man what the hell am I doing.
35) 0) text: Brian climbs into his car, turns the key -- nothing. He g out, looks under the hood, then SLAMS it down in frustrat
36) 0) text: A pissed-off Chicago, hauling itself off to work in the  morning snap, passes by Brian's window. Tough Midwestern  brick. Tough Midwesterners. Heads-down in their 150 year with a wind committed to pushing the whole damn thing int Lake Michigan.
37) 0) text: The train clacking away above him, Brian walks down the  sidewalk carrying his fire equipment. He turns a corner a comes on.
38) 0) text: Brian stands there. It's his dad's station. Turn of the  century abused. Sooty with stone gargoyles and a pair of  faded red doors that suddenly CRANK OPEN as Brian comes u the drive. Fire engine 17 and ladder truck 46, lights  flashing, pull out onto the apron. The fireman sticking his head out of the passenger window Stephen. One look at the silver trumpet on his collar and know this isn't Fireman McCaffrey but Fire LT. McCaffrey.
38) 3) dialog: (chasing) Goddamn it, Stephen...
38) 4) text: Brian bolts full-out for the engine. At the last instant  before he falls on his face a fireman reaches out and dra him aboard.
39) 5) text: Brian shouts over the noise to GRINDLE, 35, one more seat down.
39) 6) dialog: I'm Brian.
39) 10) text: As Brian and Adcox fasten up their own equipment --
40) 6) text: Whistling to himself, Adcox SMASHES the brass coupling th the passenger window, runs the line through and SMASHES i out the other window before connecting up to the hydrant. Stephen and Grindle pull hose off the bed and move out.  Brian's so jacked up he can't get his air tank on right.  Schmidt calmly helps him into his gear.
40) 8) text: Stephen, Adcox and Grindle are crouched at the door, read to go. Brian takes a hose roll and runs to catch up when  he's cut-off by dazed Latin workers shouting incoherently him in SPANISH.
40) 10) text: Brian pushes past the workers and takes his position on t hose line. Stephen reaches over and re-adjusts Brian's ai tank strap.
42) 0) text: Totally ablaze. Brian looks up in wonder at the buffeting waves of flame in the ceiling, at the SCREECHING timbers  crumbling to the white-hot floor. At the walls HOWLING in bestial agony. It is the most horrifying, and wonderful t he has ever seen.
42) 5) text: Adcox and Grindle shrug and pull their helmets down tight expecting the worst. Adcox opens up the nozzle, turning l a high pressure BLAST OF WATER into the ceiling. The fire SCREAMS in manic anger and HEAVES a cloud of HOWLING stea that WHIRLS back and BAKES them like lobsters. Brian gasp for air as swirling ash batters his facemask. A window  somewhere EXPLODES. Somebody shouts. Christ, you can't se anything. Stephen HOOPS in victory.
42) 9) dialog: I'm in heaven, Lt.
42) 11) text: Brian runs back to the wall to hook up his hose roll to t building water system. He goes to unscrew the cap with hi hydrant wrench but it keeps slipping off the nut.
42) 13) text: Brian finally gets it hooked up and runs back.
44) 0) text: begin HACKING their way toward Brian's company as -- BOOM It's a sudden, shattering vibration that shakes the build to its foundations. Then, a sucking sound: RUSH-RUSH-RUSH Stephen speaks calmly into his radio handset.
44) 8) text: The crews immediately gather in the center of the floor.  They turn over tables, chairs, anything to form a barrier circling of the wagons. -- BOOM! rush-rush-rush -- BOOM!  Each louder than the last. Stephen and Brian are ducked b an overturned desk. Adcox and Krizminski clutch hoselines like frontiersmen's Winchesters.
44) 10) text: -- rush-rush-rush -- CRAAAASH!! On an instant the world c apart as all four walls of factory windows EXPLODE in a h of glass. A wave of HOWLING FLAME POURS IN after it, SHRI and HISSING. At the same moment, part of the floor beside a heavy sewi machine GIVES WAY and a ladderman, SANTOS, FALLS THROUGH, grabbing the edges at the last minute as flames BELLOW UP from underneath. He SCREAMS as his grip loosens. Grindle leaps to the ladderman's side, grabbing his arms coat. Brian hesitates just an instant and Stephen SHOVES out of the way to back up Grindle.
44) 14) text: They may all die, but they won't leave him. He calms a li hangs on till they PULL him out of harm's way. Adcox cont with the hose as suddenly, everyone HITS the deck as the  fire EXPLODES over them, BURSTING their coats into flame. Tim's company opens up their line, WASHING everybody down before CHARGING after the fire. A ladderman, NIGHTENGALE, steps on Brian's back.
44) 15) dialog: Hey!
44) 17) text: Brian, stunned, sits up, his coat and helmet smoking. Ste seems totally unaffected and is already on his feet and o the top of the barricade, the others backing him as he  mercilessly drives the fire back, trapping it finally int corner. The fire hisses, spits, shakes the walls with its furious anger. But it's all bluster now, the fire's dying
44) 20) text: Adcox leads Tim downstairs. Brian looks shaken up. Stephe helps him roughly to his feet.
44) 22) text: Brian burns at that and shakes his brother's arm off.
44) 24) text: Brian's walking over to clear the hoseline when he hears small voice. Faint. "Help me..."
44) 25) dialog: Hey, I think it's coming from a  different staircase.
44) 26) text: Nobody hears. -- Brian takes off down the other steps on own.
45) 0) text: It's only the fire's ghost here, lazy and slow. Off the corridor are rooms full of commercial sewing mach Brian enters one and drops to his knees. Looks under a table, flashes his light behind a work stan Nothing. He turns to backtrack his way out when A TONGUE FLAME suddenly LEAPS up through the floor in front of him cutting off the door. Brian lands on his ass as it hisses and giggles and dances unreally in front of him. I never forget a face, kid. -- That fire from childhood. could maybe force his way through but Jesus, the way it l at him -- -- Brian ROLLS away from it. Looks for another doorway -- And ends up in thick smoke. He drops to a crawl, stays on his belly where the air's clear. When he sees it. Behind  some furniture. Something flesh-colored. Shit. It's a bod He crawls up closer. It's a woman. Adrenalin pounding the top of his skull off, he grabs her and stumbles back down the hall, makes a turn --
45) 1) dialog: I got one!
46) 1) dialog: I got somebody! I got somebody!
46) 2) text: A sea of media flashbulbs ERUPTS in his face. The press h arrived in force, crowding the street. Brian pushes throu them to a clear spot on the far side of the engine. Two f paramedics rush over as he lowers the figure.
46) 3) dialog: Is she... Is she alive?
46) 4) text: The paramedics suddenly stop their efforts. Turn to Brian
46) 6) text: They step aside. Brian looks down. The woman looks strang Mostly because she's a heavy store DRESSING DUMMY. The  paramedics burst into laughter. Brian, looking pale and  shaken, turns and walks away. He passes Grindle and Tim,  sitting on the pumper's tailboard helping the REAL woman  that was found inside.
46) 8) text: Photographers have appeared and are flashing the woman. D Brian wanders off, tries to help out with the choking clo of singed factory employees before finally turning quickl into
47) 1) dialog: Shit...
47) 2) text: Someone else does too. Jennifer. Dressed now in a long  expensive coat, she's standing at the end of the alley wi a clipboard. Brian, ashes smeared across an ashen face,  spittle on his chin, doesn't notice her.
47) 5) dialog: Yeah. Fine. I'm a little busy right  now.
47) 8) dialog: -- C'mon, Stephen.
47) 10) text: Stephen turns to leave. Brian yells after him.
47) 11) dialog: Goddamn it Stephen!
47) 13) dialog: -- I was doin' it! I was up there  fucking doin' it. You don't know,  man, you don't know what I did!
47) 18) text: As Stephen leaves, we see that Jennifer's been standing a the end of the alley, listening to them. She's turns and  walks as Brian looks up. We register his surprise. He wat her head toward a dynamic-looking guy in his 40s, ALDERMA SWAYZAK, surrounded by reporters.
49) 0) text: Brian and the rest of the company rip open the walls and  beat the last weak flames in a final flurry of dingy spar The moment the smoke clears just a fraction, cigarettes a in everyone's mouth. Was it good for you? The talk is eas and obscene, the intense camaraderie of shared danger. As clods are thrown playfully back and forth in the afterglo of having taken on the worst there is and walking away on more time.
49) 4) text: Adcox sees Brian. Smiles.
49) 6) dialog: My Lt. might have something to say  about that.
49) 8) dialog: (beat) John, when you're in there... in the  fire... do you ever see...
49) 10) dialog: (to Adcox) -- Never mind.
49) 11) text: Brian turns and sees out the window Jennifer and Swayzak  standing near Rimgale's red fire dept. sedan.
50) 20) text: Grindle and Santos start walking for Stephen. Brian's the following after them.
50) 29) text: Swayzak holds Adcox's gaze, then turns for his car. Brian watches Jennifer climb in beside her boss.
50) 30) dialog: This is your city job?
51) 0) text: Brian jumps down from the rig as it backs up the driveway Across the street a middle-aged woman flashes them from t balcony of her apartment.
51) 3) text: Adcox watches Brian and Tim exchange looks. Tim shrugs. B sighs and pulls out the pike poles, starts across the flo before freezing suddenly at a murderous GROWL. Brian turn and sees a DOG. Sort of. It has the rib cage of a wild be fangs, long greasy hair. It blocks his way, SNARLING with hate.
51) 6) dialog: Have you guys got something against  dalmatians?
51) 7) text: Brian wipes some of the crusted grime from his face, look back and forth between Franny and The Thing, and sighs.
53) 0) text: Brian enters, strips down his battered uniform, and opens his locker. The mannequin from the fire SPRINGS OUT, legs spread. A sign taped to its mouth says: "TAKE ME BRIAN, Y
54) 0) text: Brian and the others scrub the morning's fire off their b in the station shower. Tim keeps filling his mouth full o water and launching it upward in a stream.
54) 1) dialog: Do you have to do that?
54) 3) text: Brian compares himself to the praise heaped on Stephen.
54) 5) dialog: Ah man, is he usin' that line now on  you? What, you think he made that  little gem up? Jesus Christ, I used  to have to listen to my old man use  that every morning.
54) 6) text: Brian shuts off his shower and walks out.
55) 0) text: Stephen sits alone at his bunk, slowly stretching a strai and ruined back. He blows out a long, tired breath, and b working ointment into an anciently scarred and battered k On the wall is a small glass case full of station memorab through the years. There's a two battered fire helmets th set reverently on velvet. Beside it is a photograph of hi father. Grinning. Top of the world. He's wearing a T-shir proudly stenciled FIGHTING 17th. Father and son exchange a long, awkward greeting. In the doorway, Brian stands watching his brother, who no even 40, suddenly seems an old and broken man. The ALARM KLAXON suddenly sounds. Brian, just in a towel Tim, in boxers covered with little dinosaurs, dash for th fire pole.
56) 0) text: Tim and Brian slide down and bounce off the floor.
56) 2) text: Brian and Tim rush for their equipment. Grindle grabs the arms.
57) 0) text: The makings of a meal are laid out on the counter. Brian Tim come to a screeching halt. The rest of the station is sitting calmly at the kitchen table, watching.
57) 1) dialog: What's going on?
58) 0) text: Tim and Brian, still in their boxers, set down plates of  food.
59) 0) text: Dawn lightens the room as Brian slowly opens his eyes and sees in extreme, fish-eyes close-up: THE THING GROWLING a him. Brian turns the other direction and sees Stephen, fu dressed, standing over his bunk.
60) 2) text: They shuffle for the door. As Brian passes,
61) 0) text: Stephen pulls up. Brian opens the door.
61) 1) dialog: Thanks.
62) 0) text: That's been cleared out for a huge PARTY in full swing. A Irish folk band cuts loose a merciless bagpipe beat. City brass--including Alderman Swayzak -- a few reporters, fir and their families all mix together for this is a RETIREM PARTY for the Captain Fitzgerald. Brian enters, seeks out beer at the bar. Stephen's there, swaying with what is cl not his first drink of the evening.
62) 2) dialog: Hey.
62) 7) text: Stephen just shrugs. Brian sees Jennifer across the room. She looks great. Ref as she expertly works the room, schmoozing and hugging an calling various politicos by their first name. As she speaks to one, a waiter offers a drink. As she acc a bottle appears over her shoulder and splashes it with r syrup.
62) 8) dialog: (holding bottle,  interrupting) With grenadine, right?
62) 10) dialog: Oooh, very sophisticated. Having  fun?
62) 11) text: Her attention broken, the politico has slipped away. Anno Jennifer leads Brian aside and speaks low, but angrily at him.
62) 13) dialog: Carrying Swayzak's notebook?
62) 15) dialog: Yeah. Swayzak. Humanity's last hope.  How can you work for that guy?
62) 17) dialog: -- All I know is that his programs  are getting firemen hurt.
62) 21) text: They move away. Jennifer turns to Brian and switches just fast back to their argument.
62) 23) text: Brian can't help it. He cracks up.
62) 24) dialog: What was that? Oh man, you have picked  up a few moves since John Paul II  Boulevard.
62) 26) dialog: I seem to remember some pretty good  nights on JP II.
62) 27) text: Brian turns and walks away.
62) 36) text: As they hold it up to Stephen we see a photo spread title DARING FIRE RESCUE. The first photo shows Brian rushing out of the burning  building with seemingly a woman in his arms. The second p shows the backs of Adcox and Tim's helmets as they  administered aid to the real woman they saved. The implic is it's the same woman.
62) 37) dialog: What?
62) 39) text: The old photo is there too. Brian and his dad's helmet.
62) 44) dialog: (confused) What's going on?
62) 45) text: Tim shows him the magazine. Brian reads with horror as  Alderman Swayzak appears beside him.
62) 48) dialog: Yeah. Big fan.
62) 50) dialog: Uh, I think there's been a mistake.  I didn't save that woman.
62) 52) dialog: No, you don't understand, I saved a  mannequin.
62) 54) dialog: Every little boy's fantasy.
62) 56) dialog: I have a job.
62) 58) dialog: Yeah, we got all kinds of traditions -- like dying young.
62) 60) text: Brian looks at Jennifer, then smiles at Swayzak.
62) 61) dialog: Thanks anyway, Mr. Swayzak, but fire  engines sorta run in my family.  Politics don't.
62) 62) text: -- A man suddenly steps between them to pump Swayzak's ha Brian shakes his head and walks away. Swayzak shoots a  concerned glance at Jennifer. She catches up with him at buffet table.
62) 64) dialog: C'mon Jennifer, he's just another  North-Side jag-off with a mouth.
62) 66) dialog: So now you suddenly care about my  future?
62) 68) dialog: Hey, sorry if I made you look bad in  front of your boss. But I'm not gonna  be a poster boy for him, I'm trying  to do something here. There's five  hundred smoke eaters in this room  that do that stuff for real every  day. Tell Swayzak to talk to one of  them.
62) 89) text: And Stephen PLOWS into Jackson. Another fireman JUMPS to  Jackson's aid. And Brian's there, defending his brother,  PUNCHING OUT a fireman. The crowd finally pulls the two a
62) 94) text: Stephen takes a step for the bar -- then suddenly turns a JUMPS Jackson again. Brian pulls him off and drags him fo the door.
62) 95) dialog: You don't need a drink, man. You  need to get outta here...
62) 96) text: As Jennifer watches Brian lead Stephen out the door.
63) 0) text: Brian leads Stephen toward his car.
63) 2) text: Stephen pushes Brian away and promptly stumbles to the  sidewalk.
63) 3) dialog: So you got a 'roid going with Jackson  or what?
63) 5) text: Brian stands there and folds his arms.
63) 7) text: Brian lends an arm.
63) 9) dialog: C'mon, let's crawl home.
64) 0) text: Stephen throws an arm over Brian's shoulder as he leads h up onto the boat.
65) 0) text: Brian's flops his brother on the bed. Unties his shoes.
65) 2) text: He clearly can't. Brian slips them off.
65) 6) dialog: (touching light) This?
65) 8) text: Brian turns off the dim light. Stephen's breathing deepen
65) 10) text: Brian tucks the blanket around him.
65) 12) text: Stephen's voice drifts off into sleep. Brian watches a mo the rare look of peace on his brother's face, then leaves
66) 0) text: Dark and still. Brian, carrying a roll of hose, scales th chain link.
67) 0) text: Is a practice stand-pipe. Brian counts down to himself, t rushes the stand-pipe, spinning off the cap with a hydran wrench and attaching the hose coupling. He does it again, over and over.
68) 0) text: The sky's gone pink and blue as Brian climbs back over th fence. Adcox, coming out of a donut shop across the stree sees him.
69) 0) text: A truck has JACKKNIFED across the avenue and SPILLED its  contents -- several THOUSAND baby chicks. They're scurryi everywhere as Brian's company tries to round them up. It' hopeless as the exhausted firemen stuff handfuls of the  cheeping cargo into their turn-out coats. There's ghetto  kids all around, grabbing at the chicks, grabbing at the  fire engine.
69) 2) text: Brian stops a beat. Rubs his eyes.
69) 4) text: Brian looks at him. Does he mean what he thinks he means? Tim is coming out of a small store across the street. He  hands a small bag of groceries to Adcox.
70) 0) text: A fireman's without even saying so, "Petzold" on the mail Engine 17 parked out front. Brian's alone outside, cleani the diesel fuel off his arms. Watching a small kid playin with a toy fire truck in the drive.
71) 0) text: Tim and Brian are loading the groceries into the fridge.  Stephen and Grindle are fixing a loose cabinet door as Ad sits caulking a faucet fitting at the kitchen table with young WOMAN.
73) 0) text: As Brian and Tim scrub down the fire engine, the rest of company lies sprawled in
73) 6) text: Everybody clasps Pengelly on the shoulder. "Way to go". " right, man". Brian turns and sees Stephen out on the appa floor, watching. Watches. Pengelly's younger than him.
74) 0) text: An expanse of concrete lying out back of the station. Bui in one corner is the concrete shell of a five story train building, just wide enough for a stairway and room on eac level. Twenty yards away, Brian, Tim and Adcox stand read beside a pile of coiled hose rolls.
74) 4) text: Brian lifts another hose roll under his arm and runs for building.
74) 6) text: Brian runs up two flights to meet Tim and connect his end Tim heads down for another roll as Brian drags his up ano two flights. It's a bitch. Sweating, he barrels back down the stairs, passing Tim co up with another roll.
74) 7) dialog: Having fun, fireman?
74) 8) text: Tim flips him off. Brian laughs and sprints for another r
74) 10) text: Brian holds it under his arm and takes off. Stephen grabs roll himself, hoists it to his shoulder and runs alongsid
74) 12) text: Brian lifts it to his shoulder.
74) 14) text: They come to the doorway. Instead of stopping, Stephen fo Brian in and runs alongside up the stairs. Without a word spoken it's become a race between them. Brian's face explodes in sweat. His heart pounds as they up flight after flight. The hose rolls weigh a 100 pounds thousand. Neck 'n neck all the way; grunting, their throa burning, only one flight from the roof Stephen STUMBLES a SCRAPES his leg. Brian pauses. Stephen's already back on feet.
74) 16) text: Brian does, Stephen already gaining on him -- getting rea to pass him -- when they burst gasping out onto the roof, Brian the "winner" by a nose. Stephen drops his hose roll sticks his face into Brian's, -- And laughs. Unsure, Bria starts to join in. Stephen stops suddenly.
74) 18) dialog: What, are you kidding? By myself?
74) 22) dialog: What, is it the stairs? Christ, I'll  let you win next time.
74) 24) dialog: No, Lt., I don't have a problem with  drilling. But let's just have one  drill. Not one for the company and  one for me.
74) 26) text: Stephen turns and walks away. Brian stands there watching him in blind fury, finally exploding.
74) 27) dialog: Goddamn you Stephen, I'm not gonna  quit. You hear me!
79) 3) text: Stephen doesn't even pause and enters the building. Brian hesitates a beat, then follows.
80) 0) text: Where they bomb up a staircase just as a WALL OF FIRE LAS DOWN, KNOCKING them on their ass. Stephen jumps to his fe with an axe as Brian struggles to get up.
80) 2) text: Stephen, with just his axe, CHASES up the stairs at the f HAMMERING at the flaming boards. The fire retreats into  another room, SLAMMING the door shut behind it. Brian struggles up the stairs. The two of them slide up o either side of the closed door, Stephen cradling his axe  like a SWAT team shotgun. The door breathes in and out an something animal scratches and snarls on the other side. Brian can feel the panic rising in his throat. That thing behind the door, that slobbering, evil thing. It wants ou It wants... him.
80) 4) dialog: Christ, Stephen, let's wait for the  hose team...
80) 8) text: Stephen picks up the door, and using it as a shield CHARG into the flames. Brian tries to follow but the fire WELLS UP, cutting him off. He hesitates. It's that goddamn flam again, leering at him. Daring him. It BUCKS suddenly, DRO Brian to his knee. He GROANS in pain. -- And now Adcox and Grindle are coming up the stairs wit hoseline WASHING DOWN the room. Clouds of furious steam b out and across the ceiling. Nobody could be alive in ther Except Stephen. His entire outfit smoldering, he emerges  from the clouds like a fucking god, carrying in one arm a gasping child.
81) 0) text: Most of the firemen have gathered together for post-fire  coffee and stories. Brian sits off alone on the fire engi bumper, apart from them. Santos walks up.
81) 4) dialog: I waited... I would have fucking  waited...
81) 6) dialog: Dad's way? Where did he tell you  that? In a fucking seance?
81) 8) text: Brian lingers only a moment before standing.
81) 9) dialog: You're right, Stephen... You win...  You're the best, man...
81) 10) text: Brian hands Stephen his helmet and walks away.
84) 2) text: We see Brian in his apartment.
84) 3) dialog: I've been thinking about what you  said the other night... If the offer's  still on the table, I'd like to talk  about it.
84) 5) dialog: Yeah...
84) 6) text: Brian hangs up. He stares at it a moment, then SLAMS it  against the wall. Jennifer stares at the phone with something almost like  sadness.
87) 0) text: A crumbling one in Chinatown. Brian checks the address on his slip of paper. He stands there a beat, hating himself
88) 0) text: It's a regular station but for the rear that has been  converted into arson squad offices. As Brian approaches t office door he can see Rimgale sitting at his desk. Stand nervously beside it is a fresh-faced, uniformed PROBIE.
88) 4) text: The kid shuffles off hang-dog. Rimgale's angry gaze falls Brian.
88) 5) dialog: Uh, I'm Brian McCaffrey. Your new  assistant.
88) 7) text: And Rimgale walks into his office, leaving Brian marooned the doorway. Stepping behind a small partition, Rimgale  changes his shirt. Brian can just glimpse from where he s a horrible burn that has consumed most of Rimgale's stoma Rimgale catches the look.
88) 9) dialog: Get used to me, Inspector. I'm not  going anywhere.
88) 11) dialog: I think we should get something  straight here. I was assigned to  this office by the city.
88) 14) dialog: Where are you going?
89) 0) text: And the face of RONALD, an unremarkable man in his 40s.  Unremarkable but for laser eyes and two heavily bandaged  hands. Go wide and find him sitting in an institutional c handcuffed, actually -- in an institutional hall. A unifo guard stands nearby as Brian and Rimgale come down the  corridor. Ronald smiles upon seeing Rimgale.
89) 9) text: Ronald's eyes pick up Brian's name on his prison ID badge
89) 11) dialog: (heating up) Hey, do I know you?
89) 14) dialog: (to Ronald) What the hell are you talking about  my --
89) 15) text: Rimgale silences Brian with a threatening hand.
90) 0) text: Ronald in the hot seat before a parole board, Rimgale and Brian on the sidelines.
93) 0) text: Later and engine companies have already knocked down the  building fire as Brian climbs out of Rimgale's red sedan.
93) 2) text: He starts handing Brian handfuls of equipment cases. Load down, Brian follows Rimgale into the building.
94) 0) text: Fire crews are at work in here, including Engine 17 at th other end of the theatre. Brian's surprised to see them, eyes locking briefly with Stephen's. An ENGINE COMPANY LT walks up to Rimgale.
94) 4) text: Brian does. The corpse's keys are still in the lock. So's Benton. Blown with such force he seems fused with the doo On the door's edge Rimgale notices a small patch of melte sticky goo. With his penknife he scrapes a sample and sea it in a glass vial, stands, and walks into the office.
95) 1) dialog: What do you want me to do with --
95) 4) dialog: (after a beat) What are you listening to?
95) 9) text: Brian pulls it aside. The lower third of the wall is  completely untouched by soot.
95) 11) dialog: Glass?
95) 13) text: There's some on the sill of a blown window. Brian hands a shard to Rimgale, who turns it over in his palm.
95) 15) dialog: -- Another backdraft.
95) 20) text: Brian chops it out from the wall. Rimgale crouches down,  peels back the melted faceplate and examines the wires. T copper tip is severely melted. Rimgale sniffs the plug.
95) 22) dialog: No it couldn't.
95) 23) text: Rimgale shuts off the recorder. Stares down Brian.
95) 24) dialog: I mean you'd be right -- with normal  wire. But that's gauge ten in that  plug -- industrial stuff. Who knows  why they put it in here -- but it  won't melt at less than 12,000  degrees. And no natural spark short  of lightning gets that hot. (Rimgale just stares) In another life I was in high-end  electronics.
95) 28) dialog: Don't mention it.
96) 0) text: Brian follows Rimgale down from the office into the vast  theatre. Walls hiss and spit. Brian's surprised to see hi former engine mates there, tromping and crunching their w through broken glass, their flashlights like dancing  fireflies. Tim passes by.
96) 1) dialog: Hey, Tim.
96) 5) text: And Rimgale's off to another room. Brian turns and looks the wall. It's endless.
96) 6) dialog: (to Tim) So, you surviving without me?
96) 8) dialog: Swayzak's not my boss.
96) 9) text: Silence. Brian looks over the wall. A dirty puddle separa him from it.
96) 11) dialog: Grindle, scrape down that wall for  me, huh? I would myself, but the tie  'n all, y'know...
96) 12) text: Grindle stares at him a beat, then wordlessly steps into muck and pulls free a section of wall, dropping it on the ground in front of Brian. Santos and Grindle look at each other.
96) 14) dialog: Yeah? Where?
96) 16) text: There's a pike pole leaning against the wall. Brian pulls aside. SPLASH -- The pole had been supporting a small, sa piece of ceiling that instantly collapses, dumping twenty gallons of murky, putrid black water all over Brian's civ Nobody laughs.
96) 21) text: They leave. Brian stands there, humiliated.
96) 23) text: Brian burns with shame and anger as Adcox walks away. Ste hands Brian a towel.
96) 25) text: Brian snatches it from him. Glares at his brother.
96) 27) dialog: Thanks for the insight.
96) 29) dialog: Just leave me alone, okay?
96) 30) text: Brian walks away. Stephen calls after him.
99) 0) text: A Lab Tech, RICCO, leads Brian and Rimgale through the au area till they come on two corpses lying side by side cov in plastic.
99) 2) text: If you say so. Brian's stomach does a half-gainer as he's confronted by two hideously charred bodies.
99) 4) text: Brian is discreetly avoiding his gaze, whistling quietly himself as he looks over specimen jars on a shelf.
99) 15) dialog: Uh, I don't think that's in my  contract...
99) 17) text: With supreme reluctance Brian pulls the crisper's head an shoulder away from the table.
99) 19) text: Brian gathers the torso up and hoists him higher.
99) 25) text: At that instant, Cosgrove's eyes OPEN and his body SIGHS. Brian DROPS the body in shock and backs away, stunned.
100) 0) text: Rimgale's FD sedan. Brian is still wringing imaginary gut off his hands. Rimgale tosses an open fire chem book in h lap.
100) 2) dialog: "Trychtichlorate is a binary  structured --"
100) 4) dialog: "During heat episodes of 2000 Kelvin  or higher, Trych breaks down and  dissipates. Will consume magnesium".
100) 6) text: Rimgale CLAPS his hands next to Brian's head, STARTLING h
100) 8) dialog: Trychticholorate. Then Swayzak can  announce Seagrave was a murder.
100) 9) text: Rimgale looks at Brian. He's getting tired of this.
100) 11) dialog: And the putty around the door?
100) 13) dialog: But the right guess on this is arson.
100) 15) dialog: Some people say you don't do much of  anything when it comes to this case.
101) 0) text: Brian's sitting at a desk. He's finishing up a huge paper clip Tyrannosaurus. The phone RINGS.
101) 1) dialog: Arson.
101) 4) dialog: Hey.
101) 6) dialog: Boss and I are up to about three  words an hour.
101) 8) dialog: I don't know, I'm kinda swamped here.
101) 11) dialog: Yeah? Well, maybe I can fit it in...
101) 13) dialog: (into phone) Call ya back.
101) 14) text: Brian hangs up quickly and walks back into
102) 2) text: Brian walks over and RIPS OFF the lid. -- Instantly a ton of flame SHOOTS straight up past his head and BLOWS out.
102) 3) dialog: Jesus!
102) 6) dialog: What?
102) 8) dialog: But he killed these guys.
102) 10) dialog: What reason?
102) 12) dialog: That's why the sealant on the doors...  So what have we got, a torch with a  conscience?
102) 14) dialog: Are you going public with this?
104) 0) text: Brian's leaning on the boat railing watching the passing  parade of rich and beautiful. Across the sea of champagne and brie, he spots Jennifer talking with her boss, Swayza He has his hand on her back. Jennifer spots Brian. She smile, detaches herself and wal over.
104) 2) dialog: (eyes on Swayzak) Hey... (beat) So are you dating your boss or what?
104) 4) dialog: Sorry. (beat) Are you dating anyone?
104) 6) dialog: Well, you did invite me here.
104) 10) dialog: Nice boat.
104) 12) text: Swayzak swings around and puts his arm cheesily around Br shoulder. Another staffer slaps a SWAYZAK FOR MAYOR stick to Brian's lapel. Jennifer rolls her eyes to Brian. I'm  sorry... Snap.
104) 14) text: Swayzak leads her off in pursuit. Left alone, Brian turns the railing, stares off at the passing city. You can hear the wind-up of a siren. And there it is now, an engine company zooming along Wack Drive. Something digs and kicks inside of Brian as he wat it disappear.
104) 17) dialog: Okay.
104) 19) dialog: No, he's more of a dinosaur. Guy's  not a dummy, though. He's juggling  alot of balls on this one.
104) 21) dialog: Jesus, give him a break. There isn't  enough proof yet to go public. Sure,  we found some chemical shit we think  somebody dumped in the plugs to torch  'em, and we've maybe figured out why  backdrafts, but you can't rush this  stuff. Not 'till it's locked.
104) 23) dialog: In a dinosaur kinda way, yeah.
106) 0) text: Sweaty, flushed with the evening and a few drinks, Brian Jennifer pull up in her car.
106) 1) dialog: Thanks for the invite.
106) 3) dialog: Oh, there might be something stashed  away for emergencies.
107) 0) text: The regular engine company's gone to bed and the arson sq packed in for the night, leaving the apparatus floor quie and dim as Brian and Jennifer enter. Brian leads her back past the engine and arson sedan to t rear where Rimgale has his offices. As they walk Jennifer eyes drift up to the old sculpted parapets, the press-tin ceiling.
107) 1) dialog: This is one of the oldest fire  stations in the city. Lotta tradition  locked up in here. What do you think?
107) 3) dialog: See that trap door up there? That  used to lead to the hay loft when  they had horse-drawn engines. It was  pretty different then... but kinda  the same, y'know?
107) 5) dialog: When I came back, I knew more than  anything else that I wanted to be a  fireman.
107) 7) dialog: I wanted to be a good one.
108) 0) text: They walk into the back arson offices. Brian pokes throug few drawers, one or two shelves. Finally he lifts a squat specialized fire extinguisher. The bottom has been hollow out, leaving room for a fifth of bourbon.
108) 1) dialog: Old firehouse trick.
109) 0) text: Brian escorts Jennifer along the side of the behemoth.
109) 1) dialog: Well, our specimen here is your basic  standard issue piece of primary  suppression equipment. This area is  the pumping panel, which controls  the rate of liquid insertion into  the hose.
109) 3) text: Brian lifts a narrow, tapered straight-bore nozzle.
109) 4) dialog: This is a six inch playpipe, cast  bronze to keep it firm during hard  flows. (picks up another  item) This is our pipe extender, used in  forward lays... (moves on) This is our hard suction line... Our  adjustable insertion nozzle... (comes around back of  trunk) ...And this is the hose bed.
109) 5) text: Beat. The air cracks between them. And is brushed aside. an instant they're all over each other. Tangled lips and  gulping breaths. Jennifer abruptly breaks it off -- And looks mischievously up at the hose bed, with its l curling rolls of soft cotton. Brian doesn't remember this precise scenario being discus at the academy, but he improvises admirably, popping up o the hose bed and offering a gentlemanly hand to Jennifer. they tumble into the soft folds
111) 0) text: Jennifer unbuttons Brian's shirt.
114) 0) text: Brian pulls off Jennifer's stockings. As she kicks it awa
116) 0) text: Brian and Jennifer are into the rhythm now, breathing dee On the wall above them are framed photos of dead firemen. Watching.
118) 0) text: Brian and Jennifer lie in a tight embrace, enjoying the  moment, the lull, as suddenly the lights SNAP ON and an a klaxon BELLOWS. Firemen are coming down the pole now.
119) 0) text: And before either of them realizes it, they're suddenly  pulling out into the street and WAILING off down the bloc The wind's wild in their hair, the siren deafening, the  flashing red lights blinding staccato, And Jennifer loves it. She kisses Brian fiercely, he lets out a war whoop lo in the blast of air, and together they hold each other as the night screams past and...
120) 0) text: Engine 17 pulls up into the parking lot of the high-rise  fire. Firemen leap out of the cab and rush around behind pull off lengths of hose from the bed. As the folds curl  away the fireman is stunned to see a woman's stocking com out with it. With equal shock he looks up and watches as a disheveled grinning Brian and Jennifer climb calmly down out of the  bed.
120) 1) dialog: Excuse us.
122) 0) text: Brian and Jennifer are having the time of their lives, wh suddenly a group of firemen pass by rushing someone on a  stretcher to an ambulance and Brian sees -- sweet Jesus - it's Tim. Jennifer turns away in horror. They load Tim in the van as Adcox and Grindle jump in to ride along. To ho his hand. Stephen watches the ambulance disappear out into the stre Frustration and fury tear at him as he takes off his coat and slams it to the ground. He kicks it, kicks it till hi strength's gone. He turns, his wounded eyes finding Brian
124) 0) text: Brian shoulders his way through the emergency room. He pa a small alcove full of vending machines. Adcox is there,  sipping a paper cup, leaning against the machine in deep  anguish.
124) 1) dialog: Is he...
125) 0) text: Further down the hall is ICU. Grindle and Santos are ther sitting outside the room, raw and weary. Grindle nods to  Brian. Everyone's still stained and smudged from the fire Everyone but Brian. Brian looks through a door window into the room. There,  surrounded by doctors and physicians, lies Tim. He's been cut out of his uniform. Gauze bandages everywhere. As a p of forceps peel some away Brian glimpses what used to be face, now only reds and browns and leaky whites. He turns away.
125) 1) dialog: Do they think he'll pull through?
125) 3) dialog: I should have been there.
125) 5) text: Voices rise down the hall. Turn to shouts. It's Adcox and Stephen, tearing heartbreakingly into one another. Brian  can't make out the words but it's ugly, emotional. Abrupt it ends and Stephen emerges from the alcove, walking towa them upset.
125) 6) dialog: You had to do it, didn't you?
125) 9) dialog: Had to take on another fire bare- handed, huh? Had to be fucking myth  man in there instead of looking out  for your probie. Is that what  happened? Is it, Stephen?
125) 11) dialog: He didn't listen? He was a fucking  candidate! He was your responsibility.  He shouldn't have been there in the  first place, Stephen. (beat) You burned him.
125) 13) text: Brian grabs his arm. Stephen SNAPS and roughly PUSHES Brian, knocking him agai the wall. Brian comes off it in a flash and is all over  Stephen. They go down and it's all thrashing and shouting now. A horrible, endless draw. Grindle and Santos are in pulling them apart, holding them up against opposite wall Both brothers glare at one another, tears filling their e Brian shakes Grindle off and walks away.
126) 0) text: Brian sits staring blankly. A newspaper drops in front of him. FIRE DEPT. SAYS IT'S MURDER. Rimgale stands above hi
126) 2) text: Brian's eyes wince closed.
127) 0) text: She's pouring some coffee as Brian bursts in.
127) 2) dialog: You told Swayzak about our arson  lead. It's all over the fucking news.
127) 4) dialog: -- Bullshit! You knew what I told  you wasn't ready for the papers --
127) 6) dialog: -- You could have scared the son of  a bitch off. We may never bust him  now. All for a couple's political  points.
127) 8) dialog: (grabs her arm) Yeah? And just how much of all this  has been "doing your job"?
127) 10) dialog: Leave Stephen out of this --
127) 12) dialog: -- I work for the city.
127) 16) dialog: Yeah. In fact, I just dropped off a  letter to the Times explaining how  yesterday's arson announcement was a  fabrication by your office. They  loved it. And you know what? You  were right, my family background in  firefighting gave it weight.
127) 18) text: Brian shoulders his way past Swayzak and walks out.
128) 0) text: Brian walks up to Tim's room. Stephen's sitting there, ra looking. Inside the young probie lies wrapped in tubes an gauze and years of wasted promise. An EKG beeps, a respir hisses, and Brian gulps down something heavy in his throa
132) 0) text: Rimgale walks back into his offices. He's surprised to se Brian there working at his desk.
132) 2) dialog: I'm finished with Swayzak. I'll do  whatever you want me to do. I just  want to help catch the guy that burned  Tim. You gotta give me another shot.
132) 3) text: Rimgale stares at Brian, appraises him.
133) 3) dialog: Backdraft?
133) 6) text: Brian steps into the inner office.
133) 8) text: Brian begins searching, probing. He finally stands. Defea
133) 10) text: Brian's eyes don't understand. From Rimgale's coat comes plastic flask. He pours out of it a liquid onto the floor and lights a match.
133) 12) dialog: Fire.
133) 19) text: Brian stares at the flame. A goblin reaching out for him. Woosh! Rimgale hits it with a fire extinguisher. In an in the goblin is gone, the genie in the bottle.
133) 26) dialog: Somewhere between zero and no way.
133) 30) dialog: Go talk to the building owner.
133) 32) dialog: Our book lists the owner as Dekom  Trust.
136) 0) text: An Escher drawing of a place, endlessly vast racks spun a an open central core. High up, lost among its rows, Brian going through rack after rack of dog-eared record books a Rimgale enters down below.
136) 1) dialog: (trying to hold it  together in his mind) Hey boss, Dekom Trust is owned by  Pan Illinois... which is majority  controlled by Lakeside Dynamics...  which is a division of Windy City  Ventures... who's partners are... (beat) Alan Seagrave, Donald Cosgrove, and  Jeffrey Holcomb.
137) 1) dialog: So Seagrave and Holcomb were  accountants...
137) 3) dialog: Nice bunch of guys.
137) 5) text: A beat, then he looks directly at Brian.
139) 0) text: With glowing skyscrapers leaping up in the background, it an unexpectedly quiet, serene place along the lake. Jenni sits alone at a bench, watching an ancient fisherman look for dinner, as Brian walks up.
139) 2) dialog: Hi.
139) 4) dialog: Swayzak knows something about the  guys that were murdered. I want to  know why he keeps that hidden.
139) 6) dialog: You could check. It'd be in his files.
139) 8) dialog: Yes.
139) 10) dialog: Your boss is lying, Jennifer.
147) 0) text: Brian drives up and parks. He's half way to the staircase when he sees someone sitting in the dark in a car.
147) 1) dialog: Jennifer?
147) 3) dialog: What is --
147) 6) dialog: I'm sorry.
147) 8) dialog: You're right.
148) 2) text: Rimgale's looking through the report Brian's handed him.
148) 4) dialog: Yeah? Airtight?
148) 6) dialog: I've got three different drafts of  the same report -- with different  numbers that're all over the place.  Looks like they were just making it  up as they went along.
148) 8) dialog: Then who wrote the report?
148) 10) text: Brian hands him something else. A photograph. Swayzak and the other three, posing on a fishing boat, 1970. Time of  their lives.
149) 0) text: The red arson sedan pulls up to wealthy home. Rimgale and Brian walk up and knock on the door -- it creaks open aja They push the door open slowly.
150) 2) text: Brian and Rimgale split up down different halls. It's the HISS Brian hears first. Then the FLASH of an electrical s FLARING ice-cold cobalt blue. Suddenly the room's dimensi are there in frantic, strobing shadows. Chairs, a couch - -- And a figure that JUMPS Brian. the light from the burn plug is a fierce strobe as the figure, a confused shadow, crashes Brian to the floor. They STRUGGLE. The figure GRABS Brian's throat. Brian PUSHES him back -- Against the burning wall plug. The figure SHRIEKS in p gets his hand on a crowbar and SLAMS Brian -- who crumple dazed. The figure stands -- just as Rimgale TACKLES him. figure CRASHES across a gas space heater, SNAPPING the  connection off. The figure SLAMS Rimgale HARD with the  crowbar, squirms free, and stumbles out the door. Hissss... Rimgale climbs to his feet as fire eats at the  wall. A baby backdraft wagging its tail. He goes to a daz Brian's side, lifting him by his armpits and
153) 0) text: Rimgale drags him out on the stoop beside Brian just as t gas WHUMPS and the doors and windows EXPLODE in a HOWLING FIREBALL, the shrapnel BLOWING Rimgale off his feet. Bria slowly shakes his head clear. He looks around, tries to o himself.
153) 2) text: Brian climbs up to his feet and walks over to where Rimga lies at a weird angle, a piece of wrought iron fence punc through his shoulder.
154) 2) dialog: How ya feeling?
154) 4) dialog: Did you pull me out?
154) 6) dialog: Did I say thanks?
154) 8) dialog: Just wondering.
154) 10) text: Rimgale suddenly kicks the bed frame in anger. He kicks i over and over with frustration till something finally SNA off. Brian waits, let's him vent his frustration.
154) 11) dialog: So what do you want me to do?
155) 0) text: Brian's sitting alone in a chair. Finally the opposite do opens and in enters Ronald.
155) 2) text: Brian hands him a stack of murder files.
155) 3) dialog: I'm close... but I can't get who it  is...
156) 0) text: Brian still sitting there. Watching Ronald devour the  statistics. The photos of charred bodies. Ronald finishes leans back.
156) 2) dialog: Who's doing this?
156) 4) dialog: Then who --
156) 6) dialog: I don't have a story.
156) 8) text: Ronald drops on the table a dog-eared copy of that 1972 L magazine with Brian on the cover.
156) 10) dialog: What?
156) 12) dialog: I... I thought it was great. I loved  it. It was nothing to these guys...  medium deal.
156) 14) dialog: -- I wanted to be him. Right then I  wanted to be him more than anything...
156) 16) dialog: The outlets.
156) 18) dialog: Trychticholorate.
156) 20) text: In a flash, Brian suddenly reaches across and grabs Ronal by the collar.
156) 21) dialog: Who the fuck is doing this?
156) 23) text: And Ronald sees something in Brian's eyes. He smiles.
156) 25) text: Brian releases Ronald.
156) 26) dialog: (quiet) Who's doing this?
156) 29) text: A cold shock rolls through Brian as he slumps back in his chair.
156) 30) dialog: Oh Jesus Christ...
157) 0) text: Brian climbs up onto Stephen's boat. Nobody home. He open the cabin door, goes inside and hits the lights.
158) 0) text: There's cereal bowls in the sink, beer bottles on the tab And a stack of fire department supplies in the corner. His whole body aching with reluctance, Brian begins looki through them. Solvents, Armorall, a small specialty can o fire dept. chemicals. There's a label of ingredients on i Way down at the bottom, Is trychticholorate. Nausea wrack its way through Brian.
158) 1) dialog: Oh goddamn it Stephen...
158) 2) text: Footsteps. Brian spins around in stone shock as Stephen c into the cabin.
158) 4) dialog: Just... Just wanted to say hello...
158) 6) text: Brian backs away from the chemicals.
158) 8) dialog: You're selling dad's boat?
158) 10) dialog: I really should get back. There's...  there's something I'm supposed to  do.
158) 12) dialog: Look, Stephen, maybe we can talk  about this some other --
158) 15) dialog: It's okay, Stephen, I --
158) 17) text: Brian turns to leave. Pauses.
158) 18) dialog: I saw it.
158) 20) dialog: When dad died, I saw another fire...
158) 22) dialog: I saw it before it got them. I tried  to yell, but... He asked me to look  out for him. And I didn't do it. I  let him die.
158) 24) dialog: I hate him so much sometimes, Stephen.  You don't know how hard it was for  me to put that uniform on...
158) 26) dialog: Sometimes right when you're looking  at them.
158) 27) text: Brian sees the chemicals in the corner again and somethin freezes up inside. Stephen catches the look and there's  horrible silence between them.
158) 28) dialog: Oh God, Stephen, what's going on  with you?
159) 0) text: Brian stands before the fire station. His brother's and h
160) 0) text: Brian PRIES the lock off Stephen's locker. Starts looking through it. Adcox comes out of the shower with a towel on starts shaving in a mirror. He doesn't notice Brian. Adco turns to head for his own locker and the towel slips a li And Brian's universe caves in. An icy claw tears out his stomach. Gulping breaths, he fo himself to look at Adcox's back. On it is a small, rectangular burn. It's fresh and it's t size of a wall socket. At that moment Adcox turns. The tw of them stare at one another just a beat, then Adcox walk past him. Just then the alarm bells RING. Brian hesitates beat, confused, then turns and runs down to
161) 0) text: Where firemen are scurrying around, suiting up. Brian loo frantically for Stephen, sees him out back.
162) 1) dialog: (breathless) -- Stephen, wait a minute. I gotta  talk to you. It's Adcox, he's --
162) 3) dialog: I saw Adcox's back! I saw the burn!  I put it there! Jesus Christ, Stephen,  he's been killing people!
162) 5) dialog: How do you know?
162) 7) dialog: -- What were they doing there?
162) 16) dialog: What are we going to do about this?
162) 18) dialog: We gotta go to Rimgale, Stephen.
162) 20) text: Stephen turns and walks toward the station. Brian's eyes go to a window just above it. There, watchin him, watching the whole exchange between brothers, is Adc Adcox stares at Brian a beat, then finally disappears as  Brian hears the cough of diesel engines.
162) 21) dialog: Oh, Christ. Stephen...
163) 0) text: -- It's too late. Adcox climbs aboard just as the engine  company pulls out and whistles down the street. The ladder company is just easing onto the drive. Brian  hesitates only an instant, then runs to the equipment rac PULLS off the hooks his helmet, coat, boots -- and jumps  onto the truck as it takes off in pursuit.
165) 0) text: The laddermen look confused seeing Brian sitting among th A CAR Suddenly CUTS the truck company off. The driver SLA the brakes, PUSHING the truck company into a HORRIBLE SKI The back fishtails, the wheels JUMP the curb, BASH a mail and then the whole rig ROLLS onto its side and DRAGS to a stop. It's tangled confusion in the rear cab. Firemen, unhurt,  piled atop one another. Brian slides his way out from und them and looks down the street where plumes of smoke rise six blocks away. He starts running.
166) 0) text: Flames and smoke curl from a huge industrial warehouse al the river as Brian, panting, runs up. He searches frantic through the maze of arriving engine companies, looking fo number 17. There it is but nobody's home. Brian stops a  passing captain.
166) 1) dialog: Where are they? Where's 17?
166) 3) text: Brian looks up at the smoke and whirling firestorm four  stories above him, feels the bile of fear in his throat, desperation, -- And begins strapping on an air tank.
167) 0) text: Brian, now fully suited up, climbs the endless rungs of a extended aerial ladder.
168) 0) text: Tongues of flame ROCKET skyward through ragged holes. Bla clouds drift murderously, roofing tars bubble and hiss as the roof itself GROANS like a comatose dinosaur, remindin you the whole thing could go any minute -- and you with i Trudging alone across this alien, spongy surface, Brian l for his company. It's almost impossible to tell anyone ap faces hidden behind helmets and masks. Suddenly a cloud of smoke clears and there's two firemen  near the edge, "17" on their helmets.
168) 1) dialog: Stephen --
168) 4) text: Brian starts to move beside Stephen but Adcox turns, tigh his grip on the axe, and now all the cards are on the tab A hissing black cloud drifts through. They're the only th people on earth. Adcox's eyes are clouded with tears.
168) 8) dialog: Did you do it for Tim?
168) 10) text: Brian and Stephen are backed up against the roof edge --  sixty feet up. Far below a fireboat has begun pumping a  massive stream at the side of the building.
168) 12) dialog: Just come down, John. Just --
168) 16) dialog: -- He killed people --
168) 18) dialog: -- Stephen, this is bullshit --
168) 21) dialog: You're his Lt., Stephen... (beat) Are you gonna handle it? Are you  Stephen?
170) 0) text: Brian, Stephen and Adcox react as the roof HOWLS and GROA and huge SPLITS begin racing along it. And then it goes. The center section DROPS, and in rolling waves of SCREECH steel, the hole spreads outward; DEVOURING. Adcox shoves them aside and runs for his life as the hole races for them, SWALLOWING roof.
170) 2) text: And Brian balls-out dashes for the edge. Stephen's made o corner, Brian desperately heads for another. At the last  instant -- as the HOWLING FLAME BELLOWS UP to his ankles Brian LEAPS OFF the roof --
171) 0) text: -- And falls half a story before CRASHING onto an exterio fire escape. Flames have cut off the fire escape two floo below, so Brian climbs down as far as possible, crawls on a ledge, KICKS out a window, steps through, And falls.
174) 0) text: The weight of his equipment is pulling Brian underwater.  Struggling against the insane swirls and the sheets of wa still POURING DOWN, Brian unhooks his air tank. He leans  back, tries to float on the rising column of water. -- Hi coat catches on something -- YANKS him underwater. He  struggles feverishly -- finally tears the coat off. The building GROANS in earnest. Flaming chunks of plaster CRASH down around Brian, forcing him to duck underwater. place is coming apart. Ten feet above, one of the falling chunks SMACKS a gas ma SPLITTING then IGNITING it. A white-hot JET OF FLAME SHOO from one side of the shaft to the other. Brian's floating okay, he's floating right up into the fl Brian tries to flatten himself out, to keep everything bu his nose below water, but he's still moving up -- the hea becoming so intense his face flares and he's ducking unde water now, trying to stay alive, trying to decide whether drown or burn -- -- When there's a CRASH. And suddenly another door on the shaft is tearing open. There's a glint of an axe. A  flashlight. It's Stephen. Brian has about two seconds left. In that time Stephen se the shut-off for the gas line mounted on the wall opposit It's unreachable, a good twelve feet across a horizontal  curtain of flame. Before we can even assimilate that,  Stephen's already jumped. A crazy leap over the fire. He  SMACKS the opposite wall, HITS the shut-off, and FALLS  CRASHING into the pool beside Brian.
174) 2) dialog: "You never know till the fire stares  you down if you're gonna be --"
174) 4) text: Brian helps him stay above water. The level continues to  rise, bringing them finally even with an open doorway the scramble through.
176) 0) text: The place is full of hundreds of chemical drums. The fire has cracked its way into the room as WUMP -- drums begin  EXPLODING, SHOOTING UPWARD Roman candle fountains of  glittering FLAME. Brian helps Stephen as they snake their way past sweating drums -- pressure valves hissing madly  with desperation. They duck low, round a corner,
177) 0) text: -- And walk right into an axe handle that SMACKS Brian's  throat KNOCKING him gasping flat on his back. It's Adcox. Stephen JUMPS Adcox and TACKLES him on the edge of a meta platform that extends out from the raised flooring.
177) 7) text: Brian's on his feet now, coming toward them, when a chemi drum below EXPLODES, the shock wave BUCKLING the platform and DROPPING it several feet before it HOLDS. Brian, cut- off, is HIT with a wall of debris. Adcox and Stephen are FLUNG across the platform and THROU the shattered railing. Stephen grabs a piece of broken,  dangling strut and hangs on with one hand. In his other hand is Adcox. Hanging below him, his grip  loosening.
177) 8) dialog: Stephen!
177) 9) text: Brian's struggling to get out from under the debris. The  railing Stephen's hanging onto is slick, his hand SLIPPIN along it. But he won't let go of Adcox. His eyes bore int his best friend's with absolute conviction.
177) 12) dialog: NO!
177) 13) text: Adcox and Stephen FALL. There's a narrow catwalk half-way down. Stephen HITS with a sickening CRUNCH. Adcox falls past it, down into the flames. There's an exposed I-beam running from the ruined platfor out over the catwalk. Brian climbs up onto it, balances a over the fire below and jumps down to the catwalk where h brother lies, battered but still alive.
177) 14) dialog: You're gonna be all right, man.
178) 0) text: Brian looks down and across the factory floor. There, com through the doorway, is Pengelly and Nightengale with a  hoseline.
179) 1) dialog: Hey! Over here!
179) 2) text: They start for him when another drum EXPLODES, FLATTENING them and launching their hoseline into a crazy, thrashing arc. The flame has cut them off from the hose. Stephen se what Brian's thinking.
179) 4) text: But Brian's already moving for the catwalk ladder.
179) 6) text: Brian puts his feet on the outside rungs of the ladder an SLIDES down to the factory floor. He's heading for the  hoseline when WHAM! -- The fire cuts him off. Not just an fire. That same one from so many years ago. Don't fuck with me, kid. I'm not in the mood. Nightengale's lost his helmet and it's lying near the fla spinning slowly upside down -- just like his father's. Br stands there, paralyzed, as the fire laughs at him. Same little kid with his finger up his ass. Then something  different comes into Brian's eyes.
179) 7) dialog: No... No more.
179) 8) text: There's a pathetic little wall extinguisher mounted on th pole. Brian lifts it, approaches the fire. You can practi hear the flames laugh at him. Brian suddenly turns and SL the neck of the extinguisher against the pole, BREAKING i off before HEAVING the cannister HISSING into the flames  where it EXPLODES -- a cloud of extinguisher powder that  STUNS the flames just long enough for Brian to dash throu and TACKLE the hose. The fire shakes off the powder, rises up to kill -- Just Brian spins and HITS it with the STREAM. -- And it's like a howling train wreck as the two grapple with each other -- Pengelly and Nightengale have an openi and they're dashing for the catwalk ladder up to Stephen  because the fire doesn't care -- it only has eyes for Bri now -- -- And Stephen sees Brian tackle the monster, and his eye fill with tears -- -- And the fire's pushing Brian -- pushing him with the f of a frightened street bully -- but Brian won't give -- a now the fire's back's broken -- it's whimpering, dying. And Pengelly and Nightengale have climbed up to Stephen n pulling him away.
179) 10) text: And the fire's just a little gremlin now, sighing sadly a Brian steps up with the hoseline.
179) 11) dialog: Another time, friend.
180) 0) text: Brian rushes up as paramedics load his brother into an  ambulance.
180) 2) text: As Brian jumps in with him
181) 0) text: Paramedics swarm over Stephen as the ambulance screams th the night. Brian's right there, holding his hand.
181) 2) dialog: I'm sorry... I'm sorry I thought...  I won't.
181) 3) text: His brother squeezes Brian's hand, his eyes never leaving him.
181) 9) dialog: Oh man, don't you die... Don't you  die...
181) 11) text: They put an ambo bag over Stephen's face. The eyes never  leave Brian's.
181) 12) dialog: Goddamn it don't you die now... Not  now!
181) 15) text: The paramedics begin scrambling to load the defibrillator pads on Stephen's chest. But the fireman's eyes never wav from Brian. They look into his with complete conviction,  complete acceptance, And then they don't.
184) 0) text: Two coffins, lying side by side, draped in the blue and w of the Chicago flag. A single fire helmet rests atop each casket. Brian stands at attention beside Helen. He holds the hand Stephen's son Sean, his eyes clouded with tears as a fire dept. honor guard plays Taps. Jennifer's there, too far a to touch. Rimgale, still wearing a head bandage, stands stiffly bes a brass bell and speaks with a voice raw and weary.
185) 0) text: A sea of blue uniforms drifting across green as the funer breaks up. Brian hugs Helen and Sean. Lets them go.
186) 0) text: Rimgale's there, resting against his dept. sedan as Brian walks by, pauses, and leans on it beside him. A beat.
186) 2) dialog: Yeah.
186) 4) dialog: Like it never happened...
186) 5) text: Rimgale turns to walk back to his sedan. He pauses. Looks back to Brian.
187) 0) text: An elevator opens as Brian and Rimgale walk quickly out,  down a hall, and BURST into Swayzak's office.
188) 8) text: The room explodes with questions. Through the din Brian l over the desk very close to Swayzak.
188) 9) dialog: See that glow flashing in the corner  of your eye? That's your career  dissipation light. And it just went  into high gear.
188) 10) text: Brian turns and pushes his way out. At the door he pauses and looks back at Rimgale. The investigator nods and smil just a little...
189) 0) text: As Brian walks down it, Rimgale appears and calls to him.
189) 2) text: Brian hesitates.
189) 4) text: And there's just a beat between the investigator and his  probie before Brian nods and walks away.
190) 0) text: Brian walks down the hall. He passes Jennifer's small off She's in there, surrounded by packing boxes.
190) 1) dialog: I think your boss is going to need  some spin control.
190) 3) dialog: (beat) What'll you do?
190) 5) dialog: I'll see ya around, huh?
192) 0) text: Brian sits staring into his locker, lost in thought, his  equipment stacked up on the bench beside him. THE ALARM K
193) 0) text: And firemen scurrying to their equipment on the apparatus floor. They're climbing aboard their rigs now and the pum diesel is coughing to life. At the last moment, as it begins to pull out, Brian comes sliding down the pole in his turn-out gear, bounces off t floor, and climbs aboard as the engine WHISTLES away.
194) 0) text: There's a new fireman beside him on the bench. He can't g his coat buckled right. Brian leans over does it for him.
194) 1) dialog: You're doing it wrong.