39) 5) text: Brian shouts over the noise to GRINDLE, 35, one more seat down.
39) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.
39) 8) text: Grindle sticks his nose out the window, sniffs, then begi buckling up his coat.
39) 9) dialog: Boys, I do believe we have a  barbecue...
40) 1) dialog: (staring at confusing  smoke) I hate it when we gotta fucking go  look for it.
40) 6) text: Whistling to himself, Adcox SMASHES the brass coupling th the passenger window, runs the line through and SMASHES i out the other window before connecting up to the hydrant. Stephen and Grindle pull hose off the bed and move out.  Brian's so jacked up he can't get his air tank on right.  Schmidt calmly helps him into his gear.
40) 8) text: Stephen, Adcox and Grindle are crouched at the door, read to go. Brian takes a hose roll and runs to catch up when  he's cut-off by dazed Latin workers shouting incoherently him in SPANISH.
42) 5) text: Adcox and Grindle shrug and pull their helmets down tight expecting the worst. Adcox opens up the nozzle, turning l a high pressure BLAST OF WATER into the ceiling. The fire SCREAMS in manic anger and HEAVES a cloud of HOWLING stea that WHIRLS back and BAKES them like lobsters. Brian gasp for air as swirling ash batters his facemask. A window  somewhere EXPLODES. Somebody shouts. Christ, you can't se anything. Stephen HOOPS in victory.
44) 10) text: -- rush-rush-rush -- CRAAAASH!! On an instant the world c apart as all four walls of factory windows EXPLODE in a h of glass. A wave of HOWLING FLAME POURS IN after it, SHRI and HISSING. At the same moment, part of the floor beside a heavy sewi machine GIVES WAY and a ladderman, SANTOS, FALLS THROUGH, grabbing the edges at the last minute as flames BELLOW UP from underneath. He SCREAMS as his grip loosens. Grindle leaps to the ladderman's side, grabbing his arms coat. Brian hesitates just an instant and Stephen SHOVES out of the way to back up Grindle.
44) 12) text: Adcox's taken the hoseline and is opening fire. Water and flame crash and snarl across the floor in a blood curdlin ROAR. It's a thrashing, murderous standoff. Stephen and Grindle have got Santos but the angle's bad.  Blow it now and all three could take a header. Santos is  panicking, losing his grip. Grindle bores his eyes into t man's with the calm and conviction of Moses.
44) 13) dialog: You go, we go.
46) 6) text: They step aside. Brian looks down. The woman looks strang Mostly because she's a heavy store DRESSING DUMMY. The  paramedics burst into laughter. Brian, looking pale and  shaken, turns and walks away. He passes Grindle and Tim,  sitting on the pumper's tailboard helping the REAL woman  that was found inside.
46) 7) dialog: Sorry to hear about the mannequin. I  heard you two were close.
49) 1) dialog: (to Adcox) Stephen man, what's going through  that guy's head? Takin' it on in the  first room... this shit's happening  too often. It could've flashed.  Should've flashed.
49) 3) dialog: Guy's lucky.
50) 20) text: Grindle and Santos start walking for Stephen. Brian's the following after them.
50) 23) dialog: Stevie, c'mon man...
50) 24) text: Stephen silences Grindle with an outstretched hand. Swayz leans close, out of earshot of the cameras.
51) 4) dialog: That's The Thing. You can't stay  unless he likes you.
56) 1) dialog: -- C'mon! C'mon! Go! Go!
56) 2) text: Brian and Tim rush for their equipment. Grindle grabs the arms.
56) 3) dialog: No! C'mon! This way!
62) 5) text: Santos and Grindle walk up.
62) 6) dialog: Heard you didn't make the list for  captain, man. I'm sorry...
62) 34) dialog: Aw, I don't believe this shit.
62) 40) dialog: Whadda we gonna do about this?
71) 0) text: Tim and Brian are loading the groceries into the fridge.  Stephen and Grindle are fixing a loose cabinet door as Ad sits caulking a faucet fitting at the kitchen table with young WOMAN.
80) 8) text: Stephen picks up the door, and using it as a shield CHARG into the flames. Brian tries to follow but the fire WELLS UP, cutting him off. He hesitates. It's that goddamn flam again, leering at him. Daring him. It BUCKS suddenly, DRO Brian to his knee. He GROANS in pain. -- And now Adcox and Grindle are coming up the stairs wit hoseline WASHING DOWN the room. Clouds of furious steam b out and across the ceiling. Nobody could be alive in ther Except Stephen. His entire outfit smoldering, he emerges  from the clouds like a fucking god, carrying in one arm a gasping child.
96) 10) dialog: (to Brian) Ooooh, like the tie. Love the tie.
96) 12) text: Grindle stares at him a beat, then wordlessly steps into muck and pulls free a section of wall, dropping it on the ground in front of Brian. Santos and Grindle look at each other.
96) 15) dialog: (as Brian walks over) Little to the right... further...  further... Right behind there. Hey,  could you hand me that pike pole?
96) 17) dialog: Sorry, maybe that wasn't it after  all.
110) 1) dialog: Jesus Tim, if you're going to kill  yourself at least wait till the fire,  it's better P.R.
115) 2) text: On cue something snakes past behind the walls, whispers a whines and shivers up and over them and then is silent.  Grindle attaches a hoseline to the building standpipe.
115) 3) dialog: These high-rise gigs give me the  creeps.
115) 8) text: Stephen and Tim take the lead, their axes gripped like  shotguns. Grindle backs them up with a charged hoseline.
121) 10) text: He rushes for Tim as Tim's axe SMACKS the door and a whin behind it builds and roars and howls and Tim's all follow through now, hitting the door with his shoulder as  The door EXPLODES OUTWARD, HURLING TIM against the opposi wall and for an instant he's okay but he freezes in terro as A SHRIEKING TONGUE OF FLAME SHOOTS OUT THE DOORWAY and Grindle shouts in horror and opens his hose line as the f wrap Tim like a jealous lover as Adcox hears it and screa
121) 12) text: And Tim's screaming now too, because his helmet, his mask his face, it's all melting and Grindle dives suicidally a the monster, BLASTING it with his hose as Stephen ignores the flames and puts his arms around Tim as Grindle DOUSES them both, killing the flames. The monster rolls wounded back into the room, into the ai shafts as Tim whimpers incoherently, sliding down the wal as Stephen tries to help but oh God you can't tell what's face and what's mask and helmet anymore. Grindle looks back where the fire came from. There's a co in there, burned and lying between two doors. Adcox rushes to Tim's side sobbing and it's the end, the of the goddamn world...
122) 0) text: Brian and Jennifer are having the time of their lives, wh suddenly a group of firemen pass by rushing someone on a  stretcher to an ambulance and Brian sees -- sweet Jesus - it's Tim. Jennifer turns away in horror. They load Tim in the van as Adcox and Grindle jump in to ride along. To ho his hand. Stephen watches the ambulance disappear out into the stre Frustration and fury tear at him as he takes off his coat and slams it to the ground. He kicks it, kicks it till hi strength's gone. He turns, his wounded eyes finding Brian
125) 0) text: Further down the hall is ICU. Grindle and Santos are ther sitting outside the room, raw and weary. Grindle nods to  Brian. Everyone's still stained and smudged from the fire Everyone but Brian. Brian looks through a door window into the room. There,  surrounded by doctors and physicians, lies Tim. He's been cut out of his uniform. Gauze bandages everywhere. As a p of forceps peel some away Brian glimpses what used to be face, now only reds and browns and leaky whites. He turns away.
125) 2) dialog: They're not saying.
125) 13) text: Brian grabs his arm. Stephen SNAPS and roughly PUSHES Brian, knocking him agai the wall. Brian comes off it in a flash and is all over  Stephen. They go down and it's all thrashing and shouting now. A horrible, endless draw. Grindle and Santos are in pulling them apart, holding them up against opposite wall Both brothers glare at one another, tears filling their e Brian shakes Grindle off and walks away.
135) 1) dialog: Stevie? Rimgale's here to see you.
135) 3) dialog: He just wants to --
162) 9) text: Grindles sticks his head out the back door.
162) 10) dialog: We gotta roll, Stevie...
162) 12) dialog: They're waitin' man.
162) 14) text: Grindle goes back in.
169) 0) text: The rest of the crews are totally oblivious to what's  happening through the smoke on the other side. Grindle an Santos feel the roof go suddenly spongy beneath them.
169) 1) dialog: Shit... It's going! Clear the roof!  Now!