13) 2) text: Candidates and their relatives CHEER and leap to their fe Something struggles inside of Brian. He doesn't stand at  first. Another Candidate, TIM, 20, looks at him strangely So does the Academy Chief, his eyes finding Brian's. And  Brian's standing slowly now, joining them...
15) 0) text: Through the dimness a file cabinet. An AXE SUDDENLY SLAMS into it, RIPPING it apart. Files crash to the floor. And picture. 1970. Four young guys marlin fishing. Time of th lives.
17) 0) text: A split-level firemen's dive; complete with mounted axes personalized T-shirts from various engine companies proud declaring "LADDER CO. 6 -- AXE FIRST, HOSE LATER" and "CH FD, 150 YEARS OF TRADITION UNIMPEDED BY PROGRESS". Tonight the place is firmly in the hands of an army of  recently graduated candidates. A few on the back patio ha hooked up a charged hoseline and are taking potshots at  balloon targets, each other, the neighbor's cat. Brian an Tim, still in their uniforms, enter from the street. Surv the scene.
17) 2) dialog: What the hell are we waiting for?
17) 5) text: Tim and everyone else but Brian eagerly tear into them. B nonchalantly shoulders up to the bar.
17) 20) text: Tim holds an envelope marked McCAFFREY out to Brian.
17) 21) dialog: Aren't you even curious?
17) 23) dialog: (opens it, surprised) How'd you know? These are supposed  to be sealed.
17) 25) dialog: You crooked son of a bitch. Why 115?
17) 27) dialog: Ah man, if you're gonna bribe your  way into a station, why not 17 with  me and your brother?
20) 1) dialog: Hey, that's my cousin's company!  C'mon! Let's go!
20) 18) text: Just then, Tim OPENS UP the hoseline, DRENCHING Brian.
20) 19) dialog: Don't want you overheating, Brian!
20) 20) text: Brian ducks the stream and PULLS a length of hose near hi feet, FLIPPING Tim. Brian JUMPS him, shuts off the hose a pins him to the pavement.
20) 21) dialog: Okay okay! Uncle!
20) 27) text: Another in a series of fire engines HOWL past. Tim grabs  Brian by the shoulder.
20) 28) dialog: Let's go, man!
21) 0) text: Brian and Tim jump into Brian's car. They shoot blindly d the street looking for the fire engine, running down red  lights or anything else that gets in their way. Brian sud hits the brakes, SCREECHING to a stop. They roll down the windows. Far off can be heard the wind-up of a siren.
21) 1) dialog: (points) That way.
22) 0) text: SCREECH. They fly around a corner, down a block, and ther it is, lights flashing up ahead. Brian GUNS it, roars up  alongside the fire engine. Tim leans out the window, shak a bottle of beer, and lets loose a foamy eruption in the  truck driver's face.
22) 3) dialog: What'cha got?
22) 5) dialog: We'll meet ya.
23) 0) text: As Brian and Tim pull up two engine companies are already dragging lines toward the rolling brownstone we saw explo earlier. Tim cheers the firemen on like a drive-in movie. Brian watches the fire with uneasy fascination. Embers  whipping into the night, drifting to the ground around hi One of the engine companies is entering the doorway now. watches as they willingly crawl into a place any sane per would run for their life from. Jesus Christ. FLASH -- Bri turns at the blinding snap of a camera. Several locals ar gathered around a parked car, some taking pictures. Brian notices that right away. It takes a beat longer to notice the CHARRED CORPSE stuffed head-first through the windshi It's the Porsche driver, his legs sticking out at crazy  angles. A dog barks furiously at it.
23) 1) dialog: (also looking at body) Man. Something sure put a crimp in  his evening.
23) 11) text: And Stephen turns for his own men, Tim staring at Brian a clouds of smoke drift past like ghosts.
26) 0) text: Tim's talking to his cousin. Brian hangs back, watches th body-bag people load the Porsche driver into a meat wagon There's a still an audience for this, still stray dogs  circling and barking. Brian walks up, looks inside the ca and sees on a seat the ragged remains of a FINGER.
38) 2) text: Tim, in ladder truck 46, waves a small bye-bye as both ri begin heading down the street.
42) 0) text: Totally ablaze. Brian looks up in wonder at the buffeting waves of flame in the ceiling, at the SCREECHING timbers  crumbling to the white-hot floor. At the walls HOWLING in bestial agony. It is the most horrifying, and wonderful t he has ever seen.
42) 7) text: The chase is on! Going for the throat while the fire's  confused and defensive, the firemen SCRAMBLE through the  boiling cloud. They hit it in the ceiling, in the walls,  forcing it back and back. It HOWLS and CLAWS in anger,  furiously throwing cinders and broken timbers in their fa The walls ECHO with its SCREAMS as it retreats to a corne
43) 0) text: Tim and three guys from his ladder company, come up an  extended aerial ladder, CRASH through a window and
44) 14) text: They may all die, but they won't leave him. He calms a li hangs on till they PULL him out of harm's way. Adcox cont with the hose as suddenly, everyone HITS the deck as the  fire EXPLODES over them, BURSTING their coats into flame. Tim's company opens up their line, WASHING everybody down before CHARGING after the fire. A ladderman, NIGHTENGALE, steps on Brian's back.
44) 20) text: Adcox leads Tim downstairs. Brian looks shaken up. Stephe helps him roughly to his feet.
46) 6) text: They step aside. Brian looks down. The woman looks strang Mostly because she's a heavy store DRESSING DUMMY. The  paramedics burst into laughter. Brian, looking pale and  shaken, turns and walks away. He passes Grindle and Tim,  sitting on the pumper's tailboard helping the REAL woman  that was found inside.
49) 0) text: Brian and the rest of the company rip open the walls and  beat the last weak flames in a final flurry of dingy spar The moment the smoke clears just a fraction, cigarettes a in everyone's mouth. Was it good for you? The talk is eas and obscene, the intense camaraderie of shared danger. As clods are thrown playfully back and forth in the afterglo of having taken on the worst there is and walking away on more time.
51) 3) text: Adcox watches Brian and Tim exchange looks. Tim shrugs. B sighs and pulls out the pike poles, starts across the flo before freezing suddenly at a murderous GROWL. Brian turn and sees a DOG. Sort of. It has the rib cage of a wild be fangs, long greasy hair. It blocks his way, SNARLING with hate.
54) 0) text: Brian and the others scrub the morning's fire off their b in the station shower. Tim keeps filling his mouth full o water and launching it upward in a stream.
54) 2) dialog: (pumped) Could you believe that fire? Man!  First day! There I was, Adcox and  me, pullin' that lady right out of  the fire's fuckin' throat! I love it  here -- No surround and drown for  this company. Fighting 17th! Goddamn  Stephen's amazing. You see how he  took that fire by the balls? I'm  gonna be that good some day, you  watch.
54) 4) dialog: Y'know what Stephen said to me, right  when all the shit was coming hard?  "You never know till the moment the  fire stares you down if you're just  gonna do this job or be great at  it".
55) 0) text: Stephen sits alone at his bunk, slowly stretching a strai and ruined back. He blows out a long, tired breath, and b working ointment into an anciently scarred and battered k On the wall is a small glass case full of station memorab through the years. There's a two battered fire helmets th set reverently on velvet. Beside it is a photograph of hi father. Grinning. Top of the world. He's wearing a T-shir proudly stenciled FIGHTING 17th. Father and son exchange a long, awkward greeting. In the doorway, Brian stands watching his brother, who no even 40, suddenly seems an old and broken man. The ALARM KLAXON suddenly sounds. Brian, just in a towel Tim, in boxers covered with little dinosaurs, dash for th fire pole.
56) 0) text: Tim and Brian slide down and bounce off the floor.
56) 2) text: Brian and Tim rush for their equipment. Grindle grabs the arms.
57) 0) text: The makings of a meal are laid out on the counter. Brian Tim come to a screeching halt. The rest of the station is sitting calmly at the kitchen table, watching.
58) 0) text: Tim and Brian, still in their boxers, set down plates of  food.
62) 36) text: As they hold it up to Stephen we see a photo spread title DARING FIRE RESCUE. The first photo shows Brian rushing out of the burning  building with seemingly a woman in his arms. The second p shows the backs of Adcox and Tim's helmets as they  administered aid to the real woman they saved. The implic is it's the same woman.
62) 38) dialog: (reads) "Probationary Fireman Brian McCaffrey,  on his very first fire, showed the  kind of bravery and courage of a  veteran firefighter when he risked  life and limb to double-check a  burning floor alone, emerging  victoriously with Anna Rodriguez, a  seamstress for the North Shore  Clothing Company... McCaffrey first  gained prominence as the subject of  a 1972 Pulitzer Prize winning  photograph taken at the scene of his  father's death..."
62) 45) text: Tim shows him the magazine. Brian reads with horror as  Alderman Swayzak appears beside him.
69) 4) text: Brian looks at him. Does he mean what he thinks he means? Tim is coming out of a small store across the street. He  hands a small bag of groceries to Adcox.
69) 5) dialog: This everything you wanted?
71) 0) text: Tim and Brian are loading the groceries into the fridge.  Stephen and Grindle are fixing a loose cabinet door as Ad sits caulking a faucet fitting at the kitchen table with young WOMAN.
73) 0) text: As Brian and Tim scrub down the fire engine, the rest of company lies sprawled in
74) 0) text: An expanse of concrete lying out back of the station. Bui in one corner is the concrete shell of a five story train building, just wide enough for a stairway and room on eac level. Twenty yards away, Brian, Tim and Adcox stand read beside a pile of coiled hose rolls.
74) 2) text: Tim picks up a roll of hose, 50 pounds, throws it over hi shoulder and runs with Adcox to the foot of the building. There's a fixed standpipe that Adcox ties into as Tim dra the other end inside and up a flight of stairs.
74) 6) text: Brian runs up two flights to meet Tim and connect his end Tim heads down for another roll as Brian drags his up ano two flights. It's a bitch. Sweating, he barrels back down the stairs, passing Tim co up with another roll.
74) 8) text: Tim flips him off. Brian laughs and sprints for another r
74) 19) text: Adcox and Tim, down below, have already disappeared back  into the station.
96) 0) text: Brian follows Rimgale down from the office into the vast  theatre. Walls hiss and spit. Brian's surprised to see hi former engine mates there, tromping and crunching their w through broken glass, their flashlights like dancing  fireflies. Tim passes by.
96) 3) dialog: (distant) Brian.
96) 7) dialog: There's no replacement 'cause of  your boss' cuts, if that's what you  mean. If someone else goes out on an  injury we're really screwed.
110) 0) text: Engine 17 roars up, lights flashing, to a high-rise. As t crew jumps down Tim trips and falls flat on his face.
113) 1) dialog: How do we know if the floor's going  to be on fire?
115) 7) dialog: Yes sir!
115) 8) text: Stephen and Tim take the lead, their axes gripped like  shotguns. Grindle backs them up with a charged hoseline.
115) 14) text: Adcox folds. With a stricken look on his face he takes hi crew down the other way. Stephen and Tim slowly feel thei way.
115) 17) text: Tim looks confused. He doesn't get it. They come to a side door. Stephen runs his hand down the  jam, feels for heat. Then he steps back, takes a deep bre and CRASHES the door down with one AXE BLOW. Quiet inside
121) 0) text: Stephen and Tim creep along the hall.
121) 2) text: Tim's come to one.
121) 4) text: Stephen BANGS down another door. Sticks his head in to ch A little woodpecker toy dips up and down in a glass of wa Tim readies his axe before his door, gathers his courage Stephen comes out of the room he was checking. Sees Tim  lifting his axe.
121) 6) text: Tim doesn't hear. The axe is already up.
121) 8) text: Tim's committed now, coming hard at the door. And Stephen sees it for just an instant -- Small tendrils of smoke ed lazily around the door -- then being sucked back in.
121) 10) text: He rushes for Tim as Tim's axe SMACKS the door and a whin behind it builds and roars and howls and Tim's all follow through now, hitting the door with his shoulder as  The door EXPLODES OUTWARD, HURLING TIM against the opposi wall and for an instant he's okay but he freezes in terro as A SHRIEKING TONGUE OF FLAME SHOOTS OUT THE DOORWAY and Grindle shouts in horror and opens his hose line as the f wrap Tim like a jealous lover as Adcox hears it and screa
121) 12) text: And Tim's screaming now too, because his helmet, his mask his face, it's all melting and Grindle dives suicidally a the monster, BLASTING it with his hose as Stephen ignores the flames and puts his arms around Tim as Grindle DOUSES them both, killing the flames. The monster rolls wounded back into the room, into the ai shafts as Tim whimpers incoherently, sliding down the wal as Stephen tries to help but oh God you can't tell what's face and what's mask and helmet anymore. Grindle looks back where the fire came from. There's a co in there, burned and lying between two doors. Adcox rushes to Tim's side sobbing and it's the end, the of the goddamn world...
122) 0) text: Brian and Jennifer are having the time of their lives, wh suddenly a group of firemen pass by rushing someone on a  stretcher to an ambulance and Brian sees -- sweet Jesus - it's Tim. Jennifer turns away in horror. They load Tim in the van as Adcox and Grindle jump in to ride along. To ho his hand. Stephen watches the ambulance disappear out into the stre Frustration and fury tear at him as he takes off his coat and slams it to the ground. He kicks it, kicks it till hi strength's gone. He turns, his wounded eyes finding Brian
125) 0) text: Further down the hall is ICU. Grindle and Santos are ther sitting outside the room, raw and weary. Grindle nods to  Brian. Everyone's still stained and smudged from the fire Everyone but Brian. Brian looks through a door window into the room. There,  surrounded by doctors and physicians, lies Tim. He's been cut out of his uniform. Gauze bandages everywhere. As a p of forceps peel some away Brian glimpses what used to be face, now only reds and browns and leaky whites. He turns away.
128) 0) text: Brian walks up to Tim's room. Stephen's sitting there, ra looking. Inside the young probie lies wrapped in tubes an gauze and years of wasted promise. An EKG beeps, a respir hisses, and Brian gulps down something heavy in his throa
130) 7) text: For the first time, Rimgale sees real fear on Swayzak's f
148) 10) text: Brian hands him something else. A photograph. Swayzak and the other three, posing on a fishing boat, 1970. Time of  their lives.
174) 0) text: The weight of his equipment is pulling Brian underwater.  Struggling against the insane swirls and the sheets of wa still POURING DOWN, Brian unhooks his air tank. He leans  back, tries to float on the rising column of water. -- Hi coat catches on something -- YANKS him underwater. He  struggles feverishly -- finally tears the coat off. The building GROANS in earnest. Flaming chunks of plaster CRASH down around Brian, forcing him to duck underwater. place is coming apart. Ten feet above, one of the falling chunks SMACKS a gas ma SPLITTING then IGNITING it. A white-hot JET OF FLAME SHOO from one side of the shaft to the other. Brian's floating okay, he's floating right up into the fl Brian tries to flatten himself out, to keep everything bu his nose below water, but he's still moving up -- the hea becoming so intense his face flares and he's ducking unde water now, trying to stay alive, trying to decide whether drown or burn -- -- When there's a CRASH. And suddenly another door on the shaft is tearing open. There's a glint of an axe. A  flashlight. It's Stephen. Brian has about two seconds left. In that time Stephen se the shut-off for the gas line mounted on the wall opposit It's unreachable, a good twelve feet across a horizontal  curtain of flame. Before we can even assimilate that,  Stephen's already jumped. A crazy leap over the fire. He  SMACKS the opposite wall, HITS the shut-off, and FALLS  CRASHING into the pool beside Brian.