20) 2) text: As Brian turns, he suddenly confronted by an elderly  LITHUANIAN WOMAN.
28) 2) text: A warm looking woman, 30's, HELEN, comes around the corne
45) 0) text: It's only the fire's ghost here, lazy and slow. Off the corridor are rooms full of commercial sewing mach Brian enters one and drops to his knees. Looks under a table, flashes his light behind a work stan Nothing. He turns to backtrack his way out when A TONGUE FLAME suddenly LEAPS up through the floor in front of him cutting off the door. Brian lands on his ass as it hisses and giggles and dances unreally in front of him. I never forget a face, kid. -- That fire from childhood. could maybe force his way through but Jesus, the way it l at him -- -- Brian ROLLS away from it. Looks for another doorway -- And ends up in thick smoke. He drops to a crawl, stays on his belly where the air's clear. When he sees it. Behind  some furniture. Something flesh-colored. Shit. It's a bod He crawls up closer. It's a woman. Adrenalin pounding the top of his skull off, he grabs her and stumbles back down the hall, makes a turn --
46) 6) text: They step aside. Brian looks down. The woman looks strang Mostly because she's a heavy store DRESSING DUMMY. The  paramedics burst into laughter. Brian, looking pale and  shaken, turns and walks away. He passes Grindle and Tim,  sitting on the pumper's tailboard helping the REAL woman  that was found inside.
46) 8) text: Photographers have appeared and are flashing the woman. D Brian wanders off, tries to help out with the choking clo of singed factory employees before finally turning quickl into
51) 0) text: Brian jumps down from the rig as it backs up the driveway Across the street a middle-aged woman flashes them from t balcony of her apartment.
62) 36) text: As they hold it up to Stephen we see a photo spread title DARING FIRE RESCUE. The first photo shows Brian rushing out of the burning  building with seemingly a woman in his arms. The second p shows the backs of Adcox and Tim's helmets as they  administered aid to the real woman they saved. The implic is it's the same woman.
71) 0) text: Tim and Brian are loading the groceries into the fridge.  Stephen and Grindle are fixing a loose cabinet door as Ad sits caulking a faucet fitting at the kitchen table with young WOMAN.
71) 1) dialog: (to Stephen) Can I help you guys at all?
71) 3) dialog: (noticing Adcox's  shirt) Sally must be finally ironing your  shirts.
71) 6) dialog: I'm sorry...
71) 9) dialog: I miss him... I just miss him,  y'know?...
120) 0) text: Engine 17 pulls up into the parking lot of the high-rise  fire. Firemen leap out of the cab and rush around behind pull off lengths of hose from the bed. As the folds curl  away the fireman is stunned to see a woman's stocking com out with it. With equal shock he looks up and watches as a disheveled grinning Brian and Jennifer climb calmly down out of the  bed.
133) 21) text: A young woman's entered.
133) 23) dialog: Well color me stupid, I always thought  the fire dept. put out fires.
133) 25) dialog: Till yesterday. What do you think  the odds are that a non-refundable  ticket to Paris survived this?
133) 27) dialog: Shit. What a mess.
133) 29) dialog: Jeff Holcomb? The Darth Vader of tax  accountants? He was a sleezeball.  Hopefully a sleezeball that carried  some insurance.
133) 31) dialog: He was the building owner.
133) 34) dialog: Don't investigators come in adult  size?