19) 5) dialog: 
19) 8) dialog: An exhaustive list, Robbie, but I'll go with the entire career of M. Night Shyamalan. Just then, Kirby appears, having heard this.
19) 10) dialog: Revoked. Now considered a fluke. No longer valid.
28) 0) text: Several MEDIA OUTLETS have planted themselves outside the POLICE STATION. Olivia and Kirby watch the ruckus from th water fountain. Charlie is there too.
28) 3) dialog: It puts Jill up next on the victim chain. If the killer calls, you're dead, that’s the rule.
28) 5) dialog: You can blame techno J-horror.
28) 8) dialog: Someone's gotta bite it. You can’t kill Sidney. She’s victim royalty, she can’t die. 35
28) 10) dialog: Too dicey. Potential backlash.
28) 13) dialog: (duh) STAB. Someone’s gonna make a sequel outta this. “STAB 8: RETURN TO WOODSBORO.” Charlie breaks out with the HALLOWEEN score while Kirby mimics FRIDAY THE 13TH.
28) 14) dialog: Da-DA-da-DA-da-da... Ki-ki-ki-ma-ma-ma...
28) 16) dialog: But it will be. And that Charlie and Kirby are certain of. INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE - DAY Deputy Hicks fills Dewey in on her findings.
55) 2) dialog: Somebody is looking for a killer.
56) 2) dialog: Audio visual lab. We’re one rung below the Glee club.
56) 4) dialog: First, let me just say, it isa supreme honor to be a suspect. May we film the interrogation? Robbie films with his FLIP. Deputy Hicks casually takes i from him. Dewey and Gale eye Charlie.
56) 6) dialog: I lost it. It was stolen.
56) 7) dialog: I don’t know what happened to it. Your Deputy asked already. I can’t find it. Not since lunch yesterday. I sat it down for two seconds to grab a burrito and a Rockstar -- gone.
56) 10) dialog: I know someone used it in Olivia’s murder. But it wasn’t me. I stayed in. Watched WICKER MAN. The original. Ask my mom. Look, I’m a horror junkie, to state the obvious, but I like my violence in movies, not in reality.
56) 12) dialog: I’m not Billy Loomis, Sheriff. If anything, I’m Randy, the film geek. I just got accepted to Tisch.
56) 16) dialog: Thank you. Besides, I don’t do teen slasher. I’m more cult, Argento, early Lynch, my tastes are subversive. 66
56) 18) dialog: I'd never partake in some lame sequelitis retread.
56) 20) dialog: Oh yeah, someone’s trying to bring the STAB franchise back with a reboot.
56) 22) dialog: And it sucks. It doesn’t need to be brought back. This genre trend of shit remakes needs to stop. Rob Zombie.
56) 24) dialog: Because for every DARK KNIGHT there’s 50 PROM NIGHTS. Dewey looks to Gale. She shakes her head. These guys are harmless. Just then, a TAP on the door. Dewey looks up to see Deputy Hicks motioning to them.
75) 0) text: Jill sees Charlie and Trevor enter. Kirby shrugs.
77) 0) text: Charlie and Robbie are playing a game of pool, in the mid of a heated discussion.
77) 2) dialog: You're missing mine. The original STAB was an irreverent self aware post-modern deconstruction of the horror genre. How do you remake it?
77) 4) dialog: And what’s the next level?
77) 6) dialog: No, they haven't. If anything it’s gone backwards. What rules have changed?
77) 9) dialog: Don’t bring her into this. She knows nothing.
77) 11) dialog: Who played Leather Face first?
77) 16) dialog: But racial awareness has not changed. The black person still can’t be the killer.
77) 21) dialog: That is sadistically sad. I refuse to believe it. So if you drink and do drugs -- will you live?
77) 27) dialog: Because he’s bananas. You should be happy.
77) 29) dialog: He busted you good.
77) 31) dialog: Isn’t Baker the one who caught you in the locker room with the (mimes weed) and the (mimes tits)? Trevor resists ripping his head off. Charlie knows he’s stirring up trouble.
77) 32) dialog: Gotta pee. Talk amongst yourselves. Charlie exits into the foyer, leaving Trevor and Jill alo
80) 4) dialog: You were supposed to jump.
80) 6) dialog: Now, see the medicine cabinet gets me every time. It’s the shower curtain that’s lame.
80) 8) dialog: We really should hook up. Who else gets you better than me? He’s getting too close. Kirby pushes by him.
80) 10) dialog: Maybe, he left. Wanna watch a movie? Kirby considers it.
80) 12) dialog: I can do that. Whaddya want to watch? Charlie goes to the remote -- starts to key up the ON SCR LIBRARY.
80) 14) dialog: Soul mates. Kirby shakes her head. Never.
83) 0) text: Kirby grabs some chips and drinks. She glances over to th SECURITY MONITORS. Something catches her eye. She sees SOMEONE in the back yard as they quickly disappear into t GUEST HOUSE. She starts for the patio doors. EXT. BACK PORCH - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Kirby emerges from the patio doors. Charlie follows, curious.
83) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
83) 3) dialog: Are you sure?
83) 5) dialog: Was it a small Asian girl with dark hair? Kirby LAUGHS.
83) 7) dialog: You're kidding right? I’ma lot of things, brave is not one of them.
83) 9) dialog: I don’t feel guilty. Or less of a man. Whatever. Kirby crosses to the... EXT. GUEST HOUSE - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A small guest cottage on the rear of the property. The fr door is made of glass but’s it’s completely dark inside.
88) 4) dialog: Robbie’s dead. Sidney doesn’t know what to think of him. She holds out t knife.
88) 6) dialog: Why? What did I do?
88) 10) dialog: I tried to help Robbie. Charlie is honestly scared out of his mind. He takes a st towards them when Sidney shields Kirby, protecting her. Kirby races back inside the guest house. Sid is right beh her. They lock the door. Charlie follows them.
88) 11) dialog: Please. I haven’t done anything. We gotta get out of here. INT. FOYER - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Deputy Hicks enters. Gun drawn. A LIGHT at the top of the stairs takes her attention. It’s followed by a CLOSING DO
89) 0) text: Charlie stands just outside the glass doors. He pleads wi them. While Sidney dials her CELL PHONE. She’s calling Ji But there’s no answer.
89) 1) dialog: C’mon, open up. He BEATS on the glass window. His face is panicked.
89) 3) dialog: Hurry, we need to go... Kirby is freaking out. She fights back her emotion. Just then, Kirby and Sidney see GHOST FACE appears behind Charlie. She realizes she was wrong.
93) 0) text: In the middle of the yard, directly facing the GUEST HOUS Charlie sits in a patio chair. Bound by electrical tape. covers his mouth, his arms, and legs. He STRUGGLES to free himself, RIPPING and PULLING -- but impossible. 98
93) 58) dialog: Oh god, hurry...
93) 61) dialog: Yeah, just one thing. She looks at Charlie -- his expression turns. Then, she s the KNIFE he reaches for, hidden in the chair. The next moment happens fast -- AS CHARLIE STABS HER WITH THE KNIF It SLICES INTO KIRBY’S stomach. She stumbles back. 103
93) 62) dialog: How did you fucking know 11? You fucking cow, you were supposed to miss that one. Goddammit. Kirby looks at him with childlike innocence. Then, the pa and shock follow.
93) 63) dialog: Yeah, you win alright. You fucking prick tease. You win death. He STABS her again -- FURIOUS AT HER. She COUGHS UP, unab to speak -- a look of stunned horror. He STABS HER SEVERA MORE TIMES -- QUICK JABS. Kirby manages a SCREAM. Sidney turns in time to see Kirby drop to the ground. As Charlie meets Sid’s stare.
93) 64) dialog: Okay, you look genuinely surprised. I can explain. He takes a step towards Sid. She stumbles back inside the house. He starts for her.
96) 0) text: Sid races down the hall. She gets to the stair case. Look down to see Charlie climbing up -- knife in hand. Sidney runs down the hallway to an open doorway. She goes inside and trips instantly over something. She comes face to face with Deputy Hicks. Sidney is on to of her, staring directly into Hicks’ cold, dead eyes. SIDNEY SCREAMS. Rolls off her. Turns to see -- GHOST FACE enter the room. Sidney looks around. There’s no where els for her to run. Slowly, GHOST FACE approaches.
97) 0) text: Charlie is dragging Trevor’s body to the top of the stair It’s obvious now that his feet have been bound and he’s b seriously injured. His shirt is bloody red. 105
97) 1) dialog: C'mon, Trevor, buddy, this might hurt a little. Charlie sits him up at the top of the stairs and then pus him. His body goes TUMBLING to the body. He lands with a THUD. And a CRACK. Something broke. He la at the bottom of the stairs -- CRYING OUT IN PAIN. Charli trots down to join him.
97) 2) dialog: It looks like you broke your leg. That sucks. Charlie PRESSES down on it. Trevor SCREAMS IN AGONY.
97) 4) dialog: (to Jill) You asked her the easy questions. Didn’t you use my list? I put the harder ones at the top. Why did you skip?
97) 6) dialog: Can we do him yet? With DNA testing, we’re good with time line. Jill turns the gun to Trevor -- without flinching. She shoots him in the forehead. He drops over dead.
98) 0) text: Jill and Charlie lead Sid into the kitchen where Robbie l dead on the floor.
98) 1) dialog: You got it figured out yet, Sid? In keeping with our remake theme, Trevor and Robbie are this generation’s-- 106
98) 4) dialog: We're Sidney and Randy. And we get to go to college and have a sequel. But this time -- Randy gets the girl. Charlie moves to Jill -- she lets him kiss her. You get t sense she tolerates Charlie. They break. He smiles.
98) 5) dialog: You did real good. You're the perfect victim. Jill can’t hide it. She’s full of exhilaration.
98) 8) dialog: Her mother was a slut bag whore just like your mother. Sisters. I made out with her mom once. She got drunk and slipped me the tongue one night.
98) 15) dialog: C'mon, baby, let’s do this old school, like Billy and Stu. It’s a remake, baby. (ala Chinatown) No, it’s a sequel. It’s a_ remake, sequel, remake, sequel, sister, daughter, sequel... Jill stabs him. She gets him DIRECTLY in the heart. He drops to his knees. Instant pain. But his face registers confusion too.
98) 16) dialog: That’s not the way we rehearsed it... He doubles over, bleeding. She takes the opportunity -- STRIKES him again. And, in this moment, he realizes he’s been played and betrayed.