16) 0) text: The morning sun shines bright over the quaint town of Woodsboro, California. Little moments of small town life all around. Innocent and simple. Picture-perfect. Except on every lamp post for three blocks -- a GHOST MAS has been placed over the light fixture. Somebody has play a prank. A CITY WORKER stands on a ladder, removing a mask. A fema officer oversees. This is DEPUTY JUDY HICKS, 30’s. Cursed with cute-ness, Hicks plays it serious at all times. She’ over compensating. But it just makes her cuter. The SHERIFF'S JEEP pulls up. Dewey slowly gets out, surveying the stunt.
16) 1) dialog: Hey, Sheriff. It looks like the celebration has begun. Dewey looks up and down Main Street. Damn.
16) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, you can never get away from this. She smiles, small-town sweet. DEPUTY HICKS (CONT’D) Hey, I made some lemon squares. They’re in my car. 21 Dewey shies away from the idea.
16) 5) dialog: (moving closer) Sheriff, you’re not cheating on your wife if you eat my lemon square. Suddenly, Dewey’s RADIO STARTS SQUAWKING.
17) 14) dialog: Jenny Randall’s parents were on a ski trip. They thought Jenny was sleeping at Marnie’s, and Marnie’s folks thought she was at Jenny's.
17) 16) dialog: Both girls had cells and the one house phone. We’re pulling everything. (beat) You okay, Sheriff? Dewey turns to Hicks. In honest candor.
25) 0) text: A bull pen. Surrounded by offices. A FLURRY of activity. As DEPUTIES come and go. A chaotic atmosphere. Gale moves through the bull pen. She looks around. Sees Deputy Hicks.
25) 2) dialog: He’s conducting an interview at the moment.
25) 4) dialog: You can’t go back there, Gale.
25) 6) dialog: It’s a murder investigation. I’m sorry. Gale’s instinct is to rip Hicks’ head off, but lets it go Decides to play the “good wife”. But she’s annoyed. 32
28) 17) dialog: The cyber team is running a full surveillance on the cell phones. As soon as we get something--
28) 19) dialog: Any statement to the press? 36
28) 21) dialog: We'll get through this, Dewey. She gives him a supportive smile. Just then, Gale plows i his office. Hicks starts to object but Dewey allows it.
36) 0) text: Sidney moves down the hallway -- at the end is a door, slightly ajar. Sid peaks in to reveal. Rebecca is sleeping with her ear buds in -- her iPod layi across her chest. Sid quietly closes the door, turns and RUNS SMACK into DEPUTY HICKS. Sid JUMPS.
36) 1) dialog: Sorry about that. I was just making my rounds.
36) 3) dialog: Dewey left. He’s on cell if you need him. I’ve got Perkins in the back and Hoss in front. Just shout.
36) 5) dialog: You don’t remember me, do ya? We went to high school together. Judy Hicks. We had the same home room. Sidney studies her a moment, tries to recall. DEPUTY HICKS (CONT’D) And Drama Club, too. We were in Peter Pan together. I played a lost boy... you were Tiger Lily. Sidney smiles politely. She still doesn’t remember. Deput Hicks tries to hide her disappointment. DEPUTY HICKS (CONT’D) It’s okay. You had a lot of stuff going on back then. And, well, I guess I wasn’t very memorable. Awkward. Then... 42
43) 3) dialog: And they radioed and I circled around to cut him off.
51) 0) text: Dewey is with Deputy Hicks.
51) 1) dialog: The Cyber team is working on triangulating the cell phones. We should have something soon. Gale marches up, determined.
51) 5) dialog: It’s not protocol, Gale, for the Sheriff's wife to be involved-- Gale spins around -- ready to rip Hicks’ throat out. 60
54) 0) text: The SHERIFF’S JEEP and TWO PATROL CARS are parked in fron Dewey and Gale are there with Deputy Hicks and SEVERAL OT DEPUTIES. A brainy technician, TONY, 30, holds open a laptop.
57) 0) text: Deputy Hicks leads Dewey and Gale through the school’s parking lot.
57) 1) dialog: We got a hit. Tony is there with a cell phone. 67
59) 6) dialog: How can you tell? The evidence is overwhelming. 71
59) 15) dialog: He lawyered up fast.
59) 17) dialog: Could I play devil’s advocate for a moment. Maybe he never thought we'd look in the trunk. Maybe he didn’t have time to dispose of the evidence. Maybe he’s stupid. Gale looks to her.
59) 19) dialog: I think we should hold him.
59) 21) dialog: Um, Gale? Small thing. It’s Deputy Hicks. Or Judy. But not Deputy Judy. Gale resists the urge to rip her apart. Instead,
76) 9) dialog: Yes, Gale.
76) 11) dialog: Absolutely. Sidney rises.
87) 0) text: She races inside and shuts the door, locking it. Then, sh races to the SLIDING GLASS DOORS that overlook the back y She makes sure all entries are locked. INT. FRONT YARD - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A SQUAD CAR pulls up in front. Gale and Deputy Hicks get out. Sidney immediately starts for the front door.
87) 1) dialog: Hold up, Ms. Prescott. Sidney starts up the walk while Hicks goes to the PATROL in the driveway. Hicks shines a FLASHLIGHT on the empty c She aims it to the door and cement. It illuminates blood. DEPUTY HICKS (CONT’D) Oh my God. Sidney sees the look on Deputy Hick’s face.
88) 12) dialog: Sidney? 96 Hicks, against all better judgement, climbs the stairs.
92) 0) text: Jill moves down the hall. There’s an open doorway at the end. Jill goes to it. Peers in. She sees Deputy Hicks standing with a GHOST FACE MASK in her hand. Hicks sees her -- pulls her gun. Jill throws her hands up frightened. INT. GUEST HOUSE - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Sidney backs away from the glass. Just then, her CELL PHO RINGS. She answers it.
96) 0) text: Sid races down the hall. She gets to the stair case. Look down to see Charlie climbing up -- knife in hand. Sidney runs down the hallway to an open doorway. She goes inside and trips instantly over something. She comes face to face with Deputy Hicks. Sidney is on to of her, staring directly into Hicks’ cold, dead eyes. SIDNEY SCREAMS. Rolls off her. Turns to see -- GHOST FACE enter the room. Sidney looks around. There’s no where els for her to run. Slowly, GHOST FACE approaches.