22) 3) dialog: We're going to begin the book signing in just a few minutes. Sidney eyes a woman, mid-forties, KATE ROBERTS, who is waiting to see her. A big smile and hug.
22) 8) dialog: We gotta keep it moving. Kate gives a wink, taking off. “Seeya tonight.” As Sidney turns and comes face to face with Gale. Beat. Rebecca sees them together. She motions to a PHOTOGRAPHER hand. “Get this.” The Photographer instantly starts SNAPPING PHOTOS. Sidney refuses to let it be awkward. She hugs Gale.
27) 0) text: Gale pours a cup of coffee, waiting, when she sees... Sidney’s assistant, Rebecca, who has taken over a desk. S has her iPad out, Blackberry in hand, and headset in her
27) 1) dialog: (on phone, compassionate) No comment beyond Miss Prescott’s sincere condolences to the victim's family and friends. Thank you. (next call) This is Rebecca. (instantly ecstatic) OHMYFUCKINGGOD, Henry. Two girls were butchered. Payday. And I was so not feeling Woodsboro. I was like lame PR move, right? Well, FUCKMEWOW. Best. Idea. Ever. 33 Rebecca spots Gale watching her. Gives a wave.
27) 2) dialog: (on the phone) Henry, I’11 call you back. Rebecca clicks off. Goes to Gale. In awe.
27) 3) dialog: I have to geek out. I didn’t get a chance earlier. It’s an honor to meet you. When I was a kid, it was all about, “TOP STORY with Gale Weathers.” You were my 90's.
27) 5) dialog: Aw. And you gave it all up for love. I bow down. That is so... not me. Gale’s not sure she likes this girl. She’s not a bitch. Just talky and self-involved.
27) 7) dialog: I’m covering the book tour for Random. So, yes, I am assisting Sidney, but I wear a lot of hats so if you need anything. Rebecca slides Gale her business card. Gale takes it. Hmm
27) 8) dialog: How long have you and Dewey been married?
27) 10) dialog: Aw. So it was just like your characters in STAB 3. Wow.
27) 12) dialog: I didn’t mean bad wow. It just always seemed like more of a movie romance than a real one because it was a movie and in real life you two would never be... (catches herself) Ooh, don’t wanna dig that hole, so, how many kids do you have? Gale stares at her, blankly. As the hole gets deeper.
31) 0) text: Rebecca and Sidney are in the living room with their lugg
31) 1) dialog: I had reservations at the Doubletree.
31) 3) dialog: As long as we’re in Seattle by Tuesday. So what’s the deal with your Aunt? Where’s Jill’s dad?
32) 0) text: Kate and Jill are preparing take-out while Rebecca pours wine, all chatty. 39
32) 2) dialog: This smells yummie.
33) 3) dialog: That audience doesn’t read books. Shocker. Rebecca interrupts with wine. Dewey sets his glass down o the coffee table. He’s “on duty”. Rebecca returns to the kitchen.
36) 0) text: Sidney moves down the hallway -- at the end is a door, slightly ajar. Sid peaks in to reveal. Rebecca is sleeping with her ear buds in -- her iPod layi across her chest. Sid quietly closes the door, turns and RUNS SMACK into DEPUTY HICKS. Sid JUMPS.
45) 18) dialog: Good. You’re okay. Cuz’ there’s tons of press requests...
45) 20) dialog: In the lot. There’s a lot of press out there. Let me pull the car up. I’1l text you. Rebecca takes off -- grateful to be leaving. Gale watches Sidney collects her things.
47) 0) text: A dimly lit lot. Rows and rows of parked cars. Rebecca appears moving through them. She looks around, unable to remember where the rental is parked. She presses keys. BEEP. The RENTAL CAR’S LIGHTS FLASH two rows over. She starts for it when her CELL PHONE RINGS. S digs into her bag. Pulls it out with her ear piece. It’s marked BLOCKED CALLED. She answers, inserting her bluetooth ear piece.
47) 1) dialog: (into cell) This is Rebecca.
47) 3) dialog: This is her assistant, Rebecca Walters. Can I take a message?
47) 5) dialog: Okay, sure, um... (thinks better of it) Actually, this is a really bad time. May I call you back? Rebecca crosses to the car. She regrets picking up the phone. So not the time for this shit.
47) 7) dialog: What is it?
47) 9) dialog: Yes, I am. 57 Rebecca’s not writing shit. She’s lying.
47) 11) dialog: I’m writing. Who is this? Rebecca arrives at the rental car. BEEPS the door. Opens and slides in.
47) 14) dialog: Excuse me...? CLICK. The phone goes dead. It takes a second for this to register. Horror fills Rebecca's face. She LOCKS the car doors, STARTS the ENGINE. Looks to the left and right then spins around and peers into the back seat. It’s empty. She turns back when--
48) 0) text: Sidney is still with Gale and Jill. Aunt Kate and Kirby a there too. Then-- Sid's CELL PHONE RINGS. The CALLER ID says Rebecca. She picks it up.