17) 2) dialog: I wanted to tell my story. So much has been written about me in the past...
17) 4) dialog: Yes, with the popularity of the STAB films, I’ve lived my entire adult life in this very public role of victim.
17) 6) dialog: I didn’t want to be defined by the word victim anymore. Writing this book was about letting it go. I wanted to be free of my past and move on once and for all. Sidney looks and sounds great. Full of resilience and inn peace. This is a woman who has weathered a great storm. CLOSE ON GALE as she takes this in. Affected.
17) 9) dialog: Between the book tour and speaking engagements, I’m writing another book. So, we’ll see. It’s alla new adventure. 23 Sidney smiles. Genuinely happy. Gale CLICKS -- Sid disappears. The SCREEN returns to Gale’s own writing. Or lack of. She stares at the words CHAPTER ONE over and ove again. Gale hits delete. Then, leaps up and leaves the room. EXT. JENNY RANDALLS’ HOUSE - DAY The idyllic family home is a murder site. AMBULANCES, SHERIFF’S CARS, COUNTY CORONERS. INT. JENNY RANDALL’S HOUSE - DAY Blood is everywhere. Streaked along the floor and furnitu OFFICERS and TECHNICIANS investigate, dusting for prints, taking photos, bagging evidence. Dewey stands in the living room. His face unflinching. He staring at the sofa where-- Jenny and Marnie’s bloody bodies have been left. On displ Sitting upright, facing the television. Behind the TV -- written in red are the words, “What’s yo favorite scary movie?” A FORENSIC GUY is there inspecting the wall. He’s doing a PHOTO-HANDWRITING ANALYSIS.
21) 0) text: Gale looks in the window. Sidney’s book is the only book display. A sign reads MEET SIDNEY PRESCOTT. TODAY ONLY.
22) 0) text: A small book and old fashioned book store. It’s crowded. At capacity. Standing room only. At a lectern, stands Sidney Prescott, reading from her bo
22) 1) dialog: I was playing the role of victim. The only problem? I never auditioned for the role. I never asked for the part, but here I was playing it to the hilt. Sidney Prescott, the real life Scream Queen. Celebrity victim. It wasn’t who I set out to be. It wasn’t the life I wanted. In the back, Gale sneaks in, finds a spot. She listens to Sidney who is full of quiet strength and honesty.
22) 2) dialog: It was clear my life was in need of a rewrite, a re-imagining. I had to create a new part to play. So, I sat down and began to write a new life for myself. A life that accepted my past but was no longer imprisoned by it. APPLAUSE from the room. CLOSE ON GALE -- annoyed and cynical, but oddly moved too. ON SIDNEY as she greets the PEOPLE who gather around. A YOUNG WOMAN, REBECCA REED, 20's, a poised and polished power assistant keeps the wheels moving. 28
22) 4) dialog: Aunt Kate, you made it. How are you? How’s Jill?
22) 6) dialog: Yes, it has. I know since Dad’s funeral, I’ve been bad with the phone calls.
22) 9) dialog: It’s good to see you, Gale. I was hoping you would come.
22) 11) dialog: I know where you can get a copy. A lingering moment between these two women. Sidney senses something different about Gale. Just then, Dewey enters a Sidney lights up. 29
22) 12) dialog: Dewey! Gale watches as Sidney races to him, hugging him. Old friends. Only when they break, does Sidney see Dewey’s serious and worried expression. Dewey turns to Gale. Who instantly reads him. Something i very, very wrong. And as if on cue -- COMMOTION ERUPTS all around. PEOPLE point to the store windows. To the CARS and NEWS VANS see approaching.
26) 0) text: Jill sits at the conference table with Dewey. Her mother, Kate, is next to her, supportive. Along with Sidney.
26) 7) dialog: No, you’re not. Because we’re not going to let anything happen to you, Jill. Jill looks at them, trying to stay calm.
27) 0) text: Gale pours a cup of coffee, waiting, when she sees... Sidney’s assistant, Rebecca, who has taken over a desk. S has her iPad out, Blackberry in hand, and headset in her
31) 0) text: Rebecca and Sidney are in the living room with their lugg
31) 2) dialog: It'll be better here. All of us in numbers. We’1l be safer. Rebecca is resigned to make the most of it.
31) 4) dialog: Aunt Kate is my mother’s kid sister. (MORE )
31) 6) dialog: They're pretty much my only family now. And the father’s not in the picture, so don’t ask. Rebecca nods. Got it. Just then, Jill enters.
31) 7) dialog: I can’t get over how grown up you are. What’s it been five years?
31) 9) dialog: It’s good to see you. Even though... Jill nods. Gets the sentiment. She feels the same way. A KNOCK at the door. In seconds -- ALL THREE DEPUTIES SWARM TO THE FRONT DOOR. Sidney and Ji do a double-take. Impressive. INT. FOYER - ROBERT’S HOUSE - NIGHT Hicks opens the door to reveal Dewey -- eyeing his wrist watch.
33) 0) text: Sidney and Dewey sit on the couch and catch up.
33) 1) dialog: It’s a 30 city tour. Barnes & Nobles, Seattle is next up. It’s not easy to generate interest in inspirational self-help.
33) 4) dialog: How have you been?
33) 6) dialog: I can’t control what other people do. Now, how are you? How’s Gale? Sidney is positive and friendly. Dewey finds it disarming
33) 8) dialog: I’m sorry to hear that.
33) 10) dialog: Why isn’t she?
33) 12) dialog: Isn't she writing another book? Sidney gets it. Feels for her friend.
33) 13) dialog: Gale's smart, she'll figure it out. Dewey nods. Hopeful. He stares at Sid. Impressed. She leans
33) 15) dialog: I’m scared shitless. Ssh.
35) 0) text: Sidney is brushing her teeth. She spits, rinses, exits.
36) 0) text: Sidney moves down the hallway -- at the end is a door, slightly ajar. Sid peaks in to reveal. Rebecca is sleeping with her ear buds in -- her iPod layi across her chest. Sid quietly closes the door, turns and RUNS SMACK into DEPUTY HICKS. Sid JUMPS.
36) 2) dialog: No, it’s okay.
36) 4) dialog: Thanks. Sid starts to her room when--
36) 6) dialog: It’s nice to see you again, Judy. Sid disappears down the hall. Hicks stares after her. Bummed. And just a little irked too. INT. JILL’S BEDROOM - NIGHT CLOSE ON THE TV SCREEN -- where two appropriate D-LIST ST have sex. The phone RINGS. Bad acting ensues.
36) 12) dialog: You guys doing okay in here? Sidney looks to the TV. Sees the STAB movie on PAUSE.
36) 14) dialog: Is this the one where Amy Poehler is the killer?
36) 16) dialog: Right. Well, good-night. Sid’s cool about. She exits, closes the door.
37) 0) text: Sidney enters the guest bedroom. She goes to her open sui case and finds lotion. She hops up on the bed and gets comfortable. INT. JILL’S BEDROOM - ROBERTS HOUSE - NIGHT Kirby’s CELL PHONE RINGS. She looks at the CALLER ID: OLIVIA.
38) 54) dialog: Nooooo... Sidney watches as the GHOST FACE picks up the LARGE KNIFE Then, turns to the window and stares back at Sidney -- taunting her. Sidney SCREAMS. Beats the window. God... No... She jumps into action. She bolts from the bedroom. Running, racing, nearly falling down the stairs... 49
38) 55) dialog: Get the police... She SCREAMS BLOODY MURDER. But she wastes no time stoppin She RIPS OPEN THE FRONT DOOR and...
39) 1) dialog: He’s killing her! Where are you? She sees the DEPUTY’S PATROL CAR. Goes to it. But no sign of Deputy Hicks or anyone. She BEATS on the hood.
39) 2) dialog: Where are you, people? Goddammit! Jill and Kirby come racing out of the house after Sidney. She SCREAMS at them.
39) 3) dialog: Call the police. Now. She runs, bare foot, across the street. Kirby goes racing back inside the house while Jill debates.
40) 0) text: Sid races up the drive, to the front door. IT’S LOCKED. S goes to the window next to it. She picks up a POTTED PLAN and throws it through. GLASS SHATTERS. Sidney climbs in after it.
41) 0) text: Sidney can’t be stopped. She races through the living roo Her feet bloody from broken glass. She climbs the stairs.
41) 3) dialog: Nooooo...
41) 5) dialog: What do you want?
41) 7) dialog: Fuck you.
41) 9) dialog: Don’t come up here. But Jill doesn’t stop. She gets to the top of the stairca Sid goes to her -- to block her from seeing Olivia's body
41) 11) dialog: I'm sorry... Just as Sidney goes to Jill-- GHOST FACE LUNGES FROM THE HALL CLOSET -- KNIFE RAISED. 51 He BARRELS into Sidney -- but she’s fast -- she spins aro and KNOCKS him against the wall. As Jill races to help, t GHOST FACE turns on her -- KNIFE RAISED. Sidney LUNGES at him. The KNIFE STRIKES JILL IN THE ARM - slices open her shirt -- as Sidney and the GHOST FACE go TUMBLING down the stairs. Together -- intertwined. They hit the base of the stairs. Hard. The GHOST FACE instantly rises. But, Sid is disoriented. She tries to crawl away but GHOST FACE pulls her back when... Sidney KICKS the GHOST FACE off of her -- she scrambles t her feet, racing to the door, coming face to face with. DEPUTY HOSS AND DEPUTY PERKINS -- their guns drawn on her She turns around to discover -- GHOST FACE has disappeare Deputy Hoss takes off in pursuit while Deputy Perkins goe Sidney. He tries to help her -- but she pushes him away.
41) 12) dialog: Where were you? Sidney is upset and angry. She sees Jill coming down the stairs, clutching a bleeding arm. Sid races to her. Sidne turns to Deputy Perkins.
41) 13) dialog: Help me with her. Perkins springs into action, aiding Jill.
45) 0) text: A flurry of activity. Whirls around Sidney and Jill. NURSES, MEDICS, DOCTORS... They're being treated side by side. Jill sits reclined in bed, as DOCTOR ORTH, 38, handsome and confident, bandages wound. She WINCES. Kate is there -- quietly panicked.
45) 7) dialog: Massive hangover. The doctor holds her stare too long. Sidney senses it.
45) 8) dialog: Did we go to school together?
45) 10) dialog: Steven Orth. Yes, of course, I do. And he had a brother, Danny, who was in med school. He’s taken aback. Surprised, she remembers.
45) 13) dialog: You can help me find Rebecca. (to nurse) Have you seen my assistant? Sidney hops off the bed, WINCING as her feet hit the floo She slips into her shoes, not stopping. She’s leaving and very determined about it.
45) 15) dialog: He told me to leave town as quickly as possible.
45) 17) dialog: He said the next STAB movie was about the death of Sidney Prescott. I interpret that as: Get the hell out of town now. Sidney sees a weary Rebecca entering. She’s shell-shocked
45) 19) dialog: We're leaving tonight. We’1l drive to Oakland and fly standby. Where’s the rental?
45) 22) dialog: You're kidding me, right? I came back here and people are dead.
45) 24) dialog: You'd like that wouldn't you, Gale?
45) 27) dialog: Someone is out there killing people because I’m here. I have to go before someone else gets hurt. Beat. Sadly, this makes sense to Jill. To all of them.
48) 0) text: Sidney is still with Gale and Jill. Aunt Kate and Kirby a there too. Then-- Sid's CELL PHONE RINGS. The CALLER ID says Rebecca. She picks it up.
48) 1) dialog: Bec? Are you out front?
50) 4) dialog: I never should have come back here. 59
50) 6) dialog: You're right. It is your fault. But I knew better. (then) Now, I can’t leave. We have to keep her safe. Sidney is referring to Jill.
50) 8) dialog: I don’t care what happens to me. But no one else can get hurt. Sidney is absolute and determined. Gale nods.
53) 0) text: Sidney is drinking coffee, while talking on her cell.
53) 1) dialog: (into cell) I’m staying. I'd prefer if everything could be channeled through your office. Thank you, Henry, I appreciate that. I’11 let you know more as I know it. Bye. Sid hangs up as Jill enters the kitchen. Sid goes straigh for her and hugs her. It’s comforting to Jill.
53) 2) dialog: I’m sorry about Olivia. 61 Jill tears up.
53) 3) dialog: You know when people say, “I know how you feel,” but you know they’re just saying that and have no friggin’ clue how you feel? (then) I know how you feel. Sidney’s look says it all. She does know. Jill appreciate it, finding comfort in Sidney’s quiet strength.
53) 5) dialog: She stopped by work for a bit.
53) 7) dialog: That's why we’re inside. Sid hands Jill a cup of coffee.
53) 9) dialog: Death? (a moment) It sucks. I hate my life. I didn’t ask for it. But running from it gets me nowhere. I’ve learned to embrace it.
53) 11) dialog: I wrote a book about grief and guilt and hope.
53) 13) dialog: It helped... pay the bills. The thing that helped most, which I worded differently in the book, is I finally said, “Fuck it.” This is it. Your life. You can boo-hoo or get on with it. I’ve earned the right to say, “Fuck it.” So I did. Sid is very frank. Jill appreciates it. She likes this si of Sidney.
53) 15) dialog: (poised) I’m so polite, aren't I? Things are never what they seem, Jill. That I can assure you.
53) 17) dialog: People stare at me? As if she didn’t know. Sidney smiles.
53) 18) dialog: I won’t lie. I’d love to disappear. Be somebody else. Start from scratch. No scars. But that’s not reality. Jill smiles. In adoration. She looks up to Sidney.
58) 0) text: Jill moves to the top of the stairs. She can partially se Sidney -- she’s on the phone.
58) 1) dialog: (on phone) I’m postponing the tour indefinitely. I can’t... Jill returns to her bedroom. INT. JILL’S BEDROOM - ROBERTS HOUSE - AFTERNOON Jill enters, closes the door to reveal TREVOR. Jill JUMPS
58) 13) dialog: Hey, are you hungry? I’m sorry-- She's surprised to see Trevor in the room.
58) 17) dialog: Something happened. They turn to the TV -- Jill HITS the VOLUME.
66) 0) text: Sidney approaches the back glass doors again. Pitch black She CLICKS on the porch light to reveal-- The WIND CHIME is now back hanging from the porch post. Right where it was. TAT-TAT. But how? Who put it back? Sid's face goes pale when-- KATE’S HEAD POPS UP FROM BELOW THE WINDOW. SID SCREAMS. Kate was bent over looking under a potted plant.
66) 2) dialog: It’s okay.
66) 5) dialog: The Deputies took Jill over to Kirby’s house. I thought it was okay. Away from me is always a good thing. Sid's making a joke. She shuts and locks the door.
66) 7) dialog: I saw the news. I haven’t heard from Dewey yet.
66) 9) dialog: You go ahead. I’m gonna turn in. 76 Kate nods. Disappointed, but she understands.
67) 0) text: Sidney climbs the stairs and moves down the hall to her bedroom.
68) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello?
68) 3) dialog: You called me. What do you want?
68) 5) dialog: And then what? I die and then what?
69) 0) text: Sidney comes racing into the kitchen to find-- Aunt Kate pouring a glass of wine. She looks up, startled see Sidney so panicked. 77
69) 2) dialog: We need to get out of here now. Sidney dials her CELL. Beat.
69) 3) dialog: Dewey, Jesus, answer. (dials again) This is Sidney Prescott, I’m at Kate Roberts house, please, hurry. Just then, Aunt Kate’s phone RINGS. Kate answers it.
70) 0) text: Sidney races back through the kitchen to the... INT. FAMILY ROOM - ROBERT’S HOUSE Sid races to the back patio doors. She opens them, then stops when she sees... GHOSTFACE STANDING DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HER. What? Then, she realizes -- it’s not a person -- only a costume hangi from the wind chime. It was put there deliberately. She looks behind her just as... GHOSTFACE LUNGES -- BARRELS into Sidney. They both go to ground, tumbling, rolling across the grass of the back ya Sidney is thrown onto her back -- GHOSTFACE atop her. KNI RAISED. He STRIKES down. Sid blocks it with her arm. It slices into her -- cutting her forearm. She SCREAMS.
72) 0) text: Sidney is struggling underneath Ghostface. DEWEY AND GALE can be heard inside. So does Ghostface -- he looks to the house -- sees Dewey and others coming... It’s all the time Sid needs - she WHACKS GHOSTFACE. He tumbles over. Sid manages to crawl away... she gets to he feet and turns to find... AN EMPTY YARD. Ghostface has completely disappeared. A si gate swings ajar.
76) 2) dialog: It's okay, I’m fine. Sid turns to Gale.
76) 3) dialog: Where’s Jill?
76) 5) dialog: I should tell her myself. If someone could take me to her?
76) 7) dialog: No, I need to see her now. Before she hears about this. Gale looks to Deputy Hicks as she passes through.
87) 0) text: She races inside and shuts the door, locking it. Then, sh races to the SLIDING GLASS DOORS that overlook the back y She makes sure all entries are locked. INT. FRONT YARD - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A SQUAD CAR pulls up in front. Gale and Deputy Hicks get out. Sidney immediately starts for the front door.
87) 2) dialog: Jilli!!! Sidney bolts for the house. She races up the porch steps inside the house. INT. FOYER - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Sidney races into the house. She HEARS a NOISE from upstairs, quickly contemplates, but then a NOISE from the kitchen. Sidney enters the kitchen, sees Robbie’s body crumpled on kitchen floor. She grabs quickly searches the draws for a weapon. She finds a KITCHEN KNIFE. She looks to the open patio doors. Goes for them.
88) 0) text: Sidney sees Kirby at the window of the guest house. Sidne goes for her. Kirby unlocks the door and races towards. Relieved to see her.
88) 1) dialog: Where’s Jill?
88) 3) dialog: C’mon... Just then, Charlie emerges from the house, looking really scared.
88) 5) dialog: Stay back.
88) 8) dialog: Are you sure? There’s blood on his hands. Kirby sees the blood on his hands.
89) 0) text: Charlie stands just outside the glass doors. He pleads wi them. While Sidney dials her CELL PHONE. She’s calling Ji But there’s no answer.
89) 4) dialog: Watch out... Charlie turns just as the KNIFE STRIKES. He ducks, races away, back into the yard. The GHOST FACE goes after him. They disappear from view. Kirby moves to the next window, just misses them. The windows of the room only face the side yard. She goes into the next room.
92) 0) text: Jill moves down the hall. There’s an open doorway at the end. Jill goes to it. Peers in. She sees Deputy Hicks standing with a GHOST FACE MASK in her hand. Hicks sees her -- pulls her gun. Jill throws her hands up frightened. INT. GUEST HOUSE - KIRBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Sidney backs away from the glass. Just then, her CELL PHO RINGS. She answers it.
92) 1) dialog: (into cell) What? Kirby watches Sidney. Terrified.
92) 3) dialog: (into phone) For what?
92) 5) dialog: I’m not playing, asshole. Sidney hangs up. A shivering Kirby stares at her.
93) 3) dialog: No, don’t... And then the phone RINGS. Sid answers.
93) 5) dialog: No, I’m not ready. A shaking, terrified, Kirby stares at Charlie in the yard Their eyes meet. He’s begging for his life. Kirby turns t Sidney, finding courage.
93) 12) dialog: No, it’s a trick question. (into phone) Maureen Prescott was the first victim a year earlier. Kirby nods. Yes, of course.
93) 43) dialog: He didn’t drown -- another trick question.
93) 47) dialog: Go with one. Nine works.
93) 51) dialog: (into phone) Hello? Are you there?
93) 53) dialog: You won. Okay, let’s try to get Charlie get to the house. Okay? A petrified Kirby can only nod. 102
93) 59) dialog: Finish this and get outta her. I gotta find Jill. Sidney starts for the main house while Kirby continues freeing Charlie. With his hands free, Charlie starts helping. He rips his legs free from the chair. He rises up. He grabs Kirby, kisses her for saving his life.
95) 0) text: Sidney races inside Kirby’s bedroom. She locks the doors, runs to the bathroom. She shuts it. Locks it. Then... SHE HEARS SOMETHING. It comes from behind the shower curtain. Sidney reaches for the curtain -- pulls it aside find... TREVOR -- HE REACHES OUT. GRABS HER. Sidney SCREAMS. KNOCKS HIM OVER. Then, she moves fast. Sid rips the bathroom door and bolts. 104 Sid runs to Kirby’s bedroom door. She opens -- GHOST FACE before her. Sidney STRIKES with her kitchen knife. It's catches GHOST FACE’S ARM. He flinches. It’s enough f Sidney to squeak by.
96) 0) text: Sid races down the hall. She gets to the stair case. Look down to see Charlie climbing up -- knife in hand. Sidney runs down the hallway to an open doorway. She goes inside and trips instantly over something. She comes face to face with Deputy Hicks. Sidney is on to of her, staring directly into Hicks’ cold, dead eyes. SIDNEY SCREAMS. Rolls off her. Turns to see -- GHOST FACE enter the room. Sidney looks around. There’s no where els for her to run. Slowly, GHOST FACE approaches.
96) 3) dialog: Jill. No... Sidney tries to make a break for it. But she comes nose t nose with a loaded gun.
97) 7) dialog: Jesus... why... Jill turns the gun back on Sidney.
98) 2) dialog: Billy and Stu.
98) 10) dialog: You crazy fucks... Just then, the PHONE RINGS.
98) 18) dialog: How did you turn into this?
98) 21) dialog: What rules?