3) 0) text: LORD EDDARD “NED” STARK (40) sits on his motionless horse his long brown hair stirring in the wind. His closely-tri beard is shot with white. He has spent half his life trai for war and the other half waging it, and his face convey both authority and a haunted sadness. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He is accompanied by a dozen members of the HOUSEHOLD GU all on horseback. Over their heads flaps the Stark banner gray direwolf racing across an ice-white field. South of the Wall the grass is still green and the sun is shining, but the air is cold enough to cloud the breath o four guardsmen as they escort Gared toward the stump of a massive oak tree. Weeks have passed since we saw the ranger but he seems to have aged years, his eyes bloodshot and weary, his face haggard, his clothes filthy and torn. Ned’s sons, JON SNOW (17), ROBB STARK (17) and BRAN STARK sit on their own horses (a small pony in Bran’s case). Jon is slender, darker than his half-brothers, his eyes b and watchful. Robb is big and broad, with fair skin and reddish-brown h Bran sits very still, watching the doomed man. He has nev seen an execution before. The prospect of it terrifies hi but he tries hard to imitate his father’s solemn expressi The Guardsmen force Gared’s head onto the stump. Ned dismounts. His ward, THEON GREYJOY (19), hands over Ned’s sword: Ice beautiful weapon, centuries old. Theon is the only man in party wearing a kraken sigil instead of a dire wolf. Ned peels off his gloves and hands them to JORY CASSEL (3 a bull-necked warrior with a heavy mustache. Ned walks to the stump. He speaks in low tones to Gared, responds. We watch this exchange from the boys’ perspecti Gared’s final words clearly trouble Ned, who studies the condemned man’s face, judging his honesty. Bran watches from afar, his head slightly cocked, trying make out what Gared is saying. There is a great weariness in Ned’s eyes as he places bot hands on the hilt of his greatsword.
3) 2) text: (whisper) King of the Andals and the Keep the pony in hand. And First Men, Lord of the Seven don’t look away. Father will Kingdoms and Protector of th know if you do. Realm-- Bran keeps his pony well in hand and does not look away.
4) 0) text: Bran rides with his brothers, his hard-working pony tryin keep up with the bigger horses.
4) 6) dialog: Jon said he was a deserter. He was in the Night’s Watch and he ran away. Even when speaking with his son, Ned constantly surveys h surroundings, aware of his men’s positions, the possible sites for an ambush, the angle of the sun.
4) 8) dialog: King Robert has a headsman.
4) 11) dialog: Is it true he saw the Others? Ned stares at his son for a long beat. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 12) text: You heard that? (off Bran’s nod) The Others have been gone for eight thousand years.
4) 13) dialog: So he was lying?
5) 0) text: Ned’s party reaches the riverbank. Jon has dismounted bes Robb, who cradles something in his arm. Bran and Ned stay back with the rest of their party as Jo and Theon approach the older boys. When he sees what lies on the ground beside Robb, Theon curses and pulls his horse away. Jory does the same and y to the boys:
5) 15) dialog: No! It’s mine! Robb speaks to Theon in a commanding tone.
5) 19) dialog: No! Bran looks to Ned for support, but finds none.
14) 0) text: A thousand years of humus lie thick upon the forest floor swallowing the sound of a woman’s feet as she walks. LADY CATELYN STARK (35), Ned’s auburn-haired, blue-eyed w makes her way among the dark tree trunks, their twisted branches weaving a dense canopy over her head. In her han she holds the small parchment scroll from the above scene She reaches a small grove at the center of the wood, wher ancient weirwood tree broods over a small, black pool. Looking like no tree on Earth, the weirwood’s bark is bon white, its leaves dark red. Long, long ago, a melancholy was carved into its trunk; its deep-cut eyes are red with dried sap. They seem to follow her as she rounds the tree Seated on a moss-covered stone on the other side of the t Ned rests his sword, Ice, across his knees as he cleans i with a cloth dipped in the black waters at his feet.
16) 0) text: Bran climbs down the side of the tower, his hands and fee finding purchase on its jutting stones with a monkey’s unthinking agility. Climbing is as natural to him as studying is onerous. He smiles as he makes his way toward the ground in record ti very pleased with himself-- Until his mother yanks him off the stones. Catelyn lowers to the ground and sternly waits for an explanation.
16) 1) dialog: I was... I was...
16) 3) dialog: 
16) 6) dialog: I promise. Catelyn leans over to look her son dead in the eye. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
16) 8) dialog: What?
18) 0) text: At the far end of the yard, Ned’s face betrays nothing as watches the King’s party approach with his family beside Catelyn, Robb, Jon and Bran are here, as are SANSA (13), traditionally beautiful, with high cheekbones and thick r hair; ARYA (11), a skinny tomboy; and their little brothe RICKON (3). Ser Jaime rides through the gate and into the courtyard.
18) 1) dialog: (whispering to Jon) Is that the king?
24) 0) text: Bran and Prince Tommen drill in the yard with padded wood swords. The children are so heavily padded themselves tha they look like they’ve been wrapped in featherbeds. Huffing and puffing, they thump each other under the watc eye of SER RODRIK CASSEL (60), the master-at-arms, a stou keg of a man with thick white sideburns. A dozen (male) spectators call out encouragements, Robb t loudest among them. Theon Greyjoy watches with his characteristic wry contempt. Twenty yards from the others, Jon Snow watches as well, seated alone on a rough wooden bench. Absorbed in the act he is unaware of Arya’s approach until she jumps on his b
28) 9) dialog: Come on, you. He runs off. His wolf bounds after him.
29) 0) text: With his wolf at his heels, Bran runs toward the First Ke the oldest part of the castle. He reaches the squat round tower and looks up. The Keep h been deserted for years; its crown has begun to crumble, moss grows between the stones. High above, it is festoone with gargoyles leaning blindly over empty space. Bran turns to the pup.
29) 1) dialog: Lie down. Now stay. The wolf does as he is told. Bran scratches him behind th ears, then finds a handhold in the keep wall and begins t climb, moving from stone to stone quickly and instinctive When Bran is about ten feet up, his wolf rises to his fee and begins to howl. Bran looks down. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 58. His wolf falls silent. There’s something eerily imploring about the way the animal looks up at him through slitted yellow eyes. He doesn’t want Bran to keep climbing. Bran starts climbing again. His wolf starts howling again Bran shouts down sternly:
29) 2) dialog: Quiet! Sit! Stay! The wolf continues to howl, until Bran is far, far above Then he drops back down onto his stomach and whines. Bran scrambles up the rough-cut stones of the ancient tow He climbs with no fear and no hesitation. When he gets hi enough he begins swinging from gargoyle to gargoyle. He k where to find every handhold and foothold. He is near the top when a woman’s voice from inside the t startles him, nearly causing him to lose his grip. WOMAN’S VOICE I don’t like it. You should be the Hand.
29) 10) dialog: Eight. Now that he’s safe, Bran trembles, realizing how close he came to dying. He releases Jaime’s arm. Jaime looks at his sister. There is loathing in his voice