14) 0) text: A thousand years of humus lie thick upon the forest floor swallowing the sound of a woman’s feet as she walks. LADY CATELYN STARK (35), Ned’s auburn-haired, blue-eyed w makes her way among the dark tree trunks, their twisted branches weaving a dense canopy over her head. In her han she holds the small parchment scroll from the above scene She reaches a small grove at the center of the wood, wher ancient weirwood tree broods over a small, black pool. Looking like no tree on Earth, the weirwood’s bark is bon white, its leaves dark red. Long, long ago, a melancholy was carved into its trunk; its deep-cut eyes are red with dried sap. They seem to follow her as she rounds the tree Seated on a moss-covered stone on the other side of the t Ned rests his sword, Ice, across his knees as he cleans i with a cloth dipped in the black waters at his feet.
14) 1) dialog: I knew I'd find you here. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 23. He lifts his head to look at her. He sees her shivering a hands her his cloak, which she wraps around herself befor sitting on the forest floor. He registers her somber face, and the scroll in her hand. stops cleaning his sword.
14) 3) dialog: Forgive me, my lord... there was a raven from King’s Landing. Jon Arryn is dead. Ned looks at the wet sword, lying flat across his lap.
14) 5) dialog: A fever took him. He was healthy at the full moon and gone by the half.
14) 7) dialog: The letter said they’re well. Ned looks more angry than grief-stricken. He dries his sw with a swatch of oiled leather.
14) 8) dialog: He loved you very much.
14) 10) dialog: You couldn't have known--
14) 13) dialog: You’11 tell them the stories.
14) 15) dialog: Eight is too young to see such things.
14) 18) dialog: Jon Snow is his half-brother. My lord. Ned notes his wife’s tone but says nothing. This isn’t a fight he needs right now. Catelyn, realizing she has broa the wrong topic at the wrong time, changes the subject.
14) 19) dialog: The raven brought more news. The king rides for Winterfell. (beat) Along with the queen and her brothers. Ned considers this prospect for a moment. Clearly Catelyn already has. They both know what it means.
14) 21) dialog: You can always say No. Ned allows a grim smile, taking his wife’s hand and helpi her to her feet.
16) 0) text: Bran climbs down the side of the tower, his hands and fee finding purchase on its jutting stones with a monkey’s unthinking agility. Climbing is as natural to him as studying is onerous. He smiles as he makes his way toward the ground in record ti very pleased with himself-- Until his mother yanks him off the stones. Catelyn lowers to the ground and sternly waits for an explanation.
16) 2) dialog: You were bored with your lesson so you decided to climb the castle walls, even though I’ve forbidden it two hundred times.
16) 5) dialog: Brandon... I want you to promise me: No more climbing. Promise. Bran looks at his feet before gazing up at her solemnly.
16) 7) dialog: You know what?
16) 9) dialog: You always look at your feet before you lie. Despite Bran’s best efforts, his mouth stretches into a smile, and a chuffing laugh escapes from behind it. Catelyn smiles, unable to help herself. She sees that his hands, clothes and bare feet are filthy from the climb do
16) 10) dialog: Go on, clean yourself up. The king will be here soon. Bran kisses his mother on the cheek and runs off.
18) 0) text: At the far end of the yard, Ned’s face betrays nothing as watches the King’s party approach with his family beside Catelyn, Robb, Jon and Bran are here, as are SANSA (13), traditionally beautiful, with high cheekbones and thick r hair; ARYA (11), a skinny tomboy; and their little brothe RICKON (3). Ser Jaime rides through the gate and into the courtyard.
21) 0) text: The feast for the king is in its fourth hour. A SINGER pl the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear him a the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cu and the din of a hundred conversations. The long wooden tables are covered with steaming platters roasted meats and baked breads. Banners hang from the stone walls: the dire wolf of Stark Baratheon’s crowned stag; the lion of Lannister. Ned and Catelyn host King Robert (already drunk), Queen Cersei, Ser Jaime and Tyrion Lannister (the queen’s broth and a few other luminaries at a table on a raised platfor The Stark and Baratheon trueborn children sit at a table directly below the guests of honor. On the main floor, the SOLDIERS, SQUIRES and other COMMON sit on backless benches. Jon Snow sits with them. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. The young men sitting around Jon are telling the usual stories about fighting and fucking. Jon seems comfortable their midst, but he’s not paying attention to them; he’s stealing a glance at his siblings, at their table of hono Jon downs his wine, and signals a serving boy for a refil and watches his father and the King and the high table. Robert and Ned toast with tankards full of ale. Ned takes healthy drink; Robert drinks the whole tankard. A few seats down, Catelyn notices Queen Cersei staring at drunk husband with plain disgust. A good hostess, Catelyn tries to distract Cersei.
21) 1) dialog: Your children are quite beautiful, my Queen. They have the gift of the Lannister eyes. Cersei, a little startled to be addressed, stares at Cate with her vaguely reptilian green eyes.
21) 3) dialog: (pleased) I heard the same rumor...
21) 6) dialog: I’m sure it seems very grim, after King’s Landing. (MORE )
21) 7) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 34. CATELYN (cont'd) I remember how scared I was when Ned brought me up here the first time.
21) 9) dialog: But harsh as it is, I’ve come to love it. The north gets in your blood. Cersei seems skeptical, looking around the rough-hewn Gre Hall, which would fit in the kitchen of her own palace.
21) 11) dialog: Mm... of course, I have two daughters. If Cersei knew this at one point, she had forgotten. She Catelyn’s distressed look and follows her gaze to the children’s table, where Sansa looks as radiant as ever, chatting with young Princess Myrcella. Arya, on the other hand, has already ruined her evening dress. She uses her spoon as a catapult to fling a wad of pigeon pie at Bran, across the table. It hits him square the forehead.
22) 24) dialog: You cannot. You must not.
22) 27) dialog: He would make our daughter Queen. Ned turns away, facing the darkness again. She softens an about to go to him when a loud knock comes at the door.
22) 38) dialog: It’s from my sister. Something's wrong. Why would she hide the letter? They said she left the capital right after he died...
22) 40) dialog: She took no chances. When we were girls, we had a private language.
22) 42) dialog: Yes... Her smile disappears as she reads. Catelyn wraps herself in one of the bed furs and pads tow the hearth. She tosses the paper in the fire and watches make sure it burns through.
22) 43) dialog: She says Jon Arryn was murdered. (beat) By the Lannisters. By the Queen. The accusation shocks Ned. He tries to rationalize it awa
22) 45) dialog: Lysa isn’t easy, but she’s never been a fool. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 45.
22) 47) dialog: You say you love Robert like a brother. Would you leave your brother surrounded by Lannisters? Ned looks to Maester Luwin, hoping for a different opinio
22) 49) dialog: You must go south with him. Become his Hand and learn the truth.