10) 0) text: JON ARRYN (60s), cold and still, lies on his deathbed. Two SILENT SISTERS, veiled adherents to the Faith of the Seven, fold his hands across his chest and close his eyel GRAND MAESTER PYCELLE (70s) stands beside them. He wears heavy chain around his neck, each link forged with a different metal. Beside him is QUEEN CERSEI (30s). Green-eyed and golden- haired, the queen’s beauty has already become legend. Bot look down at Jon Arryn. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 18.
10) 2) dialog: We are blessed to have a man of your wisdom caring for us. The old Maester is not too old to appreciate a little flattery, or the touch of a beautiful woman.
10) 3) dialog: He was peaceful, in his final hours?
10) 5) dialog: Did he? What did he say, in these moments of clarity?
10) 7) dialog: Robert will never forgive himself for not being here. These hunts of his last longer and longer.
10) 9) dialog: A shame Lord Stark is a thousand leagues away. That was all?
10) 11) dialog: The seed is strong? What does that mean? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 19.
10) 13) dialog: Where is the Hand’s wife?
10) 15) dialog: Send a raven to Casterly Rock. My father should know Jon Arryn is dead.
18) 7) dialog: We've been riding since dawn. Surely, the dead will wait. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 28. Robert gives her a hard look. Cersei stares back at him, uncowed. Finally Robert turns and walks away. After an awkward glance at the Queen, Ned leads Robert toward one Winterfell’s old towers.
21) 0) text: The feast for the king is in its fourth hour. A SINGER pl the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear him a the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cu and the din of a hundred conversations. The long wooden tables are covered with steaming platters roasted meats and baked breads. Banners hang from the stone walls: the dire wolf of Stark Baratheon’s crowned stag; the lion of Lannister. Ned and Catelyn host King Robert (already drunk), Queen Cersei, Ser Jaime and Tyrion Lannister (the queen’s broth and a few other luminaries at a table on a raised platfor The Stark and Baratheon trueborn children sit at a table directly below the guests of honor. On the main floor, the SOLDIERS, SQUIRES and other COMMON sit on backless benches. Jon Snow sits with them. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. The young men sitting around Jon are telling the usual stories about fighting and fucking. Jon seems comfortable their midst, but he’s not paying attention to them; he’s stealing a glance at his siblings, at their table of hono Jon downs his wine, and signals a serving boy for a refil and watches his father and the King and the high table. Robert and Ned toast with tankards full of ale. Ned takes healthy drink; Robert drinks the whole tankard. A few seats down, Catelyn notices Queen Cersei staring at drunk husband with plain disgust. A good hostess, Catelyn tries to distract Cersei.
21) 2) dialog: I heard a rumor we might share a grandchild someday.
21) 4) dialog: Of course, these decisions ultimately fall to our husbands. As all important decisions must. She glances past Catelyn to Robert, as he gnaws on a rib leers at the BUXOM SERVING GIRL refilling his tankard. On her eyes reveal her anger, and they only do so briefly. Jaime, sitting on the other side of Cersei, leans forward his forearms on the table, flashing his white teeth at Catelyn. Many women have waited their whole lives for tha smile, but it only serves to make her nervous.
21) 8) dialog: You were only a girl. I’m sure you were scared of many things.
21) 10) dialog: Your daughter will take to the city. Such a beauty can’t stay hidden up here forever. It’s time we introduce her to the court.
21) 31) dialog: He is a vile little beast.
29) 6) dialog: He saw us. As distraught as the queen looks, Jaime simply seems amus watching the terrified boy with a small smile. Bran’s fingers start to slip. He grabs the ledge with his other hand. Fingernails dig into unyielding stone. Jaime reaches down.
29) 8) dialog: What are you doing?