6) 0) text: DAENERYS (15) stands by the window, staring out at the ba Pentos, where shirtless FISHERMEN haul nets full of wrigg fish from their boats onto the docks. The setting sun silhouettes the brick towers of the Free City; intricate colorful geometric patterns decorate their bulbous domes. Daenerys is a beautiful girl but nobody has bothered to t her. She is awkward in her own skin, unaware of how rare violet eyes and lush silver hair really are. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 12.
6) 4) dialog: He gives us so much... we’ve been his guests for a year and he’s never asked for anything.
6) 11) dialog: No.
8) 0) text: Inside the curtained litter, Daenerys, Viserys and MAGIST ILLYRIO recline on soft pillows. Daenerys wears the lilac gown. Her makeup has been artfully applied but somehow sh looks even younger than before. She seems terribly nervou Illyrio (50) is tremendously fat, but he carries himself a certain elegance. He smiles at Daenerys, takes the girl hand and gives her a comforting squeeze.
9) 9) dialog: (her voice small and thin) I don’t want to be his queen. Please, please, I don’t want to, I want to go home. Viserys maintains a mask of politeness and keeps his voic low, but there is fury behind his eyes.
9) 12) dialog: I don’t know.
25) 15) dialog: (murmuring) She’s beautiful. Drogo steps forward, puts his hands on Dany’s waist, lift her as easily as if she were a child’s doll, and places h on the filly’s thin saddle. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 53. The Dothraki stare at their new queen.
25) 16) dialog: (to Illyrio) What should I do? Ser Jorah answers for the Magister.
25) 18) dialog: Tell Khal Drogo he has given me the wind. Illyrio translates the line. And for the first time that we've seen, Khal Drogo smiles. The bloodriders bring forth the Khal’s horse, a lean red stallion, and Drogo mounts. Viserys approaches Daenerys on her filly. He looks very pleasant as he grips his sister’s leg.
27) 2) dialog: You know the Common Tongue?
27) 5) dialog: Is that the only word you know? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 55. He doesn’t reply. His long heavy braid is coiled in the d beside him. He begins to remove the rings and bells. Afte moment, Dany leans forward to help. When they are done, Drogo nods. Dany hesitates and then understands: she begins to undo his braid. He sits silent watching her. When she is done he shakes his head and the hair spreads out behind him like a river of darkness. Now it’s his turn. Drogo undresses her, his fingers deft strangely gentle. He removes her silks one by one while D sits unmoving, staring at his dark eyes. When he bares her small breasts, she averts her eyes and covers herself with her hands.
27) 9) dialog: Yes.