12) 11) dialog: Don’t get up.
12) 14) dialog: You have much to teach me, no doubt, but in this instance perhaps you'll forgive the interruption. You told me once that you wanted to see the North. I didn’t want you to miss your chance.
12) 16) dialog: We are. The royal “we.” The King. The Queen. Me. You, if you can find your pants.
12) 18) dialog: Well, I’m used to it, but the rest of the court might be frightened by the sight of your wet little dagger.
12) 20) dialog: The King has chosen his Hand. And no one’s going to be happy about it.
18) 0) text: At the far end of the yard, Ned’s face betrays nothing as watches the King’s party approach with his family beside Catelyn, Robb, Jon and Bran are here, as are SANSA (13), traditionally beautiful, with high cheekbones and thick r hair; ARYA (11), a skinny tomboy; and their little brothe RICKON (3). Ser Jaime rides through the gate and into the courtyard.
21) 0) text: The feast for the king is in its fourth hour. A SINGER pl the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear him a the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cu and the din of a hundred conversations. The long wooden tables are covered with steaming platters roasted meats and baked breads. Banners hang from the stone walls: the dire wolf of Stark Baratheon’s crowned stag; the lion of Lannister. Ned and Catelyn host King Robert (already drunk), Queen Cersei, Ser Jaime and Tyrion Lannister (the queen’s broth and a few other luminaries at a table on a raised platfor The Stark and Baratheon trueborn children sit at a table directly below the guests of honor. On the main floor, the SOLDIERS, SQUIRES and other COMMON sit on backless benches. Jon Snow sits with them. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. The young men sitting around Jon are telling the usual stories about fighting and fucking. Jon seems comfortable their midst, but he’s not paying attention to them; he’s stealing a glance at his siblings, at their table of hono Jon downs his wine, and signals a serving boy for a refil and watches his father and the King and the high table. Robert and Ned toast with tankards full of ale. Ned takes healthy drink; Robert drinks the whole tankard. A few seats down, Catelyn notices Queen Cersei staring at drunk husband with plain disgust. A good hostess, Catelyn tries to distract Cersei.
21) 5) dialog: You'd enjoy the capital, my lady. The north must be hard for someone who wasn’t born here.
21) 12) dialog: The girl has talent. Catelyn, embarrassed, begins to stand so she can take mat in hand. But Ned, passing behind her, grips her shoulders leans down and kisses the side of her neck.
21) 14) dialog: Excuse my clumsiness. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 35. He smiles down at Ned. Jaime is taller and broader in the shoulders. They are considered two of the greatest warrio in the Seven Kingdoms, and there can be little doubt that right now each man wonders who would win a fight.
21) 16) dialog: I hear we might be neighbors soon. I hope it’s true. Ned would rather talk to any living man than this
21) 18) dialog: The King has promised a tournament to celebrate your new title... if you accept. It would be good to have you on the field. The competition has become a bit stale.
21) 20) dialog: No? Getting a little old for it? hand on one. to block aggression. Ned is tired of trying to get around Jaime. He stands ver close to the younger man and looks him dead in the eye.
21) 22) dialog: Well said, well said! I do hope you take the King’s offer. (MORE )
21) 23) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 36. JAIME (cont'd) Though of course, we all know the court hasn’t been kind to Stark men. Ned stiffens at the comment. Nobody wears swords at the banquet but his hand reflexively grips for the absent hil
21) 24) dialog: Your father and brother. Yes, I was a witness to that... tragedy.
21) 26) dialog: I suppose it’s some consolation that justice finally came to their killer. No need to thank me-- oh, I’m sorry, you never did.
21) 28) dialog: It was his kidneys I was thinking of. His liver and spleen. Was that terrible of me? After all the suffering the man caused? Ned has had enough. He pushes past Jaime. This time the Kingslayer lets him go, but not before one final remark. an instant Jaime’s air of perpetual amusement evaporates.
21) 29) dialog: The worst king in a thousand years... and people treat me like some back-alley cutthroat. But Ned is already gone, heading down the raised platform Jaime stands alone. The only one at the banquet table who overheard the Jaime/Ned conversation is Tyrion, who grins his brother and raises his tankard in toast.
21) 32) dialog: He plays the hand he was dealt. His gaze floats over Cersei’s shoulder, to Robert.
21) 33) dialog: As do we all. Tyrion lurches past Ned on the main floor, nearly bumping into him. Ned extends a hand to steady the little man but Tyrion brushes past him, not wanting any help, heading fo the exit. Ned turns; for a second, from where Jon Snow is sitting, seems Ned is staring right at him. Jon smiles at his father, eager for acknowledgement. A wi would suffice. But Ned wasn’t looking at him at all; his eyes are on the table of trueborn children that lies between Jon and Ned. heads over to break up the Arya/Bran foodfight. Slightly bitter, more than slightly drunk, Jon takes a la hunk of honeyed chicken from his trencher and chucks it u the table to his dire wolf puppy, GHOST. The way Ghost devours it in seconds is cute -- until we remember the si of his mother. One of the boys at the table is filling wine cups from a flagon. Jon nods for another cup and gulps from it while watching his pup lick the chicken bones clean.
29) 7) dialog: Take my hand. Bran seizes Jaime’s arm and holds on with all his strengt Jaime yanks him up to the ledge with no apparent effort a stands him on the window sill.
29) 9) dialog: (ignoring her) How old are you, boy?
29) 11) dialog: The things I do for love. He shoves Bran. The boy falls backward out the window, screaming, the courtyard rushing up to meet him. Somewhere in the distance, a wolf howls. Crows circle the broken tower. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca