3) 0) text: LORD EDDARD “NED” STARK (40) sits on his motionless horse his long brown hair stirring in the wind. His closely-tri beard is shot with white. He has spent half his life trai for war and the other half waging it, and his face convey both authority and a haunted sadness. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He is accompanied by a dozen members of the HOUSEHOLD GU all on horseback. Over their heads flaps the Stark banner gray direwolf racing across an ice-white field. South of the Wall the grass is still green and the sun is shining, but the air is cold enough to cloud the breath o four guardsmen as they escort Gared toward the stump of a massive oak tree. Weeks have passed since we saw the ranger but he seems to have aged years, his eyes bloodshot and weary, his face haggard, his clothes filthy and torn. Ned’s sons, JON SNOW (17), ROBB STARK (17) and BRAN STARK sit on their own horses (a small pony in Bran’s case). Jon is slender, darker than his half-brothers, his eyes b and watchful. Robb is big and broad, with fair skin and reddish-brown h Bran sits very still, watching the doomed man. He has nev seen an execution before. The prospect of it terrifies hi but he tries hard to imitate his father’s solemn expressi The Guardsmen force Gared’s head onto the stump. Ned dismounts. His ward, THEON GREYJOY (19), hands over Ned’s sword: Ice beautiful weapon, centuries old. Theon is the only man in party wearing a kraken sigil instead of a dire wolf. Ned peels off his gloves and hands them to JORY CASSEL (3 a bull-necked warrior with a heavy mustache. Ned walks to the stump. He speaks in low tones to Gared, responds. We watch this exchange from the boys’ perspecti Gared’s final words clearly trouble Ned, who studies the condemned man’s face, judging his honesty. Bran watches from afar, his head slightly cocked, trying make out what Gared is saying. There is a great weariness in Ned’s eyes as he places bot hands on the hilt of his greatsword.
4) 2) dialog: Brave? He was dead of fear. You could see it in his eyes.
4) 4) dialog: Race you to the bridge? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Jon rolls his eyes as if he’s beyond such juvenile games then, without warning, he spurs his horse and gains a goo head start. Robb curses and follows. They gallop off down trail, Robb laughing and hooting, Jon silent. Bran’s pony can’t compete in that race, so he follows slo behind, craning his neck to see if he can spot the winner
5) 0) text: Ned’s party reaches the riverbank. Jon has dismounted bes Robb, who cradles something in his arm. Bran and Ned stay back with the rest of their party as Jo and Theon approach the older boys. When he sees what lies on the ground beside Robb, Theon curses and pulls his horse away. Jory does the same and y to the boys:
5) 2) dialog: She can’t hurt you. She’s dead. Burning with curiosity, Bran spurs his pony to keep up wi Ned as they approach the others, who are all dismounting.
5) 4) dialog: A wolf. The dead wolf is impossibly huge, bigger than Bran’s pony Its blind eyes crawl with maggots.
5) 10) dialog: (to Bran) Go on. You can touch him. Bran gives the pup a quick, nervous stroke. As he turns:
5) 16) dialog: Put your sword away. We’re keeping them. Theon bristles at the command.
5) 27) dialog: They won’t. We won’t let them. The decision made, people start to remount their horses. Bran tugs gratefully on Jon’s sleeve. Jon smiles at him, beneath his smile there is a trace of sadness. Jon is about to climb onto his horse when he hears a dist whimpering. Leaving the horse behind, he ranges into a sn drift, and scans the ground until he finds the source: A sixth wolf pup, with white fur. Unlike the others, its are blood-red and open, and it is completely silent. Jon picks it up. Theon scoffs.
18) 0) text: At the far end of the yard, Ned’s face betrays nothing as watches the King’s party approach with his family beside Catelyn, Robb, Jon and Bran are here, as are SANSA (13), traditionally beautiful, with high cheekbones and thick r hair; ARYA (11), a skinny tomboy; and their little brothe RICKON (3). Ser Jaime rides through the gate and into the courtyard.
24) 0) text: Bran and Prince Tommen drill in the yard with padded wood swords. The children are so heavily padded themselves tha they look like they’ve been wrapped in featherbeds. Huffing and puffing, they thump each other under the watc eye of SER RODRIK CASSEL (60), the master-at-arms, a stou keg of a man with thick white sideburns. A dozen (male) spectators call out encouragements, Robb t loudest among them. Theon Greyjoy watches with his characteristic wry contempt. Twenty yards from the others, Jon Snow watches as well, seated alone on a rough wooden bench. Absorbed in the act he is unaware of Arya’s approach until she jumps on his b
24) 7) dialog: Gladly. Joffrey, however, looks bored; he remains among his men.
24) 11) dialog: You got more swats than you gave. Afraid?
24) 16) dialog: Done. Ser Rodrik puts a hand on Robb’s shoulder. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48.
24) 19) dialog: Sixteen.
24) 21) dialog: (to Ser Rodrik) Let me do it. I can beat him.
24) 24) dialog: I‘1l cut yours off, you little piss-— haired- Arya’s and Jon’s eyes widen in surprise. But Theon seizes Robb’s arm to keep him away from the pri Joffrey feigns a yawn and turns to his younger brother.