3) 0) text: LORD EDDARD “NED” STARK (40) sits on his motionless horse his long brown hair stirring in the wind. His closely-tri beard is shot with white. He has spent half his life trai for war and the other half waging it, and his face convey both authority and a haunted sadness. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He is accompanied by a dozen members of the HOUSEHOLD GU all on horseback. Over their heads flaps the Stark banner gray direwolf racing across an ice-white field. South of the Wall the grass is still green and the sun is shining, but the air is cold enough to cloud the breath o four guardsmen as they escort Gared toward the stump of a massive oak tree. Weeks have passed since we saw the ranger but he seems to have aged years, his eyes bloodshot and weary, his face haggard, his clothes filthy and torn. Ned’s sons, JON SNOW (17), ROBB STARK (17) and BRAN STARK sit on their own horses (a small pony in Bran’s case). Jon is slender, darker than his half-brothers, his eyes b and watchful. Robb is big and broad, with fair skin and reddish-brown h Bran sits very still, watching the doomed man. He has nev seen an execution before. The prospect of it terrifies hi but he tries hard to imitate his father’s solemn expressi The Guardsmen force Gared’s head onto the stump. Ned dismounts. His ward, THEON GREYJOY (19), hands over Ned’s sword: Ice beautiful weapon, centuries old. Theon is the only man in party wearing a kraken sigil instead of a dire wolf. Ned peels off his gloves and hands them to JORY CASSEL (3 a bull-necked warrior with a heavy mustache. Ned walks to the stump. He speaks in low tones to Gared, responds. We watch this exchange from the boys’ perspecti Gared’s final words clearly trouble Ned, who studies the condemned man’s face, judging his honesty. Bran watches from afar, his head slightly cocked, trying make out what Gared is saying. There is a great weariness in Ned’s eyes as he places bot hands on the hilt of his greatsword.
5) 0) text: Ned’s party reaches the riverbank. Jon has dismounted bes Robb, who cradles something in his arm. Bran and Ned stay back with the rest of their party as Jo and Theon approach the older boys. When he sees what lies on the ground beside Robb, Theon curses and pulls his horse away. Jory does the same and y to the boys:
5) 3) dialog: What in hell is it? Bran finally gets close enough to see.
5) 5) dialog: It’s a freak. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
5) 7) dialog: There hasn't been a direwolf south of the Wall for two hundred years. Jon looks at the bundle beneath Robb’s arm and grins:
5) 13) dialog: Not for long. Theon draws his sword and reaches for Bran’s pup. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 10.
5) 14) dialog: Give it here.
5) 17) dialog: I take orders from your father, not you.
5) 28) dialog: An albino. It’1l die even faster than the others. Jon ignores Theon. He stares into the pup’s eyes and the stares back.
17) 0) text: The king’s party pours through the gates of Winterfell in river of gold, silver and steel, one hundred strong. Over their heads, a dozen golden banners whip in the wind emblazoned with the crowned stag of the House Baratheon.
21) 0) text: The feast for the king is in its fourth hour. A SINGER pl the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear him a the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cu and the din of a hundred conversations. The long wooden tables are covered with steaming platters roasted meats and baked breads. Banners hang from the stone walls: the dire wolf of Stark Baratheon’s crowned stag; the lion of Lannister. Ned and Catelyn host King Robert (already drunk), Queen Cersei, Ser Jaime and Tyrion Lannister (the queen’s broth and a few other luminaries at a table on a raised platfor The Stark and Baratheon trueborn children sit at a table directly below the guests of honor. On the main floor, the SOLDIERS, SQUIRES and other COMMON sit on backless benches. Jon Snow sits with them. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. The young men sitting around Jon are telling the usual stories about fighting and fucking. Jon seems comfortable their midst, but he’s not paying attention to them; he’s stealing a glance at his siblings, at their table of hono Jon downs his wine, and signals a serving boy for a refil and watches his father and the King and the high table. Robert and Ned toast with tankards full of ale. Ned takes healthy drink; Robert drinks the whole tankard. A few seats down, Catelyn notices Queen Cersei staring at drunk husband with plain disgust. A good hostess, Catelyn tries to distract Cersei.
24) 0) text: Bran and Prince Tommen drill in the yard with padded wood swords. The children are so heavily padded themselves tha they look like they’ve been wrapped in featherbeds. Huffing and puffing, they thump each other under the watc eye of SER RODRIK CASSEL (60), the master-at-arms, a stou keg of a man with thick white sideburns. A dozen (male) spectators call out encouragements, Robb t loudest among them. Theon Greyjoy watches with his characteristic wry contempt. Twenty yards from the others, Jon Snow watches as well, seated alone on a rough wooden bench. Absorbed in the act he is unaware of Arya’s approach until she jumps on his b
24) 9) dialog: That’s because you’re children.
28) 0) text: Near the main gate, the King’s hunting party is almost re to leave. Hullen the horse master checks the saddles; oth retainers sharpen spears and ready the hounds. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56. Jory, Theon, Ser Rodrik, Benjen and Tyrion outfit themsel Tyrion does so very, very slowly; badly hung-over, he loo like day-old death as he turns to Benjen: