12) 0) text: Outside we hear the sounds of rough laughter and singing. room is expensively appointed in silks, damasks and gilde ornaments, but its garishness betrays its true nature. That, and the naked REDHEADED WHORE on her knees beside t bed. She bestows oral favors upon TYRION LANNISTER, a dwa with mismatched eyes: one green, one black. Tyrion’s hands grip her hair as he shudders. Bells begin ring outside, thousands of them, great pealing bells from across the city. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20. The Redhead, finished with her work, wipes her mouth with back of her hand.
12) 2) dialog: The King’s Hand died this morning. Tyrion grabs a goblet of wine from the bedside table. He swigs and passes it to the whore. She raises it in toast.
12) 4) dialog: I care about the smallfolk.
12) 6) dialog: If he’s smart, my father.
12) 8) dialog: If the King is not smart? Milady, these are treasonous words... He clamps his palms on the back of her head and guides he back toward his crotch. The Redhead laughs, disbelieving.
12) 10) dialog: The gods gave me one blessing. The Redhead grins and pushes her hair away from her face she dips down for further service. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 21. Just as Tyrion closes his eyes the door swings open. SER JAIME LANNISTER (30s), the Queen’s twin brother, stands i the doorway. Considered by many the best-looking man in the Seven Kingdoms, there is a hint of savagery behind his green ey He smiles as the Redhead, flustered, covers her breasts.
12) 13) dialog: Should I explain to you, dear brother, the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse? Jaime continues to favor the redhead with his lazy grin, fucking her with his eyes as he speaks with his brother.
12) 15) dialog: Who’s going North?
12) 17) dialog: Why?
12) 19) dialog: (annoyed) Why are we going north? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 22.
21) 0) text: The feast for the king is in its fourth hour. A SINGER pl the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear him a the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cu and the din of a hundred conversations. The long wooden tables are covered with steaming platters roasted meats and baked breads. Banners hang from the stone walls: the dire wolf of Stark Baratheon’s crowned stag; the lion of Lannister. Ned and Catelyn host King Robert (already drunk), Queen Cersei, Ser Jaime and Tyrion Lannister (the queen’s broth and a few other luminaries at a table on a raised platfor The Stark and Baratheon trueborn children sit at a table directly below the guests of honor. On the main floor, the SOLDIERS, SQUIRES and other COMMON sit on backless benches. Jon Snow sits with them. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. The young men sitting around Jon are telling the usual stories about fighting and fucking. Jon seems comfortable their midst, but he’s not paying attention to them; he’s stealing a glance at his siblings, at their table of hono Jon downs his wine, and signals a serving boy for a refil and watches his father and the King and the high table. Robert and Ned toast with tankards full of ale. Ned takes healthy drink; Robert drinks the whole tankard. A few seats down, Catelyn notices Queen Cersei staring at drunk husband with plain disgust. A good hostess, Catelyn tries to distract Cersei.
21) 30) dialog: If it came down to it, big brother, I’d bet on you-- but I wouldn’t bet much. He downs his tankard of ale with a single, heroic gulp an wipes the foam from his mouth, pleased with himself. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 37. A second later it hits him: he’s one tankard over the lin Tyrion stands and staggers away from the royal table with a goodbye. Jaime retakes his seat beside his sister, who watches Tyr stumble down the steps to the main floor.
22) 1) dialog: Boy. Jon turns to see Tyrion Lannister sitting like a gargoyle the ledge above the door to the great hall. Tyrion is dru like Jon, only more so.
22) 2) dialog: Is that animal a wolf?
22) 4) dialog: I learned long ago that it’s considered rude to vomit on one’s brother. Might I have a closer look at your wolf? Jon hesitates, nods-- and gasps as Tyrion pushes himself the ledge, falls twelve feet to the ground and lands roug Ghost flinches and backs away behind Jon's legs. Tyrion stands and dusts himself off.
22) 5) dialog: I’ve frightened the beast. My apologies.
22) 7) dialog: He is! I am terrifying! He is not. Jon commands his wolf:
22) 10) dialog: Nice wolf. Niiiiice wolf.
22) 12) dialog: In that case, you'd best stay close. He stands and looks up at Jon.
22) 13) dialog: I am Tyrion Lannister.
22) 15) dialog: You’re Ned Stark’s bastard, aren’t you? Jon presses his lips together and says nothing.
22) 16) dialog: Did I offend you? Sorry. (beat) You are the bastard, though.
22) 18) dialog: Yes... you have more of the north in you than your brothers. Jon tries to hide his pleasure at this observation.
22) 20) dialog: Let me give you some advice, bastard. Never forget what you are-- the rest of the world will not. Make it your strength, and it can never be your weakness. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you. Jon is in no mood for anyone’s advice.
22) 22) dialog: All dwarfs are bastards in their father’s eyes. Tyrion saunters back into the feast, whistling to himself When he opens the door, the light from the hall throws Tyrion’s shadow clear across the yard. INT. CATELYN’S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT Ned opens the room’s high narrow windows. A blast of cold night air blows into the chamber. On the Catelyn pulls the furs up to her chin. Ned breathes deepl taking the cold into his lungs, staring out into the dark Then he turns back to face her.
28) 0) text: Near the main gate, the King’s hunting party is almost re to leave. Hullen the horse master checks the saddles; oth retainers sharpen spears and ready the hounds. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56. Jory, Theon, Ser Rodrik, Benjen and Tyrion outfit themsel Tyrion does so very, very slowly; badly hung-over, he loo like day-old death as he turns to Benjen:
28) 1) dialog: If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it’ll be a miracle. A few yards deeper into the courtyard, Ned sits on a benc strapping a leather-and-steel vambrace to his forearm. He seems preoccupied and careworn as King Robert steps up be him and gives him a friendly shake of the shoulders.