31) 0) text: The boy pulls his hand from under the girl's shirt and un She pushes his hand away but he puts it right back, wrigg down into her pants. JODY MARKEN, a pretty all-American sixteen year old girl, but still innocent, stops kissing her boyfriend KENNY, tr off. Kenny is also sixteen. He's thin and a bit shaggy, b nonetheless. His hair is shoulder length, his stare inten himself seriously, all rebel. JODY
31) 2) text: Why? JODY
31) 4) text: So? You're already late. A few more minutes won't matter. He slides a second finger into her pants. She closes her probing much more difficult. JODY
31) 6) text: Fuck your curfew. Most sixth graders can stay out later than you. He starts kissing her again. JODY
33) 0) text: Jody and Kenny drive home, not talking. He pulls up in front of her house. KENNY          
33) 1) text: You know, maybe we ought to start seeing other people. JODY
33) 3) text: Jody, we've been going out for over a year. I love you but I'm all out of patience. Jody doesn't know what to say. She didn't expect this.
34) 0) text: Jody gets out of the car, very upset. Kenny takes off, no see if she gets inside safely, leaving her all alone on t car backfires in the distance. A nearby noise  startles h behind the garbage cans. She heads quickly up the drivewa behind the house.
35) 0) text: All is quiet in the house. The back door opens. Jody tipt staircase.
36) 0) text: Jody appears on the second floor. It's a family house, po and immaculately clean. She quietly creeps down the hallw room. As she passes her parents' room, she looks down. Sh no light is coming from under their door.
37) 0) text: Jody creeps into her bedroom and quietly shuts the door. She sits on the bed to catch her breath. Something moves in the corner of her room. Jody jumps, sc Someone is sitting in her rocking chair.
37) 2) dialog: Daddy you scared me!
37) 4) dialog: What? I WAS AT SANDY'S I JUST LOST TRACK OF TIME. BRENT MARKEN gets up and heads to the door. He's a big ma well built. He's dressed in a  tree-shirt and jeans.
37) 6) dialog: It won't happen again.
37) 8) dialog: Dad ! Most of my friends can stay out until 11 on school nights and 1 on weekends!
38) 0) text: Jody runs up to the phone but waits for it to ring a seco picking it up. She crosses her fingers, praying it's Kenn
38) 1) dialog: Hello. (beat) One second. (to her dad) Hey Adolph, it's the station! Brent comes out and picks up the phone as Jody heads back disappointed.
39) 0) text: Jody flops on the bed.
41) 0) text: Jody sits up on her bed, also sensing something big has h
42) 2) text: Two kids were found mutilated in the woods. Lock the door after me. Brent grabs his gun belt and heads down the stairs. Jody appears. She and her mom share a concerned glance.
46) 0) text: Jody rides up on her bike and glances across the schoolya it in the bike rack. Jody's POV - Kenny is leaning against a tree, talking wit SHARON. Jody is upset to see Kenny flirting with someone else. As toward the front door of the school, a few other CLASSMAT She keeps glancing over at Kenny but he doesn't notice he CLASSMATE 1
46) 1) text: Jody! JODY
46) 3) text: Was Stacy raped? JODY
46) 4) text: I dunno. My dad never came home last night. Jody's POV - Kenny takes Sharon's hand for a second. CLASSMATE 1(O.C.)
46) 7) text: Ha-ha. So funny. Sickfuck. Jody doesn't respond. She stares at Kenny. Jody's POV - Kenny walks into school with Sharon.
47) 0) text: Jody enters her homeroom, still upset. Her teacher LEONARD MARLISTON is lecturing the class. Leo five and quite hip looking for a teacher. He has long som brown hair. He is a bit thin and is dressed casually, alm attire. He wears wire-rim glasses and lace-up boots. MR. MARLISTON
47) 1) text: No one understands what leads people to do irrational things. We only know that unpunished violence festers, then explodes. Jody sits down in the back. MARLISTON(CONT'D)
47) 2) text: Witness the L.A. Riots. Years of police brutality in forty-eight hours. Jody? JODY
48) 5) text: Fine, just don't mention the carving This is going to be a tough enough day as it is. There's a knock at the door. Jody enters. BRENT
48) 6) text: Hi honey. JODY
48) 8) text: Hi Jody. BRENT
48) 9) text: I just wanted to check that you were okay? JODY
48) 11) text: How well did you know Stacy and Rod? JODY
48) 13) text: Had either of them broken up with someone recently? Hurt someone? JODY
48) 15) text: I want you to head right home after school. JODY
48) 17) text: Could you tell Mr. Marliston we'd like to see him. JODY
48) 20) text: The kids adore him. They confide in him. His patchouli reeking rear might know if Stacy and Rod were really virgins. Why didn't you ask Jody that? BRENT
49) 0) text: MARK SHALE, a seventeen year old, rail thin pothead is si in the crowded cafeteria eating lunch. The place is a zoo mini-skirted brunette, and BEN,  a frizzy-haired, tattooe rocker, are sitting with him. Jody is standing at the door with her best friend SANDY, place to sit. Sandy is thin and a little underdeveloped f is wearing very little make-up, a baggy shirt and baggy j she looks much more tomboyish than Jody and a year or two still quite cute and curvy, just lacking a  bit in self-c comes to boys. Sandy is staring at Mark. JODY
49) 2) text: Who? JODY
49) 4) text: Why? JODY
49) 6) text: I don't watch him eat everyday. JODY
49) 7) text: You stare at him non-stop, like every lunch. Like this. Like most people stare at car accidents. Jody imitates Sandy. SANDY
49) 8) text: The seat behind him is open. Come on, I can eavesdrop too. JODY
49) 10) text: Why? All my mom and dad ever do is watch each other eat and they've been married for twenty years. Cindy sees Jody approaching and motions her over. CINDY
49) 11) text: Jody! Jody starts toward her table. SANDY
49) 12) text: No! That's his table. JODY
49) 13) text: You're going to look really amoebic splitting off from me now. The other three kids look up as Jody sits don. Sandy has no choice but to sit down next to Mark. She imm up. CINDY
49) 14) text: Did your dad question you this morning? JODY
49) 16) text: Did he ask you if Stacy and Rod has ever exchanged bodily fluids? JODY
49) 18) text: He asked Marliston. JODY
49) 21) text: I wonder why it's so important to know if they fucked? Sandy is completely frozen. Jody realizes it. Mark is pay to her. BEN
49) 24) text: Exactly. Then he must be a virgin. Jody nudges Sandy under the table, trying to prompt her t Sandy can only stare at Mark as he eats. CINDY(O.C.)
49) 38) text: Me too. I'm going to start telling people that I saw her drop to her knees and latch on to his unit vector. Cindy laughs. The first meeting hasn't gone well for Sand her and jumps to her rescue. JODY
51) 0) text: All the kids charge out. Jody walks out with Sandy. SANDY
51) 1) text: (flustered) What am I supposed to say? 'Nice sweater Mark'? 'Did you buy it at Eddie Bauer's?' JODY
51) 4) dialog: You are 'sp fucking' wrong.
51) 6) dialog: But you can't do any of it. So it sucks. I always have to 'set an example'. Jody stops, noticing something.
52) 0) text: Jody's POV - Kenny is walking to his car with Sharon. Sandy sees how upset Jody is. SANDY
52) 1) text: He's just trying to mess with your head. Ignore him. JODY
53) 0) text: Jody is slowly pedaling her bicycle next to Sandy. JODY
53) 2) text: What did you say? JODY
53) 4) text: Oh nice save. JODY
53) 6) text: Kenny'll come running back. This is just his way of pressuring you. JODY
53) 8) text: Personally I think he has a deep, almost pathological desire to corrupt you. But I suppose that's a type of love. I certainly wish someone wanted to corrupt me. JODY
53) 10) text: No! JODY
53) 12) text: That was before he pulled this 'Dick me or I dump you' shit. I say fuck his best friend. Jody laughs. JODY
53) 14) text: Want to come in for awhile? Log onto AOL, flirt with some married men, head into a private S&amp;M chat room . . . JODY
53) 16) text: I keep a couple of my dad's porno books hidden in my desk for emergency reference. Jody laughs. JODY
53) 18) text: OK. increase the peace. Sandy hip-hops up her driveway and into her house. Jody j and pedals off down the street. Dissolve to:
82) 1) text: Is Jody still awake? MARGE
83) 0) text: Jody is in bed. There's a soft knock on the door. She rol JODY
83) 3) dialog: What's wrong? BRENT
83) 4) text: I have a question to ask you. A personal question. Jody sits up, pulling the covers up over her breasts.
83) 5) dialog: (uncomfortable) How personal? Brent takes a deep breath. He's really uncomfortable. BRENT
83) 6) text: I need to know how far you and Kenny went? Jody is really uncomfortable with this question.
83) 7) dialog: What do you mean?
83) 9) dialog: Well yeah. Of course. Everyone kisses.
83) 14) dialog: Daddy! I DON'T THINK THIS IS
83) 17) dialog: Not much further. BRENT
83) 21) dialog: (confused) Daddy, are you upset that I'm still a virgin?!
83) 23) dialog: You are upset. BRENT
83) 25) dialog: (upset) I thought you'd be pleased.
92) 0) text: Jody is talking on the phone to Sandy. Sandy's room is ty room, identical in feel to Jody's. SANDY
93) 0) text: Jody is lying on her bed. JODY
95) 0) text: JODY
95) 2) text: You watch. There's going to be a hymen holocaust tomorrow. Maybe I'll finally talk to Mark Shale. JODY
96) 1) text: I just wanted to offer my services to Jody. SANDY
96) 3) text: I'm willing to help save her life. Jody, if you want to come over right now. We could slip up into the attic for a few minutes. There's an old mattress up there... SANDY
97) 0) text: Jody chuckles but all of a sudden the line goes dead. JODY
97) 1) text: Hello? Jody tries to call back but the phone isn't working. This doorbell rings downstairs. Now Jody is more than spooked. She goes to the window to see who it is.
98) 0) text: Someone is standing in the shadows below. All Jody can ma it's a woman.
99) 0) text: Jody, dressed only in her nightshirt, cautiously heads do back door.
100) 0) text: JODY looks through the back door window.
101) 0) text: There's someone in the shadows. Jody opens the door a crack. JODY
101) 2) text: Are you Jody? Once again, a woman's voice. JODY
101) 4) text: I'm Kenny's Aunt Lisa. JODY
101) 6) text: Yes. He asked me to come over and talk to you. Jody senses something is off. JODY
101) 8) text: His mother's side. JODY
101) 9) text: His mother's an only child. Jody suddenly gets it and tries to slam the door closed b too fast, sliding a hand and foot in, pushing her way int Jody fights to push the door shut but she can't. The kill The killer's hand gropes for the lock latch. Jody frantically looks around for a weapon and spots an e screwdriver sitting in the back pantry. She grabs for the one hand as the killer pushes harder. Jody drills the killer's elbow. The killer screams and lets go. Jody slams the door shut, it.
102) 0) text: Jody runs to the front hall and double locks the front do
103) 0) text: Jody picks up a phone but it's dead downstairs too. She l
104) 1) text: Jody grabs a baseball bat from the front hall closet. The appears outside.
105) 0) text: Jody runs into the kitchen, grabs a knife. The window abo The killer is right outside.
106) 0) text: Jody runs into the dining room, not sure where to go. Sud breaks there. The killer is stalking her from the outside
107) 0) text: THE HOUSE is under siege and Jody is trapped in it. She r room, turning the lights out but windows break wherever s terrifying.
108) 0) text: Suddenly there is a silence. Jody stops running. She real killer must be climbing in somewhere. Jody isn't sure wha She hears something in the family room.
109) 0) text: Jody enters. She sees the killer's shadow cross the windo
110) 0) text: Jody creeps through the dark house, unsure where to go.
111) 0) text: Jody creeps back into the den. The killer doesn't seem to The window is broken. The curtains flap in the breeze. Sh it, wondering whether it's safe to climb out. She looks i In the mirror, Jody can see the killer's shoes peeking ou drapes. The killer's in the room. The drapes start to mov Jody turns around and swings the bat, hitting the killer head, sending her to the ground, pulling the drapes down.
112) 0) text: Jody tears for the front door.
113) 0) text: Jody's too nervous to unlock the front door. She hears the killer coming so she tears up the stairs.
114) 0) text: Jody scampers up the staircase but she's not fast enough. her leg through the wooden slatted banister starts pullin staircase, breaking the wooden slats. Jody grabs one of the jagged slats and rams the sharp end killer's hand, freeing herself.
115) 0) text: Jody charges up the stairs and into the bathroom.
116) 0) text: Jody closes the bathroom door and locks it. The killer starts kicking it in.
117) 0) text: Jody opens the small bathroom window to climb out on the The door starts to splinter. Jody tries to wriggle her way out but it's tight. Behind her she hears the door splintering open.
118) 0) text: Jody squeezes through and grabs hold of the chimney, usin herself out.
119) 0) text: The killer's hand grabs Jody's leg just as Jody's pulling The killer closes the window on Jody's leg, trapping it i the razor.
120) 0) text: Jody fights for her freedom, tugging at the chimney, kick screaming: All of a sudden she feels a surge of pain. She kicks with all her might, freeing herself, her momentum s rolling down the roof. She rolls off the roof, barely gra gutter, hanging from it. The gutter starts to break. Above her she can hear the killer coming out onto the roo The killer's silhouette hovers above, ready to grab her. Jody knows she has no choice. Jody lets go of the gutter.
121) 0) text: Jody falls twenty feet to the ground below. JODY
121) 1) text: Help! Jody smashes to the ground.
123) 0) text: Jody lies still on the ground.
125) 0) text: Jody's neighbor runs over to help her. Jody rolls over, still groggy. Jody looks up to the roof.
127) 0) text: Jody looks back down at her bloody leg. There is a 'V' ca
129) 0) text: Police are scouring the house. Jody is trying to sup some but her hands are still shaking.
129) 1) dialog: It was a she.
129) 3) dialog: She said she was Kenny's aunt Lisa. Her mom comes in with a bottle of cognac, ready to pour a Jody's cup.
129) 8) dialog: Someone tried to kill me.
137) 0) text: The kids arrive at School. Everyone is freaked. The word about Jody's attack. Many of the kids, like Sandy, have w extra make-up or a little tighter jeans. There's a sexual everywhere mixed in with a lot of fear. The normal tribes are disbanding. What are forming in the sexual tribes. Today, at the high school, sexual history together. Not aesthetics, popularity, or wealth. Punkers cheerleaders with potheads. In the parking lot, we see that Aunt Lisa's IMPERIAL is p is close by.
139) 0) text: Jody is sitting in the police station working with a SKET JODY
139) 4) text: Brent, we got a sketch. Brent comes into the room and picks up the sketch,  FOR THE FIRST TIME we see a picture of the killer. She lo eighteen years old and has her hair done in an old fashio looks like your average small town girl from the late six Brent's face goes white when he sees who it is. Jody notices this.
139) 5) text: JODY
139) 7) text: It can't be. JODY
141) 0) text: Jody has never seen her dad like this. She quietly picks listens in. Her dad is talking to the principal, Tom Sisler.
141) 3) text: (growing frantic) I swear to God. It's her. She told Jody she was Kenny's 'AUNT LISA'. I'm getting this sickly feeling... TOM
142) 0) text: Brent looks out and sees that JODY is on the phone, eaves BRENT
143) 0) text: Jody, busted, hangs up. Brent comes storming out. HER FATHER is livid. SHE'S NEVE ANGRY AND UPTIGHT.
143) 3) text: What did you hear? JODY
144) 0) text: As Jody approaches the high school, she's still on the ed attack of the night before as well as he dad's reaction t She hears a moan coming from behind some bushes. She stop Girl's shoe sticking out from under the bush. Worried it badly hurt, she cautiously starts toward it. Suddenly a c feet pop out. Jody jumps back, frightened, but then reali just a  couple of her classmates having sex in the bushes Jody heads toward the main school entrance. She starts no kids are outside, a few more hidden from sight, having se up. 
145) 0) text: Jody opens her locker. Sandy comes running up to her, ver
145) 2) dialog: (noticing Sandy's attire) FINE. Are you? SANDY
145) 3) text: Hurricane Hormone. it's flattened the whole school. Guess what? JODY
145) 5) text: (whispering) Mark invited me to the party. JODY     
145) 8) dialog: No. Sandy notices that a teacher is nearby. Sandy pulls Jody
146) 0) text: Jody is now really intrigued. SANDY
146) 1) text: (whispering) You can't tell your parents. JODY
146) 3) text: Especially not your dad. JODY
146) 6) dialog: You're thinking of sleeping with Mark tonight? SANDY
146) 7) text: Unless he makes a move during seventh period. JODY
146) 10) dialog: Stag?
146) 12) dialog: I can't right now.
150) 0) text: Chaos has taken over the school. Hardly anyone is still g Kenny is standing in the hallway, looking for Jody. He kn schedule and that she'll be passing by. Jody appears from her classroom. She starts toward Kenny, noticing him. Jody looks up and she sees him. She stops. She knows what talk to her about. He runs over to her. KENNY
150) 1) text: (very concerned) Are you O.K.? JODY
150) 3) text: I heard you got attacked. JODY
150) 5) text: I was worried about you. Did you hear about the bash? JODY
150) 7) text: Why? JODY
150) 9) text: Nobody wants to be the fourth. Please go with me. JODY
150) 11) text: You know I want to go with you. JODY
150) 13) text: Everyone's grounded. There's a killer on the loose. JODY
150) 15) text: If you don't want to go with me just say so. Say 'Kenny, I DON'T WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU' but don't use your dad as an excuse. I'm so sick of it. JODY
150) 18) text: JODY
150) 20) text: I feel like I NEED YOU DAD'S permission just to kiss you. Jody, it's time to assert yourself To be a big girl. An individual. I'm going to this party tonight. Jimmy's my ride. Come over to my house after school. We'll go together. JODY
150) 23) dialog: I'll think about it. KENNY
153) 0) text: Jody's mother is in the kitchen, preparing dinner, watchi
155) 0) text: Jody's mom can't believe what she's seeing on the news.
156) 0) text: Jody walks in the back door.
157) 0) text: Her mom flips off the TV AS Jody enters the kitchen. JODY
157) 2) text: Hi princess. JODY
157) 4) text: Yes? JODY
157) 6) text: You can ask me anything. JODY
157) 8) text: Lisa Sherman? JODY
157) 10) text: I don't know. Where did you hear that name. JODY
157) 13) text: JODY
157) 15) text: Did he say anything else about her? JODY
157) 17) text: (lying) I've never heard of her. Maybe something else was on his mind. JODY
157) 19) text: Not that I know of. Jody is suspicious. Jody thinks for a moment, then picks MARGE
157) 20) text: Where are you going? JODY
157) 21) text: The library. I'll be fine. Jody heads out the door. Her mother goes to the window, v watches her ride away. She picks up the phone.
159) 5) text: There's a problem with Jody.
161) 0) text: The gray old ivy-covered town library. Jody rides up and
162) 0) text: Jody enters the vast library. It's empty. Almost spooky. old lady, MISS DUNLOP is behind the desk, robotically sta flaps of books.
162) 4) dialog: Twenty eight years ago.
163) 1) dialog: This place is empty.
163) 3) dialog: You heard about that?
163) 5) dialog: Don't you think it's sick?
163) 7) dialog: You Miss Dunlop? She hands Jody the microfiche.
163) 10) dialog: (lying) No.
164) 0) text: The newspaper headlines from 1970 pass by. Jody is watching them flash by. She slows down, then goes back. She's found what she's lo A picture of LISA SHERMAN. It's her yearbook picture. She identical to the picture that Jody drew. The headline rea Senior Attacked In park'. Jody hears footsteps coming up the stairs. She looks up. stop. The old library is still. She senses that someone is watc JODY
164) 1) text: (a little scared) Is that you Miss Dunlop? No answer. She hears a bit of rustling from behind one of books directly behind her. A book accidentally drops to the ground. She realizes that someone is right there, watching her. JODY
164) 2) text: Who's there? She sees a pair of shoes behind the book shelf but she ca The shoes start around the book shelf, toward her. Jody leaps to her feet, ready to run. Her mom appears. JODY
164) 4) text: I want you to come home with me right now, Jody. JODY
164) 9) dialog: You going to drag me out and me in my room until I go to college? Marge sits down next to Jody and takes her hand.
165) 0) text: Jody's mom leads her across the vast hallway. They come t leading out of the library. Jody stops and looks back. Sh spinster Miss Dunlop, stacking the books. JODY
165) 3) text: What? JODY
166) 0) text: A beautiful garden on the edge of the library. The autumn The leaves are at the height of foliage. Jody and her mom carved stone bench. MARGE
166) 1) text: Years ago, something horrible happened in this town. When I was still in high school. A girl named Elizabeth Sherman was attacked by four drunken seniors. JODY
166) 3) text: She was raped. At least that's what she claimed. JODY
166) 5) text: (confessing) No, I believed her. She was in pretty bad shape. Inside and out. But the boys were never formally charged. JODY
166) 7) text: They were children of our leading citizens, stars of the football team. And she was  a loner. An angry girl that no one really liked. She'd called them 'queers'. JODY
166) 9) text: They were proving to her they weren't. They were very drunk. Things were different back then. You think kids are sexually bottled up today.... JODY
166) 13) text: I don't know. We just did. I guess I was kind of scared going against the gain. Against the whole town. JODY
166) 15) text: I've regretted it ever since. Never run with the herd just because they're the herd. JODY
166) 17) text: Who? JODY
166) 19) text: Two men left town right after it happened. JODY
166) 21) text: Mr. Sisler was one of them. JODY
166) 23) text: Yes. JODY
166) 25) text: God. It's like everything that was ever repressed in this town is suddenly bubbling up through the ground. Jody gets it. JODY
166) 26) text: Dad? Her mother can't deny it any longer. JODY(CONT'D)
166) 28) text: Not a day has gone by where your      father has not torn himself to shreds for what happened. We both have... JODY
166) 30) text: He dedicated his life to law enforcement after... Jody runs off, very upset.
167) 0) text: Jody jumps on her bicycle and speeds off.
173) 0) text: Jody rides up to Kenny's house.
176) 1) text: Jody! (he kisses her) Yes! You're here. Jody wipes a tear from her eye. Kenny notices how upset s KENNT(CONT'D)
176) 2) text: What's the matter? Jody bursts into tears. She hugs him. He hugs her back an inside.
179) 0) text: Jody and Kenny are in Kenny's bedroom, sitting on his bed KENNY
179) 1) text: All our parents are weirdoes. I think my dad is into hookers. I know he lit cats on fire when he was a kid. JODY
179) 3) text: (compassionately) I think this is a big part of growing up. It's losing your spiritual virginity. It's when you finally discover that your parents aren't anything they told you they were. They're even bigger hypocrites than      your friends. JODY
179) 5) text: But if he'd been sent to jail, there would be no Jody. JODY
179) 7) text: I don't know. I kind of am. Jody, still crying, stares at Kenny for a second then lea him with everything she's got, Ready for action. KENNY
179) 8) text: Are you coming to the party? JODY
179) 9) text: Let's just start a party right here, right fucking now. Jody quickly takes her own shirt off, rips off his, and p He's taken aback by her sudden aggressiveness. He has no respond to it.
183) 0) text: Jody is all over Kenny. He's really weirded out by her ag She reaches for his crotch and finds that he's soft. She embarrassed. JODY
183) 2) text: Just making me feel like a piece of meat. JODY
183) 4) text: Yeah. Jody rolls over, a bit pissed off and very confused. JODY
183) 6) text: That's not why we broke up. JODY
183) 8) text: Sharon's far from a slut. JODY
183) 10) text: Jody, you're only doing this to get back at your dad. It doesn't have that much to do with me. She gets up angry, and starts putting her clothes back on wrong note to play. The truth hurts. KENNY
183) 11) text: Please don't go. Please. Stay, We'll just talk. Then go to the party. JODY
183) 13) text: Jody. Wait. JODY
183) 15) text: I'm scared. Three kids are dead. I want to go to this party. JODY
194) 0) text: Jody pedals quickly down the street. She's going nowhere. cry.
201) 0) text: Jody rides down the street, just pedaling fast, as fast a She's in her own world, very upset. A car comes toward the intersection on the other street b down, knowing the light is about to change. A boy in a passing car whistles at Jody, waking her out o Jody looks up just as the light turns red. She hits her b into the tail of the oncoming car. She glances off it and the road, into a few garbage cans. The car nicks another car and pulls over. Across the street, we see that the Killer's IMPERIAL is s light. Jody gets up, shaken. He knees and elbows are badly scrat The OWNER of the car comes running over to Jody.
201) 5) text: You don't look OK. Jody turns around. Her teacher Leonard Marliston is there IMPERIAL is parked behind him. Jody wipes away the tears. JODY
201) 8) dialog: Ok. Should I put my bike in the back of your car?
201) 10) dialog: Sure.
205) 0) text: In Leonard's rear view mirror we see Jody pedaling behind A couple of boys lean out of their cars and invite Jody t party. Sirens scream out in the distance.
206) 0) text: Leonard pulls into his driveway. Jody pulls in behind. Sh on the front porch and they head into the house. LEONARD
206) 1) text: You aren't going to the party? JODY
207) 0) text: Mr. Leonard opens the door to his house. Jody walks in be
207) 2) text: of COURSE. You're not scared? JODY
207) 4) text: Then you should go. JODY
207) 6) text: I really do. For your own safety. Jody doesn't know what to make of this. It's not what she from her teacher. Leonard goes into the kitchen. Jody sits on the couch and She's immediately sensing that something is off about the certainly not the way she imagined a teacher's house to l sorts of city plans, maps, and drawings on the walls. Yea Falls yearbooks and newspapers are stacked in piles. He reappears with two beers and a pot filled with soapy w her a beer. JODY
207) 8) text: We're all manipulated. From the moment we're born. The event that fatalistically shaped my life happened before I was even born. JODY
207) 10) text: Yes. We have no real freedom. You of all people should understand that. This may sting. Jody is beginning to feel strange. There's something off whole encounter. JODY
207) 12) text: Because of your father. The way what his sins shaped you. He starts putting a disinfectant on her wound. JODY
207) 14) text: He's a rapist. Like mine. She grimaces. The disinfectant hurts. JODY
207) 16) text: Lisa Sherman was my mother. Do you know who that is? JODY
207) 18) text: I was born nine months after she was raped. One of the four men who raped her is my father. I have no idea which one. JODY
208) 0) text: Jody opens the back door and gets halfway out when Leonar pulls her away from the door, and slugs her in the face, sprawling to the ground. He picks her up and punches her breaking her nose, knocking her half out. He picks her up carries her to the basement stairs.
209) 0) text: Leonard throws Jody down into the dark basement. She tumb stairs, hitting her head on the cold stone floor. He comes charging down after her, closing the door behind
213) 0) text: As Jody comes to, she finds herself gagged, tied to a cha basement. She can't see much but she can hear the sounds and a rat scurrying around. She tips her chair over and f cold floor. She tries to removes her gag by rubbing her h ground.
216) 0) text: Jody can't undo her gag but she notices a piece of glass She turns herself around to grab for it. She squeezes her hand under the dresser, reaching for the The door at the top of the stairs opens. Leonard appears in silhouette carrying the body wrapped i throws it down the stairs and turns the lights on. The basement is almost an exact replication of the baseme mother's house. A cot in the same spot. The dresser as we Sherman costume is neatly hung from big metal hooks. Leonard sits Jody back up. A little blood drips from Jody's closed hands. She has th Leonard ties the other body to a chair facing Jody. He st AND THE FAMILY STONE. LEONARD
216) 1) text: (singing) 'It's a family affair, It's a family affair.' He undoes the blanket revealing the battered but still br Jody's dad. Brent's bleeding from the forehead, nose, and badly beaten up. Jody gags on her gag. Her dad looks her in the eye. LEONARD
216) 2) text: Well, we may be family One in four chance. Leonard picks up his razor and starts towards Jody. LEONARD
216) 3) text: Sheriff Brent, you will be the second of the four horsemen of the apocalypse to die. But first you will watch as I slice up your little girl. Brent starts frantically shaking no, trying to escape as front of Jody and runs his hands up under her dress, expo nubile leg. The 'V' is still fresh in her calf. Leonard starts to cut an 'I' next to it. Jody's face grimaces in pain. Blood drips to the ground. shake.           LEONARD
216) 4) text: You're shaking too much. If you don't stop shaking Jody, I'll have to kill before I carve. We wouldn't want that. Jody concentrates on trying to show no pain, not to flinc Her father watches,  horrified. Cut to:
217) 0) text: Kenny runs down the street, heading toward Jody's house. his breath for a second. He notices something.
218) 0) text: Jody's bicycle is still leaning against Leonard's porch.
220) 0) text: Leonard continues to work on Jody's bare leg, starting th her father stare at each other, helplessly. LEONARD
220) 1) text: My mother said, after you and your three droogs raped her Brent, that people in town refused to let her use their bathrooms. Is that true? Did people really call her a slut and tell her 'you can't shit here'? She used to snarl that at me. That's all she really did, at least in my direction, was snarl. When she looked at me,  she saw only you. Jody gags in pain. Brent looks away. LEONARD
220) 2) text: Open your eyes Brent. Watch. Or will I cause her much more pain. Brent opens his eyes. More blood drips. Jody starts to lo barely able to stand it  anymore. The doorbell rings. Leonard looks up, concerned.
222) 0) text: Kenny's POV - Jody's coat and purse are still on the couc
224) 1) text: Hello? Jody?
225) 1) text: Who the fuck is breaking into my house? Leonard checks Jody's and Brent's ropes are tight, then h stairs. As soon as he disappears, Jody wriggles toward he starts cutting his ropes with the shard of glass.
227) 0) text: Leonard sees Kenny opening Jody's purse, checking it out. Leonard keeps the razor hidden behind his back. LEONARD
227) 2) text: Oh, hey Mr. Marliston. W-What's Jody's bike doing on your front porch? LEONARD
228) 0) text: Jody cuts through her dad's ropes. Her dad immediately ta off.
229) 0) text: Kenny heads out the door. JODY(O.C.)
229) 2) text: That was Jody! Leonard says nothing. He just stares at Kenny. JODY(O.C.)
229) 4) text: Jody?! Leonard moves towards Kenny with the razor. Kenny turns j grabs Leonard's arm as Leonard tries to slit his throat. The door lock starts to shake as Brent continues to kick from the other side. Leonard picks up a  lamp with his free hand and smashes K head. Kenny falls to the ground. The door pops open. Brent charges out. Leonard turns to h him across the chest as Brent sprays red paint in Leonard screams, and lunges at Brent. Brent grabs Leonard. Using every ounce of energy he has, down the basement stairs. Leonard grabs Brent as he tumbles down the stairs. The tw bottom, smashing their heads along the way. As they come smashes his head hard on the floor. Leonard ends up on to raises the razor and slits Brent across the face. BRENT
229) 5) text: Jody run! Jody crawls up the stairs, dragging her bad leg. Instinctually, Brent hangs on to Leonard, as Leonard trie Leonard slashes Brent across the face again. JODY
229) 7) text: Run! Jody crawls to the top of the stairs.  Leonard does every get away from Brent but Brent hangs on.  Jody watches, ho top of the stair. Kenny appears at the top of the stairs away from the gruesome sight as Leonard continues to slas open. Brent rolls over, a bloody mess.
230) 0) text: Kenny slams the door shut as Leonard charges up the stair the door shut with all his might. JODY
230) 2) text: He's dead! We've got to get the fuck out of here! Kenny pushes a dresser in front of it, trapping Leonard. JODY
230) 3) text: I can't walk. I think he cut right through a tendon. Leonard starts chopping through the door with an axe. Kenny helps Jody out the front door.
231) 0) text: Jody and Kenny limp out of the house. Kenny grabs Jody's KENNY
233) 0) text: Kenny and Jody are peddling away down the driveway.
237) 0) text: Kenny frantically pedals the bike up the pristine suburba hangs on for dear life. JODY
237) 2) text: Deputy Webber's at the party. It's only three blocks away. Leonard's car squeals around the corner behind them. JODY
240) 0) text: Kenny and Jody tumble up someone's driveway, smashing int
242) 0) text: Kenny helps Jody to her feet.
242) 2) text: Shit. Kenny helps Jody over the fence, then leaps up on it just Shepard snaps at him. He jumps down on the other side, safe. The German Shepard smells something else and tears away.
246) 0) text: Jody and Kenny climb over a fence into another backyard. badly. Kenny is helping her along. JODY
248) 0) text: Kenny and Jody appear from a backyard, across the street
252) 0) text: Jody and Kenny limp up to the party. There are no police
252) 1) dialog: Where are the police? Jody looks down the road, lets out a blood curdling screa slowly limping towards the house, gore dripping razor in
252) 3) dialog: Oh GOD IT'S HIM!
253) 0) text: Kenny and Jody limp through the front door. Couples are e There's no room to even walk. The party has reached it's 'climax'. We see the faces of teenage boys and girls as they lose t They run the gamut of emotions. Some are terrified, some Some are concentrating as hard as they've ever concentrat closing their eyes, trying to fade out. We see Sandy, Mark, Cindy, and Ben all having a blast. Sh to find a new partner and the nerds are riding the homely orgiastic. Kenny and Jody can only marvel at it as they limp through bodies looking for a place to hide. KENNY GRABS  a sheet off the ground and carries Jody up t
254) 0) text: Kenny carries Jody into the huge bedroom. A couple of kids look up as the door opens. There must be teenagers in the room, adjoining bathroom, and closets. T sea of kids humping two deep, under blankets. KID ON FLOOR
254) 3) text: Yeah. Get lost we're packed. Kenny pays no attention to them. He shoves his way into a off everyone on the way, stepping on a few hands and othe puts Jody down and starts unbuttoning her shirt. JODY (whispering)
255) 0) text: Leonard comes in the front door, his razor in hand, the p still dripping from it. He looks around, wondering if the No one seems to notice Leonard as he hunts for Jody and K through the sea of bodies, dripping blood on the backs of kids. A serial killer at a fuckfest.  Leonard smiles at t the teenagers copulating.
256) 0) text: Kenny and Jody curl up next to each other. Kenny kisses h him back. They're into each other. They can't keep their hands off start to really make out.
259) 0) text: Jody hears the disturbance. She stops Kenny and listens.
261) 0) text: Jody and Kenny know he's close. Leonard appears in the do KENNY (whispering) It's him.
261) 5) text: Mr. Marliston? She grabs her clothes, embarrassed. Jimmy gets up. He's v and Jody peek out from under their sheet. JIMMY
261) 10) text: I was grounded for two fucking months because of you! Jody knows her friend is in danger. JODY
261) 11) text: Jimmy leave him alone! He's imbalanced. Leonard sees Jody. He starts toward her but Jimmy stupidl way. LEONARD
261) 13) text: I knew you were a pervert. Always wearing those fucking doofy      glasses, and driving a station wagon. JODY
263) 0) text: Leonard can't get to Jody because too many kids are tryin bedroom door, pushing toward it, sweeping him up in their turned quickly into chaos with a teenage logjam at the do Leonard keeps his eyes pinned on Jody across the room, th He can't make headway so he raises the razor to slash way sees him raise the razor. JODY
263) 1) text: No! Leonard starts slashing his way toward Jody. He slashes a stomach, a boy across the face, a  girl across the breast bloodbath, everyone's screaming. KIDS' bodies fall to the ground, tripping people, creatin chaos. Leonard loses his balance and is pushed to the ground as over him.
264) 0) text: Jody and Kenny try to make it to the door. Leonard tries to get up but he can't. He starts crawling slashing the legs of a couple of kids who are in his way, the ground. One kid does a back flip through a glass coff exploding it, sending a shard of glass out his throat. Bl the ceiling like a lawn sprinkler. Through the sea of legs, Leonard sees Jody's leg, the 'VI carved. He slashes his way towards Jody.
267) 0) text: Leonard keeps crawling toward Jody, getting closer and cl scrunches over Jimmy's severed penis, staining his khakis LEONARD
269) 0) text: Leonard is just a few feet from Jody's leg. Jody and Kenny push closer to the door. Leonard reaches for Jody's leg. He can't quite grab it. Kenny and Jody reach the door. They're almost out. Leonar Jody's leg. Jody screams out in pain, falls into the crowd. JODY Kenny!
271) 0) text: Leonard keeps hold of Jody's leg and pulls her toward him
272) 0) text: Kenny tries to get back to Jody but there's no way he can back into that room. KENNY Jody?!
274) 0) text: Leonard gets hold of Jody's waist and pulls her towards h
276) 0) text: The room empties as the kids push out. Leonard pulls Jody and puts the razor to her neck. He draws the first spot o JODY
278) 0) text: Jody turns to look at LEONARD as Kenny appears in the doo JODY
278) 2) text: You're right. We do. Leonard stares at Jody for a moment, relaxing his grip, g the break he needs to dive for Leonard's arm, surprising over. They struggle for the razor but Leonard overpowers cutting his own hand. He turns and slices Kenny down the deep. Kenny fights off the pain and leaps on Leonard's back, gr around the neck. Leonard stands up and twirls around, trying to knock Kenn smashing him into walls. Kenny screams in pain, but doesn't let go, pulling at Leo throat. Leonard spins faster. JODY struggles to her feet, holding her neck, still losin Kenny's grips start to slip as Leonard reaches back, to s the face and neck. LEONARD, backs up towards the window, slips over a dildo. loses his grip on Kenny, goes crashing out the second sto
280) 0) text: Jody looks out after him. He looks up to her. Their eyes
282) 0) text: Jody helps Kenny to his feet. KENNY
283) 0) text: Police cars screech to a stop out front. The kids are all down the street. JODY AND KENNY emerge out the front door, look down at LE alive, lying at bloody mess at the base of the steps.
283) 2) text: J-Jody. P-please help me. Please. Leonard spits up blood. Jody squeals. Kenny covers her ey CLOSE on the BALCONY overhead. The railing breaks off and comes crashing down, falling on Leonard, killing him. Jod tightly. KENNY
284) 0) text: Cemetery- Brent's coffin is in a grave. People are leavin Jody is with her Mom. They are the last ones there. They workers start to throw dirt on the coffin. Jody takes her mom's hand in her own. They're close again Dissolve to:
285) 0) text: It's night. Jody is asleep.
287) 0) text: Intruder's POV - Through the window, Jody is sound asleep vulnerable. The window opens. Someone steps in and moves quietly over the bed. She wakes, startled. She looks up. IT'S KENNY. KENNY (smiling)
287) 1) text: I'm all out of patience. He climbs in her bed and takes her. She lets him. She's i A pair of eyes peer through the slates of Jody's closet d hidden in her closet. KILLER'S POV - Jody and Kenny are now in the middle of ma first time. It's getting hot. JODY
287) 2) text: Oh God, this is the way it should be. The closet door opens. The real LISA SHERMAN is there. Ma dead after all! She starts toward Jody, raising a huge butcher knife over Jody sees her and screams. The knife comes down toward the center of Kenny's back. His face contorts as the knife enters his body. Jody scre up blood all over her breasts. He looks helplessly at Jody, dying as the knife comes dow But now it's her father who's doing the stabbing!
288) 0) text: Jody wakes up from her dream, startled and shaken. She lo herself in bed. Kenny is lying there asleep, smiling, pro her. The window is open. He must have climbed in. There is a little red spot on the sheet next to her. She cuddles up next to him as the sun starts to rise outs Dissolve to: