31) 0) text: The boy pulls his hand from under the girl's shirt and un She pushes his hand away but he puts it right back, wrigg down into her pants. JODY MARKEN, a pretty all-American sixteen year old girl, but still innocent, stops kissing her boyfriend KENNY, tr off. Kenny is also sixteen. He's thin and a bit shaggy, b nonetheless. His hair is shoulder length, his stare inten himself seriously, all rebel. JODY
31) 1) text: Cut it out. KENNY
31) 3) text: I was supposed to be home fifteen minutes ago. KENNY
31) 5) text: I got to get home. KENNY
31) 7) text: Kenny.... She pulls his hand out of her pants. He stares at her for completely exasperated. He sits up and starts the car.
33) 0) text: Jody and Kenny drive home, not talking. He pulls up in front of her house. KENNY          
33) 2) text: What? KENNY
34) 0) text: Jody gets out of the car, very upset. Kenny takes off, no see if she gets inside safely, leaving her all alone on t car backfires in the distance. A nearby noise  startles h behind the garbage cans. She heads quickly up the drivewa behind the house.
46) 0) text: Jody rides up on her bike and glances across the schoolya it in the bike rack. Jody's POV - Kenny is leaning against a tree, talking wit SHARON. Jody is upset to see Kenny flirting with someone else. As toward the front door of the school, a few other CLASSMAT She keeps glancing over at Kenny but he doesn't notice he CLASSMATE 1
46) 4) text: I dunno. My dad never came home last night. Jody's POV - Kenny takes Sharon's hand for a second. CLASSMATE 1(O.C.)
46) 7) text: Ha-ha. So funny. Sickfuck. Jody doesn't respond. She stares at Kenny. Jody's POV - Kenny walks into school with Sharon.
48) 14) text: No. Those two were together before Kenny and I started hanging out and that's over, what, God a year now. BRENT
52) 0) text: Jody's POV - Kenny is walking to his car with Sharon. Sandy sees how upset Jody is. SANDY
53) 1) text: (frustrated) Mr. Jenkins called on me in class today. It was so embarrassing. I was seriously spaced. I'd been thinking about Kenny for over twenty minutes. When I snapped out of it, I looked pathetic. I was teared up. Everyone was staring at me. STACY
53) 6) text: Kenny'll come running back. This is just his way of pressuring you. JODY
83) 6) text: I need to know how far you and Kenny went? Jody is really uncomfortable with this question.
101) 4) text: I'm Kenny's Aunt Lisa. JODY
101) 5) text: Kenny's aunt? KILLER(O.C.)
141) 3) text: (growing frantic) I swear to God. It's her. She told Jody she was Kenny's 'AUNT LISA'. I'm getting this sickly feeling... TOM
150) 0) text: Chaos has taken over the school. Hardly anyone is still g Kenny is standing in the hallway, looking for Jody. He kn schedule and that she'll be passing by. Jody appears from her classroom. She starts toward Kenny, noticing him. Jody looks up and she sees him. She stops. She knows what talk to her about. He runs over to her. KENNY
150) 2) text: I'm fine. KENNY
150) 4) text: I did. KENNY
150) 6) text: Yeah. I think it's really sick. KENNY
150) 8) text: Three of our classmates are dead. That's not really the occasion for a party. KENNY
150) 10) text: Did Sharon say no? KENNY
150) 12) text: I'm so flattered but I can't. I'm grounded. KENNY
150) 14) text: No I'm really grounded. When I got in late the other night, my father was waiting up for me.  He grabs her passionately. KENNY
150) 15) text: If you don't want to go with me just say so. Say 'Kenny, I DON'T WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU' but don't use your dad as an excuse. I'm so sick of it. JODY
150) 16) text: I'm not using him as an excuse. OF COURSE SHE IS. KENNY
150) 19) text: I do not. KENNY
150) 22) dialog: They're not picking me up until six.
173) 0) text: Jody rides up to Kenny's house.
174) 0) text: Kenny sees her from his bedroom window.
175) 0) text: Kenny comes tearing downstairs.
176) 0) text: Kenny, opens the front door, very excited. KENNY
176) 1) text: Jody! (he kisses her) Yes! You're here. Jody wipes a tear from her eye. Kenny notices how upset s KENNT(CONT'D)
179) 0) text: Jody and Kenny are in Kenny's bedroom, sitting on his bed KENNY
179) 2) text: (all wound up) My dad acts like he's Johnny Fucking Perfect and he's really Johnny Fucking Rapist. KENNY
179) 4) text: I can't believe I listened to one word of his shit. KENNY
179) 6) text: So I should feel happy that he got away with it? KENNY
179) 7) text: I don't know. I kind of am. Jody, still crying, stares at Kenny for a second then lea him with everything she's got, Ready for action. KENNY
183) 0) text: Jody is all over Kenny. He's really weirded out by her ag She reaches for his crotch and finds that he's soft. She embarrassed. JODY
183) 1) text: (worried) What's wrong? Am I doing something wrong? KENNY
183) 3) text: I'm making you feel like meat? KENNY
183) 5) text: You break up with me because I won't fuck you. KENNY
183) 7) text: You flaunt some slut in my face. KENNY
183) 9) text: And when I finally agree to spread my legs, you accuse me of treating you like meat. KENNY
183) 10) text: Jody, you're only doing this to get back at your dad. It doesn't have that much to do with me. She gets up angry, and starts putting her clothes back on wrong note to play. The truth hurts. KENNY
183) 12) text: This party is sick. She heads to the door. KENNY
183) 14) text: What? KENNY
183) 16) text: Then go to the party. Run with the herd Kenny. Just don't spew out all that 'be an individual, assert yourself' crap anymore. She heads out, very upset.
212) 0) text: Sharon turns up the heat on Kenny, running her hands acro chest. Kenny breaks off the kiss, not really into it. SHARON
212) 1) text: You ok? KENNY
212) 3) text: What? KENNY
212) 7) dialog: I got to go.
212) 9) dialog: I'm worried about someone. He puts his clothes on.
212) 13) dialog: Jody was right, this party IS sick. Kenny buttons his shirt and heads out. Sharon is pissed.
217) 0) text: Kenny runs down the street, heading toward Jody's house. his breath for a second. He notices something.
219) 0) text: Kenny crosses the street to Leonard's house and inspects hers.
221) 0) text: Kenny rings it again. No one answers. He walks over to the window and looks through a crack und curtains.
222) 0) text: Kenny's POV - Jody's coat and purse are still on the couc
223) 0) text: Kenny senses that something is really off. He rings again answers.  Worried, he pops the screen. It's breaking and
224) 0) text: Kenny climbs into the living room and looks around. KENNY
225) 0) text: Leonard hears Kenny. He can't ignore him any longer. LEONARD
227) 0) text: Leonard sees Kenny opening Jody's purse, checking it out. Leonard keeps the razor hidden behind his back. LEONARD
227) 1) text: My wallet's on the mantle when you've finished your rifling, Kenny. Kenny looks up, startled. KENNY (nervously)
227) 3) text: That all depends Kenny. Depends on why the FUCK you've broken into your history teacher's house? KENNY
229) 0) text: Kenny heads out the door. JODY(O.C.)
229) 1) text: Help! Kenny hears the cry and turns around. KENNY
229) 2) text: That was Jody! Leonard says nothing. He just stares at Kenny. JODY(O.C.)
229) 3) text: Somebody help! Kenny heads toward the basement door to investigate. Bren on the other side of the locked door. KENNY
229) 4) text: Jody?! Leonard moves towards Kenny with the razor. Kenny turns j grabs Leonard's arm as Leonard tries to slit his throat. The door lock starts to shake as Brent continues to kick from the other side. Leonard picks up a  lamp with his free hand and smashes K head. Kenny falls to the ground. The door pops open. Brent charges out. Leonard turns to h him across the chest as Brent sprays red paint in Leonard screams, and lunges at Brent. Brent grabs Leonard. Using every ounce of energy he has, down the basement stairs. Leonard grabs Brent as he tumbles down the stairs. The tw bottom, smashing their heads along the way. As they come smashes his head hard on the floor. Leonard ends up on to raises the razor and slits Brent across the face. BRENT
229) 7) text: Run! Jody crawls to the top of the stairs.  Leonard does every get away from Brent but Brent hangs on.  Jody watches, ho top of the stair. Kenny appears at the top of the stairs away from the gruesome sight as Leonard continues to slas open. Brent rolls over, a bloody mess.
230) 0) text: Kenny slams the door shut as Leonard charges up the stair the door shut with all his might. JODY
230) 1) text: My dad's down there! KENNY
230) 2) text: He's dead! We've got to get the fuck out of here! Kenny pushes a dresser in front of it, trapping Leonard. JODY
230) 3) text: I can't walk. I think he cut right through a tendon. Leonard starts chopping through the door with an axe. Kenny helps Jody out the front door.
231) 0) text: Jody and Kenny limp out of the house. Kenny grabs Jody's KENNY
233) 0) text: Kenny and Jody are peddling away down the driveway.
237) 0) text: Kenny frantically pedals the bike up the pristine suburba hangs on for dear life. JODY
237) 1) text: Go to the police station! KENNY
239) 0) text: Kenny peddles as fast as he can, going up onto the sidewa doesn't stop Leonard. He comes screeching up on the sidew Kenny, ready to run him over. Kenny tears up onto a lawn, Leonard follows him, grass sp everywhere. Kenny cuts hard between two trees and back onto the stree the other sidewalk. LEONARD remains in pursuit, knocking cars, flattening several fences, and mutilating a cat alo Leonard gains on them as they zigzag up and down the pris destroying it. Leonard pulls up right behind them. He hits the gas. Kenn hard to avoid getting hit. Kenny can't hold the bike upright and it slides out from
240) 0) text: Kenny and Jody tumble up someone's driveway, smashing int
242) 0) text: Kenny helps Jody to her feet.
242) 2) text: Shit. Kenny helps Jody over the fence, then leaps up on it just Shepard snaps at him. He jumps down on the other side, safe. The German Shepard smells something else and tears away.
246) 0) text: Jody and Kenny climb over a fence into another backyard. badly. Kenny is helping her along. JODY
246) 1) text: Thanks for coming back for me. KENNY
248) 0) text: Kenny and Jody appear from a backyard, across the street
252) 0) text: Jody and Kenny limp up to the party. There are no police
252) 4) dialog: Quick! In the house. He won't look for us in there. Kenny and Jody limp toward the front door.
253) 0) text: Kenny and Jody limp through the front door. Couples are e There's no room to even walk. The party has reached it's 'climax'. We see the faces of teenage boys and girls as they lose t They run the gamut of emotions. Some are terrified, some Some are concentrating as hard as they've ever concentrat closing their eyes, trying to fade out. We see Sandy, Mark, Cindy, and Ben all having a blast. Sh to find a new partner and the nerds are riding the homely orgiastic. Kenny and Jody can only marvel at it as they limp through bodies looking for a place to hide. KENNY GRABS  a sheet off the ground and carries Jody up t
254) 0) text: Kenny carries Jody into the huge bedroom. A couple of kids look up as the door opens. There must be teenagers in the room, adjoining bathroom, and closets. T sea of kids humping two deep, under blankets. KID ON FLOOR
254) 3) text: Yeah. Get lost we're packed. Kenny pays no attention to them. He shoves his way into a off everyone on the way, stepping on a few hands and othe puts Jody down and starts unbuttoning her shirt. JODY (whispering)
254) 4) text: What are you doing? KENNY
256) 0) text: Kenny and Jody curl up next to each other. Kenny kisses h him back. They're into each other. They can't keep their hands off start to really make out.
258) 0) text: Leonard heads up the stairs, still looking for Kenny and kids on the staircase notice him. He almost trips on one. They to each other, freaked out that a teacher is there. More start looking up The party has definitely been disturbed.
259) 0) text: Jody hears the disturbance. She stops Kenny and listens.
261) 0) text: Jody and Kenny know he's close. Leonard appears in the do KENNY (whispering) It's him.
264) 0) text: Jody and Kenny try to make it to the door. Leonard tries to get up but he can't. He starts crawling slashing the legs of a couple of kids who are in his way, the ground. One kid does a back flip through a glass coff exploding it, sending a shard of glass out his throat. Bl the ceiling like a lawn sprinkler. Through the sea of legs, Leonard sees Jody's leg, the 'VI carved. He slashes his way towards Jody.
269) 0) text: Leonard is just a few feet from Jody's leg. Jody and Kenny push closer to the door. Leonard reaches for Jody's leg. He can't quite grab it. Kenny and Jody reach the door. They're almost out. Leonar Jody's leg. Jody screams out in pain, falls into the crowd. JODY Kenny!
269) 1) text: Kenny tries to grab for her but he can't reach her. The f pushes him out the door, through the vortex.
272) 0) text: Kenny tries to get back to Jody but there's no way he can back into that room. KENNY Jody?!
275) 0) text: Everyone gives one final push out. Kenny is swept on to t can't take the pressure and finally cracks. Kids tumble on top of each other falling to the floor bel staircase splinters. Hurt kids are everywhere as more and over the edge. It's a disaster. Broken boned teenagers li like it were a battlefield. Kenny manages to grab hold of the second floor as kids fa The whole house begins to buckle.
277) 0) text: Kenny manages to pull himself back up to the second floor
278) 0) text: Jody turns to look at LEONARD as Kenny appears in the doo JODY
278) 2) text: You're right. We do. Leonard stares at Jody for a moment, relaxing his grip, g the break he needs to dive for Leonard's arm, surprising over. They struggle for the razor but Leonard overpowers cutting his own hand. He turns and slices Kenny down the deep. Kenny fights off the pain and leaps on Leonard's back, gr around the neck. Leonard stands up and twirls around, trying to knock Kenn smashing him into walls. Kenny screams in pain, but doesn't let go, pulling at Leo throat. Leonard spins faster. JODY struggles to her feet, holding her neck, still losin Kenny's grips start to slip as Leonard reaches back, to s the face and neck. LEONARD, backs up towards the window, slips over a dildo. loses his grip on Kenny, goes crashing out the second sto
282) 0) text: Jody helps Kenny to his feet. KENNY
283) 0) text: Police cars screech to a stop out front. The kids are all down the street. JODY AND KENNY emerge out the front door, look down at LE alive, lying at bloody mess at the base of the steps.
283) 2) text: J-Jody. P-please help me. Please. Leonard spits up blood. Jody squeals. Kenny covers her ey CLOSE on the BALCONY overhead. The railing breaks off and comes crashing down, falling on Leonard, killing him. Jod tightly. KENNY
287) 0) text: Intruder's POV - Through the window, Jody is sound asleep vulnerable. The window opens. Someone steps in and moves quietly over the bed. She wakes, startled. She looks up. IT'S KENNY. KENNY (smiling)
287) 1) text: I'm all out of patience. He climbs in her bed and takes her. She lets him. She's i A pair of eyes peer through the slates of Jody's closet d hidden in her closet. KILLER'S POV - Jody and Kenny are now in the middle of ma first time. It's getting hot. JODY
287) 2) text: Oh God, this is the way it should be. The closet door opens. The real LISA SHERMAN is there. Ma dead after all! She starts toward Jody, raising a huge butcher knife over Jody sees her and screams. The knife comes down toward the center of Kenny's back. His face contorts as the knife enters his body. Jody scre up blood all over her breasts. He looks helplessly at Jody, dying as the knife comes dow But now it's her father who's doing the stabbing!
288) 0) text: Jody wakes up from her dream, startled and shaken. She lo herself in bed. Kenny is lying there asleep, smiling, pro her. The window is open. He must have climbed in. There is a little red spot on the sheet next to her. She cuddles up next to him as the sun starts to rise outs Dissolve to: