3) 0) text: A teenage boy's hand is under a teenage girl's shirt, gen breast. He pulls his hand out from under her shirt and pl bare knee. As he starts to slide his hand up her leg, she grabs his pulls it away. She places it back on her breast, sliding shirt. We pull back. STACY and ROD, two healthy sixteen year old passionately making out in the proverbial back seat of a Rod smiles seductively, kisses Stacy, and places his hand knee. Once again, she stops him, this time just squeezing tightly.
3) 3) dialog: But you don't really mean it. He struggles to free his hand.
3) 5) dialog: Maybe it won't stay in.
3) 8) dialog: Let me just ask you a serious question first.
3) 10) dialog: Aren't you worried you could die a virgin?
3) 12) dialog: On our way home, a drunken driver could hit us head on and send us flying through the windshield. Terminate us instantly. We'd never  experience what it means to make love.
3) 14) dialog: That wasn't me ...
3) 16) dialog: Well I'm trying to be real here and you're mocking me.
5) 0) text: Rod leans in and starts kissing Stacy again. ROD(cont.)
5) 3) text: Rod! ROD
5) 5) text: Unfair?! ROD
7) 0) text: Rod catches himself. He looks at his bloodied face in the and realizes what he's done. He starts up the car.
9) 0) text: Rod pulls up next to her and rolls down his window. ROD
10) 0) text: She pays no attention to him. ROD
11) 0) text: Rod, frustrated, hits the steering wheel and floors it.
12) 0) text: As Rod's car tears off, down the road, the other car that lover's lane drives up and pulls over, lights still off.
13) 1) text: Rod? No answer.
14) 0) text: Rod is sitting in his car in front of Stacy's house at th woods, waiting for her to appear. He checks his watch.
16) 0) text: Rod sits up in his seat, thinking he's heard something
18) 0) text: Rod gets out of the car and cautiously moves to the edge woods.
19) 0) text: Rod's POV - The woods are pitch black. ROD
19) 3) dialog: 
21) 0) text: Rod grabs his flashlight from the glove compartment.
22) 0) text: Rod's flashlight beam frantically cuts through the woods. Rod charges through the woods, desperately looking for an
24) 0) text: Rod searches for Stacy, his flashlight jaggedly cutting t
26) 0) text: Rod stops and frantically looks around, knowing he's figh battle. ROD
28) 0) text: Rod hears her muffled cry and runs toward the sound. Stacy's left hand is now placed up against a different tr Another nail is readied. Stacy tries to free her nailed hand but it's useless. She Rod's flashlight continues to cut through the night. His fallen branches. Suddenly, he stops. He's found her. Stacy is stretched out between two trees, gagged, one han tree. She almost looks crucified. Rod, starts toward her, not sure what to do. He looks int terrified eyes. She's looking behind him. Rod quickly turns around but he's too late. A knife comes plunging down toward Rod's chest. Stacy frantically tries to free herself but she only succ her palms on the nails. Rod falls to his knees, blood streaming from his chest an Stacy can't even react anymore, she's so horrified. The killer's hand rips open Stacy's shirt and feels her s Stacy looks down, terrified of what the killer has planne A small but extremely sharp razor attached to the end of placed up against Stacy's bare stomach. The killer's hand it's an ordinary pencil. Stacy's eyes grow abnormally wide as the carving starts. experienced such pain. Blood drips to the ground. Dissolve to:
45) 0) text: The murder sit. Police cameras flash. Stacy is still nail Rod is dead on the ground below her in a puddle of his ow Brent walks up, immediately repulsed by the gruesome sigh JACK WEBBER, sidles up next to him. DEPUTY
45) 1) text: Her parents reported her missing about an hour ago. A flash bulb momentarily lights up the scene. Brent pulls flashlight to better survey the carnage. He starts on Rod, throat slit, chest gutted. He then move looking at one nailed hand, then the other. BRENT
48) 1) text: You aren't planning to tell these kids that 'virgin' was tattooed into both Stacy and Rod, are you? BRENT
48) 11) text: How well did you know Stacy and Rod? JODY
48) 20) text: The kids adore him. They confide in him. His patchouli reeking rear might know if Stacy and Rod were really virgins. Why didn't you ask Jody that? BRENT
49) 16) text: Did he ask you if Stacy and Rod has ever exchanged bodily fluids? JODY
49) 22) text: What I don't understand is why they asked Marliston if Rod was a virgin. They could have asked you Cindy. CINDY
49) 23) text: I never fucked Rod. BEN
53) 3) text: That I was sorry. I'd drifted off. That I'd been thinking about Stacy and Rod. SANDY