3) 0) text: A teenage boy's hand is under a teenage girl's shirt, gen breast. He pulls his hand out from under her shirt and pl bare knee. As he starts to slide his hand up her leg, she grabs his pulls it away. She places it back on her breast, sliding shirt. We pull back. STACY and ROD, two healthy sixteen year old passionately making out in the proverbial back seat of a Rod smiles seductively, kisses Stacy, and places his hand knee. Once again, she stops him, this time just squeezing tightly.
3) 1) dialog: No. He doesn't give up easy. He playfully wrestles his hand f under her skirt. She grabs his hand again.
3) 2) dialog: I said no.
3) 4) dialog: Yes I do. Keep it in your pants Rod. He gives up, aggravated.
3) 7) dialog: Maybe you better just drive me home. He starts the car, glares at her for a second, then turns
3) 9) dialog: What?
3) 11) dialog: (sarcastically) Yeah. I'm extremely worried about that. It's right up there with global warming.
3) 13) dialog: If sheep don't count.
3) 15) dialog: I know. I'm kidding you. Chill out.
3) 17) dialog: (softening) I'm sorry, but you're not going to die a virgin Rod.
5) 0) text: Rod leans in and starts kissing Stacy again. ROD(cont.)
5) 1) text: I don't wanna take that chance. I want my first time to be with you. She kisses him back. He slides his hand under her skirt a STACY
5) 2) text: Stop it. He doesn't. STACY
5) 4) text: (exasperated) You're being unfair. STACY
8) 0) text: Stacy runs down the road alone, still very upset.
9) 1) text: Stacy! I'm sorry.
10) 1) text: Please get back in the car, Stacy. She turns and heads down a path into the dark woods, purp he can't follow.
13) 0) text: Stacy heads deeper into the woods. When she finally stops breath and wipe away her tears, she hears someone approac Suddenly, the footsteps stop. Stacy senses that someone i STACY
13) 2) dialog: Is that you Rod? Still no answer. A little frightened, she starts to walk hears the footsteps following her. She stops again. Whoev stops too. She looks around in every direction.
13) 3) dialog: Come out Rod. This SCREAM bull shit ain't gonna work with me! No answer. Even the birds have stopped chirping.
13) 4) dialog: (terrified) Rod? You're freaking me out. Game's over. I lose. Come out and we'll fuck. She hears the footsteps behind her and quickly turns arou silhouette of someone standing a few feet away. The wind picks up. Stacy realizes it isn't Rod. All she c whoever is there is carrying a small sledge hammer in one long, jagged, steel nail in the other. STACY
14) 0) text: Rod is sitting in his car in front of Stacy's house at th woods, waiting for her to appear. He checks his watch.
15) 0) text: Stacy runs for the edge of the woods but she isn't quite elude her pursuer. STACY
15) 1) text: Help! The killer catches Stacy from behind and savagely smashes a tree, cracking a branch. Stacy falls to the ground, daz
17) 0) text: Stacy, half conscious, bleeding from the head, is dragged the woods.
19) 1) text: Stacy? STACY(O.C.)
20) 0) text: The killer kicks Stacy in the side, instantly shutting he and ties her to a tree trunk. She struggles, but she's no killer.
23) 0) text: Stacy's right hand is raised above her head and placed, p a tree trunk.
24) 0) text: Rod searches for Stacy, his flashlight jaggedly cutting t
25) 0) text: The huge nail, extremely sharp and jagged, is placed in t Stacy's outstretched palm. The hammer is pulled back, aimed at the head of the nail.
26) 1) text: Stacy?!
27) 0) text: The hammer descends on the nail. Stacy screams out in pain, even through the gag, as he ha the tree.
28) 0) text: Rod hears her muffled cry and runs toward the sound. Stacy's left hand is now placed up against a different tr Another nail is readied. Stacy tries to free her nailed hand but it's useless. She Rod's flashlight continues to cut through the night. His fallen branches. Suddenly, he stops. He's found her. Stacy is stretched out between two trees, gagged, one han tree. She almost looks crucified. Rod, starts toward her, not sure what to do. He looks int terrified eyes. She's looking behind him. Rod quickly turns around but he's too late. A knife comes plunging down toward Rod's chest. Stacy frantically tries to free herself but she only succ her palms on the nails. Rod falls to his knees, blood streaming from his chest an Stacy can't even react anymore, she's so horrified. The killer's hand rips open Stacy's shirt and feels her s Stacy looks down, terrified of what the killer has planne A small but extremely sharp razor attached to the end of placed up against Stacy's bare stomach. The killer's hand it's an ordinary pencil. Stacy's eyes grow abnormally wide as the carving starts. experienced such pain. Blood drips to the ground. Dissolve to:
45) 0) text: The murder sit. Police cameras flash. Stacy is still nail Rod is dead on the ground below her in a puddle of his ow Brent walks up, immediately repulsed by the gruesome sigh JACK WEBBER, sidles up next to him. DEPUTY
45) 3) text: The same type that decides to carve into her stomach. Brent finally shines the flashlight beam on Stacy's stoma her flesh is the word 'VIRGIN'.
46) 3) text: Was Stacy raped? JODY
48) 1) text: You aren't planning to tell these kids that 'virgin' was tattooed into both Stacy and Rod, are you? BRENT
48) 11) text: How well did you know Stacy and Rod? JODY
48) 12) text: I've been in the same class with Stacy for years but we weren't tight or anything. BRENT
48) 20) text: The kids adore him. They confide in him. His patchouli reeking rear might know if Stacy and Rod were really virgins. Why didn't you ask Jody that? BRENT
49) 16) text: Did he ask you if Stacy and Rod has ever exchanged bodily fluids? JODY
53) 1) text: (frustrated) Mr. Jenkins called on me in class today. It was so embarrassing. I was seriously spaced. I'd been thinking about Kenny for over twenty minutes. When I snapped out of it, I looked pathetic. I was teared up. Everyone was staring at me. STACY
53) 3) text: That I was sorry. I'd drifted off. That I'd been thinking about Stacy and Rod. SANDY