4) 0) text: CAMPION, now 12 -- kneeling in the dirt, his handmade clothing tattered and worn. He has a scrappiness to him, soulful eyes -- think River Phoenix in Stand By Me. He di his hand down into the loose soil -- pushing it down... He pulls a carbo out of the ground -- only this one looks bad, petrified -- Campion tosses it into a wooden cart fu of similarly shitty looking carbos -- He digs his hand into the dirt again -- pushing it down d this time -- feeling around -- pulls out a nice big one - smiles, carefully places it in the cart -- Campion starts pushing the cart -- one of the wheels is wobbling, squeaking as he goes. He’s sweating; it’s h during the day here and below freezing at night. He glanc over at the nursery as he passes it -- Through its open doorway he sees Father sitting in the se darkness -- stripping plant fibers with a wooden knife. Campion sets aside the good carbo, then transfers the oth from the cart; tossing them into a ten foot tall CARBO SI He then sets the good carbo on a wooden table, quickly pe the skin off with a wooden knife, then he chops it, pulls the pit -- looks like a jagged black golf ball -- tosses on to a pile of discarded pits -- Father emerges from the nursery, and though his visage ha aged, his body shows signs of heavy use -- his right arm still wrapped up like a mummy from that accident he had y ago -- lots of old nicks on his face -- He watches on as Campion cuts up the carbo, then arranges pieces lovingly on a wooden plate. Then Campion bows his head, murmuring something inaudible under his breath -- l to be blessing the food when --
4) 7) dialog: I picked you a nice carbo, Spiria. It’s a good one -- it was way down deep. Mother turns -- other than a few nicks on her skin, she l as beautiful as she did twelve years ago. Both her and Spiria smile at Campion as he offers the plate. As if the both know he’s something special and this is just furth proof of it --
4) 10) dialog: You mean this one -- Campion makes a strange hissing sound, imitating Gabin -- then Spiria does it -- they both crack up laughing --
4) 14) dialog: I want to hear more about the war * on Earth. *
4) 16) dialog: I don’t want to fight a war, I just like the stories.
4) 19) dialog: By discovering dark photons, the fifth fundamental force of nature -- the harnessing of which can be used to disrupt and destroy the human limbic system.
4) 27) dialog: They're going to claim the tropical zone if we don’t hurry up and make the journey ourselves.
5) 4) text: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER Father enters to see Campion sleeping in his NIGHT GEAR: full body suit Mother and Father recently developed to protect their remaining children from the region’s brut cold nights -- complete with a soft helmet-type thing, it amber colored visor shield made from a hard translucent l Angle widens to reveal Mother (Mother and Father don’t to wear night gear) sitting beside a sleeping Spiria who' also wearing night gear... Father looks like he’s about to tell her what he saw wh
5) 7) dialog: What’s going on? They don’t answer, Campion pulls off his helmet --
5) 8) dialog: What’s wrong?! What’s happening? Mother starts cradling Spiria in her arms -- Father watch on, stone faced -- Campion walks up on them -- Mother is doing mouth to mout Spiria -- but Spiria isn’t responding... Mother stares down at Spiria -- desperation in her eyes - then after a moment she starts singing to her, the same s she sang to bring Campion back... Meanwhile Campion starts praying desperately under his br -- Father looks over at him, contemplating the boy’s compulsion to pray as Mother sings to Spiria’s still motionless form...
6) 0) text: The alien sun rises over the horizon -- we float down on settlement, the children’s barracks -- Campion walking the door, looking dazed... INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS Father is about to follow Campion outside when he stops a the door, turns and looks back at Mother... He can’t see her face, her hair hanging down -- she’s cradling Spiria’s body -- still singing, only now it’ strange melodic whisper...
7) 0) text: Father walks out to see Campion looking washed out with grief, pulling a wooden spade from a tool bin. Father wal over to him -- Campion hands Father the spade...
8) 0) text: Campion follows after Father as he cuts through the spira rows, making their way to the outskirts, revealing... Four large stone markers -- too heavy for humans to have carried; Mother and Father brought them from the rocky pl We notice the fourth and most recent grave marker is etch with a familiar name -- GABIN. Father starts digging a fi grave right beside it while Campion watches on... 18.
8) 1) dialog: You don’t have to take care of me anymore you know. Father doesn’t answer, keeps digging -- then after a mo
8) 3) dialog: I’m useless now -- I can’t have babies. The other embryos aren’t viable. The colony --
8) 5) dialog: But I’m telling you that you don’t have to, Father. I’m setting you free.
8) 7) dialog: What is it? Father’s hands find something smooth and black -- the t a very large, buried object...
9) 0) text: Mother carries Spiria’s body to the outskirts of the pl area -- angle widens to reveal the open grave Father just and in the background, something the size of a VW bug cov with a cloth tarp, the now exhumed skull... Father and Campion watch on as Mother lays Spiria down in grave. Father begins shoveling the dirt over as -- Campion starts crying, Mother pulls him close, comforting as he looks off, eyeing the skull under the tarp...
9) 1) dialog: We don’t belong here... Mother shooshes him. Campion closes his eyes -- strugglin to refortify his will --
9) 4) dialog: Father -- Father looks up from his shoveling, sees Mother is now ab to collapse -- he drops the spade, rushes to hold her up Campion starts freaking out -- 20.
9) 5) dialog: What’s wrong with her!?
9) 13) dialog: Can I talk to her? Campion’s POV as Mother nods, then looks off, her expre changing, then she turns, faces him -- begins to speak in Spiria’s voice: 21.
9) 15) dialog: I don’t want to -- I miss you too much.
9) 17) dialog: Spiria wouldn’t say that. Mother reverts back to her normal voice --
9) 19) dialog: I don’t want to forget what she looks like. I can barely picture the others. I bet you can remember them all perfectly, can’t you? Campion’s POV -- Mother looking at him -- wants so much make it ok for him. Then something starts happening in he eyes -- a blinding light emanating -- Campion’s eyes go wide -- he can’t believe it... Campion’s POV -- he now sees Spiria sitting beside him instead of Mother...
9) 21) dialog: Mother, I see her! She’s here! And then Spiria’s eyes flash and she changes back to Mo Both Mother and Campion look shocked and amazed by this..
9) 22) dialog: Why haven’t you ever done that before?
9) 26) dialog: Do it again -- but do Mariall this time. Or Tally -- After a moment Mother nods, her eyes flash, she appears a six year old girl named TALLY --
10) 0) text: Father pauses at the window, sees Mother inside talking t Campion -- to Father it just looks like Mother is sitting there talking to the boy; only Campion -- whose retinae a receiving the projection directly -- can see the illusion Father turns from the window, starts beelining for the nursery --
12) 0) text: A carbo lands in the cart -- angle widens to reveal Campi on his knees in the dirt, wiping some sweat from his brow sighs -- stands up; not in the mood to work today... Campion walks to the children’s barracks, opens the doo 23.
13) 0) text: Campion steps inside, sees Mother sitting in the semi- darkness, staring into space...
13) 1) dialog: Mother, can I see Spiria again please? Just for a minute. And then I’1l get back to work I promise... Mother doesn’t answer, doesn’t move --
13) 2) dialog: Mother -- please, it’s so quiet out there... I want to talk to her -- or one of the others. You said it doesn’t use much power -- Finally Mother looks up at him -- her eyes static -- then
14) 0) text: Campion grabs a carbo pit off the pile -- looks at it in hand -- his expression twisted with grief -- He hurls it at the side of the main barracks -- CRACK. He picks up another one, hurls it -- CRACK -- He pauses, staring at the barracks, waiting for Mother to come out and yell at him. But she doesn’t -- he walks b to the window, looks inside, sees she hasn’t moved -- Campion starts back towards the spiral field when he sees something across the way...Father slipping off into the forest with a big bag over his shoulder. Campion considers...
15) 0) text: Father moves through the alien forest, carrying the bag - purpose in his eyes as he moves past us... 24. Then after a moment, we hear footsteps -- Campion creeps following Father -- Campion skillfully negotiating the terrain like the native he is...
16) 0) text: Campion’s POV -- rushing across the rocky plain now -- skirts past the edge of a hole, then changes direction to avoid yet another -- secretly following Father, who's fif yards ahead of him -- Campion stops short -- sees Father has stopped near a hol Campion ducks down behind some rocks -- then peeks over t top, watching as...Father pulls a long coiled rope from t bag, then starts tying one end of the rope to a large bou about ten feet from the hole... Close on Campion’s face -- looking increasingly concern what he sees Father doing, keeps watching as -- Father walks to the edge of the hole, drops the now ancho rope down into the pit -- begins tying a harness to himse with a small length of rope -- Realizing now what Father means to do -- Campion stands u starts waving his arms as he runs frantically up behind h
16) 1) dialog: NO! What are you doing?! You can’t go down there! You want to get eaten! Father turns, looks a little caught, breathes out -- slow shaking his head as Campion runs up on him...
16) 3) dialog: What is that -- what’s that sound? Campion rushes past Father to the edge, looks down --
16) 4) dialog: What’s down there? Father doesn’t answer -- but before long Campion figure out on his own, becomes suddenly incredulous -- 25.
16) 5) dialog: You told us your ship was gone?!
16) 7) dialog: I don’t want to hear this --
16) 10) dialog: But you said the Mithraic destroyed the earth with the necromancer -- that we have to stay away from them, build our own society --
16) 12) dialog: But they’re our enemies.
16) 15) dialog: But can’t they fix you and Mother? Keep you from breaking down?
16) 17) dialog: Then we’ll have them fix you -- and we can all stay together. Father looks vaguely conflicted until his programming determines that this is the only way to get the boy to ag to what’s best for him...
16) 19) dialog: When can we tell her? Father moves to the edge, starts rappelling down...
16) 21) dialog: Wait! What about the serpents?
16) 25) dialog: It’s a bit hypocritical, isn’t it -- after all you and Mother’s talk about not believing in the unreal --
16) 27) dialog: Are you sure?
18) 0) text: Close on Mother, she’s doing something with her hands - we can’t see what -- then as she settles we move into h staring eyes, into her digital mind... She’s remembering when she was hooked up to the six wom sacks, watching the babies floating in the amniotic fluid Back to Mother’s static eyes as she continues to dream expression softening...angle widens and we reveal what sh was doing with her hands when she came in; she’s hooked herself up to the old broken-down mobile lab -- its main umbilical and the six sub cables attached to nothing -- But in her dream all six wombs are there -- closer on one the womb sacks, the caul covering the fetus’ face -- it Campion -- the amniotic fluid getting cloudier, darker -- moving through it now...
19) 0) text: Father’s POV -- still slowly rappelling down into the h he’s almost reached the craft -- He notices something tattered hanging off the walls -- it scaly...looks like sloughed serpent skin. He looks up, se Campion looking small peering down at him over the edge.. Father looks back at the shed skin -- touches it with his fingers...it crumbles to dust -- seemingly ancient. Then he’s about to recommence his descent Father pauses, loo up...sensing something... Back to Campion -- who’s reacting to a plaintive tearin sound -- he turns, looks over at the rock where the rope anchored, sees it’s starting to fray --
19) 1) dialog: The rope --
19) 4) dialog: OK, I let go.
19) 8) dialog: Let me try. I weigh less than half as much as you -- Father considers as he helps Campion get to his feet, the
19) 10) dialog: What did?
19) 12) dialog: I know what you're doing. Father starts off while Campion remains by the edge of th pit shaking his head at him...
20) 7) dialog: Are you really breaking down? She doesn’t answer at first, then --
20) 10) dialog: I don’t want to be. Spiria takes that in, smiles...
20) 12) dialog: I don’t want to talk to you anymore. It’s making me sad... Campion’s POV as Spiria turns back into Mother -- Mothe eyes shining like twin projectors for a moment, and then everything normalizes -- Mother’s eyes back in shadow..
20) 14) dialog: I do -- I just... I wish they were like that man you told me the Mithraic believe in. The one who died and then came back to life. Mother is stopped, looks at him...
20) 15) dialog: Maybe you could tell me more about that book of theirs...so I uh, can practice ignoring their words...
20) 17) dialog: Made stick people like I always do. Mother says nothing, staring at him, then:
20) 20) dialog: I’m sorry. Please stop this, Mother --
20) 22) dialog: Nowhere -- Campion’s POV as the sun’s mouth opens into a maw -- throat looks like one of the bottomless pits, a serpent making its way up the throat -- emerging now like a livin tongue, weaving through the air, moving around to the bac Campion’s head...it whispers into his ear:
20) 24) dialog: I followed Father to the holes -- to your ship... His eyes still closed, Campion waits for a response -- bu there’s only silence now...
20) 25) dialog: Mother? Campion hears the door -- opens his eyes to see Mother ac the way, angrily exiting into the night --
22) 0) text: Campion emerges into the light, squinting as his eyes adj -- starts looking around, no sign of his android parents.
22) 1) dialog: Mother? Father? No answer. He walks across to the disused nursery -- open the door, peers into the semi-darkness... He lingers on one of children’s drawings on the wall -- drawing of Mother and Father wearing big creepy smiles... He turns, looks to the carbo field -- the plants swaying hypnotically with the wind...
23) 0) text: Campion walks through the spiral fields of carbos -- look around, getting increasingly freaked out --
23) 1) dialog: Hello?! From above we see Campion standing in the center of the spiral patterned crop field -- utterly alone... He walks to the outskirts, sees the snake skull across th way -- one of the lower fangs is conspicuously missing... Campion starts towards the skull when --
23) 3) dialog: Mother -- He walks up on her, relieved -- until he sees something o in her expression...
23) 5) dialog: What? What do you mean? He was fine --
23) 7) dialog: No -- he wasn’t breaking down -- we were -- Campion trails off, his eyes filled with confusion and gr
23) 8) dialog: Where is he? I want to see him?
23) 10) dialog: What’s wrong?
24) 0) text: Campion walks up on the edge of the hole the craft is dow inside of, holding the -- now repaired -- coiled rope, threaded through a short length of rope he’s wrapped ar his left thigh and shoulder -- hears that plaintive beepi echoing from a hundred feet below... He drops the rope down into the hole -- takes a deep brea summoning his courage...then starts rappelling unsteadily down the vertical wall -- sliding, stopping -- He gauges his progress by the volume of the beeping and b looking up at the mouth of the hole getting smaller -- th darkness swallowing the light... He can see some faint lights now below him -- blinking -- ship only twenty some odd feet below him now -- His palms are bleeding from sliding down the rope -- his shaking -- sweat dripping off his head -- the beeping get louder and louder -- He sees some of that snake skin hanging from the walls -- fear starting to overtake him, his quickening breath echo loudly in the tunnel when -- His foot finally touches down on something -- he looks do sees he’s stepping on the top of the craft... He clocks the open hatch, a dim light flashing inside. He squats down, starts carefully lowering himself inside...
25) 0) text: The beeping deafening now, Campion drops down inside the cramped, flashing space -- looks around, clocks the contr panel -- rushes to it -- He starts hitting buttons -- no idea what any of them do 39.
25) 1) dialog: Hello? We need help. Do you hear me? Then as he hits another random button, the beeping sudden stops...a screen lights up, shows A SUN SYMBOL -- a voice starts speaking, but it’s too buried in static to under
25) 2) dialog: Hello -- can you here me? Hello? Campion hits some more buttons -- suddenly the screen win out, the interior goes dark...an ominous humming -- the s of the thrusters coming to life outside -- Campion scrambles to climb out as the ship starts shaking
26) 0) text: Campion emerges from the hatch as the firing thrusters dislodges the craft from the outcropping -- Campion holds to the rope as the craft suddenly drops out from under hi Campion hangs from the rope -- it swings him into the wal SMASH -- he bounces off the wall, swings again -- gets hi feet planted on the wall, looks down, watching the craft drop, disappearing into the black, no sound of impact -- He takes a breath, then starts climbing back up -- walkin his feet on the vertical, hand over hand on the rope -- grunting, sweating -- He starts to run out of steam -- less than halfway up -- pauses, his feet on the wall -- getting his breath -- Then, Campion sees a flash of light way way down below -- then a vague impression of something large, slowly making way up the shaft when everything goes black again -- Campion’s face drops -- eyes filled with terror -- he s double timing it, hand over hand, walking up that wall -- using everything he’s got -- And as he does he starts to feel a strange wind -- or is breath -- blowing up from the pit, accompanied by a faint rumbling sound -- Horror twists Campion’s expression -- mumbling a desper prayer to himself as he pushes himself on -- more air gus up beneath him, the snake skin on the walls billowing -- 40.
27) 0) text: Campion climbs out, falls to the ground -- limbs shaking he hugs himself, writhing -- gagging; pushed his body way past its limit... After a moment he starts to catch his breath -- crawls to edge of the hole and peers down... Campion’s POV -- he sees only blackness -- it’s uncle really saw something down there or if he imagined it...
28) 0) text: Campion walks in, sees Mother is still right where he lef her. He walks up on her -- Campion leans in towards her, listens -- his eyes go wide hears a much stronger pulse than last time he checked -- its cadence has changed, to a powerful oscillating purr.. Mother opens her eyes -- her expression opaque as she loo up at Campion...
28) 1) dialog: Never heard your processor make that sound before. Are you feeling any better? She sits up -- looks out of it -- confused...
28) 4) dialog: No -- I don’t want to play that game anymore -- Campion’s POV -- Mother ignores him -- her eyes flash - becomes Father --
28) 5) dialog: Mother, no -- 41.
28) 7) dialog: Please stop --
29) 0) text: Mother drags Campion out into the freezing cold -- Campio shivering without his night gear --
29) 2) dialog: Please, Mother -- I’m freezing --
29) 4) dialog: Mother, it is dark -- you're not making any sense --
30) 0) text: Campion emerges from the barracks -- his eyes go wide... Sees Mother has pulled up almost all of the carbo plants the field is completely turned up, looks like someone attacked it with a back hoe -- he hears the sound of the door whacking in the wind...he turns, starts walking up o -- whack, whack -- 43. Campion stops, sees Mother has stuffed the silo with gian serpent vertebra --
30) 3) dialog: It’s OK...
30) 5) dialog: I’m sorry -- I think I did this. I just -- I can’t let you die, Mother...
30) 8) dialog: How can they fix you if they don’t know --
30) 18) dialog: Give them the good ones, Mother --
30) 22) dialog: What about your friend, isn’t he hungry?
30) 25) dialog: It’s just Mother and I. The three men take that in, exchange some looks.
30) 27) dialog: There were eight of us -- my Father just passed a couple days ago. Some more looks between the men...
30) 28) dialog: I like your clothes. What is that picture on your chest --
30) 30) dialog: You mean God?
30) 32) dialog: Maybe that’s why he doesn’t always listen to me -- I keep using his old name.
30) 50) dialog: Let them stay, Mother.
32) 12) dialog: What is that name you told them?
32) 14) dialog: You need to tell them what you are so they can help you. 51.
32) 16) dialog: You get all your information about Earth from your old implanted data -- you don’t have any idea what they’re really like. All we know for sure is your creator hated them. Well what if your creator was the bad guy?
32) 18) dialog: You aren’t listening to me --
32) 20) dialog: I am not your son. Mother doesn’t answer, keeps watching out the window -- pang of hurt in her eyes...
32) 25) dialog: She’s not a --
32) 28) dialog: You mean animal bones?
32) 31) dialog: Can Mother come too?
32) 33) dialog: I won’t go without her. She’s breaking down. It’s why I called you. Can you help fix her? Marcus pretends to consider that for a moment -- looks to feel for the boy, pangs of guilt showing in his eyes as -
32) 36) dialog: They're going to fix you. And you're going to let them. That’s all there is to it -- Campion looks past Mother at the doorway, sees Jinn just walked in -- he’s standing there, staring at them creep
32) 37) dialog: We're still talking -- can you -- Jinn walks calmly past Campion straight for Mother --
32) 39) dialog: 
33) 0) text: Marcus drags Campion away from the barracks --
33) 1) dialog: NO! DON’T HURT HER! Payen rushes over with the Cleric -- they assist Marcus - Campion kicking and thrashing as the three of them force to the ground and hold him -- the sounds of a struggle emanating from inside the barracks --
33) 4) dialog: Please don’t do this! Please -- Campion trails off as the sounds inside the barracks sudd go silent. All eyes are on the empty doorway -- but no on coming out... Campion prays under his breath that Mother will be the on walk out of there...but then horror fills his eyes as -- Jinn emerges from the open door, black blood splashed all over his clothes --
33) 5) dialog: 
47) 0) text: Campion sits in the field, crying -- it’s starting to g dark -- the cold is coming -- but he’s too upset to mov shivering -- And then he hears a booming sound in the sky -- he looks at the triangle of three moons -- and then he spots a fou light shimmering -- getting brighter and brighter -- It’s the ark -- descending in the far distance -- he lo sight of it as it gets lower...then he sees a light flash over the horizon as it crashes -- a distant booming sound it explodes on impact -- the ground shakes ever so slight 63.
48) 3) dialog: Mother? 64. The door opens the rest of the way -- Campion sees a youn girl’s silhouette...
48) 4) dialog: Mother? Are you doing that? The girl doesn’t answer -- then she looks at someone of the side Campion can’t see. Campion sits up, pulls his helmet off, eyes wide as he starts walking up on her... It’s the little girl we just saw look up at Mother -- w a scorched white uniform with a sun symbol on the chest - her eyes blown out with shock, shivering in the cold...
48) 5) dialog: Stop this, Mother -- Then Campion sees there are four more similarly dressed children standing out there with the girl -- five in all. They begin tentatively moving inside, desperate to get ou the cold -- all of them eying Campion nervously -- Baffled now, Campion reaches out, starts touching them li blind man -- discovers they’re solid, they’re real -- eyes go wide, wonder in his expression -- They stare back at him -- all in total shock. The little girl, VITA (6), two other girls -- HOLLY (15) and VRILLE (17). And two boys -- PAUL (12) and HUNTER (17).
48) 7) dialog: I'll go get you some nightgear from the nursery -- Campion rushes out into the cold, the door closes. The fi children look at each other, confused, terrified -- After a moment, Hunter motions to the others -- gets the of them to kneel in a circle, starts to lead them in pray
49) 0) text: Campion exits the barracks -- sees Mother across the way, loading something he can’t make out into the stolen Mit lander... She pauses, looks over at him for a moment -- Campion stands there looking back at her, stunned until.. Mother turns and walks into the lander, the door closes behind her. Campion watches as it hovers up, spins, then zooms over his head into the night sky...