30) 12) dialog: What is your faith?
30) 24) dialog: How many of you are there?
30) 29) dialog: You mean your parents never taught you about the Sol Invictus?
30) 31) dialog: That is his old name, but yes...
30) 33) dialog: You must show yourself holy and steadfast by undergoing the seven grades of initiation. You look like a strong boy -- a budding soldier of Sol. Our faith was first founded by soldiers in Earth’s first century -- members of the great Roman army --
30) 38) dialog: The new Eden. Sol’s gift to the faithful...
32) 0) text: The Cleric, Payen and Marcus sit in the semi-darkness -- wrapping night suits around themselves to stay warm.
32) 5) dialog: An orphan boy, who dwells in an empty land... Hearing that Payen’s eyes light up -- he exchanges a lo excitement with the Cleric --
33) 3) dialog: It’s not natural what they’ve done to you --
33) 9) dialog: Are you damaged -- let me take at look at you... The Cleric moves up on Jinn, touches his hands to Jinn’ when Jinn starts whispering something inaudible -- the Cl looks Jinn in his now flashing eyes --
33) 10) dialog: What did you say -- The Cleric finds he now can’t look away from Jinn’s s his body freezing up -- Jinn’s eyes -- just inches from Cleric’s now -- cycling strange colors as A HIGH PITCH EMITS FROM HIS MOUTH -- the tone is reminiscent of the si Mother heard in her dream -- Marcus, Campion and Payen all press their hands over thei ears as the tone gets higher, louder -- Veins start popping out on the Cleric’s forehead -- the gets higher, the Cleric watching the colors in Jinn’s e strobing -- the Cleric’s face turning purple until -- BOOM, THE CLERIC’S HEAD EXPLODES -- Marcus, Payen and Campion freeze up with shock as the Cleric’s now headless body crumples to the ground -- th now blood splattered Jinn starts slowly turning his head face them, his eyes flashing, cycling colors -- until -- They see it’s really Mother standing there splattered w blood; she was using her retinae display feature to disgu herself as Jinn. Seeing this, Marcus realizes something, starts fleeing in a frenzied panic, dragging Campion -- P right behind them, about to look back when --
41) 0) text: Mother walks down the long white hallway, vaguely temple- design to the ship -- sun symbols everywhere -- chanting She passes a prayer room -- where several people are on t knees praying -- a Cleric raising his upturned hands into air -- he glances at Mother -- Her eyes flash -- he crumples, starts weeping -- She keeps moving, past a windowed space -- dozens of empt hibernation pods inside --