2) 4) dialog: Yes -- you're right, Mother. Mother watches the lights pulse for a moment, then --
2) 6) dialog: What about you?
2) 11) dialog: My programming is telling me that itвЂ™s a priority for me, Mother. Your well being. Mother takes that in.
2) 14) dialog: Yes. They start peering around at the rocky plain -- those rou holes are everywhere...
2) 15) dialog: (re: the holes) TheyвЂ™re not craters...
2) 17) text: Mother and Father walk through the forest carrying the cr -- past strange trees, three moons worth of eerie moonlig They emerge into a large clearing where a waist high leaf plant grows -- reminiscent of a potato plant... They walk out among the plants -- the plants grow in a sp pattern reminiscent of the crop circles on Earth... Mother and Father set the steel crate down amidst the pla Father squats down and inspects one -- feeling the leaves with his hands -- then he pulls it up -- an ugly looking like vegetable comes out of the soil...
2) 19) dialog: With fruit characteristics -- seed- bearing. High caloric value. No evidence of toxicity to humans. Father spits out the chewed tuber-thing --
2) 20) dialog: (re: the tuber-thing) What should we call them?
2) 23) dialog: We've been walking for eight point five hours, Mother -- my power cells are getting low. Perhaps a more appropriate expression for this situation would be donвЂ™t look a gift horse in the mouth. She looks at him...he smiles...
2) 25) dialog: Yes, I seem to enjoy being amusing.
2) 27) dialog: Yes. So -- too good to be true? Should we keep moving?
2) 30) dialog: Main umbilical locked -- Father then starts pulling translucent sacks from a compartment in the mobile lab -- Mother begins attaching sacks to the six sub-cables --
3) 1) dialog: Are you ready, Mother? She doesnвЂ™t answer, eyes still closed --
3) 2) dialog: Would you like to hear a joke to help relax you? How many androids does it take to -- She holds her hand up for him to shut up -- then breathes out, opens her eyes, looks at him.. Father picks up a wooden knife -- moves up one of the wom with it -- He punctures the womb -- liquid leaks out while Father us his hands to tear away the walls, revealing the newborn b inside -- the babyвЂ™s umbilical chord is connected to a on the inside of the artificial womb, where it channels t sustenance it receives from the mobile lab -- Father pats the babyвЂ™s back -- Mother watching on with fevered intensity in her eyes...until the baby starts to -- and something like relief floods her expression. Father uses the wood knife to cut the babyвЂ™s umbilical ties off the belly button -- then wraps the crying baby i blanket and moves on to the next -- 8. Mother concentrates as Father works -- controlling the mo lab with her mind via the main umbilical -- sheвЂ™s getti paler, giving her children all she has to give...
3) 5) dialog: HeвЂ™s not breathing... Mother reaches her hands out --
3) 7) dialog: Our programming dictates that we break him down -- feed him to the others.
3) 9) dialog: We need to do it soon -- before its cells start to --
3) 11) dialog: You're just wasting formula -- Undeterred, Mother holds the end of the cable to the baby cold lips -- 9. Mother closes her eyes, commands a change in the mobile l inner workings -- causing a potent form of baby formula t start dribbling from the end of the cable -- Mother holds the tube to the babyвЂ™s mouth -- the formul dribbling down its chin -- Mother catching it, pushing it to his unresponsive lips. A quiet desperation pulses in Mother's eyes as she rubs t babyвЂ™s back. Father watches on, looking increasingly confused over why Mother is doing this --
3) 12) dialog: You need to save your energy for the others -- Mother ignores Father, starts singing to the baby -- her voice impossibly beautiful -- outfitted with a vocal rang superior to EarthвЂ™s greatest opera singers -- The other childrenвЂ™s crying goes quiet as the song soot them. Even Father looks momentarily entranced by the beau of MotherвЂ™s voice -- But the baby in MotherвЂ™s arms doesnвЂ™t react. After a Mother stops singing -- commands the mobile lab to stop t supply of milk -- takes the tube from the childвЂ™s mouth Father goes to take the baby from Mother -- when suddenly Mother reacts to something and pulls it back --
3) 14) dialog: Our programming dictates that the youngest member of gen-1 should be named after our creator...
4) 0) text: CAMPION, now 12 -- kneeling in the dirt, his handmade clothing tattered and worn. He has a scrappiness to him, soulful eyes -- think River Phoenix in Stand By Me. He di his hand down into the loose soil -- pushing it down... He pulls a carbo out of the ground -- only this one looks bad, petrified -- Campion tosses it into a wooden cart fu of similarly shitty looking carbos -- He digs his hand into the dirt again -- pushing it down d this time -- feeling around -- pulls out a nice big one - smiles, carefully places it in the cart -- Campion starts pushing the cart -- one of the wheels is wobbling, squeaking as he goes. HeвЂ™s sweating; itвЂ™s h during the day here and below freezing at night. He glanc over at the nursery as he passes it -- Through its open doorway he sees Father sitting in the se darkness -- stripping plant fibers with a wooden knife. Campion sets aside the good carbo, then transfers the oth from the cart; tossing them into a ten foot tall CARBO SI He then sets the good carbo on a wooden table, quickly pe the skin off with a wooden knife, then he chops it, pulls the pit -- looks like a jagged black golf ball -- tosses on to a pile of discarded pits -- Father emerges from the nursery, and though his visage ha aged, his body shows signs of heavy use -- his right arm still wrapped up like a mummy from that accident he had y ago -- lots of old nicks on his face -- He watches on as Campion cuts up the carbo, then arranges pieces lovingly on a wooden plate. Then Campion bows his head, murmuring something inaudible under his breath -- l to be blessing the food when --
4) 1) dialog: Campion. Campion turns -- didnвЂ™t notice Father standing there -- a little caught... 12.
4) 2) dialog: DonвЂ™t let Mother catch you doing that. Campion gives Father a nod, then heads inside the childre barracks with the food -- INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS Campion enters, sees Spiria, also now 12, sitting up ina wooden cot talking to Mother. Spiria is pale, circles und her eyes -- looks very ill -- Campion crosses the space to them, past four disused wood cots leaning against the wall -- Gabin now deceased; Camp and Spiria are the only two left. As he gets closer Campion hears Mother talking to Spiria, Mother is digitally altering her voice so it sounds ident to Gabin's:
5) 0) text: The triangle of moons looms overhead. Cold rushing wind - fluted wooden chimes hang from the childrenвЂ™s barracks, whistling -- angle widens to reveal... The wooden cart, turned over -- Father working to repair wobbly wheel in the darkness. He spins it, watching it -- shakes his head, itвЂ™s still wobbling -- HeвЂ™s about to start making another adjustment, when he glances up at the three moons and notices something... Father stands up, sees what looks like a fourth moon -- b itвЂ™s moving -- looks like a large ship orbiting the pla Father's eyes go wide, transfixed by the sight of it... +e
5) 4) text: INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER Father enters to see Campion sleeping in his NIGHT GEAR: full body suit Mother and Father recently developed to protect their remaining children from the regionвЂ™s brut cold nights -- complete with a soft helmet-type thing, it amber colored visor shield made from a hard translucent l Angle widens to reveal Mother (Mother and Father donвЂ™t to wear night gear) sitting beside a sleeping Spiria who' also wearing night gear... Father looks like heвЂ™s about to tell her what he saw wh
6) 0) text: The alien sun rises over the horizon -- we float down on settlement, the childrenвЂ™s barracks -- Campion walking the door, looking dazed... INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS Father is about to follow Campion outside when he stops a the door, turns and looks back at Mother... He canвЂ™t see her face, her hair hanging down -- sheвЂ™s cradling SpiriaвЂ™s body -- still singing, only now itвЂ™ strange melodic whisper...
6) 1) dialog: Mother, last night before I came in, I... She goes quiet, looks up at him...
6) 3) dialog: Nothing -- itвЂ™s not important. But we can tell from his expression that it is. She looks back down at Spiria, starts singing in that whisper again
7) 0) text: Father walks out to see Campion looking washed out with grief, pulling a wooden spade from a tool bin. Father wal over to him -- Campion hands Father the spade...
8) 0) text: Campion follows after Father as he cuts through the spira rows, making their way to the outskirts, revealing... Four large stone markers -- too heavy for humans to have carried; Mother and Father brought them from the rocky pl We notice the fourth and most recent grave marker is etch with a familiar name -- GABIN. Father starts digging a fi grave right beside it while Campion watches on... 18.
8) 2) dialog: What do you mean by that?
8) 4) dialog: We will continue to take care of you -- until we break down.
8) 6) dialog: It doesnвЂ™t work like that -- BUMP -- the wooden shovel hits something buried in the di Father cocks his head, squats down -- starts clearing dir away with his hands --
8) 8) dialog: ItвЂ™s just a skull. Father looks up at Campion, sees him looking afraid...
8) 9) dialog: Bones canвЂ™t hurt you. You used to like climbing on them, remember? Campion shrugs...
8) 10) dialog: We've been here twelve years and all that time weвЂ™ve never seen one on the surface. TheyвЂ™re down in their holes -- and theyвЂ™re not coming out again. 19. We see Father from above as he starts trying to find the edges of the skull --
9) 0) text: Mother carries SpiriaвЂ™s body to the outskirts of the pl area -- angle widens to reveal the open grave Father just and in the background, something the size of a VW bug cov with a cloth tarp, the now exhumed skull... Father and Campion watch on as Mother lays Spiria down in grave. Father begins shoveling the dirt over as -- Campion starts crying, Mother pulls him close, comforting as he looks off, eyeing the skull under the tarp...
9) 6) dialog: I donвЂ™t know -- (to Mother) Let me help you back to the barracks, Mother. Mother shakes her head, starts to steady herself, standin her own now -- she wipes the black blood from her face --
9) 8) dialog: Mother --
10) 0) text: Father pauses at the window, sees Mother inside talking t Campion -- to Father it just looks like Mother is sitting there talking to the boy; only Campion -- whose retinae a receiving the projection directly -- can see the illusion Father turns from the window, starts beelining for the nursery --
11) 0) text: A blurred repetitive motion -- hard to discern what it is first...then as the angle widens we reveal itвЂ™s Fatherв hands -- braiding together long pieces of plant fiber -- working at an incredible pace... He looks to be making a rope... Angle widens some more as he works...revealing the old mo lab in the background -- dust covered, partially stripped parts. And on the walls there are old drawings made by th children over the years: the alien forest, giant serpent bones, Mother and Father, the children themselves, and th holes...depicted with serpents slithering out of them...
14) 0) text: Campion grabs a carbo pit off the pile -- looks at it in hand -- his expression twisted with grief -- He hurls it at the side of the main barracks -- CRACK. He picks up another one, hurls it -- CRACK -- He pauses, staring at the barracks, waiting for Mother to come out and yell at him. But she doesnвЂ™t -- he walks b to the window, looks inside, sees she hasnвЂ™t moved -- Campion starts back towards the spiral field when he sees something across the way...Father slipping off into the forest with a big bag over his shoulder. Campion considers...
15) 0) text: Father moves through the alien forest, carrying the bag - purpose in his eyes as he moves past us... 24. Then after a moment, we hear footsteps -- Campion creeps following Father -- Campion skillfully negotiating the terrain like the native he is...
16) 0) text: CampionвЂ™s POV -- rushing across the rocky plain now -- skirts past the edge of a hole, then changes direction to avoid yet another -- secretly following Father, who's fif yards ahead of him -- Campion stops short -- sees Father has stopped near a hol Campion ducks down behind some rocks -- then peeks over t top, watching as...Father pulls a long coiled rope from t bag, then starts tying one end of the rope to a large bou about ten feet from the hole... Close on CampionвЂ™s face -- looking increasingly concern what he sees Father doing, keeps watching as -- Father walks to the edge of the hole, drops the now ancho rope down into the pit -- begins tying a harness to himse with a small length of rope -- Realizing now what Father means to do -- Campion stands u starts waving his arms as he runs frantically up behind h
16) 2) dialog: Why isnвЂ™t Mother watching you? Campion hears a faint beeping sound coming from down insi the hole...
16) 6) dialog: Campion, I need you to listen to me. Your Mother is breaking down -- and soon I will too --
16) 8) dialog: You're going to be alone soon. Completely alone. Do you want that? Campion doesnвЂ™t answer at first, then looking ashamed h shakes his head...
16) 9) dialog: The night Spiria died, I saw something in the sky. I was unsure at first, but that sound youвЂ™re hearing means itвЂ™s true -- the ark of the Mithraic has arrived and is now orbiting the planet. IвЂ™m going down there to transmit an SOS...so they can locate our position.
16) 11) dialog: One boy cannot build a society. I now think itвЂ™s best if we make contact -- so that when Mother and I are gone, you will be taken care of.
16) 13) dialog: They are all thatвЂ™s left of mankind, Campion. Your kind. The war is over. An ark carries only a hundred or so people -- they will need all the help they can get. We have valuable knowledge to offer them that will aid in their survival here. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26. Campion takes that in, considers grimly while --
16) 14) dialog: You will have to pretend to ascribe to their beliefs, but I expect that won't be so difficult for you. I know contemplating a deity provides you with some comfort... Based on CampionвЂ™s expression, Father is right, then something occurs to Campion -- his eyes light up --
16) 16) dialog: That is likely within their power, but Campion... Father looks down at Campion, about to say something else but stops himself when he sees how CampionвЂ™s face has l at the possibility of his parents being saved...
16) 18) dialog: Yes, we will all stay together... But you cannot tell Mother. Not yet. Do you understand?
16) 20) dialog: When itвЂ™s too late for her to stop us.
16) 22) dialog: We only told you the pits were full of serpents to keep you children from playing near them. (MORE )
16) 24) dialog: After what happened to Tally we couldnвЂ™t afford to take any chances... Campion takes that in, looks a bit outraged, then:
16) 26) dialog: The serpents are real, Campion, they just happen to be extinct. CampionвЂ™s POV -- watching Father, slowly descending int hole, getting smaller...
19) 0) text: FatherвЂ™s POV -- still slowly rappelling down into the h heвЂ™s almost reached the craft -- He notices something tattered hanging off the walls -- it scaly...looks like sloughed serpent skin. He looks up, se Campion looking small peering down at him over the edge.. Father looks back at the shed skin -- touches it with his fingers...it crumbles to dust -- seemingly ancient. Then heвЂ™s about to recommence his descent Father pauses, loo up...sensing something... Back to Campion -- whoвЂ™s reacting to a plaintive tearin sound -- he turns, looks over at the rock where the rope anchored, sees itвЂ™s starting to fray --
19) 2) dialog: I know. IвЂ™m coming back up -- Father starts climbing back up the rope while Campion eye the fraying section -- considering anxiously until -- He rushes over and grabs the rope, anchors his foot on a rock, now positioned a few feet from the edge where Fathe canвЂ™t see him -- Back to Father quickly making his way back up when he sen the vibration of Campion grabbing the rope --
19) 3) dialog: Keep your hands off it! You can not hold my weight. I will just pull you down with me. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 29. Back to Campion -- as he ignores his Father, keeps hold o the rope --
19) 5) dialog: Let go of the rope, Campion! Back to Father, now that Campion is in danger, rather tha just himself, Father shows worry -- climbing faster -- al to the top now -- Back to Campion, gripping the rope tight with both hands he looks to the fraying section, itвЂ™s just tendrils now coming apart -- SNAP -- Campion gets dragged across the ground towards the edge o the hole, about to get pulled down inside when -- SMASH - gets his body wrapped around a rock, it stops him -- Father scrambles from the hole, rushes over to Campion --
19) 6) dialog: Are you injured? Campion shakes his head -- wincing, body bruised from his collision with the rock --
19) 7) dialog: I told you not to grab the rope. Campion grunts as he sits up. Father looks down at him wi something like pride, then --
19) 9) dialog: Looked old, but without proper analysis you canвЂ™t be sure...
19) 11) dialog: Just some shed serpent skin I noticed down there... Father eyes Campion as CampionвЂ™s bravery deflates, but before he snaps back and gives Father a dubious look -- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 30.
19) 13) dialog: ItвЂ™s too dangerous, Campion. Especially for a member of an endangered species. Now come on -- Campion breathes out and follows after Father...
19) 15) dialog: Mother?
20) 0) text: Father opens the door, the light from outside illuminatin the darkened space revealing... The old mobile lab is smashed on the floor...Mother sits the corner, shaking, her knees pulled to her chest...
20) 2) dialog: Your spatial sensors are probably misfiring... This should be happening to me, not you -- youвЂ™re by far the more advanced model. (MORE )
20) 4) dialog: You need to let me do a systems check on you -- Mother shakes her head --
20) 5) dialog: It could help extend your functioning. She doesnвЂ™t answer. He looks at her, getting frustrated
20) 6) dialog: Do you want to cease operating, Mother? I cannot help you if you refuse to help yourself. She avoids his stare -- then after a moment he gets up an exits. Mother looks over at Campion lying across the way, crying softly... CampionвЂ™s POV through the visor of his sleep helmet as sits down beside him --
21) 0) text: The giant serpent skull -- no longer covered with the tar itвЂ™s menacing fangs now revealed, empty socket eyes -- the background we see Father working in the moonlight -- HeвЂ™s braiding together a heavier rope. After a moment h abruptly freezes his hands in mid-motion, hears someone walking towards him through the sprial field... He goes to hide the rope -- but too late -- Mother emerge from the field, glaring at him accusingly -- sees the rop knows instantly what it means --
21) 4) dialog: I attempted to --
21) 6) dialog: TheyвЂ™re here, Mother... Mother takes that in, tensing...
21) 8) dialog: I knew you would try to stop me from transmitting our location.
21) 10) dialog: We no longer have any hope of increasing our numbers -- there is only Campion. And when we break down, he will be alone. He needs to be with other humans. Even if the Mithraic are delusional, he will be better off with them than with no one. WeвЂ™ve both seen it -- each death he suffers pushes him further towards belief. After all our teachings, itвЂ™s the only thing that eases his suffering. Mother shakes her head, trembling with mounting disturban
21) 12) dialog: We came here with twenty-four viable embryos and twelve years later we have only one child --
21) 14) dialog: Our creator overestimated our abilities -- Mother is shaking now -- eyes shining with denial and rag
21) 15) dialog: We failed him, Mother -- and we have failed our children --
21) 17) dialog: Let me help you. Please, Mother -- He grabs her, tries to steady her -- sees black blood lea not just from her nose, but also from her ears -- and ben her eyes like black tears as she writhes in his arms, act like her bodyвЂ™s on fire -- Father drags Mother to the ground a few feet away from th giant snake skull -- starts pressing his fingers into her neck -- trying to find a specific lever under the skin to force her into sleep mode --
21) 18) dialog: Sleep, Mother -- sleep -- Mother starts thrashing like a rabid rodeo bull -- Father loses his hold on her and then in a flash -- Mother flips Father off of her -- CRACK -- a strange surprised look on his face, black blood dribbles from his mouth -- angle widens to reveal sheвЂ™s impaled him on th giant serpent skullвЂ™s lower fangs --
21) 19) dialog: Mother, IвЂ™m damaged -- help me back to the barracks --
28) 6) dialog: Do you want to hear a joke? How many androids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
28) 8) dialog: How many? Campion refuses to answer -- FatherвЂ™s face turns angry
28) 9) dialog: Five! The number five relates to all manifestations of life. I have five children buried in the ground -- in the ground... FatherвЂ™s visage goes disturbingly blank -- then -- his flash -- he turns back to Mother -- Mother grabs Campion, starts pulling him towards the door
35) 0) text: Marcus rushes across the craggy expanse -- beelining for LANDER -- a short range shuttle thatвЂ™s sitting near the where Mother and FatherвЂ™s ship went down. Marcus rushes up on the landerвЂ™s side door, mumbling a to himself as he keeps glancing back over his shoulder --
50) 0) text: An overhead canopy of strangely shaped leaves -- we hear Mother humming a strange but beautiful song as we descend through the layers and emerge out the bottom to see below -- Father lying face down on the ground, Mother hunched o working on him -- then after a moment -- Mother pauses, gets up -- revealing FatherвЂ™s back is op up, skin pinned back -- his hard plastic spine visible, l like she replaced part of it with mismatching spare parts Close on an ostrich egg-looking thing -- an orphic proces -- similar to the one Mother pulled from FatherвЂ™s insid partially wrapped in a giant leaf -- MotherвЂ™s hands rea down and -- very carefully -- she lifts it up... Mother kneels down beside Father and carefully installs t new processor inside his torso...
50) 6) dialog: If you want me to remain calm, Mother...then why are you reactivating me? FatherвЂ™s POV the pixelation is starting to normalize -- image becoming clearer -- revealing Mother has a piece of cloth wrapped around her eyes, black blood soaking throug
50) 7) dialog: Your eyes...
50) 9) dialog: The children?