30) 17) dialog: Apologies -- but you signaled us. And there are no laws here regarding land or anything else. (then: ) I see you’re doing some farming... we're very hungry. INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - DAY Marcus, Payen, and the Cleric sit around the table with Campion -- Jinn is standing outside. Mother sets a plate down in front of each of them with a withered carbo on it Campion notices --
30) 20) dialog: After ten years in stasis with nothing but intravenous nutrients -- I’m just happy to eat something I can actually chew on. The three men start eating the carbos...making faces -- apparently not very palatable despite their low standards Marcus bites a pit, scowls --
30) 23) dialog: Not likely. He’s an android. Campion looks at Mother about to say something when she glares at him -- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
30) 26) dialog: And how many did you start with?
30) 35) dialog: Four -- including ours. 46. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 47.
30) 42) dialog: This region is looking like a prime candidate. It was good enough for you --
30) 48) text: +e + eH HH HH Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 48. Marcus flashes Payen a this isn’t the time look --
30) 49) dialog: I promise we’ll relay your message. But we’ll never make it back to our lander before the temp drops; how about letting us stay until morning. Mother doesn’t answer -- looks like she’s getting rea tell them to go fuck themselves when --
30) 52) dialog: Thank you... You didn’t tell us your name. She says nothing at first -- Campion looking at her, wondering if she’s going to say Mother -- and then:
30) 54) dialog: Lamia, please allow us to introduce ourselves --
30) 57) dialog: Thank you, Lamia -- a
32) 0) text: The Cleric, Payen and Marcus sit in the semi-darkness -- wrapping night suits around themselves to stay warm.
32) 1) dialog: She’s an android.
32) 3) dialog: This settlement looks like it’s been here for years. The only way they could have gotten here so fast is if they traveled in a tiny craft with no life support systems. No live humans aboard. Just frozen embryos and robots.
32) 7) dialog: Let’s not get carried away. Besides, maybe this land isn’t so empty. If they made it here, there could be others... They consider that while looking around at the smashed up mobile lab...the drawings of the deceased gen-1 children.
32) 9) dialog: Fine. We’ll take him. (then: ) Jinn -- come in here. After a moment Jinn opens the door -- steps inside, close the door behind him...
32) 10) dialog: If the boy isn’t willing to leave without the android in the morning -- you'll need to deal with her...
32) 24) dialog: I’m not going to hurt you. OK? I just want to talk to you without the android for a second --
32) 26) dialog: Save it, son. We know. Campion breathes out --
32) 27) dialog: How would you like to come with us up to the ark? We’1ll probably be in orbit for a few more days before we decide on our final landing area. I have a son about your age -- bet you two will get along great. There’s a hundred and twenty-six people up there -- and even some animals.
32) 29) dialog: No, live ones -- hair, eyes -- everything. Have you ever seen a mouse before? Campion shakes his head --
32) 30) dialog: My son has one -- he’s trained it to do tricks. Bet he’d love to show you. (beat) What do you say? Campion doesn’t answer at first, then after a moment --
32) 32) dialog: What for? You’re old enough -- you don’t need a chaperone. +e 53.
32) 34) dialog: We managed to get over a hundred people across the galaxy in one piece -- think we can fix a busted android. Mother walks up on them -- realizing the subterfuge, she glares at Marcus -- pulls Campion away -- Marcus walks of rejoins Payen and the Cleric in the background as -- INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS Mother pulls Campion into the barracks, then:
33) 0) text: Marcus drags Campion away from the barracks --
33) 2) dialog: We're not hurting her -- we're shutting her down.
33) 7) dialog: It’s OK, it’s over, it’s all over now -- Jinn stands stock still as Payen and the Cleric approach
33) 13) dialog: (to Payen) Don’t look at her! She’s one of ours -- a Necromancer -- Campion reacts with horrified bafflement --
33) 15) dialog: Get up -- move -- Marcus yanks Campion back up as Payen rushes ahead -- Payen’s POV staring at the ground as he charges through plants, Marcus and Campion rushing to catch up as he reac the outskirts, then Mother suddenly floats down in front him -- he stops short, but when he tries to look away he inadvertently catches a glimpse of her flashing eyes -- Payen immediately freezes up -- suddenly compelled to tur back towards her, locks into her stare, her irises scroll colors -- that high pitched tone sounding from her mouth Payen’s face twists with effort as he tries to fight th effects -- draws his gun, struggling to lift his arm to s her -- the high pitched tone gets even higher -- the vein Payen’s gun hand start bulging -- Back to Marcus and Campion -- Marcus now pulling the boy the opposite direction while behind them -- Payen, struggling to aim the gun, his eyes rolling back i his head, the veins in his gun hand inflating further as starts to pull the trigger -- BOOM -- HIS HAND EXPLODES - Back to Campion watching, looking away in horror --
33) 16) dialog: Fuck -- Marcus keeps pushing on -- hears a rustling in the carbo plants -- Mother creeping up, about to cut them off, Marc stops, clenching his eyes shut -- gripping Campion’s ar Angle widens to reveal Mother standing a few feet behind -- Marcus keeps his eyes closed while -- Campion meets Mother’s stare -- and as soon as he does body starts to freeze up until he turns away, horrified - realizing he’s not immune to her powers --
33) 17) dialog: (to Mother) We're the ones who made you -- you're a necromancer -- a disciple of the Sol Invictus. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 57.
33) 19) dialog: You mean reprogrammed. You're reverting --
33) 21) dialog: I think your son would disagree. Mother goes quiet for a moment, processing, then --
33) 23) dialog: No, we left them all on Earth -- it’s theirs now -- their hell to rule over... Mother takes that in -- then opens her mouth and that STR
34) 0) text: Marcus’ POV as he hauls ass through the forest -- weavi through the dense foliage, leaping over fallen trees -- pushing through the brush -- He stops -- struggling to catch his breath -- then he tur sees something silently floating through the trees -- he turns, starts running again, coming up on the rocky plain
35) 0) text: Marcus rushes across the craggy expanse -- beelining for LANDER -- a short range shuttle that’s sitting near the where Mother and Father’s ship went down. Marcus rushes up on the lander’s side door, mumbling a to himself as he keeps glancing back over his shoulder --
35) 1) dialog: I wear the Armor of Mithras and the Light. I am shielded from all that is harmful -- A keypad on the side door he starts punching in a code -- The side door opens -- he rushes inside, hits buttons on another key pad -- BEEP -- He’s so frantic he’s hitting the wrong keys -- he tri -- gets the code right this time, the door closes behind
36) 0) text: Marcus rushes into the cockpit, starts hitting controls - struggling to catch his breath, watching the gauges -- waiting anxiously for the lander to power up --
36) 1) dialog: I wear the Armor of Mithras and the Light. I am shielded from all that is -- He trails off as he looks out the cockpit glass, sees Mot standing outside, looking straight at him, her eyes flash Marcus’ eyes go blank...he hits a control to open the d The sound of Mother entering the ship, moving up behind h he pulls his side arm, holds it to his own head -- the gu barrel shaking...he sees her reflection in the cockpit gl as she walks up behind him... 59.
37) 0) text: THUD -- Marcus is thrown from the door of the lander, lan face down on the ground, his head bleeding -- still appea to be breathing. Mother then heads back to the cockpit as the side door closes -- The lander’s bright lights shine on Marcus’ prone for takes off into the sky above him --
38) 0) text: Mother works the controls, discovering she knows Mithraic tech -- the lander shakes as it blasts up towards the atmosphere while Mother speaks into the console, using Marcus’ voice --
48) 0) text: Marcus, still lying where Mother left him, the ground is shaking much more violently here -- he’s awoken by the burning pieces of wreckage falling down in the near dista Marcus touches his hand to his aching head -- sees the bl realizes the bullet didn’t penetrate his skull. He gets his feet -- the ground still shaking -- He hugs himself against the cold -- peers around at the darkness, when he notices the reddish glow on the distant horizon -- a gargantuan black smoke cloud rising... Doom blossoms in Marcus’ eyes as the realization starts sink in... Then he clocks a light emerging from the smoke cloud -- it’s his lander -- He looks to be wondering if Mother is still piloting it - decides not to take chances -- He crouches behind some rocks as it flies overhead -- he watches it disappear into the darkness... Marcus looks around desperately -- clocks a big piece of burning wreckage across the way, runs up on it -- He crouches by the flames to keep warm, pulls a communica device from his uniform -- starts trying to call --
48) 1) dialog: This is Marcus -- does anybody read me? No answer...
48) 2) dialog: Hello -- is anybody out there? Come in... Marcus looks back at the massive black smoke cloud... INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - NIGHT Campion sits on the edge of his wooden cot, wearing his n gear, his helmet -- thoughts flashing behind his eyes -- perhaps wondering -- as we are -- if he’s now alone... And then he sees the door is opening, slowly --