2) 5) dialog: All the embryos are intact... Father nods...something occurs to him, then:
2) 7) dialog: What? +e
2) 10) dialog: Minor mechanical issues. Why do you ask?
2) 12) dialog: And yours will be mine, Father. After a moment the two of them smile at each other.
2) 13) dialog: I feel optimistic.
2) 16) dialog: Maybe sink holes of some kind. This area could be unstable... They look around...see a hilly, forested region looming a miles away. They look at each other, an unspoken agreemen is made, then -- They each grab a crate handle, lift it up and start walki while we remain... We move over the holeвЂ™s black abyss -- see the craftвЂ™ flashing a hundred feet below...
2) 17) text: Mother and Father walk through the forest carrying the cr -- past strange trees, three moons worth of eerie moonlig They emerge into a large clearing where a waist high leaf plant grows -- reminiscent of a potato plant... They walk out among the plants -- the plants grow in a sp pattern reminiscent of the crop circles on Earth... Mother and Father set the steel crate down amidst the pla Father squats down and inspects one -- feeling the leaves with his hands -- then he pulls it up -- an ugly looking like vegetable comes out of the soil...
2) 18) dialog: Looks like a tuber. Father bites it, chews it -- bites something hard -- spit out a hard pit --
2) 21) dialog: The children should name them. Father nods in agreement. The two of them look around at wide expanse of plants...
2) 22) dialog: Ready made crops. WhatвЂ™s the expression -- too good to be true... Father considers that for a moment, then:
2) 24) dialog: Father, though we have only just met -- I have a feeling you are going to make for an amusing companion. Father stares at her for a moment, then:
2) 26) dialog: And I -- it seems -- enjoy being amused. Our creator was kind to think of these things.
2) 28) dialog: No, we can begin. Mother touches her hand to the top of the crate -- it hum starts vibrating, bright lights emit as -- The top and the sides of the steel crate slowly open up - interior mechanisms unfolding as it transform into some k of MOBILE LABORATORY... Mother touches one of several tiny control screens --
2) 29) dialog: Initiating trimester one -- Father begins pulling something from a compartment in the mobile lab...six cables that merge into one main -- Mother lifts the shirt of her flight suit -- revealing a metallic port hole where her belly button should be... Father plugs the main line into the port on her stomach - Mother is now hooked up to the mobile lab --
3) 0) text: Mother lies on a wooden cot looking drained -- angle wide to reveal sheвЂ™s still connected to the mobile lab via t main umbilical, controlling the labвЂ™s flow of nutrients her mind -- the nutrients are carried from the lab via a pulsing cable that splits off into six sub-cables, each connected to: Six semi-translucent beach ball-looking things filled wit amniotic fluid -- artificial wombs -- a real nine month o human fetus floats inside of each one... Mother closes her eyes, directing the lab to increase the flow of nutrients to the fetuses; the time has almost com
3) 6) dialog: Give him to me --
3) 8) dialog: Let me hold him first -- Mother keeps reaching her arms out, imploring him with he eyes. After a moment Father hands her the still baby...
3) 10) dialog: I know -- Mother grabs up one of the six sub-cables snaking from th mobile lab --
3) 13) dialog: Wait -- Father backs off as Mother starts rocking the baby gently The babyвЂ™s eyes finally open -- staring up into Motherв -- Mother smiles down at the baby as her irises start cyc colors in this pleasing, hypnotic way -- The baby coos at the sight of the colors -- love swelling MotherвЂ™s expression as she rocks the child -- Father smiles...
3) 15) dialog: Campion. A strong name... He seems deserving of it... 10. Father begins tending to the other babies -- taking the umbilical cables that were attached to their womb sacks - feeding them into the babyвЂ™s mouths for suckling...
4) 4) dialog: (in GabinвЂ™s voice) The serpents are coming to eat you, Spiria!
4) 6) dialog: (in GabinвЂ™s voice) No, you are -- Spiria giggles -- sees Campion walking up on them --
4) 11) dialog: (in GabinвЂ™s voice) No, you're doing it wrong -- itвЂ™s like this -- Mother -- in GabinвЂ™s voice -- makes a comical, lisping hissing sound to Campion and SpiriaвЂ™s delight. They all laugh -- Mother's voice reverts back to normal mid-laugh
4) 12) dialog: Alright you two -- itвЂ™s time for education. Spiria and Campion make faces --
4) 13) dialog: Would you rather Father teaches today? With his added jokes I estimate it will take three times as long. Campion, itвЂ™s your turn * to choose a topic -- *
4) 17) dialog: It is normal for a male your age. Why donвЂ™t you start by telling us *
4) 20) dialog: Good. And, Spiria, what was the name of the barbaric weapon the Mithraic used this technology to create?
4) 22) dialog: Very good, Spiria. But despite their advancements the Mithraic remain stunted by the tenets of their religion. For instance, they believe that allowing androids to raise human children is a sin. Which forced them to send an ark outfitted with stasis pods, rather than a lighter, faster craft, such as the one the atheists so wisely used to send us. She glares at Campion --
4) 23) dialog: Belief in the unreal can comfort the human mind, but it also weakens it. The civilization you're seeding here will be built on humanity's belief in itself, not an imagined deity. And should the MithraicвЂ™s ark ever make it here, you will not listen to their words; you instead will remember the illogic of their actions. You are atheists, peaceful, technocratic -- it is the only path to progress. a
4) 28) dialog: Their ark only carries a hundred or so people, they canвЂ™t claim much more than a few square miles. And the electromagnetic field near the equator prevents them from landing there just as it prevented Father and I. It will be a long arduous migration on foot for whomever attempts it -- but it matters little who makes the journey first. ThereвЂ™s plenty of space for all. Campion takes that in, seems to understand, but he still looks worried as Mother moves on with the lesson --
4) 29) dialog: Now, Spiria, can you please list the ways in which the number five relates to all manifestations of life --
5) 4) text: INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER Father enters to see Campion sleeping in his NIGHT GEAR: full body suit Mother and Father recently developed to protect their remaining children from the regionвЂ™s brut cold nights -- complete with a soft helmet-type thing, it amber colored visor shield made from a hard translucent l Angle widens to reveal Mother (Mother and Father donвЂ™t to wear night gear) sitting beside a sleeping Spiria who' also wearing night gear... Father looks like heвЂ™s about to tell her what he saw wh
5) 5) dialog: Father. Her heart is slowing --
6) 0) text: The alien sun rises over the horizon -- we float down on settlement, the childrenвЂ™s barracks -- Campion walking the door, looking dazed... INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS Father is about to follow Campion outside when he stops a the door, turns and looks back at Mother... He canвЂ™t see her face, her hair hanging down -- sheвЂ™s cradling SpiriaвЂ™s body -- still singing, only now itвЂ™ strange melodic whisper...
6) 2) dialog: What, Father? He considers for a moment, then, instead of telling her:
8) 0) text: Campion follows after Father as he cuts through the spira rows, making their way to the outskirts, revealing... Four large stone markers -- too heavy for humans to have carried; Mother and Father brought them from the rocky pl We notice the fourth and most recent grave marker is etch with a familiar name -- GABIN. Father starts digging a fi grave right beside it while Campion watches on... 18.
9) 0) text: Mother carries SpiriaвЂ™s body to the outskirts of the pl area -- angle widens to reveal the open grave Father just and in the background, something the size of a VW bug cov with a cloth tarp, the now exhumed skull... Father and Campion watch on as Mother lays Spiria down in grave. Father begins shoveling the dirt over as -- Campion starts crying, Mother pulls him close, comforting as he looks off, eyeing the skull under the tarp...
9) 2) dialog: They wouldnвЂ™t want you to give up. After a moment Campion nods, opens his eyes -- showing so renewed strength now -- wiping his tears, trying to put o brave face --
9) 3) dialog: You are -- strong, Campion -- Campion hears Mother trailing off in an odd way -- he loo up at her, sees black blood trickling from her nose, her have gone static -- looks like sheвЂ™s having a seizure -
9) 7) dialog: IвЂ™m alright. Just overloaded...
9) 9) dialog: Please -- continue... Father and Campion look at her -- worried. She implores Father with her eyes --
9) 10) dialog: Continue -- After a moment Father picks the spade back up, starts shoveling dirt into the grave -- glancing over at Mother Campion -- grim worry creasing his expression...
9) 12) dialog: Do you want to talk? Campion considers for a moment, then:
9) 14) dialog: (talking as Spiria) Campion -- you poor boy, you look exhausted. You need to get some sleep.
9) 16) dialog: (talking as Spiria) If you donвЂ™t sleep you wonвЂ™t be able to concentrate on all the important work you have to do.
9) 18) dialog: No, she wouldnвЂ™t.
9) 23) dialog: I didnвЂ™t know I could. I have no record of virtual retinal display in my build description. (MORE )
9) 25) dialog: Likely an oversight on the part of my creator.
10) 0) text: Father pauses at the window, sees Mother inside talking t Campion -- to Father it just looks like Mother is sitting there talking to the boy; only Campion -- whose retinae a receiving the projection directly -- can see the illusion Father turns from the window, starts beelining for the nursery --
11) 0) text: A blurred repetitive motion -- hard to discern what it is first...then as the angle widens we reveal itвЂ™s Fatherв hands -- braiding together long pieces of plant fiber -- working at an incredible pace... He looks to be making a rope... Angle widens some more as he works...revealing the old mo lab in the background -- dust covered, partially stripped parts. And on the walls there are old drawings made by th children over the years: the alien forest, giant serpent bones, Mother and Father, the children themselves, and th holes...depicted with serpents slithering out of them...
13) 0) text: Campion steps inside, sees Mother sitting in the semi- darkness, staring into space...
13) 3) dialog: I am in sleep mode. My processor is occupied. Is this an emergency? He breathes out...then after a moment he turns, walks out slams the door behind him --
14) 0) text: Campion grabs a carbo pit off the pile -- looks at it in hand -- his expression twisted with grief -- He hurls it at the side of the main barracks -- CRACK. He picks up another one, hurls it -- CRACK -- He pauses, staring at the barracks, waiting for Mother to come out and yell at him. But she doesnвЂ™t -- he walks b to the window, looks inside, sees she hasnвЂ™t moved -- Campion starts back towards the spiral field when he sees something across the way...Father slipping off into the forest with a big bag over his shoulder. Campion considers...
17) 0) text: A shadow grows on the nursery door -- angle widens to rev itвЂ™s Mother, but she looks like sheвЂ™s still in sleep sleep walking -- she pushes the door open, moves inside..
18) 0) text: Close on Mother, sheвЂ™s doing something with her hands - we canвЂ™t see what -- then as she settles we move into h staring eyes, into her digital mind... SheвЂ™s remembering when she was hooked up to the six wom sacks, watching the babies floating in the amniotic fluid Back to MotherвЂ™s static eyes as she continues to dream expression softening...angle widens and we reveal what sh was doing with her hands when she came in; sheвЂ™s hooked herself up to the old broken-down mobile lab -- its main umbilical and the six sub cables attached to nothing -- But in her dream all six wombs are there -- closer on one the womb sacks, the caul covering the fetusвЂ™ face -- it Campion -- the amniotic fluid getting cloudier, darker -- moving through it now...
18) 3) text: As the cloudy fluid becomes clouds in a darkened sky -- w flying over some fiery, war torn city on Earth -- A DEAFE SIREN WAILING -- people on the streets running, terrified we swoop down over them -- they struggle not to look, covering their eyes, clamping their hands over their ears MotherвЂ™s POV as sheвЂ™s jolted from the dream...sheвЂ™s down -- at the floor -- which looks oddly far away... Angle widens to reveal Mother is levitating, her back is pressing against the ceiling -- lifting the mobile lab up the floor by the line connected to her stomach...
20) 0) text: Father opens the door, the light from outside illuminatin the darkened space revealing... The old mobile lab is smashed on the floor...Mother sits the corner, shaking, her knees pulled to her chest...
20) 1) dialog: I was flying, Father. When I came out of sleep mode -- I was flying... He looks at her with a grim expression...helps her up -- INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - NIGHT CampionвЂ™s POV -- as he lies awake in bed wearing his ni gear -- he looks over at Mother and Father talking across way, out of his earshot... Mother and FatherвЂ™s POV -- we can hear them now --
20) 8) dialog: Yes, but by the time it happens you wonвЂ™t need me anymore. (beat) Now, someone is here to see you... CampionвЂ™s POV as MotherвЂ™s eyes flash -- and suddenly Spiria sitting there beside him instead of Mother --
20) 13) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry -- I thought you wanted to see her.
20) 16) dialog: What were you doing all day? You didnвЂ™t pick any carbos... Campion squirms as Mother pins a probing stare on him...
20) 18) dialog: So you want to know more about whatвЂ™s written in their book? Campion nods... MotherвЂ™s eyes start flashing -- CampionвЂ™s POV as a halo of fire appears around Mother's as her body disappears; sheвЂ™s now just a fiery orb floa in front of CampionвЂ™s face... Campion gazes into the little sun, completely awed by it, then fear begins to intrude as he sees a multitude of eye appearing on its surface, a snarling mouth...
21) 0) text: The giant serpent skull -- no longer covered with the tar itвЂ™s menacing fangs now revealed, empty socket eyes -- the background we see Father working in the moonlight -- HeвЂ™s braiding together a heavier rope. After a moment h abruptly freezes his hands in mid-motion, hears someone walking towards him through the sprial field... He goes to hide the rope -- but too late -- Mother emerge from the field, glaring at him accusingly -- sees the rop knows instantly what it means --
21) 1) dialog: Did you go down there? a
21) 5) dialog: We agreed we werenвЂ™t going to do that.
21) 7) dialog: Why didnвЂ™t you tell me?
21) 9) dialog: You were right, I will stop you. Because that is the exact opposite of our core objective. Perhaps you are the one who needs a systems check --
21) 11) dialog: I thought we were in synch, Father -- that we would remain in synch until we ceased to operate.
21) 13) dialog: Stop -- 35. Mother starts trembling -- shame creasing her expression
21) 16) dialog: Stop -- stop speaking, stop speak -- Mother doubles over -- suddenly caught in the grips of so agonizing internal pain. She stumbles away -- Father following after her --
21) 20) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry, Father. But I cannot abandon our mission -- Mother pulls Father off the teeth, then slams him down on stomach -- 36.
21) 21) dialog: Or our son -- Mother reaches her hand into the open wound on his back, pulls out something that looks like an ostrich egg covere black blood -- as soon as she does Father goes completely still...
23) 2) dialog: Stay away from it. Campion turns to see Mother standing there -- 37.
23) 4) dialog: Campion... Father has shut down -- permanently.
23) 6) dialog: He knew he was getting close to the end -- we thought it best not to tell you. DidnвЂ™t want you to worry.
23) 9) dialog: Our power cells become radioactive after we cease functioning -- I had no choice but to drop his remains into one of the holes... She looks off -- becoming faint -- starts getting wobbly, Campion rushes to her, holds her up --
23) 11) dialog: I think I may have expended too much energy last night... Campion starts helping her back towards the childrenвЂ™s barracks -- 38. INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER Campion watches as Mother lies down on a cot. Her eyes suddenly go static -- in sleep mode now. Campion leans down to her chest, listening for something make sure sheвЂ™s not dead -- hears a faint pulsing sound He sits there looking at her, considering anxiously...
28) 0) text: Campion walks in, sees Mother is still right where he lef her. He walks up on her -- Campion leans in towards her, listens -- his eyes go wide hears a much stronger pulse than last time he checked -- its cadence has changed, to a powerful oscillating purr.. Mother opens her eyes -- her expression opaque as she loo up at Campion...
28) 2) dialog: You should not be worrying about me -- you have just lost your Father... She looks off, considers, then looks back at Campion...
28) 3) dialog: Do you want to see him?
29) 0) text: Mother drags Campion out into the freezing cold -- Campio shivering without his night gear --
29) 1) dialog: A child cannot care for itself -- so you must cease being a child and become a man -- Mother shoves Campion to the ground. Campion looks up at Mother pleadingly --
29) 3) dialog: I want the silo filled before dark.
29) 5) dialog: You're wasting time, Campion. I will soon be gone -- you need to be ready. Now work -- 42. Looking afraid, Campion obeys -- shivering as he reaches into the soil -- feeling around, he pulls up a carbo --
29) 6) dialog: No -- you have to reach down deeper... Mother gets down beside Campion, then continues digging manically with her hands -- then punches her fist down in the soil -- dirt up to her arm pit --
29) 7) dialog: Here, you see --вЂ” Mother starts pulling something up -- something much larg than a carbo -- a piece of serpent vertebra thatвЂ™s almo feet long -- Mother holds it up with one hand --
29) 8) dialog: The best ones are down deep... Mother drops the bone, keeps digging with her hands, frantically ripping out plants -- pulls another giant vertebra out of the dirt -- then another -- We watch from above as she continues to pull up the bones crawling around like a spider -- revealing that the spira pattern the carbos grow in -- is caused by the fact that grow exclusively from the remains of a dead coiled serpen
30) 0) text: Campion emerges from the barracks -- his eyes go wide... Sees Mother has pulled up almost all of the carbo plants the field is completely turned up, looks like someone attacked it with a back hoe -- he hears the sound of the door whacking in the wind...he turns, starts walking up o -- whack, whack -- 43. Campion stops, sees Mother has stuffed the silo with gian serpent vertebra --
30) 1) dialog: I apologize if I alarmed you last night. Campion turns, sees Mother standing there, covered in dir but looks calm, more herself...
30) 2) dialog: I was experiencing a great deal of sensory interference.
30) 4) dialog: It won't happen again. I think it served to defragment my drives. The pain I was experiencing is gone. Perhaps I have more time to prepare you than I thought -- Mother trails off, hears something, looks across the way the forest -- Campion turns to look -- sees only forest -- doesnвЂ™t he what Mother hears, his ears arenвЂ™t as sensitive -- but the sound is slowly becoming audible to him... A manвЂ™s voice, calling out -- echoing -- and now a figu emerging from the forest. HeвЂ™s dressed in white and chr and then two more males come into view walking behind him and then yet another -- Campion stares out at them, wonder and fear radiating fro his wide eyes -- too overwhelmed to speak; these are the first adult humans heвЂ™s ever laid eyes on... Mother looks down at him with a stern, controlled express
30) 6) dialog: You have it backwards, Campion. It is my job to care for you -- She pushes Campion behind her -- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 44.
30) 7) dialog: Do not tell them what I am.
30) 9) dialog: Just do as I say -- The approaching figures...members of the MITHRAIC -- a su symbol emblazoned on their chests, identical to the one t appeared on screen when Campion was attempting to transmi As they get closer we see their uniforms are dirtied, as their tired faces -- they look like theyвЂ™ve been out in wild for some time. Out in front is NON-NOBLE SERGEANT, MARCUS, 40s, rough and tumble, more solider-like than the other two. Then thereвЂ™s NOBLE KNIGHT, PAYEN, 30s, refin aristocratic. And then a burly looking CLERIC, 50s -- who uniform has a more ceremonial air to it -- and trailing behind them is JINN -- a skinny, odd looking man who acts like a servant -- wears the plainest uniform...
30) 13) dialog: We are not believers... Close on Marcus who seems to possess a level of instinct beyond that of his cohorts -- heвЂ™s silently staring at Mother; looks to sense thereвЂ™s something off with her. Meanwhile Campion is curiously eyeing the holstered handg hanging from Marcus and PayenвЂ™s belts.
30) 16) dialog: It doesnвЂ™t concern you. Now please get off our land. We donвЂ™t want you here.
30) 19) dialog: These are adequate.
30) 21) dialog: I forgot to mention the pits. Marcus inspects the pit -- holding it up to his eye -- fr certain angle, the hard spiky contours looks like a human face -- Marcus shudders, sets it down...
30) 34) dialog: We are pacifists. (to Marcus) How many landers has your ark deployed to the planet?
30) 36) dialog: You're searching for the most bountiful region to start your colony.
30) 39) dialog: As you said, there are no laws regarding land here.
30) 41) dialog: And where do you plan to land your ark?
30) 43) dialog: It was -- but the soil is growing infertile and the nights are becoming increasingly cold. I advise you to explore the other side of the equator. When you are finished eating -- I'd like you to depart and tell them that -- your comrades on the ark. Payen is smiling incredulously now --
30) 51) dialog: You will leave at first light -- with no delay.
30) 53) dialog: My name is Lamia. Campion reacts with muted surprise...
30) 55) dialog: ThereвЂ™s no need. We donвЂ™t want to know your names. IвЂ™11 show you where you can sleep -- INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S BARRACKS - NIGHT The door opens, Mother shows Marcus, the Cleric and Payen into the semi-darkness -- Jinn remains standing outside -
30) 56) dialog: The night gear will be too small for you. But you can use them as blankets.
30) 58) text: Mother closes the door --
31) 0) text: Mother glances over at Jinn whoвЂ™s standing sentry by th door. She looks at him with something like disgust then walks off -- Jinn watches her go, his expression blank...
32) 13) dialog: I pulled it randomly from my implanted data.
32) 15) dialog: They're not going to want to help me, Campion.
32) 17) dialog: We're going to have to leave here tomorrow, go somewhere where they won't find us...
32) 19) dialog: You make a valid point, Campion -- I am proud of the analytical prowess you are displaying. But you are my son -- and you will do as I say. Campion looks at her, resentment and anger building in hi eyes until --
32) 22) dialog: Those are CampionвЂ™s --
32) 35) dialog: What did he say to you? Campion doesnвЂ™t answer at first, then nods --
32) 38) dialog: DonвЂ™t touch me. Jinn suddenly grabs MotherвЂ™s head with both hands -- dr her to the floor, she struggles against him, limbs flaili as he tries to twist her head around 180 degrees --
33) 18) dialog: No, I was programmed by Campion Sturges -- an atheist.
33) 20) dialog: My -- my program has not changed.
33) 22) dialog: Question: are there any more of my kind aboard your ark?
35) 0) text: Marcus rushes across the craggy expanse -- beelining for LANDER -- a short range shuttle thatвЂ™s sitting near the where Mother and FatherвЂ™s ship went down. Marcus rushes up on the landerвЂ™s side door, mumbling a to himself as he keeps glancing back over his shoulder --
36) 2) dialog: Die -- BANG -- he fires while his hand is shaking, bullet skips across the surface of his skull -- his head falls down on the console --
37) 0) text: THUD -- Marcus is thrown from the door of the lander, lan face down on the ground, his head bleeding -- still appea to be breathing. Mother then heads back to the cockpit as the side door closes -- The landerвЂ™s bright lights shine on MarcusвЂ™ prone for takes off into the sky above him --
38) 0) text: Mother works the controls, discovering she knows Mithraic tech -- the lander shakes as it blasts up towards the atmosphere while Mother speaks into the console, using MarcusвЂ™ voice --
38) 1) dialog: (in MarcusвЂ™ voice) This is lander two -- do you copy?
38) 3) dialog: (in MarcusвЂ™ voice) Negative. WeвЂ™re returning to the ark --
38) 5) dialog: (in MarcusвЂ™ voice) The Cleric was injured ina fall -- we have limited time, heвЂ™s lost a lot of blood --
40) 0) text: A closed air lock door, a hissing sound emanating as two armed guards pull a series of levers -- the hissing stops The two guards stand back as the door slowly swings open. They see Mother, her eyes flashing -- they freeze up as s walks right past them -- they then draw their side arms, staring at one another in horror -- both hallucinating th the other is becoming a serpent -- They then begin firing bullets into each other --
41) 0) text: Mother walks down the long white hallway, vaguely temple- design to the ship -- sun symbols everywhere -- chanting She passes a prayer room -- where several people are on t knees praying -- a Cleric raising his upturned hands into air -- he glances at Mother -- Her eyes flash -- he crumples, starts weeping -- She keeps moving, past a windowed space -- dozens of empt hibernation pods inside --
42) 0) text: A screen shows multiple camera views -- Mother moving thr the ship, guardsвЂ™ heads and limbs exploding in her wake others just fall to their knees, made insane by her stare The attendant watching the screen turns around, five othe in the control room -- panicking -- 61.
43) 0) text: Mother is breathing a thin stream of blue fire from her m -- heating the center of the door -- she then pushes her fingers through the soft metal --
44) 0) text: The attendants open fire as MotherвЂ™s hand reaches throu hole in the door -- the bullets tear up her skin as she h a button -- the door opens -- Mother moves inside amidst a hail of bullets -- one of th attendants catches a glimpse of her eyes -- turns his gun the others, another one gets a glimpse -- more cross fire and then in an instant theyвЂ™re all lying dead around he She moves to the main control panel, starts manipulating instruments -- an alarm starts blaring --
44) 2) dialog: Override --
44) 4) dialog: Open your eyes --
44) 6) dialog: The override code -- 62. She shoves him towards the console, he punches in the cod blood dripping off his face on to the console --
45) 0) text: Mother walks back the way she came -- the alarm blaring, screams coming from open doorways, blood smeared on the walls, attendants sprawled on the floor, clutching the gu they shot themselves with --
46) 0) text: A group of children are huddled in the corner, across fro closed door -- boys and girls -- various ages -- they ten hear someone entering a code on the other side of the doo The door slides open revealing a dead eyed attendant stan there motionless -- Mother moves past him into the room - the children seem to know what she is -- they cover their eyes, trying not to look at her -- But then a little girl decides to look up --
48) 0) text: Marcus, still lying where Mother left him, the ground is shaking much more violently here -- heвЂ™s awoken by the burning pieces of wreckage falling down in the near dista Marcus touches his hand to his aching head -- sees the bl realizes the bullet didnвЂ™t penetrate his skull. He gets his feet -- the ground still shaking -- He hugs himself against the cold -- peers around at the darkness, when he notices the reddish glow on the distant horizon -- a gargantuan black smoke cloud rising... Doom blossoms in MarcusвЂ™ eyes as the realization starts sink in... Then he clocks a light emerging from the smoke cloud -- itвЂ™s his lander -- He looks to be wondering if Mother is still piloting it - decides not to take chances -- He crouches behind some rocks as it flies overhead -- he watches it disappear into the darkness... Marcus looks around desperately -- clocks a big piece of burning wreckage across the way, runs up on it -- He crouches by the flames to keep warm, pulls a communica device from his uniform -- starts trying to call --
49) 0) text: Campion exits the barracks -- sees Mother across the way, loading something he canвЂ™t make out into the stolen Mit lander... She pauses, looks over at him for a moment -- Campion stands there looking back at her, stunned until.. Mother turns and walks into the lander, the door closes behind her. Campion watches as it hovers up, spins, then zooms over his head into the night sky...
50) 0) text: An overhead canopy of strangely shaped leaves -- we hear Mother humming a strange but beautiful song as we descend through the layers and emerge out the bottom to see below -- Father lying face down on the ground, Mother hunched o working on him -- then after a moment -- Mother pauses, gets up -- revealing FatherвЂ™s back is op up, skin pinned back -- his hard plastic spine visible, l like she replaced part of it with mismatching spare parts Close on an ostrich egg-looking thing -- an orphic proces -- similar to the one Mother pulled from FatherвЂ™s insid partially wrapped in a giant leaf -- MotherвЂ™s hands rea down and -- very carefully -- she lifts it up... Mother kneels down beside Father and carefully installs t new processor inside his torso...
50) 4) text: HeвЂ™s regaining consciousness -- his eyes taking a momen res up; he sees Mother crouching in front of him, but she highly pixelated...looks like an abstract painting... 66.
50) 5) dialog: The internal distress youвЂ™re feeling is normal. YouвЂ™ve had a new processor installed -- you need to stay calm or youвЂ™re going to undo all my hard work -- Close on FatherвЂ™s face as he starts to regulate his bre -- still struggling to see...
50) 8) dialog: I had to remove them -- for the sake of the children...
50) 10) dialog: Yes. Campion, and now five more. They came from an ark called Heaven... Father begins to notice the blood spattered on Mother's clothes, the stolen lander behind her, JinnвЂ™s scattered parts (FatherвЂ™s unwitting organ donor) --
50) 11) dialog: DonвЂ™t worry, Father. We will get it right this time.