7) 1) dialog: Now, we have books and books and books of laws. But in all the world, there‘s really only one law. During the sermon, Lars’s POV: he looks at the cross, candles, flowers, a stained glass portrait of Mary and ba Jesus, other people‘s families, the little dramas in ever pew. His gaze pauses on Margo who is looking through her music. Next to Lars, a restless little boy drops a stuffe animal. Lars picks it up, hands it back. He and the littl boy look at each other. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: A poster board on an easel, “BIBLE STUDY CLASS." Karin an Gus have just told the Bible Study Class about Bianca and Lars. Mrs. Gruner, MR. HOFSTEDTLER, MRS. PETERSEN, MR. SH MRS. SCHINDLER and Reverend Bock, all in their 50’s and 6 and 70's, are bemused. MR. HOFSTEDTLER is a negative cont freak.
43) 18) dialog: Now, that’s enough now.
43) 21) dialog: The question is, what would Jesus do?
95) 1) dialog: When we are children, we behave as children. But the time comes when we must surrender childish things.
148) 0) text: The church is filled with palms and lilies. Reverend Bock passes out palms to the children and people who file down aisle.
152) 1) dialog: Lars asked us not to wear black today. He did that to remind us that this is no ordinary funeral. Oh, no. Instead he would like us to join together in celebration of Bianca’s extraordinary life. @ The mourners settle, interested.
152) 2) dialog: Without even trying, Bianca brought to this town the warmth, the laughter, the vivid color of her native tropics. She was a listener and a teacher. She was a lesson in courage and constancy. Did you ever once see her yield to disability or despair? People shake their heads, no, they never did. Everyone is moved in their own way. REVEREND BOCK (CONT’D) There is not one among us who could match her work ethic or her serenity in the face of illness and even death. The word touches them all and makes it real.
152) 3) dialog: From her wheelchair, Bianca touched all of us in ways we could never e have predicted. (CONTINUED)
152) 6) dialog: And she left us with glowing memories of her generosity, her delightful company and her love of humanity. Oh, yes. We can be sure Bianca loved us all. Especially Lars. Everyone becomes aware of him. They watch him, compassion REVEREND BOCK (CONT’D) ESPECIALLY him. But Lars, don’t forget, she was first and foremost a missionary. A servant of God. Lars nods. He won't forget.