0) 441) dialog: Get down the rope, soldier! Somebody's shooting at you!. You're a sniper's wet dream hanging in the air like that! Go! Go! Go! You're slowing down the man behind you! You're gonna get his ass wasted! This chopper's been in the air too long! Get down there! Move it! Move it! Move it! C'mon! What's wrong?! You want to live forever?! You scared?! He has a recalcitrant soldier, tired or scared, hard to t but he's paused at the top of the rope.
0) 442) dialog: C'mon Fedderman. Chopper's leavin! The war's waiting on your ass! What are you afraid of?! All you can do is break your spine. It don't hurt and you get a spiffy set of wheels. Altameyer quickly hooks up to one of the ropes and jumps over the side of the platform. Head down! Altameyer plummets the fifty feet - not sliding - falling the whole way head first. He puts the brakes on for the last two yards and comes to a stop - his head inches from the ground. Fedderman, the recalcitrant student, ashamed, comes down fits and starts. Altameyer watches.
0) 443) dialog: C'mon soldier. Let loose. Scare me! Fedderman is down. The Ranger goes over to Altameyer and pulls him aside. Serling can't hear them, but it is appar that Altameyer is getting his ass chewed. At the end of t dressing down the officer points to Serling and Altameyer comes over, salutes.
0) 444) dialog: Sir! The CO said you wanted to speak to me.
0) 446) dialog: (surprised) Something wrong?
0) 448) dialog: Yes, sir. I've been let off duty for the rest of the day. They walk across the field to the parking lot. Altameyer keeps giving Serling sidelong glances.
0) 449) dialog: I don't know what to tell you that I didn't already say. They got it all in writing.
0) 451) dialog: Isn't that enough?
0) 453) dialog: You talking to the other guys?
0) 455) dialog: This here's my car, sir. I was thinking of going to the gym to work out for the boxing team. Could we do this there? Altameyer looks at Serling to see if he's impressed. He should be. A Saleen Mustang Convertible - turbo-charged, black with a red interior - the muscle car of the 90's. Serling gets in.
0) 459) dialog: Roger that, sir.
0) 461) dialog: I did, some.
0) 463) dialog: Negative on that, sir. Don't even like to fly in planes. Didn't before my crash, don't especially now.
0) 465) dialog: I wanted to hump a nurse once, that count, sir? I see where you're going. I play poker. Those Medevac folks, between missions, had a lot of spare time on their hands. Want to know a poker secret, sir? Make you a mint. The people you play against, find out what they're interested in, pretend you're interested. They start running off at the mouth don't pay no attention to their cards. Them Medevac folks, they do love to talk about choppers. He grins.
0) 466) dialog: Medevac folks bought this here auto. Yeah, I hung at the Medevac. I hung, I played, they talked, I won.
0) 468) dialog: Well... Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 53. Altameyer pulls into the parking lot of a gym. He goes inside, Serling follows.
1) 0) text: Altameyer begins to change. Off comes his shirt and T-shi There is another scar, a big one, across his back. Serlin notices it. Altameyer notices Serling noticing.
1) 1) dialog: I had some phys rehab time, got into boxing.
1) 3) dialog: Uh, let's see. Major what's his butt ... Carden Party. Serling eyes Altameyer. Is the Sergeant fucking with him?
1) 5) dialog: Right. He asked me, said they were on a Search and Rescue and they might need some gun. The war had just got cranking and we didn't know what old Saddam Insane had in his pocket. I said okay. I wasn't seeing any action and I... you know. So, I got me a 240 and bungied it in one of the Huey doorways and away we went.
1) 7) dialog: Seen her around. Not much. She didn't play poker, for money, she said. She ... was just another officer. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 54. He turns his back on Serling. In his sweats now, he begin to tape his hands.
1) 9) dialog: Up until... He smiles sardonically.
1) 10) dialog: We set down once, dust storm. That and the oil fires. We couldn't see shit so we hit ground to wait it out, let it blow over. We were down for a half hour or so. Then we went back up. God, I hate the dust. Hate the dust. Hate it. He hates something. He bites off the tape.
1) 12) dialog: Half hour, forty minutes. Altameyer pauses, busies himself with his hands. It is evident Serling has to prompt him.
1) 14) dialog: Well, it all happened so fast, at first. Then it seemed to take forever. We came around a bend in the river - and there it was. Nervously Altameyer scrapes a fingernail across the woode bench. Rhythmic scraping.
1) 21) dialog: Won't do no good. I might as well be pissing on that tank.
1) 28) dialog: Survival kit ... survival kit... Ilario finds it for him, passes him the flare gun and a f Altameyer fumbles the flare into the barrel. Walden banks the chopper to go back to the tank. They fly over the crashed Blackhawk. Desperate faces look up at them. Rady is twenty feet away from some kid. Their eyes meet.
1) 32) dialog: Ready here. She banks over the tank. The tank machine gunner lets loo Tracers arc to the chopper, whistle through the doorway, few plunk into the side and front window. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 57.
1) 39) dialog: Ready!
1) 41) dialog: I won't.
1) 64) dialog: I got this belt and another five hundred.
1) 70) dialog: I never seen it get so dark. No city lights. Just black. Black. It's hard to describe to someone who wasn't there.
1) 72) dialog: Yeah? Infantry?
1) 74) dialog: You wouldn't get me in no tank. Death traps. There you are sitting on five hundred gallons of diesel fuel, a couple hundred rounds of high explosive artillery in your ass pocket. We saw a lot of dead tanks with crispy critters hanging out of them over there.
1) 77) dialog: Not much. The Captain put us on two-hour watches, but there wasn't no need. None of us were going to sleep.
1) 83) dialog: I can hear them out there, moving and talking - when you people aren't gabbing.
1) 89) dialog: I took one. No, two. They look. There is a bloody furrow up his left forearm a another across his rib cage.
1) 92) dialog: I'm cool. Check the Captain out. She looks serious. Ilario goes over to Walden. The others watch.
1) 95) dialog: I'm opening my second box of ammo. My last.
1) 98) dialog: I've got another mag. Here. Walden almost screams, swallows it.
1) 101) dialog: The trouble was you couldn't see a damned thing. You knew they were out there, sneaking up on us, ready to try again, but you couldn't see... You couldn't see. Altameyer's eyes stare out at the night.
1) 103) dialog: You couldn't see.
1) 105) dialog: Yeah. Wasn't that enough for one night? He is suddenly belligerent, realizes it, and covers with smile. He nervously rubs the scar on his forearm.
1) 107) dialog: What?
1) 109) dialog: I don't get emotional about this shit. It's a gig, you know. My job. It's in the job description. You're gonna get shot at and shit on for chump change. But you get to travel to the worst asswipe countries in the world, sample their worst diseases, eat the worst food, in the midst of the worst weather, the meanest bugs and snakes and crawling critters in the worst conditions known to man. Now ask me why I do it. C'mon, ask me. Ask me.
1) 111) dialog: "Cause I get to kill people. He tries a macho killer smile. It starts to fail, so he struts into the gymnasium.
2) 1) dialog: Dawn. Why is it people think only good things will happen when the sun comes up? As if a little sunlight on the situation would make things better. We knew at first light they where going to attack. If they did -- we were dead men.
2) 3) dialog: And woman. Altameyer looks at himself in the mirror checks out his a his chest, his back. Then looks into his own eyes.
2) 5) dialog: Oh, fuck me.
2) 8) dialog: A hundred, maybe more. With more light, the ridge seems to have a soldier behind every rock. Walden tries to crawl over to get a look, but her wounds stop any effort. Altameyer gets ready to fire.
2) 13) dialog: None. Never. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 67. Everyone checks their weapons.
2) 16) dialog: What the hell, who wants to live forever.
2) 29) dialog: Let's get out of here! They move as fast as they can to the Rescue Huey piloted Major Teegarden. The Crew Chief and Medic meet them halfw Monfriez is carried to the Rescue Huey. He tears away fro the Medic and taps Teegarden on the shoulder.
2) 34) dialog: Yeah. Took a bullet. Didn't feel it until we got to the MASH. In the back, scraped a rib, through and through. Little shit. Altameyer steps into the ring where MEDINA, another boxer waits. Serling looks at the old man who yelled, MCQUILLEN natty even in fatigues - starched, tailored fatigues.
2) 36) dialog: Don't need it.
2) 40) dialog: That's the best you can throw at me? What are you, some kind of pussy, Medina? You hit like a woman. My little sister hits harder than that. My mama hits harder. You some kind of fag? Medina starts punching harder, trying to shut Altameyer u Altameyer just talks more trash, spitting out his mouthpi and taunting Medina through bloody teeth.
2) 45) dialog: Female. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 71. Kinda short. He tries to toss it off as a joke.
2) 47) dialog: I didn't know her. I was just on for the one gig. He is suspicious again.
2) 49) dialog: Perilous decisions... No, she just made them. A curt answer.
2) 51) dialog: Just like that. Serling is left with his own thoughts. They arrive at the BOQ in silence. Serling gets out of the car.
2) 52) dialog: She was okay. She was... What you're gonna do will make her a hero, right? She ... deserves it. He is reaching for the words.
2) 53) dialog: I just wish... I just wish...
2) 55) dialog: I just wish I could be left out of it. I don't want to tell that story again. Not one more time. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 72.
2) 57) dialog: Living it was enough. Know what I mean?
2) 60) text: He heads for the BOQ. Altameyer drives away.
4) 5) dialog: I'm just a passenger.
4) 12) dialog: Get me around so I can fire! Walden turns the chopper. Altameyer stands on the skids, hangs from his lifeline and fires. The bullets have no ef on the steel tank. The tank machine gunner lets loose! Bullets pock the Huey. Walden banks.
4) 13) dialog: Turn around! Turn around! Let me have another shot at it! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 89.
4) 46) dialog: I'm not giving up until I'm out of ammo. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 92.
6) 100) dialog: What the fuck are you doing, soldier!? Where are your men? The team leader turns to show his men. But Altameyer poin to the course. One man hopelessly tangled up in the barbe wire, left behind.
6) 101) dialog: You don't leave a man behind! Look at me when I'm talking to you, soldier! You never leave a man behind! Never! You're brothers! He depends on you! You depend on him! He goes over the top, starts pushing the soldier around. The C.0. intervenes. Altameyer is dressed down, sent away And Serling steps into his path.
6) 103) dialog: Yeah, yes, sir. Uh, how about we go for a ride?
6) 105) dialog: I'm doing the talking. You want to hear it, sir, you'll have to be in my car. Serling hesitates, then follows Altameyer to his car. The get into the Saleen Mustang. Altameyer drives off the Pos
7) 1) dialog: Might lose my gig with the Rangers. C.0.'s pissed at me. Probably send me to the regular Infantry. (MORE )
7) 3) dialog: That's okay. Let him. Infantry man. It's not a career, it'sa shitty job. When you join up do they tell you in the job description that you're supposed to kill people? I mean, you'd think that's a given, but... He takes a bottle of liquor from under the passenger seat uncaps it, He offers He laughs. takes a big swig.
7) 4) dialog: Don't give me any shit about drinking and driving, sir. I'm not in the mood. Have some. the bottle to Serling.
7) 6) dialog: Me. Too, after this bottle.
7) 8) dialog: Roger that, sir, 'deed I do, sir. Soon as I figure out what it is I will relay that information. You ever kill anyone, sir?
7) 10) dialog: You know, you can talk about killing somebody. Wolf talk, you know. "I'll kill you motherfucker, I'll waste your ugly ass." We all say it. But killing somebody... it's a hard thing to do. Easy to pull the trigger. Hard to live with. Know what I mean?
7) 12) dialog: I killed people that day. That night. Out in the desert. I don't remember much about them. Little figures falling over. I sawa couple of faces, but none stayed. A dude with a mustache, I can remember him if I try. But Captain Walden's face. Her face... she's looking at me whenever I close my eyes. Nothing gets rid of her. Dope, booze ... praying. Even tried that. Nothing works.
7) 14) dialog: I'm telling you shit. Just shut the fuck up and listen... sir. but it doesn't work. This is a tortured man.
7) 15) dialog: It's the grey areas that get you. You know, right or wrong, black and white... Who'd ever think killing would be a grey area. It's wrong to kill someone. That's one of the black and whites, one of the Ten Commandments. Then you get in the Army. You kill people. It's part of the job, they say. You kill someone, the Army says it's okay -- then it's okay. Maybe that makes it okay for them, but it don't make it okay for you. Know what I mean?
7) 17) dialog: Tell me, sir, tell me.
7) 19) dialog: But they don't help a bit when it cuts to the bone, do they?
7) 21) dialog: Everything. Everything. He reaches under his seat, pulls out a .45, aims it at Serling! Serling stiffens. There is nowhere to go. He looks. They are speeding down a rural road. A train runs parallel to them. Altameyer punches it, passing the train
7) 22) dialog: I always liked trains. Since I was a kid. They're big, black, strong, tough. Iron. If I ever boxed pro, I was going to call myself Howard "Night Train" Altameyer. What do you think Colonel, don't that have a nice ring to it? "Night Train". He is ahead of the train, makes a turn, comes up to the tracks, stops on the tracks. Serling can see the train coming, light on. Serling's hand goes to the door handle. Altameyer pokes the gun into Serling's chest.
7) 24) dialog: Shut up! Sir... The train sounds the whistle, rushing at them.
7) 25) dialog: I do love trains. Ain't that whistle pretty? Listen to it. It sounds again. The train is closer.
7) 26) dialog: But the train off track ain't worth shit. It's just ... scrap iron. He pulls the gun away. The train is roaring at them.
7) 27) dialog: I lost my tracks, sir. There in that desert. Get out. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 113.
7) 29) dialog: 
8) 22) dialog: You got trouble right here. Raise you, five.
8) 69) dialog: Call for help! Call for help!
8) 71) dialog: The Blackhawk! They have more men! More firepower! We'll be safe there.
8) 78) dialog: I'll lay covering fire! Get to those rocks! Then you do the same for me!
8) 84) dialog: We can't fight. We don't have...
8) 90) dialog: It's so dark you can't see your hand in front of your face. Now's the time to do it. Slip right by them.
8) 93) dialog: You don't even like him. All he did was give you grief. Now you're going to die for the prick? I say we go.
8) 100) dialog: Maybe if we surrendered the rag heads would doctor him up. Walden looks at him, hard.
8) 103) dialog: I hear something out there, I tell you. I can't see it, but I hear it. They're closing in.
8) 110) dialog: Are you going to take my gun away, too? She looks at him.
8) 112) dialog: You just might.
8) 122) dialog: You're wounded, ma'am. Give him the 16. We gotta go. We'll carry you. She aims the M-16 at Altameyer.
8) 124) dialog: You won't shoot.
8) 130) dialog: What if they attack again?
8) 132) dialog: By the time you give 'em back it might be too late.
8) 136) dialog: Aw, fuck me. Here they come.
8) 138) dialog: Give me my gun for God's sake. Christ...
8) 142) dialog: Give me my gun, Captain. C'mon...
8) 145) dialog: They're getting close.