0) 50) dialog: All present and accounted for, sir. Serling faces the men as they settle into their seats.
0) 52) dialog: No. Sir. Traffic accident.
0) 55) dialog: We'd have a convoy of thirty trucks or more and they'd decide to pass.
0) 58) dialog: We were heading along the north end of Iraq to set up a fueling depot for the 24th, part of Schwartzkopf's "Hail Mary". Some mad Saudi in a deuce-and-a-half goes to pass the convoy and suddenly there's another convoy coming the other way. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 9.
0) 67) dialog: The Medevac, Warrant officer Fowler's bird, picked us up and headed south to some MASH unit. Nothing happened on the trip. It was pretty routine.
0) 71) dialog: Low, fifty to a hundred feet off the floor. The chopper shudders. A huge impact. Then it begins to fall. Shouting, screaming. The chopper hits the ground hard. The impact splays the skids. Men fall out the doors
0) 74) dialog: No. Triple A, a missile, TOW? Couldn't tell. One moment we were up -- the next we were eating sand.
0) 76) dialog: Egan thought he saw some enemy movement before we got hit.
0) 81) dialog: I didn't see anything.
0) 83) dialog: Yes. The medic, Balkum? Balkum, confirmed this. The Blackhawk nosed into the mountain. The Medic and Crew Chief started giving aid to the new injuries. We lost two immediately, Feretic, and Brady. Another, Rizza, died a few minutes later. My Platoon Sergeant.
0) 86) dialog: About an hour - a little more. Ground troops. They came over the ridge to the northwest of us. They fired on us.
0) 88) dialog: They stripped us of our weapons on the Medevac. Procedure. The Crew Chief returned fire with his 16. We were downslope.
0) 92) dialog: Yes. He was on his last magazine. The nine mills didn't have the range. Rounds fell short.
0) 94) dialog: Monaco took two in the chest. He died during the night. Lem, Fistch were wounded. Cherensky, no he was later.
0) 96) dialog: Yes. I took a round in the leg. And the medic had a bullet part his hair. A lot of blood but he was still working.
0) 98) dialog: We were in a world of hurt, sir.
0) 100) dialog: Yes, sir. We were all wounded in one way or another. It was discussed. But we figured we'd hold 'em off as long as possible in case a rescue came. It was a . difficult and protracted debate, sir. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 13.
0) 107) dialog: All we could do was wait until the dust settled so they could see to adjust. That's when, as ranking officer, I made my decision. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 14. The Lieutenant steps out of the helicopter, waving his wh handkerchief. He takes a couple of steps toward the tank.
0) 108) dialog: I figured we'd held out as long as we could and that the lives of the men on board...
0) 110) dialog: I know, sir, I know. It's just... Well, it didn't make any difference. The cloud of dust finally settles in front of the tank. They can see Chelli and the white flag of surrender. And the tank machine gun cuts loose. The Lieutenant is hit in his good leg. He goes down. Two men, wounded themselves, run and haul him back to the chopper. The tank's big gun begins to move again in small increments.
0) 113) dialog: Now they had us bracketed. All they had to do was adjust for somewhere in the middle and we were dead meat. The Medic fires at the tank with the M-16. The rounds jus bounce off. Lt. Chelli stops him and looks up at the sky.
0) 114) dialog: And then we heard it.
0) 119) dialog: When the Huey cans back this time it returned fire. Someone with a 240.
0) 121) dialog: We didn't know at the time but.. yes, SP/5 Monfriez. The ground troops went for cover. The men in the Blackhawk cheer. Elation takes them past t pain of their wounds. BOOM! The tank fires again. The men in the Blackhawk are blown to bits.
0) 122) dialog: That round killed the Medic, Raleno, Cerspach... Egan lost his legs.... Chaos. Men dying, bleeding, screaming - praying.
0) 123) dialog: We tended the wounded as best we could.
0) 129) dialog: Couldn't tell the first time. But the chopper banked and we could see the Crew Chief unstrapping something from the other side.
0) 131) dialog: They were still taking ground fire. We could see where the tank's big machine gun was making hits. But the Huey banked again and this time the fuel pod hit.
0) 134) dialog: Then someone in the Huey fired a flare at the tank. And it blew. The tank is drenched in gas. The tank commander, sitting half in, half out of the turret is yelling commands when realizes what is going on. He tries to bail. Too late. The tank erupts in flames. The ground troops run away from the burning tank. KA-BOOM! Something goes off inside the tank. Then another explosion, and another. The ammo inside cooks and blows. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 17. The tank disintegrates. Inside the crashed Blackhawk, the men cheer.
0) 137) dialog: No.
0) 139) dialog: We were yelling and screaming so much we didn't notice the Huey was even hit.
0) 143) dialog: Five hundred meters. The Huey loses altitude fast, the tail rotor dead. It crashes.
0) 152) dialog: The tank was incapacitated -- but we caught sporadic ground fire through the night. The Huey took most of it. It was between us and the enemy so...
0) 154) dialog: No. As I said our radio was wasted. We tried shouting at it, but that just drew enemy fire, so we stopped.
0) 157) dialog: Monaco died during the night. It was cold. (MORE )
0) 159) dialog: But... We heard voices from the Huey a couple of times, small arms fire between it and the ridge.
0) 161) dialog: No. Some rocks hid the interior. We couldn't see anything in daylight and most of our time there it was dark.
0) 166) dialog: On the ridge we saw forty, maybe fifty enemy. They began firing at the Huey mainly and moving toward it under the cover fire. The Huey returned fire.
0) 171) dialog: All the wounded were loaded aboard. The dead were left behind. We were taking fire at the time. One of the Blackhawk medics was hit, I think.
0) 173) dialog: When we got aboard the Blackhawk that was when we saw the enemy on the other ridge. They'd flanked us in the night. It was a hot LZ, all right. The decision was made to leave the dead. By the commander of the rescue, I think. The wounded are loaded onto the Blackhawk and then both i and the Huey rise.
0) 174) dialog: The last thing we saw was the Tomcat drop white phosphorus on the two crashed choppers. An awesome display of burning white fire explodes the two choppers.
0) 175) dialog: Then we were out of there. The rescue choppers back away.
0) 178) dialog: Colonel, this isn't just some Lessons Learned or post-action analysis, is it?
0) 180) dialog: Well, I don't know if it was Captain Walden or whoever -- but that Huey and her crew saved our lives.
0) 184) dialog: And by the time someone would have gotten to us we would have been dead.
0) 188) dialog: Sir? You have a minute, Colonel?
0) 190) dialog: Sir, you had a remarkable career -- before the incident at Al Bathra. I was wondering if perhaps you could give me a few hints in reference to getting on the fast track, like you. Lt. Chelli carries a large manila envelope and worries it between his fingers.
0) 192) dialog: I mean, they say, sir, that if it hadn't been for the incident at Al Bathra you'd be a General now. I'm a full-tilt career ring-knocker, sir, and I plan on being the youngest General in Army history.
0) 194) dialog: Sure, sure. Well if I can find me a Rabbi like you got in General Hershberg...
0) 196) dialog: But you're on his staff. He saved you from a Court Martial.
0) 198) dialog: Scuttlebutt, sir... Chelli knows he's fucked up.
0) 202) dialog: Sir, I forgot. I wanted to give you this. He hands Serling the envelope.
0) 203) dialog: It's an article I wrote for Military Review. It's an operational assessment of the battle of Al Bathra. In it I propose three operational alternatives to your the decision you made.
0) 205) dialog: I thought you might like to read it.
0) 207) dialog: I'm not being critical, sir.
0) 209) dialog: You don't want to read it, sir? I'm sure you've gone over the incident many times. There might be a solution here that you didn't think of.