1) 17) dialog: Fuck, a tank! They're in deep shit.
1) 19) dialog: Holy shit! We're taking fire! The tank cannon goes off again. A huge explosion near the Blackhawk! Enemy fire peppers the Huey.
1) 26) dialog: Toss it overboard? What the fuck?
1) 31) dialog: Ready here. The auxiliary fuel pod teeters on its perch.
1) 34) dialog: Shit! Shit!
1) 37) dialog: Ready!
1) 45) dialog: I got it! TI got it! They bank over the tank again! The gunner fires at them! Tracers chew at the Huey! Soldiers on the ground fire up them! Monfriez drops the pod. The chopper lurches! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 58. The pod bursts upon hitting the tank. A direct hit! Gasol spews everywhere.
1) 46) dialog: Got it! Altameyer fires the flare gun. It strikes the tank. The tank bursts into flame. The soldiers onboard the Huey che shout, yell in triumph! But only for an instant. They are in trouble. Walden frantically fights the controls. The chopper tail is out of control. WALDEN Grab something! Hold on! Rady, call in a Mayday! She looks over. Rady sags in his chair, blood pouring dow his chest. The window in front of him is shattered by bul holes! Walden switches channels on the radio. Ilario stra into the seat. Monfriez hooks up.
1) 53) dialog: No fire, fuel tanks intact.
1) 61) dialog: I'm not sure we can make it. Walden looks at Monfriez, who has his M-16 out and is che to see if it's loaded. He points. Four or five enemy soldiers have positioned themselves up the river behind a pile of rocks. Someone from the Blackh fires on them.
1) 62) dialog: We try to get there we walk right into their guns. Carrying Rady we might as well Just shoot ourselves, save them the bullets. She looks out over Altameyer's shoulder. The enemy troops have stopped moving, finding cover in the rocks below the ridgeline. Occasionally one of them shoots. The bullets punch holes in the chopper, but the main body is protecte by a outcropping of stone. Altameyer returns fire. Short two or three-round bursts from the 240.
1) 66) dialog: For what?
1) 81) dialog: Most likely they'll wait for first light.
1) 88) dialog: My ear... It's bloody, the tip shot off. He touches it. It hurts.
1) 96) dialog: I've got one magazine left for the '16. Beretta's full.
2) 10) dialog: We're gonna need every bullet. Look. Between the Huey and the river thirty enemy soldiers have found cover.
2) 19) dialog: What the hell for? They know we're here.
2) 23) dialog: Let's get out of here! Ilario! Monfriez grabs Walden. Ilario goes to help. She gasps in pain. Monfriez goes down! A bullet in the leg!
2) 26) dialog: He's dead!
2) 28) dialog: No! No! Not without the Captain. He stops them. They all turn around to face the Huey. In time to see Walden cut down by enemy gunfire. Five, six bullets tear through her body. tIlario rushes back. Altam and Monfriez follow. They gather around Walden. She is dead. The enemy fire increases. Mortar rounds begin to explode near the Huey.
2) 30) dialog: Captain Walden is dead. So is Rady. Teegarden nods, lifts off. All choppers leave the area. Two jets come roaring in. Teegarden talks on the radio, circles above the jets. The jets come in low, on a run. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 69. Bomb canisters float out from below them. The bombs land the two crashed choppers. White phosphorus. Big, white explosions. Bright, white fire. The choppers are incinerated. Instantly. Teegarden's Huey leaves. Altameyer looks out the door at the white smoke climbing into the air.
4) 4) dialog: I'm for going ahead. The ship can take it. Walden looks at Altameyer.
4) 11) dialog: Fuck!
4) 18) dialog: Still take too long!
4) 22) dialog: Let's try it! He starts unstrapping the fuel pod.
4) 28) dialog: No! One more! I can get it this time! One more! The tank fires again. The Blackhawk takes a hit.
4) 60) dialog: Wait for the Cobras! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 93. But Walden breaks free and dashes toward Teegarden's land Huey. And is shot down. She falls. Ilario and Monfriez both dash out to bring her back. Monfriez takes a bullet.
4) 62) dialog: Let's go! All of sudden Walden begins to fight Ilario and Altameyer
4) 66) dialog: Let's get out of here. They turn and hustle to the rescue choppers.
4) 77) dialog: "Til nine. Like they say at the girls school -- lights out at nine, candles out at ten. The customer has picked the pistol off the counter and ai it at the wall, holding it sideways. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 95.
4) 78) dialog: Where'd you learn to hold a pistol, "Boys in the Hood"? Seen too many of them black gangsta flicks. Always holding it like that, sideways, no wonder they never hit nothing, always full auto, of course, you hold a pistol like that, you ain't gonna hit nothing. That's why they need them splatter guns, MAC-10's and shit. That's where the sights are, on top. No wonder they have so many innocent drivebys, can't hit nothing, yanking the weapon like they were pulling their pud. He takes the pistol back and demonstrates an exaggerated gangsta grip. He gives it back to the customer, turns to Serling.
4) 79) dialog: Help you, mister?
4) 81) dialog: Yeah. Let's go out back. Browder, take over here. Monfriez leads Serling through the store, into the back, past the inventory to a small indoor range.
5) 1) dialog: Hey, Colonel, you heard about the Polish proctologist, uses two fingers so he can get a second opinion. He waits for the laugh, sees he's not going to get it, si down at the bench where a pistol and a box of ammo lay.
5) 2) dialog: I know why you're here. I'm telling you straight out -- I made my statement. It's in writing. (MORE )
5) 4) dialog: I don't gotta say diddly more. I don't work for Uncle Sam anymore. I got this store, half of it anyway. You know how they make Mexican shishkabob? They shoot an arrow into a garbage can. He shoots at the target, looks at the results, fiddles wi the gunsights.
5) 6) dialog: If you can ask the question you ain't been in it long enough to understand. Know the definition of a Jewish nympho? She does it once a month whether she wants to or not. He shoots again, adjusts sights again.
5) 8) dialog: Like I said, you got it on paper. I got nothing to add.
5) 12) dialog: Just a few weeks. (MORE )
5) 14) dialog: When she got to Saudi her regular Crew Chief got the chicken pox second day over. Kept a clean ship though. I came from the 232nd. Me and Walden didn't hit it off. I'll be honest.
5) 16) dialog: There's this kind of woman, you don't just meet them in the Army. They want a man's job, they figure the way to be is tougher than a man. I don't fault ‘em none. It's a tough row to hoe, but they end up being one thing... He looks to Serling to finish.
5) 17) dialog: ...a bitch. You know, like that Margaret Thatcher, full tilt flaming bitch. He shoots. Then as an afterthought, a punctuation, again.
5) 19) dialog: She was alright. Hey, she could fly. That was her job. But, hell you can train a ten year old to fly a UH1, that don't make them Norman Fucking Schwartzkopf. She got on my ass, but I put her right. Here try it. He hands the gun to Serling, who aims. BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Serling empties the magazine at the target.
5) 20) dialog: Nice shot group. Yeah, after I sighted it in. You done with your questions?
5) 22) dialog: Yes, you are. You're done now. He walks out, carrying the pistol. Serling follows.
6) 2) dialog: The other two weepy ass wipes talked me into it. Look, she gets the Medal. Fine. Fine by me. Lotta good it's gonna do her. Shit, maybe I can sell my story to People magazine. Maybe a TV movie. Otherwise this whole thing ain't worth the hole in a chicken's ass to me. Goodbye. Browder, call Dr. Witkin, tell him his pistol's sighted in. Serling doesn't leave.
6) 3) dialog: Colonel, you know what to do if you get a hang fire? When you pull the trigger and the round doesn't go off?
6) 5) dialog: You know why? Sometimes the primer just cooks. Could be a slow burner. It could still go off. And if you open your weapon to take the round out ... ? It might blow up in your face. Leave this round in the chamber, Colonel. Leave it be. Serling looks at him.
8) 18) dialog: You're in a world of hurt unless you start paying attention to your cards. Captain W's okay. Takes care of her ship.
8) 20) dialog: And her crew. Our job is to help people, remember. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 117.
8) 28) dialog: Maybe this isn't one of your precious Blackhawks, but she'll do the job. When the last Blackhawk is towed to the junkyard, the crew will fly home in a Huey.
8) 32) dialog: She's fine, Captain. It ain't healthy, but it ain't going to kill her.
8) 56) dialog: Stable. Nothing prime. Rady's right, Cap, we'd need a jet with a two-ton bomb to take out that tank.
8) 60) dialog: Ready, Cap! Not quite, he's still fumbling with the straps. Altameyer is scrambling to load the flare gun. Ilario is braced in his seat, frozen in fear.
8) 67) dialog: We gotta get out of here. There's hundreds of them! We can't fight this!
8) 74) dialog: Yeah, the Blackhawk! We'll be safe there! Let's go.
8) 80) dialog: What?!
8) 82) dialog: We gotta get out of here!
8) 89) dialog: You know at dawn we're dead. They'll have reinforcements. We have to get to the Blackhawk before first light.
8) 92) dialog: Rady's dead. He'll never make it. You know that, I know that.
8) 94) dialog: So do I. Ilario?
8) 96) dialog: It's a majority.
8) 104) dialog: Of course they are. What would you do? I say we make for the Blackhawk now.
8) 107) dialog: You don't have to go with us, Captain. We don't even need your permission. That gets Altameyer and Ilario's attention.
8) 114) dialog: Give it back. She turns to face Monfriez. He has his Beretta aimed at her. That jerks Ilario back to reality.
8) 116) dialog: She's trying to get us killed. It's us or her. Who you with, Ilario?
8) 121) dialog: We gotta out of here. They'll try again. Give me the 16, Cap. She looks at him.
8) 129) dialog: What are you going to do, keep watch on us all night? You're hurt. You're tired. You won't last 'til first light. She doesn't answer, shifts her position, gasps from the p that shoots through her. Monfriez moves forward. She poin the Beretta at him.
8) 134) dialog: You can't stay awake. You won't last to first light. She just stares at him, grimly determined. Ilario starts crying. For himself? For her? Hard to tell.
8) 137) dialog: I've got movement over here, too. What now! Captain?
8) 141) dialog: What are you going to do, Captain? Fight them all by yourself? She frowns, weak, thinking slow.
8) 143) dialog: What are you going to do, Captain? Ilario is overwhelmed, looking at Walden.
8) 146) dialog: What are you going to do, Captain?
9) 0) text: Monfriez is leaning across to shout to Teegarden.
9) 1) dialog: Walden and Rady are dead!
9) 3) dialog: Dead! Let's get out of here! Teegarden lifts the Huey away. Ilario looks at Monfriez a Altameyer. Both stare him down. He looks out the chopper door. The jets drop their bombs on the Huey. White phosphorus explodes, brilliant blossoms of fire bloom on desert. White smoke, white fire. And death. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 130.
9) 18) dialog: So I'm here to finish the job. Serling turns. Monfriez stands there. CAR-15 with a homem silencer at his side.
9) 19) dialog: Good work, Ilario. I told you you'd find a way to keep him here.
9) 21) dialog: No, it isn't. I'm not going to Leavenworth just because you couldn't hold your water. He raises the gun and points it at Serling. Ilario, steps between them.
9) 23) dialog: Okay. And he shoots. Ilario takes a slug in the chest, goes dow Serling tosses his T-shirts into Monfriez face. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 132. Then kicks Monfriez into the river! Monfriez goes under with a big splash! Serling goes to Ilario. Ilario looks a the hole in his chest.
9) 27) dialog: Sorry it's only a one-gun salute, Colonel.
9) 30) dialog: C'mon guys. Take it like a man. Ilario slumps against the wall. Serling looks for a way out. There is none.
9) 32) dialog: I did what I had to do.
9) 34) dialog: I wanted to survive. Serling finds a wrench on the floor. A bigass monkey wren He hefts it in his hand. A weapon. He looks at Ilario, wh shakes his head sadly.
9) 36) dialog: That's all bullshit.
9) 38) dialog: Not for long. And he is at the end of the narrow hall. He smiles.
9) 39) dialog: Let's see how brave you are, Colonel. He comes at them. Serling raises the monkey wrench. Monfr looks at it.
9) 40) dialog: You'll never get close enough to use it. And he keeps coming. Serling brings the wrench down -- on the acetylene tank nozzle. The nozzle breaks off! Gas sho out of the tank at a fierce rate. The tank is propelled down the hall like a rocket, the wh of the cart sing. The tank and cart ricochet off both wal Monfriez doesn't know which way to jump. Sparks fly as me grinds against concrete. The gas ignites. The tank goes faster. It hits Monfriez in the chest. Blows him into the back wall. Through the wall!!! Both Monfriez and the tank arc out over the river. They splash into it. Serling and Ilario stagger, limp to the hole in the wall. They look down. In time to see Monfriez bob to the surface. Dead. Chest crushed.