13) 9) dialog: 
13) 16) dialog: Ah, the Countess. A descendant of Giuseppe Garibaldi, no less.
13) 18) dialog: Somewhere between my blackout in Lake Como and my hangover in Ste- Maxime. If you could find out AND get her name, that would be great. But enough about that, I want to hear about all of you. Leo, how was your showing at Galerie Des Points? The silence around the table indicates - "not so good".
13) 22) dialog: (to Barney) And so, my High Priest, did you get through those books I sent you?
13) 24) dialog: Only a few? I sent them months ago. What have you been doing with yourself?
13) 26) dialog: What?! To who?
13) 33) dialog: Okay, A toast to the newlyweds! To your health, your happiness- -
14) 0) text: Closing down the bar, the whole gang pours out into the street. Barney and Boogie lead the way, sharing a flask Barney shlepping Leo's painting with him.
14) 1) dialog: Why did you agree to marry her?
14) 3) dialog: So? Clara's crazy. She's a conversation piece, not a wife. And how do you even know it's yours?
14) 5) dialog: If you say so. Boogie turns to the gang: Leo pulling up the rear with hi girl. Cedric walking with one arm around Clara and the ot around the Countess, who is quite smitten with him.
14) 6) dialog: So what's the plan everyone? What are we doing?
14) 9) dialog: Oh, come on. TI don't believe what I'm seeing.
14) 11) dialog: He's coming with me. WHITE 10-23-09 16.
14) 13) dialog: Taking him out for a proper bachelor party.
14) 15) dialog: You don't own him just yet. Boogie drags Barney down a side street.
14) 16) dialog: Got any money?
14) 18) dialog: Provisions.
15) 0) text: Laid out on the table in Boogie's hotel room: A bottle of Scotch, two packs of Gauloises, a pack of rol papers, a small ball of TINFOIL. Barney finds two clean glasses in the messy room and pour them each a drink. Boogie unwraps the tinfoil to reveal a ball of OPIUM inside. Then gathers his drug paraphernalia
15) 1) dialog: We have to do it all, Barney. Opium, Horse, Hash - everything under and behind the sun, on and off the table. We only go around once. They toast and drink. Boogie then hands Barney a thick MANUSCRIPT off the floor
15) 3) dialog: Not quite yet. But you can read it so far. Barney drops onto the mattress and starts right away.
15) 7) dialog: They're not.
15) 9) dialog: I didn't submit it.
15) 11) dialog: I told you, it's not finished yet. And anyway, I'm never giving it to that feckless editor.
15) 13) dialog: I wrote him another one.
15) 17) dialog: It's a new interpretation of the Book of Job, as told through Vanessa's vaginal lips. Pious and pristine Vanessa's Pussy is a pillar of religious devotion. Then one day, without warning or reason, Vanessa's Pussy is suddenly fucked over and over and over again by The Supreme Being; a deity who erects himself into this temporal world as The Great Cock. After an ungodly amount of (MORE )
15) 19) dialog: drilling, and now a shell of the hole she used to be, Vanessa's Pussy surrenders her absolute devotion to The Great Cock. As reward, her elasticity is restored, but she's left with a recurring odorous rash. (beat) For some reason the editor passed. Barney looks at him dumfounded.
15) 21) dialog: Was. Boogie takes a hit off the pipe. Barney tries to stare hi down like a disapproving parent, but the sheer bravado of the story makes them both crack up.
16) 0) text: Wedding day. Boogie, Cedric, Leo accompany Barney and Cla up the steps to the Mayor's Marriage Office. Clara is seven months pregnant, wearing a black veil. Ced helps her up the stairs. Barney wears a mix and match tuxedo. He and Boogie walk ahead of the others.
16) 1) dialog: Listen, you don't have to go through with this.
16) 3) dialog: I'm just saying, no one will think anything less of you. WHITE 10-23-09 19.
22) 0) text: Barney walks down the hallway where his friends are gathe and looking somber. The Countess and Leo are consoling Cedric. Barney makes a bee-line for Cedric and SUCKER PUN him. Boogie jumps in and wrestles Barney away from Cedric
22) 1) dialog: Easy, man. C'mon. He just lost a son. Barney looks at Boogie - "what the fuck?". With an incredulous grunt, he walks off.
26) 0) text: Barney is aggressively chopping vegetables as he prepares food. Boogie crumples some hash to roll in a joint.
26) 2) dialog: Pass the lighter off the table. Barney reaches for the lighter. He sees an ENVELOPE addre to him. He opens it and pulls out a HANDWRITTEN NOTE:
26) 5) dialog: What? Oh, that. Shit. Sorry, I forgot. I think it came a few days ago. Barney looks at Boogie with disgust, throwing the lighter him on his way out the door.
44) 25) dialog: Has it really? Shit, have I got stories for you.
44) 27) dialog: Listen, man, are you sure you want to go through with this? We can turn around and be on a flight to Rome in a few hours - no questions asked. Lunch at Dal Bolognese on me.
44) 29) dialog: I don't know. Brides tend to be a little touchy about things like that.
46) 4) dialog: Mazel Tov!!
48) 0) text: Boogie emerges from behind the band, wiping his nose from having just done a hit of coke. He joins Barney, Izzy and friends at the bar watching the game.
51) 3) dialog: I'll never miss any of your weddings. They knock glasses.
51) 4) dialog: Oh, I almost forgot. Boogie rifles through his pockets then hands Barney a NOT WHITE 10-23-09 45.
51) 5) dialog: Classy dame. Smart as a whip too.
70) 0) text: Barney waits in his car outside a fleabag hotel. Boogie emerges from the building, high, stumbles toward Barney's car. He looks like the full-fledged junkie he has become. His appearance is shocking to Barney.
70) 1) dialog: Guess I don't qualify for the "you look great" greeting.
70) 4) dialog: C'mon, I was on a fifteen hour flight I had to fix one more time. (beat) I'm really going to kick this time. A week locked up in the country and I'll be good as new.
71) 0) text: Barney pulls up to the cottage with Boogie passed out in front seat. THE SECOND MRS. P is on the porch, drinking wine, looking very attractive in a tight fitting summer d Barney helps Boogie up the steps.
72) 0) text: Barney drops Boogie onto the bed. He's out cold.
81) 0) text: The Second Mrs. P, naked, moaning, and riding Boogie in t midst of hot, hard sex until she sees Barney:
87) 0) text: Barney walks in to find Boogie chugging right from a bott of Scotch. He's already very drunk.
87) 2) dialog: What you should have done was call first. Boogie pours Barney a glass, who reticently takes it.
87) 4) dialog: She did it to me. It was innocent enough to start with - she brought me something to eat, started talking - you know how that goes - tells me how you've been shirking your husbandly duties, que sera sera...
87) 6) dialog: It was the only thing that would shut her up. Boogie shakes the empty Scotch bottle at Barney.
87) 8) dialog: You sly bastard - you planned this all along.
87) 10) dialog: I don't see any Scotch, but look here... Boogie comes back up with an open WOOD BOX containing the GUN from Izzy. He takes it out, waves it around.
87) 11) dialog: What do you say? Duel at high noon? But I don't think we have enough booze to get us there. Barney grabs the gun away from Boogie.
88) 0) text: Ice is dropped into two tumblers. More Scotch poured. They've gone through half the bottle and are visibly drun Boogie peruses Barney's book collection. He picks up Clar sketch that's leaning against the wall. WHITE 10-23-09 68.
88) 1) dialog: Did you hear they named a new auditorium at Barnard after her? Crazy Clara Chambers - she wasn't too bad a poet, actually. I bet this is worth a pretty penny now. Hey, who gets the residuals from her books?
88) 3) dialog: I'll think about it.
88) 5) dialog: Really?
88) 7) dialog: I wasn't counting.
88) 9) dialog: You sure about that?
88) 11) dialog: Well isn't this getting interesting. But I'd like to go for a swim and think it over. You must have a snorkel and flippers here. Boogie grabs the bottle of Scotch and heads to the sunroo Barney follows him out, the gun still in his sweater pock
89) 0) text: Boogie rifles through a trunk and finally comes up with a SNORKEL, MASK AND FLIPPERS. WHITE 10-23-09 69.
89) 2) dialog: Are you asking as a friend or an investor?
89) 4) dialog: I'm still working on it.
89) 6) dialog: Oh, have I let poor Barney down?
89) 8) dialog: Too fucking bad. You know what, man? I brought you in. I educated you. I put the right books in your hands, and look what you've become. A TV hustler, married to a rich man's vulgar daughter.
89) 10) dialog: And she wasn't the only wife of yours I had. Next time I'm in New York I'll call on your tart and make it a trifecta. Boogie pushes through the screen door
90) 0) text: Boogie staggers toward the dock, drunk and barely able to walk a straight line.
90) 4) dialog: Nothing. Absolutely nothing happened to me; and that's what you take as a personal offense. I am not your pet project. Not your vicarious life. Not your hope.
90) 7) dialog: Let me recommend another book to stock your shelf with; "The Life of Heinrich Heine", who upon his death bed was begged by his loved ones to ask for God's forgiveness before he passed. But good old Heinrich had only this to say: "God will surely forgive me - after all, that's his fucking job".
90) 9) dialog: I'm going for a swim. Boogie slips on the flippers, waddles onto the dock
90) 11) dialog: There you go! But this time shoot it at me you fucking coward! See for yourself what's really inside this mossy, dampened cavity you think is a heart. C'mon, do it! Barney stares him down. A silent rage boiling inside. Boo grins, snaps on the goggles and the snorkel, spreads his arms wide, tilts his head back... WHITE 10-23-09 71.
94) 2) dialog: 