13) 27) dialog: To me. Boogie turns around to find CLARA CHAMBERS (26), tall, sk pale and beautiful, gypsy shawl and skirt. Three months pregnant, and slightly showing at her belly. She downs a shot of Grappa and lights a cigarette as she sits.
13) 28) dialog: Prince Charmingbaum here knocked me up by way of a magical thirty seconds of friction.
13) 30) dialog: Who remembers? (to Boogie) Has he told you what he's doing now? Exporting olive oil to some guy, Hymie back in Montreal. It's like a bad Jewish sitcom.
13) 32) dialog: He comes to Europe and sells oil. It's fucking humiliating. You're not one of us. You're a voyeur--
13) 34) dialog: (at Barney) And a three inch prick
13) 37) dialog: I'm sorry, baby. You're still my yummy yid. WHITE 10-23-09 15. She gets on his lap, curling herself around him like a ca He starts to soften, the party around them continues on..
14) 10) dialog: (lighting a cigarette) Count me out. I'm already hung over and I'm not even done being drunk yet. Oh, yeah, and I'm fucking pregnant too. C'mon, Barney.
14) 12) dialog: Where are you going?
14) 14) dialog: Oh no, you're not.
16) 0) text: Wedding day. Boogie, Cedric, Leo accompany Barney and Cla up the steps to the Mayor's Marriage Office. Clara is seven months pregnant, wearing a black veil. Ced helps her up the stairs. Barney wears a mix and match tuxedo. He and Boogie walk ahead of the others.
17) 7) dialog: I was married to a Russian gangster for maybe five days. I ran away on the honeymoon. I just never bothered to do the paperwork to change the name back.
17) 9) dialog: Don't worry, you still got yourself a true blue Shiksa. WHITE 10-23-09 20.
17) 11) dialog: Only two - Yosel and Chaim. They're locked in our attic. When you're out getting the hockey scores I let them down and force feed them pork roast milkshakes through a funnel. Dumfounded silence. Then -- Clara SNATCHES the pen from Barney's hand and signs the license in a flash.
17) 12) dialog: There.
18) 0) text: THUNDER and LIGHTENING rage outside. Barney holds Clara in his arms as she is curled on the be clutching her black wedding veil, trembling with white kn fear; a child terrified of the thunder. All around the apartment we see scraps of half written po sketches and paintings.
18) 1) dialog: I'm sorry. (beat) You still love your crazy Clara, don't you?
18) 3) dialog: Maybe a piece of fruit. Barney reaches over and hands her a BANANA off the table. Clara begins to peel it from the WRONG END.
18) 5) dialog: I read somewhere this is how monkeys do it. I figured they should know. She may be crazy, but she has her odd charms. Barney hold her tight as she flinches at another rumble of thunder
21) 0) text: Barney enters and sits at Clara's bedside. She's sketchin a picture of Barney on a pad as they talk. Barney won't look her in the eye. WHITE 10-23-09 22.
21) 1) dialog: Every four hours they attach clamps to my nipples and milk me like a cow. (beat) I was sure it was yours--
21) 3) dialog: Oh Barney, you really do wear your heart on your sleeve. (beat) Now put it away, it's disgusting to look at.
21) 5) dialog: I'm not going to let you divorce me! Barney is already out the door
23) 0) text: Barney helps Clara out of a taxi and into their apartment building.
24) 0) text: Barney helps Clara onto the bed, pours her a glass of wat
24) 1) dialog: Okay, I'm ready to talk now. Barney waits. WHITE 10-23-09 23.
24) 2) dialog: I've already spoken with a lawyer. If you divorce me I'm entitled to half your income for the rest of your life.
24) 4) dialog: Surprise. Not all us Shiksa's are chumps. (lights a cigarette) Look, I'm not a pig despite what you might think. I'll settle for a year's rent on this dump and an allowance of fifty dollars a week.
24) 6) dialog: Oh look, the color's come back into your cheeks. Now you can finally go back home, tongue your way into proper society and find yourself a nice Jewish girl - someone who shops.
24) 8) dialog: Come now, I did you a great favor. You'll be able to entertain them all at the United Jewish Appeal galas with stories about Crazy Clara Chambers before she got famous. Now get the hell out while I try and rustle up a proper fuck. Barney walks out and never looks back.
25) 0) text: Clara runs out and screams down the stairwell after Barne
25) 1) dialog: Wait! I'm sorry, Barney! Let's start over! Please, Barney! Please!
30) 0) text: Where Clara lies dead on the bed. An empty bottle of slee pills at her side. Her sketches and poetry scattered all over the room. Barney drops to her, feels for a pulse. Nothing. His eyes well up with tears...
31) 0) text: PANNING OVER soiled laundry, empty wine bottles, ashtrays the abstract painting of Leo's... to a hung over Barney, snoozing on the sofa, wakening to a POUNDING on the door. Rising unsteadily, Barney climbs over packed cartons labe "Clara's poetry, Clara's Sketches, Clara's Paintings". He opens the door. CHARNOFSKY (50), stands there. An Orthodox Jew, black hat black wool coat and a Van Dyke beard. His tie has been ne rent (cut) with scissors.
96) 0) text: Barney opens the refrigerator and passes O'Hearne a cold O'Hearne saunters through the house, sipping the beer He stops at the FRAMED SKETCH BY CLARA leaning against th
179) 0) text: Where they pass the well known sketch by Clara.