13) 7) dialog: To Cedric, living the lessons of the Bard: "be as great in act, as you have in thought". Everyone toasts. Barney's eyes light up as he leaps from his chair to greet --
13) 17) dialog: Where did you meet her?
13) 20) dialog: The show was a bust. I only sold one piece - to Barney. Barney holds up the painting to show Boogie.
14) 0) text: Closing down the bar, the whole gang pours out into the street. Barney and Boogie lead the way, sharing a flask Barney shlepping Leo's painting with him.
14) 8) dialog: Yeah, I'm exhausted.
16) 0) text: Wedding day. Boogie, Cedric, Leo accompany Barney and Cla up the steps to the Mayor's Marriage Office. Clara is seven months pregnant, wearing a black veil. Ced helps her up the stairs. Barney wears a mix and match tuxedo. He and Boogie walk ahead of the others.
22) 0) text: Barney walks down the hallway where his friends are gathe and looking somber. The Countess and Leo are consoling Cedric. Barney makes a bee-line for Cedric and SUCKER PUN him. Boogie jumps in and wrestles Barney away from Cedric
31) 0) text: PANNING OVER soiled laundry, empty wine bottles, ashtrays the abstract painting of Leo's... to a hung over Barney, snoozing on the sofa, wakening to a POUNDING on the door. Rising unsteadily, Barney climbs over packed cartons labe "Clara's poetry, Clara's Sketches, Clara's Paintings". He opens the door. CHARNOFSKY (50), stands there. An Orthodox Jew, black hat black wool coat and a Van Dyke beard. His tie has been ne rent (cut) with scissors.
143) 0) text: Miriam is interviewing Barney's old friend, LEO FASOLI (6 He's now a famous painter with an air of success and grav about him. Barney and Blair watch from the booth, along with Leo's f of the month, a stunning 28 year old BIMBO.
143) 2) dialog: It proved to be more difficult than I originally thought it would be.
143) 4) dialog: Andre Gide, the French author, once said "nothing is as destructive to happiness as the remembrance of happiness lost".
144) 0) text: Barney escorts Leo and his Bimbo out. A LIMO waits right outside the door. Leo lights a cigarette. For all his success, there's a sense of melancholy to him.
144) 1) dialog: (to Bimbo) A spetta un minuto, cara mia.
144) 5) dialog: It was my pleasure. She's an amazing woman.
144) 7) dialog: There's nothing I would enjoy more but I have to get back to New York. They hug.
144) 8) dialog: You've made a wonderful life for yourself. It makes me happy. Leo gets in the limo and is driven away. WHITE 10-23-09 104.
147) 19) text: ON THE DRAPERY is a PHOTO OF LEO from back in his Rome da The thought of his departed friend hits him hard. The tax pulls away.
166) 0) text: Barney's sitting at his desk. His eyes drifting over old photographs and items of nostalgia. The final bars of Leo Cohen's "I'm Your Man" playing on Miriam's radio show.