0) 2) text: He's 25 feet from the top. He drives a first ice pick in. toehold. But when he slams the second pick in -
1) 0) text: Exhausted, Bond reaches up, over the edge. He drives a pi through the ice, into the hard, flat, ground beneath the As he pulls himself up, (his full weight on the first ice smashes a second pick through the ice, into the waterbed,
3) 0) text: Bond hurtles over the side, going airborne, landing 100 f amidst boulders. In perfect Olympic form, he skis out, an
4) 0) text: Bond slaloms down, in and out of trees, to avoid detectio bottom, where the snow thins, he comes to: A ROCK OUTCROPPING. Hiding behind the rock, Bond takes off his skis, knapsack unpacks (and unfolds) a HIGH TECH AUTOMATIC RIFLE. Puts o HEADSET. He creeps up on the rock, and looks out on:
4) 8) dialog: ... What were you saying, Admiral? Something about this 'not being a job for a wine-sniffing, skirt-chasing playboy spy?'
4) 10) dialog: What do they say in Russia, General Bukharin? (asks questions in flawless Russian)
4) 13) dialog: I'm interested in success, Admiral. Not who gets credit. (turning to:)
4) 14) text: Mr. Tanner: What have we got? Tanner points to the video wall with a RED LASER PEN.
4) 16) text: A regular terrorist swap meet. Death at discount: Two Chinese Long March Scuds, a pair of Soviet A-17 attack helicopters -
4) 20) text: Something for everyone. Fun for the whole family.
4) 21) dialog: (freezing him with a glance)
4) 28) text: Aces high, seven. Bid to the east. Bond shifts his aim, east. (Intercut as necessary) He zer another face, and the man's stats appear in London.
4) 30) text: Full house, seven. Bid to the North. Bond complies. Another face, another set of stats:
4) 33) text: I've seen enough. Let's finish this. (ordering M:)
4) 34) text: Tell your man to drop back. We're initiating plan B -
4) 35) dialog: But -
4) 37) text: Are we in agreement?
4) 40) dialog: Admiral - Moving swiftly, the Admiral has picked up a RED PHONE:
7) 0) text: A launcher rotates, and - BOOM - a Cruise missile blasts
8) 3) text: Time to target: Four minutes.
8) 5) dialog: (urgently, to Tanner)
8) 13) dialog: Who is it?
8) 15) text: Kim Dae Yung. North Korean Nuclear specialist.
8) 16) dialog: Meaning there may be nuclear material down there? Tanner nods. A look passes from M, to Bukharin, to Roebuc
8) 20) text: Target acquired. Weapon armed. Tension. Adrenaline. QUIET PANIC. On the SCREEN, the FORK pulled a RED BOX from the truck, a SHORT ROUND MAN appear
8) 21) dialog: Who is that?!? What's in the box??
8) 24) dialog: (to Bukharin)
8) 28) dialog: Will it go off?
8) 30) dialog: Abort the cruise.
8) 32) dialog: 
8) 40) dialog: Will the cruise set it off?
8) 45) dialog: Get me the Prime Minister. Alert NATO, the CIA, the Pentagon. (presses a button:)
9) 0) text: Bond goes into evasive maneuvers - jinks right, jinks lef suddenly, THE COPILOT REVIVES, and starts trying to STRAN with a METAL LANYARD. Struggling, Bond HEARS a THIN HIGH-
10) 0) text: The pilot has locked onto Bond's MiG. Boom! TWO HEAT-SEEK MISSILES roar away.
11) 0) text: Fighting the garrote, Bond KICKS THE THROTTLES forward an ON THE YOKE. The MiG goes into a spine crushing climb as THE TWO HEAT SEEKING MISSILES FOLLOW HIM, LOOPING UPWARD.
12) 0) text: Bond's MiG has disappeared from the pilot's view: Not in on the left. Not on the right. Where did he go? The pilot
13) 0) text: Fighting against the garrote, Bond strains to reach a RED the panel: COPILOT EJECTOR SEAT. Bond finally taps it, and - THE BACK HALF OF THE CANOPY B The COPILOT BLASTS OUT OF THE PLANE, DOWNWARD, directly i cockpit. Bond peels off. For a second, MiG-2 hangs in the air. Until... BOOM!!! Th SEEKING MISSILES BLAST IT TO SMITHEREENS. Back in MiG-1, Bond fiddles with the radio.
14) 0) text: Goes to AFTERBURNERS. And from the fiery glow of the engi
15) 0) text: All ivy and bricks... And a certain Aston-Martin DB-5, pa
16) 0) text: Afterglow: Empty champagne bottle. Rumpled sheets on a sl Bond is in bed with a smart, IRONIC, (and, yes, stunning, Chinese woman, JENNY WU. (NOTE: The Chinese here is Manda phonetically.)
16) 15) text: I'm late. I have to get dressed. She hops off the bed, leaving frame. Bond settles back on headboard, ready to enjoy the view... When his CELL PHONE
16) 17) text: Hello - (catching himself)
16) 18) text: Hello. INT. M'S ANTEROOM - MI-6. MONEYPENNY, at her desk.
17) 4) text: Moneypenny... Here I was, finally getting a feel for a new tongue -
17) 13) dialog: Don't tell. (walking away)
18) 0) text: Bond and Jenny Wu emerge from the office. (She's still in They pass a flock of young students:
18) 8) text: Valentin Zukofsky's stunning victory in the Ukrainian Presidential elections... (mortise shot of:)
18) 9) text: Live coverage of the latest HNN communications satellite launch from Xichang (shi-chung) China... And - (mortise shot of:)
18) 10) text: A special report on the situation in Hong Kong, since the Chinese take- over from Great Britain.
20) 0) text: Debriefing: Bond, M, and several others listen as NATO CO DOMINIQUE EVERHART, (early 30's, Belgian,) refers to vide the Khyber Pass sequence:
20) 2) dialog: And that's enough enriched uranium to produce how many nuclear devices?
20) 4) dialog: And the participants?
20) 6) text: Kim Dae Yung. Moscow-trained North Korean nuclear weapons specialist; apparently fell out of favor with the current North Korean regime after a botched attempt to steal fissionable material from a British light-water reactor in South Africa - an accident that left him entirely hairless... Another face appears on the screen: COL. DOMINIQUE EVERHART (cont'd)
20) 7) text: And Rendera Sikrahm, also known as Richard Stamper. Freelance mercenary, Laos and Cambodia. His father was from Nepal - a Ghurka warrior - con- scripted by the British government to fight in China during World War II - after which the family settled in Hong Kong, where the young Stamper was undoubtedly treated like a second class citizen by both the Hong Kong Chinese, and local British. (beat, aside:)
20) 8) text: We've all read about the signs at the British swimming pools in Hong Kong that said "No Ghurka's allowed."
20) 11) text: In conclusion: Both these men have a vendetta against the world. They are nuclear armed, and dangerous. And having failed to get the UZ35 through the old opium route - the Khyber Pass - it's NATO's belief that their next attempt will be through Bulgaria - where the NATO Nuclear Strike Force will be there to stop them.
20) 12) dialog: Thank you Colonel Everhart. (stands, turns to:)
20) 13) text: 007, I'd like to see you in my office. Why don't you and the Colonel exchange numbers if you need more information?
20) 19) text: Do you have a pen? I just got promoted and don't have my new cards yet.
20) 29) text: I didn't think so. For an instant, something crosses Bond's face: Bitterswee morse? Either way, she's scored a subtle victory.
21) 0) text: Where Bond encounters MONEYPENNY, also walking to M's off
22) 3) text: Somehow the reality is never as... Satisfying as the fantasy. Bond scowls. Moneypenny smiles wryly, points to the inner
23) 0) text: M is behind her desk; MINISTER PETER JOHNSTONE sits acros handed Teflon-coated politician, with the survival instin plutonium. They've been arguing.
23) 1) dialog: Come in, 007. You know the Minister?
23) 3) text: Minister Johnstone.
23) 6) dialog: Tell me, 007, what do you know about Elliot Harmsway?
23) 12) text: Occasionally, yes. (directly to M)
23) 13) text: British media mogul. Born in Hong Kong; controls newspapers, TV, radio, cable, satellites; books, magazines, movies, computer software. Theme parks.
23) 14) dialog: (holding up a copy of:)
23) 15) text: - Along with Tomorrow - the first world-wide newspaper. Circulation 27 million. Daily. -
23) 18) text: Exactly. Bond looks at Johnstone quizzically. Then a very tight-li senses he's about to enter a minefield:
23) 20) dialog: It seems, 007, we've received a tip
23) 22) dialog: - that Sir Elliot may be involved with Stamper and Yung, and the missing Uranium.
23) 24) dialog: That may be the case at present, Minister Johnstone... But our own sources suspect that Mr. Harmsway used his considerable Russian media - holdings to elect Valentin Zukofsky President of the Ukraine - in trade for the uranium. (M has punched a button, and Valentin's video bio has app
23) 29) text: Need I remind the two of you that Elliot Harmsway - Sir Elliot Harmsway - is directly descended from the Earl of Aberdeen? That his Scottish ancestors practically invented Hong Kong - and out of sheer gratitude, Queen Victoria herself named the port "Aberdeen Harbor" in their honor?
23) 30) dialog: (long pause, then:)
23) 31) text: ... No more than I need remind you, Minister, that merely being a member of the lucky sperm club - does not preclude one from a life of criminal activity. Johnstone is reeling. M continues, to Bond, with aplomb:
23) 32) dialog: The reason I invited the Minister here, 007, was to reassure him that this investigation will be handled with the utmost discretion.
23) 34) dialog: Which is also why I've withheld this information from NATO and our allies.
23) 36) text: ... Didn't we once investigate Harmsway?
23) 37) dialog: Yes. 1988. He was furious at the British plan to return Hong Kong, and supposedly started his own negotiations with the Chinese Government. The inquiry went nowhere - but it did earn MI-6 a rather powerful enemy -
23) 39) dialog: (a beat, then:)
23) 40) text: I'm sending you to Venice, 007. You're to check out the source, determine whether Elliot Harmsway is involved with the enriched uranium, and, if so, stop him.
23) 42) dialog: You're to wear this mask at the Venice Carnival, and wait to be contacted.
23) 45) text: There is one last thing, 007: Elliot Harmsway is vital to the economic interests of this nation. He's also a major contributor to the party. I expect him to be given every consideration.
23) 48) text: In fact, I was never here. And he exits. M, frowning, hits a button on her intercom:
23) 49) dialog: Would you send in the new man from equipment branch?
23) 52) dialog: We serve the interests of the British people, 007. No matter who we may be foolish enough to elect. Bond is silent, chastised. M looks away, then looks back:
23) 53) dialog: But if Elliot Harmsway is involved with that uranium, I want him prosecuted to the ends of the earth.
23) 55) dialog: Come in, Saunders.
23) 69) text: Sonar torpedoes. Retirement gift from his friends at the CIA. Saunders has opened the briefcase. Bond tries to look ins Saunders repositions it. Saunders continues:
23) 71) text: Cigarette lighter. Thumb here, press here - A small flame appears. Bond, unimpressed, reaches for it
23) 79) text: Cut them to regulate the size of the blast; totally harmless until you attach the detonator hidden in the heel of your shoe.
23) 81) text: Perfect way to tie up a... 'Knotty' problem?
23) 83) text: Moving along - (he produces:)
23) 84) text: A typical plastic security card. Name here, magnetic information stripe here - (pointing to)
23) 85) text: And a code breaking microprocessor here. Swipe it through any card reader - anywhere - you're in.
23) 91) text: Finally, your new watch: Blue laser here for signaling or burning through locks; press this button, the sweep hand becomes a Geiger counter.
23) 93) text: If you can't do the time, don't do the crime?
23) 95) text: Oh. I almost forgot. There is one last thing: Before Q retired, he asked that I give you one other protective device. He hands Bond a WEDDING BAND.
23) 98) text: "Hopefully, nothing." Bond turns from Saunder's devious grin to an amused M. Sm
23) 100) dialog: Good luck on your mission, 007. He snaps the ring down on her desk.
24) 0) text: A GLEAMING WHITE YACHT - with two on-board helicopters, a tarped hold - dominates the harbor. (Harmsway's SEA DOLPH Tonight, however, we find a GONDOLA, gliding through the Arriving at a festively-lit dock, crowded with gaily cost partygoers and musicians in medieval garb. Wearing the mask from M's office, (and a bright blue cape alights the gondola, and plunges into the crowd.
25) 0) text: A swirl of colors, noise and music. Pushing his way into celebration, Bond scans the crowd, looking for a face: NOTHING BUT A SEA OF MASKS. White. Yellow. Red. Blue. Caught up in the tumult, he turns left, he strains to tur anxiously looking for the contact. Who is it? THREE MASKED WOMEN appear in front of Bond. They curtsy,
25) 12) text: Is this another one of your games?
25) 19) text: No! He's crazy - he's insane. He hates everybody. He's got these plans - (facing Bond, becoming hysterical:)
25) 20) text: You've got to help me, James. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything. I know I was wrong - but you've got to protect me. I know you still love - BOND SLAPS HER. She's stunned. He waits. She's angered:
25) 23) text: Do you? She turns away. Bond feels remorse for hitting her. Softe
25) 34) text: The leader is STAMPER; the others are locals, THUG #1, #2 #1 is built like a bank vault.) Stamper looks steadily at
26) 0) text: Pushing past carnival-goers, Bond rushes up the central s the bridge. At the top, looking onto the main span, he se THE EFFIGY OF CARNIVAL PROCESSION, approaching like a tid BOND throws a look over his shoulder, and SEES THE THREE up the stairs, knocking people out of the way like bowlin completely unaware of the oncoming parade at the top. BOND turns to face the men... And suddenly THROWS HIS CAP dramatically, like Batman - blocking their view of the pr STAMPER AND THE TWO THUGS hesitate for a moment - And BOND PULLS THE CAPE TO HIS BODY, just as the PROCESSI PAST HIM, and spills down the stairs, overwhelming Stampe
26) 2) text: So that's how he does it. Bond disappears into the oncoming crowd. Stamper and Thug #2 are pushed to the bottom of the stair Thug #1 bulls his way up, shouldering through the crowd.
26) 13) text: Bond heads off down the alleyway, away from the Plaza, to courtyard of Il Bovolo.
26) 31) text: Gripping the pole-ax horizontally in both hands, Thug #1 backward, to a SECOND DISPLAY WALL that features AN IRON (Something like a hinged sarcophagus, lined with spikes.) Thug #1 tries to push 007 into the case, but Bond side-st last minute. Thug #1 lurches forward, and is only stopped killing himself by the pole-ax hitting the sides of the i As Thug #1 steps back, Bond grabs a MORNING-STAR from the studded iron ball on a chain attached to a club) Bond swings the Morning-Star down, SNAPPING THUG #1'S POL TWO... But loses the weapon in the process. Now, Thug #1 lunges for Bond's throat. Grappling, they sl wall next to the IRON MAIDEN - which is STARTING TO COME THE LEATHER STRAPS holding it upright.  - In a near death-grip, Bond manages to push/kick/smash Thu backwards, down onto the floor.
26) 39) text: But the case was terminal. And on this note, we -
27) 0) text: Under a beautiful blue sky, the gleaming white SEA DOLPHI dock, festooned with pennants and banners. There's a crow At the same time, however, 500 feet away...
28) 0) text: Bond meets with Signore DiGIACOMO, a middle-aged Italian official in shirtsleeves. Two underlings hover in the bac
28) 2) text: Si. Bueno. She's very... 'Competent.' ...For a woman.
28) 4) text: You will investigate the boat. You'll signal us if you find the enriched uranium. And then - (distracted)
28) 5) text: Pardon. He looks at a WOMAN who has appeared with a baby in her a
28) 9) text: Of course. DiGIACOMO
28) 10) text: Grazie, grazie. Ciao. She leaves. He turns back Bond: DiGIACOMO
28) 11) text: So. You'll signal us if you find the uranium -
28) 13) text: Perfecto. Then we turn him over to you, and the English government puts him on a military transport back to London. Bond nods, looks over at the Sea Dolphin II. DiGIACOMO
28) 14) text: Do not worry, my friend. I only want what is best. For both of us. Bond stands to leave. DiGiacomo smiles after 007 - as if savoring some private secret. He snaps his fingers to an DiGIACOMO
28) 18) text: That 2/3 of the earth's surface where the sharks are not working members of the press. Laughter. Bond studies the man. Harmsway continues, point LARGE DRILL/BORING OBJECT, the size of a jet engine, atta long flexible hose/tube.
28) 29) text: No comment. Amidst more laughter, Bond disappears into the bulkhead d
29) 0) text: Bond moves cautiously down a STAIRCASE... And peers along a CORRIDOR. He sees a GUARD, checking doo sure they're locked. Bond withdraws for a moment, looks b guard is at the far end of the hall. He lifts a WALKIE-TA
30) 0) text: Bond clocks the lab: Power tools, test benches, a SECOND DOOR... And in the middle of the room - THE RED BOX. Quickly, (as the echoes of Harmsway's press conference ca through the portholes,) Bond examines the edges of the bo for tamper-proof seals. Finds none. Gingerly, he opens it URANIUM SLUGS. They look like black tennis ball canisters BOND presses a button on his watch: THE GEIGER COUNTER CL Bond pauses. Wants to make sure. He spots ANOTHER GEIGER a bench; he moves its probe over the uranium slugs: Same Bond closes the box. He decides to check out the rest of examining gadgets, tools, chemicals. HE OPENS A SHALLOW D And finds a set of BLACK ROTARY CUTTING SAWS, WITH ELONGA (They look almost like a series of sharks' jaws - one ova another ) Bond lifts one - surprised at its extreme weight. He wond is used for. Just then - THERE'S A CLICK AT THE SECOND DOOR. Bond quickly replaces cutting saw, moves to the first door - And as the SECOND DOOR OPENS, Bond slips out the first, i CORRIDOR, down the hall, heading for the stairs.
30) 4) text: But having said that - let's get to the real business - the only thing that attracts newsmen faster than a breaking story the free food and beverage.
31) 0) text: DiGiacomo sees the BLUE LASER. Motions his men to action.
31) 5) text: Or somebody else's business? The goons chortle. Bond isn't happy with this attention. a VIDEO SURVEILLANCE CAMERA ON ONE OF THE MASTS, scanning A WOMAN'S SHRILL WHINING VOICE - brings Bond back to Vale is very colorfully dressed - dripping in high-ticket logo
31) 8) text: New mistress. (to her, impatiently)
31) 14) text: Two vodka martini's. Shaken. Not stirred. (to Bond)
31) 15) text: And you? Bond would rather not drink - but knows that any change f regular behavior might arouse suspicion.
31) 23) text: Elliot! Elliot! Come here. Harmsway appears. Ebullient as ever.
31) 26) text: The name is Bond. James Bond. Harmsway greets Bond with a warm smile. Yet his words are
31) 31) text: 'Biggest followers?' He's practically made a career' of it!! He laughs. Bond decides to pull Harmsway's chain.
31) 34) text: I can tell you're a man with an eye for exquisite possessions, Mr. Bond. (signaling off camera)
31) 35) text: Darling! Come here. (beat)
31) 36) text: I want you to meet my wife. A woman appears in frame, her face obscured by a large su she reveals her face to the camera - and Bond -
31) 40) text: Elliot Harmsway: Under the auspices of the Italian government, I, Franco DiGiacomo - (pauses; smiles at a camera; POP! A flash goes off)
31) 41) text: Am arresting you for the illegal possession of weapons grade enriched uranium. (to his underlings)
31) 42) text: Seize the boat! A set of frozen glances goes from Bond, to Paris, to Harm
31) 45) text: Come. Let me show you. And he leads the procession off, through the bulkhead doo left with Paris. She is white with fear. Bond moves to co
31) 50) text: He didn't want anyone to know. He kept it out of the papers. He said a third wife was bad for his image. (beat)
31) 51) text: You've got to protect me! Bond wants to help her - and follow Harmsway. He pulls ou
31) 55) text: One thing at a time. I'll see you in twenty minutes. Go. She exits; he goes to the bulkhead door... And we pan up SURVEILLANCE CAMERA, following him.
32) 0) text: Harmsway holds court near the red box. Bond squeezes in.
32) 3) text: It's depleted uranium! Completely safe! A child could sleep on it. Bond can't believe what he's seeing. DiGiacomo is mortifi
32) 5) text: It's what I was talking about: 'Swords into plowshares'! The Sprit of International Cooperation! DiGIACOMO
32) 6) text: Signore Harmsway. A thousand apologies. (snaps his fingers to a lackey:)
32) 7) text: Give him the video tape.
32) 13) text: A piece of advice, Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton. (beat)
32) 14) text: It's deadlier than uranium.
32) 16) text: We'll see about that. Harmsway glances at his watch. Smiles coldly.
33) 0) text: Bond rushes down the gangplank, along the dock. Jumps in
34) 0) text: Bond jumps out of the gondola, sprints into the lobby.
35) 0) text: Bond enters the room. Looks around, calling out -
36) 0) text: Paris Harmsway is dead, floating in the water.
36) 2) text: Signore Bond? Bond turns. A flashbulb goes off, capturing Bond and DiGi DiGIACOMO
36) 6) text: BATTLE-DRESSED ROYAL MARINES patrol the deck; GUNNERY CRE weapons. Whatever is going on here, it's not business as
37) 0) text: Close on A VERTICAL GLASS MAP. An electronic panel displa BLINKING YELLOW DOT indicates -
37) 9) text: We're to send one encrypted positioning burst to London every six hours - otherwise, zero electronic emissions. The first officer nods. CAPTAIN (cont'd)
37) 10) text: Inform the men, then run a surprise inspection. If someone paints us, I don't want this ship showing up on their radar screen like some god-damned Harrod's Christmas tree.
38) 0) text: Crowded with CREW MEMBERS eating, waiting on line for foo
39) 0) text: CREW MEMBER with an ELECTRIC SHAVER.
40) 5) text: You couldn't find our signature with a magnifying glass.
41) 0) text: THE BAGPIPE AND DRUM CORPS of the Royal Highland Regiment "Black Watch") is playing a FUNERAL DIRGE outside a vast with a HARMSWAY NEWS HELICOPTER on the lawn, and LIMOUSIN and a FLOWER CAR in the driveway. SIX MEN IN FORMAL MOURNING ATTIRE are entering the house.
42) 0) text: A SINGLE WHITE ROSE is added to a pile of white roses in HARMSWAY'S OPEN CASKET. REVEAL: We're in mid-procession: The last two (of the six outside) place roses in the casket... Then turn, nodding sorrowfully to ELLIOT HARMSWAY (sittin front row of a room that's keen turned into a makeshift c And follow hand signals of STAMPER, who motions them THRO to an unseen room. After the last man has paid his respects, HARMSWAY stands the bier, and - wiping away a tear - places a single RED dead wife's casket.
43) 0) text: We're in a room that looks as if it could only exist in, James Bond movie: Slick, stark, sterile. Steel, glass, ch The SIX men are seated around a giant conference table, l absurdly out of place in their formal mourning attire. Elliot Harmsway enters, (passing what appears to be the L that hangs in the lobby of CAA,) walks to the head of the takes off his gray mourning gloves, slaps them down, and:
43) 2) text: Considering our meeting was already scheduled, this was a happy coincidence. The men nod. Harmsway sits, dims the lights from a contro HARMSWAY (cont'd)
43) 3) text: Number One, your report? A gap-toothed Californian with bland features stands.
43) 5) text: By the time we're finished promoting them on our TV, radio, cable, newspaper, and magazine outlets - (pause)
43) 6) text: There won't be a parent in the universe who won't feel guilty if they don't take their children to our stores and theme parks to buy the toys, books, video- games and clothing featuring our 'lovable little creatures.' (pause)
43) 9) text: Number Two? A young guy with glasses gets up, looking remarkably like
43) 14) text: By the way - Number Five - ? (a man looks up)
43) 15) text: Who's ahead in the American elections?
43) 20) text: Number Three. Your report? A SHORT MIDDLE-EASTERN MAN stands. Nervous.
43) 31) text: Thank you sir! Thank you! Harmsway nods, watching him leave:
43) 35) text: Right here. In the Strait of Malacca.
44) 0) text: Stamper holds the back door open for Number Three. He get
45) 0) text: He seems relieved, until the doors lock, ominously. They
46) 0) text: Number Three fidgets in the back... And notices Stamper s him in the REARVIEW MIRROR. He sees Stamper reach INTO HI and PANICS! Is he going to get shot? Is it over? He wince
47) 0) text: Stamper's limousine parks near a Gulfstream jet. He opens door for Number Three. At last, the man believes he is sa
47) 3) text: Here. Something to read on the plane. Stamper TUCKS THE PAPER FIRMLY UNDER #3'S ARM - and gives friendly pat on the back, sending him up the stairs. At the doorway, Number Three looks back. Stamper smiles,
48) 0) text: Number Three settles into his seat. The door closes; the wind up for take-off. He sighs: He's safe. He casually pi newspaper, snaps open the front page:
48) 1) text: Screaming headline: ISRAELI AGENT REVEALED. There's a FUL PHOTO OF NUMBER THREE underneath. Number Three lowers the paper, white as a ghost, and - TWO ARABIAN GENTLEMEN (in full burnoose) sit down on eith him. They smile. And on NUMBER THREE'S BLOOD-CURDLING SCR
49) 0) text: The room is bathed in blue light as the crew monitors the ble's command and control systems. At the VERTICAL GLASS MAP, the ship's course has been cha Hong Kong, south, down around Singapore, then north, wher BLINKING dot indicates it's currently in the Strait of Ma Standing in front of the map, however, THE NAVIGATION OFF perplexed. He's comparing what's on the screen to a piece in his hand. Something is wrong.
49) 5) text: Rating: What have we got? He joins the RATING and COMMUNICATION'S OFFICERS at their
50) 0) text: As the earth turns below, a TINY SILVER DOT appears in th A COMMUNICATIONS SATELLITE, spinning slowly on its axis. It comes closer and closer to camera, until it FILLS THE the LOGO on its body ROTATES INTO VIEW: HNN. THE HARMSWAY NEWS NETWORK.
50) 5) text: 100 meters out, just below the surface. (adjusts the controls)
50) 6) text: A meter in diameter; ten - twelve meters long. ...Floating vertically?
50) 8) text: Water logged timber. Floats straight up. You sometimes see them on the east side of the channel - from the logging camps on Sumatra - but they don't usually float this far west. (calling out)
50) 9) text: Muncy! Engines to half!
50) 12) text: Chew up a log like that in the propeller, you end up with enough paperwork to go from here to London. Twice.
50) 14) text: Motionless, hanging in the water. Then the monster awakes sphere retracts, revealing a wide angle CAMERA LENS.
51) 0) text: The Communications Officer reacts to his monitor with ALA
51) 15) text: Closing in on the hull like a torpedo. It gets closer, pi speed, until - on IMPACT -
52) 0) text: A TORRENT OF WATER engulfs the Engineer and Crewmen when bursts/drills through the hull. As they scream, drowning A CREWMAN ON THE GANTRY scrambles up, one step ahead of t through a bulkhead, into -
52) 20) text: Proceed to emergency stations -
52) 25) text: Repeat: Seal all compartments, and -
52) 27) text: Proceed to emergency stations at once! The men start to move, but halt at A HUMMING SOUND. They around: Where is it coming from? Suddenly a THREE FOOT SECTION OF THE DECK EXPLODES IN A F WATER. The men are swept off their feet.
52) 47) text: Moving like a shark... Toward THE CAPTAIN'S LEGS, DEAD AH WATER. As it closes in for the kill -
52) 56) text: One hundred degrees, thirty-one minutes, and seven seconds East, by two degrees, twenty-nine minutes, ten seconds, North. As he types, the room lurches again, tilting more to the
53) 0) text: Bow rises completely out of the water as the stern goes u
54) 0) text: TWO CREWMAN manage to get a LIFEBOAT away. TWO OTHERS scr from below and leap into the water.
54) 1) text: The bow is at a forty-five degree angle... And the H.M.S. Indomitable pauses - for just a moment - before SLIPPING FIRST, throwing up a series of great waves.
55) 0) text: Rocked by waves from the sinking ship. The Cook, a Marine Crewmen hear a splash along side. Two of the Crew pull th OFFICER aboard. He takes a minute to catch his breath, th
55) 4) text: The First officer stayed on the bridge. One of the CREWMAN SPOTS SOMETHING IN THE DISTANCE:
55) 6) text: The SEA DOLPHIN II emerges from a cove, looking like a gh apparition in the fog.
55) 8) text: Elliot Harmsway removes a pair of binoculars from his fac YUNG, standing next to him at the rail:
55) 14) text: Time for phase two. You can get the men in the water. And with this, Harmsway turns, and walks off, jauntily wh "Wouldn't It Be Loverly." Stamper looks at Yung, re: Harmsway's glee.
56) 0) text: The classic Michelin building on Fulham road.
57) 0) text: A YOUNG WOMAN is yammering away at Bond; he's trying to p face on what is obviously a dreadful fix-up first date.
57) 3) text: You might say... 'Public relations.'
57) 8) text: Yes. I understand. Twenty minutes.
58) 0) text: Passing a NEWSPAPER DELIVERY TRUCK with an ad for "TOMORR Paper that Never Lies,") Bond's DB-5 roars past the guard
59) 0) text: ADMIRAL ROEBUCK glares as MINISTER JOHNSTONE enters to ad TANNER, A TREASURY OFFICIAL, and various UNIFORMS and SUI
59) 2) text: For those of you still unaware, some forty minutes ago -
59) 4) text: Excuse me, but - (all turn to him:)
59) 5) text: I must formally protest this meeting. Given the nature of what's occurred - and the need for secrecy - I see no reason to involve the air force, the army, or MI-6. (beat, as M and Tanner exchange a look)
59) 6) text: This is an internal affair that should be handled strictly by the officers of her Majesty's Royal Navy.
59) 8) text: Admiral, are you suggesting - He's distracted by the CLICK OF A DOOR OPENING. All turn entering, wearing a FULL NAVAL UNIFORM. M stifles a smile
59) 10) dialog: Actually, you're just in time. (she turns to)
59) 11) text: Admiral Roebuck: You know Commander Bond, don't you?
59) 16) text: Looking at these infrared satellite images - provided by Mr. Tanner of MI-6 -the ship is presumed lost here, just south of Kuala Lumpur, where she broadcast her last position.
60) 0) text: Foreground, empty diving boat. Background, Sea Dolphin II "flexible hose" hanging over the rail, down into the wate
61) 0) text: Stamper works "worm" master control with a video joystick
61) 7) text: To the right, towards the stern. The Divers react, and the worm follows them into...
61) 11) text: It's titanium. we can't cut through.
62) 0) text: Stamper turns to Harmsway:
62) 4) text: Once past the bars, the grinder cuts easily through the s Trapped air bursts out from inside the compartment. The D the worm to one side; two of them enter the hold with lig worm follows. The two other divers remain behind to feed flexible tubing through the door.
63) 0) text: The Divers' lights illuminate the hold: STACKS OF GOLD BA as the eye can see.
64) 0) text: Harmsway looks at the video screen.
65) 0) text: The worm closes its "eye", revs up its grinders, and atta first pile of gold Bars. It runs through them like butter
66) 0) text: The bloodletting and recriminations have begun. This play
66) 15) text: Minister - (all turn to him)
66) 16) text: Obviously, MI-6 was not involved in this operation. But I have to defend the Admiral. Roebuck looks at Bond with great surprise. Bond continues BOND (cont'd)
66) 17) text: Electronic silence was the safest way to move that gold. Otherwise, any country - or individual - with the crudest missile could just lock onto our signals, and take out the boat. (beat)
66) 19) text: Since then, it's standard operating procedure for any sensitive shipment.
66) 24) text: ...And so long as Commander Bond here seems to be such an expert on these matters, I want him to go along as an observer. Are we agreed?
66) 27) dialog: As you wish.
67) 0) text: Harmsway walks along the side of the ship, observing the The WORM'S DREDGING PUMP sucks up the ground-up GOLD AND RY, (through the TUBE hanging over the side,) and dumps i SERIES OF SLUICES. At each stage the gold nuggets fall to of the sluice, and excess water flows off the side of the
68) 0) text: M and Bond, striding down a hallway to exit the building.
68) 1) dialog: ...You're turning into quite the politician, 007.
68) 3) text: 'Make sure you wear the uniform'?
68) 4) dialog: (ignoring his jibe)
68) 5) text: What do you make of all this?
68) 8) dialog: Sabotage?
69) 1) dialog: I've already contacted our station in Kuala Lumpur. They're lining up a local contact. (beat)
69) 4) dialog: Contrary to what you may believe, 007, the world is not filled with mad-men who can hollow out volcanoes, stock them with big-breasted women, and threaten the world with nuclear annihilation. Bond reacts to the comeuppance. She continues: M (cont'd)
69) 5) text: The case is closed. The Italian authorities ruled the girl a suicide. We had enough trouble keeping your name out of the media. For everyone's sake - (beat)
69) 6) text: Your job is to find the gold. Not settle some personal score with Elliot Harmsway.
70) 0) text: Super: HONG KONG. Harmsway's helicopter is perched atop t tinker-toy-styled building in the Central district.
71) 0) text: A CHINESE CHOP comes down firmly on a legal document. GEN the People's Revolutionary Army) is seated with a squad o
71) 4) text: He has great faith in Hong Kong. As did my ancestors. With obvious results. Nervous chuckles around the table, but the General is res HARMSWAY (cont'd)
71) 5) text: Yet to sell this building for more money - to profiteer - would run counter to the Chinese sprit of guanchi - mutual trust and obligation; it would violate the ancient principles of feng shui - (beat)
71) 6) text: - the reason we sign five documents instead of an unlucky four, and why this building has a fifth, non-functioning ventilation shaft on its roof. (beat)
71) 10) text: Terribly sorry. Mr. Stamper? From behind, Stamper hands him a pen. Harmsway innocently sign in RED INK -
72) 0) text: Under the whirring blades of the chopper, Harmsway bids f General Li. He and Stamper get in helicopter.
72) 2) text: The cable leads to a spool, which runs to the FIFTH METAL SHAFT Harmsway referred to in the last scene.
73) 0) text: Harmsway pops open a bottle of champagne.
73) 3) text: Harmsway glances down to watch the VENTILATION SHAFT TOPP General and his aides, scattering them like rats. In the chopper, the pilot cuts the cable, and Harmsway li champagne glass:
74) 0) text: Bond holds a map of the channel. He's standing over sever seated at radar, sonar, and navigation consoles.
74) 10) text: We have traffic on the deck - They look down and see an HNN (Harmsway News Network) boa
76) 0) text: Elliot Harmsway strides out of an elevator (in Tower 1,) of waiting assistants. Without breaking stride -
77) 0) text: A glass conference roam, whose PARTIALLY CLOSED BLINDS ob view of the MAMMOTH HNN NEWS CENTER. (We'll see this, in later.) Meanwhile, a DOZEN RAMBUNCTIOUS EDITORS react to:
77) 10) text: Man bites dog is a news story. Riots at the World Cup soccer finals is a social announcement. Next?
79) 0) text: The Sea King comes in above several police cars and boats jumps the last ten feet, and the chopper peels off.
79) 8) text: A POLICEMEN pulls a white sheet from the body. (We don't Bond and Wade look down at something gruesome:
79) 11) text: But there are no burn marks on the flesh. It doesn't make sense. (to the policeman)
79) 14) text: Dato. Local fisherman. Says it came in with the tide early this morning.
80) 0) text: Smashing through the water at breakneck speed. Wade and B over the engines.
80) 5) text: Should have seen his rose garden: Blooms the size of hand grenades. Bond looks at Wade: The man remains, forever deranged.
81) 6) text: Not if you kill us first - unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy. Wade scowls, setting the boat back on course.
82) 0) text: The local Malay harbor master puts a stack of charts on t
83) 0) text: Bond emerges, carrying the charts, along with Wade.
84) 0) text: Palm trees, torch lights, and Rolls Royces.
85) 0) text: A local band plays on the verandah. We find Wade at a POK with five local Malay Chinese. He CUTS THE CARDS, exubera
85) 5) text: Torture them.
85) 10) text: My 90 year old grandfather thinks 'Ghost in the computer - Silicon Dragon.'
85) 12) text: I appreciate your time -
85) 23) text: Have we met?
85) 25) text: James Bond.
85) 33) text: Bring him whatever he wants.
85) 35) text: Wait - don't tell me: Unhappy marriage? Running from some poor little girl with two kids and a Chanel pocketbook in - London? Bond analyzes the situation: 1) She's with a thug. 2) She salvage. 3) She went to the Harbor Master's office for th 4) She's a smart-ass. He decides to see if he can rattle
85) 38) text: And exactly what business are you in, Mr. Bond?
85) 41) text: The Strait can be a very dangerous place, Mr. Bond. A few words scribbled on a piece of paper in London doesn't carry a lot of value out here. Including life insurance.
85) 44) text: I see my date is here. (to Taro)
85) 45) text: And I think Mr. Bond is ready to leave.
86) 0) text: Bond walks down a long dock towards a lone boat, moored a
87) 0) text: Bond looks around furtively, before climbing aboard the s going craft. On the aft-deck, there's a large covered obj As Bond reaches for the CABIN DOOR, it opens by itself - succession of THREE YOUNG ENGLISH WOMEN in STRING BIKINIS
87) 4) text: He's arrived. Bond turns from the door to watch the women. He hears:
87) 10) text: Now, for what I hope will be the very last time - pay attention, 007. (he unfurls a map:)
87) 11) text: First, computer generated retrograde analysis map. Body here, meteorolog- ical influences here, likely vector- ing of the ship's coordinates here.
87) 14) text: Next, your new personal communicator. (flips it open)
87) 23) text: All the usual refinements: Smoke, missiles, machine guns - (shows him a key fob)
87) 24) text: Fully operational remote control. Drives forward, reverse - (Bond presses a button, opening a window)
87) 26) text: Plus infrared thermal imaging radar, heads up instrumentation, and 17 beverage cup holders.
88) 0) text: Wade at the helm; Bond next to him, near sonar, holding Q
88) 3) text: And we're back at the outcropping where the Indomitable s SPORT FISHING BOAT is trolling against a background of sa and the lush green hills of Sumatra.
88) 11) text: The murky electronic outline of a ship.
88) 22) text: Bond swims to the anchor line, and begins pulling himself handover-hand, deeper and deeper into a monochromatic glo
88) 23) text: Bond touches down by the anchor; his fins kick up the san Checking his wrist compass, he sets off through a rocky c
89) 0) text: Ahead, in the dimness, a huge gray shape looms out of the Bond lights a FLARE, and the scene is suddenly alive with From Bond's position, the hull seems to go on forever bef lost beyond range of his flare. Bond checks his air gauge
89) 1) text: Depth: 283 feet - Air capacity: 3/4 tank remaining.
90) 0) text: Bond sees the damage on the passageway door. Swims throug
91) 0) text: The flare throws eerie shadows along the corridor; Bond s busted bilge-hold hatch. Again, he pauses to examine the by the worm. He drops into the hold.
92) 0) text: The gold is gone. Bond swims a few yards in: Nothing. A v space. Bond's flare sputters and dies. He drops it, light As he turns to exit, SOMETHING GLINTS on the deck below t He moves toward it.
92) 6) text: Bond swims to the anchor line, grabs hold, and starts up. way, he glances at his gauges:
92) 7) text: Depth: 160 feet - Air capacity: below RED LINE - empty. T light level on the gauges suddenly DARKENS.
92) 9) text: A black HULL has blotted out the light... And SOMETHING L HEAVY IS FALLING straight at 007.
93) 6) text: Take the two of them to the Captain. The men grab Bond roughly, and shove him next to Wade.
93) 8) text: I owed you one. Bond and Wade are frog-marched to the bridge, passing und of various cutthroat crew members. Wade is completely unf
93) 10) text: Smell that Jimmy? Sea Kelp. Bond gives Wade a look.
94) 0) text: We're back in Bond-land: A high-tech control room, with l monitors and white-suited TECHNICIANS. Bond and Wade are through the-door, followed by Taro and the two goons.
94) 4) text: So you two know each other!?! Small world, ain't it? What happened? Commitment problems?
94) 10) text: You have to excuse Miss Winch: She thinks she's on a 'seduce and destroy' mission through life... (pauses)
94) 15) text: Don't insult me. I'm not one of your 'little London girls' who falls for the lies.
94) 32) text: Bring them. Taro motions with his Uzi for Bond and Wade to follow... But BOND hesitates, LOOKING BACK AT THE TECHNICIAN with t 007 wants to get it, but Taro nudges him out with the gun
95) 0) text: A BRITISH NAVAL CUTTER is pulling alongside the barge - S WAILING, crew members in battle gear, FORWARD GATLING GUN
95) 7) text: Just remember: They think there's ten billion dollars in gold down there.
95) 9) text: "Now hear this: Drop dead." Bond and Wade exchange an amused/helpless glance - as if know what's coming next. There's a pause, then -
95) 12) text: An ARMED BOARDING PARTY is coming across an aluminum brid extended from the Cutter onto the barge.
95) 22) text: Thanks for your message. (turns to)
95) 29) text: What's your name?
95) 34) text: I know my rights. These are international waters. The British Navy abandoned that boat, and I'm claiming it. Under international law, I have the right to salvage what's on that wreck.
95) 45) text: Good-day, Miss Winch. I advise you to get some steam up - before you run aground. As she floats away, Sidney calls out to the Captain, Bond
96) 5) text: Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you, sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer - and yet you had to go off, on your own, like some half-assed CIA cowboy - (Wade reacts)
96) 6) text: Endangering the gold, attracting that lunatic woman, and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide.
96) 15) text: Just get off my ship. Go back to your trench-coats and your code names - and leave the job to professionals.
97) 0) text: As Bond and Wade push away from the Naval Cutter:
97) 3) text: I'm not certain... But I think there's someone I want to press for some answers in Kuala Lumpur.
98) 0) text: Bond'- car travels through the tropical landscape, turnin for Kuala Lumpur.
100) 0) text: Harmsway is perched on a desk. In the background, THROUGH OFFICE DOOR, we can see Harmsway's EXECUTIVE SECRETARY se someone coffee from a SILVER TRAY - but we can't see who
100) 3) text: We seemed to get off on the wrong foot back there in Venice.
100) 7) text: Besides I own the phone company. What do you say? Twenty minutes?
101) 0) text: Harmsway hangs up; STAMPER is standing nearby. Harmsway t concerned glance at his office, then turns to Stamper:
102) 0) text: Bond's car approaches the camera, passes it, and heads fo TOWERS, looming over Kuala Lumpur in the distance.
104) 0) text: Passing NEWSPAPER LOADING DOCKS (with trucks displaying b "TOMORROW" and "HNN" logos, and HUM-VEES used by building Bond pulls into the VALET AREA - Where a cheerful YOUNG PR WOMAN and VALET wait. Both wear colorful BLAZER used by all Harmsway Building service per
104) 2) text: James Bond to see Elliot Harmsway.
104) 5) text: Temperamental. Practically has a mind of its own.
106) 0) text: The PR WOMAN joins Bond as he locks the car with the REMO
107) 0) text: Bond and the PR Woman step off an escalator onto an open GLASS WINDOWS looking down into a mammoth NEWSPAPER PRINT
107) 2) text: Mr. Harmsway is checking the afternoon editions. If you'll just follow me -
108) 0) text: The NOISE FROM THE PRINTING PRESSES is deafening. Bond an WOMAN walk down a METAL STAIRCASE to the pressroom floor, Harmsway (wearing a printer's smock and newsprint cap,) i with SEVERAL PRESSMEN - a fresh issue of "Tomorrow" outst his hands.
108) 2) text: Mr. Bond! Nice to see you.
109) 0) text: Harmsway is hanging up his smock in the short hallway tha the press room to an elevator. There's a SINK in the room
109) 2) text: Ironic, isn't it? In the age of TV, I still can't get the ink out of my veins. Bond SMILES WRYLY, looking at Harmsway hunched over the s
110) 0) text: The doors close. Bond clocks the security camera in the c Harmsway is about to take great delight in making Bond sq
110) 2) text: Playboys. Thrill seekers. Middle aged Peter Pans who only brought out the worst in her.
110) 7) text: The only difference between a psychopath and a genius, Mr. Bond, is the degree of success. He looks up at the digital readout, going from 40 to 50.
111) 0) text: A short hallway lined with OIL PORTRAITS of Harmsway's an Double doors at both ends. (People passing through.) As t
111) 4) text: My third great Uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiated the purchase of Hong Kong from the Chinese. (moving to)
111) 5) text: His son-in-law - George Harmsway - made the first family fortune, running opium into Shanghai... (moving to)
111) 6) text: His son, Thomas, who lost it, smoking the opium... And my grandfather Henry, who opened the first telegraph station, and published the colony's first English newspaper. (pausing, wistfully)
111) 7) text: It was a city of unlimited possibility.
111) 10) text: In any case, this is my father, Charles: A royal bastard who started the first radio and television stations. Said I'd never amount to anything, but... (passing his own portrait)
112) 0) text: A cavernous THREE STORY ROOM bristling with activity. At is the main HNN ANCHOR DESK, (where a news broadcast is i surrounded by scores of reporter's desks a la CNN. Around the perimeter of the room are VARIOUS TV STUDIOS l on Kuala Lumpur. All are broadcasting: A Larry King-type MTV; SPORTS; a KITCHEN where a chef is preparing somethin With its walls of monitors, equipment, and control rooms, is overwhelming. Harmsway will walk Bond around the perim
112) 2) text: Churchill had his armies; Caesar had his legions; I have my divisions: (pointing)
112) 3) text: News, sports, business, entertainment. And these are my foot soldiers: (a wave of his hand)
112) 4) text: 2000 people working on 14 floors to feed 300 newspapers, 4 cable news networks, 87 magazines, and 29 different cable TV channels - in 35 languages.
112) 9) text: Or disinformation... If you wanted to, say, beam down a signal to send a ship off course? Maybe one degree a minute?
112) 11) text: Fantastic idea Mr. Bond! Perhaps I should buy it for a book! It's totally preposterous, but - (off Bond's reaction)
112) 12) text: You amuse me. ...And now perhaps I can amuse you. He stops at a VIDEO TERMINAL. Begins to type.
112) 20) text: Or perhaps you'd prefer this James Bond -
112) 26) text: Look at the time! Come. There's someone I want you meet - about a story I'm thinking of publishing. As they leave, Bond is frustrated by Harmsway's "I don't you think you know - I can crush you" attitude... And now plans (and the operative word here is plans,) to use Bond the one other loose thread in his perfect crime:
113) 0) text: The DOOR opens and Harmsway enters, followed by Bond. He someone we don't see:
113) 7) text: Don't pout, Sidney. I invited him here hoping he might shed some light on your story. He's from 'Lloyd's of London.' (sly glance to Bond)
113) 8) text: ...Aren't you, Mr. Bond?
113) 16) text: ...And what's that, my dear?
113) 25) text: No. I want Sir Elliot to keep them. Harmsway stands, comes around the desk:
113) 29) text: Miss Oxford will show both of you to the elevator... And one of my people will definitely be in touch sooner than later.
114) 0) text: As the Executive Secretary escorts them to the elevator, out the PICTURE WINDOW, with its view of the other tower.
115) 0) text: Sidney presses the button for "1". Bond glances at the FL CATOR with reads "55" - clocks the SECURITY CAMERA - and looking for an ESCAPE PANEL. Sidney watches out of the co eye, thinking he's nuts.
115) 5) text: You heard me. A gun? (disabling it)
115) 6) text: I left mine in the car.
115) 12) text: - giving him the evidence - (popping it open)
115) 13) text: We're the only ones who can tie him to the crime.
116) 0) text: Sidney comes out onto a floor still under construction. T doors CLOSE behind her. To the right, she sees STAMPER an Harmsway-blazered GUARD, with MACHINE PISTOLS.
116) 7) text: Shut up! Using Sidney as a HUMAN SHIELD, Stamper marches her in fr closed elevator doors. The guard follows. THEY POSITION T FOR A MASSACRE. Reaching around Sidney, Stamper pulls out STAMPER (into radio)
116) 8) text: Open 14. A beat. It opens. The men unleash a HAIL OF BULLETS, then
116) 9) text: The car is empty. Stamper perplexed. Pushing Sidney in fr him, he enters the elevator, cautiously... When, suddenly BOND SWINGS DOWN OUT OF THE ESCAPE PANEL (like an athlete bar) FEET FIRST - barely clearing Sidney's head as he KIC and the Guard in their faces. They go flying backwards. Bond jumps down, grabs Sidney -
118) 0) text: Stamper stops shooting. Moves to the rear of the cab, und escape panel. Peers up. Sees nothing. Turns to the Guard:
118) 4) text: ... I'd try the stairs. As Bond and Sidney scamper off -
119) 0) text: Harmsway is striding towards the SECURITY CENTER, RADIO i
120) 0) text: Harmsway bursts in on GUARDS watching a WALL OF SECURITY
120) 4) text: Bond and Sidney have just come into frame, sneaking up on
120) 9) text: Roger! Over and - BAM. BOND DECKS HIM.
121) 2) text: What do we do now? Offer them dinner?!?! Bond glances back at the KITCHEN SUPPLIES. GETS AN IDEA. denly TWISTS, SMASHING the BUTT OF HIS GUN down on some G the counter, then TWISTS BACK, returning a BURST OF GUNFI
122) 0) text: Stamper, running up steps with the guard. They exit into:
122) 7) text: My father left me the business. Bond glances at his watch, timing the bomb. The guards sh shoots back, then explains:
123) 0) text: Bond and Sidney BREAK for the STAIRCASE DOOR. (Where the were shooting at them from.) TWISTING AROUND, Bond lets a in Stamper's direction, as he stoops to scoop up one of t guards' MAC-l0's. INSERT - BOND'S BULLETS RIP UP THE JUG OF CLEANER.
124) 5) text: Up. Bond and Sidney bound up the stairs through a METAL DOOR,
125) 0) text: Stamper and the Guard bound down the hallway, heading for
126) 0) text: Harmsway smiles, watching Bond on a monitor:
127) 0) text: It's magic hour as Bond and Sidney rush out onto the setb sees a WINDOW WASHER'S RIG. And although Sidney asks -
128) 0) text: Darting up the few steps, Stamper and Guards arrive at th tries to open it. Won't budge.
130) 0) text: Stamper gives the last few chops to the door. He kicks it
131) 0) text: Stamper and the guards rush to the ledge.
131) 3) text: I've earned it. Looking upward, Bond SEES STAMPER peering over the rail.
132) 0) text: Stamper jumps back from the ledge, enraged. Ax in hand, h the WINDOW WASHING RIG'S MACHINERY - And takes a roundhouse swing at the UNSPOOLING CABLE - bu cutting it, the ax BOUNCES OFF, and the RIG SLIDES ON ITS
132) 7) text: What now? And don't give me some movie clichГ© like 'trust me.'
132) 9) text: Trust me. And with this, he turns, and SHOOTS OUT the adjacent WIND
133) 0) text: Landing on the deck of the bridge. Bond rolls to his feet Fifty stories of cable from above is falling onto the dec yanks Sidney to the side of the building, just as THE CAB
134) 2) text: I should have hired this man. (to his guards)
134) 3) text: Get somebody up there!
135) 0) text: Bond is moving to the window washer rig debris.
135) 9) text: Are you listening to me?
136) 0) text: Bond and Sidney fall from the bridge - 50 stories up. They go down, And down, And down -
137) 0) text: Bond and Sidney jerk to a halt. They're swinging about fi from the balcony. There's a pause...
137) 3) text: The only reason I stay is for the health benefits. Bond PULLS THEM OVER TO THE BALCONY.
138) 0) text: Stamper lands on bridge. He unbuckles his harness, runs t looks down and sees SIDNEY AND BOND climbing out onto the going for the PRESS ROOM DOOR.
138) 2) text: They're heading for the press room. Stop them!
139) 0) text: Bond and Sidney enter at the top of the metal stairs Bond earlier to meet Harmsway. The Presses are running full blast; the noise is deafenin At the "start" end of the presses - where the paper is fe sees a GIANT ROLL OF NEWSPRINT on a CRANE, about to be lo Directly beyond this is the door to the elevator/wash-up Bond and Harmsway exited earlier. - Coming out of that DOOR, Bond sees THREE GUARDS in Harmsw carrying guns. BOND shoots the HOOK on the CRANE CARRYING THE NEWSPRINT It CRASHES TO THE GROUND, rolling backwards on the guards start scrambling around it - Bond and Sidney race down the stairs, turning in the oppo tion (toward the finishing end of the press, near the gar They encounter a GORILLA-SIZED PRESSMAN, with an oversize Bond and the Pressman square off. Bond tries to get aroun man lifts his crowbar to smash Bond with it. Bond tries t descending crowbar with his gun - but the crowbar snaps i Bond and the Pressman engage in a short, furious fight - each other against the side of the press... Which ends when Bond finally gets the upper hand for a se pushes the man back, into a pile of INK DRUMS. Momentaril Bond forces the man's head into an OPEN INK DRUM - And as he comes up, COVERED WITH INK, gasping for air, Si him on the head with the crowbar. Now, Bond and Sidney take off, toward the garage/exit - But one of the Guards (from the crashing roll of newsprin from between the banks of the printing press, tripping Bo Bond stumbles, face down - then spins over, kicking up at as he comes to finish Bond off. The Guard stumbles backward - Crashing against a NEWSPAPER BALING MACHINE. (A large mac wraps steel or plastic bands around bundles of papers for Rushing the man, Bond struggles with him - and manages to BALING SWITCH - literally tying the man up. The only prob as Bond turns - The LAST GUARD has Sidney in a choke-hold; he's aiming a Seemingly at once, (1) Sidney bites the Guard's forearm, ducks, (3) the Guard shoots wildly, (4) the gun drops, an Bond rushes the man, KNOCKING HIM BACKWARDS INTO THE PRIN pulling Sidney away at the last moment. The Guard is sucked up in the press rollers, and... The pages running through the newsprint web suddenly turn
139) 4) text: I'm the certain the British taxpayers would be impressed by your efforts. Don't you agree?
139) 7) text: Why, I did, of course. It's on the Sea Dolphin II, twenty miles outside of Hong Kong... Not that it will do either of you any good to know. (beat)
139) 8) text: Now both of you: Stand up. And toss the gun out, Mr. Bond. Bond SLIDES THE GUN several feet in front of him... And T TO HIS CAR, noting THE GUARDS ARE LINED UP DIRECTLY IN IT Bond begins to scheme.
139) 11) text: Besides, I never really liked your father that much. He cheated at cards. Bond has removed the CAR REMOTE CONTROL. He palms it.
139) 14) text: Now both of you. Put your hands on your heads, and step forward. Holding the remote control, Bond puts his hands on his he manipulating the control into the right position to use i
139) 16) text: What did you do, Harmsway? Make some deal with the Chinese government for the gold?.. Was the radioactive uranium I found in Venice part of it? He finally has the remote control in the right position.
139) 18) text: Take them out to the jungle and - Suddenly, BOND'S CAR ENGINE STARTS WITH A ROAR. The GUARD shock TOWARDS THE CAR, as: BOND retrieves the gun he slid out, and pulls Sidney behi newspaper trolley, while - THE CAR BEGINS TO MOVE, sending the guards scrambling. BOND takes his position with Sidney.
139) 26) text: And by the way: I am not a helpless girl. Bond eyes her for one split second. Points at the guards:
142) 0) text: The TAIL-LIGHTS DROP DOWN and MACHINE GUNS start to fire.
143) 0) text: Bond glances at the REARVIEW MIRROR. Sees the HUM-VEES. P another switch -
145) 0) text: Bond flips down the visor: A THERMAL IMAGING DISPLAY drop
145) 1) text: It looks just like the jet fighter videos from the Gulf W
146) 0) text: Bond's car roars around a second turn, with sparks flying scrapes the walls. AHEAD, a MASSIVE ONE-PIECE DOOR is FOL FROM THE CEILING. A city street beyond.
148) 0) text: The lights come on. The car is a twisted wreck, smashed a wall. Bond and Sidney are slumped forward, unconscious. Harmsway KNOCKS TWICE ON THE GARAGE DOOR, to demonstrate:
148) 5) text: Bring them both to Hong Kong. And Make sure he has nothing else up his sleeve.
149) 0) text: It is early morning in this strange harbor - a place wher restaurant rise out of the fog; where an old Chinese man LA Laker's jersey practices tai-chi on the bow of an anci where sampans cut through the chop filled with ducks, com and women dressed in Chanel 1996, and Beijing 1256... Whi captains of these small water-taxis chatter away on cell- At the end of the harbor, dominating this scene, the CAME
149) 4) text: Two VIDEO CAMERAMEN are shooting an ASIAN HNN REPORTER in middle-aged CHINESE MAN. We don't see the reporter's face "over the shoulder" news angle, he's WEARING A HAT. (There's also HNN BELL JETRANGER HELICOPTER on the ground seemingly empty HNN BOAT moored to a nearby pier.) ASIAN MALE NEWS REPORTER (cont'd)
149) 5) text: - Interviewing Mr. David Chin, senior engineer in charge of security. (beat)
149) 6) text: Tell me, Mr. Chin: How safe is this plant from a terrorist attack? He holds out a MICROPHONE to Chin.
149) 11) text: Now! At once, the two cameramen turn: One AIMS his shoulder-mo camera at a SURVEILLANCE CAMERA; the other aims at the FR BOOM! ROCKETS shoot out from their lenses, destroying bot
150) 0) text: Yung and the cameramen turn a corner to the reception/sec
150) 3) text: But I need one last shot of you. Why don't you stand by the alarm?
150) 6) text: Up the stairs! They follow Yung up a set of stairs leading to the reacto room. Meanwhile, back at the HNN boat:
151) 0) text: Bond is at the porthole, wearing only shorts, trying to f out. He hears the door click open, and - A Guard enters carrying a pile of Bond's clothing with hi top. Stamper is behind him, holding a gun on Sidney.
151) 2) text: Cuff him. The guard cuffs Bond's hands (in the front,) and we cut b
152) 0) text: Yung and the Cameramen sweep into the control room: Lots soles, with a window overlooking the REACTOR CORE, and it surrounding blue COOLING POOL.
152) 2) text: I'm sorry to interrupt again. But we need one more picture for the story. The engineers ad-lib replies: "Sure." "Okay." Yung smiles
153) 0) text: Stamper is marching Bond and Sidney through the door in h
153) 7) text: ...With a toxic core at its center. Harmsway smiles at Bond and Sidney, who have entered (han gun point,) with Stamper and a guard. Harmsway is charmin
153) 18) text: And when the radioactive blades cut into the plutonium -
153) 23) text: Why, Harmsway? Wasn't stealing the gold enough?
153) 26) text: ...They used to say living well was the best revenge, Mr. Bond. (beat)
153) 31) text: What could you possibly have to be vengeful for, Harmsway? Still trying to prove yourself to daddy? This infuriates Harmsway. Bond moves closer to the gun.
153) 35) text: A hundred and fifty years ago, my ancestors took this island - a barren, lifeless rock - and turned it into the greatest city known to modern civilization. (beat)
153) 36) text: And now that I'm being forced to give it back, I intend to return it in exactly the same condition: A barren, lifeless rock. (beat)
153) 37) text: The gold is merely reparations - payment from the spineless British government who wouldn't listen.
153) 39) text: ... I think Uncle Elliot is having his own melt-down.
153) 42) text: Laugh all you'd like, Mr. Bond - but you fit perfectly in to my plans. (he reaches for a newspaper)
153) 43) text: Here. This just in. Newsflash. Read all about it. He thrusts an issue of TOMORROW at Bond, holding the top Bond reads THE HEADLINES, sourly:
153) 49) text: That's the most brilliant part of the plan, Mr. Bond: To save the economy, I'll let the new British government - my British government - announce that the gold was irradiated in Hong Kong - where no one will be able to touch it for a hundred years. (beat)
153) 50) text: And just by coincidence: He turns the paper over and reads/reveals a smaller headl
153) 52) text: Let's go. Put them in the airlock. Stamper moves towards Bond and Sidney. Bond edges closer
153) 55) text: I'll publish their books, I'll make their movies, I'll put them on my TV shows! (beat)
153) 56) text: They're my bellboys. They carry my luggage. Bond moves, but - the guard picks up the gun!!! Bond frow
153) 63) text: My timing always was lousy.
153) 68) text: Enjoy the rest of your life. As Stamper pushes Bond into the reactor room airlock, he
154) 0) text: The door closes. Bond looks out the small window at:
154) 4) text: You come with me - (to the guard who handcuffed Bond)
155) 0) text: Bond has yanked his shoes off. He pulls out the PLASTIQUE SHOELACES and opens the SECRET COMPARTMENT IN HIS HEEL, r DETONATOR, and EAR PLUGS. Moving quickly, Bond BITES OFF a 2-inch piece of shoelace it around the chain-link connecting his handcuffs, while.
156) 0) text: Yung sits down at the worm control and explains to the gu
156) 3) text: 100 feet ahead: An iron gate. Beyond it, the blue lights reactor cooling pool... And beyond that... THE REACTOR CO shimmering silver target. Meanwhile, back outside, at -
157) 2) text: Where Yung sees the gate looming ahead on the video scree presses a nearby button marked "START GRINDERS"... And th goes black, replaced by the words "GRINDERS ENGAGED."
157) 3) text: The worm bares its lethal teeth; and revs up to speed. Me
157) 7) text: Check it out. Be careful. The guard picks up his machine pistol, starts to the door
157) 10) text: The worm's teeth are beginning to cut into the steel bars THE GUARD APPROACHES THE DOOR. BOND BRACES HIMSELF INSIDE THE AIRLOCK.
159) 0) text: The HNN boat has pulled alongside the Sea Dolphin II. The the nuke plant is boarding the larger boat. (Note: From the air, we should notice that the "gold hold covered by a steel hatch, and the biggest worm is stored hanging from a steel boom.)
159) 5) text: Alert the media! Stamper and Sidney have climbed onto the deck.
159) 9) text: You're so cute, my dear. (beat)
159) 10) text: But I'm afraid not. (to one of the cameramen)
159) 11) text: Put her in the storage room. The cameraman takes her away. Harmsway turns to the capta
159) 13) text: Set sail, full speed, due south. I'll be in my cabin. Let me know when Mr. Yung arrives. We'll break out the champagne.
160) 0) text: Near the engine room (indicating we're near the bottom of the cameraman opens a door to a small, cramped room with SCUBA EQUIPMENT. He pushes Sidney inside.
162) 0) text: Bond checks the compass, and adjusts his course. The COMP DUE SOUTH.
162) 1) text: The helicopter clears the island: Bright blue sea ahead. then passes over - the HNN boat, bobbing empty in the wat Then, further ahead, he spots the stern of Sea Dolphin II in the instance.
163) 0) text: Bond is about two miles out from the stern of the Sea Dol Maybe 500' in the air. Taking the machine pistol from the dead guard's lap, he o small pilot's window, and balances it on his knees. Ahead
164) 0) text: The windows rattle as Bond's chopper thunders by. Perplex Harmsway stands, opens the porthole curtains. He cranes h but sees nothing. He presses an intercom button:
165) 2) text: I don't know sir - The helicopter suddenly appears in front of him. Shooting pilot's window, Bond shatters the glass windows - And the Captain slumps forward on the wheel, spinning it to the deck.
166) 0) text: The boat pitches wildly; Harmsway looses his balance, cra wall.
167) 0) text: Sidney is thrown from her bench, slamming against scuba t
168) 0) text: Stamper bounces himself, handing out AUTOMATIC WEAPONS fr cache hidden inside a DINGHY. The two cameramen take their M-16's and rush forward, jum some machinery to climb onto -
168) 3) text: The men turn, and start to run as the chopper chases them
169) 1) text: A SMALL ROCKET STREAKING UPWARD from the boat. Stamper is shoulder mounted launcher.
170) 0) text: The gauges go crazy; the alarms go berserk. The entire co chattering as Bond struggles to remain in control.
171) 0) text: HARMSWAY is trying to make his way up the ladder as the b continues to veer out of control. He pauses to look up at
173) 0) text: Struggling with the wheel, Harmsway picks up the radio:
174) 0) text: With the chopper about 15 feet above the gold hold - just under control - Bond opens the door. He leaps out onto the hatch, and rolls off, disappearing THE CHOPPER CRASHES onto the gold hold, in a GIANT BALL O twisted metal.
176) 0) text: Harmsway regains control of the boat; he TAKES A GUN from captain, and pushes the body out.
177) 0) text: With FLAMING DEBRIS still falling around him, Bond is ste moving down a passageway toward the front of the ship. (Bond has two goals in mind at this point: First, to neut threats, and second, to save Sidney if she's still alive. Arriving at a BULKHEAD DOOR, Bond checks both directions passageway, then pokes his head inside - And is SUDDENLY YANKED BACKWARDS, OUT INTO THE PASSAGEWAY against a railing. Bond looks up: STAMPER stands with a smile on his face. One arm is raise head, grasping the WORM on the swinging boom. The worm is to the boom by a thin metal cable.
177) 5) text: The grinders propel the worm forward, into the hull.
177) 9) text: Stamper! Report in!
178) 0) text: As Stamper straightens up, winded from the groin kick -
178) 2) text: Report to the bridge! BOND rushes to A SMALL PILE OF SLACK CABLE, which is rapi taught as the worm wends its way underwater. Stamper rushes Bond - And in one lightening fast move, Bond wraps the cable twi Stamper's neck. Suddenly THE CABLE TIGHTENS, and - STAMPER soars 15 in the air, HANGING BY HIS NECK, as -
179) 0) text: THE WORM BURSTS THROUGH THE WALL! A torrent of water floo pushing Sidney off to one side.
181) 0) text: The boat shudders violently, sending Harmsway crashing ag wall, cutting his head.
182) 0) text: As the boat rocks, Bond steadies himself, then starts for using the same route as the cameramen lifted by the chopp First climbing up on some machinery, then up onto the bri
184) 1) text: The worm is heading for a door. We see the door disintegr front of us, as the worm bursts into - THE ENGINE ROOM. With the water cascading over the camera, (as if we were inside an ocean wave,) the worm heads for a tank marked "
186) 0) text: Harmsway is thrown backwards. Gun in hand, he makes his w incline, to the port-side door. Just when he thinks he's made it - Bang. Bond appears in the doorway, having jumped down fro on the small exterior walkway. He's seething with rage. Harmsway looks up at him. Blinks in disbelief.
186) 6) text: Where is she Harmsway? - He grabs Harmsway by the lapels, and throws him against t wall, crashing onto the instrument panel head first. Harmsway laughs maniacally, face down on the gauges:
186) 11) text: We all go down together!!! Harmsway lunges for Bond's throat -
186) 12) text: Where Bond breaks Harmsway's grasp in a violent struggle punches him. Air bubbles break from Harmsway's mouth. He frantically tries to break free for the surface - But Bond pulls him back down, and holds him down, pushing Harmsway's shoulders. Harmsway is thrashing about, flailing in all directions, Bond in a haze of bubbles... Then falls still. With his lungs aching, bursting with fire, Bond rockets u
186) 14) text: Bond dives for the boat - down, and down, chasing it, as just grab it, and stop it from sinking. He goes deeper, and deeper, as it sinks further and furth just beyond his reach. And just when it seems impossible for him to survive - to breath a second longer - A FIGURE IN SCUBA GEAR (mask and tank) GRABS HIM. Bond turns in disbelief. Stares into the mask: IT'S SIDNE puts her regulator in Bond's mouth... And they share the air as they rise from the depths.
186) 38) dialog: Moneypenny, take the following release: (beat)
186) 39) text: The body of Sir Elliot Harmsway was found floating in the South China Sea this morning, at 08:00 hours local Hong Kong time. (pauses)
186) 40) text: At present, local authorities believe the media mogul committed suicide.
186) 44) text: But some days... Are longer than others. And with this, he reaches up over his head, and pulls a t two of them... And the camera pulls back, and up, rising into the air to The entire British Navy closing in on them from all point compass.