5) 0) text: Carolyn and the girls are next to Roger as he opens the door. Andrea dashes in.
6) 1) text: A large oak table and chairs are set up in a nook with a hutch tucked tight against a wall opposite it. Carolyn peels off packing paper from THREE WAX MONKEYS on a wooden stand; hands over eyes, ears and mouth, with a written caption underneath: “HEAR NO EVIL, SEE No EVIL, SPEAK NO EVIL. She sets it on a window lédge over the sink. Andrea comes in carrying a HAND-MADE bird-feeder and chain that only a mother could love.
6) 2) dialog: Can I hang up my bird feeder?
6) 6) dialog: ...Hello? No answer. More confused than scared, she hangs up the bird feeder. Then just as she’s about to head inside, she spots a large, mangy-looking GREY CAT passing by the bottom step of the porch -- it looks oddly similar to the one in the opening. ANDREA (cont'd) Oh, hello... It continues walking. She heads down the steps to catch up. ANDREA (cont'd) Where’d you come from? C’mere kitty. (CONTINUED)
7) 0) text: Andrea comes back in just as Roger enters from the hallway. In passing --
7) 1) dialog: Were you calling me?
7) 3) dialog: I think there’s a cat that lives here... Andrea continues out of the kitchen as Roger comes up behind Carolyn, who’s unpacking a small clock. Sets it on the windowsill next to the monkeys. He slides his arms around her and kisses her neck -- she likes it.
13) 0) text: Carolyn crosses to a packing box on the counter. Digs a kettle out of it. She moves to the sink and as she turns on the water to fill it -- -- she freezes. On the window ledge before her are -- -- The THREE WAX MONKEYS -- but instead of being lined up in a row like they were before, they are now facing each other -- their heads all melted into one, like some deformed creature. She then notices that the small clock she put next to them has stopped at 5:15 as well -- ANDREA O.C. Mommy, where’s Sadie? Carolyn turns to see Andrea standing at the kitchen door.
14) 0) text: Andrea comes out of the front door. She sees an iron post pounded into the ground with a chain snaking off it. Sadie’s tail is visible, but a full view of her is hidden by a bush at the bottom of the stairs.
14) 1) dialog: Sadie -- The tail remains motionless. ANDREA (cont'd) Wake up girl -- Andrea takes a step down to the next. She claps her hands together -- ANDREA (cont’d C'mon girl -- time for breakfast! There’s still no response -- Andrea comes down off the last step -- she blanches. Her little lips start to tremble at what she sees -- -- Sadie lies dead on the ground, the chain wrapped around her body like an Anaconda -- her tongue protrudes, limp; her eyes are dull, white. Off Andrea’s scream --
20) 3) dialog: How’d you get in here? As she sits upright, the cat scurries off the bed and out of her room into the hallway -- (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: As Andrea moves to Cindy’s room, she can hear her sister still talking on the phone in the bathroom. Her mom is folding clothes on the bed in the master bedroom at the end, unaware of her presence. INT. CINDY’S ROOM - RIGHT AFTER Andrea stands in the doorway looking to see where the cat went. Her face is hit by a PURPLE HUE cascading from a BLACKLIGHT hanging above a bed; posters of The Jackson Five, peace signs and Alice in Wonderland, all glow from the fight. Scattered clothes litter the floor.” The bed’s unmade. Andrea can’t see the cat anywhere, then she hears it HISSING from under the bed.
21) 1) dialog: What’s wrong, Kitty? Andrea comes into the room and over to the bed. She kneels. As she looks underneath, her eyes immediately fall upon a Raggedy Anne doll -- seemingly staring at her -- scares her slightly. The hissing starts up again, but she can’t see where the cat is as her vision is obscured by other dolls stuffed under the ed. She reaches in and moves a couple aside -- sees the cat, but her breath gets caught in her throat -- -- the blacklight has made its eyes look wild, almost demonic as it stares at something that’s seemingly right behind her. She snaps a look back over her shoulder, but nothing’s there. The cat suddenly bolts right past her -- the movement startling Andrea, who instinctively recoils. She watches the cat slip through a partially opened closet door into the darkness beyond. As she gets to her feet, Carolyn appears in the doorway.
21) 3) dialog: I saw that cat again, it went into the closet. Andrea heads to it. A very curious Carolyn flips a light switch on the wall as she enters -- (CONTINUED)
21) 7) dialog: Yeah, I swear.
21) 10) dialog: When's daddy going to be back?
21) 12) dialog: How come he’s gone so much?
21) 14) dialog: Well, bills suck. Carolyn smiles --
21) 16) dialog: Will you lie down with me? (CONTINUED)
22) 0) text: She comes out of the bedroom. The SCRATCHING NOISE is coming from downstairs. She walks by several pictures of Cindy, Andrea and the family together hanging on the walls as she heads toward the staircase. Suddenly the noise turns violent -- DEEP, VICIOUS SCRATCHES -- like nails across wood. She slows her pace dramatically. Carolyn moves to the top of the staircase -- almost too afraid to look down. Digs up some courage -- Her pov - THE CELLAR DOOR rattles upon impact as something continues to dig and claw at the door from the other side.
29) 4) dialog: Maybe it was the cat.
29) 6) dialog: I’m scared, mommy
38) 0) text: Dark rain clouds threaten. The leaves in the trees have begun to turn color. The garden off to the side is now void of any growth -- the ground bare. The Scarecrow looks dead itself; it’s stringy hair drawn across its face by a small breeze. Andrea, wearing a warm sweater, is kneeling before a small grave at the base of a tree. There’s a wooden cross with the name SADIE written on it. She’s pulling several weeds away. Cindy ¢ s helping Carolyn take down some sheets from a clothing line as they ripple in the wind. Roger's Rig is parked next to the barn.
40) 0) text: Andrea is in bed, sound asleep. Pouring rain pelts against her window -- her eyes snap open. She finds herself facing the grey cat back on her bed -- its ears drawn back, HISSING through exposed fangs -- ready for a ft Bt oh it’s eyes slowly tracking something moving just ehind her. andrea’s peripheral vision suddenly picks up the OUTLINES OF TWO HANDS with only THREE FINGERS ON EACH pressing out from within her pillow case, folding her pillow up on the sides, closing in on her face -- The cat HISSES, then leaps to the floor.
41) 0) text: Carolyn and Roger are rattled from a dead sleep by Andrea's blood curdling scream -- both scramble out of the covers to get to her.
45) 0) text: Two steps into the hallway, ¢ Cindy pauses momentarily -- reacting to some sort of foul smel She then moves forward, and as she’s about to step into her mom’s room - she stops mid-stride -- her face goes taut -- -- standing next to the bed is AN APPARITION of a woman; dark matted hair, white white skin -- her body awkwardly hunched forward over Carolyn and Andrea, who are sleeping, completely unaware of her presence. The Apparition slowly cranes her head toward Cindy. Stares at her with pupil-less, snow-white eyes. She suddenl. oar es toward Cindy ii ghtning fast, passing right throu her body, and vanishes. Off Cindy’s scream --
48) 21) dialog: .. Hi.
52) 0) text: As Carolyn, Andrea and Cindy lead Ed and Lorraine up the stairs --
52) 1) dialog: Tell’em about the birds, mom.
56) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting on the sofa with Andrea. She notices that she’s bitten her nails down to nothing --
56) 2) dialog: -- Sometimes I hear a baby crying in the fireplace. Andrea's eyes drift over to the fireplace, which is blackened, and full of ash.
56) 4) dialog: Um-hum -- Her eyes meet Lorraine's. (CONTINUED)
56) 8) dialog: When I get Goose bumps, does that mean they’re near me?
77) 0) text: A troubled looking Carolyn has the door open as Jerome, Ed and Bruce pile in, each loaded with monitors, VCRs, gauges, and various pieces of camera equipment, etc. Lorraine follows, carrying a box. Cindy and Andrea are looking down from the landing upstairs.
82) 10) dialog: What’s your daughter’s name?
82) 12) dialog: And she likes her hair braided too?
82) 22) dialog: What’s that?
87) 0) text: Lorraine is seated next to Carolyn in front of the monitors, who's watching Andrea and Cindy curled asleep on Cindy's bed.
100) 0) text: Roger is holding Andrea in his arms, sitting on the edge of the bed, while Carolyn is latched onto Cindy, cuddled on the other side. He looks to her --
105) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep. Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an open window next to her. (CONTINUED)
111) 0) text: Ed hurries in. Sees that Andrea is asleep, curled up on the sofa next to Roger, who is stroking her hair. Lorraine is seated close by. Bruce has crashed in the chair by the monitors. Lorraine and Roger look to Ed --
113) 4) dialog: I said to stop it. This time, she opens her eyes and sees that no one’s doing it, but -- -- Her hair SNAPS TAUT and she’s aggressively yanked off the chair and onto the floor. She screams as she begins to get wildly snaked all over the floor -- Although Bruce drops the camera to its side -- it keeps rolling, giving us a side view of Bruce moving over to Andrea and grabbing onto her. Resume — Whatever has hold of Andrea’s hair, is strong enough to keep moving them both as Bruce tries to protect her, enveloping the youn irl with his large bod tumblin this way, then hat way, when —-— g Yr g -- the two of them are slammed into the coffee table where Bruce takes most of the impact -- pieces of wood go flying. Ed and Lorraine come running in -- Ed joins the fight, struggling to hold Bruce/Andrea in one place -- it isn’t working. The fight continues -- Andrea is wild-eyed, screaming hysterically -- her hair stretched to its jimit. Roger comes racing in, then Carolyn, who seems less disturbed --
115) 0) text: Lorraine comes out of the living room. Bruce and Jerome are in the background, breaking down the equipment. She approaches Andrea, who is sitting in Cindy’s lap on the bottom step -- the trauma still apparent on_her face. It’s hard for Lorraine to see this little girl like this.
122) 0) text: Lunch crowd. Don McLean's “American Pie” plays in the b.g. as Cindy and Andrea are sitting on bar stools at a linoleum counter, picking through lunch. Out of ear shot, and seated at_a booth opposite the counter, is Roger. He’s with Ed and Lorraine, and looks stressed out.
144) 0) text: Cindy and Andrea approach their hotel room. Just as Cindy reaches for the doorknob, the door swings open, revealing Garglyn standing right before them. Her dirty hair is pulled back and is wearing a jong grey dress -- she’ § even more gaunt and unkempt than the last time we saw er. She steps out, closing the door behind her.
144) 4) dialog: But dad said --
149) 0) text: gindy and Andrea walk up to the front door with caution in their steps. A chill chews on their spines -- -- the cellar door at the end of the hallway is wide open -- the deep scratches an eerie reminder of why they've kept it closed. The chair and wedge have been pushed aside.
149) 2) dialog: (panicked) Let’s just go. Cindy ignores her.
151) 1) dialog: Open it! Open it!
156) 7) dialog: (barely audible) Mommy, you’re hurting me.