4) 5) dialog: I don’t hear anything. A slow growing smile cracks across his face --
4) 7) dialog: I see where I’m putting my garden.
5) 0) text: Carolyn and the girls are next to Roger as he opens the door. Andrea dashes in.
5) 3) text: Roger’s eyes meet Carolyn’s -- who seems amused.
5) 4) dialog: This is why some animals eat their young. She gives Roger a quick kiss as she enters. He playfully slaps her on the butt. Roger turns to see Sadie standing several feet back, staring in through the open door. There’s a deep intensity behind her dark eyes -- her body rigid. Roger’s confused.
6) 0) text: Carolyn stands at a counter next to a sink, unpacking several knickknacks from a box. Surrounding 7.2 ass cabinets are all open, and already loaded with dishes. (CONTINUED)
6) 1) text: A large oak table and chairs are set up in a nook with a hutch tucked tight against a wall opposite it. Carolyn peels off packing paper from THREE WAX MONKEYS on a wooden stand; hands over eyes, ears and mouth, with a written caption underneath: “HEAR NO EVIL, SEE No EVIL, SPEAK NO EVIL. She sets it on a window lédge over the sink. Andrea comes in carrying a HAND-MADE bird-feeder and chain that only a mother could love.
6) 3) dialog: Of course. I think I saw a hook on the back porch. Andrea moves to a back door.
7) 4) dialog: Careful -- this may turn into something fun.
7) 6) dialog: That’d be great. She turns and faces him. Loves this man dearly. CAROLYN (cont'd) Thank you for this. eat ) I know it was a lot for us to chew off, but it’s going to be great, isn’t it --
7) 9) text: A matching bedroom set has been set up. Numerous boxes are stacked and waiting to be unpacked as -- -- Carolyn pulls some clothes from a wardrobe box at the foot of her bed and walks them into --
7) 13) dialog: We can’t just leave her out there, she might run away.
7) 15) dialog: You _weren’t just on the roof, were you? He turns around -- huh? CAROLYN (cont’d) I heard something, sounded like footsteps.
7) 18) dialog: Maybe grab a flashlight too -- Roger heads out.
8) 0) text: Carolyn’s eyes open -- she’s awakened to what sounds like the distant screams of hundreds of children -- but that can’t be right. She glances to Roger, who is sound asleep. She slips out of bed to investigate.
9) 0) text: Carolyn comes out the back door. Listens -- it’s much louder. Her attention is drawn to the woods directly behind the house where the screaming is coming from. A HAND touches her shoulder -- she about oem s out of her skin. She whirls. Roger is standing right behind her.
9) 2) dialog: What is that?
9) 4) dialog: And you know this because?
9) 6) dialog: Sounds like some pretty rough sex. Roger playfully pulls her into an embrace -- (CONTINUED)
9) 9) dialog: I think you're right. She snuggles up -- CAROLYN (cont'd) (coy) You still too tired?
9) 11) dialog: No -- you do. As they head in, Carolyn’s gaze drifts back over her shoulder one more time into the darkness -- still slightly uneasy.
11) 0) text: Carolyn, wearing a robe, comes out of the bedroom -- side steps a few boxes. Morning light streaks in through several windows, illuminating the fact that the Perrons are far from being unpacked. The bathroom door opens and Cindy sticks her head out --
11) 2) dialog: Tell your dad. As Carolyn walks away --
11) 6) dialog: Is it there now?
11) 8) dialog: Problem solved. Cindy rolls her eyes, then retreats back into the bathroom.
12) 0) text: As Carolyn passes a clock at the base of the stairs, she notices that it reads: 5:15 AM. She stops, checks her watch, resets the clock to 7:38 AM.
13) 0) text: Carolyn crosses to a packing box on the counter. Digs a kettle out of it. She moves to the sink and as she turns on the water to fill it -- -- she freezes. On the window ledge before her are -- -- The THREE WAX MONKEYS -- but instead of being lined up in a row like they were before, they are now facing each other -- their heads all melted into one, like some deformed creature. She then notices that the small clock she put next to them has stopped at 5:15 as well -- ANDREA O.C. Mommy, where’s Sadie? Carolyn turns to see Andrea standing at the kitchen door.
13) 1) dialog: She’s out front. Why don’t you see if she’ll come in. She’s got to be hungry. Andrea tears out of the kitchen, dodging Roger as he enters.
13) 5) dialog: (a little spooked) Not at all. (beat) And look at the clock -- it stopped at 5:15. So did the one in the hall.
17) 0) text: Roger approaches a guy wearing incredibly dirty pants and shirt, who's peering down a hole in the ground into a septic system -- Carolyn can be seen in the background tending to a newly sprouting, completely fenced in gaxden. A SCARECROW, secured to a make-shift cross of x4's, stands at attention in the middle of it. It’s wearing overalls, plaid shirt and donning a wig with shoulder length hair capped over a small pillow that has a grude face drawn on. Roger’s big rig is parked next to e barn. Roger gets to the guy, who turns and faces him. His shirt has a name tag, reads: Carl.
18) 0) text: A stressed Roger stands opposite Carolyn, who continues to tend the garden. She stops.
18) 2) dialog: We knew there could be problems, honey.
18) 4) dialog: ...Does that mean you?
20) 0) text: It’s late. Carolyn has a basket of laundry tucked under her arm as she heads down the hallway toward her room at the end. She stops at the closed bathroom door which has a phone cord running across the floor from Cindy’s room into it. CINDY 0.C. .».. School basically sucks, there’s no cute guys... and there’s so many friggin bugs... Carolyn just sighs as she opens the door. Sees Cindy standing in front of a mirror, phone to ear, comparing two different colors of eye shadow, closing one eye at a time --
20) 1) dialog: Bed. Five minutes. She closes the door.
21) 2) dialog: Hey, you’re supposed to be asleep.
21) 6) dialog: Really...? She joins Andrea at the closet. Opens the door wider. Carolyn reaches overhead and pulls on a light string, filling the large walk-in closet with bright light. There’s an array of clothes and shoes, but -- no cat. Carolyn turns to Andrea -- CAROLYN (cont'd) You sure?
21) 8) dialog: It’s not here now. It probably just slipped out and we didn’t see it. Andrea bends down, looking under Cindy’s bed again -- it’s not there. CAROLYN (cont’d) C'mon, let’s get you back into bed. I’11 look for it.
21) 11) dialog: He said he’s going to try to make it home tonight. Carolyn begins to tuck her in --
21) 13) dialog: He lost his job, sweetie, so he’s driving for anyone he can right now -- we gotta pay the bills.
21) 15) dialog: They sure do.
21) 19) dialog: ...Sure.
22) 0) text: She comes out of the bedroom. The SCRATCHING NOISE is coming from downstairs. She walks by several pictures of Cindy, Andrea and the family together hanging on the walls as she heads toward the staircase. Suddenly the noise turns violent -- DEEP, VICIOUS SCRATCHES -- like nails across wood. She slows her pace dramatically. Carolyn moves to the top of the staircase -- almost too afraid to look down. Digs up some courage -- Her pov - THE CELLAR DOOR rattles upon impact as something continues to dig and claw at the door from the other side.
23) 0) text: Carolyn heads down as the scratching continues.
24) 0) text: She comes off the bottom step and guardedly moves down the hallway to the door. Just as she gets to it, THE SCRATCHING INSTANTLY STOPS. The house gets church quiet. She listens intently -- torn with what to do. Carolyn retreats momentarily back into the kitchen -- comes out a second later with a flashlight. She sone gets onto her hands and knees. Targets a one inch etween the bottom of the door and floor with the f ashlight, then -- -- thumbs the switch. THE LIGHT INSTANTLY REFLECTS OFF TWO EYES BORING RIGHT BACK AT HER from within the dark recess -- but there’s nothing human, nor animal about them. Carolyn freaks -- recoils in a frenzy of motion. She scrambles back to the kitchen door where she grabs a RUBBER DOOR-WEDGE from the floor next to it. She ushers it back to the cellar door and SLAMS it into the gap. (CONTINUED)
24) 4) dialog: Stay up there!
25) 0) text: Roger heads down his driveway. His headlights capture Carolyn looking out the living room window at him -- she looks terrorized, anxious.
27) 0) text: Roger comes out of the living room, gun in hand. Carolyn the girls watch him from the top of the stairs as he heads for the cellar door, which now has a chair propped up under the handle as well as the door-wedge.
27) 1) dialog: Careful. Roger removes the chair and wedge. Gun ready. He slowly opens the door -- -- Carolyn gasps at DEEP SCRATCHES that crisscross the back of it. Roger stands still for a moment, looking at them as well, then heads down a steep set of wooden stairs that get lost in the darkness. He flips a nearby wall switch, washing the cellar ina dull, yellow light.
29) 0) text: Roger comes up off the stairs. Closes the door behind him. Looks up to Carolyn and the girls who are waiting with baited breath upstairs.
29) 2) dialog: (adamant ) I know what I saw Roger, and heard it digging at the door.
29) 8) dialog: You think I’m making this up? (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Dark rain clouds threaten. The leaves in the trees have begun to turn color. The garden off to the side is now void of any growth -- the ground bare. The Scarecrow looks dead itself; it’s stringy hair drawn across its face by a small breeze. Andrea, wearing a warm sweater, is kneeling before a small grave at the base of a tree. There’s a wooden cross with the name SADIE written on it. She’s pulling several weeds away. Cindy ¢ s helping Carolyn take down some sheets from a clothing line as they ripple in the wind. Roger's Rig is parked next to the barn.
39) 0) text: Carolyn comes in with the girls. Roger’s on the phone. He looks tired. Strained. As they cross --
39) 2) dialog: sympathetic)
41) 0) text: Carolyn and Roger are rattled from a dead sleep by Andrea's blood curdling scream -- both scramble out of the covers to get to her.
41) 8) dialog: No I haven't -- there’s something wrong with this place.
41) 10) dialog: I don’t know. pleading) I’m scared to death, Roger. We need to get someone out here, a priest or someone.
41) 12) dialog: I have no idea. Bless it -- whatever they do.
41) 14) dialog: Roger, please. He doesn’t turn around.
44) 0) text: Roger is pulling out in his big rig. Carolyn is standing outside the house, wrapped in a sweater. She looks soul weary as she watches him drive off.
44) 2) dialog: How’s the homework going?
44) 4) dialog: Andrea and I are going to bed.
45) 0) text: Two steps into the hallway, ¢ Cindy pauses momentarily -- reacting to some sort of foul smel She then moves forward, and as she’s about to step into her mom’s room - she stops mid-stride -- her face goes taut -- -- standing next to the bed is AN APPARITION of a woman; dark matted hair, white white skin -- her body awkwardly hunched forward over Carolyn and Andrea, who are sleeping, completely unaware of her presence. The Apparition slowly cranes her head toward Cindy. Stares at her with pupil-less, snow-white eyes. She suddenl. oar es toward Cindy ii ghtning fast, passing right throu her body, and vanishes. Off Cindy’s scream --
46) 0) text: Simple white structure with a steeple. FATHER THORNTON; late 20's, is getting ready to take down letters from a small, glass encased marquee posted into the ground that says: A CHURCH IS A GIFT FROM GOD...ASSEMBLY REQUIRED. CAROLYN O.C. Excuse me, Father Thorton? He looks over to see Carolyn approaching --
47) 0) text: Father Thorton_and Carolyn share a table under the shade of a large willow. (CONTINUED)
47) 4) dialog: Thank you --
48) 18) dialog: -- You found it okay?
48) 20) dialog: These are my daughters, Cindy and Andrea.
48) 22) dialog: Come in.
49) 0) text: Lorraine and Ed stand with Carolyn and the girls. We catch them mid-conversation:
49) 1) dialog: ...In the last few nights it’s gotten even worse.
49) 6) dialog: What? What is it? Please.
49) 8) dialog: ---Ohmygod. Ed’s eyes drift to a couple of door handles that line the hallway where pieces of rope are dangling off them. CAROLYN (cont’d) It keeps them from banging at night.
49) 11) dialog: Used to.
49) 13) dialog: Yes. Sadie.
49) 15) dialog: The first night we moved in she wouldn't come in the house -- so Roger had to tether her out front. (beat) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
49) 19) dialog: Because there’s something in there that keeps scratching from the other side. Lorraine gets to the door and pulls the chair and wedge free -- opens the door, revealing -- -- Tons more of the DEEP, VIOLENT SCRATCHES. Lorraine hits the switch on the wall, lighting up the basement.
51) 0) text: Ed lags behind as Lorraine follows Carolyn and the girls into the living room. She takes a moment, looking it over.
51) 2) dialog: About five months ago. Lorraine’s eyes drift over to the fireplace where she’s hit with ANOTHER IMAGE OF -- -- blood dripping off the hearth onto the set of long, narrow knitting needles swallowed in red. She turns to Carolyn and the girls -
52) 0) text: As Carolyn, Andrea and Cindy lead Ed and Lorraine up the stairs --
52) 2) dialog: It’s the strangest thing, they fly into the side of the barn -- necks get broken. All kinds of ‘em. Cindy looks back to Lorraine and Ed --
52) 4) dialog: And the clocks -- they stop at 5:15 a.m. (CONTINUED)
52) 8) dialog: Um-hum.
53) 1) dialog: We used to have family pictures, but something keeps knocking them off the nails, so I just stopped putting them back up.
53) 3) dialog: qhings only happen when he’s gone. He thinks it’s all in our heads.
53) 5) dialog: Well, it’s working. As they pass Andrea’s room -- CAROLYN (cont'd) This is where Andrea had that experience on the bed. Lorraine pauses for a moment looking in. Notices that none of the pillows have cases on them.
55) 0) text: Ed sits with Carolyn at the kitchen table with his tape recorder between them.
58) 0) text: Lorraine walks into the kitchen, where Ed is still interviewing Carolyn. He pauses the tape, looks to her --
62) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine are sitting at the kitchen table. Carolyn refills coffee cups. Lorraine’s looking at the melted monkeys on the table before her.
62) 1) dialog: Do you think she’s the same one Cindy saw?
62) 8) dialog: Just that it was built sometime in the late 1800's. We bought it from an auction through a Bank Trust -- we never knew who the owners were. beat) I always wanted to live in the country -- this was supposed to be someplace safer than the city. Ed takes a moment, then --
62) 10) dialog: I’m fine with that.
62) 12) dialog: Why’s that?
62) 14) dialog: So what happens if we don’t get it?
63) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine stand at the front door, ready to Carolyn’s with them. Ed, who’s holding the clock the kitchen, looks at her —— straightforward.
63) 2) dialog: ... I was raised Methodist, I guess...
63) 6) dialog: No... we’re not really a church going family. Ed glances to Lorraine, then --
63) 8) dialog: ---Why?
67) 0) text: Cindy is heading up the staircase with a glass of milk in hand when water slowly cascades down from the stairs above her and slowly caresses her feet before moving on down to the next stair. She looks up -- -- eyes go wide. Standing on a stair, several up from her, is a YOUNG BOY (12), soaking wet, dressed in vintage clothing. His skin is stark white and rotting in places, and he as a non-stop flow of water dribbling out mouth. Cindy drops the glass -- it shatters. She screams. A second later, a very concerned Carolyn shows up at the top of the stairs. Cindy can barely get the words out --
72) 0) text: Carolyn is getting ready for bed. There’s a flare in the window from headlights coming down the driveway. She moves to the window and looks out -- -- it’s Roger returning in the rig.
73) 0) text: Roger looks clearly irritated as he reaches for a bottle of scotch in a cabinet. Carolyn is leaning against the counter, arms folded, trying to stay strong.
73) 2) dialog: We have to do something. It’s getting worse.
73) 4) dialog: They said you haven't seen anything because it wants to create “this”, this conflict between us. Roger half laughs to himself as he uncorks the bottle.
73) 8) dialog: Nothing. She moves over_to Roger and takes his hands in hers before he can lift the glass to his mouth -- CAROLYN §cont!d) I’m scared to death and so are the girls -- and I hate what it’s loing to us. She looks at him eye to eye -- CAROLYN (cont'd) Please Roger. For me -- please.
77) 0) text: A troubled looking Carolyn has the door open as Jerome, Ed and Bruce pile in, each loaded with monitors, VCRs, gauges, and various pieces of camera equipment, etc. Lorraine follows, carrying a box. Cindy and Andrea are looking down from the landing upstairs.
77) 2) dialog: Yes, of course --
77) 5) dialog: Ed and Lorraine, this is my husband, Roger. Even though Ed sees the doubt in Roger’s eyes --
78) 0) text: Lorraine is standing against the counter, listening to Carolyn --
78) 1) dialog: ...Water was just pouring out of his mouth. — LORRAINE This is good -- Off Carolyn’s surprised look -- LORRAINE (cont'd) We want the activity. It gives us the proof we need. All Carolyn can do is manage a slow, reluctant nod of approval. Silent tears begin to cascade down her cheeks. Bruce enters, carrying the bags of groceries, interrupting the moment -- isn’t quite sure what to do. Lorraine nods to the kitchen table, which has two baskets of folded laundry sitting on it. LORRAINE (cont’d) Why don’t you just put them over there. He does. Leaves. Carolyn looks over to the groceries --
78) 2) dialog: -- You didn’t have to do that. _.., LORRAINE ; Are you kidding me? Jerome will eat you out of house and home, believe me, it’s the least we can do. Carolyn manages a slight smile. LORRAINE (cont'd) re; folded clothing) Those have to go upstairs?
80) 23) dialog: «+.How could a mother kill her own child?
82) 0) text: Lorraine and Carolyn descend the stairs, each carrying an empty laundry basket. They stop_at the foyer where their attention is drawn to Cindy and Jerome in the living room.
82) 4) dialog: He certainly looks like he knows what he’s doing.
82) 6) dialog: And Bruce is a police officer?
82) 8) dialog: Oh honey, I need to get dinner going --
85) 0) text: Carolyn, Roger and Jerome stand at the doorway as Bruce, Lorrasne and Ed file out of the basement. Ed looks to Carolyn, reading her disappointment.
87) 0) text: Lorraine is seated next to Carolyn in front of the monitors, who's watching Andrea and Cindy curled asleep on Cindy's bed.
87) 1) dialog: I think you guys being here makes them feel safe
89) 0) text: Lorraine knocks on the front door, but there’s no response. She waits a second longer, then decides to go in anyway. She opens the front door. Even though all the lights are all off, and it’s somewhat dark inside, she sees -- -- Carolyn, now wearing her hair down, coming up out of the CELLAR DOOR at the end of the hall, then walk into the kitchen -- oblivious to Lorraine’s presence.
90) 0) text: Lorraine stands at the open door. Carolyn is at the counter with her back to her.
90) 2) dialog: ...You’re early.
90) 4) dialog: (simply) I wanted to get some soup going. Needed some beets. Lorraine finds it odd, but lets it go.
93) 0) text: Bruce enters. Looks to Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger, who are seated on the sofas -- his demeanor, as well as the look on his face, drawing their attention -- Jerome looks over from the monitors.
98) 0) text: -- where he joins Carolyn and Roger, who have their eyes glued the MONITOR as the camera keeps strobing throug the dark hallway. Lorraine, Bruce and Jerome come up right behind him --
98) 1) dialog: Oh my God. They look to the monitor showing Cindy’s room. As she and Andrea sleep peacefully, THEIR BREATHS are FREEZING ON EXHALE.
100) 0) text: Roger is holding Andrea in his arms, sitting on the edge of the bed, while Carolyn is latched onto Cindy, cuddled on the other side. He looks to her --
100) 2) dialog: ---It’s okay.
105) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep. Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an open window next to her. (CONTINUED)
112) 0) text: Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger are standing at the table, looking at a photograph -- Jerome stands aside, holding two more photos in his hand.
116) 0) text: Lorraine heads outside. She catches a glimpse of Carolyn heading into the woods behind the barn.
117) 0) text: Lorraine makes her way through the woods, literally retracing her steps from before. As she approaches the clearing, she can see -- -- carolyn sitting on the wall of the cemetery with her back to her Light pierces down through the thick canopy above.
117) 2) dialog: Yes...?
144) 1) dialog: Come with me.
144) 3) dialog: We're going home.
144) 5) dialog: (abrupt) -- He’s meeting us there. C’mon.
148) 0) text: Carolyn turns down the driveway and heads toward their house that sits dark in the distance.
151) 0) text: Cindy WHIPS THE DOOR CLOSED! The second she slams the chair back into place -- A LOUD, VIOLENT BANGING ON THE DOOR reverberates right before her. The gizis recoil from the impact, visibly trembling -- how did their mom get there so fast. Either way, they’re getting the hell out of there. Two steps into their departure -- -- THE CELLAR DOOR flies off hinges -- the chair goes flying. Standing in the doorwa half in and out of the darkness, is Carolyn; her breat "is elevated, almost hissing on each ex ale as she grips the knitting needles tight in one hand. Both the girls spin on their heels. Race for the front door, which SLAMS SHUT right before them. The girls scream. Cindy struggles with the door, but it won’t udge.
156) 22) text: Fight it, Carolyn! Don’t let her ake you! The dresser slides agross the floor, ripping DEEP SCRATCHES in the wood. £ just misses Lorraine by a fraction as it plows ri it y her, bounces off the bed frame and embeds into the drywall. Lorraine looks to Cindy -- LORRAINE (cont'd) Help us!