4) 3) dialog: Oh my God, this place looks so boring -- we’re like in the middle of nowhere. As Andrea enthusiastically runs ahead to the porch, Roger turns to Carolyn --
5) 2) dialog: Do I get to pick my own room, or do I have no choice in that too? (CONTINUED)
11) 0) text: Carolyn, wearing a robe, comes out of the bedroom -- side steps a few boxes. Morning light streaks in through several windows, illuminating the fact that the Perrons are far from being unpacked. The bathroom door opens and Cindy sticks her head out --
11) 1) dialog: Do you think maybe we could’ve bought a house that has a toilet that works --
11) 3) dialog: And_ there was this really funky smell in my bedroom last night -- like something died. (CONTINUED)
11) 7) dialog: No.
20) 0) text: It’s late. Carolyn has a basket of laundry tucked under her arm as she heads down the hallway toward her room at the end. She stops at the closed bathroom door which has a phone cord running across the floor from Cindy’s room into it. CINDY 0.C. .».. School basically sucks, there’s no cute guys... and there’s so many friggin bugs... Carolyn just sighs as she opens the door. Sees Cindy standing in front of a mirror, phone to ear, comparing two different colors of eye shadow, closing one eye at a time --
21) 0) text: As Andrea moves to Cindy’s room, she can hear her sister still talking on the phone in the bathroom. Her mom is folding clothes on the bed in the master bedroom at the end, unaware of her presence. INT. CINDY’S ROOM - RIGHT AFTER Andrea stands in the doorway looking to see where the cat went. Her face is hit by a PURPLE HUE cascading from a BLACKLIGHT hanging above a bed; posters of The Jackson Five, peace signs and Alice in Wonderland, all glow from the fight. Scattered clothes litter the floor.” The bed’s unmade. Andrea can’t see the cat anywhere, then she hears it HISSING from under the bed.
22) 0) text: She comes out of the bedroom. The SCRATCHING NOISE is coming from downstairs. She walks by several pictures of Cindy, Andrea and the family together hanging on the walls as she heads toward the staircase. Suddenly the noise turns violent -- DEEP, VICIOUS SCRATCHES -- like nails across wood. She slows her pace dramatically. Carolyn moves to the top of the staircase -- almost too afraid to look down. Digs up some courage -- Her pov - THE CELLAR DOOR rattles upon impact as something continues to dig and claw at the door from the other side.
24) 3) dialog: (concerned) What’s going on? Carolyn spins. Sees Cindy and Andrea staring down at her from the top of the stairs.
29) 5) dialog: This house gives me the creeps, we never should've moved here. I want to go back to New Jersey. Andrea folds into her mom’s arms.
38) 0) text: Dark rain clouds threaten. The leaves in the trees have begun to turn color. The garden off to the side is now void of any growth -- the ground bare. The Scarecrow looks dead itself; it’s stringy hair drawn across its face by a small breeze. Andrea, wearing a warm sweater, is kneeling before a small grave at the base of a tree. There’s a wooden cross with the name SADIE written on it. She’s pulling several weeds away. Cindy ¢ s helping Carolyn take down some sheets from a clothing line as they ripple in the wind. Roger's Rig is parked next to the barn.
44) 3) dialog: It’s going.
44) 5) dialog: I’1ll be in, in a little bit.
44) 8) dialog: (softly) Mom...? No response. (CONTINUED)
45) 0) text: Two steps into the hallway, ¢ Cindy pauses momentarily -- reacting to some sort of foul smel She then moves forward, and as she’s about to step into her mom’s room - she stops mid-stride -- her face goes taut -- -- standing next to the bed is AN APPARITION of a woman; dark matted hair, white white skin -- her body awkwardly hunched forward over Carolyn and Andrea, who are sleeping, completely unaware of her presence. The Apparition slowly cranes her head toward Cindy. Stares at her with pupil-less, snow-white eyes. She suddenl. oar es toward Cindy ii ghtning fast, passing right throu her body, and vanishes. Off Cindy’s scream --
48) 21) dialog: .. Hi.
49) 5) dialog: The one I saw. It was horrible, like rotting meat. Ed glances to Lorraine.
52) 0) text: As Carolyn, Andrea and Cindy lead Ed and Lorraine up the stairs --
52) 3) dialog: And things have been getting moved around a lot. The table in the kitchen was blocking the door this morning. As Carolyn steps onto the landing --
54) 4) dialog: On the left side of the bed. Lorraine walks over to it. Ed moves to a dresser, looks to a framed photo of the girls, then to a framed wedding picture of Roger and Carolyn. There’s another photo of Roger kneeling on_ one knee, posing next to a twelve-poin buck he’s shot. His rifle rests across his arms.
56) 11) dialog: -- I don’t know what it was. My mom thinks it might be what’s been scratching at the cellar door --
57) 0) text: Cindy, wrapped in a towel, walks out of the upstairs bathroom. She stops dead in her tracks, staring at the floor, where -- -- backlit by the moon, a tree lays shadows on it through a window at the far end. But it’s not the tree branches that disturbs her, it’s that -- -- SOMETHING IS SITTING on the branches with crooked arms, taloned claws, and legs sprouted grotesquely from a bulky torso -- She forces herself to look out the window -- but nothing’s there.
67) 0) text: Cindy is heading up the staircase with a glass of milk in hand when water slowly cascades down from the stairs above her and slowly caresses her feet before moving on down to the next stair. She looks up -- -- eyes go wide. Standing on a stair, several up from her, is a YOUNG BOY (12), soaking wet, dressed in vintage clothing. His skin is stark white and rotting in places, and he as a non-stop flow of water dribbling out mouth. Cindy drops the glass -- it shatters. She screams. A second later, a very concerned Carolyn shows up at the top of the stairs. Cindy can barely get the words out --
67) 1) dialog: There was a boy standing right there -- She points to where she saw him -- he’s gone, but the water is still present and dripping down the stairs.
77) 0) text: A troubled looking Carolyn has the door open as Jerome, Ed and Bruce pile in, each loaded with monitors, VCRs, gauges, and various pieces of camera equipment, etc. Lorraine follows, carrying a box. Cindy and Andrea are looking down from the landing upstairs.
81) 0) text: Jerome is munching from a bag of potato chips while sorting through a spaghetti pile of cables that run from SEVEN different VCR’s to SEVEN separate MONITORS, each labeled accordingly; basement, upstairs hallway, downstairs hallway, master, living room, barn, and the girl's bedroom. Cindy is standing next to Jerome, looks somewhat smitten. Jerome cuts off a slice of tape with_a PAIR OF SCISSORS and secures it around one of the cables, holding several loops in place.
81) 1) dialog: (pointing) And what’s that?
81) 3) dialog: Really? Why?
81) 5) dialog: That'd be so cool.
82) 0) text: Lorraine and Carolyn descend the stairs, each carrying an empty laundry basket. They stop_at the foyer where their attention is drawn to Cindy and Jerome in the living room.
82) 14) dialog: (matter-of-fact) Have you always been able to see things? (CONTINUED)
82) 20) dialog: What's the first thing you saw?
87) 0) text: Lorraine is seated next to Carolyn in front of the monitors, who's watching Andrea and Cindy curled asleep on Cindy's bed.
100) 0) text: Roger is holding Andrea in his arms, sitting on the edge of the bed, while Carolyn is latched onto Cindy, cuddled on the other side. He looks to her --
105) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep. Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an open window next to her. (CONTINUED)
115) 0) text: Lorraine comes out of the living room. Bruce and Jerome are in the background, breaking down the equipment. She approaches Andrea, who is sitting in Cindy’s lap on the bottom step -- the trauma still apparent on_her face. It’s hard for Lorraine to see this little girl like this.
115) 2) dialog: No, she’s in the kitchen. Lorraine’s walks to the kitchen doorway -- peers in. It's empty. She notices that the back door is open.
122) 0) text: Lunch crowd. Don McLean's “American Pie” plays in the b.g. as Cindy and Andrea are sitting on bar stools at a linoleum counter, picking through lunch. Out of ear shot, and seated at_a booth opposite the counter, is Roger. He’s with Ed and Lorraine, and looks stressed out.
144) 0) text: Cindy and Andrea approach their hotel room. Just as Cindy reaches for the doorknob, the door swings open, revealing Garglyn standing right before them. Her dirty hair is pulled back and is wearing a jong grey dress -- she’ § even more gaunt and unkempt than the last time we saw er. She steps out, closing the door behind her.
144) 2) dialog: Where?
145) 4) dialog: Are you okay, mom? Carolyn doesn’t answer. The girls look to each other, more confused. Their worry continues to escalate. Carolyn shifts her eyes to the rear view mirror and for a brief moment, THE EYES WE SEE are not hers anymore; these are dark, menacing, soulless.
148) 1) dialog: You said dad was going to be here. No answer from Carolyn, who continues to the front of the house and parks. She grabs a bag holding the KNITTING NEEDLES as she gets out. (CONTINUED)
149) 1) dialog: calling out) Mom, what are you doing? We should go. Still no response. Gandy takes Andrea b the hand, and reluctantly heads inside the house. ey 9 go down the hallway toward the cellar -- slow Step” after slow step. CINDY (cont'd) Mom -- are you down there? When they get to the door, they peer in to see, a vacant staircase. CINDY (cont'd) Mom... ? A slight shuffling noise is the only response. CINDY (cont'd) Mom -- answer me. Are you okay? The noise stops. Cindy’s instincts are screaming at her to leave, but this is her mom. CINDY (cont'd) (to Andrea) Stay here. Cindy tries the light switch -- doesn’t work.
150) 3) dialog: Mom...? WHOOSH! A HAND suddenly shoots out from between the stairs, grabbing onto her ankle, tripping her -- =-_Cindy grabs onto the handrail to keep herself from falling. She looks to the gap between the stairs to see her mom staring out at her with those wild, soulless eyes -- hand still fatched onto her foot. Cindy heel drives her free foot against her mother’s wrist, freeing the grasp she has on her and scrambles back up the stairs.
151) 0) text: Cindy WHIPS THE DOOR CLOSED! The second she slams the chair back into place -- A LOUD, VIOLENT BANGING ON THE DOOR reverberates right before her. The gizis recoil from the impact, visibly trembling -- how did their mom get there so fast. Either way, they’re getting the hell out of there. Two steps into their departure -- -- THE CELLAR DOOR flies off hinges -- the chair goes flying. Standing in the doorwa half in and out of the darkness, is Carolyn; her breat "is elevated, almost hissing on each ex ale as she grips the knitting needles tight in one hand. Both the girls spin on their heels. Race for the front door, which SLAMS SHUT right before them. The girls scream. Cindy struggles with the door, but it won’t udge.
151) 2) dialog: I can’t. Movement through a side window catches her attention -- -- it’s Roger racing up the driveway in the pickup. CINDY (cont'd) Daaaaaad! Cindy throws a panicked look over her shoulder to see her mom approaching. She grabs her little sister by the hand and races up the stairs.
152) 3) dialog: 
155) 0) text: CINDY 0.¢c.
156) 0) text: As they come off the top of the stairs -- CINDY O.C. (pleading) ... please, let her go! Ed races down the hallway to the master bedroom. Door’s closed. Lorraine and Bruce are right behind. (CONTINUED)
156) 8) dialog: Mom, stop.
156) 22) text: Fight it, Carolyn! Don’t let her ake you! The dresser slides agross the floor, ripping DEEP SCRATCHES in the wood. £ just misses Lorraine by a fraction as it plows ri it y her, bounces off the bed frame and embeds into the drywall. Lorraine looks to Cindy -- LORRAINE (cont'd) Help us!
156) 27) dialog: Please mom, please! You can do it. Make her let go of Andrea!