0) 0) text: Judson’s attention is immediately drawn to a living room on his right, where the shadows of flames from the fireplace dance wickedly off the horrified look on his face. He just stares into it -- almost unable to comprehend what he’s seeing. Wood crackles. (CONTINUED)
1) 0) text: As he gets closer and closer to the fireplace, the orange of the fire gets brighter on his face, the crackling ouder. He stops before the hearth, then looks to his feet, where a_ pair of tong, narrow knitting needles lie on the wood floor in a puddle of blood. He’s emotionally devastated. His peripheral vision picks up on something outside moving quickly past a window. Rage fills his face. He pivots. Dashes back out the front door, where --
2) 0) text: -- Judson leaps off the porch and dashes by the ranch hand who’s reigning in the horses that seem spooked. He picks up speed as he moves around the side of the house, where he sees a woman in a long grey dress, bare feet and lengthy jet black hair, dashing into the barn and closing the door behind her. Judson gets to the barn -- tries to open the door, but it won't budge. He viciously pulls on the handle over and over, testing the lock and hinges -- then finally throws his shoulder into it, breaking it open.
4) 0) text: A_1970's wood paneled station wagon, with New Jersey plates, drives down a gravel driveway. (CONTINUED)
5) 3) text: Roger’s eyes meet Carolyn’s -- who seems amused.
6) 0) text: Carolyn stands at a counter next to a sink, unpacking several knickknacks from a box. Surrounding 7.2 ass cabinets are all open, and already loaded with dishes. (CONTINUED)
6) 1) text: A large oak table and chairs are set up in a nook with a hutch tucked tight against a wall opposite it. Carolyn peels off packing paper from THREE WAX MONKEYS on a wooden stand; hands over eyes, ears and mouth, with a written caption underneath: “HEAR NO EVIL, SEE No EVIL, SPEAK NO EVIL. She sets it on a window lédge over the sink. Andrea comes in carrying a HAND-MADE bird-feeder and chain that only a mother could love.
7) 9) text: A matching bedroom set has been set up. Numerous boxes are stacked and waiting to be unpacked as -- -- Carolyn pulls some clothes from a wardrobe box at the foot of her bed and walks them into --
7) 10) text: Just_as she begins to hang them up -- the noise of CREAKING WOOD draws her attention to the ceiling -- where it sounds like someone’s trying to walk quietly -- then it stops. She’s a little unnerved -- walks back out into
8) 0) text: Carolyn’s eyes open -- she’s awakened to what sounds like the distant screams of hundreds of children -- but that can’t be right. She glances to Roger, who is sound asleep. She slips out of bed to investigate.
10) 0) text: Clouds have moved in, ,Syallowing any illumination from the moon and stars, giving the house an ill-boding resence. The frogs have stopped, replaced by a ingering, unholy silence.
11) 0) text: Carolyn, wearing a robe, comes out of the bedroom -- side steps a few boxes. Morning light streaks in through several windows, illuminating the fact that the Perrons are far from being unpacked. The bathroom door opens and Cindy sticks her head out --
13) 0) text: Carolyn crosses to a packing box on the counter. Digs a kettle out of it. She moves to the sink and as she turns on the water to fill it -- -- she freezes. On the window ledge before her are -- -- The THREE WAX MONKEYS -- but instead of being lined up in a row like they were before, they are now facing each other -- their heads all melted into one, like some deformed creature. She then notices that the small clock she put next to them has stopped at 5:15 as well -- ANDREA O.C. Mommy, where’s Sadie? Carolyn turns to see Andrea standing at the kitchen door.
14) 0) text: Andrea comes out of the front door. She sees an iron post pounded into the ground with a chain snaking off it. Sadie’s tail is visible, but a full view of her is hidden by a bush at the bottom of the stairs.
15) 0) text: ED and LORRAINE WARREN (early thirties) are up on a stage standing behind a podium. An audience of three hundred captivated college students are seated before them as rough film footage rolls on a LARGE SCREEN of a oo ehotre looking man, rail thin, late 20’s, sitting in air. His eyes are black, matching his hair. His skin is pasty ite. A Catholic priest is next to him, reciting Latin from a bible in barely audible words.
15) 1) dialog: -- He was a French Canadian farmer with nothing more than a third grade education -- yet after being possessed by a demon, spoke some of the best Latin I had ever heard -- sometimes backwards. He had been molested by his father, who also exposed him to bestiality. beat), Evil found its home in this man because he was conflicted, and forced into this -- he never had a choice. (beat) He though he was saving his wife by shooting her -- like his father did to his mother.
15) 3) dialog: That’s good, Jerome, why don’t you hit the lights -- As the house lights kick back on, we see JEROME DAVIS (20's), Ed_and Lorraine’s technical assistant standing in the back of the lecture hall. He has longish hair, wears cords and a flannel shirt. A leather necklace with peace sign is draped around his neck. He turns the projector
15) 25) dialog: Being married to a clairvoyant -- there’s not a whole lot I can get away with. (CONTINUED)
16) 0) text: Jerome slides open the side door of a VW van. There’s a sticker on the window that reads, “When this van’s a rockin’, don’t bother knockin’”. He sets the projector next to’an array of other electronic equipment, then -- -- turns to Ed and Lorraine, who are about to get into a Plymouth parked right next to him.
16) 1) dialog: So, you feel like Chinese? He looks at them with a cocky grin -- JEROME O.C. I hate to bail on you, but I think I’m going to do some “tutoring”. Ed and Lorraine are slightly confused, until -- Jerome turns and smiles at a young woman approaching them. It’s the Pony Tail girl. Ed lets an amused laugh escape his lips as he gets into the car.
17) 0) text: Roger approaches a guy wearing incredibly dirty pants and shirt, who's peering down a hole in the ground into a septic system -- Carolyn can be seen in the background tending to a newly sprouting, completely fenced in gaxden. A SCARECROW, secured to a make-shift cross of x4's, stands at attention in the middle of it. It’s wearing overalls, plaid shirt and donning a wig with shoulder length hair capped over a small pillow that has a grude face drawn on. Roger’s big rig is parked next to e barn. Roger gets to the guy, who turns and faces him. His shirt has a name tag, reads: Carl.
18) 0) text: A stressed Roger stands opposite Carolyn, who continues to tend the garden. She stops.
19) 0) text: A full moon spotlights THE SCARECROW like it’s standing center stage. It’s now surrounded by a FULLY FLOURISHING GARDEN; tall rows of corn stalks, bright yellow squash, red tomatoes and beans.
20) 0) text: It’s late. Carolyn has a basket of laundry tucked under her arm as she heads down the hallway toward her room at the end. She stops at the closed bathroom door which has a phone cord running across the floor from Cindy’s room into it. CINDY 0.C. .».. School basically sucks, there’s no cute guys... and there’s so many friggin bugs... Carolyn just sighs as she opens the door. Sees Cindy standing in front of a mirror, phone to ear, comparing two different colors of eye shadow, closing one eye at a time --
21) 0) text: As Andrea moves to Cindy’s room, she can hear her sister still talking on the phone in the bathroom. Her mom is folding clothes on the bed in the master bedroom at the end, unaware of her presence. INT. CINDY’S ROOM - RIGHT AFTER Andrea stands in the doorway looking to see where the cat went. Her face is hit by a PURPLE HUE cascading from a BLACKLIGHT hanging above a bed; posters of The Jackson Five, peace signs and Alice in Wonderland, all glow from the fight. Scattered clothes litter the floor.” The bed’s unmade. Andrea can’t see the cat anywhere, then she hears it HISSING from under the bed.
22) 0) text: She comes out of the bedroom. The SCRATCHING NOISE is coming from downstairs. She walks by several pictures of Cindy, Andrea and the family together hanging on the walls as she heads toward the staircase. Suddenly the noise turns violent -- DEEP, VICIOUS SCRATCHES -- like nails across wood. She slows her pace dramatically. Carolyn moves to the top of the staircase -- almost too afraid to look down. Digs up some courage -- Her pov - THE CELLAR DOOR rattles upon impact as something continues to dig and claw at the door from the other side.
24) 0) text: She comes off the bottom step and guardedly moves down the hallway to the door. Just as she gets to it, THE SCRATCHING INSTANTLY STOPS. The house gets church quiet. She listens intently -- torn with what to do. Carolyn retreats momentarily back into the kitchen -- comes out a second later with a flashlight. She sone gets onto her hands and knees. Targets a one inch etween the bottom of the door and floor with the f ashlight, then -- -- thumbs the switch. THE LIGHT INSTANTLY REFLECTS OFF TWO EYES BORING RIGHT BACK AT HER from within the dark recess -- but there’s nothing human, nor animal about them. Carolyn freaks -- recoils in a frenzy of motion. She scrambles back to the kitchen door where she grabs a RUBBER DOOR-WEDGE from the floor next to it. She ushers it back to the cellar door and SLAMS it into the gap. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Roger heads down his driveway. His headlights capture Carolyn looking out the living room window at him -- she looks terrorized, anxious.
27) 0) text: Roger comes out of the living room, gun in hand. Carolyn the girls watch him from the top of the stairs as he heads for the cellar door, which now has a chair propped up under the handle as well as the door-wedge.
28) 0) text: Roger inches down the stairs. Alert. Ready. He steps off the bottom step -- pauses -- gun out -- eyes perusing the shelves of canned goods and stacked moving boxes. There are no windows or other exits. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Roger comes up off the stairs. Closes the door behind him. Looks up to Carolyn and the girls who are waiting with baited breath upstairs.
30) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine move up a narrow staircase to a second story. Trailing behind them are RACHEL and DAVID, a slightly overweight couple in their late twenties. Neither wear stress wel
30) 7) dialog: And this is where it’s strongest? Both nod. Ed_looks up to see AN ATTIC DOOR DIRECTLY ABOVE THEM. He pulls on a rope, opening it up -- unfurling a set of attic steps.
31) 0) text: Ed stands half in and out as he sweeps the interior with his light. The piace is full of old furniture, wooden trunks, boxes, clothing racks. He continues up the creaky steps into the attic. Lorraine follows him up.
31) 2) dialog: No -- First Place Curling. (beat) You're not getting anything, are you?
32) 0) text: David and Rachel come up the stairs with Ed. Both look nervous to be up there. Lorraine’s standing over by the broken window. (CONTINUED)
32) 3) dialog: I know a lot of people would be creeped out living by a cemetery and -- throw a very old home into the equation, and you’re going to get the creaking, moaning sounds -- especially at night when temperature and humidity changes are the gegatest and can cause some shifting in the structure.
32) 6) text: Do it again, Lorraine -- David and Rachel look to Lorraine -- huh? They watch as she steps on TWO, water-stained WOODEN FLOORBOARDS that run near an old heating radiator next to her -- producing the same sound. ED_ (cont’ dq) Right now, it’s Lorraine’s weight, but add the moisture coming in through this broken window at night -- the boards are going to expand and rub against each other. beat You've heard it in different parts of the house because of the radiator.
32) 9) dialog: You’re not alone, a lot of what we investigate turns out like this.
33) 0) text: Nice. Well kept. Ed and Lorraine pull up into the driveway. Get out of the car, and head to the front door.
34) 0) text: Ed_and Lorraine exit a door off the kitchen. Across a well lit yard is a large chicken coop with a henhouse inside, where their dau hter JUDY (7), carrying a basket full of eggs, is with Ed’s MOM (60's). They ' re both exiting the coop -- there’s a dozen or so chickens moving about, and one of them is at their feet.
34) 3) dialog: Hey there pumpkin! Judy hands the egg basket to her grandmother, and races toward them.
34) 6) text: Fudgesicles! Her little eyes go wide with great pride, as -- JUDY (cont'd) I ate the whole box! Ed’s mom approaches, all smiles --
34) 8) dialog: Hi mom. gives her a kiss on the cheek, then looks to Lorraine, hal laughing. Passes Judy over to her, who gives her a ig hug.
35) 0) text: Ed reaches for a phone hanging on the kitchen wall. As he dials a number, he smiles when he sees a photo of Judy on the counter next to him. It’s framed in Fudgesicle sticks, and made to look like a church with a cross. Scribbled along the bottom is, “I love you, daddy”.
36) 2) dialog: The house was empty --
36) 4) dialog: You bet. (beat) Was your father any better today?
37) 0) text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the edge of the bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy's hair.
38) 0) text: Dark rain clouds threaten. The leaves in the trees have begun to turn color. The garden off to the side is now void of any growth -- the ground bare. The Scarecrow looks dead itself; it’s stringy hair drawn across its face by a small breeze. Andrea, wearing a warm sweater, is kneeling before a small grave at the base of a tree. There’s a wooden cross with the name SADIE written on it. She’s pulling several weeds away. Cindy ¢ s helping Carolyn take down some sheets from a clothing line as they ripple in the wind. Roger's Rig is parked next to the barn.
39) 0) text: Carolyn comes in with the girls. Roger’s on the phone. He looks tired. Strained. As they cross --
39) 3) text: What’s the route? (CONTINUED)
39) 6) text: Fucking Florida. Two week turn arounds. I start tomorrow. She's shocked that he just cussed in front of the kids.
40) 0) text: Andrea is in bed, sound asleep. Pouring rain pelts against her window -- her eyes snap open. She finds herself facing the grey cat back on her bed -- its ears drawn back, HISSING through exposed fangs -- ready for a ft Bt oh it’s eyes slowly tracking something moving just ehind her. andrea’s peripheral vision suddenly picks up the OUTLINES OF TWO HANDS with only THREE FINGERS ON EACH pressing out from within her pillow case, folding her pillow up on the sides, closing in on her face -- The cat HISSES, then leaps to the floor.
41) 0) text: Carolyn and Roger are rattled from a dead sleep by Andrea's blood curdling scream -- both scramble out of the covers to get to her.
42) 0) text: Roger's asleep on one of two sofas that face each other in’ front of the fireplace, that’s glowing red from embers. There’s a coffee table between the sofas with a half empty bottle of scotch. A nearby TV is fuzzy white, that is, until -- -- something dark, ominous, crosses in front of it. Roger awakens. Sits up. Rubs his groggy eyes, then rises. Goes to the TV. Just as he turns off the TV, he hears the LOW CREAKING SOUND OF A DOOR opening. He heads to the hallway to investigate. As he passes a Grandfather clock, the time reads: 5:15. 31.
44) 0) text: Roger is pulling out in his big rig. Carolyn is standing outside the house, wrapped in a sweater. She looks soul weary as she watches him drive off.
45) 0) text: Two steps into the hallway, ¢ Cindy pauses momentarily -- reacting to some sort of foul smel She then moves forward, and as she’s about to step into her mom’s room - she stops mid-stride -- her face goes taut -- -- standing next to the bed is AN APPARITION of a woman; dark matted hair, white white skin -- her body awkwardly hunched forward over Carolyn and Andrea, who are sleeping, completely unaware of her presence. The Apparition slowly cranes her head toward Cindy. Stares at her with pupil-less, snow-white eyes. She suddenl. oar es toward Cindy ii ghtning fast, passing right throu her body, and vanishes. Off Cindy’s scream --
46) 0) text: Simple white structure with a steeple. FATHER THORNTON; late 20's, is getting ready to take down letters from a small, glass encased marquee posted into the ground that says: A CHURCH IS A GIFT FROM GOD...ASSEMBLY REQUIRED. CAROLYN O.C. Excuse me, Father Thorton? He looks over to see Carolyn approaching --
47) 0) text: Father Thorton_and Carolyn share a table under the shade of a large willow. (CONTINUED)
47) 6) dialog: .--Hello?
48) 0) text: Lorraine is seated at an outdoor table and has a cup of coffee in hand. Ed sits opposite her. Judy is in the background, feeding the chickens in the coup.
48) 2) dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t think it was that big of a deal. Sounds like this family really needs some help. Lorraine lets her eyes drift to Judy --
48) 4) dialog: C'mon, what's going on? Lorraine pauses, then --
48) 8) dialog: Tell you what, let’s check this one out, then take a break -- see how you feel after that -- okay?
48) 11) dialog: I guess we’re in the right place. The two of them head up the walkway. Just as they round a slight turn --
48) 19) dialog: Yeah, no problem. The girls join her at the door -- their expressions somber. Soul weary.
49) 0) text: Lorraine and Ed stand with Carolyn and the girls. We catch them mid-conversation:
49) 2) dialog: ..-And these apparitions, do any of them have a smell? (CONTINUED)
49) 7) dialog: It usually indicates some kind of demonic activity. An elevated wave of fear washes over Carolyn and the girls.
49) 9) dialog: Comes in threes -- bang bang bang? She nods -- ED (cont’d) It’s an insult to the trinity; father, son & Holy Spirit -- and I bet it stops at dawn. Another nod -- ED (cont’d) God's light.
49) 18) dialog: Why?
51) 0) text: Ed lags behind as Lorraine follows Carolyn and the girls into the living room. She takes a moment, looking it over.
51) 1) dialog: When did you move in?
52) 0) text: As Carolyn, Andrea and Cindy lead Ed and Lorraine up the stairs --
53) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine continue to follow the girls toward the master bedroom. The walls are empty except for several protruding nails from each.
53) 4) dialog: He’s not being shown anything on purpose. Off her look -- ED (cont'd) It_creates friction in the relationship, a negative energy for whatever’s here to feed on.
55) 0) text: Ed sits with Carolyn at the kitchen table with his tape recorder between them.
55) 1) dialog: I just want you to start from the beginning. Carolyn nods. Ed hits the PLAY and RECORD buttons at the same time. ED (cont'd) My name’s Ed Warren. It’s November lst, 1972. I’m sitting here with Carolyn Perron who, with her family, has been experiencing supernatural occurrences -- He looks to Carolyn. ED (cont’d) Okay, go ahead --
57) 0) text: Cindy, wrapped in a towel, walks out of the upstairs bathroom. She stops dead in her tracks, staring at the floor, where -- -- backlit by the moon, a tree lays shadows on it through a window at the far end. But it’s not the tree branches that disturbs her, it’s that -- -- SOMETHING IS SITTING on the branches with crooked arms, taloned claws, and legs sprouted grotesquely from a bulky torso -- She forces herself to look out the window -- but nothing’s there.
58) 0) text: Lorraine walks into the kitchen, where Ed is still interviewing Carolyn. He pauses the tape, looks to her --
58) 1) text: I’m going to go outside. He nods. (CONTINUED)
58) 4) dialog: Almost done.
59) 0) text: Lorraine exits the house. She pauses on the landing for a moment, looking around -- sees the Scarecrow now standing in the empty garden, worn, weathered -- looking like someone crucified with its arms out. Her eyes move to the barn, shadowed in the dark like some ill-boding beast. We can see that she’s drawn to it. She steps off the porch. Halfway across the yard, she stops x. as if she senses something -- like she’s being watchea. She shifts her gaze just beyond the barn, where a restless breeze has the entire landscape in motion. She lets it go, continues on to the barn.
60) 0) text: Lorraine’s about to open the door when she sees -- -- two dead pigeons on the ground, necks broken. She opens the barn door and looks in. She sees sabers of moonlight pierce in through gaps in the tired, dilapidated wood siding, then -- -- Lorraine’s immediately hit with ANOTHER HARD HITTING image of Judson on the ground, his bloody face smashed in. Resume —-
61) 0) text: Lorraine steps into the barn and continues several feet in. She stops -- takes in her environment. An old CHEVY PICKUP is parked toward the back next to an elongated work bench. Six abandoned horse stalls are tucked along one side. There’s a ladder that leads up to a loft. As Lorraine turns to leave -- KA-THUMP!
62) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine are sitting at the kitchen table. Carolyn refills coffee cups. Lorraine’s looking at the melted monkeys on the table before her.
62) 3) dialog: When these things invade a home, it’s quite possible that somethin has invited them here, or conjure them up somehow.
62) 5) dialog: People dabble, think it’s kind of fun. Play with a Ouija board, invoke things up in a Seance -- and then can’t get rid of them. zt happens more often than you now.
62) 9) dialog: This house obviously has to be exorcised, but to do that, we need the church to authorize a’ Priest to perform one.
62) 11) dialog: It’s not that easy. We have to provide proof that what you’re claiming is in fact happening, but that can be the hard part.
62) 15) dialog: We don’t have the church. Carolyn deflates.
63) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine stand at the front door, ready to Carolyn’s with them. Ed, who’s holding the clock the kitchen, looks at her —— straightforward.
63) 1) dialog: What’s your faith?
63) 3) dialog: Have your children been Baptized? leave. from (CONTINUED)
63) 7) dialog: You may want to rethink that. Without faith, you have no protection. Carolyn’s not quite sure where Ed is going with this -- ED (cont'd -- Our presence here Soula make things worse.
63) 9) dialog: Because we're a threat -- and whatever you’re dealing with here, isn’t going to like it. Carolyn floods with emotion. It’s all too much. Lorraine pulls her into an embrace.
63) 11) dialog: We’ll talk to the Historian in the morning and see what we can find out, but it’ll be a few days before we can get back here. We have to make sure our tech guy is available and we also need to get someone to film everything for us. Lorraine’s attention is drawn to Cindy and Andrea, looking down at them from the top of the stairs with scared, worried faces.
64) 0) text: Ed pulls up to the entrance of the Harrisville Motel -- single story, maybe thirty rooms.
65) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting on the edge of a queen-size bed, the cradle of a dial phone to her ear, listening. She makes eye contact with Ed, who enters from outside, carrying a small suitcase and the cardboard box with the tape recorder and kitchen clock inside.
65) 2) text: Hi pumpkin, what’cha doing up so late? While he listens -- ED (cont’d) Oh, Tennessee Tuxedo was on?
65) 4) dialog: You seem kinda quiet, you okay?
65) 6) dialog: I know. We'll get it fixed.
66) 0) text: Lorraine exits the bathroom, donning a robe. She’s towel drying her hair. (CONTINUED)
66) 4) dialog: Carolyn’s voice didn’t record. Listen. He hits play -- WE HEAR: ED (V.O. ) (cont! d) My name’s Ed Warren. It November Ist, 1972. I’m sitting here with Carolyn Perron who, with her family, has been experiencing supernatural occurrences -- okay, go ahead. A long silence follows -- ED (V.O. (cont'd) And what happened after that? Another long silence. Ed clicks it off, looks to Lorraine -- not sure what to make of it.
67) 0) text: Cindy is heading up the staircase with a glass of milk in hand when water slowly cascades down from the stairs above her and slowly caresses her feet before moving on down to the next stair. She looks up -- -- eyes go wide. Standing on a stair, several up from her, is a YOUNG BOY (12), soaking wet, dressed in vintage clothing. His skin is stark white and rotting in places, and he as a non-stop flow of water dribbling out mouth. Cindy drops the glass -- it shatters. She screams. A second later, a very concerned Carolyn shows up at the top of the stairs. Cindy can barely get the words out --
68) 0) text: A night light flowing out from the open bathroom door casts a light glow over Ed and Lorraine, who are sound asleep in the bed. O.C. A SOFT CLICK -- then WE HEAR the tape recorder kicking on by itself.
68) 1) dialog: My name’s Ed Warren. It’s November first, 1972. The sound of Ed’s voice is LOUD, snapping Ed and Lorraine out of their sleep, unbelieving. Both sets of eyes target the tape recorder sitting on a small table near the foot of their bed. ED (V.0O. I'm sitting here with Carolyn Perron who, with her family, has been experiencing supernatural occurrences -- okay, go ahead. Where as this part of the tape was blank earlier -- it’s now filled with an INDISCERNIBLE, HAUNTING WHISPER that sounds female -- it continues, until --
68) 2) dialog: What happened after that? The tape recorder then suddenly SHUTS OFF --
69) 0) text: Small town. Stores and businesses line both sides of the street. Light traffic. Ed and Lorraine are driving through. They pass the Catholic church. The marquee in front reads: LET GOD GIVE YOU A GREAT DAY. Ed continues for another block, then pulls over, coming to a_stop in front of MATHEWS DRY GOODS store. It’s simple, with two large windows, separated by an entrance. A second story sits above it.
70) 0) text: S.0. of a bell that rings when Ed and Lorraine enter the store. Inside is filled with a potpourri of dry goods. SHANNON MATHEWS, a_woman in her late 30’s, and a teenage gird are behind’a long counter that stretches from the ront of the store to a set of steps leading upstairs in the back. A lava lamp sits next to a register. Shannon’s busy cutting a piece of fabric for a customer when she looks up.
70) 2) dialog: Thanks for seeing us. Shannon looks to the teenage girl next to her --
72) 0) text: Carolyn is getting ready for bed. There’s a flare in the window from headlights coming down the driveway. She moves to the window and looks out -- -- it’s Roger returning in the rig.
73) 0) text: Roger looks clearly irritated as he reaches for a bottle of scotch in a cabinet. Carolyn is leaning against the counter, arms folded, trying to stay strong.
74) 0) text: Ed enters, looking half asleep. Goes to the coffee pot -- LORRAINE O.C. You’re gonna have to make some more. Ed looks to an alcove off the kitchen, spotting Lorraine, who has all the info they got from the Historian spread out on_a small desk. She’s holding a hand written journal.
74) 1) dialog: How long have you been up?
74) 6) dialog: We know that name -- She pauses --
74) 10) dialog: This is the woman you saw? She nods, then --
74) 12) dialog: That explains a few things. (CONTINUED)
74) 16) dialog: Wow --
74) 18) dialog: (sotto) ..-People who took her land.
75) 0) text: Ariel pov - of the Warren's Plymouth as it slaloms its way along a country road illuminated by a brilliant sunset. It turns off onto the Perron’s driveway. Parks by the house.
76) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine get out of their car with BRUCE LEVY (30). Clean cut, wears khakis. Gym built muscles gives his shirt a tight fit. They move around the back of their car. Ed opens the trunk. Inside are four large bags of groceries, a cardboard box, which now holds Ed’s tape recorder, the Perron’s clock, a bible, a camera case, some note pads, and dozens of film canisters. Bruce takes a beat, looking around.
76) 10) dialog: Easy on him, Jerome. C’mon, let’s get unloaded.
77) 0) text: A troubled looking Carolyn has the door open as Jerome, Ed and Bruce pile in, each loaded with monitors, VCRs, gauges, and various pieces of camera equipment, etc. Lorraine follows, carrying a box. Cindy and Andrea are looking down from the landing upstairs.
77) 1) dialog: We'd like to do the main set up in the living room if that’s okay?
77) 3) dialog: This is Jerome, and Officer Levy.
77) 6) dialog: I hope we can help you out here.
80) 0) text: Ed comes out of the house carrying a tripod and a 35mm camera. Heads for the barn. Bruce exits a few beats behind him, un-spooling cable.
80) 3) dialog: Two-eighty-three small block?
80) 4) text: (impressed) You know trucks. Roger finishes jacking up the truck. He flips the “safety” lever into the lock position on the jack.
80) 5) dialog: My dad had a side-step with the big back window. Every Saturday, we were working on her. (beat) What're you doing?
80) 7) dialog: Well -- don’t mind us, we’ll only be a few minutes. (CONTINUED)
80) 11) dialog: Did Jerome give you the EFD?
80) 14) dialog: Well yeah -- that’s the point. Roger, quietly amused, focuses back on the truck. Notices oil dripping from the drain pain. Rolls onto his back and scoots underneath to investigate.
80) 16) dialog: This is where the witch committed suicide. Hung herself from the rafter right above us. As Bruce looks up -- ED (cont’d) Apparitions will at times manifest near their points of death. At that very moment -- WHAM! THE PICKUP SUDDENLY DROPS back down to the floor, emanating a harsh, crunching sound. (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: Jerome is munching from a bag of potato chips while sorting through a spaghetti pile of cables that run from SEVEN different VCR’s to SEVEN separate MONITORS, each labeled accordingly; basement, upstairs hallway, downstairs hallway, master, living room, barn, and the girl's bedroom. Cindy is standing next to Jerome, looks somewhat smitten. Jerome cuts off a slice of tape with_a PAIR OF SCISSORS and secures it around one of the cables, holding several loops in place.
82) 26) dialog: (whispering) What're you doing?
82) 28) dialog: Getting a little close aren’t we?
82) 32) dialog: You know exactly what I’m talking about.
82) 34) dialog: Yeah, but we had a little incident out there -- Off her look --
83) 0) text: Ed enters, carrying an ornate, hand-carved wooden case. He glances to Jerome, who is busy tinkering with a contrast adjustment on a monitor. The other monitors all reveal different parts of the house.
83) 1) dialog: You gettin' there?
83) 3) dialog: Find the oil leak?
83) 5) dialog: We want to stir things up. Ed takes one of the crosses and sets it up on the mantle above the fireplace. (CONTINUED)
83) 9) dialog: Yeah, exactly, but I don’t believe in vampires. Roger’s amused, then leaves the room. Ed moves over to the coffee table where he sets another cross, then -- JEROME O.C. ...Ed. The tone in Jerome's voice turns Ed immediately.
84) 0) text: Bruce follows Ed and Lorraine down the steep set of steps -- camera is rolling. They get to the bottom. Ed takes a moment, looking around the basement -- glances to an EFD he’s holding in his hand -- the needle is bouncing just between the 1 and the 2.
84) 1) dialog: Something’s definitely here. Ed moves into the basement. (CONTINUED)
85) 0) text: Carolyn, Roger and Jerome stand at the doorway as Bruce, Lorrasne and Ed file out of the basement. Ed looks to Carolyn, reading her disappointment.
85) 1) dialog: Like I said, it doesn’t always happen when’ we want it to. As Ed turns to close the basement door -- WHAM! It SLAMS SHUT with a BANG right in his face -- Carolyn. sh instantly pivots. Bruce looks the most shocke Caro) ynis shoots Roger a look, who’s not sure what to ma out o
87) 0) text: Lorraine is seated next to Carolyn in front of the monitors, who's watching Andrea and Cindy curled asleep on Cindy's bed.
87) 6) dialog: Alright -- let’s call it.
88) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine drive up and park next to the house. The Perron’s station wagon is gone. They get out. Lorraine heads to the house.” Ed heads to the barn.
91) 0) text: Roger drives up to the house, has the girls with him. His headlights drag over the Warren’s parked car. He pulls to a stop. As he and the kids get out, he notices the barn door is open. Light on. He héads for it as the girls continue to the house.
91) 3) dialog: Got anymore more grease?
91) 5) dialog: Thanks. Roger grabs a nearby wooden crate. Takes a seat on it. Watches Ed work.
91) 7) dialog: That was the plan -- but when I get, to my Ordination, I started avin my doubts, and realized I wasn’t going to be good enough, I don’t have the strength they need. So I gave it up. Roger takes a beat.
91) 11) dialog: Remember as a kid being afraid to hang your hand off the edge of your bed because you thought something underneath was going to grab it? Roger nods somewhat skeptically. ED (cont’d) Well... mine got grabbed. As Ed throws more grease on the bearings -- ED (cont’d) Something yanked me to the floor. It was too dark to see under the bed, but I ran my ass out of that room as fast as I could. My dad didn’t believe me, so he dragged me back in there and told me I had to face my fears. I buried myself under the covers, scared to death cause I could still hear it under my bed. Then I remembered what a nun had told me in catechism, “God will be there for all who need. He is your protector.” So I rabbed my Davy Crockett knife rom my ni Yghtsvand and got off the bed and told whatever was under there that God was going to kick its ass if it didn’t leave. I just kept saying it over and over - = and it finally went away. Never came back. Ed looks back to Roger -- ED (cont'd) It was the best thing my dad ever did for me. I put my faith in God every day after that, and have been checking under beds ever since. Ed finishes packing the bearings. Caps it. O.C. They hear the crunch of gravel under car tires. Roger looks out the barn to see Jerome and Bruce pulling up in Jerome’s van.
92) 0) text: Bruce enters, carrying a_ coffee mug. Yawns. A CLOCK ON THE COUNTER reads: 0 AM He sets the mug on the counter next to a coffee p pot, pours himself another cup Goes to_the fridge, and takes out a milk carton from the top shelf, closes the door. (CONTINUED)
93) 0) text: Bruce enters. Looks to Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger, who are seated on the sofas -- his demeanor, as well as the look on his face, drawing their attention -- Jerome looks over from the monitors.
94) 0) text: Bruce follows Lorraine, Ed and Jerome into the kitchen. Looks to the fridge -- no milk is dripping. In fact, there’s not even any milk on the floor. Bruce whips a glance to the counter, and there sitting next to Bruce’s coffee mug, is the carton of milk, right where he set it the first time.
95) 0) text: CU on the EFD METER on the camera tripod in the hallway. The needle begins to bounce past 1.7 Megahertz -- then SLAMS to the outer edge of the range to 10. The camera begins to FLASH repeatedly, the CLICK CLICK CLICK sound of the motor drive blending with the popping of the FLASH.
97) 0) text: -- Another FLASH popping from the camera set up in the hall. Ed and Jerome, who have stopped at the bottom of the stairs, have their eyes glued on it as well. -- A second later, the CAMERA positioned at the top of the stairs starts flashing. + ED . It’s moving upstairs. Ed moves quickly into the -- 74.
98) 0) text: -- where he joins Carolyn and Roger, who have their eyes glued the MONITOR as the camera keeps strobing throug the dark hallway. Lorraine, Bruce and Jerome come up right behind him --
99) 0) text: Ed is heading up as the camera at the top, pops off another FLASH. A second later -- -- the CAMERA in the downstairs hallway FLASHES, drawing Ed’s attention back down the stairs. (CONTINUED)
99) 3) dialog: Whatever it is, it came back down.
100) 0) text: Roger is holding Andrea in his arms, sitting on the edge of the bed, while Carolyn is latched onto Cindy, cuddled on the other side. He looks to her --
100) 7) dialog: They said that bolting noise definitely came from in here?
100) 9) dialog: Is_ there anything behind this wall? Ed knuckle taps the panel -- (CONTINUED)
100) 13) dialog: Do you mind if we take a look?
100) 17) dialog: Can someone get me a flashlight --
102) 0) text: Lorraine slowly stands, her flashlight quartering the darkness. Cobwebs everywhere reflect off the light. It falls upon a makeshift bed with an old, dust covered blanket, which has SLINKY TOY sitting on it. Lorraine picks it up -- sees a wooden box next to the bed with other toys in it. She lets her light wander, discovering that every wall is completely covered with THE SAME PHRASE scrawled in crayon, over and over. She moves closer. Sees what it says; ‘M SORRY MOMMY. I’M SORRY MOMMY. I’M SORRY sok. I'M SORRY MOMMY...
102) 1) text: Lorraine stops -- senses something. She slowly moves the light off the wall and angles it to her forearm -- IT’S COVERED IN GOOSEBUMPS. And for a second, her heart skips a beat -- there’s something else she sees —- -- the light cascading past her forearm down to the floor illuminates BATHSHEBA’S DIRTY, CRUSTED BARE FEET, straddling her own -- from behind. Before Lorraine can turn around -- -- she is aggressively shoved into the wall. The movement jars the flashlight and slinky from her grasp and drops to the floor.
102) 3) text: Ed reacts the noise and immediately heads into the crawl space. (CONTINUED)
103) 0) text: Lorraine is reaching for the flashlight on the floor just as Ed crawls in.
103) 3) text: As Ed and Lorraine come out, Ed looks to Jerome, direct -
103) 4) dialog: Grab the cameras -- I want to see what we got.
104) 0) text: Ed and Jerome’s movements are fast and precise as they are busy converting the bathroom into a small darkroom; a photo enlarger is on the counter with three solution trays lined up next to it. A small rope has been strung up along a shower rod. As Jerome pours developer into one of the trays, Ed finishes screwing in a light bulb and flips the wall switch, washing the room deep in crimson.
105) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep. Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an open window next to her. (CONTINUED)
106) 0) text: Lorraine moves toward the flopping movement, which seems to be slowing with each step she takes. As she gets to it, the flopping stops. Sees it’s an enormous barn owl -- neck broken, eyes wide open. Dead. A compassionate look sweeps over Lorraine’s face, until she hears -- -- A DISTANT BLEND OF VOICES; pained, fearful, full of anxiety. She follows them to the back of the barn, where through a thick wall of trees and shrubs, she can barely make out an old, beaten pathway that threads through. She heads in.
107) 0) text: The VOICES begin to grow in volume as Lorraine walks deeper into the growth fighting her way through overgrown branches, following what’s left of the pathway. She comes out into a small clearing to see where the voices are coming from. Before her, surrounded by a crumbling stone wall and completely overgrown with weeds, is an OLD CEMETERY with maybe forty tombstones within; some broken, some toppled, some incredibly worn. The voices seem to be coming from somewhere on the other side. She moves into it. A wind begins to tumble pieces of foliage across the ground, then one tombstone catches her attention -- the name reads: Bathsheba Sherman. She moves up to it as the voices get louder and louder -- it’s almost deafening, then -- -- THE VOICES INSTANTLY STOP, and things fall into an awful silence. It becomes unnerving as Lorraine senses something, a presence -- very close. She scans the surrounding trees, but everything beyond is swallowed in the shadows of the night -- she keeps staring, knowing something is just beyond. After a moment —- (CONTINUED)
108) 0) text: As Lorraine dashes into the house and heads to the kitchen, Bruce looks at her from the living room, confused by her frenzy of motion.
109) 0) text: Lorraine comes running into the kitchen. She’s out of breath. Immediately goes to the phone on the wall. Quickly dials. Ed walks in, curious to what’s going on. He’s about to say something when she raises her hand to give her a secon
109) 4) dialog: Are you going to tell me what's going on?
109) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
109) 8) dialog: What the hell happened to you? Lorraine looks to him, troubled. Tears cascading --
109) 10) dialog: You've got to stop.
109) 12) dialog: This -- you know better. I warned you.
109) 14) dialog: C'mere... He pulls her into an embrace -- gentle, sympathetic. Whispers -- (CONTINUED)
109) 18) dialog: Yeah. (beat) You?
110) 0) text: CU on a pair of tongs holding onto a sheet of photo paper as it’s dipped in a tray of developer. As a photo begins to emerge of the stairway -- Widen -- to see Ed holding the tongs. Jerome’s busy taking . an already developed photo out of the wash tray, and clipping it onto a small rope tied to the shower rod. Both are focused. Something in Ed’s picture draws his attention in for a closer look -- -- A FIGURE begins to materialize on the staircase.
111) 0) text: Ed hurries in. Sees that Andrea is asleep, curled up on the sofa next to Roger, who is stroking her hair. Lorraine is seated close by. Bruce has crashed in the chair by the monitors. Lorraine and Roger look to Ed --
111) 1) dialog: (whispering) You’ve got to see this.
112) 0) text: Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger are standing at the table, looking at a photograph -- Jerome stands aside, holding two more photos in his hand.
113) 0) text: CU on the mantle where the cross Ed set up, topples with a soft “clink”. (CONTINUED)
113) 8) dialog: You okay?
113) 10) dialog: Did you get any of it? Bruce nods.
114) 0) text: Ed and Roger approach the back of the Perron’s station wagon, each carrying two small suitcases. The first rays of morning light pierce the horizon.
114) 1) dialog: We're going to get the footage developed and bring it over to the church right away -- this house needs to be exorcised as soon as possible. Roger opens the back of the car --
114) 3) dialog: Let’s not worry about that right now. We see the gratitude runs deep for Roger as he places the suitcases inside. (CONTINUED)
114) 7) dialog: It should only take a couple of days. (beat) But listen to me -- Roger looks to him -- ED (cont'd) -- Under no circumstances does anyone come back here until we say so.
118) 0) text: High camera angle - drops down onto the Warren’s Plymouth as they drive across Bunker Hill Bridge and into downtown Boston. (CONTINUED)
119) 0) text: Ed parks in front of a very large, impressive stone structure with peaked roofs and stained glass. As Ed and Lorraine get out of the car, THEY HEAR the soft, angelic ginging voice of a young boy emanating from the open front doors of the church. They head up the stone steps to the open doors. The singing continues.
120) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine enter. They are dwarfed by its massive size. The center aisle splits through numerous rows of pews. Up front, a choir director stands off to the side during a rehearsal, as a young g boy. sings his heart out An all boys choir stand sitent behind them. Ed dips his fingertips into a bowl sculpted from marble, full of Holy water. Says a silent prayer, then crosses himself. Lorraine follows suit. The two of them are approached by Father Jordon. Greets them with a warm smile.
121) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine exit their car. Judy comes out the front door and Lorraine runs to her, swooping her up in her arms. Ed's mom is in the background.
122) 0) text: Lunch crowd. Don McLean's “American Pie” plays in the b.g. as Cindy and Andrea are sitting on bar stools at a linoleum counter, picking through lunch. Out of ear shot, and seated at_a booth opposite the counter, is Roger. He’s with Ed and Lorraine, and looks stressed out.
122) 2) dialog: We don’t know why it’s taking so long. Father Jordon says that the Vatican keeps telling him to be patient, but I’m driving to New York tomorrow to see if Father Langston can find out what's going on. He’s a high level Cardinal we've worked with before -- and knows the Archbishop pretty well.
122) 9) dialog: Father Langston called the Vatican directly and they told him it had been presented by the Archbishop, but there’s some issues.
122) 11) dialog: He didn’t know, they wouldn’t elaborate.
123) 2) dialog: I don’t know -- I’m going to hit the road, it’s going to be midnight before I get home as it is.
123) 4) dialog: Love you, too.
133) 0) text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the edge of a four posted, chiffon-canopied bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy’ s hair. She has calmed down significantly.
134) 0) text: Lorraine, now wearing pajamas, finishes washing her face, then exits, turning the light off. INT. MASTER BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS She walks over to the bed where Judy is sound aslee Crawls under the covers. As she reaches to turn oft the light -- her blood pressure races north -- the SLINKY she threw away is right there. The four posts on her bed begin CREAKING -- she slowly looks up -- -- stretched out upon the canopy, is Bathsheba Sherman -- the contours of her eyes, face and body clearly outlined as she descends closer and closer -- the force of which causing each of the bed posts to strain, bending inward like they're made of rubber. Lorraine remains paralyzed, unable to move... chilled by the ominous reality of this unholy spirit. Lorraine digs deep and finds some inner strength to get herself moving -~ scoops Judy up. Dashes out through the bedroom doorway just as the door whips closed right behind her.
135) 0) text: As he sets the thermos down on the passenger seat, his heart skips a beat -- -- The PICTURE OF JUDY dangling from the mirror has changed. (CONTINUED)
137) 0) text: The door swings open. Ed swiftly enters.
137) 5) dialog: What happened? She doesn’t say anything, almost as if she can’t, then --
138) 0) text: Ed moves into the kitchen -- full of anger. lLorraine’s behind him.
138) 1) dialog: I don’t believe this. Ed goes to an address book by the phone on the counter -- quickly thumbs through it. ED (cont’d) We're supposed to be safe here, and you opened the door for her.
138) 3) dialog: You knew the rules. Ed finds it incredulous. Sees the number he’s looking for and dials. Lorraine is near tears.
138) 9) dialog: Great. Be careful, Bruce -- do what I said, and say it with conviction.
139) 0) text: Jerome exits the van and races to the station wagon -- passing the teenagers, who are bloody and confused.
140) 0) text: Ed’s on the phone as he stands at the counter. Looks frustrated.
140) 1) dialog: I left a message a couple of hours ago for Father Jordon, is he back yet?
140) 3) dialog: There's got to be some way to get hold of him.
140) 5) dialog: When he comes in, tell him this is Ed Warren, and it’s imperative that he calls me as soon as possible. He has the number. Just as Ed hangs up the phone, IT RINGS. He finds it odd, but answers. L ED (cont’d) ..-Hello? As he listens, his face pales, his head lowers into one hand; grieving. (CONTINUED)
140) 9) dialog: That was Bruce. Jerome’s dead. Lorraine couldn’t have heard that right.
140) 11) dialog: Car accident, early this morning. Lorraine’s eyes well -- Ed gets enraged. Slams his fist hard onto the counter. ED (cont’d) Enough! A wave of determination sweeps over him. 4 ED (cont’d) I’m driving to the church and getting this exorcism done today. She moves over to him as he’s grabbing his keys.
140) 13) dialog: No -- you’re not. The lack of faith in his voice stings her hard. He walks out of the kitchen.
141) 0) text: Ed’s sitting in the driver's seat. Just as he starts the car, the back passenger door opens. (CONTINUED)
141) 3) dialog: What're you doing?
141) 5) dialog: You can’t, you’re too involved.
142) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine walk right into Father Jordon’s office, who's in the middle of speaking with the ARCHBISHOP, FATHER O'MALLEY; distinguished looking - late sixties. Both are caught off guard by the intrusion.
142) 1) dialog: I want to know what the hell’s going on -- we can’t wait anymore.
142) 3) dialog: We've been on the road.
142) 5) dialog: I don’t want to sit down. I want an exorcism performed. Today. What’s the problem here? Father O’Malley takes a beat -- what he’s about to say doesn’t look easy. FATHER O’MALLEY The church is refusing to grant one. Ed looks like he’s been sucker punched.
142) 11) dialog: Tell the Vatican no one gives a shit. This needs to be stopped! Now!
142) 13) dialog: So you're going to do nothing?
143) 0) text: A bitter Ed and Lorraine walk out of the church with Father Jordon.
143) 1) dialog: We're just going to have to find someone else.
143) 3) dialog: I don’t believe this. Father Jordon reaches out to Ed and Lorrain -- stops them. As their eyes meet -- there’s an intensity to his gaze.
143) 5) dialog: That doesn’t make us qualified.
143) 7) dialog: We've seen it go horribly wrong, even with a Priest. (CONTINUED)
144) 0) text: Cindy and Andrea approach their hotel room. Just as Cindy reaches for the doorknob, the door swings open, revealing Garglyn standing right before them. Her dirty hair is pulled back and is wearing a jong grey dress -- she’ § even more gaunt and unkempt than the last time we saw er. She steps out, closing the door behind her.
146) 0) text: Ed holds a phone to his ear. Lorrain is in the Plymouth, parked outside the booth.
147) 1) dialog: Hello...? Hello? Roger finally answers --
149) 0) text: gindy and Andrea walk up to the front door with caution in their steps. A chill chews on their spines -- -- the cellar door at the end of the hallway is wide open -- the deep scratches an eerie reminder of why they've kept it closed. The chair and wedge have been pushed aside.
150) 0) text: She heads down. Stops halfway -- (CONTINUED)
151) 0) text: Cindy WHIPS THE DOOR CLOSED! The second she slams the chair back into place -- A LOUD, VIOLENT BANGING ON THE DOOR reverberates right before her. The gizis recoil from the impact, visibly trembling -- how did their mom get there so fast. Either way, they’re getting the hell out of there. Two steps into their departure -- -- THE CELLAR DOOR flies off hinges -- the chair goes flying. Standing in the doorwa half in and out of the darkness, is Carolyn; her breat "is elevated, almost hissing on each ex ale as she grips the knitting needles tight in one hand. Both the girls spin on their heels. Race for the front door, which SLAMS SHUT right before them. The girls scream. Cindy struggles with the door, but it won’t udge.
152) 0) text: Roger slides the truck to a skidding stop. Jumps out. (CONTINUED)
154) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine see Roger’s truck with its door ope n -- engine still running. “Its headlights are on, lighting the house like center stage. The cars skid to a stop. Just as they all get out - -- A GUNSHOT ECHOES OUT IN THE NIGHT as a muzzle flash pops from a bedroom window upstairs.
156) 0) text: As they come off the top of the stairs -- CINDY O.C. (pleading) ... please, let her go! Ed races down the hallway to the master bedroom. Door’s closed. Lorraine and Bruce are right behind. (CONTINUED)
156) 4) dialog: Roger -- no. He snaps -—-
156) 6) dialog: It’s not her doing this! Andrea struggles... barely able to breath. Ed moves closer to Roger, who’s barely holding it together.
156) 10) dialog: Pulling that trigger is exactly what this witch wants you to do -- it’s another sacrifice. Bruce moves into the room, closes in on Roger --
156) 16) dialog: Don’t give her what she wants. Roger yields.
156) 19) dialog: My Lord, you are all powerful, you are God, you are our Father -- Carolyn instantly arches her back, folding her body into an upside down “U”. d gets close, reaching out, placing his finger on carolyn’ s forehead, making the sign of the cross -— ED (cont’d) Ecce crucem donine, fugite partes adversa! Behind it all, we hear Lorraine saying the Lord’s prayer. The pictures fly off the dresser at sonic speed and disintegrate into the opposing wall. Glass shatters. (CONTINUED)
156) 22) text: Fight it, Carolyn! Don’t let her ake you! The dresser slides agross the floor, ripping DEEP SCRATCHES in the wood. £ just misses Lorraine by a fraction as it plows ri it y her, bounces off the bed frame and embeds into the drywall. Lorraine looks to Cindy -- LORRAINE (cont'd) Help us!
156) 23) dialog: Keep her away --
156) 28) dialog: Nos eriperes de potestate diaboli. Ab omni hoste visibili et invisibili et ubique in hoc saeculo liberetur. The bed flips up against the wall, windows blast open, the lights surge with power. Carolyn gives one last burst of energy; muscles twitch and veins rise from under her skin, but everyone holds her down tight -- then, like someone pulled the plug, Carolyn stops moving, becomes limp, almost catatonic. Her arms fall off of Andrea, who rolls to the floor in a dead heap. Everything falls still -- not a sound. It’s over. Roger immediately begins to give his daughter mouth to mouth -- everyone watches on. Crying, praying, hoping... A cough draws their attention -- it’s Carolyn, who is attempting to get her bearings... when she finally does, she’s overwhelmed when she sees her daughter not moving, then - -- a small cough erupts from Andrea, who then takes a deep breath. Tears flood from her father and sister. Carolyn crawls over to them, stares at Andrea eye to_eye; both emotional wrecks. Pulis her into an embrace. Roger and Cindy join in. Lorraine takes a beat watching the Perron’s reunited, then looks to Ed. Goes over to him. Their eyes meet -- she smiles. (CONTINUED)
156) 32) dialog: Still feel like quitting? A slow smile grows on her lips --
157) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine pull up in their driveway. Judy and her Grandmother come out the front door to greet them. Judy runs to the car. As Lorraine gives her a warm hug, Ed extracts a box from the back seat and hands it to her. She opens the top to see TWELVE BABY CHICKS INSIDE. Off her smile, we fade out. The end. Over black