34) 0) text: Ed_and Lorraine exit a door off the kitchen. Across a well lit yard is a large chicken coop with a henhouse inside, where their dau hter JUDY (7), carrying a basket full of eggs, is with Ed’s MOM (60's). They ' re both exiting the coop -- there’s a dozen or so chickens moving about, and one of them is at their feet.
34) 2) dialog: Daddy!!
34) 4) dialog: Hi mommy! Judy runs across the yard and leaps into Ed’s arms. Gives him a big hug. Lorraine sees that she’s got something dark smeared all over her face.
34) 6) text: Fudgesicles! Her little eyes go wide with great pride, as -- JUDY (cont'd) I ate the whole box! Ed’s mom approaches, all smiles --
35) 0) text: Ed reaches for a phone hanging on the kitchen wall. As he dials a number, he smiles when he sees a photo of Judy on the counter next to him. It’s framed in Fudgesicle sticks, and made to look like a church with a cross. Scribbled along the bottom is, “I love you, daddy”.
37) 0) text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the edge of the bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy's hair.
37) 1) dialog: Grandma really snores. Lorraine chuckles.
37) 5) dialog: I missed you too.
48) 0) text: Lorraine is seated at an outdoor table and has a cup of coffee in hand. Ed sits opposite her. Judy is in the background, feeding the chickens in the coup.
121) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine exit their car. Judy comes out the front door and Lorraine runs to her, swooping her up in her arms. Ed's mom is in the background.
125) 0) text: Judy comes down the stairs.
125) 1) dialog: Okay, mom. She continues to the front door. Opens it to see a UPS DELIVERY MAN standing before in a crisp brown uniform. Holds an over-sized manila envelope. JUDY (cont'd) Hi.
125) 3) dialog: Yep.
125) 5) dialog: Thanks! He leaves.
126) 0) text: Judy walks in -- Lorraine’s still on the phone.
126) 4) dialog: (whispers ) I’m gonna go get some eggs, ‘kay? Lorraine covers the mouthpiece. JUDY (cont'd) That’s fine, honey. Judy heads out the back door.
127) 0) text: Judy makes her way to the chicken coop. Calls out --
127) 1) dialog: Gertrude, Henrietta, Lolly...
127) 3) dialog: Gertrude, where are you? More silence. Judy unlatches the door. Swings it open. She steps in.
128) 0) text: As Judy's eyes slowly adjust to the minimal light, unbeknownst to her, the HENHOUSE DOOR slowly c oses behind her.
129) 0) text: Lorraine watches Judy out through the window.
131) 0) text: -=- Sees Judy on her knees, facing the opposite direction She turns to her mom, tears rolling down her cheeks. Has one of the chickens in her lap -- it’s not moving.
131) 1) dialog: Gertrude’s dead, mom. They all are. Lorraine looks past. her daughter -- dead chickens are everywhere -- all their necks broken at obscured angles. Lorraine sees the slinky in the basket next to her daughter. Dread begins to set in for Lorraine.
131) 3) dialog: It was on the ground.
132) 0) text: Lorraine walks Judy in. Dumps the slinky in the trash can.
133) 0) text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the edge of a four posted, chiffon-canopied bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy’ s hair. She has calmed down significantly.
133) 1) dialog: Did you call daddy and tell him?
133) 5) dialog: I’m sorry mommy, I’m sorry mommy. The words chill her to the bone. She gives Judy a slight nudge --
133) 7) dialog: I’m sorry mommy, I’m --
134) 0) text: Lorraine, now wearing pajamas, finishes washing her face, then exits, turning the light off. INT. MASTER BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS She walks over to the bed where Judy is sound aslee Crawls under the covers. As she reaches to turn oft the light -- her blood pressure races north -- the SLINKY she threw away is right there. The four posts on her bed begin CREAKING -- she slowly looks up -- -- stretched out upon the canopy, is Bathsheba Sherman -- the contours of her eyes, face and body clearly outlined as she descends closer and closer -- the force of which causing each of the bed posts to strain, bending inward like they're made of rubber. Lorraine remains paralyzed, unable to move... chilled by the ominous reality of this unholy spirit. Lorraine digs deep and finds some inner strength to get herself moving -~ scoops Judy up. Dashes out through the bedroom doorway just as the door whips closed right behind her.
135) 0) text: As he sets the thermos down on the passenger seat, his heart skips a beat -- -- The PICTURE OF JUDY dangling from the mirror has changed. (CONTINUED)
157) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine pull up in their driveway. Judy and her Grandmother come out the front door to greet them. Judy runs to the car. As Lorraine gives her a warm hug, Ed extracts a box from the back seat and hands it to her. She opens the top to see TWELVE BABY CHICKS INSIDE. Off her smile, we fade out. The end. Over black