15) 0) text: ED and LORRAINE WARREN (early thirties) are up on a stage standing behind a podium. An audience of three hundred captivated college students are seated before them as rough film footage rolls on a LARGE SCREEN of a oo ehotre looking man, rail thin, late 20’s, sitting in air. His eyes are black, matching his hair. His skin is pasty ite. A Catholic priest is next to him, reciting Latin from a bible in barely audible words.
15) 2) dialog: If you look at his eyes, you can see them tearing blood onto his shirt. Maurice’s white T-shirt slowly starts to get blotted with drips of blood; dark, crimson red. He suddenly SCREAMS OUT IN PAIN, his body writhing -- LORRAINE (cont'd) And upside down crosses started appearing on his body. We see Ed lifting up the side of Maurice’s shirt, exposing for the camera -- -- TWO UPSIDE DOWN CROSSES pushing OUT at his skin from the inside. Camera closes in. The audience can’t believe what they’re seeing.
15) 7) dialog: -- We investigate roughly a hundred or so cases a year.
15) 11) dialog: Many times. (beat) Does it scare you?
15) 13) dialog: Freaked is normal, do you feel threatened?
15) 15) dialog: (gentle) Come here for a sec -- (CONTINUED)
15) 19) dialog: And you were very close before she died. Ponytail is getting blown away --
15) 21) dialog: It’s her. Ponytail’s eyes well as she tries to contain her emotions. LORRAINE (cont'd) You need to let her know that you're okay so she can move on. She still worries about you.
15) 23) dialog: Next time you have that feeling, tell her. Lorraine lets go of her hands. As Ponytail sits back down, Ed nods to another male student in the front row. Wears a beanie.
16) 0) text: Jerome slides open the side door of a VW van. There’s a sticker on the window that reads, “When this van’s a rockin’, don’t bother knockin’”. He sets the projector next to’an array of other electronic equipment, then -- -- turns to Ed and Lorraine, who are about to get into a Plymouth parked right next to him.
30) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine move up a narrow staircase to a second story. Trailing behind them are RACHEL and DAVID, a slightly overweight couple in their late twenties. Neither wear stress wel
30) 2) dialog: And they’re different sounds?
30) 5) dialog: Why would he do that?
30) 9) dialog: No -- you can wait here. (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: Ed stands half in and out as he sweeps the interior with his light. The piace is full of old furniture, wooden trunks, boxes, clothing racks. He continues up the creaky steps into the attic. Lorraine follows him up.
31) 1) dialog: Funny how all attics smell the same -- Lorraine moves over to a broken dormer window where filtered moonlight pours in. It casts a blue hue across the room. She looks out -- -- unfolding across a street is a large cemetery full of tombstones —- hundreds and hundreds of them. A thick, wet fog drifts through. Ed’s light falls on a cobwebbed covered bookshelf loaded with dust. He moves to it to get a look at several URN- LIKE containers that have caught his attention. Lorraine joins him -- LORRAINE (cont'd) Forgotten relatives, maybe? Ed uses his finger to wipe clean an inscription written on the bottom of one --
31) 3) dialog: Not a thing.
32) 0) text: David and Rachel come up the stairs with Ed. Both look nervous to be up there. Lorraine’s standing over by the broken window. (CONTINUED)
32) 6) text: Do it again, Lorraine -- David and Rachel look to Lorraine -- huh? They watch as she steps on TWO, water-stained WOODEN FLOORBOARDS that run near an old heating radiator next to her -- producing the same sound. ED_ (cont’ dq) Right now, it’s Lorraine’s weight, but add the moisture coming in through this broken window at night -- the boards are going to expand and rub against each other. beat You've heard it in different parts of the house because of the radiator.
32) 8) dialog: No.
33) 0) text: Nice. Well kept. Ed and Lorraine pull up into the driveway. Get out of the car, and head to the front door.
34) 0) text: Ed_and Lorraine exit a door off the kitchen. Across a well lit yard is a large chicken coop with a henhouse inside, where their dau hter JUDY (7), carrying a basket full of eggs, is with Ed’s MOM (60's). They ' re both exiting the coop -- there’s a dozen or so chickens moving about, and one of them is at their feet.
34) 5) dialog: What’cha got on your face?
34) 9) dialog: I missed you!
37) 0) text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the edge of the bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy's hair.
37) 2) dialog: c'mon, let’s get you into bed. Lorraine stands and lifts the covers. Judy slides in under them. (CONTINUED)
37) 6) dialog: Sleep tight. Lorraine gives Judy a tender kiss good-night, then reaches over and turns off a light on a nightstand next to the bed.
48) 0) text: Lorraine is seated at an outdoor table and has a cup of coffee in hand. Ed sits opposite her. Judy is in the background, feeding the chickens in the coup.
48) 1) dialog: I just wish you had talked to me.
48) 3) dialog: We were in Maine last week, New York the week before -- Ed looks at her -- he knows her too well.
48) 5) dialog: I’m just not sure how much longer I want to do this. There’s always going to be another case, Ed. (CONTINUED)
48) 9) dialog: ...Sure. Ed rises.
48) 15) dialog: Um-hum.
48) 17) dialog: Carolyn?
49) 0) text: Lorraine and Ed stand with Carolyn and the girls. We catch them mid-conversation:
49) 10) dialog: Do you have a dog?
49) 12) dialog: A black lab?
49) 14) dialog: What happened to her?
50) 0) text: Lorraine heads down the stairs. As she steps off the bottom step -- she’s hit with a BOMBARDMENT OF FAST, HARD
50) 4) dialog: .--This is bad, Ed.
51) 0) text: Ed lags behind as Lorraine follows Carolyn and the girls into the living room. She takes a moment, looking it over.
51) 3) dialog: Do any of you knit? Carolyn shakes her head -- no.
52) 0) text: As Carolyn, Andrea and Cindy lead Ed and Lorraine up the stairs --
52) 7) dialog: All of them?
53) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine continue to follow the girls toward the master bedroom. The walls are empty except for several protruding nails from each.
53) 2) dialog: And Yous husband hasn’t seen any of this? Carolyn shakes her head.
54) 1) dialog: Where was the apparition? Lorraine and Ed enter, leaving Carolyn and the girls at the doorframe. (CONTINUED)
56) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting on the sofa with Andrea. She notices that she’s bitten her nails down to nothing --
56) 1) dialog: -- Anything else?
56) 3) dialog: Do you feel like any one of these things want to hurt you?
56) 7) dialog: I get Goose bumps.
56) 9) dialog: Maybe -- can you tell me what you've seen?
58) 0) text: Lorraine walks into the kitchen, where Ed is still interviewing Carolyn. He pauses the tape, looks to her --
59) 0) text: Lorraine exits the house. She pauses on the landing for a moment, looking around -- sees the Scarecrow now standing in the empty garden, worn, weathered -- looking like someone crucified with its arms out. Her eyes move to the barn, shadowed in the dark like some ill-boding beast. We can see that she’s drawn to it. She steps off the porch. Halfway across the yard, she stops x. as if she senses something -- like she’s being watchea. She shifts her gaze just beyond the barn, where a restless breeze has the entire landscape in motion. She lets it go, continues on to the barn.
60) 0) text: Lorraine’s about to open the door when she sees -- -- two dead pigeons on the ground, necks broken. She opens the barn door and looks in. She sees sabers of moonlight pierce in through gaps in the tired, dilapidated wood siding, then -- -- Lorraine’s immediately hit with ANOTHER HARD HITTING image of Judson on the ground, his bloody face smashed in. Resume —-
61) 0) text: Lorraine steps into the barn and continues several feet in. She stops -- takes in her environment. An old CHEVY PICKUP is parked toward the back next to an elongated work bench. Six abandoned horse stalls are tucked along one side. There’s a ladder that leads up to a loft. As Lorraine turns to leave -- KA-THUMP!
62) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine are sitting at the kitchen table. Carolyn refills coffee cups. Lorraine’s looking at the melted monkeys on the table before her.
62) 2) dialog: -.-I don’t know.
62) 4) dialog: I’ve asked the girls, but we need to know -- have either you or your husband ever practiced any kind of Satanic worship -- anything of the occult? Carolyn’s appalled at the notion. LORRAINE (cont'd) My God, no.
62) 6) dialog: With what I saw in the basement, this house was some sort of satanic shrine at some point. beat) Do you know the history of this farm? (CONTINUED)
62) 13) dialog: Because it doesn’t always happen when we need it to.
63) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine stand at the front door, ready to Carolyn’s with them. Ed, who’s holding the clock the kitchen, looks at her —— straightforward.
63) 10) dialog: This is your house -- and Ed and I are going to do everything we can to keep it that way. No one likes uninvited guests. Okay? Carolyn wipes away a tear.
65) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting on the edge of a queen-size bed, the cradle of a dial phone to her ear, listening. She makes eye contact with Ed, who enters from outside, carrying a small suitcase and the cardboard box with the tape recorder and kitchen clock inside.
65) 1) dialog: Well that’s very nice of grandma... seeing as it’s so far past your bed time and you have school tomorrow. Ed grins, places the box and suitcase on a dresser. LORRAINE (cont'd) Yes honey, daddy’s right here. (listens) I love you too. She holds out the phone for Ed, who takes a seat next to her -- mouths “she promised”. Ed seems somewhat amused --
65) 5) dialog: It’s just hitting close to home. Andrea reminds me so much of Judy.
66) 0) text: Lorraine exits the bathroom, donning a robe. She’s towel drying her hair. (CONTINUED)
66) 3) dialog: What’s wrong?
68) 0) text: A night light flowing out from the open bathroom door casts a light glow over Ed and Lorraine, who are sound asleep in the bed. O.C. A SOFT CLICK -- then WE HEAR the tape recorder kicking on by itself.
68) 3) dialog: Ed, the clock. He looks where her gaze is locked -- she’s staring at the Perron clock next to the recorder. The time on it reads 5:15. They look at it, transfixed. It never moves to: 5:16.
69) 0) text: Small town. Stores and businesses line both sides of the street. Light traffic. Ed and Lorraine are driving through. They pass the Catholic church. The marquee in front reads: LET GOD GIVE YOU A GREAT DAY. Ed continues for another block, then pulls over, coming to a_stop in front of MATHEWS DRY GOODS store. It’s simple, with two large windows, separated by an entrance. A second story sits above it.
70) 0) text: S.0. of a bell that rings when Ed and Lorraine enter the store. Inside is filled with a potpourri of dry goods. SHANNON MATHEWS, a_woman in her late 30’s, and a teenage gird are behind’a long counter that stretches from the ront of the store to a set of steps leading upstairs in the back. A lava lamp sits next to a register. Shannon’s busy cutting a piece of fabric for a customer when she looks up.
74) 0) text: Ed enters, looking half asleep. Goes to the coffee pot -- LORRAINE O.C. You’re gonna have to make some more. Ed looks to an alcove off the kitchen, spotting Lorraine, who has all the info they got from the Historian spread out on_a small desk. She’s holding a hand written journal.
74) 2) dialog: Since four -- couldn't sleep. She looks at him -- there’s an intensity in her eyes. LORRAINE (cont'd) It’s no wonder that family is going through what they are.
74) 7) dialog: Yeah, she was the first witch hung in Salem during the trials. Ed looks to Lorraine, definitely intrigued. LORRAINE (cont’d) After she and Judson were married, they had a baby, and when it was seven days old, Judson found it sacrificed -— in front of the fireplace. Ed can’t believe it -- LORRAINE (cont'd) I’m assuming with pitting needles. Apparently -- she ran out to the barn, climbed into the rafters, proclaimed her love to Satan, cursed anyone who tried to take her land, then hung herself. Lorraine slides an old newspaper clipping mounted on parchment paper over to Ed, who picks it up. LORRAINE (cont'd) That’s her. -- Ed looks at the picture; it’s of a woman hanging from a rafter -- EXACTLY THE SAME IMAGE AND LIKENESS OF THE
74) 11) dialog: Ed _-- she hung herself at five fifteen in the morning.
74) 15) dialog: And that woman I saw in the basement who shot herself -- I think it’s this woman who lived there in the thirties -- last name is Walker. She had two children who mysteriously sorobebiy wt in the woods -- it’s pro ably why she killed herself. I’m assuming those are them --
74) 17) dialog: And I’m not done. What was the original five hundred acre farm, has been divided, and sold off -- She unfurls an old map next to her. Points to a spot. LORRAINE (cont'd) There was a boy who drowned in this pond -- he lived in a house over here. Her finger slides across the map to another location close by -- LORRAINE (cont'd) And a hunter who died in the woods -- he lived here. Again, she indicates -- LORRAINE (cont'd) There was a school bus accident on this road. She looks to Ed, more for emphasis than anything else. LORRAINE (cont'd) The only children who died, were from families who had homes on the property. Four of them.
76) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine get out of their car with BRUCE LEVY (30). Clean cut, wears khakis. Gym built muscles gives his shirt a tight fit. They move around the back of their car. Ed opens the trunk. Inside are four large bags of groceries, a cardboard box, which now holds Ed’s tape recorder, the Perron’s clock, a bible, a camera case, some note pads, and dozens of film canisters. Bruce takes a beat, looking around.
76) 2) dialog: Good, Jerome's here. Jerome drives Up right next to them and parks. Climbs out. He’s munching on a large cookie. Smiles to them --
76) 4) dialog: Jerome, this is Bruce Levy.
77) 0) text: A troubled looking Carolyn has the door open as Jerome, Ed and Bruce pile in, each loaded with monitors, VCRs, gauges, and various pieces of camera equipment, etc. Lorraine follows, carrying a box. Cindy and Andrea are looking down from the landing upstairs.
77) 8) dialog: How are you holding up? Sees she’s not.
78) 0) text: Lorraine is standing against the counter, listening to Carolyn --
80) 24) dialog: It was never a_ child to her -- she just used her God given gift as the ultimate offense against him. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
82) 0) text: Lorraine and Carolyn descend the stairs, each carrying an empty laundry basket. They stop_at the foyer where their attention is drawn to Cindy and Jerome in the living room.
82) 1) dialog: Looks like someone might have a crush. The edge of Carolyn’s lips curl into a amused smile -- (CONTINUED)
82) 5) dialog: Top of his class at MIT.
82) 7) dialog: Yes, Ed likes to use them as documentarians -- people trust them. beat) I think it’s because Ed’s dad was a cop. ANDREA 0O.C. Mom, can you braid my hair? Carolyn turns to see Andrea on the stairway behind them, holding a hair brush and a tie-off.
82) 9) dialog: I can do that for you -- I do my daughter's all the time. Lorraine hands_her basket to Carolyn, then sits down on the second to last step. Taps the one below her. Andrea takes a seat on it. Carolyn heads in to the kitchen. Lorraine takes the brush from Andrea, and begins to stroke the young girl’s lengthy hair.
82) 11) dialog: Judy. She’s about your age.
82) 13) dialog: Um-hum. We braid it every night before she goes to bed. Cindy walks out of the living room. Takes a seat next to Lorraine -- watching her brush Andrea’s hair.
82) 19) dialog: Ever since I can remember.
82) 21) dialog: An aura.
82) 23) dialog: It’s energy that surrounds your body. Lorraine looks at both the girls, perusing them slightly. LORRAINE (cont'd) You both have beautiful one’s, by the way -- The girls smile. The front door swings open. Ed and Bruce enter.
82) 25) dialog: (to the girls) Excuse me one sec. Lorraine gets to her feet, goes to Ed.
82) 27) dialog: (whispering back) What do you mean?
82) 29) dialog: I’m braiding hair. (CONTINUED)
82) 33) dialog: I’m fine, Ed -- just helping out. Ed looks like he’s not so sure, but lets it go. LORRAINE (cont’d) Did you guys get all set up in the barn?
84) 0) text: Bruce follows Ed and Lorraine down the steep set of steps -- camera is rolling. They get to the bottom. Ed takes a moment, looking around the basement -- glances to an EFD he’s holding in his hand -- the needle is bouncing just between the 1 and the 2.
86) 22) dialog: Why’s that? Lorraine heads over to the refrigerator. Opens it.
86) 27) dialog: Give me your hands. She takes them, then closes her eyes. Bruce seems a little uncomfortable. After a long moment -- LORRAINE (cont'd) It's a baseball -- has something written on it, all I can make out are a J anda R. Lorraine opens her eyes, releases Bruce’s hands.
86) 30) dialog: Oh well, must be tuning into something else then --
87) 0) text: Lorraine is seated next to Carolyn in front of the monitors, who's watching Andrea and Cindy curled asleep on Cindy's bed.
88) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine drive up and park next to the house. The Perron’s station wagon is gone. They get out. Lorraine heads to the house.” Ed heads to the barn.
89) 0) text: Lorraine knocks on the front door, but there’s no response. She waits a second longer, then decides to go in anyway. She opens the front door. Even though all the lights are all off, and it’s somewhat dark inside, she sees -- -- Carolyn, now wearing her hair down, coming up out of the CELLAR DOOR at the end of the hall, then walk into the kitchen -- oblivious to Lorraine’s presence.
90) 0) text: Lorraine stands at the open door. Carolyn is at the counter with her back to her.
90) 1) dialog: Carolyn... Carolyn slowly turns to her -- it seems to take her a second to register it’s Lorraine.
90) 3) dialog: I can’t believe you went into the cellar.
93) 0) text: Bruce enters. Looks to Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger, who are seated on the sofas -- his demeanor, as well as the look on his face, drawing their attention -- Jerome looks over from the monitors.
94) 0) text: Bruce follows Lorraine, Ed and Jerome into the kitchen. Looks to the fridge -- no milk is dripping. In fact, there’s not even any milk on the floor. Bruce whips a glance to the counter, and there sitting next to Bruce’s coffee mug, is the carton of milk, right where he set it the first time.
94) 6) dialog: Sure. The others continue out. Bruce takes a beat, then --
96) 0) text: The SUDDEN FLASHES from the hallway pulls Lorraine and Bruce’s attention back out the kitchen door -- Lorraine quickly moves out into the hallway to see --
98) 0) text: -- where he joins Carolyn and Roger, who have their eyes glued the MONITOR as the camera keeps strobing throug the dark hallway. Lorraine, Bruce and Jerome come up right behind him --
100) 5) dialog: How are the girls?
100) 19) dialog: Let me go in. Lorraine gets on her hands and knees as Roger comes back with a small flashlight. Hands it to her.” She thumbs the switch. Shines it into the open door -- -- the light stretches into what looks like a narrow crawl space framed in wood. Lorraine slips half her body inside, keeping the light shining ahead. 77.
101) 0) text: Lorraine can barely make it out, but sees that the crawl space seems to open up.
101) 1) dialog: Looks like there’s some sort of room. Her flashlight suddenly dies -- casting her into total darkness. fhe palms it a couple of times -- gets the beam to shine again. As she points the light down the crawl-space ahead -- -- A YOUNG BOY AND GIRL, full of angst and panic, scramble toward Lorraine, PASSING RIGHT THROUGH her body - it’s the two she saw in the photograph earlier. Resume —- Lorraine is slightly startled, but continues into the room ahead.
102) 0) text: Lorraine slowly stands, her flashlight quartering the darkness. Cobwebs everywhere reflect off the light. It falls upon a makeshift bed with an old, dust covered blanket, which has SLINKY TOY sitting on it. Lorraine picks it up -- sees a wooden box next to the bed with other toys in it. She lets her light wander, discovering that every wall is completely covered with THE SAME PHRASE scrawled in crayon, over and over. She moves closer. Sees what it says; ‘M SORRY MOMMY. I’M SORRY MOMMY. I’M SORRY sok. I'M SORRY MOMMY...
102) 1) text: Lorraine stops -- senses something. She slowly moves the light off the wall and angles it to her forearm -- IT’S COVERED IN GOOSEBUMPS. And for a second, her heart skips a beat -- there’s something else she sees —- -- the light cascading past her forearm down to the floor illuminates BATHSHEBA’S DIRTY, CRUSTED BARE FEET, straddling her own -- from behind. Before Lorraine can turn around -- -- she is aggressively shoved into the wall. The movement jars the flashlight and slinky from her grasp and drops to the floor.
103) 0) text: Lorraine is reaching for the flashlight on the floor just as Ed crawls in.
103) 1) dialog: I’m alright. (beat) It was her, Ed. She looks hard to him -- definitely impacted. LORRAINE (cont'd) I’ve never felt anything so dark. (beat) We have to get her out of this house --
103) 3) text: As Ed and Lorraine come out, Ed looks to Jerome, direct -
105) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep. Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an open window next to her. (CONTINUED)
105) 3) dialog: Keep your eyes on the monitors for me, will you. I'’11 be right back. Lorraine heads out of the room.
106) 0) text: Lorraine moves toward the flopping movement, which seems to be slowing with each step she takes. As she gets to it, the flopping stops. Sees it’s an enormous barn owl -- neck broken, eyes wide open. Dead. A compassionate look sweeps over Lorraine’s face, until she hears -- -- A DISTANT BLEND OF VOICES; pained, fearful, full of anxiety. She follows them to the back of the barn, where through a thick wall of trees and shrubs, she can barely make out an old, beaten pathway that threads through. She heads in.
107) 0) text: The VOICES begin to grow in volume as Lorraine walks deeper into the growth fighting her way through overgrown branches, following what’s left of the pathway. She comes out into a small clearing to see where the voices are coming from. Before her, surrounded by a crumbling stone wall and completely overgrown with weeds, is an OLD CEMETERY with maybe forty tombstones within; some broken, some toppled, some incredibly worn. The voices seem to be coming from somewhere on the other side. She moves into it. A wind begins to tumble pieces of foliage across the ground, then one tombstone catches her attention -- the name reads: Bathsheba Sherman. She moves up to it as the voices get louder and louder -- it’s almost deafening, then -- -- THE VOICES INSTANTLY STOP, and things fall into an awful silence. It becomes unnerving as Lorraine senses something, a presence -- very close. She scans the surrounding trees, but everything beyond is swallowed in the shadows of the night -- she keeps staring, knowing something is just beyond. After a moment —- (CONTINUED)
108) 0) text: As Lorraine dashes into the house and heads to the kitchen, Bruce looks at her from the living room, confused by her frenzy of motion.
109) 0) text: Lorraine comes running into the kitchen. She’s out of breath. Immediately goes to the phone on the wall. Quickly dials. Ed walks in, curious to what’s going on. He’s about to say something when she raises her hand to give her a secon
109) 1) dialog: (into phone) Mom, it’s Lorraine. Is Judy okay? (listens) Can you go check on her, please. (listens; irritated Damnit! Just check -- please. Lorraine looks to Ed -- tears in her eyes. Keeps the phone to her ear -- (CONTINUED)
109) 5) dialog: It was Judy.
109) 7) dialog: I saw her, out there -- she was dead -- A VOICE comes back on the phone -- Lorraine breathes a sigh of relief. LORRAINE (cont'd) (listens) Thank you -- I didn’t mean to scare you like that. (listens) I'll explain later, okay. Goodnight. Lorraine slowly hangs up.
109) 9) dialog: I saw Judy dead in a cemetery. It was some kind of warning, I know it. There are spirits trapped there, I could hear them. She’s dominating both worlds.
109) 11) dialog: snaps) Stop what? He takes her by the shoulders --
109) 13) dialog: I thought something had happened to her.
111) 0) text: Ed hurries in. Sees that Andrea is asleep, curled up on the sofa next to Roger, who is stroking her hair. Lorraine is seated close by. Bruce has crashed in the chair by the monitors. Lorraine and Roger look to Ed --
112) 0) text: Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger are standing at the table, looking at a photograph -- Jerome stands aside, holding two more photos in his hand.
112) 1) dialog: He’s the boy I saw in the hidden room. Angle on the photo - although grainy and transparent, it’s definitely the same boy with glasses Lorraine saw, but he’s at the top of the stairs, heading down.
112) 5) dialog: It’s her. Roger and Carolyn’s eyes are wide, transfixed.
112) 7) dialog: From our perspective, yes. But from that child’s, she’s as real to him as you are to me. (beat) She may have died a witch, but she’s come back with a strength only Satan can give her --
115) 0) text: Lorraine comes out of the living room. Bruce and Jerome are in the background, breaking down the equipment. She approaches Andrea, who is sitting in Cindy’s lap on the bottom step -- the trauma still apparent on_her face. It’s hard for Lorraine to see this little girl like this.
115) 1) dialog: It's going to be okay -- nothing’s going to hurt you again. I promise. Andrea stands_ and gives Lorraine an unexpected embrace. It lingers. Lorraine is first to unlock from the hug, but Andrea still clings for a few seconds longer, then lets her go. Looks to Cindy -- LORRAINE (cont'd) Is your mom upstairs?
116) 0) text: Lorraine heads outside. She catches a glimpse of Carolyn heading into the woods behind the barn.
117) 0) text: Lorraine makes her way through the woods, literally retracing her steps from before. As she approaches the clearing, she can see -- -- carolyn sitting on the wall of the cemetery with her back to her Light pierces down through the thick canopy above.
117) 1) dialog: Carolyn.. Carolyn doesn’t turn around. Lorraine slowly approaches. LORRAINE (cont'd) Are you okay? As Lorraine nears, it’s hard to tell if it’s the afternoon light and shadows are playing tricks with her eyes, but it looks like, from the side view, there's something off about Carolyn’s face -- it almost looks like another woman’s -- Carolyn slowly swivels her head to Lorraine -- which seems normal now, but there’s a distance in her eyes.
117) 3) dialog: What’re you doing here? Lorraine notices that Carolyn is holding the SLINKY she saw in the hidden room.
117) 5) dialog: She said she just wanted to see it, And she was holding the slinky I saw in that room. (beat) As far as I’m concerned, the church can’t get there fast enough.
119) 0) text: Ed parks in front of a very large, impressive stone structure with peaked roofs and stained glass. As Ed and Lorraine get out of the car, THEY HEAR the soft, angelic ginging voice of a young boy emanating from the open front doors of the church. They head up the stone steps to the open doors. The singing continues.
120) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine enter. They are dwarfed by its massive size. The center aisle splits through numerous rows of pews. Up front, a choir director stands off to the side during a rehearsal, as a young g boy. sings his heart out An all boys choir stand sitent behind them. Ed dips his fingertips into a bowl sculpted from marble, full of Holy water. Says a silent prayer, then crosses himself. Lorraine follows suit. The two of them are approached by Father Jordon. Greets them with a warm smile.
121) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine exit their car. Judy comes out the front door and Lorraine runs to her, swooping her up in her arms. Ed's mom is in the background.
122) 0) text: Lunch crowd. Don McLean's “American Pie” plays in the b.g. as Cindy and Andrea are sitting on bar stools at a linoleum counter, picking through lunch. Out of ear shot, and seated at_a booth opposite the counter, is Roger. He’s with Ed and Lorraine, and looks stressed out.
122) 10) dialog: Issues -- what’s that supposed to mean?
123) 0) text: Lorraine’s sitting at the desk.
123) 1) dialog: What’re we going to do?
123) 3) dialog: Alright, be safe. Love you.
124) 0) text: The phone rings. Lorraine enters the kitchen and answers it.
124) 1) dialog: Hello? (listens) Hey Jerome -- (CONTINUED)
126) 0) text: Judy walks in -- Lorraine’s still on the phone.
126) 1) dialog: -- Ed’s about to lose his mind. Lorraine looks to her -- sees the envelope and reads the return address: it’s from Shannon in Harrisville. She motions for Judy to put it on the desk, which she does. gudy grabs a small basket off the kitchen counter. Looks er mom -- (CONTINUED)
129) 0) text: Lorraine watches Judy out through the window.
129) 1) dialog: We'll let you know when we find out any thing. (beat) Say hi to your mom. (CONTINUED)
130) 0) text: Lorraine is moving fast as her legs will carry her to the chicken coop.
130) 1) dialog: Judy! No answer -- and it’s killing her.
131) 2) dialog: Where'd you get that? Through her tears, Judy follows her mom’s sight to the basket.
132) 0) text: Lorraine walks Judy in. Dumps the slinky in the trash can.
133) 0) text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the edge of a four posted, chiffon-canopied bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy’ s hair. She has calmed down significantly.
133) 2) dialog: He’s on the road honey, I’1l tell him when he gets home.
133) 6) dialog: Judy. Judy doesn’t awaken, continues --
133) 8) dialog: Honey -- She shakes her harder. Judy’s words fade as she rolls over, sound asleep. Lorraine slowly sits up, digesting the current event. She gasps -- -- someone is standing in the far corner of the room. pat it looks like Bathsheba Sherman staring right at her, ut —- -- it’s not a ghostly image -- IT LOOKS REAL. (CONTINUED)
134) 0) text: Lorraine, now wearing pajamas, finishes washing her face, then exits, turning the light off. INT. MASTER BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS She walks over to the bed where Judy is sound aslee Crawls under the covers. As she reaches to turn oft the light -- her blood pressure races north -- the SLINKY she threw away is right there. The four posts on her bed begin CREAKING -- she slowly looks up -- -- stretched out upon the canopy, is Bathsheba Sherman -- the contours of her eyes, face and body clearly outlined as she descends closer and closer -- the force of which causing each of the bed posts to strain, bending inward like they're made of rubber. Lorraine remains paralyzed, unable to move... chilled by the ominous reality of this unholy spirit. Lorraine digs deep and finds some inner strength to get herself moving -~ scoops Judy up. Dashes out through the bedroom doorway just as the door whips closed right behind her.
137) 6) dialog: ..--She was here, Ed.
138) 0) text: Ed moves into the kitchen -- full of anger. lLorraine’s behind him.
138) 2) dialog: You make it sound like I meant to.
140) 8) dialog: .--Ed, what is it? He slowly rolls his head toward her --
140) 10) dialog: What...?
140) 12) dialog: I’m going with you.
141) 4) dialog: We're taking Judy to your mom's, then going to the church. Together. I won’t walk away from these people, they need us -- this is what we do.
141) 6) dialog: Maybe -- but that’s what gives me the strength to fight for that family too. I’m going. The look on Lorraine’s face leaves no doubt for Ed that she’s back on track. He nods. She closes the back door, then climbs into the front.
141) 9) dialog: -- Between the Shermans and the Perrons living there, the house has only been owned by two other families. One was the Walkers, whose kids were the ones I saw, and the other was the Heichts -- it says ghey had a son who was drowned by his mother --
141) 12) dialog: -- Who then killed herself...
141) 17) dialog: (sotto) Oh my Lord... Lorraine looks to Ed with a sudden realization -- LORRAINE (cont'd) ...She possesses the mothers to continue the sacrifices to Satan.
142) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine walk right into Father Jordon’s office, who's in the middle of speaking with the ARCHBISHOP, FATHER O'MALLEY; distinguished looking - late sixties. Both are caught off guard by the intrusion.
142) 7) dialog: So what? (CONTINUED)
143) 0) text: A bitter Ed and Lorraine walk out of the church with Father Jordon.
154) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine see Roger’s truck with its door ope n -- engine still running. “Its headlights are on, lighting the house like center stage. The cars skid to a stop. Just as they all get out - -- A GUNSHOT ECHOES OUT IN THE NIGHT as a muzzle flash pops from a bedroom window upstairs.
156) 0) text: As they come off the top of the stairs -- CINDY O.C. (pleading) ... please, let her go! Ed races down the hallway to the master bedroom. Door’s closed. Lorraine and Bruce are right behind. (CONTINUED)
156) 13) dialog: Roger, please -- give him the gun... We see Roger struggling with a decision -- stares at Carolyn’s maniacal face before him. (CONTINUED)
156) 18) dialog: (to Roger) Grab her arms! Loraine and Roger latch onto the arms, her strength over- whelming -- Ed gets to his feet, extracting the vial of Holy water. Dips his forefinger into it. “Crosses himself.
156) 22) text: Fight it, Carolyn! Don’t let her ake you! The dresser slides agross the floor, ripping DEEP SCRATCHES in the wood. £ just misses Lorraine by a fraction as it plows ri it y her, bounces off the bed frame and embeds into the drywall. Lorraine looks to Cindy -- LORRAINE (cont'd) Help us!
156) 24) dialog: No Ed -- there’s a reason she hasn/ t killed her, Carolyn’s still fighting the possession -- she can p her! Get her to fight this! Ed pauses for a second, his mind racing through limited options. Agrees with Lorraine. Nods. (CONTINUED)
156) 31) dialog: You too. Long beat.
156) 33) dialog: Not just yet.
157) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine pull up in their driveway. Judy and her Grandmother come out the front door to greet them. Judy runs to the car. As Lorraine gives her a warm hug, Ed extracts a box from the back seat and hands it to her. She opens the top to see TWELVE BABY CHICKS INSIDE. Off her smile, we fade out. The end. Over black