4) 2) dialog: Here we are --— A hundred yards back, now much older, is the same two- story fa ouse and barn. Trees have grown. It’s been well cared for. The station wagon comes to a_stop in front of the house. Getting out is the driver, ROGER PERRON, a lean man in his early thirties and his wife CAROLYN, "who's simply dressed with her hair pulled up -- also early thirties. Hopping out of the back are their two girls, ANDREA (7) and CINDY (15), and the family’s black lab, Sadie. Everyone is excited, except for Cindy -- a mixture of raging hormones and adolescence. She takes in her surroundings --
4) 4) dialog: Do you hear that? She listens, but --
4) 6) dialog: Exactly. Carolyn looks over to open space between the house and the barn --
5) 0) text: Carolyn and the girls are next to Roger as he opens the door. Andrea dashes in.
5) 3) text: Roger’s eyes meet Carolyn’s -- who seems amused.
5) 5) dialog: C'mon, girl. Sadie takes a reserved step backwards. Keeps staring. ROGER (cont'd) Sadie, c’mon -- The dog remains still -- has no intention of getting any closer. Roger lets it go. ROGER (cont'd) Dumb dog.
5) 7) dialog: That goes in the living room. They make the turn as another MOVER follows them in carrying a heavy box. Roger reads something handwritten across the top -- ROGER (cont'd) Just put that down in the cellar. It’s the last door at the end of the hall here. The guy continues on past him.
7) 0) text: Andrea comes back in just as Roger enters from the hallway. In passing --
7) 2) dialog: No. As she walks away --
7) 5) dialog: ...If only I had the energy. (beat ) I was thinking about running into town and grabbing a pizza at that place we passed.
7) 7) dialog: Yeah -- it is.
7) 12) dialog: Last box for tonight. I’m beat.
7) 14) dialog: I‘1l find something to tether her to. Maybe a night outside will help change her mind. As Roger heads back out --
7) 16) dialog: It's an old house honey, it’s going to make some noises. (CONTINUED)
7) 17) text: The lights flicker for a moment -- ROGER (cont'd) .-.Oh great.
8) 0) text: Carolyn’s eyes open -- she’s awakened to what sounds like the distant screams of hundreds of children -- but that can’t be right. She glances to Roger, who is sound asleep. She slips out of bed to investigate.
9) 0) text: Carolyn comes out the back door. Listens -- it’s much louder. Her attention is drawn to the woods directly behind the house where the screaming is coming from. A HAND touches her shoulder -- she about oem s out of her skin. She whirls. Roger is standing right behind her.
9) 1) dialog: Whoa -- sorry. Carolyn slowly turns back around to face the woods.
9) 3) dialog: (amused) Tree frogs -- about as big as softballs. They’re fucking. She looks back at him over her shoulder --
9) 5) dialog: I used to catch them as a kid at my Grand-dad’s. Carolyn looks back out into the night.
9) 8) dialog: I think it’s going to take some time for this city girl to get used to this country living.
9) 10) dialog: Those frogs make you horny?
13) 2) dialog: Slow down there, kiddo. He looks to Carolyn standing at the sink -- knows something's up. ROGER (cont'd) What is it? (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Roger approaches a guy wearing incredibly dirty pants and shirt, who's peering down a hole in the ground into a septic system -- Carolyn can be seen in the background tending to a newly sprouting, completely fenced in gaxden. A SCARECROW, secured to a make-shift cross of x4's, stands at attention in the middle of it. It’s wearing overalls, plaid shirt and donning a wig with shoulder length hair capped over a small pillow that has a grude face drawn on. Roger’s big rig is parked next to e barn. Roger gets to the guy, who turns and faces him. His shirt has a name tag, reads: Carl.
17) 1) dialog: Did you find the problem? Carl looks to him.
17) 3) dialog: They ¢ teach you guys to say that, right? (CONTINUED)
17) 7) dialog: Can‘t you just rig it somehow?
17) 9) dialog: So -- what’re we looking at? some numbers in his head.
18) 0) text: A stressed Roger stands opposite Carolyn, who continues to tend the garden. She stops.
18) 1) dialog: Seven grand for the new electrical and now fourteen for this --
18) 3) dialog: Yeah, but I don’t know how much more we can afford. Looks at him -- what do you mean? Roger takes a beat -- ROGER (cont'd) I got a call from Mike this morning -- because of this damn gas crunch, they’re going to have to start laying. people f.
18) 5) dialog: I’m not exactly senior there --
25) 0) text: Roger heads down his driveway. His headlights capture Carolyn looking out the living room window at him -- she looks terrorized, anxious.
26) 0) text: Roger stands in front of the open gun case; ex osing a shotgun and a couple of rifles. He’s quickly loading ammo into a hand gun.
27) 0) text: Roger comes out of the living room, gun in hand. Carolyn the girls watch him from the top of the stairs as he heads for the cellar door, which now has a chair propped up under the handle as well as the door-wedge.
28) 0) text: Roger inches down the stairs. Alert. Ready. He steps off the bottom step -- pauses -- gun out -- eyes perusing the shelves of canned goods and stacked moving boxes. There are no windows or other exits. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Roger comes up off the stairs. Closes the door behind him. Looks up to Carolyn and the girls who are waiting with baited breath upstairs.
29) 1) dialog: There’s nothing down there. The scratches were probabiy already on the door and your light just was playing tricks on you; maybe flected off the railing or something.
29) 3) dialog: Then I don’t know what to tell you -- nothing’ s down there and there’s no way out. Andrea's nervously chewing on her fingernails.
29) 7) dialog: Just stop, both of you. There’s nothing down there. Now it’s late -- just go to bed. The girls walk away, leaving Carolyn standing there. Roger's shifts his attention to her -- shakes his head.
29) 11) dialog: I think moving here has been a big adjustment. Maybe too big.
38) 0) text: Dark rain clouds threaten. The leaves in the trees have begun to turn color. The garden off to the side is now void of any growth -- the ground bare. The Scarecrow looks dead itself; it’s stringy hair drawn across its face by a small breeze. Andrea, wearing a warm sweater, is kneeling before a small grave at the base of a tree. There’s a wooden cross with the name SADIE written on it. She’s pulling several weeds away. Cindy ¢ s helping Carolyn take down some sheets from a clothing line as they ripple in the wind. Roger's Rig is parked next to the barn.
39) 0) text: Carolyn comes in with the girls. Roger’s on the phone. He looks tired. Strained. As they cross --
39) 1) dialog: Glen, I’m just looking for anything, man -- I need to get something going on or I’m going to lose the insurance on the rig. (listens; frustrated) That’s half my rate and twice the distance. (listens; giving in) Yeah, alright, alright, I’1l take it. Roger hangs up the phone. Looks to Carolyn -- shakes his ead.
41) 0) text: Carolyn and Roger are rattled from a dead sleep by Andrea's blood curdling scream -- both scramble out of the covers to get to her.
41) 2) dialog: Andrea...? Carolyn joins him. Roger hits the switch on the wall, shedding light on Andrea, who’s curled up in a corner, hyperventilating with fear. The tears are flowing as she stares at her bed.
41) 7) dialog: Demons peering in through windows, cold spots, doors rattling, voices -- everyone was fine until you started putting all this scared, city-girl bullshit in their heads.
41) 9) dialog: Then how come I haven't seen it?
41) 11) dialog: To do what?
41) 13) dialog: Yeah -- that’s just what the girls need to see next -- someone walking around here with a cross damning everything out of this house. (beat) I can’t listen to anymore of this shit. He heads downstairs.
42) 0) text: Roger's asleep on one of two sofas that face each other in’ front of the fireplace, that’s glowing red from embers. There’s a coffee table between the sofas with a half empty bottle of scotch. A nearby TV is fuzzy white, that is, until -- -- something dark, ominous, crosses in front of it. Roger awakens. Sits up. Rubs his groggy eyes, then rises. Goes to the TV. Just as he turns off the TV, he hears the LOW CREAKING SOUND OF A DOOR opening. He heads to the hallway to investigate. As he passes a Grandfather clock, the time reads: 5:15. 31.
43) 0) text: Just as Roger comes into the hallway -- HE SEES the kitchen door closing shut. As he moves toward it -- it starts to BANG against the door jam in bursts of three. Bangbangbang ; Bangbangbang. Roger’s mind is racing -- what the 1? The banging stops the minute he gets to the door. The house falls into an awful silence. He opens the kitchen loor -- -- looks inside. A night-light cascading from a socket next to the sink, kicks out enough glow to see that no one’s in there. A soft breeze coming in through the kitchen window caresses the curtains. His mind settles -- that must’ve been it.
44) 0) text: Roger is pulling out in his big rig. Carolyn is standing outside the house, wrapped in a sweater. She looks soul weary as she watches him drive off.
72) 0) text: Carolyn is getting ready for bed. There’s a flare in the window from headlights coming down the driveway. She moves to the window and looks out -- -- it’s Roger returning in the rig.
73) 0) text: Roger looks clearly irritated as he reaches for a bottle of scotch in a cabinet. Carolyn is leaning against the counter, arms folded, trying to stay strong.
73) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you did this behind my back.
73) 3) dialog: I told you I didn’t want anymore of this bullshit.
73) 5) dialog: Of course they did. (CONTINUED)
77) 7) dialog: Yeah -- me too. (to Carolyn) I‘'1l be in the barn. Roger heads out front as Ed continues into the living room with Jerome and Bruce. Lorraine looks to Carolyn -- sincere.
79) 0) text: The door opens. A column of outside light slides in, barely stretching to the Chevy pickup in the back. Roger comes in. As he reaches for a wall switch --
80) 2) dialog: Six.
80) 4) text: (impressed) You know trucks. Roger finishes jacking up the truck. He flips the “safety” lever into the lock position on the jack.
80) 6) dialog: Just repacking the bearings. Bruce enters, continues un-spooling the cable as he approaches Ed.
80) 10) dialog: Knock yourself out. Roger starts to unscrew the lugs. Ed mounts the camera onto the tripod. Takes the other end of the cable from Bruce and plugs into the side of the camera.
80) 13) dialog: And you've actually caught things on film?
80) 21) dialog: I’m alright, can you pull me out? Resume —- Ed and Bruce each take a leg and pull on him. His body slowly emerges. Roger looks to them -- ROGER (cont'd) Thanks. He notices the tool box. ROGER (cont'd) That was close. Roger gets to his feet. Picks up the Jack that’s fallen over. “Looks at it -- the safety lock is now off. ROGER (cont'd) Safety must’ve slipped. We see by the look on Ed’s face that he thinks there's more going on here than that.
83) 4) dialog: Yeah. Roger sees the crosses -- looks to Ed curiously. ROGER (cont'd) That’s a lot of crosses.
83) 8) dialog: (half joking) Like holding a cross in front of a vampire?
85) 0) text: Carolyn, Roger and Jerome stand at the doorway as Bruce, Lorrasne and Ed file out of the basement. Ed looks to Carolyn, reading her disappointment.
91) 0) text: Roger drives up to the house, has the girls with him. His headlights drag over the Warren’s parked car. He pulls to a stop. As he and the kids get out, he notices the barn door is open. Light on. He héads for it as the girls continue to the house.
91) 2) dialog: Not at all.
91) 4) dialog: Yeah. Roger walks over to the work bench. Opens a cabinet above it and grabs a can from a shelf. Pops it open as he heads over to Ed and hands it to him.
91) 6) dialog: Carolyn told me you going to be a priest -- Ed ponders for a moment -- does he want to share this?
91) 8) dialog: I could scratch my head ‘til I’m bald and never figure out why you do what you do -- (CONTINUED)
93) 0) text: Bruce enters. Looks to Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger, who are seated on the sofas -- his demeanor, as well as the look on his face, drawing their attention -- Jerome looks over from the monitors.
98) 0) text: -- where he joins Carolyn and Roger, who have their eyes glued the MONITOR as the camera keeps strobing throug the dark hallway. Lorraine, Bruce and Jerome come up right behind him --
100) 0) text: Roger is holding Andrea in his arms, sitting on the edge of the bed, while Carolyn is latched onto Cindy, cuddled on the other side. He looks to her --
100) 1) dialog: Hey... Her eyes meet his. He tries to say something, but can’t find the words --
100) 6) dialog: Better. Ed looks to Roger.
100) 8) dialog: ... Yeah.
100) 14) dialog: I don’t care what the hell you do to it.
100) 18) dialog: Yeah, there’s one in our room. Ro ger disappears for a moment. Lorraine puts her hand on s shoulder --
105) 0) text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep. Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an open window next to her. (CONTINUED)
109) 17) dialog: You okay? Ed looks to Lorraine, then addresses Roger --
109) 19) dialog: She woke up and was a little scared --
111) 0) text: Ed hurries in. Sees that Andrea is asleep, curled up on the sofa next to Roger, who is stroking her hair. Lorraine is seated close by. Bruce has crashed in the chair by the monitors. Lorraine and Roger look to Ed --
112) 0) text: Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger are standing at the table, looking at a photograph -- Jerome stands aside, holding two more photos in his hand.
112) 3) dialog: What’s he looking at?
112) 6) dialog: ..-Why would he be frightened of her? He’s dead.
113) 5) dialog: Ohmygod. (CONTINUED)
114) 0) text: Ed and Roger approach the back of the Perron’s station wagon, each carrying two small suitcases. The first rays of morning light pierce the horizon.
114) 2) dialog: I’'1l_ get you paid back for the hotel.
114) 6) dialog: When do you think you can get someone out here?
122) 0) text: Lunch crowd. Don McLean's “American Pie” plays in the b.g. as Cindy and Andrea are sitting on bar stools at a linoleum counter, picking through lunch. Out of ear shot, and seated at_a booth opposite the counter, is Roger. He’s with Ed and Lorraine, and looks stressed out.
122) 1) dialog: But you said it'd only take a couple of days.
122) 3) dialog: I’m just so worried about Carolyn. I think all the stress has_been too much. She’s not herself at all -- hasn’t showered, doesn’t wear makeup, is barely’ sleeping. And she just disappears for hours at a time. Off their look --
145) 0) text: Camera pans across the room and finds Roger on the floor next to a broken lamp. He’s not moving and the back of his head is bloody from a blow to the head.
147) 0) text: CU on the phone as it continues to ring. Rings again. And again. A hand then reaches into frame and fumbles for the receiver. Grabs it. Widen -- it’s Roger, who’s fighting some pain as he holds the back of his head.
147) 2) dialog: Ed -- she tried to kill me. (V.0.)
152) 0) text: Roger slides the truck to a skidding stop. Jumps out. (CONTINUED)
154) 0) text: Ed and Lorraine see Roger’s truck with its door ope n -- engine still running. “Its headlights are on, lighting the house like center stage. The cars skid to a stop. Just as they all get out - -- A GUNSHOT ECHOES OUT IN THE NIGHT as a muzzle flash pops from a bedroom window upstairs.
156) 3) dialog: Carolyn, let her go -- don’t make me do this, please.
156) 5) dialog: She tried to stab her!
156) 9) dialog: Carolyn, let her go.
156) 12) dialog: No! Carolyn, let her go! Roger looks like he could lose it any second --
156) 17) dialog: You better be right. As he lowers the gun to give to Bruce -- WHAM! He's kicked by Carolyn with such brute force, he flies backwards across the room into the wall. Glass flies, gun he sliding across the floor. Cindy’s losing it fast. and Bruce move in to grab hold of Carolyn. Ed gets a backhand to the face. Draws blood. Bruce leaps onto Carolyn, bringing she and Andrea to the floor, but her grip remains strong on Andrea, continuing to squeeze the life out of her, now more than ever.