24) 5) dialog: You don’t say? (CONTINUED)
24) 10) dialog: 
24) 14) dialog: Looks like your lucky day. He winks and “shoots” back at the Little Boy with his fin as his PAGER goes off. He checks the message before turni and disappearing into the crowd. CcuT TO: 28.
30) 2) dialog: sitting in the seat next to her. He’s listening to Korn's TWIST on his Walkman. BULLSEYE’S POV The old lady’s lips move as the sound of DEATH METAL come out of her mouth. He finally takes the headphones out.
30) 4) dialog: Would-you-shut-the-fuck-up?
30) 10) dialog: More peanuts?
38) 1) dialog: steps out with a cigarette dangling from his lips. He’s wearing an “I LOVE NEW YORK” T-shirt beneath his lon blue leather coat. He whips out a FORK from the diner and jabs it into one of the police motorcycle’s gas tanks. CuT TO:
40) 0) text: The Motorcycle Cops run out in time to see Bullseye ROARI OFF on one of their police bikes!
40) 4) dialog: as he speeds down the Avenue. The Motorcycle cop pulls up alongside him with his LIGHTS FLASHING.
40) 7) dialog: Me?
40) 11) dialog: The name’s Bullseye. (beat) And I never miss. The cigarette IGNITES the trail of gasoline!
42) 0) text: As Bullseye sees a BLACK STRETCH LIMOUSINE. He grins and guns his bike to head them off. CuT TO:
43) 5) dialog: This is my kind of town... He pulls a STRAP from his coat and locks the throttle in place. And then--he stands--SURFING the motorcycle down t street and freeing his hands to do what Bullseye does bes
43) 6) text: as Bullseye presses the middle button on what appears to STAR-SHAPED BELT BUCKLE. But the “buckle” is actually a stack of deadly SHURIKEN. Six Chinese throwing stars snap off and slide between each one of his gloved fingers.
43) 7) dialog: Here comes the pain! He CROSS-THROWS both hands of his shuriken at once!
43) 11) dialog: (stunned) You made me miss...I never miss...
43) 13) dialog: leaps from the skidding motorcycle and onto the limousine They begin trading punches and kicks as the car drives on BooM! BOOM! (CONTINUED)
45) 0) text: Daredevil KICKS Bullseye back to the rear of the car. But Bullseye reaches back and rips the CAR ANTENNA off. . He WHIPS it across Daredevil’s face! Daredevil stumbles b and falls off the back of the moving limo!
45) 1) dialog: as he turns back to the business at hand. He SMASHES thro the glass of the sunroof with a Muy Thai elbow strike... CuT TO:
45) 3) dialog: reaches for Natchios just as DAREDEVIL'S HANDS reach into frame and THROW him off of the limo and onto the pavement We watch as he tumbles along the street behind them when:
45) 10) dialog: as he picks the jagged-ended billy club from the motorcyc wreckage. He smiles and turns back as we see...
45) 12) dialog: grinning at his infallible aim from a city block away.
45) 13) dialog: Bull‘s-eye. He disappears into the shadows of the alleyway.
51) 2) dialog: sitting at his desk, holding a PENCIL in an electric sharpener. He pulls the sharpened pencil out and walks it across his fingers, like a magician with a card trick.
51) 3) dialog: You mean that guy?
51) 8) dialog: No. But it was fun. Fisk pours himself a drink.
51) 10) dialog: He made me miss. Fisk smiles as he holds up an olive for his drink.
51) 12) dialog: Tell your boys to stay out of Hell’s Kitchen. Anybody gets in my way and they end up like pencil boy.
51) 14) dialog: Yeah... Bullseye leans forward.
51) 15) dialog: I want a fuckin' costume.
61) 28) dialog: Oh, Daaaaaredevil...? We hear FOOTSTEPS CLANGING up the metal fire escape from other side of the building as Elektra’s eyes narrow.
61) 32) dialog: As he steps off of the fire escape and onto the roof. He smiles as Elektra unsheathes her sai. ELEKTRA (CONT’D) Murderer...
61) 33) dialog: Yeah. But you gotta admit that was one helluva toss. Elektra LEAPS for Bullseye, KICKING him across the face w SLASHING at him with her sais!
61) 34) dialog: dodges the sword strikes as the blades send SPARKS FLYING across the brick wall of the rooftop! But then he flinche millisecond too late and--WHOOSH!--a blade catches his ch Bullseye touches the cut and tastes his own blood. BULLSEYE (cont‘d)
61) 44) dialog: Pick a card. Any card. Elektra reacts as he suddenly THROWS THE CARD with incred precision--SLICING Elektra’s throat!
61) 49) dialog: And for my next trick...
61) 50) dialog: Swinging the sai UP INTO ELERTRA'S STOMACH!
63) 0) text: As we see Bullseye crouched down, smiling at what he’s fo A BLOOD TRAIL.
64) 8) dialog: Good line. Can I use it? as Bullseye steps through the front door. BULLSEYE (CONT‘D) You leave one helluva blood trail. A blind man could follow it.
64) 16) dialog: Bring it on. And in that split second Daredevil WHIPS his billy club o across the church-~SMASHING Bullseye‘s mouth! (CONTINUED)
64) 19) dialog: as he spits a mouthful of teeth into his hand! And then h WHIPS his teeth back at Daredevil STRIKING HIM in his eye
64) 20) dialog: as he kicks the billy club up into his hand and CRACKS th grappling hook into Daredevil’s chest wound. Daredevil grimaces as he drops to his knees from the pain... BULLSEYE (cont’d) This is my favorite part. Where I get to choose how you die. We hear the BELLS up in the tower as they automatically b to ring on the hour. Bullseye gets an idea and smiles.
66) 1) dialog: What’s with you?
66) 14) dialog: Laughing as he holds a SAI up, glistening in the moonligh
66) 15) dialog: It’s hers. Seems fitting, doesn’t it? But then the BELLS RING for the last time as we go to... DAREDEVIL’S POV Coming back from his shattered senses... CU DAREDEVIL’S HAND as he clenches his fist and...
66) 18) dialog: You can't do it, can you Devil? That's what separates me and you. You’re soft. You'll try to have me arrested. Maybe I‘1l even go to jail again. For a little while. But Fisk will get me out. (CONTINUED)
66) 22) dialog: Owns the whole Goddamn town. I’11 get his lawyers. And his judges. And I’ll walk out the door. (spitting blood) And I‘1]1 kill again. And again. And that blood will be on your hands then. A LONG BEAT.
66) 24) dialog: as he begins to realize...