35) 0) text: A series of shots as Abigail makes her way into the stati passing a few other PEOPLE here and there.
36) 0) text: A depressing, dimly lit, partially open-air station.  Abi moves out onto the platform, which is now deserted.  She glances around, a bit nervous, and finally sits on a benc Beat.  Just the wind MOANING in the tunnels, across the platform.  Then we hear a RUSTLING SOUND -- Abigail looks right, sees nothing.  We hear ANOTHER SOUND this time from the left -- Abigail looks up, briefly glimpsing a FIGURE ducking behi concrete pillar. Unnerved, she stands, moving a protective hand over her b She backs up a few steps, trying to look around the pilla -- but no one is there.  Then a SHADOW MOVES behind her. SENSES it, spinning -- -- but again, she seems to be alone.  Thoroughly frighten now, Abigail scoops up her grocery bags, turns to exit an -- slams right into Dingo and Proof!  She GASPS.
36) 3) text: Dingo and Proof reveal their fangs.  Abigail SCREAMS, run -- right into the arms of Flick and Squid!  They grab her RIPPING the BabyBjorn carrier from her chest, SHOVING her at Dingo and Proof. In seconds, Dingo and Proof have Abigail on the floor.  They're tearing away at her clothing, LAUGHING.
36) 8) dialog: jumps to her feet, shedding her coat and hat.  Long tress hair spill around her shoulders.  She's not mousy at all. fact, she's beautiful.  And cut like an Olympic athlete. equipped with a walking arsenal of weapons. Dingo SNARLS -- CRUNCH!  Abigail plants her heel in his f SMASHING IN his nose.  She does a cartwheel, KICKS him ag Follows that with flurry of PUNCHES.  He goes down as -- -- Flick and Squid come charging!  Squid gets her in a CH HOLD.  She FLIPS him over her shoulder, KICKING him in th nuts as he lands.  He curls up, GROANING -- Abigail turns back to Flick, ELBOWING him in the throat - -- then returns to Squid, ejecting a SILVER THROWING KNIF from a spring-loaded, automated dispenser strapped to her wrist.  She POPs the knife through Squid's chest.  He ASH
36) 10) dialog: Scream if this hurts, chica.
36) 12) text: Abigail turns, surveying her work.  The ashen remains of vampires are popping and crackling like campfire embers. thirty-seven seconds she's managed to eliminate them all. A train approaches, pulls into the station.  PASSENGERS disembark, flood the platform.  They tramp all over the a of the vampires, completely unaware of the recent slaught Abigail walks against the stream of traffic, boards the t She is the sole passenger as the train pulls away.
57) 7) text: Whistler?  Abigail spins, dispatching the last officer wi kick to the mid-section while tossing a PNEUMATIC INJECTO King.  He snatches it, places it in Blade's hands. Blade injects himself in the neck.  Moments later, he's reenergized.  He looks to King, clear-eyed.
57) 11) text: King massages his jaw, tossing Blade a pistol even as -- --        Grimwood rounds the corner, hungry for blood, T VAMPIRE ORDERLIES behind him. Blade FIRES round after round of EXPLOSIVE BULLETS, causi Grimwood and the others to fall back.  Blade and King mov joining Abigail.  MORE SMOKE, darkness, only the emergenc lights to illuminate the station.
57) 15) dialog: I can.
57) 16) text: As King and Blade lay down COVER FIRE, Abigail reaches be her, withdrawing a device that's been secured there.  She gives it a SNAP and it springs open, taking the shape of
57) 26) text: -- Abigail grabs King's shoulder, pulling him to the stai
57) 27) dialog: Forget it, King.  Let's move.
57) 32) text: The police close in around them, pinning the trio down wi FIREPOWER.  Yet King and Abigail seem unconcerned because
57) 36) text: Blade, King, and Abigail scramble into the back of the La Cruiser.  Dex reverses, backing out the way he came. The police from the squad cars are FIRING, but the Land Cruiser is armored and the bullets harmlessly SPARK off.
58) 0) text: In the backseat, Abigail looks through the rear windshiel
59) 0) text: Abigail leans out the rear window, nocking a non-UV arrow her bow.  She takes aim at Grimwood, lets the arrow fly - SHUNKT!  The arrow sinks into Grimwood's eye.  He goes do his somersaulting figure quickly receding into the backgr as the Land Cruiser speeds away.
60) 6) text: Abigail just stares back at Blade, silently appraising hi
63) 0) text: As the door grinds closed, the Land Cruiser stops.  King Abigail lead Blade through the darkness.  In the gloom we a half-dozen vehicles in various stages of being retrofit with armored panels and weaponry, etc.  SURVEILLANCE CAME mounted above track their progress.
63) 2) dialog: They did.  I'm the product of an earlier fling of my Dad's, born out of wedlock.  After the murders happened, he kept me hidden.  He wanted me safe.  Away from all of this -- (gesturing around them) -- but I guess hunting just runs in our blood.
63) 3) text: As King and Abigail lead Blade towards a stairway, Blade catches sight of --
63) 5) dialog: When I came of age, I tracked my Dad down, told him I wanted in. (beat, shrugging) Been doing it ever since.
64) 10) text: Abigail rids herself of her weapons -- bow, arrows, silve stakes and knives.  She hands her compound bow to Hedges.
64) 11) dialog: Tiller needs adjustment.
67) 8) dialog: We need to pool our resources, Blade.
67) 10) dialog: Because He's come back.
67) 17) dialog: Try six or seven thousand years.
71) 0) text: Back to King, holding court before Blade and Abigail.
83) 0) text: Sunlight slices down through skylights, bathing Blade, Ki Abigail, and Sommerfield in its warmth.  Zoe has joined t She's still cautious and shy, but she's also curious.
83) 2) dialog: That's what we've been trying to figure out.
83) 14) dialog: Bottom line is, we need a better DNA sample to work with. (beat) We need Dracula's blood.
86) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail stand before a table where an assortment of weaponry and ammunition has been laid out o display.  Hedges is there too, assisting them.  Zoe watch
86) 7) text: Next, Hedges shows Blade the CRESCENT-SHAPED DEVICE that Abigail used.  He gives the device a twist and --
87) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail, newly suited up for war, moving towards the Land Cruiser.
88) 0) text: Blade looks to Abigail, who sits in the back.  She has a laptop on her knees and is assembling an MP3 playlist.
88) 2) text: Finished, Abigail slips her earbuds into her ears, turns her portable MP3 player.  MUSIC CUE.  The smoking basslin Jurassic 5's 'A Day At The Races' kicks in as --
89) 0) text: -- Blade, King, and Abigail cruise the streets in a jagge fast-forward montage.
92) 0) text: --        STUMBLING right into Abigail's arms.  She trips swinging him around, pinning an arm behind him.  She pull back of his collar down, sees a VAMPIRE GLYPH -- We can't hear what the familiar is saying, but he's squea raising his hands in a "please don't hit me anymore" mann
94) 0) text: In quick succession we see a half-dozen underworld dives -- a pool hall -- -- an internet cafe -- -- an electronics repair shop -- All are fronts for vampire operations, featuring back roo with refrigerated blood and high-tech coffin-like beds wh the vampires can safely sleep through the day unmolested. In each new location, Blade, King, and Abigail resort to oldfashioned strong-arm tactics: -- Blade HEAD-BUTTS a familiar. -- King PUNCHES a familiar across the jaw. -- Abigail KICKS a familiar in the stomach. Cut to a flurry of EXTREME CLOSE-UPS of VAMPIRE GLYPHS be exposed on the backs of familiar's necks, one after anoth
95) 0) text: -- WHAM!  Blade tosses HOOP, a skinny familiar, off a roo It's a four story drop.  Hoop falls, SCREAMING -- but the jerks to a stop about twenty feet down, dangling upside d We see now that Hoop has rope tied around one of Hoop's ankles.  And Blade is clutching the other end of the rope Blade hauls Hoop back up -- but still keeps him dangling upside down.  King and Abigail look on.
98) 0) text: A high-tech office complex surrounded by meticulously-gro grounds.  A sign with a swanky "VANCE INSTITUTE" logo zoo Blade, King, and Abigail approach, taking note of Vance's Jaguar (complete with vanity plate), parked in front.
99) 6) text: Past the RECEPTION DESK are the elevators with more monit showing the video greeting.  As Blade, King, and Abigail approach, TWO SECURITY GUARDS move to intercept them.
102) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail storm in.  An EXECUTIVE ASSISTAN moving to stop them.
102) 2) text: Abigail KICKS out the man's knee, then slices her hand in his windpipe, silencing him.
103) 3) text: --        Blade aims his shotgun at Vance's head.  Vance smiles, seemingly unconcerned as -- --        Abigail circles around the other side, getting behind Vance's desk where --
103) 6) text: The Vance double jumps atop the desk and swats the muzzle Blade's shotgun aside, re-directing the BLAST, which SHAT a glass window.  Then he KICKS Blade in the chest, KNOCKI him clear across the office as -- --        King advances.  The Vance double's face WARPS, in his head shifting around.  He reaches for King, SLAMS onto the desk, TWISTS the stake from King's hand and brut SHOVING it into King's rib cage, pinning him to the desk Then the Vance double whirls around to engage Abigail -- we see that it's Drake now, having taken Vance's shape.
113) 2) text: Abigail ignores King, cuts open his shirt.  She removes a small aerosol cannister from her belt.
113) 4) dialog: Fibrin sealant foam, it's an elastic protein.  Help me spread the wound open. The foam should seal the hemorrhaging in his body cavity from within --
113) 7) dialog: Shut up, King.
113) 9) text: King's voice trails off as he passes out.  Abigail trigge the dispenser, spraying a jet of compressed foam into it. foam condenses, sealing the wound up.
114) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter the HQ, hauling King between them Dex and Hedges rush to meet them, relieving them of King. Exhausted and covered in blood, Abigail retires to her quarters, stripping off her clothes.
115) 0) text: Abigail stands beneath (he showerhead, turning her face u into the scalding spray, rinsing the blood from her body. CLOSE ON the drain by her feet, BLOOD swirling down it.  
117) 6) dialog: Doesn't do us any good if we don't have time to finish it.  We can't just sit here.  We need to take the battle to them.
121) 0) text: Sommerfield stands at her computers, reading a tactile Br display.  Blade and Abigail are nearby.
123) 0) text: Hendrix, the vampire doctor we saw earlier, sits at a com workstation.  Chief Vreede confers with him.  We hear a K at the door.  Hendrix looks to Vreede.  They obviously we expecting anyone. Hendrix moves to the door, checking a surveillance monito He can't see anyone outside.  He shrugs, turns to leave a CRUNCH!  The door is SMASHED inward, taking much of the d frame with it, flattening Hendrix. Blade and Abigail step inside.  As Blade hauls Hendrix up the ground, Abigail points her already drawn gun at --
123) 3) text: Blade nods to Abigail.  She reaches onto Vreede's jacket disarm him.  Blade grips Hendrix by the shirt collar.
123) 10) text: Hendrix shoots a quick look to Vreede.  Then he turns on Blade, all fangs and claws, trying to tear Blade's eyes o Abigail FIRES her UV gun with blinding speed and -- -- Hendrix is dead before he knows it.  ASHING all over B Blade brushes Hendrix' s remains from coat collar, shoots Abigail a look:  "Did you really have to do that?"
123) 12) text: Abigail cringes.  Mea culpa. Blade looks to the floor.  Aside from some cinders, all t remains of Hendrix are his glasses and a singed keycard.  Blade picks up the keycard, looks to Vreede.
124) 0) text: Blade, Abigail, and Vreede emerge into a cavernous room.
124) 1) dialog: God in Heaven --
124) 6) dialog: (sickened) But where did you get all these people?
124) 10) text: Abigail moves towards one of the pods, touching her hand the glass, studyihg the comatose person within.
124) 11) dialog: Are they aware?  Do they feel anything?
124) 21) text: Vreede turns and runs, stumbling towards the door.  Despi his promise, Blade lifts his MACH.  Without even looking Vreede's direction, Blade FIRES.  We hear Vreede drop. Blade turns to Abigail.  She can hardly contain herself. Nearby is a control console.  Blade UNLOADS his MACH pist into it, damaging the interlinked life support systems. One by one, the vital signs and EKGs on the pods flat-lin their warning tones rising into a collective, PIERCING WA
124) 23) text: Blade and Abigail leave, turning the lights out as they g
134) 0) text: The real Blade and Abigail are returning.  The sliding ga door opens and the Land Cruiser glides inside.
135) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter.  The place is dark.  They know instinctively that somethong is wrong. Blade tries a nearby light.  The power is out.  They both their weapons.  Blade turns on a FLASHLIGHT.  They move o the darkness -- SHADOWS loom everywhere.  It's like a tornado touched dow inside.  Equipment lies smashed, tables and chairs have b overturned.  Sommerfield's lab area has been destroyed.
135) 1) dialog: King --
135) 2) text: Blade and Abigail rush to the infirmary area, but King is and the place has been trashed.  They move into --
136) 1) dialog: (realizing) Zoe -- where's Zoe?
137) 0) text: With increased urgency, Blade and Abigail search the headquarters -- the bathroom, the garage, every nook and cranny.  With each moment, Abigail becomes more panicked.
137) 1) dialog: Where is she?!
138) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter.  A thin stream of BLOOD snakes i way across the shower tiles.  Taey follow it, discovering
138) 4) text: Abigail doesn't respond.  Her whole body is shaking.
138) 6) text: Abigail raises her head, her eyes filled with hatred.  Bl doesn't let up.  He's like a drill instructor, galvanizin with his words.
138) 8) text: Abigail lifts her head toward the heavens, letting loose TORTURED SCREAM that erupts from the very pit of her soul
139) 0) text: Abigail's SCREAM ECHOES over the moonlit cityscape.
141) 0) text: Abigail sits in her workshop area, restringing one of her bows.  Nearby is a table with an assortment of equipment bow press, vise stand, string jig, bow scales and wrench Across the way is a shooting range with a variety of targ set up, a wall of netting behind them to catch stray arro There's also a chronograph outfitted with a ballistic com to measure arrow speed. CLOSE ON Abigail's hands as she works with a quiet precsi re-setting the arrow rest, making minor adjustments to th center-shot position and wheel timing, etc.
141) 3) dialog: (brusque) I'll be fine.
141) 6) text: Abigail takes a deep breath, pausing in her work.
141) 7) dialog: It already has.  Since I can remember I've had this knife of sadness in my heart.  As long as it stays there, I'm strong.  I'm untouchable.  But the moment I pull it out -- (turning back to him) -- I'll die.
142) 0) text: Blade stands at the open entrance.  Abigail steps out.  L like she's made peace with herself for the moment.
143) 3) dialog: We told you, Blade.  We operate in sleeper cells.  When one goes down, a new cell activates to pick up the slack.
145) 0) text: Caulder unlocks an accordion security gate, opens the doo He leads Blade and Abigail through the darkened aisles. are fish tanks on either side, aerators BUBBLING, aquatic animals of every kind swimming about.
145) 9) text: The video cuts to STATIC.  Abigail turns off the monitor, looking to Blade.  God only knows what he's thinking.
151) 3) dialog: You alright?
151) 5) text: Abigail hits the release switch on the high-tech pillory the cuffs around his wrists open.  As Abigail helps King
151) 6) dialog: Zoe --
151) 8) text: Abigail nods, handing King her pistol.  Then she's out th door.  Seconds later, King follows --
152) 0) text: Abigail pauses, slipping her earbuds in, turning on her M player.  The bumping-strains of Fluke's Absurd track kick Abigail uncilps her UV arc, telescopes it outward and -- -- suddenly it's like we're in a first-person shooter vid game.  She moves through the corridors with mathematical precision, feeling the MUSIC in her bones, slicing throug every vampire she encounters with deadly efficiency.
154) 0) text: Abigail enters, SEES Zoe.  TWO VAMPIRES GUARDS stand near In a flash, Abigail flings TWO SILVER STAKES at them.  Bo stakes hit their mark and the vamps crumple to ASH. Abigail hurries over, SHOOTS apart the lock on Zoe's shac Zoe wraps her arms around Abigail, hugging her tight.  Ab takes Zoe by the hand, pulling her towards the door.
154) 1) dialog: Come on, hon.  Let's get you out of here.
161) 0) text: Abigail emerges onto the gallery with Zoe.  She spots an alcove, indicates that Zoe should hide.  Then she slips a silver stake into Zoe's hand.  Just in case. Abigail rushes to the handrail, looking down at Blade and Drake.  Her view is obscured.  She can't get a good shot.
163) 0) text: Abigail moves down the gallery, looks up --
164) 0) text: Back to Abigail.  She's breathing heavily, trying to call new reserves of strength.  She glances down -- Big mistake. She forces herself to look back up.  She swings herself pendulum-style, manages to snag yet another crosspiece.
168) 0) text: King has bought Abigail more time.  She swings her body forward, hooking her legs over the next crosspiece.  Then lets go with her hands.  Now she is hanging upside down, secured only by the tension in her calves. Abigail reaches behind her, removes her bow.  BLOOD from wounded shoulder drips down over her collar bone, reachin cheek, briefly obscuring her vision.  She wipes it away. she reaches back once more and -- -- because her quiver is pointed downward, a number of ar slide out. Abigail panics, twisting her body -- -- managing to lust barely snag the ~la~ue arrow as it tu Past her! Beat.  Abigail shuts her eyes, trying to find her center. With her eyes closed, she nocks the arrow and draws the b back.  Then she opens her eyes. She's only going to get one shot -- and she's going to ha take it while hanging upside down. 168 a       ABIGAIL'S POV On Drake and Blade below, locked in combat.  She tracks t progress, waits for Drake to move into a better position
170) 0) text: ON ABIGAIL.  Waiting.  More blood has trickled down her n into her eyes.  But she can't wipe them anymore.  She's already got her bow drawn.  She's committed to the shot. We can hear ABIGAIL'S HEARTBEAT as she settles.  She take final breath, holds it -- and lets the plague arrow fly.
171) 20) dialog: Blade!
171) 22) dialog: BLADE!!!
172) 1) dialog: It didn't take long for the authorities to arrive.
175) 1) dialog: When they got there, all of Drake's people were dead.
175) 3) dialog: In the weeks that followed, the rest of the world's vampires also perished. (beat) We'd finally won.
176) 2) dialog: And Blade?  Cumberland and Hale finally got their body --
176) 4) dialog: -- but it wasn't the one they were banking on.
176) 7) dialog: The virus didn't kill Blade.  But the authorities very well could have.  So in the end, realizing that own his people were doomed, Drake decided to give Blade a gift.
176) 8) text: (beat) ABIGAIL (CONT Ã”D) By taking Blade's shape, he bought Blade enough time to escape.  Offering Blade a second chance at life - -
177) 1) dialog: And so Blade took it.
177) 3) dialog: We never saw him again.
177) 6) dialog: He disappeared completely. (beat) But that's what heroes do.  They simply fade out.  And in this way --
177) 8) dialog: -- they become legends.
180) 2) text: The door to the men's room EXPLODES OPEN.  Abigail comes flying out.  She hits the far wall of the hallway, slides th floor.  But she's up in an instant, pulling a knife on