4) 4) text: One by one, the others remove their helmets.  All vampire GRIMWOOD (30s), a hulking vampire with an imposing physiq and an even more imposing set of surgical steel teeth/fan ASHER (4Os), a natural-born leader with easygoing charism WOLFE (30s), quiet and deliberative.  Right now he's read a portable ground-penetrating radar unit. Grimwood studies the writing on the walls.
4) 9) dialog: I don't know, Dan.  Seems like another dead-end.
4) 14) dialog: Is that a body --?
4) 19) dialog: Radio back-up.  See if they can open it from the other --
5) 3) dialog: Nothing.  Just sitting there since we brought him here.
7) 0) text: WHOOSH!  The vault doors open and Danica stumbles out, al falling into Asher's arms.  She's bone-white and there ar fresh BITE MARKS on her throat, BLOOD staining her shirt.
51) 0) text: Asher, Danica, and Grimwood enter, followed by FOUR VAMPI dressed as orderlies.  The orderlies carry a straightjack various restraints, and a collapsible transport gurney. Danica approaches the DESK SERGEANT, flashing a hospital
55) 0) text: An elevator door opens.  Asher, Danica, and Grimwood exit followed by the orderlies who are now wheeling the gurney they move down the corridor, they pass -- -- Cumberland and Hale, who are chasing down Chief Vreede
56) 8) text: Danica motions to the two vampire orderlies.  They step forward with the straight-jacket, start to put it on Blad Blade THRASHES madly.  Asher LAUGHS, enjoying this.
56) 16) text: The lights go out.  Immediately, backup lights come on, followed by FIRE ALARMS.  In the ensuing confusion ~ both pistols at Asher, who drops, allowing one of the vampire orderlies behind him to take the hit.
66) 0) text: An impressively decorated loft bespeaking of money, power a certain perverse esthetic.  Danica slams her fist strai through the wall, then spins around, enraged. Asher and Grimwood are there too, their wounds being trea by Hendrix and a VAMPIRE TECHNICIAN.  At tie moment, they trying to remove the arrow protruding from Grimwood's eye An enormous ROTTWEILER sits nearby, attentively watching. TRIO OF GUARDS flinch with every act of violence. Danica strong.  Clearly, no one wants to get in her way.
66) 2) text: Asher raises his hands as if to say "no harm, no foul".  Danica continues her tantrum, SMASHING a statue apart, SHATTERING a heavy glass tabletop.  Finally, she gives it rest, collapsing into a chair, shoulders sagging.
66) 3) dialog: You through remodeling?
66) 5) dialog: Face it, Dan.  We got caught with our pants down.  We underestimated the Nightstalkers.
66) 7) text: Grimwood GRUNTS in pain as the arrow is removed.  Asher broaches a more serious subject.
66) 8) dialog: Has he been told yet?
67) 2) text: King reaches out to a keyboard, calling up a piece of surveillance footage on a nearby monitor.  The footage features Asher and Danica and Grimwood.  It's been slowed near standstill and now advances frame by frame.
140) 5) text: -- Grimwood appears from off-screen, LAUGHING, pulling th animal back.  We see Danica and Asher now as well.
140) 7) dialog: His name's Beau.  We've been experimenting with porting the vampire gene over into other species.
140) 8) text: As Asher pets the rottweiler, its muzzle closes back up a It looks up at him, panting happily, tongue lolling.
148) 0) text: WHACK!  Grimwood PUNCHES King, whose body sags, weakened the beatings he has undergone.  Asher and Danica look on.
148) 2) dialog: Nobody's coming for you, King.
148) 8) text: Grimwood looks to Asher and Danica, unsure.
148) 20) text: Behind Danica, Grimwood and Asher both COUGH. King lifts his bruised face, staring up at Danica through blood-shrouded eyes.  For the first time, we get a sense his true hatred for her.
149) 0) text: ALARMS are ringing.  Asher and Danica rush down the hall, trying not to breathe the silver-contaminated air.  We SE other vampires staggering from doorways, COUGHING, GAGGIN
167) 0) text: King loads a sun dog into his pistol, steadies his aim on railing, and FIRES at Asher --