9) 2) text: as a FORMIDABLE FIGURE resolves out of the swirling flame It's Blade, striding towards us in slow-motion, body bris with weapons, the exaggerated sounds of his FOOTFALLS rin out like drums of doom. He looks like the God of War.  WHOOSH!  We ramp back up t real-time.  Then faster as -- -- a TRIO OF VAMPIRE LOW-LIFES (STONE, GEDGE, and CAMPBEL run for their lives towards their vehicles.  TWO MODIFIED STREET RACING CARS are pulling out; a Mustang and an Eagl Talon.  Gedge is climbing into the Talon even as it start move, pulling the door shut.  At the same time -- -- Stone and Campbell climb atop two stretched and lowere hardtail chopper cycles.  Blade starts forward, drawing t his custom MACH pistols, but -- --        the Mustang comes SCREAMING IN REVERSE TOWARDS Blade makes a SUPER-HUMAN LEAP over the speeding car.  Momentarily upside down, he FIRES through the windshield engine block as he flips.  Within the car, the vampires A The Mustang EXPLODES.  flipping over and -- --        Blade, now facing frontward again, continues to lands, aiming at --
10) 2) dialog: Whistler!  I'm on the Stonebridge overpass at Clemons --
10) 4) text: Blade dodges past a HONKING car, stepping onto and over t trunk, then leaps atop the safety rail of the overpass as
11) 0) text: Blade LAUNCHES HIMSELF into the air.  He lands atop the s then tumbles, nearly slipping off the edge as he -- -- snags one of the safety cables atop the trailer!  He dangles above the asphalt then SWINGS himself into the op back of the trailer.  We HOLD for a beat, then hear the THUNDERCLAP of a high-performance ENGINE turning over as
12) 0) text: As cars continue to brake and COLLIDE around him, Blade p the pedal to the metal once again.  The Charger accelerat tachometer red-lining as Blade pulls alongside the cab of big-rig, catching a glimpse of --
14) 0) text: Blade gives his car another jolt of nitrous.  The Charger SURGES FORWARD as Stone and Campbell fall back, veering t either side.  Now Blade is ahead of them.  He checks thei position in his rear-view mirror, then stands on the brak
15) 0) text: The Charger drops from a hundred to fifty in a heart beat causing Stone and Campbell to rear-end Blade. The vamps are ejected over the handle bars of their bikes crash-test dummies.  Stone SMASHES through Blade's back windshield, continuing into the front seat-- -- while Campbell tumbles over Blade's roof and across hi hood, somehow managing to cling to one of the windshield wipers at the last minute.
16) 0) text: Blade clutches the wheel.  He's got a HOWLING vampire in front seat, upside down, covered in windshield fragments another perched on his hood, obscuring his vision. Stone tries to right himself, clawing at Blade.  Blade struggles, keeping one hand on the wheel while he -- --        reaches for a shotgun secured between the seats FIRES.  As the vampire ASHES, Blade hits a button on the The passenger door opens, spills Stone onto the road --
19) 0) text: -- and we're back in Blade's Charger as Campbell continue HAMMER away at the windshield.  The windshield spiderwebs Campbell manages to get a clawed hand through -- Blade swings his shotgun over, shoving it in Campbell's snarling mouth.  He pulls the trigger -- BOOM!  Campbell's CINDER-REMAINS blow over the cracked windshield.  Blade hits the wipers, spritzes window clean but the mess turns to ashen sludge.  making the view wors
20) 0) text: The Talor is up ahead, weaving in and out of traffic.  Fighting to see, Blade accelerates, gaining ground -- The VAMPIRE DRIVER leans out of his own wihdow, looking b at Blade, FIRING an AUTOMATIC PISTOL --
21) 0) text: Blade's windshield, already weakened by Campbell, SHATTER blowing glass fragments all over him.  Undaunted, Blade c reaches for his dash, hitting a button labeled "UV".
24) 0) text: --        Blade SLAMS his charger into the Talon.  The ca lock, grinding SPARKS.  Then they disengage.  Blade jerks steering wheel, gives the Talon ANOTHER SLAM. The Talon hits the curb, riding halfway up onto a sidewal PLOWING DOWN newspaper vending machines and table-top dis piled with cheap wares, then a phone booth, a food cart.  PEDESTRIANS duck for cover and -- -- the Talon gets some serious air, ROLLING onto its side it comes back to earth.
25) 2) dialog: Staked you with silver.  Why aren't you ash?
25) 5) text: Gedge tugs at his fangs.  They're fake, PROSTHETIC.  Gedg looking past Blade.  Blade turns, looking up --
26) 0) text: Blade's Charger pulls up to a boat house at the water's e Blade climbs out, disappears inside.
27) 0) text: New digs.  Built into the decaying boat house, retrofitte Blade's combat needs.  Blade is taking off his body armor tossing weapons onto a work table.  He's frustrated.
27) 1) dialog: How should I know?  He was human.
30) 2) text: The IMAGE FREEZES.  We hear the clatter of KEYBOARD KEYS pan over to an adjacent computer monitor where a series o VIDEO CAPTURES of the event flash by us in slide-show mod AGENT RAY CUMBLERLAND studies the screen.  Ray is a caree agent.  Dedicated and dogged to the point of annoyance, utterly humorless.  His office is cramped and institution devoid of any personal touches.  It's also overflowing wi files, photographs, and charts concerning Blade and Whist
30) 6) text: WILSON HALE (20s), Ray's subordinate, rushes in, excited. stands, ripping down a photo of Blade and Whistler.
33) 0) text: CLOSE ON the tabloid as Whistler slaps it down on a workb WIDEN to include Whistler and Blade.
33) 2) dialog: Like I care?
33) 4) dialog: Didn't realize this was a popularity contest.
33) 7) dialog: You worry too much, old man.
38) 0) text: Blade sits before a small Buddhist shrine, meditating.  Incense burns.  His sword rests in a ceremonial holder. silence punctuated by the intermittent ocean swell outsid
39) 0) text: Blade creeps into the outer room, sword drawn. NOISE behind him, turns to see --
39) 3) dialog: What you've been worrying about.
41) 0) text: Blade BRAWLS with a half-dozen agents, sending them flyin all directions.  He grabs one agent, HEAD-BUTTS him, THRO him into the path of two others -- Then he reaches for another, THROWING him THROUGH a windo the rear, out into the river which runs below --
43) 0) text: Whistler keeps moving.  An agent gets a clear shot at him FIRES -- Whistler is hit in the chest. Blade SEES Whistler take the hit, but he's cut off from t old man, being swarmed by agents --
43) 1) dialog: WHISTLER!
44) 2) text: An FBI AGENT raises a CODA net gun atop his shoulder, tak aim.  BA-BANG!  Four projectiles expand out from the barr carrying a STEEL NET which has been strung between them. The netting hits Blade, wrapping around him, restricting movements.  Immediately, a small army of agents DIVE on t him, PUMMELING AWAY, trying to beat him into submission -
46) 0) text: CLOUDS OF FIRE and FLAMING DEBRIS MUSHROOM OUTWARD, catch all unawares, sweeping them up off their feet with a hurr force.  In the midst of the conflagration -- -- Blade briefly manages to tear free of his captors --
46) 1) dialog: WHISTLER!!!
47) 0) text: FADE IN.  We are CLOSE ON Blade's perspiration-beaded fac His eyelids flutter as he slowly regains consciousness.
47) 2) text: PULL BACK.  We are in a room with a one-way mirrored wind Blade sits, hands cuffed behind him, BRIGHT LIGHTS shinin down on him.  He looks disoriented, battered.  Very weak. Cumberland and Hale are sitting across from Blade.
47) 3) dialog: Who --?
47) 5) dialog: Whistler --
47) 7) text: Blade shuts his eyes -- as if he could just wish them awa
47) 9) dialog: Those were familiars -- people who worked for them --
47) 20) text: Blade just stares daggers at Vance.
47) 22) dialog: An ass-hole.
48) 0) text: On the other side of the mirror, Cumberland and Hale have joined Chief Vreede.  We hear Blade and Vance via speaker
48) 1) dialog: There's nothing to tell.  They exist.
49) 2) text: Blade just glares at Vance.
49) 4) text: Blade glares.  If he escapes, he's going to kill this guy
52) 4) text: Vance reaches for Blade's arm.  Blade struggles, tries to back, but Vance manages to inject him nonetheless.
52) 6) dialog: (realizing) You're with them -- a familiar --
52) 8) text: Vance extends his arm, pulling back his shirt cuff a litt reveal a VAMPIRE GLYPH tattooed on the underside of his w Then he pulls his cuff back down, smiles at Blade.
52) 10) text: Blade looks to the one-way mirror, SCREAMS.
52) 11) dialog: He's one of them!  Damnit, he's working for them!
53) 0) text: On the other side of the glass, Blade looks like a raging lunatic.  Vance enters.  He extends his hand to Vreede. They shake.  As they do so, we SEE a vampire GLYPH on the inside of Vreede's wrist as well.  Another familiar.
54) 0) text: Blade stares at his own reflection in the mirror.  He bli trying to focus -- but the drug is starting to kick in.
56) 0) text: Blade struggles, in the full throes of the drug now.
56) 6) text: Blade tries to LUNGE from his chair at her and -- WHACK! Grimwood punches Blade across the jaw.  A brutal blow.
56) 8) text: Danica motions to the two vampire orderlies.  They step forward with the straight-jacket, start to put it on Blad Blade THRASHES madly.  Asher LAUGHS, enjoying this.
56) 20) text: King drags Blade to the door --
57) 2) text: King FIRES into the room behind him, then pulls a GRENADE secured to a bandolier and tosses it through the doorway An EXPLOSION rocks the interrogation room, filling the corridor with smoke, knocking Cumberland and Hale back. King turns his attention to Blade's handcuffs, FIRING bet them, freeing Blade's hands.  Blade collapses against the wall.  He's shaking, close to passing out.
57) 4) text: King drags Blade up.  They continue down the corridor to
57) 7) text: Whistler?  Abigail spins, dispatching the last officer wi kick to the mid-section while tossing a PNEUMATIC INJECTO King.  He snatches it, places it in Blade's hands. Blade injects himself in the neck.  Moments later, he's reenergized.  He looks to King, clear-eyed.
57) 9) text: Blade responds by PUNCHING King across the jaw.
57) 10) dialog: Call me that again and I'll give you fucking brain damage.
57) 11) text: King massages his jaw, tossing Blade a pistol even as -- --        Grimwood rounds the corner, hungry for blood, T VAMPIRE ORDERLIES behind him. Blade FIRES round after round of EXPLOSIVE BULLETS, causi Grimwood and the others to fall back.  Blade and King mov joining Abigail.  MORE SMOKE, darkness, only the emergenc lights to illuminate the station.
57) 14) dialog: I can't shoot around corners!
57) 16) text: As King and Blade lay down COVER FIRE, Abigail reaches be her, withdrawing a device that's been secured there.  She gives it a SNAP and it springs open, taking the shape of
57) 22) dialog: (as King and Abigail freeze) My sword.  They still have it.
57) 24) text: But Blade is already heading back the way they came and -
57) 30) dialog: Now we can go.
57) 36) text: Blade, King, and Abigail scramble into the back of the La Cruiser.  Dex reverses, backing out the way he came. The police from the squad cars are FIRING, but the Land Cruiser is armored and the bullets harmlessly SPARK off.
60) 4) dialog: Who are you people?
60) 6) text: Abigail just stares back at Blade, silently appraising hi
60) 8) text: King reaches into an inner pocket, pulls out a pack of gu He selects a stick, offers one to Blade.
63) 0) text: As the door grinds closed, the Land Cruiser stops.  King Abigail lead Blade through the darkness.  In the gloom we a half-dozen vehicles in various stages of being retrofit with armored panels and weaponry, etc.  SURVEILLANCE CAME mounted above track their progress.
63) 1) dialog: I thought the vampires murdered Whistler's family.
63) 3) text: As King and Abigail lead Blade towards a stairway, Blade catches sight of --
64) 2) dialog: (looking around) How do you bankroll this place?
64) 8) dialog: You sound like rejects from a Saturday morning cartoon.
64) 13) text: Blade examines some of the equipment being developed.
64) 14) dialog: How many of you are there total?
64) 16) dialog: Sorry.  Never been much of a team player.
64) 20) dialog: And what makes you think you know so much about killing vampires?
67) 0) text: CLOSE ON King buttoning his collar back up.  Blade, Abiga and Sommerfield are gathered around him.
67) 9) dialog: Why?
67) 11) text: King tosses a TOMB OF DRACULA comic book over to Blade. glances at the cover, then looks at them, incredulous.
67) 12) dialog: You gotta be kidding me.
67) 14) dialog: (incredulous) So the movies are true?
67) 16) dialog: How early?
67) 18) text: Off Blade's astonished look we --
71) 0) text: Back to King, holding court before Blade and Abigail.
83) 0) text: Sunlight slices down through skylights, bathing Blade, Ki Abigail, and Sommerfield in its warmth.  Zoe has joined t She's still cautious and shy, but she's also curious.
83) 1) dialog: Why wake up Drake now?
83) 4) text: Blade nods, pensive.
83) 6) dialog: Like what?
83) 12) dialog: So what's been holding you back?
86) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail stand before a table where an assortment of weaponry and ammunition has been laid out o display.  Hedges is there too, assisting them.  Zoe watch
86) 2) text: King tosses Blade a bullet.  He studies it -- it's more complex than a standard round.
86) 3) dialog: Explosive rounds?
86) 7) text: Next, Hedges shows Blade the CRESCENT-SHAPED DEVICE that Abigail used.  He gives the device a twist and --
86) 13) dialog: How?
87) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail, newly suited up for war, moving towards the Land Cruiser.
87) 1) dialog: Time to apply some pressure.  The weak link in the vampire chain of command has always been their familiars.  Vampires can't go out in the day, so they get humans to do their dirty work for them Blood-running, safe house maintenance, whatever -- (climbing in the Cruiser) We bleed the wanna-be vampires, they'll lead us to the real thing.
87) 2) text: Blade starts the ENGINE.
88) 0) text: Blade looks to Abigail, who sits in the back.  She has a laptop on her knees and is assembling an MP3 playlist.
89) 0) text: -- Blade, King, and Abigail cruise the streets in a jagge fast-forward montage.
91) 0) text: BANG!  Blade KICKS open the door.  A couple of LOW-LIFES notice.  Blade moves around the bar, opening a refrigerat we see packs of REFRIGERATED BLOOD inside. One of the low-lifes takes off running, back past the bathroom, shouldering a door at the rear --
94) 0) text: In quick succession we see a half-dozen underworld dives -- a pool hall -- -- an internet cafe -- -- an electronics repair shop -- All are fronts for vampire operations, featuring back roo with refrigerated blood and high-tech coffin-like beds wh the vampires can safely sleep through the day unmolested. In each new location, Blade, King, and Abigail resort to oldfashioned strong-arm tactics: -- Blade HEAD-BUTTS a familiar. -- King PUNCHES a familiar across the jaw. -- Abigail KICKS a familiar in the stomach. Cut to a flurry of EXTREME CLOSE-UPS of VAMPIRE GLYPHS be exposed on the backs of familiar's necks, one after anoth
95) 0) text: -- WHAM!  Blade tosses HOOP, a skinny familiar, off a roo It's a four story drop.  Hoop falls, SCREAMING -- but the jerks to a stop about twenty feet down, dangling upside d We see now that Hoop has rope tied around one of Hoop's ankles.  And Blade is clutching the other end of the rope Blade hauls Hoop back up -- but still keeps him dangling upside down.  King and Abigail look on.
95) 1) dialog: Want another spin, ass-hole?  Eventually, your head's gonna pop off.
95) 3) dialog: Who's your handler?
95) 5) text: Blade prepares to drop Hoop again -- -- but a CELL PHONE in Hoop's jacket RINGS.  Blade fishes out.  The screen reads:  EDGAR VANCE, 555-5631.
96) 0) text: Dr. Vance, the psychiatrist who gave Blade the mental evaluation, is cruising in his Pacific Blue XKB convertib Jaguar.  He's wearing sunglasses, talking on his cell pho
97) 0) text: Blade ends the call, then looks to Hoop, smiling cruelly. Blade lets Hoop drop.  The familiar PLUNGES four stories, SCREAMING.  Lands dead-center in a Goodwill box below.
98) 0) text: A high-tech office complex surrounded by meticulously-gro grounds.  A sign with a swanky "VANCE INSTITUTE" logo zoo Blade, King, and Abigail approach, taking note of Vance's Jaguar (complete with vanity plate), parked in front.
98) 2) text: As Blade walks off --
99) 4) text: The image cuts to Vance himself, poised on the edge of hi desk, smiling.  As Blade and company move through the institute, the video plays counterpoint to their progress
99) 6) text: Past the RECEPTION DESK are the elevators with more monit showing the video greeting.  As Blade, King, and Abigail approach, TWO SECURITY GUARDS move to intercept them.
99) 8) text: CRACK!  Blade effortlessly tosses the guards aside, sendi them CRASHING into the nearest monitors.
101) 0) text: -- nearly colliding with TWO MORE SECURITY GUARDS.  Blade takes them both out.  There's another video monitor.
102) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail storm in.  An EXECUTIVE ASSISTAN moving to stop them.
102) 4) text: Blade aims his shotgun at the door leading to Vance's off He FIRES at the keycard lock, KICKS down the door --
103) 2) dialog: Payback, Vance.
103) 3) text: --        Blade aims his shotgun at Vance's head.  Vance smiles, seemingly unconcerned as -- --        Abigail circles around the other side, getting behind Vance's desk where --
103) 6) text: The Vance double jumps atop the desk and swats the muzzle Blade's shotgun aside, re-directing the BLAST, which SHAT a glass window.  Then he KICKS Blade in the chest, KNOCKI him clear across the office as -- --        King advances.  The Vance double's face WARPS, in his head shifting around.  He reaches for King, SLAMS onto the desk, TWISTS the stake from King's hand and brut SHOVING it into King's rib cage, pinning him to the desk Then the Vance double whirls around to engage Abigail -- we see that it's Drake now, having taken Vance's shape.
103) 8) dialog: gives chase.  He looks out the window, SEES Drake landing the ground, some three stories below.
104) 0) text: Drake runs with inhuman speed.  He effortlessly scales a link fence, then BARRELS straight through a wooden barric sailing over a trash dumpster.  Seconds later, Blade foll catching sight of Drake rushing out into --
106) 1) dialog: jumping onto the hood of another car. More HORNS sound.
106) 2) text: In this manner. Drake and Blade race across the flowing traffic itself. using the hoods and roofs of the cars lik moving stepping stones.
107) 0) text: Blade is on Drake like a shadow.  We're internal now, the sound of Blade's LABORED BREATH moving to the foreground the soundscape. Chaos.  A BARKING DOG darting from a doorway.  Up ahead, OLD MAN has been knocked over.  An insane dash up two fli of stairs, then down a corridor, passing MORE TENANTS.  Somewhere, a WOMAN SCREAMS.  We hear GLASS BREAKING and -
108) 0) text: -- Blade tears into an apartment, passing a HYSTERICAL WO an upended crib.  He SEES a broken window by a fire escap
109) 0) text: Cut onto the fire escape.  A glimpse of Drake overhead. Blade clambers up the fire escape, moving in a near-blur. story of steps up the rickety metal ladder -- SMASH!  A LARGE PLANTER comes down from above, nearly str Blade.  He lets go with one hand, swings outward -- -- then he's climbing again.  A CLOUD OF PIGEONS take win flapping frenetically about him, momentarily blinding him Another story, a third, a fourth.  As he reaches the top, Blade jumps, catching the edge of the roof above him --
110) 2) text: Blade spins --
110) 6) dialog: Why did you kill Vance?
110) 8) text: Drake nods at Blade's sword --
111) 0) text: Drake in his armor, head to head with a 14th century VAMP HUNTER.  The hunter has BLADE'S SWORD.  Drake tears the s from the hunter's grasp, turns it around, thrusts it back through the man's chest.  And as the man GASPS we are --
112) 2) dialog: I wouldn't know about that.
112) 4) text: Blade pauses, looking for some kind of opening.
112) 5) dialog: How can you exist in the daylight?
112) 7) dialog: (realizing) That's why they brought you back.
112) 11) dialog: You're not immortal.  I must've heard a hundred of you people make the same claim.  And every one of them's seen the end of my sword.
112) 14) text: Drake tosses the infant at Blade.  Blade twists around to catch it, scooping it safely up.  But when he looks back -- Drake is gone.
113) 0) text: CLOSE ON King being propped up against the wall by Abigai Blade has joined them.  King is in terrible pain.
113) 3) dialog: What's that?
114) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter the HQ, hauling King between them Dex and Hedges rush to meet them, relieving them of King. Exhausted and covered in blood, Abigail retires to her quarters, stripping off her clothes.
116) 0) text: King drowses on a cot.  His shirt is off and his chest ha been bandaged.  He opens his eyes, SEES Blade above him.
117) 0) text: Later, Sommerfield and Hedges consult with Blade and Abig
117) 2) dialog: (noddin) -- and we need his blood to kill them. (to Sommerfield) How's this weapon of yours coming along?
120) 0) text: CLOSE ON a pneumatic injector.  PULL BACK to reveal Blade injecting himself with his serum.  No pain.  No violent s like before.  Blade's body now accepts the serum.
120) 3) dialog: There's something bad inside of me.  This keeps it from getting out.
120) 6) dialog: Good question.
121) 0) text: Sommerfield stands at her computers, reading a tactile Br display.  Blade and Abigail are nearby.
121) 2) dialog: We'll check it out.
123) 0) text: Hendrix, the vampire doctor we saw earlier, sits at a com workstation.  Chief Vreede confers with him.  We hear a K at the door.  Hendrix looks to Vreede.  They obviously we expecting anyone. Hendrix moves to the door, checking a surveillance monito He can't see anyone outside.  He shrugs, turns to leave a CRUNCH!  The door is SMASHED inward, taking much of the d frame with it, flattening Hendrix. Blade and Abigail step inside.  As Blade hauls Hendrix up the ground, Abigail points her already drawn gun at --
123) 2) dialog: Doing a little moonlighting, Chief?
123) 3) text: Blade nods to Abigail.  She reaches onto Vreede's jacket disarm him.  Blade grips Hendrix by the shirt collar.
123) 4) dialog: C'mere.  We need to talk.
123) 5) text: Blade PUNCHES Hendrix in the face.  Hendrix sags for a mo stunned.
123) 6) dialog: Now spill it, bite-boy.
123) 8) text: Blade nods towards the back of the lab where another door very secure one -- is located.
123) 9) dialog: What's back there?
123) 10) text: Hendrix shoots a quick look to Vreede.  Then he turns on Blade, all fangs and claws, trying to tear Blade's eyes o Abigail FIRES her UV gun with blinding speed and -- -- Hendrix is dead before he knows it.  ASHING all over B Blade brushes Hendrix' s remains from coat collar, shoots Abigail a look:  "Did you really have to do that?"
123) 11) dialog: (dryly) Thanks.
123) 12) text: Abigail cringes.  Mea culpa. Blade looks to the floor.  Aside from some cinders, all t remains of Hendrix are his glasses and a singed keycard.  Blade picks up the keycard, looks to Vreede.
123) 13) dialog: What's behind Door Number One?
123) 15) dialog: (an evil grin) So will I.  But I'll enjoy it more.
123) 16) text: Vreede nods.  They move towards the door.  Blade slides t security card.  An inset light changes from RED to GREEN. Vreede punches in a numeric code.  The doors slide open -
124) 0) text: Blade, Abigail, and Vreede emerge into a cavernous room.
124) 3) dialog: What was this place?
124) 8) text: Blade shakes his head, admiring the horrible efficiency.
124) 9) dialog: The vampire Final Solution.
124) 13) text: Blade angrily SLAMS Vreede's face against one of the pods
124) 14) dialog: Look at this!  Is this the future you want?  You think there's a place for you in their world?
124) 17) text: Blade pulls Vreede back so they're nose to nose --
124) 18) dialog: There's me.
124) 19) text: -- and Blade releases Vreede.
124) 20) dialog: Go.  You've got thirty seconds.
124) 21) text: Vreede turns and runs, stumbling towards the door.  Despi his promise, Blade lifts his MACH.  Without even looking Vreede's direction, Blade FIRES.  We hear Vreede drop. Blade turns to Abigail.  She can hardly contain herself. Nearby is a control console.  Blade UNLOADS his MACH pist into it, damaging the interlinked life support systems. One by one, the vital signs and EKGs on the pods flat-lin their warning tones rising into a collective, PIERCING WA
124) 22) dialog: (feeling a heavy weight) Let's go.
124) 23) text: Blade and Abigail leave, turning the lights out as they g
134) 0) text: The real Blade and Abigail are returning.  The sliding ga door opens and the Land Cruiser glides inside.
135) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter.  The place is dark.  They know instinctively that somethong is wrong. Blade tries a nearby light.  The power is out.  They both their weapons.  Blade turns on a FLASHLIGHT.  They move o the darkness -- SHADOWS loom everywhere.  It's like a tornado touched dow inside.  Equipment lies smashed, tables and chairs have b overturned.  Sommerfield's lab area has been destroyed.
135) 2) text: Blade and Abigail rush to the infirmary area, but King is and the place has been trashed.  They move into --
137) 0) text: With increased urgency, Blade and Abigail search the headquarters -- the bathroom, the garage, every nook and cranny.  With each moment, Abigail becomes more panicked.
138) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter.  A thin stream of BLOOD snakes i way across the shower tiles.  Taey follow it, discovering
138) 3) dialog: Use it.
138) 5) dialog: (more firmly) Use it.
138) 7) dialog: USE IT!!!
141) 1) dialog: appears in the doorway, watching her.
141) 2) dialog: You alright?
141) 4) text: Blade nods.  He's going to leave her alone -- but then he hesitates, wrestling to say something.
141) 5) dialog: Don't let it turn inward.
141) 8) text: Blade nods.  He understands all too well.  He leaves.
142) 0) text: Blade stands at the open entrance.  Abigail steps out.  L like she's made peace with herself for the moment.
143) 1) dialog: Where are you taking us?
145) 0) text: Caulder unlocks an accordion security gate, opens the doo He leads Blade and Abigail through the darkened aisles. are fish tanks on either side, aerators BUBBLING, aquatic animals of every kind swimming about.
145) 9) text: The video cuts to STATIC.  Abigail turns off the monitor, looking to Blade.  God only knows what he's thinking.
146) 0) text: We hear the RUMBLE of two motorcycles.  Blade emerges fro alley astride his signature Ducati ST2 crotch-rocket.  Ab appears a moment later on her own customized bike. Blade revs his engine.  Then the two bikes take off.
151) 0) text: On the lower level, Blade and Grimwood are going at it.
153) 0) text: Blade unsheathes his sword.  He parries two combatants wi clubs, then whirls around, DEFLECTING a GUNSHOT from a th with the flat of his sword. Grimwood is furious.  His men are tripping all over themselves.  He grabs an antique battle axe that's secure the wall.  He sees an opening, SWINGS at Blade's head -- -- Blade drops and the axe slices through one of Grimwood own men. In an eye-blink, Blade is up again, advancing.  He cuts d another familiar, pushes forward, cuts oown a second -- Now Blade and Grimwood are face to face.  Grimwood swings axe again.  Blade hooks his sword beneath it, FLIPPING it Grimwood's hands. Blade sweeps his sword around in a wide arc, CUTTING stra through Grimwood's mid-section.  The upper half of Grimwo body topples away -- -- then he rights himself.  A half-vampire.  He's still a running forward on his hands, trailing viscera.  He SPRIN at Blade, all claws and gnashing teeth. Blade catches Grimwood by the throat, whirls him around - --  and manages to IMPALE what's left of Grimwood with hi sword-point.  Grimwood ASHES in Blade's arms.  The only t left are his steel teeth, which CLATTER to the floor at Blade's feet.
156) 0) text: Blade moves into the upper gallery of a vast atrium.
156) 3) dialog: Been ready since the day I was born, mother-fucker.
156) 5) text: Drake does a back-flip over the balcony.  Forty feet down Blade follows, drawing his sword as he LEAPS --
157) 2) dialog: manages a COUNTER-STROKE with super-human grace.  He adva parries, his sword CLANGING and SINGING like a blacksmith hammer on sheet metal. Cut, thrust, block, diagonal downward slashes.  The moves faster.  Drake DUCKS, barely avoiding being decapitated.  Blade's sword cuts right through a column instead. Drake retaliates.  Blade locks swords with him.  For a mo the two warriors are nose to nose.  Then Blade twists his sword free, cutting open Drake's cheek -- Drake GROWLS, back-flipping up onto a ledge.  He touches fingertips to the cut, tastes his own blood.  Then we hea telltale sounds of CARTILAGE POPPING.  For a brief moment facial features shift, giving us yet another glimpse of h true form.  As his anger increases, Drake begins to devol He DIVES at Blade, HOWLING, raking his CLAWS at Blade's f He strikes out, KNOCKING Blade across the atrium.  He SPR forward, dragging Blade up by his throat, sinking his fan into Blade's shoulder.  Blide SCREAMS and we --
161) 0) text: Abigail emerges onto the gallery with Zoe.  She spots an alcove, indicates that Zoe should hide.  Then she slips a silver stake into Zoe's hand.  Just in case. Abigail rushes to the handrail, looking down at Blade and Drake.  Her view is obscured.  She can't get a good shot.
162) 0) text: Drake digs his fangs into Blade's shoulder.  Blade strugg manages to slip a stake from his bandolier -- WHAM!  Blade SLAMS the stake into Drake's ear canal.  The beast SHRIEKS in pain, dropping Blade.  But all the gambi done is drive Drake into a berserker rage. Drake swings his fist.  Blade ducks.  Drake's fist goes through the wall, PUNCTURING a steam pipe.  Steam vents - Drake reaches in, RIPS an eight-foot section of the pipe the wall, bringing a SPARKING nest of electrical cables a with it.  He swings the pipe section around, WHACKING Bla KRUNCH!  Drake swings the makeshift club again.  He's a o man demolition crew, decimating everything in his path. SMASHING holes in the floor, the walls, plowing through partitions of glass and steel.
166) 0) text: Drake pummels Blade, flinging his body about like a ragdo He grabs Blade by his ankle, swings him upwards some thir feet -- SMASH!  Blade collides with the underside of a massive ha glass chandelier/lighting fixture. Blade FALLS back to the ground, stunned, dropping his swo Drake pounces on him.  Blade can barely fend off Drake's anymore.  In desperation he digs his fingers into Drake's eyes. Drake swings both fists downward, Hulk-style, SHATTERING entire section of the limestone flooring. A SHOCK-WAVE ripples out from the point of impact, sendin waves of two-foot stone tiles flipping up into the air, knocking Blade off his feet.
168) 0) text: King has bought Abigail more time.  She swings her body forward, hooking her legs over the next crosspiece.  Then lets go with her hands.  Now she is hanging upside down, secured only by the tension in her calves. Abigail reaches behind her, removes her bow.  BLOOD from wounded shoulder drips down over her collar bone, reachin cheek, briefly obscuring her vision.  She wipes it away. she reaches back once more and -- -- because her quiver is pointed downward, a number of ar slide out. Abigail panics, twisting her body -- -- managing to lust barely snag the ~la~ue arrow as it tu Past her! Beat.  Abigail shuts her eyes, trying to find her center. With her eyes closed, she nocks the arrow and draws the b back.  Then she opens her eyes. She's only going to get one shot -- and she's going to ha take it while hanging upside down. 168 a       ABIGAIL'S POV On Drake and Blade below, locked in combat.  She tracks t progress, waits for Drake to move into a better position
169) 0) text: Drake shoulders a support column, SNAPPING it in two.  An entire section of the gallery walkway above comes CRASHIN DOWN, burying Blade in debris -- -- but it's not enough for Drake.  He LEAPS forward, fish Blade out, hauling him up -- Drake head-butts Blade -- once, twice.  Blade's eyes roll whites.  Drake looks down, SEES Blade's discarded sword.  Drake scoops it up, STRIKES at Blade -- Blade manages to roll to the side, avoiding the blow. Drake STRIKES again, dealing Blade a glancing blow --
171) 3) dialog: GASPS, sinking downward.  He's on his knees now, in shock Drake ROARS again shifting, conjuring up seventy centurie violence and predation.  And the nightmare shape that was hinted at before, finally takes center-stage. BLOOD suffuses Drake's flesh, turning his skin crimson. canines elongate, his lower jaw distends.  Jagged bone spurs erupt all over his body -- like he's gr a suit of razor-sharp thorns.  He doesn't need a sword anymore.  He's become a living weapon.  Drake is gone.  N is --
171) 14) text: Blade stares back.  At this point, he's just trying to re conscious.  He's lost a ton of blood.
171) 18) text: Drake grows still, his eyes locked on Blade's.
171) 21) text: Her voice sounds distant and muted, overridden by Blade's HEARTBEAT which is fading up, dominating the soundtrack.
171) 23) text: Blade's eyes can't focus anymore.  They're clouding over.
176) 0) text: CLOSE ON Blade's face, his body being wheeled on an autop gurney.  PULL BACK to reveal that we are in an FBI morgue Cumberland and Hale stand nearby, overseeing everything a
176) 8) text: (beat) ABIGAIL (CONT Ã”D) By taking Blade's shape, he bought Blade enough time to escape.  Offering Blade a second chance at life - -
177) 0) text: A bright summer day.  Blade stands at the edge of a cliff looking out over a sun-struck ocean.  For the first time we've seen him, he's not wearing armor or sunglasses or handguns or rifles.  And were it not for the sword he hol we might even mistake him for an ordinary man.
177) 2) text: Blade flings his sword over the cliff, into the ocean bel