68) 0) text: FLASH!  We see the man we met earlier (DRACULA/DRAKE) on banks of the river Euphrates, striding towards us, engage fierce battle with UBAIDIAN SOLDIERS.  He's clutching the sword we saw in the ziggurat, clad in the same armor.
68) 2) text: As Drake SLASHES his sword downward we CUT BACK TO --
69) 0) text: -- King continuing his story. As the hunter's monologue progresses we will INTERCUT with Drake's own progression through history.  Brief, violent FLASHBACKS. (NOTE:  The backgrounds surrounding Drake will be expressionistic, digital composites, constantly shifting. focus of the flashes is Drake himself, fighting a shadowy horde, his attire continually evolving through time.)
70) 0) text: FLASH!  We are in Egypt now, circa 1650 BC.  Drake wages against the HYKSOS.  He is closer to the camera.  And wil continue to move closer with each successive flashback.
74) 0) text: FLASH!  8th century AD, the reign of Charlemagne.  Battli the VIKINGS.  The FLASHBACKS come faster now, assaulting with ever-increasing rapidity. Drake continues striding forward while the rest of the wo evolves around him, centuries whizzing by via computer generated time-lapse photography.
75) 4) text: FLASH!  18th century Russia, the time of Peter the Great. soundtrack is THUNDEROUS.  Drake has become a bloody blur bestial rage and unfettered horror and --
78) 0) text: Drake enters. The store is crowded with low-end junky goo that might appeal to tourists visiting Hollywood Boulevar A pallid, Goth-guy CASHIER sits behind a counter, eating a takeout container.  He's wafer thin, with a detached attitude.  A snot.  Further back is a sultry GOTH VIXEN. Behind them, on a TV, a cartoon is playing. An animated vampire cavorts -- "LITTLE BIT" (like the Hot Stuff devil Ritchie Rich comicbooks)
78) 1) dialog: In the window -- you sell vampire merchandise?
78) 2) text: Goth Guy looks up, wiping his mouth with a napkin.  Doesn want to engage with Drake at all.
78) 4) text: He and the Goth Vixen have a snicker at Drake's expense. she tries to be a little more helpful.
78) 6) text: As Drake looks around, what he sees matches his ascending rage.  Costumes, candles, vampire Christmas ornaments.  Posters from different films -- Nosferatu, Lugosi, Lee -- Love at First Bite and The Little Vampire.
78) 10) text: Drake just stares at the can.  His mind seems to have retreated elsewhere.  Back through the ages.
78) 12) text: Drake doesn't respond.  A kind of melancholy has settled him.  He's an outsider now.  The world has moved on.
78) 14) text: Drake looks up as Goth Guy pours a bowl of Count Chocula.
80) 0) text: Goth Vixen SCREAMS.  Drake LASHES out.  hauling her over counter.  He sinks his teeth into her throat, drinking he blood with wild abandon.  He consumes it so quickly that skin flushes BRIGHT RED. Then Drake tears his head away, lifting his face upward a flings the girl aside, unleashing an ear-splitting ROAR. for a brief moment, the bones of his face seem to shift, again hinting at another shape Drake might take.
81) 0) text: DRAKE's ROAR echoes through the canyons of downtown.
85) 1) dialog: sits in a chair, his body partially illuminated by one of sunlight shafts, his face turned upward into its brillian FOOTSTEPS.  Drake opens his eyes, SEES Danica hovering in darkness, just on the edge of a shaft of light.
85) 2) dialog: This world sickens me.  The humans have soiled it with their filth.
85) 4) text: Drake just stares at her, not convinced.
85) 5) dialog: Come closer.
85) 7) dialog: And do you know why? (off Danica's silence) Once, all of my kind could brave the day.  We were true predators.  The world was ours.  And then, somewhere along the way, the purity of our bloodline became diluted.  Polluted with human DNA.
85) 9) dialog: Is it?
85) 10) text: Drake stands, drawing close to Danica.  He grips her wris
85) 11) dialog: You are bastard children.  No longer as pure as you pride yourselves on being.
85) 12) text: -- and pulls her hand towards one of the sunlight shafts. her credit, Danica keeps staring at Drake.  She'll be dam if she will give him the satisfaction of seeing her break Drake pulls her hand closer to the light -- to the very e And the tips of Danica's fingers begin to burn.  She winc clearly in agony -- -- and Drake releases her hand.  She cradles it against h chest, blinking away tears that have welled up in her eye
85) 13) dialog: My people.  How far you have fallen.
85) 14) text: Drake reaches out, brushes a tear from Danica's cheek, th turns and walks away -- through the alternating shafts of sunlight and darkness.
103) 6) text: The Vance double jumps atop the desk and swats the muzzle Blade's shotgun aside, re-directing the BLAST, which SHAT a glass window.  Then he KICKS Blade in the chest, KNOCKI him clear across the office as -- --        King advances.  The Vance double's face WARPS, in his head shifting around.  He reaches for King, SLAMS onto the desk, TWISTS the stake from King's hand and brut SHOVING it into King's rib cage, pinning him to the desk Then the Vance double whirls around to engage Abigail -- we see that it's Drake now, having taken Vance's shape.
103) 7) dialog: BACK-HANDS Abigail across the face, a teeth-jarring blow. She spins, falling -- -- and Drake is moving like a hurricane, LEAPING through window that was shattered by Blade's shotgun blast.
104) 0) text: Drake runs with inhuman speed.  He effortlessly scales a link fence, then BARRELS straight through a wooden barric sailing over a trash dumpster.  Seconds later, Blade foll catching sight of Drake rushing out into --
106) 0) text: Drake emerges onto the sidewalk of a busy street, four la of rush-hour traffic WHIZZING PAST. Abruptly, Drake cuts into the traffic, LEAPING atop the h of an oncoming car.  The car's HORN sounds, brakes SQUEAL
106) 2) text: In this manner. Drake and Blade race across the flowing traffic itself. using the hoods and roofs of the cars lik moving stepping stones.
107) 0) text: Blade is on Drake like a shadow.  We're internal now, the sound of Blade's LABORED BREATH moving to the foreground the soundscape. Chaos.  A BARKING DOG darting from a doorway.  Up ahead, OLD MAN has been knocked over.  An insane dash up two fli of stairs, then down a corridor, passing MORE TENANTS.  Somewhere, a WOMAN SCREAMS.  We hear GLASS BREAKING and -
109) 0) text: Cut onto the fire escape.  A glimpse of Drake overhead. Blade clambers up the fire escape, moving in a near-blur. story of steps up the rickety metal ladder -- SMASH!  A LARGE PLANTER comes down from above, nearly str Blade.  He lets go with one hand, swings outward -- -- then he's climbing again.  A CLOUD OF PIGEONS take win flapping frenetically about him, momentarily blinding him Another story, a third, a fourth.  As he reaches the top, Blade jumps, catching the edge of the roof above him --
110) 1) dialog: So you're the hunter they all fear.
110) 3) dialog: stands on the ledge of the roof, cradling an INFANT in hi arms.  In the full glare of the afternoon sun.
110) 4) dialog: (re: infant) Just so we understand each other, Daywalker.
110) 5) text: With his free hand, he massages his jaw.  We hear a few m Pieces of POPPING CARTKAGE as the very last of Drake's cermanent features seem to settee into clace.
110) 7) dialog: He'd outlived his purpose.  He'd become a liabi1ity.
110) 8) text: Drake nods at Blade's sword --
110) 9) dialog: Your sword -- I've seen that hilt before.  Eight or nine centuries ago.  The hunter who carried it was an accomplished fighter.
111) 0) text: Drake in his armor, head to head with a 14th century VAMP HUNTER.  The hunter has BLADE'S SWORD.  Drake tears the s from the hunter's grasp, turns it around, thrusts it back through the man's chest.  And as the man GASPS we are --
112) 1) dialog: He was honorable, in his own way.  He died a good death.
112) 3) dialog: You lie.  You're part of a grand tradition, Blade.  You hunters have plagued my people since the day we first walked the earth.  And I have vanquished them.  One by one.
112) 6) dialog: I've always been able to.  Haven't you read Mr. Stoker's fable?  I was the first of the vampires.  I am unique.
112) 8) dialog: Yes.  My children seek to isolate the properties in my blood that make me immune to sunlight.  Through me, they believe they can all become Daywalkers.
112) 9) text: Drake glances down at the street people.  Throngs of PEOP are massing there, pointing up at him.
112) 10) dialog: The world's changed much since I went to sleep.  How crowded it's become.  Look at them down there.  Lives brief as fireflies.  Do you think they can ever grasp what it means to be immortal like us?
112) 12) text: Drake smiles, intrigued by an obviously worthy opponent.
112) 13) dialog: Perhaps I will as well, then.  But I think it's more likely that you will fall before mine. (beat) Catch.
112) 14) text: Drake tosses the infant at Blade.  Blade twists around to catch it, scooping it safely up.  But when he looks back -- Drake is gone.
119) 0) text: CLOSE ON hands clasped together -- a man and a woman's. CLOSE ON Danica' s face, covered in sweat, in the throes passion.  She looks up, eyes glazed -- PULL BACK to reveal Drake, propped above her, thrusting a Danica has her limbs wrapped around Drake, holding on for life.  Both are awash in moonlight. The two of them climax.  Drake withdraws, studying Danica She's naked but for the tiny silver crucifix she wears ar her neck.  Drake nudges the crucifix with his finger.
119) 1) dialog: Why do you wear that -- symbol?
119) 5) text: Drake nods, his thoughts distant.
119) 6) dialog: I was there when they crucified him.  He died -- for their sins, not mine.
119) 8) dialog: (shaking his head) Too numerous to remember. (nodding at the crucifix) Take it off.
119) 10) dialog: I'll make you a better one.
119) 11) text: Drake draws her in, biting her gently on the neck, sinkin fangs into her flesh.  He pulls his head back.  Two rivul of BLOOD trickle from the fresh wounds.
119) 12) dialog: There's an old saying --
119) 13) text: Drake reaches for the sheet, pulling it away from Danica' chest.  Then he dips his fingertips into her flowing bloo PAINTING a long streak of it down between her breasts.
119) 14) dialog: Kill one man, you're a murderer. Kill a million, a king. (smiling) Kill them all, a God.
133) 2) text: A pair of boots appear in the doorway -- Drake. Zoe holds her breath.  We HEAR Drake searching the bathro opening the lockers and bathroom stalls.
133) 4) text: Zoe shuts her eyes.  She can't stand it.  Finally, we hea Drake's FOOTSTEPS receding away.  Relieved, Zoe takes in breath and opens her eyes --
133) 5) text: Drake's face is right there.  pressed up against the othe side of the grate, staring at her! Zoe SCREAMS.  With a ROAR, Drake rips the grate off.  He to climb inside, but the width of the duct is too narrow accommodate the size of his upper body. Instead, he reaches his right arm in, extending his clawe hand as far as he possibly can.  Zoe WHIMPERS, trying to compress her mass into an even tighter ball --
140) 28) text: She nods.  Drake appears, holding Zoe.  She's alive.  Terrified.  Held firm in Drake's arms.
147) 0) text: Drake sits before Zoe, who has been shackled to the wall, right arm encased in one of the armored gauntlets from hi burial armor.  The rest of the armor has been propped up stand nearby.
147) 1) dialog: Do you know who I am?
147) 3) text: Drake smiles at this.
147) 4) dialog: The Nome King.  I like that. (leaning closer) Tell me, child.  Do you want to die?
147) 7) dialog: There is no Heaven.  No God.  No angels. No happy ending for good little girls. The only thing you have to look forward to is nothingness.
147) 8) text: As Drake talks his pupils seem to widen -- until the dark nearly occludes the whites of his eyes.  Zoe stares at hi Can't tear her gaze away.  His eyes are hypnotic.
147) 9) dialog: But what if you could change that?  What if you could remain a child forever?
147) 11) dialog: What if you could keep this little doll- like face of yours until the sun itself cooled to a cold, hard rock? (beat) Wouldn't you like that?  Wouldn't you accept that gift?
147) 12) text: Zoe reaches out, calmly touches Drake's cheek.
150) 0) text: Drake hears the ALARMS.  He reaches for his sword, which in a nearby stand.  As he heads out, he strides past Zoe, still chained to the wall.
156) 1) dialog: stands before him, waiting, sword in hand.  He extends it touching the tip to the floor.  A challenge.
156) 2) dialog: Are you ready to die, Blade?
156) 4) dialog: (with a smile) Then allow me to accommodate you.
156) 5) text: Drake does a back-flip over the balcony.  Forty feet down Blade follows, drawing his sword as he LEAPS --
157) 1) dialog: breaks first, bringing his sword over in less time than i takes to blink an eye.  No one could possibly deflect the blow.  And yet --
161) 0) text: Abigail emerges onto the gallery with Zoe.  She spots an alcove, indicates that Zoe should hide.  Then she slips a silver stake into Zoe's hand.  Just in case. Abigail rushes to the handrail, looking down at Blade and Drake.  Her view is obscured.  She can't get a good shot.
162) 0) text: Drake digs his fangs into Blade's shoulder.  Blade strugg manages to slip a stake from his bandolier -- WHAM!  Blade SLAMS the stake into Drake's ear canal.  The beast SHRIEKS in pain, dropping Blade.  But all the gambi done is drive Drake into a berserker rage. Drake swings his fist.  Blade ducks.  Drake's fist goes through the wall, PUNCTURING a steam pipe.  Steam vents - Drake reaches in, RIPS an eight-foot section of the pipe the wall, bringing a SPARKING nest of electrical cables a with it.  He swings the pipe section around, WHACKING Bla KRUNCH!  Drake swings the makeshift club again.  He's a o man demolition crew, decimating everything in his path. SMASHING holes in the floor, the walls, plowing through partitions of glass and steel.
166) 0) text: Drake pummels Blade, flinging his body about like a ragdo He grabs Blade by his ankle, swings him upwards some thir feet -- SMASH!  Blade collides with the underside of a massive ha glass chandelier/lighting fixture. Blade FALLS back to the ground, stunned, dropping his swo Drake pounces on him.  Blade can barely fend off Drake's anymore.  In desperation he digs his fingers into Drake's eyes. Drake swings both fists downward, Hulk-style, SHATTERING entire section of the limestone flooring. A SHOCK-WAVE ripples out from the point of impact, sendin waves of two-foot stone tiles flipping up into the air, knocking Blade off his feet.
168) 0) text: King has bought Abigail more time.  She swings her body forward, hooking her legs over the next crosspiece.  Then lets go with her hands.  Now she is hanging upside down, secured only by the tension in her calves. Abigail reaches behind her, removes her bow.  BLOOD from wounded shoulder drips down over her collar bone, reachin cheek, briefly obscuring her vision.  She wipes it away. she reaches back once more and -- -- because her quiver is pointed downward, a number of ar slide out. Abigail panics, twisting her body -- -- managing to lust barely snag the ~la~ue arrow as it tu Past her! Beat.  Abigail shuts her eyes, trying to find her center. With her eyes closed, she nocks the arrow and draws the b back.  Then she opens her eyes. She's only going to get one shot -- and she's going to ha take it while hanging upside down. 168 a       ABIGAIL'S POV On Drake and Blade below, locked in combat.  She tracks t progress, waits for Drake to move into a better position
169) 0) text: Drake shoulders a support column, SNAPPING it in two.  An entire section of the gallery walkway above comes CRASHIN DOWN, burying Blade in debris -- -- but it's not enough for Drake.  He LEAPS forward, fish Blade out, hauling him up -- Drake head-butts Blade -- once, twice.  Blade's eyes roll whites.  Drake looks down, SEES Blade's discarded sword.  Drake scoops it up, STRIKES at Blade -- Blade manages to roll to the side, avoiding the blow. Drake STRIKES again, dealing Blade a glancing blow --
171) 0) text: CHINGG!  Drake deflects the arrow with his sword.  It harmlessly falls to the floor, rolling a few yards away.
171) 13) dialog: Well done, hunter.  Well done.
171) 15) dialog: You fought with honor --
171) 16) text: Drake shudders, his breathing becoming increasingly shall
171) 17) dialog: -- as I knew you would.  The humans are coming for you, you know.  In their eyes, you and I are the same. Allow me one last indulgence, then -- (gasping) -- a parting gift --
171) 18) text: Drake grows still, his eyes locked on Blade's.