64) 10) text: Abigail rids herself of her weapons -- bow, arrows, silve stakes and knives.  She hands her compound bow to Hedges.
64) 12) dialog: I'll run it through the bow press.
86) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail stand before a table where an assortment of weaponry and ammunition has been laid out o display.  Hedges is there too, assisting them.  Zoe watch
86) 1) dialog: We've got a wide assortment of ass- kickery for your viewing pleasure -- (hefting a pistol) Electronic pistol.  Comes with a built-in fingerprint security system.  Fires a three-shot burst in 1/500th of a second. Bullets can also be triggered remotely.
86) 5) text: Hedges tosses King one of the four-barreled firearms.  On stock is an irreverent decal of the mud-flap girl silhoue
86) 7) text: Next, Hedges shows Blade the CRESCENT-SHAPED DEVICE that Abigail used.  He gives the device a twist and --
86) 8) dialog: We call this the UV arc --
86) 10) dialog: You hold the arc in the center, curved away from you.  Connecting the tips is a powerful UV laser beam.  Because of its high focus, the laser cuts through vampire flesh like a knife through butter.
86) 12) dialog: (off Blade's look) Not into a bat or a wolf or anything like that.  But another human, someone with the same approximate body mass -- given enough practice it might be possible.
86) 14) dialog: He wouldn't have a traditional skeletal structure.  Probably something more like a snake, with thousands of tiny bones in the place of a normal array.  Commensurate with this would be an exquisite control of electrical potential across his tissues, resulting in an ability to effectively change shape at will --
114) 0) text: Blade and Abigail enter the HQ, hauling King between them Dex and Hedges rush to meet them, relieving them of King. Exhausted and covered in blood, Abigail retires to her quarters, stripping off her clothes.
117) 0) text: Later, Sommerfield and Hedges consult with Blade and Abig
117) 1) dialog: So basically we're in an arms race. They're using Drake's DNA to build themselves a better vampire --
125) 0) text: A basketball hoop has been set up in the back area and De Hedges are engaged in a wicked game of one-on-one.
129) 0) text: Dex manages to steal the ball from Hedges, makes a shot.  Behind them, Whistler enters the makeshift court.
131) 0) text: Sommerfield enters.  Dex and Hedges are sprawled on the f before her, having been slaughtered.  Blood is everywnere She doesn't see them, of course.  But we do.
136) 0) text: -- the back area.  They find Dex and Hedges on the floor, their bodies bled, desecrated.