26) 1) dialog: What the fuck happened tonight?
27) 2) text: Whistler reaches for a bottle of whiskey, takes a sip.
27) 3) dialog: You've been getting careless, Blade.  You kill a vampire, they ash, don't leave any proof of their existence.  But something like this, a human corpse, it's messy -- (shaking his head) -- you better hope nobody IDed you.
30) 6) text: WILSON HALE (20s), Ray's subordinate, rushes in, excited. stands, ripping down a photo of Blade and Whistler.
30) 10) dialog: Pack of Reds and some matches.
31) 0) text: Whistler is buying a pack of cigarettes when he notices
31) 3) dialog: I'll take this too.
32) 0) text: Whistler exits the store, perusing the tabloid as he walk We hear the WHIR of a camera's HIGH-SPEED MOTOR DRIVE and
32) 1) text: capture Whistler as he moves down the sidewalk.
32) 6) text: Cumberland starts the car, starts following Whistler.
32) 7) dialog: Congratulations.  You're famous.  Just what we needed.
33) 0) text: CLOSE ON the tabloid as Whistler slaps it down on a workb WIDEN to include Whistler and Blade.
33) 1) dialog: Somebody screwed us.  Your face is all over the papers, the television.  Media's eating it up.
33) 3) dialog: You should.  Something like this -- (gesturing to the tabloid) -- taking out a human, even one working for the vampires -- far as the rest of the world's concerned, you're public enemy number one.
33) 5) text: Whistler shakes his head, frustrated.
33) 6) dialog: Damnit, Blade, don't you see what's happening?!  The fuckers are finally getting smart.  They're waging a goddamn PR campaign.  Now it's not just vampires we have to worry about, we're gonna have to take on the rest of the world too. (beat, adamant) They've got us on the run.  These last few months we've barely been staying ahead of the curve.
33) 8) dialog: I've been doing this since before you were born, Blade.  The moment you stop worrying, you're dead.
33) 9) text: Then Whistler's face softens for a moment.
33) 10) dialog: Since the day I found you, you've been like a son to me.  I taught you everything I know. (beat) But I'm tired.  You understand?
37) 0) text: Whistler sits on a cot, contemplating the tarnished weddi ring on his hand.  He slowly spins it around his finger.
39) 1) dialog: standing in the shadows, clutching a handgun.
39) 2) dialog: What is it?
39) 9) text: Whistler FIRES at them, then makes a run for it.  The age RETURN FIRE, but Whistler ducks behind a concrete pillar
43) 0) text: Whistler keeps moving.  An agent gets a clear shot at him FIRES -- Whistler is hit in the chest. Blade SEES Whistler take the hit, but he's cut off from t old man, being swarmed by agents --
43) 2) text: Whistler staggers, keeps moving.  He makes it to another of computers, launches the same protocol.
43) 4) text: With each successive command, the workstations themselves begin self-destructing, EXPLODING one after another. Another agent gets a bead on Whistler, FIRING a round int Whistler's thigh.  Whistler SCREAMS --
45) 0) text: On the verge of losing consciousness, Whistler props hims against a piece of machinery.  He's bleeding, been shot t hell.  One of his hands is closed, clutching something. Agents warily close in around him, guns raised.
45) 2) dialog: (flipping them off) How 'bout this one?
45) 3) text: Whistler lets his other hand uncurl. He's got a REMOTE in palm, with a tiny digital timer counting-down.
57) 7) text: Whistler?  Abigail spins, dispatching the last officer wi kick to the mid-section while tossing a PNEUMATIC INJECTO King.  He snatches it, places it in Blade's hands. Blade injects himself in the neck.  Moments later, he's reenergized.  He looks to King, clear-eyed.
127) 0) text: The steel door slides open and Whistler enters.
128) 0) text: King drowses on a cot.  He hears a NOISE, opens his eyes. Whistler stands in the doorway.
128) 2) text: Whistler doesn't respond.  King tries to sit up -- but Whistler places his hand on King's mouth, shoving him dow starting to smother him.  King struggles, confused.
129) 0) text: Dex manages to steal the ball from Hedges, makes a shot.  Behind them, Whistler enters the makeshift court.