83) 0) text: Sunlight slices down through skylights, bathing Blade, Ki Abigail, and Sommerfield in its warmth.  Zoe has joined t She's still cautious and shy, but she's also curious.
86) 0) text: Blade, King, and Abigail stand before a table where an assortment of weaponry and ammunition has been laid out o display.  Hedges is there too, assisting them.  Zoe watch
120) 2) dialog: Why do you do that?
120) 5) dialog: Why can't you just be nice?
126) 2) text: At the same time, Sommerfield is reading aloud to Zoe, wh sits nearby.  The book is The Emerald City of Oz and it's Braille.  Sommerfield scans with her fingers.
130) 6) text: Zoe hesitates.  Sommerfield senses it and lashes out with cane, BANGING a rack of equipment, startling the girl.
132) 0) text: As Sommerfield's AGONIZED SCREAMS echo through the wareho Zoe rushes into the bathroom, looking for a place to hide considers the lockers, discounts them.  Then settles on -
133) 0) text: Zoe waits.  It's cramped and claustrophobic inside the du She's managed to force herself all the way back to the ni degree turn by curling up into a near fetal position.
133) 2) text: A pair of boots appear in the doorway -- Drake. Zoe holds her breath.  We HEAR Drake searching the bathro opening the lockers and bathroom stalls.
133) 4) text: Zoe shuts her eyes.  She can't stand it.  Finally, we hea Drake's FOOTSTEPS receding away.  Relieved, Zoe takes in breath and opens her eyes --
133) 5) text: Drake's face is right there.  pressed up against the othe side of the grate, staring at her! Zoe SCREAMS.  With a ROAR, Drake rips the grate off.  He to climb inside, but the width of the duct is too narrow accommodate the size of his upper body. Instead, he reaches his right arm in, extending his clawe hand as far as he possibly can.  Zoe WHIMPERS, trying to compress her mass into an even tighter ball --
140) 28) text: She nods.  Drake appears, holding Zoe.  She's alive.  Terrified.  Held firm in Drake's arms.
145) 7) text: Zoe hesitates, deciding how to broach the next subject.
147) 0) text: Drake sits before Zoe, who has been shackled to the wall, right arm encased in one of the armored gauntlets from hi burial armor.  The rest of the armor has been propped up stand nearby.
147) 2) dialog: You're the Nome King.
147) 5) text: Zoe is terrified but tries to remain defiant.
147) 6) dialog: I'm not afraid -- I'll go to Heaven.
147) 8) text: As Drake talks his pupils seem to widen -- until the dark nearly occludes the whites of his eyes.  Zoe stares at hi Can't tear her gaze away.  His eyes are hypnotic.
147) 12) text: Zoe reaches out, calmly touches Drake's cheek.
147) 13) dialog: My friends are coming to kill you.
150) 0) text: Drake hears the ALARMS.  He reaches for his sword, which in a nearby stand.  As he heads out, he strides past Zoe, still chained to the wall.
154) 0) text: Abigail enters, SEES Zoe.  TWO VAMPIRES GUARDS stand near In a flash, Abigail flings TWO SILVER STAKES at them.  Bo stakes hit their mark and the vamps crumple to ASH. Abigail hurries over, SHOOTS apart the lock on Zoe's shac Zoe wraps her arms around Abigail, hugging her tight.  Ab takes Zoe by the hand, pulling her towards the door.
161) 0) text: Abigail emerges onto the gallery with Zoe.  She spots an alcove, indicates that Zoe should hide.  Then she slips a silver stake into Zoe's hand.  Just in case. Abigail rushes to the handrail, looking down at Blade and Drake.  Her view is obscured.  She can't get a good shot.
171) 5) dialog: emerges from the shadows behind Drake, clutching a silver stake.  She SHOVES it into Drake's back,  pushing with al strength her little body can muster. Drake staggers.  The blow wasn't lethal, but it hurt all same.  He turns on Zoe, enraged, his attention distracted one crucial second --