6) 14) dialog: The Four Horsemen are like a magic superhero team. Each one of them was an established magician in his own right before they joined forces, for what they’re billing as three special shows over the span of ten days. (MORE)
6) 16) dialog: Last night being the first. Friday they’re in Atlantic City, Wednesday next, in Los Angeles...
6) 18) dialog: Police officers in Vegas are used to working late hours. Unlike FBI agents, apparently. Alma weathers the chorus of boos and jeers that greet her enjoying it, then continues: ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D) I’m not done yet. Allow me to drop a little more wisdom on you. We’ll start with Santayana... A MONTAGE of IMAGES BEGINS as she talks; starting on a SM LATINO BOY wandering wide eyed through a small town trave carnival: ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D) Roderigo Santayana was born in Culiacan, Mexico. Ran away from home to join a traveling show, just dike in the stories... IMAGES OF RODERIGO, various ages, working on all kind of MAGICAL DEVICES; robot fortune tellers, clockwork contraptions, floating crystal balls, coffins with secret compartments, etc. ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D) He's apparently a genius at designing mechanical devices and illusions. Got his own show on Telemundo a few years back... RODERIGO floats over an awed studio audience. ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D) His special, “Ole Roderigo”, was highest rated broadcast behind the Mexico vs. Brazil soccer game. Guy moves to LA, gets himself a William Morris agent... RODERIGO holds court at the VIP table surrounded by silic filled groupies. 15. ALMA VARGAS (V.0.) (CONT’D) Spends his money on coke and strip clubs. He's considered a disgrace in the magic community, but the boys all wish they were him. Next, we have Alex Hero... IMAGE OF ALEX as a young boy in a baseball uniform, repeatedly throwing a ball into his own glove: ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D) Real name, Alexander Hess. All American boy. Little League all star. Only this boy could care less about baseball. What he’s into is magic. Sleight of hand, to be specific... Alex throws the ball into the glove again; then smiles an opens the glove-_the ball has disappeared. We widen out t see ALEX IS ON STAGE in a television studio: a neon logo behind him reads “AMERICA’S GOT SKILLZ.” ALMA VARGAS (V.0.) (CONT’D) Wins a talent competition on the tube and becomes an overnight sensation. He immediately gets emancipated from his family and moves to Vegas, where he hooks up with the Horsemen. The third member of which is a Brit actually named London... LONDON OSBORNE reaches a hand out toward the camera, his gleaming with intensity. ALMA VARGAS (V.O. (CONT’D) London Osborne. He's a mentalist, hypnotist. Messes with your head, basically. Jedi mind-tricks. Supposed to be the best there ever WAS +. IMAGES of people lying like planks across two chairs whil others jump up and down on their stomachs, an OLD WOMAN impossibly holding a huge FAT MAN over her head, etc. ALMA VARGAS (V.0.) (CONT’D) Performed on the West End for years. Repeat command performances for the Queen. But it all went to hell one night... London is at a posh club, DRUNKEN CLUBBER pushes through, splashes a drink in his face.
6) 21) dialog: Weird thing is, no one there could remember if Osborne did it, or the guy did to himself. In any case, Osborne served three years for aggravated assault. It’s toward the end of that time that the Four Horsemen came together... 16. surrounded by an adoring crowd. A stands in front of London and his broken struggle to LONDON sits in front the protective glass in a PRISON VISITING ROOM.
6) 32) dialog: Not much. Born Menachem Joachim Murphy in the Bronx. Work out the genetics yourselves. First came on the radar as a street performer in New York. Youtube videos of his performances had over twenty million hits. He was recently made several offers to headline his own show in Vegas, but formed the Four Horsemen instead. (pauses) And there you have it.
8) 0) text: Dylan Hobbes sits in the driver’s seat, Detective Alma Va beside him, Agent Fuller in the back. Alma starts to get out, sees neither Dylan or Fuller is moving:
8) 1) dialog: Aren’t you coming?
8) 3) dialog: You don’t want a piece of the collar?
10) 7) dialog: Vargas. Detective Vargas, to you. (raises the unopened CAN OF DIET COKE in her hand) Nope.
10) 9) dialog: Don’t plan on leaving town any time soon, Mr. Hero.
11) 10) dialog: Right, Mr. Santayana. Which is why we’re here. And why we’re gonna stay here, until you give us an explanation. Roderigo takes a moment, then shrugs his shoulders:
13) 4) dialog: So what did you need the money for? Why risk everything on a stunt like this?
13) 6) dialog: Not all of it. But hardly any of the cash that fell on that audience in your little Robin Hood bit was recovered. You could have kept the lion’s share for yourselves, for all we know. Michael turns his eyes on Alma, studies her carefully.
13) 8) dialog: We have Etienne Glickman. 26. Michael raises his eyebrows, as if to ask- "Who?” ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D) The “audience member” you brought up onto the stage. Your plant.
14) 0) text: Dylan, Alma, Agent Fuller and several others are sitting around, surrounded by empty fast food containers, looking beat. A RE-RUN of Michael Atlas’s interrogation is playin on a monitor. One of the agents groans:
14) 4) dialog: Prickishness.
14) 6) dialog: You said “prickness.” That’s not a word. The word is “prickishness.”
14) 13) dialog: Thaddeus Bradley. Probably the most hated magician on the planet.
14) 15) dialog: Actually, considering how many sneaky, vindictive weirdos do hate you, I’m amazed you’re still alive. 28.
14) 17) dialog: Only from T.V. -- And Wikipedia. (turns to Dylan) I work entertainment in Las Vegas, agent Hobbes. It’s my job to know who’s who in town, so that when something like this goes down, not everyone is playing catch up. (then) -Even if it is at the expense of a less exciting social life. Agent Fuller winces for Dylan, as Alma rises and walks to coffee machine. ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D) Thaddeus Bradley has been exposing other magicians’ secrets for years. Embarrassed them, really. Wickname is the career killer. He even had a low rated Fox Show for short spell, where he...
18) 6) dialog: Cogs in a machine. The Horsemen employ dozens of people at any given show; each person seems to know just enough to allow them to do their job. Maybe somebody’s wise to something, but I doubt it. And magic people are a tight lipped bunch, as it is. I doubt we’ll get far. Certainly not in three days.
19) 0) text: ETIENNE GLICKMAN, exhausted and irate, is sitting opposit the table from Alma, who is alone in the room with him.
19) 2) dialog: I’m sure she was. Go on, Mr. Glickman.
19) 4) dialog: Are you saying that is not you?
19) 6) dialog: We ran a scan on your voice from the tape, Mr. Glickman, and it matches up as well.
21) 0) text: THADDEUS BRADLEY walks into the auditorium where Dylan, A Fuller and Alma are waiting, standing near the empty stag
21) 18) dialog: Glickman. Etienne Glickman. IMAGES OF ETIENNE GLICKMAN walking blithely through th atreet in PARIS -- RODERIGO is following him, snapping with a powerful POCKET CAMERA; ALSO SNAPPING PHOTOS 0: SEVERAL OTHER MEN HE IS SHADOWING...
21) 23) dialog: Traveling through dimensions? No we did not, Mr. Bradley. Please continue.
21) 28) dialog: What about the voice match? IMAGE OF MICHAEL ATLAS standing next to ETIENNE GLICKMAN bistro, as he orders a coffee -- IN MICHAEL’S SHOULDER BA a RECORDING DEVICE.
21) 32) dialog: There only was one season.
21) 38) dialog: You say the Horsemen didn’t know which guy from the audience they would use until the last minute. Yet the bank’s tape showed Michael Atlas and Etienne Glickman in the vault. That means someone had to be there, at the time of the performance, to put that tape in their system. Which means they had an accomplice on the inside.
21) 49) dialog: Payphone?
21) 51) dialog: It’s like Beatlemania or something. (then) (MORE)
21) 53) dialog: You think Thaddeus is right? That they’re going to try it again?
21) 55) dialog: Do you trust him?
21) 57) dialog: Do you really need it, Agent Hobbes?
21) 59) dialog: Another excuse not to spend time with your daughter. Dylan is stung silent. Then his eyes shift, as he sees: THADDEUS BRADLEY buttoning up his jacket and exiting the hotel through a side door, heading out into the street. Dylan turns without another word and follows after Bradle
24) 0) text: Silence. Alma sits on a stool at the bar, nursing a half- finished DIET-COKE. Sips at it. Calls to the BARTENDER:
24) 1) dialog: Excuse me- this soda is kinda flat. 45.
24) 4) dialog: Excuse me?
24) 6) dialog: Little bit of both.
24) 8) dialog: (into her ear-piece) In case anyone was wondering what that earthquake was -- They’re on the move.
25) 0) text: ALMA pushes autographs, them; there
36) 3) dialog: Not unless you count the magical way the bubbles seem to disappear from the diet Coke around here. Our boys went backstage as soon as they arrived -- You? 50.
39) 5) dialog: Dylan looks at his watch, mutters: DYLAN (CONT’D) Showtime. Either this is a big wank, or they’re so far ahead of us it isn’t funny.
39) 6) dialog: Oh, come on... Admit it.
39) 8) dialog: Part of you wants to see what these guys are going try to pull off, just like everyone else in here. (smiles) And we’ve got front row seats.
42) 6) dialog: Hey. What I said to you before, about your daughter. I was out of line. I’m...
42) 31) dialog: The Horsemen are in the air.
42) 33) dialog: On their way to LA.
42) 35) dialog: Our flight leaves in three hours. Dylan finishes his drink- turns to Alma.
42) 37) dialog: I know what it’s like, when things go bad in a marriage. When mine ended, well, let’s just say I was ho girl scout. I know this could be something more... (MORE)
42) 39) dialog: {pauses) But I’ve spent the last five years of my life busting underage movie stars for doing coke and over the hill singers for doing underage girls, and all of them for driving under the influence afterwards. This is my first real case, and I won’t mess up because I’m being distracted by... personal matters. (meaningfully) Like you did. Alma leans close to Dylan, their lips almost touching. ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D) See you on the plane, Agent Hobbes. HOLD ON DYLAN’S FACE, as Alma walks away.
44) 23) dialog: How about we protect our reputation as law enforcement officers, before these guys make us look like a bunch of rank amateurs again? (then) While you’ve been killing valuable time giving each other the macho stare-down, I found something you should see.
45) 0) text: Alma is standing in front of several COMPUTERS, sheaves o paper scattered all around her, as the others look on:
45) 1) dialog: I used the bureau’s codes to trace every account Tressler had stashed his ill gotten gains in... amazing, the access you guys have, by the way.
45) 4) dialog: Right. In any case, among many other banks around the world, Arthur Tressler has a fairly significant account with Credit Lyonnais.
45) 6) dialog: But he only has a secure safety deposit box in one.
45) 8) dialog: I, of course, do not have the authority to have it searched. You, on the other hand... 67. Dylan smiles admiringly at Alma:
50) 4) dialog: A couple of diamond rings- the kind you give a girl you want to convince of your intentions. Ora couple of girls. A watch with his father’s inscription on it. A letter from an ex-wife. And that, as they say, is all she wrote.
50) 10) dialog: Blueprints for what?
50) 23) dialog: We followed your money, found your account at the Credit Lyonnais in Paris. We also found your security deposit box there, and what was in it.
50) 27) dialog: -And two rings.
50) 33) dialog: Maybe, maybe not. If you’1ll excuse me for saying so, you’re a hard man to trust, Mr. Tressler.
54) 0) text: Dylan and Alma step out of an unmarked car. They take in area: the security cameras hidden in the street-lights, t guards perched at the top of the building; TITLE CARD REA Bureau of Engraving and Printing - City of Salinas
54) 1) dialog: Damn. I could leave my wallet on the ground, catch a movie, and nobody would steal it. Not on this block. Dylan shoots Alma a look and heads for the doors; we hear the SOUNDTRACK:
55) 0) text: Dylan and Alma stand across from LT. THOMAS and OFFICER SIEGEL. 78.
56) 0) text: Alma and Dylan are at the X-RAY MACHINES. They dump their money and change into bins, as Officer Siegel and Lt. Tho watch on. 79.
56) 4) dialog: Except for the ones receiving anonymous payments from the man who had somehow gained possession of the blueprints to this facility.
56) 6) dialog: Sure I want to. We just don’t know.
57) 0) text: The BEP cops show Dylan and Alma the small space, surroun by MONITORS:
57) 1) dialog: Let’s assume our boys are going to hit this place. Tonight. If you were them, knowing what you know about this facility, how would you get in?
57) 3) dialog: Except for you.
57) 5) dialog: You just opened three doors in a row to allow us in here; clearly you have a master pass that allows you access to the entire building.
57) 7) dialog: Just that if someone wanted to rob this place... it would help if they knew you.
58) 0) text: Dylan and Alma sit side by side, silent. Then:
58) 1) dialog: He’s right.
58) 3) dialog: No arrest. (beat) Fuck that.
64) 0) text: SAC Hernandez snaps at Agent Fuller, Dylan, Alma and Thad Bradley, as well as a handful of FBI agents:
65) 0) text: SEVERAL UNMARKED CARS screech to a halt in the parking lo the doors fly open, and Dylan, Alma Vargas, Agent Fuller Thaddeus Bradley step out, accompanied by a few more AGEN and head toward the arena entrance...
66) 4) dialog: There’s not much left to see, Mr. Atlas. The remains are being examined by our forensic specialists. We’ll have results within the next few hours. But he was identified before the acci-
67) 2) dialog: That’s show business, right? SOME OF TV’S SHOW THE BURNING CAR ON THE FREEWAY as captu on VIDEO: 89.
70) 0) text: Alma Vargas is in the small space with Lt. Thomas and Off Siegel; surrounded by monitors with black and while image
75) 0) text: Alma’s phone buzzes; she raises it to her ear:
75) 1) dialog: What’s up, G-Man?
75) 3) dialog: Tell him there’s no pickup scheduled for tonight.
75) 5) dialog: (into phone) Not until tomorrow morning.
85) 0) text: Dylan and Alma stand by Agent Fuller, who is still shaken
85) 2) dialog: We all screwed up. Nothing to do about it now.
86) 4) text: THADDEUS BRADLEY making their way toward the front of are and ANGLE ON MICHAEL, spotting them; a smile spreads across h face: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) We know you’re all suffering. But this is the biggest audience we’ve had... there’s a lot of you out there. That means we have to come up with our biggest score yet. And money doesn’t grow on trees... (pauses) But it is printed in factories. Michael turns to RODERIGO, who pulls a lever, and a DOZEN HUGE SCREENS descend around Michael, seeming to hover in air -- RODERIGO takes out a HANDHELD VIDEO CAMERA, points at the screens, and THE SCREENS SUDDENLY FILL with an IMAGE OF THE MONEY FACT moving through it, as if filmed by RODERIGO’S CAMERA as h paces the stage. MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Some of these places- like this one- can hold nearly a billion dollars at any given time. Can you believe that? ANGLE ON DYLAN AND ALMA -- Looking at each other; how do these quys do this? MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) And here it is, the room where all that money is held. And there it is, in that glass covered pallet. Newly printed. Almost One. Billion. Dollars. THE AUDIENCE falls into a hush, hardly breathing, at the image of the CAGED ROOM HOLDING THE MONEY on the SCREENS. MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) The government prints it, just like that, whenever they want to. But I think, for once, someone else should decide where it goes, don’t you? THE CROWD ANSWERS WITH AN UPROARIOUS AFFIRMATIVE. 99. MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Alright, then. So, with a single snap of the fingers- Michael turns to the screens- SNAPS. Nothing happens. A beat. Michael turns and shoots a look at Roderigo- who shakes h head, with a look that says: “I don’t know what the hell going on.” MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) This is a really hard one. SNAPS his finger again. Again nothing. Michael waits another moment. Then, recomposing himself, turns back to audience: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like you’re not going to get the finale you were expecting tonight. THE BIGGEST BOO YOU’VE EVER HEARD IN YOUR LIFE. DURING THE CACOPHONY EYE-CONTACT passes between MICHAEL A DYLAN, MICHAEL AND ALMA, MICHAEL AND THADDEUS... various degrees of gloating in their eyes, a tinge of defeat in h then MICHAEL raises his hands, trying to quiet down the crowd: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Is this really why you’re here? For the money? Are you becoming the very people you disdain? The people you come to see us humiliate? Aren’t there more important things in life- like Love. .?
88) 0) text: DYLAN, ALMA, AGENT FULLER and THADDEUS catch a last look
89) 0) text: AN UNMARKED CAR screeches to a stop in the parking lot; Dylan, Alma and Agent Fuller get out and head toward the front doors; we hear on the SOUNDTRACK:
90) 8) dialog: So now these guys have access to high-tech military equipment? 104.
90) 18) dialog: Then who was the body in the car?
90) 27) dialog: Detective Vargas.
90) 29) dialog: Excuse me? 107. BEEP. Hung up. Alma looks around at the others, a sinking feeling overtaking her, and
91) 0) text: Alma is admitted to the area outside the cell by an AGENT she faces the THREE UNIFORMED MEN:
91) 1) dialog: Hey. How you holding up in there?
91) 3) dialog: You... ah... hungry? THE UNIFORMED MEN stare at her, not understanding. ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D) You want some pineapple? THE UNIFORMED MENS’ HEADS DROP like puppets with their strings cut; two of them slump back against the wall, the other falls flat on his face on the ground... He slowly rises, looking completely baffled... confused.. then frightened:
98) 0) text: ALMA VARGAS looks out from behind a car window, in which reflected the approaching figures of DYLAN and his daughter HANNA -- Alma rolls the window dow
98) 2) dialog: Call me Alma. How you doing, Hanna?
98) 5) dialog: In your dreams, G-Man. One of you better get over here in front, if you want to go anywhere today. Hanna climbs into the passenger seat, and Dylan grins:
98) 9) dialog: It’s Detective Vargas to you. And I’m wearing a one-piece. 117.