9) 0) text: A CADILLAC SEVILLE pulls into a driveway, and THADDEUS BRADLEY- the acerbic older man we last saw at the magic s gets out of the car. He sees the arm on his mailbox is up so he reaches for the latch, then FIREWORKS EXPLODE OUT OF THE MAILBOX with a BANG, causing to jump backward. RECORDED LAUGHTER comes from within the Mailbox, like the laughter at the end of Michael Jackson’ “Thriller.” Thaddeus sighs. Clearly this kind of thing happens to him often... INT. LIVING ROOM - THADDEUS’S VILLA - LATER Thaddeus at the bar, mixing himself a MARTINI, while in f the TELEVISION IS ON; we hear the NEWS-REPORT:
14) 10) dialog: Standing in the doorway of the operations room:
14) 11) dialog: -- But I do. I trust you’1ll excuse me for letting myself in unannounced.
14) 14) dialog: My reputation precedes me. Still, “Hate” might be too strong a word.
14) 18) dialog: The ratings were fine. The network simply didn’t know where to place it. Not to mention my books, two of which sat on the New York Times non-fiction best seller list for months.
14) 20) dialog: Isn’t it obvious? (then) I’ve seen countless people try to figure out the mechanisms of countless tricks -- Your faces are not exactly flushed with the thrill of success. Dylan shakes off his anger at Alma’s jibe, and faces Thaddeus.
14) 22) dialog: It’ll take time. Time you don’t have. The clock is on. Three shows in ten days- what you saw was merely the warm up act.
14) 24) dialog: I know show business. The magic business, in particular. And because I know Michael Atlas. (pauses) He was my student. Perhaps my brightest. But everything he knows, he learned from me.
14) 26) dialog: Isn’t that obvious, as well? (no answer) Relevance. (gathers himself) I want my name mentioned in every press conference you give about this case; and when it’s solved, and the Four Horsemen are behind bars, I want to be given the credit for breaking it. That’s what’s in it for me.
14) 28) dialog: When in Rome...
21) 0) text: THADDEUS BRADLEY walks into the auditorium where Dylan, A Fuller and Alma are waiting, standing near the empty stag
21) 1) dialog: My name. Correctly pronounced, every time a press conference is given. Correctly spelled in every press release. And credit for...
21) 3) dialog: And the reason for meeting in such theatrical environs?
21) 5) dialog: And you think anything on this stage or auditorium had anything to do with it? (sighs) You really are an organization of rubes, aren’t you? I’m surprised anyone ever gets caught at all...
21) 9) dialog: The first mistake one could make would be to assume that the robbery actually occurred on the night of the performance -- when it happened some seventy six hours earlier. With the preparations for it taking up at least the better part of the week, on the streets of Paris. IMAGE OF MICHAEL ATLAS, RODERIGO AND LONDON OSBORNE walki through the crowded throng on the CHAMPS ELYSEES, blendin with minimal disguises; a baseball hat, sunglasses, etc.
21) 11) dialog: And fake passports are so hard to pull off? BACK TO DYLAN: Shaking his head:
21) 13) dialog: Well, that would be your area of expertise more than mine, wouldn’t it, Agent Hobbes? I am simply here to tell you that somehow it was accomplished, and-
21) 15) dialog: Talk to the those witnesses again. Ask them if they saw more than one of the Horsemen at a time, and how close they got to them.
21) 17) dialog: Is that so difficult to conceive? Speaking of which, did you enjoy your interrogation of that poor French fellow? What was his name?
21) 19) dialog: Tickets for the Horsemen's shows are sold long in advance. In August there are plenty of French tourists in Vegas. I imagine they advertised heavily on the streets of Paris all of July... IT’S TRUE: As Roderigo follows a man in the metro, he pas a large BILLBOARD for the FOUR HORSEMEN on the wall of th station. THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D) -- They checked the names on the credit card reservations from Paris; then followed those men, photographed several of them to be safe in case of a cancellation, and created make-up for each one... 37.
21) 22) dialog: They couldn't, of course. Why do you think they put him in that ridiculous red jumpsuit before “transporting” him? You didn’t think it was actually for-
21) 25) dialog: The first thing to look for in any illusion is, what is essential and what ig not? Anything that isn’t, disguised as showmanship, is there for a very specific purpose. In this case the red jumpsuit was put on to cover the clothing, its garishness to draw attention from the face and the hastily applied make-up.
21) 27) dialog: To make the illusion real. To make the audience, and you, think what they were seeing was taking place then and there.
21) 31) dialog: For questions like that I refer you to the box set of the first season of my show-
21) 33) dialog: -Available for thirty nine ninety five on Amazon, or on my website. Am I here to teach you parlor tricks or help you solve a crime?
21) 35) dialog: If you examine the vault with those scientific instruments you people are so proud of, I believe you'll find traces of dioxide hydrosulfate. Known colloguially in my circles as "Vanishing Juice.” IMAGES OF HUGE WADS OF EUROS being doused in a chemical b THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D) When paper of a certain make is treated with it, it instigates a chemical reaction that causes complete disintegration, accompanied by rather noxious fumes, exactly eighty hours later. Like milk curdling on a dime. Illusionists have been using it for centuries. The thing is, you have to time your gag just right, or you might miss the moment... IN THE VAULT, WE SEE MICHAEL ATLAS and the disguised MAN PARIS replacing the EUROS that are there with different E from their own bags. THADDEUS (CONT’D) They made counterfeit cash out of this paper- and I'll thank you not to ask me how counterfeit cash is made. They treated it several hours before entering the vault, then switched it with the real money, so that no one would notice anything was missing. In the minimum time remaining they escaped with the real cash, made it to Vegas and on-stage in time for the show. They do their bit, the guards in Paris fling open the vault door and on cue- pffff. There must have been a lot of Credit Lyonnais customers wondering what was happening in their wallets that MOINING««+ IMAGES of FUMES POURING FROM PARISIANS’ POCKETS -- WALLET SMOKING in people’s hands, CASH DISSOLVING IN FRONT OF TH EYES...
21) 37) dialog: Which is, again, your area of expertise. You are going to earn some of your meager salary, aren’t you, Agent Hobbes?
21) 40) dialog: (to Alma) Not bad, detective. I believe you to be correct. But it was not necessarily a willing accomplice. Or should I say, a conscious one... IMAGE OF THE BANK GUARD CAPTAIN, receiving a phone call; scene we saw earlier, right after the performance:
21) 45) dialog: Mentalism- guessing the future and the card in your hand and all that- depends on tricks. Hypnotism is the real deal... IMAGE OF LONDON OSBORNE, disguised as a repair-man, talki earnestly to the GUARD CAPTAIN OF THE BANK; behind them w SEE ALEX HERO, slipping past unseen, sliding a TAPE INTO DRAWER in the back. THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D) -- Practiced by an expert it’s an extremely potent method of inducing its subject to action. Especially action which falls within the scope of the subject’s usual patterns... BACK TO THADDEUS: We move in his darkly intelligent eyes, voice soft: THADDEUS (CONT’D) You referred to us as “circus freaks,” as I recall. So I will tell you this- (pauses) London Osborne is the best at what he does. Much as I dislike these boys, they all are. Their next show is in less than forty eight hours. (MORE)
21) 46) text: THADDEUS (CONT’D) Were I in your shoes, I would not make the mistake of underestimating them. cuT TO:
23) 0) text: Dylan is moving through the densely crowded space, keepin distance between himself and Thaddeus; he whispers into h ear-piece:
36) 0) text: THE CROWD filing in is subjected to metal-detector search by SECURITY GUARDS at the doors; THADDEUS BRADLEY allows himself to be searched, then strolls into the lobby, and
39) 4) dialog: Sitting in a corner seat. As “George Kaplan” passes, Thad allows himself a smile. 51.
42) 1) dialog: Winecing at the music, disgusted, he wads up some toilet and sticks it into his ears, as MICHAEL ATLAS steps to th foot of the stage:
44) 0) text: Agent Fuller finishes filling in Dylan, SAC Hernandez and Thaddeus Bradley:
44) 4) dialog: “George Kaplan.”
44) 6) dialog: I made Michael Atlas in disguise, slipping into the theater at the last minute before the show. Clearly, he got past your eagle- eyes without much of an effort.
44) 8) dialog: She saw someone disguised as Michael Atlas, while Atlas himself was in New York City, disguised as “George Kaplan.” (smiles) He always did have an unhealthy fascination with Cary Grant.
44) 11) dialog: Unlikely. I wouldn’t waste precious time contemplating it.
44) 13) dialog: Which is why you had me followed all day in Atlantic City. Were you my shadow, Agent Hobbes? Whoever it was, I must admit he was rather good, I couldn’t make head or tail of him... Dylan’s face is tight. He says nothing, biting down his embarrassment, as Thaddeus continues: THADDEUS (CONT’D) In any case, it’s your job to make the case stick. I’m here to tell you what I know , which at present is a hell of a lot more than you do. (turns to Agent Fuller) (MORE)
44) 14) text: THADDEUS (CONT’D) -And to spare you the price of a discount DVD: the new phones were simply slipped into the audience’s bags and pockets when they passed through “security”; an illusionist might employ a dozen such sleight of hand artists and cutpurses at any given show.
44) 16) dialog: It wasn’t meant to be. It’s called the “Mezzo”-a kind of entre-acte. Not particularly impressive on its own, but designed to get the audience on your side- which they certainly have succeeded in doing- while laying the groundwork for a final denouement.
44) 18) dialog: The Four Horsemen’s methods might be mysterious, but their motives are not. They’re not after wealth. They’re after fame, immortality. To be mentioned in the same breath as Robert-Houdin, Hermann, Houdini. (pauses) But who would risk life in prison only to remain anonymous in success? This fifth Horseman- and there is a fifth, without a doubt- his motives are as mysterious as his methods.
44) 20) dialog: Is there something you love, Agent Hobbes? That you would protect even at the expense of your own happiness or reputation? Dylan gives no answer. Thaddeus continues: THADDEUS (CONT’D) There is a legend- nothing we magic types love more than a good legend- of a secret sect of magicians that existed at the beginnings of our order’s inception. Perhaps as long ago as ancient Mesopotamia. This sect was known as “The Eye”- (smiles) -Where did you think the Masons got it from? “The Eye” was a cult within a cult; a secret society whose task it was to uphold the honor of the craft- something like your own Internal Affairs Department, yes? And when a rogue magician overstepped his bounds, or misused his craft, it was the task of The Eye to bring him down in a manner that would restore the honor of the order. Thaddeus’s voice is low, but his emotions are boiling: THADDEUS (CONT’D) Most of my “kind” as you put it, have devolved into a shameful lot of showboating Hollywood wannabes and Las Vegas whores. They have turned magic into vulgar pornography. Unfortunately, there is no secret order to protect my beloved art, so I have taken that onerous task upon my own shoulders.
44) 22) dialog: Fire with fire, Agent Hobbes. Alma has entered the doorway, a sheaf of papers in her ha 66.
50) 5) dialog: They did not break into that box only to leave everything in it intact. There has to be something you’re missing.
50) 9) text: DYLAN (CONT’D) Residue from blueprints of some kind. Printed on good old fashioned carbon paper. (to Thaddeus) See, around here, we do real magic.
50) 14) dialog: Actually, the second location was a good deal closer than the first. Their preparation time for this one will be even less, and wherever they’re planning to...
53) 2) dialog: Not that I’ve noticed. 77.
53) 4) dialog: I’1l do my best- That is, if I can make anything out through the haze of onion wafting from that thing you’re shoving into your maw. Crack open a window, will you? Agent Fuller glares at Thaddeus, then reaches for the win release... as the window goes down we see, at the crosswa A HOMELESS MAN in a HOODIE trying to wipe the windshields irate driver’s windows, moving further and further away w each consecutive car, and we
59) 1) dialog: Keep on him. It’s the boy, Alex Hero. No doubt about it. ZOOM IN TO THE “HOMELESS MAN”- and we see there is an EAR PIECE hidden under his hair. His lips are moving. BACK TO AGENT FULLER: who speaks to the CAR-PHONE:
60) 5) dialog: Let me out. I didn’t sign up for this.
64) 5) dialog: Not necessarily. Every head turns toward Thaddeus:
64) 7) dialog: Atlas still doesn’t know we know where he’s planning to strike. He is motivated by ego. He shuffles around in a T-shirt, but ego is what drives him. (then) Challenge him there, and you’1l have your show. You just better start running yours as well as he’s been running his.
65) 0) text: SEVERAL UNMARKED CARS screech to a halt in the parking lo the doors fly open, and Dylan, Alma Vargas, Agent Fuller Thaddeus Bradley step out, accompanied by a few more AGEN and head toward the arena entrance...
66) 0) text: MICHAEL ATLAS is giving directions to the electricians, w he turns to see Thaddeus and the officers striding toward him: 86.
66) 6) dialog: If I’m bitter, it’s about the farce you and your ilk have made of what was an honorable vocation.
66) 10) dialog: There’s nothing you know that I didn’t teach you, boy.
72) 0) text: Dylan, Agent Fuller and Thaddeus Bradley sit low in a car parked behind the building, where they have a view of the closed gates of the LOADING DOCK. It’s awfully quiet. Dylan’s phone vibrates; he talks into his ear-piece:
74) 2) dialog: You’re sure of that, are you?
83) 11) dialog: It’s code. Everyone turns and looks at Thaddeus, who strides over: THADDEUS (CONT’D) Old magician’s code. Houdini’s favorite, for its utter banality. (MORE)
83) 12) text: THADDEUS (CONT’D) During his act, he would ask it of an accomplice, in order to let him know if he was set to go on with a trick. (then) “Cotton,” was the response given, when the answer was “yes.”
86) 4) text: THADDEUS BRADLEY making their way toward the front of are and ANGLE ON MICHAEL, spotting them; a smile spreads across h face: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) We know you’re all suffering. But this is the biggest audience we’ve had... there’s a lot of you out there. That means we have to come up with our biggest score yet. And money doesn’t grow on trees... (pauses) But it is printed in factories. Michael turns to RODERIGO, who pulls a lever, and a DOZEN HUGE SCREENS descend around Michael, seeming to hover in air -- RODERIGO takes out a HANDHELD VIDEO CAMERA, points at the screens, and THE SCREENS SUDDENLY FILL with an IMAGE OF THE MONEY FACT moving through it, as if filmed by RODERIGO’S CAMERA as h paces the stage. MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Some of these places- like this one- can hold nearly a billion dollars at any given time. Can you believe that? ANGLE ON DYLAN AND ALMA -- Looking at each other; how do these quys do this? MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) And here it is, the room where all that money is held. And there it is, in that glass covered pallet. Newly printed. Almost One. Billion. Dollars. THE AUDIENCE falls into a hush, hardly breathing, at the image of the CAGED ROOM HOLDING THE MONEY on the SCREENS. MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) The government prints it, just like that, whenever they want to. But I think, for once, someone else should decide where it goes, don’t you? THE CROWD ANSWERS WITH AN UPROARIOUS AFFIRMATIVE. 99. MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Alright, then. So, with a single snap of the fingers- Michael turns to the screens- SNAPS. Nothing happens. A beat. Michael turns and shoots a look at Roderigo- who shakes h head, with a look that says: “I don’t know what the hell going on.” MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) This is a really hard one. SNAPS his finger again. Again nothing. Michael waits another moment. Then, recomposing himself, turns back to audience: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like you’re not going to get the finale you were expecting tonight. THE BIGGEST BOO YOU’VE EVER HEARD IN YOUR LIFE. DURING THE CACOPHONY EYE-CONTACT passes between MICHAEL A DYLAN, MICHAEL AND ALMA, MICHAEL AND THADDEUS... various degrees of gloating in their eyes, a tinge of defeat in h then MICHAEL raises his hands, trying to quiet down the crowd: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D) Is this really why you’re here? For the money? Are you becoming the very people you disdain? The people you come to see us humiliate? Aren’t there more important things in life- like Love. .?
88) 0) text: DYLAN, ALMA, AGENT FULLER and THADDEUS catch a last look
93) 0) text: A TAXI pulls up in front of the curb, and THADDEUS BRADLE gets out. TITLE READS: Las Vegas - Nevada
93) 1) text: Thaddeus sees the arm on his mailbox is up. Hesitates for second, then opens it: THERE IS A SINGLE LETTER inside the mailbox. Thaddeus reaches in, takes it out, and INT. LIVING ROOM/THADDEUS’S VILLA - MOMENTS LATER Thaddeus is mixing a MARTINI for himself, when he finally notices the print on the letter lying on the bar: READ ME 109. Thaddeus’s eyes narrow. He picks up a knife and opens the envelope, takes out a single slip of paper, on which is written: IN THE BASEMENT. INT. BASEMENT - THADDEUS’S VILLA - MOMENTS LATER The lights come on, illuminating a space crammed to the ceiling with magical bric-a-brac and memorabilia. Thaddeu enters, then stops, as he sees
93) 4) dialog: I’ve been framed, of course. The first evidence which will attest to that fact is the note sitting over- But where the note on the bar was now remains only a HISS SULFUROUS VAPOR. THADDEUS (CONT’D) Right. EXT. THADDEUS’S VILLA - LATER Thaddeus is led into a black sedan by a phalanx of AGENTS we hear on the SOUNDTRACK:
93) 6) dialog: I hardly even know how to use a computer; (MORE)
93) 8) dialog: and I was in Atlantic City the whole time. I am not "George Kaplan..."
93) 10) dialog: If I'm such mastermind why would I be the only one to have left fingerprints lying around? Why would I have all that money in my basement? Why would I be so damned sloppy? IMAGE: Thaddeus in ORANGE JAIL GARB, being led toward LAS VEGAS COUNTY JAIL by TWO LARGE DEPUTIES.
93) 12) dialog: I’ve got nothing on them that would stick, and it would only serve to further implicate me. You know that. IMAGE: Thaddeus being led down a long corridor toward the cell-block: 111.
94) 0) text: Thaddeus and Dylan sit facing each other across the cell:
94) 1) dialog: I will beat these charges.
94) 3) dialog: Agent Hobbes... please. You know I didn’t do this.. Dylan takes a moment; then leans over to Thaddeus, and whispers ever so softly in his ear:
95) 0) text: Thaddeus blinks his eyes, as if awakened from a dream- or nightmare. He looks up to see that Dylan is already on th other side of the gate, and musters his voice to ask: 114.
95) 1) dialog: But... why? Thaddeus stands, walks toward the gate: THADDEUS (CONT’D) You never kept any of the money. The Horsemen are rich, famous beyond measure, but you... why?
95) 3) dialog: The Eye? But that’s insane. It’s a myth... There’s no Secret Order... It’s a bedtime story... But Dylan is already walking away, leaving Thaddeus behin his cell; and
95) 4) dialog: His face trembling with fury and disbelief: THADDEUS (CONT’D) It’s just a goddamn story.