21) 19) dialog: (more lean) Like this?
21) 21) dialog: I put some hips into it like this-—
21) 23) dialog: See, I get the hands too- Ah yeah, boom boom- hands- elbows- boom boom-
21) 25) dialog: Well I- There’s an odd, loud tone from the landline. Krueger’s expression changes, the smile dropping from his face as h stares at it. In fact, the smile doesn’t just disappear, it’s replaced. Replaced by an otherworldly chill, a look so intense and frightening it could only come from a cold, hardened kill
21) 26) dialog: Wake up your mother. Tell her she’s going to have to drive you to school today. The two children go quiet. They know he means business. H walks into the
21) 28) dialog: Kilo Baritone Polo. This is Krueger.
26) 0) text: Krueger is standing alone in cold light of the Oregon sunrise. He checks his watch.
26) 1) dialog: Okay. He clicks his watch, starting a timer. 103 89. INT. PHOEBE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN 103 Mike is standing in his kitchen, smoking a bowl. He surve the destruction of the living room, and sighs.
32) 0) text: Yates is running, frantic. He gets about twenty feet, repeatedly looking behind him, spinning and running STRAI INTO KRUEGER.
32) 1) dialog: Hello Adrian.
34) 0) text: Phoebe, supporting Mike, exits Wal-Mart, and is immediate HIT BY MULTIPLE SPOTLIGHTS. She squints against the light, and turns, seeing Krueger, nearby, surrounded by Seal Team 6, with Lasseter and Yate handcuffed on their knees in front of him. Phoebe looks around, dazed. The Wal-Mart burning behind them, Black Hawk choppers in air overhead, dozens of military vehicles and cop cars ar parked into the lot, it’s CRAZY. They are ready to take d God himself out here.
36) 2) dialog: Diane Lasseter. Adrian Yates.
36) 4) dialog: Shhhhhhhh. Krueger regards them both, shivering there in the cold, w he himself is dressed warmly, and looks comfortable.
36) 5) dialog: All right. He checks his watch. The timer is at 3 HOURS 40 MINUTES.
36) 6) dialog: Let's wrap this up. Lasseter can’t hide an involuntary chill.
36) 8) dialog: To betray the United States and the direct orders of his commanding officer?
36) 10) dialog: Douglas will be dealt with when he’s dealt with. You, on the other hand directly interfered in a government operation. Unsanctioned, without notification, without authorization, you killed an American Government Operative, and share indirect accountability for the deaths of seven civilians and seventeen government assets. Is that correct?
36) 12) dialog: Shhh. 103.
36) 14) dialog: -Operation you created and spearheaded, without any direct authorization-
36) 17) dialog: And was this before or after you created a fake malaria panic, attempted to order a drone strike on a American soil and wiped out an entire small town police force?
36) 19) dialog: No it isn’t.
36) 21) dialog: 
36) 33) dialog: You know there’s a strong chance that’s exactly what’s going to happen.
36) 35) dialog: I’m your source. Lasseter widely hides any kind of reaction.
36) 36) dialog: (long beat) When I called you to notify you the sweep was happening, I did it out respect and courtesy. You’ve made me regret that now. (beat) There is a universe where this is all my fault. But since no one knows that am I am your source, and no one will ever know that I am your source, we are not living in that universe, understood?
36) 38) dialog: My intention was not for you to act like fool child moron and try to save your puppy, the puppy was being put down, I was notifying you of the puppy’s death, not asking you to save the puppy, nor implying that I’d vindicate you saving the puppy. Well the puppy just shit all over everything and lit a Wal- Mart on fire. You have a crazy, scary, rabid puppy that murders people. It’s a bad puppy, and will still need to be put down. You understand that, correct? 106.
36) 40) dialog: Douglas, hell, Douglas might be okay. He called me. You better pray you can find a way to turn this into a win. You better pray and sweat and pull a miracle out of your ass, a fucking Bethlehem make me believe shock the world miracle, because if you can’t... (indicates Yates) That’s you. That’s you. Krueger turns, getting ready to walk away, trudging up th hill. Lasseter steels herself.