7) 102) dialog: EeeheheheheheHEEHEEAHHAHAHAHAHA
14) 4) dialog: No sir. Laugher lets out a weird giggle which he tries to stifle. OoTis We recovered him from the police station thirty minutes ago. Yates climbs up into the truck, sitting across from Laugh
14) 7) dialog: Hit me with a phone. He took my teeth. Laugher holds up two bloody cracked teeth.
14) 8) dialog: But I got them back. Yates stares at him.
16) 109) dialog: I don’t really understand who you are. (beat) They showed me...they showed me how to do so many things. I was so lost. I think the government is my friend? I don’t know. They told me they were doctors? Showed me how to do karate. I did so much training, they showed me how to use all different guns...I saw a swan earlier...I don’t know. I think we have to take the Easter Eggs to...Someone, but-—
16) 111) dialog: I’m going to do something very bad. Laugher trudges off. Mike immediately begins struggling b it’s funny and pathetic instead of being helpful. From ab him, he can hear Laugher moving around, and then, softly:
16) 117) dialog: Gas. Laugher is standing up on the road, pouring out a can of gasoline into the ravine, which pours down into the pipe Mike’s legs.
16) 119) dialog: I’m gonna burn you in a shithole!
16) 121) dialog: 
16) 124) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Laugher pushes Phoebe through the doors into who’s at a computer, hurriedly stands up and gives him the finger. Yates laughs, quickly tossing her a roll of paper towel, which she
17) 6) dialog: Dead.
22) 0) text: Yates is sitting and looking at a picture of Mike on a laptop, drumming his fingers. He notices Phoebe, who’s seated over to the right of him, being watched by Laugher Yates stares at her and she stares back.
29) 0) text: The Wal-Mart is dark as Yates and the assets enter. Yates with Laugher dragging Phoebe in tow, hurries towards the as the rest of the assets follow loosely and then- THE JEEP COMES crashing through the front doors of the Wa Mart, fireworks EXPLODING INDOORS. The assets are dazed. Mike HOPS OUT, and we enter a THE M
29) 15) dialog: Yeah okay. Laugher starts towards Mike, as Yates retreats back into Employees Only hallway. ...-But Mike is suddenly gone. Laugher looks around, confused.
29) 16) dialog: -..-Don’t hide. Come out. Don’t hide. I want to talk to you.
31) 0) text: Laugher is looking around the burning Wal-Mart.
31) 1) dialog: Were you crazy too? Were you a person who was exceptional like me or are you a different type of exceptional, do you...can you move me? Will you move me? I feel like I need to be moved, you know, please move me-