5) 44) dialog: Mike, sup nigga. Got that for me?
5) 47) dialog: Aw man. Aw shit man. This is siiiiiiiick! Rose slaps hands with Mike, who smiles, but seems to be waiting for something- ROSE (CONT’D) Aw here man it’s cool I got you, I got you nigga-nogga. Rose goes to the back of his truck, pulling down a big bo
5) 48) dialog: This is more illegal than the shit you usual get, feel me? Possession of this shit is serious shit up in a bitch, yeah? Bitch shit to be shit bitching all over this shit, fuck, you know what I mean nigga? Mike has opened the box, and is looking down at a two doz high-explosive illegal mortar fireworks.
5) 50) dialog: You gonna make it real romantic for that pussy. (MORE )
5) 52) dialog: That’s some serious proposal engagement wedding type life changer shit.
5) 54) dialog: You one sensitive nigga, bitch. That’s gonna be cute. Mike laughs and hugs Rose.
11) 40) dialog: (under gas mask)
14) 15) dialog: This is Big Harold and Quinzin. Niggas this is Mike and Phoebe.
14) 19) dialog: What? And you ain’t tell me? Mike you don’t even like football.
14) 21) dialog: 
14) 27) dialog: That doesn’t make me feel better, nobody tells you shit!
14) 29) dialog: It’s all conspiracies tonight, baby... 53.
14) 31) dialog: Didn't you hear, man, the town is under government wildfire outer- space shit, straight Andromeda Strain disease bacteria shit-
14) 33) dialog: You haven't seen, fuckin’ look at the TV man! Phoebe and Mike turn to the TVs.
14) 43) dialog: Which lady? Why the fuck ya’ll on
14) 48) dialog: 
14) 53) dialog: Fuck a calm down! Rose and his lackies raise their guns on Mike and Phoebe.
14) 56) dialog: I want answers, now! Mike and Phoebe exchange a look.
14) 58) dialog: Okay. Okay. Then for the moment, you two gotta go into quarantine. INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - WORKOUT ROOM 54 Mike and Phoebe are roughly pushed into Rose’s workout ro tripping over the gym equipment.
14) 60) dialog: 
16) 37) dialog: ...the fuck is this? EXT. ROSE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 61 The entire house has been tented, like for fumigation. BOURBON, an asset with marine-style red mohawk, stands outside of Rose’s tented house. He’s activating some sort fumigator, which is pouring a green fog into the house
16) 39) dialog: What the fuck is going on... Rose stands, and there’s a noise at the door- ALL THREE M
16) 47) dialog: Nah, hell nah, there’s something, there’s- The lights cut off for a moment. When they come back up, new figure stands in the room. It’s a skinny, muscular man wearing a sleeveless bullet p vest. His skin is covered in do-it-yourself tattoos, the scribbling of an insane person, but his hair is short, military cropped. This is NEWTON. He raises a sawed off shotgun.
16) 48) dialog: ...now who’s this freaky motherfu- NEWTON BLASTS ROSE. 65 62. Rose is knocked violently backwards by the blast, Big Har raises the magnum, and Newton dodges three shots, sharply tilting and leaning his body as he swiftly crosses the ro to Big Harold, hopping over furniture and strikes him onc the face, killing him, then tucks rolls and somersaults u strike Quinzin, who’s still trying to reload once in the of the head, killing him as well. Newton killed everyone in the room in roughly four second He pulls on a gas mask, and turns to the gym door as gree fog rises all around him. INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - GYM - CONTINUOUS 65 Phoebe pulls herself all the way up into the ceiling as t door BURSTS OPEN and Newton comes into the blacklights. He raises Quinzin’s magnum, and Mike dodges two blasts as they both move towards each-other; again BAM BAM BAM krav Maga exchange of hits before Newton KICKS MIKE TO THE GRO Phoebe, in the ceiling above him, pulls an amazing “oh sh face. Her flinching makes enough noise for Newton to noti and he looks up and starts shooting into the ceiling.
38) 6) text: MAURY Povitch is interviewing Rose, who’s seated next to big fat chinese woman who looks mad. Up on a big screen there’s an image of a half-chinese baby.
38) 8) dialog: That's right, it is unfeasible that that baby could be mine.
38) 10) dialog: Yes sir. Yes sir Maury, I was involved in an incident, a violent incident ten months ago, clandestine and sworn to secrecy, but it has left me unfertile.
38) 12) dialog: Yes sir unfertile and barren.