0) 0) text: CHRIS GARDNER, sits on a park bench with his girlfriend L near a busy amusement park pier in Venice. Linda is a few months pregnant. Chris wears a navy Seaman’s uniform. Oth sailors wait near a small bus across the street; one is waving Chris over. The script Venice, California 1976 appears.
0) 2) dialog: (to Linda, calmly) I’m almost out. One more year. Then I’1l get a good job. And I’1l take care of him. Hey. Chris has said “hey” to get Linda to face him because she hasn’t been. She does. CHRIS (CONT’D) I never had a dad. That’s not going to happen to him. I’1l always take care of him.
0) 4) dialog: What kind of thing?
0) 6) dialog: I’1l get some good work after the navy. It’s going to be fine. It’s going to be. Chris makes a brave face for Linda, but something about h demeanor shows he knows, because of the pregnancy, that h in a hard spot now he never wished to be in.
2) 0) text: Chris waits to cross a street in San Francisco. He’s with son CHRISTOPHER, 5. Chris wears a coat and tie and carrie pretty large, square machine of some kind. The script San Francisco, 1981 appears.
2) 2) dialog: For your birthday gifts?
2) 4) dialog: Well, you know, you’re just going to get a couple things.
2) 6) dialog: Can you spell everything you’re thinking of? Christopher thinks about it.
2) 8) dialog: Okay. Make a list. That’s smart. The light changes. They start to cross. CHRIS (CONT’D) Are you doing okay in here? Chris has nodded up ahead to a city-neighborhood, cut-ra daycare.
2) 10) dialog: I’m taking the bus back from Oakland. I don’t know when I’1l1 get home. EXT. MRS. CHU’S DAYCARE, SAN FRANCISCO - LATER Chris leaves the daycare building after leaving Christoph there. But he turns and looks back at the building. He’s looking at their poorly-maintained mural of kids playing. The paint’s peeling. There’s graffiti over kid’s faces. And someone’s written Fuck in spray paint on it. Then Chris looks at the daycare motto painted above. mrs. Chu’s Daycare. Fun, Joy, Happyness. Chris looks at the wo Happyness. Time passes. Then he speaks to a Chinese dayca maintenance worker who’s sweeping out there.
2) 11) dialog: That’s misspelled.
2) 13) dialog: Happiness? There’s no y. After p. The guy keeps sweeping. Chris keeps looking at the wall, he looks inside the window at his son. Inside there, Christopher’s playing with blocks by himself - he looks m lonesome than pleased.
3) 0) text: While Christopher plays quietly, Chris stands outside the window looking in. Christopher doesn’t see him.
3) 1) dialog: I’m Chris Gardner. EXT. MRS. CHU’S - SAME Chris remains at the window on the San Francisco sidewalk looking in at his son. He’s watching Christopher play with the blocks alone ins There, a dog no one’s paying attention to walks right acr the kid’s play area over to a food bowl; there’s spilled laying around his bowl. It’s a cramped, unhappy setting f kids. Then Chris looks away from the window.
3) 2) dialog: This is part of my life story. He looks at his watch. Late for something, Chris starts running off with his machine.
4) 0) text: Chris sits on a bus bench in the city; the guy beside him drunk Filipino with a screw loose, 60, in a T-shirt that reads World’s Greatest Dad. Chris keeps the machine on hi lap. The two sit there waiting for the bus.
4) 1) dialog: This part, in the eighties... this part’s called Riding the Bus. All of a sudden, the Filipino guy faces Chris and looks astonished.
5) 0) text: Chris waits for a transfer bus on a bench alone; he’s sta at the machine on his lap.
5) 1) dialog: Where would I go if it was one? If it was a time machine I wondered.
6) 0) text: Chris carries his scanner as he walks through the city.
6) 1) dialog: Two years back, probably, before I took this job.
7) 0) text: A DOCTOR and Chris part company before the entranceway to Francis Hospital. Chris still has his scanner.
7) 1) dialog: This thing was unnecessary and expensive. It gave a slightly denser picture than an x-ray, for a ton more money.
8) 0) text: A still image of Chris standing among a crowd of San Franciscans waiting for a walk light; he’s staring at the scanner like he has personal hard feelings toward it.
8) 1) text: This was the business I bought into, when we moved to San Francisco. *what follows is a montage of still images of Chris with scanner in assorted places around San Francisco, waiting corners, waiting for the bus.
9) 0) text: Chris walks up a sidewalk. A guy leaves a parked Mercedes short distance ahead of him. Chris has been watching him.
9) 1) dialog: (making eye contact) Hey...
9) 3) dialog: How are you doing?
9) 5) dialog: (smiling) Did you have to go to college to do your job?
10) 0) text: Chris runs along the sidewalk beyond a busy Oakland stree he’s carrying his scanner.
10) 1) dialog: That’s my car. In the foreground, among the cars parked on the streetsid is a hazel Riviera with a yellow Denver boot locked down the front wheel. A policeman writes a ticket beside the c
10) 2) text: Chris jogs with the scanner up the walkway to the main entrance of Oakland Memorial Hospital.
10) 3) dialog: There’s limited parking near hospitals.
11) 0) text: Chris rides up the elevator, holding his scanner box.
11) 1) dialog: I made four hundred and eighteen dollars on each sale.
12) 0) text: Chris carries his scanner down a long hallway.
12) 1) dialog: A thirty dollar ticket every three days was a business expense. I thought I’d take it out of the commission on my scanners. As I sold them.
13) 0) text: Chris walks out the same doors he entered on his way in; STILL HAS THE SCANNER, THOUGH.
13) 1) dialog: I just wasn’t selling any. INT. CHRIS’S HAZEL RIVIERA - LATER This is a shot through the windshield of Chris’s parked c Bright orange tickets cover the lower half of the windshi Chris is visible through the clear space of the glass walking across the street up ahead, carrying his scanner.
13) 2) dialog: And I needed at least one commission a week to cover rent and daycare.
14) 0) text: Later, Chris sits on a bus bench beside an unaccompanied Chinese kid trying to play a trumpet; it’s nearly evening
14) 1) text: (facing the kid) Would you stop that? The kid stops and faces Chris.
14) 3) dialog: So... the bus... The bus pulls up.
14) 5) dialog: All I’m saying... riding the bus somedays is a drag. The kid’s playing the trumpet somewhere behind him. Chris sits there for a while. He’s sharing the row with a real heavy guy and he’s sort of over against the wall with his machine.
14) 6) dialog: I remember... I think it was this day... I remember I actually tried it. Chris looks down at his scanner.
14) 7) dialog: Just in case that crazy fucker was somehow right. Chris keeps staring at the machine.
14) 8) dialog: I had this stupid thought, or wish that maybe he was right and everyone else was crazy, and maybe I was a time traveler and didn’t know it and could really go somewhere else if I pushed the button. CLOSE ON CHRIS as he considers this. He puts his finger the black button.
14) 9) dialog: And I actually pushed the button... like an idiot... Chris pushes the button on his medical machine.
14) 10) dialog: ...and went nowhere. Chris sits there for a moment. He’s gone nowhere of cours Soon, he turns and looks out the window. The city’s going beyond him.
15) 0) text: Chris walks down the sidewalk with the scanner. He comes a young man paying a meter for a parked Ferrari; Chris ha looked at the guy and the car.
15) 1) dialog: (to the guy, saying hi) Hey.
15) 3) dialog: Can I ask you something?
15) 5) dialog: (to the guy) What do you do?
15) 7) dialog: Yeah.
15) 9) dialog: Do you have to go to college? 10.
15) 11) dialog: Yeah. More time goes by.
16) 0) text: Linda cleans up after dinner. Chris walks past and sees a RUBIK’S CUBE resting on a kitchen counter
16) 1) dialog: What’s this?
16) 3) dialog: From who?
16) 5) dialog: What is it?
16) 7) dialog: I filed an extension...
16) 9) dialog: I had to file another one. The bill was six hundred and fifty. I’1l have it in September.
16) 11) dialog: Yeah. Some. Money seems to be a source of conflict for them. Rather t deal with it further, Linda leaves the room. Chris remain there.
17) 0) text: Chris has come out on the patio idly with the cube; it’s a patio in the sense that one would derive enjoyment from sitting there. It’s cement space outside the kitchen. Eac small apartment in the complex has one, so Chris is sitti five feet from his neighbor’s patios on either side. He’s started messing with the cube. Time passes like this whil Chris, over a minute or so in real time, SOLVES THREE SID OF THE RUBIK’S CUBE COMPLETELY. His thoughts are somewher else, though, so he doesn’t care to finish. He just puts thing down and goes back inside.
18) 0) text: Chris and Linda share the real small space of their bathr Chris brushes his teeth. Linda’s finishing dressing for w they’re in the middle of an argument.
18) 1) dialog: (upset about it) Does he have to be in daycare from 6:30 in the morning?
18) 3) dialog: I need to be in the financial district. Before work. 12.
19) 0) text: Chris has followed Linda into their bedroom.
19) 1) dialog: I just want to go by Dean Witter. Before work.
19) 3) dialog: I want to see about a job.
19) 5) dialog: I want some information about a job there.
19) 7) dialog: Stockbroker. Linda looks at Chris like he’s aiming off the mark for wh likely or best for them. CHRIS (CONT’D) I could go through a math book ina week when I was a kid. I want to see about it.
19) 9) dialog: I’1l go by during the day.
19) 11) dialog: Christopher...
20) 0) text: Chris and his son have breakfast. The table’s in the kitc The kitchen’s real small. It’s pretty early. Christopher’ holding a cereal spoon. But his eyes are closed and he’s motionless. Chris looks over at him.
20) 1) dialog: (trying to wake him up) Pssst. Christopher’s eyes open. Chris looks at him. There’s a sm black and white TV on the counter that plays local news; there, a field reporter’s holding a Rubik’s Cube up for t camera.
21) 0) text: Chris is freshly dressed for work and is holding a scanne he sits waiting for the San Francisco city bus. 14. The kid with the trumpet sits beside him, playing it. Chr stares straight ahead like he’s determined about somethin
22) 0) text: Businessmen and women walk around the financial district. Soon, Chris becomes visible, turning a corner onto the sa sidewalk, joining the group of traders and brokers. He st and looks across the street at a Dean Witter branch offic he’s holding the scanner. Then he turns back the way he c
23) 0) text: Down the street, Chris speaks with a GIRL JUNKIE who sits couple steps up apartment stairs off the sidewalk. The scanner rests at Chris’s feet; Chris holds some dollar bi
23) 1) dialog: Can I give you a couple dollars? You can watch this for me? I’m going in for a meeting. I don’t want to bring this in and look small time.
23) 3) dialog: (doesn’t want her to steal it) It can’t be sold anywhere. It’s medical equipment. It can’t be sold anywhere. I can’t even sell them, and it’s my job. I’1l give you some more money when I get back.
24) 0) text: Chris sits alone in the reception area. Then TIM BROPHY enters the room.
24) 2) dialog: (standing quickly) Hi. 15.
25) 0) text: Chris and Tim Brophy have come outside to a nearby public park square. They’re mid-conversation, sitting together o the low, perimeter wall of the park fountain.
25) 2) dialog: Thanks... TIM BROPHY (CONT’D) We have a resume sheet, too. We’ve had a lot of applications, though. We're out.
25) 4) dialog: Mr. Brophy, I have to go.
25) 6) dialog: I have to. Thanks. Then Chris rises and runs off.
26) 0) text: Chris sprints through a large group of young market trade on break. 16.
27) 0) text: The girl junkie with the scanner takes the stairs up to t train. It’s a long shot that shows city sidewalk a good distance behind her; Chris is visible down there running toward her. But the train comes and blocks the view. The train sits there, obscuring anything that’s happening beh it. After a while, it moves along, and when it’s totally of frame it reveals Chris standing on the station platfor all alone without his scanner, having reached it too late
27) 1) dialog: I rode up and down looking for her. That day.
27) 4) dialog: There were three blank lines after “High School” to list more education. The program took just twenty people every six months. One got a job. The internship paid nothing.
28) 0) text: Chris leaves a train later with some others. He walks acr the platform toward the stairs, then he puts the applicat in the trash can by the steps and keeps walking.
29) 0) text: It’s just sunrise so there’s little traffic. Chris and Christopher leave Linda at a bus stop bench for her ride work and start walking off on their own somewhere; Chris carries a scanner, Christopher a backpack.
29) 2) dialog: (trying to be light- hearted about it) I’m going to. Say goodbye to it. Because I’m coming back without it.
29) 4) dialog: (trying to kid) You didn’t have to add “good riddance.”
30) 0) text: Chris and Christopher have walked farther into east San Francisco, past a park where one guy’s shooting baskets. Christopher’s watching him.
30) 1) dialog: That’s not how you spell it.
30) 3) dialog: P-p-y. It’s an “i.” Happiness.
30) 5) dialog: Yeah. It’s just not spelled right
30) 7) dialog: Yeah. But that’s not part of the motto. So... you’re not supposed to learn that. It’s a grown up word. To show anger, and other things. Drop it, okay? 18.
30) 9) dialog: What’s it say on your bag? That tape?
30) 11) dialog: What’s it say?
30) 13) dialog: Yeah.
30) 15) dialog: Ten Gallon Head...
30) 17) dialog: I lived in Louisiana, near Texas. Before I joined the navy. People wore cowboy hats. A ten gallon’s a big hat. I was good at school. I was smart when I was a kid, so they called me Ten Gallon Head.
30) 19) dialog: Hoss?
30) 21) dialog: How do you know Bonanza?
30) 23) dialog: You watch Bonanza at daycare? Christopher’s gotten distracted by a Chinese pushcart passing. CHRIS (CONT’D) Hey. You watch Bonanza at daycare? Christopher nods. CHRIS (CONT’D) When?
30) 25) dialog: When do you watch it? After snack? After your nap?...
30) 27) dialog: (quietly) Fuck...
30) 29) dialog: (distracted, thinking about the TV issue) What did you pick?
30) 31) dialog: Okay... EXT. MS. CHU’S DAYCARE - LATER Out front of the daycare doorway, in the San Francisco neighborhood, Chris holds a conversation with elderly, Chinese MRS. CHU.
30) 32) dialog: He says he’s watching TV. 20. She shows Chris an inch distance between her thumb and forefinger.
30) 34) dialog: Love Boat?
30) 36) dialog: That’s not the navy.
30) 38) dialog: He could watch TV at home. We pay three hundred dollars a month. I’m going to take him out if you’re watching TV.
31) 0) text: Chris stands on a platform, with his scanner, waiting for train. Chris looks across the tracks. CHRIS’S POV THE TRASH CAN CHRIS PUT HIS APPLICATION IN rests on the opposite platform from his. Chris stands across the tracks looking at it. 21.
31) 2) dialog: This part of my life’s called... running. Like a bolt, Chris takes off running. He sprints with his scanner toward the platform steps down.
32) 0) text: To reach the other side, Chris must run with his scanner through the station underground pass-through.
33) 0) text: Chris has grabbed his application out of the can and take off for the stairs as the train pulls in across the track
34) 0) text: Chris runs back through the underground pass.
35) 0) text: Chris reaches the other platform and sprints toward the closing doors of the metro train. He jumps in as the door close and the train rolls off.
36) 0) text: Chris stands outside the skyscraper lobby with his scanne and application.
36) 1) dialog: I was waiting for Witter resource head Jay Twistle, whose name sounded so delightful, like he’d give you a job and a hug. A tall, thin businessman MR. TWISTLE walks up toward the entranceway from a cab.
36) 2) dialog: Hi, are you Mr. Twistle?
36) 4) dialog: I’m Chris Gardner. Chris shows him the application. CHRIS (CONT’D) I wanted to drop this off personally and make your acquaintance. They described you in the office. I thought I might catch you on your way in.
36) 6) dialog: I’d appreciate the opportunity to discuss what may seem like weaknesses in my application.
37) 0) text: Chris speaks on a pay phone. The scanner rests at his fee
37) 1) dialog: Chris Gardner for Dr. Delsey. (listening) I’m running late for a sales call. Acro. It’s with Dr. Delsey and Dr. Cross. (listening) Can we still do it? In a half-hour? Then CHRIS CATCHES SIGHT OF SOMETHING. CHRIS’S POV Across the street, in a slice of space between skyscraper Chris has seen the girl junkie and A BOYFRIEND walking by THE GUY’S GOT CHRIS’S MEDICAL EQUIPMENT. Chris stares at them from across the street. He wants to off the phone and chase the pair, but the receptionist is still speaking. 23.
37) 2) dialog: Okay. (listening) I’1l see you then. Okay. Thank you. Chris hangs the phone up and takes off running.
38) 0) text: The girl and her boyfriend have taken Chris’s stuff to a stop. They’re in a line of folks boarding the city bus. C comes running up the street behind them. The bus pulls aw Chris is right behind it, though, and never lets up runni he’s pretty strong and fast and can keep up with the bus the sidewalk.
38) 1) dialog: That was my stolen machine... unless she was with a guy who sold them, too.. THE FRAME FREEZES on Chris in mid sprint
38) 5) dialog: ...which was unlikely because I had the whole Bay area in my contract...
39) 0) text: With the help of a warehouse worker, Chris loads scanners into the back of a rented van. Linda waits beside it, loo on.
39) 1) dialog: ...which meant I more or less owned these things. Which seemed like a good idea at the time...
40) 0) text: Chris, Linda and the warehouse guy carry scanners up the stairwell steps to Chris and Linda’s apartment.
40) 1) dialog: .. because I didn’t know yet that doctors and hospitals would regard them as unnecessary luxuries. 24. CHRIS(cont 'd) I even asked the warehouse man to take a picture. INT. CHRIS’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - DAY (FLASHBACK) Because of a lack of space, Chris has had to stack the scanners along the living room wall. There are thirty of stacked up there. Chris stands in front of the stack with Linda. They’re posing for the picture. Chris smiles from enthusiasm of a new endeavor. IN FACT, HE OFFERS A THUMBS
40) 5) dialog: ....80 if I lost one, it was like losing groceries. For a month.
41) 0) text: Chris runs hard to keep up with the bus; he’s still got h scanner. The bus is pulling up to a corner stop; he’s goi to catch it. Chris has reached the bus and goes right in in front of commuters who were waiting.
42) 0) text: Chris walks past the driver without paying fare.
42) 2) dialog: Hey...
43) 0) text: The bus doors have opened to let commuters off at a corne Soon, Chris leaves the bus with two bone density scanners places them on the sidewalk to rest. He checks his watch. He’s late for his sales call. He picks the scanners up an starts running with them again.
44) 0) text: Chris runs through San Francisco with both scanners.
44) 1) dialog: I carried them because I got paid at installation. EXT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO HOSPITAL - LATER Chris sits at a board table across from a pair of doctors Both scanners rest on the table top.
44) 2) dialog: I could even install today.
45) 0) text: Chris carries both scanners across a city intersection.
46) 0) text: Chris has retrieved Christopher and holds both scanners a they wait for the train. Christopher’s looking at him.
46) 2) dialog: Forget what?
46) 4) dialog: I know.
46) 6) dialog: Yeah, I know. INT. KITCHEN, CHRIS’S APARTMENT - LATER Linda sets dinner out. Chris enters the kitchen with his LINDA LOOKS AT THE SCANNERS HE CARRIES, taking notice Chr didn’t sell them.
46) 7) dialog: Hey...
47) 0) text: Later, after dinner at the kitchen table, Christopher has opened a birthday gift. Chris hands him a second one - a wrapped basketball.
47) 2) dialog: (smiling) How do you know it’s a basketball? The child’s pretty smart and gets the humor in the fact t gift was obvious. CHRIS (CONT’D) Maybe it’s an ant farm.
47) 4) dialog: We’1l go play soon. Okay?
48) 0) text: Chris passes through the living room. A wide shot shows TWENTY SCANNERS STACKED along the wall there. EXT. PATIO, CHRIS’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Linda’s out on the small setting of the third floor patio balcony. THERE’S AN OLD NEIGHBOR BEATING A SMALL RUG on t balcony right beside her, and another one smoking on a la chair just to her left. Chris comes out and finds her the they don’t say anything for a while.
48) 1) dialog: (having to whisper because the neighbors are close) It was a fucked up day. I went by Dean Witter. I ended up having to run somebody down. Someone tried to run off--
48) 3) dialog: Whatever? What are you talking about? THE GUY KEEPS BEATING THE RUG beside them. Chris looks ov at him; it’s getting to Chris.
48) 5) dialog: What do you mean whatever?
48) 7) dialog: (having to whisper, meaning believe in him) Hang on. 28.
48) 9) dialog: Can you hang on? The guy keeps beating the rug. CHRIS (CONT’D) Can you just hang on. The guy beats the rug. It sets Chris off. CHRIS (CONT’D) (yelling) Roy. Hey. Beat your little rug when no one else is out here. Can you?
48) 11) dialog: We’re talking. The man lays the rug on the balcony rail. Chris seems to regret he laid into such an old guy. But he faces Linda again.
48) 12) dialog: (still whispering) I’m saying... just hang on. we’1l come out of it. It’s going to be fine.
48) 14) dialog: What? You don’t trust me?
49) 0) text: It’s not yet light. Chris and his son walk to work and daycare again
50) 0) text: They wait at a corner to cross. Beyond them, the sun’s ju coming up. A car’s passing; Christopher starts to cross without looking.
50) 1) dialog: (stopping him) Christopher, look. I know it’s early. But wake up.
51) 0) text: Chris is dressed for work and stands outside Dean Witter holding a scanner and waiting for Twistle as he approache from the street.
51) 1) dialog: Mr. Twistle. The two shake hands. CHRIS (CONT’D) Chris Gardner. We met a couple weeks ago. I gave you an application--
51) 3) dialog: I’m sorry. Twistle continues on his way. Chris watches him go.
52) 0) text: The Disney picture The Fox and The Hound plays on the the screen. Chris sits in the audience with his son. Chris watches th picture for a time. Soon, he turns to check on Christophe and finds him asleep. He looks at his son for a while, getting the idea clearly that the way he lives is wearing son out. 30.
53) 0) text: On another day, Chris, with a scanner, runs along a sidew in the financial district, past the Transamerica building
54) 0) text: Chris waits in his now familiar spot before the Dean Witt skyscraper. Jay Twistle leaves the building. As he approa a cab, Chris approaches him.
54) 1) dialog: Mr. Twistle?
54) 3) dialog: Chris Gar--
54) 5) dialog: I submitted an application for the intern program. I hoped I could sit down with you for a moment
54) 7) dialog: Me, too. Can we share a ride maybe? Twistle looks back at Chris.
54) 9) dialog: a lot of my family members were in the navy. I just decided to join after high-school... Chris is looking across the cab back seat; he’s disappoin by what he sees. 31. What Chris sees is Twistle sitting across from him, playi with a Rubik’s Cube and half-listening to Chris. CHRIS (CONT’D) : I planned on going to college, but I started a family before I was discharged and began working... Twistle’s still messing with the cube while Chris is talk CHRIS (CONT’D) Mr. Twistle, I’m trying to...
54) 11) dialog: I can do it.
54) 13) dialog: I can.
54) 15) dialog: Give it to me. Twistle looks at Chris. After a moment, he hands him the Rubik’s Cube. Chris looks at it as he begins to make some corrections on it.
54) 16) dialog: (good-natured) You really fucked it up.
54) 18) dialog: It’s all... (looking out at the street) How far away are we? 32.
54) 20) dialog: Yes, I can.
54) 22) dialog: Yeah, I can. Twistle’s smiling now. Chris sits in the back of the cab twisting the thing backwards and forwards. Twistle watche The cab driver looks on in the rear view mirror. He’s got Rubik’s Cube on the seat beside him. Chris continues moving the thing around. Twistle continues watching. The cab driver keeps watching as well. Chris has two sides solid already. Twistle looks on. The cabbie pulls up to where Twistle was headed. No one leaves the cab. Chris keeps working on the cube. He stops a while, though. Some part of it’s got him hung up. He st at it. Everyone’s gone quiet in anticipation of Chris succeeding or not. Chris figures something out, turns the thing three times. Then he shows the finished cube to Twistle. Twistle looks back at Chris.
54) 25) dialog: Yes. Twistle has stepped out of the cab. 33.
54) 28) dialog: Go over to Pacific... The cab pulls out. Chris rides in the back. He sees somet that troubles him. CHRIS’S POV Chris is looking at the cab fare meter. It reads $17.30. Chris’s expression imparts he doesn’t have the fare. As t cab drives along, Chris grows more concerned.
55) 0) text: An exterior shot of the cab in traffic. Chris’s door open violently and he bolts out.
56) 0) text: Chris has run onto Hyde Street. He’s faster than the driv and pulls away.
57) 0) text: Chris has turned into an alley off Polk. He stays there f while. The cab driver walks by out on Polk. He’s looking Chris. He’s lost him. The driver heads back for his cab. Chris should feel like he’s in the free and clear. He doe for a while, then he takes notice that he’s standing ther empty-handed and realizes he left his scanner in the cab. 34.
57) 1) dialog: Fuck...
58) 0) text: As the cab driver returns to where his cab waits in traff CHRIS RUNS RIGHT BACK PAST HIM, and the driver starts cha him again.
59) 0) text: Chris tries to sprint while carrying the scanner.
60) 0) text: Chris runs through a public square park. He’s starting to drag. He comes to a rest bench. He must rest and puts his scanner on the bench. As Chris catches his breath, he see the driver come into view running toward him from not too off. Chris looks at the scanner; he has to leave it to get awa it represents money he needs though, and leaving it’s difficult. Chris looks back at the driver then he leaves running. Soon, the driver reaches the bench where the scanner rest He knows he can’t catch Chris now that Chris isn’t haulin something. So he just gives up. He stops. He watches Chri run off at the far side of the square.
61) 0) text: Later, the driver sits across the street from the square. He’s doing surveillance on the abandoned scanner that sti remains in the middle of the square; he’s waiting to chas Chris when he reclaims it. Chris is on a pay phone across the street from the opposi side of the square. He sees the driver; the driver doesn’ see Chris; Chris watches the driver and scanner.
61) 2) dialog: (to the phone) I’m going to be home late. 35.
61) 4) dialog: Leaving where?
61) 6) dialog: Leaving our place?
61) 8) dialog: Wait... Linda hangs up. Chris has been surprised. He’s thrown and real unsettled. He looks over at the scanner. Then he tak change from his pocket. He’s taken a quarter and nickel o He looks at them. CLOSE ON the heads side of the nickel: the profile of THO JEFFERSON. Chris looks at it. Then he looks up across the street.
61) 9) dialog: The train was coming every four minutes. There’s a city train platform in the distance behind the street the driver waits at
61) 10) dialog: I could get my scanner, get past him somehow, and if I timed it right, jump right on and roll off. Chris looks forty yards across the square at his scanner. Then Chris just jumps out and goes for it. Across the street, the driver’s distracted and doesn’t se Chris across the square on a straight line for his equipm Chris has reached the scanner and grabbed it. He’s got to by the driver to get the train. He sees that it’s coming around the bend to the west. Meanwhile, the driver’s seen Chris and stands up to stop from running by. 36. Chris reaches him, jukes him, then takes off after the tr
61) 11) dialog: I was thinking... I don’t know...
62) 0) text: Chris runs for the train; the driver chases him. The trai at the platform stop Chris runs toward.
62) 1) dialog: I was thinking about Thomas Jefferson.
63) 0) text: Chris has reached the station and puts his change in the turnstile machine.
63) 1) dialog: ...And the Declaration of Independence.
64) 0) text: Chris runs up the station steps to the platform.
64) 1) dialog: And the passage about our right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. For real.
65) 0) text: Chris has come up to the platform and found the train the he runs toward the open doors of the closest car.
65) 1) dialog: And I remember thinking... how did he know to put the pursuit part in there. That happiness... The doors are closing.
65) 2) dialog: ...Maybe it’s just something you’1l never have. No matter. How did he know that? He was a smart person I always admired. Chris tries to jam in past the doors coming together. The clipped the scanner and caused Chris to drop it. It lands the platform broken up. 37. Now Chris is on the other side of the train door with no to open it. Chris looks through the glass at the scanner. train starts to roll away; Chris keeps looking at the sca as the train takes him away from the platform. EXT. CHRIS’S NEIGHBORHOOD, SAN FRANCISCO - LATER (EVENING Later, when it’s become dark, Chris walks home through hi city neighborhood. INT. CHRIS’S APARTMENT - LATER Chris looks across his living room at the stacks of Acro Density Scanners he can’t sell; THE ODD FEATURE OF THIS
66) 0) text: Chris has come out front. He’s looking over the lot acros the street to see if there’s some trace of Linda and Christopher going. He doesn’t see them. He remains there a while; he’s facing the idea Christopher’s gone. A phone rings from his open apartment. Chris looks that way. Then jogs toward his place. INT. CHRIS’S APARTMENT - LATER As the phone rings, Chris runs in past the landlord hangi around the doorway.
66) 2) dialog: Hello. MAN’S VOICE Chris?
66) 3) dialog: Yeah. MAN’S VOICE Jay Twistle. Chris is surprised. It takes him a moment to respond.
66) 4) dialog: Hi... MAN’S VOICE Dean Witter.
66) 5) dialog: Hi... MAN’S VOICE Do you still want to come by and visit? After a moment, Chris tries to make his voice come over casually, but it’s an opportunity he’s been long chasing he’s shaken by it.
66) 6) dialog: Yes. MAN’S VOICE Come on by. Let’s sit down with a couple colleagues of mine. Do you have a pen and paper? Chris looks around in the drawers, the tabletops; he grab stray piece of paper from the counter. He doesn’t have a He just stands there.
66) 7) dialog: Yes. MAN’S VOICE Good. Because this is going to get a little complicated. 39.
66) 8) dialog: (afraid of that, very quietly) Fuck... MAN’S VOICE 17901 West Devaney. Chris concentrates hard to remember.
66) 9) dialog: Okay. MAN’S VOICE Tower two. Suite eleven--
67) 0) text: Chris runs full speed through the sidewalk foot traffic.
67) 1) dialog: (repeating to remember) 17901 West Devaney--
68) 0) text: Chris waits at an intersection corner for the crosswalk. ACQUAINTANCE OF CHRIS’S, hanging out nearby, comes over.
68) 1) dialog: (to himself) Suite eleven sixty three--
68) 3) dialog: (rushed) Hey.
68) 5) dialog: No.
68) 7) dialog: No.
68) 9) dialog: I’m running somewhere. And I can’t talk to you about numbers and shit right now. The light changes. Chris takes off.
68) 11) dialog: (stopping in the street) Wayne.
68) 13) dialog: You owe me fourteen bucks.
68) 15) dialog: Do you have that?
69) 0) text: Chris HOLDS A SINGLE PEN and waits for his turn to pay. 41.
70) 0) text: Chris sits on a bench outside the grocery with his new pe he’s writing the address down on the paper he has. He finishes. He looks at it. FOR THE FIRST TIME, CHRIS
70) 2) dialog: You didn’t leave me a pen.
70) 4) dialog: Did you know he watches nonsense in here? He watches TV in here?
70) 6) dialog: You set this up. I wouldn’t have set this up. I would have looked in this fucking place. Take off. But I want Christopher. Give me Christopher if you want to take off. A DAYCARE WORKER has come out to quiet them.
70) 8) dialog: You set this up. 42.
70) 10) dialog: Where are you staying?
70) 12) dialog: There’s no room for Christopher there. I’m taking him if you’re staying there. Why are you staying there?
71) 0) text: Chris sits on a bus bench across the street from the dayc building. He’s looking across the street, into the center where the class is being collected to leave for the day. Chris stands up to go retrieve Christopher. EXT. MS. CHU’S DAYCARE - CONTINUOUS Christopher’s come out front with some others. Chris is there, waiting.
71) 1) dialog: Hey.
71) 3) dialog: Ready?
71) 5) dialog: She went to stay with a friend for a little while.
71) 7) dialog: Yeah.
71) 9) dialog: She wants to be alone for a while to do some thinking.
71) 11) dialog: Just... About how to be happy. All right? I’m with you. You’re going to be fine. Christopher looks a little mixed up. They’ve come to a co and stopped. Chris looks down at his son. CHRIS (CONT’D) She just wants to do some thinking. You’re going to be fine. He smiles as a means to reassure Christopher. Christopher nods.
72) 0) text: Chris has met his apartment landlord in front of the offi Chris holds his lease; they’re discussing it.
72) 1) dialog: The apartment’s in good shape. You have to keep this fifty dollar cleanup?
72) 3) dialog: I’1l paint it. 44.
72) 5) dialog: Linda’s moved out. We need a smaller space. INT. CHRIS’S APARTMENT - LATER Chris paints the walls white; he’s dressed in old clothes doesn’t care about. It’s an unhappy scene with the scanne stack visible in the frame. He’s got to edge past a scann to paint.
72) 6) dialog: (to the scanner for some reason) Watch out. He knocks the scanner aside with his foot. It didn’t go a far as he needed. CHRIS (CONT’D) (starting to lose it) Watch out, asshole. He knocks it harder, then he looks at the scanner with th loose bearings of a guy who just called some equipment “asshole.” CHRIS (CONT’D) Fuckin’... Shit. Asshole. Then he kicks the equipment. Then he pushes his ladder do on the scanner. CHRIS (CONT’D) Fucker. Then Chris really kicks its midsection hard. He’s a littl winded and stops. He looks at the damage he’s caused. CHRIS (CONT’D) (realizing he busted it) Shit... After a while, he sits down beside the scanner. Chris tak piece that flew off and tries to put it back on. 45. CHRIS (CONT’D) (more calmly) Fit. Come on. It’s not going back on. CHRIS (CONT’D) (quietly) Come on. I’m sorry. Chris keeps trying to fix the equipment.
73) 0) text: Chris sits on the small cement patio. He’s got his face pressed against the green mesh chain link of the rail. CLOSE ON Chris’s face meshed in; it’s an uncomfortable- looking position but one he’s apparently taking some comf from temporarily.
74) 0) text: Three inmates sit around a station jail cell - Chris and others. Chris remains in his painting clothes.
74) 5) dialog: Four hundred?
74) 7) dialog: (worried for Christopher) My son’s at school. I have to get him.
74) 9) dialog: I have a job interview at 10:15. At Dean Witter. And my son’s at--
75) 0) text: Chris is on the pay phone down the end of the long jail corridor; though he’s talking calmly, his expression show he’s feeling great unrest.
75) 2) dialog: I have to... I can’t get Christopher today.
75) 4) dialog: I need you to get Christopher. Take him with you. For the night. One night.
75) 6) dialog: (quietly) I got stuck. In this... situation. I’1l get him at school tomorrow. I’1l go right there.
75) 8) dialog: You should take him for the night Like I’m asking. To help us.
75) 11) dialog: See him tomorrow. Then bring him back. There’s no response. 48. CHRIS (CONT’D) See him then bring him home.
75) 14) dialog: Linda... Chris weighs what Linda has in mind.
75) 15) dialog: (meaning it better be six and no later) Six. Chris is leaned way in with his head pressed into the cor of the phone box; there’s pain on his face like someone’s hitting his head with a hammer.
76) 0) text: In the middle of the night, while the few other inmates sleep, Chris lays in his space awake.
76) 1) dialog: I was wondering how I was going to get over to Dean Witter in time. Without a dime.
77) 0) text: No one’s out on the front steps of the station the next morning. The setting looks like a still picture. Then the doors fly open, and Chris comes running out.
78) 0) text: Chris tears down the sidewalk, running past business peop
79) 0) text: Chris sprints down the sidewalk toward the Dean Witter building. He’s wearing a gray Member’s Only jacket, no sh under and white jeans covered in old paint. 49.
80) 0) text: Chris stands in front of the skyscraper lobby entrance fighting with the busted front zipper of his jacket.
80) 1) dialog: (struggling with the zipper ) Fuck... Then Chris gives up on it. He stands there for a moment having to accept the fact that he has to conduct an inter this way.
81) 0) text: Young Dean Witter applicants in suits wait together in a of reception room seats. Chris sits directly in the middl them. A RECEPTIONIST enters from the inter-office to call Chris for his interview.
81) 2) dialog: Thank you. Chris walks past her.
82) 0) text: A group of DEAN WITTER PARTNERS waits for Chris in the bo room. Chris and the receptionist enter.
82) 2) dialog: Hi. More or less embarrassed, the group has gone quiet. 50. CHRIS (CONT’D) ... I’ve been sitting out there for a half hour thinking of a story about some series of events that would have led me to be here like this. Dressed like this. And also would have demonstrated qualities you probably value here like diligence and earnestness and maybe team-playing or something... The partners look at Chris. CHRIS (CONT’D) I couldn’t think of anything. I was arrested for failure to pay parking tickets. I ran here from the Polk station. From the police station. The partners keep looking at Chris.
82) 4) dialog: I was painting my apartment.
82) 6) dialog: Yes... Chris sits down. 51.
82) 10) dialog: Yes.
82) 12) dialog: Yes.
82) 18) dialog: Yes.
82) 20) dialog: Twelve. No one reacts like it’s much of an accomplishment. CHRIS (CONT’D) Small town.
82) 24) dialog: I was first in radar class in the navy also. Twenty guys.
83) 2) dialog: He must have had a pretty nice pair of pants. room laughs. Chris has accomplished sharing some strengths with this group.
83) 4) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Twistle.
83) 6) dialog: (nodding) I’1l let you know, Jay.
83) 8) dialog: (not following) What?
83) 10) dialog: Yes.
83) 12) dialog: There’s no salary. My circumstances changed some. I need to figure out if I can make it.
83) 14) dialog: Yes.
83) 16) dialog: An ass-- (thinking better of it) --a-hole.
84) 0) text: Chris runs back home from the building.
84) 1) dialog: There was no salary. And not even a reasonable promise of a job. One intern was hired at the end of the program. From a pool of twenty.
85) 0) text: Chris keeps running.
85) 1) dialog: If you weren’t that guy, you couldn’t apply the six months training to another broker. I'd have to quit formally working for Acro as well. I'd have to give up benefits.
86) 0) text: Chris removes his watch, slowing from his run and approac the pawn shop.
86) 1) dialog: The only resource I would have for six months would be my scanners, which I owned on lease and could still sell. I had fifteen left. If I sold them all, I might get by. 55.
87) 0) text: Chris waits among other at the central San Francisco trai platform.
87) 1) dialog: I had two hours to decide.
87) 3) dialog: I remember wondering... Am I a good bet? Or not. Because all this was was a bet I could shine. INT. CHRIS’S APARTMENT - LATER Chris is alone in the apartment, standing under his broad Suck message. With a brush, he begins to cover it with pa Once it’s painted over, Chris shows a degree of relief. T he checks his kitchen clock. The clock reads five minutes to six.
88) 0) text: hris sits alone outside on the stairwell steps waiting fo hristopher. Qo INT. CHRIS’S APARTMENT - LATER t’s almost dark. Chris looks out the window of his room t he stairwell where Linda should come up. She’s not there. hris checks his watch. He’s worried. Soon, Linda comes up he stairs. She’s carrying Christopher because he’s asleep hris lets some apprehension go. OctOctH
88) 5) dialog: I had to, I had to manage all this stuff. I had an interview at Dean Witter. I had to get there. For an intern program. A competitive program. I got it. Linda has been listening.
88) 7) dialog: All right... They keep facing one another. CHRIS (CONT’D) I want Christopher. Here. Linda looks at Chris for a while; sizing him up.
88) 9) dialog: (with some anger, trying to stay quiet.) I’m not.
88) 11) dialog: I’m going to sell those things I leased. And I’m going to stand out. In my program.
88) 15) dialog: Hello. It’s Chris Gardner.
88) 17) dialog: I called to thank you again for inviting me in.
88) 19) dialog: I appreciate it. Jay?
89) 0) text: On another day, Chris and his acquaintance Wayne load Chr scanners from Chris’s old apartment into Wayne’s car. 58.
89) 1) dialog: (urging Wayne to slow down) Careful.
89) 3) dialog: Be careful. Chris loads one in. Then he and Wayne enter the car. Christopher’s in the back seat. The car pulls out, then h directly across the street to a motel lot.
90) 0) text: Christopher eats cereal at the small kitchen dining table They’re in a residence motel room now with fewer furnishi Chris enters the room.
90) 1) dialog: (with a great deal of fatherly enthusiasm) Hey, it’s Saturday!
90) 3) dialog: (same enthusiasm) Let’s go play some basketball!
90) 5) dialog: Then go sell a bone density scanner! Chris leaves. Christopher remains at the table, puzzling the last part.
91) 0) text: Chris has taken Christopher to a park basketball court in middle of the city. Christopher takes a shot, misses and a scanner that rests near the court.
91) 1) dialog: (quietly) Shit... 59. Chris gets the ball. CHRIS (CONT’D) Try not to hit that. Okay?
91) 3) dialog: (watching Christopher for a stretch) Yeah, I don’t know. Chris isn’t smiling now. CHRIS (CONT’D) (kindly) Come here. Listen. Christopher walks over. Chris looks at him. CHRIS (CONT’D) (kindly) ) You’11 probably be about as good as I was. That’s the way it works. And I was below average, so you’1l probably ultimately rank somewhere around there. Around average. Christopher listens; his eyes are a little wider now with new set of facts. CHRIS (CONT’D) You’11 excel at a number of things. Not this, though. So I don’t want you out here day and night, bouncing this ball. Okay?
91) 5) dialog: Because I’m getting a better job. 60. Christopher makes a curious expression; he’s a smart chil and doesn’t add that up. Chris looks down at him. CHRIS (CONT’D) You have to trust me.
91) 7) dialog: (looking at his watch) It’s time to go. They head off the court. Christopher’s trailing.
91) 8) dialog: Come on. Keep up.
91) 10) dialog: I don’t know...
91) 11) text: Early Saturday, Chris and his son are the only ones in th train car. They ride through the city with the scanner between them.
92) 0) text: Chris and his son walk through an Oakland business distri The streets are pretty quiet still; Chris carries his scanner.
93) 0) text: Chris has sold the scanner. He cashes a check at the coun while Christopher waits beside him. Christopher’s checkin out some Clark candy bars for sale on the counter. He doe say anything though. Chris sees him.
93) 1) dialog: (to Christopher ) Do you want one? Christopher nods. Chris faces the clerk again and points the candy bars. CHRIS (CONT’D) One of these, please. 61.
94) 0) text: Morning, Chris wears a new suit and parts company with Christopher outside daycare right under the word Happynes
94) 1) dialog: I’1l see you after school.
94) 3) dialog: Yeah. I’m going to get you. Christopher heads inside. Chris stands under the word Happyness, looking at him go.
95) 0) text: Office Manager ALAN FRAKESH, 38, leads the entire group o twenty Dean Witter interns, including Chris, from the Dea Witter building toward some destination across the street each is clean-cut and fresh-looking. The group reaches a corner where three streets intersect. Frakesh gestures to number of skyscrapers visible around them.
96) 0) text: Chris and the other interns sit around a conference table Frakesh distributes pretty thick textbooks.
97) 0) text: Chris is on break, waiting to cross the broad intersectio out front of the skyscraper. The FIRST PARTNER from Chris early interview has come out as well and stands beside Ch hailing a cab.
97) 2) dialog: Hi. The guy can’t recall Chris’s name. CHRIS (CONT’D) Chris.
97) 4) dialog: I’m good. Thanks.
97) 6) dialog: Good. Exciting.
97) 8) dialog: No. Five minute break. (nodding across the street) I’m grabbing a candy bar. We’re doing board prep.
97) 10) dialog: If I sold every scanner I had, I might still come up short by the end of the program.
97) 12) dialog: So I was watching a guy with my rent on his lap waiting for a bus to somewhere else. Chris is focused on the Filipino. He sees the bus coming him a block south.
97) 14) dialog: I couldn’t run right off while he was talking, because I’d look like a freak. Chris sees the bus pulling up. 64.
97) 15) dialog: But the bus was coming.
97) 16) dialog: (to the first partner) Well, I’m down to two minutes. On my break.
97) 18) dialog: It’s my first day, so...
98) 0) text: Chris lays on the pavement in the middle of the city stre His eyes are open, but he seems stunned. Cars come right him.
98) 2) dialog: (standing now, coming around further) Yeah...
98) 4) dialog: Yeah.
98) 6) dialog: I was trying to catch the bus.
98) 8) dialog: Yeah. They stand around there for a while.
98) 10) dialog: (not following the guy) What?
98) 12) dialog: (noticing it) Yeah... After a moment, Chris starts to walk away. 66.
98) 14) dialog: What?
98) 16) dialog: Work.
98) 18) dialog: I’m on a five minute break. I have like a minute left.
98) 20) dialog: I can’t. I’m in a competitive internship at Dean Witter. Chris waves then begins to run back the way he came.
99) 0) text: Chris hustles back into the conference room. The other interns are all seated and working from their textbooks. Chris takes his seat; he picks up his pencil to write, ev though that thumb’s pointing in a different direction tha everyone else's.
99) 1) dialog: This part of my life is called...
99) 2) dialog: (privately, flexing his hand) Ow... fuck...
99) 3) dialog: ...intern. Show up early.
100) 0) text: Early, The wide office space of open desks is empty excep for Chris and his twenty intern competitors, reading earl market charts on computers. 67.
100) 1) dialog: Run with coffee...
101) 0) text: On another day, Chris is dressed for work and runs awkwar up a financial district sidewalk with a carry carton full coffees; he spills on his wrist
101) 1) dialog: Fuck...
101) 2) dialog: Favors for Frakesh. Our office manager. All day.
102) 0) text: Chris sits at the end of a cubicle row of interns making calls from a employee sheet marked Pacific Transportation He’s got Marshall Slauson: Billing circled in red.
102) 1) dialog: (with a pretty fast rhythm) Our office is a block from Pacific. I’d be glad to come over and share our information with you. Even the eight hundred dollars from your profit sharing, if that’s all you moved into the market yearly-- (listening) Sure... (listening) You have my number. (listening) Call me with any questions, Mr. Slauson. Anytime. Alan Frakesh walks up to Chris’s desk.
103) 0) text: Chris runs up the same coffee-spilling sidewalk, holding doughnut.
103) 1) dialog: Stay late. 68.
104) 0) text: Chris is on the cold call phone again. There’s all kind o cold call chatter from the interns around him.
104) 1) dialog: Even the four hundred dollars from your pension can accrue to three times-- (listening) Accrue means adds up. Quickly. Into more money.
105) 0) text: At day’s end, the intersection before the skyscraper is mostly quiet; CHRIS, THOUGH, HAS LEFT THE SKYSCRAPER AND SPRINTS ACROSS IT.
105) 1) dialog: Then catch an A train by six.
105) 3) dialog: Then the crosstown.
105) 5) dialog: To the blue line.
106) 0) text: Chris is on another el. CHRIS (V.O. The twenty-two
106) 1) text: Chris rides another bus.
106) 2) dialog: To the place they can’t spell Happiness. 69. EXT. MRS. CHU’S DAYCARE - LATER Christopher waits outside the facility with Mrs. Chu unde their mural. He’s the last kid. Chris runs up for him.
107) 0) text: Chris studies his textbook in their small kitchenette. Christopher’s down for the night on a cot in the living r beside him. Chris is writing. His thumb’s still hurting.
107) 1) dialog: (from pain in his hand) Ah...
107) 3) dialog: My thumb.
107) 5) dialog: I got hit by a car.
107) 7) dialog: On Pacific?
107) 9) dialog: The back of my legs. I don’t remember really.
107) 12) dialog: I landed on it. (kindly) Go to sleep.
107) 14) dialog: I was running on the street. Yeah.
107) 16) dialog: (smiling) Okay... Go to sleep. Chris finishes a page of his textbook. Then he closes it. Then he opens his checkbook to pay bills he’s got there. looks at the amount he’s got: $138.00. Chris stares at th number for a while. He’s concerned of course.
107) 17) dialog: Then eight hours later... reverse. *The film speeds up and takes Chris and Christopher on a quick-motion glimpse through their many transfers through city back to daycare and work
108) 0) text: Chris runs up to the skyscraper for work again.
109) 1) dialog: Whoever brought in the most money after five months was usually hired. They work frantically.
109) 2) dialog: They were all working their way up call sheets to sign clients. An intern scratches a name he called from the bottom of a sheet titled State Farm. Chris sits in the last cubicle.
109) 3) dialog: They’d stay till eight, but I had Chris. I didn’t have the same time to work my way up a Sheet. Chris looks at his sheet. 71. CHRIS’S POV The sheet is titled Bell Western. THE CAMERA PANS UP THE
109) 7) dialog: Chris Gardner for Walter Ribbon.
109) 9) dialog: I’m calling from Dean Witter.
109) 12) dialog: Hello, Mr. Ribbon. This is Chris Gardner. I’m calling from Dean Witter.
109) 14) dialog: Mr. Ribbon. I wondered if you’d give me a few moments to discuss our products and how I might--
109) 16) dialog: Yes. 72.
110) 1) dialog: 
111) 0) text: Office manager Alan Frakesh is on his way in with a cup o coffee. He encounters Chris as Chris hustles out.
111) 2) dialog: Hey, Alan.
111) 4) dialog: Man, I guess. I’m meeting Walter Ribbon at Bell Western at three.
111) 6) dialog: Where is it?
111) 8) dialog: Where am I moving it?
111) 10) dialog: (reluctantly) All right... Alan has handed Chris keys.
111) 13) dialog: Jimmy what?
112) 0) text: Chris has approached a parked lemon Tercel. He puts the k in the driver’s door. He begins to “jimmy” it. It doesn’t open. Chris messes around with it a little more. It still won’t open. He looks at his watch. INT. WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE, BELL WESTERN BUILDING - SAME Fund manager WALTER RIBBON sits behind his desk, meeting a couple younger associates; THERE’S A PROMINENT OFFICE C behind him reading 2:42.
113) 0) text: Back on Lowery, Chris continues to jimmy the key in the l
113) 1) dialog: (frustrated, to himself) I’m jimmying it. Come on. This is jimmying it. 74. INT. WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE - SAME The associates have cleared out of Ribbon’s office. Walte does paper work at his desk. THE CLOCK BEHIND HIM READS 2 INT. ALAN’S TERCEL, MOVING - LATER Chris has finally gained entry and drives around north Sa Francisco, trying to find parking. INT. WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE - LATER Walter Ribbon sits at his desk. The large wall clock that looms behind him reads 2:55. RIBBON WEARS A SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS BASEBALL CAP now.
114) 0) text: Chris has pulled the Tercel into a metered parking space. He’s left the driver’s side. But after he’s shut the door realizes he’s left his work materials inside. He puts the in. The door won’t unlock, so Chris begins to “jimmy” it again.
114) 1) dialog: Shit... INT. WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE - SAME The prominent clocks reads 3:01. Ribbon wears the ball ca but also takes a mitt from his drawer.
115) 0) text: Chris stands at the meter beside the parked Tercel. He’s his work case with him and has been looking through his pockets for change. He doesn’t have any quarters. Chris l at his watch. Then he looks back at the meter. Then he ju takes off.
116) 0) text: Chris runs with his workbag up the Sierra Boulevard sidew
117) 0) text: Chris stands on the sidewalk, looking around for an addre he can’t find. A BUSINESSMAN WALKS BY.
117) 1) dialog: Where’s 223 east, man? It should be right here. 75.
117) 3) dialog: (quietly) Fuck...
118) 0) text: Once again, Chris is running through San Francisco. INT. LOBBY, WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE BUILDING - LATER Chris has jogged into the skyscraper lobby. He caught an elevator just as the doors close; the elevator is ABSOLUT PACKED THOUGH, so much so that it’s absurd for Chris to t to enter, which out of desperation he does anyway. A maintenance worker up front pushes him out.
119) 0) text: Chris is alone in the elevator going up; there’s easy listening coming through the elevator speaker that cuts across Chris’s frantic mood, so it’s a peculiar few momen
120) 0) text: Walter Ribbon is no longer there. There is just an empty, high-backed chair behind his desk with the large clock reading 3:17 hanging on the wall behind it. INT. RECEPTION DESK, LOBBY, WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE - LATE As the receptionist finishes a call, Chris approaches her arrives at the desk. They look at each other. Chris smile and tries to come across bright-eyed.
120) 1) dialog: Hi, I’m Chris Gardner. 76. INT. ELEVATOR, WALTER RIBBON’S OFFICE BUILDING - LATER Chris stands among a crowd of office-workers in an elevat that’s going down. His expression is the opposite of the he was just making; it’s clear he didn’t see Walter Ribbo
121) 0) text: Dispirited, Chris returns to the parked Tercel and FINDS PARKING TICKET ON THE WINDSHIELD.
122) 0) text: Later, Chris rides the metro train. Pretty soon, he sees OFFICE MANAGER ALAN FRAKESH, having just boarded, walking down the aisle. They make eye contact.
122) 1) dialog: Hey...
122) 3) dialog: Why are you on the train?
122) 5) dialog: Yeah. Alan takes an empty space beside Chris.
122) 7) dialog: That’s all right. It’s on Sierra.
122) 9) dialog: Yeah. Chris reaches into his work bag. 77. CHRIS (CONT’D) There weren’t any spaces around Lowery. Where you said. Chris TAKES THE PARKING TICKET OUT. CHRIS (CONT’D) I missed an appointment at Bell Western. With Walter Ribbon. Walter Ribbon left.
122) 11) dialog: I was twenty-three minutes late. Now Chris is A LITTLE MORE THAN VAGUELY HOLDING THE TICKE
122) 14) dialog: (pissed) Okay...
122) 16) dialog: Yeah... Chris HAS CONTINUED TO HOLD THE PARKING TICKET OUT. FRAKE CONTINUES TO IGNORE IT. So Chris just reaches over and pu the ticket on Alan’s body. Alan, though, will not take possession of the parking ticket. He merely allows it to slide slowly down his sportcoat sleeve and come to rest o the train seat between him and Chris. HE DOESN’T EVEN ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THAT JUST HAPPENED either; he’s just kep looking straight ahead. Chris looks at Alan. Alan won’t make eye contact.
122) 17) text: What follows is a series of dissolves featuring the train interior with Alan and Chris sitting with the ticket equa between them. 78. Through dissolves, the passage of time is indicated by th changing crowd of passengers around Chris and Alan Frakes New riders appear and disappear. Throughout the sequence, though, the ticket remains exactly between the two men. S the train comes to a stop. Alan rises.
123) 0) text: Chris and Christopher sit across from one another at a bo Chris pays the parking ticket with his checkbook
123) 1) dialog: We should get home pretty soon.
123) 3) dialog: (kindly) Finish up.
123) 5) dialog: Paying bills. A parking ticket.
123) 7) dialog: I know. Chris looks down at his checkbook. CHRIS’S POV The amount he’s just written as his balance is $64.08 Chris looks at that for a while. He’s worried. 79.
123) 8) dialog: I need to take you with me to a couple doctors’ offices tomorrow. Okay? For a sales call.
123) 10) dialog: Then... possibly... we’ll go toa baseball game. Possibly. Okay?
124) 0) text: It’s a jarring cut because for the first time, the settin not the city. Chris and Christopher ride in the bus toget THEY’RE WEARING BRAND NEW SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS BASEBALL C SO FRESH THEIR BRIMS AREN’T BENT. Chris has a scanner wit him. Out the window pass spread out suburban homes and tr
125) 0) text: Later, Chris and Christopher, in their fresh caps, walk p suburban houses.
125) 2) dialog: You don’t understand what?
125) 4) dialog: We’re possibly going to the game. Do you know what possibly means?
125) 6) dialog: No... Possibly means we might, we might not. Probably means there’s a good chance we’re going. 80.
125) 8) dialog: (testing him) What does probably mean?
125) 10) dialog: What does possibly mean?
125) 12) dialog: What?
125) 14) dialog: How’d you get so smart?
126) 0) text: Chris has knocked on the door of a large private home. Christopher waits beside him. Soon, Walter Ribbon answers door.
126) 1) dialog: Mr. Ribbon?
126) 3) dialog: I’m Chris Gardner. Ribbon’s wearing a Giants cap as well. 81. CHRIS (CONT’D) Dean Witter.
126) 5) dialog: I came to apologize for missing our appointment.
126) 7) dialog: I wanted to thank you for your time. You probably waited for me.
126) 9) dialog: I didn’t want you to think I took that for granted.
126) 11) dialog: An Acro density scanner. I sold them before I began at Dean Witter I have a few remaining on a sales lease. I have an appointment. After the game.
126) 13) dialog: Yeah. This is my son Chris.
126) 18) dialog: To Candlestick?
126) 20) dialog: Upper deck.
126) 23) dialog: (to his son) It’s not an actual box. 83. CHRIS(cont 'd) It’s a closed off area. It’s more comfortable.
126) 25) dialog: Yeah, that would be great.
126) 27) dialog: Ah!
126) 29) dialog: I just got stung by a bee. Ribbon looks at Chris. He didn’t see any bee anywhere. It functioned as enough of a subject change though that Ribb opens his driver’s door without bringing up the scanner again. So Chris is able to get in the car without dealing with the issue. INT. WALTER RIBBON’S CAR, MOVING - LATER Chris rides in the passenger seat. Ribbon’s driving them toward San Francisco.
126) 31) dialog: Yeah. 84.
126) 33) dialog: No...
126) 35) dialog: Like... back of my head. No one speaks for a little while.
126) 36) dialog: Thomas Jefferson mentions happiness a couple times in the Declaration of Independence.
126) 39) dialog: It may seem like a strange word to be in that document. But he was sort of... he was an artist.
127) 0) text: Chris and his son are in the midst of a Bell Western tail party. Christopher plays with some of the younger kids in party. Chris sits on a lowered tailgate of an SUV, drinki soda.
127) 1) dialog: He called the English, “the disturbers of our harmony.” And I remember sitting there that day thinking about the disturbers of mine. CLOSE ON CHRIS as he considers.
127) 2) dialog: Mrs. Chu. Running. Christopher maybe going with Linda to Los Angeles. That idea. 85. Christopher runs around in the grass lot. Chris watches h
127) 3) dialog: My bent thumb. When Chris lifts his soda, WE SEE HIS WAYWARD THUMB.
127) 4) dialog: I sat on the tailgate of someone's truck for forty minutes because of the lack of an actual bee sting on the back of my head. I couldn’t get up and get a hot dog. And I was pretty hungry. And I thought about all this. Chris looks at something significant.
127) 5) dialog: But Walter Ribbon and his Bell Western pension money, which was millions, was a way to leave it behind. CHRIS’S POV Walter Ribbon speaks with a group of colleagues nearby. They’re laughing it up with pregame good cheer. Chris looks over at Walter.
128) 0) text: Walter Ribbon holds a conversation with other work friend the crowded Bell Western corporate box. When he has a qui moment, Chris comes up to him. Ribbon turns to see Chris he arrives.
128) 1) dialog: Thank you again for having us.
128) 3) dialog: Mr. Ribbon, I’d love the chance to introduce you to what Dean Witter could do for your company. I’d be pleased to come meet you whenever you have the chance. We can beat your arrangement with Morgan Stanley. 86.
129) 0) text: The Ribbons and Gardners part company with other Bell Wes corporate employees in a parking lot of Candlestick. A co of the younger ones exchange cards with Chris.
129) 2) dialog: Okay.
129) 4) dialog: Thank you again.
130) 0) text: A wide shot of the Gardner’s motel room gets across for t first time what threadbare conditions they’re living in. 87. Christopher sleeps on the side of the room on a cot. Chri reads a financial textbook in the kitchenette. The scanne stack of four is visible in the frame. THE IMAGE BECOMES
131) 0) text: On another day, after work, Chris has taken his mail from slot. He’s checking out something that’s got him worried. He’s opened the letter. Christopher hangs around in the distance. CHRIS’S POV The header reads IRS. The section beneath it reads...immediate payment of full balance of $645.14. The will effect garnishment of wages from your employer.... Chris stares at the letter like it bears an unexpected, critical difficulty.
132) 0) text: Chris is back in the setting of the still photos. He’s writing this check at the kitchen table. Christopher slee THE SCANNERS ARE ALL GONE. Chris looks up after finishing check. He’s grown deeply concerned.
133) 0) text: On a day off, Chris has caught up with his acquaintance W outside a city grocery.
133) 1) dialog: Do you have the fourteen dollars man?
133) 3) dialog: Why?
133) 5) dialog: Why did you think that?
133) 7) dialog: You drove me across Kelsey Street. That’s five yards. Wayne. Fuck. It’s been four months. Come on man. Christopher has come out of the market and joined them. H starts walking off with his dad.
133) 9) dialog: It’s Saturday.
133) 11) dialog: There’s none left. We have to meet someone.
134) 0) text: Chris and Christopher have met one of the YOUNG EXECUTIVE FROM BELL WESTERN and his young daughter for lunch. Chris showing the young man an investment graph.
134) 1) dialog: How much are you putting in your pension?
134) 3) dialog: Well, here’s what it could look like if you put a quarter in an index. Chris hands the guy the graph.
134) 5) dialog: Yeah. Ben wanted to meet, too. Your colleague?
134) 7) dialog: That would be great. If there’s anybody else at Bell Western that would like to sit down, let me know.
135) 0) text: Chris, with his son, pays at the register.
135) 1) dialog: There was a month left in the program. I was broke.
136) 0) text: Chris has come outside with Christopher. They’re about to cross the street to their residence motel. But Chris sees something that makes him keep from going. CHRIS’S POV Chris can see in the open door of his motel room. The mot manager’s in there, putting Chris’s clothes into Chris’s suitcase. Chris stares at him.
136) 1) dialog: (to Christopher ) Let’s go for a walk. After a moment, they head off another direction.
137) 0) text: Chris sits off to the side of a sand box area where Christopher plays with some other kids. Chris seems prett distressed. A while goes by. Then CHRIS CATCHES SIGHT OF SOMETHING. He’s seen, vaguely, a couple blocks up ahead, the Filipin walk across an intersection with his scanner. 90. Chris looks in that direction, though the guy’s slipped f sight. Then Chris looks over at Christopher who he doesn’t want leave. Then looks back the two blocks away where the guy’s gone to. Then Chris picks Christopher up.
138) 0) text: Chris runs with Christopher.
139) 0) text: The guy’s sitting on a bench at the end of the wharf. Soo Chris comes up to it; he sees that he can walk now becaus there’s nowhere else for the guy to go. CLOSE ON the guy, he’s got his eyes closed.
139) 1) dialog: Hi... Chris has walked up beside him. The guy looks at Chris fo while.
139) 3) dialog: Hey... Chris stands there for a while with his son.
139) 4) dialog: Where did you find it?
139) 7) dialog: Do you have all the pieces? 91.
139) 9) dialog: I have to go away to fix it. Okay?
139) 11) dialog: Yeah... Chris starts to go.
139) 13) dialog: Okay.
139) 15) dialog: Okay.
139) 19) dialog: Okay...
139) 22) dialog: To Dr. Strauk’s.
139) 24) dialog: I know... Chris looks worried he can’t sell his machine. The train comes to a stop. Chris picks the scanner up. INT. DR. STRAUK’S OFFICE - LATER Chris speaks with a doctor in his meeting room. Chris has just tried to fire up the machine, but it’s not working.
139) 25) dialog: It’s not... (to himself) Fuck... (aloud again) ...functioning right now. There was an issue with the light that I tried to--
140) 0) text: It’s night now. Chris and Christopher walk up to their mo door. There’s a large piece of luggage left outside. Chri looks at it. Then Chris tries his key in the lock. It doe work. Chris stands there for a while. More time passes. T he lifts the luggage.
140) 1) dialog: Come on.
140) 3) dialog: Christopher.
140) 5) dialog: Come on, hon.
141) 0) text: It’s later now. Chris knocks on the door. No one answers.
141) 1) dialog: (knocking again) Wayne! Chris keeps knocking. He waits for an answer. None comes. 94.
142) 0) text: Chris and his son stand with Chris’s things in front of t station signs that give commuters a choice for trains nor or south. Chris is looking at the signs.
142) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Then Chris walks over and sits on a rest bench in the sta lobby. There’s no one else there. It’s dark outside. Soon Christopher comes over and sits beside Chris. A pretty lo time goes by.
142) 4) dialog: What?
142) 6) dialog: What guy?
142) 8) dialog: Yeah, it is.
142) 10) dialog: You push that black button. Then you use your imagination. 95.
142) 12) dialog: Are you going to do it?
142) 14) dialog: Where are we going to go?
142) 16) dialog: Let’s just push the button and see.
142) 18) dialog: Close your eyes. Christopher does. CHRIS (CONT’D) Open them. He does. CHRIS (CONT’D) Whoa...
142) 20) dialog: Dinosaurs.
142) 22) dialog: (stopping him) Watch out. 96.
142) 24) dialog: Don’t step in the fire. When you’re a caveman, you need that fire. There’s no electricity. It’s cold out here. Chris puts his hands up like he’s warming them in their f Christopher does it too. Then Chris rises. CHRIS (CONT’D) Okay. It’s late. Let’s go in our cave. The idea’s excited Christopher. Chris has nodded over at station bathroom. He begins to take their stuff over ther Soon, he arrives at the bathroom door. Christopher’s behi him.
142) 26) dialog: Yeah... The two of them walk into the bathroom. The door locks.
143) 0) text: Christopher’s asleep, laying on Chris. Chris is wide awak He’s laying with his back against the wall. SOMEONE START MAKING NOISE OUTSIDE, locking gates. Christopher starts stirring.
143) 1) dialog: (whispering) Hey.
143) 3) dialog: Go to sleep. 97.
143) 5) dialog: You got to shush. Shush.
143) 7) dialog: Honey, you have to be quiet. Come on.
143) 9) dialog: Christopher, sleep. Chris holds Christopher tighter as a means to quiet him. Christopher becomes quiet. His eyes stay closed. Chris remains awake; he’s laying against the wall, looking at t door. CHRIS (CONT’D) Come on. Sleep. Christopher’s stopped stirring. Chris keeps looking at th door.
144) 0) text: In the morning, Chris rides up the work elevator. He’s holding his things. The doors open. JAY TWISTLE ENTERS. T see one another.
144) 2) dialog: (smiling back) Hi, Jay. Chris holds his suitcase; he’s been made uncomfortable by Jay’s presence.
144) 4) dialog: Great.
144) 6) dialog: Yes. How are you doing?
144) 8) dialog: I’m going to Sacramento. I’m trying to move some guys from Bell Western over to us. We’re golfing.
145) 0) text: Chris is alone in the wide conference room; he’s been wor on the scanner.
145) 1) dialog: I could sell this soon. If I could fix it. I could take the day off and sell this. Chris presses the black activation button. Nothing happen Chris looks down at the machine.
145) 2) dialog: Fuck... He just stands there for a while.
147) 0) text: Chris, in his professional clothing, waits outside the shelter doors on the city sidewalk. The older CITY SHELTE WORKER comes out to meet him.
147) 2) dialog: Hi. Can I speak to you for a moment?
147) 4) dialog: I actually want to... Chris doesn’t finish right off. He waits there a long tim CHRIS (CONT’D) I want a room. He’s holding the scanner CHRIS (CONT’D) Until I can fix and sell this. There’s some glass work that--
147) 6) dialog: (feeling like he must explain) It got caught in the train.
147) 8) dialog: I have a son. He’s five. We need to stay. She’s become quiet. 100.
148) 0) text: Outside the three-story church shelter building, a roughe looking building, street people of different ages, mostly men, have formed a line onto the sidewalk. Chris waits wi Christopher toward the front of the line. The guy in fron Chris talks with a A LARGE GUY who’s come up to him. THE LARGE GUY’S NOT IN LINE; he’s just standing around in the area in front of Chris. Soon, a PASTOR comes out from the doorway.
148) 3) dialog: Hey, man. The guy doesn’t do anything. CHRIS (CONT’D) Hey, come on.
148) 5) dialog: Come on, man. Just fucking... You cut.
148) 7) dialog: You cut. Then he shoves Chris.
148) 14) dialog: (to the Pastor) I got here first. Chris is catching his breath. CHRIS (CONT’D) I was here first. The Pastor looks at Chris. Then he looks at Christopher. Chris looks at the Pastor with the clearest communication desperation he’s shown yet CHRIS (CONT’D) I came from my job. We got here. We got in line. This guy just came up. He shoved in front. I went and got my son and we got here. We were here on time. Someone told me we had to be here on time. We were on time. The Pastor stares at him for a while.
148) 16) dialog: (quietly) Fuck...
149) 0) text: The room is small and real basic. There’s a wood desk and bed. It’s dark. Chris lights a candle.
149) 2) dialog: It’s two dollars for electricity. We need breakfast tomorrow. Come on. Let’s get washed. They’ve come into the small bathroom. Christopher’s taken his shirt. Chris runs water from the sink over a cloth. 103. CHRIS (CONT’D) Can you stand up here?
149) 4) dialog: What’s your favorite color? I was wondering about that.
149) 6) dialog: What do you like that’s green?
149) 8) dialog: Anything else?
149) 10) dialog: The Christmas stuff?
149) 12) dialog: That’s good. Chris washes Christopher with the rag; he’s feeling some in that hand. CHRIS (CONT’D) (to himself, quietly) Damn, man...
149) 14) dialog: (quietly) I think I broke my other thumb. 104. Chris doesn’t say anything else. He keeps washing Christo up.
150) 0) text: Christopher lays in the bed. Chris sits on the edge, putt him to bed.
150) 1) dialog: I have to go sit in the hall and fix this, okay? Chris has nodded at the busted scanner that rests nearby. CHRIS (CONT’D) I’1l be right out there. I’1l leave the door open a little.
150) 3) dialog: I’m just going to be right out here.
151) 0) text: Chris sits on the hallway floor near the open door of his room. He’s using the hallway light to help him repair his scanner. He’s becoming frustrated by a part that won’t function as a BOARDER IN AN OLD ARMY JACKET walks by.
151) 1) dialog: (to the scanner) You fucking piece of shit.
151) 3) dialog: Not you. This. Chris has his hands on the scanner. The guy looks at Chri for a while. Then he walks off. 105. Chris tries to rig the thing another way. It fails as wel Then he gets up. He goes into his room. He’s gone for a moment, then he comes out to the hallway again with one o his financial textbooks. He’s taken a seat beside the scanner. He starts to do his work out there. Then the lig go dead. MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Lights out. INT. CHRIS’S SHELTER ROOM - LATER It’s pretty dark in their room. Chris sits near the windo trying to read his book by the streetlight coming in. He stops. He stares at the room. Before long, he starts to b up. He seems to be losing it like he lost it in the apart painting scene, but this time he can’t make any noise. Hi feelings this time just take the form of silent, anguishe crying. Then Christopher, who’s apparently awake in bed across the room, asks him something.
151) 5) dialog: (didn’t catch all of it) What?
151) 7) dialog: I’1l get it done.
151) 9) dialog: I’1l get it done. Go to sleep.
151) 11) dialog: Go to sleep. The sooner you get to sleep, the shorter the night’1l be. Christopher doesn’t say anything else. Chris leans agains the wall by the window. He’s exhausted. After a while, he looks back at his book 106.
152) 0) text: In the morning, Chris sits on the bed, nearly dressed for work. Christopher’s with him, helping him get his tie tie properly.
152) 1) dialog: Is it through the middle?
153) 0) text: At the register, Chris is showing the clerk a mini light and transmitter.
153) 1) dialog: One of these.
153) 3) dialog: (upset about that delay) For a K transmitter? And a bulb? Christopher’s looking at a video game shelf. CLERK (CONT’D) Yeah. Those are English. Six weeks.
153) 4) dialog: (upset at the delay) Do you have a Thompson wire?
153) 6) dialog: Yeah, it will. We used them in the Navy to send the same electrical weight. Let me try it. The guy enters the number. CLERK (CONT’D) Three weeks. Chris takes the news in. 107.
154) 0) text: Chris walks with Christopher. He’s dressed for work, but carrying his suitcase; Christopher has a bookbag.
154) 1) dialog: You weren’t able to leave your belongings behind.
155) 0) text: Chris approaches the lobby of Dean Witter for work; he’s still got his luggage. He encounters another young Bell Western executive PAUL going in.
155) 1) dialog: Hi, Paul.
155) 4) dialog: Work trip. They enter the building.
156) 0) text: Chris and Paul sit together at the conference table.
156) 1) dialog: Your wife works at Bell Western, too, right?
156) 3) dialog: Well, then you should use the pension. Because you’re paying taxes twice.
156) 5) dialog: Yeah... because you’re using your taxable income...
156) 6) dialog: I was able to finish this stuff pretty quickly. Chris has placed income amounts in different sections on paperwork.
156) 7) dialog: The math. I had to finish quickly. To get to the Altmont rooms by five. Chris looks up at a wall clock that reads 4:30.
157) 0) text: Chris sprints away from the skyscraper.
158) 0) text: Chris is on another el, tapping the window glass from adrenaline.
159) 0) text: Chris and Christopher hustle with their things up San Francisco’s King Street, toward a bus stop.
160) 1) text: They sit on a sidewalk bench waiting for the bus. There’s wide public clock behind them. It reads 4:50. Chris taps foot like he’s frantic. There’re others waiting. The bus comes. Chris rises quickly.
160) 2) dialog: Let’s go. Christopher’s preoccupied by a kid’s book he’s reading. 109. CHRIS (CONT’D) Let’s go!
160) 4) dialog: On the bus.
160) 6) dialog: Goddamnit. Get up! Come on! It’s hurting Chris to talk to his son this way. When Christopher catches up to him, they find the bus so full there’s not room for all the commuters waiting on the sidewalk. Chris is shoulder to shoulder with an older lad He jockeys his arm past her to get a front position. A yo guy in a suit’s watching.
160) 10) dialog: Why don’t you get the fuck away from me! The guy’s been startled. CHRIS (CONT’D) Get the fuck away from me. Right now. Chris gets Christopher up into the bus; he follows him on
161) 0) text: Outside of the Almont church shelter building, Chris and Christopher, in the front of the line, get accepted insid for an open room. 110.
162) 0) text: It’s evening now. Chris and his son sit under a streetlig on the stoop of the shelter building. Chris reads his textbook. Up the street, prostitutes stand on the corner. Chris looks at Christopher for a while. The boy seems rea calm and more or less contented. Chris keeps looking at h
162) 1) dialog: You’re a good boy. Christopher looks over at him. CHRIS (CONT’D) You’re a wonder. You know? Christopher smiles.
162) 3) dialog: Yeah. Christopher heads off down the sidewalk where some fireme repair a hydrant. Their truck’s parked there. CHRIS (CONT’D) Just don’t bother them. Chris watches him go. Then Chris looks back at his book f while.
162) 5) dialog: (declining) That’s okay. They have dinner here.
162) 7) dialog: That’s fine.
162) 9) dialog: (smiling) I don’t think there’s any such thing. I just don’t want him to see me taking money. He thinks I know what I’m doing. She puts the bill away. Chris checks on Christopher. Christopher looks over at them from down the sidewalk. He makes eye contact with his dad. Then he waves hello with good nature like he was waving from a carousel.
163) 0) text: The room is full of cafeteria tables. Forty or so men eat scattered positions around the room. Chris sits at a tabl with his son. They don’t talk for a while.
163) 2) dialog: What?
163) 4) dialog: My aunts. Some teachers.
163) 6) dialog: Yeah. And do puzzles. Math.
163) 8) dialog: I read about people’s lives. Biographies. You know what those are?
163) 10) dialog: I liked to read about interesting lives. Cool lives. 112.
163) 12) dialog: Miles Davis. I don’t know. Thomas Jefferson. Christopher Columbus.
163) 14) dialog: President. Architect. Musician. He wrote the Declaration of Independence.
163) 16) dialog: It’s about... I don’t know. It’s about people trying to be free, so they can try to be happy.
163) 18) dialog: The violin. I think. Or the cello or something. I don’t really remember. Chris looks at Christopher as he returns to his meal.
164) 0) text: The twenty interns sit around the table in the largest Wi conference room. They’re taking a timed exam. A proctor s up front. Soon, a MALE INTERN stands up and heads for the proctor to turn in his test. Some others look up - they’r struggling and are pissed the assured male intern has finished already. But as this male intern walks to the do Chris stands up; he’s finished as well. The male intern l at Chris.
165) 0) text: The two ride the elevator down together. Some time passes THE FIRST PARTNER FROM CHRIS’S FIRST INTERVIEW RIDES BEHI THEM. 113.
165) 2) dialog: I have to go somewhere. The guy nods. He seems relieved to resume believing he finished earlier than the others. CHRIS (CONT’D) But I finished the whole thing, too.
165) 4) dialog: Yeah. You?
165) 6) dialog: What did you think of the graphs?
165) 8) dialog: What about the essay question? There is a long pause.
165) 10) dialog: On the back. Yeah. Some more time passes.
166) 0) text: Chris and the First Partner are outside at the curb, Chri waiting to cross, the partner hailing a cab. A BUSINESSMA passing sees Chris.
166) 2) dialog: (recognizing him) Jeff, right? The Giants game?
166) 4) dialog: I never got your number.
166) 7) dialog: (trying to keep his money) Do you want me to get it? 115.
166) 9) dialog: Yeah... um...
166) 11) dialog: (smiling along) I know... Chris takes a five dollar bill from his wallet, leaving a couple dollars left. He hands it to the First Partner. Th the First Partner takes off for his cab. Chris stands the watching him go off with money Chris needed.
167) 0) text: Christopher and Chris have been admitted into the shelter foyer, into a shorter line to sign in and pay. They’re on guy back from paying. A CHURCH-WORKER CLERK’s explaining billing to the guy; Chris stands behind him listening.
167) 2) dialog: Are you hungry? Christopher nods. CHRIS (CONT’D) Did you eat at school?
167) 4) dialog: The second session?
167) 6) dialog: In the afternoon? Christopher shakes his head. Chris looks at him. Time goe by. CHRIS (CONT’D) Okay. Come on. Chris leads Christopher out of the line. They head out th shelter doorway for the sidewalk.
168) 0) text: Later, at night, Chris and Christopher sit at the window counter. Christopher’s eating a piece of pizza. Chris studies.
169) 0) text: While Christopher waits, Chris pays the city station attendant with the dollar.
170) 0) text: The next day, Chris leaves a strip mall shop door over wh a banner reads Blood Center of the Pacific.
171) 0) text: Chris meets with two professional women at a cafe table o the sidewalk. Christopher sits at the next table, colorin
171) 1) dialog: (to one of the women) How long have you been at Bell Western?
171) 3) dialog: Good. Then you can start splitting into an IRA for stocks.
171) 5) dialog: You could have done it last year.
171) 8) dialog: Yes.
171) 10) dialog: Thank you, Ann. They’ve all stood to leave one another.
171) 13) dialog: Our trip uptown to Radio Shack.
172) 4) dialog: To repair the light.
172) 6) dialog: Yeah. Chris hands the bulb to Christopher.
172) 7) dialog: (calmly, smiling) Don’t drop it. Christopher takes the piece. CHRIS (CONT’D) Unless you want to keep living in the same room with me.
172) 9) dialog: You will. Christopher examines the electrical bulb. Chris looks ove him. Then Christopher looks at him again.
172) 11) dialog: What’s that?
172) 13) dialog: Yeah. 119.
172) 15) dialog: Space. For privacy. Peace. Some time goes by.
172) 17) dialog: Next door.
172) 19) dialog: Whatever you want. Whatever makes you happy. Nap. Read. Dream. Christopher looks back at the bulb. Chris keeps looking a him.
174) 0) text: Christopher’s in the one bed. Chris sits on the edge, say goodnight; it’s dark.
174) 1) dialog: I’1l see you in the morning.
174) 3) dialog: You’re warm enough?
174) 5) dialog: This part of my life... This part is called... Chris pushes the button. The machine makes an activation sound, then his room get lighted all the way up by the br blue light the scanner emits.
174) 6) dialog: ... happiness.
175) 0) text: Chris sits on the perimeter wall of a fountain in the pub square. He’s dressed for his Dean Witter work. The Bell Western building is beside the square. Chris holds an informal meeting with A YOUNG BELL EXECUTIVE AND A COUPLE HIS COLLEAGUES.
176) 0) text: Chris leaves Dean Witter later. He’s carrying his scanner INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE, MEETING ROOM - LATER Chris sits across from a DOCTOR. The scanner rests on the table between them.
176) 2) dialog: Four hundred and eighteen dollars.
177) 0) text: Chris and Christopher wait in line for the cash. 121.
177) 1) dialog: That was going to get me through the program. All the way to the end, and then some.
178) 0) text: Later, Chris and Christopher sit on a bus bench in a San Francisco neighborhood; they have their belongings with t Chris is feeling a measure of relief he hasn’t shown befo
178) 2) dialog: No...
178) 4) dialog: Let’s go to a hotel.
178) 6) dialog: No...
178) 8) dialog: I don’t think so.
178) 10) dialog: Because some things are fun the first time you do them. Then not so much the next time.
178) 12) dialog: Yeah... 122. 4 hey sit there for a while. The bus comes.
179) 0) text: TaOH hris and Christopher have gone up a step to the lobby ntrance of the Holiday Inn San Francisco. oa
180) 1) text: The next day, Chris and Christopher sit all alone togethe a really wide stretch of grass in Golden Gate Park
180) 3) dialog: Yeah. People have.
180) 5) dialog: A few miles. Four miles maybe.
180) 6) dialog: The next day, I took work off, and we just went and sat in a field.
180) 8) dialog: What country?
180) 10) dialog: Napal.
180) 11) dialog: Far away from anything. Trumpet kids. Guitars on fire. Ben Cartwright. And my own constant, ten-year-long disappointment in my Ten Gallon Head... in my self.
181) 0) text: Chris sits in his now familiar spot on the fountain wall front of the Bell Western building. He’s finishing signin some paper work with another young executive.
181) 1) dialog: Thanks, Dean.
181) 3) dialog: You’11 get these back in a week. Then you’1l start getting statements a couple weeks after that.
181) 5) dialog: Take care. The guy heads off back to Bell western.
181) 6) dialog: Because when I was young, and I’d get an A on a history test or whatever, I’d get this good feeling about all these things I could be. And then I was never any of them. Chris finishes up his part of the contracts.
181) 7) dialog: I was gambling, during all this, that I could get back on my way to being one, which I guessed would feel like happiness. Before long, Jay Twistle walks up. 124.
181) 9) dialog: Hi, Jay.
181) 11) dialog: Yeah... Jay smiles. CHRIS (CONT’D) I met some guys at a ball game. I got some cards. I worked them.
181) 14) dialog: (smiling) I’m okay.
182) 0) text: The same group of partners that accepted Chris to the int program sits around their conference table. After a while Chris comes in.
182) 2) dialog: Hi, Mr. Keane. 125. Chris nods hello to the others.
182) 4) dialog: (smiling) Thanks...
182) 6) dialog: (smiling) I thought I’d wear a shirt because it’s the last day.
182) 8) dialog: Yes.
182) 10) dialog: (smiling) No... Chris keeps shaking hands around the table.
183) 0) text: Chris rides down in an elevator crowded full of professio men and women. Chris is in the way back, out of view of t others because he’s crying. EXT. MRS. CHU’S DAYCARE - LATER Outside the building, Chris stands directly beneath the w Happyness, waiting for his son. Chris looks real tired li one might at the end of an ordeal, but he looks peaceful, too.
184) 0) text: They’re waiting for the bus together. Christopher’s color Chris is just sitting there. The bus comes. It blocks the from view. After a while, it leaves. The two are still sitting there.
184) 2) dialog: (looking over at it) Oh...
184) 4) dialog: No... I was thinking of stuff.
184) 6) dialog: Just stuff. Grown up things. Don’t worry about it. 127. Christopher looks down the block at the bus.
184) 8) dialog: No... I don’t want to run anywhere for a while. He takes Christopher’s hand. He smiles at his son. CHRIS (CONT’D) (kidding) Are you in a hurry to get somewhere?
184) 10) dialog: Okay. Let’s just sit here.