95) 0) text: Office Manager ALAN FRAKESH, 38, leads the entire group o twenty Dean Witter interns, including Chris, from the Dea Witter building toward some destination across the street each is clean-cut and fresh-looking. The group reaches a corner where three streets intersect. Frakesh gestures to number of skyscrapers visible around them.
96) 0) text: Chris and the other interns sit around a conference table Frakesh distributes pretty thick textbooks.
99) 0) text: Chris hustles back into the conference room. The other interns are all seated and working from their textbooks. Chris takes his seat; he picks up his pencil to write, ev though that thumb’s pointing in a different direction tha everyone else's.
100) 0) text: Early, The wide office space of open desks is empty excep for Chris and his twenty intern competitors, reading earl market charts on computers. 67.
102) 0) text: Chris sits at the end of a cubicle row of interns making calls from a employee sheet marked Pacific Transportation He’s got Marshall Slauson: Billing circled in red.
104) 0) text: Chris is on the cold call phone again. There’s all kind o cold call chatter from the interns around him.
109) 0) text: The camera tracks along the cubicle row where each intern sits making calls.
164) 0) text: The twenty interns sit around the table in the largest Wi conference room. They’re taking a timed exam. A proctor s up front. Soon, a MALE INTERN stands up and heads for the proctor to turn in his test. Some others look up - they’r struggling and are pissed the assured male intern has finished already. But as this male intern walks to the do Chris stands up; he’s finished as well. The male intern l at Chris.
165) 1) dialog: (to Chris) Did you finish the whole thing, or did you have to go somewhere, or..?
165) 3) dialog: (a little bummed) Oh. Good.
165) 5) dialog: Yeah.
165) 7) dialog: Easy. Chris nods.
165) 9) dialog: Essay question?
165) 11) dialog: Shit. The guy hits the button for the next floor. When the door open, he gets off quickly. Chris remains behind; he’s laughing. 114. But he’s also conveying the same vibe the guy was just gi off - satisfaction he found the test easier than his colleagues. He makes eye contact with the first partner; partner’s looking back like he found the episode telling funny as well.