18) 6) text: Forgive me, Kirk.  Let me hug you? The audience boos.  Roseanne mediates... Oleg - fresh from the shower with wet hair - sits on the in his skivvies - staring into the videocamera's LCD scre rewinding Milos' murder.  We see it now for the first tim as he rewinds it.  Oleg watches - a bottle of cheap vodka between his legs.  Emil, looks up from his dictionary.  H wearing Milos' Rolex.  Tamina's jewelry - her brushed gold necklace and pearl earrings - are in front of him with Daphne's wallet.  Emi looks up - Oleg is holding his videocamera.
23) 0) text: DAPHNE, a sketch of her face.
24) 29) text: We've got another murder - in a hotel on Eighth Avenue.  A stabbing.  Clerk said the room was rented by a Russian... Eddie's moving with Daphne's sketch. 
33) 4) dialog: I want to do it, alright?
33) 10) text: I'm not a killer. The back door opens.  He shoves the knife in his pocket a Ludwig peers around the alleyway.  What he sees is Emil leaning close to Daphne, kissing her.
33) 12) dialog: In a minute, Ludwig. Ludwig leaves.
34) 0) text: As they come out, Eddie notices Daphne clutching somethin her hand.  He reaches for her hand.  Opens it.  It's a brushed gold necklace.
36) 0) text: Jordy talks to Daphne. 
36) 1) dialog: I told your partner, I can't help.  I didn't see anything.
36) 3) dialog: Tamina was a friend of mine.  My shower was broken, she let me use theirs.
36) 6) dialog: If I tell you, will you arrest me?
36) 12) dialog: No, no, don't talk to Immigration! She clams up.
36) 15) dialog: ...my little sister and I shared a flat - I came home one night and a man was raping her.  His gun was on the chair... He came at me and I shot him.
36) 18) dialog: Yes, but he was a cop.
36) 20) dialog: (beat)
36) 23) dialog: You're a cop - you'll never believe me.
36) 25) text: Can I talk to you? Eddie steps away with Jordy.  Keeping his eyes on Daphne. She tries to listen.
38) 0) text: Daphne rides in the backseat.  Jordy's watching her in th rearview.
38) 1) dialog: Now I become custody of police department?
38) 3) dialog: I will if they don't send me back.
38) 5) dialog: Are you married?
38) 7) dialog: Do you live alone? (beat)
38) 10) dialog: Somewhere else? Jordy looks at her...
40) 0) text: Jordy unlocks the door.  Enters with Daphne.  The fire station is empty.
40) 2) dialog: So...the station is empty?
41) 0) text: Jordy and Daphne walk through the locker room.  Her eyes never leaving Jordy's.
41) 2) dialog: Yes, I considered it.
41) 4) dialog: No.
41) 6) dialog: No. Daphne stops.  Looks at him.  Stands very close.
41) 7) dialog: I came here.  I had no money.  I knew no one.  I couldn't get a job because you have to have a green card to get work.  They approached me - I could've made a lot of money.  I considered it, but... it's not who I am.  They pay me below the table at Ludwig's.
41) 9) dialog: What are you asking me?
41) 11) dialog: Can you let me go? She leans in close to him - giving him the opportunity to kiss her.  Jordy is tempted but...remembers Eddie's warni and backs up slightly.
41) 13) dialog: You could shower with me. Jordy is locked in her eyes.  Almost giving in.  Then bre away.  Gestures towards the showers.  Daphne looks away form him - crestfallen.  She heads to t showers.  Jordy follows her into the bathroom.  The walls lined with shower stalls.
41) 18) dialog: I'm not a whore.  I'm not a whore.
41) 20) dialog: You don't know.  I'm sorry.  I was desperate.  That's not me.  I shot a cop.  Can you imagine what they'll do to me when I got to prison?
41) 22) dialog: I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to...I'm glad.  Actually I'm glad it's over.  All this time.  Hiding.  Never being able to look anyone in the eyes.  Always afraid that someone would find out who I was.  Never trusting anyone... He covers her with the towel, pulling her up.
43) 0) text: It's quiet - Chief Duffy paces in front of the Sergeant's desk.  Looking at his watch.  Growing more and more aggravated as every second ticks by.  Jordy enters escort Daphne.  Sees Duffy and tires to go past him.  Duffy turn and sees Jordy and Daphne.
43) 4) text: I called and you're not here.  I wait up at the station and you don't even show up!!!  I beep you - you don't return my call.  Where the hell have you been?! Jordy takes a few steps away from Daphne.
47) 0) text: Daphne and Korfin are sitting at a table.  Korfin's arm i a sling, his side bandaged.  Duffy and Jordy enter in the dress uniforms.  Korfin walks over to them.
47) 15) text: Consider yourself served. Jordy opens the papers.  Korfin puts Daphne in the car.  Walks back over to Jordy and reads over his shoulder.
48) 0) text: It's an old brownstone - in poor condition.  Jordy pulls Opens the door for Daphne - takes her by the elbow - stee her to the door.  He is edgy.  Jumpy.  Looking around.
48) 1) dialog: Are you alright?
48) 3) dialog: I'm sorry. He looks at her.  Nods.  They walk up to the stairs as th front door opens.  A NEIGHBOR exits, shocked.  Jordy pull Daphne out of the way.
48) 4) dialog: (in Czech to the man)
49) 0) text: Jordy and Daphne make their way up the stairs.  A bouquet flowers are outside Daphne's apartment.
49) 3) dialog: Ludwig?  He's gay - are you jealous?
49) 5) dialog: If you were my boyfriend, I'd suggest you find another girlfriend that isn't going to jail ten-thousand miles away. They're staring in each other's eyes.  The sexual tension strong.
49) 7) dialog: No matter what happens...I'm glad I met you.
50) 2) dialog: Right. She holds his look.
50) 4) dialog: In the kitchen.
50) 6) dialog: I'll get my clothes. She heads down the hall.  Jordy enters the small kitchen. flips on the kitchen light and the LIGHTBULB EXPLODES -
50) 8) dialog: Jordy!!!
50) 11) dialog: That's not mine! WHOOOOOOOOOSH!  The fire extinguisher FEEDS THE FIRE!  Fl leap up from the fire - shooting toward the extinguisher because it's filled with gasoline.  The handle LOCKS!  Jo CAN'T TURN IT OFF.  Flames engulf the extinguisher and JORDY'S HAND. He flings the extinguisher - BACKS OUT OF THE KITCHEN.  Closes the door.  Jordy takes off his jacket.  Stuffs it under the bottom of the door.  Blocking the smoke.  He hurries into the living room.  Knowing it's moments befor the extinguisher will explode.  Jordy pulls out his cellu Hits the speed dial as he notices Daphne about to throw a chair through the window.
50) 14) dialog: Oh my G-d!  Oh my G-d! Jordy turns - sees Eddie's shield.
50) 15) dialog: They were here! This freaks her out.  They were in her home.  She starts panic.
50) 19) dialog: Pouring it out! She grabs the can of gasoline - pours it down the drain. FIRE is raging outside the bathroom.  The bathroom door i beginning to smoke and burn.  They are trapped. Jordy turns - grabs an exposed water pipe that runs up th wall to the ceiling.  He throws his feet against the wall leverage.  Pulls with all his might to break it loose.  I creaking - but he's having a hard time with it.
50) 20) dialog: Oh shit! Jordy looks over.  The gasoline she's pouring out - is no going down the drain.  It's stopped up.  As soon as the f gets in the bathroom, everything will explode! Jordy begins pulling at the rusty pipe with all his might Daphne comes over - helps him.  Both of them trying to br it off.  Suddenly it snaps and water POURS into the room. SOAKING THE WALLS.  They point the pipe toward the door, soaking some of the flames which are consuming the door.  Trying to stop the fire from coming in.  He and Daphne ar drenched.  And trapped. Jordy grabs a broken piece of pipe.  Starts SMASHING the behind them.  The wall to the adjacent apartment.
50) 21) text: Jordy and Daphne in the bathroom - surrounded by fire.  CAMERA WHIP PANS down the street as FIRE ENGINES arrive.
51) 0) text: Fire engines have arrived.  The street is filled with gawkers.  Garcia and Korfin pull up just as Jordy runs fr the building - holding the kid in one arm and pulling Dap with the other.  Carefully guarding his bandaged hand.  A fireman grabs the kid.  Another grabs Daphne.  Garcia and Korfin run to Jordy.
64) 0) text: Daphne sitting on a bench in a jail cell.  Watching TV through the bars.  She is in the fire department's holdin cell in Brooklyn.
66) 11) text: I know you got backup at home.  Drop it off. Jordy sighs and exits. INT. IMMIGRATION &amp; NATURALIZATION OFFICE - DAY Jordy is talking to BILL STERN, a senior special agent. another office we see Daphne with two 25-year old ASSISTA U.S. ATTORNEYS.
66) 19) dialog: Forget about me.  You have enough problems of your own.
66) 21) dialog: I don't want to drag you down with me.
66) 23) dialog: Shhhh. She leans in and kisses him.  Then looks into his eyes, trying to find a smile.
68) 0) text: Jordy's on the couch.  A drink in his hand, watching TV w his dog, ZACK.  Jordy's eyes are glazed.  He's drunk, his eyes are as bloodshot as Eddie's were...without his job o Daphne.  His mind miles away - the dog and drink are his only comf As Nicolette reports (she got the name right), her anger seeps through her broadcast.