1) 1) text: on a tray table.  Crumpled Czech bills and coins are on i Hands are counting the money.  The airline hostess announ the arrival at JFK - in CZECH.  A hand reaches into a bre pocket - pulling out two passports.  One is opened.  Belo to EMIL SLOVAK.  The next passport belongs to OLEG RAZGUL The hand passes the Oleg Razgul passport to the man next him.  We notice several empty airline bottles of vodka an small disposable camera on Oleg's tray table.  The passpo is set down.  Oleg picks it up.  We hear Emil's voice in CZECH.  The scene is subtitled in ENGLISH.
1) 2) dialog: Just do what I do.  Say the same thing I say.  Don't open your mouth.
2) 0) text: CAMERA DOLLIES down a long line of passengers.  They are split into two lines - one for Americans, the other for visitors.  CAMERA finally arrives at EMIL SLOVAK.  An unshaven Czech in his mid-30's.  Tall, scraggly beard.  Piercing blue eyes.  He's dressed in an outdated suit.  H eyes are alert, cunning and smart. OLEG RAZGUL, stands in line behind Emil.  Oleg is big.  N tall - but wide.  A wrestler's body.  Emil looks at Oleg. (The following is in CZECH and subtitled in ENGLISH.)
2) 1) dialog: Don't fool around.
2) 3) dialog: Did you hear what I said?
2) 7) dialog: Yes sir. He hands the passport to the officer who runs it through image swipe.  Emil glances furtively back to Oleg.
2) 9) dialog: Two weeks holiday.
2) 11) dialog: I have five-hundred dollars.
2) 15) dialog: Yes.
2) 18) dialog: Is there a problem?
2) 23) dialog: We are both from Prague.
2) 26) dialog: Two weeks.
2) 28) dialog: He doesn't speak English.
2) 40) dialog: He made joke, bad joke.  First time on airplane... The SUPERVISOR comes over to see what the problem is:
4) 0) text: Now other officers are questioning Emil and Oleg.  They'v been there a while.  The SECONDARY OFFICER is looking Ole
4) 3) dialog: I am butcher.
4) 5) dialog: You stuff sausage in it.
4) 7) dialog: Dog food. Emil looks at Oleg.  Blaming his stupid responses at Pass Control for their detainment.
4) 9) dialog: No.  Are you proposing?
6) 0) text: Oleg and Emil stare at the bright lights - all the nonsto action.  Each stands with an old suitcase.
6) 3) dialog: (in Czech)
6) 7) dialog: (in Czech)
6) 8) text: Because I don't like your ugly language.  I heard enough of it in school!  Now speak Czech or English.  And don't fool around anymore.  You almost got us thrown out! Emil pulls out an envelope with Milos' address on it.  Th is who they came to see.  Emil hails a CAB.  Oleg is star inside a camera store - at himself on a monitor.  A videocamera's pointed out in the street.
6) 10) dialog: We have no money.  Come on. Oleg stares at the videocamera - dying to have one like t Emil slides into the cab.
6) 12) dialog: Here. Emil looks out the window - no sign of Oleg.  Then, Oleg hurries out the camera store, gripping something inside h coat.  He flings both suitcases in the trunk, SLAMS it sh and jumps in the back seat.  He opens his jacket - pullin out the VIDEOCAMERA he just stole.
6) 13) dialog: Go! Oleg smiles sheepishly at Emil.
8) 0) text: The cab is in front of an old five-story brownstone.  Ole gets the bags out of the trunk as Emil tucks the envelope into his jacket, then steps up to the old building.  He l back at Oleg - who's VIDEOTAPING him.
8) 1) dialog: Turn that off!  Get the bags.
8) 3) dialog: For five years I paid for your stupidness - you'll carry my bag for the rest of my life if I say so. (challenging)
8) 4) text: Unless you refuse, Oleg. Oleg looks at Emil.  Even though Oleg is stronger than Em he fears him.  He picks up both bags.  Emil searches the occupant list over the buzzers to the apartment building.
8) 5) dialog: There.  5RW. Emil pushes ten of the buzzers except 5RW.  A BUZZER clic and Emil pushes it open.
9) 0) text: The brownstone has no elevator so Emil and Oleg climb the stairs... Oleg cradling his camera.  Emil notices a crack pipe on the floor and picks it up.  Smells the bowl.
9) 2) dialog: Smell like chemicals...for smoking drugs. Emil pockets the pipe and climbs to the top floor, moving down the dirty hallway to a corner door.
10) 0) text: He KNOCKS...FOOTSTEPS approach.  The door is opened by MI a 40-year-old Czech, dressed in stained plumbers overalls He  is surprised to see Emil and Oleg in his doorway.  Ol films him...
10) 2) dialog: Surprise!  Surprise! Milos shoots a look across the tiny kitchen to TAMINA, hi comely wife.
11) 0) text: Emil pushes his way inside.  Oleg follows.  Milos wears plumbers overalls but Emil notices sports a Rolex.  Tamin has on a faded dress but despite their cheaply furnished apartment she wears an expensive brushed gold necklace, bracelet and big pearl earrings.  The room is furnished w kitsch from Disney World and Las Vegas.  The only anomaly a HUGE SONY TRINITRON HOME ENTERTAINMENT CENTER.  (The following is in Czech and subtitled in English.)
11) 1) dialog: Your sister said she didn't know where you were so you shouldn't write to her with return address if you're hiding. 
11) 3) dialog: You know me...I never hurt anybody.  Where's the money?
11) 8) dialog: Milos.  Get my money! Oleg videotapes the scene.
11) 12) dialog: Ha. Ha.
11) 17) dialog: A job?
11) 19) dialog: As a plumber?!
11) 21) dialog: A job??  As a plumber???  You think I come to America to work!
11) 23) dialog: (furious)
11) 24) text: You spent all the money while I was in prison?  Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!? Emil pulls the knife away from Tamina - then angrily PLUN it toward Milos' chest! Oleg videotapes it.  Then lowers the camera - shocked tha Emil killed Milos. Blood sprays Tamina's face.  She tries to run but Oleg gr her, not noticing her brushed gold bracelet falls to the floor.  He covers her mouth as he points the videocamera Emil who STABS Tamina - absolutely enraged!
11) 26) dialog: She saw! Emil hurries toward the bathroom.  She just got out of th shower.  Her underwear and purse are draped over a chair. Emil grabs the purse.  Finds a CZECHOSLOVAKIAN PASSPORT. opens the cover, stares at her photo and name.
11) 27) dialog: Daphne Hanlova. There's one stamp in the passport - from the U.S. when sh arrived - June 16, 1998.  Underneath is written - 6 MONTH STAY.  Emil flips through the rest of the passport - all blank pages.
11) 28) dialog: Six month visa.  Still here two years later.  They'll deport her if she goes to Police. Emil pockets Daphne's passport and wallet, scoops up her shoes and jacket - enters the kitchen and dumps them on t floor.  He tears through the kitchen cabinets, throwing c and bottles aside.
11) 30) dialog: I'm going to make a bohemian barbecue. Emil draws the kitchen curtains plunging the room into darkness.
18) 0) text: The light is blinking an eerie green and yellow light int the room.  Emil is at the window pulling the blind down trying to shut out the blinking light.  He pulls it down twice and it pops back up both times.  The third time he angrily pulls it so hard, it comes off the window complet He sits down in a chair in frustration - adjusting a pill behind his back.  THE ROSEANNE SHOW is on TV.  Roseanne h been talking to a FATHER.
18) 3) dialog: (mutters)
18) 6) text: Forgive me, Kirk.  Let me hug you? The audience boos.  Roseanne mediates... Oleg - fresh from the shower with wet hair - sits on the in his skivvies - staring into the videocamera's LCD scre rewinding Milos' murder.  We see it now for the first tim as he rewinds it.  Oleg watches - a bottle of cheap vodka between his legs.  Emil, looks up from his dictionary.  H wearing Milos' Rolex.  Tamina's jewelry - her brushed gold necklace and pearl earrings - are in front of him with Daphne's wallet.  Emi looks up - Oleg is holding his videocamera.
18) 7) dialog: (Czech)
18) 10) text: I'm not filming.  I'm watching Milos die.  It's just like a move but realer. Emil grabs the videocamera. (Czech)
18) 12) dialog: Speak English!
18) 15) dialog: How you erase this?
18) 17) dialog: Stupid, Milos.  I didn't want to kill him. (noticing)
18) 18) text: What's this? Emil found the last card in the wallet.  It's pink with a picture of a busty globe.  Printed in the middle is - WOR ESCORTS - and a number.
18) 19) dialog: Worldly escorts? Emil picks up his dictionary and begins to flip the pages finding the meaning of worldly.  He gets up and dials the number.  A soft, SEXY VOICE answers.  Soft music in the background.
18) 21) dialog: Hello?
18) 24) dialog: I'm homesick.  You have Eastern European girl?  A Czech girl?
18) 26) dialog: I take her.  Send her!
22) 2) dialog: Louder. VIDEOCAMERA SLOWLY ZOOMS OUT and PANS over to Emil, sitti on the hotel bed watching the TV.  He looks at us.
22) 3) dialog: Louder. Oleg's hand reaches in front of the lens - turning up the volume.  The scene cuts back to Stephen Geller being interviewed by Robert Hawkins and his camera crew.  He's sitting on the front lawn of a mental institution in a pa stained shirt.  A showing of his artwork is displayed in background.  Patients peruse the paintings of weird dysfunctional faces that avoid eye contact.  One of the paintings depicts Eddie Flemming and Leon Jackson.
22) 17) dialog: I love America.  No one is responsible for what they do. There's a KNOCK on the door.  Our VIDEOCAMERA POV swings to it.  Then WHIPS back to Emil.  Emil looks at us.
22) 18) dialog: Get in the bathroom!
22) 20) dialog: Oleg, get in bathroom, stay there and shut up! Emil turns off the TV.  Our POV backs into the bathroom, closing the door but leaving it open a crack.  Emil looks down at his shoe.  The POV PANS down to the kitchen knife sticking out of Emil's BOOT.  Emil's hands pull his pants cuff over it.  POV PANS up to Emil as he moves to the doo and opens it.  It's not Daphne and she's not world class.
22) 22) dialog: Where's Czech girl?
22) 25) dialog: I ordered a Czech girl.  Daphne, you know her? Oleg ZOOMS in for a CLOSE UP of Honey.  During the rest o the scene Oleg films her.  Honey begins to undress.
22) 27) dialog: Where is escort service?
22) 29) dialog: I like to talk to the person who runs the service.  Can you give me address?
22) 31) dialog: (stopping her)
22) 34) text: Look, man, I don't give a shit if you want sex or not, but you're payin' for my time. Emil pulls the knife out of his boot and SHOVES her again the door, PUSHING the blade against her throat - suddenly furious like he was before killing Milos and Tamina.
22) 35) dialog: Give me the address!!
25) 2) dialog: (to vendor)
25) 6) dialog: Do you know how much killer gets for movie rights?
25) 9) dialog: Million?!  The killer gets one million dollars for a television interview?
25) 11) dialog: Yes.  Both.
25) 13) dialog: (to Oleg)
25) 14) text: Get a taxi. Oleg tucks the magazines in his coat, picks up the suitca and hails a taxi.  As Emil collects his change he sees an BLIND WOMAN waiting at the crosswalk.  The light's blinki WALK.
25) 15) dialog: Let me help. Emil gently takes her arm and crosses her to the other si
33) 7) dialog: I...I have a temper. She looks at him, not understanding.  Oleg films the scen
33) 8) dialog: When I lose it, I lose control.  I didn't intend to kill Milos but he stole from me.  Cheated me!  When I went to prison, they beat me.  I still didn't tell he was my partner.  I loved Milos like a brother... The tone in Emil's voice - there's an uncharacteristic softness to it.  He wants to reconcile his behavior to he
33) 9) dialog: (in English)
33) 10) text: I'm not a killer. The back door opens.  He shoves the knife in his pocket a Ludwig peers around the alleyway.  What he sees is Emil leaning close to Daphne, kissing her.
33) 13) dialog: Smart girl.  I'm glad you're not a whore.  But washing hair?  This is no job for a woman as beautiful as you.  They should be washing your hair. Emil reaches into his pocket and pulls out SOMETHING, sti it in the palm of her hand, closing her fingers around it
33) 14) dialog: I don't want to kill you.  But if you talk, I will. (whispers)
34) 6) text: Stay with her. They start heading down the curb - trying not to attract attention of Oleg and Emil.
34) 8) dialog: (Czech)
34) 9) text: Put the fuckin' camera down!  Let's go! Emil starts to flee.
35) 0) text: What follows next is an incredible foot chase with Eddie, Jordy, Korfin and Leon running through traffic - chasing Emil.  Eddie tries to stay in the lead but is running out breath.
37) 0) text: Emil pulls off his sock and shoe, lifts his foot into a stained sink and washes the blood away, exposing the chun pink flesh taken out of his ankle.  Emil grabs some toile paper, plugs the wound, then cuts the towel off the dispe with his kitchen knife and wraps his ankle.  He grits tee in pain.  The lights go out.  Then Oleg adjusts the fluorescent light above the sink.
37) 2) dialog: Shut up.
37) 4) dialog: This is nothing. Emil lifts his shirt, exposing his back.
37) 6) dialog: Don't want to film this? We don't see what Oleg sees - not yet - but from his expression, it's horrible.
42) 1) text: on a steak.  Male hands cut a piece.  Another male hand s down a huge bottle of Extra Strength Excedrin.  The hands abandon the steak and rip open the bottle.  The CAMERA pu back to include the LCD screen of Oleg's videocamera.  He taping Emil as he rips open the safety plastic with his teeth.  Emil is sweating with fever and his eyes are glaz over in pain.  He 'drinks' pills from the bottle and chew them up.  Wincing in pain.  Emil washes them down with a beer. Emil looks down and the camera follows his gaze to the "People" magazine article he's reading on Stephen Geller. Emil laughs.  Shaking his head at the article as the videocamera tilts back up to his face.
42) 3) dialog: The video of Milos and Tamina - I told you to erase it.
42) 5) dialog: And the whore's murder?  You didn't erase that either, did you?  Don't lie, I won't be angry.
42) 7) dialog: Put the camera down, Oleg. Oleg closes the LCD screen and puts the camera down.  Emi removes a small address book -- from Leon's wallet - he l up Eddie Flemming's name.
42) 9) dialog: What does it look like?  It's an address book! Oleg jumps up with the camera to tape the book.
42) 11) dialog: Sit down!
45) 7) dialog: So...who's Nicky?
45) 9) dialog: Your opinion. (leaning forward)
45) 13) dialog: I kill someone famous.
45) 15) dialog: Good - be tough to the end.  Actor who plays you will want to die like hero. Eddie looks at the videocamera.  Emil answers Eddie's loo
45) 16) dialog: So tabloids don't have to do re enactments.  They going to have real movie this time.
45) 18) dialog: Turn it off. Oleg obeys.  Emil turns to Eddie.
45) 19) dialog: No.  We are insane.  Who else but crazy men would film their murders? (gestures to Eddie)
45) 24) dialog: Smarter than Americans.  You're fed cry baby talk shows all day long.  Not only will Americans believe me, they'll cry for me. (laughs)
45) 25) text: So...Detective Eddie Flemming, would you like to say goodbye to your Nicolette?  Maybe you can propose to her now? Eddie says nothing.  Just stares at Emil.  Emil puffs on Eddie's cigar.
45) 26) dialog: Okay.  He has nothing to say. (signaling Oleg)
45) 31) dialog: Bad last moment - I cut that out. Emil raises the pistol again - pointing the gun at Eddie' left temple.  Emil cocks the hammer, but Eddie avoids the gun, ducking his head to the side of Emil's arm.  Standin and following his head up Emil's arm and pushing him over into the desk.  Eddie then knocks Emil with the chair and Emil falls off the desk and onto the floor. Oleg still grips the videocamera.  Eddie continues around with the chair and drives Oleg back across the room - pin him to the wall. Eddie comes back from Oleg to the gun at the same time as Emil is limping for it.  Eddie knocks Emil out of the way with the chair and then stabs him with the legs of the ch repeatedly. Eddie comes up and around again at Oleg who is coming at from the wall.  Eddie knocks Oleg over the coffee table a onto the sofa.  Falling on top of him, rolling over and leaving Oleg on the sofa. Eddie manages to get up from the sofa and position the ch in such a way that he can fall over backward and grab the gun.  Emil limps toward the gun at the same time and it i not clear in the darkness who has the gun. Oleg gets up from the sofa and goes over to get the videocamera.  Eddie has managed to get the gun and comes as Oleg is moving in with the camera and starts shooting toward Oleg - managing to shoot one of the blinds off the window and one of the lampshades off the lamp. Oleg crouches down with the camera and Eddie starts to tu toward Emil who comes at him with the knife and stabs him the stomach. Emil steps back, revealing the knife is BURIED IN EDDIE'S STOMACH. Eddie stumbles backward, falling over but still attached the chair - holding the gun.  Eddie can't believe he got stabbed.  Blood swells around his stomach.  He can't be dying.  This can't be happening.  He looks at Emil.  The is terrible.  Oleg has knelt down next to Eddie - getting close up. Emil looks at Eddie.
45) 32) dialog: Die.  Die. Emil looks around.  Grabs a black pillow and finishes Edd off, suffocating him.
45) 38) text: Sleep well, brother. Leon begins to sing "Amazing Grace."  Oleg PANS from the and focuses it on a lightbulb.  Hands enter the frame - carefully pouring clear liquid into an ashtray.  A long hypodermic needle slides into the ashtray - the plunger i pulled back and the needle quickly fills with liquid.  Gingerly, the needle is inserted into the lightbulb.  Aga the plunger moves and the lightbulb is filled and placed table...next to a CAN OF GASOLINE.  VIDEOCAMERA ZOOMS OUT revealing...Emil sitting at a hotel desk doing this.
46) 26) dialog: Come to 45 Broadway.  Don't bring the Police.  Come alone or you'll be in my next film.
46) 29) dialog: No.  I'm the best that's ever threatened you.
46) 31) dialog: We'll talk about that.  Four o'clock gives you time to go to bank.  Three hundred thousand dollars.
46) 33) dialog: (incensed)
46) 36) dialog: Come alone.  Bring cash.  And we'll talk about surrendering. CLICK.  The line goes dead.  Hawkins disconnects.  Hands phone back to Maggie.  She's looking at him.  Excited.  Hawkins looks at Nicolette.  His mind whirls.
53) 0) text: POP...a video POV of a bottle of Crystal as the cork is popped.  The videocamera pans up to Emil sitting at the table.  He nods at the waiter who leaves.  Emil raises th glass - looking into the lens.
53) 1) dialog: America!  Who says you can't be success in America?  I arrived with nothing, knowing nobody - now look - I am a success story! The videocamera is lowered.  Oleg turns it off.  Asks suspiciously.
53) 3) dialog: Oleg, don't be paranoid.  You got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars, didn't you?  I gave you half of what they gave me.  Look - here we are! Emil gestures toward the big television set.  We are in Planet Hollywood - where diners and those by the bar can watch a huge screen hanging from the ceiling.  Robert Haw is introducing his show.
53) 6) dialog: The one who got caught in the bathroom. (beat)
53) 7) text: George Michael. Emil laughs.  Oleg doesn't.
53) 9) dialog: Shut up.  Look! Emil points towards the TV.  "Top Story" is continuing. scene cuts to Emil's video footage.  Eddie is handcuffed the chair.  The light illuminating his face.
53) 12) dialog: Bad last moment - I cut it out. Emil looks at Oleg - furious.
53) 13) dialog: I told you to cut that out before we handed in the tape!
53) 15) dialog: Die.  Die.
55) 0) text: The dinner patrons are watching TV.  Shocked.  Emil glare Oleg.
55) 1) dialog: Why did you leave that stuff in about you being the director?
55) 3) dialog: Your idea?  I thought it was my idea. Oleg tenses.  Emil laughs.
55) 4) dialog: Aren't you just the cameraman? Oleg doesn't laugh.
55) 6) dialog: Credit?
55) 8) dialog: Yes.  But there's only one problem - you want credit but the problem is - I don't share credit. Oleg is pissed.
55) 9) dialog: You got that?
55) 11) dialog: You think you are a director?  You are a fucking little, small Russian piece of shit.  And I hate you.  I fucking hate you. Emil slaps Oleg across the face.  Oleg stands up.  Emil suddenly pulls out Eddie's gun but before he can pull the trigger, Oleg STABS Emil in the arm!  Emil squeezes off a shot through the crowded restaurant.  Patrons SCREAM - Ol runs through the restaurant, escaping.  It's chaos.  Hawkins arrives with a crew and with BRUCE CUTLER, a confident, tough criminal attorney. Emil pulls the steak knife out of his arm, picks up a nap pressing it to his wound.
55) 12) dialog: Oh, hello. Cutler accesses the situation.
55) 13) dialog: Are you my attorney? (extends his hand to Cutler)
55) 14) text: I'm Emil.  I'm insane.
55) 16) dialog: Here.  I have your money. Emil picks up a briefcase and hands it to Cutler.  Cutler opens it - inside is the cash Emil got from Robert Hawkin Emil looks at the table, pushing the plates and silverwar aside.  Emil looks under the table, throwing the chair as freaking.  He's lost the most important thing in his life
55) 17) dialog: Oh no!  No!  Shit!
55) 19) text: Emil.  Take it easy.  Stay with me.  Sit down.  What do you need?  What are you looking for?
55) 20) dialog: He has the camera!  He took the movie! Jordy comes in, gun raised.
55) 22) dialog: I give up! Jordy is disappointed!  He didn't want to take Emil alive Hawkins signals to his camera man, who swings his camera Jordy as he approaches Emil, his gun aimed at Emil's head
55) 26) dialog: No.  Keep filming... Jordy realizes how media savvy Emil is and understands in that moment why he's surrendering.  Jordy yanks Emil up - dragging him across the restaurant floor - Emil still favoring his ankle.
55) 29) dialog: Where are we going?
55) 31) dialog: Yes.  Yes, come with me!
55) 33) text: I'm invoking rights - this man is represented by counsel.  I'm coming with him. The "Top Story" crew is all over them, filming everything Cutler stays close to Emil.  Making sure he's in the vide footage.
56) 0) text: As Jordy comes out with a limping Emil, police are arrivi Tommy, Leon and Murphy run over as Jordy opens the back d to his car.  Leon grabs Emil.
59) 0) text: The car slows down.  Tommy watches Jordy, realizes what's going on.  Jordy stops at a dead end.  Pulls open the bac door, yanks Emil out and starts to drag him up into the deserted tunnel.
59) 3) dialog: My father was.  He gave me many lessons about fire.  Now it's my friend.
59) 17) dialog: You can't kill me.  You're not a cop.  Just fireman with a gun.  I bet you never shot anybody in your life.
59) 19) dialog: C'mon.  Pull the trigger.  Do it.  Oh, look, you're sweating.  You don't have the balls.
59) 22) dialog: The Sheraton!  On Broadway!  Room 210.  Go get Oleg.  He'll kill you. Leon runs up.  Tommy's relieved to see Jordy didn't kill Emil.
65) 0) text: The CAMERA WIDENS from the TV set.  We are now in an interview room, a guard is posted outside the room.  Emil sits at a small table - with Cutler.  Emil is dressed in Bellevue clothes.  He's handcuffed and his ankle is banda Emil gives a complimentary nod toward Cutler.
65) 2) dialog: You bring the cigarettes?
65) 5) text: I want to get the cuffs off... but there's a little bit of a problem.  Things out there are very negative right now for us.  We gotta change that around.  Perception is very, very important.  Perception is reality.  I know you're not fuckin' crazy.  But it's important that I get that message out.  Cause that's our only defense in this case. Emil leans forward.  Cutler retrieves the cigarette from between his lips.
65) 8) dialog: I was all of these.
65) 10) dialog: What about Oleg?
65) 12) dialog: No, he is here.  Shit...
65) 14) dialog: What about my movie rights?  Book rights?
65) 16) dialog: What's your cut?  How much?
65) 18) dialog: (laughs)
65) 21) dialog: Thirty-percent.  No more.  Or I call another lawyer.  This is the biggest case of your life.  Don't try to negotiate.  Thirty percent.  Say yes or no.
65) 23) dialog: What else do you need?
65) 25) dialog: (indicating cigarette)
65) 26) text: Give me another one, please. Cutler stuffs another cigarette in Emil's mouth.  Lights
65) 28) dialog: My father always degraded me.  Killed my self-esteem.  And my mother was blind.
65) 30) dialog: Yeah, she went blind giving birth to me.  She went to fucking black market doctor to induce me.
65) 32) dialog: Yeah, yeah...bad doctor gave her bad drugs which made her go blind.  And my father blamed me for her blindness...
65) 34) dialog: Yeah, he hated me from day when I was born.  Put it out.  Can you put the cigarette out? Cutler takes the cigarette from Emil's lips and extinguis it.
65) 35) dialog: That's what he did to me.  He put cigarettes out on me.
65) 37) dialog: Out on my back when I was a small boy.
65) 41) dialog: I'm abused.  Don't you think?
70) 0) text: Jordy sits in a taxi, wearing sunglasses.  Looking inside park where a POLICE BARRICADE surrounds a POLICE TUGBOAT. Cutler and Emil are arriving - Emil is being transferred Rykers Island.  Jordy pulls his .38 out of his ankle hols and sticks it in his pocket.
70) 4) text: Many policemen are trying to control a swarm of reporters All are waiting for Emil.  WE SEE:
70) 13) text: Officer, keep this man back, he's assaulted my client on previous occasions. A PATROLMAN blocks Jordy from Emil.
70) 17) dialog: Be careful.  I can kill you.  I'm insane. Jordy shoves Emil into Cutler.  A scuffle breaks out as t cops separate the two - pulling Jordy back as we cut to:
70) 26) dialog: ...so we kill someone famous and if we are caught, we are sent to mental hospital...
70) 28) text: Officers, there's your killer, do your duty, arrest him! The police are attempting to get to Oleg, but a sea of reporters separate them.  We hear the staccato calls from press corps.  Nicolette looks on in amazed outrage.  Jord notices and starts moving towards her.  Before the POLICE CAPTAIN in charge of the detail can react, the rage which killed Milos, Tamina and Honey wells up inside Emil.  He yells at Oleg!
70) 29) dialog: Traitor!!
70) 33) dialog: I'll kill her!  Back off!  Everyone back away from me! We hear Jordy's voice above Emil.
70) 36) text: Let the woman go! Cops reluctantly lower their weapons.  But Jordy is still aiming his gun at Emil.  He is the only one who hasn't lowered his gun.  The captain is yelling at him.
70) 38) dialog: Tell him to put his gun down!
70) 40) dialog: If he doesn't lower his gun I'll fucking kill her. Jordy doesn't lower his gun.  Emil tries to back away.  T reporters - who have ducked and covered - are still keepi their lenses pointed at the scene.  This is great film!  Jordy follows after Emil - his gun raised.
70) 43) dialog: Shut up! Meanwhile, the captain is still yelling:
70) 46) dialog: Shut up! Everyone is screaming at once.  It's mass chaos.  The cap is trying to keep everyone calm.  Cops following along wi their weapons lowered.  All except Jordy - his gun still pointed at Emil.  Hawkins can't believe what footage he's getting.  He's pushing his cameraman to the front of the pack.  Trying t get the best coverage.
70) 47) dialog: I'll surrender!! I'll surrender if he lowers his gun. He's pointing at Jordy but he's continuing to back away towards the police boat.