22) 21) dialog: Hi, I'm Honey.
22) 23) dialog: Baby, I'm anybody you want me to be.  I'm a little schoolgirl, I'm mommy, I'm a Czech girl. She enters.  Closes the door behind her.
22) 24) dialog: Now I like to get business out of the way before we get down to pleasure.  Why don'tchya put my money on the dresser.
22) 26) dialog: It's an outcall service run out of an apartment.  I don't meet the other girls.  Aren't you gonna get undressed?
22) 28) dialog: That's confidential.  Could you put the money on the dresser?
22) 30) dialog: Look.  Do we have a problem here?  There's no reason to have a problem.  I'm gonna make you feel real good.  You wanna Czech girl?  After I'm done with you, you won't miss her.  Now why don't you pay me? She starts to unfasten Emil's belt.
22) 33) dialog: (suddenly hard as nails)
22) 36) dialog: Alright, alright - don't hurt me!  Please, it's in my book, in my purse! Emil backs off as she reaches for her purse, and comes ou with a can of mace, SPRAYING Emil's face! Emil stumbles backwards - Oleg holding him in the frame. WHIP PANS back to Honey as she grabs her clothes, unlocki the door but Emil's HAND SLAMS it shut!  Emil turns blind rubbing his burning eyes - guarding the door.  Honey dart toward the bathroom - she pushes open the door and runs i Oleg who is VIDEOTAPING HER.  Horrified, she turns around Emil SMASHES her in the face so hard she topples backward tripping into the bathtub, pulling the shower curtain dow her!  Like a panther out for the kill, Emil POUNCES.  Ole films as Emil lifts his hand, gripping...
70) 28) text: Officers, there's your killer, do your duty, arrest him! The police are attempting to get to Oleg, but a sea of reporters separate them.  We hear the staccato calls from press corps.  Nicolette looks on in amazed outrage.  Jord notices and starts moving towards her.  Before the POLICE CAPTAIN in charge of the detail can react, the rage which killed Milos, Tamina and Honey wells up inside Emil.  He yells at Oleg!