6) 8) text: Because I don't like your ugly language.  I heard enough of it in school!  Now speak Czech or English.  And don't fool around anymore.  You almost got us thrown out! Emil pulls out an envelope with Milos' address on it.  Th is who they came to see.  Emil hails a CAB.  Oleg is star inside a camera store - at himself on a monitor.  A videocamera's pointed out in the street.
10) 1) dialog: Emil?                        
11) 0) text: Emil pushes his way inside.  Oleg follows.  Milos wears plumbers overalls but Emil notices sports a Rolex.  Tamin has on a faded dress but despite their cheaply furnished apartment she wears an expensive brushed gold necklace, bracelet and big pearl earrings.  The room is furnished w kitsch from Disney World and Las Vegas.  The only anomaly a HUGE SONY TRINITRON HOME ENTERTAINMENT CENTER.  (The following is in Czech and subtitled in English.)
11) 2) dialog: Did you hurt her?
11) 5) dialog: Take your eyes off her, Oleg! (to Emil)
11) 10) dialog: (nervously)
11) 13) dialog: Look at the way we live.  I'm a plumber.  You think I'd be working if I had money?! Emil, pissed, moves to a wood block and pulls out a KITCH KNIFE.  He grabs Tamina roughly, putting the blade to her throat.
11) 14) dialog: Emil.  Put down the knife. Milos looks at his wife - who is terrified.
11) 15) dialog: Emil.  I'll help you. Milos closes the gap between him and Emil - trying to cal him by talking softly.
11) 16) dialog: I can get you a job.
11) 18) dialog: Yes, the money is good.
11) 20) dialog: It's easy to learn.
11) 22) dialog: We started over, you can too.
11) 24) text: You spent all the money while I was in prison?  Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!? Emil pulls the knife away from Tamina - then angrily PLUN it toward Milos' chest! Oleg videotapes it.  Then lowers the camera - shocked tha Emil killed Milos. Blood sprays Tamina's face.  She tries to run but Oleg gr her, not noticing her brushed gold bracelet falls to the floor.  He covers her mouth as he points the videocamera Emil who STABS Tamina - absolutely enraged!
13) 0) text: FIRE TRUCKS from three battalions.  Radios CRACKLE.  Ther a crowd growing.  Jordy pushes his way through.  The top floor of the brownstone where Milos and Tamina lived has reduced to smoking ruins.  The trees are covered in debri and soot.  Jordy moves to LOUIE - Battalion Chief.
14) 0) text: The roof is gone.  The sky is exposed.  It's charred ruin smoked beams and watery muck.  Eddie and Leon are standin what's left of the mattress, looking at Milos and Tamina' charred bodies.  Eddie grips a half-smoked Cuban cigar, listening to Leon.
18) 6) text: Forgive me, Kirk.  Let me hug you? The audience boos.  Roseanne mediates... Oleg - fresh from the shower with wet hair - sits on the in his skivvies - staring into the videocamera's LCD scre rewinding Milos' murder.  We see it now for the first tim as he rewinds it.  Oleg watches - a bottle of cheap vodka between his legs.  Emil, looks up from his dictionary.  H wearing Milos' Rolex.  Tamina's jewelry - her brushed gold necklace and pearl earrings - are in front of him with Daphne's wallet.  Emi looks up - Oleg is holding his videocamera.
18) 10) text: I'm not filming.  I'm watching Milos die.  It's just like a move but realer. Emil grabs the videocamera. (Czech)
22) 34) text: Look, man, I don't give a shit if you want sex or not, but you're payin' for my time. Emil pulls the knife out of his boot and SHOVES her again the door, PUSHING the blade against her throat - suddenly furious like he was before killing Milos and Tamina.
23) 8) text: Milos and Tamina Karlova.  They were quiet and kept to themselves.  Landlord don't know who your girl is.
24) 0) text: CAMERA DESCENDS FROM THE SKY picking up Jordy as he enter what is left of Milos and Tamina's apartment.  The roof h been burned off. He moves into the next room, trying to s through the darkness - looking through the muck and char.
70) 28) text: Officers, there's your killer, do your duty, arrest him! The police are attempting to get to Oleg, but a sea of reporters separate them.  We hear the staccato calls from press corps.  Nicolette looks on in amazed outrage.  Jord notices and starts moving towards her.  Before the POLICE CAPTAIN in charge of the detail can react, the rage which killed Milos, Tamina and Honey wells up inside Emil.  He yells at Oleg!