1) 1) text: on a tray table.  Crumpled Czech bills and coins are on i Hands are counting the money.  The airline hostess announ the arrival at JFK - in CZECH.  A hand reaches into a bre pocket - pulling out two passports.  One is opened.  Belo to EMIL SLOVAK.  The next passport belongs to OLEG RAZGUL The hand passes the Oleg Razgul passport to the man next him.  We notice several empty airline bottles of vodka an small disposable camera on Oleg's tray table.  The passpo is set down.  Oleg picks it up.  We hear Emil's voice in CZECH.  The scene is subtitled in ENGLISH.
1) 3) dialog: Okay.
2) 0) text: CAMERA DOLLIES down a long line of passengers.  They are split into two lines - one for Americans, the other for visitors.  CAMERA finally arrives at EMIL SLOVAK.  An unshaven Czech in his mid-30's.  Tall, scraggly beard.  Piercing blue eyes.  He's dressed in an outdated suit.  H eyes are alert, cunning and smart. OLEG RAZGUL, stands in line behind Emil.  Oleg is big.  N tall - but wide.  A wrestler's body.  Emil looks at Oleg. (The following is in CZECH and subtitled in ENGLISH.)
2) 2) dialog: Okay. Oleg holds up his disposable camera - at arms length - to take a picture of himself.
2) 4) dialog: I want to document my trip to America.
2) 21) dialog: Yes...he's my friend.
2) 29) dialog: I speak English.
2) 32) dialog: New York.
2) 34) dialog: A cheap hotel.
2) 36) dialog: I'm here for movies.
2) 38) dialog: Yes.  No.  Both.  When I was a boy, I see movie at school called "It's a Wonderful Life" directed by Frank Capra.  Ever since I want to come to America.  Land of the free.  Home of the brave.  A land where anyone can be anything. As long as they are white.
4) 0) text: Now other officers are questioning Emil and Oleg.  They'v been there a while.  The SECONDARY OFFICER is looking Ole
6) 0) text: Oleg and Emil stare at the bright lights - all the nonsto action.  Each stands with an old suitcase.
6) 1) dialog: (in Russian)
6) 5) dialog: (in Russian)
6) 8) text: Because I don't like your ugly language.  I heard enough of it in school!  Now speak Czech or English.  And don't fool around anymore.  You almost got us thrown out! Emil pulls out an envelope with Milos' address on it.  Th is who they came to see.  Emil hails a CAB.  Oleg is star inside a camera store - at himself on a monitor.  A videocamera's pointed out in the street.
6) 9) dialog: Look.  New videocameras.  Color viewfinder.  Image stabilization.  Solarization.  Night vision.
8) 0) text: The cab is in front of an old five-story brownstone.  Ole gets the bags out of the trunk as Emil tucks the envelope into his jacket, then steps up to the old building.  He l back at Oleg - who's VIDEOTAPING him.
8) 2) dialog: Why should I carry your bag?  I am not a dog.
8) 4) text: Unless you refuse, Oleg. Oleg looks at Emil.  Even though Oleg is stronger than Em he fears him.  He picks up both bags.  Emil searches the occupant list over the buzzers to the apartment building.
9) 0) text: The brownstone has no elevator so Emil and Oleg climb the stairs... Oleg cradling his camera.  Emil notices a crack pipe on the floor and picks it up.  Smells the bowl.
9) 1) dialog: What?
10) 0) text: He KNOCKS...FOOTSTEPS approach.  The door is opened by MI a 40-year-old Czech, dressed in stained plumbers overalls He  is surprised to see Emil and Oleg in his doorway.  Ol films him...
11) 0) text: Emil pushes his way inside.  Oleg follows.  Milos wears plumbers overalls but Emil notices sports a Rolex.  Tamin has on a faded dress but despite their cheaply furnished apartment she wears an expensive brushed gold necklace, bracelet and big pearl earrings.  The room is furnished w kitsch from Disney World and Las Vegas.  The only anomaly a HUGE SONY TRINITRON HOME ENTERTAINMENT CENTER.  (The following is in Czech and subtitled in English.)
11) 4) dialog: Hello, Tamina. Oleg is looking Tamina over.  Milos - though scared - bar at Oleg.
11) 6) text: Look.  It wasn't my fault you two were caught. (of Oleg)
11) 24) text: You spent all the money while I was in prison?  Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!? Emil pulls the knife away from Tamina - then angrily PLUN it toward Milos' chest! Oleg videotapes it.  Then lowers the camera - shocked tha Emil killed Milos. Blood sprays Tamina's face.  She tries to run but Oleg gr her, not noticing her brushed gold bracelet falls to the floor.  He covers her mouth as he points the videocamera Emil who STABS Tamina - absolutely enraged!
11) 29) dialog: What are you looking for? Emil finds nail polish remover - looks at the bodies.
18) 6) text: Forgive me, Kirk.  Let me hug you? The audience boos.  Roseanne mediates... Oleg - fresh from the shower with wet hair - sits on the in his skivvies - staring into the videocamera's LCD scre rewinding Milos' murder.  We see it now for the first tim as he rewinds it.  Oleg watches - a bottle of cheap vodka between his legs.  Emil, looks up from his dictionary.  H wearing Milos' Rolex.  Tamina's jewelry - her brushed gold necklace and pearl earrings - are in front of him with Daphne's wallet.  Emi looks up - Oleg is holding his videocamera.
18) 9) dialog: (Czech)
18) 13) dialog: (English)
18) 16) dialog: I'll do it.  Don't hurt my camera! Emil tosses the camera back to Oleg who drops his vodka bottle in order to catch the camera.  Oleg, holding the camera like it's gold, goes to the dresser and puts it aw Emil starts to go through Daphne's wallet.
18) 23) dialog: Whore?
22) 19) dialog: Whatever we do - we fuck her, right?
25) 0) text: Video POV of the news stand as a hand reaches into frame picks up a copy of THE NEW YORK POST.  Eddie's photo is o the front page - holding the kitchen timer by the wires.  Underneath his picture the caption reads, "DOUBLE HOMICID FLEMMING'S ON IT."  The videocamera widens out revealing standing in front of a Times Square news stand, reading t front page.  The videocamera turns around - until focusin Oleg himself.
25) 1) dialog: This is second day in America.  First day was very exciting.  Full of thrills and chills.  Over there, is co-star of my new movie, Emil! He turns the camera around - FILMING EMIL.
25) 12) dialog: And these. Oleg picks up FILM COMMENT, MOVIELINE and PREMIERE magazi Emil pays for everything.
25) 14) text: Get a taxi. Oleg tucks the magazines in his coat, picks up the suitca and hails a taxi.  As Emil collects his change he sees an BLIND WOMAN waiting at the crosswalk.  The light's blinki WALK.
33) 1) dialog: Daphne Handlova?
34) 6) text: Stay with her. They start heading down the curb - trying not to attract attention of Oleg and Emil.
35) 2) dialog: Emil, look! Oleg swivels with the videocamera.  Korfin is running tow them - pushing through the crowd.  Emil FIRES!  Korfin is blown backwards.
35) 3) dialog: Perfect!  Cut.  Print! Eddie arrives.  Bends down to Leon, whose face is red wit blood.  Jordy runs to Korfin, who's laying in the street, shot in the side.  Jordy cradles his partner.
37) 0) text: Emil pulls off his sock and shoe, lifts his foot into a stained sink and washes the blood away, exposing the chun pink flesh taken out of his ankle.  Emil grabs some toile paper, plugs the wound, then cuts the towel off the dispe with his kitchen knife and wraps his ankle.  He grits tee in pain.  The lights go out.  Then Oleg adjusts the fluorescent light above the sink.
37) 1) dialog: Gotta light the scene better.  Now it's more moody... like a scene from THE THIRD MAN.
37) 3) dialog: Does it hurt? Emil lifts his foot out of the sink.
37) 5) dialog: Oh, shit.  I hate looking at that!
42) 1) text: on a steak.  Male hands cut a piece.  Another male hand s down a huge bottle of Extra Strength Excedrin.  The hands abandon the steak and rip open the bottle.  The CAMERA pu back to include the LCD screen of Oleg's videocamera.  He taping Emil as he rips open the safety plastic with his teeth.  Emil is sweating with fever and his eyes are glaz over in pain.  He 'drinks' pills from the bottle and chew them up.  Wincing in pain.  Emil washes them down with a beer. Emil looks down and the camera follows his gaze to the "People" magazine article he's reading on Stephen Geller. Emil laughs.  Shaking his head at the article as the videocamera tilts back up to his face.
42) 2) dialog: What is it?
42) 4) dialog: I did.
42) 6) dialog: Why not?
42) 8) dialog: What is that?
42) 10) dialog: Let me get a shot of it.
42) 12) dialog: This way.  Hold it this way.  Good. Oleg gets a shot and quickly sits back down.
42) 13) dialog: Why won't you be angry at me for keeping my movie? Emil takes a gulp of beer - drops cash on the table and l away.  Oleg follows.
45) 22) dialog: Good idea!
45) 28) dialog: Cut! Emil looks at Oleg.
45) 29) dialog: This is my project.  I say 'action.'  I am the director!  You are the talent.  You wait for me to say 'action!' Emil looks at Eddie as if to say, "See what I have to put with."  Oleg gestures from behind the videocamera.
45) 30) dialog: And...action! Oleg FILMS as Emil raises Eddie's service revolver.  Eddi suddenly KICKS at Emil's hand, but Emil pulls it away, backing out of Eddie's reach.
45) 35) text: further out we see Eddie's funeral on the evening news. an enormous gathering - a sea of blue uniforms and dignitaries.  In the upper right hand corner, superimpose over the funeral, is a picture of Eddie from his ID and i his NYPD uniform.  We see Oleg's reflection on the set wi the videocamera.  He is filming the TV.  We hear the audi from Eddie's funeral.
45) 38) text: Sleep well, brother. Leon begins to sing "Amazing Grace."  Oleg PANS from the and focuses it on a lightbulb.  Hands enter the frame - carefully pouring clear liquid into an ashtray.  A long hypodermic needle slides into the ashtray - the plunger i pulled back and the needle quickly fills with liquid.  Gingerly, the needle is inserted into the lightbulb.  Aga the plunger moves and the lightbulb is filled and placed table...next to a CAN OF GASOLINE.  VIDEOCAMERA ZOOMS OUT revealing...Emil sitting at a hotel desk doing this.
50) 22) dialog: is VIDEOTAPING them from the opposite rooftop.  Tenants f Daphne's building are fleeing down the fire escape.  Emil stands in back of Oleg - who is very excited.  He turns t camera on himself.
50) 23) dialog: This is great film!  You can see fire right now - Daphne is in fire - Fire Marshal is here.  Everything is so messy.  Everything is so crazy right here!  Look at this fire!  We made it!  90% of people who die in fire die from eating smoke.  So most likely they all die from eating smoke. The CAMERA PANS to Emil.
50) 24) dialog: And this is the man who started the fire.  Say something to your fans, Emil! Emil waits a beat and then blows a kiss to the lens.
50) 29) dialog: Across the roof is videotaping the bathroom as it EXPLODE
53) 2) dialog: You are success story?  I am success story!  Why do you say I and not we?
53) 5) dialog: In movie they make of us, who do you think would act me?
53) 7) text: George Michael. Emil laughs.  Oleg doesn't.
53) 8) dialog: I'm serious.
53) 10) dialog: This is my project.  I say 'action.'  I am the director!  You are the talent.  You wait for me to say 'action.' (beat)
53) 14) dialog: Be quiet.  Watch. Oleg watches the big-screen TV as Emil raises the pistol Eddie's temple.  Eddie pushes him over the desk.  Eddie t knocks Emil with the chair and Emil falls off the desk on the floor.  Eddie continues around with the chair and dri Oleg back across the room - pinning him to the wall.  Edd and Emil both go for the gun.  Eddie knocks him out of th way.  Stabs him with the legs of the chair repeatedly.  Leaves him in a ball on the floor.  Oleg comes at Eddie a he knocks Oleg over the coffee table and onto the sofa. blinds and lamp shade are shot - bathing the room with mo light.  Emil stabs Eddie in the stomach.  Oleg kneels dow for a CLOSE-UP.
55) 0) text: The dinner patrons are watching TV.  Shocked.  Emil glare Oleg.
55) 2) dialog: Because I am the director.  Don't you realize, if it wasn't for my film, for my talent, my idea to do this - no way would we be sitting here right now.
55) 5) dialog: I'm serious...this - this is a great American film.  Full of violence and sex.  And I want my credit.
55) 7) dialog: Yes.  Before we hand in the next video - I put titles on it and my credit is going to read - Directed by Oleg Razgul.
55) 10) dialog: No, I don't get that!
60) 0) text: A room service WAITER wheels a tray with a magnum bottle Crystal, with three glasses, toward Oleg's room.  Jordy follows behind him - gun aimed at his back.
60) 7) dialog: Look at that.  See that shot!  Seamless.  No cuts. (excited)
61) 0) text: Oleg bursts out a door which opens onto Broadway.  He run through the crowd - knocking pedestrians aside!  Jordy ch him, gun in hand! Oleg runs into the street, darting in and out of traffic, cars braking to a stop.  One SLAMS into another.  Jordy leaps over a car, closing in on Oleg.  People gawk. Even in New York, it's odd to see a man being chased in h underwear.  Oleg runs, knocking people aside.  He's holdi the camera in his hand.  It's on.
62) 0) text: Oleg, gun in hand, runs past the TICKET TAKER at the door
63) 3) dialog: Look!  Over here! Jordy turns.  Oleg stands up and FIRES at him - trying to film Jordy's death with a videocamera.  Jordy ducks, then rises up with his gun as Oleg vaults ov the seats, leaping from one to the other, mashing shoulde and heads, bounding for the screen.
68) 10) text: Oleg is at a bar watching TV.  Poisoned with envy.
70) 21) dialog: It's all in here.  All in here.
70) 25) dialog: He knew exactly what he was doing - all of this was planned!  It's all here in my movie.  Emil is not insane.  Look.  Look! Oleg PLAYS his videocamera as lenses focus, we see excerp of the moment where Emil explains to Eddie:
70) 28) text: Officers, there's your killer, do your duty, arrest him! The police are attempting to get to Oleg, but a sea of reporters separate them.  We hear the staccato calls from press corps.  Nicolette looks on in amazed outrage.  Jord notices and starts moving towards her.  Before the POLICE CAPTAIN in charge of the detail can react, the rage which killed Milos, Tamina and Honey wells up inside Emil.  He yells at Oleg!
70) 30) dialog: No.  You are the traitor.  You are murderer.  I am director.  Action! Oleg pulls his gun.  Emil pulls Cutler in front of him as
70) 55) text: as it ZOOMS from the Statue of Liberty and PANS to Oleg. looks in the lens with his dying eyes, gasps:
70) 56) dialog: A film...by Oleg Razgul. And Oleg dies but suddenly his eyes pop WIDE OPEN.  Hawki jumps back, Oleg smiles, coughing in pain.
70) 57) dialog: How was that? Oleg's head rolls to one side.  Now dead.  Nicolette runs over to Jordy.  Composing herself.  Coming together.  Gla Emil is dead.  Jordy starts to walk away.