3) 0) text: The place is empty except for one table at the end of the bar.  EDDIE FLEMMING, Manhattan's most famous detective, his savvy, black partner, LEON JACKSON are having cocktai Eddie is smoothly handsome, tough, smart and tired.  Not is he the best homicide detective Manhattan has ever seen he's continually mentioned in New York columns and has be the subject of several magazine articles.  There's even b a TV movie about one of his biggest cases.  Leon has been with Eddie a long time and was also featured in the TV mo Sitting with Eddie and Leon is ROBERT HAWKINS, host and s reporter for the tabloid show, "Top Story."  Hawkins is a the best in the business and has dealt with them all: Joe Buttafuco and Amy Fisher, Lorena Bobbit and OJ. Wait staff bustles in the b.g. doing the morning set up.  Hawkins listens as Eddie, cigar in hand, finishes a "war story" and a vodka tonic at the same time.
22) 0) text: As the "Top Story" logo is splashed across the screen, accompanied by a catchy TV THEME, Robert Hawkins introduc America's highest rated 'news magazine' show.
22) 1) dialog: Good evening, I'm Robert Hawkins and this is Top Story.  Tonight we bring you an exclusive interview with Stephen Geller - who horrified the nation two years ago when he went berserk and murdered three clerks in a Manhattan shoe store.  But now, Mr. Geller's claim, spoken softly and articulately, is that he is the victim.  According to Mr. Geller, the events of that fateful day were not his fault but were the fault of his psychiatrist.  Hard to believe...watch.
22) 5) dialog: Your doctor?
22) 7) dialog: ...so you feel absolutely no responsibility for killing these people?
22) 9) dialog: You seem very savvy for a man who's been found mentally incompetent to stand trial.
22) 11) dialog: Permanently disrupted?  Aren't you selling paintings now for quite a lot of money?  Hasn't this 'incident' as you call it, jump started your career as an artist?
22) 13) dialog: And isn't there a movie in the works about you?
22) 15) dialog: But doesn't the Son of Sam Law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes?
52) 10) text: You want the tape?  There it is! Leon, Tommy, all the cops and Jordy - turn toward a TV se which is mounted in the lobby.  The "Top Story" logo flas on the screen, then Robert Hawkins is seen behind his des
68) 5) text: No! Jordy hangs up.  Changes the channel.  He stops as Robert Hawkins' face fills the screen.  He is standing across fr someone - in a park - interviewing him.