18) 0) text: The light is blinking an eerie green and yellow light int the room.  Emil is at the window pulling the blind down trying to shut out the blinking light.  He pulls it down twice and it pops back up both times.  The third time he angrily pulls it so hard, it comes off the window complet He sits down in a chair in frustration - adjusting a pill behind his back.  THE ROSEANNE SHOW is on TV.  Roseanne h been talking to a FATHER.
18) 6) text: Forgive me, Kirk.  Let me hug you? The audience boos.  Roseanne mediates... Oleg - fresh from the shower with wet hair - sits on the in his skivvies - staring into the videocamera's LCD scre rewinding Milos' murder.  We see it now for the first tim as he rewinds it.  Oleg watches - a bottle of cheap vodka between his legs.  Emil, looks up from his dictionary.  H wearing Milos' Rolex.  Tamina's jewelry - her brushed gold necklace and pearl earrings - are in front of him with Daphne's wallet.  Emi looks up - Oleg is holding his videocamera.
29) 0) text: Eddie and Jordy arrive in front of Rose's door.  Eddie kn and flips a coin to Jordy.
29) 4) dialog: Who's there?
29) 6) dialog: I have nothin' to say.  If you wanna contact my attorney...
29) 8) text: Homicide, Miss Hearn.  It's Detective Eddie Flemming.  Open up. Rose reacts.  Immediately UNLOCKS, UNCHAINS and opens the door!  
29) 9) dialog: You!  I've seen you on TV! Eddie glances self-consciously at Jordy.
29) 10) dialog: C'mon in.  C'mon in!
30) 1) dialog: Just a minute.  Shit.  And I don't have a camera.  Hold on a second. Rose moves back to the phone - finishes up her conversati in Afrikaner.  We hold on Eddie and Jordy at the door.  E looks around - taking in the place.  FOUR GIRLS are on phones.  Two girls take orders for customers.  The other work the phone sex lines.  Rose hangs up the phone - turn Eddie and Jordy:
30) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
30) 4) dialog: Oh my G-d.  Honey!  Honey's dead?
30) 6) dialog: Yeah.  He wanted a girl from Czechoslovakia, but I sent him Honey 'cause once they get there, you know, it doesn't really matter - Honey was killed...?  Poor girl...
30) 8) dialog: No.
30) 10) dialog: (Afrikaner)
30) 13) dialog: Daphne.  Another guy came in asking me about her, too. Jordy pulls out the sketch, unfolds it.
30) 15) dialog: Yeah.  Sort of.  I tried to recruit her, gave her my card.  She said she'd think about it but I never heard from her.
30) 19) dialog: He said he was her cousin.  I told him where she works.  They were just here.
30) 21) dialog: Tall, short-haired, scary eyes.  Second guy with him was...shorter, with a wrestler's build.  And he wouldn't turn his videocamera off me.
30) 23) dialog: She washes hair up at Ludwig's - a salon on 63rd and Madison.
46) 0) text: It's packed with COPS drinking.  Prosecutors...lawyers... who were at the funeral, including Leon.  All wear the bl ribbon on their badges.  There's a quality of an Irish wa boisterous, guys cursing...many cops in uniform.  A buffe has been laid out. Hawkins enters in a black suit, wearing a black ribbon. greets people, shaking hands, embracing Leon.