0) 168) text: The Lord Chamberlain goes to meet with the Dalai Lama.
0) 230) text: We find two scrolls;  the first is PENDEN LHAMO, the spec protectress of the Dalai Lama. She rides her wild mule through a sea of blood - between rows of jagged mountains.  Pointed fingers and spreading toes, her hair gone crazy, her fangs revealed - the detai are incredible.  A garland of freshly severed heads hangs around her body, snakes hold up her skirt, five skulls fo ber crown.
0) 232) text: Beside her, on the second scroll is MAHAKALA.  He is the fierce representation of the Buddha of Compassion.  Crows fly in the clouds to the left of the terrifying, black, s armed figure. A skull rosary is held in the upper right arm, a Trident held in the left hand.  The deity wears a crown of five skulls.  He has three eyes.  He tramples an elephant. We might have been in a dream, as the camera finally move back to find the peaceful1 protected face of the young Da Lama.  Asleep. The camera moves across the mural devoted to the story of the Fifth Dalai Lama.  It is a fantasy of green, with mountains and lakes and deities and monsters. We find the statue of Seventh Dalai Lama, sitting on his golden cushion, and we look, deep into the eyes of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama.  Fantastic.  Deeper.  Deeper.
0) 243) text: The view travels and we see a prison yard.  Shackled men share the yard with hairy, fat dogs. One man looks up and sees that the yard is under surveillance.  Of course the men all know that this terra belongs to the boy Dalai Lama. As the boy watches, first one poor, ragged man, then anot prostrates. Tenzin Gyatso pulls away from the telescope.  He waves to the prisoners.
0) 252) text: The Father uses the grease from the roasted lamb on the table to caress his long mustache and twirl each side int point. The Dalai Lama takes another, and then, suddenly, the boy reaches up and for no reason, he pulls on his Father's mustache, obviously hurting the man.  The Father slaps th boy's hand, hard. The boy sits back, and begins drawing imaginary letters o the tabletop with his slapped hand. His Father reaches out and takes the hurt hand.  He pulls the boy into his arms.
1) 104) text: Shots ring out. The men jump to their feet, and rush out from under the canopy.  The Dalai Lama is right in front. More shots as the men stare out across the countryside. We hear murmurs of:
1) 106) text: We hear these snippets as the Dalai Lama runs from the gr
1) 215) text: Taktra Rinpoche bows and leaves him. Tenzin Gyatso stands alone by the river.  The boy watches the herders, and before the young shepherds disappear fro sight, the Dalai Lama turns and waves a hand behind him. Two Bodyguards approach.  We can not hear, but as the Dal Lama walks away from us, down the river, one Bodyguard ru up river, shouting: BODYGUARD (shouting) We will buy them!  We will buy them!
1) 227) text: And then, there is a knock on the Dalai Lama's door.
2) 36) text: The horse is turned and the Dalai Lama is led away to joi the soldiers at the foot of the path. Tenzin Gyatso turns once, to see his friend.  The night i dark.  Norbu has become invisible.
2) 53) text: One monk clutches for an instant at the layman's wrapping Tenzin Gyatso - but he does not recognize him as the Dala Lama The boy tenderly embraces this distraught figure, but the monk drops away from him and clings to the shy, sweet presence of Ling Rinpoche. The Dalai Lama is quickly and quietly surrounded by soldi - discreetly, so as not to give away his identity. Ling Rinpoche speaks to a group.
2) 76) text: The Dalai Lama laughs.
4) 28) text: The Dalai Lama leaves the room. One man still goes down to his knees.
4) 58) text: The General does.  So does the Dalai Lama. The other two Chinese remain standing. Tenzin Gyatso is quiet, reserved.  Awkward.
4) 62) text: A document is produced.  We notice that the General is wearing a gold rolex watch.  The Dalai Lama notices, too. A member of the Kashag takes the document.
4) 64) text: CLOSE on the Dalai Lama. He makes no response.
4) 104) text: And now, the Dalai Lama's Father is seen in a corner of t kitchen.
5) 0) text: The boy begins this day. He is in his old room at the Potala, in Lhasa.  The green mural of the Fifth Dalai Lama is behind him.  He has rise from the red-curtained bed. The Masters of the Kitchen and the Robe arrive and begin their preparations for the day. A NEW SWEEPER works in the adjacent room. The sun rises.
5) 6) text: The Dalai Lama is shaken by this violent behavior. He adjusts his new eye glasses.
5) 26) text: The General leaps to his feet and is about to strike the Prime Minister. The Dalai Lama runs between then.  He holds the General back.
5) 70) text: The Dalai Lama accepts.
5) 84) dialog: Always.
5) 105) text: It is a horrifying announcement. The Dalai Lama touches her head.  She weeps and clutches hands. The young man looks up, over her head, to Kyeri, the protectress mountain of this small village. We hear loudspeakers, blaring, in the background - trumpeting propaganda about Chairman Mao and the People's Liberation Army. Tibetan horns blow.  It sounds like a warning. CLOSE on a newspaper.  It is a Chinese newspaper and the picture on the front page shows a row of severed, Tibetan heads.
5) 109) text: The Dalai Lama rubs his face with his hands.
5) 123) text: The General sips. The Dalai Lama answers.
5) 145) text: The Yellow Wall.  The Dalai Lama's red room.
5) 152) text: The Dalai Lama proceeds with the ceremony.  He handles an blesses sacred objects, he lifts his bell and dorge. Rice is passed among the people.  Rice is thrown. A Tibetan chant is sung. Beside His Holiness is a large, yellow silk pagoda. The view moves inside the pagoda as the chanting continue
5) 162) text: The young man looks around at the peaceful premises.  Peo we know - uembers of the Kashag, attendants, tutors, the Dalai Lama's Mother, sweepers - appear in the garden, one one, all listening to the sounds of a uob gathering outsi the walls of the Norbulinka.
5) 191) text: The Dalai Lama walks down the outdoor stairs.
5) 199) text: CLOSE on the map - drawn with a shaking, sweating hand. We see mountains, and a pass, and the names of towns alon the way. Tenzin Gyatso rises and goes to the Oracle.  He looks dow at the map.  The Oracle hands the Dalai Lama the map and faints as his frightened attendants rush to loosen the st of the headdress before the poor man chokes.
5) 223) text: The Dalai Lama is between the soldiers, shouldering his o gun.  The Bodyguard falls in behind. The little group makes its way through the crowd. EXT.  TRIBUTARY OF ThE KYICHU RIVER  NIGHT In the same place where the little Tenzin Gyatso tentativ tested one rock, the escape party crosses on the slippery stepping stones.