1) 19) dialog: The Four Noble Truths.
1) 22) dialog: I accept it. What is suffering?
1) 24) dialog: I accept it. What are the causes of suffering?
1) 26) text: Now we CUT BACK to Ling Rinpoche, but he is standing, outside, in a courtyard.  He asks another question, but h raises his right hand as he speaks, and lowers his left, completing the question with a clap of the hands.
1) 28) dialog: How does one progress from the realization of one Noble Truth to another? (clap)
1) 31) text: There is laughter.  Even Ling Rinpoche laughs and the boy erupts into his beautiful, free, easy laugh.
1) 33) dialog: Answer. (clap)
1) 37) dialog: I accept it.
1) 98) dialog: "To be born in a time when the Buddha has appeared. To be born in a time when the Buddha has taught. To be born when the teaching of Buddha is alive."
1) 100) dialog: "To be born where the dharma is practiced. To be born in a time when people have compassion for other people."
1) 103) dialog: As a result of previous karma, you have obtained this human life. By means of this rebirth, through work and study, you can attain all everlasting happiness. In the words of Shantideva: "With the boat of this precious life, You can cross the waters of Samsara. How rare to find this boat!" "Oh, ignorant one, do not fall asleep now!"
2) 53) text: One monk clutches for an instant at the layman's wrapping Tenzin Gyatso - but he does not recognize him as the Dala Lama The boy tenderly embraces this distraught figure, but the monk drops away from him and clings to the shy, sweet presence of Ling Rinpoche. The Dalai Lama is quickly and quietly surrounded by soldi - discreetly, so as not to give away his identity. Ling Rinpoche speaks to a group.
2) 54) dialog: He goes for a short time, until the danger can be determined.  He will not leave Tibet.  He will return.
2) 55) text: The pain on these monks's faces, in their voices, is trag Tenzin Gyatso is overwhelmed. He sees before him a line of prostrate monks - but they a not bowing to him, they are laying down in the pass, tryi to block the way of the caravan. Ling Rinpoche goes to these men and gently helps them to their feet.
2) 56) dialog: He will return. The Precious One will not abandon you.