0) 26) text: A middle-aged man, the SERVANT, wearing heavy, ragged clothes and wrapped boots, enters the kitchen. Lhamo slides over so that the man can sit on the platform beside him.  The man picks up a few pebbles and drops the he knows the game. We recognize this servant.  His name is KEUSTANG RINPOCHE He is one of the monks we saw at the Oracle lake, the one with the mesmerizing eyes.  Keustang Rinpoche is the Lama Sera Monastery. Lhamo sees a dark brown rosary around the Servant's neck immediately pulls at the string of beads.
0) 108) text: Lhamo kisses her, as does Lobsang and even Takster falls into her arms for a moment.  Then, she turns and goes, quickly. A Monk appears.  He produces a concertina and begins to p for the little boy. But, Lhamo begins to cry, through the music, through the hugs of his brothers.  As a result of Lhamo's tears, Lobs begins to cry.  Takster holds them both.  The music continues. The older, wiser, Takster begins to cry, too. The three brothers hold one another.  Three brothers, thr monks, crying for their mother.  The music continues, echoing in this stone monastery. The young "Kundun" is gently rocked by his older brother. He begins to fall asleep.
0) 111) text: A TEACHER, a very stern-looking monk, carrying a thick, f board, menacingly, behind his back, walks among the students. A golden head of a Buddha - a huge head - appears to be bursting through an archway at the end of a dark hallway. The Chinese Governor stands, like a giant, against the bl sky.  Omnipotent.  Frightening.
0) 125) text: The boy just waits, sad, lonely. The Teacher offers Lhamo an apricot.  Lhamo takes the fru The Monk pats the boy's head, gently, and Lhamo takes shelter in the kind man's massive robes.  The view become sunlight through deep, maroon wool.
0) 155) text: The monks are no match for the little boys, who are quick out of sight.
0) 162) text: At the curtain behind Lhamo, we notice the curly-toed sho of a monk, a man who must be standing in the next room.
0) 204) dialog: We note this.  Now, the Chinese.
0) 206) dialog: The Allies wish to build a supply- road from India, crossing Tibet, as part of their war effort.  The road would lead directly to China.
0) 259) text: The surprised Monk backs away from the door.
0) 307) text: A string of old monks, stand, waiting for the naughty boy
1) 3) text: A monk takes the boy by the hand and leads him down a hallway.
1) 91) text: The old Monk mutters something in Chinese.  They thread a roll of dusty film into the reel and spin the wheel.  The film breaks.  The old monk bangs the table again.  The wo continues.
1) 93) text: The monks slaps his head in horrid anticipation.
1) 101) text: The view widens now and we are under a softly billowing, appliqued canopy.  Maybe fifty monks and lamas are presen This is an informal group.
1) 197) dialog: We can concede that Tibet is a part of China if we can guarantee that the Dalai Lama's name and authority will remain...
1) 200) dialog: We have dealt with this Chinese obsession for hundreds of years. We can deal with it now.
1) 265) text: In the background, we see monks on top of a wall, long ho in front of them.  The blowing begins. In a courtyard below, a debating session is in progress. hear the shouts and the claps and watch the beautiful bod movements of the questioners.  Laughter fills the air. Below that, the small capital of Tibet - the mysterious city, the forbidden city of Lhasa - carries on, for now.
2) 7) text: The two men rise to their knees - LUKHANGWA, an incredibl looking layman, with a long white beard, and LOBSANG TASH a monk.
2) 53) text: One monk clutches for an instant at the layman's wrapping Tenzin Gyatso - but he does not recognize him as the Dala Lama The boy tenderly embraces this distraught figure, but the monk drops away from him and clings to the shy, sweet presence of Ling Rinpoche. The Dalai Lama is quickly and quietly surrounded by soldi - discreetly, so as not to give away his identity. Ling Rinpoche speaks to a group.
2) 55) text: The pain on these monks's faces, in their voices, is trag Tenzin Gyatso is overwhelmed. He sees before him a line of prostrate monks - but they a not bowing to him, they are laying down in the pass, tryi to block the way of the caravan. Ling Rinpoche goes to these men and gently helps them to their feet.
5) 221) text: Of course, we see only a fraction of the crowd - angry me and women. A man steps beside His Holiness. Tenzin Gyatso looks up - face to face. It is the Khamba bodyguard, the monk who guarded him so m times.  The man with the horrible face.