1) 6) dialog: "I take refuge in the three jewels, The Buddha, the Dharma and the Sangra."
1) 10) dialog: "I take refuge in the three jewels, The Buddha, the Dharma and the Sangra."
1) 12) dialog: "Until I attain enlightenment."
1) 13) text: Taktra Rinpoche has a small table with the same hand instruments in front of him.  The teacher lifts the dorge in a particular fashion, and rotates it. Tenzin Gyatso lifts his dorge.  Taktra's hands move to th boy's and show him the correct movement.  It is tried aga Now, the bell is lifted and rung.
1) 15) text: Taktra stops.  He nods to the boy. As the chanting continues, Taktra Rinpoche begins a weavi motion with his hands, delicate, beautiful, hypnotic. Tenzin Gyatso copies the elder. We are CLOSE on the boy's moving hands. The chanting beco the voices of a hundred men, as we FADE OUT. FADE IN:  on the boy's hands, but they are a little large they are the hands of an eleven or twelve year-old boy - the motion they carry out is on the verge of becoming extraordinarily beautiful.
1) 38) text: Taktra Rinpoche and the Lord Chamberlain are proud.
1) 40) dialog: Careful!  Careful!
1) 140) dialog: It is possible, Holiness.
1) 142) dialog: Completely.
1) 207) dialog: What would you do, Holiness?
1) 210) dialog: It is a difficult situation.
1) 212) dialog: Doubt is an affliction.  Reliquish it.  Accept.
1) 215) text: Taktra Rinpoche bows and leaves him. Tenzin Gyatso stands alone by the river.  The boy watches the herders, and before the young shepherds disappear fro sight, the Dalai Lama turns and waves a hand behind him. Two Bodyguards approach.  We can not hear, but as the Dal Lama walks away from us, down the river, one Bodyguard ru up river, shouting: BODYGUARD (shouting) We will buy them!  We will buy them!
1) 217) dialog: We should not accept any conditions from the Chinese.
1) 224) dialog: Enter.
1) 225) text: The Regent is next door. The boy climbs up on a chest and peeks through a tiny win in the wall which separates this enclosure from the Regent's. Taktra Rinpoche reads a telegram.  His aging face becomes quite grave. The Regent leaves his side of the enclosure.
1) 230) dialog: Holiness.
1) 232) dialog: The Chinese have invaded.
4) 95) dialog: I hope you will not feel badly about all the things of childhood you missed.
4) 97) dialog: You lost so much.  I am sorry.
4) 99) dialog: Goodbye, Kundun.