19) 11) text: Before we do that, however, I want to introduce you to my favorite SuperFighter, Angel. A side door to the office opens up, and Angel, the female SuperFighter from the opening scene, walks in. She is dre her very revealing, very sexy outfit, and she comes over
19) 12) dialog: I saw you on the news. I can't believe I'm actually meeting you! Jack is almost speechless.
19) 14) dialog: I wish I had seen you...
19) 17) dialog: I'm a real slave driver, Jack.
19) 18) dialog: You have to listen to me about... everything. I think you've got great potential, and with a little hard training, you can be a great SuperFighter!
19) 21) dialog: Don't take too long, OK? I'm hungry.
19) 23) text: Here's the contract. I advise you to read it carefully, but it's tough going. I'll go over the main points with you. OK? Angel is now at the door, and she stops and catches Jack' then winks.
23) 0) text: Jack walks through the door into the training gym, which high tech, all marble, machines and red and blue floors. best for the SuperFighters. Jack is astonished by the roo walks around looking at it in awe. As he looks around, in walks Angel.
23) 1) dialog: Good morning, Jack. It's nice to see you're on time.
23) 3) dialog: How true. You got a clean bill of health from our doctors. Let's see what you can do, OK? She pushes a button on a keyboard located on a pedestal, Tvs in the marble wall are revealed.
23) 4) dialog: This is the main training area for the fighters. Usually, you all train together, but we'll be training alone for the first couple of weeks, however.
23) 6) dialog: Jack, don't ask too many questions, OK? When I call out a kick or a punch, you hit through the lights. They measure speed and power. Got that?
23) 9) dialog: Backfist, straight punch. Jack does it.
23) 10) dialog: Spinning hook, roundhouse, front kick. Jack performs them, hitting the beams of light each time.
23) 11) dialog: Left hook. Right jab. Left uppercut. Jack does them all, and is performing very well. A series CUTS shows Jack hitting the bags and targets, with each h scoring "power points" on the computer read out.
23) 12) dialog: Now I want to measure your reaction time. Enter the chamber, please. She walks over to the keyboard and punches in several com Jack stands in the middle of the chamber, and suddenly th on each side of the chamber come flying out. Jack tries t the poles, but still gets hit a few times while doing it. We see the computer screen measuring the result of the tr
23) 13) dialog: OK! Take a break for a minute, Jack. (beat) Not bad. Your numbers are pretty good.
23) 15) dialog: Not quite yet, Jack. Angel moves up close to Jack, body to body.
23) 17) dialog: Checking vital signs... She presses her finger against the vein in his neck, feel pulse.
23) 18) dialog: Not too fast, that's good. She runs her hands over his body, gently, caressing. She the vein in his arm.
23) 19) dialog: A little faster now - you enjoying yourself, Jack? That's good, too... Her hands goes farther down, caressing his buttocks, then towards the front.
23) 21) dialog: Stand still! She presses her right hand between his thighs.
23) 22) dialog: Best indicator of heart rate activity. Your heart's pumping to beat the band, Jack... She smiles at Jack, then pulls her hand back, taking care up against the front of his workout pants as she goes. An growls a little.
23) 23) dialog: My favorite vital sign... Oh, the things you'll see, Jack. We're going to have so much fun training together.
23) 25) dialog: You'll do whatever I say.
23) 27) dialog: We have all the time in the world, Jack. We start for real, training, I mean, tomorrow. Get a good night's sleep, Jack, you'll need it. She tosses him a bottle of pills. He catches it.
23) 29) dialog: Vitamins. Special for the SuperFighters.
23) 31) dialog: They're vitamins, Jack. Take them. Jack watches as Angel exits, leaving Jack tortured and al
25) 0) text: An exclusive, gated community - expensive townhouses and guards. A limousine pulls up and into a parking place, an step Angel and Jack. She leads him into one of the units.
26) 0) text: It's an incredible apartment, complete with vaulted ceili fireplace, open staircase, eat in kitchen, exercise room more. Angel gives him a guided tour, and we tag along. In the master bedroom, Angel lays on the bed and motions to join her. Jack shakes his head and moves on to another
26) 1) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Jack eating dinner at an expensive resta with other SuperFighters (Budokai, Night Stalker, DarkClo etc.), Angel, beautiful women, etc. At the end of the obv expensive meal, Jack pulls out his wallet and, over prote from the rest of the group, produces a wad of bills to pa tab.
27) 0) text: Jack comes out of his apartment carrying his workout bag, his workout with Angel. He runs up to his Jeep, only this it's not his beat up Jeep, but a beautiful, new Jeep Cher Sport. He hops in and drives off.
28) 0) text: Jack is training with Angel. Before they begin, she hands cup of water, and he takes the pill. They start training, and Angel is a slave driver. Jack ha worked so hard.
28) 1) dialog: This is our newest training device, designed by SuperFights for close quarter combat.
30) 0) text: Jack is running stairs, with Angel watching, holding a st
30) 1) text: Jack and Angel are standing in the river, throwing kicks.
31) 0) text: Angel is drilling Jack with Muay Thai bags. Jack is kicki sweating up a storm.
32) 0) text: Jack and Angel are running together. They start to sprint Angel is staying right with him.
34) 0) text: Jack is lifting weights, with Angel as his coach. He is w very hard, and Angel is urging him to work even harder.
35) 3) text: Jack, after his whirlpool, comes out of the locker room. He goes past the Women's locker room, and there is Angel, view, almost completely naked. Jack doesn't want to look, stops anyway. Angel knows that Jack is watching, and she consciously gi little show.
36) 0) text: TIGHT ON RING, where a SuperFights bout is going on. Two flamboyant fighters are going at each other, in a series techniques. It's RASPUTIN against THE MERCENARY. Rasputin dressed like a Red Army General crossed with a mad monk. Mercenary is dressed like an American soldier in this "pa battle. Angel and Jack are sitting with Robert in the crowd. Jack is in street clothes, watching the action (his first not for a little while). The crowd is loud and ready for violence, and the SuperFights are ready to give it to the INSERT: Underground betting is going on here.
36) 4) dialog: Soon. The fight continues, and The Mercenary is really taking t to him, but the things that The Mercenary is doing aren't any effect on Rasputin. In fact, Rasputin looks really angry. The Mercenary hits a roundhouse right, and there is NO reaction. Nothing. The Mercenary stops fighting and stares at Rasputin, unbe
36) 13) text: Jack and Angel are working out. They are trading kicks, w up. Angel is an incredible martial artist. Both of them a wearing protective gear, which is very futuristic and hig They start to speed up, and Jack begins to wonder if he c her. He tries to score some points on her, and catches he guard. He scores a kick to the body, and smiles a little. Angel stops and looks at him, hands on her hips.
36) 14) dialog: (smiling) You want to go?
36) 16) dialog: You think you're ready?
36) 18) dialog: OK. Go for it. They bow to each other and then touch fists. Jack gets in fighting stance, and starts to throw a combination, but b can even move, Angel is all over him. She is throwing all techniques, feet and hands, and she is scoring at will. H movements are like lightning, and Jack is getting an old ass whupping. Angel spots Robert off to the side, watching. Angel, in o make Jack look good, starts to lose. They go at it, and Jack is very impressive. Angel leaves open for an attack, and Jack responds with a flying spin hitting her. Robert comes out of the background now, applauding a litt
36) 20) dialog: Yes. Robert exits the room, and he and Angel slap hands, excit then pulls him into an embrace, one that starts as a cele and quickly moves to something else. Jack catches himself and pulls away from her.
36) 21) dialog: You better get some rest, Jack. We can, you know, finish this later...
36) 23) dialog: Random killing, I guess. It's a violent world, Jack...
36) 25) dialog: I told you about asking questions, Jack. "Sides, the SuperFights await.
36) 27) dialog: Nothing you've ever seen before... She walks away.
40) 2) dialog: Take the fall, Jack! Absorb it! The Enforcer stands Jack up, and puts him into a hold tha very painful, but really isn't.
40) 5) dialog: You did it!
40) 8) dialog: I think I remember that position from somewhere... I just can't seem to put my finger on it... Angel puts her hand on his buttocks, and Jack jumps.
40) 10) dialog: You seem a little jumpy, you OK? Angel smiles and walks up, and Jack continues his stretch Budokai comes up to him, holding a kicking bag.
42) 0) text: Jack, dressed in an expensive leather coat, exits the res with Angel on his arm. A line of FANS, mostly KIDS, are w outside with things for him to autograph. Jack loves the attention, and he stops and signs for them One especially cute KID waits at the end of the line. Jac at Angel and kneels down in front of him. The Kid holds t of paper out to Jack, then looks at him very seriously.
46) 2) dialog: You were great, Jack! They loved you!
46) 4) dialog: Don't ask me, I'm not exactly impartial...
46) 8) dialog: You want a fight, you got one.
46) 10) dialog: Enjoy it while you can.
46) 12) dialog: Oh, Jack Cody, you sweep me off my feet. She pulls him into a kiss, laughing. Jack returns the kis moment, then pulls away.
46) 13) dialog: C'mon, Jack. Just one time? It doesn't have to mean anything.
46) 15) dialog: What are friends for? Jack doesn't say anything, so she gets up.
46) 16) dialog: You don't know what you're missing. She leaves, but not before giving Jack a good look at her
57) 0) text: Jack is training with Angel. He's working on the heavy ba she's watching him, charting his progress.
57) 1) dialog: You're not getting much stronger, Jack. I don't get it. We normally see 25% increase by this time, and you're way behind schedule. What gives?
57) 4) dialog: I'll be right here. Jack grabs and towels and heads down the hallway to the b and walks right by the room where Robert, Darkcloud and N Stalker went. Jack pauses outside the door for a moment, Robert put the briefcase down on the desk and open it. Ja glimpse of money in the suitcase, lots of money, before t is closed. Jack continues on to the restroom.
58) 0) text: Robert and Angel are getting dressed, after having made l his office. Robert treats Angel like his property, and An starting not to like it.
58) 2) dialog: (after a slight hesitation) He's right on schedule.
58) 3) text: Do you think I can trust him? I look ata lot of fighters, Angel, and I can't afford to get burnt. Do you think it's time we took him out with us?
58) 4) dialog: Not yet. Hell, he still thinks he's winning his fights, fair and square.
61) 0) text: Jack is fighting in the ring, and at one critical moment fight, he tries to use the qi training he is learning. It work, however, and Jack is SLAMMED by the other fighter, Stalker. Surprised, Jack moves away from him, trying to recover. F he finishes off Night Stalker, then raises his hands to t The applause is deafening. Jack turns to all corners of the crowd, and smiles at Sal Angel watches him closely, and sees the look he gives Sal
66) 0) text: Jack is all dressed and ready to go for his next fight. H standing near the door, waiting for his introduction. The light sheen of sweat over his skin, and he can't wait to the ring. Robert and Angel appear at Jack's side.
67) 8) dialog: She knows what Jack is supposed to do, and sees what he i She's not sure if she should be angry, or cheer his rebel Jack avoids Darkcloud's brutal attacks, and continues to finally sets Darkcloud up for the knockout blow. He pauses for a moment, looking first at Angel and then i crowd for Robert.
78) 0) text: There are cars all around Warehouse 14, and people are go inside. There is a ring/cage set up inside, which is glim briefly as people pass through the heavy curtains at the Jack pulls up in his Jeep, and parks. As he is walking in warehouse, he spies Angel and goes over to her.
78) 2) dialog: What's happening to you, Jack? Why are you getting involved with that son of a bitch...
78) 6) dialog: A cage fight, for the high rollers. She motions to the door, where huge FIGHTERS are checking credentials and invitations. One of the guys doesn't have right ID, and one of the Fighters THROWS him away from th
78) 7) dialog: Robert wanted me to make sure you got inside...
79) 0) text: Jack and Angel walk in. There are people everywhere, and being made. Jack spots Robert on the other side of the ar
79) 2) dialog: I don't know. They find a seat. The lights around the ring/cage go low, special lights around the rim of the ring/cage go on. The bright, lighting up the whole ring. Robert is in the cent ring, playing the part of the announcer.
79) 8) dialog: This one is for real, Jack. I really don't know. The fight starts, and the Beast is let out of the cage to Budokai. The Beast gets hit on the way in, but that doesn to phase it. Budokai circles, trying to stay out of the B range. The Beast is so quick, however, and so strong, that soon is trapped in a corner of the cage. Budokai mounts a furi assault on the Beast, but the Beast shrugs it off and att The attack is brutal, sadistic and bloody. Budokai is bei slaughtered, and the crowd is going crazy. This is what t to see, and they are getting their money's worth. Jack is watching, and he knows he has to act. He gets up over to where Robert is watching.
79) 14) dialog: What?
79) 16) dialog: Why are you doing this, Jack? You're throwing it all away!
91) 12) dialog: Just then, Robert gets free and launches himself at Jack. doesn't see him, but Angel does. She jumps at Robert, to put herself in between them, to s Robert strikes Angel just as she lands an incredible kick Robert, while at the same time he hits Sally and Mother a Angel. Robert staggers a little, but not before he hits several more times. Critically. Angel falls back to one side, while Robert falls to the o Angel is hurt very badly, and Jack goes to her. She is dying.
91) 13) dialog: I always wanted to do the right thing, Jack.
91) 19) text: I'm gonna kick your ass. Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack t attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kic punches, knees, elbows. Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away. Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, turns back to Robert. He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beauti spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying. Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and hi puts an arm around him. Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Gr and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole police officers. Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist s Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is. Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smil hits Grandfather in the middle of the back. Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfathe silk jacket. Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him. Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.