1) 4) dialog: In the red corner, Budokai! BUDOKAI is dressed in a gold lame uniform, his belt black face is painted like a kabuki actor, a mixture of black a and gold, and his outfit emphasizes his massive muscles.
1) 5) dialog: And in the blue corner, the Enforcer! THE ENFORCER, dressed like a street punk, with chains and spikes and chrome, comes into the ring. He is the bad guy and everyone knows it. He raises his muscled arms over hi and smiles at the crowd, then brings them down into a fig stance.
1) 6) dialog: SuperFight! The two fighters face off in fighting positions. The rock increases its BEAT, and the fighters rush each other, the echoing with the fury of their techniques. Budokai is a m artist, while the Enforcer is a thug. But a well trained nonetheless. Using a mixture of professional wrestling, boxing and str fighting, the Enforcer HAMMERS Budokai in a beautifully choreographed fight. Budokai beaten, the Enforcer stands before the crowd, see asking them for a decision. The crowd ROARS.
1) 7) dialog: What'll it be? Mercy? The crowd YELLS out "NO MERCY!" Everyone except Jack that likes Budokai, after all. The Enforcer listens to what they want, then smiles and huge roundhouse right. Budokai goes sailing out of the ri Jack sees this and runs to where Budokai is going to land thinking to break his fall. He does, sort of, but Budokai still lands HARD. They stan together, both a little stunned. The Enforcer is now out ring and coming towards Budokai, and Jack is caught in th Jack, in the heat of the moment, turns to face off with t Enforcer! He throws a couple of kicks and punches, which effect - except to further enrage the Enforcer. The Enforcer goes crazy and attacks Jack. Budokai grabs J throws him up into the sky, and then knocks the Enforcer Jack lands on top of the Enforcer (like a pin in wrestlin counting him out. The ref comes out of the ring and holds up Budokai's hand Budokai reaches down and pulls Jack up to a standing posi holding his hand up.
36) 12) dialog: What a fight! Don't want to meet the Mad Russian in some dark alley later, I'll tell you that... Next up, Darkcloud takes on the Dynamic Duo. It's two against one! <BEAT> I've just been informed that we have our newest SuperFighter in the crowd - Jack Cody, A spotlight illuminates Jack, and he puts his hand up to through the glare. The crowd erupts in applause when Jack up. It's his moment in the sun, and the bright light wipes ou image of the fight before.
65) 6) dialog: Next up... Darkcloud against The All American Hero!
66) 7) dialog: Give it up for a fighter who needs no introduction, the ALLLLL AMERICAN HERO! The spotlight swivels around to find Jack, standing at th entrance to the locker room. It lights him up and the cro but he is still looking off towards Robert. Stunned. Finally, Angel edges him towards the ring, and he goes, of fog.
91) 1) dialog: . The All American Hero! The taped crowd erupts.
91) 2) dialog: against the man who started it all, Robert Sawyer! More cheers from the taped crowd. Jack makes his way to the ring, and he notices that Sally mother are the only "crowd," and they are being guarded b Darkcloud, Night Stalker, and Angel. Robert is already there, warming up and watching him.