26) 1) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Jack eating dinner at an expensive resta with other SuperFighters (Budokai, Night Stalker, DarkClo etc.), Angel, beautiful women, etc. At the end of the obv expensive meal, Jack pulls out his wallet and, over prote from the rest of the group, produces a wad of bills to pa tab.
39) 1) text: Jack is sitting at his locker, his uniform on. It is a mi traditional martial arts and patriotic glitz - all in all however, the effect isn't bad. He's nervous, tapping his feet and taking deep breaths. Budokai and Darkcloud come over to him and clap him on th shoulder.
43) 0) text: An expensive limousine drives down the street. Suddenly, careens out of control through the intersection, sliding right in front of the limo. The LIMO DRIVER leans on the horn, but nobody gets out of The Limo Driver gets out and walks up to the car to see i is hurt, or if anyone needs help. From out of nowhere FLIES Budokai, KICKING the Limo Drive head, sending him down the ground. Out of the shadows of the street come two other SuperFigh Night Stalker and Darkcloud, and they jump into the front the limo.
60) 0) text: Three SuperFighters, Budokai, Night Stalker and Darkcloud duking it out with an Asian gang (5). They beat them hand
69) 1) text: The group, led by Darkcloud, Budokai and Night Stalker, w the restaurant.
73) 0) text: Jack opens the door to his apartment, and he is immediate attacked. It is the Masked Man again, and this time Jack such an easy mark. They fight for a little while, and Jack is incredibly imp The Masked Man is losing. Jack manages to take the Masked to the ground, and rips off his mask. It is Budokai!
74) 0) text: PAN DOWN FROM SHOWERHEAD. Jack is in the shower, and we h rest of Budokai's dialogue, while Jack thinks about what
79) 5) dialog: He knows this fight is going to be the real thing. He wal the ring/cage, escorted by Darkcloud and Night Stalker.
80) 0) text: Budokai, bruised, broken and bloody, is laying on a bed i house. Sally is trying to clean him up, but a great deal has been done. Grandfather pushes her off to the side and lays his hands Budokai's chest. An amber glow comes off his hands as he apply his Qi (SFX), but it won't penetrate.
91) 19) text: I'm gonna kick your ass. Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack t attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kic punches, knees, elbows. Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away. Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, turns back to Robert. He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beauti spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying. Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and hi puts an arm around him. Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Gr and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole police officers. Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist s Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is. Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smil hits Grandfather in the middle of the back. Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfathe silk jacket. Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him. Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.