0) 0) text: An old Chinese man, GRANDFATHER, going through a beautifu Quan form. It is very peaceful and graceful. The form end palm strike towards camera, blacking out the frame. (for INTERCUT use)
8) 0) text: A meat cleaver THWACKS down into a wooden cutting board a straight up. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sally's Grandfather, who was cooking when they came in. He is at least 75 years old, and is we dark blue Chinese silk jacket.
8) 1) dialog: You fought them over money?!? Are you a COMPLETE moron? Jack looks at Sally for help.
8) 2) dialog: You could have gotten her killed.
8) 4) dialog: You don't KNOW that. Do you?
8) 6) dialog: You are wrong. Don't speak unless spoken to.
8) 8) dialog: You are a fighter? What style?
8) 10) dialog: Which style? Do not attempt to con me.
8) 12) dialog: Bullshit!
8) 14) dialog: Let me see your hands, 'fighter'. Jack holds out his hands and Grandfather holds them, look them and squeezing them. Jack squeezes back, but it has n on Grandfather.
8) 15) dialog: You have never trained.
8) 18) dialog: Maybe he set the attack up himself, so he would look good.
8) 20) text: Not yet. Grandfather takes Jack's hands and forces them into the f the counter top.
8) 22) dialog: OK, fighter, let's see how good you really are. All you have to do is touch me and I will give you the credit you think you deserve. OK?
8) 25) dialog: Only the ones claiming to be heroes. C'mon, just one touch... Jack, thinking he is going to catch Grandfather unaware, for him, but he's no longer there. Jack moves again, tryi touch him, but Grandfather is a ghost. No matter how he t with what techniques, he can't lay a finger on him. Finally, Jack is so frustrated he gives up. He grabs a to starts to wipe the flour off his hands.
37) 0) text: Sally comes walking up to her house, a piece of paper in It is a playbill advertising the next SuperFights. Jack, as the "All American Hero," is featured prominently ad, which is selling tickets and the pay-per-view coverag looks at the playbill for a long time, remembering Jack a way her Grandfather treated him. Just then, the door to their house opens, and Grandfather expert in ancient Chinese healing arts, is showing an inj PATIENT out of the house. Sally sees her grandfather and quickly folds the playbill smallest possible size, then hides it in her purse. She t into her house.
45) 0) text: Jack is in the ring, facing off against a bigger, faster, opponent, The Mercenary, this time. However, Jack wins ag using his impressive and very distinctive style to beat h In the audience sits Sally, cheering Jack on, anxious for catch a glimpse of her. The Grandfather is sitting with h
49) 0) text: Jack is walking along the riverfront, his hands in his po is absently watching the traffic on the river, and the pe walking around him. Jack walks a little bit more, then notices a man off to o in a little park, going through a martial arts routine. I style Tai Zhi Quan, and the man is obviously an expert. J a little closer for a better look, and realizes that the Sally's Grandfather. Jack smiles and watches the man move. Very athletic, very graceful, with an underlying strength. The man finishes up a particularly intricate set, then go drinks some water out of a bottle.
49) 1) dialog: (his back to Jack) You haven't come to see my granddaughter again.
49) 3) dialog: You give up on everything so easily? Jack thinks about that one for a moment.
49) 5) dialog: She is a rare jewel, a wonderful girl... woman.
49) 7) dialog: Yet you don't come to see her?
49) 9) dialog: I see you in the TV ads. You're a famous fighter now.
49) 11) dialog: You are troubled by something?
49) 13) dialog: I began training my daughter in the martial arts. Will you do me a favor?
49) 15) dialog: Come to her training tomorrow morning, 6:30 am, sharp! It will be a happy surprise for her. for a moment, then smiles.
49) 17) dialog: I'm not a miracle worker. <Smile> Here's the address. It's not much, but it serves our purpose.
50) 0) text: It is deserted when Grandfather and Sally drive up in his up pick up truck. They get out and Grandfather looks arou Jack. There is a homeless person sleeping under a paper b some trash barrels, but no Jack. Grandfather shakes his head, angry at Jack, and at himsel
50) 1) dialog: Damn it!
50) 3) dialog: Life is filled with disappointments, Granddaughter. Let's go inside. As they head for the door to the warehouse, the figure un paper box stirs, and then stands up. It's Jack!
50) 6) dialog: We are here to train, not kissie kissie. Jack and Sally come apart, reluctantly, and line up.
51) 2) dialog: Horse stance! They both get into a horse stance, and what follows is a
51) 4) dialog: (picking up the pill) What is this?
51) 6) dialog: I don't think so. Don't take any more until I check it out.
51) 8) dialog: You will come back tomorrow? Sally smiles and looks at Jack.
51) 10) dialog: Jack! Both Jack and Sally, surprised, turn towards the Grandfat is steeling himself for another scolding.
51) 11) dialog: You have her home by 11:00 pm, no later! You hear!
51) 12) text: You bet, Grandfather. Grandfather smiles.
54) 0) text: Jack and Sally are training together, doing a little spar After they have warmed up a little, Grandfather puts them the paces. He runs Jack through an agility drill, then ho pads for him to hit.
54) 1) dialog: I had the pill checked out, Jack. Steroids, growth hormone and some other chemical.
54) 3) dialog: Don't remember. The pharmacist said something about mind control.
54) 7) dialog: Qi training. He places an aluminum can in front of Jack.
54) 8) dialog: Hit this. Jack goes to punch the can, but Grandfather moves it so t is punching at air.
54) 9) dialog: With your qi. Qi is inner energy. Your life force. Everyone has qi, you just have to learn how to use it. Watch! Grandfather puts his hand out and stops it about 6 inches can. He closes his eyes and concentrates, an amber glow s his hand (SFX), and then the can MOVES ABOUT SIX INCHES! All by itself!
54) 11) dialog: (fire in his eyes) It's not a magic trick! You do it! Jack puts the can up on the table and put his hand out, m Grandfather, looking stupid. He concentrates but the can to move. Jack smiles. He thinks it's a trick.
54) 13) dialog: Qi.
54) 15) dialog: It's Chinese for inner energy, Jack. QI! He then flexes his palm on Jack's shoulder, and Jack goe across the room, SLAMMING against the wall and sliding do Jack nods, then pronounces the word correctly.
54) 17) dialog: Qi can be used for protection, and for attack. It requires much practice, and meditation. Breathing and qi are connected. Each breath brings in power and strength...
55) 0) text: Jack is sitting and meditating with his eyes closed. Sitt to him is Grandfather, who has his eyes OPEN! Sally is be both, her eyes closed. Jack is having real trouble concentrating. He is shifting position, rolling his head on his shoulders, trying to ge comfortable. He opens his eyes and looks around, and sees Grandfather has his eyes open. He looks at Sally, then back to Grandfather. He then puts out in front of Grandfather, to see if he can see the han No reaction. He does a few more things, then decides he is going to at Grandfather. He prepares a backfist, then lets it fly tow Grandfather's head. Before it can land, however, Grandfather blocks it with o and SLAPS the back of Jack's head with the other.
55) 1) dialog: This meditation is more advanced. It trains you to distinguish the false from the true. Now, clear your mind and continue. Grandfather and Jack continue to meditate.
59) 0) text: Grandfather is drilling Jack in qi cultivation. They are sticking hands, and Grandfather talks while they drill.
59) 1) dialog: The key to using qi is your waist and legs. You can use your opponent's energy against him, by sensing the attack and reacting immediately, before he hits you.
59) 3) dialog: Attack me. Grandfather closes his eyes, and Jack throws a punch at h looks like it is going to hit him, but at the last minute Grandfather avoids the punch, redirects the force, then c at Jack, throwing him back about 3 feet.
59) 4) dialog: I am talking about spontaneous reaction. Your body has a field around it, and when an attack comes, you feel it. Jack looks at Grandfather, and he knows Jack doesn't unde
59) 5) dialog: Hold out your hand. Grandfather looks at the hand, then thrusts a pin into it it can go in too far, Jack YELPS and pulls his hand away.
59) 6) dialog: Spontaneous reaction. See?
62) 0) text: Jack working on his qi training with Grandfather. He is f by Jack's inability to concentrate, so he gets a machine machine generates lights and sounds, allowing Jack to con Jack puts on glasses, and does his meditation.
64) 0) text: Sticking hands. More Machine Jack working on moving the can. More machine. Grandfather turns off the machine and attacks Jack, who s the eye piece on. Jack is able to defend himself. He does notice that he cannot see anything.
65) 0) text: Jack is eating dim sum in Chinatown with Sally and Grandf Grandfather and Sally are busy ordering, in Chinese, and is very bored. Jack is sitting there trying to move a can of soda. An am appears for a split second (SFX), and the can jiggles a l Jack is elated.
65) 2) dialog: You bumped the table.
65) 4) dialog: All right, all right. It moved. We're ina restaurant, Jack.
80) 0) text: Budokai, bruised, broken and bloody, is laying on a bed i house. Sally is trying to clean him up, but a great deal has been done. Grandfather pushes her off to the side and lays his hands Budokai's chest. An amber glow comes off his hands as he apply his Qi (SFX), but it won't penetrate.
80) 1) dialog: He's almost gone, Jack. Jack comes to the bed and sits next to Budokai.
91) 19) text: I'm gonna kick your ass. Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack t attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kic punches, knees, elbows. Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away. Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, turns back to Robert. He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beauti spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying. Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and hi puts an arm around him. Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Gr and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole police officers. Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist s Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is. Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smil hits Grandfather in the middle of the back. Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfathe silk jacket. Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him. Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.