1) 0) text: Spotlights cut through the murky darkness while rock musi The sound of the crowd, barely visible in the darkness, i RUMBLE in the dark, not unlike the sound of an enraged an They are yelling for blood! QUICK CUTS of other fighters in the ring, including Punks wrestlers, Kickboxers, Shootfighters, and others. It's a spectacle, and we see bits and snippets of it all - the k blows, the colorful fighters, the incredible techniques, bloodshed, the brutality. DARKCLOUD and NIGHT STALKER fac the ring. (ONE FIGHT) Darkcloud is slamming Night Stalker in the head over and With the second blow, the man's mouthpiece goes flying in crowd. Soon, the blood starts to spray, but the man doesn hitting. In the front row, right next to the ring, is JACK CODY, a old dreamer. Drinking it all in, he is yelling his lungs the fighters. A WOMAN standing next to Jack cringes at the brutality an her eyes.
1) 2) dialog: It's great, isn't it? I love it! The woman looks at Jack uncomprehendingly, then shakes he and steps over him to get out, then walks up the stairs t exit. Though the woman is very beautiful, Jack doesn't even wat go. He is too intent on the action in the ring. Now, one of the women fighters, ANGEL, dressed in a sexy that shows off her body, but also displays her finely def muscles, is fighting another SuperFighter. She is brutali other fighter, yet both are covered in blood. The towel has now been thrown in, but Angel STILL doesn' Angel has her opponent by the throat and is motioning to crowd, thumbs up or thumbs down. "NO MERCY" cries the crowd, and Jack is yelling louder th anyone.
1) 3) dialog: Take it to her, Angel! Yeah! Angel spins and hook kicks her opponent in the head, then the other way and side kicks her into the ropes. The othe FLIES off the ropes and lands face down in the center of It's brutal and barbaric. And Jack loves every minute of it. A spotlight lights up the stage, and two bizarre FIGHTERS the middle, facing each other.
3) 0) text: In the loading dock, we MOVE THROUGH the assembled goods, and various things. In the b.g. can be heard the sound of breathing, and solid THUNKS and THWOCKS . We MOVE through a door that is ajar, into an area of the separate from the storage area. On the walls are posters "SuperFights", martial arts training posters, pictures of Lee, Chuck Norris, Jean Claude Van Damme (from "No Retrea Surrender"), movie posters, professional wrestlers, etc. Pictures of a fighter named MIKE ROCCO are featured promi Rocco, in the pictures, is wearing a special necklace (Op Hand?). There is a magazine with his picture on it, and t reads "Rocco: Where is he now?" There is also a picture o with his arm around a young fighter - a younger Jack. We see a SHADOW of what looks like two people fighting o picture of Rocco. The sounds of violent training are closer, more immediate A counter is piled high with training books, and a TV/VCR combination sits next to them, a pile of martial arts tra videos sitting on top. A tape is in the machine, and it i on one particular instructor, Mike Rocco, demonstrating a technique. Standing next to the counter are mannequins in various po all dressed in sporting goods equipment - at first they l real fighters. We see Jack moving among them, doing flips the aid of an unseen trampoline). Some of the mannequins are wearing protective equipment, swimsuits, still others in martial arts uniforms. Smoothly, we TURN AROUND to see Jack, in a muscle shirt a workout pants, working on a mannequin, and we realize tha are just mannequins, not real people. He is very athletic obviously been training for some time. He is not a master is strong and effective, with a great deal of raw talent. When he hits and kicks the heavy bag, in the middle of the room, it SHAKES the entire room. Jack is wearing the special necklace that Rocco had on in pictures. After one particularly grueling combination, Jack stops, from a sport bottle nearby. He then grabs the TV remote a a button.
3) 2) dialog: Time for the SuperFight. He moves to the area of the room where the mannequins are He moves into the middle of them, then raises his arms li Budokai did last night. He goes into action, throwing kicks and punches at the ma breaking them into pieces, throwing them into all the cor the room. When he is done, he stands panting in the center of the raises his arms again. One mannequin is still standing.
3) 3) dialog: No mercy. He jumps off the trampoline (we see it now) and drives a wheel kick at the lone mannequin and hits it, but sends h sprawling at the same time. The fantasy is disrupted by reality. Jack smiles and puts in his hands, resting.
3) 6) dialog: Yeah, Frankie. Just finishing up! FRANKIE comes into view.
3) 8) dialog: (cheerfully) OK! I'll be right down. Jack gets off the ground and starts to clean up the piece mannequin around the room. He assembles the mannequins ag his next workout, then pauses at the "SuperFights" and "M Rocco" posters.
3) 9) dialog: Someday... The CAMERA PULLS OUT, past the tapes, books and posters.
4) 0) text: Establishing shot of a run down tract house in a "poor wh trash" suburb of the city. The house is much cleaner than others in the area. Obviously, some care has been taken w house. Jack's battered Jeep pulls up to the house, and he gets o pauses for a moment in the front yard, then shakes his he up some trash from the neighbor's yard, and moves inside.
4) 1) text: Jack walks into the house, weary from a long day of work, hangs up his jacket.
4) 2) dialog: Mom, I'm home!
4) 4) dialog: (smiling wearily) It's SuperFights, and they were last night.
4) 6) dialog: I got to work on time, nobody got hurt, what difference does it make, Mom? Jack's MOTHER comes around the corner and confronts Jack. a road they've been over many times, but that won't stop Mother from trying to make a point.
4) 8) dialog: I'm not in the ring... yet. When I'm one of the fighters, then you can worry. OK?
4) 10) dialog: When they have another try out, I'm going to be first in line.
4) 12) dialog: Let's not do this again, Mom. I gotta go...
4) 14) dialog: Out, that's all.
5) 9) dialog: Oh, yeah! This is just what I needed! When he's done, Jack turns to Sally and smiles, then moti her to join him. Sally gets in Jack's Jeep, and he pulls quickly out of th The gang members are still on the ground, some of them st moan and move around a little bit.
6) 0) text: Jack is driving along, and Sally is sitting very primly i Jeep. Jack steals looks at her, and she looks at him side Jack is intrigued by this beautiful Chinese girl.
6) 3) dialog: Meet your grandfather? Sounds like real fun... They get out of the Jeep.
7) 2) dialog: Don't worry, I love old codgers. Through the window, we see a SHADOW looking at them. Then disappears. They go inside.
8) 0) text: A meat cleaver THWACKS down into a wooden cutting board a straight up. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sally's Grandfather, who was cooking when they came in. He is at least 75 years old, and is we dark blue Chinese silk jacket.
8) 9) dialog: All different styles.
8) 11) dialog: I use what works, from karate, kung fu, kickboxing, whatever.
8) 13) dialog: Hey, it worked tonight.
8) 16) dialog: I can handle myself.
8) 19) dialog: I've had about enough... Jack tries to pull his hands away, but he cannot. Jack co to try to pull away, but Grandfather has his hands in a v
8) 20) text: Not yet. Grandfather takes Jack's hands and forces them into the f the counter top.
8) 21) dialog: What the hell?
8) 23) dialog: This is ridiculous. Does he do this to every guy you bring home?
8) 26) dialog: I gotta get outta here. Sally, I'll call you. He walks past Grandfather, who is smiling in success. Bef completely passes him, however, Jack tries one more time him. Grandfather, with eyes in the back of his head, move out of the way, and all Jack touches is air.
9) 0) text: Sally pushes open the door of her house, but Jack is alre his Jeep and driving away. She watches him drive away, then raises her face to the s
10) 0) text: Jack's Jeep, driving on a deserted highway.
11) 0) text: Jack, still a little angry, driving and thinking.
12) 0) text: Jack drives up to his house, and is surprised to see his lit up, with tons of people milling around. There are Rep Camera Crews, Neighbors and more. Jack pulls his Jeep into the driveway, and gets out. The group explodes in applause, but Jack still can't figure o is going on. He spots a policeman and yells
12) 1) dialog: Is my Mom OK? He nods and motions that she is inside the house. Jack heads for the house, but is stopped by a TV REPORTER camera crew.
12) 3) dialog: What hero? What are you talking about? Jack pushes his way through the crowd and towards his hou concerned about his mother. In the b.g. we hear the TV Reporter finishing her report.
12) 5) dialog: Mom, are you all right? He goes in.
12) 7) dialog: Mom! Are you OK? What's with all the people outside? Jack's Mother runs to Jack, hugging him.
12) 9) dialog: What are you talking about?
12) 15) dialog: I don't really want to, Mom.
12) 17) dialog: Don't make that much out of it, Mom. I just did what had to be done. Mother leads Jack to the front door and opens it. Immedi crowd on the lawn surges forward to the door.
13) 0) text: TIGHT ON TV IMAGE OF JACK, blinded by the lights of the T cameras. He is bombarded with questions, attention which with his characteristic good humor. ANGLE ON ROBERT SAWYER, PROMOTER OF SUPERFIGHTS. He is watching the TV with interest, the lights from the illuminating his face. He presses the "Mute" button on the remote, and the scene on the TV without any sound.
13) 6) dialog: I just did what I had to do. Anybody else would have done the same.
14) 0) text: Jack is out for his training run, and he is spotted by pe walking and working on the street. He runs by a crew of W working on the construction of a house.
15) 0) text: Jack is rushing around, trying to get ready for his meeti Robert. His mother is following him, haranguing him for e considering becoming a fighter.
15) 2) dialog: You're the one who wanted me to talk to the reporters, and Mr. Sawyer called me because he saw me on TV.
15) 4) dialog: No, but being a SuperFighter is a lot different from being a pro wrestler, and a couple of years doing it would be fun. I had my 15 minutes of fame, Mom. Now is the time to capitalize on it. He starts to tie his neck tie, and is having trouble.
15) 5) dialog: Mom, can you help me out here? I could die trying to tie this thing.
15) 7) dialog: Great, just great. I hope he's more interested in my fighting than my wardrobe. He does a sloppy job tying his tie, then grabs a notebook heads for the door.
15) 8) dialog: Mom?!? I'm going. Wish me luck? No answer.
15) 9) dialog: Thanks a lot! He goes out the door, and only when he is completely gone mother come into the room, a worried look on her face.
16) 0) text: Robert's office building, with the legend "SuperFights" o front door. Jack walks up to the front of the building, a the sign, then walks in.
17) 0) text: The elevator door opens and Jack walks up to a very impre solid wood door, with "SuperFights" engraved into it. He of the huge brass doorknobs and pulls the door open.
18) 0) text: Jack walks up to the RECEPTIONIST, who is seated at a sta art computer workstation. Her face lights up when she see
18) 7) dialog: Uh... Sure.
18) 9) dialog: Honor? C'mon, you guys are...
18) 14) dialog: No, I...
19) 2) dialog: No, thanks, Mr. Sawyer. Thanks for inviting me over. It was great to meet those guys.
19) 4) dialog: Are you kidding? I'd kill to be one of the SuperFighters!
19) 6) dialog: The answer's yes.
19) 8) dialog: No. Should I?
19) 10) dialog: You bet!
19) 13) dialog: I saw you fight the other night...
19) 16) dialog: (swallowing hard) Yeah, that'd be great.
19) 19) dialog: I can't wait.
19) 23) text: Here's the contract. I advise you to read it carefully, but it's tough going. I'll go over the main points with you. OK? Angel is now at the door, and she stops and catches Jack' then winks.
19) 24) dialog: I want to warn you, Robert, I'm a pretty tough negotiator. I'm no pushover. Robert smiles and sits down, ready to put the hammer to J
23) 0) text: Jack walks through the door into the training gym, which high tech, all marble, machines and red and blue floors. best for the SuperFighters. Jack is astonished by the roo walks around looking at it in awe. As he looks around, in walks Angel.
23) 2) dialog: I'm all yours.
23) 5) dialog: Why? They walk over to the two beams of light streaming down a one wall.
23) 7) dialog: You bet.
23) 8) text: Stepping side. Jack does it. A power read out registers on the computer
23) 14) dialog: Thanks. Is the test done?
23) 16) dialog: What... are you doing, Angel?
23) 20) dialog: Angel...? Jack jumps a little, and Angel snaps.
23) 24) dialog: (forced, throaty, embarrassed) Should we be doing this?
23) 26) dialog: Here? Now? Angel laughs, then starts to walk away.
23) 28) dialog: What are these?
25) 0) text: An exclusive, gated community - expensive townhouses and guards. A limousine pulls up and into a parking place, an step Angel and Jack. She leads him into one of the units.
26) 0) text: It's an incredible apartment, complete with vaulted ceili fireplace, open staircase, eat in kitchen, exercise room more. Angel gives him a guided tour, and we tag along. In the master bedroom, Angel lays on the bed and motions to join her. Jack shakes his head and moves on to another
26) 1) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Jack eating dinner at an expensive resta with other SuperFighters (Budokai, Night Stalker, DarkClo etc.), Angel, beautiful women, etc. At the end of the obv expensive meal, Jack pulls out his wallet and, over prote from the rest of the group, produces a wad of bills to pa tab.
27) 0) text: Jack comes out of his apartment carrying his workout bag, his workout with Angel. He runs up to his Jeep, only this it's not his beat up Jeep, but a beautiful, new Jeep Cher Sport. He hops in and drives off.
28) 0) text: Jack is training with Angel. Before they begin, she hands cup of water, and he takes the pill. They start training, and Angel is a slave driver. Jack ha worked so hard.
29) 0) text: Jack drives past the warehouse where he used to work, and irony is lost on him. Frankie is outside, and he spots Ja
30) 0) text: Jack is running stairs, with Angel watching, holding a st
30) 1) text: Jack and Angel are standing in the river, throwing kicks.
31) 0) text: Angel is drilling Jack with Muay Thai bags. Jack is kicki sweating up a storm.
32) 0) text: Jack and Angel are running together. They start to sprint Angel is staying right with him.
33) 0) text: Jack is heading for the door for a workout. He stops at t and takes his "vitamin".
34) 0) text: Jack is lifting weights, with Angel as his coach. He is w very hard, and Angel is urging him to work even harder.
35) 0) text: Jack is lying in the whirlpool, the bubbles flying around steam rising, taking the pain out of his tired muscles. The door to the locker room opens and Jack barely acknowl he is so exhausted. We get the impression of a HUGE, HULKING BEAST who appear steam behind Jack, who is totally unaware. The Beast comes closer, big hands and arms reaching for J a muffled order is BARKED. Jack sits up straight in the whirlpool, looking around fo someone, something.
35) 1) dialog: Who's there? No one answers. The Beast recedes into the anonymity of the steam, leavin searching in the steam for the something he thought he sa
35) 2) dialog: This is a rookie thing, right, guys? Ha, good one! You guys got me a good one! He sits back down in the whirlpool, but doesn't quite rel way he was before.
35) 3) text: Jack, after his whirlpool, comes out of the locker room. He goes past the Women's locker room, and there is Angel, view, almost completely naked. Jack doesn't want to look, stops anyway. Angel knows that Jack is watching, and she consciously gi little show.
36) 0) text: TIGHT ON RING, where a SuperFights bout is going on. Two flamboyant fighters are going at each other, in a series techniques. It's RASPUTIN against THE MERCENARY. Rasputin dressed like a Red Army General crossed with a mad monk. Mercenary is dressed like an American soldier in this "pa battle. Angel and Jack are sitting with Robert in the crowd. Jack is in street clothes, watching the action (his first not for a little while). The crowd is loud and ready for violence, and the SuperFights are ready to give it to the INSERT: Underground betting is going on here.
36) 2) dialog: (looking at Angel) You bet. Just say the word.
36) 13) text: Jack and Angel are working out. They are trading kicks, w up. Angel is an incredible martial artist. Both of them a wearing protective gear, which is very futuristic and hig They start to speed up, and Jack begins to wonder if he c her. He tries to score some points on her, and catches he guard. He scores a kick to the body, and smiles a little. Angel stops and looks at him, hands on her hips.
36) 15) dialog: (beat) Sure. You?
36) 17) dialog: Ready as ever.
36) 24) dialog: How'd he get so out of control?
36) 26) dialog: What's it like?
37) 0) text: Sally comes walking up to her house, a piece of paper in It is a playbill advertising the next SuperFights. Jack, as the "All American Hero," is featured prominently ad, which is selling tickets and the pay-per-view coverag looks at the playbill for a long time, remembering Jack a way her Grandfather treated him. Just then, the door to their house opens, and Grandfather expert in ancient Chinese healing arts, is showing an inj PATIENT out of the house. Sally sees her grandfather and quickly folds the playbill smallest possible size, then hides it in her purse. She t into her house.
39) 1) text: Jack is sitting at his locker, his uniform on. It is a mi traditional martial arts and patriotic glitz - all in all however, the effect isn't bad. He's nervous, tapping his feet and taking deep breaths. Budokai and Darkcloud come over to him and clap him on th shoulder.
39) 4) dialog: You think so? You think I'm ready?
39) 6) dialog: The Enforcer. Budokai and Darkcloud share a look, their smiles gone. Th quickly, they smile again.
39) 8) dialog: (wanting to believe) Great. Thanks. I feel much better...
40) 0) text: Jack getting SLAMMED in the face by The Enforcer, a huge, angry fighter. He gets HAMMERED again, and thrown to the canvas floor!
40) 3) text: We met before, didn't we? C'mon, Jack. I thought you were supposed to be the All American Hero. Show me something.
40) 6) dialog: We did it! Jack is still looking for Sally.
40) 7) text: Jack is training, and now all the other SuperFighters are gym training too. They are sparring, they are lifting wei some are working out on treadmills or exercise bikes. It flurry of activity. Jack is stretching to one side, taking it all in. He push rear end forward, holding that stretch.
40) 9) dialog: C'mon, Angel. Cut it out!
40) 12) dialog: You bet. He steadies himself for the kick. Budokai does a stepping kick into the bag, propelling Jack into the wall behind h he hits a bunch of pads and other training apparatus. It down around Jack.
40) 13) dialog: Nice kick, man. Budokai watches him for a moment, and looks like he's abo erupt in laughter. Then, he thinks better of it and goes where Jack is and helps him up.
40) 15) dialog: Right, yeah, I slipped.
42) 0) text: Jack, dressed in an expensive leather coat, exits the res with Angel on his arm. A line of FANS, mostly KIDS, are w outside with things for him to autograph. Jack loves the attention, and he stops and signs for them One especially cute KID waits at the end of the line. Jac at Angel and kneels down in front of him. The Kid holds t of paper out to Jack, then looks at him very seriously.
42) 2) dialog: I try my best, kid. I try my best. He signs the autograph and they walk on.
45) 0) text: Jack is in the ring, facing off against a bigger, faster, opponent, The Mercenary, this time. However, Jack wins ag using his impressive and very distinctive style to beat h In the audience sits Sally, cheering Jack on, anxious for catch a glimpse of her. The Grandfather is sitting with h
46) 0) text: Jack is in the bathroom, washing up. He is staring at him the mirror, examining his face and his body. He is wearin bikini briefs.
46) 1) dialog: Did you think that fight tonight went awful fast? I mean, I barely hit him and he went down.
46) 3) dialog: Yeah, but was I that great? Am I that good?
46) 5) dialog: Yeah, but do you think they're taking it easy on me because I'm new? I don't want anything given to me... Jack grabs a robe and walks out of the bathroom, comes ar corner towards the bedroom, and there stands Angel, dress in a dress shirt and panties. She is in a fighting stance hands up.
46) 7) dialog: (after a beat) C'mon, Angel. What are you doing?
46) 9) dialog: (smiling) I've never fought anyone in lace panties before.
46) 11) dialog: Angel... She attacks, and they trade playful techniques, and then SWEEPS her to the bed, landing next to her in an embrace.
46) 14) dialog: Yes, it does. Besides, you're my trainer, and my friend.
46) 17) dialog: I'm getting a sneak preview...
48) 0) text: Jack is running and training outside, throwing punches wh works on his endurance. It is foggy out, and as Jack turn of the paths, he sees a hulking Figure. He stops for a moment, spooked, and looks for the Figure, gone.
48) 1) dialog: Who's there? He continues running, but suddenly, he is attacked by a M Man. They fight, and the Masked Man is a much better figh Jack. Jack is trying to block him, but he cannot.
48) 3) dialog: Bullshit! I'm a great fighter. The Masked Man SLAMS Jack HARD, sending him to the ground
48) 4) dialog: What do you want?
48) 6) dialog: I haven't seen any of that...
48) 8) dialog: I won those fights...
48) 10) dialog: Wait! How do I do that? The Masked Man is walking away, but he pauses right befor exits.
49) 0) text: Jack is walking along the riverfront, his hands in his po is absently watching the traffic on the river, and the pe walking around him. Jack walks a little bit more, then notices a man off to o in a little park, going through a martial arts routine. I style Tai Zhi Quan, and the man is obviously an expert. J a little closer for a better look, and realizes that the Sally's Grandfather. Jack smiles and watches the man move. Very athletic, very graceful, with an underlying strength. The man finishes up a particularly intricate set, then go drinks some water out of a bottle.
49) 2) dialog: I didn't feel particularly welcome.
49) 4) dialog: No, but I... Jack thinks Grandfather Grandfather
49) 6) dialog: Yes, she is.
49) 8) dialog: (after a beat) I have no answer for that.
49) 10) dialog: Yeah. Famous.
49) 12) dialog: You could say that.
49) 14) dialog: What?
49) 16) dialog: For us both. Can you teach me to move like you? scribbles an address on a piece of paper.
49) 18) dialog: See you tomorrow morning. starts in on another form.
49) 19) dialog: Is that Tai Zhi? No answer from Grandfather. Jack smiles and walks on, fe better than he's felt in a long time.
50) 0) text: It is deserted when Grandfather and Sally drive up in his up pick up truck. They get out and Grandfather looks arou Jack. There is a homeless person sleeping under a paper b some trash barrels, but no Jack. Grandfather shakes his head, angry at Jack, and at himsel
50) 5) dialog: Where have you guys been? Grandfather is sincerely pleased that Jack is there, but doing his best to hide it. Jack and Sally embrace, but that is quickly broken up by Grandfather.
50) 7) dialog: Time's a wasting, Grandfather! They go inside.
51) 0) text: Jack and Sally are lined up in the middle of the warehous has some old Chinese training devices in it, as well as miscellaneous boxes, etc.
51) 1) text: The martial arts are about controlling your body, your mind... and your emotions. Jack and Sally look at each other and smile.
51) 5) dialog: They said they were vitamins.
51) 7) dialog: Sure. Thanks for having me.
51) 9) dialog: Bright and early. (to Sally) You want to have dinner tonight? Sally smiles and is about to say yes. Before she can say however,
51) 13) dialog: See you tonight! He exits.
52) 0) text: Jack and Sally are eating at a very nice restaurant. We c them through the front plate glass window. A couple of pe up for autographs, but then they are alone.
53) 0) text: Jack is lifting weights, around the other SuperFighters. certain time, all of them are provided with pills and cup water to drink them with. Jack takes his, and makes like drinking them. After he drinks, Darkcloud winks at Jack.
54) 0) text: Jack and Sally are training together, doing a little spar After they have warmed up a little, Grandfather puts them the paces. He runs Jack through an agility drill, then ho pads for him to hit.
54) 2) dialog: Which one?
54) 4) dialog: I stopped taking the pills, but they'll know something's going on if I'm not getting any stronger.
54) 6) dialog: What do you have in mind?
54) 10) dialog: What the hell? (beat) Do that again!
54) 12) dialog: That's qi? Qi. (mispronounces the word) Sounds like you are sneezing.
54) 14) dialog: Bless you. Grandfather walks over to Jack and puts his hand on his s
54) 16) dialog: Q-Q-Q-Q-Q-Qi.
55) 0) text: Jack is sitting and meditating with his eyes closed. Sitt to him is Grandfather, who has his eyes OPEN! Sally is be both, her eyes closed. Jack is having real trouble concentrating. He is shifting position, rolling his head on his shoulders, trying to ge comfortable. He opens his eyes and looks around, and sees Grandfather has his eyes open. He looks at Sally, then back to Grandfather. He then puts out in front of Grandfather, to see if he can see the han No reaction. He does a few more things, then decides he is going to at Grandfather. He prepares a backfist, then lets it fly tow Grandfather's head. Before it can land, however, Grandfather blocks it with o and SLAPS the back of Jack's head with the other.
56) 1) dialog: Your grandfather's a great guy.
57) 0) text: Jack is training with Angel. He's working on the heavy ba she's watching him, charting his progress.
57) 2) dialog: Got me, Coach. Just then, Robert walks in, briefcase in hand, and motion Darkcloud and Night Stalker to join him. They break off f training and follow him.
57) 3) dialog: I gotta take a leak... I mean, I have to use the facilities, Ma'am. May I?
59) 0) text: Grandfather is drilling Jack in qi cultivation. They are sticking hands, and Grandfather talks while they drill.
59) 7) dialog: Yeah, I see. They start sticking hands training again.
61) 0) text: Jack is fighting in the ring, and at one critical moment fight, he tries to use the qi training he is learning. It work, however, and Jack is SLAMMED by the other fighter, Stalker. Surprised, Jack moves away from him, trying to recover. F he finishes off Night Stalker, then raises his hands to t The applause is deafening. Jack turns to all corners of the crowd, and smiles at Sal Angel watches him closely, and sees the look he gives Sal
61) 1) text: Jack is lifting weights with the other SuperFighters. Sev CLOSEUPS of SuperFighters training (men and women), their apparent. They are so big, and so emotionally on edge.
62) 0) text: Jack working on his qi training with Grandfather. He is f by Jack's inability to concentrate, so he gets a machine machine generates lights and sounds, allowing Jack to con Jack puts on glasses, and does his meditation.
63) 0) text: Jack, in the early morning rays of the sun, is doing a so Tai Zhi form. It's beautiful.
64) 0) text: Sticking hands. More Machine Jack working on moving the can. More machine. Grandfather turns off the machine and attacks Jack, who s the eye piece on. Jack is able to defend himself. He does notice that he cannot see anything.
65) 0) text: Jack is eating dim sum in Chinatown with Sally and Grandf Grandfather and Sally are busy ordering, in Chinese, and is very bored. Jack is sitting there trying to move a can of soda. An am appears for a split second (SFX), and the can jiggles a l Jack is elated.
65) 1) dialog: It moved! It moved! Grandfather looks at the waiter and shrugs.
65) 3) dialog: I'm telling you it moved!
66) 0) text: Jack is all dressed and ready to go for his next fight. H standing near the door, waiting for his introduction. The light sheen of sweat over his skin, and he can't wait to the ring. Robert and Angel appear at Jack's side.
66) 1) dialog: Mr. Sawyer! How are you?
66) 3) dialog: Good one, Mr. Sawyer.
66) 6) dialog: Mr. Sawyer? Robert doesn't listen and continues to walk away.
67) 0) text: Jack is inside the ring, facing off with Darkcloud. Jack is losing, as he is supposed to. He is still in kind daze. Robert is in the crowd, and he looks a little concerned. Darkcloud clinches with Jack, and whispers in his ear.
67) 2) dialog: Why do I take a dive?
67) 5) dialog: You and what army?
67) 7) dialog: I'm not going down. They break, and now Darkcloud is pissed. This was suppose his win. He charges Jack, intent on really taking him out Jack sidesteps the attack, and mounts his own. It's fast furious, and very dangerous. Jack uses some of the techni Grandfather has been teaching him.
68) 3) dialog: 
68) 5) dialog: Mr. Sawyer, let me explain...
68) 8) dialog: Yes.
68) 10) dialog: I think I can...
68) 12) dialog: You can count on me, Mr. Sawyer.
68) 14) dialog: Right.
68) 16) dialog: OK. I'm there.
68) 18) dialog: Yes, Mr. Sawyer?
68) 20) dialog: Yes, sir. Jack exits the room.
69) 0) text: A restaurant sits on the corner of the street. It is clos for the night. A van pulls up to the front of the store, SuperFighters, Jack in tow, pile out and go into the rest
69) 4) dialog: Yeah. What are we doing here?
69) 6) dialog: Chinese food?
69) 10) dialog: I've eaten here before... WANG, a 40ish Chinese man, comes out of the back.
69) 19) dialog: Who is stunned by the man's words. He turns on Budokai.
69) 20) dialog: I thought you said he was the head of the Chinese Mafia?
71) 0) text: The van that took the SuperFighters on the raid to Chinat up in front of the office building, and Jack gets out.
72) 0) text: Jack is getting into his Jeep, when he hears the sound of footsteps and SHOUTS. Jack ducks behind his Jeep and watc several of Robert's HENCHMEN SPRINT through the parking g
72) 8) dialog: Who reacts to the tortured cries of the beast.
73) 0) text: Jack opens the door to his apartment, and he is immediate attacked. It is the Masked Man again, and this time Jack such an easy mark. They fight for a little while, and Jack is incredibly imp The Masked Man is losing. Jack manages to take the Masked to the ground, and rips off his mask. It is Budokai!
73) 1) dialog: 
73) 4) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
73) 6) dialog: Yeah, I have. You were right.
73) 8) dialog: What, quit?
73) 10) dialog: Get Robert Sawyer? How are we going to do that?
73) 12) dialog: I just want out. I saw a Monster tonight.
73) 15) dialog: No. Budokai nods his head.
73) 17) dialog: This was Rocco's - he gave it to me when I was a boy. He was my hero, my inspiration.
73) 19) dialog: What do you want me to do?
74) 0) text: PAN DOWN FROM SHOWERHEAD. Jack is in the shower, and we h rest of Budokai's dialogue, while Jack thinks about what
74) 2) text: Jack is meditating. He is having trouble concentrating.
75) 0) text: Jack is in Robert's office, and Robert looks very pleased
75) 2) dialog: You can count on me. When can we go out again, the whole team?
75) 4) dialog: Good-bye, Mr. Sawyer. Jack exits the office.
76) 0) text: Jack pulls up in his new Jeep and walks up the sidewalk t Mother's door. He knocks on the door, and his Mother come Over Jack's shoulder, we watch as Mother opens the door a Jack. She registers shock, and then starts to close it. Jack stops the door gently with one hand.
76) 3) dialog: Not just yet, Mom. We're gonna bring them down, though. Can I come in? His Mother smiles and opens the door wide, and Jack goes hugging her. His Mother starts to close the door, but Jac it and leans out of the door.
76) 4) dialog: There's someone I want you to meet... He motions to Sally, who is waiting in the Jeep. She gets runs to the house.
77) 6) text: Jack, his Mother and Sally are sitting in the living room and getting along famously. The cellular phone in Jack's rings, and he excuses himself.
77) 7) dialog: Hello?
77) 9) dialog: The Arena?
77) 11) dialog: I know... (beat) that area a little bit, I'll find it.
77) 14) dialog: I won't know until 7 tonight... He goes back in and sits down in the living room, a littl now.
78) 0) text: There are cars all around Warehouse 14, and people are go inside. There is a ring/cage set up inside, which is glim briefly as people pass through the heavy curtains at the Jack pulls up in his Jeep, and parks. As he is walking in warehouse, he spies Angel and goes over to her.
78) 1) dialog: Angel! What's happening?
78) 3) dialog: Aren't you?
78) 5) dialog: What's going on tonight?
78) 8) dialog: What's that mean, Angel? Angel doesn't say anything, but walks towards the door, a watches her go, thinking that he might be in trouble. If and he goes in, he's dead. If he's not, and he takes off, party's over. He shrugs and starts after her.
78) 9) dialog: Hey, Angel, wait up! She turns and waits for him, unable to stop a smile from as he jogs over to her. They go through the door arm in arm.
79) 0) text: Jack and Angel walk in. There are people everywhere, and being made. Jack spots Robert on the other side of the ar
79) 1) dialog: Who's fighting tonight?
79) 4) text: Against the Beast! Jack and the crowd watches in awe as the Beast is wheeled restraints towards the ring/cage.
79) 7) dialog: Who's gonna win?
79) 9) dialog: You gotta do something! He's getting hurt!
79) 11) dialog: C'mon, Mr. Sawyer. He could get killed.
79) 15) dialog: Wait for me get into the ring, then kill the lights.
79) 17) dialog: They're killers, Angel. I have to help him! Angel HOLDS for a moment, then nods her head and goes tow office. Jack, meanwhile, makes his way ringside. The Beast is on top of Budokai, and Budokai isn't even mo Jack jumps into the ring and SLAMS into the Beast, knocki off of Budokai and out of the ring. The Beast lands in the crowd, and starts ravaging the peo the crowd. The lights go out, and the warehouse is in chaos. Budokai is a bloody mess, and Jack HEAVES him up onto his and starts out of the ring. The Beast jumps back into the moves to cut them off. Jack faces off with the Beast, with Budokai over his shou
79) 18) dialog: Rocco! The Beast stops at the mention of his name. Jack pulls out the necklace that he always wears.
79) 19) dialog: Rocco! I gotta get him some help. OK, Mike? He's done fighting. You won. The Beast lowers his arms, and Jack climbs back over the heads towards the exits. Robert is trying to see what is happening over the pandem and he catches a glimpse of Jack leaving with Budokai.
79) 21) text: Get Jack! Now! The Beast still doesn't move. More power to the collar, a the Beast is in agony. He still doesn't go for Jack, howe
80) 3) dialog: You're gonna get better.
80) 6) text: We have to help him. Focus your qi. Jack shakes his head, trying to concentrate.
80) 7) dialog: I gotta get my Mom. They know where I live.
81) 0) text: Jack is sleeping on the couch in the living room, and som phone is ringing (0.S.). Jack starts to wake up, and the phone keeps ringing.
81) 1) dialog: (sleepy) Somebody get that! The phone keeps ringing, and Jack finally comes awake and that it's his cellular phone. He pulls it out of his pock
81) 2) dialog: Hello? We now INTERCUT between Jack and Robert.
83) 0) text: Jack sits bolt upright, completely wide awake.
83) 1) dialog: He was going to die, Robert.
84) 3) dialog: What do we do now?
86) 2) dialog: Let them go.
87) 2) dialog: Yeah.
89) 2) dialog: You doing OK? Budokai nods.
89) 4) dialog: Tell him they have Sally and my mother. I'm going into the ring with Robert.
91) 0) text: As Jack walks into the Warehouse proper, the loudspeaker running a tape.
91) 3) dialog: I'm here. Let them go.
91) 5) dialog: You wanted me, you got me. Jack climbs into the ring, and a bell is RUNG. The fight Jack circles Robert warily, not wanting to commit. Robert itching to get his hands on Jack. Jack is having a hard time concentrating, because he is c about his mother and Sally. They attack each other, and it's clear almost immediately Jack is really no match for Robert's technique. They continue to fight, and soon Jack is bleeding from s different wounds, and the Robert doesn't even looked wind
91) 10) dialog: How can I? You gotta let them go!
91) 14) dialog: I know, Angel. You're a hero. She's gone, and Jack holds her for a moment longer. Robert is struggling to clear his head, and Jack stands u him one last time.
91) 19) text: I'm gonna kick your ass. Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack t attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kic punches, knees, elbows. Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away. Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, turns back to Robert. He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beauti spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying. Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and hi puts an arm around him. Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Gr and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole police officers. Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist s Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is. Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smil hits Grandfather in the middle of the back. Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfathe silk jacket. Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him. Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.