1) 0) text: Spotlights cut through the murky darkness while rock musi The sound of the crowd, barely visible in the darkness, i RUMBLE in the dark, not unlike the sound of an enraged an They are yelling for blood! QUICK CUTS of other fighters in the ring, including Punks wrestlers, Kickboxers, Shootfighters, and others. It's a spectacle, and we see bits and snippets of it all - the k blows, the colorful fighters, the incredible techniques, bloodshed, the brutality. DARKCLOUD and NIGHT STALKER fac the ring. (ONE FIGHT) Darkcloud is slamming Night Stalker in the head over and With the second blow, the man's mouthpiece goes flying in crowd. Soon, the blood starts to spray, but the man doesn hitting. In the front row, right next to the ring, is JACK CODY, a old dreamer. Drinking it all in, he is yelling his lungs the fighters. A WOMAN standing next to Jack cringes at the brutality an her eyes.
18) 8) dialog: I'm Cliff, better known as Night Stalker. It's an honor to shake your hand, Mr. Cody.
26) 1) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Jack eating dinner at an expensive resta with other SuperFighters (Budokai, Night Stalker, DarkClo etc.), Angel, beautiful women, etc. At the end of the obv expensive meal, Jack pulls out his wallet and, over prote from the rest of the group, produces a wad of bills to pa tab.
43) 0) text: An expensive limousine drives down the street. Suddenly, careens out of control through the intersection, sliding right in front of the limo. The LIMO DRIVER leans on the horn, but nobody gets out of The Limo Driver gets out and walks up to the car to see i is hurt, or if anyone needs help. From out of nowhere FLIES Budokai, KICKING the Limo Drive head, sending him down the ground. Out of the shadows of the street come two other SuperFigh Night Stalker and Darkcloud, and they jump into the front the limo.
44) 1) dialog: Sorry to cause coitus interruptus, but I think you have something for us. The man indicates the bag on the floor.
44) 2) dialog: I'll take that.
60) 0) text: Three SuperFighters, Budokai, Night Stalker and Darkcloud duking it out with an Asian gang (5). They beat them hand
61) 0) text: Jack is fighting in the ring, and at one critical moment fight, he tries to use the qi training he is learning. It work, however, and Jack is SLAMMED by the other fighter, Stalker. Surprised, Jack moves away from him, trying to recover. F he finishes off Night Stalker, then raises his hands to t The applause is deafening. Jack turns to all corners of the crowd, and smiles at Sal Angel watches him closely, and sees the look he gives Sal
69) 1) text: The group, led by Darkcloud, Budokai and Night Stalker, w the restaurant.
69) 3) dialog: It's humiliating to get reamed out, man, but at least you're still alive, bro.
69) 7) dialog: Yeah, right. Darkcloud goes up to the main counter and SLAMS his fist the glass, SHATTERING it into a thousand pieces.
77) 3) dialog: We own the Italians, the Chinese, the Koreans, the Jamaican posse - what now?