13) 0) text: TIGHT ON TV IMAGE OF JACK, blinded by the lights of the T cameras. He is bombarded with questions, attention which with his characteristic good humor. ANGLE ON ROBERT SAWYER, PROMOTER OF SUPERFIGHTS. He is watching the TV with interest, the lights from the illuminating his face. He presses the "Mute" button on the remote, and the scene on the TV without any sound.
13) 1) dialog: He's perfect. Robert goes behind his desk and pushes the intercom on hi
13) 2) dialog: Lonnie, get me... The name "Jack Cody" flashes onto the screen, underneath image talking to reporters.
13) 3) dialog: Jack Cody. He's on Channel 8 right now. Set up a meeting for tomorrow, here.
13) 5) dialog: Oh, and Lonnie? Make sure he comes alone. No agents, no lawyers. Thanks. He hangs up the phone and then presses "Mute" again. It's Jack talking on the TV.
15) 0) text: Jack is rushing around, trying to get ready for his meeti Robert. His mother is following him, haranguing him for e considering becoming a fighter.
16) 0) text: Robert's office building, with the legend "SuperFights" o front door. Jack walks up to the front of the building, a the sign, then walks in.
18) 4) dialog: Jack! Robert Sawyer! Let me introduce you to some friends of mine.
18) 13) dialog: That's enough, gentlemen. Jack and I have some matters to discuss. Where's your lawyer, Jack? Sharpening his pencil?
19) 1) dialog: Have a seat, Jack. Can I get you something to drink?
19) 3) dialog: Those guys are friends of yours, Jack. And, thank you for coming here tonight. I know you have a lot of demands on your time now. You're a popular man. (beat) I want to get right to the point, Jack. I want you to be a SuperFighter. Is that something that you'd like?
19) 5) dialog: I'm not asking for that... yet. (smile) All I want to do is make you an offer.
19) 7) dialog: I haven't made the offer yet, Jack. Do you have an agent?
19) 9) dialog: Not necessarily. Most of the fighters don't, in fact. I'll walk you through the contract, and I think we'll come to a fair agreement, don't you?
19) 15) dialog: If we can come to terms, Jack, I'd like Angel to train you. (beat) If that's OK.
19) 20) dialog: Angel, can you excuse us for a little while? Jack and I have to cross the t's and dot the i's.
19) 22) dialog: We'll all go out to dinner after, OK, Jack? Jack nods, watching Angel leave the room. Robert pulls out a thick contract and puts it down on the
19) 25) dialog: I saw that the minute we met, Jack.
24) 0) text: Robert is in his office, kissing with Lonnie, his recepti when the door flies open and OATES comes in flanked by tw BODYGUARDS. They have knives drawn, and they PULL Robert and Lonnie a Oates holding Lonnie, the Bodyguards holding Robert, kniv both their throats. Robert looks at him and smiles.
24) 1) dialog: Mr. Oates. What a pleasant surprise. Oates moves the knife closer to Lonnie's throat, and she pull away, terrified.
24) 4) dialog: The girl? Oates indicates Lonnie.
24) 5) dialog: Oh, her. (beat) Go ahead.
24) 7) dialog: Go ahead. You got what it takes?
24) 9) dialog: You have to do her first. Lonnie looks at Robert, stunned at what he is saying. Th would sacrifice her. Robert is still smiling, until he moves, and when he move incredibly quick, and brutal. He strikes the two bodyguar they go down immediately. When they are down, he turns to Oates, who still has the Lonnie's throat.
24) 10) dialog: Your turn. I'm calling your bluff. Oates doesn't move, but he is terrified by this unfeeling Robert moves and HITS Oates, knocking him away from Lonni
24) 11) text: Robert doesn't even see that Lonnie has been hurt. He clo Oates.
24) 12) dialog: Let me get this straight... You thought you'd tell me what to do? Strongarm me? Is that how your pea brain works?
24) 14) dialog: I'm the big deal.
24) 16) dialog: That's only part of what I want. Robert attacks Oates, and he is brutal and ruthless. He hits him with a strike to the stomach, which doubles h
24) 17) dialog: That hurt? Straighten up. With difficulty, Oates straightens up and tries to hit Ro soon as he comes all the way back up, Robert blocks his s hits him again, with a different technique this time. Oat farther down, and seems to hurt much more.
24) 18) dialog: That hurt more, I could tell. Interesting...
24) 20) dialog: I never knew that was so effective. Oates' arm hangs limply by his side, and his face is a ma agony. Robert hits him a couple more times, analyzing the reaction.
24) 21) dialog: Hmmm... Lonnie, you should leave now. Robert drives a knife hand into Oates' collar bone, break with an audible CRACK. Oates' screams again, and now both arms hang useless at his sides.
24) 22) dialog: How bad is the pain? Can you describe it? No answer from Oates, who is in incredible pain. He pulls back and gets himself set, then drives forward w special technique, striking Oates in the chest, right whe heart is. Oates' eyes go wide, and his mouth opens in a silent scre he drops over dead. Robert stands over Oates and studies his hand.
24) 23) dialog: It works. And, you'll never threaten me again. It's just a win-win day. He exits the room without looking back.
36) 0) text: TIGHT ON RING, where a SuperFights bout is going on. Two flamboyant fighters are going at each other, in a series techniques. It's RASPUTIN against THE MERCENARY. Rasputin dressed like a Red Army General crossed with a mad monk. Mercenary is dressed like an American soldier in this "pa battle. Angel and Jack are sitting with Robert in the crowd. Jack is in street clothes, watching the action (his first not for a little while). The crowd is loud and ready for violence, and the SuperFights are ready to give it to the INSERT: Underground betting is going on here.
36) 1) dialog: You ready for this craziness?
36) 3) dialog: It's Angel's call.
36) 6) dialog: What's going on? Angel shrugs, and looks back at the ring.
36) 7) dialog: 
36) 19) dialog: Is he ready?
47) 5) dialog: We opened the case. (beat) Wake one of them up! I want a witness when he dies. Darkcloud JERKS one of the Muscles up off the ground, and him in the face to bring him around. Robert walks over to Leader and smiles. He looks up at th fan.
47) 7) dialog: You see this? This is what happens. DO YOU
47) 9) text: No one steals from me. No one. Robert motions to the Beast and he raises Geracioti up. Geracioti's head hits the fan, and blood SPRAYS all over
47) 10) dialog: This must be what they mean when they say the shit hits the fan. Robert watches for a moment, then turns to the Muscle. He right up to him, face to sweating face.
47) 11) dialog: Spread the word. Fear me. He exits without another word.
58) 0) text: Robert and Angel are getting dressed, after having made l his office. Robert treats Angel like his property, and An starting not to like it.
58) 1) dialog: So, what's up with Jack? He checking out, strength and speed and all that?
58) 5) dialog: Good. Keep it that way. It's good for business, and he's become quite a star, hasn't he? He's young, and we've got all the time in the world. Robert watches Angel as she continues dressing. He GRABS her by the hair and pulls her to him, yanking he back, lifting her face to his.
58) 6) dialog: You're not getting star struck, are you? Angel tries to shake her head, but Robert has her held to tightly.
58) 7) dialog: You don't forget who trained you, and Darkcloud, Night Stalker and the others, do you? Again, she tries to shake her head, but cannot.
58) 8) dialog: Good! He kisses her brutally, then lets her go, pushing her bac clothes.
58) 9) dialog: Let yourself out. I have a meeting. He exits the room, and Angel wipes her mouth with the bac hand, trying to get the taste of him off her. There is real anger in her eyes as she continues dressing
66) 0) text: Jack is all dressed and ready to go for his next fight. H standing near the door, waiting for his introduction. The light sheen of sweat over his skin, and he can't wait to the ring. Robert and Angel appear at Jack's side.
66) 2) dialog: Jack, I want you to lose this fight. Jack smiles and nods, then does a double take. He stares Robert, looks at Angel, then decides that he's joking.
66) 4) dialog: The decision has been made, Jack. You don't win this fight. I'm setting you up for a huge title match later. You lose to Darkcloud tonight. The crowd is chanting Jack's name. INSERT: Underground betting is going on here.
67) 0) text: Jack is inside the ring, facing off with Darkcloud. Jack is losing, as he is supposed to. He is still in kind daze. Robert is in the crowd, and he looks a little concerned. Darkcloud clinches with Jack, and whispers in his ear.
67) 10) dialog: Don't do it. He smiles, then the CAMERA PULLS OUT and Jack KNOCKS Dark into oblivion.
67) 11) dialog: Who is furious.
68) 2) dialog: See this contract? You signed it! You don't decide that you are going to win a match. I tell you to do something, and you do it. You hear me?
68) 4) dialog: Nobody asked you to talk! Was I clear when I told you to lose the match?
68) 6) dialog: 
68) 11) dialog: Don't think, Jack.
68) 13) dialog: (softening up) Jack, maybe we started off wrong. This is entertainment, and we want to give the audience a good show. Sometimes, that means we have to play with the outcome, make a fight better than it otherwise would be, right?
68) 15) dialog: Good. Night Stalker and Darkcloud are leading a little expedition tonight, and I want you to go along, help out. OK?
68) 17) dialog: Good. And Jack?
68) 19) dialog: No one disobeys me twice.
72) 0) text: Jack is getting into his Jeep, when he hears the sound of footsteps and SHOUTS. Jack ducks behind his Jeep and watc several of Robert's HENCHMEN SPRINT through the parking g
72) 3) dialog: Back away! Jack, alarmed at the sound of Robert's voice, pulls back the wall. Robert comes walking up with a man in a lab coa carrying a case. Robert pulls a keypad from his pocket and points it at th He pushes a button, and the collar around the Beast's nec Pain fills the Beast.
72) 4) dialog: Rock, don't do this to me, man! He motions for the doctor, who opens the case and hands R tranquilizer gun. Robert takes the gun, loads it and aims at the Beast.
72) 5) dialog: Sweet dreams. He fires, and the dart sinks into the Beast's neck. Almos immediately, the Beast calms down and starts to sink towa floor. Robert comes close to the Beast then, and kneels down nex
72) 6) dialog: I'm close, Rock. I'm really close. A couple more and I control it all. The Beast shakes his head and roars.
72) 7) dialog: Yes! I say yes, and you will do it!
72) 9) dialog: I need you, Rock. And you need me. Robert stands up and motions for the Henchmen to come get Beast. Jack, sickened by the entire night, makes his way back to Jeep. He gets in and sits there, breathing deeply.
75) 0) text: Jack is in Robert's office, and Robert looks very pleased
75) 1) dialog: I'm glad to hear you're with us. You are the elite. If Nietzsche were alive, he'd call you a Superman. A guy like you needs that excitement, that adventure. I need warriors I can count on.
75) 3) dialog: Soon. I'll let you know.
77) 0) text: Robert is sitting at a table with DarkCloud and Night Sta
77) 2) dialog: We've got a problem.
77) 4) dialog: Someone from inside, feeding information to the cops... Looks of surprise from Darkcloud and Night Stalker. Could us?
77) 8) dialog: I need you tonight. Special exhibition, 7 pm.
77) 10) dialog: No, it's a private affair. Come to Warehouse 14, off Columbia Avenue, not far from the office.
77) 12) dialog: See you tonight. He hangs up and Jack stands there looking at the phone.
79) 0) text: Jack and Angel walk in. There are people everywhere, and being made. Jack spots Robert on the other side of the ar
79) 3) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! Welcome to the famous 'Cage Match' - where only one man leaves alive. Tonight's bout pits Budokai... Budokai comes out towards the ring, and the crowd erupts applause.
79) 10) dialog: That's the reality of our business. It's brutal.
79) 12) dialog: Yes, he could. At that moment, in the ring, the Beast RIPS off a hunk of Budokai's shoulder, and stuffs it in his mouth. Jack REAC this, and the crowd, and Robert smiling. Jack's head is s and he knows that Budokai will be killed if he doesn't do something. He runs over to where Angel is sitting and YANKS her to h
79) 20) dialog: Rocco! Get him! The Beast turns to Robert and stares at him. He punches a on the keypad, and the collar around the Beast's neck glo
79) 22) dialog: Do it. Instead of charging after Jack, the Beast comes for Rober
79) 23) dialog: You won't hurt me. The Beast comes on, but Robert hits another button, putti collar up to the limit. The Beast stops his charge and go on his knees in total pain. Robert walks up to him and shakes his head. He hits the Beast and kills him immediately.
79) 24) dialog: Told you. Robert is furious.
82) 0) text: Robert is sitting at his desk, talking on the phone.
82) 1) dialog: Hello, Jack. Quite a show you put on.
84) 1) dialog: That was the whole point! I had such plans for you, Jack, and now you've gone and thrown them all away.
85) 1) dialog: Well, I could let you talk to your girlfriend, and your Mother, but they're a little tied up now. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sally and Jack's Mother sitting in ch Robert's office, tied to them.
87) 1) dialog: I don't think so. I'm staging another fight in one hour, Jack, and you're the main attraction. Show up alone, or they're gone. Got that?
88) 1) dialog: See you soon, Jack. Robert hangs up and smiles at Sally and Jack's Mother.
88) 2) dialog: That's some guy you have there. He really wants to be a hero.
91) 4) dialog: You beat me, they go free.
91) 6) dialog: You betrayed me! Jack is losing.
91) 7) dialog: I trusted you. I gave you a future! Jack looks over at Sally and his mother.
91) 9) dialog: Goddamn it! Fight me!
91) 11) dialog: I don't think so. Robert is hitting Jack almost at will. Nothing Jack does and he is getting slaughtered. Jack has to do something to save his mother and Sally, so manuevers Robert into one corner and manages to hit him h enough to send him pitching back against a pile of junk. Robert's back hits the boxes, wire and boxes come falling top of him. Jack takes this opportunity and SPRINTS to where his moth Sally are being held. He attacks both Darkcloud and Night and, taking them by surprise, quickly defeats them. Meanwhile, Robert is struggling to get free. He starts to free his mother and Sally, and Angel tries t him. Jack turns to look at her, and she stops.
91) 15) dialog: I made you a star, now I'm going to destroy you! Robert SWEEPS him to the ground, then stands over him.
91) 16) dialog: I told you no one disobeys me twice. He is preparing for the killing blow.
91) 19) text: I'm gonna kick your ass. Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack t attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kic punches, knees, elbows. Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away. Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, turns back to Robert. He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beauti spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying. Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and hi puts an arm around him. Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Gr and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole police officers. Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist s Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is. Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smil hits Grandfather in the middle of the back. Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfathe silk jacket. Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him. Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.