5) 0) text: A deserted parking lot of a city bank. A young, very attr Chinese woman, SALLY WONG, walks to the Cash machine outs bank, on her way home from work. She looks around to make sure no one else is there, then to the machine. She puts in her card, presses several but completes her transaction. Her cash is counted out into a drawer, and she reaches in and pulls it out. Just as she turns to go, a voice behind her calls out men
6) 0) text: Jack is driving along, and Sally is sitting very primly i Jeep. Jack steals looks at her, and she looks at him side Jack is intrigued by this beautiful Chinese girl.
6) 1) dialog: Turn right here. This is my house. The Jeep comes to a stop. Sally opens the door and start out..
6) 2) dialog: (after a beat) Want to come in? (very softly) I'd like you to meet my grandfather. Jack turns the engine off.
7) 0) text: Sally leads him into her house.
7) 1) dialog: He's kind of an old codger... just take him with a grain of salt.
8) 0) text: A meat cleaver THWACKS down into a wooden cutting board a straight up. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sally's Grandfather, who was cooking when they came in. He is at least 75 years old, and is we dark blue Chinese silk jacket.
8) 3) dialog: They might not have stopped at the money, Grandfather.
8) 7) dialog: Grandfather! The Grandfather looks at Sally, sighs, and then examines closely.
8) 17) dialog: Grandfather, what are you doing? I invited Jack in to thank him.
8) 24) dialog: I... Grandfather?
8) 27) dialog: Jack, don't go! Jack is already at the door and opening it. He tosses the back into the room. Sally runs after him, giving Grandfat very dirty look. He just smiles an innocent smile that sa protecting you, my dear."
9) 0) text: Sally pushes open the door of her house, but Jack is alre his Jeep and driving away. She watches him drive away, then raises her face to the s
37) 0) text: Sally comes walking up to her house, a piece of paper in It is a playbill advertising the next SuperFights. Jack, as the "All American Hero," is featured prominently ad, which is selling tickets and the pay-per-view coverag looks at the playbill for a long time, remembering Jack a way her Grandfather treated him. Just then, the door to their house opens, and Grandfather expert in ancient Chinese healing arts, is showing an inj PATIENT out of the house. Sally sees her grandfather and quickly folds the playbill smallest possible size, then hides it in her purse. She t into her house.
45) 0) text: Jack is in the ring, facing off against a bigger, faster, opponent, The Mercenary, this time. However, Jack wins ag using his impressive and very distinctive style to beat h In the audience sits Sally, cheering Jack on, anxious for catch a glimpse of her. The Grandfather is sitting with h
49) 0) text: Jack is walking along the riverfront, his hands in his po is absently watching the traffic on the river, and the pe walking around him. Jack walks a little bit more, then notices a man off to o in a little park, going through a martial arts routine. I style Tai Zhi Quan, and the man is obviously an expert. J a little closer for a better look, and realizes that the Sally's Grandfather. Jack smiles and watches the man move. Very athletic, very graceful, with an underlying strength. The man finishes up a particularly intricate set, then go drinks some water out of a bottle.
50) 0) text: It is deserted when Grandfather and Sally drive up in his up pick up truck. They get out and Grandfather looks arou Jack. There is a homeless person sleeping under a paper b some trash barrels, but no Jack. Grandfather shakes his head, angry at Jack, and at himsel
50) 2) dialog: What's the matter, Grandfather?
50) 4) dialog: Jack! Jack turns towards her and smiles.
51) 0) text: Jack and Sally are lined up in the middle of the warehous has some old Chinese training devices in it, as well as miscellaneous boxes, etc.
51) 1) text: The martial arts are about controlling your body, your mind... and your emotions. Jack and Sally look at each other and smile.
52) 0) text: Jack and Sally are eating at a very nice restaurant. We c them through the front plate glass window. A couple of pe up for autographs, but then they are alone.
54) 0) text: Jack and Sally are training together, doing a little spar After they have warmed up a little, Grandfather puts them the paces. He runs Jack through an agility drill, then ho pads for him to hit.
55) 0) text: Jack is sitting and meditating with his eyes closed. Sitt to him is Grandfather, who has his eyes OPEN! Sally is be both, her eyes closed. Jack is having real trouble concentrating. He is shifting position, rolling his head on his shoulders, trying to ge comfortable. He opens his eyes and looks around, and sees Grandfather has his eyes open. He looks at Sally, then back to Grandfather. He then puts out in front of Grandfather, to see if he can see the han No reaction. He does a few more things, then decides he is going to at Grandfather. He prepares a backfist, then lets it fly tow Grandfather's head. Before it can land, however, Grandfather blocks it with o and SLAPS the back of Jack's head with the other.
56) 2) dialog: Didn't start out that way...
56) 4) dialog: I got news for you, he's still looking out for me. She pulls him into a kiss, and it's a major league, passi one.
65) 0) text: Jack is eating dim sum in Chinatown with Sally and Grandf Grandfather and Sally are busy ordering, in Chinese, and is very bored. Jack is sitting there trying to move a can of soda. An am appears for a split second (SFX), and the can jiggles a l Jack is elated.
77) 6) text: Jack, his Mother and Sally are sitting in the living room and getting along famously. The cellular phone in Jack's rings, and he excuses himself.
77) 13) dialog: What's up?
80) 0) text: Budokai, bruised, broken and bloody, is laying on a bed i house. Sally is trying to clean him up, but a great deal has been done. Grandfather pushes her off to the side and lays his hands Budokai's chest. An amber glow comes off his hands as he apply his Qi (SFX), but it won't penetrate.
80) 8) dialog: I'll get her. You stay here and help Budokai. Jack nods and concentrates. Soon, he is completely draine sits down heavily, leaning his head back and closing his
91) 8) dialog: Angel is guarding them, but they all have the same look o faces. They know Jack is losing, and they can't do anythi it. Robert sees that Jack is not completely focused, and that him very angry.
91) 17) dialog: Sally, dazed, shakes her head to clear it, then runs to t junction box. flipping it on and off, blinking the lights during Jack's meditation practice.
91) 18) dialog: Concentrate, Jack. Unbelievably, Jack CLOSES HIS EYES! Robert, shocked, stops for a moment, watching Jack. He then smiles, sensing an easy target. He rears back, re let go with the killing blow. He launches the deadly strike and Jack BLOCKS IT! Without even opening up his eyes! Jack holds Robert's arm in front of his face, then SNAPS open. We know Robert is in trouble now.
91) 19) text: I'm gonna kick your ass. Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack t attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kic punches, knees, elbows. Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away. Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, turns back to Robert. He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beauti spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying. Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and hi puts an arm around him. Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Gr and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole police officers. Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist s Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is. Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smil hits Grandfather in the middle of the back. Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfathe silk jacket. Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him. Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.