10) 0) text: As Betty come in, stands looking around. It is lighted  somewhat dimly. There are a number of small tables,. Ther is a bar but it is only for the use of the waiters. Betty looks around for a vacant table, then starts moving along looking for one. None empty, but at one sits a MAN alone. He is about 35, clean fine drawn type, with a saturnine  expression. He glances up. Betty meets his eyes, starts t turn away. Man indicates the chair opposite him. His mann of doing this is so completely indifferent to her as a  person, that she hesitates.
10) 5) text: She pulls the chair back, sits down. Brandon sits down. H lights a cigarette, doesn't offer her one. She is watchin him, a little puzzled, probably has had very few experien of men not trying to pick her up in such circumstances.  Betty looks around at the scurrying WAITERS who pay no  attention to her yet.
10) 7) text: WAITER turns, sees him, immediately comes to stand at his side.
10) 8) dialog: Yes sir.
10) 9) text: Brandon, without speaking, indicates Betty. Waiter turns  to her.
10) 10) dialog: Yes, Miss.
10) 12) dialog: Sorry, Miss. Beer and ale only.   Canadian law.
10) 14) dialog: Beer or ale, Miss?
10) 16) dialog: Right, Miss.
10) 32) text: Betty suddenly laughs. The waiter brings the glass and th bottle of bass ale, sets them down in front of her. Brand makes a motion and the waiter goes away without collectin
12) 0) text: A big room, with French doors opening on a large terrace. A few couples are dancing outside on the terrace and a fe more inside the room. There is a portable bar at one side of the room and two WAITERS behind it. The dance music is coming from a large Radio-Phonograph. Brandon and Betty  come in. Brandon shuts the door. There are eighteen or  twenty people around, with the usual alcoholic glitter in their eyes and the usual strident voices and exaggerated  laughter.
42) 6) text: He signals a waiter, goes out of shot. Band starts to pla Betty looks out of booth.
42) 14) text: Waiter comes up and serves drinks. Brandon tastes it to  make sure he gets what he orders, nods his head. Betty  seizes glass almost convulsively and takes a long swallow
44) 1) text: Showing desk, elevator bank, guests reading morning paper in chairs. In background the dining room entrance through which can be seen part of the dining room, with waiters  moving back and forth etc. It is breakfast time. Betty  appears in dining room entrance, coming out.