0) 11) dialog: (Spanish) Who the hell are you?! CRASH! A body SMASHES on the ground like a cannon ball, stealing their attention. This one won’t be getting up.
0) 12) dialog: (Spanish) Who the hell is he?! POP, the dead man’s chute unfurls. Too little too late.
0) 14) dialog: (switches to English) Hey! Hey! Where the fuck are you going? Hey!!! He tries to follow, gets tangled in the chute lines. They jerk him back. Curses some more. We leave him to it.
2) 4) dialog: Can someone fucking tell me what the fuck is going on?
3) 6) dialog: I was... working. And then everything just...
3) 15) dialog: Maybe we pissed off the wrong people. Maybe this is punishment.
3) 19) dialog: What _the hell happened to us? On Royce. He’s heard enough.
4) 5) dialog: Freedom. Off Nikolai’s puzzled look, speaking from experience: 11.
4) 6) dialog: Take a monkey out of the cage it’1l miss the bars. Close on a blooming plant. Others pass it. Isabelle pause for a look, taken by its structure. Its pedals are bright, delicate, almost hypnotic in their appearance. She reaches out to touch them... Edwin’s hand intercepts hers.
7) 3) dialog: So?
7) 6) dialog: What are you? Some kind of hunter?
7) 8) dialog: Like lions, tigers and shit? Royce rises. Looks him square in the eye.
8) 0) text: Light’s dimmer now. Sounds seem louder and closer. And mo malevolent. Aching muscles. Sweat stains. The journey is taking its t and it shows. The crew is taking a brief respite. Cuchillo eyes the muddy stream.
8) 1) dialog: Think it’s safe to drink?
12) 13) dialog: We should bury him.
13) 6) dialog: We all have to believe in something. Even the worst of us. Perhaps the worst most of all. Motion in the bushes. They react-- SOMETHING takes flight, swoops over their heads, SCREECHE vanishes in the distance. Whew... Stans begins to unravel.
15) 0) text: Royce CLICKS off the safety on his AA-12 shotgun. Isabelle RACKS the bolt of her rifle. Cuchillo PULLS the slides of his Uzis. 21. Nikolai’s chaingun begins to WHIR. They wait. Louder. Closer...
17) 0) text: Closer... A blur of motion to the left! A shape -- large, lean, fou legs, leathery skin -- LAUNCHES out of bushes, changing colors, chameleon-like. A cross between a tiger, a boar and your worst nightmare. Royce OPENS UP. Short, accurate bursts. Mombasa UNLEASHES with the AK. Hanzo -- three point stance, steady rate of fire, as if he was at a pistol range. Cuchillo’s Uzis BLA All of the above is muted by the ROAR of Nikolai’s chaing Its barrel spits out a foot of flame. Stream of high velo rounds -- every fifth a tracer -- digs into the creature. It SQUEALS as bullets tear it apart. A geyser of black bl Still, it crawls toward them, barbed tail lashing spastically. Nikolai - fuck me -- keeps firing. Finally the monstrosity halts. Marks its killers with cri eyes, as the light in them dims... and expires. More are coming. Could be three, could be six. Hard to te They are swift, vicious, closing in from three directions Our crew -- fight or flee -- flee it is -- retreat toward only avenue of the escape, laying cover fire, re-painting green with black. Still, they come. Stans’s had enough, breaks, vanishes into the jungle. A thing LUNGES for Isabelle, baring rows of jagged teeth. 22. She tracks it, taking her time... and... BAM! A 30. Magnum hollow point BLOWS its head apart mid-a Black mist. It lands, digging a furrow that ends at her feet.
28) 8) dialog: ...Help me! They react.
29) 0) text: The crew emerge. Stop at the edge of a clearing. Cuchillo, his back toward them, head lolling to the side, sits slumped in the center of a barren swath of dead eart 27.
29) 2) dialog: (without turning) Help me! Isabelle steps forward. Royce’s hand stops her
29) 13) dialog: Help me! She snaps up the rifle, aims, FIRES, all in one liquid mo
31) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the barrel. Cuchillo’s body is now on its side. She turns to leave. 29.
31) 1) dialog: Help me. She SPINS back toward--
31) 2) dialog: (almost a taunt) Help me. On Isabelle. She’s seen and dealt death on many occasions She’s rarely been afraid. She is now. Hurries after the others. PREDATOR POV: A view from above. Everything in infrared, sharper, more focused than we’ve ever seen. Isabelle rece in the distance. Panning to Cuchillo. A pool of blood glows around the bod becoming more faint, as it cools. And then a RATTLE. Like rats scampering over broken glass This is not your father’s Predator.
34) 0) text: On Cuchillo, jerking upright. His head swings around, dea eyes staring at us. A blade -- long, sharp, covered in strange runes -- touch the crown of his head, about to scalp him. Off that