3) 0) text: Royce pushes through the foliage. Stops. A shallow creek runs in front of him. To the right, sitti on a rock, his back toward Royce, is a small unassuming m Caucasian, glasses, beige slacks, white T. This is EDWIN. He stares at the water with the wonder and innocence of a child. Turns, taking in Royce and the others. A trickle of blood travels slowly along the side of his f
3) 1) dialog: This is not where I was before.
3) 3) dialog: Oh that. It’s not mine. “Creepy” doesn’t even begin to scratch the surface. Royce takes the reigns. To all:
3) 18) dialog: Some kind of psychotropic compound. Hanzo drifts out of the bushes. Sidelines. A silent nod. They take him in. That dreaded question again:
4) 7) dialog: I wouldn’t do that. She recoils from his touch. Edwin smiles, used to the effect. Flicks out a surgical scalpel. Gingerly extends it toward-- SNAP, the pedals close around the blade like a bear trap.
4) 8) dialog: (a hint of admiration) Archaefructus liaoningensis. Very poisonous. He withdraws the scalpel. Yellow pus drips off the steel.
4) 9) dialog: Very deadly. All it would take is one scratch. A Clarification:
4) 10) dialog: I read a lot. (beat) Strange though.
4) 12) dialog: They have been extinct since the early Cretaceous period. 125 million years ago. Another mystery. They shake it off. Keep walking. 12.
12) 12) dialog: What kind of a weapon does this? This time there’s no answer.
20) 0) text: Isabelle slings the rifle, push-pulls Edwin toward a tree
28) 7) dialog: There are seven of us. Heads turn. Indeed, they seem to be one short. Namely--
36) 5) dialog: (softly) Monsters are real. Isabelle takes a step back. Bumps into Royce. Their eyes meet. In them, he sees something. Fear? Confusion? No. Recognition. The Russian steps forward, chaingun held out. Slowly, carefully he pushes Predator’s head upward with its barre trying to get a better look.
39) 0) text: Royce PLUNGES underwater. Comes up in time to see Isabell and Edwin SPLASH behind him. Stans careens in, SCREAMING. All washed away, fast. Nikolai descends. Disappears. Doesn’t come back up.
41) 1) text: Edwin is pulled through some unseen vortex, Isabelle behi him. HER POV: Edwin jerked to the left, disappears. Beat, and sees where. An underwater tunnel, dark and slimy, like a path to hell 38. And she’s tumbling through it, walls rotating around her jagged rocks, sand, plants, fish, all a blur. An underwater rollercoaster -- nightmarish, dizzying, claustrophobic. Abruptly--
44) 0) text: Nikolai drags himself out of the current. Collapses ina shallow pool set by a white sand beach. Hanzo’s next. Edwin. Stans. Heaving. Drenched. Alive. Isabelle’s fingers grasp rocks, find purchase. She pulls herself in. Suddenly a shadow looms over.
46) 0) text: A form manifests in the foliage. Hanzo, twenty feet off t ground, rests in the crook formed by trunk and limb. Stans is perched on another tree. Edwin, across from him, scrapes moss off the tree onto a leaf. Waiting for dawn. Isabelle clutches the stock of her rifle. Stares out into alien jungle beyond. Her mind elsewhere. Royce. Eyes closed. Asleep. Or so we think. 43.
52) 3) dialog: I have... an issue... with small spaces.
54) 0) text: Isabelle and Edwin are last to arrive. Noland pulls a hea trap door closed behind them, secures it with alloy rods. Turns up a dial on some strange device. Light washes over illuminating-- The space is large and spartan. Thee hatch. A cot next to Makeshift table and bench. Hard living. Everywhere, bits and pieces of gear, some man made, most alien. A scavenger's den. Noland puts down the rifle. As he peels off his Ghillie s
54) 12) dialog: How did you survive this long?
54) 14) dialog: I could eat. Noland nods to an earthen bowl. Edwin peeks inside. Loose his appetite very quickly.
54) 28) dialog: How do you know?
55) 8) dialog: I don’t have one.
55) 10) dialog: I sell life insurance.
55) 12) dialog: I’m afraid that would be a poor investment.
55) 14) dialog: (same flat monotone) Because we’re all going to die. Stans’s smile fades. Isabelle and Royce, in the far corner, apart from the res
55) 28) dialog: Collecting. Off their reactions,
55) 29) dialog: He's a scavenger. What he can, when he can, from whatever he can. Or whomever. He wants what we have. As a confirmation, smoke -- grey-green and thick -- begin pour in through holes in the floor. FUBAR. They react. Some try to cover their mouths. Others attemp plug the vents. Both plans appear futile. Royce -- spur of the movement -- JACKS in a green shell i his shotgun.
68) 0) text: What’s left of our crew -- Royce, Isabelle, Hanzo, Edwin keep moving. 64.
70) 0) text: The screen is a microcosm of leaf, crystal drops of precipitation refracting the moonlight, stone and emerald green moss. We hear the JUNGLE. Some distant BIRDS. HUM o insects. The whisper of the WIND. Royce -- a flash -- streaks into frame. Disturbing no lea breaking no branches, making no sound. Isabelle and Edwin behind him, Hanzo trailing.
86) 1) dialog: It’s just a bird, is it?
86) 5) dialog: I know. Deal with it. They begin to climb, using branches, vines, outcroppings anything they can for purchase. The Falcon continues to circle. We zero in on its eye. Then PULL BACK. Except we’re now--
105) 0) text: Royce drops into frame, descending from the tree. Isabell next. Then Edwin. He takes two steps and--
105) 4) dialog: Like hell.
105) 6) dialog: Guess it’s my lucky day.
105) 12) dialog: I can still walk!
105) 22) dialog: You should have gone with him.
107) 0) text: Isabelle and Edwin are DRAGGED along the jungle floor Captives. The ROAR washes over them. Birds SCREECH. Animals HOWL. I as if the jungle itself is reacting to the creature’s cal Black’s head snaps toward the sound.
109) 0) text: Isabelle and Edwin lie next to the pit, still wrapped in net. Black’s foot pushes them in. We fall with them into--
118) 0) text: The hole is now big enough to wiggle out. Metal tears at Isabelle’s skin, as she pulls herself free. Helps Edwin out. He nods, grateful. 82.
123) 0) text: Isabelle watches as the ship passes overhead. Disappears view. In seconds, all that’s left is a contrail. Edwin steps up next to her, eyes on the sky. Hope -- if there was any left -- is gone.
123) 1) dialog: Beautiful, isn’t it? Isabelle shifts her attention toward him. Edwin’s staring directly at her. 83.
125) 1) dialog: I suppose that’s the difference between you and I. When you look out there, you see nothing but death. I see... home. His hand SHOOTS out, rattle snake fast A cloud of the okra-colored powder washes over her. She steps back, reflexively covering her face. Hands come away, stained with the substance.
125) 3) dialog: A neurotoxin. So many to choose from around here.
127) 0) text: Isabelle backs away, as Edwin circles slowly, keeping clo to the walls of the pit, face partially obscured by the shadows, fingers digging a little divot in the earth.
127) 1) dialog: Don’t worry. It’s not fatal You’1l be able to experience... everything. She stumbles back, grabbing the wall for support.
129) 0) text: Isabelle fumbles for the knife. 85. Edwin takes it away, gently, like a toy from a child, retreats back into shadow, examining the blade as he move
129) 1) dialog: You see, during our time on this planet, I’ve had something of an epiphany. A revelation, if you will, that I intend to share with you.
131) 0) text: Firelight flickers over the pit. Edwin, hidden in the shadows, flashes in and out of vision. A surreal image in surreal setting. ISABELLE’S POV: The walls shimmer, then ripple, then undulate. Edwin’s features twist into a macabre sneer. 86. Advancing slowly toward her, as she backs away:
131) 1) dialog: Back on our world, I’m a murderer. A freak. A monster. But in this place, among other monsters, I am... normal.
132) 0) text: Black fades in and out of invisibility. An eerie echo of Edwin. ITS POV: Obscured, panning. Drowning in the ocean of ther red. Knowing something’s out there, just not what or wher A shape lunges! A flaming log SWINGS! SMASH! Plasma caster is toast. And then Royce is gone once again. A ghost.
133) 1) dialog: I like it here. I want to stay. Her eyes flick about, desperate.
133) 2) dialog: No one is coming. No one’s ever going to come. Knife catches a flash of firelight, glints.
135) 0) text: Edwin cups Isabelle’s face. Caresses it with a knife.
135) 1) dialog: I was right in front of you. Watching you. Earning your trust. Waiting for the right time. But you couldn’t see me. Guess these things aren’t the only ones who can turn invisible.
137) 0) text: Ash cascades into pit like snow. Edwin doesn’t seem to no or mind. An echo of the cave:
137) 1) dialog: Look at me. Look at me. Knife tip pushes up just under her right eye, drawing a single drop of blood.
137) 2) dialog: We’re going to do this together
139) 1) dialog: I could promise you this wouldn’t hurt. But then I would be lying. Isabelle shakes her head, pleading, desperate.
139) 3) dialog: I have to.
142) 1) dialog: I could promise you this wouldn’t hurt. But then I would be lying. She strains to whisper something. Inaudible.
142) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t quite catch that. Ear at her mouth. Three tiny word:
142) 5) dialog: You missed.