17) 0) text: Closer... A blur of motion to the left! A shape -- large, lean, fou legs, leathery skin -- LAUNCHES out of bushes, changing colors, chameleon-like. A cross between a tiger, a boar and your worst nightmare. Royce OPENS UP. Short, accurate bursts. Mombasa UNLEASHES with the AK. Hanzo -- three point stance, steady rate of fire, as if he was at a pistol range. Cuchillo’s Uzis BLA All of the above is muted by the ROAR of Nikolai’s chaing Its barrel spits out a foot of flame. Stream of high velo rounds -- every fifth a tracer -- digs into the creature. It SQUEALS as bullets tear it apart. A geyser of black bl Still, it crawls toward them, barbed tail lashing spastically. Nikolai - fuck me -- keeps firing. Finally the monstrosity halts. Marks its killers with cri eyes, as the light in them dims... and expires. More are coming. Could be three, could be six. Hard to te They are swift, vicious, closing in from three directions Our crew -- fight or flee -- flee it is -- retreat toward only avenue of the escape, laying cover fire, re-painting green with black. Still, they come. Stans’s had enough, breaks, vanishes into the jungle. A thing LUNGES for Isabelle, baring rows of jagged teeth. 22. She tracks it, taking her time... and... BAM! A 30. Magnum hollow point BLOWS its head apart mid-a Black mist. It lands, digging a furrow that ends at her feet.
18) 0) text: With Hanzo, running, pushing through thick foliage. Movement ahead. He swings at-- Royce, his own gun lined on Hanzo. Split second relief. Instantly they shift aim, as one of the beasts appears. Both FIRE. CLICK, Royce runs dry. It hears the sound, knows what it means, heads for Royce, even though Hanzo is closer. 10 feet. Royce dumps the gun. 5. He draws a machete. Almost on top of him. Leaps-- Royce drops under its attack, blade held high. The monster sails over him. WHACK, its momentum splits it open from stem to sternum. Black blood drips off cold steel. 23.
21) 0) text: Two more beeline toward Royce and Hanzo.
23) 0) text: Royce grips the machete tighter. Hanzo DRIVES in a fresh clip. Last stand.
25) 0) text: The other two facing Royce and Hanzo retreat as well.
28) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the gun. Her hand shakes. It takes her a supreme effort of will to steady it. SOUND. She draws-- Then Mombasa and Stans. Royce and Hanzo approach from the other side. 26. Finally, Nikolai, dragging a chewed up carcass behind the Drops it. THUD. Everyone’s too drained to speak. Finally,
39) 2) dialog: His knife slices through the chaingun’s harness. Both men shoot for the surface.
42) 0) text: She pops back up. Royce. Hanzo. The others. PREDATOR POV: The crew -- glowing thermal shapes in churn black water -- glide toward us. And then, inexplicably-- We are airborne, circle over the prey, then accelerate aw That same SCREECHING sound. That’s because we are seeing through the eyes of--
44) 0) text: Nikolai drags himself out of the current. Collapses ina shallow pool set by a white sand beach. Hanzo’s next. Edwin. Stans. Heaving. Drenched. Alive. Isabelle’s fingers grasp rocks, find purchase. She pulls herself in. Suddenly a shadow looms over.
46) 0) text: A form manifests in the foliage. Hanzo, twenty feet off t ground, rests in the crook formed by trunk and limb. Stans is perched on another tree. Edwin, across from him, scrapes moss off the tree onto a leaf. Waiting for dawn. Isabelle clutches the stock of her rifle. Stares out into alien jungle beyond. Her mind elsewhere. Royce. Eyes closed. Asleep. Or so we think. 43.
55) 0) text: Time's passed. Lights are low. Noland's asleep on his cot The crew is arrayed around the cave. Nowhere to go. Nothi to do. Just time to kill. And ponder Hanzo’s eyes take in a pile of weapons in the corner. Som we recognize -- a pump action ten gauge, a katana, a CAR- a flare gun, Dirty Harry’s Magnum. Some whose origins we only imagine. Hanzo picks up the katana. Studies it with reverence. Pul the blade half way out of the scabbard. His eyes are reflected in the steel.
55) 1) dialog: This is old. Very old. They react, both to the statement and the fact that he’s finally broken his silence.
55) 4) dialog: Yes.
55) 6) dialog: (indicating the missing fingers) Because I talked too much. Nikolai laughs. Not a sound you hear often in this place. Stans chuckles as well. To Edwin:
60) 1) dialog: We stay here, we die. We run, we die.
68) 0) text: What’s left of our crew -- Royce, Isabelle, Hanzo, Edwin keep moving. 64.
70) 0) text: The screen is a microcosm of leaf, crystal drops of precipitation refracting the moonlight, stone and emerald green moss. We hear the JUNGLE. Some distant BIRDS. HUM o insects. The whisper of the WIND. Royce -- a flash -- streaks into frame. Disturbing no lea breaking no branches, making no sound. Isabelle and Edwin behind him, Hanzo trailing.
84) 2) dialog: The more they chase us, the weaker we get.
85) 0) text: Star splattered sky. Grass sways in the breeze. Four silhouettes, seen from afar, move through it. One STOPS. Royce glances back. Hanzo stands in the center of the clearing. Tired of runn Looks at the survivors. A simple nod. All they can do is keep going. Slowly, meticulously Hanzo removes his shirt. Folds it neatly. Lays down on the ground. Just like the shoes. The body beneath covered in irezumi. Full body Yakuza tattoos. Dragon. Tiger. Images of violence made somehow beautiful through art. He unsheathes the katana. Holds it loosely, blade pointed downward, Takakura Ken style. He waits. Over his shoulder, as Second Super approaches. Targeting beam triangulates Hanzo’s face. Then drops down toward the tattoos. SUPER’S POV: Data, first on the man -- vital organs musculoskeletal structure, nervous system -- then on the blade -- measurements, chemical composition -- scrolls. Hanzo waits. The beam disappears. Slowly the Super unstraps its caster. It THUDS on the gro Walks towards Hanzo, picking up pace, as he goes. SNAP. SNAP. Twin WRIST BLADES -- acid etched alien steel covered by glyphs and kill notches -- extend. Two master swordsmen from different sides of the galaxy. 69. Super charges. A freight train. Hanzo stands his ground. IMPACT. Steel on steel. Sparks fly. A flurry of moves -- slashes, stabs, blocks and counterattacks -- too dazzling comprehend -- a dance of death, a duel of equals. They disengage. Circle. Looking for openings. Suddenly lunge. CLASH. Swords LOCK, GRIND along each othe The eyes of their owners are linked as well. Slivers of metal SHEER. A shower of sparks. Super flexes its massive arms, driving Hanzo back. SLASH! A line of red wells across Hanzo’s shoulder. Super flicks off its opponent’s blood. Hanzo nods. Switches his stance. High guard. Super considers. His own blade hangs low. Hanzo adjusts his grip. Shifts his balance. A coiled spri SUPER’S POV: Computer calculates Hanzo’s weight dispersal Muscle tension. Predicting where he’s going to strike nex They charge toward one another. A BLUR of steel, as they pass. SWISH! SLASH! Then stop. Beat. We can’t tell who got whom. Until... Super gurgles black blood. Slides apart, split from shoul to thigh. Hanzo DRIVES his sword into the ground. An echo of Kurosa His hand on the hilt. Blood flows freely down the wrist. He looks up at the sky. Collapses. A beautiful death. 70.