2) 0) text: Parachutes strewn about. NIKOLAI, a frightening bear of a in VDV fatigues with no identity badges or insignias, arm with GShG-7.62 -- a four barreled gas powered rotary mach gun, its barrel still smoking -- is yelling in Russian at ISABELLE, jeans and button down shirt, pretty if she ever bothered to smile, her own Heckler & Koch PSG1 sniper rif pointed at the big man, as she yells back in French. What we have here is a failure to communicate. Heads and weapons turn to Royce, as he appears. Both yell him for a change. He raises his hands, indicating intention rather than surrender.
2) 5) dialog: (keying on the same thing Royce did) Water. She starts after Royce.
3) 2) dialog: You’re bleeding. Edwin’s fingers come away red and wet. He studies them absentmindedly.
3) 8) dialog: ...What the hell happened to us? On Stans. A thought forming. Doesn’t happen often.
3) 11) dialog: Last I checked, you didn’t need a parachute to get there. Good point. Still,
4) 11) dialog: How’s that?
7) 0) text: Royce appears in the distance, heading toward us. Suddenl stops, eyes on the ground. Isabelle notes his concern.
7) 1) dialog: What is it?
8) 3) dialog: You got a name? 14. Royce looks at her for a beat.
8) 5) dialog: Isabelle. So. What do you think? He shrugs. In his POV, panning over the faces of their companions, reading them like a coloring book
8) 8) text: Finally returning to Isabelle. A nod toward the sniper ri
8) 10) dialog: Chosen for what?
10) 2) dialog: Three o’clock. 110 yards. Royce is already in motion. Vanishes into the bushes. The rest spread out, follow.
13) 0) text: The crew is on edge, alert, aware of every sound, every s every second. Jungle envelops them from all directions, prehistoric, stark, keeping its secrets. Isabelle sidelines Royce.
13) 1) dialog: Back there. Thank you.
13) 3) dialog: How’s that?
15) 0) text: Royce CLICKS off the safety on his AA-12 shotgun. Isabelle RACKS the bolt of her rifle. Cuchillo PULLS the slides of his Uzis. 21. Nikolai’s chaingun begins to WHIR. They wait. Louder. Closer...
17) 0) text: Closer... A blur of motion to the left! A shape -- large, lean, fou legs, leathery skin -- LAUNCHES out of bushes, changing colors, chameleon-like. A cross between a tiger, a boar and your worst nightmare. Royce OPENS UP. Short, accurate bursts. Mombasa UNLEASHES with the AK. Hanzo -- three point stance, steady rate of fire, as if he was at a pistol range. Cuchillo’s Uzis BLA All of the above is muted by the ROAR of Nikolai’s chaing Its barrel spits out a foot of flame. Stream of high velo rounds -- every fifth a tracer -- digs into the creature. It SQUEALS as bullets tear it apart. A geyser of black bl Still, it crawls toward them, barbed tail lashing spastically. Nikolai - fuck me -- keeps firing. Finally the monstrosity halts. Marks its killers with cri eyes, as the light in them dims... and expires. More are coming. Could be three, could be six. Hard to te They are swift, vicious, closing in from three directions Our crew -- fight or flee -- flee it is -- retreat toward only avenue of the escape, laying cover fire, re-painting green with black. Still, they come. Stans’s had enough, breaks, vanishes into the jungle. A thing LUNGES for Isabelle, baring rows of jagged teeth. 22. She tracks it, taking her time... and... BAM! A 30. Magnum hollow point BLOWS its head apart mid-a Black mist. It lands, digging a furrow that ends at her feet.
17) 1) dialog: Run! She moves, pulling Edwin. Another hellhound gives chase. The rest of the crew spread out. Every man for himself.
20) 0) text: Isabelle slings the rifle, push-pulls Edwin toward a tree
20) 1) dialog: Climb!!! He does. She’s a step behind. And not a moment too soon.. A hellhound EXPLODES into view, as if born out of the jun itself. Tears off a piece of her boot. She grabs a branch. UNLOADS with the handgun. Full clip. Slugs tear into the thing’s head, bounce off the skull, leaving bloody grooves. Don’t improve its looks. Nor do t stop it.
22) 0) text: The monster coils. Vertical leap. Yanks Isabelle off. She falls. Lies there, dazed. Slowly the demon approaches. Teeth dripping saliva. Death incarnate.
24) 0) text: Isabelle reaches for her fallen pistol. The beast lets her. Just keeps advancing. We’re close eno to smell its wet carnivore stink, feel its hot breath... She considers. Points the gun at her own head. About to p the trigger... 25.
28) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the gun. Her hand shakes. It takes her a supreme effort of will to steady it. SOUND. She draws-- Then Mombasa and Stans. Royce and Hanzo approach from the other side. 26. Finally, Nikolai, dragging a chewed up carcass behind the Drops it. THUD. Everyone’s too drained to speak. Finally,
28) 3) dialog: They just... left.
29) 4) dialog: You don’t know that. Royce picks up a rock. Tosses it out into the field. It bounces once. Twice. A SUDDEN blur of steel, as something lashes out from bene the ground. DICES THE STONE TO SMITHEREENS. A chilling, bottomless beat. Like standing on the edge of abyss. And looking down.
29) 11) dialog: ...IT can’t. Royce weighs the moment and her mettle.
31) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the barrel. Cuchillo’s body is now on its side. She turns to leave. 29.
32) 0) text: Royce in the lead, the rest trailing. Isabelle at the rea They push out of jungle. Ten meters above, a barren, rock ridge line looms. They head toward it.
36) 2) dialog: (a whisper) What is this place?
41) 1) text: Edwin is pulled through some unseen vortex, Isabelle behi him. HER POV: Edwin jerked to the left, disappears. Beat, and sees where. An underwater tunnel, dark and slimy, like a path to hell 38. And she’s tumbling through it, walls rotating around her jagged rocks, sand, plants, fish, all a blur. An underwater rollercoaster -- nightmarish, dizzying, claustrophobic. Abruptly--
44) 0) text: Nikolai drags himself out of the current. Collapses ina shallow pool set by a white sand beach. Hanzo’s next. Edwin. Stans. Heaving. Drenched. Alive. Isabelle’s fingers grasp rocks, find purchase. She pulls herself in. Suddenly a shadow looms over.
44) 3) dialog: I don’t know what you’re--
44) 6) dialog: We don’t have a name for what they are. Just a spook story you hear around the campfire. An urban legend. Alien Bogeyman. Trying to make sense of it herself:
44) 7) dialog: ‘87, Guatemala. A rescue team went into the jungle. Spec ops. (MORE)
44) 8) text: ISABELLE(cont 'd) High end. Six men plus a CIA liaison. One made it out. In his debrief he said they came in contact with... something not of this world. He gave a detailed description.
44) 10) dialog: Yes.
44) 12) dialog: It could see in infra red. Heat signatures. He used mud to block his. That’s how he was able to beat it. It wore some kind of camouflage that adjusted to ambient light. Made it nearly invisible in our spectrum.
44) 14) dialog: No one believed him. And then he just... disappeared. Morale of the story:
44) 15) dialog: It hunted and killed his team. One by one. Everybody thinking the same thing:
44) 27) dialog: What makes you think you can fly the ship?
46) 0) text: A form manifests in the foliage. Hanzo, twenty feet off t ground, rests in the crook formed by trunk and limb. Stans is perched on another tree. Edwin, across from him, scrapes moss off the tree onto a leaf. Waiting for dawn. Isabelle clutches the stock of her rifle. Stares out into alien jungle beyond. Her mind elsewhere. Royce. Eyes closed. Asleep. Or so we think. 43.
46) 2) dialog: I won’t make the same mistake with you. Beat.
46) 4) dialog: What happened to you, Royce? What made you so fucked up? He finally opens his eyes. Every word, every syllable of following bought and paid for in full:
47) 0) text: Isabelle nods off. Snaps back to consciousness. HER POV: A breeze sweeps through the jungle. Branches RIP like the surface of a lake after a stone throw, the effec spreading into the distance. Until it reaches-- One particular branch, 250 yards out. It doesn’t move. She reacts, startled, opens her mouth-- Royce’s hand wraps around it. Shakes his head. Lets go. Isabelle snaps up the rifle. HER POV: Night vision. The branch is already gone. 44. She shakes her head. Royce points. Deep in jungle, the faintest sense of motion. She tracks it. HER POV: A glimmer. There one moment, gone the next. CLICK, she drops the safety. Others hear it, react, tensi
49) 0) text: In the trees, everyone’s alert, looking out in different directions, waiting for an attack. A bug lands on Stans’s neck. He crushes it, eyes never leaving the jungle. Isabelle. Glued to the scope. A whisper
49) 1) dialog: Why isn’t it coming?
50) 0) text: On Royce -- running. Fifty yards to his left, a blur, moving parallel, matchin pace. Royce keeps running, leaping logs, ducking low branches. ISABELLE’S POV: Royce, sprinting. Rapid shifts to his pursuer. Now forty yards out and closing. Two trains ona collision course. Back to Royce. He angles left. The hunter adjusts accordingly. ISABELLE’S POV: Its form -- still largely unseen -- strob through the bushes. Too fast to draw a bead on. Royce -- he can hear it approaching -- still, he never lo back, never skips a beat -- just hauls ass. Eight yards out... Six... Isabelle’s finger tenses on the trigger HER POV: Four yards... Two... Royce -- the creature almost upon him. Talons -- long, black, jagged -- SLASH! BANG! Thing’s blown off to the side and out of frame. Royce drops to the ground, exhausted. Isabelle lowers the rifle, her expression unreadable.
51) 5) dialog: I missed.
51) 13) dialog: Wait. Off his look, 48.
51) 14) dialog: Who are you? The sound of his own name seems almost unfamiliar to him:
52) 5) dialog: Look at me. Look at me. He does. Deer in the headlights.
52) 6) dialog: We’re going to do this together Take my hand. Keep moving. One foot in front of the other. Slowly and with supreme effort, Edwin complies.
52) 7) dialog: Good. You’re doing good. They enter--
54) 0) text: Isabelle and Edwin are last to arrive. Noland pulls a hea trap door closed behind them, secures it with alloy rods. Turns up a dial on some strange device. Light washes over illuminating-- The space is large and spartan. Thee hatch. A cot next to Makeshift table and bench. Hard living. Everywhere, bits and pieces of gear, some man made, most alien. A scavenger's den. Noland puts down the rifle. As he peels off his Ghillie s
54) 6) dialog: How long have you been here? Noland motions to a wall. Thousands of lines carved into stone. Thousands of days.
54) 20) dialog: So all this is just for sport?
55) 15) dialog: He's right.
55) 20) dialog: Do you know what I was doing when I was taken? The things I have done? Do you have any idea?
55) 22) dialog: I used to believe that. I used to believe a lot of things. (beat) The trouble with the end justifying the means is that sometimes you get to the end and wonder if it was worth it. And what it was all for. Eyes full of pain.
55) 23) dialog: You said we were chosen. I asked for what. I should have asked why. Midnight of the soul:
55) 24) dialog: It’s because we are predators Royce. Just like them. And going home isn’t going to change that. Beat. Hollow. Crushing. It hangs there. Until,
65) 1) dialog: Can’t say it’s been a pleasure. They gets ready. Closer... Closer... Inside the cave. Which is when Royce rotates his weapon, FIRES! Not at the Super. At the ceiling. We might have a split second to ponder what he has against it. Maybe not. Cause 60. Hundreds, nay, thousands of bats EXPLODE from it in all directions. A screeching maelstrom of motion and wings CRASHES over the Super, veering around it, framing its outline, making it visible once again. SUPER PREDATOR POV: A CACOPHONY of high pitched SQUEALS. practically RIPS APART its ear drums. Targeting system go berserk, locking in on everything and nothing. Super HOWLS in pain, claws at its skull, FIRES blindly. In a word, pandemonium. Amidst all this Royce moves, low and fast, others trailin Some of the bats escape upward. We track their flight pat A natural chimney rises up at a 45 degree angle, previous obscured by the nesting bats. A way out. They rush toward Super recovers. Targets our crew. BAM! Plasma round SCORCHES Nikolai, sends him sprawling. Isabelle spins toward him. Nikolai -- on the ground, hurt bad -- eye contact.
65) 4) dialog: Don’t. Fucking. Touch me. Resumes running. Royce follows. Into the chimney they go. Nikolai remains. Props himself up against the wall. Clutc his chest. Waits... Super de-cloaks into view. 61. Massive. Armored. Unblinking ruby red eyes burn under a ghoulish death mask. A walking nightmare. SNAP, its wrist blade extend, gleaming in low light. Wolverine would be jealous. Drives them into Nikolai’s mid-section. Lifts the big man the ground like a rag doll.
68) 0) text: What’s left of our crew -- Royce, Isabelle, Hanzo, Edwin keep moving. 64.
70) 0) text: The screen is a microcosm of leaf, crystal drops of precipitation refracting the moonlight, stone and emerald green moss. We hear the JUNGLE. Some distant BIRDS. HUM o insects. The whisper of the WIND. Royce -- a flash -- streaks into frame. Disturbing no lea breaking no branches, making no sound. Isabelle and Edwin behind him, Hanzo trailing.
84) 1) dialog: ...They’re running us down.
86) 4) dialog: Let me guess. Heights. He nods. Then, tapping into some hidden reservoir, a hint steel beneath his meek exterior:
92) 0) text: At last they reach the top. Royce looks down. Bushes RIPPLE, as if a small tornado was passing through them. Closing rapidly on their position. Isabelle, just below, reacts to his expression.
92) 1) dialog: Do I want to know?
103) 0) text: Royce -- a simple nod to Isabelle -- keeps moving.
105) 2) dialog: Help me! Royce doesn’t move. She glares. Continues to struggle. Eventually they give j enough for Edwin to pull his leg free. He collapses. She examines the wound. Edwin winces.
105) 3) dialog: Hurts?
105) 5) dialog: Good. Means there’s still blood flowing. Another quarter of an inch, and it would have hit your femoral artery.
105) 10) dialog: Hang on just a fucking second!
105) 15) dialog: We can’t do this! This isn’t right! This isn’t fucking right! He’s one of us! Royce’s calm matches her fury. 76.
105) 17) dialog: Then I guess I am. What are you?
105) 20) dialog: Royce! He slows. Turns. Meaning every word:
105) 21) dialog: You don’t belong here with us. You belong back there. With them. Royce processes this. And then he’s gone, consumed by jungle. Beat.
105) 23) dialog: (simply) I know. She grabs Edwin’s hand, pulls him to his feet
107) 0) text: Isabelle and Edwin are DRAGGED along the jungle floor Captives. The ROAR washes over them. Birds SCREECH. Animals HOWL. I as if the jungle itself is reacting to the creature’s cal Black’s head snaps toward the sound.
109) 0) text: Isabelle and Edwin lie next to the pit, still wrapped in net. Black’s foot pushes them in. We fall with them into--
110) 0) text: They land. HARD. Isabelle cranes her neck, looks up. The walls of the pit tower above her like a silent scream Marked by claws, talons and finger tracks of all shapes a sizes -- a rainbow spatter of dried blood -- left by the pairs of frenzied limbs of those came before her. The earth RUMBLES. Bits of rock and dirt tumble down.
112) 0) text: Isabelle moves one arm. Manages to pull a knife out of he boot. Starts to saw through the mesh. Metal frays. Sounds of the fight above.
115) 0) text: SNAP, a strand of alloy mesh breaks. Isabelle starts sawi through another. The walls are shaking, both with the fury of the battle a and the rising ROAR of the engines.
118) 0) text: The hole is now big enough to wiggle out. Metal tears at Isabelle’s skin, as she pulls herself free. Helps Edwin out. He nods, grateful. 82.
123) 0) text: Isabelle watches as the ship passes overhead. Disappears view. In seconds, all that’s left is a contrail. Edwin steps up next to her, eyes on the sky. Hope -- if there was any left -- is gone.
127) 0) text: Isabelle backs away, as Edwin circles slowly, keeping clo to the walls of the pit, face partially obscured by the shadows, fingers digging a little divot in the earth.
129) 0) text: Isabelle fumbles for the knife. 85. Edwin takes it away, gently, like a toy from a child, retreats back into shadow, examining the blade as he move
131) 0) text: Firelight flickers over the pit. Edwin, hidden in the shadows, flashes in and out of vision. A surreal image in surreal setting. ISABELLE’S POV: The walls shimmer, then ripple, then undulate. Edwin’s features twist into a macabre sneer. 86. Advancing slowly toward her, as she backs away:
135) 0) text: Edwin cups Isabelle’s face. Caresses it with a knife.
139) 2) dialog: You don’t want to do this.
139) 4) dialog: No. You don’t understand. And then something... changes in Isabelle’s eyes. Something not quite human. Rippling under the skin. As if some unseen creature is stirring within. And then Edwin knows terror. Off his scream,
141) 0) text: On Black Super’s smoking form. Pull back to Isabelle, staring down at it. Royce stands to the side in the ash covered camp, looking over burnt trees and dead jungle, toward the horizon.
141) 2) dialog: I might have a few.
142) 3) dialog: So would I. Something flashes in her hand, drawn from Edwin’s breast pocket. HIS SCALPEL.
142) 6) dialog: I didn’t. A thin line of blood wells up on his neck. Nothing more t a paper cut. In his own words:
142) 7) dialog: Very poisonous. Very deadly. All it would take is one scratch. On Edwin, comprehension dawning. And then... The poison from the plant -- still coating the edge of th scalpel -- hits him like a ton of bricks. His core temperature rising. Neurons firing. Brain boiling inside own skull. Blood seeps from his eyes, lips, nose. 92. He SCREAMS. Convulses. Doesn’t go gentle into that good night. All the torment inflicted upon his untold victims is visi upon Edwin ten fold.
144) 0) text: A newly born sun peeks over the horizon. The long night - and the terror it brought - are finally over. The camp. Or rather what’s left of it. Smoldering. Decima Post appocalytic. The body of the Black Super Predator hangs off the totem, spike driven through the side of its head. Poleaxed. Royce and Isabelle sit at the base of the monument. Bleed Battered. 12 rounds. Still standing. Nothing is said. Nothing needs to be said. Silence. Cut short by-- Ground begins to vibrate, barely perceptible at first. Growing stronger, rising in intensity and volume. 93. As if a freight train was coming toward them. Slowly Royce stands up. Isabelle alongside him. Ready for whatever comes next. Dust and ash swirl all around, obscuring vision in all directions. Then the cloud settles, revealing--