2) 3) dialog: (African accent; cold) Put down your weapons. Or he dies. The confused group take one another in with weary eyes. Paranoia. Panic. A hairline away from a trigger pull. Nikolai is about to say something. Royce motions for him keep quiet. Royce doesn’t talk. He listens. And then he’s moving again. Cuchillo emerges out of the bushes. Surveys the new arriv
2) 6) dialog: I said I’m going to cut his throat. Nikolai ignores him, follows. Cuchillo is not far behind. Mombasa looks after. Realizes the futility of his threat. Shoves Stans aside. Mombasa. Stans. Looks exchanged. The kind that promise “ isn’t over”. Mombasa strides off in the same direction. Stans backstab him with a glare. Weighs his options. Trails after. We linger on the now empty clearing. A figure steps out of the bushes. Has been there the enti time. Name’s HANZO. Japanese, slender, dark suit, white shirt, Beretta 92FS in a worn shoulder holster. Look clos and you’1l see he’s missing two finger tips on his left h Considers. Walks after the others. SQUISH, his dress shoes sink into mud. Hanzo -- utterly undeterred -- takes them off. Then the socks. Lays down the items neatly on the ground. Resumes journey. We stay on the shoes.
3) 14) dialog: (with conviction) I’m real. That fall was real. (clutching his AK-47) This is real.
8) 12) dialog: Aircraft?
10) 0) text: View from the trees, looking down as the crew approaches. They descend into a ravine. Slow, treacherous going. Mombasa’s foot snags something. He trips, falls. Stans brushes past. Grins.
12) 3) dialog: We tripped a dead man’s trap.
12) 17) dialog: ...Nothing. He moves on. Royce looks after. Then follows. 19.
13) 10) dialog: I’m ready to die. Are you? CLICK. That was Mombasa’s 45. Hammer cocked. Pointed at Stans’s heart. A standoff.
17) 0) text: Closer... A blur of motion to the left! A shape -- large, lean, fou legs, leathery skin -- LAUNCHES out of bushes, changing colors, chameleon-like. A cross between a tiger, a boar and your worst nightmare. Royce OPENS UP. Short, accurate bursts. Mombasa UNLEASHES with the AK. Hanzo -- three point stance, steady rate of fire, as if he was at a pistol range. Cuchillo’s Uzis BLA All of the above is muted by the ROAR of Nikolai’s chaing Its barrel spits out a foot of flame. Stream of high velo rounds -- every fifth a tracer -- digs into the creature. It SQUEALS as bullets tear it apart. A geyser of black bl Still, it crawls toward them, barbed tail lashing spastically. Nikolai - fuck me -- keeps firing. Finally the monstrosity halts. Marks its killers with cri eyes, as the light in them dims... and expires. More are coming. Could be three, could be six. Hard to te They are swift, vicious, closing in from three directions Our crew -- fight or flee -- flee it is -- retreat toward only avenue of the escape, laying cover fire, re-painting green with black. Still, they come. Stans’s had enough, breaks, vanishes into the jungle. A thing LUNGES for Isabelle, baring rows of jagged teeth. 22. She tracks it, taking her time... and... BAM! A 30. Magnum hollow point BLOWS its head apart mid-a Black mist. It lands, digging a furrow that ends at her feet.
19) 2) dialog: Looking good there, boss. 24.
27) 0) text: Stans clutches his bleeding shoulder, locks eyes with Mombasa. Unspoken question.
27) 1) dialog: Any other day, any other place. Pause.
27) 2) dialog: But, bad as you’re, those things whatever they are... are worse.
28) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the gun. Her hand shakes. It takes her a supreme effort of will to steady it. SOUND. She draws-- Then Mombasa and Stans. Royce and Hanzo approach from the other side. 26. Finally, Nikolai, dragging a chewed up carcass behind the Drops it. THUD. Everyone’s too drained to speak. Finally,
28) 1) dialog: What the hell are these things?
29) 7) dialog: ...We all have. Pause.
35) 4) dialog: Now what? In response, Royce points to a jungle matted hillock in t distance. In its center, breaking the tree line, something vertical tall. Something... unnatural.
36) 8) dialog: ...Nothing. They relax. Mombasa doesn’t. Eyes wide with confusion. 34.
36) 9) dialog: ... That wasn’t me. With no warning-- A CLOAKED SPEAR -- visible only thanks to the red chalk outline of Mombasa's blood -- BURSTS out of his chest, dr right through him from behind. His blood paints Stans’s face. Mombasa’s finger depresses the trigger, a dying reflex. H AK BELCHES lead on full auto. The other react, panic FIRE. The fury of their weapons surges in the direction of the attack, riddling the camp and the jungle. Crucified Predator adds its ROAR to the CACOPHONY. There’s nothing to shoot at. Not even the classic Predato shape. Just a faint shimmer. Firing stops. They back away -- more of a herd than a uni