0) 2) dialog: This is not how I would do it. But it’s how they wanted it done. He lights a match against his finger. Tosses it into the spreading puddle. Walks away without looking back. WHOOSH! The man lights up like a bonfire. SCREAMS as he b alive. Royce keeps walking.
0) 6) dialog: Eyes snap open, disoriented, panicked. Mind behind them races, coming back online, trying to regain its bearings. Discovering that he is--
0) 8) text: Royce CRASHES through the double canopy at a 45 degree an BASHING against trunks, CLIPPING branches, before finally Hitting the ground. HARD. Beat. Royce climbs to his feet. Tries to steady his ragge breathing. Uncouples the chute’s harness with shaky finge Takes in his surroundings. He’s in a small clearing framed by monstrous tropical tre plants and bushes, obscuring vision in all directions. Sh of light stream from openings in the foliage a hundred fe above. The steady BUZZ of insects, punctuated by occasion CRIES of birds and monkeys, breaks the eerie silence. It’s haunting. Humid. And hot as hell. Royce stares in a state of shock. One question:
0) 9) dialog: What the fuck? CRASH! A chute-laden figure duplicates Royce’s descent.
1) 0) text: With Royce, slicing through thick vegetation toward voice panicked, SHOUTING in languages we don’t understand.
2) 0) text: Parachutes strewn about. NIKOLAI, a frightening bear of a in VDV fatigues with no identity badges or insignias, arm with GShG-7.62 -- a four barreled gas powered rotary mach gun, its barrel still smoking -- is yelling in Russian at ISABELLE, jeans and button down shirt, pretty if she ever bothered to smile, her own Heckler & Koch PSG1 sniper rif pointed at the big man, as she yells back in French. What we have here is a failure to communicate. Heads and weapons turn to Royce, as he appears. Both yell him for a change. He raises his hands, indicating intention rather than surrender.
2) 1) dialog: Easy. Branches CRACK. Leaves rain down. All spin toward the sou Fifteen feet above STANS -- shaved head, scorpion tattoo his neck, orange jumpsuit with the faded words “San Quent stenciled into the fabric -- is cutting through the lines his chute with a prison shiv. Drops. Lands on his feet like a cat. Backs away from the others, feral, stabbing at the air.
3) 0) text: Royce pushes through the foliage. Stops. A shallow creek runs in front of him. To the right, sitti on a rock, his back toward Royce, is a small unassuming m Caucasian, glasses, beige slacks, white T. This is EDWIN. He stares at the water with the wonder and innocence of a child. Turns, taking in Royce and the others. A trickle of blood travels slowly along the side of his f
3) 4) dialog: Last thing you remember?
3) 20) dialog: It doesn’t matter. It happened. They look toward him, eager for solutions, for answers, f something, anything, to make sense again. Brass tacks: 10.
3) 21) dialog: water means life. There might be a camp or a village down stream. They move down the creek. Together. For the moment.
4) 0) text: Sun beats down without mercy. The stream -- wider now -- to the left, as Royce, on point, hacks a path through lus vegetation with even, surgeon-like strokes. The rest of the crew is spread out behind him. All around them a jungle labyrinth, towering and vast SOUNDS, shadows, the sense of something just outside of o field of vision. Something dangerous. Stans keeps glancing up, hunched over, uncomfortable, as feeling the weight of the open space on his shoulders.
4) 3) dialog: That way. Twenty klicks. You should start now. Stans bristles, stalks away.
7) 0) text: Royce appears in the distance, heading toward us. Suddenl stops, eyes on the ground. Isabelle notes his concern.
7) 2) dialog: Tracks. Faint outlines you and I would miss. Royce kneels by them
7) 4) dialog: So I’ve never seen them before. He touches the ground, trying to determine what creature could have made them. Almost to himself:
7) 5) dialog: ...Fresh.
7) 7) dialog: Some kind.
7) 9) dialog: No. Like you. 13. He resumes the trek. Hanzo is last. Leans over the current. Splashes some H20 his face. HIS POV, obscured by the dripping water: Jungle across th river. Something moves. Quick. Like a spectre. And then i gone. Hanzo stares. Off his expression
8) 4) dialog: ...Royce.
8) 6) dialog: Spetsnaz, Alpha Group. Los Zeta, cartel enforcer. RUF, Sierra Leone death squad. Yakuza, Inagawa-kai. Former FBI’s Most Wanted. Settling on Edwin, who’s raptly examining a beautiful mon butterfly that’s landed on his arm:
8) 7) dialog: That.
8) 9) dialog: And you. (beat) I’d say we were chosen. Silence. It hangs there. Like a noose.
11) 0) text: With Royce, moving, fast, soundless, light. He’s at his b now -- alone.
12) 0) text: He crests a small ridge. Stops. Stares. We spin around, u Royce as a pivot, revealing the object of his attention.
12) 4) dialog: Two days. Maybe three. Cuchillo crosses himself, a reflex. Nikolai leans over the body. Sizes him up in a glance.
12) 8) dialog: He wasn’t. He was hunting something else. Something a lot bigger. All eyes on him.
12) 9) dialog: The trunk was a deadfall trap. Rule of thumb, the weight is at least five times heavier than that of the target animal.
12) 11) dialog: No idea. But whatever it was, it came through the trip wires. And did this to him. 18. He points to the SEAL’s decimated chest.
12) 14) dialog: (cold) Why? He’s dead. He strides away. Nikolai takes off his jacket. Covers the corpse. Soldier soldier. One by one, they trail off. Mombasa is last. Suddenly sto Slowly he turns back. Freezes, staring into the jungle. A sensing something within its depths. Something he can’t name or see. Watching. Waiting... A shimmer in the foreground. Like a heat wave dancing off pavement of a desert highway. A branch sways. Except there’s no wind.
12) 15) dialog: What is it? Mombasa is jerked back to reality. Eyes on Royce, pupils dilated, a man snapping out of a trance.
12) 16) dialog: What did you see?
13) 0) text: The crew is on edge, alert, aware of every sound, every s every second. Jungle envelops them from all directions, prehistoric, stark, keeping its secrets. Isabelle sidelines Royce.
13) 2) dialog: (simple and direct) You’re wrong about me.
13) 4) dialog: You think I’m a decent guy who'll be there for you when push comes to shove. I’m not. And I won’t be. I didn’t save you. I just needed another gun. She nods, accepting the terms. They keep moving. Drift of them to-- Cuchillo clutches a rosary, lips moving in a silent praye
15) 0) text: Royce CLICKS off the safety on his AA-12 shotgun. Isabelle RACKS the bolt of her rifle. Cuchillo PULLS the slides of his Uzis. 21. Nikolai’s chaingun begins to WHIR. They wait. Louder. Closer...
17) 0) text: Closer... A blur of motion to the left! A shape -- large, lean, fou legs, leathery skin -- LAUNCHES out of bushes, changing colors, chameleon-like. A cross between a tiger, a boar and your worst nightmare. Royce OPENS UP. Short, accurate bursts. Mombasa UNLEASHES with the AK. Hanzo -- three point stance, steady rate of fire, as if he was at a pistol range. Cuchillo’s Uzis BLA All of the above is muted by the ROAR of Nikolai’s chaing Its barrel spits out a foot of flame. Stream of high velo rounds -- every fifth a tracer -- digs into the creature. It SQUEALS as bullets tear it apart. A geyser of black bl Still, it crawls toward them, barbed tail lashing spastically. Nikolai - fuck me -- keeps firing. Finally the monstrosity halts. Marks its killers with cri eyes, as the light in them dims... and expires. More are coming. Could be three, could be six. Hard to te They are swift, vicious, closing in from three directions Our crew -- fight or flee -- flee it is -- retreat toward only avenue of the escape, laying cover fire, re-painting green with black. Still, they come. Stans’s had enough, breaks, vanishes into the jungle. A thing LUNGES for Isabelle, baring rows of jagged teeth. 22. She tracks it, taking her time... and... BAM! A 30. Magnum hollow point BLOWS its head apart mid-a Black mist. It lands, digging a furrow that ends at her feet.
18) 0) text: With Hanzo, running, pushing through thick foliage. Movement ahead. He swings at-- Royce, his own gun lined on Hanzo. Split second relief. Instantly they shift aim, as one of the beasts appears. Both FIRE. CLICK, Royce runs dry. It hears the sound, knows what it means, heads for Royce, even though Hanzo is closer. 10 feet. Royce dumps the gun. 5. He draws a machete. Almost on top of him. Leaps-- Royce drops under its attack, blade held high. The monster sails over him. WHACK, its momentum splits it open from stem to sternum. Black blood drips off cold steel. 23.
21) 0) text: Two more beeline toward Royce and Hanzo.
23) 0) text: Royce grips the machete tighter. Hanzo DRIVES in a fresh clip. Last stand.
25) 0) text: The other two facing Royce and Hanzo retreat as well.
28) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the gun. Her hand shakes. It takes her a supreme effort of will to steady it. SOUND. She draws-- Then Mombasa and Stans. Royce and Hanzo approach from the other side. 26. Finally, Nikolai, dragging a chewed up carcass behind the Drops it. THUD. Everyone’s too drained to speak. Finally,
28) 4) dialog: (grim) No. The whistle. They were called. They digest, minds reeling. Refusing to comprehend.
28) 6) dialog: Pets. Bloodhounds, maybe. Beat. What comes next is a chilling observation, even mor disturbing than the previous discovery.
29) 3) dialog: It’s a trap.
29) 10) dialog: We leave him. He turns.
29) 12) dialog: Then it’s on you. Angles back into the jungle. One by one, the others pull away, follow in silent agreement. A decision they all hav live with. We stay on Isabelle. Her eyes. Something welling behind t Her entire being is wrecked with silent tension. Until,
30) 0) text: The GUNSHOT washes over them. A few react. Royce doesn’t. Just puts one foot in front of the other.
32) 0) text: Royce in the lead, the rest trailing. Isabelle at the rea They push out of jungle. Ten meters above, a barren, rock ridge line looms. They head toward it.
33) 0) text: Slowly, as if clawing his way out of the ground after bei buried alive, Royce appears over the horizon. The others step up next to him. All stare out at the view before them, silent, their expressions unreadable. THEIR POV: Sky as far as the eye can see. Below it, jungl stretches out for miles in every direction. 30. Beyond it, visible in the great distance, are massive, angular chunks of an alien planet, floating in space. A dying, shattered world. Kansas it ain’t.
35) 3) dialog: The dogs were flushing us. He is bait. We’re being hunted. A grim beat, as they process their probable fate. Finally
35) 5) dialog: There.
37) 0) text: With Royce, sprinting, as if hell itself was on his heels which, in many ways, it is -- others doing same, as the jungle’s literally SHREDDED behind them, bushes disintegrating, leaves turning to pulp, wood into splinte To Royce’s left, seen only in silhouette and for the brie of moments, we catch a glimpse of an alien ship -- burnis angular steel, lethal, sleek and intimidating. Everyone else is running blind, stumbling, falling, picki themselves up, living from one breath to the next. RAT TAT TAT TAT TAT, the slugs cut through the base of a massive tree trunk like a scythe. Timber!... Its falling shadow eclipses our guys -- the arc of the bullets swings toward them -- crushed or shot, pick your poison -- OH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-- The ground before them disappears, and they
39) 0) text: Royce PLUNGES underwater. Comes up in time to see Isabell and Edwin SPLASH behind him. Stans careens in, SCREAMING. All washed away, fast. Nikolai descends. Disappears. Doesn’t come back up.
42) 0) text: She pops back up. Royce. Hanzo. The others. PREDATOR POV: The crew -- glowing thermal shapes in churn black water -- glide toward us. And then, inexplicably-- We are airborne, circle over the prey, then accelerate aw That same SCREECHING sound. That’s because we are seeing through the eyes of--
44) 1) dialog: Yanks her to her feet. Hand on her throat. Cold fury.
44) 2) dialog: You knew.
44) 4) dialog: Yes, you do. In that camp, the way you looked at that thing. You knew. Others approach. Stare. Her eyes search for support. Find none.
44) 5) dialog: What_the hell are they? Beat. A long one.
44) 9) dialog: (re: her earlier reaction) The thing on the totem.
44) 11) dialog: What else?
44) 13) dialog: What happened to the survivor?
44) 18) dialog: It wants you to run. Lets them process this.
44) 19) dialog: We wait here. Survive the night. Tomorrow we go back.
44) 21) dialog: It had a ship.
44) 24) dialog: (stone cold) It bleeds.
44) 26) dialog: If it bleeds, we can kill it. Beat. 42.
44) 28) dialog: I can’t. But that thing hanging on the pole might. Looks exchanged. The kind that say “you are fucking nuts”
46) 0) text: A form manifests in the foliage. Hanzo, twenty feet off t ground, rests in the crook formed by trunk and limb. Stans is perched on another tree. Edwin, across from him, scrapes moss off the tree onto a leaf. Waiting for dawn. Isabelle clutches the stock of her rifle. Stares out into alien jungle beyond. Her mind elsewhere. Royce. Eyes closed. Asleep. Or so we think. 43.
46) 1) dialog: Cuchillo. You did the right thing. But you wasted a bullet. She incinerates him with a glare.
46) 3) dialog: What was his name? The man you left behind? She doesn’t answer. He doesn’t expect her to. Then,
46) 5) dialog: It’s always a jungle. You’re either predator. Or prey. A hanging beat. Neither one looks at the other. Off that,
47) 0) text: Isabelle nods off. Snaps back to consciousness. HER POV: A breeze sweeps through the jungle. Branches RIP like the surface of a lake after a stone throw, the effec spreading into the distance. Until it reaches-- One particular branch, 250 yards out. It doesn’t move. She reacts, startled, opens her mouth-- Royce’s hand wraps around it. Shakes his head. Lets go. Isabelle snaps up the rifle. HER POV: Night vision. The branch is already gone. 44. She shakes her head. Royce points. Deep in jungle, the faintest sense of motion. She tracks it. HER POV: A glimmer. There one moment, gone the next. CLICK, she drops the safety. Others hear it, react, tensi
49) 2) dialog: ...It’s waiting. She glances at him. Shakes her head. She doesn’t have a s And they can’t sit here forever. Beat. Slowly Royce puts down his weapon. Ammo. Side arm. Lighte the load. Isabelle. Royce. Reading one another
49) 3) dialog: Don’t miss.
50) 0) text: On Royce -- running. Fifty yards to his left, a blur, moving parallel, matchin pace. Royce keeps running, leaping logs, ducking low branches. ISABELLE’S POV: Royce, sprinting. Rapid shifts to his pursuer. Now forty yards out and closing. Two trains ona collision course. Back to Royce. He angles left. The hunter adjusts accordingly. ISABELLE’S POV: Its form -- still largely unseen -- strob through the bushes. Too fast to draw a bead on. Royce -- he can hear it approaching -- still, he never lo back, never skips a beat -- just hauls ass. Eight yards out... Six... Isabelle’s finger tenses on the trigger HER POV: Four yards... Two... Royce -- the creature almost upon him. Talons -- long, black, jagged -- SLASH! BANG! Thing’s blown off to the side and out of frame. Royce drops to the ground, exhausted. Isabelle lowers the rifle, her expression unreadable.
51) 0) text: Royce stands over the slain monster, doubled over, suckin wind. The others approach.
51) 4) dialog: Good shot, anyway. She ignores him. Checks the tree trunk next to the corpse A ragged hole in it. The confirmation she needed.
51) 10) dialog: Fucked. How about you? Beat. The barrel pulls away. Jungle seems to shift. A camouflaged form, composed of le and vines, steps forward. The ultimate Ghillie suit. The that hunters wear to blend into their surroundings. Its hood is pulled back to reveal-- NOLAND. 60’s. Hard open face, battered by elements and ag Scars. Burn marks. It’s not the years, it’s the mileage.
52) 4) dialog: Deal with it. Edwin tries. Can’t. Shaking, on the verge of hyperventilating -- his creepy c veneer cracking like ice -- at the moment he’s nothing bu stranger in a strange land, stranded, scared, pathetic. More drops fall. The ground smolders. If Edwin stays outs he’s toast. Isabelle takes pity. Steps back out.
54) 18) dialog: They stock it.
54) 23) dialog: How do we stop them?
54) 25) dialog: They've got to have a weakness.
55) 2) dialog: They’ve been doing this for a long time.
55) 16) dialog: Not me. I’m going home.
55) 18) dialog: Earth.
55) 21) dialog: You did what you had to do.
55) 25) dialog: Where’s Noland? Heads turn to the cot. Empty. Royce moves to the hatch, tries to pull it open. No dice, it’s sealed from the other side. 56.
55) 26) dialog: Noland! NOLAND! No response.
55) 30) dialog: Get down.
55) 32) dialog: Now! Everyone dives for cover. BOOOM! That was a Frag-12 round. Effectively turning the shotgun into a rocket launcher.
58) 2) dialog: Calling in the cavalry.
60) 0) text: Royce and the others crouch by the hatch. Smoke still billows, then shifts, as something approaches from the ot side. 58. Wait for it... Wait for it... WHAM, WHAM, WHAM, the Super RAMS the door. Hatch BUCKLES inward. Rivets POP. The thing barely hangs in its hinges. They back away, guns trained on the entrance. And then the attack ceases, as abruptly as it began. They trade glances.
60) 2) dialog: You talk too much. He grabs a flare gun. Sticks it into the breach. Pulls th trigger.
62) 0) text: And we’re running again. Twisting and turning corridors o jagged rock, illuminated only by the tactical flashlight mounted on Royce’s shotgun.
64) 0) text: With the crew, sprinting like their lives depend on speed the moment, they do. FOOTFALLS behind them. Royce and Nikolai, at the rear, lay cover fire. Muzzles flash. Slugs spark and ricochet off stone. They run some more. Spread out. Tighten up. Always in mot Stop and you die. Walls glisten with condensation. Close in. So does the demon behind them. Ahead, the passage drops down into darkness. They keep going, blind, slipping down the slime covered incline, into--
65) 2) dialog: (to Isabelle) Come on! Nikolai simply shakes his head. Then looks away. Royce grabs her. She doesn’t move. A thousand miles away.
65) 3) dialog: Come on, damn it! She snaps back to reality. Shoves Royce aside.
66) 0) text: With out guys, shimming upward, as-- World seems to convulse. Rocks shift. Chunks dislodge, fa Royce looks down. HIS POV: Fireball blossoms from below, moving toward them with a concussive ROAR. He barely has time to pull himself over an outcropping an press into a crevice before-- Flame WASHES OVER him -- a flash of fury, heading for the surface. And then it’s gone. Looking up, Royce sees the others. Smoldering. Singed. Bu alive. 62. They keep climbing. We rise above them, through the chimn over the exit, as-- Something STREAKS past the camera. A familiar SCREECH.
67) 0) text: Royce reaches the surface. Collapses. A barren plateau stretches out like an island of stone, surrounded by jungle on all sides. Almost in disbelief:
68) 0) text: What’s left of our crew -- Royce, Isabelle, Hanzo, Edwin keep moving. 64.
70) 0) text: The screen is a microcosm of leaf, crystal drops of precipitation refracting the moonlight, stone and emerald green moss. We hear the JUNGLE. Some distant BIRDS. HUM o insects. The whisper of the WIND. Royce -- a flash -- streaks into frame. Disturbing no lea breaking no branches, making no sound. Isabelle and Edwin behind him, Hanzo trailing.
72) 0) text: A forty yard sheet of rocks. Royce leaps onto it, keeps running.
73) 0) text: Black Super Predator SHIMMERS into view. Scans the area w the clinical detachment of a crime scene forensic. Shifts gaze toward the ground. 65. BLACK SUPER PREDATOR’S POV: Tracks end at the stretch of rock. Exponential magnification in rapid snaps. Times 4. 16. 32. Depressions in the stone. Deviations in topograph “Enemy Of The State” time. But no good track. Which is exactly what Royce intended. Undeterred, Black CYCLES through different vision modes, a camera changing lenses. Ultraviolet. Terahertz. Gamma. Finally settles on-- Chemical sensor. Our heroes’ scent still lingers in the a in the form of their distorted silhouettes. It’s like loo back in time and seeing a pheromone imprint left by the person who occupied the space minutes ago. Black follows it, fading back to invisibility, certain as death and taxes. We understand the game being played. A duel of hunters. Technology against survival skills. Terminator vs. Rambo.
75) 0) text: Royce emerges out of bushes. Swamp to the left. Solid gro to the right. Others stumble behind. Sucking air. Suffering the effects the run. Royce puts his ear to the ground. The thing might be invisible. But it’s not immaterial. And it is heavy. He can sense their pursuer approaching in the distance. Into the swamp they go. Brackish, foul smelling water ris up to meet them.
77) 0) text: Royce and the others push through knee deep water, going fumes and desperation.
81) 0) text: Royce, still on the move, grabs a passing tree limb.
83) 0) text: Royce climbs out onto a muddy embankment, others in tow. Ten yards out, an ocean of tall grass. Savannah. They hea for it.
84) 3) dialog: Persistence hunting. Driving us to exhaustion. Break’s over. 68.
85) 0) text: Star splattered sky. Grass sways in the breeze. Four silhouettes, seen from afar, move through it. One STOPS. Royce glances back. Hanzo stands in the center of the clearing. Tired of runn Looks at the survivors. A simple nod. All they can do is keep going. Slowly, meticulously Hanzo removes his shirt. Folds it neatly. Lays down on the ground. Just like the shoes. The body beneath covered in irezumi. Full body Yakuza tattoos. Dragon. Tiger. Images of violence made somehow beautiful through art. He unsheathes the katana. Holds it loosely, blade pointed downward, Takakura Ken style. He waits. Over his shoulder, as Second Super approaches. Targeting beam triangulates Hanzo’s face. Then drops down toward the tattoos. SUPER’S POV: Data, first on the man -- vital organs musculoskeletal structure, nervous system -- then on the blade -- measurements, chemical composition -- scrolls. Hanzo waits. The beam disappears. Slowly the Super unstraps its caster. It THUDS on the gro Walks towards Hanzo, picking up pace, as he goes. SNAP. SNAP. Twin WRIST BLADES -- acid etched alien steel covered by glyphs and kill notches -- extend. Two master swordsmen from different sides of the galaxy. 69. Super charges. A freight train. Hanzo stands his ground. IMPACT. Steel on steel. Sparks fly. A flurry of moves -- slashes, stabs, blocks and counterattacks -- too dazzling comprehend -- a dance of death, a duel of equals. They disengage. Circle. Looking for openings. Suddenly lunge. CLASH. Swords LOCK, GRIND along each othe The eyes of their owners are linked as well. Slivers of metal SHEER. A shower of sparks. Super flexes its massive arms, driving Hanzo back. SLASH! A line of red wells across Hanzo’s shoulder. Super flicks off its opponent’s blood. Hanzo nods. Switches his stance. High guard. Super considers. His own blade hangs low. Hanzo adjusts his grip. Shifts his balance. A coiled spri SUPER’S POV: Computer calculates Hanzo’s weight dispersal Muscle tension. Predicting where he’s going to strike nex They charge toward one another. A BLUR of steel, as they pass. SWISH! SLASH! Then stop. Beat. We can’t tell who got whom. Until... Super gurgles black blood. Slides apart, split from shoul to thigh. Hanzo DRIVES his sword into the ground. An echo of Kurosa His hand on the hilt. Blood flows freely down the wrist. He looks up at the sky. Collapses. A beautiful death. 70.
86) 0) text: Royce cuts between leafy plants, pushes into a small clearing. Three miles out, the totem. Nearing home stretc A form glides into view. Predator Falcon. That same SCREECHING sound again. Noting Royce’s reaction:
86) 2) dialog: No, it’s not. The master can’t be far behind. Royce casts about, searching for an out. Cover is sparse. They stay on the ground, they’re dead. His gaze travels upward, toward the jungle canopy. Isabel tracks it. Reacts. Shit. And she thought running was bad.
86) 3) dialog: Got a better idea? She doesn’t. Edwin pales a bit.
92) 0) text: At last they reach the top. Royce looks down. Bushes RIPPLE, as if a small tornado was passing through them. Closing rapidly on their position. Isabelle, just below, reacts to his expression.
92) 2) dialog: No. You want to run.
99) 0) text: BAM, BAM, BAM! Royce OPENS UP on the Falcon. It’s forced to evade. Tracer rounds STREAK by.
101) 0) text: The bird dips, trying to recover, coming around for anoth pass. Royce keeps pouring rounds at it. Keeps missing. It’s ducking, weaving, constantly changing altitude, impossible to hit. BOOM! Another blast ERUPTS through the canopy, closer now The concussion knocks Royce back. He loses the shotgun. It plummets below. FALCON’S POV: target lock re-acquired.
103) 0) text: Royce -- a simple nod to Isabelle -- keeps moving.
105) 0) text: Royce drops into frame, descending from the tree. Isabell next. Then Edwin. He takes two steps and--
105) 7) dialog: It isn’t. He doesn’t even look at the wound. He doesn’t have to. 75.
105) 8) dialog: That trap wasn’t meant to kill. Just to maim. Cold hard truth. Both barrels of it:
105) 9) dialog: Leave him.
105) 11) dialog: (to Edwin) No offence. But you’re dead weight.
105) 13) dialog: Not for long. You’1l get winded quickly. You’1l say you don’t need any help. But sooner or later you’11 start lagging behind. Eventually you won’t be able to continue on your own. We’1l feel bad. We’1ll carry you. And then you’11 drag us down with you. Beat. Both know he’s right Royce takes out his handgun. Ejects the clip. Leaving--
105) 14) dialog: One round in the pipe. That’s all you need. He tosses the pistol to Edwin. Isabelle explodes, the total tonnage of everything she’s through in the last 36 hours unleashing like a broken dam
105) 16) dialog: Don’t you get it? This is a trick. Do you think it would stop for one of its own? It wants your compassion. Your pity. To feel something for this man. To be human. Beat.
105) 18) dialog: (an echo of Noland’s line) Alive. Brass tacks:
105) 19) dialog: ...I/m not dying for him. You want to carry him, it’s on you. Starts walking away.
106) 0) text: Moving through it. Shell casings litter the ground. Trees pocked with bullet holes. Earth marred by grenade blasts. A battle zone. Three remaining Predator hunting dogs lunge at the bars o their cages, foaming at the mouth, choking on BARK like vomit, trying to get at someone just beyond their reach. Predator still hangs on the totem. Snaps back to consciousness. PREDATOR POV: Royce standing before him. Close. Too close Picks up an axe from a pile of discarded Predator weapons the thing’s feet. Feels its weight in his hand. Beat.
106) 1) dialog: You understand me? Crucified Predator focuses on him with bloodshot eyes.
106) 2) dialog: I want out. Off world. There’s a ship here. Can you fly it? Crucified Predator studies Royce for a long beat. Then, a nod. Slowly Royce raises the blade... THWACK! He cuts the creature’s bond. THWACK! THWACK! THWA Predator falls to the ground. Moment of truth. 78. Predator rises to his feet. Massive. Imposing, even despi his injuries. Or perhaps because of them. Royce stares at him, tensing, ready to fight and die. And then the thing ROARS! It is a cry ripped from the depths of its soul. Fierce. Primitive. Timeless.
108) 0) text: The space is dark and dormant as a crypt. Bulkheads. Machinery. Grates. Spartan. Efficient. Lived in. CLOSE ON a Lexan panel. A gauntlet covered Predator hand glides along Lights FLICKER on. A WHIR emanates from somewhere deep in the ship’s core. Grows stronger. Holographic display materializes. Star charts cycle through. Finally settling on-- A familiar blue planet. It reflects in Royce’s eyes. Another panel flashes, red, insistent. A second hologram manifests. Ground proximity sensors. On three forms -- one massive, two smaller, entwined -- approaching. Predator hand reaches down. Picks up the original, old sc plasma caster resting on the floor. Lowers it onto his shoulder mount. 79. Caster CLICKS into place. SWIVELS. GRINDS to a halt. Predator SLAMS his shoulder against a bulkhead. Caster swivels again, this time clean, even. Malfunction fixed. Payback time. Predator -- fully armed, fully armored, a warrior restore his former glory -- pushes out toward the exit. Royce looks after. Predator exits the ship, hitting a panel on his way out. The hell that is this planet is erased from view, as the bulkhead SEALS SHUT, leaving Royce very much alone.
113) 0) text: Engines spool up. Everything vibrates. Autopilot begins t countdown. Royce straps himself in. Time to go home.
116) 0) text: Tight on Royce. Last man standing. He’s alive. He made it. Nothing to do now but sit back an enjoy the ride. But victory has a hollow taste...
119) 0) text: On Royce. His eyes. He can walk away. He should. He must.
130) 1) dialog: 
132) 0) text: Black fades in and out of invisibility. An eerie echo of Edwin. ITS POV: Obscured, panning. Drowning in the ocean of ther red. Knowing something’s out there, just not what or wher A shape lunges! A flaming log SWINGS! SMASH! Plasma caster is toast. And then Royce is gone once again. A ghost.
134) 0) text: BLACK’S POV: Frantically cycles through different modes. Audio sensor kicks in. Filtering out the CRACKLING of the fire, the SNAPPING twigs. Until only one sound is left. FOOTSTEPS. 87. Black spins toward the source. Royce -- coming up for another strike -- sees it. Stops c A pin dropping moment. Black peers in Royce’s direction. ITS POV: The audio readout scrolls next to the visual fee The line is flat. Royce stands perfectly still. BLACK’S POV: Audio sensors shift. Exponential magnificati Like a super-powerful zoom lens, only for sound. Times te Times a hundred. And then we hear-- Faint BREATHS, desperately held back. A BEATING HEART. Black fires its wrist blades, like a ballistic knife. Royce ducks. Two projectiles whip by, missing him by this much. The third catches him in the shoulder. He scrambles behind a boulder. Slides against the stone painting it red.
136) 0) text: Royce, behind a boulder, blade protruding from his should Suddenly he’s YANKED off the ground. Black -- inevitable -- SQUEEZES, choking the life out of Royce. 88. Royce grabs the bloody blade. RIPS it out of his own body RAMS into Black’s neck. The thing roars, tosses Royce off to the side. He scrambles back on his feet, runs. BLACK’S POV: Royce’s blood trail glows on the ground, lea away .
138) 0) text: Black -- flickering in and our of view -- follows the tra of Royce’s blood, passing by rows of hanging carcasses. Wood CREAKS under their weight. The blood trail leads to the base of the totem, stops by mound of polished skulls. Terminates abruptly. Black Super turns, head panning, searching. Unaware that-- Behind it, one of the carcasses SHIFTS--
138) 1) dialog: Emerges from within, as if rejected by death itself, a fierce, primitive warrior-- Black spins toward him-- Royce SWINGS a Predator axe! 89. WHAM! Black’s head snaps back. He staggers backward. ITS POV: Hazy, distorted. Different modes strobe by, shuffling by themselves, like a deck of cards. A blur of perspectives. One thing remains constant. Royce is coming at us, axe held high.
140) 0) text: Black’s form careens into frame. It reaches for its gauntlet. Starts PUNCHING in the self destruct code. 90. THWACK! The axe severs the arm at the elbow. The creature HOWLS. ITS POV: The last thing it’1l see on the way to hell is Royce’s axe, as it descends toward it. We stay there for a beat, as Royce, more animal than man drives the axe into the monster over and over and over ag long after it’s dead.
141) 0) text: On Black Super’s smoking form. Pull back to Isabelle, staring down at it. Royce stands to the side in the ash covered camp, looking over burnt trees and dead jungle, toward the horizon.
141) 1) dialog: First time in my life, I don’t have any idea what to do. On Isabelle. A long beat.
143) 0) text: Black’s form careens into frame next to the totem. It reaches for its gauntlet. Starts PUNCHING in the self destruct code. THWACK! The axe severs the arm at the elbow. The creature HOWLS. ITS POV: The last thing it’1l see on the way to hell is Royce’s axe, as it descends toward it. Driving it backward. Into the spikes of the totem. BLACK. FADE IN.
144) 0) text: A newly born sun peeks over the horizon. The long night - and the terror it brought - are finally over. The camp. Or rather what’s left of it. Smoldering. Decima Post appocalytic. The body of the Black Super Predator hangs off the totem, spike driven through the side of its head. Poleaxed. Royce and Isabelle sit at the base of the monument. Bleed Battered. 12 rounds. Still standing. Nothing is said. Nothing needs to be said. Silence. Cut short by-- Ground begins to vibrate, barely perceptible at first. Growing stronger, rising in intensity and volume. 93. As if a freight train was coming toward them. Slowly Royce stands up. Isabelle alongside him. Ready for whatever comes next. Dust and ash swirl all around, obscuring vision in all directions. Then the cloud settles, revealing--