2) 2) dialog: I’m gonna cut you! I’m gonna fucking cut you! And stops, hand wrapped around his mouth, blade pressed firmly against his carotid artery. Their owner, MOMBASA, materializes behind Stans with the silent swiftness of a ghost. Black. Early 20’s. But in th part of the world he comes from, he’s considered old.
3) 7) dialog: Stopped. We pan across their faces.
3) 9) dialog: Waaait. You don’t mean... we could be... dead? That gives everyone pause. Obviously a possibility they haven’t considered. Stans begins to freak out
3) 10) dialog: Holy shit! I’m dead, aren’t I?! I’m dead, and this is hell!
3) 16) dialog: Where I come from, you piss someone off, they stick a shiv in your back. Not dump you in the middle of a jungle.
4) 0) text: Sun beats down without mercy. The stream -- wider now -- to the left, as Royce, on point, hacks a path through lus vegetation with even, surgeon-like strokes. The rest of the crew is spread out behind him. All around them a jungle labyrinth, towering and vast SOUNDS, shadows, the sense of something just outside of o field of vision. Something dangerous. Stans keeps glancing up, hunched over, uncomfortable, as feeling the weight of the open space on his shoulders.
4) 1) dialog: (to Royce) So where’s this village? No response.
4) 2) dialog: Hey! I’m talking to you! Where’s the fucking village? Royce waves toward the jungle.
10) 0) text: View from the trees, looking down as the crew approaches. They descend into a ravine. Slow, treacherous going. Mombasa’s foot snags something. He trips, falls. Stans brushes past. Grins.
10) 1) dialog: Looking good there, boss. A massive tree trunk, suspended by vines, SWINGS toward h like a fist of God! He rolls out of the way, barely. The others scatter, tripping more wires in the process. WHOOSH, WHOOSH, WHOOSH, three makeshift spears spin towar them from as many directions, pincushioning foliage and earth. 16. Cuchillo dodges one, only to trigger the next trap -- a branch, adorned with carved spikes. It LASHES OUT! They duck, the thing passing INCHES above their heads. Isabelle rushes forward, trying to get out of the kill zo Inexplicably PLUNGES straight through the ground-- Into a camouflaged pit. Catches its edge. Hangs there, literally clinging to life by her fingernails. A row of razor sharp Punji sticks await at the bottom. Battling gravity. Losing. Her hold... gives! Royce catches her. Reels her back in. They freeze, eyes and barrels searching for targets. Awai the next attack. Silence. None seems forthcoming. Isabelle raises the rifle, trying to control her breathin HER POV: Scanning... scanning... snapping back toward-- A glint of something.
12) 7) dialog: Just doesn’t make sense. What was he doing setting traps for us?
12) 10) dialog: So what’s the animal?
13) 7) dialog: The fuck was that? Looking around, panic building: 20.
13) 8) dialog: I want a gun! Someone give me a fucking gun! No volunteers. Abruptly Stans lunges. Shiv at Mombasa’s throat, drawing blood.
13) 9) dialog: Gun. Now. He might as well be holding a feather duster.
17) 0) text: Closer... A blur of motion to the left! A shape -- large, lean, fou legs, leathery skin -- LAUNCHES out of bushes, changing colors, chameleon-like. A cross between a tiger, a boar and your worst nightmare. Royce OPENS UP. Short, accurate bursts. Mombasa UNLEASHES with the AK. Hanzo -- three point stance, steady rate of fire, as if he was at a pistol range. Cuchillo’s Uzis BLA All of the above is muted by the ROAR of Nikolai’s chaing Its barrel spits out a foot of flame. Stream of high velo rounds -- every fifth a tracer -- digs into the creature. It SQUEALS as bullets tear it apart. A geyser of black bl Still, it crawls toward them, barbed tail lashing spastically. Nikolai - fuck me -- keeps firing. Finally the monstrosity halts. Marks its killers with cri eyes, as the light in them dims... and expires. More are coming. Could be three, could be six. Hard to te They are swift, vicious, closing in from three directions Our crew -- fight or flee -- flee it is -- retreat toward only avenue of the escape, laying cover fire, re-painting green with black. Still, they come. Stans’s had enough, breaks, vanishes into the jungle. A thing LUNGES for Isabelle, baring rows of jagged teeth. 22. She tracks it, taking her time... and... BAM! A 30. Magnum hollow point BLOWS its head apart mid-a Black mist. It lands, digging a furrow that ends at her feet.
19) 0) text: Stans sprints, branches SLASHING his face and hands. Way giving a shit. Glances back. Foliage RIPPLES behind him. A shape, closing fast. ITS POV: Stans. Breathing, amplified, distorted. Stans pours everything he’s got left in the tank into a hundred yard dash. Checks his tail again. Nothing there. He has a split second to contemplate his luck before-- WHAM, the thing hits him bodily from the front. They roll, kicking up leaves and dirt. Jaws SNAP. He pushes against the beast’s neck with one ha keeping fangs at bay. Drives the shiv into its side with other. Over and over again. With every stab:
19) 1) dialog: Fuck you! Fuck you! FUCK YOU!!! Black blood spatters his jumpsuit. He SCREAMS, as the creature digs its claws into his shoul ripping flesh. Keeps stabbing. Primal. Brutal. Two animals. The only question, who’ll ki the other first. The thing finally overpowers Stans. Angles for his throat WHAM, a boot SMASHES against its head, forcing it to the ground. Barrel to the ear. BOOM! Silence. The monstrosity twitches, colors shifting, fears even near death. Stans looks up. Mombasa looms over.
27) 0) text: Stans clutches his bleeding shoulder, locks eyes with Mombasa. Unspoken question.
28) 0) text: Isabelle lowers the gun. Her hand shakes. It takes her a supreme effort of will to steady it. SOUND. She draws-- Then Mombasa and Stans. Royce and Hanzo approach from the other side. 26. Finally, Nikolai, dragging a chewed up carcass behind the Drops it. THUD. Everyone’s too drained to speak. Finally,
28) 5) dialog: What the hell are you saying? Are you saying these... these things are someone's...
29) 8) dialog: So we leave him, right? Off their looks 28.
29) 9) dialog: I mean, he’s done. There’s nothing we can do. And whoever sent those dog things, he’s out there. Right? For once Stans is right. A confirmation:
35) 0) text: The crew are spread out on the ridge, exactly where we le them. Only Stans faces us, looking away from the alien landscap as though by ignoring it, it might somehow go away, rocki slowly back and forth, muttering:
35) 1) dialog: This is not happening. This is not happening. This is not happening. Edwin takes in the strangeness, the grandeur of it all, t slightest hint of a smile creasing his features. Mombasa, a few paces away, Nikolai next to him, both lost thought. Hanzo reloads his gun. Isabelle stares back in the direction of Cuchillo, still living the moment, the kill, the voice. And Royce, alone, apart, an outcast among outcasts.
35) 2) dialog: ...What is this place? (loud now, an explosion of emotion fueled by fear) What the hell is this place!? 31. No one answers. Then,
36) 4) dialog: What. The. Fuck? Mombasa mutters something in his native tongue. No translation required. Hanzo shakes his head, incredulous, unable to process.
36) 7) dialog: Let’s get the fuck out of here. Nobody needs to be told twice. They start backing away. The carrion birds EXPLODE into the sky. Guns swivel in their direction. Tense. Sweat beading. Hearts POUNDING. Terror building. They see...
36) 10) dialog: Where is it? Where the fuck is it?! Royce’s eyes pan, looking for movement, motion, anything. Isabelle, rifle up, searching. Nikolai sweeps the chaingun in a wide arc, back and forth Nothing. Slowly Royce’s hand drops to one of the grenades clipped Mombasa’s harness. CLICK. That was the pin. Royce heaves the explosive into space. Rapid throws three more, spacing them around the camp gro at regular intervals. Split second of calm before the storm. Then BOOM! BOOMBOOMBOOM! ! ! 35. A cloud of dirt and shrapnel tears through the air ina concussive wave-- Washing over a fast moving form, making it visible for a brief moment. We don’t see much. But we do see this. It. Is. Fucking. Big. Think Predator on steroids. Nikolai sees it, UNLOADS on the thing with the chaingun, ROAR of the weapon matched by his BATTLECRY. PREDATOR POV: Bullets stream toward us in ghastly slow motion. Targeting system tracks each projectile, reads th telemetry, locks on. And then the creature OPENS UP with a chaingun of its own An ERUPTION of flame. The thing is a monster. Makes Nikol BFG look like a child’s toy. Human and Predator rounds COLLIDE mid-air, CLATTER on the ground. Chaingun vs. chaingun. Everyone else retreats, seeking cover and distance. Nikolai stands his ground, still ROARING, barrel white ho and smoking. CLICK, he runs dry. Hauls ass after the others. Predator keeps FIRING. They scatter, as rounds tear by. “Black Hawk Down” time. Isabelle aims at the muzzle flashes, puts a round above t It ricochets off some unseen metal. Bullets arc towards her. Only the grace of God and a dead tree save her. She dives, as branches and bark get PULVERIZED. Pinned down. Royce -- still in motion -- sees it -- shotgun on full au The monster reels from the barrage. A single drop of blood lands on the ground. Royce sees it. 36. And then the thing turns its undivided attention toward h He cuts behind a row of hanging carcasses. Depleted urani slugs turn meat into charnel in his wake. Hands grab Isabelle. Edwin’s. He pulls her up, hauls her toward the tree line.
39) 0) text: Royce PLUNGES underwater. Comes up in time to see Isabell and Edwin SPLASH behind him. Stans careens in, SCREAMING. All washed away, fast. Nikolai descends. Disappears. Doesn’t come back up.
44) 0) text: Nikolai drags himself out of the current. Collapses ina shallow pool set by a white sand beach. Hanzo’s next. Edwin. Stans. Heaving. Drenched. Alive. Isabelle’s fingers grasp rocks, find purchase. She pulls herself in. Suddenly a shadow looms over.
44) 17) dialog: We should get going. Now. Right fucking now.
44) 20) dialog: Back?! For what?! To save it the walk?
44) 22) dialog: A ship? A ship?! What are you gonna do with that ship, man? Push the start button? Throw it in gear and drive home? Becoming unglued:
44) 23) dialog: That thing fucked us seven ways to Sunday! You saw what it was doing back there? We’re gonna end up as rugs and ashtrays! We’re dead meat! We don’t have a fucking chance!
44) 25) dialog: So what?! Look at us, man, we’re bleeding too! Nail on the head.
46) 0) text: A form manifests in the foliage. Hanzo, twenty feet off t ground, rests in the crook formed by trunk and limb. Stans is perched on another tree. Edwin, across from him, scrapes moss off the tree onto a leaf. Waiting for dawn. Isabelle clutches the stock of her rifle. Stares out into alien jungle beyond. Her mind elsewhere. Royce. Eyes closed. Asleep. Or so we think. 43.
49) 0) text: In the trees, everyone’s alert, looking out in different directions, waiting for an attack. A bug lands on Stans’s neck. He crushes it, eyes never leaving the jungle. Isabelle. Glued to the scope. A whisper
51) 1) dialog: Is it dead? Royce manages a nod. 46.
51) 2) dialog: When why the fuck aren’t you smiling?! Royce motions over his shoulder toward the body. We finally get a good look The creature resembles a stick bug, multi-jointed limbs protruding from its exoskeleton, carapace covered in shar bone blades. Definitely not a Predator. More importantly, A harness stretches over its chest. In the center, a brok altimeter.
51) 3) dialog: (fuck me) ...It’s one of us. Isabelle approaches.
52) 2) dialog: What the fuck?! Make that acid rain. Figures. 49. Dead end ahead. Noland marches toward it, undeterred. Rou an outcropping. Pulls back a heavy camouflage net. Cave entrance behind it. He disappears inside. Our heroes trail. All save-- Edwin. Frozen. Something in his expression we haven’t see since we’ve met him. Terror.
54) 3) dialog: Where did you get that?
55) 5) dialog: So why didn’t you say something? Hanzo lifts up his diminished hand. 54.
55) 7) dialog: So what’s your story, white bread?
55) 9) dialog: Everybody’s got a story.
55) 11) dialog: Yeah? How about you write mea policy? He chuckles. Edwin doesn’t.
55) 13) dialog: Why is that?
55) 27) dialog: What the hell is he doing?
58) 1) dialog: What the fuck was that?
67) 1) dialog: We... killed it. (realization dawning) We fucking killed it!!! He peers down the chute. Practically dancing a jig:
67) 2) dialog: Fuck you, ET! How do you like us now, motherfucker?! Huh?! Huh?! Hunt this! He grabs his package. BOOM! Plasma caster NAILS Stans in the back, blowing him of frame. Revealing-- Black Super Predator. Finally unveiled in his full glory. Heavy jet black armor -- a hellish mix of medieval knight samurai -- envelops its hulking frame like the Grim Reape shroud. Desiccated remains of its victims hang around its neck an belt. A triple headed plasma caster rests on its mount. Cruelly curved blades at the elbows. Spikes on shoulders, knees a heels. Even its dreadlocks are weapons, each strand endin with a razor-sharp tip weaved into the hair. That same chilling RATTLE again. Laser sight extends, painting Royce’s forehead. 63. On Royce. Resigned. Ready. No sign of fear. BLACK’S POV: Royce, in infrared. A mass of color. Keying on his beating heart. Measuring its steady rate. ROYCE’S POV: Nothing so fancy. Taking in the monstrosity before him. Giving it nothing. An eye fuck. Game over in 3-2- WHAM, Stans -- not quite as dead as we figured -- LEAPS o from behind. PLUNGES his shiv into the thing’s neck. Black’s turn to suffer. Round intended for Royce goes wil Stans -- his back a scorched, bloody mess, Noland’s alien Kevlar exposed under the shredded fabric of his prison jumpsuit -- a hole through the armored plate, but it boug him the next few precious seconds of life -- hangs on to Black like a pitbull, stabbing, punching, slashing, ROARI We finally see why he was chosen. He’s a fucking animal.
67) 3) dialog: (to the others) Go! GO!!! They run for it. Black -- its own ROAR drowns Stans’s -- DRIVES a bladed e into his side, WHAM, WHAM. Its plasma caster SWIVELS, tracking the fugitives. Stans -- bleeding, dying, fuck you, he eats that for breakfast -- grabs the shoulder mount, twists it the othe way, pointing the barrel toward the fucker’s head. Black -- can’t fire without blowing its own brains -- re- focuses his attention on Stans. WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! Finally Stans expires, still clinging on to his opponent even in death.
69) 0) text: Stans’s body HITS the ground. Black Super Predator looms over. Levels its heavy gaze on jungle. Another Super SHIMMERS into view alongside him. Locks in the same direction. Black BELLOWS! It’s the cry of a hunter. Stirring fear in the heart of i prey. And then the two creatures move, fast, efficient strides heading after their prey, fading to invisibility.