2) 4) text: He takes his Smith &amp; Wesson 1917 PISTOL from his pist and steps out into the SUNLIGHT FIELD in plain sight of t guards. Surely he knows they can see him. He must want them to se him. But they don't. Too busy passing nudie wallet photos. Halfway across the open grass, Kelly raises the pistol bu does not aim it. Just strides steadily closer, arms spread out, making him an easy target. Crazy as it seems, Private Kelly Ernswiler is trying to g himself killed.
4) 24) text: Suddenly another AMERICAN GI appears behind the German in the shadows. Only Kelly can see him. The GI motions to Kelly "keep tal while he gets into a better position with his M-1 rifle.
5) 0) text: The DEAD GI gets up and walks off with the GERMANS and so other SOLDIERS, done for the day. Bart and Kelly walk back to the stranded Jeep.
9) 0) text: Kelly buffs the headlamps with a chamois. The Jeep looks  good as new. He pulls a canvas cover over it.
10) 0) text: Kelly walks in on his dad ABE making sandwiches. A great pile of cheese and PB&amp;J.
10) 4) text: Abe grabs two pieces of bread from a loaf. He looks kind. bit ill-used by life. The phrase "rode hard and put away  wet" comes to mind.
10) 6) text: He finishes that sandwich and adds it to the pile. Kelly pauses while opening the refrigerator. His back  tightens. He slams the door with his foot.
10) 8) text: Abe pauses over a slice of bread only briefly. The hostil is nothing new.
11) 0) text: Kelly opens the screen door and pokes his head in. A family of Chinese immigrants, the Lings, paints canvase at long worktables. There's a MOTHER, father MAO, grandmo XIOU-XIOU, SON and DAUGHTER. Finished canvases hang from the walls and lean in piles  against it. All of them are portraits of animals. Some ha on hats or clothes. Kelly's mom EVE shows grandmother XIOU-XIOU a few strokes with a paintbrush. Eve wears jeans. She's one of those young-looking mothers Kelly's friends would have crushes on. If he had any frie
12) 4) text: Kelly leaves with the sandwich. Abe sighs and picks up mo bread.
14) 13) text: Sarah covers her head, huddled behind the boxes of cat fo dodging cans.
15) 7) text: An ANGRY WOMAN pushes open the swinging door of the backr with her loaded shopping cart.
16) 0) text: Kelly walks down the hall with his army-issue BACKPACK sl over one shoulder. Besides a serious case of bedhead, he  looks normal. No one says hi to him as he makes his way to his locker. As he twirls the combination and opens it, he notices LAN short and wide, built like a tank, prematurely balding, a his girlfriend BRIDGET embracing a few lockers down. They kiss raunchily, their tongues darting in and out of  each other's mouths. Lance sees Kelly looking and stops kissing.
16) 2) text: Kelly shakes his head and gets a book out of his locker.
16) 6) text: Kelly closes his locker and walks away. Bridget wipes her mouth guiltily. Lance shakes his head and pulls Bridget to him, grinding pelvis against hers.
17) 7) text: But Mr. Norman doesn't start talking again. He waits, looking at Kelly, smiling blandly. Until the si becomes uncomfortable. And Kelly gets mad.
18) 0) text: Fresh flowers and a crocheted tissue box hoodie make the  place cozy. Kelly sits across the desk from PRINCIPAL HOLMSTEAD, a we groomed woman with a gentle talk show host demeanor.
18) 5) text: Ms. Holmstead is exasperated, but she likes him in spite herself. He's a smart cookie. She's got to change her  strategy. She leans back in her chair.
18) 11) text: Holmstead tries again. She looks down at his file.
18) 13) text: Kelly shrugs. Holmstead searches his face for any clues.
18) 16) text: She shakes her head and swings her chair towards the wind and gazes out at the front walkway of the school. Her fac clears. Something's clicked.
19) 0) text: School's been out for a while. The first rush had already left. Kelly comes down the front steps and starts across the pa lot to his Jeep. Lance steps out from behind an SUV and intercepts him.
19) 11) text: Lance grabs Kelly's arm and yanks it back. Kelly still se unconcerned. Suddenly he pulls away, but Lance keeps hold of his backp Lance holds the backpack up next to his head and points a it, gleeful. Lance walks away towards his car. Kelly runs after him. Lance holds Kelly off easily with one hand and throws the backpack into his SUV. They STRUGGLE for a minute, until  Lance pushes Kelly away, gets in the car. Kelly runs next to the car and pounds on the window as La drives off. Finally, Kelly gives up. Lance turns out of the parking l and HONKS the horn. Kelly shakes his head.
24) 12) text: Kelly frowns and adjusts his clothes. Tries to re-wet the dry inside of his mouth with his tongue. He turns slowly and trudges up the stairs. Sarah has been watching the whole thing from the door.
26) 0) text: Kelly looks through the paints, picking out tubes. He loo up and sees Tabby browsing the paintbrushes. He's suddenly nervous. He knocks over a few cans of thinn Almost leaves. Instead, he gathers his courage, goes to the display oppo hers and waits to catch her eye.
28) 69) text: Kelly shakes his head.
29) 0) text: Bart and Kelly sit amidst a spread of books, papers, and  electronic equipment.
29) 3) text: Bart opens a pad.
30) 0) text: Tabby drops the canvas and points at the table. Kelly dum the bars and stands there looking around. At the wood floors and skylights. Couch covered with a sh Painting, serious ones, with layers of paint and mysterio objects stuck to them lay against the walls. They all see faded, like a vacation photo that's been through the wash Kelly moves to the PAINTING on the easel. Very yellow and pink. Kind of looks like castles.
30) 33) text: Tabby sits back on her heels and looks at him. Bart's head appears in the open door.
32) 4) text: Kelly looks around, worried. In this house an unresponsiv dad isn't necessarily sleeping. Should he wake up his mom He shakes the figure slightly. It rolls over, only it's n his dad. It's some scabby ADDICT. Kelly yanks his hand aw
33) 0) text: Abe sits on a lawn chair. Kelly comes out, unfolds another chair and sits next to h dad - a good distance away. They both look up at the sky.
33) 20) text: They look at each other. Kelly shakes his head and goes  inside. Abe looks up at the sky.
34) 24) text: Kelly grabs a few blades of grass.
35) 8) text: Kelly shakes his head as the women natter away.
37) 17) text: All we have to do is fill in the details and let Operatio Deadmeat begin.
38) 4) text: She looks around. If Lance showed up it wouldn't be good either of them. Kelly hands her the rest of her stuff. They part ways. Kelly shoves a piece of paper into his pocket. Principal Holmstead CLICKS down the hall in her heels and Kelly DUCKS into a doorway just in time. He turns and pre to look at a posted announcement as she passes.
40) 0) text: Lance, shirtless, reads aloud from the letter.
41) 3) text: Kelly just looks at him. Bart's already asked this questi
44) 5) text: He snatches the note. His eyes widen as he reads.
48) 2) text: He spots a WOMAN in the shadows. It must be Bridget. He unbuckles his pants and lets them drop to him knees.
54) 0) text: Bart pours them two glasses of his dad's scotch. He's  overjoyed.
59) 40) text: Kelly spreads his arms out and flaps them a little.
62) 20) text: Bart shakes his head.
63) 0) text: Kelly drinks from the fountain and wipes his mouth on his sleeve. Principal Holmstead's smiling face greets him when he  straightens up.
63) 8) text: Kelly starts to pull ahead.
66) 14) text: Just then he glances towards the gas station and sees EVE set up in the adjacent abandoned lot. She's got the van p there with the sliding door open and paintings propped ar on display.
67) 13) text: Bart keeps his head down, polishes intently.
67) 32) text: Bart throws his olive drab socks at Kelly's head.
74) 0) text: An ASSISTANT DIRECTOR and CAMERAMAN unload equipment from van. The DIRECTOR looks off into the distance, trying to visua Kelly pulls up next to the van. He wears a spotlessly cle uniform.
74) 14) text: She gets out some pomade and runs a comb through his hair slicking it back.
74) 16) text: Kelly grins. When she walks away he messes up his hair ag He scans the crowd. No Bart. The A.D. walks over.
74) 17) dialog: Okay, everyone. We're going to start  positioning. Then we'll go through a  few rehearsals. (points at soldiers) You, you and you - go over there by  that tree. You and you guys, behind  the hill. (looks at clipboard) Okay, who's got the Jeep?
74) 19) dialog: Great. We'd like to use it. Can you  drive it beyond the hill over there?
74) 24) dialog: Don't know. We've got enough people.  It doesn't matter.
74) 27) dialog: (yells) Okay people. Listen to my voice.  From now on, you do whatever this  voice says. Take your place.
74) 39) text: Kelly shakes his head, avoiding Bart's eyes, trying to ke it normal.
74) 51) text: Kelly finally raises his head. And looks Bart right in the eyes.
75) 0) text: The camera's set up. The groups are in position. The A.D. stands by the cameraman.
75) 1) dialog: Standby for rehearsal. Cue the  explosion.
75) 3) dialog: Cue the Jeep.
75) 5) dialog: Cue the Jeep. Cue the fucking Jeep!
75) 6) text: The A.D. shakes his head.
75) 8) dialog: What the H. Christ is going on over  here?
75) 10) dialog: (to cameraman) Hey, roll this. Get this. Are you  getting this?
75) 12) dialog: (to cameraman) Follow him. Are you getting it?
75) 14) dialog: We can use this. We'll cut it  together.
75) 15) text: The A.D. directs the camera at Bart.
75) 16) dialog: Get close on him.
76) 8) text: Eve looks at the back of Kelly's head. She's tired but st trying to deal.
77) 15) text: Sarah drops the rolls she had in her hands.
77) 17) text: She leaves. Kelly shakes his head.
79) 5) text: Tabby smiles sadly.
80) 0) text: Kelly drives along an open stretch of road. He throws the painting out of the Jeep. He comes to a turn and takes it much too fast. The Jeep SKIDS, teeters on two wheels, and goes over the  embankment.
82) 2) text: Kelly closes his eyes. He had forgotten - or tried to for
83) 0) text: Kelly sits in a chair on the stage next to Mr. Norman. A scattering of KIDS sit out in the auditorium. Principal Holmstead stands at the podium.
84) 0) text: On his knees Kelly fumbles with his bike lock, getting ma and madder. Just as he's about to get it undone -- Lance appears.
87) 0) text: Kelly sits on the loading dock of an abandoned factory. He watches the rusty barges glitter on the water. The win ruffles his sweaty hair.
89) 5) text: Eve comes over and tilts Kelly's head back to look at the cut. This is the first time she's touched him. She gets some antiseptic and ointment from under the sink along with Band-Aids and goes to work.
89) 13) text: Kelly pulls his head away.
89) 17) text: Eve looks at Kelly sadly.
89) 20) text: Eve shakes her head.
90) 0) text: The sun shines in through Kelly's window. He's laying in bed awake - has been for a while. He gets up and starts dressing slowly and deliberately. H puts on his best shirt and tie, sensing trouble when the  tie's too short. He pulls the suit out of his closet. The jacket doesn't fit. The sleeves don't even go down to his wrists. And he can hardly button the pants. He rips off the jacke He pulls everything out of his closet. Nothing there. He sits on the edge of his bed with his head in his hands He looks at his DRESS UNIFORM, hanging on the back of the closet in its dry-cleaning bag, right where his mom left He shakes his head. No, he couldn't do that. Then he sighs.
91) 11) text: Bart looks at Kelly and shakes his head.
91) 17) text: Kelly finally looks up at Bart and nods. A Town Car pulls up. Tabby gets out in her wedding dress. Has there even been more glorious woman? Will there ever be again? Her MAID OF HONOR leads her around to the side of the chu Kelly watches every step.
92) 0) text: Kelly sits on the edge of the bed, head in hands. He sees the torn rabbit painting. After a minute, he pick it up and looks at it.
94) 27) text: Eve looks at Kelly, her face full of love and sadness.
95) 15) text: Bart laughs a little and shakes his head. Kelly is gone. Harrison comes out.
97) 0) text: Kelly stands in the front of the room, pointing to a batt plan with large arrows drawn on it. Charlie, Mr. Norman, Principal Holmstead, Eve and Sarah s among other OLD SOLDIERS.