16) 0) text: Kelly walks down the hall with his army-issue BACKPACK sl over one shoulder. Besides a serious case of bedhead, he  looks normal. No one says hi to him as he makes his way to his locker. As he twirls the combination and opens it, he notices LAN short and wide, built like a tank, prematurely balding, a his girlfriend BRIDGET embracing a few lockers down. They kiss raunchily, their tongues darting in and out of  each other's mouths. Lance sees Kelly looking and stops kissing.
16) 1) dialog: What the fuck are you looking at, GI  Jane?
16) 3) dialog: No really, what makes you think you  can look at me?
16) 5) dialog: That's pretty funny. You got dental  insurance?
16) 6) text: Kelly closes his locker and walks away. Bridget wipes her mouth guiltily. Lance shakes his head and pulls Bridget to him, grinding pelvis against hers.
16) 9) dialog: What? What?
19) 0) text: School's been out for a while. The first rush had already left. Kelly comes down the front steps and starts across the pa lot to his Jeep. Lance steps out from behind an SUV and intercepts him.
19) 1) dialog: You upset Bridget.
19) 4) dialog: You need to apologize.
19) 6) text: Lance runs and grabs Kelly's backpack.
19) 7) dialog: Why are you fucking with me? You  little fucker. Want to play, fuckface?
19) 9) text: Kelly tries to start walking again but Lance has hold of  him.
19) 10) dialog: Let's see what Beetle Bailey's got  in his knapsack.
19) 11) text: Lance grabs Kelly's arm and yanks it back. Kelly still se unconcerned. Suddenly he pulls away, but Lance keeps hold of his backp Lance holds the backpack up next to his head and points a it, gleeful. Lance walks away towards his car. Kelly runs after him. Lance holds Kelly off easily with one hand and throws the backpack into his SUV. They STRUGGLE for a minute, until  Lance pushes Kelly away, gets in the car. Kelly runs next to the car and pounds on the window as La drives off. Finally, Kelly gives up. Lance turns out of the parking l and HONKS the horn. Kelly shakes his head.
23) 29) text: Kelly glances at the door Tabby left from.
24) 0) text: Kelly hops out of his Jeep and walks towards the front of the school. Lance is there, hanging out with Bridget and some of his Magnon FRIENDS. He wears a WW II CAP, overseas airborne style, obviously  Kelly's.
24) 1) dialog: Hey fuckface. Like my new hat? I  just joined the Boy Scouts.
24) 4) text: Ooh. The Cro-Magnons laugh at Lance and EGG him on - "You gonna take that?"/"He just called you a fag", etc. Lance frowns and grabs Kelly.
24) 5) dialog: You're a regular Howie Mandel.
24) 6) text: Still holding on to him with one arm, he SLAPS Kelly hard across the face with the other. Kelly's knees give a bit. Lance holds him up.
24) 8) text: Lance looks over at her and releases Kelly.
24) 9) dialog: Okay babe. (to Kelly) One day you and me will be alone.  And won't that be nice?
34) 28) text: Kelly gets up and starts to walk down the street, only -  Lance PULLS UP in his SUV. Kelly darts behind a parked car and watches Lance go into the house.
34) 30) text: Lance comes right back out. He forgot something in his ca
34) 32) text: Kelly moves around the car, trying to keep it between him and Lance. Bart comes down the front walk whistling and eating a coo He smiles at Lance, now coming back up the walk.
34) 33) dialog: Smile worker bee. I'll be your boss  some day.
34) 34) text: Bart nods and tips his HARD HAT. Kelly follows him on the other side of the row of cars un Lance's house is out of sight. Then he gets in step beside Bart.
35) 2) text: Bart FLIPS the ON switch and Lance's Mom's voice fills th room. The boys smile with delight.
37) 6) dialog: But baby, my birthday's coming up.
37) 8) dialog: Come on. A little action. A little  prime time action.
37) 10) dialog: That's the point. That's what makes  it sexxxy. Dangerous.
38) 4) text: She looks around. If Lance showed up it wouldn't be good either of them. Kelly hands her the rest of her stuff. They part ways. Kelly shoves a piece of paper into his pocket. Principal Holmstead CLICKS down the hall in her heels and Kelly DUCKS into a doorway just in time. He turns and pre to look at a posted announcement as she passes.
40) 0) text: Lance, shirtless, reads aloud from the letter.
40) 1) dialog: (Cont.) - baby makes the rules. Await further  instructions at school tomorrow --
41) 1) dialog: (V.O. cont'd) -- Baby will be waiting where Daddy  least expects her. Love, Bridgie."  Yes!
42) 0) text: Lance can't keep his hands off Bridget.
42) 2) dialog: Nothing, you bad girl.
42) 3) text: Lance cackles.
42) 6) dialog: See you soon, my naughty baby.
43) 0) text: Lance slouches into a seat next to Kelly, who drops anoth STATIONARY NOTE into Lance's open backpack. Kelly watches as Lance grabs his book, sees the note, ope it, and leers.
43) 1) dialog: It's my birthday! I'm going to get a  present.
43) 3) dialog: Damn it, fuckface. What're you smiling  about? You wish you were me.
43) 4) text: Lance raises his hand.
43) 5) dialog: Mr. Palmer? May I be excused?
43) 6) text: Lance leaves like a house afire.
44) 0) text: Lance sneaks down the hall towards the STORAGE CLOSET and whispers into the door.
44) 1) dialog: Daddy's here for the Easter egg hunt.
44) 3) text: Lance turns on the light. No one there. But propped up on the shelf next to a vase with a rose in is another note.
44) 4) dialog: Ooh, push my buttons.
44) 6) dialog: Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You little minx.
46) 0) text: Lunchtime. Typical bedlam. KIDS mill around. At one end of the cafeteria/gym is a small stage, the kin pep rallies are held on. Lance edges his way through the crowd, making a beeline f the STAGE DOOR.
48) 0) text: Lance looks around eagerly. He peeks through the curtains at all the kids and can bar contain his excitement.
48) 1) dialog: Bridgie? Come on, daddy's sick. He  needs his medicine.
48) 3) dialog: I brought our friend along. He's  happy to see you.
52) 0) text: The crowd falls silent and turns towards the mechanical s of the STAGE CURTAIN OPENING. They squint from the BRIGHT STAGE LIGHTS. SHOCK ripples through the crowd as they take in the table revealed to them: A frozen half-naked Lance on his knees before a BLOW-UP D tied to a chair.
52) 1) dialog: What the fuck are you all looking  at?
52) 5) text: Lance stumbles off stage to HOOTS and CATCALLS, but mostl hysterical LAUGHTER.
61) 15) text: Everyone but Bart LAUGHS. Tabby throws Kelly a grateful glance, for getting her out a conversation she didn't want to have.
62) 11) text: Kelly gives Bart a derisive glance.
62) 17) text: Bart glances at him.
66) 14) text: Just then he glances towards the gas station and sees EVE set up in the adjacent abandoned lot. She's got the van p there with the sliding door open and paintings propped ar on display.
84) 0) text: On his knees Kelly fumbles with his bike lock, getting ma and madder. Just as he's about to get it undone -- Lance appears.
84) 1) dialog: What, they re-assign you to the  bicycle brigade?
84) 4) dialog: Too bad, cause I'm not. Remember  that little show I put on for the  school?
84) 6) dialog: Oh, come on. Pants down? Doll? Hard  on?
84) 7) text: Kelly looks up at Lance.
84) 9) dialog: And did you hear me and Bridget aren't  going out anymore because of it?
84) 11) dialog: Yeah well, let's get this over with.
84) 13) text: Lance pushes Kelly away from his bike. Kelly falls back o his hands. He squints up at Lance and moves back towards his bike. Lance KICKS him back with his foot and looks at him.
84) 15) dialog: Did you call me a homo?
84) 16) text: Lance KICKS him again. Kelly breathes hard.
84) 18) dialog: No time like the present.
84) 19) text: Lance picks Kelly up and SLAPS him hard on the face.
84) 21) text: Lance PUNCHES Kelly and he reels. Then Kelly lunges for h and they fall to the ground. Kelly swings wildly but Lanc pins him down and gives him a few good ones. Then Mr. Norman comes out.
84) 23) text: Mr. Norman rushes over to them. Kelly scrambles up and rips at his bike lock, gets on his bike and rides away. Mr. Norman tries to take a panting Lance by the arm but L shakes him off.
84) 24) dialog: Get off me.