17) 0) text: The lights are off in history class. The teacher MR. NORMAN shows slides on the Civil War. The more we see the clearer it becomes that they are his own  photos from a vacation spent visiting the memorials. Mr. Norman smiles out at his class in shot after shot. He clicks the remote and a photo of his WIFE, crouched ov and wearing shorts, drinking from a garden hose appears o screen.
17) 1) dialog: Whoops!
17) 2) text: He hurries through to the next slide. It doesn't matter anyway. Everyone is almost asleep. Except Kelly, who becomes increasingly irritated the more Mr. Norman talks.
17) 3) dialog: And here, at Gettysburg, the ranks  of Union soldiers fought bravely on.  They were willing to give their lives  so that others might be free.
17) 5) dialog: Is there a problem Mr. Ernswiler?
17) 7) text: But Mr. Norman doesn't start talking again. He waits, looking at Kelly, smiling blandly. Until the si becomes uncomfortable. And Kelly gets mad.
82) 1) dialog: Kelly! There you are. I was just  telling the class about our special  treat today. Mr. Ernswiler is going  to be giving the three first-period  history classes a little talk about  the Civil War.
82) 3) dialog: Let's all make our way in an orderly  fashion down to the auditorium, shall  we?
82) 5) dialog: Orderly, I said orderly.
82) 6) text: Mr. Norman looks at Kelly pleasantly.
82) 7) dialog: Well, what are we waiting for? I'm  so looking forward to hearing your  views.
83) 0) text: Kelly sits in a chair on the stage next to Mr. Norman. A scattering of KIDS sit out in the auditorium. Principal Holmstead stands at the podium.
84) 21) text: Lance PUNCHES Kelly and he reels. Then Kelly lunges for h and they fall to the ground. Kelly swings wildly but Lanc pins him down and gives him a few good ones. Then Mr. Norman comes out.
84) 22) dialog: Stop it!
84) 23) text: Mr. Norman rushes over to them. Kelly scrambles up and rips at his bike lock, gets on his bike and rides away. Mr. Norman tries to take a panting Lance by the arm but L shakes him off.
97) 0) text: Kelly stands in the front of the room, pointing to a batt plan with large arrows drawn on it. Charlie, Mr. Norman, Principal Holmstead, Eve and Sarah s among other OLD SOLDIERS.
97) 6) dialog: (to Charlie) Remarkable, remarkable. And they  never knew?
97) 12) dialog: I can't imagine having more fun that  I am now.
97) 13) text: Mr. Norman smiles at the group.
97) 16) dialog: Oh, my.