2) 45) text: TWO CENSUS OFFICERS ("CENSORS") enter the bar; in wireles sets and white uniforms, they seem at once clinical and m CENSOR 1 carries a tablet known as an "etherboard". CENSO more imposing, carries a wide-muzzle rifle known as a "st Their foreboding appearance is greeted without alarm. As move up the bar, the customers dutifully swipe their ethe over the etherboard. Now reaching Jones, who swipes accor
2) 47) dialog: Census check.
2) 48) text: Censor1 checks the etherboard; a headshot of Jones spins He offers it to Lincoln who swipes his ethercuff emphatic
2) 50) dialog: I hope nobody's drinking off-quota.
3) 14) text: Lincoln shrugs, his gaze wandering past her into the kitc His grin fades as he spots TWO CENSORS talking to a busbo the view is lost as he's served an oatmeal and juice brea
6) 27) text: The Censors roll their eyes knowingly. Scheer taps his he
7) 0) text: A VERTICAL ONTO A RESIDENTIAL BLOCK: the grid of crosswal tiers of frosted facades; quiet, the residents still dorm A DRUM OF FOOTFALLS: Then a figure breaking frame, racing walkway of an upper floor; then another figure, in hot pu T H E LOCKDOWN I N I T I A T E S : the lights shifting sp to ultraviolet, bathing the quadrant in a lambent purple S T A R K W E A T H E R : his eyes bulging with panic as walkway, straining for an ethergate a t the far end of th LINCOLN : his eyes charged with adrenaline, straining to ground on his assailant; oblivious to the building noise T H E LOCKDOWN: locks hissing, lights flashing, ripping u of frosted facades; sweeping past Lincoln and onward towa S T A R K W E A T H E R : the ripple of hissing locks rus pours on the pace, sneering with effort as he tries to ou T H E LOCKDOWN: the ripple spearing ahead of him to the e floor; now banking across the ethergate a n d sealing the S T A R K W E A T H E R : stalled by the realization he's round, looking for another avenue of escape only to find- LINCOLN: blindsiding h i s assailant with a headlong tack men toppling over, hitting the floor with a bone-jarring S T A R K W E A T H E R : quick to recover, breaking lose now struggling to his feet, stumbling onward up the walkw LINCOLN : gets up to resume pursuit, then pauses, spottin ethercuff, discarded on the ground. He looks up in confus S T A R K W E A T H E R : a short distance ahead, climbin rail; launching himself off, into a seemingly suicidal pl LINCOLN : leaning over the rail, seeing his assailant lan on a crosswalk beneath, resuming his flight on the lower - B O O M - A GUNBLAST r i p s the air. A KEENING SOUND b - T H U D - LINCOLN JOLTS as something hits his shoulder, off-balance, a stab of pain keeling him onto the rail -CL LINCOLN SLUMPS INTO FG - TWO CENSORS converging like whit from the purple haze - one reprimanding his recalcitrant
7) 2) dialog: You asshole! You hooked the wrong one!
7) 4) dialog: J u s t a flesh wound. `Hit his head pretty hard. Possible concussion. ( i n s p e c t i n g Lincoln's pupils) T h i n k you can walk, buddy?
7) 5) text: Lincoln nods slightly. The censor unloops a tri-key f r o
7) 6) dialog: You see this? It'll get you past the lockdown. You're to report to The Medical Center. You understand?
7) 7) text: O f f Lincoln's blank stare, the censor presses the tri-k his palm. Then departs. Lincoln stays where he sits, stil from the concussion. Absently he watches the censors race the walkway, dissolving back into the purple haze as we-
9) 34) dialog: Yeah, no sweat, subject is secured.
9) 65) text: But Jones just backs away. Lincoln makes to follow. Then dead in his tracks. Across the avenue, TWO CENSORS are on and his best friend is now heading towards them. With a b torn grimace, Lincoln turns away and melts back into the
9) 85) text: L i k e she's asking him what she did... Silence - the ra censor, blood foaming - another sound - FOOTFALLS. Lincol to the door - an IMMINENT MASS OF WHITE UNIFORMS. He grab
9) 91) text: A Censor splits off to join him, tapping his headset - Sc rises again - in his eyes, detachment yields to cold inte
10) 0) text: THE CENSORS: flooding through into the maintenance corrid their white uniforms, they seem like a swarm of antibodie LINCOLN AND ESTER: deeper in, at another pressure door, f the trikey i n t o the lock. A tense second. The lock his SCHEER : pushes through the opening gap of another pressu taking the lead, his Censors surging up in his wake -- LINCOLN AND ESTER: meeting an intersection, veering at ra running blind, running deeper into the faceless labyrinth SCHEER : catching up, hitting the intersection, pausing t his squad in each direction - white uniforms dispersing-- LINCOLN AND ESTER: reaching another pressure door. Footst audible. Lincoln jams the tri-key i n t o the lock. And w seconds pass. But the door doesn't open. Lincoln looks ar for another exit. Ester looks at him in mounting panic th THE PRESSURE DOOR OPENS: not onto a corridor but an eleva car. Pulling Ester inside, Lincoln finds an array of butt His fingers hovers, uncertain which to press. So he punch of them, stabbing madly, trying to prompt the door to clo SCHEER : turns a corner, seeing his quarry at the far end corridor, he gathers pace. The elevator is closing but he break stride. He deftly taps his headset, opening a chann
10) 14) dialog: Nothing , sir. No sign.
11) 8) dialog: A bird?! In this storm?!
11) 27) dialog: Ground team checking in.
11) 29) dialog: The storm pretty much covered their tracks. We're scanning for thermals b u t the hotter it gets, the harder it is to isolate a heat signature. I don't know, sir, it's a big desert out there.
24) 11) dialog: S i r , I've been trying to contact you. It's the ether... Something's wrong.
24) 21) dialog: That's what I mean. We can't get through. The circuits are locked.
24) 28) dialog: C o m m u n i t y - w i d e , sir. Everywhere.