4) 82) text: E y e s turn to a figure behind them, dressed in a vestme labcoat - 70's, tall, slightly hunched by senility, eyes quicksilver, glittering. He has the hauteur of a visionar stooping to the role of a salesman. His name is DR. HENRY DR. SANGER (cont'd) M o r t a l i t y . We all know its face and yet w e look away, don't we? We deny that our l i v e s are ordained to suffering. That w e are all, inalterably, going to die.
4) 84) dialog: I t takes courage to confront mortality, my friends. And I see it in each of y o u . My name is Dr. Henry Sanger and I'm here to reward your courage.
4) 87) dialog: N e w Gaza. Yes, very good oncology unit.
5) 1) dialog: I t doesn't get any prettier, does it? But this is not a freakshow, my friends. This is a war museum. A history of our battles with mortality... and defeats. Take the stem cell, for instance. A bid to cultivate human parts for transplant - in rodents, primates, barnyard animals. It's enough to make your skin crawl. In some cases literally, giving rise to a new range of cross-species viruses. But that's how we learn. From our mistakes.
5) 3) dialog: C a s e in point, the clone. Back in the beginning, the mapping of the human genome was declared a historic landmark- t o break the curse of heredity, to correct congenital defect... genetic engineering became the brave new world of medical science. A bright future that led to a dark age and much of the legislation we know today. But while the clone laws may have narrowed the field, science marches on. Only to hit the same wall over and over again - the enigma of growth, the alchemy that takes us from embryo to adult. A clone barely reaches infancy before its growth enzymes misfire, resulting in the kind of monstrosities - which are only effigies - you see here.
5) 5) dialog: So what do we learn from our mistakes? That human parts cannot grow outside a human body. That human bodies cannot grow outside nature's grand design.
5) 8) dialog: L e t ' s say one day you go to your doctor for a checkup. He discovers you have imminent renal failure and require a kidney transplant. What would you do?
5) 10) dialog: E v e n if your brother's kidney is with- o u t defect, there's still a 38% chance of rejection. Or less if he's your twin.
5) 12) dialog: But what if you did have a twin? O f f the fat man's confused look, Sanger smiles and gent him to face a mirror. Their reflections stare back at the
5) 13) dialog: What if you had a genetic double who'd give you not just one of his kidneys, but both? In fact, any organ or body part you ever had cause to need?
5) 15) text: I said the problem with a clone is it doesn't survive infancy. The solution is to find a different starting point. Why sow the seed when you can create the fruit? Or what we like to call... an "agnate". L y d i a starts clapping., then s t o p s , realizing th DR. SANGER
5) 20) text: L e t me see if I got this straight. You can create this whatever... this walking spare parts holder... but I gotta w a i t five years to get hold of em? DR. SANGER
5) 22) text: S o five years or no warranty? For the premiums you're asking? DR. SANGER
5) 23) text: An d what if the organ you   needed was a heart? Ask yourself, each     of you. If you had to put a price on     your life, your very survival - what     would it be? A deep lull as the group considers this. Sanger picks his DR. SANGER
5) 27) dialog: That's entirely his decision. Our role is intermediary. We, as the insurance provider, guarantee the condition and availability of the agnate but all other rights are retained. In legal terms, the policy holder is defined as a "sponsor". The premiums, in effect, becoming sponsorship payments, maintaining the agnate until such time as harvest is required. At such time and where feasible, the sponsor has the option to extend sponsorship, retaining the agnate for secondary harvest or, shall we say, let the policy expire.
5) 29) dialog: N o . Not as you and I know it, at least. The associations of life and death are no more applicable to an agnate than to a cow in a field. It exists in a state of limited consciousness - aware not of life but of functionality. Imbued with the knowledge to maintain its function but without the capacity to question it. And yet, in many ways, the end if the most humane part of the process. The agnate goes to harvest without any fore- b o d i n g and is painlessly returned to the sleep from whence it came. Eternal or otherwise. There is mortality for an agnate. Just utility and redundancy. T O U R MEMBER
5) 30) text: S o it doesn't know? It doesn't know its... its p u r p o s e in life? DR. SANGER
5) 34) text: DR. SANGER? Would you like to close?
5) 35) dialog: Yes . . . Now some of you may be thinking this commercial is staged. But these are not actors, these are past customers. Real p e o p l e enjoying the real f r u i t s of sponsorship. What we offer here at The Sanger Institute is not just health insurance but indemnity. What we offer is the chance of a new lease on life... The tour group applauds, this time without prompting from DR. SANGER
5) 37) text: The commercial. The girl with the baby. What is that? A fix for infertility? DR. SANGER
5) 41) dialog: F o r practical reasons, delivery is handled by your healthcare p r o v i d e r .
5) 43) dialog: The same rule applies. You can continue your sponsorship. Or not. And in this case, there's a natural window for compliance as the agnate is routinely sedated after delivery. As to whether it wakes up from that sleep, like I said, the choice is yours...
11) 50) dialog: Don't be so alarmist, Ellen. CROWNE
11) 57) dialog: They're not going to pull our license, Ellen. We have a lot of friends on the Commission. Not to mention the goodwill we earned in DC when we took over the facility; a bunker complex for a bio- chemical war that never happened... We relieved them of a costly embarrassment.
11) 59) dialog: Alright . What do you suggest?
11) 69) dialog: That's a little drastic. Some immune systems are more adaptive than others.
11) 72) dialog: Even so, the worst may not happen. CROWNE
11) 74) dialog: Ellen , we operate under State license on a lease from the Federal Government...
11) 77) dialog: E i t h e r way, it's unlikely they'd get that far. It's at least twenty miles to the next settlement. Right, Bernard? Merrick hesitates before nodding his assent. Crowne pounc
11) 81) dialog: And I don't think we should panic.
11) 85) dialog: I n other words we need to find them o r else. That's very astute, Ellen.
18) 3) dialog: The bond agents. Yes. Unfortunate.
18) 5) dialog: I thought we'd covered ourselves.
18) 7) dialog: What are you talking about?
18) 10) dialog: I still don't see the problem.
18) 13) dialog: That's why we have you, Ellen.
18) 15) text: I told her, Henry. About synesthesia. S a n g e r casts a betrayed look at Merrick. Then return DR. SANGER
18) 21) dialog: I've spent my entire career facing down naysayers, Ellen. Don't think for a second I'm afraid of facing them now. CROWNE
18) 26) dialog: A l r i g h t . What do you suggest? S a n g e r dry swallows the pill. Ellen opens a contract
18) 28) dialog: ( r e a l i z i n g , suddenly harsh)
18) 34) dialog: A r e you quite finished?
18) 37) dialog: You see that street down there...? Running east from the stadium. My father used to take me to church on that street. An old Spanish church.
18) 39) dialog: I didn't know they'd torn it down.
23) 3) dialog: M y name is Henry Sanger. I'd like to offer my deepest condolences.
23) 5) dialog: This is Bernard Merrick our facility director. He knew Ester personally.
23) 13) dialog: N o t h i n g so devious, Mrs. Ester. We simply wanted to find some way to heal the wounds from this incident. KATHERINE
23) 14) text: I don't want restitution, Dr. Sanger. The reason I agreed to this meeting was to have the chance to talk to you. DR. SANGER
23) 18) dialog: Don't interrupt, Ellen. KATHERINE
23) 19) text: I remember how eager I was to believe him. But when I saw w h a t I'd created, in flesh and blood, when I touched h e r , it was I who felt less than human. DR. SANGER
23) 26) dialog: N o , Ellen, that's enough. I think Mrs. Ester has said all there is to say.
23) 34) dialog: Did we?
24) 3) dialog: C a s e in point, the clone. Back in the beginning, the mapping of the human genome was declared a historic landmark- to break the curse of heredity, to correct congenital defect... genetic engineering became the brave new world of medical science. A bright future that led to a dark age and much of... ( a n abrupt pause, a frown) . . . l e g i s l a t i o n we know today. But while the clone laws may have narrowed the field, science marches on. Only to... ( a n o t h e r abrupt pause) I'm sorry, I'm f...