0) 0) text: Satie's Gymnopedie plays from overhead speakers.  A glass wall looks out across a green mountain valley. Th formed in curves of creamy ceramic tile, is divided into areas. Male residents in line on one side, females on the other. genders combine in the seating area. Lincoln reaches the the line. He swipes his ethercuff o v e r a scanner. A NU CLERK, a surly woman in uniform, eyes the readout on her
0) 2) dialog: What? No bacon?
0) 4) dialog: Whatever.
0) 5) text: He shrugs, disgruntled. The clerk taps her screen. Turnin row of chutes behind her, she collects a foil covered bow drink can. Lincoln, less than appetized, loads his tray w oatmeal and juice breakfast. Then he heads into the seati In the seating area, male and female residents sit eating chatting happily. Uniformed busboys intermix, clearing an tables. A divide in this community now starts to become c The busboys, like the nutrition clerk, like all the servi maintenance, and administrative staff we'll see, have dis uniforms but no facial marking. They are known as "outsid The "residents", like Lincoln, have crosshatched scars on upper left brows and ethercuffs o n their wrists. Mostly from mid-twenties to mid-sixties. There are no children h We isolate a blonde - mid-20's, fresh, bright eyes, a fra beauty, a crosshatch of two verticals and one horizontal. name is ESTER TWO-ALPHA. Seeing Lincoln, she smiles and w
0) 8) dialog: Hello , stranger.
0) 10) dialog: It's just an expression, that's all.
0) 12) dialog: (sits , a spreading smile)
0) 16) dialog: Exciting.
0) 18) dialog: Us? ESTER
0) 20) dialog: Then you leave all this behind, huh?
0) 22) dialog: I'll miss your coffee. C'mon, I already burned up my quota.
0) 36) text: Merrick steps down and departs. The plaza reverts to its mood, dotted with murmurs of disappointment. Lincoln scow
0) 38) dialog: That's easy for you to say. Your time's guaranteed. All you have is six months.
0) 40) dialog: (scowl lifting) Give me some more of your coffee.
1) 0) text: The subway, formed in arches of creamy ceramic tile, is n unlike our own. In place of escalators, moving walkways d the residents onto the platform. Along the platform wall strip of mirrored panels, etherscreen reporting in banner - - NEXT STOP... SECTOR 5 - SECTOR 6 - CENTERVILLE... At the tunnel edge of the platform is a safety fence, whe residents wait in a patient line, Lincoln among them. His is drawn to two younger residents whispering furtively ne
1) 5) text: Resident #2 regains the platform. We PUSH IN on the drink balanced on a buffer. It starts rattling. Then suddenly s upward into the air, arcing and bouncing off the tunnel w clattering into obscurity. Resident #1 whoops in victory. A rush of air heralds the shuttle. It sails out of the tu floating three feet above the track. A hybrid of subway c nautical craft, it has runners in place of wheels, like h a catamaran. It is buoyed by a magnetic flow emanating fr lode-poles, an invisible river known as a "lode-stream". shuttle drifts to a gentle halt, hovering, rocking a litt gangplanks fold out toward the platform and the safety fe lowers. Lincoln and the other commuters file routinely ab
2) 0) text: Frosted glass workstations, notably circular rather than Lincoln sits at his desk in front of a wraparound ethersc divided into three sections, a formation known as a "viso Right-visor shows a polymorph in fractal cycle, like a pe screen saver. Mid-visor shows a tomograph of a residentia tiers of apartments shown as boxes, most in solid white, blink red with the text label "Vacancy". Left-visor shows of names and sociographic grading sheaded "Residents Pend
2) 1) dialog: Hudson Four-Alpha; profile reviewed. Match to vacancy; 171, Sector 5. Request clearance to populate.
2) 4) text: Lincoln looks up at a face grinning over the partition - 30's, jovial, tall and burly. His name is JONES THREE-BRA
2) 6) dialog: No.
2) 8) dialog: Six months?
2) 10) dialog: Census File: Two-Delta, Starkweather.
2) 14) dialog: He got lucky, that's all.
2) 16) dialog: Shut up, Jonesy.
2) 18) dialog: You're out of my weight-class.
2) 20) dialog: I'll think about it.
2) 24) dialog: Whoooooo!
2) 25) text: Lincoln proxy - and Lincoln - punch the air in victory. J unlatches his gauntlets, sweating, galled by the defeat-
2) 27) dialog: You're just too slow, Jonesy.
2) 29) dialog: Hey, you put up, now pay up.
2) 31) text: At the bar, Lincoln and Jones, freshly showered, each swi ethercuffs over a scanner. A uniformed BARTENDER notes th
2) 34) text: The bartender serves the drinks and they settle at the en bar. Scoping for onlookers, Lincoln steals a gulp of Jone
2) 36) dialog: Shut up, Jonesy.
2) 38) dialog: I can't. I got an interact.
2) 41) dialog: Hey, it's an authorized interaction. We're on the same meditation program.
2) 43) dialog: No law against friendship, Jonesy.
2) 48) text: Censor1 checks the etherboard; a headshot of Jones spins He offers it to Lincoln who swipes his ethercuff emphatic
2) 49) dialog: What happened? You lost count?
2) 51) dialog: Vita Cola all the way, officer.
2) 52) text: Lincoln sips his cola. As they move on, he grimaces at th
3) 0) text: The horizon. The morning sun streams over the green mount Lincoln lies sleeping, his head buried under the pillow. beeping sound, he stirs and squints up at the mirrored ce
3) 2) dialog: Accept.
3) 5) dialog: I guess I overslept.
3) 7) dialog: Right. I'll be there.
3) 9) text: Her face blinks out. Lincoln gets out of bed with a smile
3) 12) dialog: Just juice today. I'm late for work.
3) 14) text: Lincoln shrugs, his gaze wandering past her into the kitc His grin fades as he spots TWO CENSORS talking to a busbo the view is lost as he's served an oatmeal and juice brea
4) 0) text: Not so crowded at this hour. Halfway down the platform we vending machine with confections in nameless silver wrapp mouse-ish resident collects a bar from the trough. His na KLEINWORT NINE-ALPHA. Seeing Lincoln approach, he preempt
4) 2) dialog: C'mon, Kleinwort...
4) 4) dialog: So what's up with the Censors, huh?
4) 6) dialog: I know what it is. I've just never seen them out in this sector before.
4) 8) dialog: What are you saying? They lost someone?
4) 10) text: A rush of air heralds the shuttle, curtailing the convers Beneath his tousling hair, a frown plays on Lincoln's bro
4) 13) dialog: Census File: Two-Delta, Starkweather.
4) 15) dialog: Accomodation Status : 102, Sector 4. The tiered boxes resolve, zooming in to isolate Apartment The box shows solid white. Lincoln frowns, assimilating t
4) 16) dialog: Hey , Jonesy. Remember the guy who won The Spin yesterday? His apartment's still showing as occupied.
4) 18) dialog: So you get 24 hours to move out.
4) 20) dialog: No. It updates on the hour. If he's gone it should be showing a vacancy.
4) 22) text: What? You think he's still here? The guy wins a place on The Island and you think he just decided not to go? LINCOLN
4) 25) dialog: Maybe. JONES
4) 27) dialog: Sanitation Status: 102, Sector Four.
4) 33) dialog: Still in the electrical phase, sir.
4) 35) dialog: (pulls on his jacket to leave) I'll take care of it.
4) 39) text: Lincoln's reply is muffled by the gasmask, lost in the no
4) 41) text: Lincoln repeats to no avail. Frustrated, he peels off his
4) 42) dialog: I said I can't hear you.
4) 46) dialog: How are you doing, Mac?
4) 48) dialog: We l l the guys upstairs are griping about the backlog. They want to know when you'll be ready for move in.
4) 50) dialog: I'll tell them two weeks.
4) 52) dialog: So . . . got any stuff on you today?
4) 55) dialog: I t ' s too bad.
4) 57) dialog: T h a t your shift's almost over.
4) 60) dialog: The y taste good. An exchanged smile. A pause as they enjoy the guilty plea LINCOLN
4) 63) dialog: What do you do when the shift's over?
4) 65) dialog: H u m p `n dump crew?
4) 67) dialog: Is it as bad as they say out there? M c C o r d l o o k s momentarily puzzled. Lincoln displa
4) 68) dialog: The air... the containments.
4) 70) dialog: But not everywhere. Not on The Island.
4) 72) text: I don't know too much about that. Lincoln eyes him narrowly. McCord p a u s e s , then tuck into the cigarette box and offers it with a palliative sm
4) 75) text: Lincoln shrugs, accepting the gift with a slow exhale of We tilt up to follow the smoke plume, dissipating into th
5) 50) dialog: You wanted to see me?
5) 53) text: He taps     a button. The glass wall frosts over. It's un Lincoln      stays deadpan, moving the chair before takin Merrick      reviews the etherboard: Lincoln's headshot s 3D w i t h   a scroll of data. Then he looks up, forming
5) 55) text: Lincoln shrugs, noncommittal. Merrick eyes him thoughtful
5) 57) dialog: I guess not.
5) 59) dialog: I f I'm here.
5) 61) dialog: Right.
5) 63) dialog: Why wouldn't I?
5) 65) dialog: Ah.
5) 67) text: Lincoln shifts, feeling uneasy. Merrick consults the ethe
5) 70) dialog: A r e you saying I'm contaminated?
5) 72) dialog: The n what's the problem?
5) 74) dialog: Why?
5) 77) dialog: No.
5) 87) text: Do you have any difficulty staying focused? At work, for instance? Lincoln ' s jaw twitches. Merrick notes this, proceeds wi
5) 91) dialog: That's it.
5) 93) dialog: Right.
5) 95) dialog: Now... Lincoln leans forward as if to assert this. Merrick slowl like he's just revealed something. He taps the etherboard
5) 103) dialog: The r e ' s no law against friendship. MERRICK
5) 104) text: O f course not. We encourage interaction in the hope it'll be of mutual benefit. But given these deviations... let's just say proximity becomes an issue. LINCOLN
5) 109) text: Lincoln ' s deadpan falters. This one, a bitter pill, he
5) 111) dialog: Thank you. I feel much better now.
5) 115) dialog: S o r r y I'm late.
5) 117) text: Lincoln looks at her, unsettled by her flourishing smile.
5) 119) text: Lincoln returns a deadpan look. Ester's smile wavers a li
5) 122) dialog: I have to cancel, Ester.
5) 125) dialog: I don't think so.
5) 128) dialog: No.
5) 129) text: A small word but it comes heavily. Before Ester can ask a question, Lincoln turns and leaves. His jaw, clenching wi effort of self-containment. Ester watches him, not hurt, little confused. We widen to encompass the height of the The likeness is idealized but unmistakably that of Dr. Sa
5) 169) text: R e f l e c t e d in the ceiling, Lincoln grins at his sm
6) 2) dialog: I want some bacon.
6) 4) dialog: An d coffee. I want coffee.
6) 5) text: The clerk sighs and taps her screen. Turning to the chute collects a foil covered bowl and a juice can and sets the Lincoln's tray. Lincoln glances down at it, then back up-
6) 6) dialog: This isn't what I asked for.
6) 8) text: Lincoln nods slowly. Then picks up the bowl. And flings i the plaza. Then the juice can, trying to outdistance the Finally, the tray, which rotors almost to the far side be clattering into obscurity. Then he turns back to the cler
6) 9) dialog: P u t that on my fucking r e c o r d .
6) 14) dialog: Hello? His voice echoes to nothing. He leans over the fence and up the tunnel. There. In the fog of darkness, a figure. A paused, half-standing, like an animal on the brink of fli The figure seems to stare at him. Then pulls upright. Now forward and into the light. His face is African American, n e c k e d , eyes wild and bloodshot. A stranger to Linc him as STARKWEATHER TWO-DELTA. His voice is quivering, un
6) 19) dialog: W h o are you? What's wrong with you? The stranger's eyes bore into him, obsidian. Face contort baring his teeth like a rabid dog. Suddenly he lunges a t - B O O M - ramming him back into the vending machine - L stunned - suddenly a vice-like grip on his wrist swings h - C R A C K - into the etherscreen banner, webbing at the
7) 0) text: A VERTICAL ONTO A RESIDENTIAL BLOCK: the grid of crosswal tiers of frosted facades; quiet, the residents still dorm A DRUM OF FOOTFALLS: Then a figure breaking frame, racing walkway of an upper floor; then another figure, in hot pu T H E LOCKDOWN I N I T I A T E S : the lights shifting sp to ultraviolet, bathing the quadrant in a lambent purple S T A R K W E A T H E R : his eyes bulging with panic as walkway, straining for an ethergate a t the far end of th LINCOLN : his eyes charged with adrenaline, straining to ground on his assailant; oblivious to the building noise T H E LOCKDOWN: locks hissing, lights flashing, ripping u of frosted facades; sweeping past Lincoln and onward towa S T A R K W E A T H E R : the ripple of hissing locks rus pours on the pace, sneering with effort as he tries to ou T H E LOCKDOWN: the ripple spearing ahead of him to the e floor; now banking across the ethergate a n d sealing the S T A R K W E A T H E R : stalled by the realization he's round, looking for another avenue of escape only to find- LINCOLN: blindsiding h i s assailant with a headlong tack men toppling over, hitting the floor with a bone-jarring S T A R K W E A T H E R : quick to recover, breaking lose now struggling to his feet, stumbling onward up the walkw LINCOLN : gets up to resume pursuit, then pauses, spottin ethercuff, discarded on the ground. He looks up in confus S T A R K W E A T H E R : a short distance ahead, climbin rail; launching himself off, into a seemingly suicidal pl LINCOLN : leaning over the rail, seeing his assailant lan on a crosswalk beneath, resuming his flight on the lower - B O O M - A GUNBLAST r i p s the air. A KEENING SOUND b - T H U D - LINCOLN JOLTS as something hits his shoulder, off-balance, a stab of pain keeling him onto the rail -CL LINCOLN SLUMPS INTO FG - TWO CENSORS converging like whit from the purple haze - one reprimanding his recalcitrant
7) 3) text: He crouches to examine Lincoln. Blood is blossoming from on his shoulder, jutting from which is a projectile. The presses its base and it snaps loose of its unintended tar N o w we see the projectile more clearly. A fat metal pel n o s e d , finned at the tail by four metal teeth. On im nose recesses to release a springload a n d the teeth sna to bite into the target. This device is known as a "hookh
7) 5) text: Lincoln nods slightly. The censor unloops a tri-key f r o
7) 7) text: O f f Lincoln's blank stare, the censor presses the tri-k his palm. Then departs. Lincoln stays where he sits, stil from the concussion. Absently he watches the censors race the walkway, dissolving back into the purple haze as we-
7) 20) text: R E V E R S E ANGLE: Lincoln in CU, looking down. He has all that has just passed. In his eyes, we see his daze cl consciousness coalescing, deepening. His pupils dilating deep and uncanny stare. What can only be described as a d
9) 0) text: The courier strolls up the corridor, now dressed in the s and carrying the cooler. He turns a corner and his footst gradually fade out. A flat, sterile silence falls in his A metal squeal. A ventilation grid levers down from the c A pause. Then a pair of feet drop through, legs, torso. D to the floor, Lincoln stands revealed. Sweaty, smeared bl with dust. For a moment he looks around to get his bearin Suddenly he freezes, hearing-
9) 2) text: The footsteps are now coming back. Lincoln spins round. H a door. A lock panel. A moment of panic. Then he fumbles k e y f r o m his pocket, hurriedly slotting it into the
9) 41) text: The etherscreen resolves Lincoln's face, dishevelled, urg
9) 42) dialog: Ester . . . I have to talk to you.
9) 44) dialog: What are you talking about?
9) 46) text: Lincoln pauses to process this. Hunted, more cautious now
9) 47) dialog: I want you to meet me as soon as you can. But you can't tell anyone.
9) 49) dialog: You know where to come.
9) 53) dialog: Jonesy. . .
9) 57) dialog: I saw what happened to him.
9) 59) dialog: Starkweather . . . What they did to him.
9) 60) text: Jones huffs, dismissively. Lincoln grabs his shoulder, ar
9) 61) dialog: They cut him open, Jonesy. The y took him upstairs and they cut him open.
9) 64) dialog: J o n e s y , listen to me...
9) 65) text: But Jones just backs away. Lincoln makes to follow. Then dead in his tracks. Across the avenue, TWO CENSORS are on and his best friend is now heading towards them. With a b torn grimace, Lincoln turns away and melts back into the
9) 68) dialog: Ester, I'm not contaminated.
9) 70) dialog: I'm not contaminated!
9) 72) dialog: Contaminants, pathogens... it's just what they tell us to keep us inside.
9) 76) dialog: Your baby... they're going to take your baby away... you understand? ESTER
9) 77) text: M y baby? Why would they do that? LINCOLN
9) 80) dialog: You can't go back! Don't you get it?
9) 86) dialog: RUN!!!
10) 0) text: THE CENSORS: flooding through into the maintenance corrid their white uniforms, they seem like a swarm of antibodie LINCOLN AND ESTER: deeper in, at another pressure door, f the trikey i n t o the lock. A tense second. The lock his SCHEER : pushes through the opening gap of another pressu taking the lead, his Censors surging up in his wake -- LINCOLN AND ESTER: meeting an intersection, veering at ra running blind, running deeper into the faceless labyrinth SCHEER : catching up, hitting the intersection, pausing t his squad in each direction - white uniforms dispersing-- LINCOLN AND ESTER: reaching another pressure door. Footst audible. Lincoln jams the tri-key i n t o the lock. And w seconds pass. But the door doesn't open. Lincoln looks ar for another exit. Ester looks at him in mounting panic th THE PRESSURE DOOR OPENS: not onto a corridor but an eleva car. Pulling Ester inside, Lincoln finds an array of butt His fingers hovers, uncertain which to press. So he punch of them, stabbing madly, trying to prompt the door to clo SCHEER : turns a corner, seeing his quarry at the far end corridor, he gathers pace. The elevator is closing but he break stride. He deftly taps his headset, opening a chann
10) 10) dialog: Ester ! Come on!
10) 11) text: Spurred to action, Ester follows Lincoln onward up the ha Still conscious of movement all around, of nascents stirr the sound of their footfalls like the ripples of a nightm
11) 0) text: THE DARKNESS OF THE TRENCH. Lincoln and Ester running alo lode-way, stumbling over the buffers. Above them, the dus flails in lashing tongues, starkly depicted by the haloge
11) 12) dialog: Ester ! We have to keep going!
11) 14) dialog: Ester?
11) 15) text: Ester staggers back, losing balance, reeling as if spun b storm. Her eyes widening, senses flooding. The howling wi swirling dustclouds, the pendent gulf of black sky. Her r returning her to face Lincoln, Ester opens her mouth to s But all that comes is A SCREAM. A scream from deep within and hysterical, the only articulation she can find. Linco her and covers her mouth. Fighting to stifle her, rocking convulsions. But Ester keeps screaming. A scream of every
11) 22) text: Lincoln looks deep into her troubled eyes. He answers gen
11) 23) dialog: The r e is no green. The windows in there... they were just pictures.
11) 24) text: Ester absorbs this with difficulty. Lincoln rises again a stands looking out across the desert, into the barren unk
11) 32) dialog: I think I've found a path.
11) 92) text: This seems to get a response. The figure ventures closer. recognize Lincoln. Exhausted, dust-covered and dry-throat
11) 93) dialog: My friend... she needs water.
11) 96) text: Lincoln eyes him, wary of the question. Ozzie reads confu
11) 100) text: Lincoln gulps down some water, deciding an answer. Then v
11) 101) dialog: Away.
11) 103) dialog: " O u t of state"...
11) 108) text: O z z i e chuckles but the pun seems lost on his visitor. drop. The awkward silence returns. Lincoln drinks the wat wondering if this strange old man is as harmless as he ap
11) 110) text: Lincoln looks at Ester, slumped over, asleep on the sofa. puts a finger to his lips, beckoning his visitor out of t
11) 115) text: He taps his forehead. Lincoln fingers his crosshatch, sud aware of it now and suspicious of the question. Ozzie pal
11) 124) text: Lincoln frowns. The term is familiar. The taste of smoke, But his memory has been clouded by trauma. Ozzie reads hi
11) 126) text: Lincoln looks at him, something breaking the clouds. A se danger, indistinct. Suddenly cautious, he stubs his cigar
11) 127) dialog: I'm going to check on my friend.
11) 131) dialog: What are you doing? Ozzie jerks round to find his visitor suddenly standing t He fumbles on the holocom keypad and the crosshatch blink
11) 140) dialog: " O u t of state" - how do I get there?
12) 19) text: Oh, me and Burdie, we're busy bees. We don't have time to file every report and we got real bad memories. But just so we understand each other, slick, we're talking about a bag job, right? Scheer returns an equivocal look. Then dips in his pocket digital slides - Lincoln and Ester's headshots, spinning
12) 42) text: Lincoln looks at the man in uniform, uncertain what he wa ticket collector shakes his head. These two look like dea
12) 44) text: Lincoln assimilates. Money. The word is familiar. He pull the blue plastic card. The man in uniform looks encourage gives him the card, watching him slot it into a handheld which briefly flashes, then the card is returned. Lincoln strip at the top is now transparent, like a depleted rese He assimilates. Not so different from the transactions in world below. Then he notices Ester is awake and is lookin him. Her bright eyes, dim and troubled, somehow accusator
12) 45) dialog: I t ' s going to be okay, Ester.
12) 47) dialog: We just need to get out of state.
12) 48) text: Ester , disconsolate, looks out of the window. In her gaz forlorn air of a hatchling fallen from the nest. Lincoln her, knowing her troubles and knowing that he cannot reli
12) 53) text: A w e interrupted, Lincoln and Ester look around. Slouche street exit is A HOBO with a mangy dog. He grins toothles
12) 55) text: Lincoln and Ester step back as the dog rises to greet the wagging, it noses forward, sniffing. Then, abruptly, drop tail and backs off, whining. Lincoln and Ester likewise b Both sides have just discovered a new species. The hobo p whining canine, watching the strangers walk off with curi
12) 59) dialog: I told you to stay with me.
12) 61) dialog: O k a y . Okay...
12) 62) text: He nods, realizing he is too. He plants Ester in a seat a around. People stand in line transacting, receiving food Not unlike nutrition plaza. Lincoln ventures to the count offers the blue card hopefully. THE SERVICE CLERK looks a
12) 64) dialog: ( b e a t , no other reference) What are my options?
12) 66) text: He indicates a menu above. Lincoln assimilates, looking u the menu. Understanding now, his face lifts to almost a s It's the first time he's been given an unrestricted choic
12) 68) dialog: I asked the man how to get to the terminal. He said it's not far.
12) 69) text: But Ester just keeps staring, her brow now furrowing as A GIRL skips past, maybe 11, sipping a soda. Now Lincoln se too and is transfixed. Now the little girl notices the st staring at her. She hurries onward, uncomfortable. Lincol Ester's eyes follow. It's the first time they've seen a c
12) 75) text: Lincoln has to think. Dates mean nothing to him. He ventu
12) 76) dialog: Now...
12) 78) dialog: O u t of state.
12) 80) dialog: We want to go out of state.
12) 83) text: Lincoln and Ester turn to look. The interceder is pale, b wearing leathers. A stranger to them, we recognize him as
12) 87) text: He grins genially, examining their faces, verifying his q Lincoln examines the pale man. The sense of danger is wel
12) 88) dialog: What do you want?
12) 94) text: Lincoln and Ester turn to look. The dark giant is just an stranger, cast in a demeanor of casual inquiry. He's offe opportunity to gain distance but Lincoln remains hesitant sense of danger, turbulent, hard to read. Burdon sugars t
12) 96) text: He taps a button and the side-door slips open. Lincoln lo the lightless c a v i t y , wavering, uncertain. Ester, h nervous. Figures passing, jostling them toward the cavity dark giant, looking on expectantly. The pause stretching,
12) 99) text: I told you! They went inside! The hobo doesn't see Lincoln and Ester, unwitting that he betrayed himself as their shadow... and Burdon as their p His dog starts barking. Lincoln starts backing away with his eyes blackening, the danger surging, the dog barking, giant's face dropping, the elements converging... They bo
12) 107) dialog: We have to keep going.
12) 111) text: She shrinks into the shadows, shaking her head. The hatch wanting to return to the nest. Lincoln meets her eye, dee
12) 112) dialog: T h o s e men - that's what they want too.
12) 113) text: Ester holds his gaze, chest heaving. Then looks back towa alley mouth. Her fingers reach for her belly, clawing a l Then her eyes lower, assimilating, reason reasserting its grip. Lincoln senses her turmoil. His voice is soft but s
12) 114) dialog: We have to keep going, Ester.
12) 115) text: Ester looks up at him again. The forlorn air seems to hav Her eyes, grimly set. Her face, a little haggard. Older s She takes Lincoln's hand and together they head off up th
12) 134) dialog: ( b e a t , venturing) Transport...
14) 0) text: Low roof. Flat lighting. The faces here seem less threate the young and the low-income. Lincoln and Ester look arou unlike the train terminal. People standing in line, trans
14) 3) text: Lincoln squints at him. Then wafts his hand across the co The ticket clerk flinches at the impact. Then composes hi A trace of camp as he smiles bashfully at the rugged cust
14) 5) dialog: I want to get out of state. Now.
14) 7) dialog: O u t of state...
14) 9) dialog: Where's that?
14) 11) text: Lincoln nods, liking the sound of this. The ticket clerk enjoying the acceptance of his suggestion, he ventures ho
14) 13) dialog: N o . With her.
14) 28) text: Lincoln turns, touching his face. He feels stubble there. the first time. His body is naturalizing but it feels unn to him. Ester reaches out and runs her fingers across his Lincoln stiffens a little, unused to this type of contact her touch is gentle and the contact is warming. Their eye slowly meet, flickering, something passing between them. Ester's face contorts slightly. She emits a shallow cough
14) 29) dialog: A r e you alright?
14) 32) dialog: O k a y . . . I'll get you some water.
14) 36) text: Ester looks around in panic. Faces turn but none of them Lincoln's. Diggs confronts the spectators, flashing a bad
14) 40) dialog: Behind you.
14) 42) text: - T H U D - LINCOLN HAMMERS HIS FIST into the pale man as dropping him, flat-on-his-ass - pulling Ester away from h D I G G S JERKS OUT THE RAINMAKER - quick to his feet - m than hurt - targeting his quarry - who suddenly duck down - B O O M - DIGGS FIRES - A WOMAN SCREAMS - the Mexican w face, peppered with tranquilizer core - her baby starts c Ester FROZEN - horrified by the screaming woman - the blo slack grimace - the baby bawling - Lincoln dragging her d - B O O M - THE BLAST OF THE THUNDERBOLT - Burdon positio them - narrowly missing his target - hitting the partitio - C R A S H - THE PARTITION WALL EXPLODES in a blinding e discharge - shattering into a sudden TEMPEST OF GLASS SHA LINCOLN AND ESTER SPIN ROUND to see the pale man retarget the dark giant reloading - exit blocked, they lunge towar T H E PARTITION WALL - kicking through the hole in the gl Ester's last glimpse of the screaming woman - the howling
15) 0) text: LINCOLN PULLS ESTER INTO THE DARKNESS - a narrow access, lit, hard to see - a sudden dead-end - they SLAM INTO A B A CHAINLINK F E N C E - the links shuddering - Lincoln lo sees it's scalable - claws into the links - STARTS CLIMBI Ester TRYING TO CLIMB - rattled by coughing - fighting to breathe - her limbs shaking - her muscles failing - then-
15) 4) text: LINCOLN ' S EYES FLICKERING DARKLY - jaw clenching - the danger urging him to run - but Ester is in the giant's gr Ester CLAWING TO BREAK FREE - coughing, rasping - her fin snag on the giant's arm-brace - TUGGING WITH ALL HER STRE B U R D O N YOWLING AT THE SUDDEN PAIN - lashing out - fl into the fence - dropping the thunderbolt - CLUTCHING HIS LINCOLN LEAPING ONTO THE FENCE - scrambling up the link - dark giant momentarily off-guard - HE VAULTS OVER THE TOP - T H U D - BURDON SPINS ROUND - takes the full brunt of impact - overbalancing - THEY CRASH TO THE GROUND - LINCOLN STRUGGLES UPRIGHT - winded, but forced to face th giant - who is already on his feet, his mighty fist SWING - T H U D - LINCOLN TAKES A PUNCH TO THE JAW - recoils, r throwing a left hook - hitting hard but the giant barely
15) 10) dialog: I ' l l find you some water.
15) 11) text: He looks around blindly. Some junk in the corner. He rumm finds a rusted metal box. Pries it open, empties the cont Gauzes, band-aids - evidently a first-aid box - then a bo He opens it, sniffs. It smells pungent. Alcohol, not wate Ester suddenly starts sobbing. Lincoln returns to her sid
15) 12) dialog: I t ' s going to be okay, Ester.
15) 15) dialog: I ' l l find you some water, okay? Ester looks up at him, wheezing, tears streaming from her
15) 17) dialog: I ' l l find another way. Out of state.
15) 19) dialog: The n we'll keep going. ESTER
15) 20) text: I can't... I can't run anymore... Ester folds over, sobbing and coughing at the same time. to watch. Lincoln crouches, gaining her eyeline, very del
15) 21) dialog: We ' l l keep going till we get there. Ester traps a sob, reading his eyes, something reviving i
15) 23) dialog: N o w I'm going to get some water. But I want you to stay here. It'll be safer. Ester wipes away her tears, sniffing. Her breaths, calmin
16) 6) dialog: The man, the man up there. Who is he?
16) 8) dialog: The juggernaut...
16) 11) text: Lincoln doesn't respond. The pedestrian shrugs and heads writing him off. Lincoln lingers, staring up at the billb
16) 16) text: A heavy pause. Lincoln's voice comes with a slight tremor
16) 17) dialog: Residential...
16) 19) dialog: Starkweather...
16) 23) text: Lincoln stands, darkly intent on the face. Now irrefutabl same face he saw in his life below. The snake shakes its
16) 26) text: Lincoln looks at the snake, flicking its tongue, coiling.
16) 48) text: A DOORMAN is looking at them like they just rolled out of he wouldn't be seen dead in. Off their flustered looks, h an apologetic smile. Then opens the door and holds it for Lincoln reaches for Ester's hand. Then stiffly leads her
16) 52) dialog: I don't know. Something. Just wait there and make sure nobody's coming.
16) 57) dialog: Who are you? Lincoln steps closer, eyes piercing. Tom takes a step bac
16) 59) dialog: Who? Lincoln takes another step closer. Tom takes another step
16) 61) dialog: What people? Lincoln takes another step closer. Tom stiffens, gathers
16) 67) dialog: The policy? He looks at his agnate. Then realizes the level of ignora
16) 69) dialog: About what? Tom drags his cigarette, fingers trembling. He shakes his TOM
16) 71) dialog: What are you talking about? Lincoln moves closer, pointing the knife. Tom flinches, t
16) 74) dialog: What is that?
16) 76) dialog: What does that mean? TOM
16) 78) dialog: Why?
16) 81) dialog: Why do I look like you?
16) 85) dialog: Made me?
16) 87) text: That's right. You were made. Cooked up in a centrifuge like a fucking boiled egg. Every thought running through your head, every word coming out of your mouth, all of it, manufactured, made... Lincoln frowns, trying to assimilate. Too much to process
16) 88) dialog: You . . . you're the one who made me?
16) 91) dialog: Who made me? TOM
16) 92) text: I signed a contract. I can show you. He gestures to a mirror on the wall. Lincoln steps back b eyes are unremitting. Tom rises, cautious, crossing to th He opens the mirror to reveal a wall safe. His trembling tap the keypad and the safe hisses open. He draws out a c folder embossed with a crosshatch. Then offers it to his
16) 95) dialog: (pause, looks at him)
16) 97) text: I can't... Lincoln sets down the contract and brings up the knife ag
16) 102) dialog: And then you'll call security?
16) 103) text: Lincoln steps closer, pointing the knife. Tom tries to st pan. The lawyer kicking in. Look them in the eye when you
16) 105) text: Lincoln looks at his double, reason now yielding to anger roiling. Tom looks at his agnate, fear welling, deadpan c
16) 107) text: Lincoln presses the tip of the blade to his double's chee
16) 109) text: Lincoln inches the blade deeper into the trembling face, blood. The anger urging, hungry for more blood. Then sudd
16) 111) text: Lincoln looks at her, the anger interrupted, the knife st place. He pauses. Then returns to his double. The dreadin the trickle of blood down the face. His e y e s . His f a foreboding moment. Then suddenly Lincoln lashes out. His sends his double flying, falling in a flurry of contract Lincoln stands over him, looking down, like a dominant sp His double is unmoving, unconscious. Lincoln abruptly spi
16) 115) dialog: Auto...
16) 117) dialog: O u t of state... West...
16) 121) text: Lincoln looks at her blankly, unknowing. Ester stares off her brow knotting with unanswered questions. But Lincoln' lingers. Her pale skin, her limpid eyes, her hair flutter the breeze. It's the first time he's really seen Ester's
17) 0) text: The skiff plunges into the shadow of an underpass. The in flashes: "UPLINK INTERRUPT... AUTOPILOT DISENGAGING". Lin sits up, confused. The skiff is now slowing, drifting as loose. He studies the controls again. Positions one hand steering wheel, the other on the throttle. Then he nudges The skiff lurches, veering out of its lane. Another vehic narrowly past, rocking them with its invisible backwash. looks at Lincoln, suddenly alarmed. Lincoln tries again, the wheel, gentle on the throttle. And the skiff eases fo
17) 10) text: She turns to Lincoln with a flowering smile. Then rushes the gateway, suddenly galvanized, squeezing through a gap
17) 14) text: Lincoln answers with a softly negating look. Ester's face falls, the energy draining from her eyes. She lowers onto the mats and lies down, huddling. She looks up to him, wh
17) 20) text: Lincoln turns to a figure emerging from the night. A tall swarthy skin, mist-colored eyes. His tribal name is GREY GREY DOVE (cont'd) Or did you come here for a reason?
17) 21) text: Lincoln examines the tall man. The face seems as deep and as the voice. His sense of danger, unstirring, he concede
17) 22) dialog: I was looking for water.
17) 24) dialog: My transport... it stopped working.
17) 26) dialog: Out of state...
17) 27) text: Lincoln sighs, the destination seeming very far away. Gre considers him. This bruised, weary outsider is somehow ch
17) 30) dialog: What is this place?
17) 32) text: Lincoln looks at him, puzzled. Grey Dove smiles tolerantl
17) 36) text: The shaman's chanting suddenly stops. He is looking direc Lincoln, pointing. His face, contorting with what might b or fear. He starts babbling in dialect, ardently. Lincoln in confusion. Grey Dove quietly draws him away from the m
17) 38) dialog: A r e you alright?
17) 40) text: Lincoln nods absently and stares off out of the doorway. moves closer, sensing something. He speaks as if from far
17) 42) dialog: The man out there... he said everything has a spirit... every living thing... but not...
17) 43) text: His voice cuts off. Ester looks at him, recognizing his p She doesn't understand what it is or what caused it. It's and it evokes a response in her. A feeling, taking her ov hand reaches out and strokes his hair. Lincoln looks up a questioning. With supreme knowing, Ester leans down and k him. At the touch of her lips, Lincoln pauses. The first for both of them but Ester takes it in her stride. The ca ballet of nature. Fluidly peeling off her shirt, breasts steeping with moonlight. Lincoln rising to face her, feel proximity, her radiant heat. His fingers touching her bre Ester trembling, her lips once more finding his. Lincoln his eyes, the rush of sensation, overwhelming. He yields returning the kiss, with hunger, with passion... with spi
17) 56) dialog: Don't worry. The one we want goes the other way. He said it goes slower.
17) 65) text: BURDON SNAPS AIM FOR ANOTHER SHOT - beading - his target now - dropping out of the firing line - into the lode-can BURDON INCHES TOWARD THE EDGE - thunderbolt angling downw into the trench - then suddenly he's GRABBED BY THE ANKLE LINCOLN STRAINING to overbalance the giant - feet up agai wall - like trying to topple a tree - finally winning som BURDON TOPPLES INTO THE TRENCH - his ankles clamped by hi quarry - both men meeting the concrete with a bone-shakin
17) 66) text: already recovering from the fall - now dragging him uprig - THUD - BURDON THROWS A PUNCH - mightily - hurling his q across the trench - moving in quickly, following up with - THUD - LINCOLN CRUMPLES as the boot smacks into him - t another kick - then another - the world starts blurring - BURDON TURNS AWAY - his quarry disabled for now - he reco his thunderbolt - turns back to administer the coup de gr LINCOLN LOOKS UP - the giant looming - the muzzle of his thrumming with energy - the rivets on his denims start ra BURDON SPINS ROUND - the thunderbolt suddenly ripped from grasp - there, in the distance - AN EASTBOUND BARGE IS CO LINCOLN SCRAMBLES UP THE WALL OF THE TRENCH - muscles str feet slipping on the concrete - escaping the imminent ves
17) 70) text: Burdie...? THE SHADOW OF THE ROCK - Lincoln rejoins Ester - casting back - the eastbound barge now plummeting into the distan D I G G S STOOPING AT THE EDGE OF THE TRENCH - looking do that remains of his partner is a smear of blood at the co LINCOLN AND ESTER REACHING THE FOOT OF THE ROCKS - seeing WESTBOUND BARGE against the sunrise - snaking into the pa DIGGS PULLING UPRIGHT - spotting his quarry - fire in his drawing out a boot-knife - slipping it between his teeth- THE WESTBOUND BARGE pulling through the canyon - lode-pol pulsing ahead of it - polarity thrumming in opposing flow LINCOLN AND ESTER start running as the barge comes toward Lincoln pulling Ester along - struggling to match the pac A SOUND LIKE A BEATING TYMPANY COMING TOWARDS THEM - they round to see - A SHADOW RUNNING ALONG THE TOP OF THE BARG D I G G S FLINGING HIMSELF OFF THE BARGE - the blade in h arms spread - for an instant, like a vulture against the
17) 73) dialog: Ester! Stop! It's no use!
17) 75) dialog: It's going too fast!
17) 77) text: Ester staggers a few more steps, then collapses to her kn rasping for breath. As Lincoln reaches her, she slumps ba his arms. Her head lolling, eyes rolled back to white, a of blood spilling from her lips. Then the blast of a clax the air as the westbound barge disappears into the distan
18) 42) dialog: What did you give her?
18) 44) dialog: S o you know about the baby...
19) 28) dialog: Lincoln . My name's Lincoln.
19) 30) dialog: N o . They'll find her. They'll take her.
19) 32) dialog: You don't understand. They don't want people to know about her. Either of us.
19) 34) dialog: Why ? So you can take her baby?
19) 37) text: M a y b e I just didn't want to.      Either way, I was wrong. I want you          to know that. I was wrong... And I'm          sorry. A heavy lull. Lincoln hangs his head, remembering.
19) 38) dialog: The y make you believe there's a place called The Island. Then they take you upstairs and put you to sleep. They cut you open. They take pieces of you. Katherine looks at him, intuiting. She allows a pause, th
19) 41) dialog: N o . I saw a lot of us go to The Island. But I never saw anyone come back.
19) 43) dialog: ( b e a t , a lost look) Is it? I wouldn't know.
21) 0) text: Lincoln stands waiting. There are chairs but he's too ten sit. Katherine and Dr. Abrams now enter. Lincoln looks at expectantly. There's a pause. Then Dr. Abrams speaks-
21) 2) dialog: C a n you help her?
21) 4) dialog: I don't understand any of this.
21) 7) text: Lincoln lowers into a chair. He feels a pain somewhere. H quite pin down where. Or what caused it. Or why it hurts
21) 9) dialog: He l l o , stranger.
21) 11) dialog: Ester...
21) 16) dialog: What do you mean?
21) 18) text: Lincoln nods. A pause. Ester continues, more troubled, wh
21) 20) text: Ester ' s out of breath again, coughing. Lincoln helps he oxygen mask back over her mouth. Ester slumps back, relax Off Lincoln's worried look, she smiles at him with her ey
21) 22) dialog: I know.
21) 25) dialog: No...
22) 0) text: Lincoln emerges from the restroom, scanning for the dange source. Figures flash past in scrubs, white coats. Then h it. The figure emerging from the elevator. The face of Sc
22) 2) dialog: We have to go. We have to get her out.
22) 4) dialog: He's come for her. For us.
22) 6) text: Lincoln look to see Ester, asleep on the OR table beyond.
22) 7) dialog: How long before she wakes up?
22) 9) dialog: ( t o Katherine, emphatic) You'll take care of it, won't you? Take her somewhere they can't find her...
22) 10) text: Katherine , understanding, simply nods. Lincoln takes a l at Ester, then departs. Dr. Abrams, bemused, turns to Kat
22) 20) text: S C H E E R watches the fireball in his rear-view - there police soon - he jams the throttle - he has to end this. LINCOLN SEEING THE STRAKER Z O O M I N G UP BEHIND - veer another corner - the chassis tilting - A STEEP BANKING TU T H E CORSAIR HULL RUNNERS THUDDING across the buffers - sending the chassis up against the concrete - SPARKS FLYI S C H E E R TURNING THE CORNER - the windshield suddenly sparks - jerking back on the throttle to avoid a collisio LINCOLN FIGHTING TO CORRECT THE STEERING - seeing the str d r o p p i n g back - a chance to gain distance - JAMMIN A N INTERSECTION APPROACHING - Lincoln can't correct his in time - the corsair careens at full res over the inters C R A S H I N G THROUGH A GATE ARM - the ground dropping steep ramp - suddenly the corsair is flying through the a
22) 28) text: N o w he sees Lincoln more closely - injured, his arm ble
22) 30) text: Lincoln eases a little as he sees the security guard lowe weapon. Then suddenly the guard is JERKED BACK BY THE SCA A HISS. Now suddenly the guard jettisons the handgun, clu his throat like it's on fire. With a boiling gurgle, he s forward. Streaming with sweat. Toppling across a herbicid Convulsing, belching steam. Then suddenly his body falls S c h e e r is at the foot of the steps, discarding the s from the syringe-gun. Now screwing a fresh ampule into pl Lincoln turns to him, realizing what he's just witnessed glimpse of his own fate. He pushes himself upright, braci S c h e e r looks at him. Clutching his bloody arm, barel stay upright, but still ready to fight for life. He half-
22) 33) text: Lincoln holds his gaze, looking deep in his eyes. Then, a scared by what he sees there, starts inching away, glanci T H E GUARD'S BODY SMOLDERING - lowering, melting through S C H E E R MOVING FORWARD, the smile leaving his face. A hollowness as he moves in on his quarry, the syringe-gun LINCOLN STUMBLING - collapsing to his knees - hanging his as if in surrender... then suddenly his hand flies up- - B O O M - A FLASH OF LIGHT as he fires THE HANDGUN - re the ground - AN ENERGY PULSE impacting the wall, fizzling S C H E E R KEEPS COMING, syringe-gun ready, blank-faced, T H E GUARD'S BODY CRACKLING INTO FLAME - the drum splitt - B O O M - ANOTHER FLASH - Lincoln fires again - clippin S C H E E R KEEPS COMING, a charred wound in his shoulder T H E GUARD'S BODY BURNING - sliding into the sands of he - B O O M - B O O M - B O O M - LINCOLN KEEPS FIRING - mo S C H E E R KEEPS COMING, blank faced, his body PITTING W
23) 44) text: The man tilts up to reveal his face. We see he is LINCOLN
23) 45) dialog: I can't find my sunglasses. I think I left them on the shuttle.
23) 47) dialog: Don't worry. I'll catch up.
23) 51) text: Lincoln lowers back to the ground. He finds himself facin TECHNICIAN in a hardhat. His uniform reads "Air Processin
24) 0) text: The pale blue light sustains. The chamber is reminiscent foundation chambers. The walls lined with tanks. But inst amber fluid, these contain blocks of ice. Beside each tan grid of bio-monitors. E t h e r c o n stumbles into frame Lincoln. Then, with a trembling finger points to one of t tanks. Lincoln holds aim on him and considers the glass f He wipes the condensation off the glass. Suspended in the of ice is a shadow. A human figure. A device is attached stomach. Lincoln looks at the bio-monitors. A screen read
24) 40) dialog: I t ' s been a year since the breakout. A year in hiding, waiting for things to quiet down. I don't know how many made i t out or how many who did, survived. I know there are people called politicians trying to say it never happened. That's why I've kept this journal. To keep the truth alive. Alive... I've learned what that means but it still confuses me. In functional terms, I've been alive for ten years. In human terms, more than thirty. Human... I'm not sure about that one either. They say I'm not human because I have no mother or father. I guess I have more to learn. But one word I do understand is hope. So maybe this j o u r n a l will give hope - to those like me, who may be out there. To know t h e y ' r e not alone. My name is Lincoln S i x - E c h o and this is my testament...
24) 41) text: He sits back, contemplating the screen with an air of clo Then he stirs at a sound. At first just a gurgle. Then a Becoming the sound of A BABY CRYING. Lincoln crosses to a He lifts up a baby boy, 6 months old, bawling and squirmi
24) 43) text: Ester steps into the room, sleep-mussed, her beauty deepe maternity. The baby reaches out for her. Lincoln hands hi
24) 44) dialog: Lincoln Junior, huh? It still doesn't sound right. That name.
24) 46) text: She lovingly kisses him. Lincoln smiles at her, then the sweeping the hair from the forehead. Unscarred, blemishle
24) 47) dialog: We should finish packing.
24) 50) dialog: Time to go.
24) 51) text: Katherine hesitates, part of her unwilling to let the bab Then she plants a lingering kiss on his downy hair and le Ester take him. Lincoln presents her with the data tablet
24) 52) dialog: You'll make sure this gets out?
24) 54) dialog: Thank you, Katherine. For everything.
24) 57) dialog: I've been looking at them for months.
24) 59) dialog: ( b e a t ; a meaningful look) I don't need them either.