22) 3) dialog: I, Zuri , Son of Badu , give to you, Prince T'Challa , the Black Panther! The Elders watch as Zuri holds up A CEREMONIAL
22) 5) dialog: The Prince will now have the strength of the Black Panther stripped away . Zuri pours the solution into T'Challa's mouth . T'Challa reacts violently, choking on the red fluid. T'Challa spasms, his veins expanding and his muscles contracting as the poison spreads through him . But soon, stops shaking and exhales easy . Zuri turns to the audience .
22) 6) dialog: Damaku . ..
22) 8) dialog: Victory in ritual combat comes by yield or death . If any tribe wishes to put forth a warrior, I now offer a path to the throne . The Merchant Tribe Warrior calls out . 22.
22) 16) dialog: Is there any member of royal blood who wishes to challenge for the throne?
22) 31) dialog: M'Baku . What are you doing here?!
22) 43) dialog: Let the challenge begin! The warriors CLASH, both with great skill . M'Baku with superior strength. T'Challa eludes a salvo of swings, the driven back by the tip of M'Baku's spear against his shie Knocking M'Baku's spear free, T'Challa is HAMMERED ONTO H BACKbut instantly springs up to dodge more attacks and counter with TWOFIERCE KICKS. M'Baku spits blood and bangs his chest. The rest of the Jabari warriors RESPOND. T'Challa salutes the crowd and t respond LOUDER! M'Baku charges at T'Challa , knuckle-walking , and slippi assault , T'Challa grabs M'Baku's spear and cartwheels ov to land another KICK. The two continue to battle, BLOCKINGand TRADINGBLUNT STRIKES, until M'Baku delivers a backhand that KNOCKS T'CHALLA OFF HIS FEET near the Dora's spears. With the deadly spears at his back, T'Challa blocks COLOS OVERHEAD BLOWSwith his shield, then M' Baku leans with al his strength trying to impale T'Challa on the TIPS. Clubbing M'Baku to his heels , T'Challa rushes forward fo aerial attack only to be met by a VICIOUS KICK to the che causing him to LOSE both his shield and spear!
24) 15) dialog: I now present to you , King T'Challa the Black Panther !!
24) 17) dialog: My King . Drums begin to play and people start to dance . T'Challa Nakia stare into each other's eyes amidst the celebration as .В·.
26) 0) text: zuri , wearing ceremonial face paint , mixes a Heart Shap Herb concoction and pours it into T'Challa's mouth as he in a dirt plot in the middle of the room .
26) 1) dialog: Allow the Heart Shaped Herb to restore the powers of the Black Panther and take you to the Ancestral Plane . 27 .
26) 3) dialog: T'Chaka , we call on you. Corne here to your son .
27) 3) dialog: Darnaku . The children begin burying T'Challa in the red sand .
29) 0) text: zuri is the last thing T'Challa sees as his face is burie
30) 23) dialog: Breathe , T'Challa. Breathe ! T'Challa breathes in deeply , coughing up dirt . His batt wounds have healed.
64) 0) text: T'Challa enters to find Zuri tending to the garden. He lo around to the other Shamans.
64) 2) dialog: So your mission did not go as planned .
64) 4) dialog: That is not possible .
64) 6) dialog: Some truths are too much to bear , T'Challa.
64) 8) dialog: I promised the King to say nothing .
64) 12) dialog: Your uncle took a War Dog assignment in America . Your father placed me there to observe unbeknownst to him. Your uncle fell in love with an American woman. They had a child . The hardships he saw there radicalized your uncle.
65) 1) dialog: He knew your father would not support this , so your uncle betrayed us.
65) 3) dialog: He helped Klaue steal the vibranium .
65) 12) dialog: Your father killed his own brother . ..
65) 15) dialog: To save my life .
65) 23) dialog: We left him .
66) 7) dialog: We had to maintain the lie . Gutted , T'Challa can't reconcile what he's just heard . turns his back on Zuri .
71) 2) dialog: The King will now have the strength of the Black Pa nther stripped away . Staring T'Challa down, Killmonger suddenly turns to Zuri They recognize each other. Zuri looks away ashamed.
71) 13) dialog: 
72) 14) dialog: I am the cause of your father's death. Not him . Take me . Regrouping, Killrnonger grabs Zuri's spear . T'Challa lab get up but can't . 84.