3) 0) text: It's the taping of another children's show -- "Rainbow Randolph and the Krinkle Kids." RANDOLPH SMILEY, a clean-cut man with a happy face and yellow bow tie, dances through Rainbowland with the "Krinkle Kids" (little people in top hats). He sings one of his signature songs: "Friends Come In All Sizes." One of the main Krinkle Kids -- ANGELO PIKE -- dances behind him.
11) 46) dialog: A job's a job.
27) 1) text: We met him backstage with Smoochy... innocent face... Angelo stirs a pot of soup in the worn-down but tidy apartment. A "Rhinette" costume is draped over one of the chairs. There is a sudden LOUD POUNDING on the door. Angelo puts the spoon down and reaches behind some spices on the shelf above. He pulls out a revolver. The POUNDING continues. ANGELO
27) 3) text: (friendly) Open up, buddy! It's me, Randolph! It's been a long time! Angelo puts the gun in his waistband and walks to the door. He slowly slides the chain off and opens the door a crack. Peering in at him are the bloodshot eyes of Rainbow Randolph. ANGELO
27) 4) text: Randy? Randolph suddenly kicks the door open and tackles Angelo. Randolph sits on top of the little man. RANDOLPH
27) 5) text: You fucking traitor! My body's barely cold and already you work for the rhino? ANGELO
27) 7) text: Don't lie to me! I heard all about it! You strapped that horn on faster than a cheerleader gets the clap! ANGELO
27) 9) text: You're a Krinkle Kid!   Not a Smooch-bag! Say it! ANGELO
27) 14) text: Say it: I am a Krinkle Kid! Say it, before God! On the soul of Jesus Christ! Say what you are! Angelo punches Randolph in the mouth and flips him over. He now sits on Randolph, pointing the revolver to his fac ANGELO
27) 16) text: (blubbering) I missed you so much. Can I stay here? I got no place to go. Angelo sighs and puts the gun away.
28) 0) text: Angelo and Randolph sit at the small kitchen table. Angelo watches as Randolph ravenously eats a bowl of soup. RANDOLPH
28) 7) text: I got liens, back taxes, lawyer's bills, threats against my life... I basically got the whole fucking world up my ass. It's okay, I got a loooong memory, son. (Amos and Andy dialect) What dey sow, dey gonna reap. He cackles insanely as he picks up a bottle of gin and takes a deep swig. He passes out and falls off the chair. Angelo leans down and lifts his head off the floor. ANGELO
28) 8) text: Stop doing this to yourself! Randolph doesn't respond.    Angelo slaps his face. ANGELO
61) 0) text: Randolph is napping on Angelo's couch with an ice pack on his sore jaw thanks to Nora's fist. There is a sudden LOUD POUNDING at the door. Randolph startles awake. RANDOLPH
66) 7) text: I hate you! I fucking hate you!!! You devil-horned mind fucker! Die, die, die!! Angelo, who was cooking in the kitchen, runs out.       H wearing an apron. ANGELO
66) 8) text: What are you doing?! That's a Zenith! (notices cheese curls) Look at this place! He grabs the lamp from Randolph. ANGELO
66) 10) text: (suddenly scared) Where am I supposed to go? ANGELO
84) 0) text: Cops rummage through Angelo's apartment. In the b.g., a detective, ELLIS, interviews Angelo. Another detective, McCALL, is looking through some papers he found. McCALL
86) 7) dialog: The papers say you were the mastermind.
86) 9) dialog: I believe you, Randy. But you can't come back to my place. They'll find you. You gotta go underground.
88) 8) text: There was a little angel in pigtails. She was the only one who cared about me. She saved my life. Angelo hops up on the conveyor belt to console Randolph. Randolph rests his head on Angelo's shoulder. ANGELO
88) 10) text: Perhaps it's time to heal. To accept the fact that Smoochy has won and gracefully march forward. True, I'm currently wanted for a murder I didn't commit. But I have faith. Faith that justice will prevail. ANGELO
88) 12) text: Did you bring lunch? ANGELO
88) 14) text: Chicken and stars? ANGELO
88) 16) text: Can I have some, please? ANGELO
88) 17) text: For a smile. Randolph sniffs and manages a small pitiful smile. Angelo musses his hair. ANGELO
88) 22) text: Here, I got you some crossword puzzles and stuff to read. Angelo hops off the conveyor belt and turns on the hot plate. He starts to open a can of soup. Randolph reaches into the bag and pulls out a copy of the New York Post. The lead article's headline reads, "WAKE FOR SPINNER." A large photograph shows mourners leaving the restaurant after the wake. Clearly visible are Sheldon and Nora. They have their arms around each other. Randolph's eyes widen. He starts to hyperventilate. Angelo looks up. ANGELO
88) 24) text: Motherfucker!!!!!!! Angelo drops the soup.      Birds in the factory flutter the rafters.
99) 0) text: Angelo's place looks like a cyclone hit it. Angelo works free from the ropes that have bound his wrists. He has been hit over the head and is groggy as he reaches for the phone.
100) 1) text: (sing-songy) Hellooo! We GO TO a SPLIT-SCREEN with Angelo. ANGELO
100) 6) text: Yes, Angelo, my little Twinkie, shouldn't you be getting ready for the big show? ANGELO
100) 8) text: Buggy Double D's?   The Dong Man? ANGELO
100) 10) text: Sheldon's in trouble.   I gotta get down to the Garden. ANGELO