16) 4) text: Back in my college days I could put away a carton of the stuff. A sharply-dressed man, BURKE BENNETT, sits down next to Sheldon. BURKE
16) 5) text: (to Bartender) Gimme a Five Crown. The Bartender nods.    He looks over at Sheldon. BURKE
16) 7) text: (flattered) Gee, thanks. I usually don't get recognized without my horn. Burke extends his hand. BURKE
16) 8) text: Burke Bennett.    I represent kid show talent.
17) 0) text: Sheldon and Burke now sit at a corner table. BURKE
17) 2) text: That's so sad. Is it just me, or is that sad? BURKE
17) 4) text: Wow, you represented Dicky Gimble? BURKE
17) 5) text: Yeah, before the asshole found religion. Anyway, Stokes was trying to screw my boy out of some merchandising points. Claimed he had a warehouse full of Dicky dolls that weren't moving. Now Frank and I are old friends, so I say to him, 'Okay, cock, show me the warehouse' -- see, I know the fucking warehouse is in the Bronx, and I know it's emptier than my wife's head. (chuckles) To make a long story short, I walk out with a check for a hundred grand and Stokes is sitting there with his thumb up his ass. Burke laughs. SHELDON
17) 10) text: I should be the one who raises him! BURKE
17) 12) text: It's funny, that never crossed my mind. Burke downs the rest of his drink and stands up. BURKE
17) 13) text: Unfortunately, until then... you're just another puppet in the prop room. He hands Sheldon his card. BURKE
18) 0) text: Randolph peers through the restaurant's front window. He shivers from the cold as he watches Sheldon and Burke shake hands. Burke heads for the exit. Randolph quickly ducks into the shadows. A moment later, Burke exits the club and walks down the street. Randolph pops out. RANDOLPH
18) 1) text: I saw you! I saw you in there... at my table... talking to him. BURKE
18) 7) text: Not anymore, pal. You're a cigarette butt. Go lay in the gutter. Burke walks off.
24) 2) text: Burke sits on the couch next to Sheldon, reading the paper. He shakes his head in disgust. Nora sits in a chair near Stokes. SHELDON
24) 4) text: Anyhoo, I'd like to turn the floor over to my new agent, Mr. Burke Bennett. So... heeeeeere's Burke! Sheldon applauds.    Burke stands. BURKE
24) 11) text: Man, I love club soda. Sheldon laughs, trying to lighten the mood.       Burke g him an affectionate slap. STOKES
24) 12) text: We've always managed to come to some sort of arrangement, Burke. Why the fireworks? BURKE
24) 13) text: 'Cause I'm holding all the gunpowder. I represent the man who created, owns, and controls every square inch of Smoochy the Rhino. Burke pours himself a drink from Stokes' private bar. BURKE
24) 15) text: Burke, of course, is in no way comparing me to God. BURKE
24) 21) text: To be fair, Nora, I was booked to open a car wash in Montauk. BURKE
24) 23) text: What is that, exactly? Burke walks over to Stokes' desk and leans across it. He's an inch from Stokes' face. BURKE
25) 2) text: Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the nightclub.    Bur raises his glass.
25) 7) text: I'm still in shock. Complete creative control, part ownership of the show, discretion over merchandising and a dressing room with a toilet! Am I dreaming or what? BURKE
25) 9) text: Boy, imagine... me, living in a penthouse. Who'd a thunk it. BURKE
25) 11) text: Jeez, I hope not. I have a deep respect for money. Not to mention Ben Franklin who had some remarkable achievements in his lifetime. Burke pulls out a paper bag and hands it to Sheldon. SHELDON
25) 12) text: What's this? BURKE
25) 18) text: I've never owned a gun, I've never touched a gun, and I don't believe in guns. When I played cowboys and Indians as a kid, I was always the Chinese railroad worker. BURKE
25) 19) text: Trust me, Shel. It's a handy accessory in this business. Even if you don't load it, have it for show. Sometimes that's all you need. Especially with a creep like Randolph lurking around. Burke and Sheldon look up and notice the hulking, grinning figure of SPINNER DUNN standing over them. Spinner has the smile of a little boy despite his crooked nose and scarred face. He extends his hand. SPINNER
26) 4) text: Well, I don't know why if there's enough room here to... Spinner starts Jiggying and Ziggying for Sheldon. He bangs into a table and knocks over someone's drink. BURKE
26) 12) text: He seems pretty popular. It must take real talent to run a place like this. BURKE
26) 15) text: (loudly) Don't go anywhere, Smoochy! I'll be right back after I take a dump! Spinner releases the Senator's hand and rushes off. BURKE
37) 0) text: We are TIGHT ON the feet of an Irish dancer doing a sort of Riverdance. We WIDEN OUT and the rest of the dancers come INTO FRAME. Spinner and the mob ar clapping and whooping. Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the dark club having a conversation. SHELDON
37) 1) text: Burke, I never agreed to do an ice show. BURKE
37) 3) text: Ice shows represent everything I'm against. They're mindless spectacles whose main purpose is to sell overpriced sugar-water and cheap plastic toys that splinter in a kid's mouth on the ride home. BURKE
37) 5) text: Until now. Smoochy doesn't sell out, Burke. You should be proud of that. Proud that you represent a client who paves driveways, not paints them over. BURKE
37) 6) text: I'm thrilled, Shel. Knocked out. Burke just sits there, stunned.   A waitress, SANDY, passes by the booth. SHELDON
42) 0) text: A troubled-looking Sheldon stands on his balcony looking out at the city. He drinks orange juice straight from the carton. Sheldon is on the phone with Burke. SHELDON
42) 1) text: This is unacceptable, Burke!    I'm calling the authorities. BURKE (V.O.)
42) 3) text: I was threatened by an organization that's supposed to help children! What kind of world is this? BURKE (V.O.)
42) 4) text: The real one. My advice? Consider the ice show and stay healthy. Burke hangs up. After a beat, Sheldon's DOORBELL RINGS. He walks over to the door and opens it. To his surprise, Nora is standing there. NORA
60) 4) text: Hi, Tommy. Hi, Spinner.   Has Burke been in tonight?
67) 0) text: Spinner's massive arms envelope Sheldon in a bear hug, practically lifting him out of his seat. Burke, who's having dinner with Sheldon, holds onto the table before it gets knocked over. SHELDON
67) 9) text: Sure, why not. Spinner starts marching through the restaurant, clanging the cowbell. People who are trying to eat their dinner look annoyed. Sheldon sits back down at his table. BURKE
67) 11) text: Yes. Some very good news. After giving it a lot of thought... I've decided to do the ice show. Burke gleefully slaps Sheldon on the shoulder. BURKE
67) 13) text: I realize now it's a sin to waste your power. BURKE
67) 18) text: But here's the really good news: I'm doing it myself. No sponsors, no vendors, no crooks. Not one dirty hand will touch this. Not one person will make a dollar off these kids. Smoochy on Ice will be a study in purity. Burke's grin suddenly fades. SHELDON
67) 19) text: As far as food concessions go, I'll supply the refreshments. For free. Low sodium, whole wheat pretzels and apple slices. Healthy stuff. Now are you ready for the best part? BURKE
67) 21) text: All profits from ticket sales will be used to built a state-of-the- art methadone clinic in Coney Island. Burke looks pale. SHELDON
67) 22) text: I'm not just talking a run-of-the- mill clinic... I'm going to build a methadone palace. A place where men and women can withdraw in luxury. BURKE
67) 28) text: All this time I was letting the business use me. Well, I think it's time I start using the business. I've got my clout back and I'm not gonna waste it this time. Take care of it, Burke. Sheldon exits.    Burke sits there, looking very concerne On his way out the door, Tommy stops Sheldon.       Spinn COWBELL CLANGING continues. TOMMY
70) 0) text: It's a chilly, grey afternoon. Stokes and Burke walk alon the lake framed by the New York skyline. STOKES
70) 1) text: Your client is suffocating me. To make matters worse, he's caused me to veer into a hazardous situation. A situation that otherwise could have a very happy ending. BURKE
70) 3) text: They're ruthless. Unwavering. Unprincipled. And best of all, they know how the game is played. They respect our delicate ecosystem of mutual benefit. Stokes stops walking and grabs Burke's arm. STOKES
70) 4) text: I'd bring you in on this, Burke. You'd be my partner on the Takashi deal. Split down the middle. We have an opportunity to get back on track here. Back to the way it was. BURKE
70) 6) text: Pre-rhinoceros. The two men look at each other as thoughts pass silently between them. BURKE
70) 8) text: Well, you're used to a little glue on your shoes. Burke smiles. BURKE
71) 6) text: And you tell that fat producer of yours, if he ever gives me a low head count again, he'll lose the other thumb. One of Merv's thugs leans in, whispers something to Merv, who looks up to see. Burke standing in the mouth of the alley. BURKE
71) 8) text: Well, if it ain't smilin' Burke. Whose bones are you pickin' today? BURKE
72) 0) text: Burke and Merv walk along 42nd Street. A poster advertises Peter Pan "Sponsored by Parade of Hope -- Giving Children the Gift of Promise!" Merv's thugs trail behind. MERV
72) 1) text: No one freezes me out of an ice show. No one. I don't care how many fucking clinics he's trying to save. BURKE
72) 3) text: If you're trying to aggravate me, you're doing a hell of a job. BURKE
72) 5) text: That's an ugly string of words. BURKE
72) 6) text: He's got it in his head that he's gonna clean up the way we do business. (beat) Truthfully? I wouldn't be surprised if he's wearing a wire. Burke looks at his watch. BURKE
72) 7) text: Jesus, I got a thing across town. He steps off the curb to hail a cab. BURKE
72) 8) text: Let's keep talking, Merv. There's oughta be some kind of solution. Don't you think? Burke hops into a cab.   Merv watches the cab pull away.
95) 0) text: A hula dancer performs on a tiny stage in the nightclub. A small Hawaiian string band plays behind her. Burke and a nervous-looking Stokes sit in a booth.
95) 2) dialog: Relax, everything's gonna work out.
95) 4) dialog: Look, we can cover all the tracks we want, but in the end we still got the same problem. We gotta finish what we started.
95) 9) dialog: It'll all be over tonight. Buggy's gonna take care of everything.
95) 13) dialog: Speak of the devil. Have a seat, Bug. Buggy Ding-Dong's hand ENTERS the FRAME and snubs out his Camel. Stokes looks up.
95) 17) dialog: It's time we put this thing to rest, Frank. And the way I see it... the rhino's up past his bedtime. Burke hands a folded envelope to Buggy who puts it into his jacket pocket. He lights another Camel.
100) 9) text: Yeah, he lifted my backstage pass and he's braggin' that he's doing some kind of job for Burke Bennett. Randolph thinks.    He suddenly looks very worried. RANDOLPH
104) 22) text: (whispering to Burke) What's he doing here?! He's going to screw everything up! Nora notices the distressed look on their faces and follows their gaze to the rafters. She now sees the rifle barrel.
104) 24) text: (screaming) Sheldon!!! She starts to climb out of the box but Burke stops her. BURKE
104) 27) text: Nora, please. It's not what you think. I'm grooming you. You're going to run the division one day... She pushes him. He goes down hard. She starts to climb out of the box. Burke tries to grab her, but she spins around and punches him. She runs for the rink. Stokes stands in the box looking dumbstruck as pande- monium plays out around him. People are running in all directions, cops are everywhere. STOKES
104) 28) text: (frightened; to Burke) What now? What do we do now?! BURKE
104) 29) text: Survival of the fittest! Burke runs off through the panicked crowd. Stokes looks around and heads off in the opposite direction.
105) 7) text: Burke's with Stokes.   He's been in it all along. Sheldon looks toward the network box. Beyond it, through the smoke, he sees Burke shoving his way through people who jam the exit trying to escape. Sheldon reaches into his costume and pulls out his gun. NORA
106) 0) text: Burke makes a run for it down 33rd Street. A moment later, Sheldon emerges from the building. He sees Burke in the distance and takes off after him. He's still in his skates and wearing the partially-blown-off Smoochy head.
107) 0) text: A few moments later Sheldon rounds the corner. He looks down the street and sees no sign of Burke. He notices an alley by an abandoned building.
108) 0) text: Sheldon walks slowly into the alley, gun drawn. Suddenly, Burke jumps out from behind some boxes. He whacks Sheldon's head with a garbage can lid. The gun goes flying. Burke goes for it, but Sheldon is quickly on his feet and pounces on him. The two men fight it out. Burke manages to get on top of Sheldon and starts to strangle him. BURKE
108) 1) text: You fucking point a gun at me? A gun I gave you as a gift?! Where's your fucking etiquette? Just as Sheldon begins to lose consciousness, we hear a GUNSHOT. Burke looks up. Nora stands there, pointing Sheldon's gun directly at him.
108) 3) text: Now. Before I pump one in that Grecian Formula scalp of yours. Burke smirks as he releases Sheldon. Sheldon jumps up and takes the gun from Nora. He shakily points it at Burke. BURKE
108) 4) text: You know something, kid? You've turned out to be an incredible pain in the ass. Burke slowly stands up, brushing off his suit.
108) 15) text: I'm not Smoochy. Sheldon is shaking as he extends the gun to Burke's head. SHELDON
108) 16) text: I finally realized we're living in a different jungle. Burke suddenly looks fearful, as does Nora.
108) 27) text: We'll take it from here, kid, you run along with your girl. Get on with your life. Sheldon looks over at Burke, who's petrified.