6) 0) text: The Rainbow Randolph/Krinkle Kid set is being dismantled. Backdrops are rolled up and the giant rainbow centerpiece is wheeled off. Workers with push brooms sweep up tons of glittery "magic Rainbow dust."
25) 18) text: I've never owned a gun, I've never touched a gun, and I don't believe in guns. When I played cowboys and Indians as a kid, I was always the Chinese railroad worker. BURKE
39) 9) text: He is not a mental patient. He's an ex-boxer and nightclub owner who happens to have the sweet innocent brian of a five-year-old!
57) 0) text: On a large screen TV the smiling Asian face of Takashi Yamashita, who's singing Cole Porter's "I Get a Kick Out of You" in Japanese. CUT BACK to reveal Takashi wearing a white sequined tuxedo with tails as he plays a white grand piano. He looks like an Asian Liberace. He is circled by a group of Japanese children who sing along with him. CHICK (V.O.)
58) 0) text: Several tough-looking Asian men -- CHICK, SAMBO, and TOBI -- Takashi's management group -- sits in Stokes' office. Takashi sits quietly in the corner. Stokes sits behind his desk, sipping his trademark glass of wine. CHICK
58) 10) text: You mean like this? Chick snaps his fingers and Tobi, the third Asian guy, walks over and drops a duffel bag on Stokes' desk. STOKES
65) 5) text: Smoochy!!! The lights come up as the Smoochyland Band plays a strong, dramatic version of "Battle Hymn of the Republic." After a moment, Smoochy slowly rises from a lift under the stage. A giant sign above the jungle lights up and emits a pyrotechnic shower of sparks. It reads: WELCOME HOME SMOOCHY!
68) 2) text: Chick, the Asian representative of Takashi, holds a revolver on Stokes. His cohorts, Sambo and Tobi, stand by. CHICK
70) 2) text: Tell me more about the Asians. STOKES
89) 11) dialog: See the neck? Snapped like a twig. Animals... Parade of Hope's calling card. When they do a guy, they like to sign the tab. TOMMY
92) 0) text: Nora is alone in Stokes' office, rearranging cards on the giant cork board that displays the network schedule. She is startled to hear a deep voice behind her.
95) 0) text: A hula dancer performs on a tiny stage in the nightclub. A small Hawaiian string band plays behind her. Burke and a nervous-looking Stokes sit in a booth.
108) 3) text: Now. Before I pump one in that Grecian Formula scalp of yours. Burke smirks as he releases Sheldon. Sheldon jumps up and takes the gun from Nora. He shakily points it at Burke. BURKE