8) 0) text: Stokes sits behind his mahogany desk, sipping a glass of wine as he goes over potential Randolph replacements with NORA BISHOP, his pretty protege. STOKES
8) 1) text: Bumble Bee Billy? NORA
8) 3) text: Square Dance Danny? NORA
8) 5) text: Skippy Black and the Tippy Trolls? NORA
8) 6) text: Black was deported, and the trolls... well, who gives a shit. Nora kicks the table in frustration.
8) 11) text: Before indulging such cheery fantasies, let's just concentrate on saving my job. Shall we? NORA
8) 13) text: What's going on with Sheldon Mopes these days. Nora laughs. NORA
8) 15) text: Sap's just the pill we need right now. Mopes is a straight arrow. Always has been. NORA
8) 22) text: And each one a moral question mark. Something I can't risk at the moment. NORA
8) 24) text: Except ethics. With Mopes, there's never been a whiff of controversy. The man's an ethical, harmless, cornball. In short, a glass of milk on two legs. Stokes stops pacing. NORA
9) 5) text: Thanks, fellas. I'm rooting for you! We PAN AWAY FROM Sheldon TO the exit.      Standing there her coat, looking mortified, is Nora.
10) 0) text: Nora sits in the reception area. Sheldon emerges in his street clothes. He carries Smoochy's body on a hanger over his shoulder and carries a large shopping bag which holds Smoochy's head. NORA
10) 7) text: Really? Thanks. I would've done a longer set if that guy hadn't pulled a knife on the security guard. Once the pepper spray starts flyin', that's it for the encores. NORA
10) 9) text: Are you a new patient?   On the juice, as we say? NORA
10) 12) text: Good gravy. You work for Kidnet? NORA
10) 14) text: Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, Nora. A real honor. Hey, you hungry?
11) 5) text: (with full mouth) Soy dogs... never thought I'd live to see the day. Organic, rich in natural protein, and nobody gets killed. Although I do feel bad for the beans. Just kidding. Sure you don't want one? NORA
11) 7) text: So anyway, like I was saying, people always tell me, 'You gotta network, Sheldon... you gotta sell yourself... or you'll be playing the drug clinics and shopping centers the rest of your life.' And you know what I tell 'em? NORA
11) 10) text: This is concrete!   This is integrity! NORA
11) 17) text: See, I was raised by my grandfather, and Grandpop paved driveways for a living... NORA
11) 19) text: Thing is, he didn't really pave them. Just covered them with black paint. Of course, once the first rain came along, people realized they'd been swindled. I vowed to myself back then that I'd never make a living through deception. Never. Whadda ya think of them apples? Nora looks glassy-eyed.      She takes a deep breath. NORA
11) 20) text: The reason I'm here today, Mr. Mopes, as fate would have it, Kidnet is currently looking for a performer with... convictions. And integrity. Someone like... She almost chokes on the word. NORA
11) 22) text: Yeah, right. Got any more jokes? NORA
11) 29) text: I knew this day   would come! After all these   years I finally meet someone in   the business who gets what I do.    Who gets what I'm all about. You    get me, don't you, Nora? NORA
14) 2) text: The wind-up Smoochy lays upside-down on the carpet next to Nora's desk, legs grinding lamely in the air. Various Smoochy items are spread out on her desk top. A restless-looking Sheldon and a few members of Nora's staff are in on the meeting. NORA
14) 3) text: Again, these are just prototypes. I've been assured by FunZone that all the bugs will be worked out before Christmas. Sheldon raises his hand.   Nora ignores him and looks at her watch. NORA
14) 5) text: Okay, time out, people! If I may interject, I think we're putting the cart before the horse here... Nora throws him an icy look.
14) 9) text: Smoochy's still earning the trust of the kids. We don't want to compromise that by asking them to buy shampoo and cheese. How 'bout we just concentrate on doing the best show possible. Huh? Without all the bells and whistles and rickata-rackita. What do you say, guys? Nora casually picks up a Smoochy Frisbee from her desk and sails it toward the open door. It lands in the hallway. NORA
14) 11) text: No problem, I'll get it. He walks out to the hallway. NORA
14) 12) text: (to staffer) Shut the door please, John. John shuts the door. NORA
14) 13) text: Now lock it. He locks it. NORA
15) 0) text: Nora emerges from the revolving door of the Kidnet building which is located in the heart of Times Square and heads down Broadway. Sheldon emerges from the building. SHELDON
15) 1) text: Hey, Nora, wait up. She keeps walking. Sheldon catches up and walks alongside her, occasionally getting jostled by passersby.
15) 5) text: Good meeting today. I thought we tackled some hot issues. Although, I'll be honest, there were a few times that I felt my voice wasn't being heard. NORA
15) 7) text: I just want the show to have some weight, you know? Some substance. Silly songs, sure -- but with a message. Pop quiz: How many original compositions are in the Smoochy songbook? NORA
15) 9) text: Try two thousand. Covering every topic from how yummy vegetables are to the importance of donating plasma. Don't you get it, Nora? I'm a valuable resource. Use me. Nora stops.    She looks Sheldon in the eye for the first time. NORA
15) 11) text: Sure. NORA
20) 2) text: Excuse me, Nora. Why was the 'Please and Thank You Song' cut? NORA
20) 7) text: Takes away? It enhances it! The cookie song is a meaningless piece of fluff without the 'Please and Thank You' coda! That's the moral anchor! That's where the lesson is! You can't sell the sizzle without the steak! NORA
20) 9) text: I can't do that. I will not condone children consuming endless amounts of refined sugar. I have to look myself in the mirror every morning. NORA
20) 11) text: You're treating me like a puppet. You know that? Well, guess what? I am not your puppet. NORA
22) 8) dialog: She looks pissed, but then looks over at the kids in the bleachers. Their faces are filled with laughter. For the first time she feels the connection Smoochy has with them.
24) 2) text: Burke sits on the couch next to Sheldon, reading the paper. He shakes his head in disgust. Nora sits in a chair near Stokes. SHELDON
24) 3) text: Thank you all for coming. I just wanted to iron out a few wrinkles I feel we're having in the communication department. No finger-pointing. Lord knows when you start pointing fingers, someone gets poked in the eye. Sheldon laughs.    Stokes and Nora sit stone-faced. SHELDON
24) 9) text: See this guy, Frank? Take a good long look, 'cause this prick saved your life. Without him you'd be sitting in Kaplan's right now, sucking club soda through a paper straw. (to Nora) And, you -- you'd be organizing puppet shows for the brats at P.S. 86. Excuse me, honey. NORA
24) 21) text: To be fair, Nora, I was booked to open a car wash in Montauk. BURKE
30) 0) text: Sheldon whistles as he walks down the hall, giving cheerful "hellos" and "good mornings" along the way.   He enters Nora's office.
31) 0) text: Nora is on the phone. She pretends not to notice him. Sheldon bides his time by inspecting knickknacks, examining photos on the wall, etc. Finally, he half- whispers/half-mouths to her: SHELDON
31) 1) text: Whenever you get a chance... I just need a second. NORA
31) 3) text: I'm sorry, you didn't have to hang up. NORA
31) 5) text: But I am still here. NORA
31) 7) text: Nora, I want us to start off on the right foot. I want you to know that I value your input and I don't want you to feel intimidated just because the power structure has changed a bit. I consider you a partner. NORA
31) 14) text: Fair enough. If you change your mind -- NORA
36) 1) text: You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit! I won't sleep until the worms are crawlin' up your foam rubber ass! I'm going on safari, motherfucker... safari! Sheldon hangs up stunned.       Nora walks in holding the news.
36) 2) dialog: Congratulations on your little ice show.
36) 4) dialog: It didn't take you long to sell out, did it? She tosses the paper on his desk.
36) 5) dialog: What happened to your precious integrity? Or was that just part of your dog and pony act. She exits.    A confused Sheldon looks at the "Around Tow column.
39) 7) dialog: Nice job. Casting the show with mental patients, I like that.
39) 10) dialog: Excuse me for not making the distinction. She leaves.
42) 4) text: The real one. My advice? Consider the ice show and stay healthy. Burke hangs up. After a beat, Sheldon's DOORBELL RINGS. He walks over to the door and opens it. To his surprise, Nora is standing there. NORA
42) 6) text: Sure. Nora enters. She seems a little wobbly.    Sheldon notice she's holding a pint of whiskey. SHELDON
42) 7) text: Uh... are you okay? NORA
42) 9) text: Oh. Well, not to make you feel worse, but with alcohol you're also consuming empty calories. Nora looks at him for a moment.
42) 14) text: Wow.   I'm honored. Nora trips slightly.     Sheldon takes the whiskey from h SHELDON
42) 15) text: Why don't we get some air? He leads her out on the balcony.    They look out at the city. NORA
42) 17) text: Well, it wasn't as bad as the week before when you called me a pasty- faced, no-talent hack. NORA
42) 19) text: I guess I didn't want to spoil your fun. You look so content when you're berating me. Nora looks down. NORA
42) 25) text: 'Sometimes light is really dark, Sometimes crows can sing like larks Sometimes Winter feels like Spring, Don't think you know everything.' NORA
42) 27) text: You remember Rickets? NORA
42) 29) text: That's how I felt! Rickets had real depth. He was my inspiration for Smoochy. NORA
42) 31) text: I can't believe it. I never met anyone who even remembers Rickets. Do you remember the Klunky-Wunky dance? NORA
42) 32) text: Remember it?   I did it at my first communion. Sheldon starts doing the rather insane-looking Klunky- Wunky dance. Nora does it with him. They both stop and look at each other. Sheldon impulsively leans in and kisses her. SHELDON
42) 33) text: I'm sorry. That was a mistake, right? I didn't mean for that to hap-- Nora grabs his head and pulls it toward her.       They b kissing passionately.
42) 38) text: No, no. NORA
42) 40) text: Yes, yes. NORA
42) 42) text: Shhh... you don't have to explain... They continue to kiss.      Nora abruptly stops. NORA
42) 44) text: Why? Nora exits the balcony and collects her coat and purse. SHELDON
42) 45) text: What's wrong? Is it the whiskey? If you have to throw up, be my guest. Anywhere you like. NORA
42) 46) text: It's just getting late. Sheldon follows her to the door. She stops and looks at him for a moment. The PHONE starts to RING. Neither of them says anything for a beat. NORA
53) 0) text: Nora exits the revolving door of the Kidnet building and heads down Broadway. Sheldon pops out from a store front. He's wearing a knit cap and sunglasses to disguise himself. SHELDON
53) 1) text: I have to talk to you. Nora keeps walking.
53) 6) text: Don't tell me you believe what they're saying! NORA
53) 8) text: Perform?     I barely sang one song. NORA
53) 10) text: Nora, I had no idea that was a Nazi function. None whatsoever! NORA
53) 12) text: The papers are blowing that out of proportion. It was nowhere near that big. Nora stops and looks Sheldon in the eye. NORA
53) 14) text: But what about the balcony? What about the Klunky-Wunky dance? NORA
58) 13) text: You're dealing with an honorable culture, Frank. We know how to play ball. Stokes unzips the bag and gazes at the money.     He look up at Chick and smiles. STOKES
59) 0) text: On Nora's TV screen, we see the black and white image of Rickets the Hippo doing the "Klunky-Wunky Dance." Nora sits on the couch and stares hypnotically at the screen. There is a KNOCK at the door. She gets up and ejects the "Best of Rickets" tape. She opens the door. To her surprise, Randolph is standing there. RANDOLPH
59) 6) text: Ahhh. Who do ya gotta blow to get a Scotch around here? He laughs. NORA
59) 8) text: Dammit, Nora! The rhino's gone! You need that slot filled and I'm ready to reclaim what's rightfully mine. NORA
59) 10) text: Okay, so maybe I commandeered a stray shekel or two. Big deal! Compared to what Smoochy did that's like jerking off in the supermarket. NORA
59) 17) text: Why we broke up I'll never know. NORA
59) 20) text: Damn it, Nora! The public is clamoring for me! I'm a fucking patriot! Mopes is a Nazi! He's evil! He's probably even gay! You should've seen the way he was checking me out in the car! NORA
59) 22) text: What does what mean? NORA
59) 24) text: No... it's just a vibe! A Nazi homosexual vibe! It emanates from the television! The whole Smoochy costume... with the erect horn... I mean, what's that all about? Nora starts to walk closer to him.       He backs up. NORA
59) 30) text: Were you at that rally? Tell me! Did you have something to do with this? She backs him against the wall and looks him in the eye. NORA
59) 32) text: You know, now I remember why we broke up. Always with the accusations. Bitch, bitch, bitch... Nora hauls off and punches him in the jaw.
60) 3) text: I want Smoochy back! I want to be on TV again! I want to play my cowbell! Nora enters the restaurant.    She looks around and approaches Tommy. NORA
60) 8) text: Haven't seen him. NORA
60) 10) text: Something I can help you with? NORA
61) 0) text: Randolph is napping on Angelo's couch with an ice pack on his sore jaw thanks to Nora's fist. There is a sudden LOUD POUNDING at the door. Randolph startles awake. RANDOLPH
64) 0) text: A makeup woman dabs Sheldon's forehead as he's about to go on. Nora stands next to him. A LOW TYMPANY ROLL is heard from the stage.
64) 3) dialog: I'm just sorry I didn't believe you... that I got swept up in the frenzy of anti-Smoochyism.
65) 10) dialog: watches nervously from offstage.
65) 16) text: Okay, I just wanted to get that off my chest. Who wants to do the Hokey-Pokey?! The kids cheer as the Smoochyland Band launches into the Hokey-Pokey song and Smoochy starts dancing. The kids pour out of the bleachers onto the jungle set. Everyone is dancing and having a ball. Nora is clapping to the music offstage. Sheldon and Nora exchange affectionate glances.
78) 6) text: Great!    I get to hit something! Spinner dances off. A beat later, Nora enters and shuts the door. There's an awkward beat of silence. NORA
78) 8) text: Hi. NORA
78) 10) text: Yeah, the papers seem to be really covering it. NORA
78) 12) text: Thanks. She nods. NORA
78) 15) dialog: No I mean about us. Sheldon looks uncomfortable.
78) 16) dialog: Ever since you've been back I just feel like there's something that's not connecting.
78) 21) dialog: I just thought we were on our way to something... granted, my mistaken belief that you had ties to Neo-Nazis might have put a damper on our relationship, but I'm sorry for -- Sheldon suddenly jumps up and grabs her. He kisses her passionately. Nora immediately starts ripping off his costume as they make out. They fall to the floor in a lustful embrace.
85) 16) text: (to the boys) Alright, boys, let's get shit- faced. For Spin. They head for the bar.    Nora and Sheldon look down at Spinner in silence. SHELDON
85) 17) text: Didn't Rickets the Hippo have a song about death? NORA
85) 18) text: 'The Last Nappy Time.' It gave me a lot of comfort when my mother died. (sings quietly) 'When doggies stop barking And fish cease to swim And Grandpa lays silent, from his head to his limbs Sadness will find you But soon you'll feel fine...' Sheldon joins in. SHELDON/NORA
88) 22) text: Here, I got you some crossword puzzles and stuff to read. Angelo hops off the conveyor belt and turns on the hot plate. He starts to open a can of soup. Randolph reaches into the bag and pulls out a copy of the New York Post. The lead article's headline reads, "WAKE FOR SPINNER." A large photograph shows mourners leaving the restaurant after the wake. Clearly visible are Sheldon and Nora. They have their arms around each other. Randolph's eyes widen. He starts to hyperventilate. Angelo looks up. ANGELO
89) 0) text: Sheldon and the Rhinettes work on some choreography for that night's show. Nora watches from the sidelines. As Sheldon skates on the ice rink, Merv enters with Roy and Danny. Sheldon skates over to them. Nora walks over, too.
89) 4) dialog: Merv Green?
90) 1) dialog: I knew Merv Green was a scumbag from the day he grabbed my ass at a 'Feed the Children' benefit.
92) 0) text: Nora is alone in Stokes' office, rearranging cards on the giant cork board that displays the network schedule. She is startled to hear a deep voice behind her.
92) 2) dialog: (attitude)
92) 6) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about and your cologne's making me nauseous. Other than that, you're great company. Chick looks at his boys and chuckles.
93) 0) text: Nora is pacing.    Sheldon sits by the fire. NORA
93) 2) text: What are you talking about? NORA
93) 5) dialog: Jesus, Sheldon! Don't you ever pick up a copy of International Performer? He's the hottest kid show host from Asia. Sheldon's head is swimming. Suddenly the front door to to the penthouse bursts open. Randolph, dressed like he's about to do his old show, stumbles in waving a gun.
93) 11) text: Tell him about a few of our experiments, Nora! Tell him! Sheldon looks stunned.    Nora hangs her head.
93) 15) dialog: (turns to Sheldon)
93) 18) dialog: That's not fair!
93) 26) dialog: Look, what I did before I met you is none of your business.
93) 33) dialog: Fix it yourself, asshole.
93) 42) dialog: Look, Randolph. We know it wasn't you who killed Spinner.
93) 52) text: Stop! It's too hot!    The heat! It's driving me mad! Randolph rolls Sheldon to the bottom. Nora reaches for a fireplace poker and whacks Randolph with it. Randolph cries out and drops the gun. Sheldon grabs it and points it at Randolph who lies on the floor, blubbering like a child. He's bleeding. RANDOLPH
93) 62) dialog: I guess.
94) 2) text: Sheldon loads his gun as Randolph is curled up on the couch like a little puppy. Nora hands him a cup of tea.
94) 5) dialog: (re: gun)
94) 11) dialog: You're letting them drag you down to their level.
94) 24) dialog: You just rest, Randolph. RANDOLPH
104) 22) text: (whispering to Burke) What's he doing here?! He's going to screw everything up! Nora notices the distressed look on their faces and follows their gaze to the rafters. She now sees the rifle barrel.
104) 23) dialog: jumps to her feet.      FAST PUSH IN TO Nora's mouth. NORA
104) 25) text: Nora... NORA
104) 27) text: Nora, please. It's not what you think. I'm grooming you. You're going to run the division one day... She pushes him. He goes down hard. She starts to climb out of the box. Burke tries to grab her, but she spins around and punches him. She runs for the rink. Stokes stands in the box looking dumbstruck as pande- monium plays out around him. People are running in all directions, cops are everywhere. STOKES
105) 7) text: Burke's with Stokes.   He's been in it all along. Sheldon looks toward the network box. Beyond it, through the smoke, he sees Burke shoving his way through people who jam the exit trying to escape. Sheldon reaches into his costume and pulls out his gun. NORA
105) 8) text: No, Sheldon, don't! Sheldon runs off leaving Nora.
108) 1) text: You fucking point a gun at me? A gun I gave you as a gift?! Where's your fucking etiquette? Just as Sheldon begins to lose consciousness, we hear a GUNSHOT. Burke looks up. Nora stands there, pointing Sheldon's gun directly at him.
108) 2) dialog: Let him go. Burke just looks at her. NORA
108) 3) text: Now. Before I pump one in that Grecian Formula scalp of yours. Burke smirks as he releases Sheldon. Sheldon jumps up and takes the gun from Nora. He shakily points it at Burke. BURKE
108) 12) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch. Sheldon cocks the gun. BURKE
108) 16) text: I finally realized we're living in a different jungle. Burke suddenly looks fearful, as does Nora.
108) 17) dialog: No, Sheldon. Sheldon closes his eyes as he tries to summon up the courage to pull the trigger.
108) 18) dialog: Sheldon! Suddenly, there's a voice from behind.
108) 30) dialog: Bus backfire. She pats him on the back.
110) 0) text: The car heads into the night, passing Sheldon and Nora, who have exited the alley. This will be Frank Stokes' final limo ride.
111) 0) text: Sheldon and Nora pause on the street.    Sheldon looks around him. SHELDON
111) 1) text: You know, a little grime here and there doesn't change the fact... it's still a beautiful city. He looks at Nora.