8) 13) text: What's going on with Sheldon Mopes these days. Nora laughs. NORA
8) 21) text: I probably have ten acts in my development file -- acts I've been cultivating -- that are more deserving than Sheldon Mopes. STOKES
9) 0) text: The lighted Ferris wheel spins CENTER FRAME. We CRANE DOWN and eventually LAND ON a side street with the amusement park looming in the b.g. We're in FRONT of a small building. The half-lit neon sign reads: CONEY ISLAND METHADONE CENTER. We DRIFT THROUGH the double doors THROUGH the reception area where random junkies loiter and fill out paperwork. We CONTINUE DOWN a narrow hallway as the faint sound of someone SINGING and playing the GUITAR INCREASES. We finally burst THROUGH another set of doors marked "Treatment Room." The singing now fills our ears as we PUSH IN ON the "performer" -- a big, puffy, orange rhinoceros. Smoochy. Or to be more specific, SHELDON MOPES.
9) 5) text: Thanks, fellas. I'm rooting for you! We PAN AWAY FROM Sheldon TO the exit.      Standing there her coat, looking mortified, is Nora.
10) 0) text: Nora sits in the reception area. Sheldon emerges in his street clothes. He carries Smoochy's body on a hanger over his shoulder and carries a large shopping bag which holds Smoochy's head. NORA
10) 1) text: Mr. Mopes? Sheldon stops. SHELDON
10) 6) text: I, uh, saw your performance tonight. Very... (searching) ... spirited. SHELDON
10) 8) text: Yes, that did put a damper on the evening, didn't it? SHELDON
10) 11) dialog: 'Nora Bishop. V.P. of Development. Kidnet.' (to Nora)
10) 13) text: As stated. Sheldon grabs her hand and shakes it. SHELDON
11) 6) text: Believe it or not, no. He takes another bite. SHELDON
11) 7) text: So anyway, like I was saying, people always tell me, 'You gotta network, Sheldon... you gotta sell yourself... or you'll be playing the drug clinics and shopping centers the rest of your life.' And you know what I tell 'em? NORA
11) 8) text: I haven't the foggiest. SHELDON
11) 9) text: I tell 'em, it's not about the old handshake and back slap game. It's not about adding fuel to the shlock machine. It's about doing good work. Having integrity. Making people happy and delivering a positive message. Foundations are built with concrete, not plaster of Paris! He pulls the stained, misshapen Smoochy head from the shopping bag. SHELDON
11) 11) text: (calmly) I can see that. Sheldon realizes his voice was getting too loud. SHELDON
11) 16) text: We all have our cross to bear. SHELDON
11) 18) text: Are we going into a story? SHELDON
11) 21) text: ... yourself. Sheldon laughs. SHELDON
11) 23) text: I don't think I could top that one. SHELDON
11) 28) text: (dryly) Yes... I believe we're ready to push ourselves to that level. SHELDON
11) 30) text: I'm afraid so. SHELDON
11) 33) text: KIDNET STUDIO WARDROBE ROOM. A team of designers and seamstresses cut, sew and shape endless sheets of orange foam rubber. Sheldon stands on a wooden box as he's measured from head to toe. On the wall is a blueprint labeled "Smoochy the Rhino -- REDESIGN." A costume designer walks over with the new Smoochy head and places it on Sheldon. As seamstresses fit him with the new Smoochy costume, various signs and billboards FLOAT THROUGH the FRAME, trumpeting copy like: "IT'S ALMOST SMOOCHY TIME!"
14) 2) text: The wind-up Smoochy lays upside-down on the carpet next to Nora's desk, legs grinding lamely in the air. Various Smoochy items are spread out on her desk top. A restless-looking Sheldon and a few members of Nora's staff are in on the meeting. NORA
14) 3) text: Again, these are just prototypes. I've been assured by FunZone that all the bugs will be worked out before Christmas. Sheldon raises his hand.   Nora ignores him and looks at her watch. NORA
14) 4) text: Okay, so let's recap before we break up... (refers to notes) Yes to the Smoochy ice pops. No to the Smoochy string cheese. And we're in a dick-measuring contest with Brown &amp; Brown over the shampoo split. Sheldon suddenly stands up. SHELDON
14) 10) text: (monotone) Oh, damn. SHELDON
15) 0) text: Nora emerges from the revolving door of the Kidnet building which is located in the heart of Times Square and heads down Broadway. Sheldon emerges from the building. SHELDON
15) 1) text: Hey, Nora, wait up. She keeps walking. Sheldon catches up and walks alongside her, occasionally getting jostled by passersby.
15) 6) text: I think that's a conservative estimate. SHELDON
15) 8) text: Do you sense my complete lack of interest? SHELDON
15) 9) text: Try two thousand. Covering every topic from how yummy vegetables are to the importance of donating plasma. Don't you get it, Nora? I'm a valuable resource. Use me. Nora stops.    She looks Sheldon in the eye for the first time. NORA
15) 10) text: Can I make this real easy for you? SHELDON
16) 0) text: Sheldon sits at the bar in the restaurant, nursing a drink and talking to the BARTENDER. He seems slightly drunk. SHELDON
16) 1) text: ... No, no, you misunderstand me. It's not that I'm literally comparing Captain Kangaroo to Jesus Christ. I'm just saying that the Captain, like Christ, was someone you could believe in. Those guys didn't care about bells and whistles and rickita-rackata. It was all about the work. Especially Jesus. Forget about it. The Bartender nods and starts to pour Sheldon another drink. SHELDON
16) 3) text: I never saw anyone get loaded on orange juice before. SHELDON
16) 4) text: Back in my college days I could put away a carton of the stuff. A sharply-dressed man, BURKE BENNETT, sits down next to Sheldon. BURKE
16) 5) text: (to Bartender) Gimme a Five Crown. The Bartender nods.    He looks over at Sheldon. BURKE
16) 6) text: Smoochy the Rhino.    Wow.   I'm a big fan. SHELDON
17) 0) text: Sheldon and Burke now sit at a corner table. BURKE
17) 1) text: Look, Shel, Frank Strokes ain't in the business to make you rich. He's in it to make Frank Stokes rich. That's how these network goons operate. SHELDON
17) 3) text: You know, years ago, a client of mine, Dicky Gimble, was having a problem... SHELDON
17) 5) text: Yeah, before the asshole found religion. Anyway, Stokes was trying to screw my boy out of some merchandising points. Claimed he had a warehouse full of Dicky dolls that weren't moving. Now Frank and I are old friends, so I say to him, 'Okay, cock, show me the warehouse' -- see, I know the fucking warehouse is in the Bronx, and I know it's emptier than my wife's head. (chuckles) To make a long story short, I walk out with a check for a hundred grand and Stokes is sitting there with his thumb up his ass. Burke laughs. SHELDON
17) 11) text: Shel, it's all about the dough. After you get the money, you get the power. And after you get the power, you can have Smoochy walk on stage with a hard-on if you want. SHELDON
17) 13) text: Unfortunately, until then... you're just another puppet in the prop room. He hands Sheldon his card. BURKE
18) 0) text: Randolph peers through the restaurant's front window. He shivers from the cold as he watches Sheldon and Burke shake hands. Burke heads for the exit. Randolph quickly ducks into the shadows. A moment later, Burke exits the club and walks down the street. Randolph pops out. RANDOLPH
20) 8) text: It's cut. And I want the 'Cookie Song' lyrics changed back to the way they were originally scripted. SHELDON
20) 10) text: This is network television, not a sprout farm. We're here to sell sugar and plastic. That's what keeps the lights on. SHELDON
20) 12) text: Since when? Now get your spongy orange ass out there and dance for the cameras. An angry Sheldon storms off in frustration, but then stops. He looks back at her.
20) 13) dialog: We have different eyes, Nora. When I go out there I see kids. You see wallets with pigtails. He moves on. Nora stares at him as he walks away. He obviously got to her. As Sheldon heads toward the studio, he doesn't notice the two beady eyes staring at him from under the stairwell. After a beat, Randolph emerges and slinks backstage. He's clutching a duffle bag.
22) 23) dialog: What a special day with such special cookies!
24) 2) text: Burke sits on the couch next to Sheldon, reading the paper. He shakes his head in disgust. Nora sits in a chair near Stokes. SHELDON
24) 3) text: Thank you all for coming. I just wanted to iron out a few wrinkles I feel we're having in the communication department. No finger-pointing. Lord knows when you start pointing fingers, someone gets poked in the eye. Sheldon laughs.    Stokes and Nora sit stone-faced. SHELDON
24) 4) text: Anyhoo, I'd like to turn the floor over to my new agent, Mr. Burke Bennett. So... heeeeeere's Burke! Sheldon applauds.    Burke stands. BURKE
24) 5) text: As you can imagine, my client has many concerns, not the least of which is studio security, but we can address that later. He pats Sheldon's head like a dog.
24) 10) text: There's no excuse for you. SHELDON
24) 11) text: Man, I love club soda. Sheldon laughs, trying to lighten the mood.       Burke g him an affectionate slap. STOKES
24) 14) text: God created Adam and what did he get? A fucking dud. My guy? He breathed life into a winner. And anyone who does a better job than God is gonna have a price. SHELDON
24) 20) text: You seem to forget that we went out and found 'your guy.' Dug up his corpse. Handed him his own show when he couldn't sell his face to a photo booth. SHELDON
25) 2) text: Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the nightclub.    Bur raises his glass.
25) 6) text: To the star and new executive producer of the Smoochy show! May your reign be a long and healthy one! They clink glasses. SHELDON
25) 8) text: And don't forget the corporate penthouse. It took me six years to get that for Randolph. SHELDON
25) 10) text: It's called the high life, kid. Get used to it. Pretty soon you'll be burnin' one hundred dollar bills just to see Franklin break a sweat. SHELDON
25) 11) text: Jeez, I hope not. I have a deep respect for money. Not to mention Ben Franklin who had some remarkable achievements in his lifetime. Burke pulls out a paper bag and hands it to Sheldon. SHELDON
25) 13) text: That's your graduation present. Something you're gonna need now. Sheldon reaches in the bag and pulls out a revolver. He recoils in horror and immediately drops it back in the bag.
25) 17) text: Think of it as a tool of the trade. SHELDON
25) 19) text: Trust me, Shel. It's a handy accessory in this business. Even if you don't load it, have it for show. Sometimes that's all you need. Especially with a creep like Randolph lurking around. Burke and Sheldon look up and notice the hulking, grinning figure of SPINNER DUNN standing over them. Spinner has the smile of a little boy despite his crooked nose and scarred face. He extends his hand. SPINNER
25) 20) text: Hiya, Smoochy! I'm Spinner! Spinner! SHELDON
25) 22) text: I'm so excited to meet you!    I'm Spinner! Spinner's massive hand engulfs Sheldon's.
25) 23) dialog: (remembers)
26) 0) text: Spinner is still pumping Sheldon's hand. SPINNER
26) 1) text: You know what I love, Smoochy? I love when you do the Jiggy Ziggy dance! You know, the one you do during 'Silly Time?' SHELDON
26) 3) text: Wanna see me do it? SHELDON
26) 4) text: Well, I don't know why if there's enough room here to... Spinner starts Jiggying and Ziggying for Sheldon. He bangs into a table and knocks over someone's drink. BURKE
26) 5) text: Okay, champ, don't get overheated. Spinner stops, out of breath.       He leans over and hug Sheldon.
26) 9) text: I love you. SHELDON
26) 11) text: Spinner, come over and meet the Senator! Spinner dutifully hurries over to Tommy. SHELDON
29) 0) text: We are ON the smiling goofy face of Sheldon, whose picture graces the front page of Variety under the headline, "MOPES TO EXECUTIVE PRODUCE SMOOCHY SHOW." The subhead reads, "TENURE TO BEGIN TODAY." A dollar bill is slapped down over the picture. We WIDEN OUT to see Sheldon buying the magazine at the newsstand in front of the Kidnet Building. He turns and walks toward the Kidnet entrance. He stops and looks up at the building. Smiling, he takes a deep breath and enters.
30) 0) text: Sheldon whistles as he walks down the hall, giving cheerful "hellos" and "good mornings" along the way.   He enters Nora's office.
31) 0) text: Nora is on the phone. She pretends not to notice him. Sheldon bides his time by inspecting knickknacks, examining photos on the wall, etc. Finally, he half- whispers/half-mouths to her: SHELDON
31) 2) text: (into the phone) Listen, can I call you back? Yeah, some asshole's screaming in my ear. Thanks. She hangs up. SHELDON
31) 4) text: If I didn't you'd still be here. SHELDON
31) 6) text: I'm hoping to correct that. SHELDON
31) 8) text: Great. That'll come in handy if we're ever at a square dance. SHELDON
31) 13) text: No. SHELDON
31) 15) text: I won't. Sheldon just nods and starts to exit. SHELDON
31) 16) text: Okay then, I'll be in my office if you need me. If you want to brainstorm about anything. Ideas and so forth. He passes a plant by the door. SHELDON
32) 0) text: Sheldon walks slowly down the hallway.     He no longer h a bounce in his step.
33) 0) text: Sheldon enters his plush new office, awkwardly walks over to his new desk and sits behind it for the first time.
33) 1) dialog: Wow...
33) 8) text: So, I was wondering if maybe you could give him a little floor space. SHELDON
33) 10) text: You know, a little part on the show. You're the executive producer now. You call the shots, right? SHELDON
33) 11) text: Uh, that's a very sweet offer, and I love Spinner, but TV is a complicated medium and... I mean, that would be like me getting into the ring with a prizefighter. (laughs) Can you imagine such a thing? Boom. K.O.! What's the alphabet, Mommy? Sheldon laughs again.       Tommy gets quiet. TOMMY
33) 16) text: I don't want to mention names. The guys look menacingly at Sheldon. They rise and walk around his desk until they're on either side of him.
33) 20) text: You know what? Maybe I can find Spinner a little something to do on the show. That's probably the best solution. Tommy now smiles and walks over to Sheldon.       She mus Sheldon's hair. TOMMY
34) 0) text: Sheldon is in a meeting with a man, SONNY GORDON. SHELDON
34) 5) text: If you're looking to bring in that many pieces I gotta put a crew together. Plus, we're lookin' at transpo, a few leash handlers, a cleanup boy and a doper to keep the inventory quiet. SHELDON
35) 0) text: A frazzled-looking Sheldon is meeting with BEN FRANKS. BEN
35) 4) text: FunZone Toys would very much like the Smoochy contract, Mr. Mopes. SHELDON
35) 6) text: FunZone Toys would very much like the Smoochy contract, Mr. Mopes. Sheldon picks up the money and tosses it back to Ben. Sheldon rises from his desk. SHELDON
35) 7) text: Normally, sir, we take the trash out at the end of the day, but I think I'll make an exception in your case. Sheldon escorts Ben out the door and slams it shut.   The PHONE RINGS. Sheldon walks over and picks it up. SHELDON
35) 9) text: A Mr. Feedlepepper on line two. SHELDON
35) 11) text: He says he's an old friend. Sheldon punches line two.
36) 1) text: You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit! I won't sleep until the worms are crawlin' up your foam rubber ass! I'm going on safari, motherfucker... safari! Sheldon hangs up stunned.       Nora walks in holding the news.
36) 3) dialog: What are you talking about?
37) 0) text: We are TIGHT ON the feet of an Irish dancer doing a sort of Riverdance. We WIDEN OUT and the rest of the dancers come INTO FRAME. Spinner and the mob ar clapping and whooping. Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the dark club having a conversation. SHELDON
37) 2) text: Shel, do you know what kind of cash we'll take in between the gate and concessions? A venture like this gets you money and muscle. Times twenty. SHELDON
37) 4) text: Look, I know you got this fetish for ethics, but now's not the time to fly that kite. No one's ever refused a shot at an ice show. Sheldon tears the contract in half. SHELDON
37) 6) text: I'm thrilled, Shel. Knocked out. Burke just sits there, stunned.   A waitress, SANDY, passes by the booth. SHELDON
37) 12) dialog: I'm feeling feisty tonight.
39) 0) text: A beaming Spinner runs up to Sheldon, who's still in costume.
39) 5) dialog: Yeah, that was great, Spinner. Just watch your elbow next time. Pinky's probably gonna lose that tooth.
39) 8) dialog: (snapping)
40) 0) text: Sheldon exits the Kidnet building and walks to the curb to hail a cab. A friendly-looking man in a suit and bow tie approaches him. This is MERV GREEN. MERV
40) 1) text: Hi there. SHELDON
40) 3) text: Get in. SHELDON
41) 0) text: Sheldon slides into the back seat of the limo. A big thug in an overcoat, HENRY, is already sitting there. Merv gets in behind him and shuts the door. Sheldon is now wedged between the two men as the limo heads down Broadway. Merv extends his hand. MERV
41) 1) text: Merv Green, Sheldon. It's a pleasure to meet you. SHELDON
41) 2) text: If you're hoping for an autograph, the gun's a bit much. The whole 'catch more flies with honey' thing -- it really holds water. Sheldon laughs nervously. MERV
41) 3) text: Sheldon, I represent the Parade of Hope Foundation. Maybe you've heard of us. SHELDON
41) 6) text: Sheldon, let me get right to the point -- there's talk on the street that you're pulling out of the ice show. Is that true?
41) 11) text: Listen carefully, son: Parade of Hope has sponsored every Kidnet ice show since 1964. We take a piece off the top and everybody walks away happy. So let's not buck history. SHELDON
42) 0) text: A troubled-looking Sheldon stands on his balcony looking out at the city. He drinks orange juice straight from the carton. Sheldon is on the phone with Burke. SHELDON
42) 2) text: Don't do it, Shel. You rat on Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky if they find your toenails. These guys are the roughest of all the charities. SHELDON
42) 4) text: The real one. My advice? Consider the ice show and stay healthy. Burke hangs up. After a beat, Sheldon's DOORBELL RINGS. He walks over to the door and opens it. To his surprise, Nora is standing there. NORA
42) 5) text: May I come in? SHELDON
42) 6) text: Sure. Nora enters. She seems a little wobbly.    Sheldon notice she's holding a pint of whiskey. SHELDON
42) 8) text: I'm getting drunk and I'm not used to it. SHELDON
42) 13) text: It's just that... I want to apologize, actually. And on those rare occasions when I feel the need to apologize for something, it helps if I'm, you know... shit- faced. SHELDON
42) 14) text: Wow.   I'm honored. Nora trips slightly.     Sheldon takes the whiskey from h SHELDON
42) 16) text: I... I may have been a little harsh when we spoke the other day. A little out of line. SHELDON
42) 18) text: Yes, that was probably insensitive as well. (looks at him) I heard you're not doing the ice show. I find that... incredibly admirable. Why didn't you tell me? SHELDON
42) 26) text: (in disbelief) 'Rickets the Hippo'? SHELDON
42) 28) text: That was my favorite show when I was a kid. Rickets was the one face I knew I could trust. SHELDON
42) 30) text: Really? He was my inspiration to work in children's television. SHELDON
42) 32) text: Remember it?   I did it at my first communion. Sheldon starts doing the rather insane-looking Klunky- Wunky dance. Nora does it with him. They both stop and look at each other. Sheldon impulsively leans in and kisses her. SHELDON
42) 37) text: (as they kiss) You're not full of shit like all the others, are you? SHELDON
42) 39) text: (as they kiss) You're for real, right? SHELDON
42) 41) text: (through the kisses) I mean, I couldn't tell... First I thought it was an act... and then I just thought you were a simp or something... SHELDON
42) 43) text: I should go. SHELDON
42) 44) text: Why? Nora exits the balcony and collects her coat and purse. SHELDON
42) 46) text: It's just getting late. Sheldon follows her to the door. She stops and looks at him for a moment. The PHONE starts to RING. Neither of them says anything for a beat. NORA
42) 47) text: Better get that.    Good night. She exits. Sheldon shuts the door and sighs. He goes to the bar to pour himself another orange juice before picking up the phone.
42) 53) text: Hello, Mr. Mopes? My name is Benjamin Kunklepeck and I'm calling on behalf of 'Parents for Decency in Children's Television,' perhaps you've heard of us? SHELDON
43) 0) text: A black Lincoln Town Car travels across the bridge toward Staten Island. SHELDON (V.O.)
44) 0) text: Sheldon is in the back seat. The Smoochy costume is next to him. Behind the wheel is Randolph. He's in disguise.
44) 4) text: Don't be silly. The chance to have Smoochy the Rhino perform at our little soiree? I'd carry you piggy-back through a bed of hot rusty glass if I had to. SHELDON
44) 6) text: I just looove your show, by the way. It's such a refreshing change of pace from that dreadful embezzler... what's his name again? Rainbow something or other? SHELDON
44) 8) text: Yes. Rainbow Randolph. What a scoundrel! He's probably gay too. SHELDON
44) 10) text: (getting frustrated) Yeah, yeah, yeah, but don't you take particular glee in that you basically stole his time slot? Helped shovel dirt onto his miserable corpse, as it were? SHELDON
44) 15) text: (snapping) Come on, he's a fucking asshole! You hate him! Admit it! SHELDON
45) 0) text: The Town Car is parked behind an old warehouse in the middle of nowhere. Sheldon is now in costume. Randolph rushes out of the door, very excited. RANDOLPH
45) 1) text: Okay, they're ready for you! SHELDON
45) 3) text: Well, we like to do these things no-frills. It's all about the kids. SHELDON
45) 6) text: Knock 'em dead, kid! He shoves Sheldon inside.
46) 0) text: Sheldon runs in and immediately starts singing and dancing on the makeshift stage.
46) 4) text: 'Well, how-do-you-do, my   good friends! How do-you-do,    my pals! It's so nice to see good   friends! Sing along with me now!    How do you do, my good -- ' Sheldon abruptly stops singing as a look of shock comes over him. PUSH IN ON his troubled face.
47) 1) text: Heil Smoochy!    Heil Smoochy!   Heil Smoochy! A huge swastika banner unfurls behind Smoochy, framing him like Patton in front of the American flag. Flashbulbs go off. The "Heil Smoochys" continue. A GERMAN MARCH starts to BLARE from the SPEAKERS. Looking stunned, Sheldon slowly leans into the mic. He clears his throat. The MUSIC STOPS. Everyone quiets down. He searches for just the right words, and finally... SHELDON
47) 3) text: This is an unlawful assembly, you kraut sons-a-bitches! You're all under arrest! Pandemonium ensues us all the Nazis run for cover. Sheldon stands in the middle of it all, unsure what to do.
48) 0) text: Sheldon is led from the warehouse in handcuffs and is barraged with questions from waiting REPORTERS. Flashbulbs go off as they shout out questions.
48) 4) text: Are you officially a member of the Aryan Brotherhood, Sheldon? REPORTER #2
48) 7) text: How does it feel to be a hate- filled racist scumbag? SHELDON
48) 10) dialog: Wait!   I didn't say that!   I -- Sheldon is shoved into the back seat of a squad car. drives off, SIRENS BLARING.
50) 0) text: Sheldon stares out the window as the dark city passes by. We SLOWLY MOVE IN ON his eyes as we...
53) 0) text: Nora exits the revolving door of the Kidnet building and heads down Broadway. Sheldon pops out from a store front. He's wearing a knit cap and sunglasses to disguise himself. SHELDON
53) 5) text: We have nothing to talk about. SHELDON
53) 7) text: I don't have to believe anyone. The picture in the paper said it all. No one forced you to perform at that rally. SHELDON
53) 9) text: Well maybe next time you'll do a longer set. SHELDON
53) 11) text: Funny, you'd think the fifty-foot swastika you were standing in front of might've given you a hint. SHELDON
53) 12) text: The papers are blowing that out of proportion. It was nowhere near that big. Nora stops and looks Sheldon in the eye. NORA
53) 13) text: Look, the fact of the matter is, I don't know you, okay? Not really. So don't expect me to go out on an emotional limb here. Sheldon looks crushed. SHELDON
54) 0) text: A disheveled and unshaven Sheldon wanders the streets, looking dazed. He's stuffing a cupcake into his mouth and swigging from a bottle of root beer. He passes a construction site and notices some graffiti on a wall -- a crudely-drawn goose-stepping Smoochy in a Nazi uniform and Hitler moustache. Sheldon keeps walking. He descends the subway stairs at 42nd Street.
55) 0) text: Sheldon comes up from the subway.    We see the Cyclone from Astroland in the b.g.
56) 0) text: Sheldon stands in front of the methadone clinic he used to perform at. It's boarded up. He just stares at it. An OLD VAGRANT walks up to him. OLD VAGRANT
56) 2) text: Just once I wish I had a little clout. You know? I'd set things straight in this town, believe me. (sighs) Hell of a world. He walks off. SHELDON
59) 31) text: Did you set Sheldon up? Randolph just looks at her. RANDOLPH
60) 11) text: I have to talk to him.    It's about Sheldon. Spinner lifts his head from the bar. SPINNER
60) 12) text: Sheldon?     What about Sheldon?
63) 3) text: What about Ms. Bishop's charge that you have an unhealthy obsession with Sheldon Mopes? RANDOLPH
64) 0) text: A makeup woman dabs Sheldon's forehead as he's about to go on. Nora stands next to him. A LOW TYMPANY ROLL is heard from the stage.
64) 1) dialog: (to Nora)
64) 4) dialog: Well, this town's a house of mirrors sometimes. It's hard to know what you're looking at. He takes a couple of pre-show deep breaths.      A STAGEH approaches.
65) 16) text: Okay, I just wanted to get that off my chest. Who wants to do the Hokey-Pokey?! The kids cheer as the Smoochyland Band launches into the Hokey-Pokey song and Smoochy starts dancing. The kids pour out of the bleachers onto the jungle set. Everyone is dancing and having a ball. Nora is clapping to the music offstage. Sheldon and Nora exchange affectionate glances.
67) 0) text: Spinner's massive arms envelope Sheldon in a bear hug, practically lifting him out of his seat. Burke, who's having dinner with Sheldon, holds onto the table before it gets knocked over. SHELDON
67) 6) dialog: I missed you too, champ. He drops Sheldon and pulls out his cowbell. SPINNER
67) 7) text: I've been practicing and practicing and I got real good, Sheldon. Real good! He starts banging on it with a butter knife.      Sheldon cringes. SPINNER
67) 8) text: Wanna see me march? SHELDON
67) 9) text: Sure, why not. Spinner starts marching through the restaurant, clanging the cowbell. People who are trying to eat their dinner look annoyed. Sheldon sits back down at his table. BURKE
67) 10) text: So you were saying you had some good news? SHELDON
67) 11) text: Yes. Some very good news. After giving it a lot of thought... I've decided to do the ice show. Burke gleefully slaps Sheldon on the shoulder. BURKE
67) 12) text: Finally! I got me a bar mitzvah boy. Today you are a man! SHELDON
67) 18) text: But here's the really good news: I'm doing it myself. No sponsors, no vendors, no crooks. Not one dirty hand will touch this. Not one person will make a dollar off these kids. Smoochy on Ice will be a study in purity. Burke's grin suddenly fades. SHELDON
67) 20) text: I'm holding my breath. SHELDON
67) 21) text: All profits from ticket sales will be used to built a state-of-the- art methadone clinic in Coney Island. Burke looks pale. SHELDON
67) 23) text: Sheldon, you can't do an ice show and cut out the vendors. And more importantly, you can't cut out the Parade of Hope. It's suicide. SHELDON
67) 24) text: You always told me, when you've got muscles you make the rules. Well, I'm feeling pretty strong right now. Sheldon rises and tosses his napkin down.
67) 28) text: All this time I was letting the business use me. Well, I think it's time I start using the business. I've got my clout back and I'm not gonna waste it this time. Take care of it, Burke. Sheldon exits.    Burke sits there, looking very concerne On his way out the door, Tommy stops Sheldon.       Spinn COWBELL CLANGING continues. TOMMY
67) 29) text: Shel, you gotta help me out. He bangs that goddamn thing from morning till night. I got a headache that goes from my eyes to my ass. SHELDON
74) 0) text: Sheldon sits in the back of a limo on his way to work, reading the paper. The headline blares: "SMOOCHY ANNOUNCES ICE SHOW AT GARDEN." The subhead reads:
74) 3) text: Sound advice, Mr. Mopes. If I ever get any power I'll give that a whirl. (notices crowd up ahead) Hey, what's going on up there? Sheldon glances up from his paper. SMOOCHY
75) 8) text: Whatcha doin', Rainbow Randolph? Randolph freezes as he looks down at the Little Girl. A slight look of hope comes over his face. She smiles sweetly at him, walks over, and blows out the match. Randolph is overcome with emotion. Just then, Sheldon's LIMO WHOOSHES past him. The crowd cheers.
76) 3) text: Sheldon gently tries to break the news to Spinner who's on the verge of tears. SHELDON
76) 5) text: (a little angry) I ain't no baby! SHELDON
77) 14) text: (leaning into Sheldon) Sheldon, this costume's makin' my nuts itch. Sheldon looks horrified. The Smoochyland Band quickly launches into some music. Smoochy, Moochy and a few other jungle animals begin to dance. Moochy's lumbering movements are in stark contrast to the choreographed steps of the others. As a bonus, he occasionally scratches his crotch.
78) 0) text: A happy Spinner (still in costume as Moochy) pokes his head into Sheldon's dressing room. Sheldon, still in costume as well, looks drained after the difficult taping. SPINNER
78) 7) text: Hi. SHELDON
78) 9) text: I read about the ice show. SHELDON
78) 11) text: I think it's great. What you're doing for that clinic. SHELDON
78) 14) dialog: Don't worry. Spinner just needs a little more rehearsal. I'll get him there.
78) 20) dialog: I guess I'm still readjusting a little. Like a guy who's come back from the war. Not that I'd equate my misfortune with the brave men and women who protect us overseas.
85) 4) dialog: It's my fault. He'd still be alive if it wasn't for me. He would have been so proud to be in the ice show. NORA
85) 5) text: There was nothing you could have done. Don't torture yourself. SHELDON
85) 6) text: I'm sorry, Spinner.   I'm so sorry. Tommy and the boys walk over. Tommy puts his arm around Sheldon as he gazes somberly at Spinner. TOMMY
85) 7) text: He really loved you, Shel. And this I guarantee -- that fucking Randolph has seen his last rainbow. We're gonna find him, cut off his balls, and shove 'em up his ass. SHELDON
85) 10) text: Don't forget -- that hit was meant for you, Shel. So from now on, everywhere you go, we go. SHELDON
85) 16) text: (to the boys) Alright, boys, let's get shit- faced. For Spin. They head for the bar.    Nora and Sheldon look down at Spinner in silence. SHELDON
85) 18) text: 'The Last Nappy Time.' It gave me a lot of comfort when my mother died. (sings quietly) 'When doggies stop barking And fish cease to swim And Grandpa lays silent, from his head to his limbs Sadness will find you But soon you'll feel fine...' Sheldon joins in. SHELDON/NORA
85) 19) text: 'In life we all have Our Last Nappy Time.' Sheldon looks at her.    They embrace as BAGPIPE MUSIC SWELLS.
88) 22) text: Here, I got you some crossword puzzles and stuff to read. Angelo hops off the conveyor belt and turns on the hot plate. He starts to open a can of soup. Randolph reaches into the bag and pulls out a copy of the New York Post. The lead article's headline reads, "WAKE FOR SPINNER." A large photograph shows mourners leaving the restaurant after the wake. Clearly visible are Sheldon and Nora. They have their arms around each other. Randolph's eyes widen. He starts to hyperventilate. Angelo looks up. ANGELO
89) 0) text: Sheldon and the Rhinettes work on some choreography for that night's show. Nora watches from the sidelines. As Sheldon skates on the ice rink, Merv enters with Roy and Danny. Sheldon skates over to them. Nora walks over, too.
89) 2) dialog: What's that?
89) 5) dialog: Are you sure? The cops have tons of evidence on Randolph.
90) 2) dialog: Well, God help those guys now. They're gonna get a first-class ride through the criminal justice system, and I'm buying the tickets.
90) 4) dialog: What does that mean?
91) 0) text: SHELDON
91) 3) dialog: Okay, got it.
91) 8) dialog: Thank you! Specifics about his head are superfluous at this point.
93) 0) text: Nora is pacing.    Sheldon sits by the fire. NORA
93) 1) text: It's Stokes. He's behind the whole thing! He cut some kind of deal for the Smoochy slot! SHELDON
93) 3) text: He wants you out so he can put Takashi in! SHELDON
93) 11) text: Tell him about a few of our experiments, Nora! Tell him! Sheldon looks stunned.    Nora hangs her head.
93) 12) dialog: (to Nora)
93) 14) dialog: Holy mother of Toledo. When exactly were you planning to let me know about this?!
93) 23) dialog: You dated Jingle Jackson?
93) 25) dialog: Oh good Lord in Heaven.
93) 29) dialog: I... uh... read once that the best way to diffuse a tense situation is with a little humor. To that end, would you like to hear a funny joke?
93) 39) dialog: I'm telling you, you'd love this joke. It revolves around Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny getting into a fender bender. Nora rolls her eyes and goes to the bar.
93) 43) dialog: We'll go to the police, first thing tomorrow... straighten everything out.
93) 50) text: (to tune of 'Ol' MacDonald) 'Rainbow Randolph is the man. Yes he, yes he, is. He's the Prez of Rainbowland. Yes he, yes he, is. With some fun, fun here, and a laugh, laugh there. Here a dance, there a song, Everything is fun, fun. Rainbow Randolph is the King, the King of Rainbowland!' Randolph takes another drink from the vodka bottle. Sheldon suddenly lunges at Randolph and tries to grab the gun. Randolph shrieks. The two men wrestle on the floor, but Randolph is not much of a fighter. He screams as Sheldon rolls him toward the fireplace. SHELDON
93) 52) text: Stop! It's too hot!    The heat! It's driving me mad! Randolph rolls Sheldon to the bottom. Nora reaches for a fireplace poker and whacks Randolph with it. Randolph cries out and drops the gun. Sheldon grabs it and points it at Randolph who lies on the floor, blubbering like a child. He's bleeding. RANDOLPH
93) 53) text: Go ahead, kill me! Finish me off. My life's over anyway. Everything I touch turns to shit. Put me out of my misery. Sheldon slowly takes the gun away from Randolph's head. SHELDON
93) 54) text: You're not nothing. You're bitter, misguided and I'm guessing a raging alcoholic, but you're still Rainbow Randolph. Despite everything that's happened, you once made children happy. Randolph sits up and looks at Sheldon through watery eyes.
93) 58) text: Would you be my friend? SHELDON
94) 2) text: Sheldon loads his gun as Randolph is curled up on the couch like a little puppy. Nora hands him a cup of tea.
94) 4) text: Thank you. She walks over to Sheldon.
94) 6) text: What are you doing? Sheldon continues to load the gun.
94) 10) dialog: Just making the playing field even. I'm tired of running this race with one leg.
94) 13) text: She's right, Sheldon. Don't make the same mistakes I did. Keep your dignity intact. He accidentally spills some hot tea on himself.
94) 15) dialog: I appreciate everyone's concern, but I can take care of myself. Nora and Randolph look at each other.
94) 17) text: I tried. Sheldon stuffs some extra bullets in his pocket. SHELDON (to Randolph)
94) 25) text: He's the real thing. Smoochy's the real thing. And I've been a fraud. A wicked man doing wicked acts. Sheldon slaps the cylinder into place and tucks the gun in his waistband. SHELDON
100) 0) text: A freshly showered Randolph is wearing Sheldon's robe and has a pink towel wrapped around his head as he lounges on the living room sofa. He's eating grapes and reading National Geographic. The PHONE RINGS. He picks it up. RANDOLPH
100) 10) text: Sheldon's in trouble.   I gotta get down to the Garden. ANGELO
104) 6) text: Atmospheric fog created by the smoke machine is so thick that Buggy has difficulty FINDING Sheldon THROUGH the cross-hairs. Occasionally, Smoochy skates through a hole in the clouds only to disappear again. BUGGY CURSES in frustration.
104) 12) text: Sheldon!!! But Sheldon can't hear over the orchestra.   The soprano hits a high note.
104) 24) text: (screaming) Sheldon!!! She starts to climb out of the box but Burke stops her. BURKE
104) 36) text: Sheldon!!! Get down!!!
104) 40) text: Everyone in the arena screams and heads for the exits. It's pandemonium. Thanks to Randolph, Buggy's shot was too high and just missed Sheldon's skull.
105) 7) text: Burke's with Stokes.   He's been in it all along. Sheldon looks toward the network box. Beyond it, through the smoke, he sees Burke shoving his way through people who jam the exit trying to escape. Sheldon reaches into his costume and pulls out his gun. NORA
105) 8) text: No, Sheldon, don't! Sheldon runs off leaving Nora.
106) 0) text: Burke makes a run for it down 33rd Street. A moment later, Sheldon emerges from the building. He sees Burke in the distance and takes off after him. He's still in his skates and wearing the partially-blown-off Smoochy head.
107) 0) text: A few moments later Sheldon rounds the corner. He looks down the street and sees no sign of Burke. He notices an alley by an abandoned building.
108) 0) text: Sheldon walks slowly into the alley, gun drawn. Suddenly, Burke jumps out from behind some boxes. He whacks Sheldon's head with a garbage can lid. The gun goes flying. Burke goes for it, but Sheldon is quickly on his feet and pounces on him. The two men fight it out. Burke manages to get on top of Sheldon and starts to strangle him. BURKE
108) 1) text: You fucking point a gun at me? A gun I gave you as a gift?! Where's your fucking etiquette? Just as Sheldon begins to lose consciousness, we hear a GUNSHOT. Burke looks up. Nora stands there, pointing Sheldon's gun directly at him.
108) 3) text: Now. Before I pump one in that Grecian Formula scalp of yours. Burke smirks as he releases Sheldon. Sheldon jumps up and takes the gun from Nora. He shakily points it at Burke. BURKE
108) 5) dialog: You were behind the Spinner hit, weren't you?
108) 13) text: Oh my. What are you gonna do? Kill me? That wouldn't be very Smoochy-like behavior. SHELDON
108) 14) text: You're right. There's just one thing... Sheldon tears off the remains of his tattered costume and steps out of it. SHELDON
108) 15) text: I'm not Smoochy. Sheldon is shaking as he extends the gun to Burke's head. SHELDON
108) 23) text: (sternly) Stay out of it, Tommy.   This is my business. Tommy walks closer to Sheldon. TOMMY
108) 24) text: No more killin', Shel. Enough's enough. Don't destroy who you are for this piece of shit. You mean something to the kids. Don't take Smoochy away from the kids. Tommy extends her hand for the gun. Sheldon looks down at the gun. He can't believe he's even holding it. He hands it to Tommy.
108) 25) dialog: I don't know how I got pushed this far.
108) 27) text: We'll take it from here, kid, you run along with your girl. Get on with your life. Sheldon looks over at Burke, who's petrified.
108) 28) dialog: Tommy, you're not going to --
110) 0) text: The car heads into the night, passing Sheldon and Nora, who have exited the alley. This will be Frank Stokes' final limo ride.
111) 0) text: Sheldon and Nora pause on the street.    Sheldon looks around him. SHELDON
111) 5) text: Let's go home, Smoochy.    Show's over. Sheldon gazes back at her. SHELDON
112) 4) text: With his partner and comrade... the one, the only... Rainbow Randolph! Randolph skates out, somewhat shakily, to huge applause. Sheldon puts his arm around him. The audience is now on their feet. Randolph especially basks in the adulation. ANNOUNCER (V.O.)