25) 19) text: Trust me, Shel. It's a handy accessory in this business. Even if you don't load it, have it for show. Sometimes that's all you need. Especially with a creep like Randolph lurking around. Burke and Sheldon look up and notice the hulking, grinning figure of SPINNER DUNN standing over them. Spinner has the smile of a little boy despite his crooked nose and scarred face. He extends his hand. SPINNER
25) 20) text: Hiya, Smoochy! I'm Spinner! Spinner! SHELDON
25) 21) text: Hi there. SPINNER
25) 22) text: I'm so excited to meet you!    I'm Spinner! Spinner's massive hand engulfs Sheldon's.
26) 0) text: Spinner is still pumping Sheldon's hand. SPINNER
26) 2) text: You bet.     That's a big one. SPINNER
26) 4) text: Well, I don't know why if there's enough room here to... Spinner starts Jiggying and Ziggying for Sheldon. He bangs into a table and knocks over someone's drink. BURKE
26) 5) text: Okay, champ, don't get overheated. Spinner stops, out of breath.       He leans over and hug Sheldon.
26) 10) text: I... uh... love you, too, Spinner. A powerful-looking woman, TOMMY COTTER, calls to Spinner from the bar. TOMMY
26) 11) text: Spinner, come over and meet the Senator! Spinner dutifully hurries over to Tommy. SHELDON
26) 13) text: Spinner? The guy couldn't run a water faucet. He's just a mascot. It's his cousins, a bunch of Irish mob boys, who really run the joint.
26) 14) dialog: He shakes the Senator's hand as Tommy and a few other tough Irish guys stand around. Spinner looks over towards Sheldon. SPINNER
26) 15) text: (loudly) Don't go anywhere, Smoochy! I'll be right back after I take a dump! Spinner releases the Senator's hand and rushes off. BURKE
33) 11) text: Uh, that's a very sweet offer, and I love Spinner, but TV is a complicated medium and... I mean, that would be like me getting into the ring with a prizefighter. (laughs) Can you imagine such a thing? Boom. K.O.! What's the alphabet, Mommy? Sheldon laughs again.       Tommy gets quiet. TOMMY
33) 20) text: You know what? Maybe I can find Spinner a little something to do on the show. That's probably the best solution. Tommy now smiles and walks over to Sheldon.       She mus Sheldon's hair. TOMMY
37) 0) text: We are TIGHT ON the feet of an Irish dancer doing a sort of Riverdance. We WIDEN OUT and the rest of the dancers come INTO FRAME. Spinner and the mob ar clapping and whooping. Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the dark club having a conversation. SHELDON
38) 0) text: We are now on a drum solo. Ernie the Elephant of the Smoochyland Band works it. The animal band plays a sloppy version of "Pop Goes the Weasel." End on Spinner Dunn -- the newest and by far largest member of the band. Spinner holds s cowbell and seems to be concentrating intently on the proper moment to hit it. Unfortunately, his rhythm is off, which throws the rest of the band off as well. We WIDEN OUT to see Smoochy and the Rhinettes attempting to dance to the off-kilter rhythm. The song finally ends. The Rhinettes glare at Spinner. Smoochy addresses the camera.
38) 2) dialog: Shit.   Sorry.
39) 0) text: A beaming Spinner runs up to Sheldon, who's still in costume.
39) 1) dialog: Did I do good, Sheldon, huh?   Did I do good?
39) 6) dialog: Okey doke.   I'm gonna go get drunk now. Spinner skips off humming "Pop Goes the Weasel" and banging his cowbell. Nora passes Sheldon backstage.
60) 0) text: A morose-looking Spinner Dunn sits alone at the end of the bar in the nightclub. Tommy walks over. TOMMY
60) 1) text: What's wrong, kid? The mayor of Patterson's here with his wife. They wanna meet ya. SPINNER
60) 2) text: I don't wanna meet no one. I miss Smoochy! He never woulda done the things they say he done. He ain't no Nazi. Someone's making stuff up. I just know it, Tommy. Someone's making stuff up! Spinner starts violently pounding his head on the bar, causing GLASSES to RATTLE. SPINNER
60) 4) text: Hi, Tommy. Hi, Spinner.   Has Burke been in tonight?
60) 11) text: I have to talk to him.    It's about Sheldon. Spinner lifts his head from the bar. SPINNER
67) 0) text: Spinner's massive arms envelope Sheldon in a bear hug, practically lifting him out of his seat. Burke, who's having dinner with Sheldon, holds onto the table before it gets knocked over. SHELDON
67) 1) text: Easy, Spinner. Watch the ribs, buddy.
67) 7) text: I've been practicing and practicing and I got real good, Sheldon. Real good! He starts banging on it with a butter knife.      Sheldon cringes. SPINNER
67) 9) text: Sure, why not. Spinner starts marching through the restaurant, clanging the cowbell. People who are trying to eat their dinner look annoyed. Sheldon sits back down at his table. BURKE
67) 30) text: Whatever I can do, Tommy, just say it. You know I love Spinner. And I owe you. TOMMY
76) 3) text: Sheldon gently tries to break the news to Spinner who's on the verge of tears. SHELDON
76) 4) text: You're too talented for the cowbell, Spinner. Cowbells are for babies. SPINNER
76) 6) text: That's right. You're a fully grown man. With whiskers... and scars... the whole sha-bang. That's why you deserve a bigger role on the show. A more important role... Spinner's face starts to perk up.
77) 10) text: Howdy, Moochy! Welcome to the Jungle! You wanna say howdy to the kids? Spinner freezes.       He stares at the camera. SMOOCHY
77) 11) text: Moochy? SPINNER
77) 13) text: That's right. We've established that. SPINNER
78) 0) text: A happy Spinner (still in costume as Moochy) pokes his head into Sheldon's dressing room. Sheldon, still in costume as well, looks drained after the difficult taping. SPINNER
78) 5) text: It's fine, Spinner. We'll edit it out. But tomorrow in rehearsal we're gonna work on a new thing called 'the importance of hitting your mark.' SPINNER
78) 6) text: Great!    I get to hit something! Spinner dances off. A beat later, Nora enters and shuts the door. There's an awkward beat of silence. NORA
79) 0) text: Spinner, humming to himself, lumbers down the hallway on his way to the wardrobe room. Halfway down the hall, he hears a voice call out to him. VOICE (O.S.)
79) 1) text: Hey -- rhino. Spinner turns around. The door to the fire exit swings open. Two of Merv's thugs emerge and grab Spinner (who's still in full Moochy costume) and drag him into the stairwell.
80) 0) text: Spinner is dragged into the garage and knocked to the pavement. Several more thugs emerge from the shadows, including Henry, Merv's main henchman. They start beating him with lead pipes. Henry pulls out a REVOLVER. He SHOOTS the rhino several times. A sedan trunk is popped open and Moochy is thrown inside. The CAR SCREECHES up to the street.
81) 4) text: of Spinner/Moochy. We SLOWLY START TO RISE UP as we LOOK DOWN AT the rhino's body. The WIND WHISTLES through the empty street as we get HIGHER. The Chinese banner rustles THROUGH the FRAME. As we get HIGHER AND HIGHER, we hear the intermittent CLANG of a PRIZE FIGHT BELL.
82) 0) text: In the same frame, detectives and uniformed cops are now at the scene gathering evidence. Where Spinner once lay, there is now a bright yellow chalk outline in the shape of a rhinoceros.
83) 1) text: Former heavyweight contender and restaurateur Lawrence 'Spinner' Dunn was found shot to death in a rhinoceros outfit early this morning in Chinatown. Dunn, a frequent performer on 'Smoochy's Magic Jungle,' was pronounced dead at the scene. Police are searching for -- A hand ENTERS FRAME and violently slaps the TV OFF.
85) 0) text: Spinner sleeps forever in an open casket, clutching his cowbell. Dozens of Spinner's relatives are at the wake.
85) 6) text: I'm sorry, Spinner.   I'm so sorry. Tommy and the boys walk over. Tommy puts his arm around Sheldon as he gazes somberly at Spinner. TOMMY
85) 12) text: Fine, nothin'. And as Christ is my witness, no one's touchin' a hair on your fuckin' head. Spinner would have wanted it that way. Tommy's crew nods and agrees.
85) 16) text: (to the boys) Alright, boys, let's get shit- faced. For Spin. They head for the bar.    Nora and Sheldon look down at Spinner in silence. SHELDON
88) 22) text: Here, I got you some crossword puzzles and stuff to read. Angelo hops off the conveyor belt and turns on the hot plate. He starts to open a can of soup. Randolph reaches into the bag and pulls out a copy of the New York Post. The lead article's headline reads, "WAKE FOR SPINNER." A large photograph shows mourners leaving the restaurant after the wake. Clearly visible are Sheldon and Nora. They have their arms around each other. Randolph's eyes widen. He starts to hyperventilate. Angelo looks up. ANGELO
102) 12) text: This is for Spinner. The lights go down. A full orchestra begins to play the overture to WAGNER's Tristen et Isolde. The lights come up as a soprano -- a heavyset woman in a modified rhino costume -- skates out through the fog and begins singing the opera. Smoochy -- now wearing a peasant's frock -- skates an interpretive dance in the b.g. with a few Rhinettes who are also dressed as peasants. A beautiful fairy princess floats down (on filament wire) from the rafters and takes Smoochy's hand. She skates away with him as he waves good-bye to the Rhinettes.