18) 1) text: AVERY BISHOR, 29, makes love to Jerry Maguire at fever pi They are standing on the bed, which is in the corner.
18) 3) dialog: Don't ever stop fucking me!
18) 7) dialog: Oh Gawd, oh yes, it's never been better. Never BETTER!!
18) 10) dialog: (continuing) Never BETTER!!
18) 11) text: The dog snaps awake, a little shook.  Avery suddenly yank away. Breathing hard, she just looks at Jerry. Sex is a v serious business with Avery.
18) 13) dialog: (continuing) Open your eyes. (he does) If you ever want me to be with another woman for you, I would do it.  I'm not interested in it. There was a time, yes, it felt normal for me, but it was a phase, a college thing, like torn Levi's or law school for you... people change, but if you ever feel like being adventurous in that way, I would do it for you.  You want anything from the kitchen I'm going to get some fruit --
18) 20) dialog: (laughing) Jerry, this is what intimacy is!
18) 23) dialog: Oh -- don't forget tomorrow we have dinner with Wade Cooksey.
18) 26) text: Avery returns.  Her robo body, half-lit now in the hallwa is a glorious life-long project.
18) 28) dialog: Who told you?
18) 33) dialog: Jerry.  Your buddy Dooler worked his ass off to make you a tribute film. All those guys from the office are coming.  Everybody loves you.  Just calm down, relax, act surprised, and have an amazing time.  And you'll never guess who narrates your bachelor movie.
19) 36) text: (The movie, which plays simultaneously with the conversat is a Hi-8 confessional of Jerry's former girlfriends. MICHAEL JORDAN is cut into this, nodding, as if he were actually interviewing.  The effect is funny, but the confessions are brutally honest.  There is The One He Was Good For, The One He Wasn't Good Enough For ("He hated be alone.") The Still in Love Girlfriend, The Punk Rock girlfriend ("Sports makes me ill"), The Now Married With Girlfriend, The Cynical Girlfriend ("Beneath the cute exterior, more cute exterior.") The Purely Sexual Girlfri The Brainy Girlfriend, ("Great at friendship, bad at intimacy") and even the Girlfriend Who Does A Great Jerry Imitation (rubbing her face, she does a flawless Jerry-on way-to-the-airport).  All seem to agree on some basic poi (and if necessary maybe Jordan narrates the following information to underscore it.)  Jerry always has a girlfriend, and many met him on the first day he'd broken with the last one.  The relationship always competes with job, and the job always wins.  The final confrontation happens somewhere around the 18-month mark. Sequence ends with Avery in character, wielding a blowtorch, threatenin burn all these old phone numbers.)
61) 1) text: Jerry is quickly packing for a road trip.  Avery looks on They are both in a manic state.
61) 5) dialog: (sotto) And the egyptian cotton shirt that works with or without the jacket. (full volume) Tell me again, how was it left with Cush?
61) 9) dialog: Ugh!
61) 15) dialog: (sotta) Good. (full volume) They're all heatseekers!  All of them, everybody. You keep one superstar and they'll all follow. There's no real loyalty, and the first person who told me that, Jerry Maguire, was you.
61) 19) dialog: Well, it worked, and I will not let you fail.  You are Jerry Ma- fuckin-guire.
61) 23) dialog: King of the Housecalls! Master of the Living Room!
61) 27) dialog: You are not a loser.
61) 32) dialog: I'm sorry.  I was on a roll.  I meant something else.  When do you want to leave?
61) 37) dialog: Let's go.  I'll drive you.
61) 42) text: Avery takes his bag, heads for the door.
61) 44) dialog: Function function function. Forward motion is everything. Cush saves all.
68) 28) dialog: Wait a minute, it has to be one of the NFL hotels we do business with -- let me look -- but in the meantime, about this job --
70) 1) text: Avery in mid-conference with four other NFL men in backgr
70) 3) dialog: YA-HOOOO-SIE!
70) 8) dialog: Don't worry about it -- I never told you what I thought of that memo either --
70) 12) dialog: You lost your head, it happens. (quickly) I'm so fuckin jazzed!  Listen. I'm going to have to fly to Chicago tomorrow, how 'bout if we meet in the Dallas airport and we all fly into New York together for the draft?
70) 18) dialog: I'll set it up with your girl. Woo!  This is when it's good, Jerry. Enjoy it. Live it.  Love it.  And when I see you, I'm going to give you the best blow job of your life.
70) 19) text: He hangs up, staring at the phone. In the room with Avery the co-workers look at each other. She is far, far out of their league.
72) 1) text: Jerry struggles through the Dallas airport, is the last, his party to arrive at the B gate in Dallas.  Avery, tall cool in plaid skirt and shades, is in combat mode.   Near Cush is surrounded by fans and fawning Airline Employees. ("Where do you think you're gonna end up, Cush?"  "You go be rich, dude!") Tidwell looks jealous and ingnored as he leans against the airline counter, unnoticed.  A lone kid approaches Tidwell.
73) 1) text: Jerry sits next to Cushman, who is reading Bukowski's Not of a Dirty Old Man.  Across the aisle is Tidwell, who sit next to Avery.  They are a small family, and Jerry feels home with his operation.  Cush looks up suddenly.
73) 4) text: Jerry shares a look with Avery, who is on the other side Cush. Her stockings swish as she crosses her legs.
73) 30) dialog: Jerry!  Do something --
73) 41) text: Tidwell reaches over, he and Cush exchange a fingertips f Briefly, the two clients bond. Past Tidwell, Avery smiles engagingly at Jerry.  He handled the situation well.  She crosses her legs, stockings swishing.  The workplace exci her.
74) 1) text: The headquarters for the NFL draft is buzzing with activi Limo doors open and out pours Maguire and company.  Media lights flick on, bathing Cush.  Reporters chatter. ("Is i San Diego or Denver, Cush?N  "Cush!")  Fans at the outski are calling out to the young star ("Go get the big chi-ch Cush!") Avery smoothly pulls ESPN into the front position Telegenic Cush shrugs and smiles. ("I'll either surf or ski.")  Jerry admires his fiancee.  There is nothing more attractive than a person burningly efficient at their job
82) 1) text: Jerry exits elevator dazed, at full trot.  The Marriott l is packed.  He is looking for Avery.  Beat reporter Patri Logan reappears.  She relishes asking brutal questions, innocently.
83) 1) text: Jerry enters the grand ballroom, looking for Avery. Endorsement placards in evidence everywhere.  NFL reps an media workers move tables and work out camera and seating arrangements.  Elevated in a open ESPN booth six feet off ground, host Chris Berman records voice-overs for tomorro draft.  Fans heckle him by singing the ESPN theme.  He ro with it, expertly.  Jerry spots Avery across the empty ballroom, moving fast, passing out media packets on the e tables.
84) 1) text: Jerry finally catches up with Avery in the empty side-roo
84) 3) dialog: I just heard.
84) 7) dialog: Oh honey.  It's spun.
84) 13) dialog: It's all about you, isn't it? Soothe me, save me, love me --
84) 17) dialog: I have to finish my job --
84) 22) dialog: Jerry.  You and I are salespeople. We sell --
84) 26) dialog: It's not "love me."  It's not "trust my handshake."  It's make the sale. Get it signed.  There shouldn't be "confusion" about that.
84) 32) dialog: So honesty is outlawed here, I can't be honest?
84) 37) dialog: What was our deal when we first got together?  Brutal truth, remember?
84) 42) dialog: Jerry, there is a "sensitivity" thing that some people have.  I don't have it.  I don't cry at movies.  I don't gush over babies. I don't start celebrating Christmas five months early, and I don't tell a man who just screwed up both of our lives -- 'oh, poor baby.'  That's me.  For better or worse.  But I do love you.
84) 48) dialog: Don't say it.  We're both ragged out right now.
84) 60) dialog: I'm warning you.  Don't say it. You won't have another chance.
84) 66) dialog: No.
84) 71) dialog: Didn't hear it.
84) 75) dialog: You've never been alone and you can't be alone --
84) 80) dialog: No one has ever dumped me.
84) 86) dialog: I did the 23 hour nose-route to the top of El Capitan in 6 hours! I can make this work.
84) 91) dialog: Oh Jerry.
84) 96) dialog: I won't let you hurt me, Jerry. I'm too strong for you.  Loser.
113) 19) text: They both crack up, and she kisses him as the music plays looks at her. She turns away, then back again, he's still looking at her. It's a powerful moment for her.  Laughter continues, the music is ridiculous. (Their sex is a big difference from the let's-be-intense sex with Avery.)
130) 1) text: Across the room, he sees GM Dennis Wilburn standing with Avery.