68) 6) text: Through the back kitchen door comes CHAD THE NANNY, 29, r hair cropped above the ear. Baggy overalls.  Slipping thr life with little turbulence.  He's with Ray, who holds pi of wood and a hammer.
68) 8) dialog: The new playhouse rocks, Dotty.
68) 17) text: Chad now notices the slight excited tone in her demeanor. sits down nearby and listens to her talk to Maguire.
68) 54) text: She hangs up, and looks over to Laurel and Chad. Both of stare at her.
68) 58) dialog: (laughing) Yeah, Dotty. You did.
68) 63) text: Chad looks at her, something is different about Dorothy. Laurel walks away, sharing a look with Chad.
105) 1) text: Dorothy stops in the hallway to see that Jerry Maguire ha arrived at the back-kitchen door.  She watches unseen as Maguire shakes hands with Chad the Nanny and is hit sudde by a flying hug from Ray.  He gives the kid an athletic b which is filled with state-of-the-art promotional athleti wear, etc. ("Brought you some swag.")  Ray continues hugg Jerry.
106) 16) dialog: (grandly) Hey, man, tonight I'm going to teach Ray about jazz.
106) 21) dialog: You know, you people have a jazz problem in this house.
112) 1) text: Dorothy enters to find Chad watching t.v.  The house is n quiet, the remains of the Divorced Women's group is still evidence.
112) 5) dialog: Yeah, how'd it go with Sportboy?
112) 8) text: Chad raises his eyebrows.
113) 1) text: Jerry on the porch, as Chad exits.  Chad now fully plays part of friend with seniority.  Looks the taller Jerry up down.
113) 3) dialog: Treat her right, man.  She's...
113) 9) dialog: She's great.  And I know this is a little awkward, but I want you to use this.
113) 10) text: Chad ruumages in bag for a moment.  Jerry is somewhat horrified at what Chad might be giving him.  Out comes a cassette tape.
113) 12) dialog: (continuing; intense) This... is Miles Davis and John Coltrane. Stockholm.  1963... two masters of freedom, playing in a time before their art was corrupted by a zillion cocktail lounge performers who destroyed the legacy of the only American artform -- JAZZ.
113) 13) text: Jerry takes the tape, as the front door squeaks open. Dorothy shoos Chad away, quietly leads Jerry inside.
125) 6) text: We see Jerry, following Chad back to the house, saying goodbye too many times. He's anxious not to be left alone Finally Chad grabs him by the shoulders, says goodbye, as sad Ray trudges to the cab of the U-Haul.  Jerry now foll Ray to the car.
126) 1) text: Rod Tidwell sings Marvin Gaye's "What's Going On" at the wedding for assorted guests gathered here in the backyard Contrary to his own belief, Rod is not a gifted singer. the wedding band, standing on a small stage in the corner are Chad and Dooler.
162) 17) text: He moves to her.  They embrace.  Ray watches in b.g.  Jer has given this room hope.  It's on their faces. At last, Laurel gets off on her sister's happiness, as she shares look with Chad.