19) 36) text: (The movie, which plays simultaneously with the conversat is a Hi-8 confessional of Jerry's former girlfriends. MICHAEL JORDAN is cut into this, nodding, as if he were actually interviewing.  The effect is funny, but the confessions are brutally honest.  There is The One He Was Good For, The One He Wasn't Good Enough For ("He hated be alone.") The Still in Love Girlfriend, The Punk Rock girlfriend ("Sports makes me ill"), The Now Married With Girlfriend, The Cynical Girlfriend ("Beneath the cute exterior, more cute exterior.") The Purely Sexual Girlfri The Brainy Girlfriend, ("Great at friendship, bad at intimacy") and even the Girlfriend Who Does A Great Jerry Imitation (rubbing her face, she does a flawless Jerry-on way-to-the-airport).  All seem to agree on some basic poi (and if necessary maybe Jordan narrates the following information to underscore it.)  Jerry always has a girlfriend, and many met him on the first day he'd broken with the last one.  The relationship always competes with job, and the job always wins.  The final confrontation happens somewhere around the 18-month mark. Sequence ends with Avery in character, wielding a blowtorch, threatenin burn all these old phone numbers.)
54) 1) text: The tragic-sounding beep of the elevator passing floors. Jerry Maguire stands with Dorothy, both still charged wit adrenalin. And then the first pangs of dread. There is silence.  The elevator stops.  A young, amorous Couple enters.  Both are about 24, and the Guy presses a number flights down.  In a moment, we realize they are deaf.  Th sign to each other, murmuring noises of love. And then th Guy signs something, obviously powerful, because the Girl emits a delighted gasp, as does Dorothy.  The Couple are truly in their own world.  They kiss before exiting on th floor.  And suddenly the elevator seems empty without the
70) 4) text: It is the victory call of the competitive girl, and she f back into a chair, kicking her expensive shoes onto the b In the b.g. we see the hungry look of her male co-workers Part of them lusts after her.  The larger part knows she would demolish them, and pick her teeth with their bones.
71) 27) text: Jerry nods and exits.  They watch as Jerry inches into th crowded airport.  Into frame, obscuring their view of Jer enters another Couple, who embrace each other and their s girl.   It's a genuinely sweet goodbye, and we linger on Dorothy and Ray who both watch with private fantasies of goodbye they didn't get. Mother and son look at each othe communicating volumes. They pull back into traffic.
80) 1) text: We glide into Frank Cushman's suite overlooking Times Squ It's filled with NFL swag -- free t-shirts, athletic bags sweatpants, and more.  Half-finished room service food abounds.  Matt, Keith and Cush's stylish college girlfrie ANNE-LOUISE mill about the room, basking in the glow of t man of the moment.  Cush, who holds a guitar in his lap, wears the odd combination of a Nirvana t-shirt and a NFL jacket.  He signs for more room service and continues strumming the only song he knows on guitar, Cobain's "Something In The Way."  Jerry enters on a rush of adrena
107) 18) text: We stay with Laurel as she watches her sister exit.   Mus continues.  Lit by streetlight, Dorothy runs like a young girl, across the lawns of this car-filled neighborhood, slapping away the leaves of a tree, running to Jerry down street.
108) 23) text: A FLOWER GIRL approaches the table with an armful of rose
108) 25) dialog: A rose for the lady.
137) 1) text: Dorothy drops Ray at preschool, and stands in the doorway the playroom.  She watches the boys and girls playing together in a room full of bright colors and games.  Musi Anxiety building.