2) 2) text: Sports photos and posters are framed on the walls.  The s of global marketing are omnipresent.  Each agent has a si tray containing soft drinks and a glass pitcher of water. Through the glass window, we see a large office divided u into many cubicles.
9) 1) text: Jerry types, a pot of coffee and tray of room service nea we watch his face, alive now.
14) 20) text: We meet DOROTHY BOYD, 26.  A harried passenger on this bu the sky.  Her clothes are part-contemporary, part mother- functional. She is never as composed or in control as she wants to be. Right now she is devoted to the sneezing kid the wrinkled white-shirt sitting next to her.  It is RAY, five-year old son.  Dorothy is covered in toys and books. Stuffed into the side pocket is Jerry's Mission Statement The easy laughter from three rows ahead washes over her l cold water, as she rings again for a Flight Attendant.  T overworked ATTENDANT arrives, pissed, snapping off the be
14) 27) text: The Attendant offers a bundle of soggy cocktail napkins a is about to exit as Ray makes a gagging noise.  He's abou get sick. Both women reach for an airsick bag, and get it his mouth just in time. Their faces are now inches apart.
15) 58) dialog: (waking up) Mama --
15) 77) dialog: What's wrong, mom?
17) 17) text: Over her shoulder, Maguire sees Ray rounding the corner, riding the luggage conveyor belt like Washington crossing Delaware.
17) 22) text: Dorothy turns, is greatly relieved to see Ray, and snatch him off the belt.  She bends down into his face.  She spe softly but intensely, with no frills.
17) 49) text: Ray has taken Jerry's free hand, and begun swinging on hi
17) 63) text: Jerry looks more nervous, as Ray has now taken his mother hand. He is now swinging on both of them.
17) 65) dialog: One-two-three... swing.
17) 70) text: Now Jerry looks concerned, as Ray continues swinging happ
17) 72) dialog: One-two-three, swing.
17) 80) dialog: One-two...
17) 81) text: Jerry lets Ray down easy.  The kid is a little disappoint But Maguire bows, always courtly, and exits to get his ba He then realizes something amiss and returns quickly, pul Ray's hand up again and completing the swing.
17) 84) text: Ray is now happy, in love even, as Jerry exits.  Dorothy laughs, as her sister arrives. LAUREL BOYD is 36. No make no bullshit. Laurel has a pin on her sweater, which catch on dorothy's shirt as they hug.
17) 87) text: Dorothy returns to the world of motherhood, bending down, gathering Ray's toys.  She wipes at Ray's hair.
60) 1) text: Ray dreams sweetly in the middle of this rockbed of Women Woes. Dorothy strokes his head, as she plucks him up.  In frame another woman, ALICE, 50, speaks passionately to th group.
68) 6) text: Through the back kitchen door comes CHAD THE NANNY, 29, r hair cropped above the ear. Baggy overalls.  Slipping thr life with little turbulence.  He's with Ray, who holds pi of wood and a hammer.
68) 10) dialog: (jumping) Yeah!
68) 31) text: She reaches over Ray to get to her laptop and buzzes thro a list of phone numbers.  Jerry can't help but share the news:
71) 9) dialog: No.
71) 13) dialog: (giggling) I'm not your brother!
71) 21) text: Jerry bounces against the imaginary balloon.  Ray is delighted by Jerry.   Dorothy notes that he's great with son.  She pats Jerry on the shoulder.  Her hand lingers perhaps a millisecond too long.  She pulls away quickly, always feeling on the edge or embarrassing herself around this guy.
71) 26) text: DOROTHY                       RAY Luck.                         LUCK!
71) 27) text: Jerry nods and exits.  They watch as Jerry inches into th crowded airport.  Into frame, obscuring their view of Jer enters another Couple, who embrace each other and their s girl.   It's a genuinely sweet goodbye, and we linger on Dorothy and Ray who both watch with private fantasies of goodbye they didn't get. Mother and son look at each othe communicating volumes. They pull back into traffic.
89) 1) text: Dorothy puts Ray to bed.
89) 5) text: She checks her look, in spite of herself. Visible on the above Ray's bed, is her ex-husband's photo. Music.
94) 1) text: Now camera starts to move around the house, from this win showing the two sisters in the laundry room, to the livin room where Jerry sits alone.  We see Ray wander into the and stare at Jerry.
95) 1) text: Jerry, who is playing with a kaleidoscope on the table, l up to see Ray.
95) 3) dialog: Hi.
97) 1) text: Jerry and Ray have a great conversation, playing tug with piece of rope.
97) 3) dialog: And then my dad died and my mom took me to the zoo and I love the zoo. Do you hate the zoo or do you love the zoo?
97) 7) dialog: Let's go the zoo.
97) 13) text: Ray nods vigorously.
97) 15) dialog: Let's go right now.  Let's go to the zoo.
97) 19) dialog: You said "fuck".
97) 22) text: Ray loves this guy.  He pats Jerry's knee.
97) 24) dialog: I won't tell.
97) 27) text: Ray looks at Jerry's hands.
97) 29) dialog: I don't see any.
97) 33) dialog: Funny... (imitates him) (hears mom approaching) I better go to bed.
97) 34) text: Ray hugs Jerry and exits.  Jerry sits contemplating the k for a moment.  The door swings open and a harried Dorothy appears in the sexier top, but with a distinctly less sex attitude, and a tray.
105) 1) text: Dorothy stops in the hallway to see that Jerry Maguire ha arrived at the back-kitchen door.  She watches unseen as Maguire shakes hands with Chad the Nanny and is hit sudde by a flying hug from Ray.  He gives the kid an athletic b which is filled with state-of-the-art promotional athleti wear, etc. ("Brought you some swag.")  Ray continues hugg Jerry.
106) 24) dialog: I wanna go too.
106) 25) text: Laurel gives Ray a look.  Ray backs down, as Jerry hears snatches of the Women's group going full blast in the liv room.
106) 32) text: Ray extends his arms, he wants a hug.  Jerry bends down awkwardly to give him one, and Ray plants a kiss on Jerry cheek.  All are surprised, especially Jerry.  Dorothy is struck and moved.  Shot falls on Ray who watches Jerry ex with wonder. Even at his age, he knows a prize when he se one.
118) 24) dialog: Hi Jerry!
118) 25) text: Dorothy leans into the hallway now, sees Jerry standing there, well within earshot.  As Ray pounds down the hallw in his new over-sized shirt, brought by Jerry, Dorothy be to crumble. The lack of control in her life is overwhelmi her.
118) 40) dialog: Let's have Apple Jacks!
118) 41) text: Apple Jacks it is.  Dorothy, good morning, darling. He ki her on the cheek, in full view of Ray.  Dorothy, still embarrassed, not sure what is going on, reaches for cerea Jerry sits down for breakfast.  They are an odd, but fair complete-looking family.
118) 43) dialog: (continuing) What's going on, Jerry?
118) 46) text: The sisters look at each other.  Ray looks around, he fee happy, but there is something else in the room.  He shrug and continues to feel happy.
123) 1) text: Jerry, Dorothy and Ray at the zoo.  Ray straining at Jerr arm. Life-changing decisions in the air.
123) 6) dialog: Show me the animal, Jerry!
123) 13) dialog: I'm scared.  What is it?
123) 25) dialog: Whoa.
123) 33) dialog: Me too.
124) 1) text: A U-Haul is parked in the driveway.  Inside the cab, a ve sad Ray.  Jerry approaches carefully.  Ray does not look him.  He opens the door, scoots the kid over, and sits ne to him.
125) 6) text: We see Jerry, following Chad back to the house, saying goodbye too many times. He's anxious not to be left alone Finally Chad grabs him by the shoulders, says goodbye, as sad Ray trudges to the cab of the U-Haul.  Jerry now foll Ray to the car.
125) 9) text: Jerry scoots a very sad Ray over, and talks to him in the
125) 12) text: Ray begins to cry. Jerry is incapable of dealing with it.
125) 15) text: Ray wails.  Jerry squeezes his shoulder, it does nothing, he exits. He rises and faces Dorothy, keys in hand.
125) 46) text: He grips one hand with the other.  Dorothy looks at his strange behavior.  He looks over to the cab, where Ray is making a sad face at him through the window.
127) 1) text: We are close on Ray now as we hear the sound of a Reveren reading wedding vows.  Ray holds the ring, and waits for cue to offer it.  But he has forgotten the cue.  And ever time the Reverend pauses, he starts to offer the ring.
134) 1) text: The Tidwells and the Maguires.  Tyson and Ray run around table of this family-style restaurant. Marcee is very ver pregnant. They crack crabs for each other, seasoning for other, feeding each other like one many-armed and loving
136) 24) dialog: Jerry, can I come in and watch t.v.?
136) 26) text: The door flies open and Ray comes bounding in, onto the b stations himself in the center and begins wrestling Jerry the remote control.  Dorothy watches, disconnected.  A steeliness comes over her that we have not yet seen.
137) 1) text: Dorothy drops Ray at preschool, and stands in the doorway the playroom.  She watches the boys and girls playing together in a room full of bright colors and games.  Musi Anxiety building.
138) 1) text: Jerry sits finishing a phone call to an advertising accou exec. He has come here, to Ray's playhouse for privacy.
139) 1) text: Jerry kisses sleepy Ray goodbye.
139) 4) text: And then faces the exotic fish who now resides on Ray's table.  He once lived in a tank the size of a Cadillac. fish now hangs in a too-small bowl, looking at him.
147) 1) text: The Tidwell clan are banging on t.v. trays and whooping loudly. But in the middle of the cheers, Marcee sees the unsettled look on young Tyson's face.   She pulls him ove her, giving him preference over baby Kaydee.  He is the o thing in her world, as she says:
162) 17) text: He moves to her.  They embrace.  Ray watches in b.g.  Jer has given this room hope.  It's on their faces. At last, Laurel gets off on her sister's happiness, as she shares look with Chad.
163) 17) text: watching off-camera.  Marcee crying too.  Shot takes us t Jerry, Dorothy and Ray.
164) 1) text: Jerry, Dorothy, Ray exit into the daylight.  They walk to Jerry's car. From across the fence, a stray baseball from pick-up game flies into the parking lot and bounces ahead them.  Ray picks it up. In an easy fluid motion, he whips back over the fence to the game on the other side.  A few kids on the other side of the fence shout their approval a great little throw.
164) 4) text: Jerry and Dorothy stop, looking at Ray who has just shown shocking natural ability.  They are quiet for a moment, turning slowly to look at each other.  And then, not read deal with it, not even close to ready to deal with it, th say quickly to the boy:
164) 5) text: JERRY                         DOROTHY Come on, Ray.                 Ray, let's go.
164) 6) text: Happily Ray joins them as they walk to the car.  A family Music.