21) 6) text: Across the room, 4 year-old menace TYSON ceases trying to a plexiglass case off the wall.
21) 9) text: Tyson just stares at Jerry.  Jerry has little luck with k He gives Marcee a quick peck and heads for the fridge.  H grabs a two-pint bottle of orange Gatorade -- another habit -- and sits down at his desk.  He slips into crisis mode like an old shirt.
21) 50) text: It is the kind of poster that is strictly the domain of second-tier players. Commanding wide-receiver ROD TIDWELL 27, stands shirtless, hands on hips, looking vaguelyl uncomfortable. Emplazoned above his head: IN ROD WE TRUST Elsewhere in the room, we hear the inevitable crash ("Tyson!").
46) 1) text: ROD TIDWELL, 27, begins this conversation in the kitchen. is a powerful physical presence, and he holds a hot new cellular phone. He fixes young son Tyson a bowl of cereal he talks.  In the background, monitoring the crisis is Ma Tidwell.
50) 4) text: Tidwell enters bedroom.  Marcee, Tyson and Tee Pee in tow
131) 1) text: This is the Tidwell family ritual of watching Rod's games the big-screen home t.v.  At the center is Marcee Tidwell Everything flows from her.  Next to her is Tyson, and the the cousins, the neighborhood friends.  At this particula moment, they are all screaming for Rod, who is taking a beating, but is having a hell of a game.  In front of the t.v., Tyson does the "Daddy Dance," a dance of pure joy.
131) 3) dialog: (proudly, to family) That's my motherfucker!
131) 7) text: Tyson nods, wide-eyed.
134) 1) text: The Tidwells and the Maguires.  Tyson and Ray run around table of this family-style restaurant. Marcee is very ver pregnant. They crack crabs for each other, seasoning for other, feeding each other like one many-armed and loving
147) 1) text: The Tidwell clan are banging on t.v. trays and whooping loudly. But in the middle of the cheers, Marcee sees the unsettled look on young Tyson's face.   She pulls him ove her, giving him preference over baby Kaydee.  He is the o thing in her world, as she says:
147) 5) dialog: "It looks worse than it is...
150) 4) text: And then, in a cry that gurgles from way down deep, Marce begins to sob.  Camera catches the face of Tyson, now panicked.  Scared, he embraces his mother.
154) 58) text: Tyson watches in silent awe of his mother.