3) 8) text: A strong, attractive* woman in her early 30's. Lobbying f mutant rights, she addresses the room. A simple placard before her: JEAN GREY. GENETICALLY ENHAN RIGHTS ASSOCIATION.
3) 9) dialog: But there's a problem..
3) 11) dialog: Once we humans stopped adapting to our environment and began adapting our environment to suit us — in other words, once we started making clothes, building shelters and using heat... QUICK SHOTS: early huts, early clothing; then early homes later homes, air conditioning, cars, modern high-rises; e
3) 12) dialog: the imitator gene went into dormancy, and mankind itself stopped evolving. And hasn't, for thousands of years.
3) 13) text: On the room, the reactions, and on JEAN herself.
3) 14) dialog: Until now. Jean directs her LASER POINTER to the words "PRESENT DAY, where the "evolution line" has resumed its rise.
3) 15) dialog: For the first time in millennia, the earth is changing faster than our ability to keep up with it. 10. FOOTAGE: HUMAN BEINGS, now, like the animals earlier, hav MINOR "MUTATIONS": we see IMAGES of minor "POWERS"- someo who can seemingly MOVE SHADOWS with his hands; Uri Geller BENDING SPOONS; someone else who appears to be able to SI PAPER WITH HER EYES; someone else who can briefly MAKE AN OBJECT BLUR AND THEN REFOCUS...
3) 16) dialog: These are but a few of the reasons we are seeing what some are calling the beginnings of another stage of evolution. A GAVEL bangs on the dais. A MICROPHONED VOICE interrupts Bearing down is the flamboyant SENATOR SCOTT "FRANK" KELL conservative from Florida, and the hearing's Chairman.
3) 18) dialog: Considering it is the agenda of this committee to register mutants as though they were -
3) 21) dialog: Some mutations manifest themselves as powers, but these are remote in the extreme. Most are merely physical alterations.
3) 23) dialog: A person driving a car can be dangerous.
3) 25) dialog: But not to live. Kelly has been waiting for an opening like this and is re He raises a blown-up photograph: a grainy, super-zoomed, somewhat obscured image of a CAR ON A FREEWAY which appea to have "melted." Now he's really playing to the crowd.
3) 27) dialog: I presume nothing. I am here to tell you that in time, the mutator gene will activate in every living human being on this planet. Perhaps even your Children, Senator.
3) 30) dialog: To be frank, Senator, I am tickled. The ROOM LAUGHS, good-naturedly. 12.
3) 33) dialog: There is indeed a... a school specifically designed -
3) 36) dialog: That was simply for the protection of the students who -
3) 38) dialog: Professor Xavier is without question the finest -
3) 40) dialog: Education. Enlightenment.
3) 42) dialog: There are some things the world is not ready to -
7) 1) text: The dog tags. Nothing odd about them at a glance. Military dog tags, weathered and beaten, but certainly plain. Canadian Military, Logan's name, rank and serial, number. odd thing is the date of birth. 12/4/-- No year. His thumb feels the indentation of the word at the bottom the tag that does not seem to fit here. WOLVERINE. Jean knocks on a door before entering. 21. Xavier looks up from behind his desk and waits.
7) 3) dialog: I think it's time to rewrite the periodic table.
8) 0) text: Logan, looking better, sitting up. Xavier sitting beside bed. Jean Grey at the floor, looking at his chart.
8) 10) dialog: Make you wear your lunch. Logan nods, conceding.
8) 22) dialog: I wouldn't do that.
8) 24) dialog: Why was that thing out there chasing you?
9) 0) text: Beast watched Logan finish eating through a tiny window o the door to his room. Xavier and Jean talk in a whisper, out of earshot.
9) 1) dialog: ...that is completely unacceptable.
9) 3) dialog: We don't know who he is, what they were doing out there. For all we know he was working with Magneto. If that's the case then he has already seen too much. Logan's voice echoes from the other room, through the wal
13) 0) text: The usual racket made by a hundred school kids at lunch t Logan can make out Cyclops, Storm, Beast and Jean among t kids eating here.
13) 2) text: Some of these children have potentially dangerous abilities. Logan is looking across the room at Jean and Cyclops, 37. waiting on line for food. They laugh at some joke and then kiss tenderly. The look on his face betrays a loneliness, jealousy not of Cyclops, but of them both.
14) 0) text: A large, gym-like structure used for TRAINING. (*Note: this is not your typical "firing range." It's a r designed for people with mutations ranging the entire spectrum. It is colorful, strangely shaoed, full of objec the likes of which we've never seen.) Outside is a CONTROL ROOM where Jean Grey sits manipulati the various exercises of the DANGER ROOM from a control panel. CYCLOPS is inside, working on controlling the laser-like that emerges from behind his visor. He fires at various O SHAPED OBJECTS that dart across the room. He wears specially-made padding: training gear that resem well-worn versions of what we'll later come to know as th trademark uniforms. Logan watches Cyclops a thick PLEXIGLAS WINDOW which divi the room from the control room. Logan and Xavier enter, watching the exercise. 39.
16) 0) text: Cyclops and Xavier watch from behind the thick Plexiglas. Jean hits a lever on the control panel. The first object SHOOTS out of the wall.
18) 0) text: The shape smashes hard but harmlessly into the Plexiglas window. no one in the booth is fazed. Jean takes the lever up another notch. Cyclops smiles. Xa remains concerned.
23) 0) text: Xavier is watching this with growing interest, seeing something new in Logan's features. Another object comes at him and he destroys it, but now w a venom. No longer playing. Cyclops leans forward and hits the lever, driving it to i highest level. Jean shoots him a look. Now, suddenly -- The FLOOR FALLS OUT BELOW LOGAN... and HE DROPS THROUGH. a powerful STREAM OF AIR shoots up through the opening... and... ...Logan rises back up into the room, off balance, in the continuous flood of air. He ducks and rolls, swinging wil as he tries to maintain a kind of equilibrium in the air more fireballs shoot toward him — He deflects one, but other ignites his clothes.
24) 0) text: Cyclops smiles. Hot shot ain't so hot after all. But something is wrong — Jean senses it — she leans c the Piexiglas, concerned — 42. Logan starts to breathe heavily as he swings wildly, out control in frustration. The hair on his body stands on en
24) 1) dialog: Professor...
28) 1) dialog: You'd better bring him down. Now Xavier focuses his sights on Logan and USING TELEPATH XAVIER, literally, TRIES TO SHOT LOGAN DOWN.
28) 4) dialog: Jean never takes her eyes off of Logan.
28) 5) dialog: I'm alright.
28) 7) dialog: This is where you belong.
28) 9) dialog: Who? She is getting closer now.
28) 12) dialog: Hurting me will only make it worse, Logan. Logan struggles, muscles straining as though unable to mo of his own free will. Now Jean is within reach, the claws mere inches from her throat. She moves toward them, closer... closer... until. They retract, slowly, reluctantly, easing back into his b Resigning. Cyclops watches this with obvious concern and mixed emoti Then she touches his hand and he crumbles. Jean catches him and helps his exhausted body to the floo
50) 3) dialog: This will give you a little more protection than the last time. Obviously, we would make one more suited for your abilities. SHOOK. Logan's hands come up, claws having extended throu the special gloves, tearing nasty holes in them.
50) 5) dialog: Put those away. Xavier's voice comes in over a loudspeaker.
51) 1) dialog: What is it?
51) 4) dialog: How in the world could you have let her go?
51) 11) dialog: ENOUGH. None of this matters, what is important is finding Rogue and bringing her back before something happens to her.
65) 0) text: Jean and Beast are here, working on something or other. T hear the racket and look at one another. Finally, Beast leaves the room to go look. 71.
69) 0) text: Magneto comes carefully around the corner and into the la There he sees Jean Grey standing calmly on the far side o the room, hand behind her back. He almost does not see the BASEBALL BAT, that whips inche from his head. Magnsto smiles. The bat waves back and forth, whipping the air, warning h to come no further.
69) 3) dialog: She hits the floor, unconscious. Suddenly, from out of nowhere, Beast charges directly at Magneto with the stealth of a cat, catching him by surpri Magneto wheels in time to see nothing but a wall of Blue and a hand of the same getting hold of his neck. 74.
72) 0) text: Logan comes to the open door to see Beast in the center o the room with Magneto by the throat, his giant blue hand making it look no thicker than a man's wrist. But Magneto, for a man in such a predicament, seems frightfully calm. Beast, on the other hand, looks terrified. Then Logan see why. Jean Grey is on the other side of the room, still unconscious. Hovering over her are the X-ray and the examination table and both are encrusted with every horri sharp metal object in the room. Stale mate. If Beast squeezes, Jean is gone.
72) 16) dialog: 
72) 18) text: Now they all turn to see that Jean has come to under the of metal. She pushes with her mind and the metal starts t rise. Logan seizes the opportunity to move for Magneto, but the moment is lost when Magneto bears down and the mass of st violently forces itself down to within inches of Jean. Her whole body trembles with the force she generates, but is only enough to hold him at bay. Magneto on the other h seems to be using about as much strength as it would take trim his fingernails.
72) 25) dialog: Wait, wait, wait. Beast backs off.
72) 27) dialog: Go after them.
72) 29) dialog: Forget about me. Go after them.
72) 32) dialog: Listen to me, you flea circus, I'll handle this. Go get Logan. Beast shakes his head, inspecting the metal above her, th looking around the room for something, anything. Sadly, m of what he could use for leverage is hovering above her. Beast thinks for the longest time as the metal again begi to push down. Jean fights it heroically, managing to get few feet in the air before it starts to press slowly down again. 79. Finally, Beast begins to breathe, psyching himself up.
72) 33) dialog: Don't you dare.
72) 35) dialog: 
74) 0) text: Xavier and the others come in through the wreckage that i the house. All of the students are on the front lawn, waiting quietl Beast and Jean come worn and tattered out to greet them. Everyone looks at each other, defeated.
74) 4) dialog: Logan could be dead by then. Rogue turns and walks out of the room. Cyclops looks at J with some frustration.
77) 2) dialog: Oh for God's sake, Scott -
79) 0) text: Jean Grey takes samples of Kelly's plasma, while Beast pr him here and there. Rogue/ Storm and Cyclops stand watchi in horror. Xavier tries to see the face of his adversary this blob of gelatin.
83) 2) dialog: An antenna? ,
83) 8) dialog: But how did Kelly -
83) 14) dialog: Bow long does he have?
83) 20) dialog: When Edison made the lightbulb, his greatest challenge was finding the right filament. He tried everything. Copper/ platinum, even human hair... But tungsten was the thing.
83) 23) dialog: He isn't after Logan at all.
84) 2) dialog: What is it?
84) 7) dialog: We have to find him.
84) 9) dialog: They're going to kill him. Burn him up like kindling. Rogue turns away from all of this, tears coming to her ey
84) 11) dialog: You don't want to find him.
84) 13) dialog: You heard me. You don't want to find him.
84) 16) dialog: I am shocked that you could be so utterly
85) 9) dialog: No... I'm sorry. What I said was wrong.
85) 11) dialog: He fascinates, me, Scott. As a scientist. That's all.
85) 13) dialog: What then? What could it possibly be?
85) 15) dialog: It's never the same as when I look at - And she sees him touching the visor self-consciously with trembling hand. She shudders... reaching for his hand and taking it away so that he can see her.
85) 16) dialog: Oh, Scott... Scott, I am so sorry... 90.
115) 4) dialog: It wouldn't have worked, Max. You're machine was flawed. The mutations burned twice as bright for half as long. Less in fact.
115) 6) dialog: What good will killing us do? Aren't we like you, Max. Don't our deaths at least mean murder to you?
115) 8) dialog: If you kill us now, you'll never find out where the rest of the adamantium is. And the creeping metal stops, creeps back a bit.
115) 17) dialog: 
116) 0) text: Beast walks out of the statue base, carrying a motionless Logan. Storm and Jean flank Rogue, having wrapped in her storm's cloak, each with an arm around her. Cyclops brings up the rear. They walks toward the seawall where their boat is waiting. But then, Cyclops stops. Be looks back. Then up at the st and its arm, finally focusing on its torch, where the dev is held. With as much effort as it would take a "normal* human to light a Cigarette, HE FIRES A BEAM OF ENERGY FROM HIS EYE
118) 0) text: Scott and Jean are huddled together on sofa, sleeping. Storm sits wide awake, staring into space, deep in though Rogue paces back and forth nervously. No one is really listening to the television.