11) 0) text: Guyrich and Kelly in front of the man himself. If he is i the chair, he must be THE PRESIDENT. Xavier is on the television in the same interview that Magento was watching.
11) 3) dialog: We don't really know that.
11) 5) dialog: I'm all for some kind of investigation here. But we -
11) 7) dialog: I just don't see it. This threat you keep talking about. I mean sure, they exist, no one is disputing that, intellectually, I understand you, but the American people are not going to see it like you and I do. We're talking about one tenth of one tenth of one tenth of the world's population here.
11) 9) dialog: Scott, you really have to get rid of this 35.
11) 11) dialog: I have a little thing in my way called the Constitution. You might have heard of it. It's what keeps people from calling me "king."
11) 16) dialog: You finish that sentence. Mr. Guyrich. Go on. But Guyrich is quiet.
11) 17) dialog: I thought so. Gentlemen, I am franticly preparing myself for the largest single summit in the history of the planet and I haven't the time nor the inclination to sit here and listen to two yahoos tell me that the end of the world is coming in the shape of some fifteen year old kid from Iowa with bug eyes and big feet. You've got a storm in a teacup here and I will have not one more word said about it. 36.
11) 18) dialog: And until a Mutant takes a shot at me personally/ I swear to you, they are as free as sweat on the equator to do as they please. Good day.
88) 0) text: In front of the main hall to Ellis Island, where once immigrants poured into the new world by the millions, is large set of risers specially designed for the heads of s to sit in audience to the presentation that awaits them. A huge military band off to one side plays music to help the milling about and shaking of hands. The President himself is in the crowd, himself meeting an greeting, a mob of Secret Service always right there. 91. A YASSIR ARAFAT TYPE, who we will call Yassir Arafat, com up to the President and smiles. He speaks so only Yassir hear.
88) 1) dialog: I have four hundred grand for poker after this. The two men LAUGH and then HUG to the flashing of a milli bulbs.
88) 4) dialog: The people of the United States welcome you.
88) 6) dialog: Not to worry, not to worry. You're safer here tonight than at home in your very own bed. Smattering of ass-kissy applause. Arafat and the Presiden wave to press and the like, Arafat leaning in so only the president can hear.
108) 0) text: The President on a podium. Liberty island in the backgrou
108) 1) dialog: and as we stand here side by side tonight. (MORE)
108) 3) dialog: As we put aside our differences and share with one another good will. As we gather together here, in the shadow of the - LIBERTY ISLAND GOES BLACK. From where they are, the dignitaries see the statue of Liberty vanish in darkness. The crowd reacts with murmurs concern.
117) 1) dialog: For you, the leaders of the world... for your people... For all mankind... I say let us shed the prejudices of the world we have left behind. LET US AT LAST EMBRACE ONE ANOTHER AS EQUALS. Behind him, THE TORCH ON THE STATUE EXPLODES IN A FIERY B in a magnificent denouement. PAUSE - the stunned dignitaries not expecting anything to follow the first unexpected display. The President is more shocked than anyone.