88) 0) text: In front of the main hall to Ellis Island, where once immigrants poured into the new world by the millions, is large set of risers specially designed for the heads of s to sit in audience to the presentation that awaits them. A huge military band off to one side plays music to help the milling about and shaking of hands. The President himself is in the crowd, himself meeting an greeting, a mob of Secret Service always right there. 91. A YASSIR ARAFAT TYPE, who we will call Yassir Arafat, com up to the President and smiles. He speaks so only Yassir hear.
89) 2) text: Every fifty feet or so, uniformed Secret Service agents k tight watch on the island.
89) 3) text: One Secret Service guy in particular. PUSH IN FROM ABOVE - we realize we are pushing in unusual fast, as though we are falling perhaps. WHAM. A sickening crunch. Toad lands on top of the Secret Service guy. We have been watching from his P.O.V. The Secret Service man is crumpl into a heap. A real frog ribbits 0.S. Toad looks around quietly, listens.... THEN LEAPS, out of frame. Hold on the body of the Secret Service guy. LONG PAUSE. ANOTHER SICKENING CRUNCH OFF SCREEN.
90) 0) text: Two Secret Service guys approach one another. One is hold a smoke, the other is producing a lighter. Just as his sm is about to hit the flame, the flame dodges to one side. moves the smoke to follow it, and the flame dodges the ot way. The guy with the smoke looks at the guy with the lighter if to say "knock it off." The guy with the lighter shrugs
93) 0) text: As the Secret Service guy waves, he jolts upright, his fa contorting in impossible pain. Slowly, he is lifted off t ground.
94) 1) text: Sabertooth holds the last Secret Service man aloft, impal on his claws. Be waves now, the body swaying this way and that before he casually throws it to the ground. The Pilot turns to the wheel of the boat as he MORPHS INT MYSTIQUE and turns the boat toward the island.
108) 4) text: A SECRET SERVICE AGENT raises a radio to his mouth.
108) 5) dialog: Liberty one, liberty one, this is horizon, do you copy. A MAN'S VOICE RESPONDS.
109) 0) text: The man in question is ANOTHER SECRET SERVICE AGENT. He stands in profile, looking up at the statue.