3) 0) text: The typical assembly of G.O.P. creeps. A lot of long chin and attempted charismatics. The room is crowded with press and the like to the point there is very little room to even move. It is quite simil to another sort of hearing from days past, only this time Senator in charge is not a drunken paranoid, but a very s one. SENATOR SCOTT FRANK KELLY sits in the middle of it all ha mastered the media much better than those around him. Thi why he is the chosen front man. Just behind him sits ROBERT GUYRICH - clearly a man behi the man whispering almost constantly in the Senator's ear
3) 7) text: PACKED with reporters and photographers. There's a DAIS ~ raised panel of SENATORS вЂ” and a second, lower PANEL. T where the "experts* are testifying.
3) 17) dialog: You' re avoiding the question I posed to you at the beginning of this hearing. Ms. Grey. Three words: Are mutants dangerous?
3) 20) dialog: Ms. Grey, to what extent are these mutations actually a threat? Jean takes a beat; processes the question. Then:
3) 22) dialog: But are they dangerous. 11.
3) 24) dialog: Well, we do license people to drive? A LAUGH from the gallery.
3) 26) dialog: This was taken by a traffic control video in Orange County. A man in a minor altercation literally melted the car in front of him. I don't know where you come from, Ms. Grey, but where I come from, you don't go melting people's cars when they cut you off. You do it the old fashioned way вЂ” you give em the finger. But what you presume to tell this committee -
40) 20) dialog: (then) Or would you just consider yourself prepared... for the future? Kelly winces from some terrible agony. A beat.
78) 0) text: Everyone comes rushing into the bathroom and over to the toilet, looking in. LONG PAUSE. Nothing. 82. They look rather silly all staring at the calm water. Jus they are backing away, looking at Rogue, a gurgling sound comes from the corner. They all turn to see: . Senator Kelly, or what is left of him. Be has now evolved into nothing more than a mass of vaguely humanbid jelly.
80) 0) text: THE CAGE OF SENATOR KELLY. NOW HIS P.O.V. as seen by Xavi Vision fades in and out in a sedated haze. He is laid out on a gurney, being wheeled toward bars tha seem to have no door. Then they bend back to allow the gu to be wheeled - through. 83. He looks up and sees Magneto wheeling the gurney, smiling down with a wink at the Senator. Kelly looks down at his feet and sees the corridor lined those mysterious pieces of machinery... somehow familiar. They all seem to be versions of the same thing.
84) 0) text: Everyone rushes in, but the Senator is gone. Or at least appears to be. It is Xavier who notices the pool of jelly on the floor, with the consistency of Olive oil. He reaches down and di his fingers in the thin film.