46) 0) text: Toad, Blob ar.ВЈ Pyro split up, looking this way and that Toad heads down a particularly dark hallway and slows dow listening. All he hears is the dripping of water in the Subterranean corridor. He walks past a drain pipe that leads to who knows where, small - perhaps ten inches in diameter, he does not think notice it. Once he is safely by, a large bubble of clear goo emerges from the drain, rolling over to reveal it is Kelly's head looking both ways before emerging further. He drags himself out, face contorted in a silent scream o agony. He comes up onto his "feet" and looks at his fingers, now more like tentacles reaching up to his elbow. He is so bu seeing if the coast is clear, he does not hear blob comin behind him. Blob throws a meat-fisted punch which tears Kelly's suit rams right through back and out his chest, doing almost nothing otherwise. Kelly goes to grab Blob's fist and his rope-fingers wrap around the giant's flesh and instantly bring scarlet, bur like welts to him. Much like the tendrils of a jellyfish. 59. Blob screams in agony, pulling back and wrapping one hand around the other, now burning his good hand all over the palm. More screaming, and the sounds of Toad coming back. Kelly runs past a helpless Blob.
48) 0) text: Kelly comes to the edge of a sheer cliff. End of the road Several hundred feet straight down and jagged rocks below He turns hearing the underbrush crashing behind him and s Sabertooth, Pyro and Toad all closing in on him. Kelly thinks for moment, panicked and desperate. Then he resigns, holding his tentacles out like the arms used to be as if to say "I give up..." And he falls backward. Sabertooth makes a desperate lunge almost falls after him. Only Pyro and Toad are there to c him. They all watch as Kelly falls silently toward the rocks below, looking up at them with almost a smile.
50) 1) text: Across the road. The leaves on the trees seem to move. Th one of the trees itself. Then, his camouflage fading, TOAD comes down from the treetops, heading in Rogue's direction.
58) 0) text: Cyclops has a clear shot now. His eyes start to glow brightly. Suddenly, a familiar movement on the pedestal behind him. Toad has been camouflaged the entire time. He comes down licks HIS LIZARD-LIKE TONGUE, snatching the visor from Cyclops' face.
60) 3) dialog: We're all set. Xavier is on his way. Get to the mansion. He leaps away, leaving Mystique to transform back into Ro nar real identity. Rogue looks back to the spot where the real Mystique was lying and sees that she is gone.
73) 0) text: Logan is tightly trundled in his box, no way to struggle. Toad is at the controls, Blob, Pyro and Mystique all star this newcomer. He stares back at them. Most of all, he gl at Sabertooth, who most certainly would like another piec
89) 3) text: One Secret Service guy in particular. PUSH IN FROM ABOVE - we realize we are pushing in unusual fast, as though we are falling perhaps. WHAM. A sickening crunch. Toad lands on top of the Secret Service guy. We have been watching from his P.O.V. The Secret Service man is crumpl into a heap. A real frog ribbits 0.S. Toad looks around quietly, listens.... THEN LEAPS, out of frame. Hold on the body of the Secret Service guy. LONG PAUSE. ANOTHER SICKENING CRUNCH OFF SCREEN.
97) 0) text: The sound of the band in the distance. Sabertooth walks u a LARGE SET OF METAL DOORS surrounded by stately old conc bricks. Toad, Pyro and Mystique keep a lookout as Magneto waits. SABERTOOTH RIPS THE DOORS FROM THEIR HINGES and walks in. Magneto follows. The rest stay behind.
104) 0) text: again, from high up. Where we first saw Toad's P.O.V. Now it is Magneto who looks down. From atop what, we cann tell. He sees the fog engulfing the whole rim of the isla and puzzles over it. He is not comfortable. Sabertooth is beside him.