5) 3) text: Stevens laughs: it's obvious. A real DRUG DEALER joins the cop. UNDERCOVER COP: "You go it?" DEALER: "In the motel, right over here..." The Cop's uneasy, keeps glancing back toward the CAMERA as they go.
5) 7) text: Carver studies Stevens in the darkness, impressed. ON SCREEN: The figures disappear into the motel. We hear  their voices. DEALER: "Here, try some of it." UNDERCOVER  COP: "Uhh... No, I don't..." DEALER: "Why not, you  sonofabitch?" Two bursts of SOUND DISTORTION. A plainclothes cop, TAFT, (black, stocky, powerful) bolts from behind the CAMERA, sprints toward the motel. The CAM wobbles after him.
14) 0) text: On the seam between South-Central and USC. Lots of people out: children, students, dealers, whores. Hull with a new haircut.
15) 0) text: Dealers (most in mid-teens) meeting cars, making transact All this casually observed. EDDIE comes up the street,  reciting his version of an old street toast.
15) 2) text: Those dealers not at car windows, gather around. He never speaks to them, goes on declaiming as he exchanges drugs money. Hull watches, talking to another street person. His appea continues to change: clothes, posture, walk, gestures sub conform to the environment, a bit like Zelig. Throughout film his appearance shifts, depending on who he's with. W always recognize him, but each time he's different. He walks up to a dealer, makes a quick buy and keeps goin But he sees them and is seen.
18) 0) text: Hull approaches another Dealer, the 13-year-old seen earl (angelic face). Like Hull, he's trying to act tough.
39) 0) text: Hull doling out vials to DEALERS seen earlier with Eddie.
40) 0) text: DEALERS going up to cars as before, only now they're Hull dealers. A well-dressed Black businessman buys from his B
42) 0) text: He comes out of the motel talking to a Dealer we've seen  above.
42) 2) text: The Dealer nods. Across the street Hull sees: A blue sedan. Taft and Hernandez. Taft gives Hull a littl nod and grin.
43) 0) text: Hull sitting in an aging Trans Am, making entries in a  notebook. Across the street he watches: A PREGNANT WOMAN (19), a squawling baby in arms, buying f one of his Dealers. He kicks the dash in frustrated anger. Under the MUSIC:
43) 2) text: As soon as the woman's gone. He goes over to the Dealer,  slaps his head, slaps it again. Under the MUSIC:
43) 3) dialog: (hurt, confused) What'd you do that for?
45) 0) text: Two USC football players (letter jackets, huge) hassling  BIJOUX, a woman dealer, pushing her, she pushes back, cur Suddenly Hull comes running up, shoves them apart. He's  yelling, pointing a finger in their faces. Elias comes up behind, calmer. Hull is smaller than either USC kid, but they back down a he curses them. Under MUSIC:
49) 0) text: Hull sits in the Trans Am eating a sandwich and watching street as a DEALER leans in the window telling his sob st There's an authority to Hull's manner that tells us he ma not like this job, but he knows how to do it.
49) 1) dialog: ...The guy ripped me off, man, so I  don't got the money, I don't got the  stuff and --
49) 3) dialog: Oh, but, man...
49) 7) text: Hull glances up: Bijoux is selling on the next corner. The Range Rover passes the Trans Am. Ivy leans out. Hull flings open the Trans Am door, throwing the Dealer t the ground. He jumps from the car:
92) 0) text: Elias arguing with a dealer. He slaps him around.