69) 55) text: Barbosa shakes his head, ashamed now in front of Gallegos
69) 60) text: Hull leads Elias to the door right past Gallegos. Their g meet again. As they go out they hear Gallegos BERATING Ba in furious Spanish.
85) 0) text: Hernandez comes out of a bodega with groceries, wine and woman. He nuzzles her as he lets her into his car. As he' getting behind the wheel, Molto (Gallegos' guard) stops t door from closing. The conversation is entirely in SPANIS
89) 0) text: RAMON GALLEGOS lays a bouquet of white lillies on a grave He kneels, whispers a prayer, crosses himself. He rises and walks to where Molto and the other guards ho Hull and Elias. Gallegos is in his thirties, more Europea than Barbosa. He has a distinctly mild manner.
89) 3) dialog: My wife's. She died of leukemia three  years ago. (looks around) I like to be among the dead. They  never interrupt you. (turning to them) Felix Barbosa started out as a skinny  fourteen-year-old fucking Yankee  businessman in Bogata hotels. He  grew up. He made himself strong and  rich, but getting there made him  sick, and that killed him. So he  lost everything for the same reason  he'd gotten it in the first place.  Now we'll see if you can do as well.
89) 4) text: A PRIEST going by greets Gallegos who responds warmly. Th chat a minute in SPANISH. The Priest leaves.
89) 5) dialog: (continuing) Felix owed me one million eight  hundred thousand dollars.
89) 7) dialog: (continuing) When you killed him, you bought the  debt; now you owe it to me; you get  to keep thirty percent, like he did.  You have three days.
89) 8) text: Gallegos turns to leave.
89) 10) dialog: If you don't know, you shouldn't  have killed him.
89) 12) dialog: (continuing) Cute... Can I have that?
103) 0) text: A Technicolor Spanish melodrama is winding to its lurid e A door in back opens, and a burst of daylight reveals Hul and Elias being brought in by a guard and met by Molto. Molto and the guard frisk them, take their guns and money satchels, make them wait a moment until... The movie ends. The house lights come on revealing Ramon Gallegos as the  only spectator in the theater. He beckons. Molto and the  guard bring Hull and Elias down the aisle to him. Gallegos looking in the satchels. A tense moment.
103) 2) text: Gallegos is stern for a moment, then laughs.
103) 3) dialog: Big brass balls. Collecting money  makes you strong.
103) 4) text: Everybody relaxes. Gallegos scribbles something on a piec of paper, hands it to the guard who feeds it into a fax  machine.
103) 6) dialog: I'm telling our suppliers they got  paid. They'll be very happy. I'm  happy.
103) 9) dialog: So, how can I express my gratitude  for a job well done?
103) 11) text: Gallegos gestures to Molto to give them the guns.
103) 12) dialog: Done. Of course.
103) 15) dialog: (smiles) You're tougher than I thought, but  not that tough.
103) 17) text: He brings up the gun and SHOOTS Gallegos in the head. Hull and the guards are frozen. Then everyone goes for a  gun. Elias SHOOTS the guard. Hull has his gun to Molto's  head and screams at Elias: