18) 5) dialog: What the fuck I tell you about being  here?
18) 8) dialog: Too fuckin' late.
18) 9) text: POPPING noises. Ivy is waving an automatic weapon. Everyo on the street but Hull has hit the ground.
18) 10) dialog: (enjoying it, shouting) Get down, motherfuckers!
18) 11) text: Ivy laughs and fondles a girlfriend as the car ROARS off. sees Hull, pretends to fire, laughs as Hull, too, ducks.  When Ivy's gone, he runs to where a CROWD has gathered  around...
49) 7) text: Hull glances up: Bijoux is selling on the next corner. The Range Rover passes the Trans Am. Ivy leans out. Hull flings open the Trans Am door, throwing the Dealer t the ground. He jumps from the car:
49) 9) text: She turns. Sees Ivy. She puts out her hands to block the  shots. The SOUND of the gun is inaudible. The barrel boun slightly. Bijoux sprawls backward. Bijoux: dead on the sidewalk, limbs askew, bleeding from  many wounds. Hull, standing over her, covers her face.
51) 0) text: Hull and Elias driving, looking for Ivy. Elias double par by two prostitutes. We STAY in the car with Hull who's silent, frightened, ke trying to warm his hands. Outside, Elias is talking and laughing with the prostitut We see them point. He gives them money, kisses. They laug He gets back in the car.
55) 0) text: Ivy is pissing into a urinal. He's so huge he seems to ta up all the space in the tiny room. Hull stares at him, un to look away. He notices Hull. All dialogue is UNDER the POUNDING MUSIC
55) 1) dialog: What're you looking at?
55) 2) text: Hull stares at Ivy's face. Ivy considers this rude.
55) 3) dialog: (continuing) You want to suck it, bitch? (offers his dick) Or drink it?
55) 5) dialog: (continuing;  recognizing him) Oh, I know you. You're the bitch  whose whore I wasted tonight, ain't  you?
55) 7) dialog: (continuing) I gotta take care of you, too, huh?
55) 8) text: He reaches into his pants for the butt of a gun. Hull is frozen. Ivy starts to draw it out. Hull steps forward, grabs Ivy's gun arm. With his other h he clumsily pulls a silenced .22 from inside his jacket,  puts it in the underside of Ivy's jaw and SHOOTS twice. I brains spray upward onto the wall, and he slides straight the floor. Hull steps out into...
62) 0) text: On the pyramid chart there's a black border around Ivy's  photo, as around Eddie's. A photo of Hull is now on the b beside the one of Elias. Hull stares out the window, lost thought.