85) 0) text: Hernandez comes out of a bodega with groceries, wine and woman. He nuzzles her as he lets her into his car. As he' getting behind the wheel, Molto (Gallegos' guard) stops t door from closing. The conversation is entirely in SPANIS
85) 2) dialog: It never is.
85) 3) text: He SHOOTS him in the head. Hernandez slumps against the w The woman screams. Molto walks away.
88) 5) text: Hands pull him out of bed, leave her there alone. We see  Molto, two or three others.
89) 0) text: RAMON GALLEGOS lays a bouquet of white lillies on a grave He kneels, whispers a prayer, crosses himself. He rises and walks to where Molto and the other guards ho Hull and Elias. Gallegos is in his thirties, more Europea than Barbosa. He has a distinctly mild manner.
103) 0) text: A Technicolor Spanish melodrama is winding to its lurid e A door in back opens, and a burst of daylight reveals Hul and Elias being brought in by a guard and met by Molto. Molto and the guard frisk them, take their guns and money satchels, make them wait a moment until... The movie ends. The house lights come on revealing Ramon Gallegos as the  only spectator in the theater. He beckons. Molto and the  guard bring Hull and Elias down the aisle to him. Gallegos looking in the satchels. A tense moment.
103) 8) text: Elias seems a bit mad, but no one minds. He and Hull are  ready to go. He gestures to Molto, wants his gun back.
103) 11) text: Gallegos gestures to Molto to give them the guns.
103) 17) text: He brings up the gun and SHOOTS Gallegos in the head. Hull and the guards are frozen. Then everyone goes for a  gun. Elias SHOOTS the guard. Hull has his gun to Molto's  head and screams at Elias:
103) 28) text: Molto nods.
104) 0) text: Hull, Elias and Molto getting into their car. Molto is  recalcitrant. Elias pistol whips him. Hull stops him.
105) 2) text: Molto is silent. Elias FIRES a bullet right between his f Molto jumps. The boys turn. Hull grabs the gun away. We f the toll Elias's madness is taking on him.
105) 5) text: And, indeed, Molto is pointing to a Winnebago parked at t rear of the property.
106) 2) text: He, Elias and Molto are on hands and knees scooping it up
106) 5) text: Molto just glares at him. Elias smiles, takes the shoes a socks and all the contents of Molto's into the Winnebago, and he and Hull drive away, leaving the car behind.
108) 0) text: A car SQUEALS to a stop. Molto and three thugs smash thro the glass door. They disappear into the store where thing can be heard BREAKING. They emerge a moment later, jump i the car.
112) 0) text: Molto and men pouring through it. In frustration, Molto  smashes the table Hull had fussed over when Elias put his feet up.
122) 0) text: The limo climbs the ramps until it comes to Elias's car,  parked where the Winnebago was; the Winnie is nowhere in  sight. The limo pulls alongside. Hull and Elias get out. Molto gets out of the limo. Then  Renaldo Guzman.
124) 4) text: Elias produces one. Guzman gestures to Molto. Molto sampl it. Molto's eyes widen.
124) 5) dialog: Buy it!
125) 0) text: Molto caught between the lights. He draws his gun. GUNFIR He's cut down.