30) 0) text: Jean sits at the kitchen table eating a big fluffy biscui and looking intently at BAD, holding his fingers up for g posts. BUDDY, Jean's young son, is trying to hold a paper triangle with the tip of his finger so he can flick it wi his other hand through the finger posts.
42) 0) text: Buddy runs throughout the house with the phone.
42) 1) dialog: Hello?
42) 3) dialog: Hi!
42) 7) dialog: Watching Big Bird. (CONTINUED )
42) 11) dialog: He talked to the policeman.
51) 0) text: Bad watches as Jean and Buddy climb down the steps from t balloon. Buddy runs to him, talking so fast Bad can't eve understand him. Jean is glowing clear through.
53) 0) text: Jean, still quite drunk from dinner, checks on Buddy, kis his hair, and comes out into the living room. The fold ou couch is open. She looks at it, looks at her bedroom door which is half open. She crosses to the door, peeks in and sees Bad sitting on the edge of the bed in his clothes, drinking JD. She knocks lightly. He puts the glass down a looks over.
54) 11) dialog: Want biscuits? Jean walks out, laughing her heart out.
55) 0) text: 59 72 Buddy helps mix the biscuit batter with Bad. Jean hurries and out of the kitchen.
55) 4) dialog: I want to stay here.
55) 8) dialog: Yeah. Man stuff. some dishes into the sink. She is obviously torn.
56) 0) text: Bad grabs his crutches and moves about pretty well. Buddy right beside him. (CONTINUED )
56) 4) dialog: Big trouble.
57) 0) text: Swings, teeter-totters, and slides abound. Bad pushes Bud in the swing. Buddy's all smiles. Bad's enjoying himself, too. We get the sense he wished he'd done more of this in life. He's surprised when he looks down and sees his hands shak badly. He starts to reach into his jacket for a drink the stops and tries to tough it out.
58) 0) text: Jean comes in and anxiously calls. Nobody answers. It's suddenly hard to breathe. As she starts to search the hou Buddy and Bad clamber through the door. They are both inexplicably dirty.
59) 0) text: Bad's Suburban looks better than it did, though traces of bondo still remain. Buddy sits forlornly on the bumper as Jean puts Bad's guitar into the back. Bad musses Buddy's hair, as he's having a hard time with this goodbye, too. Buddy gets up abruptly and runs into the house. (CONTINUED )
68) 0) text: Buddy sits on the floor with a jigsaw puzzle strewn about (CONTINUED )
68) 4) dialog: I made the cars go real fast. Real fast, then the jeep went around the corner and it went BOOM. Buddy's voice hits the center of his head like a fist. (CONTINUED )
68) 7) dialog: I make them go faster than anybody and then they crash! JEAN grabs the phone from Buddy.
78) 0) text: Bad cleans his house in final preparation for Jean's visi It looks better than it ever has. The DOORBELL rings. Bad tosses a dust-rag into a laundry basket, takes a quic sip of whiskey, puts the glass in the sink, puts the bott in the cupboard, and heads for the door. He opens it to find JEAN and BUDDY. Jean wears a yellow d and is radiant. Buddy holds a little car. They feel so go they all stand and smile at one other for a moment.
79) 0) text: Biscuits for supper! Buddy is so full and tired he is nod off with a biscuit in his hand. Jean picks him up and tak him out. Bad goes to the cabinet for the bottle then leav it and follows Jean. INT. BEDROOM — NIGHT 100 * Jean undresses Buddy who is half asleep, and tucks him in Bad watches from the doorway, his heart full. Pink Revision 12/7/2009
81) 0) text: Bad wakes up on the fold out. Jean and Buddy were up earl Buddy has jelly on his mouth. They are both asleep beside now. He looks at them and cannot remember the last time h woke up so completely happy.
83) 0) text: Bad drives while Jean and Buddy sit up front. They drive through downtown Houston. The skyline juts out of the fla landscape.
84) 0) text: Bad walks slowly through the center as they look at rocke space ships, and all things NASA. Buddy's in heaven.
85) 11) dialog: Tunnels?
85) 13) dialog: Out of the ground? Like that guy on
85) 16) dialog: (insists) On TV. Jean isn't sure but wants to be.
86) 0) text: Bad and Buddy stand in front of a large SHARK tank. Mako, Tiger, and Sand sharks swim about.
87) 0) text: Holding Buddy's hand, Bad and Buddy step onto an ESCALATO and descend into the belly of the Tunnels.
88) 0) text: Bad and Buddy walk the endless passageways of the Tunnels Buddy's full of enthusiasm. Bad is tired and sore. He's a starting to sweat and shake. He looks to a CLOCK that han from the ceiling: eleven-thirty.
89) 4) dialog: Rocks.
89) 7) dialog: What am I supposed to do with it, Bud?
91) 0) text: Bad swings up and down the aisles of clothing, asking the woman at the front counter if she's seen Buddy. 113 114
93) 3) text: Where's Buddy? Bad, where's Buddy? Bad turns to find JEAN, in a printed dress, white and shaking.
94) 0) text: Jean sits across the room from Bad. She's unable to expre anything. The clock reads: one-fifteen. Finally, a woman in a blue-dress comes in holding BUDDY b the hand. A a gray-haired SECURITY GUARD walks in behind smiling. Buddy's eyes are swollen and tearing. He takes one look a Jean and begins to scream and cry. Jean rushes to him, holding and trying to comfort him. She rocks him back and forth.
95) 17) dialog: Bye. Buddy starts crying again. Bad watches them pull away.