2) 0) text: The room is standard fare: Queen bed, small TV, sparse li Telephone in hand, Bad, shirt stripped off, runs his hand across his broad belly and groans. On the TV, a man and woman embrace. Their lips move, but sound. Bad talks to his manager, JACK GREENE, late sixtie
3) 0) text: Jack sits behind his desk, staring out at the smoggy haze Los Angeles.
3) 1) dialog: Bad, I didn't want to tell you until you came off this swing. C.M.I. cut out "So Sweet, So Bad".
3) 3) dialog: It had slowed a lot, and the chains don't want it anymore. Plus, Tommy's got nine albums out there right now. Bad sits up and looks out into the parking lot.
3) 5) dialog: Tommy wants to know if you've got new material. Bad looks to the TV. The colors are streaked and blotchy.
3) 7) dialog: Tommy thinks he's leaning too hard on the old stuff. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
3) 10) dialog: He doesn't want people to think he's riding the gravy train.
3) 12) dialog: Come on, Bad. Remember who's asking who to do a record here. Bad stands and moves to the window.
3) 14) dialog: Bad, calm down. Tommy says he wants new material. I'll keep talking, but he holds the cards. You know that, I know it, and Tommy Sweet sure as hell knows it.
3) 17) dialog: I sent you money when you were still in Texas. Plenty. So spend it wisely, Bad.
3) 22) dialog: I love you too, bye. (CONTINUED )
3) 24) text: Jack hangs up. Bad falls heavily onto the mattress.
4) 0) text: Bad stares at a fifth of JACK DANIEL'S for what seems lik eternity. As he stoops to a pint of HEAVEN HILL, his knee erack and he exhales. All accompanied by a deep sigh.
10) 0) text: Two hours before the show. Bad watches a MEXICAN soap ope on TV, still without sound. He takes a long pull at his bottle of Jack Daniels. He's pretty lit.
23) 36) dialog: Bad? I've got great news and I've busted my ass for this. Write it down. Cancel Benson, Arizona, on your itinerary. You're into Phoenix, Arizona's Sun Pavillion, eight o'clock sharp. Bad fumbles for pen and paper.
24) 0) text: Jack, seated behind his desk, stares out at the city's sm horizon.
24) 1) dialog: Well?
24) 5) dialog: For Christ's sake. I just called to tell you you're out of the Red Bison Lounge in Benson, Arizona, and into a pavillion.
24) 7) dialog: A goddamned pavillion, Bad. An outdoor arena. You're opening a major show in Phoenix.
24) 9) dialog: Cut the crap. Twelve thousand seats, Bad. Where else are you going to play in front of that many people?
24) 11) dialog: This is the best part...Tommy Sweet.
24) 13) dialog: Bad. Think about this. You want to do another album with Tommy. This is a step in the right direction. Bad doesn't respond.
24) 14) dialog: Open for him, get together, talk with him. I haven't been able to convince him, but I got him to agree to this.
24) 16) dialog: Who are you going to open for? Willie Nelson, the Stones? How about Madonna? Should I try Madonna? 12/7/2009 24 32
24) 21) dialog: You and I both know that Tommy owes you. Well, he's making a payment here. Twelve thousand seats, Bad. You and I both know exactly how much it's worth. Finally:
24) 23) dialog: You'll do it? Another long beat.
24) 25) dialog: No. Tell me now...Yes or no, Bad... Bad? Yes or no? Long pause. Bad looks in the mirror. He ain't getting any younger.
24) 27) dialog: Excellent. You'll have a kick ass back up band...Oh, and Bad, don't mess this up.
24) 29) dialog: Real funny. Gotta go, Bad. Phone line goes dead. EXT. STREETS OF SANTA FE — AFTERNOON 33 Bad walks through the middle of town. The streets of Sant are narrow and lined with Art Galleries. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: Bad follows RALPHIE, a little man in jeans and a red sati jacket, through the labyrinthine bowels of the coliseum. Ralphie's wearing a wireless headset. He moves at a swift pace.
47) 0) text: Bad's flat on his back in Jean's bed. His foot is propped on two pillows. On the table beside him are his cigarette and a bottle of JACK DANIEL'S. He can hear Jean move through the house. On the televisio that sits at the foot of the bed, two women talk. One fig back tears. Bad hops to the other side of the room, where guitar is propped against the chair, grabs it and scoots to the bed. For a bit, Bad just plays. He moves from harmonic to melo and back, responding to signals he's not conscious of. It as though his fingers have taken charge and all he needs do, must do, is listen to what they are doing.
48) 0) text: Bad sits on a porch swing talking on the phone to Jack Greene. His leg propped up on a table.
49) 0) text: Jack curls a small dumbbell as he talks on the phone.
49) 1) dialog: What are you doing back in Santa Fe?
50) 8) dialog: Can you drive?
50) 10) dialog: I want to get you back out there.
50) 12) dialog: Remind me to put you in a couple of comedy clubs...Just so you know, I have a contract here, offering you seventy-five thousand dollars advance for an album to be recorded at a future date. Plus another twenty thousand for first refusal rights to all songs written or co- written by you over the next two years.
50) 14) dialog: Ditto. This is now your best year in the last seven. And thank Tommy Sweet for it. So ease up on him...Talk to you in Houston, and don't marry your friend!
57) 0) text: Swings, teeter-totters, and slides abound. Bad pushes Bud in the swing. Buddy's all smiles. Bad's enjoying himself, too. We get the sense he wished he'd done more of this in life. He's surprised when he looks down and sees his hands shak badly. He starts to reach into his jacket for a drink the stops and tries to tough it out.
67) 0) text: The sun's harsh rays penetrate his blinds. Bad's crashed in bed. A nearly empty bottle of JACK rests on his bedsid table. The PHONE rings. Bad, hung over, reaches for the phone.
104) 0) text: Bad crosses to the cabinet and takes out a glass. He then opens the freezer and pulls out several cubes of ice. Out habit, he opens the Pantry. Staring him in the face is an unopened bottle of JACK DANIEL'S. He looks at it for a be and then reaches beside it for a Coke. He pours it over t ice reaches for his medication. He downs them both. After a beat, Bad re-opens the pantry, grabs the Jack Daniel's and drop it in the trash can.
110) 5) dialog: Helluva song. As Tommy begins another verse, Jack pulls an ENVELOPE fro his breast pocket and hands it to Bad.
110) 6) dialog: They're getting bigger by the day. Bad opens the envelope and pulls out a Royalty Check.
110) 8) dialog: Great show. You're doing it, man.