1) 1) dialog: (0.8.)
1) 2) text: Bad Blake! I'm proud to meet you, God. I used to listen to you when I was just a kid. Bad manages a wheeze and smile and pumps the manager's ha The MANAGER is overweight, early thirties, and all smiles
1) 3) dialog: Have a good trip?
1) 5) dialog: Down there's the bandstand. The manager points to a make-shift stage: in the shadow l a drum kit and microphones.
1) 6) dialog: I'll catch up to you later. Sure glad to have you, Bad. Makes my day. Bad moves over to the BAR. INT. THE SPARE ROOM BOWLING ALLEY - BAR — CONTINUOUS 3 * Behind the bar, enormous fish swim back and forth ina lighted aquarium. Bad calls to the BARMAID. (CONTINUED )
1) 15) dialog: Mr. Blake, we have a real nice room for you over in the Starlight Inn, and of course, your meals are taken care of, but I'm afraid we can't let you run a bar tab. It's in the contract. Mr. Greene of Greene and Gold put that in himself. Bad reaches out. For a second he is ready to grab the gri knob of the manager's Adam's apple and crush it. Instead, touches the man's shoulder and gently squeezes.
1) 21) dialog: Mr. Blake. Let me personally offer you all the free bowling you want. Bad nearly chokes.
2) 0) text: The room is standard fare: Queen bed, small TV, sparse li Telephone in hand, Bad, shirt stripped off, runs his hand across his broad belly and groans. On the TV, a man and woman embrace. Their lips move, but sound. Bad talks to his manager, JACK GREENE, late sixtie
33) 3) text: At both ends of the stage, amps are stacked ten high-Fend and Marshalls. At the back of the stage is a Rogers drum and at the far end is a Baldwin grand piano. All around t stage are stacked blue Anvil crates on casters. Stenciled the side: Tommy Sweet. It's a real country-star productio Bad looks out across the arena. There are two tiers of se which run in a horseshoe from the stage to about a hundre yards back. A huge, fat man in a sleeveless cowboy shirt moves across stage toward them. This is BEAR, the stage manager.