33) 0) text: Bad follows RALPHIE, a little man in jeans and a red sati jacket, through the labyrinthine bowels of the coliseum. Ralphie's wearing a wireless headset. He moves at a swift pace.
33) 1) dialog: Damn good to meet you, Mr. Blake. I'ma big fan... Big show tonight. Ralphie turns and sticks a cloth PATCH to the leg of Bad' jeans. It reads: Tommy Sweet, Lovin' you. They climb up ten wooden stairs, onto the stage. Roadies undershirts are busy taping wires to the stage. (CONTINUED )
33) 4) dialog: Bear, this is Bad Blake.
33) 13) dialog: You go on at eight sharp. You get forty-five minutes. Stay on that. You can't run over more than three minutes. Tommy's on at nine- fifteen, off at eleven. We're torn down by one-thirty. There'll be a party at Tommy's hotel around two or so. (CONTINUED )
33) 18) text: Ralphie turns around and smiles.
33) 19) dialog: The Ritz.
34) 0) text: Ralphie leads Bad into a room that looks like a bus stati john, white tile floor and wall. Four men sit on folding chairs, eating and drinking.
34) 1) dialog: "Bum Steer", your backup. The band all stand to greet Bad.
38) 1) text: RALPHIE leads BAD and the BUM STEER through the belly of Pavillion. *
38) 2) dialog: Oh, Bad. Mr. Greene has sent you five boxes of product to sell here at the show.
38) 4) dialog: He's sent five hundred units of "Memories" for you to sell.
38) 6) dialog: I'm just delivering the message. Tommy said you can put them up with his concessionaires...Mr. Greene says you get to keep all proceeds. They make the final turn toward the stage and can see tha the Pavillion is nearly full. The noise of the crowd is l a low grinding. THE HOUSE LIGHTS GO DOWN. The crowd respo favorably. Bad looks up to a spotlight that's trained on the stage. NICK, the bass player, says to no one in particular:
38) 11) dialog: Ninety seconds. Six steps, remember that. The noise rolls over the band.
38) 12) dialog: Go. The band moves up the steps to the stage. Over the PA:
40) 0) text: As Bad and the Bum Steer walk off stage, Ralphie grabs Ba
40) 1) dialog: Tommy would like you to join him in his set for 'Please Release Me' and ‘Memories'. I'll cue you.