33) 3) text: At both ends of the stage, amps are stacked ten high-Fend and Marshalls. At the back of the stage is a Rogers drum and at the far end is a Baldwin grand piano. All around t stage are stacked blue Anvil crates on casters. Stenciled the side: Tommy Sweet. It's a real country-star productio Bad looks out across the arena. There are two tiers of se which run in a horseshoe from the stage to about a hundre yards back. A huge, fat man in a sleeveless cowboy shirt moves across stage toward them. This is BEAR, the stage manager.
35) 0) text: Bad sits at a table in the back corner. A commotion cause him to look up from his MENU. TOMMY SWEET, handsome, mid- thirties, and looking every bit the country-star that he poses for a picture with adoring fans. Tommy kisses an older woman on the cheek and then approac Bad's table.
35) 1) dialog: Heard you might be over here.
35) 3) dialog: I always admired that in you, Bad. How the hell are you?
35) 5) dialog: That's about right, I reckon. Tommy, holding a fancy bottle of WATER, plops down in a c across from Bad. He rests his feet on another chair. His BOOTS are made of thin strips of leather, sewn together s they form a series of V's pointing down the toe. Tommy's jeans are adorned with holes and ages to perfecti and he wears a vintage Johnny Cash T-shirt. On his right he has a DIAMOND RING in the shape of TEXAS. Bad points t Tommy's bottle of SMART WATER.
35) 7) dialog: Still drink it onstage. It's good for the throat.
35) 11) dialog: Hell, I didn't like it either, but when you're one of Bad's boys, you got to be able to put away the whiskey. Tommy slaps Bad on the shoulder and looks at him with admiration.
36) 0) text: Tommy and Bad hover over a couple of porterhouse steaks. Patrons still stare at Tommy. A YOUNG GUY of about twenty shyly crosses over to their table with a pen and paper.
36) 2) dialog: (nods to Bad) His is the autograph you need. Bad Blake. Taught me everything I know. The young guy looks at Bad without a hint of recognition. looks at his plate. Tommy signs his signature and hands i over to Bad. Bad waves him off.
36) 4) dialog: Appreciate your support. The young guy strolls off, beaming.
36) 5) dialog: I was thinking about our tours together. Those were good times weren't they? Bad nods, takes a long drink and another bite of steak.
36) 6) dialog: It's good to see you again. I'm really glad you agreed to do this. (CONTINUED )
36) 12) text: Tommy laughs. He's really enjoying his time with Bad.
36) 13) dialog: Remember that time we broke down in the middle of west Texas? Sat there all goddamned day waiting on the wrecker. Must of been a hundred and ten out there. Bad nods and looks to Tommy's ring.
36) 15) dialog: You ever try to buy a diamond ring in the shape of Kansas? Bad laughs congenially as they ease back into their friendship.
37) 0) text: Tommy and Bad exit the restaurant and walk toward the par lot.
37) 2) dialog: A grind. Fifty dates in two months. How about yours?
37) 4) dialog: Pickup bands?
37) 6) dialog: That's a ball buster. Hell, we should have gotten together earlier. Done this whole tour.
37) 8) dialog: Just too many things going on. That damn movie shoot down in Mexico and Jill was on my ass all the time. It would have been a hell of a tour. (CONTINUED)
37) 12) dialog: Oh, come on, Bad. I'm sorry. It just didn't work out. I was trying to keep my marriage together. Don't hold that against me.
37) 14) dialog: I know. Bad and Tommy make their way to Tommy's shiny black ESCAL It's parked next to Bad's road weary Suburban. Tommy's DR exits the Escalade and opens Tommy's door. Tommy discreet waves him off. The driver moves to the back of the vehicl Tommy smiles and points to Bad's Suburban.
37) 15) dialog: Glad to see you still got old Bessie.
37) 17) dialog: You gave me my start, Bad. Don't think I don't remember that. You taught me most of what I know that's worth knowing. But I have a life to live, too. Tommy sits on his truck's hood. Resting a boot on the bum
37) 20) dialog: Hold up. I never said I wouldn't. C.M.I. doesn't think it's the right thing to do. (CONTINUED )
37) 24) dialog: You may be right, but they want a couple of more solos, then we can do a duet. You got first shot. I already told them.
37) 27) dialog: Even if I front the album, they won't release it. You won't make any money with it sitting in a vault.
37) 30) dialog: I swear I can't get them to budge on this one...But there is a way you can make money, though.
37) 32) dialog: Songs. I don't have any new material, and the stuff I'm hearing is crap. You give me five songs and I'll give you backend. I move two million albums every time I release one.
37) 34) dialog: Bullshit. You write some of the best material around, and I want some of it.
37) 36) dialog: I tell you what. You get me new songs, I guarantee we'll release one as a single.
37) 40) dialog: Do it, Bad. You've got a couple of months.
39) 11) dialog: Sometimes fallin' feels like flyin' For a little while Sometimes fallin' feels like flyin' For a little while At the next verse, Bad steps back and offers the stage to Tommy.
39) 12) dialog: I got tired of being good Started missing that old feeling free Stopped acting like I thought I should Went on back to being me Tommy gives Bad a grin and a nod, and Bad rejoins him at microphone. They harmonize the last chorus and bring the house down.
39) 13) dialog: Sometimes fallin' feels like flyin' For a little while Sometimes fallin' feels like flyin' For a little while Tommy points to Bad.
39) 14) dialog: This is the man who taught me to sing that and just about everything else. I guess he can still teach, huh? The crowd begins to cheer and Tommy steps back and waits, careful not to step on any of Bad's applause. Tommy walks offstage to a response that even catches Bad surprise. It's utterly overwhelming fandom.
40) 9) text: Tommy's band starts up with the intro to one of Tommy's h songs, “Gone, Gone, Gone." The sound is crisp: piano,horn strings. All tight and methodical. There's no introductio Bad hears the crowd go absolutely nuts. He moves to the s area. EXT. STAGE —- SAME 53 A Tommy, now dressed in a custom, western-rock shirt, and adorned in edgy jewelry, joins the band in "Gone, Gone, Gone." It's as smooth as a baby's butt. INT. SUN PAVILLION —- DRESSING ROOM - LATER 54 Bad has moved over to Tommy's dressing room. It's packed. finds Tommy over in the corner, changing his shirt.
40) 11) dialog: You're pissed because I cut in on your set.
40) 13) dialog: You were welcome in mine. I would have appreciated it.
40) 15) dialog: Why are you busting my ass, Bad? What the hell do you want from me?
40) 17) dialog: I told you, I can't do a thing about it. It's up to C.M.I.
40) 19) dialog: I'm trying to be friends here. Tomorrow's a rest day. Get off your high horse and stick around and have some fun. (CONTINUED )
40) 26) dialog: You too, Bad. I'll be in touch on the album. Bad starts to work his way through the jam of people. Peo slap him on the back and say, "Good show." Tommy's still behind, shirtless.
40) 27) dialog: Bad. Write me a couple of songs. Bad turns to Tommy.
40) 29) dialog: I might manage.
110) 3) text: A lone spotlight shines on TOMMY SWEET as he sits on stag strumming his guitar. His band has vacated their posts, leaving Tommy alone to perform an encore, THE WEARY KIND, his adoring fans.
110) 4) dialog: Your heart's on the loose You rolled them sevens with nothin' to lose...This ain't no place for the weary kind... As the audience roars their approval, we pull back to rev BAD BLAKE, off-stage left, standing next to his manager, GREENE. Bad wears neatly pressed slacks, shiny Lucchese cowboy bo and a crisp white shirt held together by a turquoise Bolo tie. His damp hair is swept back from his forehead. The t is he has never looked better.