5) 0) text: The bottle of J.D. is a quarter finished. Someone pounds the door. Bad opens the door to find a young man, TONY, w long hair and a wispy beard.
5) 1) dialog: Hi, I'm Tony. Bad blinks in incomprehension.
5) 2) dialog: Tony. Tony and the Renegades. Your band.
5) 4) dialog: Me and the boys are over at the alley, setting up. We were wondering what time to start rehearsing.
5) 6) dialog: What I mean is, what time are you coming to rehearsal? Bad sighs and leads Tony by the arm out to his van.
6) 4) dialog: Mr. Blake, it would mean a lot to us if you would come on over early. I mean, we need to get the leads down and all that.
6) 6) dialog: But, I thought you could show us some things, teach us some of that old stuff Bad's Boys used to do. Is it true you taught Tommy Sweet how to play guitar? Bad ignores the remark about Tommy.
8) 0) text: As Bad crosses to the stage carrying his guitar and tweed vintage FENDER amp, a rockabilly version of Bad's "I Don' Know," as played by the Renegades, swells up and staggers him. Tony and the Renegades stop as they see him approach though the drummer continues to pound for a few more beat (CONTINUED )
8) 4) dialog: Mr. Blake, these are the Renegades.
8) 9) dialog: I'm in tune. I got an electronic tuning meter.
9) 0) text: Guitar in hand and now wearing dark sunglasses, Bad cross to his amp and takes a seat. He begins a blues-tinted sol “Somebody Else" that causes Tony to throw a look to his b
9) 1) dialog: That ain't country. Bad looks up from his guitar. (CONTINUED )
9) 6) dialog: Do some of that Tommy Sweet stuff for us. Bad looks to Tony and then begrudgingly obliges.
9) 8) dialog: I'm not sure. I think Tommy plays it more like this. Tony begins the song again, throwing in double and triple pulls, trilling the high notes. The Renegades join in bombastically.
9) 9) dialog: I think that's more the sort of thing he does now. That's the way we like to play it.
11) 0) text: Bad struggles across the parking lot carrying his guitar one hand and his amp in the other. He's an aging man dres in his signature black boot-cut slacks, vest and white sh At the back door, Tony and the Renegades are lounging, cooling off between sets. They watch Bad lurch across the parking lot. No one offers help. Bad's wheezing hard. The air is sharp with marijuana as B watches a joint go from hand to hand.
11) 1) dialog: We were afraid you weren't going to show. The band members look at each other, smiling.
11) 7) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the Spare Room is proud to present country recording star 'The Wrangler of Love," Mr. Bad Blake. Bad steps forward to where the light is supposed to be on but misjudges. Only his guitar is in the light. He takes step into the light and swings into his jazzy melody, sim but quick and light, full of triplets that sound harder t play than they really are.
13) 0) text: Bad's outside in the back alley, on his knees, holding th rim of a garbage can. He's cold and shivering. He wipes h face with a handkerchief, then check's to see if he's kep his outfit clean. It's soaked with sweat. In the background, we hear Tony and his boys play their hearts out.
14) 0) text: Bad crosses to his amp and watches as Tony mightily overc a solo. He picks up his guitar, and just as Tony finishes a round of warm applause, Bad starts in on the same solo. musicianship is smoother, more efficient, and much more Masterly. Tony meekly steps back downstage as Bad finishe the guitar lesson. The crowd roars their approval . As the Renegades finish the jam, Bad unsteadily steps to microphone.
14) 5) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the star of the show. Let's hear it for the great Bad Blake. Large round of applause as Bad plays a quick riff and ste into the shadows.