7) 6) dialog: David -- it's goed to per you «= (he looks at Merrett? I always lik eing our rising young stare, if they’rze Plotting beadachea for my incumbent friends. They shake bande,
7) 9) dialog: (amiles) Seah, I know, Nene of ua aver do. Wa just allow chs party faithful to draze ws. You know gy A.A., BA3i Sesseye? David and Barrett ehake banda.
7) 10) dialog: (dent inuing) Sit dewn, David. Ee gete up from behind his deak.
7) 19) dialog: {comtiauing?: looks at David} Tid tike t= he alone wits Savid .- (he looks at Sarrekt} Sith the distinguished Mr. Cormiii, please. Bill Barrett gives David « leck, and then leay: Gavernor Edwardes ture away from David, strete LOCKS oUt @ window.
7) 24) dialog: (qeLecly) Thy scnofebites, Tha niverable, cockesucking senofa.c. Be ig still ioekirg out the wlodow, then turns to David.
7) 29) dialog: If you drac me foto this business... David -- if my nase avan show? up of the periphery of this,.. bavid -- (ae emiles) Yeu Satter get the fuck aug of the Stace Of California. Because you're gedeg te beve ee cuck of o future Kere ag Jerry Brown. Sips emila if gone mow -- he and Cavid look at wach ocher & long beat. Davio Whe’ s Jarry Beownt
7) 32) dialog: Wouldn’r i¢ be fust @ goddam au@ul shave. Davld -= 17 ens hedey Tittle pussy and a thizbleful of Oper -+ affected the futura of this great s oe?
7) 38) dialog: Anytime, David, I enjoy aiepeoring advice... t6 those who listen. David reaches for tha manila folder -+ Govarnat Edwards puts Ade bend on it.
7) 39) dialog: teastdoudag) You've got other copies, 2 presuze? A beat, and David code, Govertor Zéwards atl? bas Bis bands on the fils, (CowrINTED) 25.
23) 5) text: He walke in, etf11 loeking Tika een poleaxed, Sandy, hia secratesy, etops him ag ha heade Lots his inner office. siitoT She called three times, Fhe wants to meet you at Dooley’s at five o'elock. she seid it’s vary dnportest. she hanca David chree pink phout slips. Be looks at =. ahy0Y fcontinuisg) Governor Edwards would iike you ta call hig, (a best} And Matt Gavin called. Es loske up from bis phone elipa, looks at sandy like she isn’t there.
41) 3) text: Be starta walking towards Ehe Forsche. The car's motor faon, He goes to the window, Ze can't sea who ia feaide. Tha window comes dewn. Etll Barreatc. Governor Edwards’ administrative sexistant, site there. (CONTINUED)
41) 13) dialog: ar. Corelli. It's nice to eae rou,
41) 19) dialog: (grins) You’rs resily screwed up, you csow. Kyle never aven triad to shake se down. He knew we better. The fire time I sew those wistyces wee eben you drought chem co Be.
41) 21) dialog: tgrins) It Beate the shit out of ze.
41) 30) dialog: Well, gir -- you've gop gy endorssament. David leche at bin ++ it’s his turn ts smirk, EXT, THE GAYIN BOAT Dock - BELYROIRE He gets off the yacht, walkea down ths deck. Ha Fetriue sittiog on = ceck, locking at the water. walks up to ber. She dowan’t look ac him, <A long bear,