2) 2) text: The office is small, cheaply furnished. One wall is fille with neat rows of 8x10's of death row inmates. About 30 percent have red crosses over their faces. Five people wait in tense silence. A SKINNY COLLEGE GUY w a mullet and pinch of Skoal in his mouth looks at a compu screen. A co-ed cuddles a Styrofoam cup of coffee, sobs  quietly. A matronly woman sits quietly at a desk holding phone to one ear. The clock's minute hand changes from :11 to :12. CONSTANCE HARRAWAY (36), bookish, sits beside DAVID GALE  (31). He wears a blue Yale sweatshirt. They both stare at nothing. She bites her lip.
2) 10) text: He nods to her, exits. She walks to the photo wall. With a red magic marker she  marks a cross over the photo of a Hispanic male. The wall clock reads 6:13.
15) 2) text: Bitsey ignores her, takes a menu without comment. She goe and sits across from Zack; he's reading Dialogical Exhaus by David Gale.
21) 2) text: The visitation hall has the linoleum-and-fluorescent feel an empty school cafeteria. It is seamlessly intersected b curved wall of sheer glass. Across the hall a guard's boo is built into the concrete wall; the two guards inside lo like they are in a sound booth. Every fifteen feet, the glass has small sound holes. On t visitors' side, chairs (with lap desks) cluster at each  section. Just getting up from a chair in the hall's cente is a big man wearing an expensive suit and black cowboy b This is David's lawyer, BENJAMIN BELYEU (late 30's). On the prisoner's side of the glass, a row of ten chairs  trace the outline of its curve. Above each chair a microp hangs from the ceiling. The center chair is in a stainles steel cage. Inside sits David Gale.
30) 3) text: Greer leaves him at the sofa where an OLDER PROFESSOR (60 homemade t-shirt -- "Pre-Socratic" -- over his shirt and  tie) stands speaking with ROSS (late 40s, "Homosexualist" shirt).
30) 5) dialog: (has an Oxford accent) Hello, David.
30) 11) dialog: (under his breath) Hermeneutical bias: the only fun  truths are the ones someone's trying  to hide. (normal tone) Have a seat.
30) 13) dialog: Listen, Berlin's here -- and livid.  Probations suspended her. She received  the letter today, took the opportunity  to throw a fit in my office. You  should --
30) 20) text: An uncomfortable beat. She reaches over and takes Ross's  drink from his hand, drinks the rest, puts it back.
30) 25) dialog: (standing, escaping) I suppose I should get us another.  David?
30) 27) text: Ross walks to the bar. Berlin comes around and sits in hi seat. Her mid-drift T-shirt reads "Sex is Power."
30) 35) dialog: (slurring a bit) All right. (clears his throat) As the poets have mournfully sung,  Death takes the innocent young, The  screamingly funny, The rolling in  money, And those who are very well  hung.
30) 36) text: Laughter, a few animated moans. David raises his glass to Ross and downs a whiskey. Someone starts to chant: "Gale! Gale! Gale!"
30) 38) text: Laughter. Two women holding each other boo. Ross drinks.
30) 42) dialog: Do you bow to the Queen?
35) 0) text: Ross sits at the kitchen table, holding his throbbing hea against the POUNDING MUSIC. Greer sets a cup of coffee in front of him, sits across. A long beat. They seem like pa waiting out a teenager's party.
60) 0) text: The office is Philip Stark chic with large window walls - Austin stretches into the distance. David sits on a sofa  across from an exceedingly ATTRACTIVE WOMAN (early 40s).
70) 4) text: He sets her coffee in front of her. Then sits across from her.
72) 0) text: The Volvo is parked on a seedy Southside street. David st at a phone booth and dials a long-distance number and a  calling code. He waits, impatiently, looks across the str There's a liquor store.
79) 0) text: The guardhouse is now occupied. The crossing guard is dow Across the drive sits a Texas Highway Patrol car. All along the drive's left side, protest vehicles are par in the grass. They stretch out to the two-lane highway, w another Highway patrol car is stationed. The drive's right side is also marked off, though the onl vehicle on this side is a Houston TV news truck. Six peop in ponchos discuss something in the middle of the drive. The rental car ENTERS the FRAME.
80) 2) text: The guardhouse attendant looks in, waves them through as crossing guard lifts.
102) 0) text: The atmosphere is tense. Dusty Wright sits on a deskholdi a red Magic Marker, the matron sits behind it. They look at the college guy, who closely watches a compu screen. In the center of the room, a middle-aged priest sits and  quietly prays while holding the hands of an overweight wo she murmurs quiet affirmations. Finally, the college guy looks up at Dusty, nods. The roo occupants all exchange glances. Dusty walks to the photo wall, marks a cross through the  photo of Jo Ann Johnson, then walks to the back office.
153) 0) text: The rental car slides to a near stop on the interstate  shoulder. Zack jumps out, as Bitsey spins away again. He  runs across the frontage road toward the motel in the mis