57) 0) text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing  smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engin hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work  feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled  wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation  investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted  remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators. Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.  marshals emerge: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a bric shithouse. RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds  fully-equipped. POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during nut-cuttin' time. NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5. From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media  spectacle.
57) 3) dialog: Point of impact. ... and branches off.
57) 5) dialog: Shit. (to Newman)
57) 33) text: Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to mop up for us. He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out. Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble' manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud. Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile t a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.
76) 17) dialog: DeLange Hospital. Wounded guard  swears to High Holy he saw Kimble  right there in the hallway.  Ambulance, missing too.
76) 20) dialog: O-nine-thirty. Twenty minutes ago. Gerard redraws the circle of units. No longer are we  covering a fifty-mile radius. The circle is redrawn,  tightened, with the hospital as its center. The  triangulation is set.
85) 0) text: Trooper pulls up. Biggs and Newman behind Kimble blocking the other end. Troopers with guns drawn block the exits. The P.A. from a State patrol car blares:
86) 0) text: Weapons drawn, but held discreetly at their sides, three  silhouettes enter. Drivers who hadn't heeded the Troopers P.A. warnings take one look at Gerard and quickly climb  back inside and lock their doors. Biggs, Renfro and Poole fan out to the sides and give the middle to Gerard. The tunnel is quickly quiet. Kimble huddles at mid-tunnel. He's trapped. Drops to the  ground beneath the truck. His heart pounding, brain  clicking, fighting panic. Suddenly he realizes he's in wa Running water.
87) 0) text: Kimble splashes blindly through ankle-deep sluice. He slo at forking tunnels to catch his breath and pick a directi A DULL ROAR comes from somewhere - from everywhere. He wh off his jacket and slings it down a tunnel, then continue straight ahead. Somewhere behind, lights probe splash-patterns on the con wall - telltale signs of Kimble's passing. The lights bel to... Gerard, Biggs and Renfro. They push on, soon reaching the forking tunnels. Renfro finds the jacket ant splash signs
89) 0) text: Biggs and Renfro. Sweeping his light as he advances.  Searching for splash-patterns.
89) 1) dialog: (into shoulder-mike)
91) 3) dialog: Gerard? You there? Gerard looks for his radio, then back at Kimble - he's go Instantly Gerard reaches for his ankle - and pulls a back piece.
92) 1) text: Gerard charges down the tunnel. From a side tunnel, Renfr appears, almost colliding. Biggs follows...
94) 0) text: Biggs moving to the top of the massive dam sees Kimble le into the sheet of water spilling over dam and disappear i the mists below. He can't believe his eyes.
96) 0) text: Gerard scrambles out of the tunnels to the top of the dam near Biggs, just as squad cars, troopers and the search  helicopter converge on the site.
110) 0) text: A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Ju early morning traffic. We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the  street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We se that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeles woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a  radio.
110) 5) dialog: In the plumbing truck. He triggers his mike.
110) 9) text: Okay... I'll take front. Biggs and  Renfro, rear. Poole, handle support.  I don't want anyone hurt. Stay  outside unless called. Radios on  three. The deputies prepare their weapons. Newman checks his  service issue .38, stares at Gerard's Glock.
120) 10) dialog: Trains? Traffic?
124) 0) text: Renfro and Biggs check shelters for Kimble. They show his I.D. to administrator. Look around.
131) 0) text: Dr. Roberts from the party, talks to Biggs and Gerard as takes off scrubs to get into shower.
140) 1) dialog: What about the man he claimed  attacked his wife? Kimble pulls the notice from the board as we -
181) 0) text: Gerard and his deputies inside the Prosthetic Clinic. Artificial limbs are being tested, fitted. A technician  fits a demonstration model on Biggs while Gerard and Pool work with the director of the institute and a data operat at the computer.
190) 0) text: Gerard and Biggs cross the lobby and stop in front of the desk; flash their U.S. Marshal's ID.
190) 4) dialog: It's hinky. Man risks everything to  find a man his own investigators  say doesn't exist. Something's really  hinky about this thing. Gerard looks at Biggs as they reach the elevators.
193) 0) text: Biggs and Gerard wait for the elevator. Finally Gerard's  had enough.
193) 2) dialog: It's five flights!
197) 0) text: Kimble closing in on the door when suddenly a KLAXON HORN sounds. People stop in confusion. Automatically, the exit doors  begin closing. Biggs pushes his way off the elevator.  Kimble breaks into a sprint for the door.
219) 8) dialog: (on radio)
220) 0) text: Fredrick Sykes, the one-armed man, comes down the side  walk. He passes a car and hears the door open behind him. Biggs climbs out of the car and falls into step behind hi Sykes hears the footsteps but moves on up the stoop and  starts to enter his apartment, notices the front door  already open. Cops and Marshals in his house. Processing a crime scene.
222) 0) text: Gerard crosses the street with Renfro and Biggs.
229) 4) dialog: I'd hire a pro. Sight unseen.
229) 9) dialog: Like a pharmaceutical company.  Someone in security.
229) 11) dialog: But Sykes claims he was out of town.
229) 15) dialog: ... tried, convicted...
229) 20) dialog: So what does Kimble do next?
242) 0) text: Newman and Biggs enter the hospital.
246) 0) text: Newman and Biggs move down the empty hallway... this long shot has never felt longer. They find the morgue.
246) 1) dialog: Just what I want to do before  dinner.
247) 3) dialog: We're United States Marshals. We're  trying to find out some information  about a pathologist, named Lentz. He  used to be on staff here. Roosevelt suddenly goes on the defensive.
247) 10) dialog: I think you're lying to us. Roosevelt looks from one marshal to the other as we:
251) 0) text: Newman on portable phone. Behind him Biggs questions Mr.  Roosevelt.
267) 4) text: Poole, get Biggs and Newman. They're gone as we -
275) 0) text: Gerard's car pulls up in front of the hotel. Police are  controlling pedestrians. Newman and Biggs, already decked out in Kevlar, meet him.
275) 3) dialog: Conflicting reports, but the cops  are considering him a shooter. Heavily-armed CPD units pull up. Gerard stares at the pol presence. He starts toward the hotel where Kelly is  conferring with Kevlar-decked police captain.
278) 0) text: Gerard, Renfro, Newman, Biggs and Poole move into the lob Police move to cover the lower floors.
278) 1) dialog: C.P.D. has the perimeter, hotel  security has the parking structure.
283) 0) text: Gerard and deputies Poole, Biggs, and Renfro around him.
283) 1) dialog: (to radio)
283) 2) text: Keep and eye on him. Biggs has roof plans.
283) 3) dialog: There are four exits to the roof.
309) 0) text: Kimble, in handcuffs, is escorted by Biggs, Newman, Poole and Gerard, out of the hotel into the waiting chaos.  Renfro, his head bandaged, is helped by paramedics.
310) 3) text: Get them back. The marshals ant cops clear a line for Kimble to get into a waiting car away from the media. Biggs opens the back  door and helps Kimble inside.
310) 4) dialog: Watch your head, Dr. Kimble. Newman climbs in behind the wheel. Gerard in the back nex to Kimble. He leans out the window and motions to Poole.