47) 2) text: You. You're a doctor. C'mere. He slides to the Young Guard as the Old Guard scrounges u medical kit, shoves Kimble down on Young Guard.
64) 0) text: A door opens on a long hallway. A DOCTOR, CHILD with a  bandaged hand, and a MOTHER leave a room and walk TOWARD Behind them, Kimble moves down the hall and stops in fron of the doorway.
65) 0) text: Kimble closes the door and locks it. Hanging on the back the door we see a doctor's white coat.
74) 0) text: Kimble, clean-shaven, and wearing the patient's glasses a a doctor's white coat, moves down the hall to the emergen room exit. Suddenly the State Trooper steps back from the E.R. admissions desk with his newly received fax, and sta down the corridor toward Kimble. The Trooper looks up as the two men pass...
129) 0) text: Busy with doctors, orderlies and street people. Kimble mo down hallway and enters.
148) 0) text: Kimble mopping the trauma room hallway. The hallway elbow around a corner and Kimble stands less than ten feet from a door that is marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC" He watches a technician leave the clinic and mops closer the doorway, and fails to see an attractive WOMAN DOCTOR  with white coat and stethoscope draped around her neck tu the corner behind him ant step on the freshly mopped  section. Head down, she is completely absorbed in a file and doesn see the wet floor until she slips slightly, looks up but  keeps walking.
148) 1) dialog: Where's Rudy?
148) 3) dialog: Didn't they tell you to put up the  sign?
148) 5) dialog: Put up the 'wet floor' sign before  someone gets hurt. She keeps going.
148) 8) dialog: What did you say?
161) 0) text: Kimble moves toward prosthetic clinic. In passing through the trauma hallway he becomes aware of a crisis developin A major accident has happened, victims are being brought The P.A. CALLS for doctors. STATIC.
253) 0) text: A cordial HOST steps up to the microphone. The room is  filled with doctors seated at tables around the room. It the end of a dinner symposium.
285) 0) text: Gerard and the marshals reach the ballroom floor. The  elevator doors open to a flood of confused and disoriente doctors trying to escape. The marshals wade through, meet up with two hotel security guards.
287) 0) text: Gerard and his deputies work their way into the ballroom. The deputies move to separate areas. Several doctors poin them in the direction Kimble and Nichols fled.
290) 0) text: Gerard moves down connecting hallway where a couple of  concerned doctors are trying to open the door to the  hospitality suite.
308) 0) text: Chicago Police hold back crowds of onlookers on Michigan  Avenue. Police cars and vans, television news trucks vie  for space in front of the Hilton Towers. Dr. Charles Nichols, on a stretcher, loaded into an  ambulance. The doors close. REPORTERS and television cameramen line the sidewalk  giving reports and interviewing doctors from the ballroom We PICK UP pieces of their reports as we MOVE PAST them  TOWARD the entrance.
308) 3) dialog: He just walked in... We didn't know  what he was going to do. My wife  was very frightened... The next  thing I knew cops were charging in  and...