3) 0) text: THROUGH arriving guests we PICK UP the Man climbing stair to the ballroom.
3) 34) text: See you, Jim. Lentz moves on. Kimble looks after him a beat, then focus on relocating the Woman he just saw. She's gone. He and  Nichols move together through the party.
25) 1) dialog: We're all adults here so I'll lay it out...
26) 1) dialog: ... If you two come up with a deal,  I'll listen, but let me make one  thing perfectly clear.
28) 1) dialog: ... It's an election year...
29) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES THROUGH smoke-fillet room to find tough FEMA PROSECUTOR, a man in late forties, WALTER GUTHERIE, and S ON the source of the voice we've been hearing and the cig JUDGE BENNETT, late fifties. Fair but, no nonsense, polit survivor.
35) 0) text: Richard Kimble sits behind the desk, but already he's a  shadow of the man we knew before, stares ahead passively Judge Bennett delivers the sentencing to hushed courtroom
43) 0) text: Young Guard wrestles gun from Prisoner #2 and FIRES, kill prisoner #2. Copeland grapples with wounded Young Guard. Old Guard shotgun-butts Prisoner #1, flips the gun, PUMPS ONE ROUND into the man's chest. Dead. He turns just as...
53) 0) text: Train light grows. A nanosecond of uncertainty: Should  Kimble leave the wounded man? Kimble and the Young Guard  hold a look.
55) 0) text: Kimble struggles out of the bus - pulling the Young Guard behind him. He slings the man clear. SCREECHING death, the TRAIN SKIDS closer. For one heartbeat, Kimble remains perched atop the bus. The train light X-rays him. Kimble leaps. Lands. Rolls. Gains his feet. Tries to spri away but can't: His feet are still chained. He gets off a dozen mincing steps before... IMPACT: A hundred tons of STEEL SLAMS into the bus,  splitting it open. Shrapnel rips through Kimble's thigh, but he stays on his feet, still running feverish half-steps. An EXPLOSION envelops the train. Flames stream down its  flanks. The train burns past the wounded Guard. Kimble looks back, expecting to see the catastrophe behin him. But he gets the shock of his life - of any man's lif Still on its wheels, the locomotive is derailing - and co after him. It's the stuff of nightmares: One little man b chased by a fire-breathing locomotive. The train burrows to a stop. Kimble is suddenly five feet taller, standing on an uphea of earth, staring eyeball-to-eyeball with the train that  nearly devoured him. He pants. Coughs on smoke. Then noti something in his hand. It's the key-ring.
56) 0) text: Kimble sits and searches the key-ring for manacle key.  Suddenly a hand reaches down and snatches the key-ring aw
57) 0) text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing  smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engin hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work  feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled  wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation  investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted  remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators. Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.  marshals emerge: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a bric shithouse. RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds  fully-equipped. POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during nut-cuttin' time. NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5. From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media  spectacle.
57) 33) text: Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to mop up for us. He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out. Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble' manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud. Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile t a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.
62) 4) text: Renfro, get an I.D. fax on Kimble to  every local hospital. (to Newman)
62) 5) text: Newman... Newman appears.
69) 0) text: A man, tube in nose, on two I.V.s, lays in bed with eyes  closed. Kimble comes INTO FRAME near his face.
71) 0) text: Kimble dressing in the man's clothes. He eats a piece of  toast - part of the man's breakfast - as he buttons up hi shirt.
85) 0) text: Trooper pulls up. Biggs and Newman behind Kimble blocking the other end. Troopers with guns drawn block the exits. The P.A. from a State patrol car blares:
110) 0) text: A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Ju early morning traffic. We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the  street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We se that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeles woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a  radio.
110) 3) text: Where's the woman?
110) 9) text: Okay... I'll take front. Biggs and  Renfro, rear. Poole, handle support.  I don't want anyone hurt. Stay  outside unless called. Radios on  three. The deputies prepare their weapons. Newman checks his  service issue .38, stares at Gerard's Glock.
112) 0) text: Textbook perfect, Gerard and Newman rush into front room.
112) 1) text: Down the hall a man's figure streaks across a doorway OUT OF VIEW. A woman in the rear of the house BEGINS SCREAMING.
112) 15) text: You hear me? I said, I want out or  I'll cut your man's throat!
113) 0) text: As coroners and tactical police mop up. Gerard moves acro the yard, sips coffee from Styrofoam cup. He stops at a  sheriff's car, Newman sits on back seat, shaken, nearly  hysterical, clutching his ear.
119) 0) text: As he pulls up to the first stoplight, a homeless man mov toward the driver's side and begins washing his windshiel Nichols waves the man off.
122) 0) text: Newman and Poole check train station. Looking for Kimble. They show his photo to homeless people. No help.
128) 0) text: NURSE FLYNN, a woman about 45, attractive, smart, loyal. Poole and Gerard talk to her in an examination room.
130) 0) text: He moves into the room and takes a new patient form, look around. SEE BACK INTO the office area of the clinic. It  could be any hospital clinic from this view. But as Kimble turns to leave we see a PATIENT waiting to called. On his lap we see a prosthetic arm. Kimble looks from the arm to the man.
137) 0) text: A SALESMAN stands on ladder looking through pants sizes.
143) 0) text: A light comes on and an OLD POLISH WOMAN, her stockings  rolled down her shins, leads the way down the basement  stairs. The Punk Kid stands at the top of the stairs,  watches Kimble.
147) 0) text: Gerard and his deputies leave Nichols' outer office.  Gerard clearly feels he's come to the right man.
148) 0) text: Kimble mopping the trauma room hallway. The hallway elbow around a corner and Kimble stands less than ten feet from a door that is marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC" He watches a technician leave the clinic and mops closer the doorway, and fails to see an attractive WOMAN DOCTOR  with white coat and stethoscope draped around her neck tu the corner behind him ant step on the freshly mopped  section. Head down, she is completely absorbed in a file and doesn see the wet floor until she slips slightly, looks up but  keeps walking.
149) 0) text: Kimble enters the dimly lit prosthetics lab. He moves silently among the casts and prosthetics of arms hands, legs hanging from the ceiling. Cables and electron equipment are on the counters. He leaves the lab and moves into the office section of th Prosthetic Clinic. He passes a computer room and finally  reaches the office. He is about to enter when a woman's  voice stops him.
151) 0) text: Kimble cleaning the blinds, keeps an eye on the Technicia who is listening to music on her Walkman. She is carefull painting a section of the arm. Not watching Kimble.
155) 0) text: Afternoon light comes in Kimble's basement windows. Sheet of Prosthetic Clinic patient material are spread over  Kimble's bed, floor. Kimble searches through the document making notes. He studies photos of attachments. Cable  attachments. Joints. Electronics. Pins. straps... looking for a key to the identity of the one-armed man. Finally he stops. He finds the flyer in his pocket, puts on the bedside table and moves to sink. He wets a towel a covers his face. Draws a cool damp breath. Lays back on bed amid the  Prosthetic Clinic material.
158) 5) text: Cops put the young man into an unmarked police car. His  grandmother, the Polish woman, follows them, crying.
179) 10) dialog: Can I help you find something?
203) 0) text: The PHONE RINGS nine, ten times. As Kimble waits he looks down at his list of five. The only name remaining is  Fredrick Sykes. He looks down the street - it seems clear - then his focu shifts to a man carrying two coffees. He approaches a car parked along the curb. The passenger - a woman - leans  across the seat and opens the door for him. He hands her a cup of coffee and as he starts to climb in he shifts something on his hip - we see the butt of a  handgun. Kimble hangs up and leaves through the back door.
206) 0) text: Kimble struggles to recall the man's face. It could be hi
212) 9) text: He's in Pullman area... Fifteen  seconds for location.
220) 0) text: Fredrick Sykes, the one-armed man, comes down the side  walk. He passes a car and hears the door open behind him. Biggs climbs out of the car and falls into step behind hi Sykes hears the footsteps but moves on up the stoop and  starts to enter his apartment, notices the front door  already open. Cops and Marshals in his house. Processing a crime scene.
238) 0) text: Newman studies the photograph of Lentz and Sykes under a  magnifying glass.
242) 0) text: Newman and Biggs enter the hospital.
244) 0) text: Newman shows the photo to a 40s clerk, BETTY. She looks a the photo.
246) 0) text: Newman and Biggs move down the empty hallway... this long shot has never felt longer. They find the morgue.
251) 0) text: Newman on portable phone. Behind him Biggs questions Mr.  Roosevelt.
258) 0) text: Sits in the front car. There are very few other riders. A man with newspaper sits across the car reading. The  headlines facing Kimble say: "KIMBLE IN CHICAGO". Kimble' booking photo stares back at him. Kimble reacts to the headline, looks away as the man turn the pages. The man looks over the newspaper at Kimble, then goes bac to reading. A moment later he folds the paper back to the front page. The man looks up from the paper and looks at Kimble again then down. Coolly the man folds the paper, tucks it under his arm,  stands, looks through the car, then moves into one of the rear cars. Kimble looks out the window - hoping desperately for his  car to reach the station. He keeps his head turned until  the man is gone.
259) 0) text: Transit Cop moves past the man with the newspaper toward  Kimble's car.
267) 4) text: Poole, get Biggs and Newman. They're gone as we -
275) 0) text: Gerard's car pulls up in front of the hotel. Police are  controlling pedestrians. Newman and Biggs, already decked out in Kevlar, meet him.
276) 0) text: Kimble exits the elevators and moves down the corridor to the ballroom. A man tries to stop him at the doors, Kimbl simply moves him out of the way and opens the doors to:
278) 0) text: Gerard, Renfro, Newman, Biggs and Poole move into the lob Police move to cover the lower floors.
282) 0) text: A room lined with security monitors. Two security personn sit in front of their console. Newman stands behind them. On screen: We see Kimble moving down the stairs toward  Nichols, who pulls himself to his feet. Newman stands in front of the screen, talks to his radio.
288) 0) text: Newman stands in front the security monitors and watches  Kimble and Nichols on the roof.
291) 0) text: Newman watching the security monitors sees Kimble and  Nichols. On another monitor we see Gerard exit the suite.
307) 0) text: He moves to end of washers, using the machines as cover. He sees the shadow again takes a pole leaning against the dryer as a weapon, turns the corner and is about to belt  him when he realizes it's not Nichols, but a laundry work Kimble moves away from the terrified man, when he hears a voice from the other end of the laundry.
309) 0) text: Kimble, in handcuffs, is escorted by Biggs, Newman, Poole and Gerard, out of the hotel into the waiting chaos.  Renfro, his head bandaged, is helped by paramedics.