57) 0) text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing  smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engin hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work  feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled  wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation  investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted  remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators. Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.  marshals emerge: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a bric shithouse. RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds  fully-equipped. POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during nut-cuttin' time. NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5. From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media  spectacle.
57) 33) text: Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to mop up for us. He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out. Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble' manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud. Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile t a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.
62) 4) text: Renfro, get an I.D. fax on Kimble to  every local hospital. (to Newman)
62) 5) text: Newman... Newman appears.
62) 6) dialog: Yes, sir...
85) 0) text: Trooper pulls up. Biggs and Newman behind Kimble blocking the other end. Troopers with guns drawn block the exits. The P.A. from a State patrol car blares:
110) 0) text: A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Ju early morning traffic. We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the  street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We se that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeles woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a  radio.
110) 9) text: Okay... I'll take front. Biggs and  Renfro, rear. Poole, handle support.  I don't want anyone hurt. Stay  outside unless called. Radios on  three. The deputies prepare their weapons. Newman checks his  service issue .38, stares at Gerard's Glock.
110) 10) dialog: Uh, just want me to wait here, sir?
112) 0) text: Textbook perfect, Gerard and Newman rush into front room.
113) 0) text: As coroners and tactical police mop up. Gerard moves acro the yard, sips coffee from Styrofoam cup. He stops at a  sheriff's car, Newman sits on back seat, shaken, nearly  hysterical, clutching his ear.
113) 1) dialog: My ear... I can't hear a thing out  of it. I can't believe you did that!
113) 3) dialog: Yes. You could've missed! You  could've killed me!
113) 6) dialog: Terrible. I probably have permanent  hearing damage.
122) 0) text: Newman and Poole check train station. Looking for Kimble. They show his photo to homeless people. No help.
229) 10) dialog: On the night of his wife's murder,  Kimble attended a hospital benefit  sponsored by Devlin-Macgregor  Pharmaceutical - Sykes' company. Gerard places a Devlin-Macgregor card onto his board.
229) 14) dialog: Instead of looking like a robbery  gone bad, Kimble ends up being the  one accused...
229) 18) dialog: Why? To share the blame? He'd still  go to prison. Gerard moves to the board. He takes down a card.
229) 24) dialog: (deadpan)
238) 0) text: Newman studies the photograph of Lentz and Sykes under a  magnifying glass.
242) 0) text: Newman and Biggs enter the hospital.
244) 0) text: Newman shows the photo to a 40s clerk, BETTY. She looks a the photo.
244) 2) dialog: Anybody down in pathology who might  know something about the guy? Betty looks at the clock, it's after 6 p.m. Dicey.
246) 0) text: Newman and Biggs move down the empty hallway... this long shot has never felt longer. They find the morgue.
247) 1) dialog: Are you Mr. Roosevelt?
247) 5) dialog: Yeah, we heard. We wanted to know if  he knew or had any contact with Dr.  Richard Kimble? On the mention of Kimble, Roosevelt becomes visibly nervo
247) 7) dialog: (a probe)
251) 0) text: Newman on portable phone. Behind him Biggs questions Mr.  Roosevelt.
251) 1) dialog: The old guy didn't know where he was  going. But he picked up some tissue  samples.
251) 3) dialog: ... From a drug study. And signed  for by Dr. Charles Nichols. Renfro and Gerard exchange a look.
251) 4) dialog: Nichols also knew Lentz. He was a  pathologist.
267) 4) text: Poole, get Biggs and Newman. They're gone as we -
275) 0) text: Gerard's car pulls up in front of the hotel. Police are  controlling pedestrians. Newman and Biggs, already decked out in Kevlar, meet him.
275) 1) dialog: C.P.D. just reported -
278) 0) text: Gerard, Renfro, Newman, Biggs and Poole move into the lob Police move to cover the lower floors.
282) 0) text: A room lined with security monitors. Two security personn sit in front of their console. Newman stands behind them. On screen: We see Kimble moving down the stairs toward  Nichols, who pulls himself to his feet. Newman stands in front of the screen, talks to his radio.
282) 1) dialog: (to radio)
288) 0) text: Newman stands in front the security monitors and watches  Kimble and Nichols on the roof.
291) 0) text: Newman watching the security monitors sees Kimble and  Nichols. On another monitor we see Gerard exit the suite.
305) 5) dialog: (to radio)
309) 0) text: Kimble, in handcuffs, is escorted by Biggs, Newman, Poole and Gerard, out of the hotel into the waiting chaos.  Renfro, his head bandaged, is helped by paramedics.