39) 0) text: The four prisoners sit scattered, still cuffed but no lon chained together. Near the front, PRISONER #1 is eyeing.. The two prison guards seated beyond the caged door. YOUNG GUARD lighting a smoke. OLD GUARD drowsing. Shotguns  bouncing on their knees. Prisoner #l shifts his gaze to.. The driver. Pistol on his hip.
43) 0) text: Young Guard wrestles gun from Prisoner #2 and FIRES, kill prisoner #2. Copeland grapples with wounded Young Guard. Old Guard shotgun-butts Prisoner #1, flips the gun, PUMPS ONE ROUND into the man's chest. Dead. He turns just as...
45) 0) text: Old Guard reloads. Copeland drops down behind a seat. Old Guard jams his SHOTGUN under the seat. But just as th Old Guard pulls the trigger the bus jerks. The SHOT goes  off target as...
47) 0) text: ENGINE DIES. Dusty silence. We don't know up from down. On his knees, Old Guard makes his way to the driver. Find him dead. Now a SOUND. Old Guard whips his shotgun around at... Kimble. Rising between the seats. A hairy beat. Old Guard might kill him just to finish thi off. But a GROAN turns Old Guard's head. Young Guard, trying to hold his guts in. Old Guart turns find Kimble.
47) 1) dialog: (to Kimble)
47) 2) text: You. You're a doctor. C'mere. He slides to the Young Guard as the Old Guard scrounges u medical kit, shoves Kimble down on Young Guard.
47) 3) dialog: Do something. Kimble looks at his cuffs. "In these?" Old Guard digs out his key ring and unlocks Kimble's hands - only his hands. Kimble opens medical kit. It's been ransacked - just  Band-Aids now. Kimble looks into the wound.
47) 5) dialog: 
47) 10) dialog: Oh, shit...
49) 0) text: Kimble sees: Old Guard fights the cage door. Kimble lunge to his side.
51) 0) text: Kimble spots keys. Pitches them to Old Guard. Drags Young Guard to the front for a quick exit. But Old Guard fumble the key-ring, his hands shaking as much as the bus. The train light spider-webs across cracked windows. Kimbl snatches the keys away from the Guard's trembling hands.
57) 9) dialog: Seated near a tree. A space blanket draped over his  shoulders. He is surrounded by EMT personnel, and a YOUNG SHERIFF, clearly basking in the event. Television remote  news crews are kept only slight back. Gerard appears in t b.g., listening.
57) 10) dialog: ... train was bearin' down on us,  fast. I don't know how - it's still  kind of hazy - but I grabbed him and pushed him out of the bus.
57) 12) dialog: I know, but hell, he's my partner. Woulda done the same for me. The young Sheriff in charge nods, buying the story. Gerar eases forward, displays his badge, interrupts.
57) 18) dialog: Well, everything happened so fast... (bites lip, decides)
57) 33) text: Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to mop up for us. He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out. Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble' manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud. Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile t a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.
57) 37) dialog: Uh, me.
57) 40) dialog: (cracking)