57) 0) text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing  smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engin hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work  feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled  wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation  investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted  remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators. Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.  marshals emerge: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a bric shithouse. RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds  fully-equipped. POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during nut-cuttin' time. NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5. From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media  spectacle.
57) 6) text: Come on. They drop down to the crash site. Poole ant Renfro remain with Gerard. A state TROOPER steps into their path, but falls away whe sees Gerard's Marshall star.
62) 0) text: A crude headquarters is set up beneath a tent, near the  crash site. Maps are laid out on tables. Power and phone  lines are pulled down from the lines running along the  tracks. Renfro supervises the electronics. Poole handles phones, takes a report from the field and  relays it to Gerard.
62) 1) dialog: Blood trail found. Two miles  southwest.
76) 1) dialog: Background just came in from  Chicago.
76) 7) dialog: Nothing. Total cherry.
76) 10) dialog: One child. A son. Died in drowning  accident three years ago.
76) 12) dialog: Lot of friends. Doctors. Hospital  staff. Gerard zips up.
80) 0) text: Poole hangs up phone.
80) 1) dialog: Ambulance just spotted two miles  west of Doverville. Heading north  on State road 53. Renfro turns to the map and marks it. The circle is much  smaller.
84) 8) text: Gerard steps out followed by Renfro and Poole.
86) 0) text: Weapons drawn, but held discreetly at their sides, three  silhouettes enter. Drivers who hadn't heeded the Troopers P.A. warnings take one look at Gerard and quickly climb  back inside and lock their doors. Biggs, Renfro and Poole fan out to the sides and give the middle to Gerard. The tunnel is quickly quiet. Kimble huddles at mid-tunnel. He's trapped. Drops to the  ground beneath the truck. His heart pounding, brain  clicking, fighting panic. Suddenly he realizes he's in wa Running water.
86) 2) dialog: Where'd he go? Gerard spots the trickle of water. He backtracks it until he finds a loose grate in the pavement. Man-size.
110) 0) text: A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Ju early morning traffic. We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the  street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We se that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeles woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a  radio.
110) 9) text: Okay... I'll take front. Biggs and  Renfro, rear. Poole, handle support.  I don't want anyone hurt. Stay  outside unless called. Radios on  three. The deputies prepare their weapons. Newman checks his  service issue .38, stares at Gerard's Glock.
120) 1) dialog: We've alerted St. Louis P.D
120) 3) dialog: What?
122) 0) text: Newman and Poole check train station. Looking for Kimble. They show his photo to homeless people. No help.
128) 0) text: NURSE FLYNN, a woman about 45, attractive, smart, loyal. Poole and Gerard talk to her in an examination room.
181) 2) dialog: Right. The operator enters that information. Dropping the number 250... as Poole continues.
181) 3) dialog: ... age 35-45...
183) 0) text: Poole looks up from her file to the computer screen. The  number drops to 117...
183) 2) dialog: (from the report)
219) 1) dialog: Name is Fredrick Sykes. 45. Ex cop . A hand comes INTO FRAME ant replaces the receiver on the  cradle. We WIDEN to find: Gerard. We see technicians  dusting room for prints. A FORENSIC TECH approaches Gerar
229) 2) dialog: To throw us off his trail.
229) 5) dialog: Set it up to look like a robbery  gone bad.
229) 8) dialog: Maybe through a company you did some  business with.
229) 12) dialog: And company records support that he  was on a business trip.
229) 16) dialog: ... and the hit man gets away clean.
249) 0) text: Gerard at his board. The cards form a triangle: Sykes  Devlin-Macgregor - Lentz with Kimble at the apex. He star at the board. Poole comes to the door.
249) 1) dialog: It's Newman. Line two.
257) 9) text: Poole! Bring me Kimble's arrest  report, now. (to Stevens)
257) 10) text: No, Stevens... I believe you. Poole enters with Kimble's arrest transcript. Gerard take the transcript as Renfro appears at the door.
257) 11) dialog: Sam, C.P.D. just checked Sykes'  apartment. He's not there. As Gerard looks up, we -
267) 4) text: Poole, get Biggs and Newman. They're gone as we -
278) 0) text: Gerard, Renfro, Newman, Biggs and Poole move into the lob Police move to cover the lower floors.
283) 0) text: Gerard and deputies Poole, Biggs, and Renfro around him.
309) 0) text: Kimble, in handcuffs, is escorted by Biggs, Newman, Poole and Gerard, out of the hotel into the waiting chaos.  Renfro, his head bandaged, is helped by paramedics.
310) 6) text: Poole, you got that thing? (to Kimble)
310) 7) text: Give me your hands. Kimble pauses, then holds up his wrists and Gerard unlock Kimble's handcuffs. Poole hands an ice-pack over the seat. Gerard places the  pack on Kimble' 9 bruised and battered hands.