33) 0) text: On the other side of the door is the courtroom. A sheriff deputy hands Kimble (now wearing his suit), a small plast bag. In it we see his wedding band.
57) 0) text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing  smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engin hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work  feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled  wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation  investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted  remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators. Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.  marshals emerge: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a bric shithouse. RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds  fully-equipped. POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during nut-cuttin' time. NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5. From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media  spectacle.
57) 11) dialog: You coulda both been killed.
57) 14) dialog: (annoyed)
57) 15) text: I'll be with you in a minute. The television lights widen to illuminate Gerard. He shie his eyes. The Sheriff opens a file and produces fax-photo of all four prisoners.
57) 16) dialog: (to Old Guard)
57) 19) text: Huh-uh. Don't think he made it. Sheriff eyes the wreckage that could entomb a hundred  prisoners, then files Kimble's fax-photo with the others.
57) 20) dialog: You get some rest. He pats the Guard on the shoulder and approaches Gerard.
57) 21) dialog: Looks like you came a long way for  nothing. My men've already done a  thorough search from point of  impact and found nothing.
57) 26) dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa... For what?  Prisoners are all dead. The only  thing check-points will do is get a  lot of good people out here frantic  and flood my office with calls. Gerard finally touches eyeballs with the young Sheriff an we get our first taste of Gerard at close range.
57) 28) text: Well, shit, Sheriff, I'd hate for  that to happen... So, I'll be  taking over the investigation.
57) 29) dialog: On whose authority?
57) 31) dialog: (back-down beat)
57) 33) text: Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to mop up for us. He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out. Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble' manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud. Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile t a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.
57) 43) dialog: What the hell is this? A minute ago  you tell me he's part of the  wreckage, now you're -
113) 0) text: As coroners and tactical police mop up. Gerard moves acro the yard, sips coffee from Styrofoam cup. He stops at a  sheriff's car, Newman sits on back seat, shaken, nearly  hysterical, clutching his ear.