203) 0) text: The PHONE RINGS nine, ten times. As Kimble waits he looks down at his list of five. The only name remaining is  Fredrick Sykes. He looks down the street - it seems clear - then his focu shifts to a man carrying two coffees. He approaches a car parked along the curb. The passenger - a woman - leans  across the seat and opens the door for him. He hands her a cup of coffee and as he starts to climb in he shifts something on his hip - we see the butt of a  handgun. Kimble hangs up and leaves through the back door.
204) 0) text: Kimble moves across the roof and drops to fire escape beh Sykes' apartment. He looks in the window, steps back to s if anyone is looking, then pulls his fist back into his  sleeve and with one swift pop, BREAKS the GLASS.
207) 0) text: Kimble searching for clues to Sykes' identity. He opens  closets, wardrobe, bureau... reopens a drawer. There, in bottom he finds an old prosthetic arm.
218) 0) text: CLOSE ON LIST: Sykes. Lentz. Devlin-MacGregor. R.D.U.90.  Lines draw connections.
220) 0) text: Fredrick Sykes, the one-armed man, comes down the side  walk. He passes a car and hears the door open behind him. Biggs climbs out of the car and falls into step behind hi Sykes hears the footsteps but moves on up the stoop and  starts to enter his apartment, notices the front door  already open. Cops and Marshals in his house. Processing a crime scene.
220) 1) dialog: What the hell's going on here?  Who are you people? He steps...
221) 0) text: ... sees Gerard in the kitchen. Gerard stares at Sykes.
221) 2) dialog: You a cop?
221) 5) dialog: Richard Kimble... I don't know a  Richard Kim - Poole produces a photo of Kimble.
221) 6) dialog: Wait a minute... This is the doctor  who killed his wife... He claimed  the killer had a prosthetic limb.  You telling me he's coming after  me?
221) 8) dialog: What the hell's that supposed to  mean? Because I have this? He lifts his prosthetic arm and stares at Gerard. Gerard  holds his look.
221) 9) dialog: Look, a year ago some people came  to see me. They asked me questions  about the night of the murder and  I'll tell you the same thing I told them. I wasn't even in town then.  I was on a business trip. Gerard continues moving around the apartment.
221) 11) dialog: Security.
221) 13) dialog: No, I work for a pharmaceutical  company. I handle security for its  top executives. Gerard holds up one of the fishing photographs with Lentz
221) 15) dialog: No. Just some doctors on a company  junket. Gerard puts the photos down with the one of Lentz on top. Sykes eyes it.
221) 16) dialog: (annoyed)
233) 0) text: A cop stares up at Sykes' house from across the street.
234) 0) text: Sykes watches the cops in the car outside. He moves to th phone and dials number.
234) 2) dialog: I want to report a fire; No, it's  not my place, it's a couple doors  down.
236) 0) text: Sykes, dressed in coat and tie, prepares to leave apartme Somewhere in the distance we hear: FIRE ENGINE SIRENS.
237) 0) text: The cop stares at Sykes' window when suddenly we hear FIR SIRENS, and a pair of fire trucks turn onto the street an pull up across the street from the unmarked car -blocking the view of Sykes' house. Firemen climb down and move to nearby building. The street begins to fill up with people The cop stares at the commotion directly behind him. He  becomes so engrossed in the action like everyone else tha he fails to see Sykes, using the distraction, exit his  apartment and walk calmly away from the scene.
238) 0) text: Newman studies the photograph of Lentz and Sykes under a  magnifying glass.
239) 0) text: Sykes stands at a phone booth, finishes a call, then move up the stairs to board an el train.
241) 0) text: Gerard, Nichols and Renfro. Nichols stares at a photo cop of the Sykes and Lentz fishing photo.
245) 0) text: Sykes steps off an elevator at Chicago Memorial Hospital. And starts down a hall.
249) 0) text: Gerard at his board. The cards form a triangle: Sykes  Devlin-Macgregor - Lentz with Kimble at the apex. He star at the board. Poole comes to the door.
250) 0) text: Kimble slips down corridor. We see someone following him. It is Sykes.
251) 7) text: Get CPD to bring in Sykes. Gerard stares at the board.
252) 0) text: Kimble moves through steam tunnel beneath the hospital. It is lined with old furniture and supplies. A few moment later we see Sykes following.
256) 0) text: Kimble starts up the stairs to the station just as a trai is coming in. Kimble moves down the platform and boards t downtown train. Just before the doors close Sykes steps o the last car. The train moves out.
257) 5) text: Renfro! Get C.P.D. to bring in Sykes!
258) 2) dialog: Back up. Move to the door, Doc.
260) 0) text: The train is not yet to the station. He has no escape.  Sykes moves toward him.
260) 1) dialog: This is my stop, Doc. Kimble stares hard at Sykes. He steps toward the side  exit.
260) 4) text: Sir, move away from him. Sykes - the gun tucked next to his side - turns. The Cop sees Sykes' gun, reacts... But Sykes FIRES first, shoots the cop FOUR TIMES. As the Cop falls, Sykes turns quickly to finish Kimble.  But Kimble pulls the emergency brake over the door.
263) 0) text: Sykes is thrown forward toward Kimble who holds onto a ba for balance.
265) 0) text: Sykes is thrown to the floor - the gun slips from his gra Kimble moves for the gun as Sykes comes up, catches Kimbl in the stomach, knocks him back. The fight carries on  throughout the car. Kimble reaches the gun first, lifts it in his left hand a aims at Sykes. Sykes sees the gun in Kimble's hand and  almost smiles.
265) 1) dialog: Go ahead. You don't have it in you . For a moment Kimble almost fires, but instead he takes th gun in his right hand and whips it across Sykes' face.  Then hits Sykes again and again with the butt of the gun, driving him down the length of the car, knocking him almo unconscious. Kimble tucks the gun in his belt and moves to the Transit Cop. He checks for a pulse - there is none. The Cop is de Kimble takes the handcuffs and keys from the case on the  Cop's belt. He reaches for Sykes' wrist, drags him to the Cop and cuffs Sykes to the dead Cop. He pockets the keys and grabs Sykes' hair, pulls his face off the floor.
265) 3) text: You missed your stop. He moves to the front of the car with Sykes' and the Tran Cop's guns out. People back out of his way. He moves to  where the first two windows extend over the platform, kic out the front window and...