3) 34) text: See you, Jim. Lentz moves on. Kimble looks after him a beat, then focus on relocating the Woman he just saw. She's gone. He and  Nichols move together through the party.
57) 0) text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing  smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engin hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work  feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled  wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation  investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted  remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators. Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.  marshals emerge: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a bric shithouse. RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds  fully-equipped. POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during nut-cuttin' time. NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5. From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media  spectacle.
110) 0) text: A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Ju early morning traffic. We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the  street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We se that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeles woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a  radio.
110) 3) text: Where's the woman?
112) 1) text: Down the hall a man's figure streaks across a doorway OUT OF VIEW. A woman in the rear of the house BEGINS SCREAMING.
128) 0) text: NURSE FLYNN, a woman about 45, attractive, smart, loyal. Poole and Gerard talk to her in an examination room.
143) 0) text: A light comes on and an OLD POLISH WOMAN, her stockings  rolled down her shins, leads the way down the basement  stairs. The Punk Kid stands at the top of the stairs,  watches Kimble.
148) 0) text: Kimble mopping the trauma room hallway. The hallway elbow around a corner and Kimble stands less than ten feet from a door that is marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC" He watches a technician leave the clinic and mops closer the doorway, and fails to see an attractive WOMAN DOCTOR  with white coat and stethoscope draped around her neck tu the corner behind him ant step on the freshly mopped  section. Head down, she is completely absorbed in a file and doesn see the wet floor until she slips slightly, looks up but  keeps walking.
149) 0) text: Kimble enters the dimly lit prosthetics lab. He moves silently among the casts and prosthetics of arms hands, legs hanging from the ceiling. Cables and electron equipment are on the counters. He leaves the lab and moves into the office section of th Prosthetic Clinic. He passes a computer room and finally  reaches the office. He is about to enter when a woman's  voice stops him.
149) 1) dialog: Hey, Ricky... Weren't you just in  here? Kimble turns to see a PROSTHETIC TECHNICIAN. A large woma with glasses. She stands with a partially finished  prosthetic arm.
158) 5) text: Cops put the young man into an unmarked police car. His  grandmother, the Polish woman, follows them, crying.
203) 0) text: The PHONE RINGS nine, ten times. As Kimble waits he looks down at his list of five. The only name remaining is  Fredrick Sykes. He looks down the street - it seems clear - then his focu shifts to a man carrying two coffees. He approaches a car parked along the curb. The passenger - a woman - leans  across the seat and opens the door for him. He hands her a cup of coffee and as he starts to climb in he shifts something on his hip - we see the butt of a  handgun. Kimble hangs up and leaves through the back door.