39) 0) text: The four prisoners sit scattered, still cuffed but no lon chained together. Near the front, PRISONER #1 is eyeing.. The two prison guards seated beyond the caged door. YOUNG GUARD lighting a smoke. OLD GUARD drowsing. Shotguns  bouncing on their knees. Prisoner #l shifts his gaze to.. The driver. Pistol on his hip.
41) 2) dialog: Jack! Feedin' time. Old Guard yawns to his feet, unhooks a key-ring from his  belt. Young Guard stows his shotgun in the weapons locker PRISONER #2 looks at Kimble. Kimble stirs awake... watche the cage door open, Young Guard moving back. And across t aisle... PRISONER #3, a big man named COPELAND, wags his head  between his knees. Something slides out of his shirt and  CLANKS to the dimpled steel floor. It's a razor sharp  plastic shank. Heart quickening, Kimble looks forward. Young Guard is  handing a petrified sandwich to Prisoner #1. Kimble snaps a look back to Copeland, who palms the shank.
41) 4) dialog: Suit yourself. He offers the sandwich to Copeland. In the exchange,  sandwich drops. Copeland leans down for it. Up front, Old Guard yawns again just as...
43) 0) text: Young Guard wrestles gun from Prisoner #2 and FIRES, kill prisoner #2. Copeland grapples with wounded Young Guard. Old Guard shotgun-butts Prisoner #1, flips the gun, PUMPS ONE ROUND into the man's chest. Dead. He turns just as...
47) 0) text: ENGINE DIES. Dusty silence. We don't know up from down. On his knees, Old Guard makes his way to the driver. Find him dead. Now a SOUND. Old Guard whips his shotgun around at... Kimble. Rising between the seats. A hairy beat. Old Guard might kill him just to finish thi off. But a GROAN turns Old Guard's head. Young Guard, trying to hold his guts in. Old Guart turns find Kimble.
47) 2) text: You. You're a doctor. C'mere. He slides to the Young Guard as the Old Guard scrounges u medical kit, shoves Kimble down on Young Guard.
51) 0) text: Kimble spots keys. Pitches them to Old Guard. Drags Young Guard to the front for a quick exit. But Old Guard fumble the key-ring, his hands shaking as much as the bus. The train light spider-webs across cracked windows. Kimbl snatches the keys away from the Guard's trembling hands.
53) 0) text: Train light grows. A nanosecond of uncertainty: Should  Kimble leave the wounded man? Kimble and the Young Guard  hold a look.
55) 0) text: Kimble struggles out of the bus - pulling the Young Guard behind him. He slings the man clear. SCREECHING death, the TRAIN SKIDS closer. For one heartbeat, Kimble remains perched atop the bus. The train light X-rays him. Kimble leaps. Lands. Rolls. Gains his feet. Tries to spri away but can't: His feet are still chained. He gets off a dozen mincing steps before... IMPACT: A hundred tons of STEEL SLAMS into the bus,  splitting it open. Shrapnel rips through Kimble's thigh, but he stays on his feet, still running feverish half-steps. An EXPLOSION envelops the train. Flames stream down its  flanks. The train burns past the wounded Guard. Kimble looks back, expecting to see the catastrophe behin him. But he gets the shock of his life - of any man's lif Still on its wheels, the locomotive is derailing - and co after him. It's the stuff of nightmares: One little man b chased by a fire-breathing locomotive. The train burrows to a stop. Kimble is suddenly five feet taller, standing on an uphea of earth, staring eyeball-to-eyeball with the train that  nearly devoured him. He pants. Coughs on smoke. Then noti something in his hand. It's the key-ring.
75) 3) dialog: It's him... It's - Kimble claps the portable oxygen mask back over the Young Guard's mouth and keeps his hand there.