3) 1) dialog: Oh-my-god. You sneaky beeyotch! Busted. Tree turns around to face DANIELLE BOUSEMAN, 20, peroxide-pretty.
4) 0) text: A group of Kappa girls have gathered around a table, as Danielle conducts a house meeting with the intensity of a U.N. assembly. To her right, MONICA KEENER, 18, a nervous pledge, diligently takes notes on a legal pad. The other girls, including Tree, absently suck on sugar- free, no whip Mochas OR what they call...lunch. Visibly absent is Lori.
4) 1) dialog: -- and we still need to pick this year’s charity. I can say right now, there is no way we're doing the Special Needs art fair again. All those tards want to do is hug. Totally freaked my shit out. Thoughts? Another pledge, BECKY SHEPARD, 18, a little chunky but doing her best to fit-in, joins the group with her tray. All eyes fall on her food...a sandwich with a side of pasta salad, and a tall glass of chocolate milk. Feeling the weight of their collective stares:
4) 3) dialog: I don’t know. What’s wrong Tree?
4) 5) dialog: And is that chocolate milk I see? Becky looks horrified.
4) 10) dialog: You two know each other?
4) 15) dialog: What a douche-bag.
9) 9) text: Enter... Danielle walks in, all dolled-up. Tree sizes furrowed.
9) 11) dialog: How cute is it on me?
9) 13) dialog: You mean like Nick’s jizz?
9) 15) dialog: (ignoring her) What time are you going to the party tonight?
9) 17) dialog: Our tuition dollars at work. A moment later, the lights go back on. DANIELLE (CONT’D) Anyhoo...don’t be too late or all the cute Sigma boys will be taken. Danielle leaves. Looking down, Tree notices she messed up one in the blackout. Tree growls. As she reaches the bottle of POLISH REMOVER, she spills the of RED NAIL POLISH on her bedspread. 15. her up, brow of her toes over to grab open bottle 16.
13) 1) dialog: Oh-my-god. You sneaky beeyotch! Tree turns around, clearly on edge. DANIELLE (CONT’D) Who was it? (off Tree’s blank stare/offended) Sisters don’t keep secrets.
13) 3) dialog: I have it all the time. It’s supposed to mean somebody’s like walking over your grave or something.
13) 5) dialog: Maybe you should switch to water next time, hon. You’re so Tara Reid when you drink.
13) 7) dialog: What are sisters for? Tree starts up the stairs. DANIELLE (CONT’D) (calling after her) Don’t forget! House meeting at lunch! Tree stops again, turns around. Danielle misinterprets the confused look in her eyes. DANIELLE (CONT’D) It’s been on the schedule board since last Thursday, Tree.
14) 0) text: The Delta’s are around the table as before. Tree is spacing out as Danielle holds court.
14) 1) dialog: -- and we still need to pick this year’s charity. I can say right now, there is no way we're doing the Special Needs art fair again. All those tards want to do is hug. Totally freaked my shit out. Thoughts? Becky arrives with her lunch tray.
14) 3) dialog: I don’t know. What’s wrong Tree? Tree suddenly looks up -- she only caught the tail-end of the conversation.
14) 5) dialog: No, dumb-ass. What’s wrong with that? She points at Becky’s food. Tree shakes her head. DANIELLE (CONT’D) So not Kappa-cuisine. And is that chocolate milk I see?
14) 9) dialog: You two know each other?
14) 15) dialog: What a douche-bag.
18) 3) dialog: I know. I’m just borrowing it for tonight. How cute is it on me? Overwhelmed by her deja vu, Tree looks at the TV -- she recognizes the challenge on “Road Rules”. DANIELLE (0.C.) (CONT’D) What time are you going to the party tonight? (Tree doesn’t hear her) Hello?...earth to space-bitch... Tree snaps out of it.
18) 5) dialog: (pretending to use sign-language) What-time-are-you-going-to-the- party?
18) 8) dialog: Our tuition dollars at work. She sees the fear in Tree's eyes. DANIELLE (CONT’D) Chill out. It’s just another rolling blackout, sweetie.
18) 10) dialog: Yeah, like two weeks ago. I remember because I was running on the treadmill and almost ate shit. I don’t know what’s so hard about keeping the electricity on. Anyhoo...don’t be too late or all the cute Sigma boys will be taken. She leaves. We HOLD ON Tree -- her face wrought with a mounting sense of dread.
21) 4) dialog: Don’t mess with a Kappa bitch! The crowd cheers, bringing the levity back to the affair. Somebody CRANKS the music as Danielle pulls Tree into a hug.
22) 0) text: The party is in full swing. Empty plastic cups shake on the speakers pumping out some old school party anthem. Pushing through the throngs of REVELERS we find Tree in the corner with Danielle and some other randoms. Tree checks her cell phone -- no new messages. The disappointment registers on her face.
22) 1) dialog: (looking around) That slut.
22) 3) dialog: Lori. She said she’d be here. She’s so out of the house next year. 33.
22) 5) dialog: Whatevs. She’s been boning some mystery guy. Nick saddles up to Tree and offers her a beer.
22) 13) dialog: Don’t “what” me. You know exactly what you’re doing, Tree.
25) 1) dialog: Oh-my-god. You sneaky beeyotch! Tree turns around. Danielle sees tear-streaked cheeks, the wild look in her eyes. DANIELLE (CONT’D) What’s wrong? She can’t answer. Doesn’t know how to explain. Instead, she just runs up the stairs.
25) 2) dialog: Tree?! She vanishes around the corner. DANIELLE (CONT’D) (baffled) Freakshow. INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - MORNING Tree throws herself on her bed and sobs into her pillow. Lori steps out of the bathroom, wet and wrapped in a towel.
26) 21) dialog: Tree? Why’s the door locked?
26) 23) dialog: What time are you going to the party tonight?
26) 25) dialog: Our tuition dollars at work. The lights turn back on. DANIELLE (0.S.) (CONT’D) Anyhoo...don’t be too late or all the cute Sigma boys will be taken. Tree listens to Danielle’s FOOTSTEPS walking away -- her eyes suddenly filling with purpose... 46. INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - LATER Tree has dismantled her Ikea night stand and is nailing the wood panels over the windows. Finished, she gives them a good tug to be sure they’re secure. With the windows sealed-shut and the door locked and securely blocked, she feels “safe”. TV back on, Tree finds the CUPCAKE Lori made for her sitting on her desk. She settles onto her bed and begins peeling the paper off of her treat. About to take a bite, Tree notices the “Road Rules” marathon is still playing. It feels like a bad omen, she opts for a station change. Tree begins searching for the remote but it’s nowhere to be found.
39) 0) text: The two KAPPA GIRLS (who were X-ing in the bathroom at Tree’s B-Day party) stare up at the second floor as BOOKS, PAPERS, even a LAPTOP fly out of Tree’s bedroom window. INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - MORNING Desk cleared of debris, Tree sits down and begins to jot- down a list of NAMES in a small note-pad. The “suspects” include KEITH, STEPHANIE, DANIELLE, and GREGORY... (But she immediately goes back and crosses off Gregory since he already died in front of her.) EXT. KEITH’S DORM ROOM - NIGHT On her tippy-toes, Tree peers through a first-floor window. From her POV we can SEE Keith, already fast- asleep in his over-sized Sponge-Bob pajamas. Tree looks disappointed as she crosses his name of the top of the list. She turns around and--
41) 0) text: Danielle and the other Kappa girls stare in horror/disgust as Tree (sporting her new-do) sprays a bottle of Cheeze-Wiz into her open mouth. EXT. GREGORY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Gregory escorts Stephanie (he’s in a tux, she’s ina gown) out of their up-scale house. CLOSE ON -- THE PAD as Stephanie’s name is crossed out. Gregory's sedan pulls out of the circular driveway -- Tree is suddenly tackled by her killer! Tree falls backward into a KOI POND. She manages to knock the mask off, but the killer shoves her head UNDERWATER... Tree’s POV -- through the rippling water, she can’t make out the identity of her attacker. INT. CARTER’S DORM ROOM - MORNING Tree wakes up and instantly leans over Carter’s bedside to puke a stream of pond-water. On Carter: gross!
43) 0) text: Tree is walking with Danielle when a student bumps Danielle. A BLACK CARD falls out of her bag. Tree grabs it...it’s just like the one she found in her room earlier. Danielle looks guilty. Tree attacks her and a cat-fight ensues right there on the street. A few BYSTANDERS try to stop them. Danielle and Tree fall off the sidewalk and onto the street. We HEAR a HORN blare one long note... Tree and Danielle both turn as an on-coming BUS speeds toward them. They both scream in unison then -- SPLAT! INSERT: Tree’s “suspect list” as Tree crosses off Danielle’s name.
49) 0) text: A vexed Danielle bumps into Tree as she exits Tree's room, holding Tree’s blouse.
49) 1) dialog: Where were you? (off Tree’s blank stare) You ditched our house meeting.
49) 3) dialog: It’s mandatory, Tree. I just finished telling your roommate the same thing. If you guys want to be Kappa sisters you have to stick to the schedule or else you're out.
49) 5) dialog: Have fun back in the dorms! INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - EVENING Lori is zipping-up a small bag when Tree enters the room. As she flops down on the bed, Tree notices the cupcake sitting on the night stand.
49) 17) dialog: Well, it was supposed to be a surprise but since you’re being a total bitch I’ve decided to spoil it. The party at the Sigma house tonight is a surprise birthday party for your ungrateful-ass so I suggest you suck it up and go. Just don’t even try talking to me when you’re there. Got it? 83. Danielle storms out, slamming the door behind her. Instead of getting upset, Tree grabs the cupcake Lori made her and peels-off the paper shell. She’s about to take a bite when... BLACKOUT.
56) 0) text: Starting up the stairs, Tree is accosted by Danielle.
56) 1) dialog: Oh-my-god. You sneaky beeyotch! Tree turns around.
57) 0) text: The Kappa lunch meeting is in full swing. Danielle is holding court when she sees Tree approach the table with a tray FULL of junk food. She sets it down and instantly dives-into a wedge of cheesecake. Everyone is staring at her like she’s a leper.
57) 2) dialog: Did I miss the memo?
57) 4) dialog: What’s up with the fat-fest? We’re Kappa’s. Tree shoves her plate of cheesecake toward Danielle.
57) 6) dialog: No, they’1l just turn me into a chunker like Becky here. 93. Becky looks like she’s going to die. She starts to get up with her tray of food. She doesn’t see Carter coming.
57) 10) dialog: Shut up! Her tantrum only makes them laugh harder. Bursting into tears, Danielle runs off with some of her Kappa cronies chasing after her.
62) 36) dialog: What the hell's going on in there?
63) 0) text: Glass and wood EXPLODE as Lori sails though the window! Her body bounces off the ledge, before flipping over backwards! There’s a skull-crushing THUD as Lori hits the stone walkway two-stories below. INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Danielle’s door-pounding has intensified with all the commotion.
63) 1) dialog: What the hell was that?