28) 5) dialog: Where’s your father? We’ve been trying to contact him but we must have an old number on file.
28) 7) dialog: We need your full medical history. Our system’s down from the rolling black-outs and we can’t retrieve any records. Specifically, we're trying to find out how many times you've been hospitalized.
28) 9) dialog: Excuse me? 52.
28) 12) dialog: We just got these back from the lab. You see here -- He runs his finger over a CHEST X-RAY.
28) 13) dialog: These are your lungs. There’s some scar tissue here. At first we thought it was a sign of pneumothorax. (off Tree’s blank stare) A collapsed lung. But then we saw these... He points to light-colored lines crisscrossing through her NECK and LOWER ABDOMEN.
28) 14) dialog: These are signs of major trauma, Teresa. Given the severity of the scar tissue and the size of the lesions... He shakes his head, unable to finish his sentence.
28) 16) dialog: You should be dead. The words sink in slowly. 53.
28) 17) dialog: We're going to keep you here for observation. Your heart rate’s a little low and we need--
28) 19) dialog: Whoa. Hold, on. You’re not going anywhere.
28) 21) dialog: Teresa, I need you to calm down...
28) 24) dialog: (calling out) I need a little help in here! Two NURSE’S rush into the room.
28) 25) dialog: Get me three cc’s of pentobarbital right away. Tree grabs Dr. Winter’s arms, pleading desperately:
28) 27) dialog: Nobody’s going to hurt you Teresa. We just want to help. The nurse returns with the shot. Tree takes one look at the needle and starts freaking out. 54.
28) 28) dialog: (shouting at the nurses) Hold her down, damn it! Arms pinned, Tree is helpless as the needle sinks into her skin. She begins to slow down, losing her motor skills. In a matter of seconds, she’s out again. INT. TREE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - EVENING A thick silence fills the air as Tree slowly begins to emerge from the fog of her sedation. From her blurry POV we’re looking at the door. It slowly begins to OPEN. A MAN enters... As he draws closer, we SEE he’s wearing THE MASK. Tree opens her mouth to scream, but no sound comes out! He reaches out to grab her! Tree recoils! But Tree’s vision pulls into focus and she realizes it’s just Gregory and he’s not wearing a mask. He sits beside her.
65) 9) dialog: She needs her rest. You can visit her later.
65) 14) dialog: In your condition, I’m afraid anything I would prescribe could be dangerous. You might need to put up with some pain for a day -- can you do that? Tree smiles.