3) 38) dialog: When extreme agitation occurs, locomotive response in the subjects show an acceleration across the quantum plane, where -- A quiet entrance is ruined by a very loud, squeaky door as Tree slinks into the room. As she takes a seat in the back she makes eye-contact with her professor. Was that a sneer or a smirk he just flashed her?
8) 0) text: Tree exits the elevator and discreetly slips past the nurse’s station and disappears behind a door marked “DR. GREGORY BUTLER” As the door closes, we SEE a POLICE OFFICER stationed outside a door at the far end of the hall.
9) 0) text: Tree pushes open the door of this small cramped office and realizes she’s alone for a moment. She notices a wedding picture of a happy bride and groom. She smirks, places it face side down on the desk. Gregory (Professor Butler) enters his office, closing the door behind him.
9) 1) dialog: We can’t do this. There’s too much going on in the building today.
9) 3) dialog: I have patients...
9) 5) dialog: (between kisses) This doesn’t mean you’re passing my course.
9) 8) dialog: Hey, Sweetie -- He gives Stephanie a kiss. GREGORY (CONT’D) -- just wrapping up here. Tree squeezes past Stephanie and forces a smile -- which isn’t returned. As Gregory closes the door, Stephanie glances back at Tree, who wonders if Stephanie suspects anything. INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - EVENING Tree sits on her bed, painting her toenails while a “Road Rules” marathon runs for the umpteenth time on MTV. There’s a light knock at the door.
10) 1) dialog: (on the phone) Hey, it's me. I'll text you later about meeting tonight. Not sure if I can get away but I'll do my best. By the way, that was close this afternoon. But kinda hot. Tree laughs. SAVE -- NEXT MESSAGE...
17) 0) text: Alone, Tree turns over the wedding photo without looking at it. She pushes the photo under some papers. Gregory enters, and quickly closes the door.
17) 1) dialog: We can’t do this. There’s too much going on in the building today. 27.
17) 3) dialog: Tree, I know what you’re going to say.
17) 5) dialog: It’s normal for a young girl to have feelings for an older man. But you can’t let it cross that line. You can’t fall in love.
17) 7) dialog: (relieved) You’re not?
17) 10) dialog: Okay. That’s kind of a buzz kill. A jangling of the doorknob. And then a loud knocking!
17) 12) dialog: (hushed) Thank god you locked the door! Tree and Gregory hurriedly adjust their clothing and open the door -- Gregory giving a lame: GREGORY (CONT’D) Didn‘t realize I locked the door. Have you met my student Teresa?
19) 1) dialog: (on the phone) Hey, it's me. I'll text you later about meeting tonight. Not sure if I can get away but I'll do my best. By the way, that was close this afternoon. But kinda hot. SAVE -- NEXT MESSAGE...
28) 29) dialog: Hey...Tree it’s me. It’s okay.
28) 31) dialog: Just checking on you. I heard they had to sedate you. The drugs take a little while to wear off.
28) 33) dialog: Tuesday, the 18th. Why? Tree closes her eyes. It wasn't a bad dream. Her eyes fill with tears. 55.
28) 35) dialog: Believes what?
28) 37) dialog: I can’t stay long. Stephanie’s gotten us into some god-awful charity thing tonight. But I‘1l come check on you first thing in the morning. Tree licks her dry-lips.
28) 40) dialog: Sure. Be right back. He kisses her forehead and leaves.
29) 0) text: Gregory fights with the machine as it won’t take his dollar. It finally sucks it in. He punches the button as the soda can dumps into the tray. We TRACK Gregory back to Tree’s room.
29) 1) dialog: (announcing as he enters) Special delivery... INT. TREE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS Entering the room, Gregory comes to an abrupt halt... 56. ANGLE ON -- TREE’S EMPTY BED She's gone.
30) 0) text: Tree quietly exits the elevator -- there’s only one NURSE at the station but she’s too busy reading a cheesy harlequin novel to notice Tree as she tip-toes right past her. Reaching the door to Gregory’s office, Tree glances to her right and notices the POLICE OFFICER isn’t stationed at the end of the hall. But his chair is still there beside a fresh, steaming cup of coffee.
31) 0) text: Gingerly closing the door behind her, Tree goes straight to Gregory’s desk and opens the top drawer. She grabs what she came for... HIS CAR KEYS.
32) 0) text: Peering into the hallway, Tree makes sure the coast is clear. But as she reaches the elevator, the doors automatically open. Tree freezes... Gregory steps out.
32) 1) dialog: Tree? What are you doing? Tree bolts! GREGORY (CONT’D) Tree! Running down the hall, Tree makes a desperate dash for the emergency exit. She’s still weak so it’s easy for Gregory to gain ground. Passing a GURNEY, Tree stops to push it in Gregory’s direction. It slows him down a little but not enough. Tree collides with the FIRE EXIT DOOR but it doesn’t budge. 57. Gregory stops a few feet away from Tree. GREGORY (CONT’D) Tree, listen to me --
32) 4) dialog: Tree, you’re delirious. Let me help you. Tree turns back to the fire door and begins banging on the handle.
34) 0) text: Bursting out the door, Tree screams for help but there’s no one around. Behind her, the killer continues his relentless chase. 58. Tree scans the area, desperately searching for Gregory’s car. There’s too many! It could be anywhere! She starts pressing the ALARM button on his key-chain. The killer is getting closer! Frantically pressing the button, an alarm finally goes off two rows over. Tree and the killer are about equidistant to the flashing lights and honking horn of Gregory’s car. They both pause for a split-second. Waiting to see who makes the first move... Sucking in a deep breath, Tree goes for it! Running harder than she’s ever run before in her life! The killer keeps pace. It looks like they’re going to make it to Gregory’s car at the same time but Tree gets there first. INT. GREGORY’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Lunging into the car, Tree slams the door shut and hits the LOCK BUTTON just as the killer SLAMS against the driver’s side window! Tree SCREAMS! The killer immediately begins pounding the glass with the butt of his knife. Tree tries to start the car but her hands are trembling too much.
34) 3) text: As it slips into the ignition. Tree starts the engine and throws it in REVERSE! Peeling rubber, Gregory’s car flies back and smashes into a parked car. Looking ahead, Tree sees the killer standing a few feet ahead. Slamming the gear into DRIVE she stomps on the pedal -- the car lunges forward. The killer narrowly dives out of the way! 59.
35) 0) text: The killer slowly rises to his feet as Tree speeds off in Gregory’s car.
36) 0) text: Racing off the campus grounds, Gregory’s car fish-tails onto the main road. INT. GREGORY’S CAR - NIGHT The lights of the isolated campus fade from view as Tree pushes the speedometer past 80. Realizing she’s escaped, Tree is overcome by a wild euphoria. She begins pounding the steering wheel, laughing through her tears.
39) 0) text: The two KAPPA GIRLS (who were X-ing in the bathroom at Tree’s B-Day party) stare up at the second floor as BOOKS, PAPERS, even a LAPTOP fly out of Tree’s bedroom window. INT. TREE’S BEDROOM - MORNING Desk cleared of debris, Tree sits down and begins to jot- down a list of NAMES in a small note-pad. The “suspects” include KEITH, STEPHANIE, DANIELLE, and GREGORY... (But she immediately goes back and crosses off Gregory since he already died in front of her.) EXT. KEITH’S DORM ROOM - NIGHT On her tippy-toes, Tree peers through a first-floor window. From her POV we can SEE Keith, already fast- asleep in his over-sized Sponge-Bob pajamas. Tree looks disappointed as she crosses his name of the top of the list. She turns around and--
41) 0) text: Danielle and the other Kappa girls stare in horror/disgust as Tree (sporting her new-do) sprays a bottle of Cheeze-Wiz into her open mouth. EXT. GREGORY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Gregory escorts Stephanie (he’s in a tux, she’s ina gown) out of their up-scale house. CLOSE ON -- THE PAD as Stephanie’s name is crossed out. Gregory's sedan pulls out of the circular driveway -- Tree is suddenly tackled by her killer! Tree falls backward into a KOI POND. She manages to knock the mask off, but the killer shoves her head UNDERWATER... Tree’s POV -- through the rippling water, she can’t make out the identity of her attacker. INT. CARTER’S DORM ROOM - MORNING Tree wakes up and instantly leans over Carter’s bedside to puke a stream of pond-water. On Carter: gross!
56) 10) dialog: What the hell do you think you're doing?!
56) 12) dialog: Wait. What?
56) 14) dialog: What lame self-help book did that come from?
56) 18) dialog: (shouting after her) Don’t expect me to let you coast- by in my class now!