2) 1) dialog: Stop global warming! Tree doesn’t deign to acknowledge the proffered clipboard. A nearby CAR ALARM goes off. Next, Tree notices a PAIR OF STUDENTS studying on the lawn as the sprinklers suddenly go off -- they’re getting soaked as they scramble to protect their books. On the left, TREE passes a group of FRAT PLEDGES singing loudly. THE FRAT BROTHER stands beside a sign: “26th Straight Hour”.
12) 0) text: Shielding her eyes from the glaring sun, Tree makes the “walk of shame” again. But it’s all so familiar. She passes the student protester.
12) 1) dialog: Stop global warming! The CAR ALARM goes off... Then the sprinklers, soaking the studying pair. The frat pledges...
24) 1) dialog: Stop global warming! Tree slaps the clipboard away. STUDENT PROTESTER (CONT’D) (shouting after her) A simple “no-thanks” would do! Car alarm... Sprinklers... TREE passes a group of FRAT PLEDGES singing loudly. THE FRAT BROTHER stands beside a sign: “26th Straight Hour”.
28) 0) text: Tree staggers through the crowded thoroughfare -- her eyes darting left and right. Everyone she passes has an air of menace. Anyone could be her killer. TREE’S POV -- VARIOUS “SUSPECTS” STARING BACK... * A PROFESSOR peering at us over the rim of his coffee cup. * A PAINTER, wearing a bandana over his mouth, looks up from his work to tracks us with his eyes. * A STUDENT VENDOR, working behind an espresso kiosk, stares at us through a glass partition. Becoming winded again, Tree stops in the middle of the walk way. The student protester thrusts the petition at Tree!
28) 1) dialog: Stop global warming! Tree staggers back. The car alarm goes off. Then the sprinklers. Behind her, the FRAT GUYS are singing...
42) 3) dialog: Stop global war-- She sees Tree and pulls her clipboard back. ANGLE ON -- THE FRAT PLEDGES who follow Tree’s naked body with shocked grins. So distracted are they, nobody notices when the exhausted brother passes-out. ANGLE ON -- THE STAIRS where Tree crosses paths with Keith. His eyes look like they’re going to shoot out of his head. As Tree streaks by, she winks at him. Keith turns too quickly to follow Tree and loses his footing. He eats shit down the stairs.
45) 10) dialog: Stop global warming! She thrusts the clipboard at Tree, who takes it and hands it off to Carter. It stalls him, leaving Carter in Tree's wake. He has to run and catch up yet again!
55) 1) dialog: Stop global-- Tree grabs the clipboard out of her hand and signs the petition. She shoves it back into the protester’s hands, adding: