0) 0) text: In the light of early morning, a young man RUNS along the side of a country road. He has a MILITARY RUCKSACK slung over his shoulders and is wearing an ARMY uniform. The young man’s hair is cropped short and he has an athletic build. Although he is running steadily at a fast rate, the man’s breathing is quiet and regular. The man in the army uniform continues to run as an old PICK-UP TRUCK appears in the distance behind him. INT. ANNA’S CAR - EARLY MORNING —- CONTINUOUS ANNA PETERSON, a pretty 20 year old with dark hair, drives the pick-up truck down the country road. Her eyes are tired and her mascara smeared, as if she has been up all night. Anna looks through her windshield at the man running on the side of the road. He is running in the same direction that Anna is driving, so she sees only his back. Anna frowns slightly at this sight, then continues driving, moving past the young man as he runs along. Glancing at her rearview mirror, Anna watches his figure recede into the distance behind her.
1) 0) text: Anna pulls her truck into the driveway of a single-story house surrounded by fields of dead grass. Two other cars are parked in the driveway, an SUV and a station wagon. Paper HALLOWEEN DECORATIONS hang outside of the house, and a homemade GHOST stands in the front yard, facing the street, its eyes black holes etched into white bedsheet. Anna climbs out of the truck. Behind her, the sun is beginning to rise, filling the sky with pale light. Anna regards the ghost standing in front of her, then heads towards the house.
2) 0) text: Anna opens the front door to the house and enters, moving quietly, as if trying to not be heard. Anna softly shuts the door behind her. She turns and see her father, SPENCER PETERSON, 40s, seated on the couch in the dim morning light, watching her. He is wearing slacks and a dress shirt and holding a mug of coffee. Anna slumps back against the closed front door, startled.
2) 1) dialog: Oh. Hey. (pause) You’re up early.
2) 3) dialog: I worked late, then went over to Kristen's. I told mom.
2) 5) dialog: Yeah, um. I fell asleep. Sorry.
2) 7) dialog: I said I was sorry. Alone, Spencer stands in the front room, facing the hall. The sound of Anna CLOSING her bedroom door is audible. Spencer turns to the mantle above the fireplace. A plastic jack-o’-lantern sits next to photos of a young man smiling, in various settings. This is CALEB PETERSON. There is a shot of Caleb in a football uniform and, most recently, a posed shot of him in an army uniform, standing with a group of soldiers in front of a military vehicle. An AMERICAN FLAG is folded into a glass frame that hangs over these photos. Spencer exhales, his shoulders slumping.
2) 8) text: Luke and Spencer sit across from each other at the dining room table. Luke is eating breakfast cereal. LAURA PETERSON, Anna’s mother, enters the room with a travel mug of coffee, which she sets in front of Spencer.
3) 0) text: Laura sits on the sofa, in front of the television. The TV set is on off and she is not looking at it, her gaze resting somewhere in the middle of the floor. The doorbell RINGS. Laura looks up, startled. She clumsily rises to her feet, straightens her clothing, then moves to the front door and opens it. The YOUNG MAN in army uniform who Anna saw running is standing on the porch, facing away from the door, as if surveying the front yard. He is still carrying his rucksack, his back to Laura. Laura gasps, her eyes widening. The young man turns to her, smiling politely. He is very good looking, in a boyish way, with very short blond hair. This is DAVID. David takes in Laura’s expression. He frowns, concerned.
6) 17) dialog: You knew Caleb?
6) 19) dialog: “Ma'am”? Okay. Where do you live?
6) 27) dialog: So where are you staying?
6) 34) dialog: I’ve got to get to the diner. So, um... Nice to meet you, David.
6) 36) dialog: I guess I’1ll see you again later. Anna glances at her mother, then leaves the house through the front door. Laura turns to David.
12) 0) text: Anna lies on a blanket that is positioned on the side of a hill, staring up at the night sky. Next to her, ZEKE HASTINGS, mid-20s, lights a marijuana pipe and exhales smoke up into the cool air. Anna’s truck and a van that belongs to Zeke are both parked near a gravel road behind them. MUSIC plays from a tinny battery-powered boombox next to their blanket. Anna checks the time on her cell phone, sighs, and sits up. She begins pulling on her boots.
12) 1) dialog: I’ve got to go home. Zeke offers the pipe to Anna, who shakes her head, tying her bootlaces. Zeke lights it again, inhaling.
12) 3) dialog: I don’t know. I hope not.
12) 5) dialog: I said he seemed nice. That’s not the same thing. Anna finishes tying her boots. 16.
12) 7) dialog: I don’t not like him. Zeke rolls his eyes.
12) 8) dialog: It’s just... I mean, you kind of knew Caleb. We’ve all... I know mom and dad have been trying to move on. It’s not like they don’t have enough reminders of him in this town. Hell, they’ve kept that bedroom like a shrine to him.
12) 10) dialog: We just don’t need a walking, breathing reminder of Caleb hanging around right now, you know?
12) 13) dialog: I’m going to be late as is. But I’m sure we can find some time at the party tomorrow.
13) 8) dialog: Good. Not too busy. Spencer finishes his beer and rises to his feet.
13) 12) dialog: I’1l take one, too.
13) 14) dialog: I’m twenty-one in a month!
13) 16) dialog: Are you helping him with his homework?
13) 19) dialog: I’m not feeling so great. I think I’m just going to lie down.
14) 0) text: Anna enters the hallway, moving towards her bedroom. Anna stops at the door to Caleb’s room. She hesitates. Spencer’s voice can be heard in the front room. David says something imperceptible in reply and Spencer laughs. Anna turns the doorknob to Caleb’s room and steps inside. 19. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - CALEB’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Anna walks into Caleb’s room, leaving the door behind her open. The room appears much as before. David’s rucksack rests on the floor, mostly empty. Anna looks towards the doorway, then crouches down and peers into David’s rucksack. She reaches inside, searching its contents. The bag contains only undergarments, socks, and a tube of deodorant. Anna straightens up. Anna looks around the room, taking in Caleb’s belongings. She sighs, then sits down on the bed. Anna looks down at the pillow she is sitting on. She shifts her weight and lifts up the pillow. A polished PISTOL is beneath the pillow on Caleb's bed. Anna takes this in, then carefully puts the pillow back into place over the gun, as before. Anna starts to stand up, looking to the door. DAVID IS STANDING in the doorway to the room, WATCHING HER. Anna gasps and quickly stands, taking a step back.
14) 2) dialog: I, um, I’m sorry. I just... I just come in here sometimes.
21) 0) text: Luke and David enter the front room. Laura and Anna are seated, Anna sketching in a notebook. Laura rises when she sees Luke holding the ice pack to his bruised face.
21) 13) dialog: (sarcastic) I’m sure that’s exactly what he needs. David looks over at Anna.
21) 15) dialog: I’m going to get ready for Kristen’s.
21) 17) dialog: Really?! You're going to play that card? Laura’s reply is inaudible. A moment later, Anna storms out of the kitchen. She clears her throat.
21) 18) dialog: David, would you like to come to a party with me tonight? David looks up at Anna.
21) 20) dialog: (barely concealed annoyance) Great. I’m going to leave around seven. David rises to his feet.
22) 0) text: Anna steps into the hall, wearing a small robe and carrying clothes. She looks at the closed bathroom door.
22) 1) dialog: Great. (calling out) Luke, I need to shower! The bathroom door immediately opens and David steps out in a haze of steam, wearing a towel around his waist. David appears almost unnaturally fit, each muscle defined. His tanned torso is also covered with flushed, thick SCARS from dozens of cuts and wounds. 34. David moves towards the door to Caleb’s room, edging past Anna in the narrow hallway.
22) 3) dialog: No, I- I’m sorry, I thought Luke was-— Never mind.
22) 5) dialog: Yeah, um... You do, you do that. As David faces away from Anna to enter Caleb’s room, a clean BANDAGE is visible on his lower back. Anna quickly turns away and moves into the bathroom. INT. Anna her. Anna INT. Anna PETERSON HOUSE - BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS enters the steamy bathroom and shuts the door behind She leans up against the door and exhales.
22) 6) dialog: Okay. sighs, then turns the shower on.
22) 9) dialog: It’s fine. Anna moves towards the front door. David rises. 35.
22) 11) dialog: Thank you. David follows Anna outside. EXT. KRISTEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT - A HALF HOUR LATER David and Anna walk from her car to Kristen’s house, a small, unattractive duplex. Anna turns to face David.
22) 12) dialog: So, look. This isn’t a big deal or anything, but this isn’t just Kristen’s place. My boyfriend, Zeke, lives here, too.
22) 14) dialog: Yeah, well. Neither do my parents. And I wouldn’t mind keeping it that way, at least for now, if it’s alright with you.
22) 17) dialog: This is David, he was friends with my brother, Caleb. I told you about him.
22) 24) dialog: Have at it.
22) 26) dialog: Uh... He was in the army?
22) 28) dialog: Ugh, I wish. I can’t smoke tonight.
22) 30) dialog: Yeah, he’s-— David emerges from the yard, CARRYING TWO KEGS. He has one propped on his shoulder and is carrying the other with one hand. 37.
22) 34) dialog: Craig-
22) 37) dialog: Thanks. Anna takes the blunt and inhales. INT. KRISTEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT - AN HOUR LATER MUSIC blares inside Kristen’s house and a few people are dancing in her living room. Anna watches David from across the room; David is conversing with Kristen. Zeke approaches Anna and hands her a cup of beer.
22) 38) dialog: Thanks.
22) 40) dialog: I’m fine. 38.
22) 42) dialog: Yeah, okay. On the other side of the room, David turns to watch Zeke and Anna exit, then looks back to Kristen.
22) 81) dialog: David, are you ready to go? David takes his phone from Craig and rises.
22) 84) dialog: I have to go, Zeke. Call me tomorrow. Zeke turns away, exhaling.
22) 86) dialog: Let’s go, okay? David nods. He shrugs at Kristen, then walks with Anna towards the front door. 43. EXT. KRISTEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER David and Anna walk to her car. Anna takes her keys out.
22) 88) dialog: No, I’m fine. David quickly steps in front of Anna. He touches the side of her face, peering into her eyes. Anna inhales, surprised, but does not shrink away. David moves his hand down and smoothly pulls the keys from her grasp.
22) 90) dialog: Wait. How are you more sober than me?
22) 94) dialog: No, it’s just... it’s nothing. We had an argument. Old stuff. Zeke... When we first started dating, I loved that he was in a band. But now I’m saving up for college, and he just isn’t moving on, you know? Like, he doesn’t even have a job.
22) 97) dialog: He’s not a drug dealer! (pause) He sells drugs sometimes. Like, to friends, to make extra cash. David reaches up and adjusts the rearview mirror.
22) 100) dialog: Thanks. David drives in silence for a moment.
22) 102) dialog: You do? It’s just a mix I made. I can make you a CD if you’d like.
22) 104) dialog: Yeah. Of course. David steers the car down the narrow road leading to their house.
23) 0) text: David and Anna walk down the hallway together, towards their bedrooms. They reach the door to Anna’s room first. They stand near each other in the narrow hallway.
23) 1) dialog: So, uh. Goodnight. 45.
23) 3) dialog: No, um, no problem. Goodnight. Anna enters her bedroom, shutting the door behind her. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Anna stands just inside her bedroom door. She can hear David's footsteps moving away, entering Caleb’s room. Anna sighs and crosses her bedroom, taking off her shirt. She collapses onto her bed, looking up at the ceiling. After a moment, Anna rises from her bed. She moves over to her bookshelf and pulls out a BLANK CD and a marker. Anna writes on the CD: “MIX FOR DAVID.” She then moves back to her bed and opens her laptop. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - NIGHT - LATER Anna leans back on her bed, slipping on her headphones. She stares out the window, nodding her head slightly, listening to the mix she just made. Anna smiles slightly, to herself.
24) 0) text: Through the front windows of Anna’s bedroom, she is visible lounging on her bed, listening to her MUSIC loudly on her headphones. Anna shifts her position, closing her eyes. Without opening them, she reaches up over her head and TURNS OFF THE LIGHT. Anna’s room goes dark. In the room next to Anna’s, also visible through the front windows, David sits on Caleb’s bed, perfectly still. He stares out the window, into the darkness outside.
25) 0) text: Wearing an undershirt and pajama pants, Anna walks into the kitchen and starts making herself tea. 46. Glancing outside, Anna sees David pacing in the backyard, speaking into his disposable cell phone. His voice is barely audible from inside.
26) 2) dialog: Yes, his name is David Andersen Collins. I think I can tell you what unit he served in if that helps. (pause) No, nothing’s wrong. He was friends with my brother and we just heard he’s back, so any contact information you could give me would be helpful. (pause) Yes, that’s my cell phone. Thanks.
31) 30) dialog: Hello? (pause) Yes, thank you for calling me back. Anna is silent, listening to the voice on the other end of the phone. She sits up. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY —- MOMENTS LATER Laura is cooking in the kitchen. Two PUMPKINS sit on the counter. Anna enters the room behind her.
31) 31) dialog: Mom, can I talk to you? Laura frowns, carrying a pan over to the stove.
31) 33) dialog: I called the military base David said he was just discharged from, Fort Kennilworth, to ask about him.
32) 0) text: Anna moves into the living room, answering her phone. She speaks quietly.
32) 1) dialog: Zeke? INT. ZEKE’S VAN - DAY - CONTINUOUS Zeke is speaking into his cell phone as he drives his van down a side street. He is visibly upset.
33) 0) text: Anna looks towards the kitchen, then turns away.
33) 1) dialog: Not really. I’m at home. What’s going on? INT. ZEKE’S VAN - DAY - CONTINUOUS Zeke turns the van around a corner, holding his phone.
34) 0) text: Anna stares out the front windows, shocked.
34) 1) dialog: What? But- who... Do they know who-?
35) 0) text: Anna looks out the windows. Behind her, out of view, David stands on the stairs, very still, watching her.
35) 1) dialog: Yeah, of course. I have something else I need to talk to you about, too. INT. ZEKE’S VAN - DAY - CONTINUOUS Zeke frowns, looking into his side mirror as he drives.
36) 0) text: Anna frowns, the phone still to her ear.
36) 1) dialog: What? Hello? Anna looks down at her phone. Behind her, David audibly moves forward, walking into the front room. Anna spins to face David, startled. She looks down at her phone again, then pockets it.
36) 2) dialog: Hey. I... I’m going out for a bit.
37) 0) text: Anna enters a small, old-fashioned diner, looking around. The diner is nearly empty, with just a few customers. Kristen, wearing a diner uniform, quickly moves from behind the counter and embraces Anna. Kristen looks as though she has been crying.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah. I just heard about it from Zeke. How are you doing? 58.
37) 4) dialog: I know. Can you sit down?
39) 0) text: Anna and Kristen sit across from each other in a diner booth. Anna drums her fingers, looking worried.
39) 1) dialog: Something else happened... It’s kind of weird. I called the army base David said he was from. They told me David Collins died a week ago. He was in a military hospital in Idaho, there was a fire from some oxygen tanks. About twenty people died, David Collins was one of them.
39) 3) dialog: David Andersen Collins. The woman I talked to emailed me a photo of him. Brown hair, round face, acne problem. Looked like a nice guy. Not David. Kristen regards Anna seriously.
39) 5) dialog: Yeah. I am. A little. Kristen considers.
39) 7) dialog: I’ve never seen him use a wallet. 60.
39) 9) dialog: Yeah. That’s a good idea. Thanks. One of Kristen’s coworkers, a man wearing a bandana and GRILL CHEF apron, stops by the booth. He speaks quietly, nodding at a pair of seated customers.
39) 12) dialog: Call me when you get off, okay?
39) 14) dialog: You too. Anna exits the diner as Kristen moves to a table.
40) 13) dialog: Ah, no, probably not. Mom and dad around? 62.
40) 15) dialog: That’s cool. Anna looks up. David is setting his pumpkin on the kitchen counter, next to Luke's. Anna feels the pocket of David’s jacket, then stops when her hand touches his CELL PHONE. She quickly slips David's disposable cell phone out of his pocket and exits into the hallway, clutching it in her hands. Neither David nor Luke look at her. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Anna enters her room and quickly shuts the door behind her. She puts some MUSIC on her stereo, a loud goth song. Anna snaps David’s phone open, scrolling so that its screen displays recent calls. Anna takes her own cell phone out and SNAPS A PICTURE of David's phone screen. Anna scrolls further through David’s recent calls; there are only a few more. Suddenly David's phone RINGS LOUDLY, vibrating in her hand. Anna freezes.
40) 16) dialog: Shit. Anna spins for the door to her room, moving quietly.
41) 0) text: Anna rapidly crosses the hallway. She opens the door to Caleb's room, then spins back into the hallway. Anna ducks back into her bedroom and shuts the door. A moment later, David enters the hallway, holding the receiver to the Petersons’ CORDLESS PHONE to his ear. David walks down the hallway. His cell phone is audible RINGING near the end of the hallway, its noise muffled. David heads towards the sound. David stops at the door to Anna’s room, listening to her muffled music. 63. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Anna stands just inside the door to her room, not moving. Silence, then Anna can hear David’s FOOTSTEPS in the hallway, moving away.
43) 0) text: David closes the door to Caleb’s room and walks back towards the front room. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Anna moves over to her bed and sits heavily on it, exhaling. She puts her head in her hands. Anna’s cell phone RINGS, startling her. She looks it, frowns, then answers hesitantly.
43) 1) dialog: Hello?
44) 2) dialog: What...? I don’t... I don’t understand. They found the gun that killed Craig... in your van?
45) 2) dialog: Well, you’re innocent!
47) 3) dialog: My, um, my friend Craig died today. He was murdered. Laura and Spencer look at each other, shocked.
47) 5) dialog: Yeah.
47) 7) dialog: And... and they arrested Zeke for it, they found the gun in his van. But he didn’t do it. They were good friends.
47) 10) dialog: He’s not my ex-boyfriend, dad, he’s my boyfriend! I never stopped seeing him! I’m twenty years old, I can date who I want! Spencer’s face flushes.
47) 12) dialog: (interrupting) You know absolutely nothing about him! You don’t know Zeke at all!
47) 14) dialog: Oh yeah? Oh really? Anna and Spencer are both shouting now. Anna POINTS AT DAVID, who is standing by the table, holding silverware.
47) 15) dialog: What about him? Everyone's best friend there. What do you know about him? Spencer opens his mouth, confused.
47) 16) dialog: I called the military base he said he was from, and they said he was dead! (MORE )
47) 18) dialog: Then they sent me a photo of him that wasn’t him! What do you think of that? Spencer looks towards David hesitantly. Laura and Luke both look confused. David laughs.
47) 20) dialog: Oh yeah? (to Spencer) Ask him to show you his I.D.! He’s not David Collins! We don’t know who he is! Spencer again looks to David.
47) 24) dialog: No fucking way.
47) 27) dialog: Fuck you! Anna turns and storms back down the hallway, to her room, passing Luke. Spencer and Laura stand for a moment, looking after her, then Spencer turns to David.
47) 32) dialog: Okay. Kristen. Anna taps one of the numbers, then scrolls through her contacts, bringing up “CRAIG.” Craig’s number matches the last number that called David’s phone.
47) 33) dialog: Craig... 69. Anna goes back to the photo. Only one number remains. Anna frowns at it, then opens up her netbook. She punches the phone number into an internet search page. There is a soft KNOCK on Anna’s door.
47) 34) dialog: What? The door opens and DAVID steps inside, shutting the door. Anna quickly SHUTS HER NETBOOK, turning to face him.
47) 40) dialog: Okay.
47) 43) dialog: Uh. Yeah.
48) 4) dialog: Yeah. I paid for a reverse directory thing to look that number up online. It said it’s the unlisted landline of this doctor in Miami. His name’s Peter Boddington. Except he’s not a doctor anymore. He got his license taken away two years ago when he performed a face lift on this lady while he was drunk. Luke hands Anna’s phone back to her.
48) 6) dialog: That's what I want to find out.
48) 8) dialog: I need to talk to the police. The cops found those drugs in Zeke’s room and assume they’ve got their guy. The investigation’s closed. Zeke’s lawyer is telling him to take a plea. Luke looks mildly suspicious.
48) 10) dialog: To get them to reopen it, I need all the information I can get. You remember how you stole a password for that database to do research on your paper last year?
48) 12) dialog: Well, do something like that again. Find out anything you can about this guy. Luke looks pensive.
48) 14) dialog: Yeah. I do.
48) 16) dialog: Thank you, Luke. I’1l be at the diner all day, so just call me on my cell if you find anything. Luke nods.
56) 0) text: David runs into the hallway, moving to pass the open doorway to Anna’s bedroom. As he does so, the window in Anna’s bedroom SHATTERS with GUNSHOTS. 84.
57) 0) text: Major Carver delivers covering fire through Anna's bedroom window while two of the M.P.s move to either side of the window. The remaining gunner M.P. loads an AMMUNITION BELT into the M249. Major Carver pauses in his fire, nodding to the two M.P.s at the house. One of the M.P.s steps into the window. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS The M.P. climbs in through Anna’s window, his partner remaining outside, gun at the ready. The M.P. steps into Anna’s room, looking around. The room is SILENT except for debris and broken glass occasionally dropping to the floor. The M.P. holds up his hand and gestures forward, indicating for his partner to follow him inside. The second M.P. steps in through the window as the first M.P. shifts forward. There is the BOOM of a SHOTGUN BLAST and the first M.P.’s ankle EXPLODES. He crumples to the floor with a SCREAM and is promptly SHOT IN THE FACE, silencing him. The second M.P. pivots and opens fire with his automatic rifle, SPRAYING ANNA’S BED with BULLETS. As he does so, David SLIDES OUT from under the bed on his back, stopping right at the M.P.’s feet. David is aiming a PUMP-ACTION SHOTGUN UP at the M.P. David PULLS THE TRIGGER, hitting the M.P. in the side. The force of the blast lifts the M.P. off his feet, knocking him back OUT THE WINDOW.
59) 0) text: David crawls from Anna’s room as bullets DESTROY its door, knocking it off its hinges. As David makes his way down the hallway in a MILITARY LOW CRAWL, 5.7mm BULLETS SLAM THROUGH THE WALL above him, moving in a line towards David as he quickly moves forward ON HIS ELBOWS. Each slug BURSTS THROUGH the wall just over David as he crawls forward, filling the air behind him with DUST AND DEBRIS.
72) 0) text: Anna is working at the diner alongside Kristen. She sets a milkshake down on the counter, then moves to clean off a table. The door to the diner SWINGS OPEN. Major Carver hurriedly strides into the diner. He surveys its patrons and employees, who all look back at him.
72) 2) dialog: That’s me. Major Carver shows Anna his badge.
72) 4) dialog: Whoa. I’m not going anywhere. What’s going on?
72) 7) dialog: I think so. I'll call you later, okay? Kristen nods. Anna exits the diner with Major Carver.
73) 0) text: Major Carver holds Anna’s door open for her. She climbs into the passenger side of the vehicle. He then gets in, starts the car and drives out of the parking lot. A few seconds later, another car drives into the parking lot. David is at the steering wheel. He brings the car to a stop in the middle of the parking lot. David climbs out of the new car. The inside of its windshield is SPLATTERED WITH BLOOD, but it is otherwise empty. David walks towards the diner.
74) 9) dialog: What?
74) 11) dialog: You need to tell me what’s going on. Who are you? You came here for David? Major Carver hesitates, then answers.
74) 13) dialog: Okay...
74) 15) dialog: Maybe you should have tested your procedure on a subject who wasn’t a psychopath. The Major sighs.
74) 19) dialog: I’m calling my brother. Anna takes her cell phone out of her pocket and dials a number while Major Carver drives.
75) 2) dialog: Luke, if you get this message, call me right away. It’s important. Anna hangs up her cell phone, then begins typing on it. Major Carver glances over at her.
75) 3) dialog: I’m sending him a text. Major Carver nods as a police car SPEEDS PAST them on the road, heading in the opposite direction, siren blaring. 96.
75) 4) dialog: Where’s that cop car going?
75) 6) dialog: What?
75) 8) dialog: Wait... Are... Is anyone alive?
75) 10) dialog: Wait. Where are my parents? You haven’t mentioned my parents. Major Carver grimaces and says nothing. The Maplewood Barn is ahead of them. Anna's voice grows panicked.
75) 11) dialog: What about my parents?! Tell me!
75) 13) dialog: What? Why... Why would he...?
75) 15) dialog: I don’t understand. They... they weren’t a threat to him. 97.
75) 18) dialog: No. I need to get my brother. Anna exits the car. Behind her, the sun is setting. INT. MAPLEWOOD BARN - MAZE ENTRANCE —- MOMENTS LATER Major Carver opens the front door to the barn, which is adorned with Halloween decorations. He and Anna find themselves facing a MAZE ENTRANCE shaped like the mouth of an enormous JACK-O’-LANTERN.
75) 20) dialog: For the fall dance, they do Halloween mazes to get in and out. You enter in pairs. It’s a tradition. Major Carver steps forward, entering the jack-o’- lantern’s mouth. Anna follows him. INT. MAPLEWOOD BARN - ENTRY MAZE - FIRST ROOM -—
78) 0) text: Anna and Major Carver emerge from the maze out onto the dance floor decorated with pumpkins and bales of hay. Dried leaves and a mirror ball hang from the ceiling. Luke and Mr. Lyles are standing near the center of the room. Luke is holding a broom.
78) 1) dialog: Luke! Anna runs to Luke and HUGS HIM. Luke lightly returns her hug, confused. Major Carver crosses to Mr. Lyles, showing him his BADGE; the two engage in quiet conversation. Luke watches this.
78) 3) dialog: We need to go right now. Come with- Abruptly, the lights in the building GO DARK. A spotlight hits the MIRROR BALL above them, which begins spinning, reflecting swirling spots of light over the floor. A FOG MACHINE starts WHIRRING in the corner. The first notes of the GOTH SONG that David and Anna listened to in her car echo through the space. The MUSIC plays from overhead speakers installed for the dance. Major Carver draws his PISTOL. Mr. Lyles stares at this.
80) 0) text: Pulling Luke, Anna RUNS across the spinning lights of the dance floor, which is filling with FOG. They race towards the dark maze that leads to the building’s entrance, GOTH MUSIC pounding around them.
82) 0) text: Reaching the door, Anna attempts to open it. The door opens an INCH, then STOPS. Looking through the crack in the door, Anna can see that the door is CHAINED SHUT.
82) 1) dialog: Shit. Anna turns back, facing the halls of the maze leading back out to the dance floor. Music is blaring on the dance floor. Nothing else can be heard.
82) 3) dialog: I need you to trust me, Luke. Come on. And be quiet. Anna pulls Luke forward, down the corridor.
85) 2) dialog: Come on! Anna turns right at the end of the corridor, in the opposite direction of the path she took earlier. She and Luke round another corner, disappearing from view. The next moment, David appears, turning into the corridor they just vacated. He looks around, listens, then turns towards the front entrance, moving quietly. INT. MAPLEWOOD BARN - ENTRY MAZE —- JUNKYARD - CONTINUOUS Anna and Luke hurry deeper into the maze, rounding another corner. Luke and Anna find themselves in a CHAMBER in the maze, filled with barrels and debris, designed like a JUNKYARD. There is a stack of barrels in one corner that appears designed for a maze employee to hide behind in order to jump out and scare people. A GORE-STREAKED dummy is propped in front of the barrels. Anna quickly pulls Luke towards the stack of barrels.
85) 3) dialog: I need you to hide in here. Okay? Luke looks at the hiding space, then shakes his head.
85) 5) dialog: Luke. He killed mom and dad. They're gone. Luke blinks. He smiles hesitantly.
85) 8) dialog: Please. Just hide here, okay? I’m going to lead him away. Don’t come out unless you hear me or the police. Okay? Luke hesitates, then nods, staring as if dazed. He steps back behind the stack of barrels, disappearing from view. Anna quickly shifts one of the barrels, further hiding Luke.
85) 9) dialog: (whispering) I’1l come back for you. Anna turns and runs deeper into the dark maze. Anna turns a corner, then another. She finds herself facing a DEAD END. Hurriedly, Anna backtracks to her last turn, going the other direction, disappearing from view. On the other side of the maze wall from Anna, David walks deeper into the maze, turning corners, still holding the BLOODY BOX CUTTER in front of him. David speaks LOUDLY.
87) 2) dialog: You killed my parents. David blinks, shifting his weight almost imperceptibly.
88) 0) text: The fog parts as David falls heavily to the floor. He does not move. Anna steps from the mirror maze, the gun in her hand aimed down at David. The fog shifts back in, OBSCURING DAVID from view. Anna hesitates, then steps forward, WAVING her free hand in front of her, WAFTING the fog from her path. David is NO LONGER ON THE FLOOR in front of her. Anna spins around and is STABBED IN THE LEG with the box cutter BLADE. It tears into her flesh through her tights. She falls to the floor, YELLING in pain. David is crouched in the fog, the front of his shirt soaked with his BLOOD. He grins at Anna, his teeth bloody, then LUNGES FORWARD at her. Anna AIMS THE PISTOL at David. David KNOCKS IT ASIDE, gripping Anna’s wrist as she FIRES. The bullet hits the GRIM REAPER dummy in the corner of the room, knocking it over. It falls forward, onto a bale of HAY. Its LANTERN sends FLAMES out onto the hay. David WRENCHES the pistol from Anna’s grasp. It goes skittering across the floor, disappearing into the fog. David reaches out and GRABS Anna’s NECK with both hands. He tightens his grip, CHOKING HER. They struggle, both of them crouched in the fog on the dance floor, MUSIC BLARING. Anna CLAWS at David's hands as he compresses the arteries in her neck. She struggles, going to her knees, frantically trying to pull back his fingers. David exhales with exertion. Behind him, the bale of HAY is STARTING TO BURN, the flames filling the fog around them with FLICKERING LIGHT that illuminates David’s face.
88) 5) dialog: Thank you.
88) 7) dialog: Yeah. Are you? Luke nods. Anna regards Luke for a moment, then they make their way towards the dark maze leading to the front entrance. Behind them, the flames have ENGULFED the far wall, and the fire is BUILDING steadily. Luke supports Anna as she limps slightly, her arm across his shoulders.
89) 0) text: Anna and Luke stand near the back of an ambulance in the parking lot for the barn. Anna still has her arm across Luke’s shoulders. Behind them, the fire in the building appears to have been extinguished, SMOKE RISING from the building’s burnt portions. FIREMEN carry equipment to their trucks. The large parking lot is filled with black SUVs and police cars with LIGHTS FLASHING. At the back of the ambulance, a PARAMEDIC shines a light into Anna's eyes, then glances over at Luke.
91) 0) text: At the rear of the ambulance, Luke leans over and rests his head on Anna’s shoulder. Anna puts her arm around him. She looks around, surveying the activity around the smoldering building. As Anna watches, one of the masked fireman emerges from behind the building. He turns his head around in all directions, then looks over at Anna. Anna notices the masked fireman watching her. She blinks, tired, then turns away, staring out into the distance, at the dark night sky. Next to her, Luke closes his eyes. The masked fireman watches Anna and Luke for another moment, then turns and LIMPS AWAY, disappearing into the darkness of the field behind the building. FADE OUT.