22) 33) dialog: Hey, man, you want some?
22) 53) dialog: Fuckin’ awesome! David reaches down and picks up the photo he broke with Drew's head. It is a photo of Kristen as a teenager, ina cheerleader uniform. Kristen is staring at David breathlessly. David carefully picks broken glass out of the picture frame.
22) 61) dialog: There you guys are. Thought you’d left your own party, maybe found a better one. Craig offers the pipe to David while Kristen lights a cigarette.
22) 63) dialog: Cool. Hey, I wanted to say to you, man, we're not, like, hippies or anything. I wanted to say, I totally support what you guys are doing over there. You need anything here, you let me know. 41.
22) 65) dialog: I mean, like, I believe in what you guys are doing.
22) 67) dialog: Nah, I mean, like... I’ve got asthma, you know? Makes that kind of like...
22) 69) dialog: Oh no, cool. I mean, cool, I knew that. Kristen rises from the sofa, patting David’s arm.
22) 71) dialog: She’s fun, huh?
22) 73) dialog: (surprised) I mean, yeah, hell yeah. I can get youa gun. What do you need a gun for, man?
22) 75) dialog: Sure. I know a guy. It’ll be a few hundred though, more for something fancy. You got cash?
22) 77) dialog: Sure. I can set something up. Let me get your number. David pulls out a disposable cell phone.
22) 79) dialog: Perfect. Anna comes into the party from the hallway, followed by Zeke. They appear to be engaged in heated discussion.
31) 0) text: A pick-up truck is parked inside an abandoned rock quarry. Craig stands next to the truck, along with an older man, HIGGINS, who has tattooed hands. David walks down into the quarry, appearing over its horizon, carrying his rucksack. Craig and Higgins turn at his approach.
31) 26) dialog: Uh, David...
31) 29) dialog: Oh shit. Craig spins and starts RUNNING towards the quarry’s exit. David pulls the trigger on the revolver aimed at Higgins. The hammer hits an empty chamber. The gun CLICKS. Higgins grabs onto the small revolver he is aiming at David with BOTH HANDS-just as David pulls the trigger of his revolver a third time, SHOOTING HIGGINS IN THE FACE and BLOWING THE BACK OF HIS HEAD OFF. As Higgins’ body jerks back, David yanks the small revolver from his grasp. Craig is RUNNING AWAY in the distance, nearing the exit to the quarry, frantically scrambling up its slope. David aims the small revolver out, inhales, then slowly EXHALES. He shifts the gun so that it is pointed just slightly in front of Craig and PULLS THE TRIGGER. The gun FIRES. For a fraction of a second, nothing happens. Then the back of Craig’s head EXPLODES from the bullet’s impact and Craig falls to the ground, his dead body skidding through the gravel from its momentum. David regards the two corpses in front of him for a moment, then stands and wipes the small revolver clean on his shirt. He kneels and places it in Higgins’ hand, closing Higgins’ fingers around it multiple times. David turns around. He collects all of the handguns and bullets from the rock, placing them in his rucksack. David then climbs into the back of the pick-up truck to peer inside the aluminum box. The box contains two single barrel SHOTGUNS and an ASSAULT RIFLE, as well as boxes of bullets. David lifts these out. Beneath the assault rifles is a GRENADE. David looks at it. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS Anna lies on her bed, listening to music on her stereo. Her cell phone rings. She answers it.