2) 8) text: Luke and Spencer sit across from each other at the dining room table. Luke is eating breakfast cereal. LAURA PETERSON, Anna’s mother, enters the room with a travel mug of coffee, which she sets in front of Spencer.
2) 9) dialog: There you go.
2) 11) dialog: Do you know when Anna got in last night? I didn’t hear her. Spencer hesitates.
3) 0) text: Laura sits on the sofa, in front of the television. The TV set is on off and she is not looking at it, her gaze resting somewhere in the middle of the floor. The doorbell RINGS. Laura looks up, startled. She clumsily rises to her feet, straightens her clothing, then moves to the front door and opens it. The YOUNG MAN in army uniform who Anna saw running is standing on the porch, facing away from the door, as if surveying the front yard. He is still carrying his rucksack, his back to Laura. Laura gasps, her eyes widening. The young man turns to her, smiling politely. He is very good looking, in a boyish way, with very short blond hair. This is DAVID. David takes in Laura’s expression. He frowns, concerned.
3) 2) dialog: Yes, um, I’m sorry. I just... (trails off) Who are you? David extends his hand.
3) 4) text: I knew your son, Caleb. We served together. We were friends. Laura takes this in.
3) 5) dialog: Won’t you come inside?
4) 0) text: David sits at the dining room table, his rucksack on the floor next to him. His hands are folded on the table in front of him. He looks around the room with interest. From the kitchen, Laura calls out to him:
4) 1) dialog: Are you sure I can’t get you anything?
4) 4) dialog: How, um, how did you get here?
4) 6) dialog: But that must be at least twenty miles.
4) 8) dialog: You ran all that way?
4) 10) dialog: When did you, um, get out?
4) 12) dialog: You came here first thing?
4) 14) dialog: Why?
4) 16) dialog: No, I mean, why, um-
4) 18) dialog: (strained) Oh, really?
4) 20) text: He specifically wanted me to tell each one of you that he loved you and that he was thinking of you guys up until the end. I said I’d do that, so here I am. Laura nods slowly.
4) 21) dialog: Would you hold on a moment, please?
5) 0) text: In a small laundry area, Laura leans over the washing machine, SOBBING, a dish towel clamped tightly over her mouth to muffle the sound. After a moment, Laura straightens, as if trying to compose herself. She rubs her face with the dish towel.
6) 0) text: Laura enters from the hallway, her face dry but still flushed. David is no longer in the dining room. Laura looks around. David is standing in the front room, his rucksack on the floor next to him, in front of the mantle. He is looking over the photos of Caleb, surveying each one. Laura moves into the room behind David. He turns to her.
6) 5) dialog: No! David turns towards her, surprised.
6) 6) dialog: Um, Anna, Caleb’s sister, she works nights, so she sleeps late. But I’m sure she'd like to meet you. Won’t you stay a bit longer?
6) 8) dialog: I’m not. Please stay. It’s nice having you here and I’d like to hear more about... about you and Caleb.
6) 10) text: Both David and Laura are sitting on the sofa. Laura is smiling, listing to David tell a story.
6) 12) dialog: Oh no!
6) 14) dialog: There you are! Anna, this is David. David walks over to Anna, extending his hand.
6) 16) dialog: David just got discharged this week. He was friends with your brother. Anna politely takes David’s hand and releases it.
6) 23) dialog: What about your family? Are they in Louisville?
6) 25) dialog: Oh. I’m very sorry.
6) 29) dialog: Oh, no, no. You'll stay with us while you're here.
6) 31) dialog: Nonsense. We’d love to have you. We have plenty of room. Why... you could stay in Caleb’s old room. Anna stares at her mother.
6) 32) dialog: We insist.
6) 37) dialog: Let me show you your room. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - CALEB’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER The door to a small bedroom opens and Laura steps inside, followed by David, who surveys the room. The bedroom is adorned with sports posters and trophies, as well as a framed high school diploma. The bed is made. A stack of folded clothes rests on the floor. Laura looks quietly around the room.
6) 38) dialog: There are clean towels in the bathroom if you’d like to freshen up.
6) 41) dialog: Of course. I mean, it’s not like it’s going to any use. (blinks) It'll be a good thing for us. Laura exits the room, shutting the door behind her. David stands completely still, alone in the bedroom. He then slowly turns, looking around the room. 12. Caleb's old bedroom has a large window, through which trees in the front yard are visible. Power lines lead along the narrow road that passes the house. After a moment, David moves to sit on the bed. He sits without moving, looking straight ahead.
8) 0) text: Laura sits at the steering wheel of an SUV parked outside the high school. Teenagers boisterously cross the street in front of her vehicle, shouting at each other. 13. The passenger door opens and Luke climbs into the SUV, setting his backpack on the floor. He shuts the door after him and fastens his seat belt.
8) 1) dialog: Hey there. How was your day?
8) 3) dialog: Great. Laura starts the car and pulls away from the curb.
10) 0) text: Laura and Spencer stand in the hallway nearby, speaking intently in whispers.
10) 2) dialog: He’s in the photo of Caleb’s squad! It’s not like he’s some stranger!
10) 4) dialog: That is just great, Spencer. You know, what if Caleb had come back different? Spencer glares at Laura.
11) 0) text: Laura and Spencer's whispered conversation is just barely audible from the dining room, the words unintelligible. David and Luke sit at the table, as before. David looks towards the hallway as if Laura and Spencer's conversation is clearly audible to him.
11) 11) dialog: Dinner will be ready in an hour. Luke, you should do some homework. Luke rises from the table and exits. Laura smiles kindly at David, then moves into the kitchen.
16) 0) text: Dozens of students pour out of the high school at the end of the school day. Luke slouches among them, looking at the ground. Luke glances up, then stops when he sees DAVID SEATED in the driver’s seat of Laura’s SUV at the edge of the school’s parking lot. Luke looks around, then walks over and gets into the car. 21. 22. INT. LAURA’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS Luke shuts the passenger door, glancing over at David.
17) 0) text: Driving Laura’s station wagon, David FOLLOWS the pick-up from a distance, letting some cars get between them. INT. LAURA’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS Luke watches David drive with growing concern. David remains focused on the pick-up truck ahead of them.
19) 0) text: David pulls Laura’s SUV into the house’s garage, its automated door closing behind them. He and Luke climb out of the car. Luke winces, touching his head.
21) 0) text: Luke and David enter the front room. Laura and Anna are seated, Anna sketching in a notebook. Laura rises when she sees Luke holding the ice pack to his bruised face.
21) 1) dialog: Luke! What happened?
21) 3) dialog: Are you okay?! 32.
21) 5) dialog: What happened?
21) 7) dialog: Why were they picking on you?
21) 9) dialog: Is he alright?
21) 11) dialog: Did he get in any trouble with the school? The police didn’t...?
21) 14) dialog: Well. I’m relieved you were there. David smiles. Anna, looking annoyed, rises to her feet.
21) 16) dialog: Anna, can I talk to you for a second? 33. Anna looks at Laura, who pointedly gestures for Anna to join her in the kitchen. Anna exits into the kitchen with Laura. They converse in the kitchen in heated but barely audible whispers. David sits down on the sofa, his face settling into a blank mask. He stares straight ahead. Anna’s VOICE comes from the kitchen.
31) 32) dialog: Sure, sweetie, what’s going on?
31) 34) dialog: What? Why would you do that? 54. Anna starts to speak, but stops at the sound of the front door opening. Spencer's voice calls out:
31) 36) dialog: We're in here! Spencer enters the kitchen, looking pale.
31) 38) dialog: What-? Spencer, what is it?
31) 41) dialog: Oh my god! But that- That doesn’t make any sense. He was...
31) 43) dialog: Maybe one of them was like, dying of cancer or something?
31) 46) dialog: Oh! That’s... Laura trails off. Spencer nods and pours himself another whiskey. He glances towards the doorway.
47) 4) dialog: Oh my goodness. That shooting at the quarry?
47) 6) dialog: We just heard about that on the radio. Laura crosses quickly to Anna. 66.
47) 8) dialog: Zeke? Spencer sets down his book.
49) 4) dialog: Are you okay? Luke nods.
49) 7) dialog: Yes, that’s right.
49) 16) dialog: But... 75.
49) 31) dialog: I... I don’t...
50) 0) text: David and Laura walk up to Luke, who is still seated miserably in the secretary's office. David points at him.
50) 8) dialog: Oh. Certainly. David and Luke exit the secretary's office, out into the hall. Laura sits down in the seat Luke just vacated. The secretary glares at her. Laura does not notice.
52) 0) text: David drives Laura’s SUV, with her in the passenger seat. He is frowning slightly. Laura stares straight ahead, through the windshield.
52) 1) dialog: That was an... eye-opening meeting for me. I’m sorry I wasn’t of more help.
52) 3) dialog: I... I guess I just realized that I don’t know my own son very well. I haven’t been paying much attention to him. That he’s... homosexual... It doesn’t change anything, of course. 80. Laura looks to David for a response. David drives as if not really listening.
52) 4) dialog: I guess I should talk to Luke when he comes home. Make sure he knows he can tell us anything. That we’1ll love him no matter what. Do you think... do you think that’s a good idea? To talk to him?
52) 6) dialog: Yes. I think we haven’t been talking enough. (pause) I really have to thank you, David. I don’t know what we would have done if you weren’t here. Not just today, with Luke, but... everything. I’m very grateful.
53) 0) text: Laura, a clothespin held between her lips, hangs a white sheet out on a clothesline. Several more sheets and articles of clothing are already hung. David stands beside Laura, holding a laundry basket. He hands her a towel, the last item in the basket.
53) 2) dialog: Okay. Thank you, David. David nods and walks through the yard, towards the rear of the house, carrying the laundry basket. Laura clips the towel to the clothesline by its corners, straightening it. She then looks behind her. Two large, BLACK SUVs are pulling into the DRIVEWAY of the Petersons’ house. Laura regards this, puzzled. 81. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - LAUNDRY AREA - DAY -— CONTINUOUS David removes clothes from the washing machine, piling them into the laundry basket. David suddenly straightens, as if listening to something.
54) 0) text: Laura watches as the two black SUVs come to a stop in front of the house. The doors to both SUVs open and SEVEN MEN in MILITARY POLICE UNIFORMS climb out. The passenger in the first SUV is a weathered looking man; this is MAJOR CARVER. The seven men approach Laura, fanning out in their formation. She looks at them, confused.
54) 2) dialog: No, she’s working at the diner... I’m her mother. What’s she done? The Major shakes his head.
54) 4) dialog: (puzzled) That's right, she did. The Major nods to the man next to him, who hands him a manila envelope. The Major removes a PHOTOGRAPH of DAVID. In the photo, David is slightly younger, his head shaved on one side, and is wearing a hospital gown. He stares blankly into the camera. Major Carver shows the photo to Laura. He looks tired.
54) 6) dialog: Yes, that’s David. He- At that moment, David comes out from behind the house, carrying the laundry basked filled with clothing. David stops moving when he sees the seven men. The seven military policemen stare at David in wide-eyed shock, Major Carver's mouth agape. Then they all REACH FOR THE GUNS IN THEIR HOLSTERS, the DRIVER of the first SUV fumbling for his.
61) 0) text: David rises and runs through the front room, towards the kitchen, still carrying his duffel bag. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY -— CONTINUOUS David hits the kitchen floor, skidding to a stop near Laura, who is crouched, the cordless phone in her hands, dialing a number. David glances at Laura, then spins and yanks opens a drawer next to the kitchen sink. He pulls out a KNIFE, then snatches the phone from her hands, SHUTTING IT OFF.
61) 2) dialog: David, what-? What’s happening? Who are those men? Outside, the M249 machine gun remains SILENT. David holds one finger to his lips, HUSHING Laura. 86.
62) 0) text: The gunner M.P. RELOADS the smoking machine gun, chambering in another belt of ammunition. The gunner looks questioningly to Major Carver, who is watching the house intently. Major Carver holds up one hand, indicating for the gunner to wait. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY -— CONTINUOUS David slowly rises, peering out the kitchen window into the side yard. It is empty. He crouches back down next to Laura.
62) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
62) 4) dialog: What are you talking about? Why are those men here? They're trying to kill you?
62) 7) dialog: Did you... Did you even know my son? David's gazes up at the windows and doorways.
62) 9) dialog: He’s here in the kitchen! Help- David reaches out and STABS LAURA IN THE HEART. Laura stares down at the blade protruding from her chest. She then looks up at David, tears falling from her eyes.
64) 0) text: The gunner M.P. waits, holding the smoking M249 ready to fire. He scans the front of the house. The next instant, Laura’s SUV SMASHES OUT THROUGH THE GARAGE DOOR behind the gunner M.P., the car in reverse, its tires SCREECHING on the garage’s concrete floor. The garage door SHATTERS from the impact. The SUV, DRIVEN BY DAVID, SPINS BACK in the gravel driveway, its tires kicking up dirt, then LURCHES FORWARD. The gunner M.P. scrambles, trying to pivot the heavy M249 machine gun around as David FIRES a PISTOL at him THROUGH THE SUV WINDOW. David SHOOTS the gunner M.P. in the head. The gunner falls back over the wall, landing in the front yard, dead.
67) 0) text: Spencer looks out the windshield at Laura’s SUV speeding in his direction.
70) 0) text: Major Carver slowly drives the lurching SUV down the country road in pursuit of David. In the distance ahead of him, the wreck of Laura and Spencer's cars is visible. Another car has stopped near the crashed vehicles, its emergency lights blinking. Major Carver frowns, driving towards the accident.