2) 8) text: Luke and Spencer sit across from each other at the dining room table. Luke is eating breakfast cereal. LAURA PETERSON, Anna’s mother, enters the room with a travel mug of coffee, which she sets in front of Spencer.
2) 15) dialog: I told you, dad. I’m not interested in any of the girls at my school.
2) 17) dialog: Yeah. Spencer rises to his feet and kisses Laura on the cheek.
2) 19) text: Okay. Drive safe. Luke gets up from the table, shouldering his backpack.
2) 20) dialog: Bye, mom. Spencer and Luke exit through the front door. For a long moment, Laura stands in the suddenly quiet room, staring off into space. Then she blinks and begins collecting the used dishes from the dining table.
7) 0) text: A BELL RINGS and students flood the school hallway, moving to their lockers and exiting the school. Paper Halloween decorations line the walls, and a large orange sign at the end of the hallway reads: “SIGN UP FOR FALL DANCE - MAPLEWOOD BARN, OCTOBER 31st, HALLOWEEN NIGHT!” Luke carries his backpack slung across both shoulders, his thumbs in the straps. Up ahead, three older boys in football jerseys are laughing, two of them shoving each other. Luke lowers his head, looking at the floor as he walks forward. One of the boys, MIKE, a senior, notices Luke slouching towards them. He glances at his friends.
8) 0) text: Laura sits at the steering wheel of an SUV parked outside the high school. Teenagers boisterously cross the street in front of her vehicle, shouting at each other. 13. The passenger door opens and Luke climbs into the SUV, setting his backpack on the floor. He shuts the door after him and fastens his seat belt.
8) 2) dialog: It was good.
9) 0) text: Luke sits quietly across from David at the dining room table. They are alone in the room. Luke addresses David.
9) 1) dialog: You knew my brother?
9) 3) dialog: Oh. Thanks. David and Luke continue to sit in silence.
11) 0) text: Laura and Spencer's whispered conversation is just barely audible from the dining room, the words unintelligible. David and Luke sit at the table, as before. David looks towards the hallway as if Laura and Spencer's conversation is clearly audible to him.
11) 2) dialog: Yeah. They argue a lot.
11) 5) dialog: Yeah, I- I got hit with a football in gym class. I wasn’t paying attention.
11) 7) dialog: Yeah. Spencer walks into the dining room from the living room, his shoulders tense. He speaks with flat cheer.
13) 0) text: Luke is doing homework on the living room floor, papers spread in front of him. David sits cross-legged next to Luke.
13) 1) dialog: The sine is the angle of the ship’s anchor cable, so the cable is the hypotenuse, and what we need to find out is the distance down to the ocean bottom, so that’s the opposite. Do you see?
13) 3) dialog: Maybe. But it doesn’t take that much longer to just work it out for yourself. Spencer is seated in front of the television, drinking a beer. He glances over, watching David work with Luke.
13) 5) dialog: I guess so. I can give you an easy one.
16) 0) text: Dozens of students pour out of the high school at the end of the school day. Luke slouches among them, looking at the ground. Luke glances up, then stops when he sees DAVID SEATED in the driver’s seat of Laura’s SUV at the edge of the school’s parking lot. Luke looks around, then walks over and gets into the car. 21. 22. INT. LAURA’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS Luke shuts the passenger door, glancing over at David.
16) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
16) 4) dialog: I have lots of friends. David looks over at Luke.
16) 5) dialog: Just not, like, here. Like, online.
16) 7) dialog: Are we going?
16) 9) dialog: What are you waiting for?
16) 11) dialog: I got hit with a football.
16) 13) dialog: What are you going to do?
16) 15) dialog: Over there. David follows Luke’s gaze. A group of older students, including Mike, Ian and Jason, surround two pick-up trucks in the parking lot, one of their stereos playing loud music.
16) 17) dialog: Well, most of them give me a hard time. Those two guys, Mike and Ian, are the worst. Those guys are real assholes.
16) 19) dialog: Ian's the big one, Mike’s the guy with blond hair. David watches as one of the pick-up trucks is driven away by Jason. Mike and Ian climb into the second truck with their girlfriends.
16) 20) dialog: Can we go now?
17) 0) text: Driving Laura’s station wagon, David FOLLOWS the pick-up from a distance, letting some cars get between them. INT. LAURA’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS Luke watches David drive with growing concern. David remains focused on the pick-up truck ahead of them.
17) 1) dialog: What are you doing? 24. Up ahead, the pick-up turns into the parking lot of a small DIVE BAR. Jason’s pick-up truck is already parked in the lot.
17) 3) dialog: Yeah, this place will serve you if you’re on the football team.
17) 5) dialog: No.
17) 8) dialog: No.
18) 0) text: Luke hesitantly opens the door to the dark bar. It is nearly empty, manned by a lone BARTENDER. David sits alone at a table, facing the back of the bar, drinking beer from a bottle. The only other patrons are two OLDER MEN seated at the bar and a group of FOUR HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR GUYS, including Mike, Ian and Jason, who are gathered with an equal number of GIRLS their age in two booths. David looks up as Luke enters and waves him over.
18) 22) dialog: Are you, like, rich?
18) 27) dialog: Sure. Luke reaches forward and takes a small sip. He immediately sets the shot down, coughing.
18) 28) dialog: Ah! God! Luke reaches for his coke and takes several deep gulps, then sets it down. His eyes are watering.
18) 29) dialog: It's like hot peppers. You drink that?
18) 31) dialog: How do you do that?
18) 33) dialog: Uh... they look kind of annoyed. 28.
18) 35) dialog: Yeah. He was really good.
18) 37) dialog: Yeah. The guys at my school hate me.
19) 0) text: David pulls Laura’s SUV into the house’s garage, its automated door closing behind them. He and Luke climb out of the car. Luke winces, touching his head.
19) 1) dialog: Ow. I think I have a concussion. 31.
20) 0) text: Luke and David enter the kitchen. David crosses to the freezer, gathers a handful of ice cubes and drops them into a dishcloth.
20) 1) dialog: Should I go to the hospital?
20) 3) dialog: For, like, my brain.
20) 5) dialog: Oh. Okay.
21) 0) text: Luke and David enter the front room. Laura and Anna are seated, Anna sketching in a notebook. Laura rises when she sees Luke holding the ice pack to his bruised face.
21) 2) dialog: I got in a fight with some guys at school.
21) 4) dialog: Yeah, I’m fine. David helped me out. Anna looks over at David, seeing his bloody knuckles. Without looking at Anna, David puts his hands in his pockets.
21) 6) dialog: Some seniors were just picking on me. It happens.
21) 8) dialog: I don’t know. I’m going to my room, okay? Luke exits. Laura turns quickly to David.
38) 0) text: David and Luke sit out on the front stoop. In front of them, the two PUMPKINS have been placed on a layer of newspaper covering the concrete, along with two knives.
38) 2) dialog: First you make a hole at the top, so you can reach in and scoop all the guts out. Luke takes a steak knife and begins sawing a hole in the top of the pumpkin, with effort. David picks up a knife and starts to do the same. David then stops, examining the knife.
38) 4) dialog: Yeah. David sets down the steak knife he is holding, then removes a BUTTERFLY KNIFE from his pants pocket. Luke stares as David FLIPS the butterfly knife open. Using the gleaming blade, David easily cuts a hole in the top of his pumpkin.
38) 6) dialog: Do you carry that on you, like, all the time? 59.
38) 8) dialog: Why?
40) 3) dialog: Sure. David sets his pumpkin and the butterfly knife down on the kitchen table. He removes his jacket and tosses it onto a nearby chair in the living room. 61.
40) 5) dialog: Yeah.
40) 7) dialog: Yeah, okay.
40) 10) dialog: You’re giving this to me?
48) 3) dialog: You took a picture of David’s phone?
48) 5) dialog: So David knows the guy? Maybe it’s his uncle or something?
48) 7) dialog: So what do you need me to do?
48) 9) dialog: Yeah?
48) 11) dialog: Yeah. I got in trouble when I told dad about it. 72.
48) 13) dialog: Do you really think David killed Craig and that other guy? Anna steers the car down the country road.
48) 15) dialog: Okay. I’1l see if I can find anything. A lot of arrest reports are public record, I’1ll check those first.
49) 0) text: Luke walks into a full classroom. He moves down an aisle in between the rows of desks, his head lowered. Luke sits at an empty desk and immediately takes out his netbook, opening it to an internet browser. JASON is seated behind Luke. He has a BANDAGE over his NOSE and his face is BRUISED. Jason regards Luke balefully, then reaches and POKES LUKE WITH HIS PENCIL. Luke exhales but says nothing.
49) 5) dialog: I’m fine. The secretary addresses Laura.
49) 11) dialog: This kid called me a faggot, so I broke a yardstick on his face.
50) 0) text: David and Laura walk up to Luke, who is still seated miserably in the secretary's office. David points at him.
50) 2) dialog: That’s it?
50) 5) dialog: David? Can I talk to you for a second?
51) 0) text: David and Luke speak quietly, leaning up against a row of lockers in the deserted hallway. 78.
51) 1) dialog: So, she thinks you killed Craig. And she’s trying to make a case to the police, so they’1l let her boyfriend go.
51) 3) dialog: Yeah. David smiles, as if mildly amused.
51) 5) dialog: (shrugs) I don’t care. But that’s why she wanted me to check out that plastic surgeon in Florida. She wanted to know what the connection was there.
51) 7) dialog: To change your appearance. Like, the bones in your face. And maybe scar up your fingers so you don’t have prints. David stops smiling.
51) 8) dialog: I mean, at least that’s what I figured. I know you’re not really David Collins, I looked him up right after Anna said that. So, maybe you don’t want people to know who you are. A surgeon who would do that sort of thing is probably pretty rare. I mean, there’s probably rules against it. But that doctor, well, I guess he needs the money, so he’d do that kind of work.
51) 10) dialog: I’m not going to tell anyone about it. And no one will believe Anna. She doesn’t have anything against you. You killed dad's boss too, right? David says nothing, regarding Luke curiously. 79.
51) 11) dialog: I don’t care. I’m not going say anything.
51) 13) dialog: Because we’re friends. David blinks at Luke.
51) 14) dialog: Right?
51) 16) dialog: Okay. I just wanted you to know.
51) 18) dialog: I’m not sure. Her friend Kristen, maybe?
75) 0) text: Luke stacks BALES OF HAY in the corner of a dance floor, next to a GRIM REAPER DUMMY holding a FLAMING LANTERN. Luke’s cell phone RINGS in his pocket. Luke reaches into his pocket and takes out his small cell phone, looking at it.
78) 0) text: Anna and Major Carver emerge from the maze out onto the dance floor decorated with pumpkins and bales of hay. Dried leaves and a mirror ball hang from the ceiling. Luke and Mr. Lyles are standing near the center of the room. Luke is holding a broom.
78) 2) dialog: What’s going on?
80) 0) text: Pulling Luke, Anna RUNS across the spinning lights of the dance floor, which is filling with FOG. They race towards the dark maze that leads to the building’s entrance, GOTH MUSIC pounding around them.
82) 2) dialog: Anna, it’s just David. I don’t know what’s going on, but he wouldn’t hurt us.
85) 4) dialog: What? No way. Look, Anna, David was probably just after that army guy. Let’s just... Let’s go talk to him.
85) 6) dialog: No, he didn’t. You’re just saying that. Luke looks at Anna. She stares back at him with tears in her eyes. Luke stops smiling. 105.
85) 7) dialog: I... What? Mom and dad are...? Anna puts both her hands on Luke’s shoulders.
88) 6) dialog: Are you okay?
89) 0) text: Anna and Luke stand near the back of an ambulance in the parking lot for the barn. Anna still has her arm across Luke’s shoulders. Behind them, the fire in the building appears to have been extinguished, SMOKE RISING from the building’s burnt portions. FIREMEN carry equipment to their trucks. The large parking lot is filled with black SUVs and police cars with LIGHTS FLASHING. At the back of the ambulance, a PARAMEDIC shines a light into Anna's eyes, then glances over at Luke.
89) 2) dialog: Yeah. We’re fine. A volunteer FIREFIGHTER runs up to the paramedic.
91) 0) text: At the rear of the ambulance, Luke leans over and rests his head on Anna’s shoulder. Anna puts her arm around him. She looks around, surveying the activity around the smoldering building. As Anna watches, one of the masked fireman emerges from behind the building. He turns his head around in all directions, then looks over at Anna. Anna notices the masked fireman watching her. She blinks, tired, then turns away, staring out into the distance, at the dark night sky. Next to her, Luke closes his eyes. The masked fireman watches Anna and Luke for another moment, then turns and LIMPS AWAY, disappearing into the darkness of the field behind the building. FADE OUT.