29) 0) text: In a meeting room, a man in a black suit, MAJOR CARVER, sits at a long table across from three KPG EXECUTIVES in similar attire. One of them, HENDRICKS, is speaking.
29) 2) dialog: I can’t get into too many details, nor would you want me to. However, I can say- There is a KNOCK on the door, interrupting Carver. 48. The door OPENS and Austin leans in, holding the folder. He looks quickly at Major Carver.
29) 4) dialog: You’1l have to excuse me. Hendricks nods curtly. Major Carver exits the room.
30) 0) text: Major Carver walks alongside Austin down the hallway, rapidly perusing the contents of the folder.
30) 1) dialog: When did Fort Kenilworth receive this call?
30) 3) dialog: Have you I.D.ed the caller?
30) 5) dialog: Peterson...?
30) 7) dialog: Where is she?
30) 10) dialog: Get me on the next flight. If we need to charter something, do it. And I’m going to need some shooters.
30) 12) dialog: Make something up. No one outside of this circle can know that any of our subjects are still active, understood? If KPG gets any blowback on this, you and I will both be hung out to dry. Got that? Austin nods.
30) 13) dialog: Call me when you have a plane booked. Austin quickly turns and heads down the hall as Carver continues in the other direction.
48) 0) text: Major Carver emerges from an elevator into a dimly lit parking garage, carrying a small suitcase. He is holding his phone with his other hand, rapidly SPEAKING into it.
48) 1) dialog: I want every contractor within a hundred mile radius. I don’t care where they come from, KPG, ex-military or whatever. I need a team mobilized by the time I land. Major Carver briefly listens to the phone as he crosses over to his car.
48) 2) dialog: I‘ll give them the necessary mission specs in person. We can’t risk a leak on this. Major Carver hangs up the phone as he climbs into his car. He starts its engine and drives out of the garage. 71. INT. ANNA’S CAR - MORNING - THE NEXT DAY Anna drives. In the passenger seat, Luke examines her phone.
54) 0) text: Laura watches as the two black SUVs come to a stop in front of the house. The doors to both SUVs open and SEVEN MEN in MILITARY POLICE UNIFORMS climb out. The passenger in the first SUV is a weathered looking man; this is MAJOR CARVER. The seven men approach Laura, fanning out in their formation. She looks at them, confused.
54) 1) dialog: Excuse me, ma’‘am. Are you Anna Peterson?
54) 3) dialog: No, it’s fine, ma’am. Your daughter, she put in a phone call to Fort Kennilworth a couple of days ago asking about a man named David Collins.
54) 5) dialog: You wouldn’t happen to have seen anyone resembling this man, would you? Laura nods at the photo, frowning. 82.
54) 7) dialog: Get him! As the military policemen all STEP FORWARD, David drops the laundry basket and PULLS A PISTOL out from the back of his waistband.
54) 9) dialog: Get him! Don’t let him get away!
57) 0) text: Major Carver delivers covering fire through Anna's bedroom window while two of the M.P.s move to either side of the window. The remaining gunner M.P. loads an AMMUNITION BELT into the M249. Major Carver pauses in his fire, nodding to the two M.P.s at the house. One of the M.P.s steps into the window. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - ANNA’S ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS The M.P. climbs in through Anna’s window, his partner remaining outside, gun at the ready. The M.P. steps into Anna’s room, looking around. The room is SILENT except for debris and broken glass occasionally dropping to the floor. The M.P. holds up his hand and gestures forward, indicating for his partner to follow him inside. The second M.P. steps in through the window as the first M.P. shifts forward. There is the BOOM of a SHOTGUN BLAST and the first M.P.’s ankle EXPLODES. He crumples to the floor with a SCREAM and is promptly SHOT IN THE FACE, silencing him. The second M.P. pivots and opens fire with his automatic rifle, SPRAYING ANNA’S BED with BULLETS. As he does so, David SLIDES OUT from under the bed on his back, stopping right at the M.P.’s feet. David is aiming a PUMP-ACTION SHOTGUN UP at the M.P. David PULLS THE TRIGGER, hitting the M.P. in the side. The force of the blast lifts the M.P. off his feet, knocking him back OUT THE WINDOW.
58) 0) text: The M.P. falls to the ground directly outside of the window, blood flowing from his wound. He does not move. Major Carver turns to the sole remaining M.P., who is manning the M249 MACHINE GUN.
58) 1) dialog: Fire! The gunner M.P. OPENS FIRE, SPRAYING the outside of Anna’s room with SLUGS from the MACHINE GUN. 85.
62) 0) text: The gunner M.P. RELOADS the smoking machine gun, chambering in another belt of ammunition. The gunner looks questioningly to Major Carver, who is watching the house intently. Major Carver holds up one hand, indicating for the gunner to wait. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY -— CONTINUOUS David slowly rises, peering out the kitchen window into the side yard. It is empty. He crouches back down next to Laura.
62) 6) dialog: Just give yourself up! Come out with your hands empty and we won’t shoot you! 87. David looks down at the knife in his hand, touching its blade. Laura is staring at David with dawning horror.
63) 0) text: Major Carver turns to the gunner M.P.
63) 1) dialog: I’m going in. Give me fifteen seconds of cover, then hold. The gunner M.P. looks hesitant, but nods. Major Carver takes a step forward and the gunner M.P. RESUMES FIRING the M249 machine gun towards the house. Major Carver runs over to the side of the house, JUMPING IN through the shattered window of Caleb’s bedroom. 88. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - CALEB’S ROOM - DAY -— CONTINUOUS The sound of the M249 SHOOTING into the house’s hallway thunders through the house as Major Carver cautiously steps into Caleb’s room, looking around. The room has been mostly destroyed. Major Carver kneels down, checking under the bed, then rises. He moves out towards the hallway. The sound of the machine gun firing comes to an abrupt STOP. Major Carver goes still, listening in the SILENCE.
65) 0) text: David stomps on the gas pedal, driving forward on the Peterson’s driveway with one hand on the steering wheel. With his other hand, he POINTS the PISTOL out the driver’s side window, shifting his aim to the military SUVs. Two of the TIRES on both SUVs BURST, David hitting the two visible tires on each vehicle as he steers past them. David tosses the pistol into the passenger seat, puts both hands on the steering wheel, and ACCELERATES down the driveway. Through the back windshield, Major Carver is visible running from he house, AIMING A PISTOL at David. 89. Major Carver fires as David turns the vehicle down the driveway. The back window to the SUV EXPLODES just as David again hits the gas. David pulls the SUV out onto the road, DUCKING DOWN.
66) 0) text: Major Carver continues to FIRE at the SUV as it disappears around the bend.
66) 1) dialog: Fuck! Major Carver runs over to the driver's corpse in the yard and takes the keys from his pocket. He then runs over to one of the SUVs, climbs in it and starts the engine. The SUV begins driving in pursuit of David, slowly, LURCHING on its two FLAT TIRES. INT. LAURA’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS David quickly steers the SUV down the country road. SMOKE is rising from around the SUV’s hood. There is a BULLET HOLE in the front of the car, near its engine. David frowns at this, then looks up. Up ahead, another car appears. It is SPENCER’S CAR. David blinks. He reaches over and FASTENS HIS SEAT BELT.
70) 0) text: Major Carver slowly drives the lurching SUV down the country road in pursuit of David. In the distance ahead of him, the wreck of Laura and Spencer's cars is visible. Another car has stopped near the crashed vehicles, its emergency lights blinking. Major Carver frowns, driving towards the accident.
71) 0) text: Major Carver drives the lurching SUV over to the crashed vehicles. An ELDERLY MAN is standing by Spencer's car, looking in through his window. The elderly man’s CAR is in the road behind him, its emergency blinkers on. 91. Major Carver stops the SUV and climbs out of it. He walks over to the crashed vehicles. The elderly man turns towards him, his expression concerned.
71) 2) dialog: Military police. I need your vehicle.
71) 4) dialog: Are the keys in it?
72) 0) text: Anna is working at the diner alongside Kristen. She sets a milkshake down on the counter, then moves to clean off a table. The door to the diner SWINGS OPEN. Major Carver hurriedly strides into the diner. He surveys its patrons and employees, who all look back at him.
72) 1) dialog: Anna Peterson? Anna steps forward, puzzled.
72) 3) dialog: My name is Major Carver. Military police. I need you to come with me, please. 92.
72) 5) dialog: It’s about David, Ms. Peterson. He isn’t who you think he is. Anna hesitates, then sets down her cleaning cloth. Kristen steps forward, addressing Anna.
73) 0) text: Major Carver holds Anna’s door open for her. She climbs into the passenger side of the vehicle. He then gets in, starts the car and drives out of the parking lot. A few seconds later, another car drives into the parking lot. David is at the steering wheel. He brings the car to a stop in the middle of the parking lot. David climbs out of the new car. The inside of its windshield is SPLATTERED WITH BLOOD, but it is otherwise empty. David walks towards the diner.
74) 8) dialog: What? Okay. Copy. We’re on our way. Major Carver hangs up his cell phone. 94.
74) 10) dialog: We're going to the Maplewood Barn to get your brother. The police couldn’t send a car there. They’ve got their hands full.
74) 12) dialog: Yes. The soldier you know as David was one of the subjects of a medical experiment. His spine was damaged in combat, and even after surgery, he was in pain. He volunteered for a procedure that would turn off his pain receptors and allow him to consciously regulate the flow of adrenaline in his body.
74) 14) dialog: The idea being that if we could get soldiers to control their fear responses, push their adrenaline when they needed it, we’d lose less men. But it changed our subject. While we had him under study, he killed several people and escaped. He burned their bodies so it would confuse us; we thought he’d died in the fire initially. By the time we figured out what he’d done, the trail was cold.
74) 16) dialog: By all accounts, he was an ideal soldier, well liked by everyone. He was chosen in part for his empathy levels. I don’t know. If you didn’t have to feel guilt or sadness, would you choose to? (MORE )
74) 18) dialog: And if you didn’t, how would that affect your behavior? Anna blinks.
75) 5) dialog: Somebody attacked your diner right after we left it. Presumably our subject.
75) 7) dialog: Yeah. I’m sorry. It was called in as an explosion. I don’t know anything else.
75) 9) dialog: I don’t know. It’s possible that he’d leave some wounded to keep them busy. Anna stares at Major Carver.
75) 12) dialog: They’re both dead. He killed them both before we could stop him. I’m sorry.
75) 14) dialog: I’m sorry. Anna blinks, her eyes filling with tears.
75) 16) dialog: David has neurological conditioning, Ms. Peterson, designed to protect both him and the experiment. If he feels like his identity may be compromised, he’s programmed to clean up all loose ends. I doubt he could stop himself now even if he wanted to. It’s why we need to get you and your brother somewhere safe. Major Carver parks the car in front of the barn. Anna is staring straight ahead out the windshield. Her face is streaked with tears, but her expression is blank. Major Carver looks over at Anna.
75) 17) dialog: Do you want to stay here, or...? Anna‘s voice is flat.
75) 19) dialog: What is this?
76) 2) dialog: Goddammit! What in the hell? Mr. Lyles’ voice comes from within the building as Anna and Major Carver move quickly from the narrow hallway, into the next maze chamber.
76) 4) dialog: (calling out) Military police! I’m here for Luke Peterson. How do I get through this maze? There is a silence, then Mr. Lyles’ voice comes again.
78) 0) text: Anna and Major Carver emerge from the maze out onto the dance floor decorated with pumpkins and bales of hay. Dried leaves and a mirror ball hang from the ceiling. Luke and Mr. Lyles are standing near the center of the room. Luke is holding a broom.
78) 4) dialog: Who else is in here?
78) 6) dialog: (interrupting) Where are the lights controlled from? Mr. Lyles looks up at a loft overhanging the dance floor. It is dark; no one is visible. 100.
78) 8) dialog: We need to get out of here. Now. Where’s the back exit?
79) 2) dialog: Slow down. Major Carver, tensely holding his pistol by his side, looks back at Anna and Luke, who are following him. He moves after Mr. Lyles. Mr. Lyles’ reflections can be seen rounding another CORNER.
79) 4) dialog: Sir? Mr. Lyles turns and Major Carver's face is SPRAYED WITH BLOOD. Mr. Lyles’ throat has been SLASHED; his neck yawns open. Mr. Lyles crumples and falls to the floor, dead, as Major Carver raises his gun. He shouts to Anna and Luke:
79) 5) dialog: Run! Go out the other way! Go! Anna grabs Luke’s arm, turns and RUNS, heading back out through the mirror maze. A SHAPE moves in front of Major Carver in his reflections and he finds himself FACING David. David is holding a BLOODY BOX CUTTER. David's voice ECHOES through the maze.
81) 0) text: Major Carver drops to the floor of the mirror maze, clutching his arm. He rolls and tries to climb to his feet, but falls forward.
81) 1) dialog: You... you...
87) 0) text: David runs into the mirror maze, FOG FLOWING IN after him. He comes to a stop at its entrance, standing by Major Carver's corpse. Looking around, David can only see his reflections looking back at him, refracted by the broken glass of one of the mirrors in the corridor. David looks down and, with his foot, shifts around the FOG that covers the floor, revealing the pool of blood that surrounds Major Carver. Major Carver's GUN IS MISSING. David smiles slightly.