75) 1) dialog: Mr. Peterson, is that a cell phone? Luke turns. MR. LYLES, the teacher in charge of detention, is regarding him from nearby on the dance floor. He crosses to Luke. MR. LYLES (CONT’D) Didn't I tell you, phones off? Hand it over. You'll get it back after detention. Luke shrugs and hands Mr. Lyles his cell phone as it stops ringing. INT. ELDERLY MAN’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS In the passenger seat, Anna frowns, holding the phone to her ear, then speaks into it.
76) 3) dialog: Who’s in here? Major Carver shouts in response to Mr. Lyles:
76) 5) dialog: Left, right, right, left, left, right, left, then straight. Major Carver grunts and moves forward, followed by Anna. INT. MAPLEWOOD BARN - ENTRY MAZE —- BUTCHER ROOM -
78) 0) text: Anna and Major Carver emerge from the maze out onto the dance floor decorated with pumpkins and bales of hay. Dried leaves and a mirror ball hang from the ceiling. Luke and Mr. Lyles are standing near the center of the room. Luke is holding a broom.
78) 5) dialog: No one. It’s just the two of us. This is-
78) 7) dialog: Up there. There’s a DJ booth in the attic... Major Carver looks quickly around.
78) 9) dialog: Follow me. Mr. Lyles turns towards a corridor entrance leading out to the building’s rear exit. Major Carver moves after him, gesturing for Anna and Luke to follow.
79) 0) text: Mr. Lyles moves quickly into a MAZE OF MIRRORS, using a small FLASHLIGHT to illuminate their path. The mirrors reflect the flashlight’s BEAM in dozens of patterns, each wall of the maze giving off the illusion of infinite depth.
79) 1) dialog: It’s just this way... Mr. Lyles ducks around a corner, vanishing from view, although several of his reflections are still visible.
79) 3) dialog: Almost there now... Visible in the reflections on the walls around them, a DARK SHAPE steps out in front of Mr. Lyles, CROSSING IN FRONT OF HIM. The shape vanishes. Mr. Lyles goes silent. He takes a step back. 101. Major Carver, Anna and Luke round the corner, entering the same mirrored corridor as Mr. Lyles. He stands with his back to them.