62) 2) dialog: Imagine them calling me a suit, Warren?
62) 6) dialog: Tanqueray gin martini, straight up, forget the olive. (to Warren) Long time, Warren... (to the waiter) Forget the vermouth too. (back to Warren) «».goddamn, remember Miami...you managed to piss off the entire cast...Cubans...An~ gios...Colombians...DEA...Metro Dade Po- lice...even the vice president of the U- nited States...
62) 8) dialog: And that time in Washington we're waiting for the spin on the State of the Union and you get bored and go to Arlington and do a live feed on the Death of the Republic... (the waiter brings his martini) «sand chartered a helicopter to take you there, you crazy son of a bitch... (lifts his martini) -. good times... WARREN’S POV =~ GABE LAWRENCE, ANOTHER IBS VICE PRESIDENT speaking impatiently to the maitre a’, then going to the BUFORD SELLS (watching) Old Gabe Lawrence there, won't chow down unless he gets what he calis the A table. (a beat) You're looking for a job, aren’t you? (a beat) Shit, Warren, you and I did this once. Didn’t do ourselves any credit, either.
62) 11) dialog: You still got a nasty habit of calling a horse’s ass a horse’s ass. Some folks at our shop still don’t appreciate that... WARREN JUSTICE inclines his head toward Gabe Lawrence.
62) 12) dialog: You got it. Wasn’t Gabe on the pool with you for the Grenada invasion?
62) 14) dialog: The flossers are in charge now, Warren. I’m just the noble fucking savage they trot out at affiliates meetings... (breaks off) Your sources at the Pentagon still -geed? (Warren nods) Might ask then what’s up with the Southern Command. I hear sonething’s cooking again in Central America.
62) 16) dialog: The flossers declared denccracy the winner and pulled everybody out. (a beat) You went down on your own, you'd have the whole shooting match to yourself...
62) 18) dialog: Hell, I’m at least good for lunch...
100) 2) text: the head of the news division moves to greet her. There a two other men in the room, BUFORD SELLS and GABE LAWRENCE
100) 9) dialog: 
100) 12) dialog: You know, I worked with your husband. When Warren Justice... :
100) 14) dialog: ---teaches you the nevs business, you stay taught. ‘t nothing Warren can’t do, including get getting the fucks 2 walk back~ wi the Peabody Hote: Memphis ever tell you that story, Miz Atwater? - 121°
108) 0) text: watch the screens showing TOM ORR and WARREN and the grap BUFORD SELLS (softly) Sure did get those damn ducks to walk backward again, didn’t you, Warren. (leoks at Tally) Told you, he always could. He just didn’t always want to.
109) 8) text: composed and expressionless as her demo is frozen on all monitors. Behind her are BUFORD SELLS and MARK LINDNER.