14) 0) text: Anne opens the door to find an exhausted Gordy sitting on the floor with their four-year-old son, MATT. They're building a K'nex spaceship.
14) 1) dialog: Look what we made!
14) 5) dialog: That's a bad word.
14) 11) text: She feels Matt's forehead.    Gordy's done it already.
15) 0) text: Gordy holds Matt in his arms as water pours over them. It's the second child he's held in the last few hours. This one is his, this one is safe at home and unafraid: what a father wants for his child. We see the deep affection Gordy has for his son. He holds Matt tightly, skin to skin, and kisses the boy's wet head... Anne opens the shower door.       She's on the phone.
15) 7) text: She leads Matt out. Closes the shower door. Gordy sticks his face into the water. Looks back, finds... Two bare butts, Anne's and Matt's, are pressed against the shower door's foggy glass. OFF Gordy, laughing --
19) 0) text: Anne waits on the corner with Matt, playing with his spaceship. She checks her watch. It's five of twelve.
21) 7) text: Gordy reaches the corner. Sees Anne and Matt. Whistles. In b.g., behind Gordy, we see the cop get into a brown Ford.
21) 9) dialog: There he is.
21) 10) text: Matt waves.
23) 58) text: Phipps goes. Gordy looks over as the bodies of Anne and Matt are placed on gurneys and rolled away. Chalk outlines are all that remain of his family. Beat.
26) 0) text: A bagpiper plays "Amazing Grace." REVEAL Gordy holding Matt's small coffin as Anne's is lowered into the ground. Gordy's men are around him, along with many other NYFD personnel, family and friends. A second bagpiper farther away in the cemetery, picks up the song, begins playing it in a round with the first. Matt's coffin is taken from Gordy.    As it is lowered... A third bagpiper, farther away still, begins playing the song with the other two. One by one the first and second bagpipers finish their rounds, until there is just the third -- a haunting, mournful wail off into the distance. And then... There's only silence.
27) 0) text: Gordy stands at an open closet door. He leans in, buries his face in Matt's clothes and smells them. Smells his son.
31) 27) text: Over the course of a week: 1. Gordy takes pictures, etc., off a wall in his home. He pins up photos of Anne and Matt at the top of the wall. Beneath them he pins up a large map of Colombia.
34) 0) text: Art's sleeping. Gordy opens his locker. There are old pictures of Anne and Matt still taped inside. He glances at them quickly, then pulls out his tools.
54) 35) text: Finally, the father accepts, sits down with the sleepy boy on his lap. Nods his thanks at Gordy, who then gazes down at the son. A kid about Matt's age. Armstrong recognizes the look of a caring dad.
113) 11) text: Selena watches him another moment. Decides he's telling the truth. She reaches into a skirt pocket, then extends her hand toward Gordy. He looks up. She's holding the photo of Anne and Matt. Beat. Gordy takes the photo. Looks at his wife and son. Selena sits next to him. Another beat. Then, off the photo...
182) 10) text: Gordy's blind with rage. Chokes her neck hard. Summoning all the power in him, first to shut off her air and blood, and then to continue squeezing, relishing her every dying moment, until he's snuffed out the life of the person who took Anne and Matt from him. And...