44) 1) dialog: Sebastian? Mia and Sebastian look up, startled. A YOUNG MAN, 35, is standing next to them. Tall, fierce eyes. This is KEITH.
44) 4) text: This is Mia. Mia, Keith. (explaining to Mia)
44) 8) text: Great. You? KEITH
44) 10) text: Good for you. KEITH
44) 12) text: I'm good. KEITH
44) 13) text: You sure? It pays. Sebastian looks at Keith. A moment. SEBASTIAN
44) 14) text: I'm good. Keith almost smiles. Expected this. KEITH
44) 16) text: You bet. KEITH
45) 30) text: You mean Keith? He's the worst. MIA
47) 0) text: Sebastian enters. Keith's combo is assembled. It's a sign-up practice room in the West Valley. There's drummer, electric bassist, and trumpeter: COLE, MALCOLM a TOM. They're more polished in their looks than Sebastian. Well-groomed beards, tighter jeans.
47) 1) dialog: Sebastian. Sebastian approaches.
47) 2) dialog: Didn't know if I'd see you today.
47) 6) dialog: Here's the deal. We've got distribution with Universal, got our own imprint. We're about to go on the road. We can cut you in for 1K a week while we tour, plus an equal share of any merchandise or ticket revenue that comes in. Sound good? We see Sebastian's face. Taken aback.
47) 7) dialog: Sebastian?
47) 9) text: ...sounds good. A moment. Keith smiles.
47) 10) dialog: Let's play, see how it feels. He pulls out a guitar. Cole starts on drums. Keith joins Malcolm and Tom follow suit. Sebastian listens. It sounds modern jazz -- electronic in feel, but still jazz... Sebastian approaches the keyboard. Joins -- slowly, one s at a time. Then begins playing out a bit more, his finger starting to race. Malcolm gives Keith a look: "Damn". Kei gives Malcolm a look back: "I told you so." Bit by bit, Sebastian eases into the groove. This isn't so bad... Then -- Keith moves to a LAPTOP. Introduces a DRUM-MACHIN SAMPLE. Sebastian, into the music, is caught off-guard. Uneasy no This isn't him... Keith plays a riff on his guitar. Tom echoes it on bass, Malcolm on trumpet. Now it's Sebastian's turn. He hesitat And then -- finally -- he plays the riff... It doesn't feel so bad. The guys build on the riff. Sebas keeps up with them, trying to let go of his presuppositio After all -- these guys can play... The music builds, the whole thing swelling and finally
47) 12) dialog: I know. It's different. Sebastian stays silent. Then, leaning in --
47) 13) dialog: But you say you want to save jazz. How are you going to save jazz if no one's listening? Jazz wouldn't exist if people hadn't gotten tired of what they were listening to before. (then,)
47) 16) dialog: I get it. I got it wrong. Last guy wasn't as good as you. But you're a pain in the ass, man. Sebastian nods. Knows he can't argue with that. Another beat.
47) 17) dialog: If it's not your thing, just let me know. I don't want you uncomfortable and trying to change this into something it's not. But if you want it -- the job's yours. Sebastian looks at Keith. A moment. He's really weighing this. And on that -- his look of uncertainty -- we're --
48) 0) text: Sebastian and Keith hunched over paperwork. Sebastian sig
50) 0) text: The band rehearsing in their new PRACTICE SPACE. We see Sebastian play, see Keith sing this time...
56) 0) text: We MOVE IN on a laptop. On it a YOUTUBE video plays -- an interview with Sebastian, Keith and the rest of the band.
65) 0) text: Sebastian is on-stage. He's the only musician we can see. floor beyond the stage is FILLED with people. Among them, we spot Mia -- beaming with pride. Sebastian her, smiles to her as he plays a piano intro. Mia grins r back, heart swelling... A SECOND SPOTLIGHT turns on, illuminating Keith. He SINGS has a beautiful voice. Mia bobs her head. It's just Keith Sebastian right now, all acoustic, a simple, catchy tune. And then -- suddenly -- a DRUM MACHINE SURGES IN -- and - BOOM! The entire CLUB is lit up as the MUSIC EXPLODES. A fledged dance beat and a thick radio-ready electronic tra Mia is taken aback. But she keeps bobbing her head -- as crowd around her GOES CRAZY... Keith owns the stage, as Sebastian plays out more -- now switched to an electronic keyboard, complete with synth sounds. We recognize fragments of melody from when Keith Sebastian first rehearsed -- but the tune has been transformed beyond recognition. Not a hint of jazz... Keith breaks into the CHORUS -- and a TRIO OF BACKUP SING are revealed stage-left. The band surges into the song's bridge -- and BACKUP DANCERS appear stage-right, scantily clad. And then -- the lights go NUTS. It's a full-out LIGHT SHO now, shafts of red, blue, green and orange cutting throug the dark. The crowd starts CHEERING, pumping their fists. Mia looks at Sebastian. He's not fighting any of this. He sees her. She smiles. But something is changing in her expression... She looks at the lights, the singers, the dancers, Sebast and his bandmates in matching magazine-cover-ready outfit She looks at the crowd around her -- their hollers growin more and more frenzied as Sebastian launches into a prolo SOLO... Revision                          51.
72) 2) dialog: You good for tonight, right?
72) 3) text: Sebastian stops. Looks at Keith.
72) 5) dialog: Seven. The photo shoot. (reading Sebastian's face, adding --) Mojo.
72) 8) dialog: No. It's tonight.
72) 10) dialog: Is that ok?
108) 0) text: Next, Keith approaches Sebastian at the Lighthouse -- but Sebastian immediately shakes his head "no".