18) 7) text: She slips away. Presses toward the bar. The music gets lo more obnoxious. She peers toward the band to get a look.. And then she sees him. Sebastian. Playing keyboard-guitar for the band. Dressed up like his mates in a bright polyester outfit. And hating every seco The band finishes, and the SINGER addresses the (thin) cr
18) 8) dialog: Alright, one more for y'all before we break. Do I hear any requests?
18) 10) dialog: "I Ran" it is. (to Sebastian)
18) 12) dialog: I walked along the avenue...
19) 14) text: Oh, you're a barista. Well now I see how you can look down on me from all the way up there. SINGER
19) 15) text: (popping in from nowhere) Sebastian. Second set. Sebastian looks at Mia. She smirks. Pleased. The Singer w off. SEBASTIAN
19) 23) dialog: Never seen you lookin' so lovely as you did tonight...
65) 0) text: Sebastian is on-stage. He's the only musician we can see. floor beyond the stage is FILLED with people. Among them, we spot Mia -- beaming with pride. Sebastian her, smiles to her as he plays a piano intro. Mia grins r back, heart swelling... A SECOND SPOTLIGHT turns on, illuminating Keith. He SINGS has a beautiful voice. Mia bobs her head. It's just Keith Sebastian right now, all acoustic, a simple, catchy tune. And then -- suddenly -- a DRUM MACHINE SURGES IN -- and - BOOM! The entire CLUB is lit up as the MUSIC EXPLODES. A fledged dance beat and a thick radio-ready electronic tra Mia is taken aback. But she keeps bobbing her head -- as crowd around her GOES CRAZY... Keith owns the stage, as Sebastian plays out more -- now switched to an electronic keyboard, complete with synth sounds. We recognize fragments of melody from when Keith Sebastian first rehearsed -- but the tune has been transformed beyond recognition. Not a hint of jazz... Keith breaks into the CHORUS -- and a TRIO OF BACKUP SING are revealed stage-left. The band surges into the song's bridge -- and BACKUP DANCERS appear stage-right, scantily clad. And then -- the lights go NUTS. It's a full-out LIGHT SHO now, shafts of red, blue, green and orange cutting throug the dark. The crowd starts CHEERING, pumping their fists. Mia looks at Sebastian. He's not fighting any of this. He sees her. She smiles. But something is changing in her expression... She looks at the lights, the singers, the dancers, Sebast and his bandmates in matching magazine-cover-ready outfit She looks at the crowd around her -- their hollers growin more and more frenzied as Sebastian launches into a prolo SOLO... Revision                          51.