43) 2) text: Containment Squad strong-arms, BREUNING and CARLISLE pause as they pass.
43) 3) dialog: Ready to go, Bud?
57) 0) text: Bare.  A table and chair bolted to the floor.  A tough FLAT-NOSED GANGSTER is cuffed to the hot seat.  On the table are a .45 and a fat roll of $100 bills. Breuning and Carlisle watch as Bud White delivers a couple of short, stiff body shots.  Flatnose is not used to being on the receiving end.  All the same, we get the idea Bud's a bit reluctant. Bud's back is to Dudley and Exley who enter behind him.
71) 7) dialog: What the fuck are you guys doing here?
71) 14) dialog: Fuck you, Vincennes.  It's our collar.
72) 0) text: Breuning and Carlisle lead the way with Jack and Exley bringing up the rear.  Squinting, Exley reaches to his pocket for something.  Not there.
72) 9) dialog: Ace him, Jack.
77) 2) text: A few cops mumble they haven't.  As Exley decides what to do, Carlisle from the original arrest steps over.
77) 3) dialog: Is something up, Lieutenant?
77) 4) text: EXT.  1ST &amp; OLIVE - DAY Exley and Carlisle pull up across the street from a four-story Victorian with paint peeling off the clap- boards.  They jump out of the car toting SHOTGUNS. Carlisle waits as Exley checks the mail slots: "R. Navarette, 408. "
78) 0) text: Exley and Carlisle take the steps two at a time.
79) 0) text: Exley squints, reaches to a pocket.  No glasses.  He passes an elevator, rounds a corner.  There's 408.  Exley pumps the shotgun, nods to Carlisle who kicks the door in.
79) 3) text: Fontaine and Navarette raise their hands.  A jostled BEER BOTTLE CRASHES to the floor.  Reacting, Carlisle JERKS the TRIGGER.  Fontaine goes down. Navarette draws a .38, SHOOTS Carlisle twice in the chest.  Exley BLASTS Navarette. Screaming, Jones pulls a .45 from his belt.  Exley FIRES, blowing him right THROUGH the WINDOW. Coates draws and FIRES, makes a run for it.  A bad pull takes out half a back wall.  Coates is out the door.
143) 10) text: As Breuning and Carlisle move in...