15) 0) text: December 24th.  Wendell "BUD" WHITE, 30, stares at the enormous Christmas tree on the deco platform over Bullocks' entrance.  An LAPD cop, Bud's rep as the toughest man on the force has been well earned.  In the back seat, with cases of Walker Black and Cutty Sark, is Bud's partner -- DICK STENSLAND.  Older, but also a tough hump, "Stens" sucks on a pint of Old Crow. The passenger door opens and Mickey Cohen bodyguard Johnny Stompanato slides in.  Guinea handsome, Johnny wears his curls in a tight pompadour.  With his boss behind bars, he's out of work.  Bud just stares at him.
29) 5) text: More cops vocie their agreement.  Bottles are passed. Only Bud doesn't seem as caught-up as the rest.
31) 6) dialog: They got the spics who japped Helenowski and Brown.  Helenowski lost an eye and Brown's got brain damage.
34) 6) text: Cops block Exley's way.  As Bud looks over, Garcia kicks him in the balls.  A dangling shot.  Bud keels into the bars, Garcia stumbles out of the cell, smack into Jack. Jack looks down aghast at blood on his cashmere blazer, then puts Garcia down with a left-right. Exley pulls a pad of paper and pen form his pocket.
49) 0) text: Accompanied by Bud, Dick Stensland crams the contents of his desk into a box.  Well-wishing cops pat him on the back, offer words of encouragement, but Stensland looks like he's going to cry. It's very bad timing as Exley enters, comes face-to-face with them.  This is hatred. Acting on impulse, Bud goes after Exley.  It's a mauling. Four vicious body shots.  A potentially lethal head shot sails wide as Exley falls to the ground. As four men move to hold Bud back, Exley looks up at him.
49) 5) text: Four cops are genuinely having trouble holding Bud back. Dudley watches with something bordering on admiration.
55) 6) text: A FORENSICS COP approaches Pinker.
57) 13) text: Exley dives for cover, but the other four cops just stand there.  Dudley looks down on the floor at Exley.
75) 5) text: Bud starts away, but Exley gets right in his face.  Other cops begin to take notice.  The ambulance pulls out.
75) 9) text: Bud goes after Exley, but ten hands pull them apart. Dudley on Exley.  Four cops genuinely having trouble on Bud. And as if things couldn't get crazier, shouts from the cops on the street.  POLICE RADIOS CRANKED UP.
77) 2) text: A few cops mumble they haven't.  As Exley decides what to do, Carlisle from the original arrest steps over.
109) 0) text: Ray Pinker looks up from his microscope as Bud enters.