13) 17) text: What is this, then... ? BALTUS VAN TASSEL, 45, has entered, a working-class aristocrat.  LADY VAN TASSEL, 40, stands behind, a mix of home-spun wife and well-kept lady.
13) 18) dialog: Can I help you, sir? Ichabod's relieved to have a proper focal point.  Childre gather around Katrina and hide behind her.
13) 21) dialog: (nods, looks to Katrina)
14) 0) text: DOCTOR LANCASTER, 50, dour and always sweaty, takes a sea the fire, joining Baltus and three other elders.  A prett servant, SARAH, brings a pipe cradle while Lady Van Tasse sets down food.  Ichabod is standing.
14) 1) dialog: That will be all, ladies. (waits as they exit)
14) 3) dialog: I myself am in charge of financial matters and the regulation of currency in our commonwealth.  And, lastly, this fine fellow is James Hardenbrook, our Notary. HARDENBROOK is oldest, ancient, with one eye pale and bli
14) 15) dialog: You have not been well informed of our troubles, sir.  If you would... Baltus gestures for Ichabod to sit.  Baltus lights his pi
14) 16) dialog: The Horseman... he was a Hessian mercenary, sent to our shores by German princes to help keep Americans under the thumb of England.  However, unlike his compatriots who came as muscle in trade for currency, he came willingly.  For love of carnage.
14) 18) text: He was infamous for taking his horse, Daredevil, hard into battle... chopping off heads at full gallop. He dismounts, hoisting a battle axe.  With sword and axe, annihilates.  Blood gushes.  Bones crack. BALTUS (v.o.)
15) 2) dialog: But, only recently has the Headless Hessian been seen prowling the Hollow, in search of a head to suit his shoulders.
15) 6) text: When a goblin leaps from the nether world, others follow.  Poltergeists of the air, water and earth follow and cheer his desecrations! Hardenbrook BANGS his cane on a table.  Baltus puts a cal hand on senile Hardenbrook's shoulder.
15) 10) dialog: Many have.
23) 0) text: ... TOLLS.  Ichabod bounds out to the lawn, halting to listen.  Katrina and Baltus come out on the porch.
23) 1) dialog: Constable, where are you going!? ... TOLLS... TOLLS... then, SILENCE.  Ichabod chases away
23) 2) dialog: Come back, sir... (watches him go)
23) 3) text: Madness. Baltus ushers Katrina back in.  The door slams.
26) 0) text: Baltus and a large, DULLARDLY MAN ride.  Behind, Ichabod rides with Magistrate Philipse. Ichabod is not adept at riding his old nag, Gunpowder.
27) 0) text: Brom and Baltus stand at a HORSE'S CORPSE amongst jagged boulders.  The flesh has been stripped, guts exposed. Philipse and Ichabod arrive and dismount.
27) 1) dialog: Was this Jonathan's?
27) 4) dialog: Must have been the Redman.  A Lenape Indian lives in the Western Woods.
31) 0) text: Ichabod comes out.  KILLIAN, a dashingly rustic man, carr his son, THOMAS, 5, and chats with Baltus.  Doctor Lancas peers off at something through a SPYGLASS.
31) 1) dialog: Hail, Constable.  How are you?
31) 13) dialog: If you gentlemen will excuse the doctor and I... we have financial matters to discuss. Ichabod and Killian nod as Baltus and Lancaster head in.
77) 8) text: Like an echo, she should speak only when spoken to, and unlike an echo, should never try to have the last word, or, at least that is what he believes. Baltus comes out the door, irritable, skillet in hand.
77) 9) dialog: Constable... did you notice anything out of the ordinary during the night? Ichabod eyes the skillet, ill at ease, trying not to be.
77) 11) dialog: Sarah has gone missing... my servant girl.  Her things are gone.  Damn it. She has joined the migration out of town. (to Lady Van Tassel) 
117) 3) text: And it now belongs to you, according to Baltus.  I heard him say it.
117) 17) text: Baltus Van Tassel.
125) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath enter, shutting the door.  Icha walks to shelves at Baltus' desk, looks through ribbon bo DOCUMENTS and hands some to Masbath. Young Masbath pulls off the ribbon, pages through these " AGREEMENT" parchments.  Ichabod brings another pile.
135) 16) dialog: Constable, it is urgent that we speak.
136) 0) text: Baltus leads Ichabod to the porch.
136) 1) dialog: Clergyman Steenwyck is calling a meeting.  This time he is determined to have you forced out, or worse.
136) 3) dialog: He came to me.  He promised great violence.  Said I should cast you out for my own protection. (troubled pause)
136) 5) dialog: That is the meeting bell already calling.  With the murder of Killian and Brom, no one sees any good from you.  If... if you were to leave... you might be saving your own life. Ichabod studies Baltus, then offers his hand.  They shake
141) 0) text: Raining hard.  Baltus and Lady Van Tassel ride.
141) 1) dialog: Hurry along.  The meeting has most certainly already begun.  We do not want Steenwyck as our enemy. Lady Van Tassel trails.  WOOD is HEARD SPLINTERING... Just off the road, a tree falls... The trunk catches Lady Van Tassel's horse on its rear fla The horse falls.  Lady Van Tassel hits the dirt. Baltus looks back, halting. Lady Van Tassel looks up to Baltus in fear, then turns. Behind her, the Headless Horseman trots from, the forest Daredevil, stops.  Calm.  He takes his axe in hand.
142) 24) dialog: The Horseman is coming! He's barely hanging on.  He stops, practically falling of running towards Katrina and Ichabod.
142) 25) dialog: Save me...
142) 27) dialog: He killed her... Baltus grasps Katrina, fearful.  HOOFBEATS are HEARD.
142) 28) dialog: The Horseman has killed her. Far behind, the Horseman rides to follow, axe held up. Instant mayhem -- people scatter all directions, screamin Baltus runs headlong to the church.
143) 0) text: Baltus makes his way in, shoving.  People are still clamo in through the doors. Men pass rifles from stockpiles and climb onto pews at boarded windows.  Women herd children into a cellar. Baltus searches for a hiding place.  He looks across the church to see Steenwyck closing the doors of his living quarters.  Baltus moves...
143) 1) dialog: Steenwyck! At the front doors, Katrina squeezes in with Ichabod and Young Masbath just as people are forcing the doors closed It's madness.  People outside begin pounding. Katrina searches.
145) 0) text: Ichabod comes away from the window, looking to panicked citizens.  He sees Katrina moving up the aisle... She's heading towards Baltus, who slams against the door Steenwyck's room.
145) 1) dialog: Damn you, Steenwyck!  Help me! Let me in! RIFLES BOOM LOUDLY as men at the windows begin firing.
147) 0) text: Rifleman shout to each other, running to the opposite win to follow the Horseman. Young Masbath grabs a rifle and leaps to join the brigade Baltus is still beating Steenwyck's door when a HUGE FARM grips Baltus angrily and throws him...
149) 0) text: The huge farmer shoves Baltus to the floor again.
149) 6) dialog: No!  Get away from me!
151) 0) text: Baltus holds everyone's back with the pistol.
151) 1) dialog: The next person to lay hands on me will have a bullet.  Stand off!
151) 3) dialog: No!  We're safe here. (points at Ichabod) 
151) 4) text: You said it.  The Horseman will not have me. CRASH, the harpoon-like post SPEARS through a window, trailing rope tied to it... CRACK -- SKEWERS Baltus from behind, the bloodied point bursting out his breast bone. Baltus looks down, drops the gun... clutching the post wi both hands.  Blood streams out his mouth.  Katrina scream The rope yanks Baltus back.  He SLAMS into the WINDOW...
152) 0) text: Baltus CRASHES out, hits the ground, dragged... Outside the fence, Daredevil runs with the rope tied arou his saddle pommel.  The Horseman strides forward, sword o Baltus SLAMS the fence and the rope snaps.  He is held th awkwardly, gurgling blood. The Horseman reaches Baltus... chops off his head.
179) 11) text: I mean, there I was that fateful day, following Baltus into the woods.  I did not know what he was up to... where he was going.  I worried for his safety. Katrina cautiously moves the hand she's supporting hersel with, feels a rock and clutches it.