13) 0) text: MANY CHILDREN, in a circle, taunt a BLINDFOLDED YOUNG WOM spun round by the handsome, barrel-chested man, BROM VAN BRUNT.  A few YOUNG MEN and LADIES watch.  Brom releases woman.  Everyone quiets and avoids her searching hands.
13) 2) dialog: Be a sport and stop complaining. The woman moves to Brom's voice.  He backs away, flanked peers GLENN and THEODORE.  Children laugh. Ichabod enters, clearing his throat.  No one notices.  Th blindfolded woman keeps grasping.  One LITTLE GIRL sees Ichabod and goes to him, finger to her lips.
13) 8) dialog: Certainly not.
13) 13) dialog: We haven't heard your name yet, friend.
13) 15) dialog: You need some manners.
16) 10) text: Brom.  Look after him, will you? Brom steps up, nodding.  Jonathan kisses his son's cheek, then heads to the rope ladder.  Men pat him on the back.
27) 0) text: Brom and Baltus stand at a HORSE'S CORPSE amongst jagged boulders.  The flesh has been stripped, guts exposed. Philipse and Ichabod arrive and dismount.
27) 2) dialog: Yes.  Seems he panicked across here and broke two legs.
27) 6) dialog: There's only one Lenape.  He eats small animals and lost children... and the occasional constable when he can get it. Brom rides.  Ichabod goes to the dead horse, digs in his satchel for a thin iron tool, which he uses it to pry off HORSESHOE.  A WHISTLE is HEARD O.S. Everyone looks far ahead to where Van Ripper has ridden. doctor and others are there.  Van Ripper waves.
28) 3) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
28) 6) dialog: Never.  A shoe that size I would have remembered. Ichabod starts to fill the print with plaster.
48) 0) text: The Lenape Indian hangs dead in a tree, lynched.  TOWNSFO are gathered.  Ichabod makes his way through, followed by Young Masbath, looking up. BROM (o.s.)
48) 1) text: We do not need you, Constable... Brom strides towards Ichabod from a group of men spreadin sheet under the tree.  Van Ripper's there.
48) 2) dialog: The men who did this have been taken. We do not need you here. Brom points to where TWO FILTHY MEN in chains sit in a horse-drawn cart.  An armed man guards them.
48) 4) dialog: They spend two days in chains.
48) 8) dialog: Looks like an Indian. Van Ripper cuts the noose rope at the trunk.  The Lenape corpse free falls, landing hard. The Lenape lies in a heap on the sheet.  Van Ripper and others come to lift the sheet with the Lenape in the midd Ichabod watches, noticing... The Lenape wears a WOVEN PIECE of REED GRASS a cord on hi loin cloth, twisted in a pattern.
71) 3) dialog: Let them go (pointing) 
71) 6) dialog: Only for the moment.
71) 8) dialog: No.  I agree he has only made matters worse.  But, that will change, if you listen. He trades with Theodore, pistol for a long rifle.  Brom h the rifle, taking a round slug from his pocket.
71) 9) dialog: Theodore, Glenn and I offer to ride each day and night to watch over the Hollow.  We will stalk the border of the Western Woods and haunt the Horseman for a change, with rifles like this... and slugs like this... Brom brings the slug to his lips, blows.  It WHISTLES.
71) 10) dialog: Hollowed out and filled with powder. Brom smiles at Katrina, who watches unimpressed.
71) 11) dialog: Constable Crane is not the only one who fights with science on his side.
71) 13) dialog: You must have missed your mark.
71) 15) dialog: (to the crowd) 
71) 16) text: I say... if the Horseman is solid enough to take the lives of our people, he's solid enough to feel this... Brom aims the rifle at a BARREL down the road.  FIRES. PLUNK -- the barrel is hit -- EXPLODES.  Smoke wafts.
87) 0) text: A black horse runs, hooves pounding the ground.  THUNDER HEARD.  The horse slows and stops... it is Brom's horse, Brom aboard.  Brom looks skyward. The storm harshens, roaring through the trees.  Distant HOOFBEATS can be HEARD.  POUNDING. Brom takes his rifle off his shoulder.  The HOOFBEATS gro LOUDER and PASS, far away.  Brom turns in the saddle and WHISTLES.  He kicks his horse and rides.
107) 0) text: Brom rides from the forest, charging across Killian's fie At Killian's house, Daredevil rides up as the Headless Horseman walks out with his sack of heads.  The Horseman the sack to the saddle and leaps up. Brom puts his reins in his mouth, raising his rifle. The Horseman heads away, past the barn, as Brom gains. Brom aims... FIRES! BOOM -- the slug EXPLODES, blowing the Horseman off Daredevil.  Daredevil keeps going.  The Horseman's smolde body is left "face down." Brom halts his horse.  He climbs down, pleased. The Horseman moves. Brom backs away, satisfaction diminishing. The Horseman gets on his knees. Brom falls to one knee, begins reloading.  He fills the g from his powder horn. The Horseman stands, unsheathes his sword and turns.  The blast has blown apart his uniform at the chest and should exposing rotten flesh and maggot-infested muscle. Brom readies his ramrod, jamming powder in the barrel. The Horseman charges. Brom stands, pulling out the ramrod.  The Horseman is on Brom swings the rifle, blocking.  Sparks fly. The battle is on, with Brom fending off the Horseman's sw with the gun -- CLANK -- CLANK -- CLANK. ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod and Gunpowder break into the op UP THE FIELD, the Horseman makes a backhanded swing.  Bro goes down, his rifle sent flying. Brom rolls to avoid as the Horseman slashes. Brom flees.  The Horseman pulls and throws a knife... THWAP -- the knife imbeds in Brom's thigh. The Horseman runs towards Brom. Ichabod closes in, pulling an unlit lantern off his saddl Brom tries to get up, bends to extract the knife. The Horseman, mid-run, changes his sword grip, blade down He plants one foot on Brom's back, raising his sword, abo to skewer... Ichabod arrives full gallop, SMASHES the lantern into the Horseman -- knocking the Horseman off Brom. AT THE EDGE OF THE FOREST, Theodore and Glen arrive on horseback.  They hold a moment, watching. Brom runs, limping, to the barn, goal in sight: farm implements propped there.  Brom grabs SCYTHES with long curved blades, one in per hand. The Horseman rises. Ichabod turns Gunpowder and leaps off, runs to Brom. The Horseman moves towards them, hefting a battle axe in free hand.  Ichabod steps up, pistol aimed, furious.
107) 2) dialog: We cannot win this. They head towards the forest. Behind, the Horseman extracts the sickle, throws it.  He strides after them, picks up his axe on the way.
108) 0) text: Ichabod and Brom stumble down a hillside.  Brom points.
108) 1) dialog: There... They run to a DOCK at the edge of a wide, rapid river.  T jump into a FLAT BOAT barge.
108) 2) dialog: Go to the front and guide it. Ichabod goes.  Brom uses a scythe to slash the ropes. Ichabod picks up a GUIDE POLE.  The barge lurches, set fr Ichabod struggles to push the boat out.  it moves swiftly caught in rain swollen current. Brom looks back.  No Horseman.  He leaves the scythe and moves to the front, hefting another pole to help guide.
108) 3) dialog: Let's see him catch us now. Ichabod looks to the shore.  Horror.
108) 5) dialog: We'll pass right by the son of a bitch. Ichabod and Brom push with the poles, trying for speed. At the bank, the Horseman walks directly to the water... Just as he takes a step onto the water, the rain churned surface TRANSFORMS -- instantly BECOMING a SHEET of ICE.. SPREADING and supporting the Horseman as he advances. ICE SHOOTS OUT ahead of him, towards a point in the river where it will intercept the barge.
108) 6) dialog: My Christ... The Horseman's ICE BRIDGE engulfs the barge, HALTING IT. Ichabod and Brom are thrown.  The barge is trapped. The Horseman nears. Brom runs to the rear to retrieve his scythe.  Ichabod ho up the only weapon he has, his guide pole. The Horseman steps on board.  Ichabod swings.  The Horsem axe cracks the pole in half... The Horseman thrusts with sword -- into Ichabod's chest - clean through.  It SIZZLES as Ichabod screams. The Horseman lifts Ichabod up, flips him, pulling the swo out as Ichabod goes... SMASHING through the ice and under. UNDERWATER: water carries Ichabod, slams him against ice above. He's pulled down by undertow. ABOVE WATER, beyond the edge of the ice bridge: Ichabod c up, gasping, choking on rain. He treads water, looking to the barge.