14) 0) text: DOCTOR LANCASTER, 50, dour and always sweaty, takes a sea the fire, joining Baltus and three other elders.  A prett servant, SARAH, brings a pipe cradle while Lady Van Tasse sets down food.  Ichabod is standing.
14) 5) dialog: Excuse me?
14) 7) dialog: I was afraid of this. Philipse shoots a look to Baltus.  Angst amongst the elde
15) 7) dialog: No one knows why he chose to now to climb out from his grave.
28) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster stands with SEVERAL ARMED MEN.  A coffin a cart is covered by a blanket. Ichabod is crouched nearb
28) 2) dialog: To place it inside its coffin. Ichabod, nods, vaguely annoyed.  He puts the horseshoe in hoofprint in the dirt.  It fits. Ichabod rises, walks, studying the ground, kicking up lea Brom, Van Ripper, Baltus and Philipse watch. Ichabod finds a deep hoofprint.  Huge.  He compares the horseshoe.  The hoofprint is much larger. Ichabod pulls his satchel off his shoulder, takes out a b bottle of water and bag of brown powder; begins mixing wa and powder with a fork to make plaster. The others watch, finding this bizarre, whispering.  Brom comes up to stand over Ichabod, irritated.
28) 14) dialog: What is that?
31) 3) dialog: (still using spyglass) 
31) 6) dialog: (offers the spyglass)
31) 12) dialog: A diseased monster.
35) 6) dialog: I do not care.  You are welcome to use my work area, but I beg you... return her to her resting place.
69) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster wrings his hands.  His WIFE rocks nervou in a rocking chair.  The CROWD outside ROARS as a bonfire lights up the curtained windows. The front door is POUNDED open.  ANGRY MEN enter.  Lancas stands, lips quivering.  He points insistently to a door.
109) 6) dialog: Keep still, Constable.  You were half-drowned when they found you.
109) 8) dialog: He is dead.  You would be also, if your wound had not somehow shut.
109) 10) dialog: You need to sleep.
109) 12) dialog: You need rest. Ichabod gives up, closes his eyes.  Katrina, needle in on hand, brings her other hand to hold Ichabod's. Blood drips into the suction jar.
154) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster comes out from where Katrina is asleep. closes the door, wipes his sweaty face.  Ichabod waits.
154) 1) dialog: It has been a terrible jolt to her nerves.
172) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster, half asleep, comes to answer BANGING on door.  Ichabod pushes past, taking Lancaster's lantern.
173) 2) dialog: ... help yourself, you pompous ass. I will be in bed.
173) 5) dialog: What of it? Ichabod takes out one of the lenses that survived the magnification spectacles, bends to examine the neck.
173) 10) dialog: What?