1) 5) dialog: Yes, it is me.  But, not only me... (lifting, struggling)
1) 7) dialog: Someone quite dead.
2) 0) text: The elderly HIGH CONSTABLE lifts a blanket off the corpse a wheelbarrow manned by Constable Two.  A snobby MAGISTRA looks, disgusted.  Constable One and Ichabod wait.
2) 3) dialog: Just a moment... if I may.  It is possible this man was murdered.
2) 5) dialog: There are surgical ways of telling how he died... by the water in his lungs... Ichabod follows the High Constable and Magistrate in.
3) 2) dialog: I could determine if he were dead before he went into the Hudson.
3) 5) dialog: There is nothing heretical about science, sir.  The Chinese have written on it for hundreds of years... procedural study used to solve seemingly unsolvable crimes. The door is opened.  The corpse again leads the way.
4) 1) dialog: Our first night watch is adequate against fire and some violence, but if we were more often able to ensure justice, after the fact, then criminals would truly have something to fear from law enforcement.
4) 3) dialog: Without disrespect, look around you. (motioning to cells)
4) 6) dialog: But, how many innocents rot here? And, how many victims are buried without reprisal while guilty men roam our streets? The High Constable reaches a desk, taking a seat.  Guards wait to process beaten, bloody prisoners.
4) 8) dialog: Even though I have seen confessions pried from the lips of the accused, often quite literally?
4) 10) dialog: Not Liberalism.  Equanimity.
4) 16) dialog: Chosen me?
4) 18) dialog: Not for lack of trying.
4) 20) dialog: (swallowing doubt)
7) 0) text: Decorated in Early-American Mad Scientist: books, papers jars of chemicals.  Charts of anatomy above a small bed. ICHABOD (o.s.)
7) 1) text: Such a day for such a sad farewell. But, this is goodbye, my sweet. At the window, Ichabod holds a bird cage with a red CARDI inside.  He opens the cage.  The bird flies free. Ichabod watches it go, then looks down.  A COACH halts in street below.  The forlorn DRIVER looks up.
8) 0) text: In motion.  Ichabod absently studies his hands, touching strange SCARS on both palms: evenly dispersed, tiny dots tissue.  Many scars. Ichabod lifts a LEATHER SATCHEL, checking its contents.
9) 0) text: TWO FAMILIES of MIGRANT WORKERS travel a path, leading ov burdened horses.  Ichabod's coach approaches from the oth direction.  Ichabod looks out, unnerved. One GAUNT MAN watches Ichabod pass.  There is a dead, wor look in the man's eyes.  Others stare at Ichabod.
10) 0) text: Ichabod faces two massive, vine-covered PILLARS, unsure. turns to watch the driver lead the coach away. Ichabod walks between the pillars to a long straight road He does not notice, above: THREE DEAD RAVENS hang from a limb, twine wrapped round their necks.
11) 0) text: Ichabod walks on with baggage.  The square is empty, a CH and GRAVEYARD at one end.  The road ahead is bordered by businesses and homes. CONVERSATION DRIFTS from a tavern.  A criminal sits in stocks.  A quiet CRYING is HEARD.  Ichabod hears... He looks for its source.  It's from a window above, LOUDE SOUNDS like the SOBBING of an OLD WOMAN.
12) 0) text: ICHABOD'S P.O.V.: a BELLTOWER stands tall, like a mast po with a crow's nest basket atop.  There's a man in the bas and a huge BELL. Ichabod ponders this as he continues.  Ahead on a hill: t grand Van Tassel Manor House.
13) 9) dialog: Excuse me, Miss... (takes her hands)
13) 10) text: They have a laugh at your expense. She takes the kerchief off to reveal a stunning beauty: KATRINA VAN TASSEL.  Ichabod tries to compose himself.
13) 12) dialog: I... I am looking for Baltus Van Tassel.
13) 14) dialog: Well, unless your name is Baltus, you should not worry over mine. Brom grabs Ichabod's collar, pissed.  Ichabod's baffled.
13) 19) dialog: I have been sent from the city with a letter of introduction. I am told you offer me room and board. Ichabod hands over papers.  Baltus reads, furrows his bro
13) 20) dialog: If we could speak alone.
14) 0) text: DOCTOR LANCASTER, 50, dour and always sweaty, takes a sea the fire, joining Baltus and three other elders.  A prett servant, SARAH, brings a pipe cradle while Lady Van Tasse sets down food.  Ichabod is standing.
14) 4) dialog: An honor, gentlemen.  In time I will need every detail of the three murderings you've had, but, for now, I ask only if you have any theory at all as to who the killer might be?
14) 6) dialog: I say, is there any one person suspect in these acts?
14) 9) dialog: The militia?
14) 11) dialog: All I know is three are slain, their heads found severed from their bodies...
14) 14) dialog: Pardon me?
15) 3) dialog: Just a moment... (sits back, incredulous)
15) 9) dialog: Excuse me, gentlemen, but... who has seen this Horseman?
15) 11) dialog: Then, name one person who has seen him with their own eyes. A long wait.  No reply from the elders.  Ichabod rises.
15) 12) dialog: While I will do everything I can to find your assassin, I will look for a man of flesh and blood.  Not some goblin-demon from hell.
16) 12) dialog: You worry for naught, little man. Nothing will harm him there. (looks up, sotto)
16) 13) text: It is problems here on the ground you people need begin to worry about. Ichabod watches Jonathan climb, very high above.
17) 0) text: Ichabod makes notations in a LEDGER BOOK. KATRINA (v.o.)
17) 1) text: You will dream. Katrina strolls in, sits on the bed.  Ichabod is nervous.
17) 3) dialog: Do you often make a habit of sitting on strange men's beds?
17) 5) dialog: Feel free to form your own opinion. (facing his ledger)
17) 9) dialog: Excuse me... I should apologize.  I, um... I... have no great love of...
17) 11) dialog: Small talk.
17) 14) dialog: Perhaps it is because your suitor's hands were recently very nearly wrapped around my throat.
17) 16) dialog: The massive fellow... Brom.  For someone you call "friend," he misplaces a good portion of jealousy.
17) 18) dialog: Which may explain his temperament. To have asked twice means the answer was "no" at least once. Katrina looks down, discards this with a smile.
17) 20) dialog: Extra ordinary, yes.  But first, you tell me about the Headless Horseman.
19) 0) text: Ichabod leans on a dresser.  Katrina's still seated.
19) 2) dialog: Are you so superstitious?
19) 4) dialog: There is no such thing as magic.
19) 6) dialog: Poets have silly notions about plants and bodily secretions.
19) 8) text: You are funny. Ichabod doesn't get what's so funny about that.  The DIST TOLL of a BELL is HEARD.  Katrina looks fearful. She goes to open a window.  The BELL TOLLS...
23) 0) text: ... TOLLS.  Ichabod bounds out to the lawn, halting to listen.  Katrina and Baltus come out on the porch.
24) 0) text: Ichabod charges across the rocky field.  He slows, awed.. The Belltower is down, its mast is splintered.  The horse gone.  Ichabod moves to where the crow's nest lies smashe No sign of Jonathan.
26) 0) text: Baltus and a large, DULLARDLY MAN ride.  Behind, Ichabod rides with Magistrate Philipse. Ichabod is not adept at riding his old nag, Gunpowder.
26) 1) dialog: The Van Garretts died first; a man and his son, survived by a wife and two infants.  And the Widow Windsor was next...
26) 3) dialog: (looks back, ponders)
26) 9) dialog: Believe?
26) 11) dialog: It is a prime tenet of science, Philipse, that because one thing appears improbable does not mean you embrace the utterly fantastical.
26) 13) dialog: What is that you wear?
26) 15) dialog: Well... so much for common sense.
27) 0) text: Brom and Baltus stand at a HORSE'S CORPSE amongst jagged boulders.  The flesh has been stripped, guts exposed. Philipse and Ichabod arrive and dismount.
27) 3) dialog: Who took the meat?
27) 5) dialog: These woods of yours sound a bit crowded, what with all the witches, ghouls and Indians living there. Brom climbs up onto his own horse, a black beauty.
28) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster stands with SEVERAL ARMED MEN.  A coffin a cart is covered by a blanket. Ichabod is crouched nearb
28) 1) dialog: Why did you move the body, Doctor?
28) 4) dialog: (ignoring pause) 
28) 7) dialog: Van Ripper.  Can you show where the body lay?
28) 10) dialog: To the best of your recollection, where did the open wound fall? Van Ripper points.  Ichabod takes a BOTTLE of WHITE POWDE from his pocket. He uncorks the bottle, cautiously pouring powder in an x the dirt there, then waiting. A chemical reaction causes the powder to bubble a bit.
28) 11) dialog: There was not much blood, was there?
28) 13) dialog: No bleeding.
28) 15) dialog: This should have bled by the pint. Yet, no blistering or scorched flesh. How... ?  Whatever weapon was used... it cauterized somehow.... Ichabod straightens, eyes weirdly big in the spectacles.
28) 16) dialog: It instantly burnt the wound shut.
30) 0) text: Dining room.  Sarah and two other servants collect plates few people still sup, including Van Ripper, his warty WIF and two kids.  Van Ripper guzzles ale, laughs at somethin his also-drunk wife says. IN the HALL and FOYER, funeral goers socialize quietly. FURTHER ON, in the SITTING ROOM, men smoke.  Young Masbat is confronting Ichabod, who is leaving...
30) 1) dialog: I am not here for revenge.  I am here to bring justice.
30) 3) dialog: I manage fine alone.
30) 5) dialog: (faces Masbath) 
30) 8) text: I did not ask you to, did I? Young Masbath exits.  Ichabod remains impassive.
31) 0) text: Ichabod comes out.  KILLIAN, a dashingly rustic man, carr his son, THOMAS, 5, and chats with Baltus.  Doctor Lancas peers off at something through a SPYGLASS.
31) 2) dialog: Well enough.  Your gathering does honor to the deceased.
31) 5) dialog: What are you spying on?
31) 11) dialog: He is a behemoth.
31) 15) dialog: More than enough, actually.  (tired laugh) 
31) 18) dialog: Tell me something.  (pause) 
32) 0) text: Ocher dusk.  Ichabod rides to Young Masbath, seated on th ground, miserable.  Young Masbath does not look up.
32) 1) dialog: Find yourself a place in the servants' residence and wake me before dawn. Our first task will be an unsavory one. Ichabod rides.  Young Masbath runs to his horse and follo
33) 0) text: Steenwyck is on horseback, looking down at Ichabod, furio
33) 2) dialog: I cannot proceed without examining the previous victims. Steenwyck looks to men with shovels.  Killian's there. Philipse, hung-over, stands beside Young Masbath.
33) 5) dialog: Protest to my superiors if you like.
33) 7) dialog: Then, you should have left two days ago, because I have men willing to help me today. Ichabod motions.  Killian leads the men to the graveyard. Steenwyck watches, enraged.  He kicks his horse and rides Philipse looks worried.
34) 0) text: A PSALM is HEARD READ by STEENWYCK O.S. while a coffin is exhumed.  Ichabod guides the lifting.  The coffin is put the headstone "WINDSOR."  Ichabod looks... At the church, Steenwyck faces about fifty people who now take up the PRAYER. Across the cemetery, two coffins, one small, one large, a pried open.  "VAN GARRETT, 1799."  Killian leads the effo with Young Masbath's aid... The lids come off, revealing the HEADLESS BODIES of a MAN a little BOY.  Young Masbath backs away. At the "WINDSOR" coffin, nails creak as Ichabod opens the lid.  WE DO NOT SEE inside, but when Ichabod does, he is aghast.  He looks to the men, angry.
34) 1) dialog: Why was I not told of this? No answer.  Killian arrives, nods solemnly.
34) 3) dialog: Is that all you say?  Look at her.
35) 0) text: Scissors cut open the widow's blouse.  There's an inch-lo WOUND on the moldering belly; a sword puncture. Ichabod examines the corpse on a table.  Lancaster watche anxiously mopping his face.  Young Masbath's in a corner. Ichabod goes to write in his ledger full of notes.
35) 1) dialog: What is the common thread between these victims?
35) 3) dialog: We must discover it.  The reason the murderer chose these persons. Ichabod goes to look at the widow's corpse, pondering.
35) 4) dialog: The wounds are the same.  Cauterized. No chopping or half-measures either. One stroke took the head.  Have you seen, doctor... ? (pointing to it) 
35) 7) dialog: In time, doctor.  Soon as I finish. Ichabod picks up an iron knife.  He looks to Young Masbat
35) 8) dialog: You should step outside.
36) 0) text: Ichabod and others restore graves.  Ichabod looks to the church, where Clergyman Steenwyck stands in the door.
37) 0) text: Ichabod sleeps, dreaming...
38) 0) text: Ichabod jerks awake in his bed.
39) 0) text: Ichabod enters with a lantern and his ledger.  He sits, studies notes, then notices there's a light down the hall
40) 0) text: Opposite an elaborate loom, Katrina reads by candlelight. She looks up, seeing Ichabod enter.
40) 1) dialog: Sorry for disturbing you.  I thought a forgotten candle was burning. Katrina self-consciously closes her shabby book, puts it another on her lap and covers them.
40) 3) dialog: May I ask... why do you cover your book that way?
40) 5) dialog: I, um... I have something to show you, if you have a moment. Ichabod sits, looking through his ledger.
40) 8) dialog: I have had them since childhood.  I cannot remember what from.
40) 10) dialog: Here it is.  A bird on one side. His cage on the other.  Now, stare at it.  (spinning it) 
40) 13) dialog: He only appears to be inside the cage.  The point being...
40) 15) dialog: Yes, but listen.  The illusion is easily explained.  The eye retains each image, till they combine.  And yet, some would call this toy magic.
40) 17) text: Can't you see what is inexplicable? Ichabod watches it spin.  He shakes his head, unimpressed
40) 19) dialog: If you want.  But...
40) 21) dialog: Thank you.  No.  Here...
40) 23) dialog: (resigned, leaving) 
41) 0) text: A light glows in Ichabod's window.  LOOKING IN: Ichabod's bed, fully dressed.  He sits up.  Pause.  He crosses to p up "Romeo and Juliet."  He begins to read.
42) 0) text: Ichabod walks with Philipse.  Young Masbath follows with horses.  CICADAS CHATTER from a vast corn field.
42) 2) dialog: Are you saying I should be frightened? Is this a message passed on from Clergyman Steenwyck? The CICADAS SUDDENLY go SILENT.  Young Masbath notices.
42) 4) dialog: I know it.
42) 8) dialog: Listen to what you say....
42) 10) dialog: At times I do.
42) 14) dialog: Philipse! Philipse holds the talisman up, trying to be fearless.  T Horseman swings -- WE HEAR the CLANK of sword on talisman Philipse's severed head spins.  His body falls and folds. Ichabod runs past Young Masbath. The Horseman halts just as Ichabod reaches a point in fro of dead Philipse, aiming his pistol.  Daredevil lets out SCREECHY CRY.  The Horseman rides toward Ichabod. Ichabod gets on one knee, trying to steady his pistol.  T Horseman closes.  Ichabod sweats bullets.  FIRES... The slug SLAMS the Horseman dead center -- bursts through rends his uniform without slowing him. The Horseman is almost on Ichabod.  Ichabod cringes, arms up... as the Horseman passes. The Horseman leans to skewer Philipse's head with his swo With the head as his prize, the Horseman races away. Ichabod gets up, watches the Horseman head to the forest. Ichabod looks to Young Masbath, finds his legs will not support him, falls, trembling.  THUNDER BELLOWS.
44) 0) text: KNOCKING is HEARD.  Ichabod sleeps restlessly.
45) 0) text: KNOCKING is HEARD.  Ichabod gasps awake. KATRINA (o.s.)
45) 1) text: Constable Crane? Ichabod looks at his hands balled into fists.  He opens t -- has ONE HALF of PHILIPSE'S TALISMAN in each palm.
47) 0) text: Katrina enters.  Ichabod sits at his work table.
47) 3) dialog: If these are the random stalkings of a monster, what good am I?
47) 5) dialog: They have done nothing of the sort.
47) 7) text: Or, was it a vain promise? Ichabod stews, head in his hands.  Someone is HEARD RUNNING... Young Masbath enters, frightened.
48) 0) text: The Lenape Indian hangs dead in a tree, lynched.  TOWNSFO are gathered.  Ichabod makes his way through, followed by Young Masbath, looking up. BROM (o.s.)
48) 1) text: We do not need you, Constable... Brom strides towards Ichabod from a group of men spreadin sheet under the tree.  Van Ripper's there.
48) 5) dialog: Two days... ?  For murder?
48) 7) dialog: Does that look like an animal hanging?
48) 9) dialog: Wait.  Give me a moment... Ichabod kneels.  He removes the woven piece, looking acro the diseased Lenape's body.  Something else... The Lenape's mouth is agape; teeth rotting.  Ichabod look around, finds a twig.  He uses it to pull the Lenape's mo open... gets close to peer inside the Lenape's mouth.
49) 0) text: A DRAWING of the Lenape's WOVEN PIECE in Ichabod's ledger The piece lies near. Ichabod sits staring at it, trance-like.  Masbath waits. Long silence.
49) 1) dialog: The Lenape Indian had much to tell once I opened his mouth.
49) 3) dialog: His teeth.  Someone had cut them and chipped off rotten pieces far back in his mouth.  The Lenape could not have done that for himself. (closes his journal)
49) 4) text: Someone out there cared for him. Ichabod rises, deciding.  He picks up his satchel and exi Young Masbath is surprised.  He follows.
50) 0) text: A massive, wooden WINDMILL, raised off the ground on a 7' center post.  Ichabod and Masbath walk to it.
51) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath enter via a ladder from the underbelly.  Gears and counter wheels turn millstones.  A men work in the grain powder filled air. Ichabod leads the way to a staircase, up twists and turns
51) 2) dialog: Up.
52) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath climb out a door to the roof. rotors spin nearby.  Ichabod searches the countryside. Below, MANY MEN are ride up the long straight road.
52) 1) dialog: What is it?
52) 3) dialog: (points) 
52) 6) dialog: Look again. A plume of smoke rises from woods, far.
52) 8) dialog: Are you familiar with magnets?
52) 10) dialog: Not for eating, I assure you.  Watch here. Ichabod shows the magnet grab the needle.  Young Masbath amazed, reaching for it.  Ichabod watches him play with i
52) 12) dialog: (smiles, pause) 
52) 15) dialog: I have others.  All I need is this. Ichabod takes the needle, poking its butt end into the ti the straw.  Young Masbath studies the rock, pockets it.
52) 17) dialog: (nods, almost shy) 
52) 18) text: Now, hold the bowl steady.  Back to business. Young Masbath lifts the bowl.  Ichabod drops in the needle/straw which floats and turns compass-like.
52) 19) dialog: If the Western Woods are truly the Devil's Glen, we will see for ourselves.
52) 22) dialog: Witches do not exist.  However... Ichabod uses a knife to notch the bowl lip where the need points, then surveys the smoke, making a second notch.
52) 23) dialog: Not long ago, I would have said the same for Headless Horseman. KATRINA (o.s.)
53) 0) text: Ichabod and Katrina lead their horses.  A heated argument
53) 2) dialog: No stone may be left unturned.  It may appear harsh...
53) 4) dialog: You are not regarding it in full. The Widow Windsor had been run through by a sword.  I followed the bloodless wound, a wound whose path I could not comprehend till I had seen the Horseman with my own eyes.
53) 6) dialog: The child she carried was eight months grown at least... near to birthing.  The sword had pierced its tiny heart exactly.
53) 8) dialog: There was no blind stabbing.  This singular thrust found its target omnipotently, as if the Horseman made certain the unborn child died with its mother.
53) 10) dialog: It was not butchery.
53) 12) dialog: I have no solution for its meaning yet, but I could not just ignore it.
53) 14) dialog: To avenge his father, and the others.
53) 17) dialog: (fed up, growing anger) 
53) 18) text: If it had been surgery on a living person, done to save that person's life, you would not question it.  Not for a moment.  So, let me be the first to tell you, dear girl... on the other side of these sheltering mountains, a whole world has advanced beyond such plebeian thinking as yours.  And someday, no matter how much you fear it, that world will come to roust Sleepy Hollow out of its slumber. Katrina storms away.  Ichabod's already regretting.
54) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath ride to the Western Woods, hors loaded for expedition.  At the Belltower remnants, Ichabo slows, looking to the wreckage. At forest's edge, Young Masbath waits. Ichabod circles the tower.  With a sigh, he rides to join Young Masbath. They head into the woods.
55) 0) text: Dark, dense and creepy.  Ichabod and Young Masbath move through.  Young Masbath halts his horse and looks around.
55) 1) dialog: What is it?
55) 3) dialog: (listens, looks)
56) 0) text: Ichabod's hand drops the needle/straw in the water bowl. needle spins.  The bowl is turned to match notches. Ichabod points the way to Young Masbath. ELSEWHERE, SOMEONE WATCHES:  A MOVING P.O.V. WATCHES them they ride, FOLLOWS.
57) 0) text: Ichabod and Masbath reach a hill crest.  They stop, uneas Below: a CAVE with a rock archway.  An ill-fitting door covers the mouth.  The chimney spews smoke.
57) 1) dialog: We have apparently arrived.
58) 0) text: The horses are tied to a tree.  Ichabod walks to the cave door.  Unsure, he hesitantly knocks.
59) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath step in. Walls are hung with skins and skeletons, dry flowers and grass in patterns.  An OLD CRONE sits facing away. The old Crone, a mountain woman with matted hair and grey features, sits disinterested.  Ichabod edges closer.
59) 1) dialog: Pardon.  You did not answer when I knocked.  Are we intruding?
59) 3) dialog: In a way, yes. Ichabod looks at tables of gourd bowls of dead insects an acorns.  Knifes, scissors, yellow bones.  He takes the Lenape's piece of reed grass from his pocket.
59) 4) dialog: The Lenape who lived in these woods... do you know him?  The Redman? (uncomfortable wait)
59) 8) text: You should have this... if you were his friend. Young Masbath puts the woven piece beside the cardinal. walks to join Ichabod in leaving.
59) 11) text: Go out and keep away, child. (to Ichabod)
60) 0) text: The Old Crone comes through a passage in the wet walls. Ichabod enters, scared, bent under low ceiling.
60) 2) dialog: The Horseman.  Yes.
60) 4) dialog: Can you help?
60) 6) dialog: What... what are you doing?
62) 0) text: The old Crone slumps, still with her back to Ichabod.  Sh does not move.  Wind howls through a hole/window.  Rain. Candles blow out.  Ichabod stands, worried.
62) 1) dialog: Excuse me... um... She remains motionless.  The STORM outside intensifies. WE SEE the skin of the Crone's wrists transform; swelling the cuffs, hardening, cracking and bleeding. Some thing Ichabod cannot see.  He inches closer.
62) 2) dialog: Are you alright... ? The Crone turns, hideous, leaping erect -- a half-human, half-demon CREATURE.  Its black clawed hands reaching. Ichabod recoils, crying out. Chains on restraining cuffs yank the creature back. Ichabod hits the floor, knocking over a table of bones. creature is chained, but still wants Ichabod.  It SCREECH The Old Crone's face seethes from transformation, eyes bl red, nostrils dripping, teeth now jagged.
63) 0) text: Ichabod runs out into the howling storm, past Masbath.
63) 1) dialog: We are leaving.
64) 0) text: No rain.  Dark.  A lantern's glow creates shifting shadow Ichabod and Young Masbath ride.
64) 3) dialog: How could something named "the tree of the dead" fail to draw attention? A BIRD CRIES OUT.  Ichabod's startled, looking up.  The B is HEARD ALIGHTING.  Leaves float downwards.
64) 4) dialog: We should not go much further in this murk.
64) 6) dialog: We are far from the Hollow.  (dismounts, troubled) 
65) 0) text: Horses are tied.  Ichabod is seated against a tree.  A campfire burns.  Young Masbath lies on a blanket, rifle c his chest, staring to treetops. Leaves and branches shift in the wind.  Bats fly wildly.
65) 2) dialog: "Let loose his silent shrieking." Who knows, till we work at it?  I admit not being anxious to find out. (pause) 
65) 3) text: "He who holds the Horseman's desire will guide his reaping hand." Whatever the Horseman's desire is, other than extinguishing lives. A SNAPPING BRANCH.  Ichabod raises his pistol.
65) 4) dialog: (to Young Masbath) 
65) 5) text: Do not move. Ichabod rises.  He creeps forward, pistol and lantern forward.  Foliage is thick.  CRUNCHING LEAVES are HEARD. Ichabod crouches, puts down the lantern and picks up a branch.  He tosses the branch to the foliage... SOME ANIMAL darts away, a running blur. Ichabod rises, following with his pistol. ANOTHER ANGLE, MOVING P.O.V.: low to the ground, moving swiftly at Ichabod... Ichabod spins, blindsided. Young Masbath fires his rifle -- CRACK!! The ANIMAL is KNOCKED DOWN mid-leap, yelping... The beast lands, a mass of grey fur. Ichabod comes to stare down.  Young Masbath arrives.  The both look to the beast, horrified. The creature lies helplessly spastic; a TWO-HEADED WOLF, one head blown open to brain and gore.  Its living head lifts, MEWING sadly, eyes pleading. Ichabod step up with pistol.  FIRES.  MEWING STOPS.
65) 6) dialog: What God-forsaken hell is this? Ichabod swallows back sickness, looking away.  Something catches his eye.
65) 7) dialog: Christ... Through the forest: the SKY'S LIT UP.  Distant fire.
66) 0) text: Ichabod and Masbath ride up, confronted by the Crone's ca vomiting flame out all orifices. Ichabod approaches.  Embers swirl everywhere.  The Old Crone's body lies amongst bloodied leaves.  Headless.
68) 0) text: Ichabod examines the Crone's neck wound with magnificatio spectacles.  Young Masbath is seated, ledger in his lap.
68) 1) dialog: The wound is neither smooth nor cauterized, but jagged.  She bleeds like a fountain. Ichabod lifts her dead hand to show bruises and cuts.
68) 2) dialog: She did not go quietly.
70) 0) text: Angry men break in.  Ichabod looks up.
70) 2) dialog: What are you doing? The man slams Ichabod back. Magnification spectacles are crushed under foot.
71) 12) dialog: I fired upon the Horseman and the bullet did nothing.
71) 14) dialog: I hit him square.
72) 0) text: In bed, Ichabod is having unpleasant dreams once more. FREAKISH WOMAN (v.o.) 
72) 25) text: She has gone away. Realization comes to Young Ichabod.  He runs, away across lawn as Father calls after him.
72) 32) text: Do you know what confession is? He walks, numb, eyes locked forward... In the corner is a SPIKED CHAIR, adorned with sharp iron spikes.  Hundreds of spikes.  It is fitted with straps fo holding down the "accused." Tears stream down Young Ichabod's face.  He kneels, hands the spikes of the chair, pressing hard. As he sobs, blood runs down from his hands.
73) 0) text: In bed, Ichabod opens tear filled eyes.  He sits up, brin his trembling hands to wipe his cheeks.  His hands trail blood. He looks to them... The old scars are bleeding.
74) 0) text: Katrina comes to the door.  Ichabod is seated by the fire eyes bleary, palms wrapped with bloodied cloth.
74) 2) dialog: Allow me some time.  I have spent every hour in the company of others. I need to be alone.
74) 5) dialog: No, actually, you were not.  Every word you spoke had truth in it.
74) 7) dialog: Lady Van Tassel... she is your stepmother, isn't she?  She bears so little resemblance.
74) 9) dialog: She is not your birth mother, is she?
74) 11) dialog: What happened to your mother?  Is she still alive?
74) 13) dialog: Memories have come back.  I had them forgotten, and wish I could forget them again... but they are here now.  (pause) 
74) 16) dialog: I... I do not know.  I no longer know what I think or what I feel. Katrina walks to him.  She touches his back.
76) 0) text: Ichabod exits his room, satchel in hand.  He looks down t hall, then steps back in to take a white rose from a vase AROUND A CORNER, Ichabod comes to the last door.  He bend slipping the white rose under the crack of the door.
77) 0) text: Rain.  Ichabod comes out.  Across the lawn, Young Masbath bringing the horses. LADY VAN TASSEL (o.s.) 
77) 1) text: Good morrow, Constable. Ichabod turns to see Lady Van Tassel in a chair, sewing.
77) 3) dialog: Yes, actually.
77) 5) dialog: (nods, studies her) 
77) 10) dialog: Um... I... I did not... no.  Why?
77) 13) dialog: I should be going... good day to you. Ichabod heads towards Young Masbath.  Baltus watches from porch, disgruntled.  He goes in.
78) 0) text: Heavy rain.  Ichabod and Young Masbath ride side by side.
78) 2) dialog: You grow sharper by the minute, little man.  It boggles my mind, but I begin to prefer your company over all others.
78) 4) dialog: (laughs) 
78) 7) dialog: Good questions, deserving answers, of which we are in short supply. A SOUND is HEARD.  Ichabod looks back, then to Masbath.
78) 8) dialog: Quicken pace. Ichabod rides faster.  Young Masbath keeps up. FURTHER ON, they charge over a hill.  Ichabod halts Gunpo and climbs clumsily off.
78) 9) dialog: Ride on. Young Masbath obeys.  Ichabod takes out his pistol and wa into forest growth, backtracking. INSIDE THE FOREST, Ichabod bounds through underbrush, low HORSE is HEARD SNORTING.  He pushes through branches... Moving behind a FIGURE IN A GREY CLOAK on horseback.
78) 10) dialog: Halt and turn.  I have a pistol aimed at your head. The figure stops, pushes off the cloak hood.  Katrina.
78) 12) dialog: Katrina.  Why do you follow?
78) 14) dialog: A woman should not be out alone in these woods.
78) 16) text: To thank you. Ichabod softens, but doesn't want to.
78) 17) dialog: Come along.
79) 0) text: Raining still.  Ichabod, Masbath and Katrina come into a clearing, mouths falling open at the sight of... A monstrously huge TREE OF THE DEAD, at the clearing's center, with branches reaching far and wide, knotted and gross, like agony captured in wood sculpture. Ichabod dismounts, crossing a line beyond which grass and weeds will not grow.  Young Masbath and Katrina dismount.
79) 2) dialog: Blood.
79) 5) dialog: Stay back. At the trunk, Ichabod thumps the flat end of the axe agai the suture.  It sounds hollow.  Ichabod begins to chop. He pulls away loose bark.  The tree drips more blood and clear goo.  Ichabod uses both hands on the axe to hack at festering suture.
79) 7) dialog: Just... keep where you are. Ignoring, Young Masbath moves closer.  Ichabod keeps chopping, then grips a large, loose flap of wood, trying bend it.  It's not easy.  Ichabod struggles. Katrina follows Masbath's slow advance. Ichabod's pulling... the flap suddenly gives, revealing a blood-soaked, wide-eyed, gap-mouthed HUMAN HEAD. Ichabod recoils.  Behind him, Katrina stifles a scream, taking Young Masbath in her arms to keep him from looking It is Philipse's head, hanging off the trunk flap, held b roots grown around and into the flesh. Ichabod reapproaches, back of his hand to his mouth. FOUR other SEVERED, DECAYING HEADS are held by ingrown ro within the dewy innards.
79) 9) dialog: He... he tries to take the heads... they will not pass. He looks to the branches towering above.
79) 10) dialog: Must be some sort of gateway.  But, why this place... ?
79) 12) dialog: Why this tree? Ichabod begins looking at the ground, moving around the t He gets to his knees, pushing mud away. Uncovering a flush HEADSTONE carved with "666."
79) 13) dialog: (to himself) 
80) 0) text: Rain.  Young Masbath's crouched, muddy, rifle across his knees.  He's watching the tree. Behind him, Katrina climbs out of the shallow grave near pile of mud.  Ichabod hands up the shovel.
80) 2) dialog: It cannot be true. WE SEE: roots have gripped the Horseman's bones and tatte uniform.  The skeleton is all there -- except the skull.
80) 3) dialog: Why is it every grave I open holds a new mystery inside?
80) 5) dialog: Yes.  I did notice that, thank you. Ichabod climbs out, weary in body and spirit.  LIGHTNING. THUNDER.  He stares at the bones.
80) 6) dialog: This is his silent shrieking... and his desire, to reclaim his head. Ichabod turns, looking to the bordering forest.
80) 7) dialog: "He who holds fast the Horseman's desire will guide his reaping hand."  (pause) 
80) 9) text: Ichabod! Ichabod turns, looks... Katrina and Young Masbath back away, because the ROOTS in grave are ALIVE, further entwining around remains. Ichabod spins to the twisted tree... The vertical SUTURE SEETHES, pulling inwards... sucking Philipse's head back in and closing, bubbling. Ichabod bounds over grave dirt pile, hastening Katrina an Young Masbath along as he flees. At the tree, the suture swells. Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath pass where their freak horses are tied to a fallen trunk, heading for cover. A RUMBLING is HEARD from the twisted tree, which suddenly BURSTS wide, spitting smoldering cinders. At the tree line, Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath cowe looking back. From the tree wound, a glow brightens, till the Headless Horseman and Daredevil EXPLODE into existence... They hit the ground running. Ichabod watches the Horseman ride away with bolts of LIGHTNING STRIKING the GROUND BEHIND. The Horseman disappears in the forest.
80) 10) dialog: His next victim is chosen! (to Masbath)
80) 11) text: Give me distance, then guide her back to the Hollow. Ichabod runs towards the horses.
82) 0) text: Ichabod rides as fast as Gunpowder is able.
107) 0) text: Brom rides from the forest, charging across Killian's fie At Killian's house, Daredevil rides up as the Headless Horseman walks out with his sack of heads.  The Horseman the sack to the saddle and leaps up. Brom puts his reins in his mouth, raising his rifle. The Horseman heads away, past the barn, as Brom gains. Brom aims... FIRES! BOOM -- the slug EXPLODES, blowing the Horseman off Daredevil.  Daredevil keeps going.  The Horseman's smolde body is left "face down." Brom halts his horse.  He climbs down, pleased. The Horseman moves. Brom backs away, satisfaction diminishing. The Horseman gets on his knees. Brom falls to one knee, begins reloading.  He fills the g from his powder horn. The Horseman stands, unsheathes his sword and turns.  The blast has blown apart his uniform at the chest and should exposing rotten flesh and maggot-infested muscle. Brom readies his ramrod, jamming powder in the barrel. The Horseman charges. Brom stands, pulling out the ramrod.  The Horseman is on Brom swings the rifle, blocking.  Sparks fly. The battle is on, with Brom fending off the Horseman's sw with the gun -- CLANK -- CLANK -- CLANK. ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod and Gunpowder break into the op UP THE FIELD, the Horseman makes a backhanded swing.  Bro goes down, his rifle sent flying. Brom rolls to avoid as the Horseman slashes. Brom flees.  The Horseman pulls and throws a knife... THWAP -- the knife imbeds in Brom's thigh. The Horseman runs towards Brom. Ichabod closes in, pulling an unlit lantern off his saddl Brom tries to get up, bends to extract the knife. The Horseman, mid-run, changes his sword grip, blade down He plants one foot on Brom's back, raising his sword, abo to skewer... Ichabod arrives full gallop, SMASHES the lantern into the Horseman -- knocking the Horseman off Brom. AT THE EDGE OF THE FOREST, Theodore and Glen arrive on horseback.  They hold a moment, watching. Brom runs, limping, to the barn, goal in sight: farm implements propped there.  Brom grabs SCYTHES with long curved blades, one in per hand. The Horseman rises. Ichabod turns Gunpowder and leaps off, runs to Brom. The Horseman moves towards them, hefting a battle axe in free hand.  Ichabod steps up, pistol aimed, furious.
107) 1) dialog: For what it's worth... FIRES -- the bullet rips through the Horseman's stomach t reveal putrid innards as he keeps advancing. At the forest, Theodore looks to Glenn, turns and flees. Brom steps up, scythes ready.  He and the Horseman go at Brom blocks axe and sword, catching and deflecting blows. At the forest, Glenn follows Theodore away. Ichabod grabs a long handled SICKLE. Brom swings the scythes.  The Horseman avoids. Ichabod moves to the side, looking for an opening.  He sw the sickle. The Horseman blocks. The Horseman battles both at once, catching blows... countering every strike, METAL RINGING. Brom catches the Horseman's sword in one scythe, holding off.  Catches the axe handle in the other scythe. The Horseman flatfoot KICKS Brom's chest, sending him dow Ichabod swings the sickle blade... Hits the Horseman, the blade embedding to the hilt. The Horseman drops his axe and grasps the sickle, jerking The sickle handle SLAMS Ichabod's, knocking him away. Ichabod crawls, tries to shake off the blow. He looks up.  The Horseman staggers, spastically trying t pull the blade from his body. Brom limps to Ichabod, yanks him to his feet.
108) 0) text: Ichabod and Brom stumble down a hillside.  Brom points.
108) 4) dialog: Look. LIGHTNING ILLUMINATES -- ahead, the Horseman stands on th bank with Axe and sword.  Daredevil near.
109) 0) text: Candlelight.  Ichabod, shirtless, feverish, opens his eye The wound at the top of his chest is raw.  Katrina insert needle in the skin around it.
109) 3) dialog: (barely a voice)
109) 7) dialog: ... Brom Bones...
109) 9) dialog: Bring Young Masbath here.
109) 11) dialog: Bring him.
110) 0) text: Ichabod is soundly asleep.  Across the room, Katrina is a his work table.  Ichabod stirs.  Katrina looks to him. Once she is satisfied he will not wake, she returns to wh she was doing, turning a page.  She is reading his ledger
113) 0) text: Ichabod's hurting.  Masbath helps with a shirt.
113) 2) dialog: Man or woman?
113) 4) dialog: Business, best hidden is hidden best at night. Ichabod goes to his work table, organizing his satchel.
113) 6) dialog: Because, I serve a fine purpose alive. It is perfection for our murderer if I return to New York City with nothing more than tales of a galloping ghoul.  (pause) 
113) 7) text: We must uncover the reason these victims were targeted.  What was taken from them... other than their lives? Who benefits by their deaths? Ichabod fumbles the bottle of white powder. It bounces, cork popping out... rolls under the bed.
113) 8) dialog: Damn it. Ichabod kneels, pained.  A trail of the blood-detecting powder has spilled.  The bottle is out of reach.
113) 10) dialog: Wait... Far under, near the bottle, some powder is bubbling. Ichabod moves to the end of the bed and lifts, in pain.  Young Masbath helps. They drag the bed to one side. Under the bed: a Satanic PENTAGRAM has been DRAWN IN BLOO Ichabod stares, trying to grasp the implication.  Masbath about to speak, but Ichabod puts a finger to his lips. Ichabod moves to lock the door.
113) 12) text: Who did this? Ichabod does not answer.  He picks up a wash basin and du the water to wash the Pentagram away.
114) 0) text: WAGONS, HORSES and TOWNSPEOPLE swarm.  A CROWD loots the town's general store.  Provisions are passed along man to and loaded on wheelbarrows. All up and down the long straight road, home owners board windows with lumber. Ichabod and Young Masbath ride, passing many angry faces.
114) 1) dialog: Panic has set in. They stop, tying their horses and climbing stairs to the of the "NOTARY."  Ichabod looks off... DOWN THE ROAD, at the far end, people head to the church. Much activity there as well.
114) 2) dialog: Sanctuary.  Or, so they hope. Families put up tents all around the church within the bordering wrought-iron fence.  Supplies abound. People work to build and erect massive wooden crosses.
115) 0) text: Tidy room.  Young Masbath watches Ichabod hand a slip of paper to the elderly Notary, Hardenbrook.
115) 1) dialog: Do you have these persons' wills?
115) 3) dialog: Yes, sir... but, do you have these? Hardenbrook studies the paper with his one good eye.
115) 5) dialog: May I see them, Master Hardenbrook?
115) 7) dialog: May we look at them now?
115) 9) dialog: Maybe you should take this.
115) 12) dialog: To discover what might have been taken from those who died, it will help to know what was there that could be taken in the first place. Ichabod waits.  After a moment, he looks uncertain.  He crosses to the half-open door...
116) 0) text: Ichabod sticks his head in, not liking what he sees. Hardenbrook's amidst unbelievable disarray.  Tables, shel and baskets of unevenly piled documents. Hardenbrook looks on a shelf, confused, then goes to a ta lifting papers, mumbling.
116) 2) dialog: Master Hardenbrook... Hardenbrook turns, a bit startled.
116) 3) dialog: Perhaps, I could assist in finding them?
117) 0) text: Hardenbrook is asleep in a chair, snoring, blind eye open Ichabod and Young Masbath face official-looking documents with Ichabod focused on one will in hand.
117) 2) dialog: (still reading) 
117) 5) dialog: Then look here at your father's will, and tell me why you are not listed. Young Masbath takes it, boggled.  Ichabod grabs another.
117) 6) dialog: Van Garrett had denoted his elder son in his last wishes; the same son murdered along with him.  But Van Garrett's wife and two infant children are not written... and they were spared. (picks up another will)
117) 8) text: The Widow Windsor was listed on her late husband's will.  After her inheritance, she amended the document to include her bastard child.  This is why the Horseman made absolutely certain to impale the unborn descendant. Ichabod sits back.
117) 9) dialog: Only the heirs were killed.  Proof that the Horseman slaughters by assignment.
117) 11) dialog: No one yet, far as I can tell.  It has gone intestate.
117) 13) dialog: Intestate.  Your farm... all the farms... they belong to no one.
117) 15) dialog: Often in such cases, property which has gone intestate legally passes to whomever the deceased was indebted to. And, who in this town is owed a great many debts?
117) 18) dialog: Did your father take a loan?
117) 20) dialog: Tonight, we answer questions.  And, to discover who moves about the Van Tassel house after dark... all we need is a candle. A LOUD NOISE is HEARD from the other room.  Ichabod looks
118) 0) text: Ichabod bursts in.  No one there.  A chair has been knock over and the front door is ajar.  Ichabod moves...
119) 0) text: Ichabod exits.  All around is the commotion in the square before.  No telling who it was who just fled.
120) 0) text: Young Masbath is seated, bored.  Ichabod writes in his ledger.  A KNOCK on the door.  They both look up. KATRINA (o.s.) (from outside door)
120) 2) text: Ichabod? The knob is tried and found locked.  Pause.  At the botto the door, a red rose is passed under. This saddens Ichabod.
122) 0) text: Ichabod and Masbath are in darkness, still waiting.  Icha takes the cover off a lantern, looks at a clock.  Midnigh straight up.  Ichabod stands, picks up an unlit candle.
122) 1) dialog: Midnight seems an appropriate time.
123) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath look out, cautious.  They move the nearest door. Ichabod crouches, using the candle to mark the seam of th door and door frame.  He's making a low, wax seal.  If th door opens, the seal will break. They move to a second door, quietly.  Ichabod makes anoth low wax mark.
124) 0) text: Ichabod and Masbath come downstairs to a hall.  Ichabod continues his wax marking at each door.
125) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath enter, shutting the door.  Icha walks to shelves at Baltus' desk, looks through ribbon bo DOCUMENTS and hands some to Masbath. Young Masbath pulls off the ribbon, pages through these " AGREEMENT" parchments.  Ichabod brings another pile.
125) 1) dialog: (whispering)
125) 4) dialog: (regarding his documents) 
125) 5) text: There are none for Magistrate Philipse either.  "Paasch, James" "Pieter, Thomas" "Pos, William." A FLOORBOARD CREAKS.  Ichabod looks, blows out the lanter He and Young Masbath stand frozen. Across the room, light comes under the door, stops, then continues.  A DOOR is HEARD OPENING and SHUTTING.  Ichabo crosses to follow, pointing back.
125) 6) dialog: Keep looking.  Then, hide in my room and bolt the door till I return.
126) 0) text: Lantern light moves, far ahead.  Ichabod follows.
127) 0) text: Ichabod stops, hidden.  He can see the light ahead, but i no longer in motion.  He advances.
128) 0) text: A lantern sits on a rock.  On a blanket, a semi-naked MAN semi-naked WOMAN are in the midst of rough SEX. Ichabod crawls to peer from underbrush. The couple keeps coupling, with the man on top.  His grun and gasps are particularly desperate.  He's all over the woman, who lays back... it is Lady van Tassel. Ichabod swallows, inches closer. Lady van Tassel pulls the man's shirt, exposes his flesh. She raises a small, sharp KNIFE behind his back. Ichabod's eyes widen. Lady Van Tassel brings the blade to her own hand, slicing deep in her palm.  Blood flows.  She rubs her cut hand ov her partner's arching back, smearing blood. Lady van Tassel caresses the man's chest, neck, face... trailing blood.  The man lifts his head, in ecstasy, suck the woman's bloody fingers... it's Clergyman Steenwyck. Ichabod backs away, having seen more than plenty.
129) 0) text: Young Masbath unlocks the door.  Ichabod enters.
129) 2) dialog: Lady Van Tassel.
129) 4) dialog: Something I really wish I had not seen. Never mind it.  Did you find the victims' loan agreements?
130) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath creep round a corner.  Going to LAST DOOR, Ichabod crouches, eyes narrowing...
130) 1) dialog: (whispers, to himself) 
131) 0) text: Ichabod and Masbath come downstairs, checking all the wax marks.  Young Masbath finds one broken.
132) 0) text: They enter.  The kitchen is empty.  Ichabod crosses to another door, crouches.  Another broken wax mark.
133) 0) text: They enter... the room with the elaborate loom.  Ichabod moves his lantern to make a quick search, goes to table. He touches the top of a candle.  His finger comes away wi bit of still wet wax.
133) 2) dialog: It is nothing.  She comes to read books, so her father will not find her. (to convince himself) 
133) 5) dialog: Fiction plays and novels.  Baltus does not approve.  Now, come.  It may not be long before Lady Van Tassel returns.
134) 1) text: - Drawers are opened and searched, quietly. - Young Masbath uses a candle to look up the fireplace. - Ichabod opens a linen cabinet, unfolding blankets. - Young Masbath looks in a closet filled with big spools sewing thread, on his knees, pulls a wooden box forward. Inside it, he finds only old cups and silverware. Ichabod pulls up a rug, feeling along the floorboards. Young Masbath crawls, doing the same.  He climbs under th loom, tapping on the floor.  TAP... TAP... TAP... He crawls further under the loom.  TAP... TAP... PLONK. hollow sound.  He taps again... PLONK... PLONK.
135) 0) text: Lady Van Tassel prepares food with two servants at the op fireplace/oven.  Ichabod enters, rushed.
135) 1) dialog: Excuse me, Lady Van Tassel... Katrina is not in her room.
135) 3) dialog: Where?
135) 6) dialog: Very little.  I must be going... Lady Van Tassel holds out her cut palm, the gash sewn shu
135) 8) dialog: It appears well.  It has already clotted.
135) 10) dialog: It is fine.  Now, I must... Lady Van Tassel grabs Ichabod by the wrist, tight.
135) 13) dialog: What... ? Lady Van Tassel glances to servants, keeps her voice low.
136) 0) text: Baltus leads Ichabod to the porch.
136) 2) dialog: How did you hear this?
136) 4) text: I must speak honestly.  There is no reason to think he will not meet with success. Ichabod looks to barn, sees Masbath bringing the horses. CHURCH BELL is HEARD TOLLING far away.
136) 6) dialog: I appreciate your concern.  I thank you, sir. Ichabod hurries off, across the lawn, exasperated.  He ru Masbath runs to him.  Ichabod takes Gunpowder and climbs
136) 9) dialog: Things have become complicated. Katrina is at the mill.  Ride ahead, find her and bring her to meet me outside the church.  Find her at all costs.  Quickly. They ride, fast.
139) 2) dialog: Only if I repeat them outside this room.  And, I will if I must... (points to doors) 
139) 5) dialog: Oh?  Far as I can tell, a rumor does not travel alone for long here.
139) 7) dialog: It is only important what you are. An adulterer...
139) 9) dialog: Wallowing in sin and lust...
139) 11) dialog: Wallowing quite literally in blood.
139) 14) dialog: He may.  But, not soon enough for you, and not on your behalf. Ichabod walks.  Steenwyck is humiliated.
139) 15) dialog: You are so upset now... and yet, you seemed in such good spirits last night.
139) 17) dialog: Climb to the top of the tallest ladder you can find, Father.  That is the closest you ever come to God.
140) 3) text: I am forced to take my leave from Sleepy Hollow.  I will be moving on to do the Lord's work elsewhere. The GATHERERS MURMUR shock.  Ichabod walks out.
142) 0) text: Storming.  The meeting is letting out.  Near the churchya gate, Young Masbath rides with Katrina following on a hor cart.  Ichabod walks up as Katrina dismounts.
142) 2) dialog: Come with me. Ichabod leads her to where they can talk away from others
142) 4) dialog: Explain these.  I found them secreted away in the sewing room. Katrina's expression changes just so slightly to guilt.
142) 5) dialog: Why... why have I scrambled and run and clawed in all directions, only to find you against me? He stares at her.  Katrina stares back, in a small way defeated.  She looks for an out, but there is none.
142) 8) dialog: It was you there?
142) 10) dialog: And, what did he say?
142) 12) dialog: What did he say, Katrina?
142) 14) dialog: The loans give the land to your father. It does not matter survivors are still on their farms.  They could be thrown off... tomorrow... a year from now.
142) 16) dialog: What would you have me believe?
142) 19) dialog: The name Van Tassel is blackened.  You share that name.
142) 21) dialog: Katrina...
145) 0) text: Ichabod comes away from the window, looking to panicked citizens.  He sees Katrina moving up the aisle... She's heading towards Baltus, who slams against the door Steenwyck's room.
149) 2) dialog: Stop this! Ichabod gets to Baltus' side, trying to protect.
149) 3) dialog: The Horseman cannot enter!  It does not matter who he wants, he cannot cross the gate! At the windows, ONE RIFLEMAN turns, crying out.
153) 0) text: The storm has passed.  Empty forest.  Long, peaceful paus till Ichabod makes his way through, searching the ground. Ichabod comes to look down a small hill.  The corpse of L Van Tassel lies headless, in a dirty, torn dress. Ichabod walks to the body.  Lady Van Tassel's arm is twis behind.  The sewn cut on the palm of her hand faces up.
153) 1) dialog: (shouting back)
154) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster comes out from where Katrina is asleep. closes the door, wipes his sweaty face.  Ichabod waits.
154) 2) dialog: You will stay at her side? Doctor Lancaster nods.  Ichabod walks.
155) 0) text: It's getting dark.  Ichabod comes out and crosses the por A few of the Hollow's residents are here.  Young Masbath up and follows Ichabod onto the lawn. Ichabod walks without waiting.
155) 2) dialog: I need time for thinking.  Without you hanging on my coattails for a change. Ichabod keeps walking.  Young Masbath stops, wounded.
156) 0) text: Ichabod stands holding a torch, looking up.  The whole ar is bright from the light off a giant fire. There are broken lanterns and barrels around the agonized twisted tree.  The tree is aflame, fire dancing up the tr and through every branch to lick the sky.
157) 0) text: Dawn.  Ichabod is seated overlooking the Hudson.  He star at the beauty around him, brooding through bleary eyes. Gunpowder is tied to a tree.  BIRDS SING. The ledger is open in Ichabod's lap.  He thumbs pages absently, just keeps staring off.
158) 0) text: A fire burns in a circle of rocks.  Ichabod's ledger is thrown in.  The pages catch quickly. Ichabod watches, then walks away.  He's about to climb on Gunpowder, but on second thought he opens his satchel and digs out a BOOK.  He walks back to the fire, throws it on "Romeo and Juliet."  Flames devour it.
160) 0) text: Ichabod packs up baggage.  Young Masbath is miserable.
160) 2) dialog: Nothing.  To hell with this place and all the people here. Ichabod closes a bag, throws it with others.
160) 4) dialog: (pause, softening) 
161) 0) text: A coach, with Gunpowder as one of its team, waits in the orchard.  Van Ripper comes to meet Ichabod and Masbath.
161) 1) dialog: Half now.  Half when we reach the city. Ichabod hands Van Ripper money.  Van Ripper takes the baggage.  Ichabod looks to the Manor House.  Only one lig shines, in a second floor window. Katrina can be seen there a moment as she closes curtains Ichabod turns to Young Masbath, who is beginning to cry.
161) 2) dialog: This is farewell.
161) 4) dialog: I cannot. (bends to Masbath) 
161) 6) text: Van Ripper and his wife will look after you.  They will.  You will be well cared for. Young Masbath hugs.  Ichabod hugs back, swallowing.
161) 7) dialog: I am sorry. (quietly) 
161) 8) text: Forgive me.  I failed you. Ichabod releases and goes quickly away, finding this mise unbearable.  He climbs in the coach.
162) 0) text: Ichabod's coach moves through the town square.  A few peo in the churchyard's tent city come out to watch it pass.
166) 0) text: Ichabod takes off his hat, sets it on the seat.  The wind between him and the driver slides open.
166) 2) text: The Van Tassel girl said to give it to you after you were gone. Ichabod takes it.  It is the bird/cage spinning toy.  He studies it.  What melancholy.
169) 0) text: Ichabod turns the strings on the bird/cage toy, ponders i The paper disk spins, images flickering until the bird appears to be inside the cage. Ichabod keeps spinning it, looks out the window. A tear rolls down his cheek. The bird cage toy's rotation slows... stops. Ichabod looks at it a long moment, then pockets it and le forward to the window at front.
169) 2) dialog: Van Ripper, turn the coach about!
169) 4) dialog: Turn around.  Now!
171) 0) text: The coach comes to Lancaster's.  Ichabod climbs out befor even stops fully, satchel in hand.  He hurries...
172) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster, half asleep, comes to answer BANGING on door.  Ichabod pushes past, taking Lancaster's lantern.
172) 1) dialog: Pardon the intrusion...
173) 0) text: Ichabod enters.  There are two coffins on the floor.
173) 1) dialog: I never examined these bodies. Ichabod removes the lid from one coffin.  Lancaster is ab to say something indignant, but then just looks disgusted
173) 3) dialog: Would you stay, doctor?  I may need assistance. Lancaster reluctantly remains.  Ichabod stares at the dea Lady Van Tassel.  The neck wound is covered by a stained brown cloth, which Ichabod unwraps.
173) 4) dialog: Stains of blood.
173) 6) dialog: Jagged flesh.  (pause)
173) 7) text: The Horseman did not do this. Ichabod moves to the side of the coffin, lifting the hand with the stitched gash on its palm.
173) 8) dialog: Here, Doctor.  Hold this just so... Lancaster holds the lens so that Ichabod can study the cu through it.  Ichabod takes a scalpel-like knife from his satchel, lifts the hand and cuts stitches. THROUGH THE LENS: the gash spreads easily, soft, bloodles
173) 9) dialog: No clotting or gathering of pus.  No healing at all.
173) 11) dialog: When this cut was made, this person was already dead. (stands straight)
175) 0) text: Ichabod charges up to the church doors, pounding.
175) 1) dialog: Open the door.  Open up, damn it! (pounds, shouting)
175) 2) text: Lady van Tassel is alive.  The Horseman is her puppet.  Please...  The door opens and Huge Farmer points a rifle at Ichabod. Frightened people peer out from behind.
175) 4) dialog: Listen to me.  Lady Van Tassel has faked her death.  I need able men...
175) 6) dialog: No...
175) 8) text: Get out!  Isn't it enough that you have ruined this town?  Go! Ichabod backs away from the gun, frustrated, runs... At the DOCTOR'S RESIDENCE, Van Ripper is still on the coa Ichabod sprints over, breathless, taking out his pistol.
175) 9) dialog: Van Ripper... do you have a gun?
175) 11) dialog: May I see it? Van Ripper's confused, but hands the rifle over.  Ichabod immediately points his pistol at Van Ripper.
175) 12) dialog: Get down.  Hurry! Van Ripper climbs off.  Ichabod climbs up, whips the hors
175) 13) dialog: Sorry. Van Ripper watches the coach leave, still with his hands
178) 0) text: Ichabod drives the coach hard ahead.
181) 0) text: Ichabod guides the coach into the Van Tassel orchard.
183) 0) text: Ichabod leaps from the coach, bounds up the porch.
183) 1) dialog: Katrina!
184) 0) text: ICHABOD is HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel turns, astonished.
185) 0) text: Ichabod comes out the open front doors... hearing... KATRINA (o.s.)  (far away) 
185) 1) text: Ichabod! Ichabod climbs back on the coach, taking off.
186) 5) dialog: Climb up!
186) 7) dialog: I know.  Hold on. With Katrina and Masbath on board, Ichabod turns the coac Katrina unties Masbath's hands.  HOOFBEATS GET LOUDER.
186) 9) dialog: Christ.
187) 2) dialog: I do not know.  Away.
187) 4) dialog: We might make it to the church. Masbath takes a lantern, crawls back to the roof.
187) 6) dialog: Damn it, boy, get back here! Young Masbath slides back.  Katrina helps him.
187) 8) dialog: Take the reins. Young Masbath takes them.  Ichabod slings Van Ripper's ri over his shoulder and starts back.  Katrina grips him.
187) 9) dialog: Masbath is right.  We must do something. She releases.  Ichabod gets to the luggage area at the re struggling to open a storage box. Behind, the Horseman draws his sword, closer. Ichabod opens the box, hefting out a long, jagged SAW.
187) 11) dialog: Keep him off!  Block him! Masbath guides the horses over.  The Horseman must fall behind to avoid the wheels. The coach hits a large, fallen tree trunk. Ichabod bounces, falling... He hangs off the side of the coach. Katrina climbs to offer her hand.  Ichabod offers the saw
187) 12) dialog: Take it! Katrina takes the saw.  Now with both hands, Ichabod trie for better purchase.  He grips the coach door.  It opens. Ichabod clings to the open door as branches slam him. He's reaching to the coach threshold, reaching... Ichabod pulls himself inside. BOOM -- the door hits a tree trunk, bashed to pieces. Ichabod looks out from the coach, dazed.  He climbs. Katrina looks back as Young Masbath guides the coach to b the Horseman again. The Horseman sheaths his sword, riding... reaching to gri the back corner of the coach. The Horseman dismounts, clinging, climbing... Ichabod takes the rifle off his shoulder, aiming... BANG! -- splattering the Horseman's hand point blank.  Th Horseman hangs on with his other hand. The Horseman re-grips with the blasted hand, amazing sinc it's now all mush and bone. Ichabod throws the rifle on his way to the driver's perch taking the saw from Katrina.
187) 13) dialog: Move forward! Katrina looks to the horses, then at Ichabod.
187) 14) dialog: Go! Ichabod takes the reins from Young Masbath.
187) 15) dialog: Help her. Reins in one hand and saw in the other, Ichabod waits.  T Horseman rises up and moves in, taking out his sword. Young Masbath climbs down to the wooden pole connecting t coach to the bridles, puts out his hand.  Katrina takes i Behind, the Horseman swings.  Ichabod blocks with the saw Young Masbath guides Katrina as she leaps onto one horse. Bareback.  Young Masbath straddles the horse beside her. The Horseman swings, backhanded knocks the sword from Ichabod's hand as Ichabod falls back... Ichabod hits the bridle post, hanging onto straps for dea life.  His feet drag on the trail. Above, the Horseman comes to the driver's perch, close en to kill Katrina.  He raises his sword... Katrina screams, ducking, helpless... Below, Ichabod pulls a bolt from the coach's hitching-rod He shoves off with his feet. The Horseman swings.... missing. The horses detach from the coach, dragging Ichabod along. The coach careens out of control. It flies off the trail, hits an incline and sails off, throwing the Horseman. The coach hits a tree trunk and SMASHES. FURTHER DOWN THE TRAIL, the coach horses stop.  Young Mas and Katrina climb off as Ichabod gets to his feet, hurtin clutching his previously wounded shoulder.
187) 17) dialog: I doubt that's the end.
187) 19) dialog: He moves too fast. Ichabod unhooks a lantern off the bridle rail.  The trail behind is silent, till a bone chilling SCREECH is HEARD.
187) 21) dialog: His horse. They start moving.  Ichabod looks around.  He sees...
187) 22) dialog: There... Through the tree line, the Hollow's massive windmill can seen against the sky.  Katrina and Young Masbath run.
188) 0) text: Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath book into this open ar heading to the windmill.  Another HORRIBLE SQUEAL echoes. Ichabod looks over his shoulder. Heavy, low hanging BRANCHES and VINES at the forest edge creep to life, parting... forming a sort of black tunnel.
188) 1) dialog: He's coming! The Horseman gallops out, throwing leaves in his wake.
188) 2) dialog: Hurry! The Horseman readies a battle axe. Ichabod gets under the windmill, helping Young Masbath up ladder and in.  Katrina next. The Horseman is almost there. Ichabod follows Katrina.  He gets in, feet dangling.  The Horseman dismounts...
189) 0) text: Ichabod leaps up and struggles with the heavy trap door.. slams it.  He closes the latch just as the Horseman hits. The door buckles.
191) 0) text: POUNDING CONTINUES.  The grindstone shifts.  Katrina and Young Masbath back away.  Ichabod holds his lantern up, desperate for ideas, searching. Above, to the right, is the milling platform, where grain ground and bagged.  To the left is the crooked staircase. Ichabod picks up a bailing hook, a plan forming.  He give his lantern to Katrina and points.
191) 1) dialog: Get up those stairs.  Open the door to the roof and wait. Katrina and Young Masbath obey.  Ichabod crosses and clim the ladder to the milling platform.  He grasps a wooden lever, pulling it.  Gears above begin to turn.
193) 2) dialog: Keep climbing.  I will follow... Ichabod pulls bags of grain, lining them up at the edge o the milling platform.
193) 3) dialog: (under his breath) 
193) 4) text: Hopefully. ABOVE, Young Masbath reaches the ceiling, throws open the door to the roof. BELOW, Ichabod cuts holes into the grain bags, so milled grain spills out and falls to the floor, creating dust. He grabs one open bag and dumps it.  More grain dust.
195) 0) text: Ichabod sees below... the Horseman sticks a hand through, trying to push the grindstone aside, then withdrawing.  T RACKING axe continues.  Won't be long. Ichabod grabs one half-full bag of grain, swings it with effort, throws... The bag smashes on the grindstone, busting the door...
197) 0) text: Ichabod slices into a sack hanging from a pulley system. More and more dust rises. Below, the Horseman enters.  Katrina shouts from above.
198) 2) dialog: No. (takes lantern, points) 
200) 0) text: Ichabod shepherds Katrina and Young Masbath to the edge w the rotors spin close.
200) 1) dialog: The blades will carry us to the ground. Face front and wait for me.
200) 3) dialog: We have no choice. Ichabod moves back to the trap door. Katrina and Young Masbath look at the rotors, and down at long distance between them and the ground.
200) 4) dialog: Be ready... Ichabod throws the lantern into the windmill and runs.
200) 5) dialog: Now!
202) 0) text: Young Masbath jumps.  Ichabod grips Katrina and jumps... They hit one rotor and cling to the frame and cloth.  The rotor begins its downwards swing.
204) 0) text: The rotor is halfway to its lowest point.  Masbath, Katri and Ichabod hang on as the entire structure trembles. BOOM -- flames shoot out the windows, doors and seams, lighting up the night. On the rattling rotor, Ichabod struggles to hold the fram with one hand and keep a grip on Katrina. Masbath drops.  Ichabod releases Katrina, then drops. They hit the ground.  Ichabod rolls, gasping, holding his shoulder.  They all look at each other in disbelief a mom Ichabod lets out a sort of rasping laugh, standing.
204) 1) dialog: Okay... come on... Ichabod ushers them across the field, uphill.  Running. Lightning flashes across the sky.  THUNDER RUMBLES. A bolt strikes the windmill, and it EXPLODES... SHOCKWAVE DEAFENING.  The rotors bust apart.  Splinters o burning wood spin all directions. ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath keep running.  There is a WOODEN CART parked ahead. IN THE WINDMILL RUBBLE, the Horseman rises, shoving off burning debris.  His flame-ravaged uniform smolders. ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod stumbles onwards, but notices something horrible... In the distance, Lady Van Tassel's white horse roams free
204) 2) dialog: (as this registers)
204) 3) text: Oh, no... Young Masbath and Katrina are just past the cart when Lad Van Tassel rises from behind it, swings a plank... SLAMS Ichabod in the chest and sends him down. Lady Van Tassel grabs Katrina's hair, drags her.
204) 8) dialog: Let her go!
204) 10) dialog: No! The cart rolls downhill.  Ichabod moves forward. Lady Van Tassel turns, brandishing the scissors, slashing missing.  Ichabod backs off. DOWNHILL, the cart picks up speed, headed for the Horsema The Horseman starts running to meet it. UPHILL, Lady Van Tassel grins.
204) 12) dialog: Horseman! The skull spins through the air... The Horseman drops Katrina, reaches up... Catches the skull. Katrina runs. Ichabod runs to meet her, grabs her as she falls, exhaust Together, they back away from the Horseman. The Horseman holds the skull out, then brings it to his shoulders, to its rightful place.  THUNDER POUNDS. TRANSFORMATION begins -- blood and flesh rise up from the Horseman's throat and grip the skull. Young Masbath drops the plank, watching in awe. The Horseman's reformation continues.  Muscle forms.  Liq become solids.  He is made whole once more, the same evil human face we saw in Baltus' stories. He looks to Ichabod and Katrina, touches his restored fac Daredevil rides up, SCREECHING.  The Horseman replaces hi sward and climbs into the saddle. He rides towards Katrina and Ichabod, but passes them by. They are so exhausted they fall down. Young Masbath backs up as the Horseman comes, but the Horseman does not want him either. The Horseman leans to grab Lady Van Tassel's unconscious form, pulls her up across Daredevil's back. He rides away with her. Ichabod and Katrina watch him go.  They look at each othe then kiss gratefully. Ichabod looks to Young Masbath.
204) 13) dialog: How are you?
206) 0) text: A bright, busy day in New York.  A coach pulls up to Ichabod's home.  Ichabod is the driver.  He gets off, goe and opens the coach door.  He helps Katrina down.  Next, Young Masbath sticks his head out. Ichabod goes about unloading bags.  Katrina holds Young Masbath's hand, and they look down the street in wonder.