13) 10) text: They have a laugh at your expense. She takes the kerchief off to reveal a stunning beauty: KATRINA VAN TASSEL.  Ichabod tries to compose himself.
13) 11) dialog: Forgive me, I didn't know.
13) 16) dialog: Brom! Brom looks at her, then reluctantly releases Ichabod. MAN'S VOICE (o.s.)
13) 22) text: This is not a time for frivolity, Katrina, is it?  Am I mistaken?
13) 23) dialog: They're only children, father. Baltus snorts, then exits with Ichabod.  The others huddl gossip, except Katrina, who moves beside Lady Van Tassel watch Ichabod and Baltus walk down the hall.
17) 0) text: Ichabod makes notations in a LEDGER BOOK. KATRINA (v.o.)
17) 1) text: You will dream. Katrina strolls in, sits on the bed.  Ichabod is nervous.
17) 2) dialog: Did they tell?  It is something in the air so that dreams come to everyone.  According to the elders, an Indian prophet held powwows here before the land was taken, and spells cast then still linger to this day.
17) 4) dialog: You are horribly old-fashioned, aren't you?
17) 7) dialog: Well, I intended to apologize for the behavior of my friend Brom Van Brunt, but it seems I've made matters worse. (getting up to go)
17) 10) dialog: Other people?
17) 12) dialog: It might have been more.  Might have been positively grand talk. Ichabod offers his chair, backing away.  Seeing it is the only one, he remains standing.  Katrina sits.
17) 13) dialog: Is it me, or are you this nervous around all women?
17) 15) dialog: My suitor?
17) 17) dialog: He has proposed to me twice.
17) 19) dialog: I've read a great deal about your New York City.  Do be a dear and tell me all about it.  Sounds like an extraordinary place to live a life.
19) 0) text: Ichabod leans on a dresser.  Katrina's still seated.
19) 1) dialog: Not all think it is the Horseman. Many say witches come from the Western Woods to steal skulls for their cauldrons.  Some believe a person in this very town kneels before Lucifer, offering death as tribute.  And, still others believe none of it.
19) 3) dialog: To call a person superstitious is to imply they fear magic, but not all magic is black.
19) 5) dialog: Really?  Then... what is your rebuttal to those romantic poets claiming proof of magic in a rose at full bloom, or even in a teardrop?
19) 7) dialog: (laughs)
19) 8) text: You are funny. Ichabod doesn't get what's so funny about that.  The DIST TOLL of a BELL is HEARD.  Katrina looks fearful. She goes to open a window.  The BELL TOLLS...
23) 0) text: ... TOLLS.  Ichabod bounds out to the lawn, halting to listen.  Katrina and Baltus come out on the porch.
23) 3) text: Madness. Baltus ushers Katrina back in.  The door slams.
40) 0) text: Opposite an elaborate loom, Katrina reads by candlelight. She looks up, seeing Ichabod enter.
40) 2) dialog: You do not disturb me.  Please stay. Having trouble sleeping?
40) 4) dialog: You pay great attention to small things.  I hide these as I hide all my books.  Father would not approve, lest it were the Bible.
40) 6) dialog: These are strange... may I? She takes his hand, spreads the fingers to the palm.  She touches the many evenly spaced scars.
40) 7) dialog: These scars.  How did you get them?
40) 9) dialog: It would be interesting to find out. Their eyes meet.  Ichabod gets back to the ledger.  Katri seems to relish the effect she has.  Ichabod finds a pape disk on string, illustrated thusly:
40) 12) dialog: Yes, he does.  May I try? Ichabod gives it.  She spins it, smiling.
40) 14) dialog: You made this, and the drawings?
40) 16) dialog: Don't you see why?  Look closely a moment.  Put your intellect aside.  (spinning it) 
40) 18) dialog: Oh, you are hopeless.  May I keep it at least?
40) 20) dialog: Then, I also have a gift for you. True magic which even you will not be able to deny. She hands him a book.  "ROMEO AND JULIET."  Ichabod stand offering it back, but she will not take it.
40) 22) dialog: I insist that you have it.
40) 25) dialog: That would be a pity.  Those words might show you something you've never seen before. Ichabod stops at the door, looks back.  He exits.
45) 0) text: KNOCKING is HEARD.  Ichabod gasps awake. KATRINA (o.s.)
46) 0) text: Katrina holds a tray of food.  The DOOR is HEARD UNLOCKIN
47) 0) text: Katrina enters.  Ichabod sits at his work table.
47) 1) dialog: Are you hungry? Ichabod shakes his head, won't look up.  Katrina crosses. She begins picking up pieces of the PLASTER HOOFPRINT CAS which lies shattered on the floor.
47) 2) dialog: You promised justice.
47) 4) dialog: People have put their trust in you.
47) 6) dialog: Won't they still have that justice? (patience waning)
52) 24) text: Constable... ! Katrina's on horseback below, unhappy.
52) 25) dialog: I need to speak with you.  Alone.
53) 0) text: Ichabod and Katrina lead their horses.  A heated argument
53) 1) dialog: Why would you do such a thing?
53) 3) dialog: I have misjudged you I think.  I did not imagine you were so cruel.
53) 5) dialog: What are you on about?
53) 7) dialog: Must I hear this?
53) 9) dialog: And this gives worth to butchery?
53) 11) dialog: What is it then?  Scientific method? How can any of this matter in the slightest?
53) 13) dialog: Take a lesson from Young Masbath's desires, Ichabod Crane.  He follows with you to avenge his father's death. That I understand.  But, what do you want?
53) 15) dialog: But, why?  Tell me why. Ichabod struggles for a reply.
53) 16) dialog: You falter with your answer because you strive without putting the whole of your heart into it.  Can't you see? You'll bring dignity to the dead even if you have to chop them into little pieces to do it.
53) 18) text: If it had been surgery on a living person, done to save that person's life, you would not question it.  Not for a moment.  So, let me be the first to tell you, dear girl... on the other side of these sheltering mountains, a whole world has advanced beyond such plebeian thinking as yours.  And someday, no matter how much you fear it, that world will come to roust Sleepy Hollow out of its slumber. Katrina storms away.  Ichabod's already regretting.
71) 2) dialog: Stop this!  Leave them alone! A SHOT RINGS OUT.  Chaos halts.  Everyone turns, quieting The men around Masbath and Ichabod turn to face Brom Bone Brom holds a smoking pistol, flanked by Theodore and Glen
74) 0) text: Katrina comes to the door.  Ichabod is seated by the fire eyes bleary, palms wrapped with bloodied cloth.
74) 1) dialog: Constable Crane? Katrina comes beside Ichabod's chair.
74) 3) dialog: What troubles you? She moves in front.  Ichabod gets up and crosses to sit facing away.  Katrina takes the chair he deserted.
74) 4) dialog: The things I said to you before... I was wrong to say them.
74) 6) dialog: What has happened? Ichabod sits silent, puts his head back, eyes closed.
74) 8) dialog: What?
74) 10) dialog: No, but... why do you ask that?
74) 12) dialog: She died.  Her lungs were diseased... two years ago.  What is this about?
74) 15) dialog: If you want me to go, I will.  Do you want me to leave?
74) 17) dialog: Why are you so afraid of that?  Is there truly such harm in uncertainty? She kneels, smiles a little for him.  She reaches to touc his face, holds his head in her hands.  Leans to kiss him He rests his head against hers, weary, putting his arms around her.  They kiss passionately.
78) 11) dialog: It is only me.
78) 13) dialog: I apologize if I worried you.
78) 15) dialog: But, I am not alone, am I?  I only wished to see what you were up to, and... (takes out WHITE ROSE) 
79) 0) text: Raining still.  Ichabod, Masbath and Katrina come into a clearing, mouths falling open at the sight of... A monstrously huge TREE OF THE DEAD, at the clearing's center, with branches reaching far and wide, knotted and gross, like agony captured in wood sculpture. Ichabod dismounts, crossing a line beyond which grass and weeds will not grow.  Young Masbath and Katrina dismount.
79) 3) dialog: What did you say? Ichabod goes to where Katrina and Masbath wait with the horses, digs in a saddle bag for a hand axe.
79) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
79) 8) dialog: My God... what has happened?
80) 0) text: Rain.  Young Masbath's crouched, muddy, rifle across his knees.  He's watching the tree. Behind him, Katrina climbs out of the shallow grave near pile of mud.  Ichabod hands up the shovel.
80) 1) dialog: Masbath, we've found it. Young Masbath goes to the grave.  Ichabod pulls at thick burlap cloth, straining as it comes away. Ichabod looks down, disbelieving.
80) 4) dialog: The skull is gone.
80) 8) text: Someone controls the Horseman. KATRINA (o.s.) 
80) 9) text: Ichabod! Ichabod turns, looks... Katrina and Young Masbath back away, because the ROOTS in grave are ALIVE, further entwining around remains. Ichabod spins to the twisted tree... The vertical SUTURE SEETHES, pulling inwards... sucking Philipse's head back in and closing, bubbling. Ichabod bounds over grave dirt pile, hastening Katrina an Young Masbath along as he flees. At the tree, the suture swells. Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath pass where their freak horses are tied to a fallen trunk, heading for cover. A RUMBLING is HEARD from the twisted tree, which suddenly BURSTS wide, spitting smoldering cinders. At the tree line, Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath cowe looking back. From the tree wound, a glow brightens, till the Headless Horseman and Daredevil EXPLODE into existence... They hit the ground running. Ichabod watches the Horseman ride away with bolts of LIGHTNING STRIKING the GROUND BEHIND. The Horseman disappears in the forest.
109) 0) text: Candlelight.  Ichabod, shirtless, feverish, opens his eye The wound at the top of his chest is raw.  Katrina insert needle in the skin around it.
109) 1) dialog: Lay still, Ichabod.  Do not move.
109) 5) dialog: I'm drawing bad blood from the wound. Doctor Lancaster comes to the bed.
110) 0) text: Ichabod is soundly asleep.  Across the room, Katrina is a his work table.  Ichabod stirs.  Katrina looks to him. Once she is satisfied he will not wake, she returns to wh she was doing, turning a page.  She is reading his ledger
120) 0) text: Young Masbath is seated, bored.  Ichabod writes in his ledger.  A KNOCK on the door.  They both look up. KATRINA (o.s.) (from outside door)
130) 2) text: Katrina. The wax seal is broken, flecks of wax on the floor.
142) 0) text: Storming.  The meeting is letting out.  Near the churchya gate, Young Masbath rides with Katrina following on a hor cart.  Ichabod walks up as Katrina dismounts.
142) 1) dialog: What is so urgent?
142) 3) dialog: Why have I not seen your face for so long?  You look much better. She touches his face, but he takes her hand, places the l agreements there.
142) 6) dialog: I have been reading your journal. I'm sorry.  I found it too fascinating to resist.  (pause, ashamed) 
142) 9) dialog: When... when you spoke father's name along with accusations, I could not believe it.  I had to hide these... at least till I could confront him myself.
142) 11) dialog: He did not do these things.  If you knew him, you would realize...
142) 13) dialog: I have not been able to face him yet.
142) 15) dialog: Yes, I have seen that, and I told you why I hid them.
142) 17) dialog: (tiring, angry) 
142) 20) dialog: Call me a liar, then, and a murderess. Say it, out and out. Many people are starting to notice the confrontation.
142) 22) dialog: Speak the words, Constable.  What is stopping you?  What has happened to your ability to transcend sentimentality? Emotions tear at him.  Rain seems to pound down harder.
142) 23) dialog: Oh, no.  No.  Please... don't dare stand looking as if you still care for me, after all that you have said.  If I were to confess, would that ease your suffering?  Would that make it easier for you to hate me?! A TORTURED CRY is HEARD O.S. Baltus comes charging through the square on his horse.
142) 26) dialog: Father?
142) 29) dialog: Father! Katrina runs after Baltus.  Ichabod backs away, watching Horseman come, then heads to the church with Masbath. Baltus pushes through the iron gate, into tent city, join the swarm of townsfolk pouring into the church. The Horseman rides behind, closing the gap.  Men, women a children run for cover all along the square. Amidst the churchyard panic, Ichabod looks back... The Horseman reaches the open gate and Daredevil suddenly rears up, snorting, unwilling to enter. The Horseman grabs Daredevil's reins, tries to move forwa again.  Same result.  Daredevil freaks out.
143) 2) dialog: Father! Ichabod goes to a window, looking out between boards.
145) 0) text: Ichabod comes away from the window, looking to panicked citizens.  He sees Katrina moving up the aisle... She's heading towards Baltus, who slams against the door Steenwyck's room.
147) 3) dialog: 
151) 2) dialog: Father...
151) 4) text: You said it.  The Horseman will not have me. CRASH, the harpoon-like post SPEARS through a window, trailing rope tied to it... CRACK -- SKEWERS Baltus from behind, the bloodied point bursting out his breast bone. Baltus looks down, drops the gun... clutching the post wi both hands.  Blood streams out his mouth.  Katrina scream The rope yanks Baltus back.  He SLAMS into the WINDOW...
154) 0) text: Doctor Lancaster comes out from where Katrina is asleep. closes the door, wipes his sweaty face.  Ichabod waits.
164) 0) text: A plate of food sits untouched.  Katrina is slumped down chair, heartbroken, staring into the fireplace. Behind her, a shadow moves across the room.
167) 0) text: Katrina sits with her eyes closed.  A BOARD is HEARD CREAKING.  She sits up. Suddenly, a FIGURE in black is be her as she turns.  WHACK! -- a gloved fist strikes.
176) 0) text: In a wooded area, Katrina lies unconscious.  Gloved hands reach to her hair and cut off a clump with SCISSORS. A conjuring pile has been made, containing a small animal heart with an iron nail through it.  Katrina's hair is ad and the pile is lit to burn. Nearby, Young Masbath watches, on his belly with his hand tied behind his back. Lady Van Tassel whispers over the fire, her white horse t nearby.  She looks to Katrina, who stirs. Lady Van Tassel takes the Horseman's skull from a bag ove her shoulder, places the skull in the flames.  THUNDER is HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel looks up, smiles.
179) 0) text: Katrina sits up, groggy.  Lady Van Tassel looks down at h
179) 1) dialog: You... you are alive.
179) 7) dialog: Father saw you die.
179) 11) text: I mean, there I was that fateful day, following Baltus into the woods.  I did not know what he was up to... where he was going.  I worried for his safety. Katrina cautiously moves the hand she's supporting hersel with, feels a rock and clutches it.
179) 13) dialog: No one will believe your lies, whore.
182) 4) text: By sheer luck I found my way back to the Hollow.  But... what do I find here... ?  My dear, sweet step-daughter Katrina is dead.  Why has God forsaken her? Seeing that Lady Van Tassel lavish attention on Katrina, Masbath takes this opportunity to ease onto his knees.
184) 1) dialog: Murderer! Katrina slings the rock -- strikes Lady Van Tassel in the head, a glancing blow that knocks her down.  Katrina runs Katrina grips Young Masbath, helping him up... But, Lady Van Tassel scrambles up, grabs Katrina and thro her back to the ground. Lady Van Tassel steps hard on Katrina's ankle, touches he forehead, bleeding, pissed.
184) 3) dialog: Ichabod! Lady Van Tassel rolls, recovering, not very concerned.
185) 0) text: Ichabod comes out the open front doors... hearing... KATRINA (o.s.)  (far away) 
186) 0) text: Katrina and Young Masbath run out from a line of trees.
186) 1) dialog: Ichabod!
187) 0) text: The coach hits the long straight road, away from the hous Katrina and Masbath hold on as the coach shakes violently
187) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
187) 5) dialog: Masbath... ! He ignores, reaching the rear of the coach and throwing t lantern at the Horseman.  It smashes on the trail.
187) 10) dialog: Ichabod! Ichabod looks.  The Horseman rides up, swinging... Ichabod recoils -- THWACK -- just missed by sword. The Horseman lets the coach get ahead, shifting to the other side of the trail... coming along side. Ichabod backpedals, looking to Masbath.
187) 18) dialog: The church.
187) 20) dialog: What was that?
188) 0) text: Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath book into this open ar heading to the windmill.  Another HORRIBLE SQUEAL echoes. Ichabod looks over his shoulder. Heavy, low hanging BRANCHES and VINES at the forest edge creep to life, parting... forming a sort of black tunnel.
191) 0) text: POUNDING CONTINUES.  The grindstone shifts.  Katrina and Young Masbath back away.  Ichabod holds his lantern up, desperate for ideas, searching. Above, to the right, is the milling platform, where grain ground and bagged.  To the left is the crooked staircase. Ichabod picks up a bailing hook, a plan forming.  He give his lantern to Katrina and points.
193) 0) text: Katrina looks down from the stairs. The Horseman's axe pries at the seam of the trap door.
193) 1) dialog: Ichabod...
194) 0) text: Masbath and Katrina come out.  Rotors spin behind them.
197) 0) text: Ichabod slices into a sack hanging from a pulley system. More and more dust rises. Below, the Horseman enters.  Katrina shouts from above.
198) 0) text: Katrina helps them onto the roof.
198) 1) dialog: Quickly, close it.
200) 0) text: Ichabod shepherds Katrina and Young Masbath to the edge w the rotors spin close.
200) 2) dialog: I... I can't do this.
202) 0) text: Young Masbath jumps.  Ichabod grips Katrina and jumps... They hit one rotor and cling to the frame and cloth.  The rotor begins its downwards swing.
204) 0) text: The rotor is halfway to its lowest point.  Masbath, Katri and Ichabod hang on as the entire structure trembles. BOOM -- flames shoot out the windows, doors and seams, lighting up the night. On the rattling rotor, Ichabod struggles to hold the fram with one hand and keep a grip on Katrina. Masbath drops.  Ichabod releases Katrina, then drops. They hit the ground.  Ichabod rolls, gasping, holding his shoulder.  They all look at each other in disbelief a mom Ichabod lets out a sort of rasping laugh, standing.
204) 3) text: Oh, no... Young Masbath and Katrina are just past the cart when Lad Van Tassel rises from behind it, swings a plank... SLAMS Ichabod in the chest and sends him down. Lady Van Tassel grabs Katrina's hair, drags her.
206) 0) text: A bright, busy day in New York.  A coach pulls up to Ichabod's home.  Ichabod is the driver.  He gets off, goe and opens the coach door.  He helps Katrina down.  Next, Young Masbath sticks his head out. Ichabod goes about unloading bags.  Katrina holds Young Masbath's hand, and they look down the street in wonder.