31) 0) text: Ichabod comes out.  KILLIAN, a dashingly rustic man, carr his son, THOMAS, 5, and chats with Baltus.  Doctor Lancas peers off at something through a SPYGLASS.
31) 14) dialog: Master Crane, sir.  I'm glad we have time alone.  You've been told plenty about the Horseman, I'm certain.
31) 17) dialog: No, sir, no.  If you ask me, I say you just laid eyes on our murderer through that glass. Ichabod ponders, folding the spyglass.
31) 20) dialog: Van Ripper and his wife agreed to take him.  They have children and a good home and good land. Ichabod nods.  He turns to look THROUGH THE WINDOW.  In t DINING ROOM, Van Ripper rises, ill.  His wife questions h health, but he holds her off and vomits. Ichabod notes this with a deep sigh.
34) 0) text: A PSALM is HEARD READ by STEENWYCK O.S. while a coffin is exhumed.  Ichabod guides the lifting.  The coffin is put the headstone "WINDSOR."  Ichabod looks... At the church, Steenwyck faces about fifty people who now take up the PRAYER. Across the cemetery, two coffins, one small, one large, a pried open.  "VAN GARRETT, 1799."  Killian leads the effo with Young Masbath's aid... The lids come off, revealing the HEADLESS BODIES of a MAN a little BOY.  Young Masbath backs away. At the "WINDSOR" coffin, nails creak as Ichabod opens the lid.  WE DO NOT SEE inside, but when Ichabod does, he is aghast.  He looks to the men, angry.
34) 2) dialog: The Widow Windsor.
34) 4) dialog: It's not something people speak of openly.  She did not remarry. Ichabod kneels, studying.  Now, WE SEE: the belly of the headless corpse is bulbous, because the Widow Windsor was very far along in a pregnancy. Ichabod notices: a tear in the cloth of widow's blouse. reaches through the tear, feeling the stomach. He straightens, greatly troubled.
67) 3) dialog: Listen to me!  Do you want to save your crops?  Or would you rather see your farms go to ruin?
83) 0) text: Small home.  Killian, Thomas and Beth have finished suppe Beth clears plates as Killian picks his teeth with a knif
83) 2) dialog: Do you deserve to be?
83) 5) dialog: (smiles)
85) 2) dialog: I am a bad habit.  There's nothing for it.
89) 0) text: Behind Killian, mantelpiece stones pulse, breathing almos imperceptibly.  Demonic faces form, then disappear and re again, shifting.  WIND HOWLS.
91) 0) text: The ENTIRE HOUSE CREAKS.  Killian looks up.  CREAKING STO The HOWLING WIND is LOUD.
93) 0) text: Killian stands, looking up.  The HOUSE CREAKS again, then suddenly the WIND CEASES.  Silence.
93) 1) dialog: Beth...
95) 0) text: With a ROAR, the fire flares.  Killian looks. WHHOOOSH the fire shoots up the fireplace.  Gone. Behind Killian, the DOOR SPLINTERS INWARDS.  The Horseman steps in, a battle axe in each hand.  WIND BLASTS... The DOOR to the other room SLAMS. Killian grabs a kitchen chair and hurls it at the Horsema The Horseman swings, smashing it aside.
95) 1) dialog: Beth... run!
96) 0) text: Beth hugs Thomas to her as she backs away. KILLIAN (o.s.) (from kitchen)
97) 0) text: Killian grabs an iron skewer from the fireplace, swings i fend off a blow from the Horseman. The Horseman swings the other axe.  Killian ducks.  The a cracks fireplace stone, throwing sparks. Killian lunges, jamming the skewer into the Horseman. The skewer comes through the Horseman's back.  The Horsem swipes with the flat of one axe -- pounding Killian aside Killian hits the wall, bashing his head.  Hits the floor.
99) 0) text: The Horseman pulls the skewer out of his body, throws it. goes to lift Killian by the hair with one hand, brings ba the axe in the other...
102) 0) text: The Horseman's hands place Killian's and Beth's heads in sack, cinching the sack shut.
107) 0) text: Brom rides from the forest, charging across Killian's fie At Killian's house, Daredevil rides up as the Headless Horseman walks out with his sack of heads.  The Horseman the sack to the saddle and leaps up. Brom puts his reins in his mouth, raising his rifle. The Horseman heads away, past the barn, as Brom gains. Brom aims... FIRES! BOOM -- the slug EXPLODES, blowing the Horseman off Daredevil.  Daredevil keeps going.  The Horseman's smolde body is left "face down." Brom halts his horse.  He climbs down, pleased. The Horseman moves. Brom backs away, satisfaction diminishing. The Horseman gets on his knees. Brom falls to one knee, begins reloading.  He fills the g from his powder horn. The Horseman stands, unsheathes his sword and turns.  The blast has blown apart his uniform at the chest and should exposing rotten flesh and maggot-infested muscle. Brom readies his ramrod, jamming powder in the barrel. The Horseman charges. Brom stands, pulling out the ramrod.  The Horseman is on Brom swings the rifle, blocking.  Sparks fly. The battle is on, with Brom fending off the Horseman's sw with the gun -- CLANK -- CLANK -- CLANK. ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod and Gunpowder break into the op UP THE FIELD, the Horseman makes a backhanded swing.  Bro goes down, his rifle sent flying. Brom rolls to avoid as the Horseman slashes. Brom flees.  The Horseman pulls and throws a knife... THWAP -- the knife imbeds in Brom's thigh. The Horseman runs towards Brom. Ichabod closes in, pulling an unlit lantern off his saddl Brom tries to get up, bends to extract the knife. The Horseman, mid-run, changes his sword grip, blade down He plants one foot on Brom's back, raising his sword, abo to skewer... Ichabod arrives full gallop, SMASHES the lantern into the Horseman -- knocking the Horseman off Brom. AT THE EDGE OF THE FOREST, Theodore and Glen arrive on horseback.  They hold a moment, watching. Brom runs, limping, to the barn, goal in sight: farm implements propped there.  Brom grabs SCYTHES with long curved blades, one in per hand. The Horseman rises. Ichabod turns Gunpowder and leaps off, runs to Brom. The Horseman moves towards them, hefting a battle axe in free hand.  Ichabod steps up, pistol aimed, furious.