13) 17) text: What is this, then... ? BALTUS VAN TASSEL, 45, has entered, a working-class aristocrat.  LADY VAN TASSEL, 40, stands behind, a mix of home-spun wife and well-kept lady.
26) 10) dialog: You said yourself.  What mere man could have downed the Belltower?
43) 0) text: Lady Van Tassel comes to a door, knocks.  Sarah stands be with a tray of food.  Young Masbath is seated near.
43) 1) dialog: (to Young Masbath)
77) 0) text: Rain.  Ichabod comes out.  Across the lawn, Young Masbath bringing the horses. LADY VAN TASSEL (o.s.) 
77) 1) text: Good morrow, Constable. Ichabod turns to see Lady Van Tassel in a chair, sewing.
77) 2) dialog: Returning to the Western Woods?
77) 4) dialog: Use caution.
77) 7) dialog: As my husband says, a wife should be always like an echo, and at the same time, quite unlike an echo. (off Ichabod's confusion) 
77) 12) text: What about breakfast, woman?  Or, am I to starve to death? Lady Van Tassel gets up and goes in, taking the skillet.
109) 2) dialog: Doctor, he is awake. Ichabod tries to sit.  Pain stops him.  Lady Van Tassel h bleed the wound with the needle and a tube leading to a SUCTION JAR of blood.
128) 0) text: A lantern sits on a rock.  On a blanket, a semi-naked MAN semi-naked WOMAN are in the midst of rough SEX. Ichabod crawls to peer from underbrush. The couple keeps coupling, with the man on top.  His grun and gasps are particularly desperate.  He's all over the woman, who lays back... it is Lady van Tassel. Ichabod swallows, inches closer. Lady van Tassel pulls the man's shirt, exposes his flesh. She raises a small, sharp KNIFE behind his back. Ichabod's eyes widen. Lady Van Tassel brings the blade to her own hand, slicing deep in her palm.  Blood flows.  She rubs her cut hand ov her partner's arching back, smearing blood. Lady van Tassel caresses the man's chest, neck, face... trailing blood.  The man lifts his head, in ecstasy, suck the woman's bloody fingers... it's Clergyman Steenwyck. Ichabod backs away, having seen more than plenty.
135) 0) text: Lady Van Tassel prepares food with two servants at the op fireplace/oven.  Ichabod enters, rushed.
135) 2) dialog: No.  She has gone out.
135) 4) dialog: She has taken the last of our grain to be milled. (crossing to him) 
135) 7) dialog: Will you look at this?  I cut my hand this morning: I sewed it myself, but I am afraid it will go bad. Ichabod takes her hand, distracted and nervous.
135) 9) dialog: Look closer.  Do you have anything to clean it with?
135) 11) dialog: (whispering, close) 
135) 14) dialog: I know you followed last night.  You must promise not to tell Baltus... Ichabod tries to pull away, but she grips tighter.  The F DOOR is HEARD SLAMMING.  Ichabod is panicky.
135) 15) dialog: Have mercy on me.  Please... have mercy. Ichabod pulls away just as Baltus enters.  Lady Van Tasse goes back to work as if nothing happened.
141) 0) text: Raining hard.  Baltus and Lady Van Tassel ride.
153) 0) text: The storm has passed.  Empty forest.  Long, peaceful paus till Ichabod makes his way through, searching the ground. Ichabod comes to look down a small hill.  The corpse of L Van Tassel lies headless, in a dirty, torn dress. Ichabod walks to the body.  Lady Van Tassel's arm is twis behind.  The sewn cut on the palm of her hand faces up.
173) 12) text: This is not Lady Van Tassel.
174) 2) text: Is anyone here? Behind him, the door SLAMS open -- Lady Van Tassel reache grab Young Masbath by the throat.
175) 2) text: Lady van Tassel is alive.  The Horseman is her puppet.  Please...  The door opens and Huge Farmer points a rifle at Ichabod. Frightened people peer out from behind.
176) 0) text: In a wooded area, Katrina lies unconscious.  Gloved hands reach to her hair and cut off a clump with SCISSORS. A conjuring pile has been made, containing a small animal heart with an iron nail through it.  Katrina's hair is ad and the pile is lit to burn. Nearby, Young Masbath watches, on his belly with his hand tied behind his back. Lady Van Tassel whispers over the fire, her white horse t nearby.  She looks to Katrina, who stirs. Lady Van Tassel takes the Horseman's skull from a bag ove her shoulder, places the skull in the flames.  THUNDER is HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel looks up, smiles.
179) 0) text: Katrina sits up, groggy.  Lady Van Tassel looks down at h
179) 2) dialog: Am I?  Or, are you and Young Masbath dead along with me? Katrina sees Young Masbath, and beyond him, the dying fir
179) 4) dialog: And, quite beautifully done, wouldn't you say?  It is almost over. THUNDER again.  Wind starts to pick up.
179) 5) dialog: (of the wind) 
179) 8) dialog: He saw me thrown... saw the Horseman looming over me as I fled.  Things I wanted him to see.  But, as long as I govern the Horseman, he cannot harm me.  Baltus did not stay enough to see that.  He ran as a coward, unfettered by my fate.
179) 10) dialog: The precious servant girl Sarah.  I killed her and kept her body hidden, till I needed it.  And, when I return to the Hollow tomorrow, my version of the truth will come to pass.  (faking meekness) 
179) 12) dialog: Imagine my surprise, finding him on a liason with a common servant.  A girl who had apparently become his secret love.
179) 14) dialog: This whore will see your mouth shut forever very soon.  But... I am not going to kill you.  Not me... She picks up the Horseman's skull in her gloved hand.
179) 15) dialog: He will have that honor.
182) 0) text: Lady Van Tassel admires the skull.
182) 1) dialog: (mock sorrow) 
182) 2) text: Woe is me... that spying on my husband in his filthy indiscretion, I saw he and Sarah attacked by the Horseman. Oh pity me... so overcome was I that I wandered in the Western Woods... dazed... nearly blind from terror. Lady Van Tassel crouches, rubbing dirt on her face.
182) 3) dialog: And, tomorrow is my grand performance, having barely survived the elements... (more emoting) 
182) 4) text: By sheer luck I found my way back to the Hollow.  But... what do I find here... ?  My dear, sweet step-daughter Katrina is dead.  Why has God forsaken her? Seeing that Lady Van Tassel lavish attention on Katrina, Masbath takes this opportunity to ease onto his knees.
182) 5) dialog: (of herself, pleased) 
184) 0) text: ICHABOD is HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel turns, astonished.
184) 2) dialog: You've been a naughty girl. Young Masbath leaps to action, charging head first -- sla into Lady Van Tassel, sends her backwards. Katrina runs and pulls Masbath up.  They flee.
184) 4) dialog: Little bitch.
186) 3) dialog: Run, Katrina!  Fast as your pretty legs will carry you.  It makes no difference. ON THE LAWN, Ichabod drives towards Katrina and Masbath. Behind, at the tree line, Lady Van Tassel holds up the Horseman's skull, wind tossing her dress and hair.
186) 4) dialog: Nothing will stop him now! At mid-field, Ichabod reaches Katrina and Masbath.
186) 8) dialog: Olly-olly oxen-free! Ichabod looks back towards Lady Van Tassel. At the treeline, the Horseman breaks into the open, hell horseback.  Full speed ahead.
204) 3) text: Oh, no... Young Masbath and Katrina are just past the cart when Lad Van Tassel rises from behind it, swings a plank... SLAMS Ichabod in the chest and sends him down. Lady Van Tassel grabs Katrina's hair, drags her.
204) 4) dialog: Should have stayed away, Constable. Ichabod gets up slow, furious, reaches to his holster, on to find it empty.  He moves forward.
204) 5) dialog: Keep back, or I kill her. She takes out scissors, holds them to Katrina's neck. Katrina ceases struggling. Ichabod keeps Masbath behind him, keeps his distance.  La Van Tassel shoots a glance...
204) 6) dialog: See him... Par off, the Horseman strides from the wreckage.
204) 7) dialog: You cannot kill what is already dead.
204) 9) dialog: Yes... yes.  I think I will... Lady Van Tassel spins and throws Katrina in the cart, sho against it.
204) 11) dialog: Say goodbye to her. Lady Van Tassel lunges, stabbing.  Ichabod avoids, puts a his fury behind his fist -- punches her in the face. Lady Van Tassel hits the ground and her bag falls open, sending the Horseman's skull rolling out... The skull rolls... rolls... landing far away. DOWNHILL, Katrina leaps out from the cart... She lands hard... The Horseman shoves the empty cart aside, still on the mo UPHILL, Ichabod sees the skull.  He runs towards it. Lady van Tassel grabs Ichabod by the ankle.  He falls. DOWNHILL, Katrina runs back.  The Horseman is catching up UPHILL, Ichabod tries to pull f ree from Lady Van Tassel. Young Masbath comes behind her - BAM - hits her in the he with the wooden plank.  She's out. Ichabod scrambles to his feet. DOWNHILL, the Horseman catches Katrina, taking her by the hair as she falls to her knees and screams. UPHILL, Ichabod runs... grasps the Horseman's skull. He runs towards the Horseman and Katrina. DOWNHILL, Katrina struggles, but the Horseman holds her r by her hair... raises his sword... UPHILL, Ichabod throws the skull...
205) 0) text: HOOFBEATS.  The Horseman enters the clearing, keeping a h on Lady Van Tassel.  Ahead, the twisted tree awaits. Lady Van Tassel is awakening, face bloody.  She turns her head and looks forward.  She screams. The twisted tree's wound opens, wide and glowing. Daredevil picks up speed... Daredevil leaps just as a lightning bolt blasts down, striking the Horseman. For an instant, Horseman and horse are transformed, SKELE OF LIGHT, entering the tree. Silence and smoke.  At the tree, Lady Van Tassel's hand sticks out from the tight-shut suture. The sewn wound on her palm seeps blood.