14) 2) text: We are joined by Doctor Thomas Lancaster, Constable.  And to his left are, Clergyman Steenwyck and our able magistrate, Samuel Philipse, both keeping order in their own ways. PHILIPSE is youngest, eyes bloodshot, mug in hand and pip mouth.  CLERGYMAN STEENWYCK is formidably built, wearing constant look of disapproval.
31) 0) text: Ichabod comes out.  KILLIAN, a dashingly rustic man, carr his son, THOMAS, 5, and chats with Baltus.  Doctor Lancas peers off at something through a SPYGLASS.
83) 0) text: Small home.  Killian, Thomas and Beth have finished suppe Beth clears plates as Killian picks his teeth with a knif
83) 1) dialog: May I be excused, father?
83) 6) text: Then, go. Thomas gets down from his chair.  He goes to the fireplac light a tallow wick, which he takes to the next room.
84) 0) text: Thomas plops on the floor and lights his MAGIC LANTERN: a lantern with an outer sleeve of glass painted with silhouettes of lions and monsters. Thomas turns the lantern and looks to the walls where the creatures, shadows are thrown.  He roars for them, imagin them real and having a grand time.
86) 0) text: Thomas continues his fun, shadow animals circling him. In the shifting light, a baby spider comes from a crack i the wall.  Then, another spider skitters out.  More follo
88) 0) text: Thomas still watches shadow beasts, but sees something el He goes to the crack where hundreds of spiders flee all directions. Thomas is amused.
90) 0) text: Beth enters, looking at Thomas.
92) 0) text: Beth comes to Thomas' side as he points.
92) 1) dialog: Spiders. Beth bends to see the swarming spiders.  She looks up, noticing the FEROCITY of the WIND.
94) 0) text: Beth picks up Thomas.  The magic lantern creatures begin spinning anew, all around.
96) 0) text: Beth hugs Thomas to her as she backs away. KILLIAN (o.s.) (from kitchen)
100) 0) text: At the trap door, Beth lowers Thomas to stairs leading to cellar.  Thomas is crying.
100) 2) dialog: Mommy...
101) 0) text: Beth's SCREAMS are abruptly CUT OFF.  Her BODY is HEARD HITTING the floor above.  Thomas crosses the cellar, stumbles.  He scurries into the shelter of a wheelbarrow propped against the wall.  FOOTSTEPS are HEARD.
104) 0) text: Thomas' trembling hands pull the wheelbarrow closer.  QUI He tries to control his sobbing.
106) 0) text: A hole appears in the ceiling as debris falls. Thomas looks up, terrified.  He gets up to run away... The Horseman's arm shoves through above, grasping Thomas yanking him up.
125) 5) text: There are none for Magistrate Philipse either.  "Paasch, James" "Pieter, Thomas" "Pos, William." A FLOORBOARD CREAKS.  Ichabod looks, blows out the lanter He and Young Masbath stand frozen. Across the room, light comes under the door, stops, then continues.  A DOOR is HEARD OPENING and SHUTTING.  Ichabo crosses to follow, pointing back.