16) 5) dialog: No, father.  Wait... (up to Philipse)
16) 8) dialog: Then... I go with you.
29) 0) text: A coffin in a grave.  Headstone reads "MASBATH, 1799."  A CROWD gathered.  Young Masbath broods.  Clergyman Steenwy steps forward to take a handful of newly dug dirt. Men with guns stand at the outskirts, like on guard. Steenwyck sprinkles dirt into the grave with prayerful wo In the crowd people whisper.  They steal glances at Ichab who stands with the Van Tassels.
30) 2) dialog: Whatever.  You still need a second to tend to your things.
30) 4) dialog: I deserve to help you.  Don't you see how much this means?  My father... he... he was a good man...
30) 6) text: Young Masbath, I am sorry for your loss.  It is a great and sad tragedy. However... I cannot be the one to look after you now.
30) 7) dialog: (angry) 
30) 8) text: I did not ask you to, did I? Young Masbath exits.  Ichabod remains impassive.
31) 19) text: What becomes of Young Masbath?
32) 0) text: Ocher dusk.  Ichabod rides to Young Masbath, seated on th ground, miserable.  Young Masbath does not look up.
34) 0) text: A PSALM is HEARD READ by STEENWYCK O.S. while a coffin is exhumed.  Ichabod guides the lifting.  The coffin is put the headstone "WINDSOR."  Ichabod looks... At the church, Steenwyck faces about fifty people who now take up the PRAYER. Across the cemetery, two coffins, one small, one large, a pried open.  "VAN GARRETT, 1799."  Killian leads the effo with Young Masbath's aid... The lids come off, revealing the HEADLESS BODIES of a MAN a little BOY.  Young Masbath backs away. At the "WINDSOR" coffin, nails creak as Ichabod opens the lid.  WE DO NOT SEE inside, but when Ichabod does, he is aghast.  He looks to the men, angry.
35) 0) text: Scissors cut open the widow's blouse.  There's an inch-lo WOUND on the moldering belly; a sword puncture. Ichabod examines the corpse on a table.  Lancaster watche anxiously mopping his face.  Young Masbath's in a corner. Ichabod goes to write in his ledger full of notes.
35) 2) dialog: I'm sure I don't know.
42) 0) text: Ichabod walks with Philipse.  Young Masbath follows with horses.  CICADAS CHATTER from a vast corn field.
42) 5) dialog: Um.... excuse me, sirs...
42) 7) text: Because of the Horseman, our migrant workers flee for their lives.  There is a danger that our crops will rot. So, if you are going to help us, you stop the Horseman.  That is your task... to kill an undead thing. Young Masbath looks to a fenced grazing area, worried.  T sheep there are agitated, all running one direction away.
42) 11) dialog: Sirs... please!
43) 0) text: Lady Van Tassel comes to a door, knocks.  Sarah stands be with a tray of food.  Young Masbath is seated near.
43) 2) text: Has he not come out at all? Young Masbath shakes his head.
47) 7) text: Or, was it a vain promise? Ichabod stews, head in his hands.  Someone is HEARD RUNNING... Young Masbath enters, frightened.
47) 8) dialog: Constable Crane... something has happened.
48) 0) text: The Lenape Indian hangs dead in a tree, lynched.  TOWNSFO are gathered.  Ichabod makes his way through, followed by Young Masbath, looking up. BROM (o.s.)
49) 2) dialog: How could he?
49) 4) text: Someone out there cared for him. Ichabod rises, deciding.  He picks up his satchel and exi Young Masbath is surprised.  He follows.
51) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath enter via a ladder from the underbelly.  Gears and counter wheels turn millstones.  A men work in the grain powder filled air. Ichabod leads the way to a staircase, up twists and turns
51) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
52) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath climb out a door to the roof. rotors spin nearby.  Ichabod searches the countryside. Below, MANY MEN are ride up the long straight road.
52) 2) dialog: It's payment day.  Loan monies are given to Baltus the last day each month.  Almost everyone borrows... for tools or to hire workers. Ichabod sits, takes a bowl from his bag and gives it to Masbath, then produces a bottle of water... fills the bow
52) 5) dialog: The Western Woods.
52) 7) dialog: Smoke.  Chimney smoke. Ichabod holds a piece of straw in his mouth, rubs the poi of a sewing needle against a small BLACK ROCK.
52) 9) dialog: What kind of nuts?
52) 11) dialog: It's spectacular.
52) 14) dialog: No, I couldn't...
52) 16) dialog: Thank you.
52) 18) text: Now, hold the bowl steady.  Back to business. Young Masbath lifts the bowl.  Ichabod drops in the needle/straw which floats and turns compass-like.
52) 20) dialog: (uneasy) 
54) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath ride to the Western Woods, hors loaded for expedition.  At the Belltower remnants, Ichabo slows, looking to the wreckage. At forest's edge, Young Masbath waits. Ichabod circles the tower.  With a sigh, he rides to join Young Masbath. They head into the woods.
55) 0) text: Dark, dense and creepy.  Ichabod and Young Masbath move through.  Young Masbath halts his horse and looks around.
55) 2) dialog: Listen.
55) 5) dialog: No crickets or cicadas calling.  No bird songs. Stark quiet.  Ichabod notes this unhappily.
56) 0) text: Ichabod's hand drops the needle/straw in the water bowl. needle spins.  The bowl is turned to match notches. Ichabod points the way to Young Masbath. ELSEWHERE, SOMEONE WATCHES:  A MOVING P.O.V. WATCHES them they ride, FOLLOWS.
59) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath step in. Walls are hung with skins and skeletons, dry flowers and grass in patterns.  An OLD CRONE sits facing away. The old Crone, a mountain woman with matted hair and grey features, sits disinterested.  Ichabod edges closer.
59) 7) dialog: Were you a friend to the Indian? (waits)
59) 8) text: You should have this... if you were his friend. Young Masbath puts the woven piece beside the cardinal. walks to join Ichabod in leaving.
61) 0) text: Young Masbath, waiting by the horses, looks up.  Through trees, black clouds billow and block the sun.
63) 2) dialog: What happened? Ichabod scrambles onto Gunpowder, heading further into th woods, glancing back.  Young Masbath follows.
64) 0) text: No rain.  Dark.  A lantern's glow creates shifting shadow Ichabod and Young Masbath ride.
64) 1) dialog: Follow the Indian trail to where the sun dies.  To the tree of the dead.  (looking back) 
64) 5) dialog: Should we go back?
65) 0) text: Horses are tied.  Ichabod is seated against a tree.  A campfire burns.  Young Masbath lies on a blanket, rifle c his chest, staring to treetops. Leaves and branches shift in the wind.  Bats fly wildly.
65) 1) dialog: What does it mean... climb down to the Horseman's soulless place?
65) 5) text: Do not move. Ichabod rises.  He creeps forward, pistol and lantern forward.  Foliage is thick.  CRUNCHING LEAVES are HEARD. Ichabod crouches, puts down the lantern and picks up a branch.  He tosses the branch to the foliage... SOME ANIMAL darts away, a running blur. Ichabod rises, following with his pistol. ANOTHER ANGLE, MOVING P.O.V.: low to the ground, moving swiftly at Ichabod... Ichabod spins, blindsided. Young Masbath fires his rifle -- CRACK!! The ANIMAL is KNOCKED DOWN mid-leap, yelping... The beast lands, a mass of grey fur. Ichabod comes to stare down.  Young Masbath arrives.  The both look to the beast, horrified. The creature lies helplessly spastic; a TWO-HEADED WOLF, one head blown open to brain and gore.  Its living head lifts, MEWING sadly, eyes pleading. Ichabod step up with pistol.  FIRES.  MEWING STOPS.
68) 0) text: Ichabod examines the Crone's neck wound with magnificatio spectacles.  Young Masbath is seated, ledger in his lap.
77) 0) text: Rain.  Ichabod comes out.  Across the lawn, Young Masbath bringing the horses. LADY VAN TASSEL (o.s.) 
78) 0) text: Heavy rain.  Ichabod and Young Masbath ride side by side.
78) 1) dialog: If the Crone's wound bled hard, that means she was not killed by the Hessian.  Someone only tried to make it look that way.
78) 3) dialog: Well... I'm one of the few people who likes you.
78) 6) dialog: Then, who murdered the Old Crone?  And why?
79) 0) text: Raining still.  Ichabod, Masbath and Katrina come into a clearing, mouths falling open at the sight of... A monstrously huge TREE OF THE DEAD, at the clearing's center, with branches reaching far and wide, knotted and gross, like agony captured in wood sculpture. Ichabod dismounts, crossing a line beyond which grass and weeds will not grow.  Young Masbath and Katrina dismount.
79) 1) dialog: You were right... it does draw attention to itself. Ichabod stares up into the endless, dead canopy of branch He circles the incredibly wide trunk. There's a VERTICAL WOUND in the bark, as if the tree once a terrible vertical in it, now partially healed and disgustingly scarred.  Ichabod approaches. He feels the mushy scar, picking at its scabs till much s begins to trickle. It is red and Ichabod fingers it.
79) 4) dialog: What is it?
79) 11) dialog: We should go.
80) 0) text: Rain.  Young Masbath's crouched, muddy, rifle across his knees.  He's watching the tree. Behind him, Katrina climbs out of the shallow grave near pile of mud.  Ichabod hands up the shovel.
80) 9) text: Ichabod! Ichabod turns, looks... Katrina and Young Masbath back away, because the ROOTS in grave are ALIVE, further entwining around remains. Ichabod spins to the twisted tree... The vertical SUTURE SEETHES, pulling inwards... sucking Philipse's head back in and closing, bubbling. Ichabod bounds over grave dirt pile, hastening Katrina an Young Masbath along as he flees. At the tree, the suture swells. Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath pass where their freak horses are tied to a fallen trunk, heading for cover. A RUMBLING is HEARD from the twisted tree, which suddenly BURSTS wide, spitting smoldering cinders. At the tree line, Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath cowe looking back. From the tree wound, a glow brightens, till the Headless Horseman and Daredevil EXPLODE into existence... They hit the ground running. Ichabod watches the Horseman ride away with bolts of LIGHTNING STRIKING the GROUND BEHIND. The Horseman disappears in the forest.
80) 12) dialog: Constable!
111) 0) text: Young Masbath lies awake.  A glint of light crosses the window.  Masbath looks to it, gets up, peers out. THROUGH THE WINDOW, he can see the Van Tassel Manor House the distance.  Lantern LIGHT crosses the lawn.
112) 0) text: The lantern light moves through the orchard, away from th house.  We cannot make out the person. Elsewhere, Young Masbath runs in pursuit.  He hides again one tree, leans to look... The light enters forest.  Young Masbath follows.
113) 1) dialog: Someone left last night.  Looked like they headed to the square, but I lost them in the forest.
113) 3) dialog: All I saw was their lantern.
113) 5) dialog: If someone has the Horseman's skull... if they control the Horseman, then why haven't they sent him for your head yet?
113) 9) dialog: I'll get it. Young Masbath gets down, ready to crawl for it, but Ichab stops him, peering under.
113) 11) dialog: (whispers) 
114) 0) text: WAGONS, HORSES and TOWNSPEOPLE swarm.  A CROWD loots the town's general store.  Provisions are passed along man to and loaded on wheelbarrows. All up and down the long straight road, home owners board windows with lumber. Ichabod and Young Masbath ride, passing many angry faces.
115) 0) text: Tidy room.  Young Masbath watches Ichabod hand a slip of paper to the elderly Notary, Hardenbrook.
115) 11) dialog: What good is this?
117) 0) text: Hardenbrook is asleep in a chair, snoring, blind eye open Ichabod and Young Masbath face official-looking documents with Ichabod focused on one will in hand.
117) 1) dialog: My father had farm land.  It was the only thing we owned of any value.
117) 4) dialog: Yes. Ichabod turns the will in his hand to Masbath.
117) 10) dialog: But, if the farm is not mine, who stole it away?
117) 12) dialog: In test... what?
117) 14) dialog: What does it mean? Ichabod stares off.
117) 16) dialog: (realization) 
117) 19) dialog: Yes.  I rode with him on payment days. Ichabod stands, grim, gathering wills and his ledger.
120) 0) text: Young Masbath is seated, bored.  Ichabod writes in his ledger.  A KNOCK on the door.  They both look up. KATRINA (o.s.) (from outside door)
123) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath look out, cautious.  They move the nearest door. Ichabod crouches, using the candle to mark the seam of th door and door frame.  He's making a low, wax seal.  If th door opens, the seal will break. They move to a second door, quietly.  Ichabod makes anoth low wax mark.
125) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath enter, shutting the door.  Icha walks to shelves at Baltus' desk, looks through ribbon bo DOCUMENTS and hands some to Masbath. Young Masbath pulls off the ribbon, pages through these " AGREEMENT" parchments.  Ichabod brings another pile.
125) 2) text: They are alphabetical. Young Masbath has the M's.  "MARYIE," "MEGAPOLENISIS," AN "MELYN..." Not finding what he wants.
125) 3) dialog: There is no Masbath here.  My father's loan papers are missing.
125) 5) text: There are none for Magistrate Philipse either.  "Paasch, James" "Pieter, Thomas" "Pos, William." A FLOORBOARD CREAKS.  Ichabod looks, blows out the lanter He and Young Masbath stand frozen. Across the room, light comes under the door, stops, then continues.  A DOOR is HEARD OPENING and SHUTTING.  Ichabo crosses to follow, pointing back.
129) 0) text: Young Masbath unlocks the door.  Ichabod enters.
129) 1) dialog: I was getting worried.  Who was it?
129) 3) dialog: What was she doing?
129) 5) dialog: No.  They are all missing. This troubles Ichabod.
129) 6) dialog: There is more, though.  While you were gone, I could hear someone else walking through the house.
130) 0) text: Ichabod and Young Masbath creep round a corner.  Going to LAST DOOR, Ichabod crouches, eyes narrowing...
131) 0) text: Ichabod and Masbath come downstairs, checking all the wax marks.  Young Masbath finds one broken.
131) 1) dialog: Here. Ichabod comes over, pushes the door...
133) 1) dialog: There are no other doors.  This is as far as she could have gone.
133) 4) dialog: What books?
133) 6) dialog: But, sir... what books?  Where are they? Ichabod stops, looking around.  No books anywhere.
133) 7) dialog: If there is a secret place for books... it could be just as good for the missing loan agreements. Ichabod ponders this without saying anything.
134) 1) text: - Drawers are opened and searched, quietly. - Young Masbath uses a candle to look up the fireplace. - Ichabod opens a linen cabinet, unfolding blankets. - Young Masbath looks in a closet filled with big spools sewing thread, on his knees, pulls a wooden box forward. Inside it, he finds only old cups and silverware. Ichabod pulls up a rug, feeling along the floorboards. Young Masbath crawls, doing the same.  He climbs under th loom, tapping on the floor.  TAP... TAP... TAP... He crawls further under the loom.  TAP... TAP... PLONK. hollow sound.  He taps again... PLONK... PLONK.
134) 2) dialog: Constable. Ichabod comes over as Young Masbath lifts a loose board. Under the floor, there are piles of books.  Masbath bring them up, handing them to Ichabod, who studies the spines. Young Masbath reaches in up to his shoulder.  He comes up with "LOAN AGREEMENTS."
134) 3) dialog: Fie!  Here they are. Ichabod takes them.  Names are near the top: "Masbath," " Garret," "Philipse," and "Killian." Ichabod sits back, numb, his heart bitterly broken.
136) 7) dialog: (mounting his horse) 
142) 0) text: Storming.  The meeting is letting out.  Near the churchya gate, Young Masbath rides with Katrina following on a hor cart.  Ichabod walks up as Katrina dismounts.
147) 0) text: Rifleman shout to each other, running to the opposite win to follow the Horseman. Young Masbath grabs a rifle and leaps to join the brigade Baltus is still beating Steenwyck's door when a HUGE FARM grips Baltus angrily and throws him...
155) 0) text: It's getting dark.  Ichabod comes out and crosses the por A few of the Hollow's residents are here.  Young Masbath up and follows Ichabod onto the lawn. Ichabod walks without waiting.
155) 1) dialog: She's the one who controlled the Horseman, isn't she, sir?  Sir?  (no answer)
160) 0) text: Ichabod packs up baggage.  Young Masbath is miserable.
160) 1) dialog: Won't you change your mind, sir? What can I say to convince you?
160) 3) dialog: Why... why are you like this?
161) 3) dialog: Take me with you.  There's nothing left for me here.
161) 6) text: Van Ripper and his wife will look after you.  They will.  You will be well cared for. Young Masbath hugs.  Ichabod hugs back, swallowing.
161) 9) dialog: Do not go, Constable.  How can you leave? INSIDE THE COACH, Ichabod slumps back in darkness and clo his eyes.  He pounds twice on the coach wall. OUTSIDE, Van Ripper whips the reins.  The coach starts. Young Masbath follows.  The coach picks up speed on the l straight road. Young Masbath stops, wiping tears.
163) 0) text: The door is pushed open.  Young Masbath enters, looks aro the empty room.  He goes to sit in a chair at the work ta crossing his arms and resting his head.
170) 1) dialog: Hello?  Katrina? Masbath starts down a hall.  He does not see, in another room, Katrina's body is dragged across the floor.
174) 0) text: Young Masbath enters.  The door swings shut.
174) 1) dialog: Katrina. (steps forward) 
174) 2) text: Is anyone here? Behind him, the door SLAMS open -- Lady Van Tassel reache grab Young Masbath by the throat.
176) 0) text: In a wooded area, Katrina lies unconscious.  Gloved hands reach to her hair and cut off a clump with SCISSORS. A conjuring pile has been made, containing a small animal heart with an iron nail through it.  Katrina's hair is ad and the pile is lit to burn. Nearby, Young Masbath watches, on his belly with his hand tied behind his back. Lady Van Tassel whispers over the fire, her white horse t nearby.  She looks to Katrina, who stirs. Lady Van Tassel takes the Horseman's skull from a bag ove her shoulder, places the skull in the flames.  THUNDER is HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel looks up, smiles.
179) 3) dialog: She commands the Horseman.
179) 9) dialog: Then, whose body was it... ?
186) 0) text: Katrina and Young Masbath run out from a line of trees.
186) 2) dialog: Here we are! BEHIND IN THE FOREST, Lady Van Tassel rides her white hor in no hurry.  Wind kicks hard.  HOOFBEATS are HEARD.
186) 6) dialog: Lady Van Tassel...
187) 3) dialog: Here he comes! Behind, the Horseman can be seen on the forest bordered r Closing fast.  Breakneck pace.
187) 7) dialog: What can we do?
187) 16) dialog: What now?
188) 0) text: Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath book into this open ar heading to the windmill.  Another HORRIBLE SQUEAL echoes. Ichabod looks over his shoulder. Heavy, low hanging BRANCHES and VINES at the forest edge creep to life, parting... forming a sort of black tunnel.
189) 1) dialog: It won't hold. Ichabod goes to a large GRINDSTONE against a wall.  He struggles to roll it. Young Masbath helps him roll it to the trap door.  It fal on top with a thud.  The Horseman's sword jabs up through grindstone's center hole. The sword withdraws.  A POUNDING begins.
191) 0) text: POUNDING CONTINUES.  The grindstone shifts.  Katrina and Young Masbath back away.  Ichabod holds his lantern up, desperate for ideas, searching. Above, to the right, is the milling platform, where grain ground and bagged.  To the left is the crooked staircase. Ichabod picks up a bailing hook, a plan forming.  He give his lantern to Katrina and points.
193) 4) text: Hopefully. ABOVE, Young Masbath reaches the ceiling, throws open the door to the roof. BELOW, Ichabod cuts holes into the grain bags, so milled grain spills out and falls to the floor, creating dust. He grabs one open bag and dumps it.  More grain dust.
197) 1) dialog: Look out! The Horseman moves toward the ladder milling platform lad but Ichabod grabs it, pulling it up... The Horseman just misses the final rung. Ichabod throws the ladder aside as the Horseman backs off Ichabod looks to the staircase.  No way to climb down fro the milling platform and get there. The Horseman runs and leaps, grabbing a hanging chain... The Horseman climbs the chain, swinging... Ichabod runs across the platform, jumps... Ichabod grasps the frail rail of the staircase, barely. The rail creaks, about to break.  Behind, the Horseman la on the milling platform. Ichabod is losing grip.  Young Masbath races down the sta grabs his hand.  He pulls Ichabod up. Ichabod's pistol slips from its holster and falls. Ichabod and Young Masbath look... The Horseman, following Ichabod's lead, runs across the milling platform and leaps... Grabs the staircase rail, only a few feet from Ichabod an Masbath.  Ichabod kicks the rail, breaking it... The Horseman falls in billowing dust, crashing below. Ichabod pushes Masbath up the stairs.
198) 4) dialog: Jump?  Jump where?
200) 0) text: Ichabod shepherds Katrina and Young Masbath to the edge w the rotors spin close.
202) 0) text: Young Masbath jumps.  Ichabod grips Katrina and jumps... They hit one rotor and cling to the frame and cloth.  The rotor begins its downwards swing.
204) 3) text: Oh, no... Young Masbath and Katrina are just past the cart when Lad Van Tassel rises from behind it, swings a plank... SLAMS Ichabod in the chest and sends him down. Lady Van Tassel grabs Katrina's hair, drags her.
204) 14) dialog: Tired. Ichabod smiles and holds out his arm.  Masbath comes over Group hug.  Lightning brightens the farmland around them.
206) 0) text: A bright, busy day in New York.  A coach pulls up to Ichabod's home.  Ichabod is the driver.  He gets off, goe and opens the coach door.  He helps Katrina down.  Next, Young Masbath sticks his head out. Ichabod goes about unloading bags.  Katrina holds Young Masbath's hand, and they look down the street in wonder.