19) 0) text: A smoke-filled meeting of.town elders. Strickland, Doctor Lloyd and Colonel Montford sit at a TABLE, drinking. Othe fat LAND OWNERS smoke, drink and whisper amongst themselv
19) 2) dialog: If I'm permitted to speak in my good | friend Sir John's defense... The BARKEEP serves more BOOZE. Sir John is seated by the FIREPLACE, staring into his MUG, brooding forlornly. i i
19) 8) dialog: (to Strickland) Still, it does seem your crusade has reached its end, Squire, with the man she's implicated nowhere to be found.
19) 13) dialog: Well, I'm not certain what that means, but if she's still jailed by the Quarter Sessions, there'll be hell to pay. Beg pardon, Pastor Fisk. (to Strickland) She's made the confession you demanded, hasn't she?
19) 15) dialog: Yes, Colonel, but we don't know who left the note, who did the murder, or even if they are the same person!
24) 0) text: ——— ES EEE EE eR TT ALY Lawrence enters. A utilitarian DESK and CABINETS are located across from THREE empty, metal-barred CELLS. Sir John, Constable Nye and Squire Strickland stand at the fi open CELL, where Doctor Lloyd kneels. Jailer's in the B.G
24) 1) dialog: She was cold as the grave. The baby was motionless inside her. A NECKLACE Carmilla wore lies on the floor, its AMULET op like a locket, with RED POWDER spilled out from inside it
24) 2) dialog: There is a remnant of the Gypsy poison here, whatever it is. Lawrence approaches as Doctor Lloyd rises. Sir John moves past, stepping away, lost in thought.
24) 3) dialog: It might have been passed to her by someone in the tribe. She might have had it with her the whole time.
24) 7) dialog: What's come over you, John?!
29) 0) text: Skies over Talbot Hall darken. Sir John, Doctor Lloyd and Colonel Montford, in heavy JACKETS, walk to their HORSES. Kendall, the butler, follows, overburdened with SHOTGUNS HUNTING BAGS. Lawrence follows Kendail. : Sir John, Dr. Lloyd and Colonel Montford mount. Kendall hands up the guns and supplies. SIR JOHN i We'll keep watch, covering as much | ground as we can till dawn. For no reason whatsoever, I'm certain.
29) 3) dialog: Shall we? Sir John, Dr. Lloyd and Colonel Montford RIDE OFF. Lawrence looks at the gun in hand, looks to Talbot Hall.. Where Gwen stands SILHOUETTED in the front doorway.
44) 1) dialog: By the time we all made it back here, just before dawn... the attack had already taken place. As Pastor Fisk stands, we PULL BACK: to REVEAL... Fisk and the gentry elders are at the center of attention surrounded by MANY VILLAGERS watching anxiously.
46) 12) dialog: I stitched up five drunken brawlers in the village last night alone.
46) 20) dialog: They most likely think us mad. TI think us mad, so why shouldn't they?
46) 26) dialog: Quite. We've all of us ended up in this together. Leave it at that. Sir John backs down, fists clenched. He walks, going off watch the continuing RIDING and PISTOL TARGET-PRACTICE.
46) 28) dialog: Speaking of which...
46) 41) dialog: What happened to the good Constable was real enough.
57) 1) dialog: Your father and I have been friends for, well... more years than this old man cares to count. I was there, Lawrence, when you came into this world. And over these past weeks even in the midst of everything... I'm glad to have made your acquaintance.
57) 3) dialog: I believe you've been a great comfort to John. He'd tell you himself, I'm certain... would that he were capable of such sentiment. Doctor Lloyd and Lawrence share a rueful smile.
61) 1) dialog: You hear that?
62) 2) dialog: Good Christ.
62) 4) dialog: Lawrence, over here! Doctor Lloyd climbs down from his horse, going to a nearb BODY lying face down. Lawrence runs over just as Dr. Lloy turns the CORPSE. It's a dead HUNTER from Sir John's part covered in blood, eyes and mouth wide, his face CLAWED.
62) 5) dialog: One of your father's men! Lawrence stumbles back, swallowing sickness, dismayed. The HOWL of the WEREWOLF is HEARD, distant.
64) 2) dialog: Sir John! They soon come upon another grisly discovery... One more HUNTER from Six John's party, lying dead on his back; half of him, actually, since his LEGS ARE GONE .
64) 3) dialog: What Hell have we wandered into? A GURGLING CRY is HEARD ahead. Lawrence and Dr. Lloyd loo running towards the sound. Someone's lying half-propped u against a tree... It's Fitzgerald, bloody and barely alive, clutching his RUPTURED throat. Lawrence and Dr. Lloyd fall to their kne peside him. Fitzgerald tries to speak, unintelligible.
64) 6) text: Doctor Lloyd presses his hand over Fitzgerald's, trying t stem the flow of BLOOD POURING out between their fingers.
64) 7) dialog: His... his throat's torn open. He's lost so much blood... th 4
66) 1) dialog: What is it? Lawrence? Lawrence closes his hand on the cloth, his mind racing.
66) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
66) 4) dialog: Yes, yes...
66) 6) dialog: Yes, he was.
66) 8) dialog: No. No, we...we had split up earlier, to cover more ground...
66) 10) dialog: We did meet up again in the village, but as I'd said, it was almost dawn by the time we all got there. What's this about? Lawrence runs to where their horses are tied... He scrambles up onto his horse,. RIDING away.
66) 11) dialog: Where are you going?!
70) 5) text: Lawrence hits the ground, TUMBLING... The Werewolf ROLLS off, SPRINGING agilely mid-roll... LANDING crouched, half-hidden in the foliage. 1 Lawrence struggles to recover, in great pain as he clutch his left arm which BLEEDS PROFUSELY through his CLAWED OP sleeve. He looks up to see... The Werewolf rises to full height so we finally lay eyes upon him: truly half-man/half-wolf, bipedal, covered in dense, dark FUR with much GREY FUR on his face. He wears Sir John's PANTS and tattered SHIRT. His CLAWED hands, jowls and heaving chest are matted with fresh BLOOD. Sir John's features are recognizable in the Werewolf's frightful visage, especially in the EYES; but there is no humanity there. The Werewolf is an animal. The Werewolf lets out a ear-splitting ROAR, fangs bared! Lawrence looks to his right... Where his PISTOL lies not far away. Lawrence dives towards the gun, reaching... The Werewolf crosses the distance instantly... SMASHING into Lawrence, CLAWS DIGGING IN; TEETH SINKING i Lawrence's shoulder as Lawrence CRIES OUT! The Werewolf THROWS Lawrence... -Lawrence lands, stunned, his CLOTHING further SHREDDED, deep, BLOODY LACERATIONS beneath. Lawrence tries to rise, crawling, trying not to black out The Werewolf comes to STOMP one clawed foot down on Lawrence's back, forcing him to the ground! The Werewolf crouches over Lawrence, HOWLING victoriously raising one clawed hand, about to strike the killing blow A RIFLE SHOT is HEARD -- a BULLET EXPLODING into a TREE behind! The Werewolf spins, his attention captured. ACROSS THE FOREST, Doctor Lloyd walks forward, aiming his smoking RIFLE, his horse in the fog behind him.
70) 6) dialog: Lawrence! As the Werewolf starts bounding towards Doctor Lloyd... Lawrence manages to lift his head, trying to focus.
70) 8) text: The Werewolf's storming across the forest. Doctor Lloyd FIRES again. As the Werewolf LEAPS to attack Dr. Lloyd EVERYTHING SPINS as Lawrence is BLACKING OUT...
72) 3) dialog: Calm yourself, Mister Talbot, or I'll be forced to put you back under. Lawrence realizes he's unable to break free, helpless.
72) 4) dialog: My name is Doctor Hendrick. You've been committed to The Lambeth Asylum, | London. Not your first visit with t us, apparently. CONTINUED i 62.
72) 6) dialog: Let's please try not to upset ourselves. You are here for your own good, after all. (to CREEPY GUARD) Bring him.
72) 8) dialog: You tried to kill yourself. Your father brought you to us. You are gravely injured, not just physically, but mentally as well. We've had to keep you heavily sedated, lest you tear loose your stitches again.
72) 10) dialog: A fortnight now. Spent ranting. Raving. You are severely delusional. Lawrence glimpses INMATES in their cells: filthy, half-na MEN, CRYING, spouting GIBBERISH and/or gesticulating wild
72) 11) dialog: Your father is a werewolf, you say. You believe your wounds were not self- inflicted, but caused when he attacked you in his... animalistic state. You also claim your father murdered your mother. Do you remember any of this?
73) 3) dialog: Sir John.
73) 5) dialog: I suppose, so long as you're careful.
73) 95) text: LAWRENCE'S UPSIDE-DOWN POV: reveals other INMATES in BIZA CONTRAPTIONS; One naked LUNATIC is strapped to a TABLE, w INCISIONS on his body BLEEDING into GROOVES in the tablet another INMATE, in a LEATHER COLLAR at the end of a POLE held by a DOCTOR, is forced to walk a crude TREADMILL. Lawrence ends up face-to-upside-down-face with Dr. Hendri
73) 96) dialog: (to Creepy Guard) Again. Lawrence barely has time to react as Creepy Guard kicks t release on the PULLEY-SYSTEM'S WHEEL, dropping Lawrence..
73) 105) dialog: Good evening, Mister Talbot. Against my better judgement, I've decided to allow a visitation. I hope it may have a calming influence. Lawrence is groggily trying to shake out the cobwebs.
73) 106) dialog: You'll only have a moment. A young, pasty-faced INTERN escorts Gwen in, waits by the door. Gwen looks at Lawrence, hand to her mouth, anguishe
73) 110) dialog: For his own safety, Miss.
73) 113) dialog: No physical contact with the patient if you please, Miss.
73) 120) dialog: That's enough, Miss Conliffe. I can see this was a mistake... Doctor Hendrick nods and Pasty Intern steps forward.
73) 124) dialog: Calming influence indeed. (looks at his WATCH, to Creepy Guard) Bring him. cur To:
74) 4) text: Doctor Hendrick stands. TWO other DOCTORS sit in the fron row.
74) 5) dialog: (to Lawrence) My associates and I... we've been quite eager for this night to arrive. We consider you a particularly fascinating case.
74) 7) dialog: What you're suffering from is called "Lycanthropy." Simply put, it's the belief that you will be transformed into a wolf... that you will take on certain physical characteristics of the wolf. There are legends of werewolfism as far back as Greek mythology, and beyond. Across almost every culture, you will find some version of the "changling" delusion. Dr. Hendrick paces. Creepy Guard returns to observe.
74) 8) dialog: There were ancient, primal tribes whose warriors believed that consuming the flesh of those they defeated would grant them their enemies strengths. The Norse Berserkers would adorn themselves in animal hides before each battle. In the Medieval Ages, throughout Europe, thousands of persons, even tens of thousands, were put to death as convicted werewolves. (pause) We live in a more enlightened age. (to 2ND DOCTOR) Doctor, if you wouldn't mind... 2nd Doctor rises, crossing to a tall WINDOW.
74) 9) dialog: We are here tonight, to illustrate conclusively that your fears are guite irrational. 2nd Doctor pulls aside the CURTAINS, revealing a view of NIGHT SKY and the high FULL MOON shining brightly.
74) 12) dialog: We are simply going to remain in this room together, all night. And once you've witnessed that the full moon holds no sway over you; that you remain a perfectly ordinary human being...
74) 14) dialog: You will have taken your first small step down the long road to recovery.
74) 16) dialog: Lycanthropy is a disease of the mind existing somewhere in the deep recesses of your thoughts. Yes, to you, it seems very real!
74) 18) dialog: You've suffered quite traumatic personal experiences, Mister Talbot, we're well aware. You hate your father. Your mother committed suicide. Therefore, your father must be to blame for her death... Lawrence is fed up, begins struggling violently, trying pull his arms and legs free of the wheelchair!
74) 19) dialog: You witnessed your mother's self mutilation! Your young mind, unable to accept it, created a fantastical truth; that your father is literally a monster! 75. to Lawrence is unable to free himself, SWEATING, BREATHING H
74) 20) dialog: But, your father is not a werewolf. You were not bitten by a werewolf. (more)
74) 22) text: You will not become a werewolf anymore than... than I will sprout wings and fly out that window! 2nd and 3rd DOCTOR, and especially Creepy Guard, CHUCKLE.
76) 0) text: Dr. Hendrick sits beside the other doctors. (BIG BEN can HEARD faintly TOLLING MIDNIGHT in the B.G.)
76) 1) dialog: Tonight, we will sit and watch the evening passing uneventfully.
76) 5) dialog: It's your imagination, Mister Talbot. All in your vivid imagination! Lawrence CRIES OUT, hyperventilating, TREMBLING...
76) 10) dialog: Bloody Hell! Dr. Hendrick, 2nd Doctor and 3rd Doctor make a mad scramb for the door, where... Creepy Guard's already beginning a desperate search through his overburdened KEYCHAIN. The transmutation now complete, the Wolfman struggles against the STRAPS holding him to the wheelchair! AT THE LOCKED DOOR, Creepy Guard's frantically trying to find the KEY! The three doctors are BANGING on the door, YELLING, trying to pull it open! Dr. Hendrick wrests the KEYCHAIN from Creepy Guard's grasp.
76) 11) dialog: Give me those keys, you imbecile! The Wolfman YANKS his arms and legs free, rising. 2nd Doctor sees this, looks up, across the room... There's a LADDER built into the wall, leading to a SKYLIG 2nd Doctor runs towards the ladder. Wolfman reacts, enraged, THROWING the WHEELCHAIR... The WHEELCHAIR SMASHES 2nd Doctor against the wall! He slumps, trailing a wide SMEAR of BLOOD. Wolfman ROARS, heading for the others. Hendrick tries one KEY in the door's lock... doesn't work Creepy Guard sees the Wolfman coming.
76) 12) dialog: Hurry, Hendrick, hurry! : Creepy Guard gathers his nerve, turning to face the Wolfm reaching to take his heavy TRUNCHEON from his belt. With YELL of bravado, Creepy Guard charges, the club raised... The Wolfman greets him with a swift and bloodying BACKHAN SWIPE -- sends Creepy Guard CARTWHEELING...
76) 16) dialog: Got it! As he turns the KEY, it SNAPS OFF in the LOCK.
76) 17) dialog: Oh boy. By the OPERATING TABLE (which blocks our view of most of gory carnage), the Wolfman straightens, BLOOD-SOAKED, hav finished with Creepy Guard. Dr. Hendrick begins POUNDING the door's small, circular WINDOW. 3rd Doctor looks around, frantic, sees... The Wolfman stalking towards them.
76) 19) dialog: Help! Open this door! Oh, Lord, someone please open this -- Doctor Hendrick is violently PULLED AWAY.