14) 4) dialog: "Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee! And I am no more worthy to be called thy son; make me as one of thy hired servants!" Sir John reaches the bottom of the stairs, followed by hi ioyal DOG, an old hunting hound, SAMSON. Sir John is an imposing presence; a WELL-DRESSED man of the gentry, desp the odd worn cuff here and loose seam there.
14) 5) dialog: And lo and behold, here he stands: [ the Prodigal Son returned. Shall I i have my own robe brought to be placed upon your shoulders? Rings for your fingers and shoes your feet? Shall I kili the fatted calf?
14) 7) dialog: Come, let me see you. Let me look at { what kind of man you've become. Lawrence walks to face Sir John, clears his dry throat. i
14) 11) dialog: Lawrence. They look at each other, no more than ten feet between th silence hanging like a challenge. A chilly reunion.
14) 12) dialog: Words fail me. When your telegram arrived to say you were coming, I couldn't bring myself to believe it. I've grown so accustomed to thinking I would never lay eyes on you again.
14) 14) dialog: Of course, to be clear... it wasn't my idea to send for you.
14) 16) dialog: Not that you're not welcome, of course! We'll make room for you... (to his :DOG) -+-won't we, boy? It's only that... I simply can't help wondering... Sir John yanks a dusty, tasseled BELL PULL several times.
14) 17) dialog: What difference could possibly be made by your being here? A fair question, I think. Lawrence considers, restraining his anger.
14) 19) dialog: How noble you are!
14) 23) dialog: Let me be the one to enlighten you. Sir John turns on his heel, SHOUTING, so his VOICE ECHOES
14) 24) dialog: 
14) 27) dialog: Wonderful, Kendall. Lawrence here will be our guest for... however long. Take his things up. Have Gwen meet us in the drawing room. cur To:
15) 0) text: EEE EEE —E——EYr Eee In the dark, cluttered, high-ceilinged DRAWING ROOM, Sir John pours much SCOTCH into TWO GLASSES on a LIQUOR TRAY.
15) 1) dialog: Blackmoor's troubles began the day the wandering caravan arrived. Late- winter, ten months ago. Lawrence looks up at ANIMAL HEAD TROPHIES, SAFARI PHOTOS, and WORLD MAPS adorning the walls. Sir John places one drink on a TABLE near Lawrence, goes to sit in a CHAIR by the blazing FIREPLACE which Samson lies near.
15) 2) dialog: The Gypsies are quite willing to make a living from us; telling fortunes, trading and peddling goods. But, since many villagers still believe all Gypsies to be witches, a distance is kept. Although... it is rumored that, amongst the gentlemen of Blackmoor... Lawrence looks at one PHOTOGRAPH: of YOUNG LAWRENCE and YOUNG BENJAMIN standing with MOTHER and SIR JOHN.
15) 6) dialog: Some men of questionable morals, upon a hunting excursion, or out for an evening's constitutional, may discreetly make their way to the Gypsy encampment. There they are welcomed to partake of wine, women and song. Well... maybe not song. At the DOORWAY, Gwen gives a small cough, entering timidl There's no denying her fair beauty. Samson goes to her.
15) 8) dialog: Hello, Gwen. -..and immediately sits back down. Lawrence gives a nod.
15) 11) dialog: Six weeks ago, a Gypsy named Victor; a blackguard and thieving criminal, finished serving a lengthy prison term in London. He returned to the tribe, only to find his Gypsy wife far along in a pregnancy.
15) 13) dialog: His absence was too great. And so, this Victor dragged the unfortunate woman, Carmilla, into the village. He brought her before our Justice of the Peace, saying Blackmoor parish owed him justice. A CLOCK begins CHIMING. 7:00. Sir John stands.
15) 14) dialog: Seven o'clock already. We must leave.
15) 19) text: Sir John's already striding out the door.
16) 0) text: ——— OO EE mR TO ON EGHT Sir John walks from TALBOT HOUSE. Lawrence and Gwen follo ON THE LAWN, ahead, a STABLE BOY brings THREE HORSES.
16) 2) dialog: Exactly. Victor had beaten a confession out of his wife. She told how her secret lover was one of the men of Blackmoor.
16) 4) dialog: For which she's spent the last month and a half jailed; to be held until she tells his name.
16) 6) dialog: Benjamin is suspected.
16) 8) dialog: Squire Strickland has called a Public Hearing for tonight. I must be there to speak for your brother. Sir Lawrence and Gwen go to take their horses' reins. Sir John climbs ably up onto his great, WHITE STALLION. Stable Boy gives Gwen a boost as she mounts her horse.
16) 9) dialog: You can still ride can't you, Lawrence? Sir John and Gwen ride towards the ESTATE ROAD. Sighing, Lawrence takes his horse, climbs expertly on. He rides.
17) 0) text: oo Ee GET Sir John, Gwen and Lawrence ride abreast.
17) 2) dialog: On that the three of us at least agree. However... on the first full moon night during Carmilla's imprisonment, there was a killing...
17) 6) dialog: A shepherd was slaughtered. His person torn and scattered.
17) 16) dialog: Found gone, some of his clothing and belongings taken. As if he'd fled.
17) 21) dialog: The longer he's gone, the more rumors spread and fester. So, tonight... to defend Benjamin means defending the gypsy Carmilla. cur TO:
18) 0) text: — a EEE ES eee As the DOOR of the JAILHOUSE opens, an O.S. CROWD is HEAR REACTING. The very pregnant Gypsy, CARMILLA, in SHACKLES, bewitchingly lovely déspité her pale, ailing appearance, lead out by the gorillalike JAILER. Sir John follows, gri The CITIZENS of Blackmoor pack the lamp-lit, COBBLESTONE STREETS of the SQUARE; mostly poor, peasant FARM FAMILIES Some SHOP WORKERS, LABORERS and SERVANTS. An awesome GUARDIAN ANGEL STATUE -- wings spread, SWORD raised -- Stands at the crowd's center. SHOP OWNERS watch from the DOORWAYS of the bordering TAVERN and STOREFRONTS. WIVES a DAUGHTERS lean out 2nd-story, residential WINDOWS.
18) 24) dialog: Please, if I may...! You all know me. You know the Talbots have and always will be one of the pillars of this community. JI am an honorable man. As such, I must ask again... by what law, Squire Strickland, is this woman held, when adultery is no crime?
18) 31) dialog: What kind of man are you, to make such accusations against my son?!
18) 33) dialog: That is the reason you pretend so you may exert your puritanical will. You wish to disgrace whoever dared to have relations with a lowly Gypsy! So you overstep the bounds of your authority by jailing her, while you slander my family's good name!
18) 35) dialog: Except who would dare speak against you, aS you are principal landowner and Justice of the Peace?
19) 6) dialog: I don't give a damn what people think! To hell with them all!
19) 19) dialog: And the child? What if it is truly my grandchild she carries?
24) 0) text: ——— ES EEE EE eR TT ALY Lawrence enters. A utilitarian DESK and CABINETS are located across from THREE empty, metal-barred CELLS. Sir John, Constable Nye and Squire Strickland stand at the fi open CELL, where Doctor Lloyd kneels. Jailer's in the B.G
24) 12) dialog: You might as well have killed her yourself, Strickland, damn you! Sir John pulls free of Dr. Lloyd and Nye, angry.
24) 13) dialog: Tell me... how will my son clear his name!?! Now that she's... she's... (venting rage) How will he ever return to prove his innocence now?! Tell me that. He grabs a CHAIR, HURLS it... SHATTERS the GLASS of a CABINET!
26) 0) text: ——— Se EE eEOeee Lawrence enters. A long DINING TABLE stands beneath THREE grand, cobweb-covered CHANDELIERS. Sir John is seated at the far end, feet up, drunk, a half-empty BOTTLE held. Hi untucked shirt bears the TALBOT FAMILY CREST on its pocke
26) 1) dialog: Ah... Mr. Talbot, Esquire. Just the gentleman I'm looking for... Sir John rises. Lawrence remains by the door.
26) 3) dialog: I've been meaning to ask you. Explain again exactly how it is you make your living. Pretending you're someone else? Playing at life? How bloody appropriate...
26) 5) dialog: Am I alright, you asked? (more)
26) 8) dialog: Am I alright?! Good Christ! I want someone to tell me... someone tell me, please... how could this have happened that you are here and he is not? WHERE IS MY SON!? (agonized pause) What wouldn't I give... to have it be you the one missing instead. You do know that, don't you? Lawrence swallows hard, refusing to let out his sorrow.:
26) 10) dialog: Until yesterday, you were missing. So forgive me if I doubt I'll begin to rely upon you at this late date.
26) 12) dialog: You are your brother's opposite. Never worth a damn. You're not even man enough to stand up for yourself, are you? Say something. Don't just stand there. Defend yourself, goddamn you! Defend yourself!! Lawrence just clenches his jaw, tears welling up. Sir John's spent, pulls out a CHAIR to sit. Stares forwar
26) 13) dialog: Get out of my sight. Lawrence turns to leave, falters upon seeing... THRU THE DOORWAY: Gwen in the HALL, mortified for him.
29) 0) text: Skies over Talbot Hall darken. Sir John, Doctor Lloyd and Colonel Montford, in heavy JACKETS, walk to their HORSES. Kendall, the butler, follows, overburdened with SHOTGUNS HUNTING BAGS. Lawrence follows Kendail. : Sir John, Dr. Lloyd and Colonel Montford mount. Kendall hands up the guns and supplies. SIR JOHN i We'll keep watch, covering as much | ground as we can till dawn. For no reason whatsoever, I'm certain.
29) 2) dialog: (impassively, to Lawrence) Still. Stay in. Keep this on you. Sir John offers a PISTOL, which Lawrence steps up to acce Sir John, eyes hung-over-bloodshot, doesn't look at him.
44) 0) text: CLOSE-ON: a large, BESTIAL FOOTPRINT, left by a clawed fo in the DRIED MUD of the street. The FOOTPRINT of a WEREWO Pastor Fisk kneels, examining the footprint. Strickland, Sir John, Dr. Lloyd and Col. Montford stand over him.
44) 4) text: Lawrence stands looking 0.S. into the shop, HANDKERCHIEF his mouth. Pastor Fisk, Strickland, Sir John and Col. Montford move through the CROWD outside, entering. They all look in disbelief upon the attack's aftermath... WALLS and CEILING SPLATTERED with BLOOD and bits of TORN FLESH... Constable Nye's MANGLED BICYCLE on the floor, pieces of GORE hanging off its spokes...
46) 0) text: A line of PEASANTS stands SHOOTING RIFLES. Lawrence and Sir John are on horseback, observing from behind these DOZEN or so RIFLEMEN. Sir John has a large HUNTING RIFLE strapped to his back. TALBOT HALL is in B.G
46) 3) dialog: What?! I'm certain the heart was in there somewhere. Lawrence and Sir John share a LAUGH.
46) 19) dialog: London sends promises of help; never the help itself. We're on our own.
46) 23) dialog: I can't help wondering how different things might be except for the actions of certain persons.
46) 44) text: Lawrence! Lawrence looks over. He obediently goes to mount He rides over to Sir John and the pistol-training Strickland, Dr. Lloyd and Col. Montford walk over better view. Fitzgerald follows. Lawrence reaches down to take the PISTOL Sir John
46) 45) dialog: Show them again how it's done.
46) 47) dialog: Nicely done, son. Excellent. The significance of those words is not lost on Lawrence.
46) 49) dialog: Of course you did. You're a Talbot. It's in your blood. Sir John walks back towards the gentry. Lawrence is surprised, stirred by his father's approval. cur TO:
51) 0) text: Lawrence and Gwen follow Sir John's path through the GARD
52) 0) text: Sir John sits staring into the cold FIREPLACE, brooding, petting Samson at his side. As it often does, his SHIRT bears the TALBOT FAMILY CREST. Behind, Lawrence enters.
52) 2) dialog: Why didn't you join me?
52) 4) dialog: I couldn't sleep. Wandering the woods quiets my mind's anguishing. Sir John stands. Samson walks over to lick Lawrence's han
52) 8) dialog: No. There is no truth to it. Sir John crosses to stand close to Lawrence.
52) 9) dialog: With all that's befallen this household of late... I've been meaning to put into words some... expression of gratitude.
52) 11) dialog: Yes, yes. That said, when the time comes tonight... I don't care what you have to do; what excuse you have to make... you must not participate in the hunt.
52) 13) dialog: Don't ask me to explain. Just do as I tell you. There will be plenty of us out there without you...
52) 15) dialog: I ask this one thing of you, as your father. This once, heed my word! (trying to calm) With your brother still gone, you and I are all that remains of this family. If anything were to happen to me... you may very well be the last to carry on the Talbot name. (pause, commanding) Ride out if you must, but break off from the group. Return here to hide. Just stay away, you hear? Stay away! Sir John walks, exiting. Lawrence is left bewildered. Samson BARKS up at him, goes to follow Sir John. cur TO: 45.
57) 7) dialog: I've been here many times before. On the savannahs and in the jungles of the Dark Continent. I have a feeling you will learn what it is to pit yourself against a worthy adversary tonight. Remember... never underestimate your prey.
58) 0) text: Deep in bleak, foggy FOREST, Sir John's hunting party slo moves through, following their Houndsman and dogs. Before long, the hounds begin BARKING excitedly. The Houndsman looks nervously back to Sir John. Sir John holds up one finger. The Houndsman releases one dog, which goes RUNNING... Quickly disappearing in the fog. Sir John, Fitzgerald and the Hunters ride to give chase. FOLLOW: Sir John's party moving quickly, guided by the BARKING, avoiding TREES and ducking BRANCHES in the mist. They charge down a HILLSIDE, halting as they come upon th hound barking and growling at a large, impenetrable BRAMB
68) 5) text: Lawrence's VOICE ECHOES, unanswered. Samson's BARKING. Lawrence despairs, looking at the CLOTH he still holds... It is a TORN SHIRT POCKET bearing the unmistakable TALBOT FAMILY CREST we've seen Sir John wearing many times.
68) 7) dialog: I have a feeling you will learn what it is to pit yourself against a worthy adversary tonight. SLOW 200M IN: on Sir John's SHIRT POCKET where, even part obscured by his JACKET, the CREST is easily recognizable.
69) 0) text: Lawrence, LANTERN in hand, has Samson on a LEASH, letting the dog lead him from the GARDENS to the FOREST; where we saw Lawrence and Gwen follow Sir John the night before.
70) 5) text: Lawrence hits the ground, TUMBLING... The Werewolf ROLLS off, SPRINGING agilely mid-roll... LANDING crouched, half-hidden in the foliage. 1 Lawrence struggles to recover, in great pain as he clutch his left arm which BLEEDS PROFUSELY through his CLAWED OP sleeve. He looks up to see... The Werewolf rises to full height so we finally lay eyes upon him: truly half-man/half-wolf, bipedal, covered in dense, dark FUR with much GREY FUR on his face. He wears Sir John's PANTS and tattered SHIRT. His CLAWED hands, jowls and heaving chest are matted with fresh BLOOD. Sir John's features are recognizable in the Werewolf's frightful visage, especially in the EYES; but there is no humanity there. The Werewolf is an animal. The Werewolf lets out a ear-splitting ROAR, fangs bared! Lawrence looks to his right... Where his PISTOL lies not far away. Lawrence dives towards the gun, reaching... The Werewolf crosses the distance instantly... SMASHING into Lawrence, CLAWS DIGGING IN; TEETH SINKING i Lawrence's shoulder as Lawrence CRIES OUT! The Werewolf THROWS Lawrence... -Lawrence lands, stunned, his CLOTHING further SHREDDED, deep, BLOODY LACERATIONS beneath. Lawrence tries to rise, crawling, trying not to black out The Werewolf comes to STOMP one clawed foot down on Lawrence's back, forcing him to the ground! The Werewolf crouches over Lawrence, HOWLING victoriously raising one clawed hand, about to strike the killing blow A RIFLE SHOT is HEARD -- a BULLET EXPLODING into a TREE behind! The Werewolf spins, his attention captured. ACROSS THE FOREST, Doctor Lloyd walks forward, aiming his smoking RIFLE, his horse in the fog behind him.
73) 0) text: Lawrence is wheeled in. Sir John stands looking up at yellowed CHARTS of HUMAN ANATOMY which cover the walls of this cluttered, disorganized OFFICE. Lawrence strains in angry frustration against his binding
73) 4) dialog: Doctor. Would it be possible for me to visit privately with my son?
73) 7) dialog: I tried warn you. I told you not to join the hunt.
73) 9) dialog: Gone. Probably somewhere here in London. What does it matter?
73) 11) dialog: Killed. Saving you, it seems. Dead along with Strickland and Colonel Montford.
73) 13) dialog: Apparently. Though, only you and I know that. To everyone else, we and some peasants were the few survivors.
73) 15) dialog: Yes. Yes. So long ago... (pause) It's like a vague memory of a nightmare. A nightmare that began on a fateful African expedition. Kenya, 1863. Where the hunter became the hunted. What manner of creature attacked me, I did not know... 64.
73) 20) dialog: I barely fought the thing off, but not before I was bitten. So when I returned to Blackmoor and my family, to recover from my wounds... I had no idea a demon slumbered inside me. In my very blood.
73) 23) dialog: At the time, I was fully prepared to take my own life. How could I not, after what I had done? Except... it was not me. (looks to Lawrence) When the transformation comes, I cease to exist. I have no control over the beast... nor recollection of its actions, afterwards. I was as much a witness to the tragedy of your mother's death as you were.
73) 25) dialog: Believe what you want. I mourn her every day. (looking around) i As for this place... I brought you here then, to heal your broken mind. It's where you built what memory of i her death your sanity could accept. | (pause) Meanwhile, I persuaded your brother to aid me. So that before the next | full moon... I (more) i
73) 30) dialog: Every month since, I have imprisoned myself.
73) 33) dialog: Once each month at least, and twice in those months, we soon discovered, when a second moon on the cusp of the wax or wane is whole enough to overtake me.
73) 35) dialog: Benjamin had always been the one person in my life who remained steadfast by my side. Together, we were able to carve out a life for me, despite my incurable affliction. We kept my bestial alter-ego at bay.
73) 38) dialog: Yes.
73) 41) dialog: And look what the Philistines did to her. Her vile husband beat her bloody before bringing her to Strickland, and yet she was the one jailed. And for what Crime? Love. For love! For that selfsame failing, I was expected to be brought forth and pilloried. Made a pariah! For daring to know love yet one last time in my life!
73) 43) dialog: Untrue! I did everything I could to free Carmilla...
73) 45) dialog: If I came forward, they never would have let it end! She gave them a name, as I told her to. The next night would have passed without incident. I would have made certain of that. She should have been released to leave with her tribe! I was willing to lose her, if that's what it took. Against every emotion in my heart, I would've watched her walk out of my life, even carrying my own child! So long she was free! (fury growing) You saw. You saw how the good villagers of Blackmoor held their tongues while Strickland paraded Carmilla before them! After so many years of my protecting every man, woman and child from the abomination inside me! To what end? So I should have to watch as their persecutions drove her to her death...!?
73) 53) dialog: To hell with each and every one of them. Let them mount whatever defense they can manage... till either Blackmoor is dead... or I am.
73) 55) dialog: You may be right. Absolutely. But, what concern is it of yours anymore? You've been bitten. You must know what that means. Lawrence does know, desolate, straining in his bindings.
73) 56) dialog: It would have been God's mercy if you weren't discovered alive, but you were. You survived. (long pause) There's only one gesture of kindness I can show you now. Sir John produces a STRAIGHT RAZOR, shows its blade.
73) 57) dialog: Keep it hidden. Till a time comes when you are alone and can use it. Sir John comes to place the closed RAZOR in Lawrence's bo hand, so Lawrence can palm it.
73) 58) dialog: Farewell, son. Farewell. Sir John walks towards the door. Lawrence is demoralized, but takes a deep breath, mustering one last defiance.
73) 61) dialog: I couldn't have, could I? Since he went missing the day after.
73) 65) dialog: Benjamin left. He's deserted me, just as you deserted me before him...
73) 72) dialog: Bravo! Bravo! My son, ladies and gentlemen! My son! The stage's RED CURTAIN FALLS CLOSED behind Lawrence as h backs fearfully away, slipping through the center slit... ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CURTAIN: Lawrence finds himself.
100) 0) text: So eee ae Shoving the FRONT DOOR OPEN, Lawrence strides in, throwin off his COAT. He's clutching Ben's REVOLVER, crossing int the Grand Hall with its walis of PAINTINGS, CRESTS, TAPESTRIES, WEAPONS, TROPHIES; Talbot history. ACROSS THE ROOM, Sir John is seated in a CHAIR by the massive FIRE in the FIREPLACE. He holds a BOTTLE of SCOTC The room is lit by CANDLES held in CANDELABRA. j
100) 1) dialog: Well, well! An unexpected visitor! You are cutting this awfully close, aren't you...? Sir John gestures behind him... Where the large GRANDFATHER CLOCK shows: 11:45.
100) 2) dialog: Fifteen more minutes, and you and I won't be ourselves anymore. Or is that it; have you come to join your father for a night out on the town? Lawrence arrives, gathering his nerve, pointing the gun.
100) 4) dialog: I'd have Kendall attend to you, but he's fled. Took my goddamn dog with him, the bastard. Have a drink? i Sir John drinks from his bottle.
100) 6) dialog: As you wish. Sir John rises, imposing as ever. CONTINUED i 99. He's well dressed, but more disheveled than usual, unshav There's no sense of drunkenness, but the man, like his manor, is deteriorating.
100) 7) dialog: Calm yourself. You're the one with the weapon, after all. I could have armed myself if I'd wanted... shot you down the moment you walked in.
100) 9) dialog: (shrugs) Call me sentimental. You came all this way... you deserve a sporting chance. Sir John walks as he talks. Lawrence keeps the gun traine
100) 10) dialog: You're not entirely unexpected. The asylum sent word of your "escape," though accounts varied wildly, as you might imagine.
100) 14) dialog: The irony is... we forged those bullets together, long ago. A last resort, we agreed. One I was confident we would never need. (angrily remorseful) He put himself in harm's way. (more) |
100) 18) dialog: You'll hear no argument from me. Sir John swigs morosely from his bottle.
100) 20) dialog: You come here to speak for Benjamin... to avenge him...? Sir John's still pacing.
100) 21) dialog: First, answer how you can even dare call him your brother! Or did you imagine a handful of letters across the years could make up for your betrayal? Because that's what your leaving was... a betrayal! It's Lawrence's turn to face his wounding guilt.
100) 22) dialog: You know full well how you wronged him... how it was as if a part of himself was torn away when he found you gone. He loved you! (pause) For those wounds you inflicted upon him... I admit could never have forgiven you.
100) 26) dialog: He may not have been able to bring himself to tell you what he truly thought of you, but Ben and I... we spoke often of your cowardice.
100) 29) dialog: Again, think what you will of me and the suffering that's been my lot. I don't expect you to believe me, but I would've gladiy traded places with your mother if I could have...
100) 31) dialog: As it was, my death would have done nothing more than to orphan my sons.
100) 40) dialog: No more! I'll hear no more!
100) 42) dialog: (enraged) Then be done with me! Enough talk! End it now! That is a gun in your hand, is it not?! Oh, but first... first let me inform you of one small detail. You see, before you came in... I took the liberty of turning the clock back ten minutes. ZOOM IN: on the GRANDFATHER CLOCK which now reads, 11:50.
100) 45) dialog: (angry mocking) So...the time you thought you had in which to screw up your courage is gone! This, son, is your moment of truth! Lawrence is unnerved, uncertain. He looks up as... The BLACKMOOR CLOCKTOWER is HEARD TOLLING from the distan Sir John steps up, defiant, pounds his chest.
100) 46) dialog: Here is your chance to finally show your father what you are made of!! If you think you have it in you to pull the trigger, DO IT! Do it. Lawrence grits his teeth, angry, terrified... He's leveling the revolver squarely at Sir John's chest, the gun TREMBLES in his hand. With the far off CLOCKTOWER TOLLING, all Lawrence's years of fear of and pent-up hatr for his father culminate in this decisive instant.
100) 48) dialog: Good God, you did it! Lawrence tries to rise, but Sir John KICKS him down! Sir John's manic, seems almost proud.
100) 49) dialog: The grave's damp must've gotten to the powder, but still... a valiant effort! I honestly didn't think you had it in you! Lawrence is on his feet, letting out a CRY as... He TACKLES Sir John! They go CRASHING through the sitting area, scattering the CHAIRS and SIDE TABLES. They fight in front of the roaring FIRE, trading blows.
100) 51) text: Sir John's fists STRIKE like sledgehammers! Lawrence manages to block one of his father's swings, countering with a PUNCH that sends Sir John to the floor. Sir John wipes his bloodied mouth as he's rising.
100) 52) dialog: Nicely done! Lawrence is immediately on Sir John, pinning him, getting both hands around Sir John's neck Lawrence puts everything he's got into tightening his STRANGLE HOLD on his father's windpipe! Sir John struggle And just when it seems like Lawrence has the upper hand.. Just as Sir John's having the life choked out of him... Sir John STARTS TRANSFORMING! His TEETH LENGTHEN and beco florrid FANGS! His reddening face GROWS its grey-tinged F while his HANDS SPROUT dense FUR and lethal CLAWS! Much to Lawrence's dismay, he's now fighting the brutally powerful GREY-WEREWOLF in MID-TRANSFORMATION! Grey—Werewo breaks Lawrence's grip, brings one leg up and KICKS -- se Lawrence FLIPPING backwards in the air... Lawrence THUDS to the floor across the room. Grey-Werewolf rises, the "change" complete. He looks around, furious and disoriented, as one might imagine. He announces himself with+a window rattling ROAR! — Lawrence covers his ears as he's getting to his feet. Grey-Werewolf turns, heading for Lawrence, nostrils flari saliva dripping from his wicked maw. Lawrence goes to a dusty SUIT of ARMOR, taking the long, deadly SPEAR the posed KNIGHT was holding. As Grey-Werewolf advances, thirsting for carnage, Lawrenc wields the spear. Grey-Werewolf doesn't seem to care or understand the spear, till Lawrence... SLICES into Grey-Werewolf's arm! Grey-Werewolf backs off bloodied. Confused. Lawrence keeps SWINGING the spear, keeping Grey-Werewolf at bay. Lawrence maneuvers over to grab an unlit OIL LAMP from a WRITING DESK against the wall, THROWS the LAMP... The oil lamp SHATTERS against Grey-Werewolf, SOAKING the of his arm, torso and beastly face with OIL. Undeterred, Grey-Werewolf advances... Lawrence is backed up against the desk, trapped.