9) 4) text: Terri comes upon a platform with a clear view of the rive she sees a young black man slouching on a camera case. Th case is marked with the logo for NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC. He DANNY. Terri sPproaches hin. :
9) 6) dialog: Where's the director?
9) 13) dialog: Oh no! You're a first timer! Wet behind the ears...rookie...and short! TERRI . - You got a problem with that? Yeah. I got a problem with that. Let. me tell-you, when they called and asked me to do this job I turned it down flat. I've been on location for five months and I was startin' to get used to livin' without plumbing. Danny. breaks into a huge grin. He stands
9) 14) dialog: But when they’ said my old pal from college was directing.... and gives her a warm hug.
9) 16) dialog: Hey. I have to be here. This is your big break. I wouldn't miss it.
9) 18) dialog: Guess I. should've asked for more money. oo TERRI “(smiling back). We would've paid it. Danny stands and picks up his gear. DANNY . Who's the egghead in charge?
9) 26) dialog: Well alright. We're gonna have some. fun.
10) 0) text: Wight encroaches. and the jungle begins to come alive wit sounds.’ Danny sits at a table drinking a beer and smokin Dannemann Speciale (small cigars native to Brazil). Gary enters looking exhausted and walks over to Danny.
10) 2) dialog: Just kickin' back, feedin' the mosquitos. Danny extends his hand.
10) 3) dialog: Danny Cameraman. Gary Sound. Pleased to make your acquaintance. They shake hands. Gary sits. At Danny's signal a Waiter . brings a couple of beers to the table and hands it to Gar Gary vigorously swats the bugs that swarm around him. GARY . Christ. These bugs...who invited them? DANNY . They only take a pint. I donate every night. Better to get it over with in one sitting than have them peck at you all day. . ( CONTINUED)
10) 9) dialog: Just think of it as New York in August. Gary takes a long pull on the beer.
10) 11) dialog: Brooklyn.
13) 6) text: Shooting Script - December 1 / 212. 17A’ EXT. HOTEL WATERFRONT — DAY : 17A C) Terri walks toward the fifty five-foot barge of rusted SH and peeling paint. It's as flat as a pancake with a sq -bow and stern. There's a raised, wooden pilot house at o end and a rusted crane at the stern. The boat rides only inches above the waterline, burdened with drums of diesel fuel, coils of rope, and supply trunks. Terri walks over to Cale and hands hima page of script. Behind them the crew sets up equipment on the boat. Danny moves back and forth with his light meter. Gary fiddles w cables and tapes. Denise oversees the loading of equipmen and supplies, checking them off on her clipboard.
13) 18) dialog: Diving gear? .
13) 47) dialog: Rollin'.
14) 0) text: The river has thickened, and there are no other boats in sight. . Danny stands near the back of the barge with a c on his shoulder as he films the -hot, sticky jungle. Gary and’ Denise are on the port side, he's taping sounds the shore. She's making notes in her expense book. We hea “the exotic shrills of “birds and the cries:of small anim ph
16) 0) text: The torrential rains continue. Mateo squints into the win and is barely able to see the shoreline because the rain so heavy. But he's looking very carefully. The barge rounds a bend, and Danny sees it first: the sha of something in the mist.
16) 7) text: (subdued ) "Pull over to his boat. Mateo maneuvers toward the crippled boat. Danny has his camera on his shoulder. Gary and Denise are taping the vicious sounds of the winds and rain. Mateo smiles ever s slyly. The form becomes a man as the two boats get closer. PAUL SARONE is tall, strong and handsome with a commanding physical presence, obvious even as he stands soaked. - The two boats come close, Gary grabs.a rope and heaves across the gap to Sarone. Gary wraps it around a cleat as Sarone pulls the barge a little closer.
17) 18) dialog: I hate snakes.
17) 34) dialog: Now that smells good. Sarone smiles.
18) 0) text: C) The remains of dinner lay scattered around the table. \ Westridge kills bugs with a spray can. Gary and Denise, _ loaded down with sound equipment climb ashore. Danny st out his cigarillo.
18) 1) dialog: Fed the ‘bugs. Time for me to turn in. ‘Good night. Danny stands and goes into his cabin..
21) 0) text: Westridge is trying to sleep. He twists and turns, but Danny's music is driving him crazy. Yinally, he leaps fro bis bunk, spitting quiet curses as he puts on a robe and stomps out of his room. 29° INT. BALLWAY 29
21) 4) dialog: You can get it done cheaper than that. But you gotta haggle. (CONTINUED )
24) 0) text: The barge moves slowly down the river, surrounded by the vast, hot jungle. Danny, Gary, and Denise stand with their equipment at the ready. Cale is excited, tense, checking his field notes a charts. Terri checks her notebook, scans the riverbank.
27) 0) text: For a few seconds nobody senses ‘a problen. Denise scream They look quickly at the water and see Cale floating motionless to the surface. Danny dives from the top of th wheelhouse into the water. Gary leaps overboard. Together they drag the limp body to the boat, and Mateo and Sarone pull it aboard while Westridge watches helplessly. (CONTINUED )
27) 8) dialog: Let me have a look.
27) 12) dialog: When was the last time this thing worked? Nineteen Fifty Seven? Mateo shrugs.
27) 13) dialog: (under his breath) - Creepy guys, poison wasps, broken radios...what kinda bullshit is this?
27) 19) dialog: We can light the river with our strobes.
28) 0) text: Danny mans the lights. Cale lies comatose in a hammock under a mosquito net. » breathing is shallow and raspy through the plastic tube Terri holds his hand. Every. now and then she moistens Ca lips with a little water.
28) 9) dialog: Maybe we should just back up, getting a running start, and smash through it.
28) 18) dialog: She's right. This is nothing to joke about, you just can't go around blowing things up if they're in your way.
35) 8) dialog: This should be good. ExT. DAM We see the fuse burn down the explosive and.... BOOM! The dam blows sky high, the explosion rocking the jungle.
36) 17) dialog: I'm a city boy. Meanwhile, Mateo has hooked up a water hose at the back o the boat. He rushes forward with the water at full pressu and he blasts the baby snakes off the deck and into the. water. Danny looks at Mateo with genuine gratitude.
36) 18) dialog: (re: snakes) Mateo! You saved my life! Sarone has the engines roaring as the barge begins to tur around and head back toward the broken hole in the dam. I a narrow opening, but Sarone guides the boat expertly. Th barge squeezes through the opening in the dam, bumping tw on each side, sliding into calm waters. :
36) 20) dialog: Hey. How's he doing?
36) 22) dialog: That's good. You know that's good. They share a look of compassion and camraderie.
36) 23) dialog: Don't sweat it. We'll get him home. And this is not the last movie you'll ever direct. We'll work together soon. Terri smiles at Danny.
36) 30) dialog: Oh, man, don't do that to yourself. (beat) ” and if you haven't noticed, we have been listening to him. Danny looks up at Sarone. Sarone feels himself being scrutinized, and looks down at Danny with a piercing gaze Danny looks away. Sneaks a glance at Terri, who now simpl leoks at him out of the corner of her eye. Whatever thoug they're sharing they leave unspoken.
37) 0) text: the barge motors down the river. Everyone is on deck beca it's too hot below. Danny plays a little poker with Gary Denise, just losing when we come into the game.
37) 1) dialog: Oh, demn. You're good. " (to Gary) She's (jood. Make it interesting. . This time five dollars ante... .
37) 3) dialog: Ko, I let you win this time. Then I reise the stakes. Then you lose. Five bucks, c'mon. Westridge, in his socks, sprays 5 antifungal medicine int shoes. Sarone and Terri stand nearby. Sarone is alert. He scans the banks of the river through a pair of binoculars listens intently to the jungle, his ears cocked, his nerv alive. WESTRIDGE . My socks are growing fungi that were last see by Homo Erectus.
38) 0) text: An eerie silence as the three men climb aboard. still separated, they search the boat carefully. Mateo tries to open the pilot house door, but it's stuck. He slams his weight against the door, but it won't budge. Stepping bac he kicks the door with all his strength. It splinters and crashes open. Mateo looks cautiously inside. On the other side of the boat, Danny begins his own searc The deck creaks eerily beneath him. An old wooden. cabine door opens and shuts ever so slightly with the shifting o the boat in the current. Danny slowly opens the cabinet, peeking into the darkness inside. TWO RED DOTS GLOW, about an inch apart...Danny, spooked, pulls the camera from his face and starts to shu the door when THE DOTS SHOOT TOWARD HIM. The eyes of some ereature, lunging at his face. Danny SCREAMS, reels away. Mateo and Sarone come running. They all see an iguana, ab a foot long, scurrying across the deck and splashing into tiver. DANNY IS WHITE WITH FEAR, leaning on the railing. Sarone chuckles.
38) 3) dialog: Great. Just great.
38) 5) dialog: Looking? For what? (CORTINUED)
38) 11) text: Jesus Hairy-ass Christ... Sarone's flashlight skims the wall, STOPPING ON THE PHOTO saw at the beginning of the film, the one of THREE MEN holding a snake. We now recognize one of those men as Sarone. MAKING SURE THAT DANNY IS NOT LOOKING, Sarone rip the picture from the wall and stuffs it in his pocket.
40) 8) text: “ ‘Danny and Sarone lift the footlocker over the side of a Mateo comes out of the pilot house and slips on the scumm deck. He slides like a puck on ice --- off the blind side the boat and into the mucky water.
40) 17) text: Across the water, Mateo can see the lights of the barge a the silhouettes of Danny and Sarone as they carry the footlocker, but has not breath to call out to them.
40) 18) text: A second loop of the “tree trunk" snaps around Mateo. His face is beet red and his bulging eyes are locked on the distant lights of the barge. ‘His jaws work furiously and silently, his tongue balloon and nose bleeding. DANNY'S VOICE . Mateo! What're you doing back there? Cb What Mateo is doing is dying. A large, dark oval shape mv in front of the camera and engulfs Mateo's limp body.
41) 0) text: DANNY AND SARONE approach the barge. Danny looks concerne
41) 7) dialog: He was right behind us. Wow he's not answering. Maybe he slipped, hit his head. You should go back for him, Sarone. : ' o™
41) 10) dialog: 
41) 15) dialog: I'll find hin.
41) 18) dialog: (not sure) I'll be okay. (CONTINUED )
42) 0) text: CLOSE ON DANNY'S FACE, backlit by Mateo's boat, as he mov into the darkness. We stay with him, just inches in front him...the CAMERA MOVES IN A TIGHT CIRCLE around him, so w are now following him, toward the boat...
44) 0) text: Danny moves around the boat, calling Mateo's name. He is answered by the wind in the trees and the lap of the wate FROM THE BANK something tucked in the foliage watches, no moving. So an Danny waves his flashlight across the river bank, sees nothing but foliage and shadows. He now spots a thin shaf of light beaming up between clumps of water-hyacinth. He moves to it and picka it up. MATEO'S FLASHLIGHT, still.on
44) 4) text: You let him go? Terri runs to the edge of the boat and calls for Danny. S sees nothing but darkness. Sarone sets the bundle aside and pulls from the lecker a’ CROSSBOW-TRANQUILIZER GUN and a half a dozen cylinders ma “MORO-809." His eyes light up as he checks the gun.
44) 20) dialog: You're creeping me out.
44) 46) dialog: ‘He was right there. I can't believe a snake...I mean, I would have heard it.
46) 28) text: No problem. DANNY watches from his cabin. Sees only the current ' tableaux: Sarone standing with his rifle, facing Terri Westridge...and Gary somewhere in the middle.
47) 5) dialog: Busy little beaver, Sarone. . '
50) 0) text: A large limb of a tree breaks and falls, crashing into th water and drifting downstream. Sarone has split the limb with a powerful: gun. Terri comes forward to check the source of the shots. Sarone continues to shoot the powerful gan, and a dead mo drops into the water. Danny, shocked, moves over to confr Sarone. “Terri is close behind. .
50) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
50) 3) dialog: Game? What game?
50) 11) dialog: What about Cale? SARONE . It shouldn't take jong. Anaconda are very hungry. .
54) 5) text: Nah. I'm gonna have a slice, put on the Knicks and sip a cold Miller Lite. Westridge gives Danny a wry look. WESTRIDGE . I see...you mean borough civilization. (CONTINUED ) ’ a 94 “95 95a 96 . Shooting Script - pecember 1 78.
56) 0) text: Terri and Danny scramble out of the wheelhouse, followed stunned Westridge. They rush to the front rail. They are at a point where a broad stream joins the main river. Above the stream, a waterfall cascades from under jumble of logs, then surges over a series of terraced platforms. Rays of sunlight sprinkle through the branches They are awed by the sight, though not by the situation:
56) 1) dialog: (to himself . The waterfall...this is too creepy. The barge has run around in a shallow channel where a del like sand spit splays out from the small tributary a waterfall. on each side, broad white sand banks littered with boulders and driftwood recede to the forest tree lin Danny surveys the damage.
56) 2) dialog: Shit. We've hit bottom. We'll have to winch it off.
56) 6) dialog: Let's do this fast. I got a bad feeling. “He drags the cable to a nearby boulder, but it falls a f . feet short. He strains to stretch out the slack, but th no way it's going to reach: He yells to Terri and Westrid
56) 7) dialog: Gonna need a push or a pall here. TERRI: . We're right there, Danny. Westridge...
58) 0) text: Danny, Terri and Westridge give one. more heave-ho, and t barge pulls free. They are elated.
60) 0) text: Danny approaches the edge of the boat-- he can hear the whisper of struggle onboard-- uncertain what it is he kno it's not good and at just this moment he senses something else. ..movement in the water...he turns, alarmed...Terri turns in reaction and both see the ANACONDA just as it sl “underwater creating ripples moving with tremendous speed
60) 1) dialog: On the boat! Get on the boat! - | _ ‘The boat has caught the current and moves ahead of t they run like hell and Westridge sees the ripples now, cutting through the water, dividing him from Danny and Te SNAKE'S POV: Feet splashing through the water...
60) 2) text: The MASSIVE. SNAKE emerges from the water, hesitating, CO Westridge shouts and waves at the snake, distracting i Terri and Danny... SNAKE'S POV: JUNGLE AND WATER, SWISHES BY and now a quick STOP: WESTRIDGE is center frame now, staring, terrified, | standing his ground. WESTRIDGE . For God, Queen and Country! The snake moves towards him and he starts to run back to sandbar upon which the boat was stranded. The snake moves toward him, Sppiag beneath the water.
61) 0) text: Denise is dead now. Sarone has her knife and is cutting t ropes that bind him. : TERRI AND DANNY climb onto the boat and turn to look acro the water as Westridge stands on the sandbar, still froze terror.
61) 7) text: THE DYING TREE STRAINS FROM THE WEIGHT, it's roots appear out of the loose soil. TERRI AND DANNY WATCH, FROM © THE DECK, HORRIFIED... Sarone approaches from behind, knife raised. He moves to attack, and Danny turns just in time to see the blade com now. toward his heart and he reaches up and grabs Sarone' wrist, stopping the knife just short. .
61) 19) dialog: Now you know why I hate » snakes. Suddenly, they hear the release of a tranquilizer gun. .Turning sharply, they see an object streaking through th toward them! They dive aside just in time, and the dart -takes a chunk out of the railing. Sarone quickly reloads as Danny grabs the rifle and fires The bullet ricochets off the pilot house. : Sarone and Danny creep around the deck, with Danny limpin from the knife cut on his leg. The tension is thick as th try to get a bead on each other. ANGLE: CALE'S ROOM. Cale hears the gunshots and, with some effort, sits up an pulls himself to stand. Leaning heavily on the wall he staggers out of the cabin. ' ANGLE: ON DECK. Sarone sees a shadow and fires a second dart. It whizzes past Danny's head and flies off into the jungle. Danny shoots back with the rifle, missing again. Sarone has roamed away from his storage of darts, so he m quickly back to the footlocker for more. Opening the lock - he looks puzzled -- the darts are gone. Cale is suddenly there behind him, thrusting the needle o tranquilizer canister into his back, directly between his shoulder blades. : Sarone screams in agony as he spins around. The knife is suddenly in his hand. He weaves a bit as the tranquilizer begins to take hold, and his swipe with the knife is weak wild. Terri grabs Cale and pulls. him out of Sarone's range. Sa staggers after them like a drunken sailor. Reeling, bounc off walls, he won't stop. Danny has Sarone in his sights. He squeezes off the killi shot -- CLICK! The rifle is empty. Just as Sarone corners terri and Cale, he turns groggy. H eyes roll up into his head as he stumbles two more steps, then falls over the railing and landing heavily in the wa Danny watches Sarone's body go under. (CONTINUED )
61) 22) text: Pleasant dreams... C » And the barge moves forward through the water. ‘ Danny turns and moves to Terri. Cale collapses in her a . exhausted and trembling. Danny helps her lift him.
61) 28) dialog: I think we're out of gas. (beat) I haven't said that since high school.
61) 32) text: Let's get him back in his room. The boat has slowed to a virtual halt. Danny looks at the wide, stagnant stretch of river that extends ahead as far the eye can see. It doesn't look good. OMIT 107 . . Coe ce 107
61) 44) text: Danny steers the barge as it drifts in the languid curren
61) 46) dialog: Fantastic. The north shore broadens into a natural bay that is littered with 50 gallon drums and floating clots of oily scum. Sag cranes, mounted on concrete, overlook a vacant dock.
61) 47) dialog: Hold the wheel. Terri takes the wheel. Danny scrambles for his camera and screws a long zoom lens into place. He walks out on deck ‘looks through the lens.
61) 50) dialog: Looks like an old mill or something. Danny racks focus to reveal more of the strange devi DANKY (cout 'D) I don't see any people. astation.
61) 57) dialog: You don't believe Sarone's story?
62) 0) text: Dust and filth everywhere. Danny and Terri look down the length of the mill. Massive sawblades stand silent. Shaft grayish light penetrate the gloom. Stacks of lumber, cind blocks, rebar, crates, and other material are scattered i random heaps. The floor is littered with sawdust, scraps wood, metal bindings, etc. Opposite the saw, connected by series of fractured catwalks, are the deserted mill offic Everywhere they look are signs that. the jungle has quiok reclaimed the property. .  omrrmuD) ——rnansemeeeesneemnnemmmmmnnnennnnnnnemms tans iscsi
62) 2) dialog: Didn't pay their bill. They walk towards the back of the building and stop short when they see a large wood pulp mountain made up of rotte scraps and discards on the back wall. The mountain blocks doors or windows in the back. .
62) 3) dialog: What the? . Danny looks at the pulp mountain and it seems to be alive It is actually moving. It only takes a heartbeat for them realize that the wood pulp is swarmed by living anacondas -that squirm and writhe. They are young, no longer than s feet, nesting in the pulp.
62) 5) dialog: (unnerved) Whatever. Let's get out of here. They move back towards the front and see an old incinerat furnace, part-of the massive chimey that rises out of the mill. Next to the furnace: a stack of 55 gallon fuel drum Danny shuffles quickly to a stack of fuel drums against t wall. He wrestles one of the heavy drums into position.
62) 11) dialog: I set the anchor... | ‘Terri rans towards the river. Danny jogs, limping, after Danny reaches her and they stand, next to a clump of tree watching the boat drift. The sudden horrible reality of t situation becomes clear. . . OS eae)
63) 0) text: Terri and Danny sit, still unconscious, back to back in t middle of the factory floor. They are bound ankle and wri by gaffers tape and appear to be sitting in the middle of large net that has been spread on out on the floor. Saron stands in front of them holding a bucket.
63) 5) dialog: (spitting) Abh. Man! SARONE - . A little monkey blood. Terri's eyes burn into Sarone.
63) 15) dialog: Continue to thrash and struggle. Terri looks up and sees saw blades on the level above them.
63) 17) dialog: Yeah. Maybe. They wriggle across the floor -- without the use of arms legs they, ironically, move = Like snakes.
63) 19) dialog: Almost to the bottom of the ladder, determined, it looks this just. might work...until we see the length of rope t is tied to Danny's ankles and is now stretched taut, its opposite end tied to a wooden post. Danny thunks his head against the floor in frustration. : Terri squints up at the saw blade only a short ladder cli away. And suddenly, it‘s dark as night, as if someone has just turned off the lights. Danny looks up at the skylights. He and Terri see the silhouette of a MASSIVE ANACONDA slithering across the ro and into the building through a high window. Terri gasps. (CONTINUED )
63) 33) text: Danpy rips the tape off his legs and helps Terri. Sarone moves fast, racing up a rusty old ladder. The snak follows. Sarone is almost to the top of the ladder...the snake curling around it...climbing quickly...just as Saro is stepping off the ladder, the full weight of the snake tears the rivets from the wall and the ladder, Sarone, an snake fall to the ground with a thunderous crash. Sarone lands hard, but manages to get to his feet. The sn coils, preparing to strike. Sarone screams with primal ra his arms. extended as if he intends to wrestle the massiv reptile. ‘The snake strikes, meeting him head-on with an awesome impact, quickly loops Sarone's body, and begins t squeeze. A machete, hanging from sarone's belt, gets caught betwee the body of Sarone and the body of the snake, cutting int ‘both as the snake powerfully constricts. Sarone struggle his face bright red and bulging, blood dripping from his ears. The snake squeezes tighter, breaking bones are hear Blood erupts from Sarone's mouth and nose.. An eyeball bu obscenely before plopping out of its socket. , Terri and Danny, now free, hide behind a stack of lumbe ‘They watch in horror as the snake opens wide its jaws an begins to swallow Sarone head first.
64) 0) text: Danny and Terri creep quietly towards the front doors. Th snake lays still, digesting, between them and the door. A large lump, formerly Sarone, can be seen below the snakes neck. They sneak around a piece of machinery and the snak instantly alert to their movement, its massive tail whipp around, its tongue flicking out. The snake is so big-his bédy, even when partially coiled, seems to be. everywhere. The front doors are blocked by t snake. A crack in the walls to the side are blocked by th snake. Danny and. Terri’ look. over behind them and see t mound full of writhing anacondas. No way they're.climbing over that to get out. They duck back into the shadows.
64) 5) dialog: Yeah...like half a beer to you and me.
64) 9) dialog: Ok. ..How do we kill it? Terri looks up to the second floor.
64) 11) dialog: We burn it. You check out the office. I'll try to figure this out.
68) 0) text: Danny rolls another fuel drum into the incinerator. He's about 4 or 5 or them there. He looks up the smokestack an sees a series of rungs leading to the top. Terri comes sprinting around the corner. Danny catches he
68) 1) dialog: Whoa! |
68) 3) dialog: (pointing to the incinerator) We've got to get it in here. Give me that rope. Danny grabs the rope from her shoulder. uot DANNY -It can follow me in. The snake comes towards them hissing with killing fury. T grabs the rope back from Danny.
70) 1) dialog: Danny floods the incinerator floor with fuel. Several dru stand open in the pool of combustible fluid. Danny dunks short length of canvas strapping into the fuel. He then r the length outside: a makeshift fuse. He reaches in his pocket. for his matches.: They are soggy with monkey bloo
70) 2) dialog: ‘shit!
73) 3) dialog: Carefully protecting the flame, Danny delicately. places match in the fuel. The fuel greedily ignites.
73) 5) dialog: It's gonna blow! Jump!
73) 9) text: Fire shoots out the top hundreds of feet into the air bef the smokestack itself disintegrates in a hail of bricks. The entire four-story length of the anaconda momentarily suspends vertically in mid-air,. engulfed in fire. The burning anaconda falls to the ground, twisting in pai ‘ten feet from Danny. With great effort the snake rears b opens its mouth to the sky, and lets out a-.deafening his agony. Danny is frozen in terror as he watches the snake exhale flames like a dragon. oe The anaconda slides into the water, dousing the flames an causing patches of oil te burn on the water's surface. Terri stands trapped in the water as the anaconda appears Move straight towards her. The water swirls violently aro her...then stops. Terri holds her breath until...the lifeless snake floats the surface. Terri's legs are tangled in the dead snake. pushes the snake away and runs to the shore. Danny runs to meet her and they embrace.
73) 11) dialog: Yeah. Me too.
74) 0) text: A makeshift raft is anchored alongside the boat. Danny smiles with relief as he pumps fuel from the dram i the barge's fuel tank. . (CONTINUED )
75) 1) dialog: I want a shower, some food, and the first Plane outta here. TERRI : . We can stop for a snakeburger on the way. Danny shudders.
75) 2) dialog: You think you're funny don't you?. Suddenly a flock of brightly colored parrots flies across river and around the barge.
75) 5) dialog: Well we had, you know, some business to take care of.
75) 12) dialog: Hey! What? TERRI . Sarone.was right. We've got no business ' being here. This is not our world.