8) 0) text: C) The VAN slams on its brakes, screeching to a stop, bar \ missing an INDIAN MAN lugging a large basket of fruit. occupants of the Van lurch against the seats. The Indian Man moves on, after giving the driver of the v an international hand signal, and the van continues to navigate the clatter and color of Manaus: NATIVES in feat walking among CITY PEOPLE in business suits...KIDS playin soccer in a muddy field that is flanked by modern office buildings....STREET VENDORS selling everything they own....STREET WALKERS selling everything imaginable. see 11A EXT. DOCK - DAY 11a ’ The van passes across a bridge onto the dock teeming wi PEOPLE coming and going. CRATES filled with electronic go soda, beer, BARGES heavily laden. BOATS of all sizes and shapes -- RIVERBOATS preparing for a long journey, hammoc swinging from their decks, maybe a band plays as one riverboat pulls out. The van pulls up next to a waiting SPEEDBOAT The ARIAU JU TOWER HOTEL printed across the stern and disgorges the jostled occupants. First out is GARY, a handsome American © shoots a look at TERRI PORTER, an attractive woman in h ” twenties, confident, tough, independent. Terri's been r in the front passenger seat: GARY'S expression seems to s "What have you gotten us in to". GARY helps DENISE KALBERG, early twenties, a fresh, small town scrubbed quality about her, as they unload their equipment. From their body language and playful manner it apparent that they are lovers. Denise wears a funky jewel erucifix from her neck.
9) 0) text: Gary and Denise lead the way down one of the catwalks. Bi of every color flit in the jungle canopy. Monkeys chatter from the trees. They reach a room and Denise unlocks the door. She turns to Terri and hands her a room key.
9) 1) dialog: I don't think we'll see you for dinner.
9) 3) dialog: Handeuffs, Gary. Handcuffs. Denise playfully shoves Gary into the room and closes the door. Terri smiles wryly and walks on.
10) 13) dialog: Gary? Gary?
13) 6) text: Shooting Script - December 1 / 212. 17A’ EXT. HOTEL WATERFRONT — DAY : 17A C) Terri walks toward the fifty five-foot barge of rusted SH and peeling paint. It's as flat as a pancake with a sq -bow and stern. There's a raised, wooden pilot house at o end and a rusted crane at the stern. The boat rides only inches above the waterline, burdened with drums of diesel fuel, coils of rope, and supply trunks. Terri walks over to Cale and hands hima page of script. Behind them the crew sets up equipment on the boat. Danny moves back and forth with his light meter. Gary fiddles w cables and tapes. Denise oversees the loading of equipmen and supplies, checking them off on her clipboard.
13) 11) text: You there! Young woman! Stow that in my room. 7 DENISE . . I'm not the bellhop. I'm the Production Manager.
13) 61) dialog: Terri...I wouldn't bring a deadbeat on a shoot even if he is drop-dead adorable. (CONTINUED)
13) 69) dialog: He'll be fine and I can take care of myself. cur 0:
14) 0) text: The river has thickened, and there are no other boats in sight. . Danny stands near the back of the barge with a c on his shoulder as he films the -hot, sticky jungle. Gary and’ Denise are on the port side, he's taping sounds the shore. She's making notes in her expense book. We hea “the exotic shrills of “birds and the cries:of small anim ph
16) 7) text: (subdued ) "Pull over to his boat. Mateo maneuvers toward the crippled boat. Danny has his camera on his shoulder. Gary and Denise are taping the vicious sounds of the winds and rain. Mateo smiles ever s slyly. The form becomes a man as the two boats get closer. PAUL SARONE is tall, strong and handsome with a commanding physical presence, obvious even as he stands soaked. - The two boats come close, Gary grabs.a rope and heaves across the gap to Sarone. Gary wraps it around a cleat as Sarone pulls the barge a little closer.
17) 29) dialog: -Would.a salad go well with ‘fish river style'? SARONE wt Perfect. Denise hands him the skillet. Sarone expertly salts and : ss the large fish, rubs some oil on it, and drope it in. the skillet. The fish pops and sizzles. (CONTINUED )
18) 0) text: C) The remains of dinner lay scattered around the table. \ Westridge kills bugs with a spray can. Gary and Denise, _ loaded down with sound equipment climb ashore. Danny st out his cigarillo.
18) 5) dialog: Listen to it. It's beautiful. Gary and Denise hold hands like teenage lovers as they. l the boat, stepping onto shore. Each carries a box as they walk into the jungle. Cy ,
22) 0) text: Denise and Gary have found a small clearing in the jungle about a hundred yards from shore; they have their equipme out and are listening to the sounds of the jungle: a symp of insect noises, wind, and distant mammal chatters which peculiarly sensual to the two. Their eyes meet. Denise an Gary both feel the strange, wild lust of the jungle. . Suddenly, they'ze in each other's arms with a passionate kiss. Gary breaks from her and clicks on the Nagra.
22) 2) text: They want wild sounds? Let's give them some. Denise laughs as Gary peels off her blouse. ‘The sounds . gonsume them, engulf them, fade off as they become lost each other... Denise freezes as her eyes pop wide open.
22) 4) dialog: The silence.... The night is suddenly, completely silent. POV from a distance: they are being watched. Gary turns on his ‘ flashlight as Denise slips back into her clothes. He shin the flashlight in one direction, then quickly in another. Whirling around, he flashes the light at the sound behind chim: the breaking of a twig. Nothing there. Just lush jungle. A false alarm. They relax... Then another sound. A snap. He whispers to Denise.
24) 0) text: The barge moves slowly down the river, surrounded by the vast, hot jungle. Danny, Gary, and Denise stand with their equipment at the ready. Cale is excited, tense, checking his field notes a charts. Terri checks her notebook, scans the riverbank.
24) 2) dialog: Wow. Gary! Look at this. She points to a large totem carved in the shape of a snak - planted in a small clearing directly at the fork. The t and it's relationship to the river, looks almost devotion Danny gets a shot of it. Westridge steps out of his cabin
25) 10) dialog: Drink up, men. A pissing contest will - follow.
27) 0) text: For a few seconds nobody senses ‘a problen. Denise scream They look quickly at the water and see Cale floating motionless to the surface. Danny dives from the top of th wheelhouse into the water. Gary leaps overboard. Together they drag the limp body to the boat, and Mateo and Sarone pull it aboard while Westridge watches helplessly. (CONTINUED )
32) 0) text: , Denise helps Sarone and Gary aboard. The engine is chug ‘straining, and then suddenly stalls.
37) 0) text: the barge motors down the river. Everyone is on deck beca it's too hot below. Danny plays a little poker with Gary Denise, just losing when we come into the game.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah, this time you don't let me win.
37) 27) dialog: What if somebody's just left it for the time being?
43) 2) dialog: You don't even care, do you?
44) 23) dialog: He's probably just lost.
44) 45) dialog: os I'm not so sure he didn't eat the . CY captain. He certainly looks satiated. ' (distracted) | Yeah...- \
44) 48) dialog: (whispering) I'm scared.
45) 0) text: Cale, Still comatose, his breathing labored. -INT. GARY AND DENISE ; Gary is wide awake. Denise stirs next to him, groggily opening her eyes, making part of her dream the image of G with his eyes open, moving closer to him, holding him tig Int. TERRI'S ROOM And Terri, in her own dream world: KA-CLICK! A sound that might be in her dream or nightmare...she stirs, fighting wake from her slumber... KA-CLICK! Suddenly, her eyes ope - just a flutter at first, then popping wide open.
47) 4) dialog: What the heck is he up to? ; Cy Sarone throws a glance to Gary, then goes about his bu
50) 16) dialog: Gary?
50) 23) dialog: (taking a step towards Gary) You bastard! Terri pulls her. back.
50) 32) dialog: (to Terri) I am so sorry I brought him along. I really messed up. °
50) 34) dialog: This is.all my fault.
50) 49) text: Denise is cornered. She backs up, clutching her crucifix mumbling a prayer, as the snake moves in on her and coils attack. Suddenly, Denise falls .overboard in a backward f and lands in the water. ’ Gary leaps overboard.to get to Denise. Attracted to the - movement, the anaconda heads overboard, slithers straig down and disappears into the depths of the dark river. UNDERWATER: 5c We see the snake starting to wrap around Denise beneath t surface of the river. But in the process, the anaconda is also wrapping around a submerged tree trunk. ‘The tree tr interferes, and Gary is able to pull Denise out of the lo at the last possible moment.
51) 0) text: Suddenly, the anaconda flies up through the surface again lands on the deck of the boat. The snake grabs Gary in th blink of an eye and tightens the loop on him. Gary gasps unable to breath and Denise screams as she tries to pull free seeing the life being squeezed out of him.
52) 0) text: Denise kneels by the side of the barge, looking into the water. Her eyes red from tears that.can no longer flow. Staring, unblinking. She prays silently. Sarone works in the pilot house, alone, alienated from th group, apparently not too concerned with his current standing. The rifle slung around his shoulder.
52) 9) dialog: How dare you! How dare you pray for Gary! You brought the snake. You knew we were coming. You brought the snake. The devil. You brought the devil. Sarone turns from her, he cannot help her. Denise falls t her knees, sobbing. He moves over to the footlocker-- whi happens to be near where Terri stands. He begins to prepare anet. She turns to him, her voice even, cool, seething.
54) 0) text: A new atmosphere has taken over the boat: a sense of free and joy as the crew motors downriver. Sarone is still tied up on deck as the barge moves forwar full throttle. Denise sits nearby, still numb.
55) 0) text: It's as though they just hit a brick wall: people, suppli and gear go flying. Sarone skids across the deck, still t to a chair, while Denise grips the rail. INT. CALE'S ROOM . . . . 95a - The jolt seems to have waken Cale. His eyes pop open and looks around his cabin...completely disoriented.
57) 0) text: Denise, eyes cold, rises slowly from the deck chair and p up a large, serrated hunting knife, checking the edge and feeling its weight and balance. She walks toward Sarone. Her footsteps click loudly on the deckboards, and Sarone her coming. He looks up at her with empty eyes.
57) 3) dialog: No. Stop. You don't deserve to pray.
57) 11) dialog: Why? Why are you here? Sarone suddenly heaves his body up and wraps his legs aro her throat in a wrestler-like scissors hold. He squeezes with all his strength, and she drops the knife to the dec
59) 0) text: Sarone is still squeezing Denise's throat, cutting off he breathing. She struggles to try to pull his powerful legs apart, but she sinks slowly to her knees, her arms + flai about, knocking over a nearby chair.
61) 0) text: Denise is dead now. Sarone has her knife and is cutting t ropes that bind him. : TERRI AND DANNY climb onto the boat and turn to look acro the water as Westridge stands on the sandbar, still froze terror.