8) 0) text: C) The VAN slams on its brakes, screeching to a stop, bar \ missing an INDIAN MAN lugging a large basket of fruit. occupants of the Van lurch against the seats. The Indian Man moves on, after giving the driver of the v an international hand signal, and the van continues to navigate the clatter and color of Manaus: NATIVES in feat walking among CITY PEOPLE in business suits...KIDS playin soccer in a muddy field that is flanked by modern office buildings....STREET VENDORS selling everything they own....STREET WALKERS selling everything imaginable. see 11A EXT. DOCK - DAY 11a ’ The van passes across a bridge onto the dock teeming wi PEOPLE coming and going. CRATES filled with electronic go soda, beer, BARGES heavily laden. BOATS of all sizes and shapes -- RIVERBOATS preparing for a long journey, hammoc swinging from their decks, maybe a band plays as one riverboat pulls out. The van pulls up next to a waiting SPEEDBOAT The ARIAU JU TOWER HOTEL printed across the stern and disgorges the jostled occupants. First out is GARY, a handsome American © shoots a look at TERRI PORTER, an attractive woman in h ” twenties, confident, tough, independent. Terri's been r in the front passenger seat: GARY'S expression seems to s "What have you gotten us in to". GARY helps DENISE KALBERG, early twenties, a fresh, small town scrubbed quality about her, as they unload their equipment. From their body language and playful manner it apparent that they are lovers. Denise wears a funky jewel erucifix from her neck.
9) 0) text: Gary and Denise lead the way down one of the catwalks. Bi of every color flit in the jungle canopy. Monkeys chatter from the trees. They reach a room and Denise unlocks the door. She turns to Terri and hands her a room key.
9) 2) dialog: (playfully) She's gonna tie me to the bed.
10) 0) text: Wight encroaches. and the jungle begins to come alive wit sounds.’ Danny sits at a table drinking a beer and smokin Dannemann Speciale (small cigars native to Brazil). Gary enters looking exhausted and walks over to Danny.
10) 1) dialog: Hey. How's it goin'?
10) 8) dialog: They must be attracted to the sweat. How is it this hot at night?
10) 10) dialog: You from the City?
10) 12) dialog: Yeah!? Me too. Imagine that. Two guys from Brooklyn in the middle of the . jungle. DANNY . It's not just a job, it's an adventure. GARY . Yeah, well, the pay sucks on this adventure. Denise walks into the bar.
10) 14) dialog: (to Danny) © . But the fringe benefits are excellent. Gary. quickly exits. Danny finishes his beer.
13) 6) text: Shooting Script - December 1 / 212. 17A’ EXT. HOTEL WATERFRONT — DAY : 17A C) Terri walks toward the fifty five-foot barge of rusted SH and peeling paint. It's as flat as a pancake with a sq -bow and stern. There's a raised, wooden pilot house at o end and a rusted crane at the stern. The boat rides only inches above the waterline, burdened with drums of diesel fuel, coils of rope, and supply trunks. Terri walks over to Cale and hands hima page of script. Behind them the crew sets up equipment on the boat. Danny moves back and forth with his light meter. Gary fiddles w cables and tapes. Denise oversees the loading of equipmen and supplies, checking them off on her clipboard.
13) 44) dialog: (snapping) I'm not ready! Gary whips the mike cable around angrily.
13) 45) text: (surly) Just give me a goddamn second here! Terri cooly waits until Gary untangles the cord and nods ‘approval.
13) 48) dialog: Speed. Marker. Gary dips the mike into camera view and thumps it with hi hand. Terri signals Westridge, who clears his throat. (CONTINUED)
14) 0) text: The river has thickened, and there are no other boats in sight. . Danny stands near the back of the barge with a c on his shoulder as he films the -hot, sticky jungle. Gary and’ Denise are on the port side, he's taping sounds the shore. She's making notes in her expense book. We hea “the exotic shrills of “birds and the cries:of small anim ph
16) 7) text: (subdued ) "Pull over to his boat. Mateo maneuvers toward the crippled boat. Danny has his camera on his shoulder. Gary and Denise are taping the vicious sounds of the winds and rain. Mateo smiles ever s slyly. The form becomes a man as the two boats get closer. PAUL SARONE is tall, strong and handsome with a commanding physical presence, obvious even as he stands soaked. - The two boats come close, Gary grabs.a rope and heaves across the gap to Sarone. Gary wraps it around a cleat as Sarone pulls the barge a little closer.
17) 16) dialog: And now you're hunting?
17) 32) dialog: What're those?
18) 0) text: C) The remains of dinner lay scattered around the table. \ Westridge kills bugs with a spray can. Gary and Denise, _ loaded down with sound equipment climb ashore. Danny st out his cigarillo.
18) 2) dialog: We're going to collect some wild sound.
18) 4) dialog: Yeah. It's a jungle out there.
22) 0) text: Denise and Gary have found a small clearing in the jungle about a hundred yards from shore; they have their equipme out and are listening to the sounds of the jungle: a symp of insect noises, wind, and distant mammal chatters which peculiarly sensual to the two. Their eyes meet. Denise an Gary both feel the strange, wild lust of the jungle. . Suddenly, they'ze in each other's arms with a passionate kiss. Gary breaks from her and clicks on the Nagra.
22) 2) text: They want wild sounds? Let's give them some. Denise laughs as Gary peels off her blouse. ‘The sounds . gonsume them, engulf them, fade off as they become lost each other... Denise freezes as her eyes pop wide open.
22) 3) dialog: What? What's wrong?
22) 5) dialog: Let's get the hell out of here. : But the flashlight has caught something, and Denise is staring in shock. TWO GLOWING EYES of a snorting creature Terrified, Denise takes a step backward, then turns to ru and lands SMACK AGAINST A TALL FIGURE. It's Sarone.
24) 0) text: The barge moves slowly down the river, surrounded by the vast, hot jungle. Danny, Gary, and Denise stand with their equipment at the ready. Cale is excited, tense, checking his field notes a charts. Terri checks her notebook, scans the riverbank.
25) 5) dialog: The rope! Quickly, Mateo kills the engine and the shaking boat goes dead in the water. The crew rushes to the back of the boa and looks into the river. One of the mooring ropes has fallen off the deck and is snarled beneath the boat. The boat bas begun to drift backward in the current. Rope's tangled in the propelior. : MATEO. Can't be. I secured it myself.
27) 0) text: For a few seconds nobody senses ‘a problen. Denise scream They look quickly at the water and see Cale floating motionless to the surface. Danny dives from the top of th wheelhouse into the water. Gary leaps overboard. Together they drag the limp body to the boat, and Mateo and Sarone pull it aboard while Westridge watches helplessly. (CONTINUED )
27) 14) text: A single light shines on the dark water as Sarone surface Gary and Terri pull him aboard.
28) 11) dialog: . (impressed) - Dynamite? That's real dynamite?. SARONE — Good to be prepared. Yeah. Boy Scout's motto.
28) 21) dialog: If it's the fastest way out of here... Terri's eyes burn into Sarone's. she doesn't like this at all. But she seems to have no choice.
29) 0) text: The rowboat glides down the dam. . GARY . You're sure this is safe.
31) 0) text: Sarone runs along the top of the dam, linking the fuses together. GARY SURFACES.
31) 1) dialog: It's set.
31) 3) dialog: Something's down there.
31) 5) dialog: No, really. I felt it....
32) 0) text: , Denise helps Sarone and Gary aboard. The engine is chug ‘straining, and then suddenly stalls.
37) 0) text: the barge motors down the river. Everyone is on deck beca it's too hot below. Danny plays a little poker with Gary Denise, just losing when we come into the game.
41) 12) dialog: Hang on. If he's on the boat I'll hear him. Shhh. . Everyone is silent as Gary aims the mike at the boat. W the highly amplified sound of lapping water, mosquitos, a moving through the foliage. Nothing human. .
41) 14) dialog: Weird. If he was out there I'd hear him breathing. Danny jumps over the side.
44) 24) dialog: It doesn't seem right. We would've heard something. .
44) 49) dialog: Let's go to bed. They turn and start to leave. — » : = © Exciting. Isn't it? Gary turns and looks at Sarone. Their eyes meet.
44) 50) dialog: (soothingly to Denise) I'1l be there in a few minutes. she looks at him strangely, then moves to her cabin. The others.also move off the deck, to their rooms. Gary stays deck. Looks up to Sarone. He hesitates, then moves up to the pilot house. 77R ANGLE: ” 77% Sarone turns. As if expecting him.
44) 51) dialog: So...Sarone. It's out there, isn't it? (CONTINUED )
44) 54) dialog: (nodding) There might be a buyer for that kind of footage. How much is the snake worth?
44) 56) dialog: That's quite a payday for you.
45) 0) text: Cale, Still comatose, his breathing labored. -INT. GARY AND DENISE ; Gary is wide awake. Denise stirs next to him, groggily opening her eyes, making part of her dream the image of G with his eyes open, moving closer to him, holding him tig Int. TERRI'S ROOM And Terri, in her own dream world: KA-CLICK! A sound that might be in her dream or nightmare...she stirs, fighting wake from her slumber... KA-CLICK! Suddenly, her eyes ope - just a flutter at first, then popping wide open.
46) 13) dialog: No use, Terri. The tubes are missing. Terri looks at Gary, confused. TERRI . Whatever. We turn back. I won't take us any further into this jungle. ‘Westridge has appeared.
46) 23) dialog: He's right, Terri. Terri looks at Gary with a gnawing suspicion...
46) 28) text: No problem. DANNY watches from his cabin. Sees only the current ' tableaux: Sarone standing with his rifle, facing Terri Westridge...and Gary somewhere in the middle.
47) 0) text: The barge has steamed farther downriver, away from the sc of Mateo's disappearance. Sarone, a bundle of energy, tie ropes, prepares nets, and checks tranquilizer darts. . DE stands with GARY. (CONTINUED ). 81 82°
50) 17) dialog: Look. The way I figure it, with Cale messed up, the movie's off. Why not salvage something? Why not film Sarone capturing a big snake? (CONTINUED)
50) 21) dialog: No. If anything I'm completely lucid. It's you guys who aren't seeing the situation clearly. Help me out then. I'm having a little trouble making the leap fram...get a man © to the hospital to...hunt for snakes.
50) 22) dialog: We're in the middle of the jungle! All you guys do is question and criticize. You don't know anything about the shit we're in. (pointing to Sarone) But he does. He's been here and if we help him catch the snake, he'll help us get out of here alive. And that, amigos, is not . insanity. That is common—fucking-sense.
50) 49) text: Denise is cornered. She backs up, clutching her crucifix mumbling a prayer, as the snake moves in on her and coils attack. Suddenly, Denise falls .overboard in a backward f and lands in the water. ’ Gary leaps overboard.to get to Denise. Attracted to the - movement, the anaconda heads overboard, slithers straig down and disappears into the depths of the dark river. UNDERWATER: 5c We see the snake starting to wrap around Denise beneath t surface of the river. But in the process, the anaconda is also wrapping around a submerged tree trunk. ‘The tree tr interferes, and Gary is able to pull Denise out of the lo at the last possible moment.
51) 0) text: Suddenly, the anaconda flies up through the surface again lands on the deck of the boat. The snake grabs Gary in th blink of an eye and tightens the loop on him. Gary gasps unable to breath and Denise screams as she tries to pull free seeing the life being squeezed out of him.