13) 0) text: "RED-EYE" MATEO stands on the deck of the boat, sneaking early-morning swig from his trusty, dented flask. He list with obvious disinterest as CALE shows him something on a map.
13) 3) dialog: Rapids. Shallows. We go this way. Mateo points to another route on the map.
13) 5) dialog: ‘No: problem. It's: your boat. And Iam just - a hired hand. We go your way. Only I . insist we take a detour....here. Otherwise I cannot be responsible. He points to a specific tributary.
13) 30) dialog: Ready to cast off! Terri and Cale snap to. This is the moment they've been waiting for. :
16) 0) text: The torrential rains continue. Mateo squints into the win and is barely able to see the shoreline because the rain so heavy. But he's looking very carefully. The barge rounds a bend, and Danny sees it first: the sha of something in the mist.
16) 1) text: Hey! Over there! A BOAT, gray and heavy, tilting in the water. One by one, the others see the boat... It appears to be abandoned as ‘sags heavily, anchored but lurching from the churning wa Terri points: aman stands on ‘the deck of the boat, his ‘loose clothing flapping in the wind. Soaked and desperat he: waves ‘his arms frantically at them, shouting words t cannot hear. . Terri calls to Mateo over the howling wind
16) 3) dialog: No. You trust nobody on these waters.
16) 6) text: We can't leave him stranded. Cale squints at the vision of a man waving desperately in + storm, a look of recognition and dread crosses his face looks to Mateo, who is simply waiting for instructions.
16) 7) text: (subdued ) "Pull over to his boat. Mateo maneuvers toward the crippled boat. Danny has his camera on his shoulder. Gary and Denise are taping the vicious sounds of the winds and rain. Mateo smiles ever s slyly. The form becomes a man as the two boats get closer. PAUL SARONE is tall, strong and handsome with a commanding physical presence, obvious even as he stands soaked. - The two boats come close, Gary grabs.a rope and heaves across the gap to Sarone. Gary wraps it around a cleat as Sarone pulls the barge a little closer.
16) 17) text: Am I going to be on the news? Sarone's good humor disarms the crew. Everyone laughs exc Mateo. Sarone looks up to Mateo. Mateo regards him with s mysterious knowledge: he knows this man, or men like him.
24) 18) dialog: Patron? Which way? . Let's try this side first. i
26) 0) text: Everything is still as they all watch the water for Cale - reappear. Mateo swigs from his flask. Terri, irritated, 7) scribbles notes on a pad. She feels Sarone's eyes on her...looks over...he smiles to her strangely.
27) 0) text: For a few seconds nobody senses ‘a problen. Denise scream They look quickly at the water and see Cale floating motionless to the surface. Danny dives from the top of th wheelhouse into the water. Gary leaps overboard. Together they drag the limp body to the boat, and Mateo and Sarone pull it aboard while Westridge watches helplessly. (CONTINUED )
27) 5) dialog: Wasp! Deadly poisonous! : Cale is turning blue. Gary and Danny climb aboard.
27) 7) dialog: The radio is out. Danny enters the pilot house.
30) 0) text: Mateo steers the barge up river.
37) 14) dialog: (from pilot house) Look there! Our three players turn to look ‘upriver, as does Sarone a Westridge.. Terri comes up from below.deck and sees. what others are looking at: . » A BOAT, listing to.one side, damaged and probably aband It hangs in a grove of palms on a little ptt of sand dead center in the river. Gary drops anchor and looks to Saron who scrutinizes the boat with narrow eyes.
37) 24) dialog: Could be fuel on board. Supplies.
38) 0) text: An eerie silence as the three men climb aboard. still separated, they search the boat carefully. Mateo tries to open the pilot house door, but it's stuck. He slams his weight against the door, but it won't budge. Stepping bac he kicks the door with all his strength. It splinters and crashes open. Mateo looks cautiously inside. On the other side of the boat, Danny begins his own searc The deck creaks eerily beneath him. An old wooden. cabine door opens and shuts ever so slightly with the shifting o the boat in the current. Danny slowly opens the cabinet, peeking into the darkness inside. TWO RED DOTS GLOW, about an inch apart...Danny, spooked, pulls the camera from his face and starts to shu the door when THE DOTS SHOOT TOWARD HIM. The eyes of some ereature, lunging at his face. Danny SCREAMS, reels away. Mateo and Sarone come running. They all see an iguana, ab a foot long, scurrying across the deck and splashing into tiver. DANNY IS WHITE WITH FEAR, leaning on the railing. Sarone chuckles.
39) 0) text: MATEO squeezes through’ the splintered door. He looks puzzled. There are shards of rotted deck planking propped against the door. Someone was trying to keep something ou
40) 8) text: “ ‘Danny and Sarone lift the footlocker over the side of a Mateo comes out of the pilot house and slips on the scumm deck. He slides like a puck on ice --- off the blind side the boat and into the mucky water.
40) 10) dialog: Shit....
40) 12) dialog: (calling out) Yeah, yeah, I'm coming. Mateo pulls one foot out of the muck, then another. He
40) 17) text: Across the water, Mateo can see the lights of the barge a the silhouettes of Danny and Sarone as they carry the footlocker, but has not breath to call out to them.
40) 18) text: A second loop of the “tree trunk" snaps around Mateo. His face is beet red and his bulging eyes are locked on the distant lights of the barge. ‘His jaws work furiously and silently, his tongue balloon and nose bleeding. DANNY'S VOICE . Mateo! What're you doing back there? Cb What Mateo is doing is dying. A large, dark oval shape mv in front of the camera and engulfs Mateo's limp body.
41) 2) dialog: = (te Sarone) We should -go back for him.. SARONE . ‘ “He's fine. Let's get this on the boat. (call up'to the deck) Give us a hand here. “Gary, Denise and Terri wait at the railing. They help ho the FOOTLOCKER onto the deck. Sarone climbs up after it.
41) 11) dialog: (to the others) I'm going back. . Gary grabs his headphones and a high powered shotgun microphone.
42) 0) text: CLOSE ON DANNY'S FACE, backlit by Mateo's boat, as he mov into the darkness. We stay with him, just inches in front him...the CAMERA MOVES IN A TIGHT CIRCLE around him, so w are now following him, toward the boat...
44) 0) text: Danny moves around the boat, calling Mateo's name. He is answered by the wind in the trees and the lap of the wate FROM THE BANK something tucked in the foliage watches, no moving. So an Danny waves his flashlight across the river bank, sees nothing but foliage and shadows. He now spots a thin shaf of light beaming up between clumps of water-hyacinth. He moves to it and picka it up. MATEO'S FLASHLIGHT, still.on
47) 0) text: The barge has steamed farther downriver, away from the sc of Mateo's disappearance. Sarone, a bundle of energy, tie ropes, prepares nets, and checks tranquilizer darts. . DE stands with GARY. (CONTINUED ). 81 82°
50) 41) text: Suddenly a tremendous wash floods over the deck as the sn shoots out of the river in a wild, shocking moment. The snake spits the dead monkey out of his mouth and onto deck. Mateo's earring lands on the deck next to the dead