5) 0) text: The Poacher scrambles up the few steep steps to the cabin roof. He looks behind him and seés something terrifying. climbs to the top of the mast rising above the cabin. .
8) 0) text: C) The VAN slams on its brakes, screeching to a stop, bar \ missing an INDIAN MAN lugging a large basket of fruit. occupants of the Van lurch against the seats. The Indian Man moves on, after giving the driver of the v an international hand signal, and the van continues to navigate the clatter and color of Manaus: NATIVES in feat walking among CITY PEOPLE in business suits...KIDS playin soccer in a muddy field that is flanked by modern office buildings....STREET VENDORS selling everything they own....STREET WALKERS selling everything imaginable. see 11A EXT. DOCK - DAY 11a ’ The van passes across a bridge onto the dock teeming wi PEOPLE coming and going. CRATES filled with electronic go soda, beer, BARGES heavily laden. BOATS of all sizes and shapes -- RIVERBOATS preparing for a long journey, hammoc swinging from their decks, maybe a band plays as one riverboat pulls out. The van pulls up next to a waiting SPEEDBOAT The ARIAU JU TOWER HOTEL printed across the stern and disgorges the jostled occupants. First out is GARY, a handsome American © shoots a look at TERRI PORTER, an attractive woman in h ” twenties, confident, tough, independent. Terri's been r in the front passenger seat: GARY'S expression seems to s "What have you gotten us in to". GARY helps DENISE KALBERG, early twenties, a fresh, small town scrubbed quality about her, as they unload their equipment. From their body language and playful manner it apparent that they are lovers. Denise wears a funky jewel erucifix from her neck.
9) 0) text: Gary and Denise lead the way down one of the catwalks. Bi of every color flit in the jungle canopy. Monkeys chatter from the trees. They reach a room and Denise unlocks the door. She turns to Terri and hands her a room key.
9) 4) text: Terri comes upon a platform with a clear view of the rive she sees a young black man slouching on a camera case. Th case is marked with the logo for NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC. He DANNY. Terri sPproaches hin. :
11) 0) text: In the pitch black of the jungle at night, Terri sits ata bamboo desk, illuminated by her laptop computer. The wall behind her is not wood but actually a large piece of scre and the sounds and smells of the jungle drift into the ro She hears the eerie calls of bat hawks hunting over the river, a few thumps on her roof... Just as she's starting get the creeps, there's a knock at the door. She flicks o the light. : (CONTINUED )
11) 8) text: Then it's for luck. Terri unwraps the package and reveals a intricately woven wreath of twigs, dried flowers; and feathers.
11) 10) dialog: . (pareastic) a : Really? Would that. ceremonial significance mean commitment? Or is monogamy not a word in the shirishama ~ vocabulary? Cale lets out a groan.
11) 13) text: Shooting script - December 1 - 10, 15 CONTINUED: (2) oO “45 Terri sits back in front of her computer.
13) 6) text: Shooting Script - December 1 / 212. 17A’ EXT. HOTEL WATERFRONT — DAY : 17A C) Terri walks toward the fifty five-foot barge of rusted SH and peeling paint. It's as flat as a pancake with a sq -bow and stern. There's a raised, wooden pilot house at o end and a rusted crane at the stern. The boat rides only inches above the waterline, burdened with drums of diesel fuel, coils of rope, and supply trunks. Terri walks over to Cale and hands hima page of script. Behind them the crew sets up equipment on the boat. Danny moves back and forth with his light meter. Gary fiddles w cables and tapes. Denise oversees the loading of equipmen and supplies, checking them off on her clipboard.
13) 45) text: (surly) Just give me a goddamn second here! Terri cooly waits until Gary untangles the cord and nods ‘approval.
16) 1) text: Hey! Over there! A BOAT, gray and heavy, tilting in the water. One by one, the others see the boat... It appears to be abandoned as ‘sags heavily, anchored but lurching from the churning wa Terri points: aman stands on ‘the deck of the boat, his ‘loose clothing flapping in the wind. Soaked and desperat he: waves ‘his arms frantically at them, shouting words t cannot hear. . Terri calls to Mateo over the howling wind
17) 0) text: Later.now, the storm has ended. The water is calm and the - has cleared. The boat is anchored along the shore. Dann stands at the back of the boat filming. Terri, Cale, and Westridge watch as:
17) 10) dialog: What brought you here?
17) 23) dialog: About the Shirishama.
20) 0) text: Terri and Cale stand on the side of the barge and look ou over the quietly flowing river. Terri holds a map and sma flashlight. ‘Only the glow of a cigarette reveals Sarone, - watching, deep in the shadows. TERRI . Sarone says wé've got a better chance of encountering the Shirishama here. What do you think?
20) 21) dialog: : But you're not sure? ) C) : CALE r . No. I'm sure. I'm positively sure. I am ready to try.
24) 0) text: The barge moves slowly down the river, surrounded by the vast, hot jungle. Danny, Gary, and Denise stand with their equipment at the ready. Cale is excited, tense, checking his field notes a charts. Terri checks her notebook, scans the riverbank.
24) 22) text: POV-- UNDERWATER: Moving toward the hend...coming closer closer...colors distorted...now just inches away before w cut to: . . TERRI'S FACE. Startled. A A hand on her shoulder. She pul her. hand out of the wa . . A QUICK CUT BACK TO THE UNDERWATER POV as the the creatur swerves away from the boat... TERRI turns to see Sarone at her side; beyond her we make ripples in the water, moving away from the boat; neither Terri nor Sarone notice the ripples. Sarone has shaved an put on a clean shirt. He leans toward her with a tangible physical charge. (CONTINUED )
26) 0) text: Everything is still as they all watch the water for Cale - reappear. Mateo swigs from his flask. Terri, irritated, 7) scribbles notes on a pad. She feels Sarone's eyes on her...looks over...he smiles to her strangely.
26) 1) text: Cale cuts more rope, but the last strands are tightly snarled. Sucking more oxygen, he chops vigorously at the rope, ripping pieces of it free. SUDDENLY his EYES POP OP He drops the knife and grabs for his throat. Something ha gone terribly wrong: Cale ‘spits out the regulator and tw and squirms: in the water. With all his strength, he fights the current and swims lL toward the surface - but he can't get around the bottom o : the barge. Trapped there, he can't breathe. His gloved 5 hands claw to find open water.
27) 14) text: A single light shines on the dark water as Sarone surface Gary and Terri pull him aboard.
28) 0) text: Danny mans the lights. Cale lies comatose in a hammock under a mosquito net. » breathing is shallow and raspy through the plastic tube Terri holds his hand. Every. now and then she moistens Ca lips with a little water.
28) 8) dialog: I'm not panicking. I'm looking at a dam that!s blocking our way down this river you know.
36) 0) text: The barge heaves upward like a bucking horse. Everyone is knocked down. High flying debris suddenly rains down upon barge. The crew ducks away from logs and sticks and rocks Terri points with alarm at the spare fuel. drums that are rolling across the deck and plunging into the river.
37) 21) dialog: Do you need that?
37) 23) dialog: Hello! Wo response. Mateo clangs the barge bell. still nothing. Sarone fires a shot in the air, and the startled jungle screams back. Then... nothing.
43) 0) text: Back on the barge, Terri approaches Sarone, who is openin ‘the footlocker and taking inventory of its contents.
44) 4) text: You let him go? Terri runs to the edge of the boat and calls for Danny. S sees nothing but darkness. Sarone sets the bundle aside and pulls from the lecker a’ CROSSBOW-TRANQUILIZER GUN and a half a dozen cylinders ma “MORO-809." His eyes light up as he checks the gun.
44) 34) text: Please, people, don't make me out a monster. I didn't eat the captain. Terri won't look at Sarone now. ~She turns to the others.
45) 0) text: Cale, Still comatose, his breathing labored. -INT. GARY AND DENISE ; Gary is wide awake. Denise stirs next to him, groggily opening her eyes, making part of her dream the image of G with his eyes open, moving closer to him, holding him tig Int. TERRI'S ROOM And Terri, in her own dream world: KA-CLICK! A sound that might be in her dream or nightmare...she stirs, fighting wake from her slumber... KA-CLICK! Suddenly, her eyes ope - just a flutter at first, then popping wide open.
46) 0) text: Terri's door is ajar, and she sees Sarone, on deck. He wo on the BREACH OF BIS RIFLE, oiling it, working it, fittin together. He glances toward her room, sees her awake. She feels violated. How long has he been there? Looking at he He smiles. She gets up and kicks her door closed. Sits fo a moment. She has fallen asleep in her clothes. She stand
46) 28) text: No problem. DANNY watches from his cabin. Sees only the current ' tableaux: Sarone standing with his rifle, facing Terri Westridge...and Gary somewhere in the middle.
48) 0) text: Terri sits near Cale's sickbed holding his hand. He takes shallow, though consistent, breaths. Terri puts the back her hand to his forehead, like a mother. Cale stirs. Bis on flutter. : . :
48) 6) text: (weakly) Terri. Hi. —
50) 0) text: A large limb of a tree breaks and falls, crashing into th water and drifting downstream. Sarone has split the limb with a powerful: gun. Terri comes forward to check the source of the shots. Sarone continues to shoot the powerful gan, and a dead mo drops into the water. Danny, shocked, moves over to confr Sarone. “Terri is close behind. .
50) 2) text: Shooting monkeys. Can't bag game without bait. : / : TERRI. Bait?
53) 0) text: Sarone sits groggily on deck, his head bloodied and banda his hands tied behind his back. He roars like a trapped animal ‘at his captives who: surround him. SARONE . We're all going to hell. You can't survive this river without me} Sarone struggles and writhes, trying to get free. Terri shoves a MAP into Sarone's face. TERRI . Recognize this, Sarone? I'd've thought you'd choose a better hiding place than your front pocket. Seems you've given us
56) 0) text: Terri and Danny scramble out of the wheelhouse, followed stunned Westridge. They rush to the front rail. They are at a point where a broad stream joins the main river. Above the stream, a waterfall cascades from under jumble of logs, then surges over a series of terraced platforms. Rays of sunlight sprinkle through the branches They are awed by the sight, though not by the situation:
58) 0) text: Danny, Terri and Westridge give one. more heave-ho, and t barge pulls free. They are elated.
60) 0) text: Danny approaches the edge of the boat-- he can hear the whisper of struggle onboard-- uncertain what it is he kno it's not good and at just this moment he senses something else. ..movement in the water...he turns, alarmed...Terri turns in reaction and both see the ANACONDA just as it sl “underwater creating ripples moving with tremendous speed
60) 2) text: The MASSIVE. SNAKE emerges from the water, hesitating, CO Westridge shouts and waves at the snake, distracting i Terri and Danny... SNAKE'S POV: JUNGLE AND WATER, SWISHES BY and now a quick STOP: WESTRIDGE is center frame now, staring, terrified, | standing his ground. WESTRIDGE . For God, Queen and Country! The snake moves towards him and he starts to run back to sandbar upon which the boat was stranded. The snake moves toward him, Sppiag beneath the water.
61) 0) text: Denise is dead now. Sarone has her knife and is cutting t ropes that bind him. : TERRI AND DANNY climb onto the boat and turn to look acro the water as Westridge stands on the sandbar, still froze terror.
61) 5) dialog: Up, Warren! Up the rocks! Westridge turns and moves to a jagged staircase of rocks, begins to climb, toward the nearby WATERFALL. The MASSIVE SHAKE moves from the water, onto land, toward him; Terri Danny yell out to the snake, trying to divert its attenti to no avail. SARONE is free from his ropes. He looks down at Denise's lifeless body, with malevolent contempt .
61) 7) text: THE DYING TREE STRAINS FROM THE WEIGHT, it's roots appear out of the loose soil. TERRI AND DANNY WATCH, FROM © THE DECK, HORRIFIED... Sarone approaches from behind, knife raised. He moves to attack, and Danny turns just in time to see the blade com now. toward his heart and he reaches up and grabs Sarone' wrist, stopping the knife just short. .
61) 22) text: Pleasant dreams... C » And the barge moves forward through the water. ‘ Danny turns and moves to Terri. Cale collapses in her a . exhausted and trembling. Danny helps her lift him.
61) 60) text: Look. We need fuel, drinking water. Terri steers towards the dock. TERRI . Ok. Let‘s go. Let's just be careful.
62) 0) text: Dust and filth everywhere. Danny and Terri look down the length of the mill. Massive sawblades stand silent. Shaft grayish light penetrate the gloom. Stacks of lumber, cind blocks, rebar, crates, and other material are scattered i random heaps. The floor is littered with sawdust, scraps wood, metal bindings, etc. Opposite the saw, connected by series of fractured catwalks, are the deserted mill offic Everywhere they look are signs that. the jungle has quiok reclaimed the property. .  omrrmuD) ——rnansemeeeesneemnnemmmmmnnnennnnnnnemms tans iscsi
62) 4) dialog: Babies.
63) 0) text: Terri and Danny sit, still unconscious, back to back in t middle of the factory floor. They are bound ankle and wri by gaffers tape and appear to be sitting in the middle of large net that has been spread on out on the floor. Saron stands in front of them holding a bucket.
63) 15) dialog: Continue to thrash and struggle. Terri looks up and sees saw blades on the level above them.
63) 19) dialog: Almost to the bottom of the ladder, determined, it looks this just. might work...until we see the length of rope t is tied to Danny's ankles and is now stretched taut, its opposite end tied to a wooden post. Danny thunks his head against the floor in frustration. : Terri squints up at the saw blade only a short ladder cli away. And suddenly, it‘s dark as night, as if someone has just turned off the lights. Danny looks up at the skylights. He and Terri see the silhouette of a MASSIVE ANACONDA slithering across the ro and into the building through a high window. Terri gasps. (CONTINUED )
63) 33) text: Danpy rips the tape off his legs and helps Terri. Sarone moves fast, racing up a rusty old ladder. The snak follows. Sarone is almost to the top of the ladder...the snake curling around it...climbing quickly...just as Saro is stepping off the ladder, the full weight of the snake tears the rivets from the wall and the ladder, Sarone, an snake fall to the ground with a thunderous crash. Sarone lands hard, but manages to get to his feet. The sn coils, preparing to strike. Sarone screams with primal ra his arms. extended as if he intends to wrestle the massiv reptile. ‘The snake strikes, meeting him head-on with an awesome impact, quickly loops Sarone's body, and begins t squeeze. A machete, hanging from sarone's belt, gets caught betwee the body of Sarone and the body of the snake, cutting int ‘both as the snake powerfully constricts. Sarone struggle his face bright red and bulging, blood dripping from his ears. The snake squeezes tighter, breaking bones are hear Blood erupts from Sarone's mouth and nose.. An eyeball bu obscenely before plopping out of its socket. , Terri and Danny, now free, hide behind a stack of lumbe ‘They watch in horror as the snake opens wide its jaws an begins to swallow Sarone head first.
64) 0) text: Danny and Terri creep quietly towards the front doors. Th snake lays still, digesting, between them and the door. A large lump, formerly Sarone, can be seen below the snakes neck. They sneak around a piece of machinery and the snak instantly alert to their movement, its massive tail whipp around, its tongue flicking out. The snake is so big-his bédy, even when partially coiled, seems to be. everywhere. The front doors are blocked by t snake. A crack in the walls to the side are blocked by th snake. Danny and. Terri’ look. over behind them and see t mound full of writhing anacondas. No way they're.climbing over that to get out. They duck back into the shadows.
64) 1) text: Ok.. Ok. We gotta get a grip. Terri looks around.
64) 6) dialog: = Maybe he's done?
64) 8) dialog: I don't know. We're trapped. They exchange a look. : . , S,
65) 0) text: Terri walks quietly down the corridor and into the small ‘outer office. She begins to search the decrepit office. momentarily startled when she sees her reflection in a la dirty mirror. She finds a length of rope coiled in the corner. She ducks down to pick it up and, at exactly the moment, the snake comes smashing in through the window attacking the mirror with awesome ‘power, The mirror explodes. ‘the snake -is momentarily stunned.. runs into the next office. She slams the door after her. omrr 126
67) 0) text: Terri waits in the boiler, listening. Sounds come from th other side of the room. All she can see is the ceiling ab her through the vent blades. A SUBTLE SHADOW moves across ceiling...then disappears. She looks relieved, and this relief lasts for perhaps half a second before the SNAKE'S MASSIVE HEAD comes into view. The snake stares straight a her, its fangs bared, its tongue flicking in and out. 127c INT. MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS THE SNAKE COILS WITH BLINDING SPEED around the boiler, th heavy metal beginning to collapse like an aluminum beer c closing around Terri. The rivets pop off and the bottom o the boiler starts to come loose. The snake tries to LUNGE head into the boiler, its jaws snapping inches away from Terri's face. But the opening of the grate is too small f the snake's current width. Terri struggles to close the spinning vent; but it has rusted. So... The snake rears back and CONTRACTS ITS MUSCLES. .- becomi skinnier before our eyes. It lunges again, jaws open, foo long tongue lashing out, inches from Terri. She doesn't e think before smashing the vent with the. hammer, spinning closed and SLICING OFF THE SNAKE'S TONGUE -- using the ve as a spinning guillotine. Screaming with pain, the snake retreats... (CONTINUED )
67) 4) text: Shocting Script - December 1 97. 127C CONTINUED: 127¢ 129 Terri drops out. of the bottom of the boiler and runs Lik hell through the splinteréd doorway, through the office (where she stumbles over Sarone's partially digested corp through the front room. “the snake, wounded and angry, slithers after her. omit 128 : . |
68) 0) text: Danny rolls another fuel drum into the incinerator. He's about 4 or 5 or them there. He looks up the smokestack an sees a series of rungs leading to the top. Terri comes sprinting around the corner. Danny catches he
69) 0) text: Terri hangs on the lower rungs waiting for, what seems li lifetime, the snake to ooze in and locate her.
70) 0) text: Terri furiously pulls herself through the dark brick tunn Some of the metal rungs are loose and her feet slip and dangle momentarily before she pulls herself, hand over ha up and up. Her face has a lock of fierce determination.
71) 0) text: Terri finally reaches the top and emerges from the smokestack. She pulls herself onto the rim's edge. She balances there as the anaconda struggles to writhe out of marrow opening at her feet. She takes the rope and ties it securely to the top rung, -yanking it to test its strength. She tosses it over the but can't see if it reaches the ground below.
73) 0) text: The anaconda is thrashing in the throat of the smokestack snapping at Terri and lashing its stubby, bloody tongue. terri loses her balance and falls. she lands over the top the smokesack...her torso suspended temptingly in front o the snake. The snake lunges at her and she throws her bod ‘over the edge. Terri is hanging by her fingers from the rim, fifty feet above the ground. She tries to shimmy along toward the ru and rope.
73) 9) text: Fire shoots out the top hundreds of feet into the air bef the smokestack itself disintegrates in a hail of bricks. The entire four-story length of the anaconda momentarily suspends vertically in mid-air,. engulfed in fire. The burning anaconda falls to the ground, twisting in pai ‘ten feet from Danny. With great effort the snake rears b opens its mouth to the sky, and lets out a-.deafening his agony. Danny is frozen in terror as he watches the snake exhale flames like a dragon. oe The anaconda slides into the water, dousing the flames an causing patches of oil te burn on the water's surface. Terri stands trapped in the water as the anaconda appears Move straight towards her. The water swirls violently aro her...then stops. Terri holds her breath until...the lifeless snake floats the surface. Terri's legs are tangled in the dead snake. pushes the snake away and runs to the shore. Danny runs to meet her and they embrace.
73) 10) text: You ok? - , “TERRI Maybe.