36) 4) text: The knocker sounds again and Mrs. Cortez hands the cards Gladys, a big, gushy girl, full of hormones and cocktail
36) 6) text: Gladys takes the cards and crosses to Judd, who still sta with his back to his audience, while Mrs. Cortez turns an walks in the other direction. REVERSE SHOT - toward the door. For the first time Mrs. Cortez' living quarters can be seen. The house was former stable on the Mews and in remodeling it for living purpos Mrs. Cortez has allowed the stalls and general architectu of the stable to remain. She uses one of the two stalls a little dining nook, although above it the name of the hor "Apocalypse" is still printed on a placard. The next stal has been converted into a little escritoire, and over thi stall is the name "Morning Star." The place is lit with electrified stable and carriage lamps and furnished with harness and horse adornments which contrast with the rich piled carpet, the lovely square piano of rosewood and the beautiful modern prints with plain wood frames. Book shel cover the largest portion of the walls. Mrs. Cortez wends her way through little groups of her gu and goes to the door. MED. CLOSE SHOT of the door as Mrs. Cortez opens it revea Mary, Ward and Jason on the threshold.
36) 17) dialog: How do you ever do it, Louis?
36) 46) text: It is at this point that Gladys comes bursting back. She picks up the name "Gibson" and rushes ever to Mary.
36) 47) dialog: Gibson? Are you Jacqueline's sister?
36) 49) dialog: (not letting her finish) Know her! My dear, we were intimate! The times we used to have together! I bet she never told you about that -- you're too young.
36) 51) dialog: Missing? Well, no wonder. When she took up with Louis Judd she went out of circulation, like that!
36) 53) dialog: (to Mary) My dear, have I said something?
36) 55) text: He looks quickly over to Mary, sees tears coming to her e takes her elbow and leads her to another part of the room Gladys' attention is attracted by laughter from another g of the party and she drifts off. Ward and Judd are left together.