8) 0) text: Mary and the Romaris. It is a bleak hallway with a narrow strip of worn carpet running down the exact middle of the floor space. A picture of St. Francis of Assisi, surround by fluttering white birds, hangs on the wall, a little bi askew. Mrs. Romari and Mary stand near the stairway raili with the pigeon in close attendance on Mrs. Romari. Romar with a toolbox at his feet, is at the door, on which is t number "7". He has taken off the bottom hinge and is now striking a last few blows to remove the pin from the top hinge. As he works, a girl -- Mimi -- crosses in the background one hallway door to another. She is a tall, thin blonde a is wearing a faded bathrobe. She has a handkerchief over lips, and is coughing dismally. She closes the door behin her.
38) 0) text: Jason comes up the stairs whistling. As he reaches the landing, Mimi comes out of her door at the end of the corridor and goes across to the bathroom. She is in her soiled dressing gown, her hair lank about her shoulders. carries a towel over one arm.
52) 4) text: Mary, still singing, crosses the room and mimics the chop gesture of the last phrase as she reaches for the phone.
62) 0) text: The gas light has been turned down so that there is only tiny flame to illuminate the hall. The draft in the hallw stirs this little flame and the shadows move with it. Jacqueline comes up the stairs. Now that she can be seen closely, it can be seen also that she is exhausted, her e wild, her hair in disorder. She almost staggers as she reaches the landing and goes slowly supporting herself on banisters, toward Mary's door. Her way brings her past Ro #7, the room with the noose. For a moment she stands weak staring at the door, then goes on. She has reached Mary's room, has crossed the narrow hallway and her hand is almo on the knob when Mimi's door opens and Mimi, white nightВ—gowned, comes out into the eerie gas light. Jacque looks at her face which is distorted and horrible in the moving shadows and flickering light. She stifles a scream The other girl is also frightened. The two stand staring each other for a moment.
62) 2) dialog: I'm Mimi -- I'm dying.
62) 4) dialog: Yes. It's been quiet, oh ever so quiet. I hardly move, yet it keeps coming all the time -В—closer and closer. I rest and rest and yet I am dying.
62) 6) dialog: I'm afraid.
62) 8) dialog: I'm tired of being afraid -В— of waiting.
62) 10) dialog: (with sudden determination) I'm not going to wait. I'm going out -- laugh, dance --do all the things I used to do.
62) 12) dialog: I don't know.
62) 14) text: But Mimi has already turned back into her room. Jacquelin stands watching until the light snaps on in Mimi's room a then the door closing, plunges the hall into weird half l again. In this semi-darkness, she turns away from Mary's and walks down the hall toward room #7. She opens the doo and goes in. For a brief moment the light from the hall c the shadow of a noose against the further wall of the roo and then the door closes behind her.
64) 0) text: The CAMERA IS LEVELED on the empty hall. From downstairs can be heard the sound of Mrs. Romari singing. Then Mimi' door opens and Mimi sweeps out, dressed in a black dress, gleaming with sequins, her hair piled high, her walk prou and steady. She comes down the hall toward the camera. Ju as she reaches the door of #7, there is the sound of an overВ—turned chair falling. She pauses and looks toward t door. There is the creaking sound of the rope. She listen for an instant, and failing to comprehend, sweeps on past camera.