0) 10) text: MED. LONG SHOT as Mary walks into the room. It is a large room and every effort has been made to invest it with authority. A large Sheraton desk with side trays stands a one end. On the wall behind this desk hangs a gloomy, dou visaged portrait of the founder of the school. The wall opposite the door is pierced by a large window. There are several bookcases with dull-looking volumes; books of reference and encyclopedia. On top of one of these cases the white, plaster head of Athena. The walls are covered enormous framed, sepia-tinted prints of the Acropolis, th Colosseum, Trajan's Column and other celebrated ruins. Mrs. Lowood, the Principal, a solidly built lady with iro gray hair and her assistant, Miss Gilcrist, a slim, frail lady of indeterminate age, are at a small table at the en the room. They are cutting out paper hearts. As Mary come to them, Mrs. Lowood finishes cutting out a paper heart a lays down the scissors with an air of satisfaction. With close behind her, she starts toward the desk. Miss Gilcri follows. The CAMERA PANS WITH them as they cross the room
0) 12) text: Mary looks concerned. Mrs. Lowood has reached her desk, while Mary stands wonde what might come next. Mrs. Lowood deliberately seats hers and puts her fingertips together firmly. Over this Gothic arch she speaks to Mary. Miss Gilcrist takes her accustom place beside her.
0) 30) text: She turns and starts for the door. Miss Gilcrist goes wit her.
1) 0) text: Mary comes out of Mrs. Lowood's office, closely followed  by Miss Gilcrist, who closes the door softly behind her.
1) 1) dialog: Mary, don't come back. No matter if you never find your sister -В— no matter what happens to you -- don't come back.
1) 3) dialog: (in a kindly, more explanatory tone) My parents died when I was a pupil. I left, as you are leaving, but I didn't have courage -- one must have courage to really live in the world -- I came back.
1) 4) text: The two stand looking at each other for a moment, while M realizes what her future may be -- what Miss Gilcrist is then suddenly the ringing notes of Mrs. Lowood's voice co from the other side of the door.
1) 6) text: Miss Gilcrist starts, turns automatically to open the doo then looks back at Mary. With a fond glance, she pats her before opening the door and going on into Mrs. Lowood's office.
42) 14) text: Miss Rowan, without bothering to answer, strides across t room and takes the teacup from her hand. She seats hersel a small chair facing the sofa. Mrs. Redi starts to pour another cup of tea, but has a slight mishap. There is a clatter.
42) 17) dialog: You shouldn't be nervous. There is nothing personal or vengeful in what we are about to do. We have only to make a decision.
42) 20) dialog: Our founder must have known when he wrote these seemingly contradictory rules -В— the rule of non-violence and the law that whoever betrays us must die -- he must have known.