46) 8) text: aaa WHITE - May 5, 1995 page 22. CONNIE (cont'd) There you are! The nurse hands her the baby. Connie stares at the baby i She rubs her lips against the baby's head. CONNIE (cont'd) Oh, Ged. It's so sweet - just like a little cookie. The nurse tries to help her.
47) 0) text: The camera pulls back from a window view of spring greene curtain, flowers in a vase, an IV stand and a cardiac Mon revealing CONNIE, under a white sheet, pale and sleeping, but alive flutter open, drowsily. Suddenly, they open wide and she up. She gets tangled in the tube stuck into her hand and leads taped to her chest from the cardiac monitor. NURSE enters the room. She tries to restrain Connie and tuck he cars
47) 3) dialog: Careful, honey.
47) 5) dialog: Your baby's fine. Connie stops struggling and looks up at the nurse.
47) 7) dialog: Your baby's fine.
47) 9) dialog: Well, we'll see what we can do. Connie reaches up and grabs the nurse by the collar.
50) 13) dialog: Something to help you relax.
51) 0) text: Nurse Allmeyer enters the room carrying a floral arrangem teddy bear. She opens the window curtains, letting in the the new day, which falls on Connie's sleeping face. The n leaves. Connie's eyes flicker open. Groggy, she rolls ove 60 on REVISED - PINK - May 26, 1995 Page 25. She looks at her wrist tag - shit, it wasn't a dream. She little more. We see the bed is surrounded by a massive di flowers. Connie looks at a card poking out of one of the and reads it.
52) 0) text: Through a display window, CLOSE ON a group of newborns in CLOSE ON CONNIE'S FACE ~ a look of serene amazement. — Nurse Alimeyer approaches her.
52) 1) dialog: Did Dr. Hopley say we could go for walks? Connie smiles, trying to be the model patient. She tries into the subject. The nurse starts leading Connie and her slowly down the corridor with an I‘m-not-listening smile.
52) 3) dialog: Now, honey, are we going to have a bad.day? I thought we were going to have such a good day.
52) 5) dialog: Is that so?
52) 8) dialog: I'm so sorry.
52) 9) text: The nurse moves to her with that needle. Connie tries to
52) 11) dialog: This is a private hospital. We'd throw you right out into the street. (tucking her in) “~~ Actually, the county wards are very-
52) 13) dialog: So what was it you wanted to tell me? . _> Connie is lost in thought.
52) 15) dialog: Well ... maybe as early as tomorrow.
55) 0) text: Nurse Allmeyer rolls the baby in. Connie is asleep on the covers pulled up around her neck.
55) 1) dialog: Look who's visiting Mommy!
55) 3) dialog: page 28A. Is everything okay, Mrs. Winterbourne? Connie dives into the bed and just has time to to her neck before the nurse pokes her head in. NURSE (cont'd) pull the covers up Aren't you going to answer your phone?