41) 6) dialog: Hugh, is there something I should know? Hugh smiles at her warmly and introduces Connie.
41) 8) dialog: He has a thing for us. Connie laughs. Patricia turns to Hugh. PATRICIA (cont'd) Did you get my drink?
41) 10) text: wt HUGH ~ \ (explaining) ~ I like her better than you. Patricia sits down, sighing.
41) 11) dialog: Would you get me another one?
42) 2) dialog: How far along are you?
42) 4) dialog: You know you're my first American conversation? I've been living in Hong Kong since I was eight.
42) 6) dialog: Don't worry about it. It's these trains. We'd have flown, but Hugh wouldn't let me take a plane in ‘my condition.‘ And we heard such wonderful things about the Q.E.- Two.
42) 8) dialog: You're funny. So, is your husband with you? 45 46 WHITE - May 5, 1995 Page 17.
42) 10) dialog: My God. I'm sorry.
43) 1) dialog: I hope you don't mind my asking, but your husband, Steve, did you get along with his parents? CONNIE VS s I only met his dad once. | It was a Super Bowl party and he came on to me. (checking out a sweater) You know, Patricia, if you're looking to get rid of any of this stuff... Patricia looks up from doing her make-up, just noticing.
43) 2) dialog: Oh, you're soaked, aren't you? Put it on. Connie pulls off her sweatshirt to change. Patricia goes her face. PATRICIA (cont'd) Anyway, I'm going to meet Hugh's family and I'm so nervous. He'd hate for me to tell you this, but he's a Winterbourne. She pauses significantly, obviously expecting a reaction. face pops out of the sweater, looking blank. Rovio euuS ~ May 2a, 2295 page
43) 4) dialog: Come on, the Winterbournes. Boston? Richer than God?
43) 6) dialog: You've heard of them?
43) 8) dialog: (laughing) You're teasing me. (she prattles on) Anyway, I had no idea. My dad worked for Credit Suisse in Hong Kong, so I grew up as one of those transplanted American banking brats.
43) 10) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Guilty as charged. So anyway, about a year ago, my dad died and I didn't know what I was going to do. I didn't have anybody. I don't even remember my mom.
43) 12) dialog: Then I ran into Hugh, and I thought he was just another preppy American slumming around the Far East, doing the Miss Saigon bit? But, guess what? I fell in love, so we bummed our way to Europe, really living on nothing, which I think is the best way, don't you?
43) 14) dialog: So I get pregnant, then we get married, and he finally tells me he's one of those Winterbournes, and they're - 47 48 G “Lo aM ae Coc mnrcra TpStras GR as ag 50 WHITE - May-5, 1995 page 19.
43) 16) dialog: Yeah, so happy ending, right? She finishes her story, smiling in a happy way that makes ‘want to bop her one.
44) 3) dialog: And look at my fingers. (They're like hot dogs I've got to get this ring off. She starts tugging at her wedding ring and finally it fli onto the floor by Connie's feet.
46) 2) dialog: Be right there! aN Hugh is gone - she turns to Connie. PATRICIA (cont'd) He'll kill me if I lose it.
46) 6) dialog: Go ahead. Try it on. ott “53 connre OO Isn't that bad luck?
46) 7) dialog: Oh, I couldn't have bad luck. Connie puts it on and admires it longingly. “™ PATRICIA (cont'd) We better go. Patricia grabs Connie's purse to toss it to her. PATRICIA (cont'd) Here you go... 5i INT. TRAIN - HUGH'S COMPARTMENT - MOVING - NIGHT - (TH There's a jolt. The door flies open and Patricia disappea the hallway, still holding the purse. The whole room seems to be tipping onto Connie .. Then, she hears the sound, the LOUD SCREECH OF RIPPING ME whole compartment seems to upend, to shift on a crazy axi what had been the wall before her becomes the ceiling ove The floor rises up before her. The door is gone - hopeles of reach ... The emergency lights flash off and on, flick Connie's fearful eyes. As she is propelled backwards, her flutter closed and we fade out ...
57) 0) text: Connie hurries down the hall, baby bundled in her amms, s carry one of Patricia's fancy suitcases and a baby bag. P taller woman, so her clothes are just a little baggy on C rolled up the sleeves and made do. She makes it around corner just as A HEAVY HAND FALLS ON turns to see a middle-aged Hispanic gentleman in a dark s
92) 0) text: Steve lies on his back on the floor, He puts a pen light mouth and disconnects the radio. Something catches his ey oo floor. HIS POV - It's a copy of People Magazine opened to the St page, which features a photograph of the christening of t the Winterbourne wealth. Standing there, holding the baby Connie, The caption reads: “Patricia Winterbourne, widow Winterbourne, holds young Hugh Junior as they leave St. P BACK TO SCENE - Steve stares at the photo.
102) 0) text: Connie sits at a table by the window, scribbling on a pie Paper. The baby is in his carrier, next to her. MOVING IN, we see that Connie is practicing her signature ‘Patricia Winterbourne,’ ‘Patricia Winterbourne,‘ ‘Patric Winterbourne’ over and over again.