8) 0) text: Connie sits in a booth, counting out change from a beaded Across the aisle is STEVE - a smooth guy in sharp clothes thirty. He winks at her. She looks away.
8) 4) dialog: Good cards don't do that. Too ~ showy. I'm a agent.
8) 6) dialog: I'm not at liberty to say. Professional ethics. How old are you? 12 13 14 15 WHITE - May 5, 1995 page 4.
8) 8) dialog: (impressed) You shittin’ me? You seem so mature. Connie smiles, flattered. Steve smiles back. STEVE (cont'd) We oughta celebrate. INT. STEVE'S APARTMENT - LIVING AREA - pat pane 12 CLOSE ON A TWINKIE with a lit wooden match in it - a brea it out.
9) 0) text: Seedy, with thrift store furniture. Connie hands out Pabs Ribbons to Steve and a bunch of scuzzy friends who are ga around a pile of stolen car radios, taking i ventory. ch XY
10) 0) text: Steve snores on top of Connie, his leaden hody stifles he
12) 0) text: Another gathering of Steve's scuzzy friends, sitting arou coffee table, full of more stolen goods. Steve is staring hopped up and angry - she's a terrified little girl.
12) 1) dialog: I suppose you're gonna tell me it's mine! ? ween) CONNIE 4. O'course it is, who else
12) 2) dialog: Don't gimme that shit. He turns to one of his pals, who hasn't been listening. STEVE (cont'd) You screwed Connie, didn't you? The pal looks up, scared.
12) 4) dialog: I said, ‘Did you screw Connie?'!
12) 6) dialog: Slut. But she moves into him.
12) 8) dialog: (coldly) Get rid of it.
23) 1) dialog: Yeah? COs CONNIE / vr It's Connie, I'm about to have your baby out here in the street./ Wanna come watch? aor ads There is a beat of silence, then a woman's voice speaks. : Ss WOMAN (0.S.) old aa Steve's out at the moment. The connection breaks. Connie presses the buzzer again. N response. Again, holding it. Nothing. She pounds it with
24) 5) dialog: (a threat) I'm warning you, Connie, you don't want me to come down there!
24) 7) dialog: ‘Cause I'm telling you, I'll come down there!
24) 9) dialog: I'm not coming down there!
24) 11) dialog: Here. The quarter flips through the air and lands Connie's feet. STEVE (cont'd) Page 9, in a puddle at Listen bitch, you wanted to have a baby? Fine. Have it in the street. He slams the window Shut. Connie stands in the rain, look the window.
54) 0) text: Steve is talking with a policeman. The cop is displaying card - the one we saw Steve give to Comnie. Under his arm holds Connie's beaded purse.
54) 2) dialog: Connie Doyle, huh? ... Sorry, never heard of her.
54) 4) dialog: Shit, I give those to every chick I meet. You oughta try it.
54) 6) dialog: Connie's dead.
54) 8) dialog: That night in the rain. The bitch hollerin' at the window. They watch TV for a beat.
54) 10) dialog: Uh-huh ... She was gonna have my baby. Another pause. STEVE (cont'd) Makes you think, doesn't it? (eyes on the TV) Man, that Bobcat Goldthwaite's funny! They sit watching the show.
91) 0) text: A late model Cadillac is parked on this secluded street. nonchalantly walks by. He looks around. He pulls from his long unlocking tool and deftly breaks into the car. The a off. It's New York City - nobody Pays attention. Steve qu gets into the car. . tees ee tt tte
92) 0) text: Steve lies on his back on the floor, He puts a pen light mouth and disconnects the radio. Something catches his ey oo floor. HIS POV - It's a copy of People Magazine opened to the St page, which features a photograph of the christening of t the Winterbourne wealth. Standing there, holding the baby Connie, The caption reads: “Patricia Winterbourne, widow Winterbourne, holds young Hugh Junior as they leave St. P BACK TO SCENE - Steve stares at the photo.
92) 1) dialog: Holy shit!
120) 4) dialog: You're a lucky man, Bill. Bill is trying to place him.
120) 7) dialog: You haven't? I have. Steve DeCunzo. {te Bill) You remember. New York? Glad to see your mother's doing so well.
120) 9) dialog: (grinning) You'll have to catch us first. 144 WHITE - May 5, 1995 Page 92. He sweeps her out onto the dance floor, whirling her abou surprisingly good dancer. Connie hisses in his ear.
120) 11) dialog: (pleasantly) So we have met before? He dances her further away from Bill. ON BILL as he watches them dance off, looking a little pu ON GRACE AND PACO on another part of the dance floor. The are watching Connie and this stranger ... a look of conce Paco's face, one of suspicion on Grace's.
121) 0) text: Steve dances Connie toward where the boats are moored. Th a few people around. She pulls away from him.
121) 2) dialog: (speaking up) What's wrong, Connie. Is something bothering you, Connie? Huh, Connie? People start to look at them. She yanks him further from Loti
121) 4) dialog: Why do I have to want something? You always thought the worst of me, didn't you? Maybe that's why you always brought it out.
121) 6) dialog: I thought you were dead. I thought my only child was dead. That does something to a man, Connie. I cried, I really did. I cried for you and for the kid and for how I'm pissing (MORE)
121) 7) text: REVISED - YELLOW - May 29, 1995 STEVE (cont'd) my life away. I started making some real changes, you'd be proud. Then a few weeks later I'm stealing this car radio and I run across a People magazine and there's this picture of the Winterbourne family, and wouldn't you know it, their new daughter-in- law looks just like this tramp from Jersey I used to know. I had to see if it was true.
121) 9) dialog: Well, just ‘cause you didn't write, I didn't see any reason for me to be insensitive.
121) 11) dialog: You're so nervous! I just want to congratulate you on this great life you've, whaddya call it? .../appropriated' for yourself. (over her objection) Hey, why not? The dead chick wasn't gonna use it anymore. And, by the way, marrying the guy's brother? That is pure genius. I didn't know you had it in you. Good job.
121) 13) dialog: (shaking her hand) Absolutely. STEVE (cont'd) Well, there is one thing He comes back to her. STEVE (cont ‘d) My son. What role do I, the boy's father, have in all this? then turns back around. page 93. WHITE - May 5, 1995 page 94. Connie lashes out. :
121) 15) dialog: If you're uncomfortable, I'd be just as happy to discuss this with your mother-in-law. How do you think her heart would take my news?
121) 17) dialog: Come by my place tomorrow. And bring my boy. What'd you name him, ‘Hugh,' after the dead rich guy?
121) 19) dialog: You got no class, you know that? That's why I dumped you. They can dress you up, but -
121) 21) dialog: Be there tomorrow. Or I'll mess up your life so bad, you'll never see that kid again. He steps away from her - her hair is now falling in her f laughs at her. \fo0 STEVE (cont'd) That's a good look for you. He walks off WHITE - May’ 5, 1995 Page 95.
123) 0) text: Four dingy walls and an old bed. Steve is trying to set up an old, stained playpen - he's in it, kicking at the bottom, trying to flatten it out. H out of it and tosses in some toys - a chewed up teddy bea couple of Leggos. He looks up to see Connie in the window, looking in. He c the door to let her in ... She enters, pushing the stroll looking very out of place in her expensive coat. Steve doesn't spare her a glance - he goes straight to th lifting him out of the stroller. :
123) 1) dialog: There's the guy! Big boy! Look at that, that's my chin, that's my goddam chin! Connie walks in carefully, keeping her back to the wall a circles him.
123) 3) dialog: Hey, Pal, look what I got for you here. He plops the kid down in the middle of playpen and stands the baby starts howling. STEVE (cont'd) What's with him?
123) 5) dialog: You know, this is a very emotional moment for me. Do you know how much it means to a man to know that his name is gonna be passed on? That's an awful lot you're asking me to give up. And for what? Have you offered me anything in return, even a kind word? No. You just look at me like I'm going to contaminate your precious baby ~- like you'd even have the little bastard if it wasn't for me. He sits in the playpen, giving the kid a Leggo to chew on
123) 7) dialog: Huh? Oh, sure. Connie steps into the playpen and takes the Leggo away fr Hugh starts bawling again. She roots through her purse fo something else to give him.
123) 9) dialog: I tell you what I ought to do. I ought to tell the Winterbournes all about this nasty little con you're pulling on ‘em. I mean, it's not right to let the kid grow up livin' a lie. I should let everybody know who he really is ... and sue for custody. WHITE - May 5, 1995 page 97. Connie looks back at him. STEVE (cont'd) And don't think I wouldn't get it. Birth fathers are winning cases like this every day. And look at the character of the mother. He starts tickling the baby. STEVE (cont'd) A slut con artist, exploiting a grieving family to get their fortune. {to the baby) ~ Mommy would never see you again. The baby giggles. Steve leans back against the Playpen. STEVE (cont'd) But the problem with that is, I still get nothing and I wind up stuck with a baby, and who needs that? Connie stands up and takes a check out of her purse.
123) 11) dialog: (picking a number out of the air) 50,000. She hesitates ... then crosses to the bureau and fills in amount and hands him the check. STEVE (cont'd) ‘Patricia Winterbourne.’ Very nice. He steps out of the crib and gets an envelope from the be puts the check in and seals it. He slips the envelope in STEVE (cont'd) Thanks, but that's nowhere near enough. I have a better idea. (off her reaction) No, you'll like it. It's an idea where everybody gets what they want. And how many ideas like that do you ever come up with? You want to hear it?
123) 13) dialog: (harder) Do you want to hear it? #™ connie walks back and forth, not looking at him.
123) 15) dialog: (pleased) You take the kid out for a walk somewheres. I‘1l show up and kidnap him. Connie stops and looks him dead in the face. STEVE (cont'd) Don't worry, I'll give you a good smack so it looks like you struggled. They'11 cough up at least a million for him, right? I take that, drop off the baby and that way I get a fair return for sacrificing my paternal rights.
123) 17) dialog: Then I'll tell them it was your idea.
123) 19) dialog: Why else would you pay me 50,000 dollars? With a forged check, by the way. Connie begins pacing the room, looking for a way out,
123) 21) dialog: They're not gonna miss a pissant million!
123) 23) dialog: I'll find you. And I'll take the kid.
123) 25) dialog: (very calmly) But he's mine. He sits down next to the crib and picks up the teddy bear CONNIE a This'll kill Grace. Whatever happens, it'll kill her. Playing peek-a-boo with the bear over the side of the cri
123) 26) dialog: She's gotta die sometime. The baby laughs. Connie steps in and picks him up. STEVE (cont'd) . (hurt) Hey, I had him laughing.
123) 28) dialog: What do you say? You and the kid gonna be taking a walk in the Commons around one tomorrow?
123) 30) dialog: So? Connie stares right back at him.
126) 0) text: Connie walks up to Steve’s motel. Someone is walking towa She nods to the stranger as she passes - she can't make h the night, but she's a very pregnant blonde.
127) 0) text: +++ as the door opens and Connie peers in. One dim light bed is on. Steve is sitting up in bed in a t-shirt, watch Tony Robbins infomercial. Connie steps in.