37) 0) text: BLACKET, the Prime Minister is reading PREDICTION and laying out his TARO cards.
37) 1) dialog: Hello, Michael, nice of you to come.
37) 5) dialog: I don't see why that should be an impediment; we're not bound by dogma, Think it over ... the offer's there ... now then my spies tell me ... not literally of course (switches on concealed tape recorder) that your firm has been investigating the reasons for the slight decline in the popularity of my Government.
37) 9) dialog: But your polls have always shown me as more popular than the Government as a whole.
37) 11) dialog: Well I try to give the impression that we work as a team.
37) 13) dialog: True ... so you think a little more exposure on the silvery tube...
38) 0) text: BLACKET is talking on T.V. RIMMER and PAT are watching.
38) 1) dialog: A lot has happened since 10 o'clock this morning, so I thought it was about time we had another of our little fireside chats.
42) 0) text: BLACKET's Humber drives up and he gets out. The doorman opens the door for him,
42) 5) dialog: Oh, no, no, very amusing ... because I'm here so often you mean? Ha, ha, ha. (to himself as he goes through door) Bloody Capricorns. Have a word with Charlie about him. A little regional unemployment I think. Ha, ha, ha.
52) 1) dialog: Deirdre, would you say my career line comes to ab abrupt halt? No need to put much on my face I've got most of it left from this afternoon. Just a few drops in the eyes, get that lovable twinkle going ha, ha, ha and could you make the mouth a bit more generous please. INT. RIMMERS WORKOUT ROOM, PAT ON ROWING MACHINE. NISS°DRINKING. DAY.
52) 19) dialog: C.8, AUTOCUE "Warm smile". He smiles. Good evening. When you vote next week I'd like you to remember .,. C.S. AUTOCUE "Compassionate sincerity". That basically.you know friends, this election is not about money aud material things; it's about morality. The labour Party is nothing if it is not a moral crusade. C.S, AUTOCUE "Wry smile", It's hardly necessary to rewind you what we stand for. The Labour Party stands for ... well it stands for .. We see that the AUTOCUE has stuck. as we all know the Labour Party stands for ... as I don't think I need remind you ...for ... it stands for ... I'm not standing for any more of this ...
52) 20) text: 84 85 CONTD. 68. BLACKET (Cont'd. ) . stop the cameras ... get the bloody man off the autocue.
52) 22) dialog: I know he's alive ... but I'm the Prime Minister not Sooty. Pull your finger out.
52) 24) dialog: What! Oooh! Ha, ha, ha. Oh dung ! BLACKET stops walking the belt continues and flings him through back projection screen,
54) 0) text: NISS and PAT are playing scrabble and watching T.V. The BLACKET disaster is repeatedly re-run. NISS switches sound down.
80) 0) text: HENCH with WILTING, BLACKET and BISHOP OF COWLEY. They are chatting and drinking and giggling.
80) 2) dialog: Talk about - floating pound ...
80) 11) dialog: We've had our differences.
80) 13) dialog: In the rough and tumble of Parliamentary debate one often says things that are easily misinterpreted. But there was always a great warmth between us. One hates to make party points but ...