1) 16) dialog: Yes ... who are you?
4) 0) text: We see RIMMER in longshot in earnest, efficient conversation with FROMAGE and WARING in corridor. As they leave we hear the strains of tango music. RIMMER goes down corridor and stops at PUMER's door. From inside the office comes the strain of Victor Sylvester Music, RIMMER listens fur a moment and then opeus the door quietly.
5) 0) text: Inside is PUMER wearing tails, carnation, learning the steps of the TANGO. On the floor he has chalked out foot positions and as RIMMER watches he starts a series of steps. These involve him in a turn during which he sights RIMMER, double take, turns again, double take, turns again.
5) 1) dialog: (pointing to marks on the floor) Tango. My wife and I have been selected for the South East. I practise in the coffee break, I don't have coffee.
5) 3) dialog: Well, just the one 'e’ ... well, coffee break over. PUMER replaces tails on coat hanger. 13 14
9) 0) text: FERRET is kneeling at coca cola machine, cleaning lipstick off with coke and flannel. PUMER, FEDERMANN leave and TANYA walks out of office and down the stairs.
11) 2) dialog: Good morning.
19) 4) dialog: I thought that one was a cough mixture.
20) 0) text: Group of Fieldworkers, including PUMER, CRODDER, FEDERMAN listening to RIMMER,
20) 5) dialog: I'm afraid the sex survey rather took it out of him. The right picture of the 1.0.P. interviewer is flashed on to screen.
21) 4) dialog: . Group one, this way! Walk naturally, He demonstrates badly, Leading the group he runs towards the interviewer, Suddenly they slow and move aimlessly as interviewer half turns to them. ‘Two break from the crowd and go to a shop. One stands before a car Proprietorially, Three of them start a conversation next to the interviewer. The others stare fixedly in @ shop window. One looks fer a non existent dog. One ties his shoelace interminably. One takes his cap off and begs. PUMER himself, nonchalant and looking round Motivelessly, walks towards interviewer and into bus stop stand,
21) 5) dialog: Ah wa. INT. Eh ah!
21) 6) dialog: I...I...walked into this blessed bus stop. INT. Oh. Interviewer smiles and turns to Consult board,
21) 7) dialog: Eh, yes, I walked into this bus stop. : INT. Are you alright?
21) 8) dialog: Oh yes! Fit as a fiddle. Like to keep myself fir, Plenty of exercises, One would say that was my religion. PUMER makes meaningful leok at the word ‘religion’, 34. CONTD, 2. INT. Really, INTERVIEWER continues ignoring PUMER,
21) 9) dialog: I, I, I really wanted to ask you waht the time was. INT. Oh, it's almost quarter past nine.
21) 10) dialog: Oh, thank you. I was saying to my wife while we were praying this morning Oh, PUMER INTERVIEWER has moved away from him and gone to man standing by car, INT. Excuse me sir, we are doing surveys of people's religious attitudes and habits and would very much value your opinions.
21) 20) dialog: Would you mind telling me the time again? INT. Oh, not at all, 9,16.
21) 21) dialog: Ohi Because I was going to meet my religious brother ...
86) 0) text: PUMER is conducting a communal Vote in. The AUDIENCE is mainly women, Posters on wall. 'Think before you vote', "You're in charge', Band is playing. Audio controlled Talkback type Swingometer on Podium. PUMER dances onto PODIUM and speaks into microphone. Music stops.
86) 1) dialog: Thank you maestro ... all having a good time at the Votein.
86) 6) dialog: Right ... a little bit of fun on the continent ... foreign affairs. ALL (cheer)
86) 7) dialog: Seriously theugh Ladies and Gentlemen ... tonight's star vote ... the Common Market negotiating table ... now think very carefully, remember its your vote, and your vote counts. The Common Market negotiating table ... let's hear it for Scandinavian Pine. There is subdued clapping. Swingometer registers 3%,
86) 8) dialog: That's three per cent for the pine ... and now let's hear it for geod old British oak. Huge cheers and clapping. Swingometer reads about 70.
86) 9) dialog: That's 70 for British oak and now last of all ... how about Formica, The audience gasp ... a moment's pause and then pandemoni of enthusiasm.