51) 4) dialog: --well I just don't see any excuse for it! I called my order in day before yesterday! They said it would be ready!
51) 6) dialog: I've got a business to run! If you think I'm going to stay here tonight just because somebody shuffled the wrong papers then you got another think coming, sister!
51) 8) dialog: Well try to do it just a little bit faster, all right? The secretary turns to Ellie and Challis. A rosy smile pops onto her face. Marge scowls and lights up a cigarette, puffing at it furiously.
51) 17) dialog: {to Ellie) Good luck. Their masks may be fabulous, but they're not too swift up here. (tapping her temple) I'm going to have to stay here tonight, I just know it. In that cruddy motel. It's the only place within fifty miles. The secretary returns with a yellow form.
51) 43) dialog: Tell him I'm here too, lady! Tell him I'd like some service! The secretary moves off.
51) 53) text: (moved) ' Thank you! Thank you sir! , Again, the applause. Ellie and Challis exchange glances. It's a little bit strange. Cochran ; suddenly fastens his gaze on them, and on Marge.
54) 0) text: Challis and Buddy come around a corner into a spacious receiving room. They stop and look. PAN AROUND. The beaming office workers have gathered here along with Cochran Marge and the others. A large cake and a punch bowl sit waiting. Decorations hang from the ceili Cochran holds a large ceremonial plaque out to Buddy.
57) 18) dialog: What a’ character. Did you know he's supposedly one of the richest men in the country? And he got there selling cheap gags and halloween masks...there's hope for me. I also heard that he lives here. Right in the factory.
57) 23) dialog: Huh?
60) 1) dialog: (off-screen) Mrs. Smith? Mrs. Smith! Ellie remembers her alias and spins around. Marge is standing in the doorway of another room. Ellie comes over.
60) 2) dialog: (continuing) I just had to talk to somebody. May I show you something? She leads Ellie inside. INT. MARGE’S ROOM - NIGHT 128 Like the other motel room, only a different color. Marge. holds up a. disfigured witch-mask.
60) 3) dialog: I sat this on the radiator. Dumb thing to do. It ruined the mask-- but then this little logo thing, the Silver Shamrock trademark, you know, it came off in my hand. And there's something very strange about it... She holds it under the desk-light, the only light source in the room.
60) 9) dialog: (continuing) Know anything about electronics?
60) 11) dialog: Well, all I know is, this thing is incredibly complex and sophisticated. What I don't know is, what does it ‘do? What is it for! And why is there one on each and every Halloween mask? (gesturing at a pile of masks on the bed) I don't get it... Ellie fights off a wave of dread and fear.
60) 13) dialog: Great. And see if you can round up some batteries. These are too weak. She holds up her transister radio. She has pulled the batteries out of it and stacked them on the desk. ./ ELLIE ee! & Batteries?
60) 14) dialog: Hell, I don't know what I'm doing. Thought maybe I could get it to lay, or light up, or whatever it's supposed to do--
60) 19) dialog: Oh, believe me, it's probably some stupid mixup. I told you before, at the lower levels of that organization, they're just out to lunch.
61) 10) text: . Marge bites her lip in fierce concentration. Hair- pins, battery terminals; the trade-seal slips from her fingers.
61) 11) dialog: Damn! She tries again, blinking fiercely to clear her vision.
61) 13) dialog: A small, brilliant light emanates from the trade- seal. Suddenly a blinding streak sears from the seal o directly into Marge's forehead!!!
62) 0) text: Marge's door is slightly ajar. There is a strange sound coming from within, a faraway, barely-human wail... Our two come across the parking lot on the run, Ellie in the lead. She pauses at the door.
63) 0) text: Sitting in the chair by the desk is a living horror that was formerly Marge. The desk lamp lies on the floor, overturned in the first convulsions.
64) 0) text: Challis races out of Marge's room. CAMERA PANAGLIDES WITH HIM along the darkened motel rooms. He stops at Buddy's door. Knocks.
66) 0) text: Ellie stands near Marge. Staring at her. The fierce hissing wail has died away, as if Marge's condition has gone into a secondary phase. Her body is still racked with a steady shuddering but it is less violent. Faint, formless croaks come from her
66) 2) dialog: Something moves at Marge's mouth. Two small, arachnid-like legs push their way out through Marge’s lips. 145 146 147 148 149 150 59.
66) 4) dialog: A_small, glistening spider crawls out of Marg mouth!
68) 0) text: Rafferty peers in at.Marge. And reacts, but not quite as sharply as we might expect.
71) 0) text: Challis steps out of the office. Walks quickly down toward Marge's room. (CONTINUED)
73) 0) text: Challis moves from his room down to Marge's room. Several Technicians carry Marge out of her room on a stretcher. They move her quickly into a dark van. The van pulls away from the motel just as the long Cadillac silently pulls in. Cochran gets out. One of the Graysuits comes over.