8) 0) text: See the hospital from some distance away: A couple of stories, modern, stark. A few cars scattered in the gaping parking lot. Challis' car pulls into a special area near the building. He gets out and heads inside. As we PAN with him, we catch a reflection in a nearby car. The tall thin man is watching.
13) 0) text: Same angle. POLICE hover about the charred car while TWO MEN IN WHITE COATS pick through the wreckage. A FIRE TRUCK sits nearby.
14) 0) text: Challis stands at a window, bleary-eyed, still in shock. TWO ATTENDANTS lift Grimbridge's covered body onto a collapsible stretcher. The® SHERIFF;. the CORONER™and.another police OFFICER - talk quietly in the corner. The attendants wheel the stretcher to the door. They are met there by ELLIE GRIMBRIDGE, a pretty woman in her '20's. She is dressed in a suit, obviously prepared to. face the tragedy.
51) 0) text: Our two go down a short hallway and into a neutral office area. On the far wall is a large Silver Shamrock logo. Above it hangs a photo-portrait of a silver-haired, fatherly-looking gentleman (COCHRAN). A broad counter divides the receiving area from the office area, where a handful of OFFICE WORKERS go about their business. (CONTINUED)
51) 31) dialog: (scanning the sheet) Sure did. Last week. Man in an old green station wagon.
51) 33) dialog: No.ma'am. He headed out to the north, though...I remember that.
54) 0) text: Challis and Buddy come around a corner into a spacious receiving room. They stop and look. PAN AROUND. The beaming office workers have gathered here along with Cochran Marge and the others. A large cake and a punch bowl sit waiting. Decorations hang from the ceili Cochran holds a large ceremonial plaque out to Buddy.
63) 1) text: Her eyeballs are the color of blood, the pupils gone. Her mouth is wide open, distended. forward and torn’ ragged by the blasting exhalation that has actually napped off eth -and.-rendered lips. into.stréaming oo ae laments: And: from this “opening. comes ‘the steady, : subhuman shriek...
63) 4) text: Tiny rivulets of blood seep from her pores; she is still wearing her glasses. The frame has melted from intense heat. They droop on what is left of her nose. There is no intake of breath, just the dreadful exhaust-roar of her tattered voice. On and on and on... (CONTINUED)
86) 0) text: The factory looms in the b.g. IN CLOSE F.G. is another remote TV camera. It pans slowly around, searching the night with its blank, infra-red eye. WE “BOOM ‘DOWN'"TO REVEAL CHALLIS hiding directly underneath the TV camera, out of sight of the lens. As the TV camera pans away from him, Challis runs quickly into the shadows of the factory wall. The infra-red eye has not seen him.
139) 0) text: He slides in. Puts the car in reverse. Tries to back it off the tree. But the car only GRINDS and rocks back and forth. Challis starts to slide back out. When Ellie's severed arm leaps up from the floor!
142) 0) text: It is minutes later. Challis is telephoning and keeping his eyes on the small, battered TV set. It is showing the last commercial. The sound is off.