43) 1) dialog: Ho, mister! Didn't mean to scare you. I just saw that bottle of your'n and thought it looked pretty heavy. Challis picks up the bottle and says nothing.
43) 2) dialog: (continuing) I. ain't got no diseases, and I wager I keep myself as clean as you do. How about a drink? Challis hands over the bottle. Starker leans into it, taking a good long pull. His face catches the light. It is an old face somehow, even though the man couldn't be more than forty. STARKER wears a brimmed hat and a ragged sports jacket. He is the local bum. (CONTINUED)
43) 7) dialog: (continuing) Mmmm! God damn. Thank you. He hands the bottle back. Starts to move on.
43) 9) dialog: (snorting) Huh! Do I know anything? (dripping sarcasm) Why he made Santa Mira what it is today...a dried-up little pile of nothing! Used to be a pretty nice spot. Good people. Not any more. He bought 'em all. Every one of ‘em. Except me. I didn't have anything to sell. (a pause) I tried to get a job in his place. Let me tell you something. He brought in every damn one of them factory people from the outside. You think he'd hire me? Local boy? No way. Turned me down flat. So I make my money the hard way. You don't have a dollar you could spare, do you?
43) 11) dialog: (continuing; another slug) Mmm!. God..damn... Thank you. ~ . . (handing the™bottlé back)” All I can tell you mister, is watch out. Seen the TV cameras yet? He's watching you, friend, I guarantee you that. (suddenly shouting)
43) 17) dialog: It's all right. Don't matter to me. He's probably listening. And if he is, I got one thing to say: This is the last Halloween for that lousy factory of his. They're pulling some wild shit in there, I've heard rumors... (wandering away) +-.this year I'm gon' get me about a case and a half of molotov cock- tails, mister...burn that sumbitch right down...last Halloween for them... Challis watches the man wander off down the alley. He moves off the other way.
45) 0) text: Starker comes along, whistling. The trestle is thirty feet high. Its dark timbers cut zig-zag patterns. in the-night. sky.
45) 1) text: Through the timbers, on Starker walking, whistling.
45) 2) text: Starker stumbles, walks on.
45) 4) text: Starker approaches CAMERA. Suddenly a harsh bright light bathes his face!
45) 5) dialog: Huh?
45) 8) dialog: (suddenly sober) Hey fellas, I was just kidding! You know that, don't you? Kidding!
45) 9) dialog: WHAM! He is forced suddenly to his knees .by the man in back. The man in front drops the flashlight into the weeds. These men, seen dimly, are wearing neat gray suits. Like the other assassin.