11) 14) text: As Mick closes again, Haven stops quickly to one side,  clipping him behind the ear as he goes by. But this time  Mick keeps after Haven and finally connects. It is more o push than a clean hit, but even so the force of it drives Haven off balance and he sprawls on his back. As Mick, se victory, charges, Haven knows he can't get to his feet in time, so he turns his body and springs at Mick's knees  shoulder first. The impact spills Mick on his face; befor he can recover, Haven dives on him, hands flat on his own chest and palms turned out. His body crashes heavily, ang across Mick's head, and Haven's savagely pushing hands ma the other man's face into the hard ground. Then he rolls  clear and comes to his feet, breathing easily, waiting. M gets up, shaking his head to clear it, mad and hurt. As h closes ponderously in on Haven, his booted foot suddenly  shoots out. Haven twists his knee cap away but takes the  blow on the inside of his thigh, numbing the leg so that almost goes down. And now Mick gets to him. His great arm close around Haven's waist, his hands locked in the small Haven's back. Haven braces himself against the crushing  squeeze, tensing his back muscles and stiffening his spin but there is nothing he can do against the implacable bru power of the other man. The sweat stands out on Haven's face as Mick's great stre bends him over farther and farther. He must do something, and soon, or his back will be cracked like a barrel stave Suddenly he bends his knees and lifts his feet up from of the ground. Mick, suddenly finding Haven's full weight pu him forward, crashes down on top of him. With all the str left in him, Haven brings his knee to the pit of Mick's  stomach; as Mick's hold breaks, Haven rolls clear. Now they are both hurt. Haven's ribs and chest are so bru that it is agony to take a breath. He knows it has to end quickly or he is done for, and he goes all out. As Mick t to close with him again, he stands his ground and throws  pile-driver punches to Mick's midsection; as Mick finally lowers his arms to cover his body, Haven shifts his attac to the face. This is not Mick's style of fighting, but as lashes back clumsily and angrily, each time he touches Ha it is with punishing power. Toe to toe, they slug it out, the belt now unwound and dangling from Mick's fist, both groggy but both refusing to go down. Finally Mick is help to protect himself, but Haven hasn't got power left to kn him off those sturdy legs. Gathering himself, Haven hurls his body shoulder first at Mick's chest but he miscalcula glances off and falls flat on his face. As he rolls over, dogged and slow with exhaustion, he sees that his weight staggered Mick; the big man has taken a step back, and no he starts to walk forward. Dazed and blind with pain, he  passes Haven, staggers forward until the tie-rail stops h There he stands, his hands on the rail, moving his head f side to side like a wounded animal. The crowd is silent now, waiting. Haven gets to his feet, drunk with weariness. He puts a hand on Mick's shoulder, hasn't the strength to whirl him around. He braces himsel with one hand against the tie-rail, and almost in slow mo pulls Mick around and clips him one last time with his  remaining strength. Mick goes down.
32) 0) text: The road is steeper now, and winding. ANOTHER ANGLE. The road is cut out of the side of the  mountain, leaving a sheer slope on one side, and high, th trees and brush on the other. As the stage follows a bend the road, a rider leaps out and grabs the lead horse. The stage lurches crazily and almost overturns as it slows to stop. Before Haven can free his hands from the reins to g for his gun, two shadowy figures, handkerchiefs helping t darkness mask their faces, have jumped out onto the road  ahead and have him covered.
40) 0) text: As two men who have snagged the horses now take off the g bags. In front of the office Pete, the camp boss, Ben and Sam, two tough-looking accomplices, stand watching and  glancing up the road down which the horses came. There is frown on Pete's face.
40) 1) dialog: Where's Joe? (as Pete doesn't answer) Something's gone wrong, Pete.
44) 0) text: As the two horsemen ride up to Pete and dismount. Ben and Sam are standing there.
44) 2) dialog: No sign of Joe. But there's the tracks  of another horse, circling the mill  and coming back on the road just  north. (he points)
44) 32) text: They start unloading and Haven goes to the cook house. Pe watches him go. Ben notes it.
44) 33) dialog: What do you think?
44) 35) dialog: He don't look right to me.
44) 37) text: He lends a hand with Ben and Sam.
45) 26) text: Ben's head appears in the doorway.
45) 27) dialog: Hurry it up, driver!
46) 0) text: Pete, Sam and Ben are waiting beside the gear box as we s Haven bringing the wagon up.
46) 1) dialog: Maybe this isn't such a good idea.
46) 16) text: Haven flicks the reins, grins at them and drives off. Ben still worried and stares after the departing wagon.
51) 0) text: Mick is standing outside, holding the arm of Jerry as he  talks to the kid. Beside him stands Pete Yore's man, Ben.
70) 7) text: She has turned to the safe; now she turns with them and a Mark reaches for them, Charlie drops them at his feet. Th scatter. He bends to pick them up. Prince smiles at him  contemptuously. Mark is picking them up one at a time whe suddenly he pauses, stands erect, and looks at them with  fear and suspicion.
73) 7) text: Haven suddenly drops to his knees. The sheriff almost wal over him. The sheriff stumbles with an oath. Haven grappl with him. Haven snatches his gun, drags him by a headlock the horse, flings him aside and then mounts. A second lat he is away. Shots RING OUT as Mick and Prince and the gun shoot. Haven rides on, bent low, out of town. The sheriff hides his bulk in the dust as the bullets fly. ANGLE from Charlie's office -- as she goes to the window, stares out at the flying form of Haven. A slow smile come over her face, bitter and grim, yet somehow faintly  admiring... She sees Mick mount a horse and start after H Then she turns abruptly away.
81) 0) text: As Haven watches the flaming building. The slowly approac figures of the men are illumined in the big light of the  fire. Haven smiles, turns to the horse and moves slowly  through the trees to a place where he can mount; then mou and rides for it, SHOTS following him as he breaks into t clear some hundred yards away and heads for the road that Mick Marion took back to town. Bent low, Haven rides for life -- and makes it...