3) 10) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Haven, as still smiling slightly, he heads towards the bar, searching the faces of the crowd as he g Two miners are squared off for a fight and Haven, going h way, walks between them, very indifferent, not even glanc back at the SOUND of scuffle behind him. AT THE BAR - Haven alone is not watching the fight. All t others have turned to see it; even the barman is busy  watching. But Haven's eyes are resting on the figure of a woman now at the piano, singing. Softly, as if to herself and for her own enjoyment. He is near the end of the bar near the piano, and since no one else listens to her at t moment, she sings, half smiling, directly for him, and th self-consciously, she stops and turns to sit at a table, Haven watches her. Behind them the fight is being stopped and Charlie's eyes follow the huge bouncer, Mick Marion, he drags the offenders out to the door and the street. Al is as usual. The bartender is back at work. As Haven turn he finds that the place beside him is now occupied by the young Lieutenant (Phil Stellman). Haven glances at the  uniform, then at the pleasant face of the officer, as the barman comes up.
3) 29) text: The barman, listening, senses trouble and signals with hi eyes to a big bouncer down the bar. The bouncer moves up  quietly.
3) 35) text: Stellman's jaw tightens; then he turns and exits abruptly The barman sighs with relief; the bouncer turns away.
10) 49) text: That does it. Mick wrenches at the bottle, and as he does so, Haven releases his grip. The bottle shoots up. The wi spills over Mick's face and clothes. Infuriated, Mick fli the bottle at Haven, but Haven ducks as he comes out of t chair. The bottle crashes against the wall, and Haven's f crashes against Mick. The big man grunts and staggers bac but he doesn't drop. As Haven sets himself, he is suddenl pinned from behind by two bouncers. Mick stands still, st at him, his cut lip bleeding.
10) 54) text: The two bouncers start with Haven toward the door, Mick  following. A rear rises and men begin following in their  silent wake. Only the guy at the piano keeps on playing: never stops. ANGLE on Charlie as she rises. Bristow and Prince have  sauntered over to her as the place empties, leaving only piano player.
11) 18) text: The crowd is transfixed. They can't even cheer. The two  bouncers lean over the fallen Mick.
11) 19) dialog: Somebody just did.