3) 10) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Haven, as still smiling slightly, he heads towards the bar, searching the faces of the crowd as he g Two miners are squared off for a fight and Haven, going h way, walks between them, very indifferent, not even glanc back at the SOUND of scuffle behind him. AT THE BAR - Haven alone is not watching the fight. All t others have turned to see it; even the barman is busy  watching. But Haven's eyes are resting on the figure of a woman now at the piano, singing. Softly, as if to herself and for her own enjoyment. He is near the end of the bar near the piano, and since no one else listens to her at t moment, she sings, half smiling, directly for him, and th self-consciously, she stops and turns to sit at a table, Haven watches her. Behind them the fight is being stopped and Charlie's eyes follow the huge bouncer, Mick Marion, he drags the offenders out to the door and the street. Al is as usual. The bartender is back at work. As Haven turn he finds that the place beside him is now occupied by the young Lieutenant (Phil Stellman). Haven glances at the  uniform, then at the pleasant face of the officer, as the barman comes up.
10) 0) text: As Haven enters. It is crowded. Haven pauses by a table. sees Charlie at the piano singing. He sees Mick cross to  Prince and say something, then Prince gazes in his direct Haven's eyes meet those of Prince suddenly turned to him, cold as glass. Charlie, seeing that Haven is watching and listening to her impromptu singing, stops and makes her w through the crowd towards a booth off the dance floor. Ha eyes follow her. MED. SHOT - of booth as Charlie sits down. A sandwich is  waiting for her. She takes a bite of it, then glances up see Haven standing beside the table.
10) 6) text: Charlie glances at him, then at the crowd where Mick Mari stands beside Prince. Both are looking coldly towards the booth. Haven's gaze follows hers towards Mick, as Prince  leaves the big man.
10) 9) text: She smiles slightly back at him, glances away towards Mic Haven looks too, curiously. Mick is still watching, coldl Others glance too, as though this were an unexpected thin Mick takes a drink from a passing waiter; kills it in one gulp. Haven looks back at Charlie's face and smiles.
10) 25) text: The waiter leaves, as Charlie still regards Haven with a  curious interest. Haven is glancing again toward Mick, ju as that animal barrels down another whiskey.
10) 36) text: Blank-faced and big, Mick arrives at the booth. He stares from Charlie to Haven. Haven looks at him then at Charlie Charlie watches Haven's face, but the smile remains. It s to sway her, this little test of expression.
10) 37) dialog: Who's this?
10) 40) text: Mick is not quite sure.
10) 41) dialog: What's keeping him?
10) 43) text: Haven senses now it is a little game they're playing toge on him. His smile remains. He reaches for the bottle, his hand grasping the base of it, just as Mick reaches for it too, clenching the top. Mick lifts at it; Haven's hand ho They look at each other as this little game of strength g on.
10) 44) dialog: You aren't very friendly, are you,  mister?
10) 49) text: That does it. Mick wrenches at the bottle, and as he does so, Haven releases his grip. The bottle shoots up. The wi spills over Mick's face and clothes. Infuriated, Mick fli the bottle at Haven, but Haven ducks as he comes out of t chair. The bottle crashes against the wall, and Haven's f crashes against Mick. The big man grunts and staggers bac but he doesn't drop. As Haven sets himself, he is suddenl pinned from behind by two bouncers. Mick stands still, st at him, his cut lip bleeding.
10) 50) dialog: (icily) You're too little to make that big a  mistake.
10) 53) dialog: (coldly) Bring him outside.
10) 54) text: The two bouncers start with Haven toward the door, Mick  following. A rear rises and men begin following in their  silent wake. Only the guy at the piano keeps on playing: never stops. ANGLE on Charlie as she rises. Bristow and Prince have  sauntered over to her as the place empties, leaving only piano player.
11) 0) text: As Mick and Haven come out; the crowd makes a noisy clear There are bets going down. As soon as the crowd has forme an open space, Haven wheels and smacks Mick across the fa hitting with the heel of the hand, so that Mick rocks bac almost going down. There is dead silence. Mick sets himse for the Kill, as he peels his coat. Bristow is shaking with excitement.
11) 7) text: As they stare at the fight -- FULL SHOT - fight scene. As Mick is slowly advancing towa Haven. He suddenly swings a haymaker which Haven easily d another and another that Haven evades.
11) 9) text: Mick misses again, fiercely and Haven cracks him one in t midriff. Then steps out fast and waits. Mick charges and Haven catches him full in the mouth. It  stops Mick, and then Haven socks him again, this time wit the butt of his hand -- open palm -- on the nose. Mick is surprised, tasting the blood on his hurt lips. ANGLE on Charlie, Mark and Prince, as they watch. Charlie eyes are fixed with a kind of admiration on Haven. Prince watches without interest. Mark is tense and excited.
11) 13) dialog: Stand still and fight.
11) 14) text: As Mick closes again, Haven stops quickly to one side,  clipping him behind the ear as he goes by. But this time  Mick keeps after Haven and finally connects. It is more o push than a clean hit, but even so the force of it drives Haven off balance and he sprawls on his back. As Mick, se victory, charges, Haven knows he can't get to his feet in time, so he turns his body and springs at Mick's knees  shoulder first. The impact spills Mick on his face; befor he can recover, Haven dives on him, hands flat on his own chest and palms turned out. His body crashes heavily, ang across Mick's head, and Haven's savagely pushing hands ma the other man's face into the hard ground. Then he rolls  clear and comes to his feet, breathing easily, waiting. M gets up, shaking his head to clear it, mad and hurt. As h closes ponderously in on Haven, his booted foot suddenly  shoots out. Haven twists his knee cap away but takes the  blow on the inside of his thigh, numbing the leg so that almost goes down. And now Mick gets to him. His great arm close around Haven's waist, his hands locked in the small Haven's back. Haven braces himself against the crushing  squeeze, tensing his back muscles and stiffening his spin but there is nothing he can do against the implacable bru power of the other man. The sweat stands out on Haven's face as Mick's great stre bends him over farther and farther. He must do something, and soon, or his back will be cracked like a barrel stave Suddenly he bends his knees and lifts his feet up from of the ground. Mick, suddenly finding Haven's full weight pu him forward, crashes down on top of him. With all the str left in him, Haven brings his knee to the pit of Mick's  stomach; as Mick's hold breaks, Haven rolls clear. Now they are both hurt. Haven's ribs and chest are so bru that it is agony to take a breath. He knows it has to end quickly or he is done for, and he goes all out. As Mick t to close with him again, he stands his ground and throws  pile-driver punches to Mick's midsection; as Mick finally lowers his arms to cover his body, Haven shifts his attac to the face. This is not Mick's style of fighting, but as lashes back clumsily and angrily, each time he touches Ha it is with punishing power. Toe to toe, they slug it out, the belt now unwound and dangling from Mick's fist, both groggy but both refusing to go down. Finally Mick is help to protect himself, but Haven hasn't got power left to kn him off those sturdy legs. Gathering himself, Haven hurls his body shoulder first at Mick's chest but he miscalcula glances off and falls flat on his face. As he rolls over, dogged and slow with exhaustion, he sees that his weight staggered Mick; the big man has taken a step back, and no he starts to walk forward. Dazed and blind with pain, he  passes Haven, staggers forward until the tie-rail stops h There he stands, his hands on the rail, moving his head f side to side like a wounded animal. The crowd is silent now, waiting. Haven gets to his feet, drunk with weariness. He puts a hand on Mick's shoulder, hasn't the strength to whirl him around. He braces himsel with one hand against the tie-rail, and almost in slow mo pulls Mick around and clips him one last time with his  remaining strength. Mick goes down.
11) 15) dialog: (getting up very slow) You can't do this.
11) 17) dialog: (in the dirt) Nobody can do this... to me.
11) 18) text: The crowd is transfixed. They can't even cheer. The two  bouncers lean over the fallen Mick.
11) 20) text: They pick up Mick as Haven stupidly watches. Then as Have turns and goes away, swaying and weak, the roar rises. He pushes aside people who try to assist him. They move asid and watch him leave. The crowd goes back in the saloon be the vanquished Mick... ANGLE on Charlie, Bristow and Prince. Prince watches the  beaten Mick go by with a smile of contempt. Charlie's eye are fixed on the vanishing lonely figure of Haven. Mark's eyes are dancing.
32) 11) text: He gives Goddard a none too gentle shove. Goddard moves o up the road in the darkness. A FEW YARDS UP THE ROAD. Mick is waiting by his horse, hi gun drawn. We hear the steps of Goddard and the bandit.
32) 13) text: The footsteps halt. Mick aims and fires. BY WAGON. There is a half grunt, half groan from Goddard. Haven turns as if to protest and then crumples as a gun f him. CLOSE SHOT - Haven, lying face down on the ground,  unconscious.
51) 0) text: Mick is standing outside, holding the arm of Jerry as he  talks to the kid. Beside him stands Pete Yore's man, Ben.
51) 1) dialog: You sure it was Haven you met?
51) 3) dialog: (giving him a shove) Go in and get a beer.
52) 0) text: As Haven finishes his statement. He is again at the windo glancing out. Perhaps he has seen the incident with Mick Jerry across the crowded street.
57) 0) text: The place is roaring. Haven enters, followed by Mark. The guy at the piano is playing as always. Haven and Mark go  slowly to the bar, eyes following them. The noise softens almost to silence, except the piano, Cowering, Mark stick close to Haven. At the dice table, Prince stares coldly, hands another ma the stick and walks away to the stairway, his eyes seekin Mick Marion who is also staring at Haven. Prince nods to  Mick as he goes. MED. SHOT at bar -- as Haven and Mark loan against it. Er is looking at him curiously; then towards Mick. Haven doe follow the glance, but Mark does.
57) 3) text: Ernie gets them. Haven glances at the piano. Mick who had stood there has now vanished. Haven smiles. The drinks ar
58) 0) text: Charlie is behind her desk, as Haven walks in. Behind him sweating now, comes Mark. As the two are in the room the  door behind them slams shut. Mick is there with a gun. Pr moves slightly out of a shadow. Mark backs against a wall Charlie looks up from her fingernails. Haven smiles and  glances around. His eyes fix on Mick and the gun.
58) 2) text: Mick says nothing, his face a blank hatred. Haven sits do in a big chair.
58) 24) dialog: He's running a bluff!
58) 26) text: Mick burns in silence. Charlie smiles.
58) 51) text: She looks coolly at Mick and Mark.
58) 53) text: Mark glances at Haven who nods and Mark leaves in the wak of the grimly departing Mick. Prince lingers.
68) 0) text: As Pete enters. He looks around. Mick is sitting there an Prince. Charlie is standing at the window. By another doo another grim character stands in silence. Charlie turns a Peter enters.
68) 6) text: Pete turns and walks out, shutting the door behind him. T is silence. Charlie looks out the window again. Prince fo with the dice. Mick stands stolidly near the door. At las the silence is broken over the ticking of the wall clock.
68) 9) text: She has not turned from the window. The clock ticks. From behind her Mick's voice comes, quiet and deadly.
68) 10) dialog: And I don't care when, but I'll get  him.
68) 12) text: Mick is silent. Charlie smiles thinly.
70) 4) text: Mick goes to the door, opens it; just as Mark arrives a l breathlessly at the door. Mark enters, a little surprised the door opening for him, glancing back as Mick quietly s it. Charlie looks coldly at the lawyer who is sweating ag Mark stands there, silent a moment, gathering himself  together.
70) 27) text: He backs out, the little gun in his hand. Mick opens the  door. In sudden relief and haste Mark barrels out. They c hear his quick feet on the stairs outside. Prince looks a Charlie.
70) 30) text: Prince gets up and leaves, and Mick, with a grim smile of anticipation follows. Charlie sits slowly down in the cha The music comes up the stairs and through the door.
73) 0) text: As Haven emerges and the Sheriff holds a gun on him. ANGLE on Mick as down the street, with disgust, he lowers his gun. ANGLE on Prince as from a doorway he watches. Stopping wi a shake of his head the intent of a man beside him to sho FULL SHOT -- street -- as Haven surrenders to the sheriff
73) 5) text: Back of them can now be seen the figures of Mick and Prin and the other gunman, following at a little distance. Goi leisurely, now Haven slows his pace so that the sheriff i closer behind him.
73) 7) text: Haven suddenly drops to his knees. The sheriff almost wal over him. The sheriff stumbles with an oath. Haven grappl with him. Haven snatches his gun, drags him by a headlock the horse, flings him aside and then mounts. A second lat he is away. Shots RING OUT as Mick and Prince and the gun shoot. Haven rides on, bent low, out of town. The sheriff hides his bulk in the dust as the bullets fly. ANGLE from Charlie's office -- as she goes to the window, stares out at the flying form of Haven. A slow smile come over her face, bitter and grim, yet somehow faintly  admiring... She sees Mick mount a horse and start after H Then she turns abruptly away.
75) 0) text: As Haven sits on his horse at a point in the woods where can look down on the sawmill. Around the mill office ther seems to be signs of unusual activity. Haven sees Mick Ma going by on the road towards the mill. Mick passes not fa away and is riding hard. Haven watches as Mick arrives an Pete can be seen in conference with him. Other men -- too many -- are gathered around. At last Haven dismounts and  makes his way carefully on foot towards the warehouse.
78) 0) text: As the shot RINGS out. Pete and Mick, surrounded by many  men, turn swiftly. Flame and smoke emerge from the wareho They start swiftly across, drawing guns. The man at the d shoots again into the smoking interior. An answering SHOT from Haven fells him.
80) 0) text: As Haven starts for the woods. The flames now light the g around, and Pete appears around the side of the building. Pete fires and Haven draws and shoots. Pete whirls away, but still on his feet, driving forward, trying to shoot a and this time Haven drills him clean and Pete goes down t stay. Other men come up as Haven makes for the woods,  disappears. Mick Marion and a dozen men appear, shooting. Mick sudden changes his mind, turns past the body of Pete, gets his h and heads back to town full tilt.
81) 0) text: As Haven watches the flaming building. The slowly approac figures of the men are illumined in the big light of the  fire. Haven smiles, turns to the horse and moves slowly  through the trees to a place where he can mount; then mou and rides for it, SHOTS following him as he breaks into t clear some hundred yards away and heads for the road that Mick Marion took back to town. Bent low, Haven rides for life -- and makes it...