3) 4) text: Players glance at the newcomer. Prince appears from nowhe standing behind the stickman, watching. Prince is slender black-haired, handsome and impassive. Haven throws again. Stellman, an Army officer, watches curiously. There is a  little rising murmur as Haven tosses another natural. He  does it without enthusiasm or any lost movement. The bett get down on him. Prince touches the stickman's arm; the m stands aside and Prince takes his place with the stick. P tosses the dice back to Haven. Haven's eyes are fixed on  him. With a little smile, Haven throws the dice to the ne man, picks up his winnings.
3) 6) text: His eyes meet Prince's again and then he turns away, Prin gaze following him curiously, Stellman looks at Prince.
3) 8) dialog: No. Why?
3) 42) text: He turns away from the bar, after flipping a coin on to i while the barman stands there not knowing whether to be a or philosophical. CAMERA FOLLOWS Haven, as he threads his way through the t towards the door. His eyes catch sight of the girl who sa at the piano, Charlie. She is sitting at a table with Pri Prince murmurs to her and she glances at Haven, then look away again. Haven notes it. As he comes near the table, t blonde who spoke to him at the bar, accosts him again.
3) 51) text: Their gazes meet and Prince notes it with narrowing eyes. The gaze holds like a spell, and then Charlie's smile com back, from nowhere.
3) 57) text: She looks at him in a second's silence. Haven turns and  leaves. She watches him go. Prince studies her face, his grim. A croupier comes up and places a paper before her. hardly notices it.
3) 62) text: He turns away. Prince sits still, his eyes on Charlie, hi slim fingers at an habitual trick, that of idly stacking  dice in a little pillar and then picking the pillar aloft holding the lowest dice pinched between the thumb and  forefinger, NOT by the edges, but by the sides. Now he do it as he watches Charlie's face. Her eyes glance again at the disappearing back of Haven. The sense of fascination  seems to have gotten her, too. Then she realizes the pres of Prince and his shrewd gaze. She looks at him coolly.
3) 64) text: Prince flips the dice into his palm and rises...
10) 0) text: As Haven enters. It is crowded. Haven pauses by a table. sees Charlie at the piano singing. He sees Mick cross to  Prince and say something, then Prince gazes in his direct Haven's eyes meet those of Prince suddenly turned to him, cold as glass. Charlie, seeing that Haven is watching and listening to her impromptu singing, stops and makes her w through the crowd towards a booth off the dance floor. Ha eyes follow her. MED. SHOT - of booth as Charlie sits down. A sandwich is  waiting for her. She takes a bite of it, then glances up see Haven standing beside the table.
10) 6) text: Charlie glances at him, then at the crowd where Mick Mari stands beside Prince. Both are looking coldly towards the booth. Haven's gaze follows hers towards Mick, as Prince  leaves the big man.
10) 28) text: At this moment Prince comes into scene and sits at the ta Haven looks at him but Charlie offers no introduction.
10) 32) dialog: (toying with his dice) Why do you care?
10) 42) dialog: I think he's wondering if he couldn't  do more good here.
10) 46) dialog: You ought to learn not to pick 'em  so easy, like you do your cousins.
10) 52) text: There is a dead silence. At the crap table the dice read  seven but no one looks at them, all turning toward the sc A minor rises and the girl on his lap hits the floor. A d steals a drink and no one sees him. (Business with glass) Prince looks on coldly. Mark Bristow, moving up from the  dice table, pauses and stares.
10) 54) text: The two bouncers start with Haven toward the door, Mick  following. A rear rises and men begin following in their  silent wake. Only the guy at the piano keeps on playing: never stops. ANGLE on Charlie as she rises. Bristow and Prince have  sauntered over to her as the place empties, leaving only piano player.
10) 57) dialog: Did you find out what he wants?
10) 59) text: Prince lets go with one of his rare smiles as he looks  admiringly at Charlie. They reach the door. The crowd ope for them a little.
11) 9) text: Mick misses again, fiercely and Haven cracks him one in t midriff. Then steps out fast and waits. Mick charges and Haven catches him full in the mouth. It  stops Mick, and then Haven socks him again, this time wit the butt of his hand -- open palm -- on the nose. Mick is surprised, tasting the blood on his hurt lips. ANGLE on Charlie, Mark and Prince, as they watch. Charlie eyes are fixed with a kind of admiration on Haven. Prince watches without interest. Mark is tense and excited.
11) 20) text: They pick up Mick as Haven stupidly watches. Then as Have turns and goes away, swaying and weak, the roar rises. He pushes aside people who try to assist him. They move asid and watch him leave. The crowd goes back in the saloon be the vanquished Mick... ANGLE on Charlie, Bristow and Prince. Prince watches the  beaten Mick go by with a smile of contempt. Charlie's eye are fixed on the vanishing lonely figure of Haven. Mark's eyes are dancing.
11) 23) text: Bristow follows Prince, wiping his forehead. Charlie rema looking down the now empty street where Haven vanished, a strange soft look in her eyes, a slow smile mounting her  lips.
17) 0) text: This is a big corner room, the windows of which look out  over the main street. The chairs are big and there is a r top desk in the corner, a big leather sofa, and on the wa some framed pictures. At a table Prince sits. He has six  dice stacked on top of each other and he is lifting the  column. Charlie is seated behind the desk smiling. Haven  looks from one to the other.
17) 5) text: She seems to enjoy Haven's momentary confusion. Prince is indifferent.
17) 9) text: Prince gives him a thin smile and rises.
17) 10) dialog: She means either. (he crosses to door) See you later, Charlie.
17) 11) text: Prince saunters out. Haven sits in a big chair, very gingerly; takes out his p and tobacco.
20) 0) text: Charlie is dressed to go somewhere. She looks much nicer these clothes than in her show garments of the night. She listening to Prince who sits in a chair, the inevitable d in his fingers, two this time. There is a silence except rattle of the cubes. Then Prince speaks coldly.
20) 1) dialog: Does this Haven move me out? Is that  the plan?
20) 3) dialog: But I always come up empty.
20) 5) dialog: I keep forgetting that. Pardon me.
20) 7) dialog: I don't like John Haven or anything  about him.
20) 9) dialog: What do you know about him?
20) 11) text: She gets up, goes to the window testily. Prince looks at coldly as she gazes at the street.
20) 12) dialog: A man walks in out of nowhere --
20) 14) dialog: He knew something.
20) 16) dialog: So he can fight. (shrewdly) You like that part, don't you?
20) 19) text: She is silent and Prince gets up and walks out. She does turn. Down in the street she can see Haven riding up in t buggy, and the hard look on her face softens to a smile a Haven climbs out of the buggy. Some people passing stare him, and whisper together. His fame has spread. He walks  inside, smiling a little.
21) 0) text: As Haven enters. There is no play at the tables. Some at bar. The deaf pianist is pounding the keys softly. Prince has just descended the stairs and gone to the dice table, where he leans, his cold eyes fixed on Haven as the latte goes to the foot of the stairs. At this moment Charlie ap and descends the stairs, adjusting her hat. Haven stares her with admiration, as she descends, smiling at him. MED. SHOT - Haven and Charlie, as she reaches the last st
21) 9) text: MED. SHOT of Prince, as he stands at the table, watching  them go.
57) 0) text: The place is roaring. Haven enters, followed by Mark. The guy at the piano is playing as always. Haven and Mark go  slowly to the bar, eyes following them. The noise softens almost to silence, except the piano, Cowering, Mark stick close to Haven. At the dice table, Prince stares coldly, hands another ma the stick and walks away to the stairway, his eyes seekin Mick Marion who is also staring at Haven. Prince nods to  Mick as he goes. MED. SHOT at bar -- as Haven and Mark loan against it. Er is looking at him curiously; then towards Mick. Haven doe follow the glance, but Mark does.
58) 9) dialog: About what?
58) 12) dialog: Shut up!
58) 29) dialog: But it doesn't bother you?
58) 31) dialog: What you want is money.
58) 37) dialog: Not as long as you always have  something on us.
58) 44) dialog: (indicating Mark) What does he get?
58) 46) dialog: Have you lost your mind!
58) 49) dialog: (smiling) You don't realize how important it  is when a piece of machinery breaks  down. It could close the entire  sawmill.
58) 53) text: Mark glances at Haven who nods and Mark leaves in the wak of the grimly departing Mick. Prince lingers.
58) 56) text: Prince gets up grimly, his lips tight, the dice held hard his fingers. He stares at Haven.
58) 57) dialog: You roll nice dice and you bet them  jamb up, but some day you'll slip.  And when you do, I'll be around to  catch you.
59) 21) text: He pats Charlie's shoulder and then walks out with Stellm Charlie watches them go. Prince appears beside her.
59) 22) dialog: Very friendly with everybody -- isn't  he? Wells Fargo detectives, and now  the Army. How far can he go?
59) 24) text: She walks away towards the piano. Prince stands there,  watching Haven go.
63) 0) text: As Haven enters. He is dusty and tired from his long walk The place is moderately busy. MED. SHOT of Haven as he sits tiredly at a table where Ch and Prince are sitting. She smiles at him.
63) 8) dialog: Are we celebrating something?
63) 15) text: Her face changes; hardens. She glances across at Prince.  Haven watches Prince with a smile.
63) 16) dialog: (quietly) No -- just like that?
63) 24) dialog: Did you have one too?
63) 26) text: There is a silence. Prince stares idly at the dice cubes his hand. Charlie stares straight at Haven. Haven glances Prince.
63) 28) text: Prince just stares at him.
63) 31) dialog: (looking at him) No, it isn't.
63) 33) dialog: And one of the last.
63) 35) dialog: Mick might have killed you, but you  fought him with your fists. The  sheriff had a gun but you took it  away from him. Ben had a gun last  night but it didn't seem to scare  you. Now this genteol petticoat waves  a pistol and you run for your life.
63) 37) dialog: Or I make it sound like what it is:  a lie! (he rises)
63) 38) text: Haven reaches in his pocket for a match. Prince, mistakin the gesture, swiftly extracts a small pistol from his bel covers him.
63) 39) dialog: No.
63) 42) dialog: You've only got one thing left that's  any good here - and that's some gold.
63) 45) text: There is a brief silence that punctuates this statement. has an air of fatal finality, marked by the idle MUSIC of the deaf pianist. Haven puts his pipe away, carefully so  that Prince won't get any mistaken ideas.
63) 50) text: She says nothing; her face carved out of ice. Prince smil thinly. Haven looks at him, shrugs. He hesitates; then pa Charlie's frigid shoulder.
63) 52) text: He turns and walks slowly out. The dirge of the piano fol him. Prince fingers his pistol a little, tempted. At a lo from Charlie he puts it away. Haven goes out. Charlie sud leaves the tables and goes quickly up the stairs. Prince  watches her with a slow smile, picks up Haven's gun and  pockets it...
68) 0) text: As Pete enters. He looks around. Mick is sitting there an Prince. Charlie is standing at the window. By another doo another grim character stands in silence. Charlie turns a Peter enters.
68) 3) dialog: Got enough men at the sawmill?
68) 5) dialog: All right. Go back out there and get  them into the uniforms. We'll hit  the post just before midnight.
68) 6) text: Pete turns and walks out, shutting the door behind him. T is silence. Charlie looks out the window again. Prince fo with the dice. Mick stands stolidly near the door. At las the silence is broken over the ticking of the wall clock.
68) 7) dialog: I don't know what we're waiting for.
70) 2) dialog: This should be good.
70) 7) text: She has turned to the safe; now she turns with them and a Mark reaches for them, Charlie drops them at his feet. Th scatter. He bends to pick them up. Prince smiles at him  contemptuously. Mark is picking them up one at a time whe suddenly he pauses, stands erect, and looks at them with  fear and suspicion.
70) 9) dialog: No, he didn't.
70) 11) dialog: We don't think they're going to be  any good.
70) 12) text: Mark stands there. The papers slip from his fingers. He k what Prince means. But his mouth hardens in an effort.
70) 19) dialog: What do you want?
70) 27) text: He backs out, the little gun in his hand. Mick opens the  door. In sudden relief and haste Mark barrels out. They c hear his quick feet on the stairs outside. Prince looks a Charlie.
70) 28) dialog: Something left to wait for?
70) 30) text: Prince gets up and leaves, and Mick, with a grim smile of anticipation follows. Charlie sits slowly down in the cha The music comes up the stairs and through the door.
73) 0) text: As Haven emerges and the Sheriff holds a gun on him. ANGLE on Mick as down the street, with disgust, he lowers his gun. ANGLE on Prince as from a doorway he watches. Stopping wi a shake of his head the intent of a man beside him to sho FULL SHOT -- street -- as Haven surrenders to the sheriff
73) 7) text: Haven suddenly drops to his knees. The sheriff almost wal over him. The sheriff stumbles with an oath. Haven grappl with him. Haven snatches his gun, drags him by a headlock the horse, flings him aside and then mounts. A second lat he is away. Shots RING OUT as Mick and Prince and the gun shoot. Haven rides on, bent low, out of town. The sheriff hides his bulk in the dust as the bullets fly. ANGLE from Charlie's office -- as she goes to the window, stares out at the flying form of Haven. A slow smile come over her face, bitter and grim, yet somehow faintly  admiring... She sees Mick mount a horse and start after H Then she turns abruptly away.
87) 0) text: Charlie is standing by the desk and window. Prince is sit there, talking, the inevitable dice in his fingers.
87) 1) dialog: There's seventy men ready for any  kind of play. I say we can still  swing it -- and get out of town.
87) 2) text: THERE is SOUND of massed horses outside and Charlie looks out. Prince walks to the window. They look in silence.
89) 0) text: As they watch. Prince turns away.
89) 1) dialog: You wanted to give Haven time. Well,  he took it.
89) 3) dialog: By that I presume you intend to  remain.
89) 5) text: Prince crosses to the window and stands looking at Charli
89) 6) dialog: I asked you once if Haven moved me  out. (he smiles) I think he's moved us both out --  together.
89) 7) text: Charlie looks at him but does not answer and then she tur to the window, and smiles slightly. Prince follows her ga to the street. His face is grim.
91) 0) text: As Charlie glances at Prince.
91) 1) dialog: (softly) This is the way I wanted it... and  when I've finished you will too...  as though Haven had never been here.
91) 2) text: He turns and goes quietly and swiftly from the room. Char stands thoughtfully. There is nothing in her look or mann to indicate that what Prince has said has made the slight impression on her.
95) 30) text: At the bare rustle of SOUND behind him (and the memory of her eyes going past him) Haven whirls, stopping aside and drawing as he does so. And just as he does so, Prince, in the doorway, fires. Haven shoots so that the shots RING O almost simultaneously. Prince topples forward on his knee and then his face. The dice roll out of his unclenched le hand. MED. SHOT of Haven and Charlie as their eyes read the dic Haven puts away the gun. Charlie is still leaning against the desk, but there is a strange look on her face. A thin smile for Haven. Now she sags a little and Haven realizes she has been hit. He starts to her and she turns away tow the couch. He catches her as she sags again, and helps he down gently on the couch. ANGLE on couch as Haven kneels beside her. He starts to p away the top of her dress, but the wound is close to the  heart. She shakes her head.