56) 0) text: As Haven and Mark come out. They walk towards the saloon. People look at them curiously. Suddenly, down the street, the sheriff appears, approaching Haven slowly and ominous Sensing a gun fight, people vanish. Purely from instinct, Mark deserts Haven's side in a hurried walk towards the  saloon, eyeing both. Haven comes on leisurely. The sherif has stopped in his tracks and has his gun out. A woman  clutches her child to her skirt. Men stand stockstill,  watching. A crowd forms at the entrance to Charlie's. Hav walks slowly forward until he reaches the waiting sheriff He looks him over with a smile of contempt.
56) 1) dialog: You're under arrest!
56) 3) dialog: For the murder of James Goddard --  and robbery under arms!
56) 5) text: Haven hands him back the now loaded gun and walks away to the saloon, leaving the sheriff standing there, a complet dumbfounded and bepuzzled man.
72) 22) text: He starts to the door, the little gun in hand; very slowl Watching him, the clerk twangs the strings softly. Haven  walks very slowly. He opens the door and hesitates. Just he is about to step out, looking up and down the street,  there is a furor and the sheriff rides up outside and  dismounts. Starts over to inspect Mark's body. He turns a Haven walks on to the street, hands held high.
73) 0) text: As Haven emerges and the Sheriff holds a gun on him. ANGLE on Mick as down the street, with disgust, he lowers his gun. ANGLE on Prince as from a doorway he watches. Stopping wi a shake of his head the intent of a man beside him to sho FULL SHOT -- street -- as Haven surrenders to the sheriff
73) 1) dialog: All right, you -- march.
73) 2) text: Haven obeys, walking up the street -- the sheriff and the sheriff's horse behind him. People watch, appearing now i safety. The sheriff is pretty pleased. MOVING SHOT -- of Haven and Sheriff. As they go, Haven's  hands still aloft.
73) 4) dialog: No -- you did.
73) 5) text: Back of them can now be seen the figures of Mick and Prin and the other gunman, following at a little distance. Goi leisurely, now Haven slows his pace so that the sheriff i closer behind him.
73) 6) dialog: Come on, you! Keep moving!
73) 7) text: Haven suddenly drops to his knees. The sheriff almost wal over him. The sheriff stumbles with an oath. Haven grappl with him. Haven snatches his gun, drags him by a headlock the horse, flings him aside and then mounts. A second lat he is away. Shots RING OUT as Mick and Prince and the gun shoot. Haven rides on, bent low, out of town. The sheriff hides his bulk in the dust as the bullets fly. ANGLE from Charlie's office -- as she goes to the window, stares out at the flying form of Haven. A slow smile come over her face, bitter and grim, yet somehow faintly  admiring... She sees Mick mount a horse and start after H Then she turns abruptly away.
74) 0) text: As Haven slows down his horse, but goes on at a fair clip after looking warily back. He breaks open the sheriff's g finds it loaded. He reacts and whistles softly. As he swi his horse off the travelled road to head crosscountry for the sawmill.