3) 4) text: Players glance at the newcomer. Prince appears from nowhe standing behind the stickman, watching. Prince is slender black-haired, handsome and impassive. Haven throws again. Stellman, an Army officer, watches curiously. There is a  little rising murmur as Haven tosses another natural. He  does it without enthusiasm or any lost movement. The bett get down on him. Prince touches the stickman's arm; the m stands aside and Prince takes his place with the stick. P tosses the dice back to Haven. Haven's eyes are fixed on  him. With a little smile, Haven throws the dice to the ne man, picks up his winnings.
3) 6) text: His eyes meet Prince's again and then he turns away, Prin gaze following him curiously, Stellman looks at Prince.
3) 7) dialog: Know him?
3) 9) dialog: He just seems kind of free with that  money.
3) 10) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Haven, as still smiling slightly, he heads towards the bar, searching the faces of the crowd as he g Two miners are squared off for a fight and Haven, going h way, walks between them, very indifferent, not even glanc back at the SOUND of scuffle behind him. AT THE BAR - Haven alone is not watching the fight. All t others have turned to see it; even the barman is busy  watching. But Haven's eyes are resting on the figure of a woman now at the piano, singing. Softly, as if to herself and for her own enjoyment. He is near the end of the bar near the piano, and since no one else listens to her at t moment, she sings, half smiling, directly for him, and th self-consciously, she stops and turns to sit at a table, Haven watches her. Behind them the fight is being stopped and Charlie's eyes follow the huge bouncer, Mick Marion, he drags the offenders out to the door and the street. Al is as usual. The bartender is back at work. As Haven turn he finds that the place beside him is now occupied by the young Lieutenant (Phil Stellman). Haven glances at the  uniform, then at the pleasant face of the officer, as the barman comes up.
3) 15) text: He turns his back to her; she gives him a look and saunte off. The barman produces the drinks -- a beer for Stellma the young officer. The barman folds his arms. Stellman lo at Haven.
3) 16) dialog: You a stranger here?
3) 21) text: The barman turns to get it. Stellman is still looking at  Haven.
3) 22) dialog: (easily) You didn't answer my question.
3) 24) dialog: Got a job?
3) 27) dialog: It has a little more than that.
3) 30) dialog: If you want to make it a personal  matter --
3) 32) text: They stare at each other for a long second, then Stellman speaks icily:
3) 33) dialog: If I weren't in uniform, I might  teach you some manners.
3) 35) text: Stellman's jaw tightens; then he turns and exits abruptly The barman sighs with relief; the bouncer turns away.
4) 0) text: The board sidewalk has given way to a rutty dirt road. No the racket of the saloon street is just a ghost of noise, the road dark and silent. Haven has emerged from the salo He glances up the street. Fifty yards ahead, Stellman is  walking slowly. Stellman pauses, shoots a quick glance  backwards, then goes on. Haven follows, going leisurely u the street after Stellman. ANGLE on a corner as Stellman turns it, pauses and waits. When Haven reaches it, Stellman goes on in silence.
5) 0) text: As Stellman reaches it, pauses and glances behind him. Th he rings a bell. Haven comes up and waits in silence, gla at the dark interior. A woman's face now peers through th door window and then the door opens. Stellman enters quic and Haven follows.
6) 0) text: As Stellman and Haven follow Mrs. Caslon to a rear door.  Looking around, Haven notes in the shadows a desk and in corner the big safe. (This room is described in a subsequ scene.) So as to emit the least light, Mrs. Caslon lets  Stellman and Haven go through, then quickly follows them quickly shuts the door.
7) 0) text: It is remarkably neat and elegant inside. As Haven, glanc around, pauses inside, he finds himself facing a burly  uniformed cavalry officer, captain's bars gleaming on the side of his collar. The captain is big and broad and scow He is standing by the fireplace and his eyes are boring i Haven's with curiosity and perhaps, suspicion. Stellman s forward as Haven and the captain are measuring each other
7) 1) dialog: Captain Iles -- the Commanding Officer  of the Post.
7) 3) dialog: Mr. Haven -- sir.
7) 12) dialog: It came off beautifully. He picks a  very good fight. In fact, I think  I'm still a little sore at him.
7) 62) text: Iles marches out abruptly, followed by Stellman. The door shuts. Haven smiles after him, then at Mrs. Caslon.
15) 0) text: Iles is pacing the floor. Mrs. Caslon is occupied with so minor domestic chore. Stellman is standing by the door. I is a ball of fire.
15) 2) dialog: That's what they tell me.
15) 4) dialog: I don't know, but Haven finished it.
15) 6) text: Stellman shrugs.
15) 8) text: There is a knock at the door. Iles gives her a look; then glares at Stellman.
15) 10) text: Stellman opens the door and Haven walks in. He pauses, gl around and smiles. Mrs. Caslon smiles at him.
15) 38) text: He smiles and leaves, closing the door as he goes. Iles s there frozen with rage a moment. Then his face relaxes in grim smile. He glances at Stellman as he takes a cigar ou and bites it off.
48) 0) text: Iles is pacing up and down as Stellman enters quietly. Il promptly faces him.
48) 2) dialog: Goddard's body -- shot in the back.
48) 4) dialog: One horse was missing. They might  have taken him away on that. They  wouldn't kidnap him if they'd killed  him.
48) 6) dialog: He was a Wells Fargo Detective.
48) 8) dialog: He may have followed them on the  missing horse.
48) 10) dialog: I don't know, sir.
48) 12) dialog: But can you arrest him?
48) 14) dialog: No, sir.
48) 16) dialog: Yes, sir.
48) 17) text: Stellman turns and leaves obediently.
59) 4) text: As they descend, Stellman can be seen in the bar crowd,  watching them. MED. SHOT of Charlie and Haven at foot of stairs. Haven i smiling at her, but her face is serious and her eyes hard
59) 8) text: Haven smiles. He can see Stellman approaching.
59) 10) text: He starts away, but Stellman halts him.
59) 11) dialog: Haven.
59) 14) dialog: Yes, we still want you. But this is  a little different.
59) 16) dialog: Captain Iles has asked me to take  you into custody, Haven.
59) 19) dialog: Best thing for you is to come along,  Haven.
60) 0) text: There is a sergeant inside facing Iles who sits behind hi desk. Stellman and Haven pause at the door.
60) 5) text: Haven and Stellman enter. Stellman closes the door and st near it. Haven smiles and nods at Iles, then sits down  unbidden.
60) 33) text: Haven turns and walks out; the door closes behind him. Il slumps down into his chair. Stellman is smiling faintly a him.
60) 34) dialog: Anything else, Sir?
60) 36) text: As Stellman turns away.
85) 0) text: As Haven walks outside towards his waiting horse. He paus pipe in mouth, lighting the pipe now, his face intensely  interested as he watches the men form on the parade groun in front of the mounted Iles and Stellman. FULL SHOT of soldiers. As they mount to a brisk command, the color bearer takes position. Iles barks out a command the column forms into marching order. On the double quick the cavalry company starts out and on the way. CLOSE SHOT of Haven as he watches; his eyes lighting a li the pipe in hand. We feel that he'd like to go too in thi moment. ANOTHER ANGLE from Haven's view, as the column of cavalry departs. Haven waves his hand, a half salute, a half gest to Iles as Iles salutes him in passing. Then only the dus remains and Haven's gaze lingers. His face changes. It be grim. He slowly knocks the ashes from the pipe, pockets i He slowly mounts the horse. He takes out his gun and chec it. Then slowly he rides away, like a man on a mission he dislikes but cannot evade.