0) 7) dialog: The joke? Don’t tell nobody, don’t tell a soul. Are we animals? Have we gone crazy? INT. KELLY’S APARTMENT -— DAY 5 KELLY, an overworked social worker, is looking at a pregnancy test stick in the bathroom of her modest apartment. It’s negative. She is dressed in blue. DONALD her husband enters. She quickly puts it in the trash can and tries to hide her frustration. He kisses her.
1) 0) text: A graduation is in full swing. We see NYLA dressed in purple, as she receives her diploma. Her mother ALICE beams with pride from the front row. Alice is dressed in all white with a cross on and a huge bible. Her older sister TANGIE dressed in orange looks uninterested as she looks at a one of the male teachers making eyes at her. (CONTINUED)
1) 7) dialog: And this is for colored girls who have considered suicide but moved to the ends of their own rainbows.
1) 90) dialog: I need some money.
1) 94) dialog: Things.
1) 96) dialog: There are things I need.
1) 98) dialog: Do you know how hard it is for me to come over here and ask you for anything? (CONTINUED)
1) 104) dialog: I wouldn't, if I didn't have to.
1) 106) dialog: You do this to taunt me. You are just as evil as my father was. Just evil.
1) 108) dialog: It’s not a cult. You would know that if you came and spent some time at the Temple of Elohim.
1) 110) dialog: You will burn in hell child.
1) 112) dialog: I pray for you that you find God through the mist of the distances that Satan has put in your heart. He has lured you to him through deception, through the dark forces. Don’t let them take your body. Tangie starts closing the door.
1) 113) dialog: Repent! Repent!
1) 118) dialog: Praise Elohim. People ignore her. Yasmine and Bill pass her.
1) 119) dialog: Repent children. Yasmine takes a track.
1) 120) dialog: God bless you.
1) 122) dialog: Are you ready to meet Elohim.
1) 124) dialog: Be careful of the dark seekers. He’s darkness. Just evil. She gives her a dollar.
1) 125) dialog: The golden city awaits you. Alice walks down the street.
8) 27) dialog: I need some money.
8) 29) dialog: I need three hundred and eighty five dollars.
8) 31) dialog: I just need it.
8) 33) dialog: I have to have the patience of Job to deal with you, my daughter. You’re going to end up in the belly of the whale if you don't get your life right.
8) 39) dialog: You touch me I will bless you out with this oil, child boy.
10) 12) dialog: Angel.
10) 14) dialog: I am.
10) 18) dialog: Thank you. My sweet baby. You are nothing like your sister. Here. She gives her some money. Nyla looks at it.
10) 20) dialog: I know. I tried to get more but your sister wouldn't give it to me.
10) 22) dialog: I didn't tell her what it was for, but you know I wasn't going to lie. You know she can’t stand you. You've always been so much better then her. If she knew that it was for you to better yourself she would never give it to me. Your sister is so wicked. She holds that wallet like its Jacob holding on to an angel.
10) 24) dialog: To nail me to the cross. That's why he only gives me a thousand dollars a month. He wants to keep his foot on my neck even in death. Don't you worry I'1l figure out something. Can I talk to your dance teacher to see if I can pay it over time?
10) 26) dialog: I know. I know, Elohim will make a way. GOLDENROD REVISED 33. 33 EXT. YASMINE’S APARTMENT -NIGHT 33 Bill and Yasmine are walking down the street.
19) 8) dialog: I'm looking for my daughter.
19) 10) dialog: Nyla Adrose.
20) 4) dialog: Rock of ages, let me hide myself in thee from this shame.
20) 9) dialog: Speak child.
21) 13) dialog: Devil!
21) 15) dialog: You sent her there. You sent her there. A man comes out of the bedroom he looks on.
21) 16) dialog: Evil lives in you. You are the child of darkness.
21) 20) dialog: You get out of here. You don't even know her name do you?
21) 22) dialog: What is wrong with you, all these men crawling inside of you. How can you be any relation to the God in me? She could have killed her.
21) 24) dialog: I was with you, watching her.
21) 26) dialog: She has gone crazy now. She’s an alcoholic demon. She goes towards her and tries to hit her. Tangie moves. Alice falls on the floor and hits her head. She crawls to the wall and sits on the floor looking at her.
21) 27) dialog: This pair of you couldn’t have come from me. He wants you to have the money so you can control me like he did. When he put his hands up my dress, he didn't want me with anybody but him. He told me I was ugly. When I was fifteen he gave me to a white man. He told me he wanted a grand-girl that was beautiful not black like me, he told me not to sleep with the darkness, and then you came.
21) 29) dialog: He touched you too.
21) 35) dialog: He touched you too didn't he? I know it. Because of who you are.
21) 37) dialog: You would always wear these orange butterflies and aqua sequins ensconced tween slight bosoms silk roses dartin from behind your ears. The passion flower of you meandered down hoover street past dark shuttered houses where women from Louisiana shelled peas round three o’clock and sent their sons whistlin to the store for fatback and black-eyed peas. You glittered in heat and seemed to be lookin for rides when you wazn’t and absolutely eyed every man who wazn’t lame, white, or noddin out. Look at you. You let your thigh slip from under your skirt crossin the street. You slowed to be examined. I saw you I watched you sullen. And the rhinestones etching the corners of your mouth suggested tears fresh kisses that had done no good. You always wore your stomach out lined with small iridescent feathers. The hairs round your navel seemed to dance and you didn’t let on that you knew from behind your waist waz aching to be held.
21) 42) dialog: You are darkness.
21) 103) dialog: That, that what was growing inside of you was sin. It had to be destroyed. Pray and repent. Talk to Elohim. Talk to him Child. She takes several bottles of oil out of a cabinet and lights several candles.
21) 104) dialog: I don’t hear you praying.
21) 106) dialog: Come out of my daughter you demon. Come out by the power of Elohim. The graded son of man and the daughter of Jerusalem come out. She’s hugging Nyla around the neck tightly. (CONTINUED)
21) 111) dialog: It's a spirit and it will come out. She hits her again. Nyla fights with her off and runs out of the house.
21) 112) dialog: Come back child to the salvation of the Elohim. Come BACK! Come back. INT. YASMINE’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT 85 Yasmine is asleep, there is banging on her door. Yasmine jumps up and grabs the knife that is on her bedside. INT. YASMINE’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 86 She starts to shake as she goes to the door. There is a chair at the door and several locks are on it. She looks through the peephole and doesn't see anything. She then sits in a chair in the living room with the knife in her hand.
31) 60) dialog: I bought you some things for her. She gives her a box.
31) 64) dialog: Where is she?
31) 66) dialog: I'm very proud of you. Elohim blessed. Here?
31) 68) dialog: It’s the temple bible.
31) 70) dialog: No, I'm fasting, I’m going to go now. This music is of the devil. She walks out.