1) 43) dialog: Good morning.
1) 45) dialog: Is somebody coming up?
1) 49) dialog: Who is it? Crystal gives her a look. She hears a noise coming from her apartment.
1) 50) dialog: Is that Beau Willie? Crystal gives her a look.
1) 51) dialog: Can you get my mail when you go downstairs?
1) 53) dialog: You’re gonna clean that up.
1) 55) dialog: Everything don’t blow like you. You got a lot of men coming through your house.
1) 58) dialog: I can’t stand that girl. Just a tramp.
1) 62) dialog: Oh, okay. Gilda goes into her apartment. She slowly closes the door.
1) 86) dialog: (whispering) It ain't her that’s hurting them kids. It’s him. I baby sit ‘em, I know. I can hear everything through this wall. That's why I called you.
1) 88) dialog: Yes. She can’t protect them from him. Ever since he came back from the war he’s been crazy. And he drinks like a fish. Do her a favor take them children. He came home crazy as hell and tried to get veterans benefits to go to school & they kept right on puttin’ him in remedial classes. He couldln’t read wortha damn, so Beau cussed the teachers of holdin him back & got himself a gypsy cab to drive, but his cab kept breakin down and the cops was always messin wit him. Crystal went and got pregnant again and Beau most beat her to death when she told him, she still gotta scar under her right tit where he cut her up. Still Crystal went right on and had the baby, so now Beau Willie has two children, a and there waz no air. Beau Willie opens the door. Gilda quickly closes her door. Kelly walks down the stairs. She can almost feel Beau Willie staring at her. She looks back at Beau Willie. She hurries out. INT. CRYSTAL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY - DAY 14 Alice walks up the stairs past Kelly. She knocks on Tangie’s door. Tangie opens it.
10) 73) dialog: A Word. Gilda closes her door.
16) 31) dialog: It'll be alright.
16) 33) dialog: Did I ever tell you how I met my husband. His name was Toussaint. I was eight years old. The library was right down from de trolly tracks cross from the laundry-mat thru the big shining floors and granite pillars. Old St. Louis is famous for. I found Toussaint. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
16) 37) dialog: I knew I wasn't supposed to but I ran into the adult reading room and came across Toussaint my first black man. They hear Beau Willie yelling. The kids look teary.
16) 38) dialog: Toussaint was a black man. A Negro like my Mama say. Who refused to be a slave. He spoke French and didn't let no white man to tell him nothing. I was sick of white folks so my imaginary...
16) 40) dialog: Toussaint said “Let’s go to Haiti”. I said awright. Then Toussaint and I took the Hodiamont Streetcar to the river last stop. That Was where we was gonna stow away on a boat for New Orleans and catch a creole fishing rig for Port-Au-Prince. INT. GILDA’S APARTMENT - SAME TIME 60 They hear another picture fall from the wall. The children start to cry.
16) 41) dialog: Then some ole boy jumped out in front of me and said, “Where you going little gal?” I said, “Who are you?” He said I'm Toussaint Jones. I said, “I am on my way to see Toussaint L’Ouverture in Haiti.” Are ya any kin to him? He don’t take no stuff from no white folks. They gotta country all they own and they ain’t no slaves. That silly ol' boy squinted his face all up. Looka heah girl, I am Toussaint Jones. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
16) 44) dialog: I’m right heah lookin' at ya and I don’t take no stuff from no white folks. Ya don’t see non round heah, do ya?
16) 47) dialog: And he sorta' pushed out his chest then he say, “Come on lets go on down to the docks and look at the boats.” I was real puzzled going down to the docks with my paper bag and my books. I felt Toussaint L’Ouverture leave and this Toussaint was the same ‘cept the ol’ one was in Haiti and this one wid me speakin' English and eatin' apples. Yeah, Toussaint Jones waz awright wit me. The noise stops, Gilda goes to the door and opens it. She is shocked to find Beau willie standing there, he grabs the children and takes them to the apartment and slams the door.
17) 4) dialog: Help her, help her...
19) 0) text: As he is walking out two stretchers pass by with the children on them. Juanita comes in with Joanna and Gilda not far behind. Crystal is in shock, in a daze.
21) 10) dialog: I'm her building manager.
21) 47) dialog: Not until you take back those foul words you just said to me.
21) 54) dialog: Sit down and shut up.
21) 56) dialog: If you don't put this ice on your face your going to be black and blue, do you want that? Tangie snatches the ice from her and sits down. Gilda takes it from her and puts it on her face.
21) 57) dialog: It makes sense you know.
21) 59) dialog: You and your mother. Sleeping with all these men thinking it’s just sex. It ain't just sex honey, it all has a root. And you have to find the root to pluck it. At 4:30 a.m. you rise movin the arms and legs that trapped you. You sighed affirming the sculptured man and make yourself a bath of dark musk oil Egyptian crystals and Florida water to remove his smell to wash away the glitter to watch the butterflies melt into suds. (MORE )
21) 63) dialog: And the rhinestones fall beneath her buttocks like smooth pebbles in a Missouri creek layin in water. You become yourself, ordinary brown braided woman with big legs and full lips regular. And the ones who fall prey to the dazzle of hips painted with orange blossoms and magnolia scented wrists had wanted no more than to lay between her sparklin thighs. And had planned on leavin before dawn. And you had been so divine devastatingly bizarre the way your mouth fit round. And now you stand a regular colored girl fulla the same malice livid indifference as a sistah worn from supportin a would-be horn player. But then you gather your tinsel and jewels from the tub. And laugh gayly or vengeful you stored your silk roses by your bed. And when you finished writin the account of her exploit in a diary embroidered with lilies and moonstones. You place the rose behind your ear and cried yourself to sleep.
21) 65) dialog: I used to be you. INT. JUANITA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 80 Juanita walks in. She looks around the room.
25) 0) text: Several of the women sit around the waiting room. Gilda, Joanna, Kelly, Nyla and Tangie. Juanita walks up.
28) 0) text: Crystal sits with the doctor. They are discharging her. Gilda takes her home.
30) 6) dialog: What you want with her? (CONTINUED)
30) 21) dialog: What?
30) 25) dialog: Is that your way of apologizing to me? Tangie turns to walk away.
30) 26) dialog: I notice you haven't had any visitors lately.
30) 28) dialog: I see you’re starting to mind yours. The two women exchange a look. Tangie walks away. INT. JUANITA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 114 Juanita is getting ready to leave for a party. There’s a knock at the door, she opens it.
31) 0) text: Crystal sits on the sofa, in the dark. Gilda knocks. She enters in with a plate of food. Gilda walks over to the window to open the curtains.
31) 2) dialog: Did you eat today? Gilda looks at the kitchen. She sees the breakfast she brought earlier still covered.
31) 3) dialog: No you didn't. What's your plan? To lay here and die. (CONTINUED)
31) 7) dialog: How could you do it? Crystal looks at her.
31) 9) dialog: You had to stop him long before he got to that window.
31) 11) dialog: Some of it. You got to take some responsibility in this. Now how much of it you want to take. It is up to you. But you have to take some. And until you do; you're going to live to die. Now I know this hurts but, you got to get up from here.
31) 13) dialog: Then save some other woman's babies. Help another woman who is missing what you're missing. You got to get up from here. There is too much life wrapped in your voice. You got to get up from here. Gilda opens the curtains. She walks over to Crystal and sits down. She hugs her. The two women cry together. INT. JOANNA’S APARTMENT - EVENING 115 Joanna sits in a chair talking to Carl.
32) 27) dialog: My love is too sanctified to have thrown back on my face.
32) 40) dialog: No this one is it. I do ya like I do ya cause I thought ya could take it. No, I’m sorry.
32) 55) dialog: Not a laying on of a bosom and womb a laying on of hands the holiness of myself released.