0) 1) dialog: No tune distraught. Laughter fallin’ over a black girl's shoulders. It’s funny. It’s hysterical. The melodylessness of her dance. Don’t tell nobody, don’t tell a soul. She’s dancing on beer cans and shingles.
1) 7) dialog: And this is for colored girls who have considered suicide but moved to the ends of their own rainbows.
1) 32) dialog: Hold it please. Kelly holds the door.
1) 33) dialog: Thank you.
1) 38) dialog: I know you’re in there Frank. Open the door. She looks down at the bottom of the door seal. (CONTINUED )
1) 41) dialog: You got a woman in there? Franklin. You know what...Fine Frank. Fine, I’ve had enough of this, I'm sick of your shit and Without any assistance or guidance from you I have loved you assiduously for eight months, two weeks and a day. I have been stood up four times. I’ve left seven packages on your doorstep, forty poems, two plants and three handmade note cards. And I left town so I could send them. You have been no help to me on my job. You call at 3:00 in the morning on weekdays. Charming, charming. But you are of no assistance. I want you to know this was an experiment to see how selfish I could be. If I could really carry on, to snare a possible lover. If I was capable of defacing myself for the love of another. If I could stand not being wanted when I wanted to be wanted. And, I cannot so, with no further assistance and no guidance from you. I am ending this affair. She reaches into her purse and takes a note card. She sticks it into the plant.
1) 42) dialog: There’s a note that is attached to a plant I've been watering since the day I met you. You may water it your damn self. INT. CRYSTAL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY - DAY 11 Gilda comes out of her apartment.
5) 0) text: Juanita sits in the lobby waiting area of the very upscale building. It is very modern and very cold with lots of hard edges and upright uncomfortable furniture. Katina an assistant comes out of an office.
5) 1) dialog: Is she ready to see me?
5) 9) dialog: Honey, I’m the one that’s sorry for you. Katina runs into the office.
5) 28) dialog: Hi. Juanita Simms.
5) 30) dialog: I’m so glad that you took this meeting. I’1l be quick because I know you're really busy. I was reading in your magazine about your upbringing and I just knew... Joanna seems to not be paying attention to her.
5) 31) dialog: You would respond to this program. I’m a nurse and I started a free health and wellness clinic ina community center in one of the poorest neighborhoods in this city. As you know growing up poor like so many of us. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
5) 36) dialog: We never had health care or even talked about it. So I just wanted to educate women on their bodies and at the same time their mind and souls. You and me both were raised by single mothers so I know how that is.
5) 38) dialog: Well this is just a little nonprofit. And everything I've been doing, I've been doing on my own, out of my pocket, you know we get a small donation here and there.
5) 40) dialog: And those are all great causes but there is so much need right here in our own community.
5) 42) dialog: Thank you? Joanna leans into the intercom.
5) 48) dialog: Did she just...
5) 50) dialog: No. I sat in this damn lobby waiting an hour for you. Cool, you don’t want to give us any money I get that. But this attitude and disregard for people’s time and feeling is ridiculous. Does it take all of this for you to be that? Cause if it does, you might be paying too much. Juanita walks out.
8) 75) dialog: Ladies, these condoms are free. How many times have you heard your man say, “It don't feel the same” or “I ain't got nothing” when his ass ain't even been to a doctor. Make him use them. If you know how many young beautiful faces I see every day like yours at the hospital cause they didn't want to hurt the mans feelings. Shhhittt, hurt his feelings or let him go home hurting. Frank taps on glass in the door. Juanita looks at him.
8) 76) dialog: Excuse me, I’1l be right back. Juanita goes out the hallway.
9) 2) dialog: I don't want to talk to you. I haven't seen or heard from you in four days.
9) 4) dialog: Don't give me that bullshit. I know you. Were you with her?
9) 8) dialog: You miss me when she get tired of you. I'm to old for this Frank.
9) 10) dialog: No, you don't.
9) 12) dialog: If you really love me, then leave me alone.
9) 14) dialog: Hurt you. Get out of here Frank. I got these ladies to talk to. Juanita goes back into the classroom as Frank looks at her. INT. COMMUNITY CENTER - JUANITA’S FREE CLINIC - DAY 30
9) 15) dialog: When you use a condom it is important that you use a water based lubricant....
10) 144) dialog: Just leave me alone Frank.
10) 147) text: INT. JUANITA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 41
10) 148) dialog: Go home. Oh that’s right, you don't have a home to go to.
10) 150) dialog: Somebody told me you moved out of your apartment. What did you do, move back in with her?
10) 152) dialog: I'm sick of all your lies and shit.
10) 154) dialog: What would I look like letting you back in my life after all the advice I give to the women at my clinic.
10) 156) dialog: No Frank, you listen, every time I let you move back in here you do the same thing. And every time I come home and you're not here. I check the closet to see of your things are gone. I gotta set an example for my women.
10) 158) dialog: Help you do what? (CONTINUED)
10) 162) dialog: Why didn't you just say that in the first damn place? He kisses her on her neck.
10) 163) dialog: I'm tired of trying to love you Frank. You ought to just leave.
10) 165) dialog: No, go. He kisses her.
10) 166) dialog: Frank, Frank. He kisses her neck.
10) 167) dialog: You got some condoms? INT. BRADMORE PUBLICATIONS - JOANNA’S OFFICE - DAY 42 Crystal is busy around the office.
17) 0) text: Juanita walks to her car putting a box in the trunk. She is parked a few cars behind Joanna on the other side of the street. 65 INT. JOANNA’S CAR - DAY 65
19) 0) text: As he is walking out two stretchers pass by with the children on them. Juanita comes in with Joanna and Gilda not far behind. Crystal is in shock, in a daze.
19) 2) dialog: You have to wait.
19) 6) dialog: Are you ok?
21) 8) dialog: We don't really.
21) 66) dialog: Frank! Frank! No, not when I need you the most. Why do I do this shit to myself. She goes into the closet and she sees his clothes still hanging there she relaxes. Frank comes in the front door with a bag of groceries.
21) 68) dialog: Hey. (CONTINUED)
21) 73) dialog: Just hold me. He puts the bag down and holds her tight. REVISED 69. 80
21) 76) dialog: Yeah. Just hold me.
25) 0) text: Several of the women sit around the waiting room. Gilda, Joanna, Kelly, Nyla and Tangie. Juanita walks up.
25) 1) dialog: They are pumping her stomach.
25) 3) dialog: Not just yet. Donald and Renee walk in with Yasmine. Donald sees Kelly.
25) 10) dialog: She’s stable.
25) 26) dialog: I know when I left this morning you thought I forgot, but I didn't. INT. JUANITA’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT 102 She opens the bedroom door.
25) 27) dialog: Happy birthday Frank. She turns the light on in the bedroom and no one is there. She sits the cake down on the dresser and turns off the TV. She notices that the dresser drawer is slightly opened. She opens it to see that it’s empty. She goes into the closet to see his side of the clothes are gone. She exits the closet and throws the cake against the wall.
25) 28) dialog: Somebody almost walked off with all of my stuff and didn’t care enough to send a note home saying, I was late for my solo conversation or two sizes too small for my own tacky skirts.
26) 1) dialog: What can anybody do with something of no value on a open market? Did you get a dime for my things? Hey man...
26) 3) dialog: Where are you going with all my stuff? This is a woman’s trip and I need my stuff to oooh and ahhhh about.
26) 5) dialog: Honest to God, somebody almost run off with all of my stuff. And I didn’t bring anything but the kick and sway of it. The perfect ass for my man and none of it is theirs. This is mine. Juanita’s own things. That’s my name. Now give me my stuff.
27) 0) text: Crystal lays on the sofa talking to the doctor. Juanita, Kelly and Nyla are there by her side. (CONTINUED)
27) 4) dialog: I see ya hidin’ my laugh. And how I sit with my legs open sometimes to give my crotch some sunlight.
27) 6) dialog: This is some delicate leg and whimsical kiss I gotta have to give to my choice. No you can’t have me unless, I give me away. And I was doin’ all that, til ya run off on a good thing.
27) 8) dialog: And who is this you left me with? Some simple bitch with a bad attitude. I wants my things. I want my arm with the hot iron scar and my leg with the flea bite.
28) 1) dialog: I want my calloused feet and quick language back in my mouth. I want my own things. How I loved them. Somebody almost run off with all of my stuff. And I was standing there, lookin at myself, the whole time. It wasn't a spirit that ran GOLDENROD REVISED 84.
29) 0) text: Joanna gives Juanita a check for her clinic. The two ladies smile and talk.
29) 1) dialog: Off with all my stuff. It was a man whose ego walked round like Rodan’s shadow. It was a man faster then my innocence.
30) 1) dialog: It was a lover, I made too much room for. Almost run off with all my stuff. And the one running with it. Don’t know he got it. I’m shoutin this is mine.
30) 3) dialog: And he don't know he got it. My stuff is the anonymous ripped off treasure of the year. Did you know somebody almost got away with me... me in a plastic bag under their arm? Me...
30) 29) dialog: What do you want?
30) 31) dialog: This is over Frank.
30) 33) dialog: Every since I realized there was someone called a colored girl, an evil woman, a bitch or a nag. I been trying not to be that and leave bitterness in somebody else’s cup. Come to somebody to love me without deep and nasty smelling scars from lye or being left screaming in a street fulla lunatics, whispering slut, bitch, bitch. Niggah get outta here with alla that. I didn’t have any of that for you. I brought you what joy I found. And I found joy. And then there’s that woman who hurt you, who you left, three or four times. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
30) 38) dialog: And you just went back after you put my heart in the bottom of your shoe. You just walked back to where you hurt. And I didn’t have nothing. So I went to where somebody had something for me. But none of them were you. I was on the way back from her house. In the bottom of your shoe. A real dead loving is here for you now. Cause I don’t know anymore, how to avoid my own face wet with my tears cause I had convinced myself Colored Girls had no right to sorrow. I lived for you, but I know I did it for myself. I couldn't stand it I couldn’t stand being sorry and colored at the same time. It’s so redundant in the modern world. You gotta go.
30) 40) dialog: Like you’ve never seen it before. He walks out she closes the door she continues to get ready.
32) 2) dialog: HIV is not a death sentence. I have patients that have been on their meds living a great life for over twenty years. Its gonna be ok.
32) 4) dialog: Honey, it could have been any of us. You were not stupid you were in love. We deal with emotion too much. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
32) 8) dialog: So why don’t we go on ahead and be white then and make everything dry and abstract with no rhythm and no feeling for sheer sensual pleasure. Yes let’s go on and be white. We’re right in the middle of it. No use holding out holding onto ourselves. Let’s think our way outta feeling. Let’s abstract ourselves some families and maybe tonight. I’11 find a way to make myself come without him. No fingers or other objects just thought, which isn’t spiritual evolution.
32) 10) dialog: And don’t know who to say it to. The ladies come up the stairs. Gilda and
32) 18) dialog: No, let them stay where they are. My love is too beautiful to have thrown back on my face. (CONTINUED)
32) 24) dialog: Try one.
32) 26) dialog: I do this with the class. We say my love is too..., you fill that part in.
32) 32) dialog: And you remember that the next time some man tries to walk away with all your stuff.
32) 35) dialog: Get this, last week my ex came in saying,”I don’t know how she got your number baby”. I’m sorry.
32) 44) dialog: Something free.