11) 0) text: The apartment building is run down and dilapidated. Drunks and addicts fall out of apartment doors. We hear lots of yelling and noise as Nyla knocks on a door. A man opens the door as a pit bull barks in the doorway. He holds him tightly with a chain, as Nyla walks in. He looks at her and closes the door. Babies cry in the background. INT. ROSE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY A44
11) 2) dialog: You don't have a name girl. Nyla looked around the room. It doesn't look clean. She has great reservation. (CONTINUED)
11) 6) dialog: Come on. Sit there on the table. Come on girl. She stands there for a while as Rose goes on to something else. She pours bleach on the table and into a bucket.
11) 7) dialog: What are you still standing here for? Where’s my money? She hands her fifty dollars.
11) 8) dialog: Get on the table. She prepares her instruments. A train passes, seeming to be just outside the window. Nyla looks in the trash can and sees several empty vodka bottles. There are beer bottles on the counter and a half filled whiskey bottle sitting next to an empty glass with melting ice.
11) 9) dialog: I’ve done this a million times relax. Young girls get out there in the world and they have to come see me. That world is something. I useta live in the world then I moved to Harlem and my universe is now six blocks. Rose is pulling out all kinds of instruments that are not sterilized at all. She puts them in the bleach bucket.
11) 10) dialog: A tunnel with a train I can ride anywhere, remaining a stranger. Nyla looks at her confused. Then at the instruments.
11) 11) dialog: I could stay alone. A woman in the world then, but I moved to Harlem. I come in at dusk, stay close to the curb. Round midnight praying won’t no young man think I’m pretty. In a dark morning wouldn’t be good, not good at all to meet a tall short black brown young man fulla his power in the dark, in my universe of six blocks. Straight up brick walls women hanging outta windows like old silk stockings. Cats crying, children giggling. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
11) 15) dialog: A tavern with red curtains. Bad smells, kissing ladies smiling and dirt sidewalks spitting. Men cursing. Come here bitch. Can't you see this five dollars. I usedta live in the world. Really be in the world free and sweet talking. Good morning and thank you and nice day. Uh-huh I can’t now. I can’t be nice to nobody. Nice is such a rip-off. I usedta be in the world. A woman in the world I hadda right to the world. Then I moved to Harlem for the set-up of a universe six blocks of cruelty piled up on itself. A tunnel closing. Open your legs. INT. YASMINE’S APARTMENT -—- NIGHT 47.