0) 0) dialog: Dark phrases of womanhood, of never having been a girl. Half-note scattered without rhythm. INT. JUANITA’S APARTMENT — DAY 2 JUANITA a nurse dressed in green and relentless volunteer stands in the kitchen of her modest apartment watering a plant. She goes back to her table where she has several hundred flyers printed. The flyers read, “Free Clinic Seminars on Thursday”.
1) 121) dialog: Thank you. Alice looks at her. Then she looks at Bill.
1) 127) dialog: I guess I did. (CONTINUED)
1) 132) dialog: It’s so great. You should meet some of them they have so much hope. And they’re getting that from dance.
1) 134) dialog: I know, they excite me. You know most of my kids graduate from high school and go on to college.
1) 136) dialog: What?
1) 138) dialog: Bill I told you.
1) 140) dialog: I just got out of a bad relationship.
1) 142) dialog: I'm going to be late for my class.
1) 146) dialog: What?
1) 148) dialog: Ok, dinner tomorrow night.
1) 150) dialog: Ok. See ya tonight. The two go in different directions on the street.
1) 160) dialog: You better be talking about a ride to school.
1) 162) dialog: Have you done your warm ups?
1) 164) dialog: Great. Are you ready to begin. The girls say yes.
1) 165) dialog: Positions, from one. And two, and three and again. Nyla and spin. Nyla runs out of the room and onto the street.
1) 166) dialog: Keep doing your warm up girls.
2) 1) dialog: Are you ok? (CONTINUED)
2) 5) dialog: I think you’re just nervous about college and being on your own. I’ve seen this before. You’1l be fine. You're a smart girl. Come on I’‘1l get you a ginger ale. They walk and almost bump into Donald.
10) 2) dialog: My papa thought he was Puerto Rican & we would have been except we were just regular Negros wit hints of Spanish. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
10) 6) dialog: So off I made it to this 36 hour marathon dance con salsa con Ricardo ‘Suggggggggggar’ Ray on southern boulevard. It was up up up up up stairs and stairs and lotsa hallway wit my colored New Jersey self. Didn’t know what anybody was saying except if dancin waz proof of origin I was jibarita herself that nite. I kept smilin and right on steppin. If he could lead I waz ready to dance. If he couldn't lead I caught this attitude. I'd seen Rosa do and would not be bothered I waz twirlin hippin givin much quick feet and bein a mute cute colored Puerto Rican. Bill laughs. As we pan over to Joanna.
10) 28) dialog: I love dance more than I waz mad uh-huh, uh-huh, more than when I discovered Archie Shepp & subtle blues don't cha know I wore out the magic of juju heroically resisting being possessed. Oooccooc000000h the sounds sneakin in under age to slug’s to stare at'a real ‘artiste’ ans every word outta imamu’s mouth waz gospel. And if Jesus couldn't play a horn like Shepp wazn’t no need for colored folks to bear no cross at all and dance is my thank-you for music and I love you more than dance more than Aureliano Buendia loved macondo more than Hector Lavoe loved himself. More than the lady loved gardenias. More than Celia loves Cuba or Graciela loves el son more than the flamingoes love bein pretty. Te amo mas que te amo mas que, we’re here. I had the best time.
10) 30) dialog: Thank you.
10) 32) dialog: It's getting late.
10) 34) dialog: Good night. (CONTINUED)
10) 38) dialog: You know what? I had such a good time I will do that.
10) 40) dialog: Ok. Such a gentlemen. That's a good thing. Bye.
10) 190) dialog: Just a guy I had dinner with he's really nice. Can I help you with something.
10) 192) dialog: What are you talking about?
10) 194) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. The classes are free.
11) 19) dialog: Thanks.
11) 21) dialog: Me.
11) 23) dialog: No, I'm cooking a Cuban feast for you my friend.
11) 27) dialog: Stop it.
11) 30) dialog: Let me check the bread. You want wine?
11) 32) dialog: Bill come on, stop. We’re suppose to be having dinner.
11) 34) dialog: Bill...
11) 36) dialog: Put your clothes on.
11) 38) dialog: 
11) 41) dialog: No, no you've got it wrong. (CONTINUED)
11) 45) dialog: That’s not what I was thinking at all.... He grabs her and holds her around the waist tight.
11) 46) dialog: Stop it. He tries to kiss her.
11) 48) dialog: Stop it. He slams her against the wall holding her wrist over her head with one hand and kissing her on the neck, squarely on top of her.
18) 0) text: Yasmine sits on a bed with a white curtain pulled ina very busy hospital.
18) 2) dialog: In my apartment.
18) 4) dialog: He’s not a friend.
18) 6) dialog: No.
18) 8) dialog: I don't drink. A rapist doesn't have to be a stranger to be legitimate. Someone you never saw. But, if you’ve been in public with him, danced one dance, kissed him good-bye lightly with closed mouth. Pressing charges will hard be as hard as trying to keep your legs closed while five fools try to run a train on you. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
18) 11) dialog: These men friends of ours who smile nice stay employed and take us out to dinner. Lock the door behind you. And we are left with the scars being betrayed by men who know us. And expect like the stranger we always thought was coming that we will submit. We must have known. women relinquish all personal rights in the presence of a man who apparently could be considered a rapist especially if he has been considered a friend. And is no less worthy of being beat within an inch of his life. Being publicly ridiculed having two fists shoved up his ass. Then the stranger we always thought it would be who never showed up. Cause it turns out the nature of rape has changed. We can now meet them in circles we frequent for companionship. See them at the coffeehouse with someone else we know. We could even have them over for dinner. And get raped in our own houses by invitation.. Donald puts his pad and pen away and sits down. Renee stands near Donald.
21) 157) dialog: Once there were quadroon balls. Elegance in St. Louis laced mulattoes gambling down the Mississippi to Memphis, New Orleans and okra crepes near the bayou where the poor, white-trash would sing. Moaning strange liquid tones thru the swamps. She gets up and tries it again.
21) 158) dialog: Sechita had heard these things. She pushed the clinging delta dust with painted toes. The patch-work tent was polka-dotted. Stale lights snatched at the shadows. Creole Carnival waz playin Natchez. In ten minutes her splendid red garters gin-stained, became itchy on her thigh.
21) 163) dialog: Black diamond stockings darned wit yellow threads an ol starched taffeta can-can fell abundantly orange from her waist round the splinterin chair.
21) 165) dialog: Sechita Egyptian Goddess of creativity millennium threw her heavy hair in a coil over her neck. Sechita Goddess, the recording of history spread crimson oil on her cheeks, waxed her eyebrows and unconsciously slugged the last hard whiskey in the glass.
22) 1) dialog: The broken mirror she used to decorate her face made her forehead tilt backwards her cheeks appear sunken. Her sassy chin was just large enough to keep her full lower lip from growing into her neck.
22) 3) dialog: Sechita had learned to make allowances for distortions but the heavy dust of the delta left a tinge of grit and darkness on every one of her dresses. On her arms and her shoulders Sechita waz anxious to get back to St. Louis. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
22) 7) dialog: The dirt there didn't crawl from the earth into your soul. At least in St. Louis the grime waz store bought, second-second hand. Here in Natchez god seemed to be wipin his feet in her face.
23) 1) dialog: Sechita could hear redneck whoops and slappin on the back. She gathered her sparsely sequined skirts tugged the waist cincher from under her greyin slips and made her face immobile. She made her face like Nefertiti approaching her own tomb.
23) 4) dialog: She suddenly threw her leg full force thru the canvas curtain. A deceptive glass stone sparkled malignant on her ankle her calf was tauntin in the brazen carnie lights the full moon. Sechita goddess of love Egypt millenium performin the rites the conjuring of men, conjuring the spirit in Natchez the Mississippi spewed a heavy fume of barley. Movin waters Sechita’s legs slashed furiously thru the cracker nite and gold pieces hittin the makeshift stage her thighs they were aimin coins tween her thighs. Sechita Egypt goddess harmony kicked viciously thru the nite catchin stars tween her toes. There is a knock at the door. She stops cold and looks at it. She sees Donald flash his badge. She talks to him through the door. (CONTINUED)
23) 8) dialog: Yes?
24) 0) text: Yasmine stands in front of a glass window. Donald motions for the doctor to uncover the body. Renee stands with Yasmine.
24) 2) dialog: Yes. What happened to him?
24) 4) dialog: I guess so.
32) 23) dialog: Oh, I like that.
32) 25) dialog: What?
32) 31) dialog: My love is too music to have thrown back on my face.