7) 26) dialog: Nice to meet you. Goes right back to texting.
8) 0) text: The pool area is lavish, complete with jacuzzi, fireplace dance area, and outdoor bar. A sea of PARTY PEOPLE mill about: lounging, swimming, drinking. It’s LA incarnate. Candice leads the girls towards the jacuzzi.
8) 3) text: Club soda. Make it a double. He smiles and heads off with Terry. Denise and Candice lay out their towels and disrobe. Elai watches them reveal their flawless bodies. She caresses h stomach for a moment.
10) 3) dialog: And what is it you do? Elaine sits on the edge of the jacuzzi, legs dipping in.
10) 5) dialog: Anything I’d know?
10) 8) dialog: Is there any money in that?
10) 10) dialog: That’s important, especially ina fading profession.
10) 13) dialog: Where’s my cosmo? Terry cringes, shrugs. Candice pretends she isn’t enraged CANDICE (CONT’D) Denise? Denise bites her lip. Nods.
12) 0) text: The vibe is festive. Dancing guests have overflowed into lounge area. Terry and Candice move sensually to the musi Ryan and Denise stand by the edge of the dance area.
13) 0) text: It’s a total scene. Models. Rockers. Power nerds. Drinkin Dancing. Smoking on the patio. The music plays loud. The L-shaped COUCH is packed, shoulder to shoulder. Ryan sits with a pouch of tobacco, rolling a cigarette on Candice’s fashion magazine. He’s pressed against Elaine.
17) 0) text: The noise is audible. The door swings open. Candice stand there, looking up and down at Oliver.
17) 2) dialog: From who? The building’s half empty. Oliver lets out a polite laugh.
17) 4) dialog: Fine. Candice purses her lips in a KISS and shuts the door. Oliver is left shaking his head.
20) 0) text: With the light glowing through the slits of the window blinds, the building begins to SHAKE. Candice doesn’t even look up.
20) 1) dialog: Earthquake? Terry rolls over.
25) 11) dialog: (Annoyed) Are you guys fucking serious? Candice walks out to see: Terry lying over Jarrod. His veins bulging, covered in sw breathing like he just ran a marathon. CANDICE (CONT’D) (Shocked) Oh my God, what’s wrong with him? Elaine pushes Terry out of the way, jumping to Jarrod’s a His eyes are squeezed shut, jaw clenched.
25) 14) dialog: What happened? Terry looks out the balcony door. It’s dark now. Hazy.
27) 3) dialog: Somebody's had a little too much to drink.
27) 27) dialog: (Dismissive) Really? Terry ignores her. Candice shakes her head. Dials 911 aga Jarrod grabs Denise’s CAMERA off the counter. Looks throu the zoom lens. His gears are turning.
30) 0) text: Candice paces back and forth. Phone attached to her ear.
30) 1) dialog: Just keeps ringing. Elaine nods, looking down at her iPhone - dialing her MOM with similar results. She turns on the TV. It displays th default “Acquiring Signal” graphic. Satellite interferenc
36) 0) text: Elaine sits huddled next to Jarrod as Candice and Denise scrub through the PHOTOS on her CAMERA’S LCD DISPLAY. Terry paces back and forth. Eyes determined.
36) 5) dialog: I can’t believe... I mean, how?
39) 0) text: Denise walks over to the table where Candice sits alone, smoking a long, skinny CIGARETTE.
39) 1) dialog: Did you think you two were going to live happily ever after?
39) 3) dialog: Please. You're just the weekend party. Candice laughs out smoke. Ashes her butt. MUFFLED GUN SHOTS ring out. Coming down the hall. Jarrod and Elaine hurry into the room.
39) 11) dialog: Then let’s just go!
39) 15) dialog: It’s a two minute drive.
43) 0) text: Terry and Candice crack open their eyes and look around. He peaks around the corner to see the now full DRONE dock back onto HYDRA as it flies up over the roof. He darts to the control panel, mashing the button. MRRV. The blinds close. Darkness envelops the penthouse.
47) 2) dialog: (to Elaine and Jarrod) Let's go.
47) 4) dialog: Driving. I know the way. (points to Denise) You can take the slut. Denise frowns. Candice gives Terry a cold, knowing stare.
47) 6) dialog: (to Elaine and Jarrod) Come on. Terry watches Candice lead them away.
49) 0) text: The Ferrari zips backward, out of the parking spot. Terry pulls up to meet Candice behind the wheel of the Mercedes. Jarrod rides shotgun. Elaine in back.
49) 2) dialog: Got it. Candice looks to Denise then back to Terry. He pulls away
50) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine watch intently, following the Ferrari through the FIRST SECURITY GATE.
56) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine SCREAM in horror. 49.
58) 0) text: Candice can’t believe her eyes.
58) 1) dialog: Oh my God!
62) 0) text: Candice and Elaine SCREAM at the top of their lungs. Terry is RIPPED BACKWARDS, slamming into the TANKER’S CLA His body SNAPS, SWALLOWED through an ORIFICE in its PALM.
62) 1) dialog: (screaming) No!
64) 0) text: The Mercedes screeches backwards. Candice turns and pops the car back into DRIVE, skidding halt in front of the second gate. They zoom past the COUPLE, running back from the entrance
65) 0) text: Candice mashes the button. The gate slowly OPENS.
65) 1) dialog: Come on, you piece of shit! AN OTHERWORLDLY HUM reverberates through the garage.
69) 0) text: Candice steers blindly. Weaves through the garage. SLAM! The car collides with a pillar. Air bags deploy. Jarrod pushes the air bag out of his face.
70) 0) text: Candice reaches an EXIT DOOR. LOCKED. She bangs hard.
70) 1) dialog: Somebody! Please! Jarrod and Elaine catch up. Jarrod throws his weight at t door. No luck. Elaine looks for another way to go. But they’re cornered, the DRONE coming straight for them. A SHRIEK ECHOES through the garage.
71) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine barrel up the stairs, stopping the last landing. The final flight of stairs leads UP and to the POOL AREA.
71) 1) dialog: Did you see that? It ripped his God damn brain out! Oliver and the Wife join them. Candice looks away.
72) 0) text: At the top of the stairs. The coast is clear. Candice leads them around the fireplace. She suddenly stops. Frozen in terror, they slowly look to the right. In the rear plaza of the adjacent REGATTA BUILDING... A massive figure lurks behind the trees. It stops moving. And turns slowly towards the group. THE TANKER TOWERS OVER THEM, glaring menacingly. A long, terrifying pause as they stare each other down.
72) 5) dialog: It’s locked!
72) 7) dialog: Open the fucking door- Oliver throws his shoulder into it. Again and again. Jarrod joins Oliver. Both of them lunging at the door, breaking it open. 57. They explode through, spilling out onto the ground.
74) 0) text: Candice crashes on the couch. Elaine catches her breath. Oliver swiftly moves through the condo. Checks all the ro
76) 0) text: They exit to the bathroom, arm in arm, to see Candice bawling. They join her on the couch. Hanging their heads. Oliver is on the Telescope. Pans quickly. Erratic.
78) 5) dialog: Yeah... thanks... thank you. Oliver doesn’t respond. Just locks eyes with her in an intense gaze that she slowly shrinks away from.
78) 15) dialog: Given the circumstances, I think a smoke is more than reasonable.
78) 17) dialog: From the moment you stepped foot in here, you've been a total drag-
78) 20) dialog: Why don’t you leave then?
78) 22) dialog: What’s wrong with you people?
78) 34) dialog: I’m sorry... I didn’t know-
81) 3) dialog: You sure? He nods. Oliver accepts his with a smile, the irony of the moment lost on him.
81) 6) dialog: Double espresso? Elaine stares at her for a moment. CANDICE (CONT’D) Just kidding. They share a laugh.
81) 8) dialog: (Nods with a smile) I know. Everything I love is off limits. She takes a sip. Slowly realizing she probably never will
82) 0) text: Jarrod stands in the doorway. Over Terry's bed is a PAINTING of an angelic face on a bl background. Jarrod stares at it. Tears welling in his eye 66. Candice enters behind him. They exchange a look.
82) 3) dialog: It was his favorite, you know. Jarrod chokes up a little. Looks her in the eyes. CANDICE (CONT’D) Terry could be such an asshole. But I loved him. Everyone did. They stand there for a moment. Looking at Jarrod’s painti WHOMP. WHOMP. They turn, ducking down as a HYDRA whooshes past the building. Holding their breath. Watching intently. And then.. The HYDRA moves on. The sound of the FREQUENCY fades away
84) 0) text: Elaine and Candice are splayed across the couch. Jarrod lays across two chairs. Oliver sleeps on a seat be the Telescope. It’s completely silent. Almost peaceful. Then... A FAINT BOOM is heard in the distance. 67. The building RATTLES a bit. They wake with a start. Jarrod and Oliver look around, listening. MORE EXPLOSIONS sound off in the night.
86) 0) text: Everyone assumes their positions. Oliver at the telescope Candice on the couch. Elaine by the fireplace. Only Jarrod paces back and forth.
86) 26) dialog: It’s about time. Oliver pans the telescope over. Everyone GASPS. HUNDREDS OF HYDRA ships swarm, blotting out the sky.
86) 36) dialog: I‘1l take your word for it. Jarrod steps between Oliver and Elaine.
88) 4) dialog: I’m not going anywhere.
89) 9) dialog: Where are they going? They turn to look across as the Chopper RISES UP, taking flight. Jarrod watches in vain before spotting... The THREE SOLDIERS quickly and efficiently move across th rooftop into spotting positions.
90) 8) dialog: Shit! Candice runs over. Struggles to reattach the blanket. Oliver looks to the exposed window, pissed off, then back Jarrod.
90) 34) dialog: (to Oliver) You're just gonna let them leave? Jarrod and Elaine run for the door. Jarrod tosses the bookshelf out of the way. He swings the door open. Looks back to Oliver one last time.
93) 0) text: Oliver stubs out his cigarette. Notices a red ring on the filter. His lip is bleeding. Candice looks towards the Regatta roof.
93) 1) dialog: Do you think they’1l help them?
96) 0) text: TELESCOPE POV: Clumsily panning up along the building nex door’s rooftop. The SOLDIERS stand out in the open, an ARGUMENT taking place between them. It’s getting heated. Suddenly there’s a flash of movement. Candice looks up, then back into the eye piece. She aims telescope over. Then stops. Twitches for a moment. VEINS protrude across her body.
97) 0) text: Oliver runs out of the master bedroom to see: CANDICE standing on the patio. SIREN LIGHT pouring over h face.
107) 0) text: Oliver shuffles a CIGARETTE out of Candice’s pack. Standing behind the stove counter top. He turns on the ga Holds the cigarette in his mouth. One last smoke. Oliver lifts the LIGHTER to his face. About to spark it. CRASH! The TANKER’S CLAW smashes through the WINDOWS. Its massive TENDRIL sails right past Oliver’s head. He falls back. The LIGHTER scatters across the floor.