1) 0) text: The room is bathed in an EERIE BRIGHT LIGHT. Jarrod has t shield his eyes just to see. DENISE is crouched on the sofa, pure fear on her face.
1) 2) dialog: He’s gone! Turning to his left, Jarrod peers through the open BALCON DOOR at the strangely beautiful light shining from outsid Jarrod’s HANDS fall to his side, VEINS BULGING outwards. knuckles go white. His pupils as big as quarters and blac night. WHOMP. WHOMP. The FREQUENCY drowns out everything, filli Jarrod’s head with a mesmerizing rhythm, pushing him forw as the LIGHT FLARES OVER HIM.
7) 4) dialog: Cute pic. You must be Jarrod. Denise leans forward, kissing both of Jarrod’s cheeks.
7) 5) dialog: Denise.
7) 7) dialog: Kisses on the west coast. Denise kisses her on each cheek.
7) 8) dialog: Terry’s around here somewhere. Elaine looks around the penthouse. Her eyes widen. She mo towards a pop art PAINTING. A sexy girl with a gun. DENISE (0.S.) (CONT’D) Mojito’s okay? Elaine turns. Works from the SAME ARTIST are everywhere.
7) 11) dialog: Aren’t they amazing? Like Andy Warhol meets Jack Kirby. Cheers. The three clink glasses. Jarrod and Denise imbibe.
7) 12) dialog: Hey you! Denise recognizes another PARTY GOER and wanders off. Elaine rolls her eyes. Turns to hand Jarrod her untouched drink. He gives her a knowing grin.
8) 3) text: Club soda. Make it a double. He smiles and heads off with Terry. Denise and Candice lay out their towels and disrobe. Elai watches them reveal their flawless bodies. She caresses h stomach for a moment.
10) 0) text: Denise has her feet in the Jacuzzi. Scanning the crowd wi her camera. Focuses on Jarrod at the bar. Clicks away.
10) 1) dialog: So how did you guys meet?
10) 7) dialog: Cool. I’m a photographer, you know-
10) 14) dialog: Anyone else? No takers. She pulls herself out and sulks towards the ba 11. Jarrod sits down next to Elaine, legs soaking in the wate
12) 0) text: The vibe is festive. Dancing guests have overflowed into lounge area. Terry and Candice move sensually to the musi Ryan and Denise stand by the edge of the dance area.
12) 3) dialog: I’m perfect. She downs her cosmo. Smiles with a drunken gaze.
12) 4) dialog: You're fun. Denise moves closer to Jarrod. Yelling into his ear.
12) 5) dialog: We don’t get ones like you out here.
15) 5) dialog: Oh. Sorry. She quickly leaves the room. Elaine turns to Jarrod.
18) 0) text: Terry shuts the door on the last guests. Ryan and Denise still zoning on the couch. Ryan scuttles closer to her.
18) 1) dialog: Uh, uh. I call couch.
18) 3) dialog: I like my space. Denise shoots Terry a ‘come hither’ glance. But he walks towards the windows and hits the CONTROL PANEL. MRRV! The state of the art WINDOW BLINDS automatically cl The last bit of light disappears from the living room. TITLE: DAY ONE - 3:50 A.M. 20.
21) 0) text: A shirtless Ryan sits up from the shag. Even with the bli shut, it’s far brighter in here. Ryan nudges Denise awake
21) 3) dialog: Turn off the lights... She slowly turns back to see the DISTENDED VEINS stretchi across his back like a spiderweb.
21) 4) dialog: (Raising her voice) Ryan... oh my God... He slides OPEN THE DOOR, flooding the room in radiance. Denise instinctively shields her eyes, backing away.
21) 5) dialog: What are you- WHOMP. WHOMP. The FREQUENCY fills the air. A haunting mel
24) 1) dialog: Ryan! 22.
25) 2) dialog: He’s gone! Turning to his left, Jarrod looks out through the open BALCONY DOOR. The brilliant light washes over him.
25) 3) dialog: Jarrod, no! Denise grabs Jarrod by the arm. Terry charges across the living room to see his friend, v bulging, eyes fully dilated.
25) 5) dialog: Stop him- Jarrod tears away from Denise. The FREQUENCY drowns everything out as Jarrod moves forwa finally stepping outside, SIREN LIGHT FLARING OVER HIM. But he’s pulled back in by Terry.
25) 8) dialog: Don't! Terry wrestles Jarrod down to the floor, into the shadows the upward arcing light. 23.
25) 18) dialog: No! Don’t!
26) 0) text: There’s a thick HAZE in the air. He can barely see the st lights below. Denise rushes out and pulls on Terry. Imploring.
26) 1) dialog: Please! Come back inside!
27) 0) text: Denise slams the door shut behind them. Closes the blinds
27) 2) dialog: Ryan... went out there. To the light. And... he just. Disappeared.
27) 10) dialog: Wait, stop for-
27) 22) dialog: I can’t believe you’re all just ignoring me... Denise begins CRYING. Elaine comforts her.
30) 3) dialog: I've looked everywhere online. No news since 4 AM.
30) 5) dialog: A few people... All asking the same questions.
35) 0) text: They burst through the front door. A shaking Jarrod lays Elaine down. She writhes in his arms, slowly coming back consciousness. Denise rushes to help. Holding Elaine’s head up. Terry runs to the freezer, pulls out a bag of ice. Jarrod applies it to Elaine’s forehead. His hands tremble. 34.
35) 6) dialog: What happened up there?! No one answers. Terry rubs his nose anxiously. Jarrod finally hands the CAMERA over to Denise.
36) 0) text: Elaine sits huddled next to Jarrod as Candice and Denise scrub through the PHOTOS on her CAMERA’S LCD DISPLAY. Terry paces back and forth. Eyes determined.
36) 1) dialog: Oh my God... They stare at a close up of a WOMAN flying through the ai 35.
39) 0) text: Denise walks over to the table where Candice sits alone, smoking a long, skinny CIGARETTE.
39) 2) dialog: What? Turns the Camera’s DISPLAY towards Denise. It shows a PHO of Denise and Terry in a compromising position.
41) 0) text: Denise cowers on the floor. Light dances over and around
48) 0) text: Terry hops the door into the driver's seat. Denise gets i
48) 1) dialog: Terry. I’m sorry. I- Terry starts the engine, unleashing a guttural GROWL. He turns to stare coldly at Denise. Puts it into reverse.
54) 0) text: Terry looks back to see the Mercedes pull up behind him. takes a deep breath. Looks to Denise.
57) 0) text: Terry looks up with wide eyes. He scampers to his feet. The Tanker REARS UP ON ITS HIND LEGS. Enormous. Terrifyin The Ferrari wreckage shakes off its claw, crashing to the ground to reveal: DENISE’S MANGLED BODY strewn across its knuckles.