0) 0) text: A COUPLE sleeps on a king size bed. The valley in the thousand count sheets between them is noticeably wide. A strange LIGHT streaks through the closed blinds of the floor-to-ceiling WINDOWS lining the wall beside the bed. Shadows dance over their faces. She stirs. Her name is ELAINE, 20s, a natural beauty.
0) 1) dialog: How’s it morning already? JARROD rolls over. 20s, thin and darkly handsome. The clo reads: 3:50 A.M. He throws a pillow over his head.
0) 5) dialog: Jarrod...
0) 7) dialog: No, look! Then the building starts SHAKING. He rubs the hangover out of his eyes to see the lights co from behind the blinds. That is weird. He gets up, moving towards the windows. Raising his hand, he begins to open the blinds when- WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Ryan... oh my God... Her shout comes from the LIVING ROOM.
0) 10) dialog: What’s going on?
2) 2) dialog: (playful) Oh yeah. Breathtaking. He leans over and looks out her window: TACO BELL, KFC, C CASHING, etc.
2) 4) dialog: The Phantom certainly fits the part. They laugh. Look around the car.
2) 6) dialog: I know, I’m afraid to touch anything. Jarrod stretches his arm across the seat. Pulls her in c
2) 8) dialog: If you break it you buy it. She playfully pushes him off. But he leans in and kisses tenderly.
5) 0) text: Before the LIMO DRIVER can even step out, Jarrod swings h door open. He takes Elaine’s hand, helping her out. Toget they look up at the Cove, taking it in. The Limo Driver places a overnight bag on the walk way, a extends the handle. He hands Jarrod a tattered duffel bag Jarrod grabs his wallet, chained to his pants. Thumbs thr three crumpled twenties, a five and lots of singles.
5) 4) dialog: (Smiling) Wow. He lives in a hotel?
7) 0) text: Elaine and Jarrod emerge from the elevator bank, almost bumping into a group of bikini clad GIRLS - early 20s.
7) 2) text: The living room, kitchen and lounge are a MASSIVE OPEN RO A marvel of European design. The floor to ceiling windows offer a panoramic view of Los Angeles’ skyline. Jarrod and Elaine wander through the crowd, looking lost.
7) 9) dialog: I thought you sold these.
7) 22) text: Terry. And you must be the one and only Elaine. With that he kisses her hand. Elaine can’t help but smile
7) 23) dialog: Thank you so much for the ride.
10) 2) dialog: Believe it or not, my boss set us up. 10. Elaine takes off her T-shirt, revealing a modest, yet flattering bikini. Her body is curvy. Sexy.
10) 4) dialog: Publishing.
10) 6) dialog: It’s a small firm. Mostly art books.
10) 9) dialog: It pays the bills. And I love it.
10) 11) dialog: Well, nothing last forever, right?
10) 16) dialog: I don’t know, I kinda like having four seasons.
11) 0) text: The party has stepped up a notch. Scantily clad WOMEN min with well dressed MEN. Terry leads Jarrod and Elaine through the crowd.
11) 7) dialog: We'll keep that in mind. Excuse me. She shoots Jarrod a cool glance before leaving.
11) 8) dialog: Gotta use the little girl’s room.
12) 7) dialog: No thanks. 15.
12) 9) dialog: How about a dance instead? Elaine takes the lead. Ryan happily tries to keep up. Jarrod and Elaine’s eyes meet. After a long beat, she sti her tongue out at him. Jarrod cracks a big smile.
13) 0) text: It’s a total scene. Models. Rockers. Power nerds. Drinkin Dancing. Smoking on the patio. The music plays loud. The L-shaped COUCH is packed, shoulder to shoulder. Ryan sits with a pouch of tobacco, rolling a cigarette on Candice’s fashion magazine. He’s pressed against Elaine.
13) 2) dialog: But don’t you need one out here?
13) 5) dialog: Hey twinkle toes. How are you feeling? He sits down next to Elaine. Spills some on her sleeve.
13) 7) dialog: No worries. She gives him a frustrated look as he pats down her sleev 16. Ryan gets up and slides open the PATIO DOOR. Looks to Ela
13) 9) dialog: No thanks, trying to cut down.
14) 0) text: SMOKE wafts through the air. Jarrod hands the butt to Rya There’s a handful of other SMOKERS on the patio with them Through the patio glass door: Elaine blows off the Douche storms into the guest bedroom, slamming the door behind h
15) 0) text: Elaine storms into the bedroom. Grabs the bathroom door handle. It’s locked. VOICES inside. Camera FLASHES reveal silhouette of entwined BODIES through the FROSTED GLASS. Jarrod enters the room. Shuts the door behind him.
15) 2) dialog: You come on. It’s like you've already decided for both of us.
15) 4) dialog: I’m not talking about California! The bathroom door swings OPEN. Denise sloppily emerges.
15) 6) dialog: I am trying to deal with this and you're getting wasted, leaving me with total strangers. Is a little consideration too much to ask? Jarrod runs his hands through his hair. Feeling guilty.
15) 8) dialog: And what about me Jarrod? My career, my body...
15) 12) dialog: Great. Is that what we have to look forward to? 18.
15) 14) dialog: What about you? Ever been “that way?”
15) 16) dialog: People change. Especially in L.A. With that she steps in the bathroom and closes the door.
19) 0) text: The strange LIGHT streaks through the closed blinds. Shadows dance over Elaine and Jarrod’s face. She stirs.
19) 1) dialog: How’s it morning already? He barely registers. Looks at the clock: 3:50 A.M.
25) 7) dialog: Jarrod? But Denise wraps her arms around Elaine, holding her back
25) 9) dialog: What the... Elaine looks out to see the hint of
25) 12) dialog: It’s okay. I’m right here. He finally eases up, looking back like he’s blind.
25) 13) dialog: Jarrod? Baby, can you see me? He shakes his head, everything is a blur. Still trying to catch his breath.
25) 15) dialog: Please, please be-
27) 4) dialog: Then explain what happened to him. Jarrod looks up, still disoriented.
27) 23) dialog: Jarrod, you can’t go out there.
27) 25) dialog: A gun?
27) 29) dialog: Hurry back.
30) 2) dialog: Perfect. Denise is curled up on the couch, searching on her iPhone
30) 4) dialog: What about Facebook, Twitter?
30) 6) dialog: Someone has to know about this. Elaine stands before the Telescope. Takes a deep breath. TELESCOPE POV: She passes over a neighborhood in the distance. Hundreds of flailing SHADOWS rise from the grou
30) 7) dialog: Oh my God... Shocked, she turns and darts towards the front door.
35) 0) text: They burst through the front door. A shaking Jarrod lays Elaine down. She writhes in his arms, slowly coming back consciousness. Denise rushes to help. Holding Elaine’s head up. Terry runs to the freezer, pulls out a bag of ice. Jarrod applies it to Elaine’s forehead. His hands tremble. 34.
35) 2) dialog: My head feels like it’s on fire.
35) 4) dialog: You looked again? Jarrod sees the VEINS on his arms are BULGING as well.
35) 5) dialog: But how...? Jarrod doesn’t know what to say. An oblivious Denise lets out a huge sigh of relief.
36) 0) text: Elaine sits huddled next to Jarrod as Candice and Denise scrub through the PHOTOS on her CAMERA’S LCD DISPLAY. Terry paces back and forth. Eyes determined.
36) 2) dialog: All of those people... The next photo shows the SHIP swallowing entire columns o humans. Elaine stares at it hard.
36) 3) dialog: What do they do with them?
36) 7) dialog: Controls you. Elaine and Jarrod lock eyes. Putting things together.
36) 8) dialog: Who wouldn’t stare at something so beautiful? Then... Terry doesn’t like the sound of it.
36) 9) dialog: It’s kind of genius actually.
36) 11) dialog: At least I’m trying to piece it together.
36) 14) dialog: What do you mean? Terry heads for the front door.
37) 0) text: Elaine puts on her sweater. Her hands rest on her stomach a moment. Concern on her face. She heads to the door. She stops. BZZZ. BZ2ZZ. Elaine's eyes widen. She pulls her iPhone out of her pock The display reads MOM. She picks up.
37) 1) dialog: Mom? A FEMALE VOICE answers. Bad connection. Cutting in and ou 37.
37) 3) dialog: (whispering) Yeah mom. It’s me. Are you okay?
37) 5) dialog: Mom, please listen to me, you have to stay inside!
37) 7) dialog: Mom!!! Elaine hears her mother’s BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM!
37) 8) dialog: Mom? Elaine pulls the phone away from her ear. After a moment, the frequency begins to fade. Elaine is shaking. She puts her ear to the phone and list It’s not disconnected. Just nobody on the other end.
37) 9) dialog: (louder) Mom? Silence.
37) 10) dialog: (screaming) Mom! She throws her phone against the wall in anger. Jarrod storms into the room, rushing over to her. 38.
37) 12) dialog: They took my mother! Jarrod stares into her eyes. Steps towards her again.
37) 14) dialog: They took her... She walks away. Inconsolable.
39) 8) dialog: What?
39) 12) dialog: Hold on a second. Am I the only one who saw those photos? That’s going on right outside. Right now. They’re everywhere-
39) 14) dialog: It didn’t take very long for them to find you on the roof.
39) 16) dialog: We have no idea what they’re capable of.
40) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine are huddled behind the island, covered shadow. Watching the light move towards the kitchen.
42) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine hold each other as the light vanishes. The HYDRA’s hum fades off.
44) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine stand up as Terry approaches.
44) 3) dialog: I don’t want any of this. But, it didn’t see us... if we stay quiet- Terry can’t believe what he’s hearing.
44) 6) dialog: Jarrod...
44) 8) dialog: Now. But- 45.
46) 0) text: The crew files in. Terry hits the button labeled Pl. The elevator descends. All eyes fixated on the floor disp A faint BOOM is heard. The elevator RATTLES. Lights FLICK Jarrod pulls Elaine closer. The floor display reads: 5... 4... 3... Terry readies himself. Aims at the door. DING. Display reads: Pl. The doors open. Silence. Nothing but row after row of luxury cars.
49) 0) text: The Ferrari zips backward, out of the parking spot. Terry pulls up to meet Candice behind the wheel of the Mercedes. Jarrod rides shotgun. Elaine in back.
50) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine watch intently, following the Ferrari through the FIRST SECURITY GATE.
52) 0) text: Jarrod looks at the couple. Then back to Elaine.
56) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine SCREAM in horror. 49.
60) 2) dialog: Jarrod!!! 50.
62) 0) text: Candice and Elaine SCREAM at the top of their lungs. Terry is RIPPED BACKWARDS, slamming into the TANKER’S CLA His body SNAPS, SWALLOWED through an ORIFICE in its PALM.
63) 1) dialog: (Through the window) Jarrod! Get your ass in here! He snaps out of it as: The TENDRILS LASH OUT AGAIN. Just short of his foot. He scrambles back into the Merced INT. MERCEDES —- CONTINUOUS The TENDRILS whip around again, slamming down on the hood with a CRUNCH!
63) 2) dialog: Back up! Candice throws the car into REVERSE and slams the gas ped 51.
64) 1) dialog: (Yells out the window) Get back inside!
69) 2) dialog: I'm alright. Candice fumbles with her seat belt. Jumps out of the car.
71) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine barrel up the stairs, stopping the last landing. The final flight of stairs leads UP and to the POOL AREA.
72) 1) dialog: Run! Candice leads as the group tears ass around the patio. The Tanker REARS UP on its hind legs, bellowing an awful CRY before smashing down onto all fours and giving chase. The Wife stumbles. Oliver pulls her up.
74) 0) text: Candice crashes on the couch. Elaine catches her breath. Oliver swiftly moves through the condo. Checks all the ro
75) 0) text: Jarrod splashes water on his face. But his tears continue fall. He looks up in the mirror to see Elaine behind him.
75) 2) dialog: I’m so sorry... Her hands go the still bubbling veins on his arms. Jarrod looks down as well. 58.
75) 3) dialog: When I saw that light, I couldn't stand up for five minutes. She looks into his eyes.
75) 4) dialog: How are you doing this? He looks away. Unsure of what to say.
78) 3) dialog: I’m okay. Jarrod sits next to her, taking her hand. Tries to be sto Oliver sits across from them. Takes off his uniform jacke His dress shirt opens. A GOLD CROSS dangles from his neck
78) 4) dialog: Thanks again. You really saved our asses. Jarrod nods in approval. Candice dries her tears. Choking back sobs. 60.
78) 12) dialog: He’s right. Somebody has to... This can’t go on forever, right? They sit in silence. Not wanting to contemplate the answe Candice lights a cigarette. She blows the smoke forward. Tears still are running down her face. Elaine is disgusted. She gets up. Heads for the Guest bedroom.
78) 14) dialog: I can’t- the smoke-
78) 16) dialog: I never said- 61.
78) 18) dialog: And you've been a total bitch! Jarrod puts his arm around Elaine.
78) 23) dialog: I’m pregnant, alright? Candice exhales. Realization hitting her.
78) 24) dialog: Between all of... the stress... and... I just thought smoke is the last thing...
78) 26) dialog: I... never even got to tell my mom. Oliver watches them intently. Visibly moved. A puff of sm passes his face. He turns to see Candice taking another d
78) 33) dialog: (To herself) I fucking hate L.A. Elaine looks across the couch to a tear stained Candice. Elaine sighs and takes a blanket over to her.
78) 35) dialog: It’s okay. I didn’t really either. They share a smile. Then lie down on opposite ends of the couch. FADE OUT.
81) 7) dialog: God forbid you ever get knocked up.
84) 0) text: Elaine and Candice are splayed across the couch. Jarrod lays across two chairs. Oliver sleeps on a seat be the Telescope. It’s completely silent. Almost peaceful. Then... A FAINT BOOM is heard in the distance. 67. The building RATTLES a bit. They wake with a start. Jarrod and Oliver look around, listening. MORE EXPLOSIONS sound off in the night.
84) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
84) 7) dialog: What’s happening?
86) 0) text: Everyone assumes their positions. Oliver at the telescope Candice on the couch. Elaine by the fireplace. Only Jarrod paces back and forth.
86) 11) dialog: I can’t believe you'd even suggest this after what happened.
86) 13) dialog: I was practically begging. But you wouldn't listen to me.
86) 22) dialog: What was that? Oliver hustles to the TELESCOPE. He pans across the sky, struggling to find the source of the sound. Jarrod picks up the remote. Looks at Elaine. She doesn’t protest this time. He turns on the TV. Everyone watches t telescope feed on the screen to see: MILITARY PREDATOR DRONES.
86) 24) dialog: The light... it’s not stopping them...
86) 31) dialog: Jarrod! He stops short, looks back at her. Slowly peers around to the MUSHROOM CLOUD over DOWNTOWN. The Westchester BLUFFS shielded them from the brunt of the blast.
86) 34) dialog: I don’t believe it. Turns to Jarrod and Candice.
86) 35) dialog: You want to see? Tears of joy well up in Candice’s eyes. She shakes her he
86) 39) dialog: Do you think there’s more where those guys came from? 73. For a long beat Jarrod pans across the wreckage.
86) 42) dialog: Are you alright? Jarrod just shakes his head. A concerned Oliver bends over to peer through the scope. TELESCOPE POV: The MOTHERSHIP is strewn across the hills with HUNDREDS OF TANKERS, HYDRAS, and DRONES spilling fro its fractured HULL.
86) 43) dialog: What... what is it? Jarrod looks at her.
87) 0) text: Jarrod packs his duffel bag. Elaine enters, devastated from the totality of the situat She watches him packing her things into his bag as well.
87) 1) dialog: (Frightened) What are you doing? He stops, looks up at her.
88) 0) text: Jarrod walks out, bag in hand. Elaine follows.
88) 7) dialog: But you saw what’s out there-
88) 9) dialog: I don't- A RUMBLING SOUND reverberates from outside the windows. Everyone stops in their tracks. The sound grows louder. Jarrod moves towards the windows. Follows the sound into
90) 2) dialog: What if they don’t come back?
90) 4) dialog: Look what happened to those planes. What good is a helicopter?
90) 12) dialog: How can you be so sure?
90) 14) dialog: Stop! Oliver steps in between them.
90) 18) dialog: Stop it, both of you!
90) 23) dialog: Jarrod! 79. Oliver looks to Elaine.
90) 27) dialog: Get off of me! Elaine beats her hands against his back.
90) 33) dialog: I am with you. He caresses her cheek. They embrace and kiss. Oliver hangs his head. Jarrod stares back at Oliver.
92) 3) dialog: Okay, let’s go. Jarrod leads her crouching under the helipad. They move towards the COOLING SYSTEM. Staying low and kee covered.
94) 0) text: In the distance, the MOTHER SHIP continues to REBUILD. Jarrod and Elaine crouch along the south edge of the roof just twenty yards away from the Regatta Building. Jarrod slowly rises up, peeking over the railing.
94) 1) dialog: (whispers) Do you see anyone? Jarrod’s eyes scan the neighboring rooftop to see A SOLDI with an RPG on his shoulder.
94) 5) dialog: Please... We need help. The Soldiers trade looks. One picks up his RADIO. Eyes trained on Elaine. Calls something in but we can’t hear i The RADIO SQUAWKS back. Muffled conversation between the Soldiers gives way to debate. All in MOS. Accusations fly back and forth as TWO of the SOLDIERS STA OFF with each other, FINGERS POINTING.
98) 0) text: Elaine and Jarrod stand with their arms still raised as t SOLDIERS ARGUE amongst each other on the neighboring roof
100) 0) text: Jarrod falls atop of Elaine, instinctively shielding her. They share a look. Then slowly rise up. On the Regatta Roof, the RPG SOLDIER meets their gaze.
102) 0) text: The TWO Remaining Soldiers reload their weapons. Elaine and Jarrod stand in shock for a moment. Behind them, the now REBUILT MOTHERSHIP hovers towards th Before they can even process it, the building starts to S VIOLENTLY.
102) 1) dialog: Jarrod!?
104) 0) text: Elaine helps Jarrod to his feet. He reaches down for the Jarrod and Elaine grab each other by the hand.
106) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine hustle towards the ROOF DOOR when: BOOM! BOOM! They look out to see an AIRCRAFT CARRIER on t COAST LINE. Navy warships are fighting the Hydra. The entire skyline is filled with the unfolding battle. Our last stand. But they don’t have time to watch. Elaine opens the roof door to see: THE SAVAGE DRONE from the garage - a long SCAR across its body - moving right for them. Elaine turns and slams the door but its TENDRIL slips thr the open crack, wrapping around her waist. SIREN LIGHT seeps through the bullet holes as Jarrod and Elaine push back against the door. Jarrod slams the AXE down, chopping the TENDRIL off. The Drone HOWLS! Elaine throws the severed tendril to the ground.
107) 4) dialog: Oh my God... The dying DRONE whips its TENDRIL, knocking her back. It pounces on top of her. It’s PUPAS SAC opening, trying swallow her inside. The still entranced Jarrod trembles. Rises to his feet. Overcoming everything, he pushes forward. The sight of hi woman in danger, sending him to another place.
111) 0) text: The Tanker HOWLS! Engulfed in a burst of FLAMES. EXT. ROOFTOP —- SUNSET Jarrod and Elaine are knocked back by the EXPLOSION right beneath them. The building rumbles and shakes. 90. They hold on to each other tightly, watching helplessly a the SCAFFOLDING FALLS OVER the edge.
111) 2) dialog: Get up! She drags Jarrod to his feet. The BURNT TANKER crests onto the roof. Charred flesh. Ang as hell. They run up the stairs to the:
111) 5) dialog: I’m not going anywhere without you. They embrace. Sharing a tender moment. HOWL! Another TANKER crawls up the Regatta building to th south. And another TANKER on the building to the north. OFF THE COAST: The AIRCRAFT CARRIER sinks into the Pacifi All the Fighter Jets are down. Our last stand has failed. There is no escape. Elaine and Jarrod hold each other tight. The incandescent SIREN SPHERE gently falls from the MOTHERSHIP'S belly, descending towards them. Time stands still for a moment. It's harrowing. And beautiful. They stare into each other's eyes. A lifetime passing between them as they kiss. Then... they look up into the SIREN. The trance overcomes them. Veins protruding across their bodies. But they don’t let go of each other. WHOOSH! They're pulled up together through the air. Spiralling upwards over the building and the howling Tank Over the decimated city of Los Angeles. Up into the clouds as the SIREN light flares out the lens
116) 3) text: Of ELAINE’S EYES as they flutter open. She squints, still reeling from the effects of the siren light. Laying on her back, she tries to sit up. But she can’t mo muscle. Her eyes begin to focus on the strange biomechanical environment. Everything pulses with energy, like the enti ship is alive. She recoils at the sight of: HUNDREDS OF HEADLESS HUMAN BODIES. The wounds cauterized. Then... a DOME HEADED BEING sits before her. A horrifying of metal and musculature that we haven’t seen before. A surgical INCISION cut through the center of its cranium Its large oval eyes are shut tightly. Beside it, TENDRILS reach into a viscous TROUGH to retrie HUMAN BRAIN with spinal nerve endings still attached. The human nervous system is slowly inserted inside the BEING’S CRANIUM. The TENDRIL seals the wound instantly. The Being stirs. Looks up, opening its large humanoid EYE It tilts its head, considering her for moment. The BEING turns and bounds across the chamber, murdering DRONES in its path. It turns and stares at Elaine. She gasps in horror. Her e widening in fear as the BEING LOOMS over her. With two slashes she’s freed from her constraints. She looks up, staring into its EYES. The BEING bends down. Reaches out to gently caress her ch
116) 4) dialog: (Whispers) Jarrod...? TO BE CONTINUED...