0) 2) dialog: It’s not. It’s... jet lag. Elaine puts her hand on her stomach. Feeling nauseous. She stumbles across the plush shag carpet towards the bathroom. Opens the glass door. The wrong way at first.
0) 6) dialog: Morning sickness again?
0) 9) dialog: Stay here.
0) 11) dialog: I don’t know-
1) 0) text: The room is bathed in an EERIE BRIGHT LIGHT. Jarrod has t shield his eyes just to see. DENISE is crouched on the sofa, pure fear on her face.
1) 1) dialog: What’s wrong?
2) 1) dialog: It’s beautiful, huh? Beside him sits ELAINE. She stares out her window, watchi strip malls and power lines streak by.
2) 3) dialog: Okay, I’1l admit. I was expecting more palm trees.
2) 5) dialog: Well, Terry said he’d roll out the red carpet but this is insane. She looks at the TWO TELEVISIONS on the seat backs.
2) 7) dialog: I’m not... Gently caresses her cheek.
3) 1) dialog: Now that’s more like it.
5) 0) text: Before the LIMO DRIVER can even step out, Jarrod swings h door open. He takes Elaine’s hand, helping her out. Toget they look up at the Cove, taking it in. The Limo Driver places a overnight bag on the walk way, a extends the handle. He hands Jarrod a tattered duffel bag Jarrod grabs his wallet, chained to his pants. Thumbs thr three crumpled twenties, a five and lots of singles.
5) 2) dialog: Oh, okay. Thanks. Jarrod rolls Elaine’s bag to the FRONT DOOR.
5) 5) dialog: Special effects must pay well. The CONCIERGE’S name tag reads “OLIVER”. Early 40s, world weary. He taps the counter lightly. His ornate WEDDING RI makes a soft click. He speaks in a welcoming voice.
5) 7) dialog: Going up to Terry Sergeant's.
7) 0) text: Elaine and Jarrod emerge from the elevator bank, almost bumping into a group of bikini clad GIRLS - early 20s.
7) 1) dialog: Excuse us. The girls giggle and pile into the elevator, heading down WORLD MUSIC echoes down the hall as Jarrod and Elaine mak their way to Penthouse six. The DOOR’S OPEN. They walk inside. It’s filled with PEOPLE. A party.
7) 2) text: The living room, kitchen and lounge are a MASSIVE OPEN RO A marvel of European design. The floor to ceiling windows offer a panoramic view of Los Angeles’ skyline. Jarrod and Elaine wander through the crowd, looking lost.
7) 6) dialog: Hey. This is my girlfriend Elaine. Elaine extends her hand to Denise for a shake.
7) 10) dialog: I did. Technically. Denise interrupts, handing them each a MOJITO.
7) 13) dialog: That was polite of you. She smiles back.
7) 16) dialog: Look at Mr. California! Terry grabs Jarrod, HUGGING him tight.
7) 17) dialog: Happy birthday man. Damn, forgot how strong you are. Terry pulls away, laughing.
7) 19) dialog: Hey, I was twice as drunk as you.
8) 2) dialog: You good?
9) 0) text: Jarrod and Terry lean against the bar, taking in the view cute ASIAN BARTENDER pours them shots. Makes more drinks.
9) 1) dialog: You really did it man. Just like everyone knew you would.
9) 3) dialog: What did I do? Decorate your walls?
9) 5) dialog: Can’t thank you enough for all this. I mean, I’m the one who should be getting you the gift. The bartender serves them each a Margarita. Rocks. Salt.
10) 0) text: Denise has her feet in the Jacuzzi. Scanning the crowd wi her camera. Focuses on Jarrod at the bar. Clicks away.
10) 15) dialog: Beats December in Brooklyn.
10) 20) dialog: For real?
10) 24) dialog: Who? 12.
11) 0) text: The party has stepped up a notch. Scantily clad WOMEN min with well dressed MEN. Terry leads Jarrod and Elaine through the crowd.
11) 5) dialog: (Caught off guard) Huh? I don’t- A surprised Elaine glares at the completely puzzled Jarro
11) 9) dialog: Elaine, hold on-
11) 11) dialog: What the hell was that about?
11) 14) dialog: What for? I don’t know anything about effects, man.
11) 16) dialog: I don’t know... I just never saw myself out here.
11) 18) dialog: What about Elaine?
12) 2) dialog: Whoa! Watch it. You okay?
12) 6) dialog: (Sheepish) What are you talking about? She paws his chest and pulls him onto the dance floor. Writhing around Jarrod. He reluctantly moves to the beat. Terry points and laughs. Elaine watches from across the floor, with her arms cross RYAN (0.S. Looks like you could use a drink. She turns to see Ryan.
13) 6) dialog: Sorry, my bad.
13) 11) dialog: Sure. Why not? Jarrod follows Ryan out. Slides the door shut, leaving El by herself. Again. A DOUCHE BAG approaches her almost immediately. Cheesy gr
14) 0) text: SMOKE wafts through the air. Jarrod hands the butt to Rya There’s a handful of other SMOKERS on the patio with them Through the patio glass door: Elaine blows off the Douche storms into the guest bedroom, slamming the door behind h
15) 0) text: Elaine storms into the bedroom. Grabs the bathroom door handle. It’s locked. VOICES inside. Camera FLASHES reveal silhouette of entwined BODIES through the FROSTED GLASS. Jarrod enters the room. Shuts the door behind him.
15) 1) dialog: Elaine. Come on. 17.
15) 3) dialog: Decided? Terry just sprung this California talk on me today.
15) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. I... I’m just stressed-
15) 9) dialog: I am with you. Whatever you choose. Jarrod steps closer to Elaine. He takes her hands.
15) 10) dialog: It’s just that... I don’t know... What kind of father can’t even pay his own rent? The bathroom door opens again. They do a double take as T walks out.
15) 13) dialog: No. Terry's always been that way.
15) 15) dialog: Elaine. I am not Terry. Alright? She hesitates, slowly backing away from him.
19) 0) text: The strange LIGHT streaks through the closed blinds. Shadows dance over Elaine and Jarrod’s face. She stirs.
19) 2) dialog: It’s not. It’s... jet lag.
25) 0) text: Jarrod bursts into the room.
25) 1) dialog: What’s wrong?
25) 16) dialog: I’m... I’m okay. 24. Jarrod sits up, shaking it off. Finally stares into Elain tortured face. She burrows into him, holding him tight.
27) 6) dialog: It was... like I was flying. Towards this shimmering light.... But I'd never seen the color before. He looks away from Elaine’s gaze.
27) 7) dialog: It was beautiful. ROAR! An ungodly growl ECHOES from the base of the buildi Everyone is shocked. Standing still for a moment.
27) 13) dialog: There’s something down there. On the street... Terry shakes his head. Still skeptical, he gets behind th telescope, panning around.
27) 17) dialog: What are they doing? Terry struggles with the Telescope. Scanning over.
27) 21) dialog: Yeah. Okay. Terry nods, walks off to the MASTER BEDROOM.
27) 24) dialog: I can’t let him go alone. Terry returns holding a GLOCK HANDGUN, making Elaine nerv
28) 0) text: The door slowly opens. Terry inches out. Gun drawn. Jarrod follows. Camera around his neck. Everything is quiet. They relax somewhat. 28.
28) 8) dialog: Wait up. They stop beside the DOOR to the ROOF.
28) 9) dialog: What’s the plan? 29. Terry adjusts his grip on the gun. Nerves catching up to
29) 0) text: They emerge onto the industrial rooftop, facing WEST. The can see all the way to the OCEAN past the Marina. Jarrod moves forward, aims the CAMERA towards the coast. Zooms in on the clear blue water. Snaps off a quick shot.
29) 1) dialog: Looks calm... SLAM! The door shuts behind them. Terry grabs the handle. It’s locked.
29) 3) dialog: You never told me to hold it open.
29) 5) dialog: I'm sorry, I- WHOMP. WHOMP. The FREQUENCY bellows through the air.
29) 7) dialog: What now? 30. Terry motions with his head, the crouch forward towards t stairwell to the HELIPAD.
31) 0) text: Terry and Jarrod slowly moving up the last steps. 31. On the neighboring building’s ROOFTOP they can see FIVE RESIDENTS staring off at the city in the distance.
32) 2) dialog: Don’t look at it man! Terry ignores him, staring out at the horrible spectacle.
32) 3) dialog: Damn it Terry!
32) 6) dialog: My God... They stand there is stunned silence, watching the human population being vacuumed off the face of the Earth. When it’s done a HAZE of DEBRIS fills the air under the S Jarrod scans the ship with the ZOOM lens, clicking away. Stops. Sees something. Lowers the lens.
32) 7) dialog: Oh shit.
32) 9) dialog: Run.
32) 11) dialog: 
33) 0) text: Terry and Jarrod jump down the steps, adrenaline on overdrive. 33.
34) 2) dialog: Damn it! The HYDRA ship rounds the building, it’s surface is a horrific meld of living tissue and metallic structuring. makes quick work of the NEIGHBORS of the adjacent rooftop BOOM! Terry shoots the lock again. Still won’t open. A bright SIREN SPOTLIGHT hits them. They shield their eye the HYDRA lowers down towards their roof. In a last gasp, they both pull frantically at the door. Giving it all they got. Nothing. Jarrod sinks to the grou Terry and Jarrod share a look. Preparing for the end. CREAK. The door swings opens. ELAINE stands before them. She looks into the SPOTLIGHT of the oncoming HYDRA. Veins immediately bulge across her body. She steps towards it.
34) 3) dialog: No! He jumps to his feet, pulling her away as Terry slams the door shut behind them.
35) 0) text: They burst through the front door. A shaking Jarrod lays Elaine down. She writhes in his arms, slowly coming back consciousness. Denise rushes to help. Holding Elaine’s head up. Terry runs to the freezer, pulls out a bag of ice. Jarrod applies it to Elaine’s forehead. His hands tremble. 34.
35) 1) dialog: (Clenched jaw) Come on baby... She looks up. Her pupils slowly return to normal size. Co comes back to her cheeks.
35) 3) dialog: (Breathing deeply) I know. It’1ll pass. I promise. She grabs hold of her stomach. Jarrod looks down and plac his hand over hers. Her eyes widen as she stares at his A
35) 7) dialog: See for yourself.
36) 0) text: Elaine sits huddled next to Jarrod as Candice and Denise scrub through the PHOTOS on her CAMERA’S LCD DISPLAY. Terry paces back and forth. Eyes determined.
36) 6) dialog: Once you look... it grabs hold. Like it...
36) 13) dialog: So what are we going to do? 36.
36) 16) dialog: Where you going?
36) 18) dialog: What for?
36) 20) dialog: Terry-—
37) 11) dialog: Baby, you have to quiet down- She pushes him away. Emotions overwhelming her.
37) 13) dialog: I'm sorry-
39) 4) dialog: Did you hear that? Terry explodes through the front door.
39) 6) dialog: What’s going on?
39) 13) dialog: No. Not everywhere. (Sighs) Not over the water. Elaine feels the slight sting of betrayal. Getting worked
39) 18) dialog: Take it easy man.
39) 20) dialog: What the-
40) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine are huddled behind the island, covered shadow. Watching the light move towards the kitchen.
42) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine hold each other as the light vanishes. The HYDRA’s hum fades off.
44) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine stand up as Terry approaches.
44) 5) dialog: (to Elaine) He’s right.
44) 7) dialog: If we get to the boat, we have a chance.
44) 9) dialog: We have to try.
45) 0) text: Terry leads the crew out the door. Jarrod takes the rear they hustle towards the:
46) 0) text: The crew files in. Terry hits the button labeled Pl. The elevator descends. All eyes fixated on the floor disp A faint BOOM is heard. The elevator RATTLES. Lights FLICK Jarrod pulls Elaine closer. The floor display reads: 5... 4... 3... Terry readies himself. Aims at the door. DING. Display reads: Pl. The doors open. Silence. Nothing but row after row of luxury cars.
49) 0) text: The Ferrari zips backward, out of the parking spot. Terry pulls up to meet Candice behind the wheel of the Mercedes. Jarrod rides shotgun. Elaine in back.
50) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine watch intently, following the Ferrari through the FIRST SECURITY GATE.
52) 0) text: Jarrod looks at the couple. Then back to Elaine.
52) 1) dialog: (to Candice) Slow down a bit. Candice gives an annoyed look, but complies. Jarrod rolls down the window and leans his head out.
52) 2) dialog: Are you guys okay? The Husband hesitates, exchanges a look with his Wife.
52) 3) dialog: Do you need-
56) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine SCREAM in horror. 49.
60) 0) text: The group watches with pure dread. Jarrod opens the door.
60) 1) dialog: Come on man! Get in! The Tanker’s CLAW sweeps again and again. Getting closer time. Jarrod swallows. Jumps out after Terry.
61) 0) text: Terry gets up and limps towards Jarrod. Arms outstretched
61) 1) dialog: I got you! They lock arms. Terry’s never looked so thankful or afrai The Tanker lunges into the over hang. Everything shakes. TENDRILS LAUNCH from the Tanker’s CLAW, ENSNARING TERRY. Jarrod is knocked to the ground as the tendrils wrap arou Terry's body, dripping an iridescent black OIL.
63) 0) text: Jarrod is devastated, watching the beast in stunned horro
67) 1) dialog: Get down! Doubled over in the driver’s seat, Candice throws it back into reverse and hits the gas. The Mercedes speeds violently back from the gate.
69) 0) text: Candice steers blindly. Weaves through the garage. SLAM! The car collides with a pillar. Air bags deploy. Jarrod pushes the air bag out of his face.
69) 1) dialog: Elaine! In the back seat, Elaine shakes the cobwebs out her head.
69) 3) dialog: Come on, let’s go! Jarrod and Elaine dash out of the Mercedes.
70) 8) dialog: I’m okay. Candice stares at the Drone. Its torn torso gushes a blac bio-mech oil mixed with human blood. The Wife’s eyes bulge. Shaking in horror at the gruesome sight of the HUSBAND'S twisted body amongst the alien carnage. Oliver pulls a KEY RING from his belt. Unlocks the Exit D Candice moves through. Jarrod pulls Elaine by the hand. Elaine stops in the doorway. Looking sympathetically to t Wife, then to Oliver. Oliver puts his arm around the Wife.
71) 0) text: Candice, Jarrod and Elaine barrel up the stairs, stopping the last landing. The final flight of stairs leads UP and to the POOL AREA.
72) 6) dialog: No! The second Tanker charges them. Oliver reaches the door. Everything shakes as the Tanker draws closer. Oliver fumbles with his MULTIPLE KEY FOBS. He swipes one across the security panel. BEEP. Oliver pulls on the door. LOCKED. The tanker is 10 yards away. Oliver swipes another FOB. No dice.
75) 0) text: Jarrod splashes water on his face. But his tears continue fall. He looks up in the mirror to see Elaine behind him.
75) 1) dialog: I can’t believe he’s gone... Elaine wraps her arms around him. Trying to comfort him.
77) 2) dialog: If you say so. Oliver roughly grabs Jarrod, by his shirt. Pure convictio his eyes.
78) 0) text: Jarrod and Oliver walk back towards the couch.
78) 6) dialog: What now?
78) 8) dialog: And?
78) 10) dialog: For what?
78) 19) dialog: Baby, it’s okay.
78) 21) dialog: Stop it Candice.
78) 25) dialog: I know. It’s okay.
78) 30) dialog: Both of us?
78) 32) dialog: (to Elaine) Try to get some rest. I'll be right over there. Elaine nods. Lays down. Jarrod kisses her softly. He walks to the telescope with Oliver.
79) 0) text: They sit in darkness. Not wanting to attract attention. Oliver scans with the telescope. Jarrod is behind him, leaning on the fire place wall. He' penciling on a SKETCH PAD in his lap. They speak in hushed voices.
79) 3) dialog: Maybe not. He turns the pad, looking at it from another angle. It’s surreal picture of the SIREN LIGHT. Haunting. Beautiful.
79) 4) dialog: What do you think those things are?
79) 6) dialog: Probably not. (sighs) It doesn’t even seem real.
79) 9) dialog: We don’t even know if, you know-
79) 13) dialog: You don’t know me.
79) 15) dialog: What about you? You got kids? Oliver doesn’t answer for a moment. A change comes over h
79) 18) dialog: I... I’m sorry... Oliver turns back to the telescope. Resuming his duty. FADE TO.
80) 1) dialog: Try looking to the left...
81) 2) dialog: No thanks.
82) 0) text: Jarrod stands in the doorway. Over Terry's bed is a PAINTING of an angelic face on a bl background. Jarrod stares at it. Tears welling in his eye 66. Candice enters behind him. They exchange a look.
82) 1) dialog: This was the first one I ever sold. Jarrod smiles.
82) 2) dialog: It was supposed to be a gift but he insisted on paying for it. Candice nods knowingly. Puts her hand on his shoulder.
84) 0) text: Elaine and Candice are splayed across the couch. Jarrod lays across two chairs. Oliver sleeps on a seat be the Telescope. It’s completely silent. Almost peaceful. Then... A FAINT BOOM is heard in the distance. 67. The building RATTLES a bit. They wake with a start. Jarrod and Oliver look around, listening. MORE EXPLOSIONS sound off in the night.
84) 1) dialog: Take a look! Oliver puts his eye to the telescope.
84) 4) dialog: I want to see what’s out there. Oliver looks up.
85) 0) text: Jarrod turns the faucet. No water comes out. He tries the toilet. Nothing. Frustrated, he looks into the mirror. Stubble over grown. Bags under his eyes. His stare grows focused. Determined.
86) 0) text: Everyone assumes their positions. Oliver at the telescope Candice on the couch. Elaine by the fireplace. Only Jarrod paces back and forth.
86) 3) dialog: I don’t have a plan-
86) 5) dialog: Look. We’re on a marina for Christ’s sake.
86) 7) dialog: So there are hundreds of boats just across the street. 69.
86) 9) dialog: We go on foot. Quietly.
86) 12) dialog: You make it sound like it was my fault. It hangs in the air. Maybe it was?
86) 14) dialog: And you think Terry would have listened to me? Candice looks at him with hurt eyes. Elaine backs off.
86) 16) dialog: Then we get the hell out of Dodge.
86) 18) dialog: Anywhere is better than here.
86) 20) dialog: I guess I have faith, Oliver. Thought you might understand that. Whether it’s intended as a mock, Oliver takes it as such.
86) 27) dialog: Oh... shit. 71. It’s not a dogfight. It’s a massacre. The HYDRA don’t sho any projectiles. They KAMIKAZE into each Predator Drone. EXPLOSIONS scatter across the sky. One by one the Predato are dive bombed by the Hydra.
86) 32) dialog: Oh my God... The MOTHERSHIP spiral through the air, across the entire skyline before CRASHING into Culver City 4 miles away. Oliver scans the wreckage with the telescope.
86) 37) dialog: You mind?
86) 44) dialog: They’re not dead. TELESCOPE POV: HUNDREDS OF THEM move in a murderous WAVE destruction down the hill, SWARMING across the city, righ towards them.
86) 45) dialog: Just really, really pissed off. TELESCOPE POV: Oliver pans back to the crashed ship to se SOMETHING rising from the wreckage.
87) 0) text: Jarrod packs his duffel bag. Elaine enters, devastated from the totality of the situat She watches him packing her things into his bag as well.
87) 2) dialog: The only thing we can do. He walks past her into the:
88) 0) text: Jarrod walks out, bag in hand. Elaine follows.
88) 2) dialog: Those things are coming for us.
88) 6) dialog: So now he gets to decide? We have no water, no power-—
88) 8) dialog: Yeah, and I’d rather make a run for it than stay in a twenty story target. Between those things and the radiation, we are dead up here. Elaine looks to Oliver then back to Jarrod. Uncertainty o her face.
89) 2) dialog: Get in here! He pulls the blinds back, peeking around to make sure the coast is clear. Elaine, Oliver, and Candice enter the room.
89) 3) dialog: Look... 76. On the REGATTA ROOF: THREE SOLDIERS, with thermal goggles and gas masks, armed the teeth, emerge from the CHOPPER. Jarrod goes to open the MASTER PATIO DOOR. Oliver grabs t handle.
89) 5) dialog: We got to let ‘em know we’re here.
89) 7) dialog: You've been saying to wait for help. Well, help is here- He tries to push past Oliver but he won’t budge.
89) 10) dialog: They’1l be back for them. Come on, we have to hurry.
90) 0) text: Jarrod moves across the living room. Gathers his stuff. 77.
90) 1) dialog: We'll go to the roof. Get them to pick us up. Candice shakes her head. Elaine isn’t sure anymore.
90) 3) dialog: Elaine-
90) 5) dialog: We have to take that chance. Oliver steps towards Jarrod.
90) 7) dialog: Seriously, just back off. We're going. The BLANKET BLIND falls from the window. Outside they see the still REBUILDING MOTHERSHIP is now HALFWAY COMPLETE - its massive shadow looming over the ci
90) 10) dialog: What do we do when the other blinds fall? We don’t have enough bed sheets. Jarrod steps forward, GRABBING Elaine by the arm.
90) 11) dialog: Come on. 78. She pulls her arm away. Holds her stomach.
90) 13) dialog: Baby- Jarrod goes to grab Elaine’s arm again.
90) 17) dialog: That’s not up to you. He pushes past Oliver towards Elaine. Oliver pushes back.
90) 20) dialog: This isn’t your family! Oliver BACKHANDS him across the face. Jarrod touches his lip. Reaches for Elaine again.
90) 21) dialog: Elaine, come on- Oliver puts his hand on Jarrod’s chest. Jarrod SWINGS bac cracking Oliver in the jaw. A nice punch but not a knock
90) 22) dialog: I said back off!
90) 25) dialog: Baby, we have to- Oliver grabs Jarrod’s shirt. Delivers TWO crushing PUNCHE his face. Jarrod falls to the ground. Oliver turns his back.
90) 29) dialog: Let her go! Oliver puts Elaine down. Raises his arms. Ready to brawl.
90) 31) dialog: You can hit me all you want. Looks into Elaine’s eyes.
90) 32) dialog: But I’m not giving up on my family. Jarrod lowers his fists, extending his arm out to Elaine. A long pause as Jarrod stares into Elaine's eyes. 80. She looks back, seeing the boy she loves become a man. In spite of all apprehension, she takes his hand.
91) 0) text: Emergency lights flash. Smoke fills the air. A MUFFLED SMASH. Jarrod elbows the emergency glass. Picks up a FIRE AXE.
91) 1) dialog: Come on. 81. They share a look. Elaine nods. They head up the steps.
92) 0) text: The door slowly opens. Jarrod peeks out. Followed by Elai It's deceptively serene. But they can hear the sounds of BATTLE off in the distance. Jarrod grabs a BRICK to wedge the door open. Just in case
92) 1) dialog: Alright, just stay low and follow me. Elaine nods. Looks like she’s going to lose it. He gently holds her face in his hands.
92) 2) dialog: You can do this. I know you can. She swallows her fear, wiping a tear out of her eye. Nods
94) 0) text: In the distance, the MOTHER SHIP continues to REBUILD. Jarrod and Elaine crouch along the south edge of the roof just twenty yards away from the Regatta Building. Jarrod slowly rises up, peeking over the railing.
94) 2) dialog: Hey! The Soldier spins, weapon trained on Jarrod.
94) 4) dialog: Hey! Whoa! Easy! He looks to Elaine. She slowly rises up next to him
98) 0) text: Elaine and Jarrod stand with their arms still raised as t SOLDIERS ARGUE amongst each other on the neighboring roof
100) 0) text: Jarrod falls atop of Elaine, instinctively shielding her. They share a look. Then slowly rise up. On the Regatta Roof, the RPG SOLDIER meets their gaze.
100) 2) dialog: No! Jarrod and Elaine watch helplessly as the CHOPPER FALLS.. All... the... way... down. It CRASHES hard into the groun A fireball rises upwards.
102) 0) text: The TWO Remaining Soldiers reload their weapons. Elaine and Jarrod stand in shock for a moment. Behind them, the now REBUILT MOTHERSHIP hovers towards th Before they can even process it, the building starts to S VIOLENTLY.
104) 0) text: Elaine helps Jarrod to his feet. He reaches down for the Jarrod and Elaine grab each other by the hand.
104) 1) dialog: Come on! They hustle back across the shaking roof.
106) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine hustle towards the ROOF DOOR when: BOOM! BOOM! They look out to see an AIRCRAFT CARRIER on t COAST LINE. Navy warships are fighting the Hydra. The entire skyline is filled with the unfolding battle. Our last stand. But they don’t have time to watch. Elaine opens the roof door to see: THE SAVAGE DRONE from the garage - a long SCAR across its body - moving right for them. Elaine turns and slams the door but its TENDRIL slips thr the open crack, wrapping around her waist. SIREN LIGHT seeps through the bullet holes as Jarrod and Elaine push back against the door. Jarrod slams the AXE down, chopping the TENDRIL off. The Drone HOWLS! Elaine throws the severed tendril to the ground.
106) 1) dialog: This way! 87. They turn and run back through the ventilation system. The DRONE SMASHES through the doorway. Its bleeding stump flails out, slithering over the SEVERE TENDRIL. With a grotesque crunch, the tendril REATTACHES.
107) 2) dialog: Come on, it’s the only way down. Jarrod begins kicking off the cinder blocks when: VOOSH! A TENDRIL stabs right through his THIGH. 88. He SCREAMS in pain, falling back as the DRONE rounds the corner. Elaine is on one side, Jarrod the other.
107) 3) dialog: Elaine run! THE DRONE looms over Jarrod, its SIREN LIGHT floods him. Jarrod is ENTRANCED. Eyes bloodshot. Veins bulging. The TENDRIL ENVELOPS his head. Pulling him in. Elaine looks to Jarrod, then the Drone. She’s had enough. THUMP. She smashes the AXE into the DRONE’S HEAD. It lets a HOWL! Releasing Jarrod. Elaine twists the handle, yanks the AXE back. Embedded on the blade is a BRAIN MATTER. Nerve endings dangling. All HUMAN in appearance.
107) 5) dialog: 
111) 0) text: The Tanker HOWLS! Engulfed in a burst of FLAMES. EXT. ROOFTOP —- SUNSET Jarrod and Elaine are knocked back by the EXPLOSION right beneath them. The building rumbles and shakes. 90. They hold on to each other tightly, watching helplessly a the SCAFFOLDING FALLS OVER the edge.
111) 1) dialog: No! Jarrod lunges forward. Elaine grabs him. Holds him in her arms. Cuts all over his body. He struggles to catch his breath, coming down from the rage of the entrancement. Jarrod looks down at his leg. He’s bleeding pretty badly. CRUNCH! The CLAW of the BURNT TANKER grips the roof's edg
111) 4) dialog: Please Elaine... you have to go. 91.