5) 6) dialog: Good afternoon. Welcome to The Cove. How may I assist you?
5) 8) dialog: Ah, the party, of course. Enjoy yourselves. Oliver and Elaine exchange smiles.
17) 0) text: The noise is audible. The door swings open. Candice stand there, looking up and down at Oliver.
17) 1) dialog: Pardon me, ma’‘am, but we’ve received a few noise complaints.
17) 3) dialog: I understand. But it’s two in the morning. So. If you don’t mind...
70) 7) dialog: You alright? Everyone is speechless. Elaine notices Jarrod’s condition She grabs his arm. Worry on her face.
70) 9) dialog: Miss, we have to go- A GROAN. The Husband stirs to life. 54.
70) 12) dialog: Come on, let’s go. SLURP! A GLOWING TENDRIL envelops the HUSBAND'S HEAD, sea through his flesh.
71) 2) dialog: Make for the back door. Everyone nods. The Wife quietly shakes her head. 55. They gather themselves and run up the stairs to the...
72) 2) dialog: You can make it!
72) 4) dialog: Come on! The Tanker spots the Wife. Extends its CLAW. THE TENDRILS launch, ensnaring her. She screams as the TENDRILS RIP her back through the air. 56. Her body SMASHES through the GLASS fence surrounding the pool, before she’s slurped into the Tanker’s palm ORIFICE Oliver turns and runs. Candice leads the group through a SUNKEN CONCRETE WALKWAY eight feet below the pool area. The BACK DOORWAY is up ahead. Almost there. CRASH! The TANKER BARRELS over the group running on the sunken walkway below. Its limbs SMASH all around them, ba missing each time. The Tanker COLLIDES into the adjacent fencing, falling ov The group reaches the straightaway to the back door. ROAR! Everyone looks to the LEFT. A SECOND TANKER emerges from the side of the building. Everyone doubles their speed. Fight or flight kicking in. Candice slams into the BACK DOOR.
72) 8) dialog: Hurry! Everyone piles through after them. Oliver SLAMS it shut. BOOM! The whole building shakes as the Tanker rams it. They fall to the floor. Stunned and scared. The TENDRILS slam against the glass windows on the door. Leaving a black oily trails on the glass. Quickly backing away, the group heads towards the elevato
73) 1) dialog: Come on, quickly, quickly. Oliver carefully closes the door. Locks it.
74) 0) text: Candice crashes on the couch. Elaine catches her breath. Oliver swiftly moves through the condo. Checks all the ro
76) 0) text: They exit to the bathroom, arm in arm, to see Candice bawling. They join her on the couch. Hanging their heads. Oliver is on the Telescope. Pans quickly. Erratic.
76) 1) dialog: (Under his breath) Lord all mighty. TELESCOPE POV: Drones roam the city. Tankers storm buildi Chasing stragglers through the streets. A ground strike. clean up crew. Mother Ships loom on the horizon. Oliver snaps around. Sees everyone in emotional shock. Decides he shouldn't share this information. He scans the room. Charges towards a BOOKSHELF. Motions t Jarrod.
76) 2) dialog: Hey! Jarrod tilts his head up, revealing tear filled eyes.
76) 3) dialog: Enough, alright. Get over here and help me with this. Jarrod looks to Elaine. Wipes his tears. He gets up and grabs one end of the shelf.
76) 4) dialog: In front of the door. Come on.
77) 1) dialog: Better than nothing, right?
77) 3) dialog: (Harshly) What are you doing? Huh? Like it or not, this is happening. (looks to the girls) You got to be strong. Jarrod straightens his spine. Finally able to stare back. Oliver nods. But never breaks eye contact.
78) 0) text: Jarrod and Oliver walk back towards the couch.
78) 1) dialog: Is everybody alright? The weeping Candice looks at him like he’s an idiot.
78) 2) dialog: Are you hurt? She finally shakes her head. Oliver looks to Elaine.
78) 7) dialog: (Sighing) We stay here. Safest place I can think of.
78) 9) dialog: And? We wait.
78) 11) dialog: For help. We stay quiet, keep watch, and pray someone comes. Jarrod looks to Elaine.
78) 13) dialog: Sweetie, it’s best if we stay together.
78) 27) dialog: Put out the cigarette! Rattled, Candice stamps her smoke out in a decorative bow
78) 28) dialog: (To Elaine) You okay dear? Elaine slowly nods.
78) 29) dialog: Come on Boss. Let the girls sleep. We'll keep watch. 62.
78) 31) dialog: If they try that light stuff, we got each other’s back.
79) 0) text: They sit in darkness. Not wanting to attract attention. Oliver scans with the telescope. Jarrod is behind him, leaning on the fire place wall. He' penciling on a SKETCH PAD in his lap. They speak in hushed voices.
79) 1) dialog: It’s quiet now. Oliver is still glued to the telescope.
79) 2) dialog: Maybe the worst is over. 63. TELESCOPE POV: Nothing stirs on the streets. Faint glows hidden by the clouds in the distance.
79) 5) dialog: I don’t know. Does it even matter?
79) 7) dialog: Well, it is real. Oliver turns to Jarrod, sizing him up.
79) 8) dialog: And you better man up. (he looks to Elaine) For her. (he looks to Jarrod) For your baby. Jarrod stops drawing, looks up.
79) 10) dialog: What are you blind? She’s decided. Jarrod glances over towards Elaine’s sleeping figure.
79) 11) dialog: (Motions to the window) All this makes it even more important. Not gonna be many of us left. The words just hang there for a moment. Too true.
79) 12) dialog: That’s the problem, with... kids like you. 64.
79) 14) dialog: You got everything... and you just want to throw it all away. (looks at Jarrod) Too selfish to grow up. Jarrod almost says something but stops. Lets it sink in. Then goes back to drawing. Head down.
79) 16) dialog: (Pained) I did. Wife too. His looks down to the RING on his left hand.
79) 17) dialog: My world ended a long time ago. Jarrod stops sketching. Starting to understand Oliver.
81) 0) text: Oliver pulls his sleep deprived eyes away from the Telesc 65.
81) 1) dialog: Nothing. Candice emerges from the kitchen, handing them each an ESPRESSO.
81) 4) dialog: Gracias. He watches Candice walk over to the
84) 0) text: Elaine and Candice are splayed across the couch. Jarrod lays across two chairs. Oliver sleeps on a seat be the Telescope. It’s completely silent. Almost peaceful. Then... A FAINT BOOM is heard in the distance. 67. The building RATTLES a bit. They wake with a start. Jarrod and Oliver look around, listening. MORE EXPLOSIONS sound off in the night.
84) 2) dialog: I don’t see anything... Jarrod picks up the remote to turn on the TV. Elaine sits up from the couch.
84) 5) dialog: No. It’s too bright. Can’t risk it. Jarrod looks to Oliver then Elaine. Puts down the remote. Satisfied Oliver returns his eye to the Telescope. TELESCOPE POV: Only FIRE and SMOKE followed by bursts of light on the horizon.
84) 6) dialog: There!
84) 8) dialog: Somebody's fighting back. They all listen to the combat. The EXPLOSIONS die down. The sound of one side losing. Ba Jarrod looks at Elaine. Concern growing on his face. A few last BOOMS are extinguished, giving way to... 68. Silence.
86) 0) text: Everyone assumes their positions. Oliver at the telescope Candice on the couch. Elaine by the fireplace. Only Jarrod paces back and forth.
86) 1) dialog: Why don’t you take a seat. Relax. Jarrod shakes his head. Oliver sighs.
86) 2) dialog: Alright. I’1l bite. What’s your plan Boss? I know you’re dying to tell me.
86) 4) dialog: Really? Nothing you want to say? Jarrod looks over at Candice and Elaine.
86) 6) dialog: I’ve noticed.
86) 8) dialog: Remind me how that worked out last time.
86) 10) dialog: And search every boat until we find a key? That’s great plan Jarrod. Elaine stands up. Not liking where this is going.
86) 15) dialog: Alright. Let’s say you make it out the building. Across to the Marina. Down to the dock. We find a boat and everything... Then what?
86) 17) dialog: To where? Catalina? Down the coast?
86) 19) dialog: How do you know? We’re here and we're still alive. 70.
86) 21) dialog: Listen to me you little punk- VRRROOSH! A sonic boom echoes from outside. The sound of something FLYING OVERHEAD. And fast.
86) 23) dialog: Hallelujah. A whole squadron of PREDATORS, flying over the city towar the MOTHERSHIP. WHOMP. WHOMP. The Frequency sounds. The PREDATORS are quickly inundated with SIREN LIGHTS but they just keep coming.
86) 25) dialog: They’re unmanned.
86) 28) dialog: No, no, no! Oliver whips the telescope back and forth following the action with a growing sense of horror. His hopes and pray unraveling before his very eyes. He centers on the SOLE REMAINING PREDATOR as it weaves through an endless sea of Hydra ships. Everyone holds their breath. Bobbing. Weaving.
86) 29) dialog: Come on, come on... But it can only last for so long. A wave of Hydra engulf The Predator cheats death for a second longer. Launches a MISSILE before... BOOM! The Predator explodes in a burst of black smoke. Oliver struggles with the focus trying to follow the Miss as it HITS THE MOTHERSHIP over DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES. FLASH. Everything blows out to WHITE. The TV DIES. THE POWER GOES OUT. Nuclear EMP. Oliver looks away, stunned. Dives to the floor.
86) 30) dialog: Everybody down! The HEAT WAVE rips across the city. The building SHAKES VIOLENTLY. ONE of the WINDOW BLINDS FALLS to the floor, exposing the for the first time. Everyone else ducks down. The howling wind is deafening. Jarrod and Elaine make eye contact, expecting the worst. Then, the shaking stops. 72. Jarrod rushes to the exposed window.
86) 33) dialog: It... It worked. He turns to Elaine. She hugs Oliver. Jarrod takes note. Elaine looks for herself. Sure enough the Ship is down.
86) 38) dialog: By all means Boss. Oliver moves out of the way. Jarrod looks through the Telescope. Oliver and Elaine exchange hopeful looks.
86) 40) dialog: Sure. Now they know what to do. Jarrod stops on the downed ship. Adjust the focus. Sighs.
86) 41) dialog: Shouldn’t be long before help- Jarrod pulls his head away. A look of deep loss on his fa
86) 46) dialog: Something’s happening... TELESCOPE POV: A darker, mysterious LIGHT pulses above th ship. A strange energy fills the air. The ship’s DEBRIS suddenly RISES UP, spinning around the SIREN in a zero gravity centrifugal vortex as: THE SHIP BEGINS TO REBUILD ITSELF. Oliver takes a deep, labored breath. Like the hope is suc out of him. Doesn’t know what to say. Then... 74.
86) 47) dialog: We.... We have to block the window. But Jarrod can see the resurgent ship through the window clear as day. Elaine looks back at Jarrod. Fear in her ey
86) 48) dialog: Hey. Come on, help me with this. Oliver grabs a stool from the kitchen. Begins trying to reattached the blinds. But Jarrod just walks away.
86) 49) dialog: Get back here! Candice rushes over to help Oliver attach a blanket.
88) 1) dialog: Going somewhere? Candice and Oliver join them. Oliver is covered in sweat. exposed window is now covered by a BLANKET.
88) 3) dialog: And you're going to run away? 75.
88) 5) dialog: We stay here. We hold up. For good. Elaine nods. Jarrod turns to her.
89) 4) dialog: What the hell do you think you’re doing?
89) 6) dialog: You'll let everything know. We can’t attract any attention. Jarrod looks to Elaine, uncertainly on her face.
89) 8) dialog: Does that look like a rescue chopper to you? Don’t you get it? This is a war. They stare each other down.
90) 6) dialog: You can’t make that choice.
90) 9) dialog: You just gonna stand there?
90) 15) dialog: You heard the lady. Jarrod looks to Oliver in disbelief. Turns to Elaine.
90) 16) dialog: She’s not going anywhere.
90) 19) dialog: I’m not gonna let you put her in danger. Not in her condition.
90) 24) dialog: It’s alright. Jarrod looks to Oliver. Then defiantly steps to Elaine ag
90) 26) dialog: Stay down, Boss. Jarrod groans. Doubled over in pain. He pulls himself up. Elaine rushes to him but Oliver holds her back with his a
90) 28) dialog: I’m sorry, but it’s for the best. Jarrod wipes his bloodied face. Stands up, unbalanced.
90) 30) dialog: You just don’t get it, do you? Jarrod stares Oliver down.
90) 35) dialog: They are making a choice. (he nods to Jarrod) Gotta respect that. The doors shuts. Oliver walks to the exposed window. The almost complete MOTHERSHIP begins to rise upwards as plethora of CREATURES continue tearing across the city in wave of destruction. He pans back up to the SOLDIERS on t neighboring rooftop. He turns to Candice.
90) 36) dialog: How about that cigarette?
93) 0) text: Oliver stubs out his cigarette. Notices a red ring on the filter. His lip is bleeding. Candice looks towards the Regatta roof.
93) 2) dialog: Doesn’t matter. From now on... He stands. Stares into her eyes.
93) 3) dialog: It’s just you and me. Oliver nods before walking off towards the bathroom. 82. Candice looks back to the Regatta’s roof before her eyes settle on the TELESCOPE.
95) 0) text: Oliver dabs his lip with rubbing alcohol. Stings. Looks at his reflection. Rubs away the blood.
96) 1) text: Oliver exits the bathroom and stops. Turns to look into t CLOSET. He walks inside. It’s the size of his bedroom. Runs his hand along a custo built rack of overpriced shoes. Shakes his head. SSSD! He hears the sound of the PATIO DOOR sliding open.
97) 0) text: Oliver runs out of the master bedroom to see: CANDICE standing on the patio. SIREN LIGHT pouring over h face.
97) 1) dialog: No, no, no-
98) 1) dialog: 
99) 0) text: Oliver closes his eyes and steps outside. Blindly reachin for her.
99) 1) dialog: Give me your hand! He grabs her arm, pulling her back but: She is VIOLENTLY RIPPED away from his grip. Candice spirals out from the balcony, through the air, th SHE'S SWALLOWED into the pupas sac of a hovering DRONE.
99) 2) dialog: No! The now full Drone rises upwards, flying off. Oliver watches in despair when: BOOM! The Drone explodes in mid-air. Oliver crouches. His eyes darting up the VAPOR TRAIL back the RPG SOLDIER standing on the Regatta roof.
101) 0) text: Oliver looks down the crashed CHOPPER with hardened eyes.
103) 0) text: The SHAKING throws Oliver against the railing. CRASH. CRASH. The sounds growing louder... Oliver looks down to see: ANOTHER TANKER IS CLIMBING UP THE SIDE OF THE BUILDING. 86.
105) 0) text: Oliver stumbles into the rumbling condo as ALL of the WIN BLINDS FALL DOWN exposing the entire view. The SHADOW of the MOTHERSHIP envelops the entire landscap He clutches his cross. Resolve washing over him.
107) 0) text: Oliver shuffles a CIGARETTE out of Candice’s pack. Standing behind the stove counter top. He turns on the ga Holds the cigarette in his mouth. One last smoke. Oliver lifts the LIGHTER to his face. About to spark it. CRASH! The TANKER’S CLAW smashes through the WINDOWS. Its massive TENDRIL sails right past Oliver’s head. He falls back. The LIGHTER scatters across the floor.
108) 0) text: The TANKER reaches through the windows, shaking everythin 89. Oliver crawls across the floor. Reaches for the LIGHTER. CUTLERY BLOCK falls to the ground, carving knives nearly slicing off his fingers. He pulls back his hand. Close ca SNAP! The Tanker’s TENDRIL wraps around his ankle, pullin him across the floor. Oliver is yanked through the living room, all the way aga the shattered windows. At the last second, 50 CAL FIRE rips into the Tanker’s ba from the TWO SNIPERS on the Regatta Roof.
110) 0) text: Oliver stretches to grip a CARVING KNIFE. Stabs it throug the TANKER’S TENDRIL. It HISSES. Oliver turns and runs back through the living room. The TANKER thrusts its arm after him. THE CLAW stabs through Oliver’s TORSO, pinning him down. With his last gasp, Oliver reaches out and grabs the LIGH Looks up at the ugly motherfucker.
110) 1) dialog: Vaya con Dios, you son of a bitch- SPARK. BOOM!!! The entire penthouse EXPLODES!