7) 15) text: Is Brooklyn in the house?! TERRY struts towards them. Early 30s. African American. Chiseled frame. Tank top. Sunglasses. Larger than life.
7) 18) dialog: How could you? After that rumble down in the Bowery?
7) 20) dialog: (Re: the two mojitos) Careful now, looks like you’re well on your way. Terry launches a playful jab. Even his play feels tough. Elaine is amused by the bro-mance. She stands next to a framed magazine cover of a GORGEOUS MODEL.
7) 21) dialog: Excuse me, where are my manners? Terry approaches Elaine, taking her hand.
7) 22) text: Terry. And you must be the one and only Elaine. With that he kisses her hand. Elaine can’t help but smile
7) 24) dialog: Anything for family. CLACK. CLACK. High heels walk across the wooden floor. They turn to see CANDICE, early 30s. The same gorgeous mo from the framed photo. In a bikini, with a D&G towel arou her waist. Her nose buried in a BLACKBERRY.
7) 25) dialog: Oh, this is my girl Candice. Candice looks up from her blackberry. Extending her hand each of them. Almost too formally.
7) 27) dialog: As you can see, it’s pool time. Throw your suits on. We’re losing sun.
8) 1) dialog: (Arm around Jarrod) Bar's this way. Jarrod looks to Elaine.
8) 3) text: Club soda. Make it a double. He smiles and heads off with Terry. Denise and Candice lay out their towels and disrobe. Elai watches them reveal their flawless bodies. She caresses h stomach for a moment.
9) 0) text: Jarrod and Terry lean against the bar, taking in the view cute ASIAN BARTENDER pours them shots. Makes more drinks.
9) 2) dialog: Couldn't have done it without you.
9) 4) dialog: They do look nice. They both laugh, toast and down the shots.
9) 6) dialog: Don’t worry, I got some ideas on that.
10) 12) dialog: Everyone’s gettin’ along famously I see. Terry and Jarrod approach the jacuzzi. Drinks in hand.
10) 17) dialog: We got one of those down the block. Elaine concedes with a smile.
10) 18) dialog: But wait until tomorrow- A faint RUMBLING is heard in the distance.
10) 19) dialog: We’re gonna take to the high seas on my new Sunseeker.
10) 21) dialog: A 47 footer. Nothing too crazy. Terry raises his voice to compete with the GROWING RUMBLE
10) 22) dialog: My starter Yacht. The RUMBLE is now THUNDEROUS, drowning out all voices. A SQUADRON OF BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS PASSES OVERHEAD. Elaine and Jarrod look up in awe. The rest of the party c care less. Candice texts. Terry sips his drink casually. The Blackhawks pass. The rumble fades into the distance.
10) 23) dialog: Michael Bay must be coming back from dinner.
11) 0) text: The party has stepped up a notch. Scantily clad WOMEN min with well dressed MEN. Terry leads Jarrod and Elaine through the crowd.
11) 1) dialog: Yo Ryan! RYAN swings around. Big grin on his scruffy, yet boyish f He and Terry hug it out.
11) 2) dialog: How’s that robot fight coming along?
11) 12) dialog: Alright man, cat’s out of the bag. (Let’s out a sigh) I was thinking you should come out here. I could use you. Jarrod starts shaking his head.
11) 13) dialog: No, to hell with that. I need you.
11) 15) dialog: But you have the eye. You know it. Just apply it to something slightly different. Computer’s just a tool. Like a paintbrush. (He takes a sip) Just that my brushes cost 200 grand each. Terry smirks. But Jarrod still isn’t sure.
11) 17) dialog: Come on, man. It’s time to step up. (he takes another sip) Look. There are other artists. Sure. But I need someone I can trust. This whole town is full of flakes. What I need is a brother. Terry puts out for a fist bump. Jarrod leaves him hanging
11) 19) dialog: Well, I can’t take care of everything. 14. Candice approaches in a stunning dress. Terry winks and t her hand, leading her onto the dance floor.
12) 0) text: The vibe is festive. Dancing guests have overflowed into lounge area. Terry and Candice move sensually to the musi Ryan and Denise stand by the edge of the dance area.
15) 11) dialog: Hey. Just checking on... something. He leaves without any further embarrassment.
18) 0) text: Terry shuts the door on the last guests. Ryan and Denise still zoning on the couch. Ryan scuttles closer to her.
20) 2) dialog: Probably just a tremor.
25) 4) dialog: What the hell’s going on?
25) 6) dialog: What’s with you man? Jarrod pushes forward. Twice as strong. Terry gasps. It t everything he’s got to hold Jarrod back. Elaine emerges, rushing towards them.
25) 17) dialog: Where’s Ryan? Terry steps out onto the patio.
26) 0) text: There’s a thick HAZE in the air. He can barely see the st lights below. Denise rushes out and pulls on Terry. Imploring.
26) 2) dialog: Where'd that light come from? She grunts, forcing him back in.
27) 1) dialog: You better start making some sense- Denise’s hand on Terry's chest. Candice glares at them.
27) 5) dialog: Jarrod, man, what did you see? 25. Jarrod stands up, gathering his thoughts. He speaks softl a measured and haunted tone.
27) 8) dialog: What in the hell was that? Terry walks to the windows. Looks through a crack in the blinds. Can't see anything. Turns to the TELESCOPE.
27) 9) dialog: (To Jarrod) Give me a hand. Jarrod helps Terry position the telescope through the cor crack in the blinds.
27) 11) dialog: No, you stop! Nothing makes any sense. We have to know what’s what. Denise is rattled, but she stops protesting. Candice DIALS 911 on her blackberry. Holds the phone to h ears, listening to it ring. Over and over again. Terry changes the input on the TV, broadcasting the Telescope’s LIVE FEED onto the Big Screen. Elaine moves behind Jarrod, puts an arm on his shoulder. looks into her eyes, nodding. He mans the Telescope. TELESCOPE POV: Panning across the skyline - It’s still ha making it hard to see anyone or anything outside. Everyone watches in rapt silence, not sure what to expect 26. TELESCOPE POV: SMOKE PLUMES on the horizon. Eerily calm. There are several ABANDONED CARS in the middle of the Lin Blvd. Then. A HULKING SHADOW tears through the intersecti Jarrod pulls away.
27) 12) dialog: What?
27) 14) dialog: I don’t see anything. TELESCOPE POV: He pans up to the neighboring ROOFTOP wher group of RESIDENTS point and look off in the other direct
27) 15) dialog: Wait, there’s people... Turns back to the group. Points at the neighboring buildi
27) 16) dialog: On the roof.
27) 18) dialog: Can’t tell. But we should check it out. Steps away from the telescope.
27) 19) dialog: Go to the roof. His words hang there for a moment. Jarrod looks down. No one likes the idea, especially Denise.
27) 20) dialog: Come on, Jarrod. Jarrod hesitates. Looks to Elaine then Terry. 27.
27) 26) dialog: Just to be safe. Elaine throws up her arms.
27) 28) dialog: (To Jarrod) Let's go. Jarrod looks to Elaine. Tears in her eyes. He holds her f in his hands. She hesitates, then kisses him.
28) 0) text: The door slowly opens. Terry inches out. Gun drawn. Jarrod follows. Camera around his neck. Everything is quiet. They relax somewhat. 28.
28) 1) dialog: Stairs are this way. They head down the hall. Slowly creeping around the corner. Still not a sound. RUFF! Terry spins around, gun raised to see: An ELDERLY MAN stands in his doorway, holding his SMALL D
28) 3) dialog: Walt. God damn. Scared the hell out of me man. It’s Terry’s neighbor WALT and his BARKING dog MALCOLM.
28) 5) dialog: We're going to check it out-
28) 7) dialog: Listen just stay inside and keep your blinds shut. We’1l be back, okay? Walt nods, closes the door. INT. NORTH STAIRWELL —- DAWN Terry leads the way up the fluorescent lit steps. Jarrod looks over his shoulder, feeling edgy. They reach the top of the stairs.
28) 10) dialog: I'll go first. Watch my back. Jarrod nods. An understanding passes between them. Terry takes a deep breath. Opens the DOOR. LIGHT FLOODS OVER TERRY. But it’s just the SUNRISE.
28) 11) dialog: Come on.
29) 2) dialog: Damn it Jarrod!?
29) 4) dialog: I thought it was common sense!
29) 6) dialog: Get down! They duck down.
31) 0) text: Terry and Jarrod slowly moving up the last steps. 31. On the neighboring building’s ROOFTOP they can see FIVE RESIDENTS staring off at the city in the distance.
32) 1) dialog: What. The. Fuck. A quarter mile wide. Like a single cell organism on an ep scale. It hovers in the air with pure, unadulterated mena Beyond that even more SHIPS become visible. DOZENS of the loom over the entire city. WHOMP. WHOMP. The FREQUENCY sounds. From the bottom of th nearest SHIP the INCANDESCENT SPHERE lowers, softly drift towards the ground before emitting the SIREN LIGHT. Jarrod shields his eyes.
32) 4) dialog: That shit’s over a mile away. Jarrod unblocks his eyes to see Terry’s right. He looks o at the ship. Suddenly they see a SWARM rising through the air. Jarrod raises the camera to his eyes. Zooms in. Focuses. 32. IT’S PEOPLE. Everyone in a three block radius of the SIREN is sucked i the ship by a vacuum force.
32) 5) dialog: That what I think it is?!
32) 8) dialog: What? Jarrod begins backing away.
32) 10) dialog: What?
33) 0) text: Terry and Jarrod jump down the steps, adrenaline on overdrive. 33.
34) 1) dialog: Back up, back up! Terry raises his gun. Aims at the lock. BOOM! BOOM! Jarrod tears at the handle. But it doesn’t budge.
35) 0) text: They burst through the front door. A shaking Jarrod lays Elaine down. She writhes in his arms, slowly coming back consciousness. Denise rushes to help. Holding Elaine’s head up. Terry runs to the freezer, pulls out a bag of ice. Jarrod applies it to Elaine’s forehead. His hands tremble. 34.
36) 0) text: Elaine sits huddled next to Jarrod as Candice and Denise scrub through the PHOTOS on her CAMERA’S LCD DISPLAY. Terry paces back and forth. Eyes determined.
36) 4) dialog: I’m not looking to find out. Candice takes the camera from Denise. Begins scrolling through the photos.
36) 10) dialog: Yeah, fucking brilliant. Everyone turns to stare at Terry. His eyes wide. Perspiri
36) 12) dialog: Who cares? We need to worry about saving ourselves. Jarrod stands up, moving between them.
36) 15) dialog: I got an idea.
36) 17) dialog: Check on my neighbor Walt.
36) 19) dialog: Don’t sweat it, I'll be right back.
36) 21) dialog: I can handle it. Opens the door slowly.
36) 22) dialog: Just be cool. And stay quiet. Terry leaves. And it is quiet for a moment. Elaine sighs and moves towards the...
38) 0) text: Terry stands outside of Walt’s FRONT DOOR. Quietly KNOCKS
38) 1) dialog: (Whispers) Walt... Yo Walt, open up! No answer... He KNOCKS. A little louder this time. Nothin Looks at the DOORBELL. Thinks about pressing it. Almost d But on second thought he tries the HANDLE. IT’S UNLOCKED. INT. WALT’S APARTMENT - FOYER - DAY Terry slowly steps inside. There’s an eerie WHISTLING drifting in from the living ro
38) 2) dialog: Walt? No answer. Terry takes out his gun. Slowly moves into the: INT. WALT’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - DAY It’s a corner unit with an open layout. From here, he can the entire living room. 39.
38) 3) dialog: Anybody here? The PATIO DOOR is cracked open. The whistling is nothing than a busted wind chime. He sighs. Goes to the kitchen counter. Checks the key rac Finds a MERCEDES key. Pockets it.
38) 5) dialog: Jesus! Man, don’t do that.
38) 7) dialog: Listen, I got a plan but I need to borrow your wheels. Walt doesn’t seem too sure.
38) 19) dialog: No! Walt! Terry rises to his feet to see: Walt violently pulled through the air - across the room i THE DRONE - 7 feet tall - a tentacled mass of death. 41. It OPENS - like a bio-mech Venus fly trap - swallowing Wa and his down inside its revolting PUPAS SAC. Terry stares wide eyed at WALT, still alive inside the translucent monster’s WOMB.
38) 20) dialog: Oh shit! Terry unloads on it. The Drone recoils. SIREN LIGHT floods Terry as he turns and sprints, blindly firing over his shoulder. He bolts out the front door.
39) 5) dialog: We gotta get out of here. Now!
39) 7) dialog: We're leaving. Getting on my boat and getting the hell out of here. 42.
39) 9) dialog: Those things are in the Goddamn building. Came right through the patio door... He trails off... Lets out a deep breath.
39) 10) dialog: Point is, we’re no safer here than anywhere else.
39) 17) dialog: Listen Elaine, I know you’re scared. We’re all scared. But I’m not gonna put my head in the sand and hope this goes away. Jarrod steps towards Terry.
39) 19) dialog: There’s nothing easy about this! 43. MRRV! A LOUD CLICK. Followed by a MOTORIZED HUM. LIGHT begins to flood the room. THE BLINDS ARE OPENING.
39) 21) dialog: The timer! Terry and Candice dash to the far side of the room toward the CONTROL PANEL.
39) 22) dialog: Everybody hide! Jarrod pulls Elaine down behind the KITCHEN ISLAND. Denise SCREAMS, rolling onto the floor beneath the couch. THE BLINDS ARE COMPLETELY OPEN. Terry pushes Candice behind the FIREPLACE WALL.
39) 23) dialog: Stay still! As Terry makes for the Control Panel on the wall... SOMETHING turns the corner of the building. A HYDRA.
39) 24) dialog: Damn! Terry doubles back behind the fireplace. He stands face to face with Candice. She gives him a ster glance before they both shut their eyes tight. The SIREN LIGHT BEAMS IN, scanning the condo, raking acro the walls, accompanied by an EERIE HUM.
43) 0) text: Terry and Candice crack open their eyes and look around. He peaks around the corner to see the now full DRONE dock back onto HYDRA as it flies up over the roof. He darts to the control panel, mashing the button. MRRV. The blinds close. Darkness envelops the penthouse.
44) 0) text: Jarrod and Elaine stand up as Terry approaches.
44) 2) dialog: You still want to stay?
44) 4) dialog: Those things aren’t blowing up buildings. They’re going after people. Plain and simple. (turns to Jarrod) Further we get away from all this, the safer we are.
44) 10) dialog: Gather your stuff. Pull together water and food. Let’s do this. Terry pockets the BOAT KEY, and pulls out his GUN.
45) 0) text: Terry leads the crew out the door. Jarrod takes the rear they hustle towards the:
46) 0) text: The crew files in. Terry hits the button labeled Pl. The elevator descends. All eyes fixated on the floor disp A faint BOOM is heard. The elevator RATTLES. Lights FLICK Jarrod pulls Elaine closer. The floor display reads: 5... 4... 3... Terry readies himself. Aims at the door. DING. Display reads: Pl. The doors open. Silence. Nothing but row after row of luxury cars.
47) 0) text: Terry leads the group towards his silver convertible Ferr 46.
47) 1) dialog: The sooner I get there, the sooner that boat is ready to go. Terry tosses WALT’S KEYS to Jarrod. Candice intercepts th
47) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
47) 5) dialog: Candice-
48) 0) text: Terry hops the door into the driver's seat. Denise gets i
49) 0) text: The Ferrari zips backward, out of the parking spot. Terry pulls up to meet Candice behind the wheel of the Mercedes. Jarrod rides shotgun. Elaine in back.
49) 1) dialog: (Leaning out the window) Alright. Take it nice and slow until the second gate. When that opens. We tear ass to the dock. 47.
51) 0) text: They turn the corner to the next level. Passing through t SECOND SECURITY GATE. Amongst the empty cars, a COUPLE loads their SUV. In thei 40s, the HUSBAND and WIFE throw supplies in the back. Terry drives right on by.
54) 0) text: Terry looks back to see the Mercedes pull up behind him. takes a deep breath. Looks to Denise.
54) 1) dialog: Here we go. Terry hits the GARAGE DOOR OPENER. Revs the engine. The gate squeaks and rattles open.
57) 0) text: Terry looks up with wide eyes. He scampers to his feet. The Tanker REARS UP ON ITS HIND LEGS. Enormous. Terrifyin The Ferrari wreckage shakes off its claw, crashing to the ground to reveal: DENISE’S MANGLED BODY strewn across its knuckles.
59) 0) text: Terry limps as fast as he can towards the garage. The Tanker turns. Clenches its RIGHT CLAW. Terry hobbles under the OVERHANG, steps from the gate. The Tanker’s CLAW SWEEPS after him. IT MISSES. Terry falls to the ground. It can’t reach.
59) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch! Lying on his side, Terry pulls the gun from his jeans. He UNLOADS on it. Firing ROUND after ROUND. But the Tanke just keeps coming.
61) 0) text: Terry gets up and limps towards Jarrod. Arms outstretched
62) 0) text: Candice and Elaine SCREAM at the top of their lungs. Terry is RIPPED BACKWARDS, slamming into the TANKER’S CLA His body SNAPS, SWALLOWED through an ORIFICE in its PALM.
82) 0) text: Jarrod stands in the doorway. Over Terry's bed is a PAINTING of an angelic face on a bl background. Jarrod stares at it. Tears welling in his eye 66. Candice enters behind him. They exchange a look.