11) 2) dialog: ...I'll lend it to you. It's a great  book on body piercing.
11) 3) text: Jody, Vincent and a young woman named TRUDI sit at the ki table of a suburban house in Echo Park. Even though Vince at the same table, he's not included in the conversation.
11) 5) dialog: Forget that gun. That gun goes against  the entire idea behind piercing. All  of my piercing, sixteen places on my  body, every one of 'em done with a  needle. Five in each ear. One through  the nipple on my left breast. One  through my right nostril.  One through  my left eyebrow. One through my lip.  One in my clit. And I wear a stud in  my tongue.
11) 8) text: Jody looks at him and says as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
11) 9) dialog: It's a sex thing. It helps fellatio.
11) 10) text: That thought never occurred to Vincent, but he can't deny makes sense. Jody continues talking to Trudi, leaving Vin to ponder the truth of her statement.
35) 2) text: The phone RINGS. Lance puts down his cereal and makes his way to the phone It RINGS again. Jody, his wife, CALLS from the bedroom, obviously woken u
35) 3) dialog: Lance! The phone's ringing!
35) 5) dialog: I thought you told those fuckin'  assholes never to call this late!
35) 25) dialog: What the hell was that?
37) 0) text: WE START in Lance's and Jody's bedroom. Jody, in bed, throws off the covers and stands up. She's  wearing a long tee-shirt with a picture of Fred Flintston on it. We follow HANDHELD behind her as she opens the door, walk through the hall into the living room.
37) 1) dialog: It's only one-thirty in the goddamn  mornin'! What the fuck's goin' on  out here?
37) 3) dialog: Who's she?
37) 4) text: Lance looks up at Jody.
37) 6) dialog: What's wrong with her?
37) 8) dialog: Well get her the hell outta here!
37) 10) dialog: Don't yell and me!
38) 3) text: Lance continues his frenzied search. WE HEAR Jody in the living room now as she talks to Vince
38) 4) dialog: What's he lookin' for?
38) 6) text: Jody calls to LANCE.
38) 7) dialog: What are you lookin' for?
38) 9) text: As he continues searching, flipping and knocking over shi Jody appears in the doorway.
38) 10) dialog: Whata're you looking for?
38) 12) dialog: I never saw a medical book.
38) 14) dialog: Well if it's that important, why  didn't you keep it with the shot?
38) 17) dialog: While you're lookin' for it, that  girl's gonna die on our carpet. You're  never gonna find it in all this shit.   For six months now, I've been telling  you to clean this room В–
38) 22) text: Lance bends down by the black case brought in by Jody. He opens it and begins preparing the needle for injection.
38) 24) text: Vince rips her blouse open. Jody stumbles back in the room, hanging back from the act
38) 30) text: As Lance readies the injection, Vincent looks up at Jody.
38) 32) dialog: What?
38) 34) dialog: Hold on.
38) 35) text: Jody runs to the desk, opens the top drawer and, in her  enthusiasm, she pulls the drawer out of the desk, the con of which (bills, papers, pens) spill to the floor. The injection is ready. Lance hands Vincent the needle.
38) 41) text: Jody hurriedly joins them in the huddle, a big fat red ma marker in her hand.
38) 42) dialog: Got it.
38) 43) text: Vincent grabs the magic marker out of Jody's hand and mak a big red dot on Mia's body where her heart is.
38) 60) text: Jody's face is alive with anticipation. NEEDLE in that air, poised like a rattler ready to strike
38) 62) text: The needle leaves frame, THRUSTING down hard. Vincent brings the needle down hard, STABBING Mia in the  chest. Mia's head is JOLTED from the impact. The syringe plunger is pushed down, PUMPING the adrenalin out through the needle. Mia's eyes POP WIDE OPEN and she lets out a HELLISH cry o the banshee. She BOLTS UP in a sitting position, needle s in her chest В– SCREAMING. Vincent, Lance and Jody, who were in sitting positions in front of Mia, JUMP BACK, scared to death. Mia's scream runs out. She slowly starts taking breaths o air. The other three, now scooted halfway across the room, sha to their bones, look to see if she's alright.
38) 67) dialog: Anybody want a beer?