7) 101) text: We FADE UP on BUTCH COOLIDGE, a white, 26-year-old  prizefighter.  Butch sits at a table wearing a red and bl high school athletic jacket. Talking to him OFF SCREEN is everybody's boss MARSELLUS WALLACE. The black man sounds  like a cross between a gangster and a king.
7) 102) dialog: I think you're gonna find В– when all  this shit is over and done В– I think  you're gonna find yourself one smilin'  motherfucker. Thing is Butch, right  now you got ability. But painful as  it may be, ability don't last. Now  that's a hard motherfuckin' fact of  life, but it's a fact of life your  ass is gonna hafta git realistic  about. This business is filled to  the brim with unrealistic  motherfuckers who thought their ass  aged like wine.  Besides, even if  you went all the way, what would you  be? Feather-weight champion of the  world. Who gives a shit? I doubt you  can even get a credit card based on  that.
7) 104) dialog: Now the night of the fight, you may  fell a slight sting, that's pride  fuckin' wit ya.  Fuck pride! Pride  only hurts, it never helps. Fight  through that shit. 'Cause a year  from now, when you're kickin' it in  the Caribbean you're gonna say,  "Marsellus Wallace was right."
7) 106) dialog: In the fifth, your ass goes down.
7) 108) dialog: Say it!
9) 0) text: Sally LeRoy's is a large topless bar by LAX that Marsellu owns. Vincent's classic Malibu WHIPS into the near empty parkin lot and parks next to a white Honda Civic. Vince knocks on the door. The front entrance is unlocked, revealing the Dapper Dan fellow on the inside: ENGLISH DA Dave isn't really English, he's a young black man from Ba Park, who has run a few clubs for Marsellus, including Sa LeRoy's.
10) 3) text: VINCENT'S POV: Butch shakes hands with a huge figure with his back to us. The huge figure is the infamous and as of yet still UNSEEN Marsellus.
10) 27) dialog: Vincent Vega has entered the building,  git your ass over here!
10) 28) text: Vincent walks forward OUT OF FRAME, never giving Butch an glance. We DOLLY INTO CU on Butch, left alone in the FRAM looking like he's ready to go into the manners-teaching  business. BUTCH'S POV: Vincent hugging and kissing the obscured fig that is Marsellus. Butch makes the wise decision that is this asshole's a fr of Marsellus, he better let it go В– for now.
47) 3) text: In the room, black boxer FLOYD RAY WILLIS lies on a table dead. His face looks like he went dunking for bees. His TRAINER on his knees, head on Floyd's chest, crying over the body The huge figure that is Marsellus Wallace stands at the t hand on the Trainer's shoulder, lending emotional support We still do not see Marsellus clearly, only that he is bi Mia sits in a chair at the far end of the room. Marsellus looks up, sees English Dave and walks over to h
47) 4) dialog: What'cha got?
47) 6) dialog: I'm prepared to scour the earth for  this motherfucker. If Butch goes to  Indo China, I want a nigger hidin'  in a bowl of rice, ready to pop a  cap in his ass.
62) 7) text: Marsellus Wallace lies sprawled out in the street. GAWKER gather around the body.
62) 9) text: This jerk's yelling makes Marsellus come to. TWO PEDESTRIANS help the shaken Butch out of the wreckage The woozy Marsellus gets to his feet.
62) 11) dialog: (still incoherent) Who?
62) 13) text: Marsellus follows the Gawker's finger and sees Butch Cool down the street, looking a shambles.
62) 14) dialog: Well, I'll be damned.
62) 15) text: The big man takes out a .45 Automatic and the Gawkers bac away. Marsellus starts moving toward Butch. Butch sees the fierce figure making a wobbly bee-line tow him.
62) 17) text: Marsellus brings up his weapon and FIRES, but he's so hur shaky and dazed that his arm goes wild. He HITS a LOOKY-LOO WOMAN in the hip. She falls to the gr screaming.
62) 19) text: That's all Butch needs to see. He's outta here. Marsellus RUNS after him. The CROWD looks agape. Butch is in a mad, limping RUN. The big man's hot on his ass with a cockeyed wobbly run. Butch cuts across traffic and dashes into a business with sign that reads "MASON-DIXIE PAWNSHOP".
63) 5) text: Before Maynard can finish his threat, Marsellus CHARGES i He doesn't get past the doorway because Butch LANDS his f in Marsellus' face. The gangster's feet go out from under him and the big man FALLS FLAT on his back. Outside, two police cars with their SIRENS BLARING race b Butch POUNCES on the fallen body, PUNCHING him twice more the face. Butch takes the gun out of Marsellus' hand, than grabs ah of his middle finger.
63) 7) text: He BREAKS the finger. Marsellus lets out a pain sound.  B then places the barrel of the .45 between his eyes, PULLS back the hammer and places his open hand behind the gun t shield the splatter.
63) 10) text: Butch and Marsellus look up at Maynard, who's brandishing pumpaction shotgun, aimed at the two men.
63) 15) text: Butch slowly gets up and moves to the counter. As soon as gets there, Maynard HAULS OFF, HITTING him hard in the fa with the butt of the shotgun, knocking Butch down and out After Butch goes down, Maynard calmly lays the shotgun on the counter and moves to the telephone. Marsellus Wallace, from his position on the floor, groggi watches the pawnshop owner dial a number. Maynard waits o the line while the other end rings. Then it picks up.
63) 17) text: Marsellus passes out.
64) 1) text: They are tied up in two separate chairs. In their mouths two S&amp;M-style ball gags (a belt goes around their hea a little red ball sticks in their mouths). Both men are  unconscious. Maynard steps in with a fire extinguisher and SPRAYS both guys until they're wide awake and wet as otters. The two  prisoners look up at their captors. Maynard stands in front of them, fire extinguisher in one hand, shotgun in the other, and Marsellus' .45 sticking i his belt.
64) 5) text: Without saying another word, Maynard climbs up the stairs that lead to red curtains and goes through them. WE HEAR, on the other side of the curtains, Maynard let Z inside the store. Butch and Marsellus look around the room. The basement of the pawnshop has been converted into a dungeon. After tak in their predicament, Butch and Marsellus look at each ot all traces of hostility gone, replaced by a terror they b share at what they've gotten themselves into. Maynard and ZED come through the curtains. Zed is an even more intense version of Maynard, if such a thing is possi The two hillbillys are obviously brothers. Where Maynard a vicious pitbull, Zed is a deadly cobra. Zed walks in an stands in front of the two captives. He inspects them for long time, then says:
64) 26) text: Then with his little finger, Zed does a silent "Eenie, me miney, moe... " just his mouth mouthing the words and his finger going back and forth between the two. Butch are Marsellus are terrified. Maynard looks back and forth at the victims. The Gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask Zed continues his silent sing-song with his finger moving left to right, then it stops.
64) 27) text: After a beat, THE CAMERA MOVES to the right, zeroing in o Marsellus. Zed stands up.
64) 30) text: Zed grabs Marsellus' chair and DRAGS him into Russell's o room. Russell, no doubt, was some other poor bastard that has t misfortune of stumbling into the Mason-Dixie pawnshop.  Whatever happened to Russell is known only to Maynard and Zed because his old room, a back room in the back of the  back room, is empty. As Marsellus is dragged away, he locks eyes with Butch be he disappears behind the door of Russell's old room.
64) 36) text: We the HEAR Maynard and Zed beat on Marsellus.
65) 0) text: Butch sneaks to the door. On the counter is a big set of keys with a large Z connec to the ring. Grabbing them, he's about to go out when he  stops and listens to the hillbilly psychopaths having the way with Marsellus. Butch decides for the life of him, he can't leave anybody a situation like that. Se he begins rooting around the  pawnshop for a weapon to bash those hillbillies' heads in with. He picks up a big destructive-looking hammer, then discar it: Not destructive enough. He picks up a chainsaw, think about it for a moment, then puts it back. Next, a large  Louisville slugger he tries on for size. But then he spot what he's been looking for: A Samurai sword. It hands in its hand-carved wood sheath from a nail on th wall, next to a neon "DAD'S OLD-FASHIONED ROOT BEER" sign Butch takes the sword off the wall, removing it from its  sheath. It's a magnificent piece of steel. It seems to gl in the low-wattage light of the pawnshop. Butch touches h thumb to the blade to see if the sword is just for show. on your life. It's as sharp as it gets. This weapon seems made to order for the Brothers Grimm downstairs. Holding sword pointed downward, Takakura Kenstyle, he disappears  through the red curtains to take care of business.
67) 0) text: Butch's hand comes into frame, pushing the door open. It  swings open silently, revealing the rapists, who have swi positions. Zed is now bent over Marsellus, who is bent over a wooden horse. Maynard watches. Both have their backs to Butch. Maynard faces the CAMERA, grinning, while Butch comes up  behind him with the sword. Miserable, violated, and looking like a rag doll, Marsell red ball gag still in mouth, opens his watery eyes to see Butch coming up behind Maynard. His eyes widen.
67) 2) text: Maynard turns and sees Butch holding the sword. Butch SCREAMS... with one mighty SWING, SLASHES Maynard a the front, moving past him, eyes and blade now locked on  Zed. Maynard stands trembling, his front sliced open, in shock Butch, while never taking his eyes off Zed, THRUSTS the s behind him, SKEWERING Maynard, then EXTRACTS it, pointing the blade toward Zed. Maynard COLLAPSES. Zed disengages from Marsellus in a hurry and his eyes go  from the tip of Butch's sword to Marsellus' .45 Automatic which lies within reach. Butch's eyes follow Zed's.
67) 5) dialog: Step aside, Butch.
67) 6) text: Butch steps aside, REVEALING Marsellus standing behind hi holding Maynard's pump-action shotgun.
67) 9) dialog: Naw man. I'm pretty fuckin' far from  okay!
67) 12) dialog: What now? Well let me tell you what  now.  I'm gonna call a couple pipe- hittin' niggers, who'll go to work  on homes here with a pair of pliers  and a blow torch. (to Zed) Hear me talkin' hillbilly boy?! I  ain't through with you by a damn  sight. I'm gonna git Medieval on  your ass.
67) 14) dialog: Oh, that what now? Well, let me tell  ya what now between me an' you. There  is no me an' you. Not no more.
67) 16) dialog: Yeah man, we're cool. One thing I  ask В– two things I ask: Don't tell  nobody about this. This shit's between  me and you and the soon-to-be-livin'- the-rest-of-his-short-ass-life-in- agonizing-pain, Mr. Rapist here. It  ain't nobody else's business. Two:  leave town. Tonight. Right now. And  when you're gone, stay gone.  You've  lost your Los Angeles privileges.   Deal?
67) 19) dialog: Go on now, get your ass outta here.
67) 20) text: Butch leaves Russell's old room through the red curtains. Marsellus walks over to a phone, dialing a number.
67) 21) dialog: (into the phone) Hello Mr. Wolf, it's Marsellus. Gotta  bit of a situation.
78) 0) text: Marsellus Wallace sits at his dining table in a big comfy robe, eating his large breakfast, while talking on the ph
78) 1) dialog: ...well, say she comes home. Whaddya  think she'll do? (pause) No fuckin' shit she'll freak. That  ain't no kinda answer. You know 'er,  I don't.  How bad, a lot or a little?
79) 2) dialog: I've grasped that, Jules. All I'm  doin' is contemplating the "ifs."
79) 4) dialog: You ain't got no problems, Jules.  I'm on the motherfucker. Go back in  there, chill them niggers out and  wait for The Wolf, who should be  comin' directly.
79) 6) dialog: Feel better?