63) 0) text: MAYNARD, a hillbilly-lookin' boy, stands behind the count of his pawnshop when, all of a sudden, chaos in the form Butch RACES into his world.
63) 1) dialog: Can I help you wit' somethin'?
63) 4) dialog: Now you just wait one goddamn minute  В–
63) 5) text: Before Maynard can finish his threat, Marsellus CHARGES i He doesn't get past the doorway because Butch LANDS his f in Marsellus' face. The gangster's feet go out from under him and the big man FALLS FLAT on his back. Outside, two police cars with their SIRENS BLARING race b Butch POUNCES on the fallen body, PUNCHING him twice more the face. Butch takes the gun out of Marsellus' hand, than grabs ah of his middle finger.
63) 9) dialog: В– hold it right there, godammit!
63) 10) text: Butch and Marsellus look up at Maynard, who's brandishing pumpaction shotgun, aimed at the two men.
63) 12) dialog: В– I'm makin' it my business! Now  toss that gun!
63) 14) dialog: Now you on top, stand up and come to  the counter.
63) 15) text: Butch slowly gets up and moves to the counter. As soon as gets there, Maynard HAULS OFF, HITTING him hard in the fa with the butt of the shotgun, knocking Butch down and out After Butch goes down, Maynard calmly lays the shotgun on the counter and moves to the telephone. Marsellus Wallace, from his position on the floor, groggi watches the pawnshop owner dial a number. Maynard waits o the line while the other end rings. Then it picks up.
63) 16) dialog: Zed? It's Maynard. The spider just  caught a coupl'a flies.
64) 1) text: They are tied up in two separate chairs. In their mouths two S&amp;M-style ball gags (a belt goes around their hea a little red ball sticks in their mouths). Both men are  unconscious. Maynard steps in with a fire extinguisher and SPRAYS both guys until they're wide awake and wet as otters. The two  prisoners look up at their captors. Maynard stands in front of them, fire extinguisher in one hand, shotgun in the other, and Marsellus' .45 sticking i his belt.
64) 2) dialog: Nobody kills anybody in my place of  business except me or Zed.
64) 4) dialog: That's Zed.
64) 5) text: Without saying another word, Maynard climbs up the stairs that lead to red curtains and goes through them. WE HEAR, on the other side of the curtains, Maynard let Z inside the store. Butch and Marsellus look around the room. The basement of the pawnshop has been converted into a dungeon. After tak in their predicament, Butch and Marsellus look at each ot all traces of hostility gone, replaced by a terror they b share at what they've gotten themselves into. Maynard and ZED come through the curtains. Zed is an even more intense version of Maynard, if such a thing is possi The two hillbillys are obviously brothers. Where Maynard a vicious pitbull, Zed is a deadly cobra. Zed walks in an stands in front of the two captives. He inspects them for long time, then says:
64) 7) dialog: I did.
64) 9) dialog: They did that to each other. They  was fightin' when they came in. This  one was gonna shoot that one.
64) 13) dialog: Yeah, it ain't Tuesday is it?
64) 15) dialog: Then she'll be fine.
64) 17) dialog: I think The Gimp's sleepin'.
64) 19) text: Maynard opens a trap door in the floor.
64) 20) dialog: (yelling in the hole) Wake up!
64) 21) text: Maynard reaches into the hole and comes back holding onto leash. He gives it a rough yank and, from below the floor, rises THE GIMP. The Gimp is a man they keep dressed from head to toe in b leather bondage gear. There are zippers, buckles and stud here and there on the body. On his head is a black leathe mask with two eye holes and a zipper (closed) for a mouth They keep him in a hole in the floor big enough for a lar dog. Zed takes the chair, sits it in front of the two prisoner then lowers into it. Maynard hands The Gimp's leash to Ze then backs away.
64) 22) dialog: (to The Gimp) Down!
64) 23) text: The Gimp gets on its knees. Maynard hangs back while Zed appraises the two men.
64) 24) dialog: Who's first?
64) 26) text: Then with his little finger, Zed does a silent "Eenie, me miney, moe... " just his mouth mouthing the words and his finger going back and forth between the two. Butch are Marsellus are terrified. Maynard looks back and forth at the victims. The Gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask Zed continues his silent sing-song with his finger moving left to right, then it stops.
64) 29) dialog: Naw, drag big boy to Russell's old  room.
64) 30) text: Zed grabs Marsellus' chair and DRAGS him into Russell's o room. Russell, no doubt, was some other poor bastard that has t misfortune of stumbling into the Mason-Dixie pawnshop.  Whatever happened to Russell is known only to Maynard and Zed because his old room, a back room in the back of the  back room, is empty. As Marsellus is dragged away, he locks eyes with Butch be he disappears behind the door of Russell's old room.
64) 31) dialog: (to The Gimp) Up!
64) 32) text: The Gimp rises. Maynard ties The Gimp's leash to a hook o the ceiling.
64) 33) dialog: Keep an eye on this one.
64) 34) text: The Gimp bows its head: "yes." Maynard disappears into  Russell's old room. There must be a stereo in there becau suddenly The Judds, singing in harmony, fills the air. Butch looks at The Gimp. The Gimp giggles from underneath the mask as if this were the funniest moment in the histo of comedy. From behind the door we hear country MUSIC, struggling, a
64) 35) dialog: Whoa, this boy's got a bit of fight  in 'em!
64) 36) text: We the HEAR Maynard and Zed beat on Marsellus.
64) 39) dialog: That's it... that's it boy, you're  goin' fine. Oooooooh, just like  that... that's good. (grunting faster) Stay still... stay still goddamn ya!  Zed goddammit, git over here and  hold 'em!
67) 0) text: Butch's hand comes into frame, pushing the door open. It  swings open silently, revealing the rapists, who have swi positions. Zed is now bent over Marsellus, who is bent over a wooden horse. Maynard watches. Both have their backs to Butch. Maynard faces the CAMERA, grinning, while Butch comes up  behind him with the sword. Miserable, violated, and looking like a rag doll, Marsell red ball gag still in mouth, opens his watery eyes to see Butch coming up behind Maynard. His eyes widen.
67) 2) text: Maynard turns and sees Butch holding the sword. Butch SCREAMS... with one mighty SWING, SLASHES Maynard a the front, moving past him, eyes and blade now locked on  Zed. Maynard stands trembling, his front sliced open, in shock Butch, while never taking his eyes off Zed, THRUSTS the s behind him, SKEWERING Maynard, then EXTRACTS it, pointing the blade toward Zed. Maynard COLLAPSES. Zed disengages from Marsellus in a hurry and his eyes go  from the tip of Butch's sword to Marsellus' .45 Automatic which lies within reach. Butch's eyes follow Zed's.
67) 6) text: Butch steps aside, REVEALING Marsellus standing behind hi holding Maynard's pump-action shotgun.