64) 21) text: Maynard reaches into the hole and comes back holding onto leash. He gives it a rough yank and, from below the floor, rises THE GIMP. The Gimp is a man they keep dressed from head to toe in b leather bondage gear. There are zippers, buckles and stud here and there on the body. On his head is a black leathe mask with two eye holes and a zipper (closed) for a mouth They keep him in a hole in the floor big enough for a lar dog. Zed takes the chair, sits it in front of the two prisoner then lowers into it. Maynard hands The Gimp's leash to Ze then backs away.
64) 23) text: The Gimp gets on its knees. Maynard hangs back while Zed appraises the two men.
64) 26) text: Then with his little finger, Zed does a silent "Eenie, me miney, moe... " just his mouth mouthing the words and his finger going back and forth between the two. Butch are Marsellus are terrified. Maynard looks back and forth at the victims. The Gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask Zed continues his silent sing-song with his finger moving left to right, then it stops.
64) 32) text: The Gimp rises. Maynard ties The Gimp's leash to a hook o the ceiling.
64) 34) text: The Gimp bows its head: "yes." Maynard disappears into  Russell's old room. There must be a stereo in there becau suddenly The Judds, singing in harmony, fills the air. Butch looks at The Gimp. The Gimp giggles from underneath the mask as if this were the funniest moment in the histo of comedy. From behind the door we hear country MUSIC, struggling, a
64) 38) text: Butch pauses, listens to the voices. Then, in a panic,  hurriedly struggles to get free. The Gimp is laughing wildly. The ropes are on too tight and Butch can't break free. The Gimp slaps his knee laughing In the back room, we hea
64) 40) text: Butch stops struggling and lifts up on his arms. Then, qu easily, the padded chair back slides up and off as if it  were never connected by a bolt. The Gimp sees this and its eyes widen.
64) 41) dialog: Huhng?
64) 42) text: The Gimp FLAILS WILDLY, trying to get the leash off the h He tries to yell, but all that comes out are excited gurg and grunts. Butch is out of his chair, quickly dispensing three BOXER PUNCHES to its face. The punches knock The Gimp out, maki him fall to his knees, this HANGING HIMSELF by the leash  attached to the hook, Butch removes the ball gag, then  silently makes his way through the red curtains.