0) 13) text: A WAITRESS comes by with a pot of coffee.
0) 14) dialog: Can I get anybody anymore coffee?
0) 16) text: The Waitress pours the Young Woman's coffee. The Young Ma lights up another cigarette.
0) 18) text: The Waitress leaves. The Young Man takes a drag off of hi smoke. The Young Woman pours a ton of cream and sugar into her  coffee. The Young Man goes right back into it.
0) 35) text: He calls to the Waitress.
0) 39) text: The Waitress comes by, pouring him some more.
0) 40) dialog: (snotty) "Garcon" means boy.
0) 58) text: The Young Woman scans the restaurant with this new  information. She sees all the PATRONS eating, lost in conversations. T tired WAITRESS, taking orders. The BUSBOYS going through motions, collecting dishes. The MANAGER complaining to th COOK about something. A smiles breaks out on the Young Wo face.
27) 0) text: In the past six years, 50's diners have sprung up all ove L.A., giving Thai restaurants a run for their money. They all basically the same. Decor out of an "Archie" comic bo Golden Oldies constantly emanating from a bubbly Wurlitze saucy waitresses in bobby socks, menus with items like th Fats Domino Cheeseburger, or the Wolfman Jack Omelet, and over prices that pay for all this bullshit. But then there's JACKRABBIT SLIM'S, the big mama of 50's  diners. Either the best or the worst, depending on your point of  view. Vincent's Malibu pulls up to the restaurant. A big sign w a neon figure of a cartoon surly cool cat jackrabbit in a red windbreaker towers over the establishment. Underneath the cartoon is the name: JACKRABBIT SLIM'S. Underneath th is the slogan: "Next best thing to a time machine."
28) 1) text: THE CRAB MONSTER," and "MACHINE GUN KELLY"). The booths t the patrons sit in are made out of the cut up bodies of 5 cars. In the middle of the restaurant in a dance floor. A big s on the wall states, "No shoes allowed." Some wannabe bebo (actually Melrose-types), do the twist in their socks or  barefeet. The picture windows don't look out the street, but instea B &amp; W movies of 50's street scenes play behind them. WAITRESSES and WAITERS are made up as replicas of 50's ic MARILYN MONROE, ZORRO, JAMES DEAN, DONNA REED, MARTIN and LEWIS, and THE PHILIP MORRIS MIDGET, wait on tables weari appropriate costumes. Vincent and Mia study the menu in a booth made out of a r '59 Edsel. BUDDY HOLLY (their waiter), comes over, sporti a big button on his chest that says: "Hi I'm Buddy, pleas you please me."
30) 7) text: Then, pointing at a BLONDE WAITRESS in a tight sweater an capri pants, taking an order from a bunch of FILM GEEKS В
91) 0) text: Jules and Vincent sit at a booth. In front of Vincent is big stack of pancakes and sausages, which he eats with gu Jules, on the other hand, just has a cup of coffee and a  muffin. He seems far away in thought. The Waitress pours refill for both men,
91) 30) text: Vincent takes a bite of food. Jules takes a sip of coffee the b.g., we see a PATRON call the Waitress.
93) 93) text: Vincent throws some money on the table and Jules grabs th briefcase. Then, to the amazement of the Patrons, the Waitresses, th Cooks, the Bus Boys, and the Manager, these two bad-ass d В– wearing UC Santa Cruz and "I'm with Stupid" tee-shirts swim trunks, thongs and packing .45 Automatics В– walk ou the coffee shop together without saying a word.