58) 2) text: He picks up the intimidating peace of weaponry and examin it. Then... a toilet FLUSHES. Butch looks up to the bathroom door, which is parallel to the kitchen. There is someone behind it. Like a rabbit caught in a radish patch, Butch freezes, no knowing what to do. The bathroom door opens and Vincent Vega steps out of the bathroom, tightening his belt. In his hand is the book  "MODESTY BLAISE" by Peter O'Donnell. Vincent and Butch lock eyes. Vincent freezes. Butch doesn't move, except to point the M61 in Vincent's  direction. Neither man opens his mouth. Then... the toaster LOUDLY kicks up the Pop Tarts. That's all the situation needed. Butch's finger HITS the trigger. MUFFLED FIRE SHOOTS out of the end of the gun. Vincent is seemingly WRACKED with twenty bullets  SIMULTANEOUSLY В– LIFTING him off his feet, PROPELLING hi through the air and CRASHING through the glass shower doo at the end of the bathroom. By the time Butch removes his finger from the trigger, Vi is annihilated. Butch stands frozen, amazed at what just happened. His lo goes from the grease spot in the bathroom that was once  Vincent, down to the powerful piece of artillery in his g With the respect it deserves, Butch carefully places the back on the kitchen counter. Then he exits the apartment, quickly.
62) 17) text: Marsellus brings up his weapon and FIRES, but he's so hur shaky and dazed that his arm goes wild. He HITS a LOOKY-LOO WOMAN in the hip. She falls to the gr screaming.
64) 5) text: Without saying another word, Maynard climbs up the stairs that lead to red curtains and goes through them. WE HEAR, on the other side of the curtains, Maynard let Z inside the store. Butch and Marsellus look around the room. The basement of the pawnshop has been converted into a dungeon. After tak in their predicament, Butch and Marsellus look at each ot all traces of hostility gone, replaced by a terror they b share at what they've gotten themselves into. Maynard and ZED come through the curtains. Zed is an even more intense version of Maynard, if such a thing is possi The two hillbillys are obviously brothers. Where Maynard a vicious pitbull, Zed is a deadly cobra. Zed walks in an stands in front of the two captives. He inspects them for long time, then says:
64) 6) dialog: (to Maynard) You said you waited for me?
64) 8) dialog: Then how come they're all beat up?
64) 10) dialog: (to Butch) You were gonna shoot him?
64) 12) dialog: Hey, is Grace gonna be okay in front  of this place?
64) 14) dialog: No, it's Thursday.
64) 16) dialog: Bring out The Gimp.
64) 18) dialog: Well, I guess you'll just wake 'em  up then, won't you?
64) 21) text: Maynard reaches into the hole and comes back holding onto leash. He gives it a rough yank and, from below the floor, rises THE GIMP. The Gimp is a man they keep dressed from head to toe in b leather bondage gear. There are zippers, buckles and stud here and there on the body. On his head is a black leathe mask with two eye holes and a zipper (closed) for a mouth They keep him in a hole in the floor big enough for a lar dog. Zed takes the chair, sits it in front of the two prisoner then lowers into it. Maynard hands The Gimp's leash to Ze then backs away.
64) 23) text: The Gimp gets on its knees. Maynard hangs back while Zed appraises the two men.
64) 25) dialog: I ain't fer sure yet.
64) 26) text: Then with his little finger, Zed does a silent "Eenie, me miney, moe... " just his mouth mouthing the words and his finger going back and forth between the two. Butch are Marsellus are terrified. Maynard looks back and forth at the victims. The Gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask Zed continues his silent sing-song with his finger moving left to right, then it stops.
64) 27) text: After a beat, THE CAMERA MOVES to the right, zeroing in o Marsellus. Zed stands up.
64) 28) dialog: Wanna do it here?
64) 30) text: Zed grabs Marsellus' chair and DRAGS him into Russell's o room. Russell, no doubt, was some other poor bastard that has t misfortune of stumbling into the Mason-Dixie pawnshop.  Whatever happened to Russell is known only to Maynard and Zed because his old room, a back room in the back of the  back room, is empty. As Marsellus is dragged away, he locks eyes with Butch be he disappears behind the door of Russell's old room.
64) 36) text: We the HEAR Maynard and Zed beat on Marsellus.
64) 37) dialog: You wanna fight? You wanna fight?  Good, I like to fight!
67) 0) text: Butch's hand comes into frame, pushing the door open. It  swings open silently, revealing the rapists, who have swi positions. Zed is now bent over Marsellus, who is bent over a wooden horse. Maynard watches. Both have their backs to Butch. Maynard faces the CAMERA, grinning, while Butch comes up  behind him with the sword. Miserable, violated, and looking like a rag doll, Marsell red ball gag still in mouth, opens his watery eyes to see Butch coming up behind Maynard. His eyes widen.
67) 2) text: Maynard turns and sees Butch holding the sword. Butch SCREAMS... with one mighty SWING, SLASHES Maynard a the front, moving past him, eyes and blade now locked on  Zed. Maynard stands trembling, his front sliced open, in shock Butch, while never taking his eyes off Zed, THRUSTS the s behind him, SKEWERING Maynard, then EXTRACTS it, pointing the blade toward Zed. Maynard COLLAPSES. Zed disengages from Marsellus in a hurry and his eyes go  from the tip of Butch's sword to Marsellus' .45 Automatic which lies within reach. Butch's eyes follow Zed's.
67) 4) text: Zed's hand inches toward the weapon. Butch GRIPS the sword tighter. Zed studies Butch. Butch looks hard at Zed. Then a VOICE says:
68) 0) text: Butch, still shaking in his boots, exits the pawnshop. He looks ahead and sees, parked in front of the establishmen Zed's Big Chrome Chopper with a teardrop gas tank that ha the name "GRACE" on it. He climbs aboard, takes out the k with the big Z on them and starts up the huge hog. It RUM to life, making sounds like a rocket fighting for orbit.  Butch twists the accelerator handle and SPEEDS off. WE CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN...