9) 16) dialog: 
9) 17) text: We see a blurry vision of The Chinese Preacher's splayed figure in a swirl of color. Chuy's attention focuses on the Preacher's shoes.
9) 18) dialog: 
9) 19) dialog: (a whisper)
9) 22) dialog: hears a strange sound, a rhythmic clicking. His head lifts and what he sees causes his expression to change--there is an uncharacteristic flicker of excitemen his eyes.
9) 24) dialog: His eyes follow the figure down to the pavement in a slow arc. Chuy puts down the wire miniature and opens the window to a better view.
9) 26) dialog: We isolate the boy's face and, on the soundtrack, every o noise FADES AWAY. Chuy reaches for a pair of SPOONS nearby. He begins to click them together. Imitating the strange clicking sound heard a moment ago.
9) 28) dialog: watches, still clicking with his spoons.
9) 30) dialog: His spoons stop. His jaw tightens a little as we hear terrible cracking and scraping sounds.
9) 32) dialog: watches, still fascinated.
9) 33) dialog: (very low)
24) 0) text: The last DOH van takes off under the heavy rain. Across the street, Chuy looks down from his apartment win
25) 0) text: Chuy sits at the window, twisting wire into a human-like figure.  MOVING past him, we see a group of other WIRE FIGURES on the table, backs of chairs, lamps, everywhere. Manny sits at the kitchen table. He IGNITES a can of shoe polish with a match, then lights a cigarette off the flam He puts the cigarette in his mouth and proceeds to polish pair of shoes. A SILLY SHOW plays over the TV.
25) 9) dialog: His face shows a bit of animation.
25) 10) dialog: Funny Shoes... Manny looks up from the book.
25) 11) dialog: Alli.  Mr. Funny Shoes. Manny comes over, looks out.
25) 17) dialog: Mr. Funny Shoes...
40) 8) dialog: Gucci.  Flat pump. She looks down at Chuy, who sits nearby, holding a PAIR O SPOONS.
40) 11) text: That's wonderful!  What grade are you in? Chuy doesn't answer.
49) 0) text: Salmon-colored LIGHT slants in from sodium vapor streetli PAN through the shadowy room, past Manny's sleeping form Chuy, asleep under a tent made of an old Star Wars blanke A RHYTHMICAL CLICKING SOUND is heard from outside. Chuy pops his head out from under the blanket, listening.
50) 0) text: Wearing only his pajama bottoms, Chuy steps out on the fi escape with his spoons in hand. The CLICKING RESUMES from the building across the street.
51) 0) text: Chuy steps into the lobby. The CLICKING comes again, from further inside. Chuy moves to find it.
51) 3) dialog: stares without emotion at the plaster figure. MOVEMENT to his side.  He turns again. A dimly-lit FIGURE stands before him. Shapes fold and regroup in the darkness, resolving into t tall figure of the OVERCOAT MAN. The Man begins to emit the CLICKING NOISE from under his chin, his whole head VIBRATING. Chuy smiles.  He has a beautiful smile.
51) 4) dialog: Mr. Funny Shoes. He plays his spoons, imitating the sound the figure made. He is answered...but this time, it's from the other side the room. We PAN as he turns. ANOTHER OVERCOAT MAN appears in the shadows. Chuy GIGGLES, delighted.
53) 0) text: The blue hours before dawn. Laconic movement outside.  Ne York dragging itself out of bed. We FIND Manny fixing some melted cheese sandwiches on a h plate. He addresses Chuy's tented bed behind him.
53) 3) text: We're low on milk, you remind Grampa to pick some up tonight, okay? He walks over to Chuy's tent bed. He pulls the sheets asi His grandson is gone.
62) 3) text: 2... 8... 7... 3. What does this mean "case number"? Okay. So, now what?  When can you...? He holds a color snapshot of Chuy sitting on a mailbox.
83) 2) text: Nino... He swings the light onto Chuy, sitting on the floor befor the remains of a RUSTY COLUMN.  That beautiful, emotionle smile on his pale face.
83) 16) text: Chuy...
83) 17) dialog: (whispers)
83) 21) dialog: Friends. The Albino CLICKS his jaws, moving in toward Manny.
83) 22) dialog: plays his SPOONS in perfect imitation.