12) 19) text: I gotta go. Josh's picking me up in five. see you tonight.
14) 0) text: Peter's right hand man, JOSH MASLOW -- a young, good-natu can-do guy -- drives.
14) 1) dialog: ...So I say "buddy, you have every violation in the book.  Gimme one good reason not to close you down." You know what the Kraut says to me? In the back, Peter finishes changing out of his jogging sweats and into his worksuit.
14) 2) dialog: The blintzes!  "Try the blintzes..."
14) 5) dialog: Not just any carbohydrates, mind you. It was like being on the receiving end of some kind of transcendent oral sex. (honks furiously)
15) 0) text: The Department of Health van pulls up outside the flophou where the Chinese Preacher died. Peter and Josh get out. COPS push back a few ONLOOKERS. Josh proudly flashes his badge.
15) 1) dialog: Health Department... The cops let them pass.
15) 3) dialog: Hey. I'm a short guy. Waddaya want? Two cops -- WOYCHEK and RICE -- approach, in no real hurr
15) 16) dialog: uses an iron bar, and breaks a padlocked cellar door. A h stench emanates from inside. The cops cover their noses.
16) 0) text: Peter and Josh enter a dingy, dungeon-like cellar, illuminated only by bug zappers and emergency lights. Eve door and window has been nailed shut or sports a heavy-du padlock. Peter and Josh walk through the dismal scene. In sharp contrast with the dirt-smeared walls, we see shi metallic SEWING MACHINES and swatches of cloth appliqued a FUNNY BUNNY cartoon character. Josh examines the label stitched into the collar. It read PROUDLY MADE IN USA.
20) 3) text: There's plenty of systemic infection already, so as soon as we get a preliminary reading, start them on anti-biotics. You saw this? Peter flicks on his penlight, examines the Old Man's eyes One of them is completely bloodshot. Then he shows Josh the gums. They're bleeding.
20) 5) dialog: Immigration's gonna love you for that.
21) 2) dialog: Two shifts, people rotating from bed to work.  One toilet. We're in Wal-Mart hell, here. Josh swats a fly.
21) 4) dialog: Triad, Chinese Mafia. They bring people from Yunan. Slave labor... (eyes his notebook)
26) 0) text: The D.O.H. Van pulls up in front of a modest Pre-war building. Josh and Peter climb out. Peter is reviewing a roster.
26) 2) dialog: Thirty-three workers. Peter hands him the roster.
26) 4) dialog: Shit. Peter walks up the front steps.
59) 0) text: Josh deposits a backpack full of equipment on the floor, along with a small acrylic cage. Peter trains his FLASHLI into the bank of lockers. Leonard, weary and pissed, looks at his watch.
61) 0) text: Water DRIPPING from overhead, ECHOING footsteps- very spooky.  Leonard leads Peter and Josh down the tunnel-
61) 2) dialog: (Whisper to Peter)
61) 3) text: New York's finest. Monumental archways give way to naves as big as Notre Dam Josh flashes the ultra-violet light over an abandoned underground encampment, made of cardboard walls, electric wiring, elaborate debris kitchens. The walls are complete taken by layer after layer of hand carved initials and messages. Everything from "Kilroy was here" to elaborate quotations from the bible.
61) 4) dialog: There's really people living down here?
61) 23) dialog: What?
65) 0) text: Peter, Josh and Leonard walk through a darker area. The floor beneath them suddenly changes, becomes tile.
65) 1) dialog: (Sniffing)
66) 0) text: Josh LIGHTS a flare, sets it on the ground, walks ahead. ominous RUMBLE of a subway is heard in the distance. A cracked WATER MAIN above.  Water dribbles to the ground
66) 1) dialog: Peter...
66) 3) dialog: There's some weird shit here.
66) 5) dialog: Take a look. Leonard shines his flashlight ahead. Revealed, quite literally, is a world of shit. LARGE FECES scattered everywhere:  on the floor, hanging sausage-like from the ceiling.  One can almost taste the stench of old ammonia. Peter puts on a rubber glove, inspects one of the fecal stalactites.
66) 6) dialog: Fecal matter, unknown origin: weird shit. (Beat)
66) 7) text: Whatever it is, it's not human. Josh breaks off a sample, drops it in a jar with a hard THUNK.  Leonard turns away in distaste.
69) 0) text: Peter and Josh put the fecal samples into the back-pack. Leonard stands at the other end of the area. He inspects OLD SCAFFOLDING set up at an opening which leads to
69) 13) dialog: rushes forward.
69) 14) dialog: Peter!
69) 24) dialog: H-how do I get...?
69) 27) dialog: I think so. One right, two lefts...
69) 29) dialog: Right.
70) 7) dialog: comes to a t-junction.  He checks his notepad for the appropriate direction. He turns, heads left.
73) 6) dialog: Holding his breath and tiptoeing sideways, never taking h eyes off the thing, Josh begins to move away.  He sees a narrow OPENING in the wall- there seems to be dim LIGHT coming from something beyond it.  He tries to squeeze thr the opening-
74) 0) text: Empty now, except for the rusting sewing machines in a corner.  We TILT to see Josh moving the grate away.  He jumps- no way he can grab onto the slippery tile-
74) 7) dialog: 
74) 8) dialog: Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit! He stands on top of the sewing machine, wobbling, reaches the floor above-
74) 11) dialog: pulls himself up, up-  WHAM!  The Mimic hits the lower pa of his body, BLOOD spraying up through the hole.  He SCRE grasps the cord with both hands! He is brutally YANKED down into the hole, the sewing mach tipping, then dragged across the tiled floor till it wedg violently in the hole! We track over to reveal, one of Chuy's perfectly executed WIRE SCULPTURES. Sitting atop another sewing machine.