15) 14) dialog: C'mon Chuy, we're gonna be late. (discreetly crossing himself)
25) 0) text: Chuy sits at the window, twisting wire into a human-like figure.  MOVING past him, we see a group of other WIRE FIGURES on the table, backs of chairs, lamps, everywhere. Manny sits at the kitchen table. He IGNITES a can of shoe polish with a match, then lights a cigarette off the flam He puts the cigarette in his mouth and proceeds to polish pair of shoes. A SILLY SHOW plays over the TV.
25) 1) dialog: Not too little, not too much. You rub it in, around and around like this. Let the leather take it. Manny leans tiredly against the table. He looks fatigued and in pain. He takes a small pill and places it under his tongue.
25) 2) dialog: You watching? You should learn to work the shoes. You're good with your hands... Manny shoots a glance over to his grandson.
25) 3) dialog: Chuy...you gonna get all wet. Chuy doesn't pay attention, just stares out at the street
25) 4) dialog: Did you look at the story book I got you? Manny lifts a brightly colored CHILDREN'S BOOK.
25) 5) dialog: Our Animal Friends.  Can you say that, Chico?  "Friends"? Nothing from Chuy.
25) 7) dialog: A friend is the one you can trust.  When you are with a friend, no matter where in the world, you are at home. A FIGURE moves out of the shadows and totters in the rain toward the entrance.  It is the OVERCOAT MAN, barely visi in the rain.
25) 8) dialog: In this city. A friend is a hard thing to find...
25) 14) dialog: No one is there. Is empty. Chuy doesn't respond.  Manny turns the boy's face to his.
25) 15) dialog: Chuy, listen to me.  They have Jesus on the cross, but that is not a holy place. You understand? Chuy looks at him blankly.  Manny sighs; he knows he does
25) 16) dialog: Ah, Nino.  God only knows what goes on in your head, eh? He pats the boy on the head, then goes back to work. Chuy turns back to stare at the street.
40) 0) text: SHH-SHH-SHH.  A felt rag is expertly being pulled across set of pristine black shoes. REVEAL Leonard sitting like a king in a chair, getting hi shoes shined by Manny.  He leans back laconically while arguing with Peter. Ernest examines the ootheca picture.
40) 13) dialog: (immediately)
49) 0) text: Salmon-colored LIGHT slants in from sodium vapor streetli PAN through the shadowy room, past Manny's sleeping form Chuy, asleep under a tent made of an old Star Wars blanke A RHYTHMICAL CLICKING SOUND is heard from outside. Chuy pops his head out from under the blanket, listening.
53) 0) text: The blue hours before dawn. Laconic movement outside.  Ne York dragging itself out of bed. We FIND Manny fixing some melted cheese sandwiches on a h plate. He addresses Chuy's tented bed behind him.
53) 1) dialog: My father saw me stay in bed, he'd go get a pitcher. Cold water, whoosh, I tell you that's some alarm clock, brrrrr! Manny cuts the bread in four equal sections and arranges in a star-shaped pattern. A breakfast ritual of some kind
53) 2) dialog: Ah! There you go! The way you like 'em, Chu-chu... (He pours a glass of milk.)
62) 0) text: On Manny's dining room table, a heap of unpolished shoes accumulated. The radio is playing a sad, elegiac Tango.
62) 1) dialog: No, no, please understand... I can't wait that long. Looking disheveled and tired, Manny clutches the phone, listening intently.
62) 2) dialog: Please. I write it down. (he writes)
62) 4) dialog: No, I can't wait...no, listen... Click. Manny slowly hangs up. He stares at his notepad, a the number 2873.
62) 5) dialog: Hijos de puta. He crumples it up, throws it away, crosses to the window, picks up Chuy's last wire figure-
62) 7) dialog: frowns, looks down at the dark flophouse across the stree
62) 8) dialog: Mr. Funny Shoes. Distant thunder is heard.
67) 0) text: It's raining like hell. Manny approaches the abandoned flophouse. He peeks through the boarded-up front entrance. Right the on the dusty lobby floor, clearer than the larger shoeprints... ...he discovers a trail of tiny, barefoot prints.
67) 1) dialog: Chuy... He kicks experimentally at the planks, but they're far to strong.
67) 7) dialog: Chuy... Manny pulls a rosary from his pocket, wraps it around his wrist and crosses himself with the razor... ...then begins to move down the pipe.
75) 11) text: Manny?! The old man stumbles out of the darkness, out of breath. rusted crowbar in his hand. Leonard walks over to him solicitously.
75) 13) dialog: Hurry, the woman needs help! A shadow crosses Peter's face.
76) 0) text: OUTSTRETCHED HANDS in the darkness. REVEAL Peter leaning across the void with one hand while Manny and Leonard grip his other. Susan below, balancing precariously on the crisscrossing pipes. A mess, but still alive.  She reaches up to Peter. It's too far.
77) 5) dialog: Chuy. He was taken. He's down here somewhere... (to Peter)
77) 8) dialog: Just hurry. Peter takes his word for it.  He uses the belts to lower himself to the nearest pipe. Leonard LIGHTS a flare to illuminate the pipe gallery. Peter works his way down. The web of pipes seem to recede into Hades. The lifeline tightens. Peter gets to the last solid footing, lies down on his stomach and lets the belts down.
78) 3) dialog: There! He points to the open DOOR of an ancient SUBWAY CAR. They sprint for the car, get to the door.  Manny, Peter, Leonard, then Susan...
79) 7) dialog: Hey, hey!! Take it easy!!
79) 17) dialog: Wait... Manny removes a can of shoe polish from his coat, then st smearing the stuff onto the Mimic's head and jaws.
79) 21) dialog: Is how we make loose the ticks back home. Peter hesitates, but lets him go.  Manny lights the polis WHOOSH...the Mimic's head is engulfed in a halo of flame. LEGS LOOSEN THEIR GRIP. Peter and Manny yank it free from Leonard, who's PASSED O from the pain.  His leg is torn and bloody.
80) 3) dialog: Doctor Tyler? He turns to Manny, who sits solicitously next to Leonard. His wound is wrapped with makeshift bandages. He begins t stir. Peter gets up, but Susan's hand is closed tightly around like the jaws of the Mimic.  He kisses her gently, then slowly manages to release his hand. He walks to Leonard, inspects his wound. Touches the sole his foot.
80) 10) dialog: Where the hell'd that thing come from? Peter looks at Susan.  She remains silent.
80) 19) dialog: But it look like a man. It... I saw it.
80) 32) dialog: (quotes)
80) 42) text: Get me up.  There must be a manual override in the booth. Manny and Susan help Leonard up.
80) 44) text: The lights! Peter turns off the flashlights. Susan and Manny help Leonard to the car's CONTROL BOOTH. Peter looks
80) 81) text: Give me your razor. Manny looks at her blankly. Susan just takes the blade. The whole car is now shaking and buckling. She runs to the Mimic's carcass.  For a moment, she hesitates.  But the pandemonium leaves her little choice. She SLICES into the Mimic's corpse with the razor...
80) 88) dialog: looks to the roof, listening. And remarkably, the SOUNDS of the Mimics START SUBSIDING. Susan comes over to Leonard, begins dabbing the goop on Leonard's wound.  Leonard makes a face at the stink.
80) 95) text: The elevator's over here. Leads up to the active tunnels. THUMP! An oily, soft abdomen brushes lazily up against the glass. Manny moves away.
80) 100) dialog: Oh, how you gonna get there, Leonard? Hop?
80) 102) text: Just talk me through it. I can go with Manny.
80) 115) dialog: I pull.
80) 122) dialog: He's out there. I heard him. How can he be? This things...
80) 124) dialog: I didn't protect him, lady. He trusted me. And I didn't protect him... His father...I lost his father to the streets and now, Chuy...
82) 0) text: Manny enters. The space is even more dusty than the rest the station. Spiderwebs strung over old machinery.  White Doric PILLARS support the ceiling like skeletal bones.  1 style LAMPS are built into their side. Manny looks around.  Off to the right, right next to the rusted track switch board, he heads for the COUPLING SWIT Once there, he rests and, through the murky windows, he waves back to LEONARD. He pulls out his pills box and takes a pill. But his hand are shaking, under enormous tension. Some of the pills scatter on the floor. He puts the box away and leans against the wall. A CLICKING nearby catches his attention, echoing from the entrance of ANOTHER ROOM. It is not the sound of the Mimics; but rather, of METAL. Spoons.
82) 1) dialog: Chuy...? Manny follows the sound.
83) 0) text: The space is larger than the switchroom.  The walls and ceiling have an odd, shiny consistency. Manny heads in further, locates the levers and waits. Something pale and small emerges from the dark, a few fee away, a face that seems to float in the eerie half-light. A RUSTLING behind him.  Manny turns around.
83) 1) dialog: (Whispering)
83) 3) dialog: Chuy...
83) 11) text: What's Manny doing? I can't see him anymore.
83) 13) dialog: Nino, please... Manny slaps his knees with both hands in a parental gestu of "come to me". In the darkness, something that looks like a PALM FROND floats gracefully down from the ceiling, making see-saw gestures as it falls through the air. Manny shines his flashlight on the floor.  It's not a pal frond. It's a wing. Manny turns his flashlight to the ceiling and walls. The place IS COVERED WITH MIMICS.  They are in the middle a vicious mating ritual.  The males tear savagely at the females wings as they proceed to mount them.  A chaotic clusterfuck. Manny is sickened. CHUY GIGGLES. Manny shines his light ahead. Manny's face falls.
83) 14) dialog: Dios mio... The WHITE PILLAR BEHIND CHUY IS MOVING... ...unfolding... ...at last revealing... AN ALBINO MIMIC!  Another leap for evolution... Its form is different from the other Mimics.  Sleeker, mo supple, almost beautiful.  And while its movements are st not completely human, there is a kind of unearthly grace them that at the very least entrance us. The thing raises itself to full height, dwarfing the tiny boy.  It stands over him like a king over his court fool. Chuy giggles happily.  It's all a game to him. The Albino CLICKS in response -- a long, leisurely sound, if trying to communicate with the boy. Chuy pulls his spoons out and begins to play them, making perfect imitation of the sound. Manny starts to tremble as the creature gazes upon him wi huge, expressionless 'eyes'.  He turns to Chuy-
83) 15) dialog: (barely audible)
83) 19) dialog: 
83) 23) dialog: stands under an archway in a swirl of dust. He raises his arms, like a prophet. He lets go of hsi razor and kneels.
83) 24) dialog: God has closed his eyes. This, he cannot see... His vacant eyes, fill with tears, he prays quietly, a str serenity invades him. The Albino's jaws open and charge.