0) 279) dialog: (Yelling somewhat peeved, from upstairs) Tom... hey, Tom! Are you gonna give me a hand with this thing? Tom startles, aware of his procrastination, and bolts for the upstairs to help Ben. Harry, pausing momentarily in his anxiety comes over to where his wife is looking after Barbara.
0) 286) dialog: (On his feet, finished with plugging in the set) I don’t want to hear anymore from you, mister. if you stay up here, you'll take your orders from me... and that includes leaving that girl alone. she needs rest ... she’s just about out of her head as it is now... now we're just going to let her sleep it off. and nobody’s going to touch her unless i say so Ben stares Harry down for at least a moment, to ascertain that he is at least temporarily silenced, then his hand plunges immediately to the television set. He snaps it on the occupants of the room jockey for vantage points, and there are a baited few seconds of dead silence as they al wait to see if the set will actually warm up. All eyes ar on the tube. A hiss begins, increases in volume, Ben cranks the volume all the way. A glowing band appears and spreads, filling the screen.
0) 307) dialog: The man said they only come on every hour ... . we heard all we need to know. We gotta get out of here. 71.
0) 311) dialog: (Excited) You from here ... you know this area?
0) 316) dialog: We ain’t got to tramp. My truck’s right outside the door. This stops Harry. There is a moment of silence.
0) 317) dialog: But i’m just about out of gas ... There’s a pump near the shed outside, but it’s locked.
0) 320) dialog: Is there a fruit-cellar?
0) 322) dialog: We’re gonna need lots of jars We can make molotov cocktails scare those things back ... then fight our way to the pump and gas up the truck.
0) 326) dialog: Good ... that settles that question ... but we should take a crowbar anyway ... in case the key doesn’t work. The crowbar can double as a weapon for whoever goes with me. But I don’t want to get all the way out there and find out the pump won’t open
0) 328) dialog: Harry, you’re gonna have to guard the upstairs. Once we inboard the door, those things can get in here easy. But me and tom have to get in, too, after we get back here with the truck. You’ve got to guard the door, and unlock it for us. Then we’ll board it up as fast as we can, ‘cause those things are gonna come fast on our heels If we don’t get back, well then you'll be able to see from upstairs, and you can barricade the door again and go to the basement ... You can sit down there and wait for a rescue party.
0) 330) dialog: (Adamantly) I’m keeping this gun ... nobody else lays a hand on it ... I found it and it’s mine. 73. 74.
0) 332) dialog: (Glowering, with controlled anger) That’s the chance you have to take. If we cut out, you’1ll have your goddamn basement. Like you've been crying about all along.
0) 336) dialog: Let’s get busy. we’ve got a lot to do, if we’re gonna bust out of here. He is on his feet, taking command. We fade out of the scene fade into new scene, completion of escape preparations. Tom is pouring kerosene into fruit jars, Helen is dipping twisted rag fuses in kerosene in the bottom of a dish. Barbara comes from the kitchen with mor jars, drying them on the outside and putting them on the table. She and Helen begin working the kerosene soaked fuses through holes which Tom has cut in the jar lids. Between them is a crude stretcher, made of broomsticks an torn sheets, this presumable for the wounded girl, Karen. The television is off, but the radio drones lowly, repeating the recorded message ... The radio is on as a monitor only, that they may work and still keep up with news that my affect their situation. 75.
0) 344) dialog: Things are ready up there. Now me and tom will un-board the front door ... Harry, you take the two women upstairs. Carry the molotov cocktails with you... Soon as the door’s unbarred, we can throw those things all over the place ... Make sure they catch fire good ... then the women bust down here and get in the cellar. don’t forget the stretcher When we hear your footsteps on the stairs, me and tom’1l be gone. It'll be up to you, Harry you've gotta watch this door Got yourself a good length of pipe?
0) 346) dialog: Good ... okay. Tom and Ben go over to the door. The others gather fruit- jars, etc., and sneak quietly to the un-boarded room upstairs. Tom and Ben are left alone. Tom is soaking a table-leg in kerosene, ready to light it for use as a torch. They fall to work on the door ... the painstaking work of quietly undoing the barricade. They do not want t give alarm to the lurking things outside. With crowbar an claw-hammer, very carefully, both men working on each separate piece of lumber, they undo the barricade. Each nail-creak is a menace. They are alert to the constant danger. They finish, and watch, posting themselves anxiously by t door. Shadowy figures lurk in the dark outside. Tom and Ben wait for the Molotov shower to begin A cry is heard, a window flies open, the first fiery blaz light in the yard. More follow, some aimed for the creatures themselves. One of two catch fire.. the others start to back away ... the entire field is lit up bombs shower from upstairs.
0) 348) dialog: You... rotten ... next.. time ... you try something like that.. I’11 kill you Ben slams him one final time, and he slides down the wall crumples on the floor. His face is swollen, he is streami blood. Ben is already at the cellar door
0) 349) dialog: (Pounding) Come on up! it’s us... it's all over ... Tom is dead! Fade out. The survivors are gathered in the living-room. Barbara an Helen are slumped on the sofa. Overwhelming mood of hopelessness and despair. Harry sulks in a corner, his head slung back, his face swollen, he is holding an ice- pack against his eye. His good eye follows Ben, who is pacing about the room, when Ben’s pacing takes him to the kitchen, or to some area out of Harry’s sight, the good e nervously relaxes. Ben’s movements make virtually the onl sound, he is checking the defenses, by force of old habit rather than hope. The rifle is slung on his back. For a long time, we well on the scene, on the absolute dejectedness of the prisoners within the barricaded house ... Ben paces from door to kitchen to window, he starts to go upstairs, stops, checks himself, goes to the door again ... he looks at his watch 79.
0) 350) dialog: Ten minutes to three ... there’ll be another broadcast in ten minutes Nobody says anything. Ben pulls back the curtain, his eye grow suddenly wide, but he watches for a long moment. (We see his view of the outside) There are many ghouls, lurking in the shadows of the hanging trees. Some of the things are in the open, much nearer to the house than they dared come before. Remains of charred bodies are dimly apparent in various parts of the lawn. But Ben’s eyes are fastened on a more grisly scene at the edge of the lawn, in the moonlight, several ghouls are devouring what was once Tom ... . They rip and tear into aspects of his body ... .. ghoulish teeth biting into Tom’s arms and hands ... Ben stares fascinated ... and repulsed With a convulsive movement his fingers release the curtai he turns, shaken, and faces the others ... beads of perspiration dripping from his forehead.
0) 351) dialog: Don’t ... don’t anyone of you look out there... You won’t like what you see Harry's good eye fastens on Ben, watches him, satisfies a contemptuous to see the big man weaken. Ben moves for the television, clicks it on. Barbara’s scream pierces the room. Ben leaps back from the television ... . She is on her feet, screaming, uncontrollably.
0) 357) dialog: Harry! Harry! ... . give mea hand over here! Harry comes over, behind Ben, and instead of helping, rip the gun from Ben’s back. Holding the gun on Ben, Harry backs toward the cellar. Ben turns around, panicked, the things are breaking into the house...
0) 358) dialog: What are you up to man? We’ve got to keep those things out!
0) 368) dialog: Barbara ... Barb... here, honey ... there’s men outside ... I can hear them they must be here to rescue us ... Outside, we see the cause of the gunshots. The posse is flushing out ghouls from the pump-house and surrounding area. The squad cars have driven up. The posse is advancing across the lawn, guardedly, toward the partiall destroyed old farmhouse. The men crouch and sneak up slowly, keeping their eyes fastened on the house.... A lo sudden noise stops them ... they watch, stopped in their tracks.