0) 156) dialog: Listen.
0) 161) dialog: That’s the cellar ... . It’s the safest place.
0) 163) dialog: How were we supposed to know what was going on up here? It could have been those things, for all we know.
0) 166) dialog: We thought we could hear screams, but that might have meant : Those things were in the house after her.
0) 169) dialog: That racket sounded like the place was being ripped apart ... How were we supposed 46.
0) 171) dialog: All right! Now you tell me. I’m not going to take those kind of chances when we got a safe place ... We luck into a safe place, and you’re tellin’ us to risk our lives just because somebody needs help
0) 174) dialog: (Ignoring everything but his own line of thought) Look, mister ... (he shouts this, then calms his voice for the rest of the line) all right ... we came up, okay? We’re here. Now I suggest we all go back downstairs before any of these things find out we're in here.
0) 178) dialog: You're insane. The cellars the safest place in the house. 47.
0) 180) dialog: And I’m tellin you ... those things turned over our car. We were damned lucky to get away at all. Now you tell me they can’t get through a pile of wood.
0) 185) dialog: We can bring all those things downstairs with us. Man, you’re crazy you got a million windows up here ... All these windows, you're gonna make strong enough to keep them out?
0) 187) dialog: I’m telling you they turned our car onto it’s roof. 48.
0) 189) dialog: That’s my point! ++. only there’s not going to be five there’s not going to be ten twenty ... thirty ... a hundred. Maybe ... you know? Once they know we’re in here, the place’1l be crawlin’ with ‘em.
0) 191) dialog: Look, in the cellar, there’s only one door, all right? Only one. that’s the only place we have to protect. And Tom and I fixed it so it locks and boards from the inside. but all these doors and windows ... . Why, we’d never know where they were going to hit us next.
0) 194) dialog: But the cellar is the strongest place! 49.
0) 198) dialog: Look, you two can do whatever you like. I’m going back down to the cellar, and you better decide, because I’m gonna board up that door and I’m not gonna be crazy enough to unlock it again, no matter what happens.
0) 200) dialog: Nope. I’ve made my decision. You make yours. And you can stew in your own juice. 50.
0) 206) dialog: it’s all right, Helen ... we're all right Tom immediately rushes to the door. The truck-driver is pounding at a hand that is trying to work at the barricad from the bottom. The blows seem ineffectual, as the hand, oblivious except for the physical jouncing about from impact, continues to grab. Tom leaps against the door and grabs the rotting wrist with both his hands, and tries to bend the wrist back in an effort to break it, but it seem limp and almost pliable. Disgust sweeps over the young man’s face. He tries to scrape the cold thing against the edge of the broken glass, and the absence of blood is immediately evident as the sharp edge rips into what look like rotting flesh. 52. Another hand grabs at Tom’s wrist and tries to pull it through the glass. Tom yells, and the truck-driver tries to swing the barrel of the gun toward the thing strugglin with Tom, but another hand clutches at him even as he is trying to help the younger man. A hand is clawing and ripping his shirt ... but he focuses his attention on aiming the gun. Another loud blast, and the hands Tom was fighting jerk back, and fall into darkness. Foot against the wall, the big man forces himself away from the door o of the grasp of the hand still clutching his shirt. The shirt tears away, and the thing backs off, still with the fragment in its hand. Badly shaken, Tom just stares, through another opening in the door. The truck-driver takes careful aim and pulls the trigger again; the blast rips through the thing’s chest, leaving s gaping hole in its back ... but it remains on its feet, backing slowly away.
0) 212) dialog: You're crazy ... those things are gonna be at every door and window in the place. We’ve got to get into the cellar. The big truck-driver turns to Harry with absolute fury in his eyes. His voice is deeper in his rage, and more commanding.
0) 214) dialog: I’m taking the girl with me. He moves toward the refrigerator in the kitchen, but the big man steps in front of him.
0) 219) dialog: (Turning toward Tom) The man is crazy ... he’s crazy ... We've got to have food down there ... we have a right
0) 221) dialog: We've go a right to..
0) 226) dialog: You’re crazy. 55.
0) 228) dialog: You’re crazy. I got a kid down there. He can’t take all the racket, and those things reaching through the glass. We’1ll be lucky if he lives as it is now.
0) 231) dialog: You bastards!
0) 233) dialog: You know I won’t open the door again. I mean it.
0) 235) dialog: Yeah ... . well I think you’re both nuts ... with my help! 56.
0) 247) dialog: There’s two more people upstairs.
0) 249) dialog: Yeah (a long pause, then half- defensively) I wasn’t about to take any unnecessary chances. Helen is silent.
0) 250) dialog: How did we know what was going on up there? Harry nervously reaches to his breast pocket for a cigarette. He produces an empty pack and, seeing that it is empty, crumples it in his hand and pitches it to the floor. He steps over to the worktable where there is another pack, snatches it up, and it too is empty. With the same crumpling action, he discards this pack, violent this time, the action spinning him into a position facing his wife and boy. She continues to quietly swab the boy’s forehead. Harry stares at them for a moment.
0) 251) dialog: Does he seem to be all right? Helen is silent. The boy is motionless. He is sweating to the point where beads of sweat are formed all over his face. Harry waits and, seeing no answer forthcoming, changes the subject.
0) 252) dialog: They’re all staying upstairs Idiots! We should stick together ... it’s safest down here . He goes to his wife’s purse and rummages through it’s contents. He pulls out a pack of cigarettes, rips the pac open, and fumbles for a cigarette. He lights it and drags in the first puff deeply. It makes him cough slightly.
0) 253) dialog: They don’t stand a chance up there ... . they can’t hold those things off forever ... There’s too many ways they can get into the house up there Helen remains silent. On the floor, next to the workbench is a small transistor radio. Harry’s glance falls on it and he stabs at it, scoops it up and clicks it on. 60.
0) 254) dialog: They had a radio on upstairs must’ve been civil defense or . I think it’s not just us, this thing is happening all over. The radio picks up nothing but static. Harry plays with t tuning dial, listening anxiously, but across the receivin band the transistor Just hisses. Harry holds the radio up and turns it into various positions, trying it for reception, spinning the tuner as he goes. Still nothing but hiss. He walks around the room with still no results.
0) 255) dialog: This damned thing Still just static. Helen stops wiping the boy’s forehead and neatly folds th cloth, and drapes it over her son’s brow. She gently places her hand on the boy’s chest and looks over toward her husband. He moves impatiently around the cellar, his cigarette dangling from his lip, waving the little radio around in the air. The radio just emits static at varying levels.
0) 258) dialog: (Shouting) I hate you... right? I hate the kid? I wanna see you die here, right? In this stinking place. my god, Helen, do you realize what’s happening? Those things are all over the place ... they’ll kill us all ... I enjoy watching my kid suffer like this? I enjoy seeing all this happen? Helen’s head jerks toward him. She looks at him with what is almost vengeance.
0) 260) dialog: Oh, yeah ... let’s just walk out. We can pack up right now and get ready to go, and i’ll just say to those things, ~Excuse me.. my wife and kid are uncomfortable here ... we’re going into town.’ For god’s sake ... there’s maybe twenty of those things out there. and there’s more every minute
0) 263) dialog: (From outside the door) 62. More pounding. Harry just stares up at the door, and does not answer the call. Tears well in Helen’s eyes. More pounding. Helen looks at Harry. When he does not respond, she gets up and goes for the stairs.
0) 270) dialog: You’re out of your mind, Helen. All it takes is a minute those things get in up there and it’s too late to change your mind ... Don’t you see that? Can’t you see that we’re safe as long as we keep that door sealed up?
0) 275) dialog: (Acquiescing, but with stolid misgivings, his eyes fasten on her; he pronounces his words with what is almost menace) All right ... this is your decision ... we’ll go up... but don’t blame me if we all get killed 64. Her eyes fall away from his, and she leads as they go up the stairs. The cellar door swings open. Helen and Harry step into the hallway. Faltering, they peer through the entranceway into the living-room. Harry, standing behind his wife, is hostile. Partially due to anger with himself because he has reneged on his decision about the cellar. Helen, too, is over-wrought, due to the emotional effect the recent argument and to the fact that she is about to meet strange people in an anxious circumstance. But only Tom and Barbara are in the living-room, and Barbara, overcome with nervous exhaustion, is sleeping fitfully on the couch.
0) 281) dialog: This place is ridiculous. there’s a million weak spots up here. (We hear sounds from upstairs of Tom and Ben struggling with the television set. They are making their way down the steps)
0) 283) dialog: I can’t see a damn thing out there! there could be fifty million of those things, I can’t see a thing that’s how much good these windows do us The truck-driver, who with Tom has reached the landing wi the heavy television set, has heard the last part of Harry’s remark. He glowers even as he moves with his end of the burden, but says nothing, as he and Tom gingerly deposit the TV in the center of the room. They hunt for a outlet, find it, then slide and walk the set until the co is close enough to be plugged in. Ben kneels behind the s to plug in the cord.
0) 284) dialog: Wake that girl up. if there’s going to be a thing on the tube, she might as well know where she stands. i don’t wand anybody’s life on my hands.
0) 288) dialog: Play with the rabbit-ears ... we should be able to get something. Ben fusses with horizontal and vertical, with brightness and contrast. On one station, he finally gets sound. He adjusts the volume, the picture tumbles, he plays with it and finally brings it in. Full-Screen is a commentator, i the middle of a news report (The people in the room settle back to listen.)
0) 309) dialog: (Scoffing) How’re we gonna bust outta here? we got a sick kid, two women one of ‘em outta her head and three men. And there’s a million of them things outside.
0) 315) dialog: Well, I think we ought to stick right here ... and wait fora rescue party. He said if you’re few against many you don’t have a chance ... We can’t tramp seventeen miles through those things
0) 319) dialog: (Jumps up) I’m gonna go look ... the keys are labeled (He bolts for the cellar)
0) 321) dialog: Yeah ... why?
0) 329) dialog: I want the gun, then. it’s the best thing for me to use. You’re not going to have time to stop and aim.
0) 331) dialog: You don’t care what happens to uS ... . How do we know you and Tom won’t just take the truck and cut out?
0) 339) dialog: (Coming over, checking the stretcher, making sure the makeshift straps will hold) Broomsticks and belt-buckles and old sheets, it seems to hold okay ... I always hated the boy scouts
0) 341) dialog: Some windows in the rooms. ben is unfastening the doors now.
0) 345) dialog: I have a pitchfork.
0) 347) dialog: (Shouting, from upstairs, slamming the door to the room he was in) That’s all, Ben ... run for it! 77. His voice echoes, as Tom and Ben burst into the yard. The are armed with torches, and with the gun. They leap into the truck. Tom plunges a torch into the chest of an attacker, who immediately catches fire and goes down na blaze, clutching the torch The truck starts up, and careens, in a u-turn for the old shed. Attackers fall away as it starts out. Ben aims, fires several shots, most miss as the truck jounces towar the gas pump across the yard. But one creature goes down, at the front of the gas pump near the old shed. Tom and Ben leap out. Attackers are starting to make their way to them from across the yard. Tom fumbles with the key to th locked pump. Ben shoves him back, hurriedly aims the gun, the gun fires, blowing the lock to pieces ... . Gas spurt all over the place ... creatures advance ... gas still spurting, Tom crams the nozzle into the mouth of the gas tank in the back of the truck. Ben crouches and level off with his weapon ... an approaching attacker goes down but more are coming on ... Tom’s torch has inadvertently set fire to the doused truck ... the flames begin to lick and spread ... the attackers gather in force.. ever closer ... Tom leaps into the flaming truck, it skids and lurches across the yard ... Ben shouts, to no avail the flaming truck speeds away, driven by the panicked Tom ... several of the things are upon Ben ... he thrashes and pounds them with torch and gun ... ignoring Tom, he has to try and fight his way back to the house . From inside the house, the panicked and cowardly Harry, h seen only pieces of the action. He has been darting back and forth from door to window, trying to see what has bee happening outside ... from his viewpoint, the escape attempt has met with total doom. He has seen the truck catch fire, driven away by Tom. Ben appears to be overwhelmed. Harry runs again to the door. He sees the truck, completely in flames, speeding away from the house, towar a small rise. Back to the kitchen window ... . Ben is about to be overcome ... things all around him Harry does not see, as Tom jumps from the burning truck t be seized by attacking ghouls. The truck continues unmanned over the far rise ... and explodes violently... the noise and flame shattering the night ... Several ghouls are at the front door, trying to beat their way in the house. From inside, Harry is in complete terror. He cannot hold out ... all is lost ... he panics and bolts for the cellar 78. But Ben has slugged his way through the attackers on the porch ... he is pounding for admission at the front door. He turns, and with a powerful lunge, kicks the last attacker off the porch. On the rebound, he plows his shoulder against the door. It crashes open, the lock broken, and Ben bursts through in time to catch Harry at the cellar door ... but there is no time. Ben frantically turns to re-boarding the door. His eyes meet Harry’s for an instant ... then they both fall to work. They board up the door ... they are temporarily safe ... they turn and look at each other, sweat streaming from each face ... .. Harry knows what is coming. Ben’s fist crashes against Harry’s face ... he is driven back, one punch following another, until Ben corners him, clenching his lapels, against the wall ... Ben’s words spit out, each work punctuated by an additional slam of Harry against the wall
0) 354) dialog: (Whispering, cautiously and quickly to Helen) I’ve got to get that gun... we can go to the cellar ... You have to help me He has let the ice-pack come away from his eye. We see it swollen, blackened condition and the desperation n his face. Ben still gazes at the TV. Worried about the possibility that Ben might catch them in the act, and not really sympathizing with Harry, Helen pulls away, but she leans her face to Harry’s and whispers quickly
0) 359) dialog: (Backing away) Now we’ll see who’s going to shoot who ... I’m going to the cellar ... and you can rot up here ... you crazy bastard 82. His hand goes behind him to the cellar door ... but at that moment the ghoulish Karen leaps upon him with great thud ... Karen is at Harry’s throat. Ben is able to grab the gun ... he levels off, trying to hit the kid ... but a sudden wrench of the two struggling bodies ... and Ben misses ... Harry screams ... a great clot of blood appears at his chest ... clutching the wound, he begins t go down... he falls through the entranceway to the cellar stairs ... he reels, grabs the banister and begins to descend ... . We see his view as he falls reeling ... head-first down the stairs ... . Ben meantime ... has flung the kid, Karen with one heave against the wall ... but things have broken into the house ... . Everywhere, the barricades are coming apart. Barbara, with the hysteria of revenge, has flung herself into the attack. She smashes a chair against one of the aggressors... it goes down ... she smashes and smashes it... on the floor ... until there is nothing left of the chair ... she comes up, still swinging, fighting with Ben against the things that have come into the house. It is quite apparent that they cannot hold out ... The attack rages ... they are overwhelmed ... Ben grabs Barbara and pulls her after him toward the cellar ... she is lashing and swinging, beating at an attacker, even as drags her away Ben flings open the door to the cellar ... and Helen is a his throat ... he brings the gun up between their struggling bodies until the muzzle is against her throat, and squeezes the trigger ... .. she is blown halfway acro the room ... Ben and Barbara run down the stairs. But Harry is sprawled in a pool of blood on the floor ... . He is dead ... but beginning to rise ... Ben pushed Barbara back ... she turns her head away ... Ben raises the gun and we study this as three evenly-spaced shots rip the room ... Ben is almost glad to kill Harry ... he turns to Barbara, breathing hard... she collapses against him, and begins to sob.. We hear faint pounding against the barricaded cellar door But it is holding. The creatures cannot get in The screen is black. There are the sounds of birds fainter sounds of dogs... human voices ... Fade up quickl sunrise ... . The morning after the siege. The sky is clear ... the rising sun is bright and warm... there is dew on the high grass of a meadow. Men with dogs and guns reworking their way up form the woods that surround the meadow. We do not see the posse a first, we merely hear their sounds ... shouts ... muffled talk ... panting and straining of dogs against leashes Sheriff McClelland’s posse. A few men, some with German Shepherds on leashes, finally come up out of the woods an onto the edge of the sunlit, dewy meadow. The wet grass has dampened the boots and trouser-legs of the men. McClelland is perhaps the third man up from the surroundi thicket. He is a heavy man, mustached, breathing hard because of his weight and the difficult job of leading th posse through the night. He is armed with shotgun and pistol, and a belt of ammunition strung over his shoulder He pauses, looks back into the woods, and mops perspirati from his brow with a balled-up dirty handkerchief