0) 205) dialog: Harry ... . Harry... . Harry ... . Are you all right?
0) 210) dialog: (From the cellar) Harry ... . Harry! 53. After a moment of silence, the truck-driver turns from th door.
0) 232) dialog: (From the cellar) Harry ... Harry! Harry looks toward the cellar door, looks back at the two men, then quickly moves toward the door.
0) 246) dialog: (Not looking up) He has a bad fever.
0) 248) dialog: (Still primarily concerned with the boy’s comfort) Two? 59.
0) 256) dialog: Harry He continues his fidgeting with the radio. He goes near the walls and stairs, holding it high and still spinning the dial.
0) 257) dialog: Harry ... that thing can’t pick up anything in this stinking dungeon! Her rising tone of voice stops him; he turns and looks at her. About to cry, she brings her hands to her face. She bites her lip, and just stares at the floor. Looking at her, Harry lets his anger take hold of him, but he cannot think of words. His face twitches, his emotion searching for some vehicle or expression, until he pivots violently and flings the radio across the room. 61.
0) 259) dialog: He needs help ... he needs a doctor ... he’s ... he’s gonna maybe die here ... We have to get out of here, Harry. we have to.
0) 261) dialog: There’s people upstairs. We should stick together you said. Are we fighting with them? Upstairs, downstairs ... what’s the difference? Maybe they can help us. Let’s get out of here ... . let’s go upstairs ... let’s do something ... . let’s get out of here A pounding sound interrupts her. They listen. The sound is coming from the door, at the top of the stairs.
0) 264) dialog: Yes ... yes, Tom! Harry, running after her, grabs her shoulders from behind and stops her.
0) 265) dialog: Harry ... Harry ... it’s Tom Ryan.
0) 268) dialog: (Looking up at the door, shouts) WE’RE COMING UP! WE’LL BE UP INA
0) 271) dialog: I don’t give a damn! I don’t care, Harry ... I don’t care anymore... I want to get out of here ... go upstairs ... see if someone will help us ... maybe Karen will be okay 63. Her shouting stops and she takes control of herself. She steps toward Harry and speaks in a calmer tone, almost pleading.
0) 272) dialog: Harry ... please ... for justa minute ... . we’ll go up and see what’s up there ... We’ll hear the radio, and maybe we can figure some way to get out of here maybe with all of us we can make it, Harry. Harry, his adamancy weakening somewhat, takes a cigarette form his mouth, exhaling the last puff, and drops it to t floor. He rubs it out with his foot. The smoke comes in a long stream through his pursed lips. Startlingly, Tom’s voice penetrates again.
0) 274) dialog: (Soothingly, to Harry, her tone in attempt to relieve the onus Harry must feel in going against his original decision) Come on... let’s go up... there’1l be something on tv that tells us what to do. you can tell them I wanted to come up .
0) 277) dialog: Poor thing ... she must have been through a lot. Harry, during these moments, has been flitting anxiously all over the house ... from door to window to kitchen to living-room ... . checking out the actual degree of security and worrying about imminence of attack at any second.
0) 280) dialog: Her brother was killed 65.
0) 282) dialog: I don’t care ... there’s people up here. why don’t you do something to help somebody? Harry, not really hearing her, is staring once more into the gloom outside.
0) 285) dialog: Harry! ... stop acting like a child! 66.
0) 287) dialog: It’s on.. it’s on! There are murmurs of excitement and anticipation. But the tube only shows nothing. No picture, no sound. Just the glow and hiss of the tube. Ben’s hand races the tuning dial through the clicks of the various stations.
0) 308) dialog: he said the rescue stations have doctors and medical supplies If we could get there, they could help Karen.
0) 314) dialog: You poor thing ... (Rushes to Barbara, comforting) My boy is hurt too. we have to get toa rescue station ... the television told us ... we have to try and escape. 72.
0) 324) dialog: Barbara and ican help. We can rip up sheets and things.
0) 333) dialog: We're going to die here ... if we don’t all work together.
0) 335) dialog: (Understanding) That’s okay, honey ... . we'll be all right ... maybe your brother will be, too
0) 338) dialog: We have to think of ourselves now ... it’s hard for you... but it’s all we can do... my girl is getting worse too ... I have to get her to a doctor
0) 343) dialog: We’re ready ... here comes Ben now (Hears him coming down the stairs) Ben, the gun strapped around his back, is carrying a crowbar and claw-hammer. He walks around checking preparations, smiles at Barbara, glad to see she’s a litt better. 76.
0) 353) dialog: (Getting up, announces) I’m going to the cellar to take care of Karen. (She bends over, places her hand on Barbara) Come on honey ... come and talk to me ... it’1ll make you feel better But Barbara makes no response. Helen turns and starts for the cellar door, she has to squeeze past Harry’s chair. Furtively, his eye on Ben, Harry touches her and pulls he towards him. She, too, watches Ben, she knows something i up, Ben remains transfixed before the TV, he is lost in thought, his mind drifts somewhere ... There is nothing on the screen just a dull glow and low hiss over scanning lines and static. He has turned the set on too early.
0) 355) dialog: I’m not going to help you : haven’t you had enough ... he’d kill us both. She goes to the cellar, and on the way has to pass behind Ben’s chair, she hesitates, her eyes fall on the gun, the sling is wound around Ben’s arm. We study her face, it is not clear whether she would have taken it or not. But she makes no attempt. She opens the door and goes down into the cellar. Harry’s eye follows her as she leaves. 81. As Helen reaches the bottom of the cellar stairs, she loo up, and her face shows startlement ... a shaken smile her daughter is sitting up, propped on her elbows, on the workbench table.
0) 356) dialog: Karen She starts for her, but stops ... there is something strange ... her face turns slowly toward her ... we see the ghoulish look in her eye ... She is DEAD. She begins to rise slowly, terrifyingly, her features grotesque the coat that was her blanket begins to fall away ... her eyes stare through Helen ... . And beyond her ... slowly, agonizingly, she raises herself from the table Helen, terrified, begins to back away, across the cellar, her hand falls on a knife, her child creeps toward her She moves a large packing crate, trying to block her path ... trying to stave the confrontation... but she is too late ... she springs. It appears as though the knife will be driven into her breast. But, on the spring, we cut to the upstairs ... where, simultaneously, a scream pierces the room. An assault has begun, the things are beginning to break into the house. They have gotten into the den ... and are hammering at th barricaded door ... the walls are starting to come apart Ben is on his feet, trying to reinforce the barricades; with hammer and crowbar, he works furiously