0) 155) dialog: (Still trying to calm the girl) It’s all right ... we’re from the gas station ... we’re not Barbara sags against him and sobs sporadically, in shock and semi-relief. She is still nearly catatonic. The older man rushes to the radio. The truck-driver just stares dumbly as Tom calms the girl and leads her to a chair whe she sits very still, numb with expended emotion. The radi voice continues with its information about the emergency. The older man, Harry Tinsdale, crouches close to the radi still holding his length of pipe.
0) 159) dialog: Looks like you got things pretty well locked in.
0) 165) dialog: You can’t really tell what’s goin’ on from down there
0) 168) dialog: (A little ashamed) Well, I.. if ... there was more of us
0) 173) dialog: (Not knowing whose side to take) All right ... why don’t we settle
0) 176) dialog: You got the whole place boarded up?
0) 181) dialog: His wife and kid’s downstairs. The kid’s pretty badly tore up. This statement takes the truck-driver completely by surprise. His face softens, he exhales a deep breath. Nobody says anything for a long moment. Finally, the truck-driver swallows and makes his point again
0) 183) dialog: (Glancing about at the barricades) We could strengthen all these up, Mr. Tinsdale.
0) 193) dialog: We could get out of here if we had to ... and we can see what’s goin’ on outside ... Down there, there ain’t any windows.. If a rescue party does come we’d never know it ... windows
0) 196) dialog: I don’t know. I think he’s right. (he turns to the truck-driver) You know how many’s out there?
0) 199) dialog: Wait a minute, Mr. Tinsdale, let’s think about this for awhile
0) 201) dialog: (Flashing anger) Now wait a minute dammit let’s think about this awhile ... We can make it into the cellar if we have to ... and if we do decide to stay down there, we will need some things from up here ... Now let’s at least consider this awhile
0) 203) dialog: Yeah, looks like six ... or about ... eight His hand goes to his temple, and he rubs nervously, his demeanor a little shaken. The truck-driver joins him at the window.
0) 207) dialog: Oh ... Good God! Panicked at the failure of the weapon, the big man levels off again ... another loud report. This time the shell rips through the things thigh, just below the pelvis. The thing still backs away, but as it tries to put weight on its right leg it falls to a heap. The two men just stare in disbelief. The thing is still moving away, dragging itself with its arms and pushing against the ground with its remaining leg.
0) 208) dialog: Mother Of God ... What are these things? The truck-driver wets his lips, takes a deep breath and holds it, carefully sights down the barrel of the rifle again. He pulls the trigger. The shell seems to blow open the skull of the crawling form, and it falls backwards.
0) 223) dialog: Well
0) 225) dialog: Harry ... . I think he’s right.
0) 227) dialog: I really think we’re better off up here.
0) 230) dialog: Harry ... we can get food to you... if you want to stay down there ... and
0) 234) dialog: We can fix this up here. With your help, we could
0) 237) dialog: (Rushes to the door) Harry, we'd be better off up here! The truck-driver ties the broken fringe back onto the rifle, then begins to reload the gun, replacing the spent shells.
0) 238) dialog: (Shouting through the door) Harry, if we stick together, man, we can fix it up real good There are places we can run to up here We hear sounds of Harry boarding up the door. The truck- driver straps the gun to his shoulder again, then turns a moves toward the upstairs. In passing, his glance falls o Barbara. He steps backward off the stairs and looks at her. The radio has taken up again with the monotonous recorded message.
0) 239) dialog: Harry ... we’d be better off if all three of us was workin’ together (Sounds of Harry’s barricading)
0) 240) dialog: We’ll let you have food when you need it ... (he glances warily at the truck-driver, half-expecting reprisal for this) +». and if we knock those things might be chasin’ us and you can let us in Barricading sounds stop. Footsteps can be heard as Harry walks down the cellar steps. Tom listens awhile, then retreats, disappointed and worried about the lack of Harry's efforts in the defensive measures that must lie ahead. 57. The truck-driver is with Barbara, stooping beside her chair; she stares into an unseeing void. The big man softens at seeing her.
0) 262) dialog: 
0) 266) dialog: (Through the door) Harry ... we got food, and some medicine and things from up here Harry stares up at the door speechlessly.
0) 267) dialog: There’s gonna be a thing on the radio ... in ten minutes, Harry ... a civil defense thing ... . to tell us what to do.
0) 273) dialog: Harry! ... . Hey, Harry! ... Ben found a television upstairs! Come on up... we’ll see the civil defense broadcast on tv
0) 276) dialog: We can see the broadcast, I think ... if the tv works. I have to go help ben. Helen has gone immediately to Barbara, looks down at her sympathetically, brushes back her hair and pulls the overcoat around her shoulders.
0) 278) dialog: (To Helen) I think her brother was killed out there.
0) 306) dialog: Why’d you click it off for?
0) 310) dialog: Willard should have a checkpoint there ... about seventeen miles from here.
0) 312) dialog: Yeah ... I was workin’ in the cemetery across the road ... I’m the caretaker ... two of them things attacked me and i hightailed it over here ... found everybody wiped out ... not too long after, these other people fought their way in here ... I was scared but I opened the basement door and let them in. (Unbeknownst to everybody else, Barbara has been sitting up, listening; now she speaks, startling them and gatheri their attention. She has come down from her hysteria, but is very weak.)
0) 318) dialog: (Becoming more enthused, seeing possibilities) The key ought to be around somewhere ... . there’s a big key- ring in the basement .
0) 323) dialog: We’re gonna need kerosene. There’s a jug of that in the basement too.
0) 327) dialog: I’ll go ... you and me can fight our way to the pump ... The women can stay in the cellar and take care of the kid. We should have a stretcher ... . bBarbara and Helen can do that
0) 340) dialog: It'll be okay ... is there anything open upstairs?
0) 342) dialog: We'll throw the cocktails from upstairs ... just splash the whole area with them ... That should keep most of them away while we make a break for the truck.