11) 7) text: Just past the press area, they see...one woman standing, waiting.  This is DEBBIE, Ben's fiancГ©e.  And for the fi time in the entire film...Ben SMILES.  They hug, kissing. Johnny and Reed watch.  Reed glances at Sue, who walks ah Debbie slips a photo into Ben's flightsuit.  A tender bea
11) 9) dialog: Just get back soon, or I start looking for a new groom.
11) 12) dialog: I don't care about rocks, I care about you. (to Reed) You bring him back in one piece, or you can forget being Best Man.
11) 13) text: Reed nods, smiles.  Debbie gives Ben a last kiss.  Ben tu to Johnny, who gives a cocky smile.
35) 17) text: He cackles as he heads for the door.  Ben heaves the mirr at him, breaking it into hundreds of pieces.  He turns to side-table, and grabs that picture of DEBBIE.  It calms h
52) 19) text: We PUSH IN on a picture of Debbie lying on the floor, Ree knows exactly where Ben is going.
54) 2) text: Ben looks up the street, into the 2nd story window of a modest, working-class home.  His eyes go soft when he see Debbie grab the phone.
54) 4) dialog: Out front?  You home, baby?  I got a surprise for you.
55) 0) text: Debbie steps out.  There is "WELCOME HOME" sign over the door.  She looks out.  The wind blows softly.  Something shifts in the darkness.  Debbie pulls her robe tighter.
55) 1) dialog: Ben?
55) 3) dialog: Baby, you're scaring me.
55) 4) text: A hanging beat.  And Ben...steps into the light, where we HIM FOR THE FIRST TIME: he's HUGE, easily twice the size once was, and AN ORANGY ROCKY SURFACE COVERS HIS ENTIRE B Debbie sees him.  Fear washes over her, not sure what to think.  He reaches out, a little tentative.  She flinches back.
55) 5) dialog: Oh my G-g-g.  What did you...do to Ben?
55) 8) dialog: Don't...don't...DON'T TOUCH ME!
55) 9) text: Her shout wakes NEIGHBORS.  Lights flicker on.  Ben knows has to go.  He looks at Debbie, sensing this is the last he'll see her.  She trembles, terrified.  His eyes go moi
65) 0) text: Ben sees a familiar face in the masses: DEBBIE.  Ben step toward her, but she stops him with a look.  She places something on the ground and runs off into the crowd. Ben sees something GLISTENING on the ground.  He stoops o to pick up...her ENGAGEMENT RING.  His big fingers can't it.  He tries in vain.  Hopeless, pathetic.  A beat.  And A hand grabs the ring.  It's Reed.  Quiet, close.
94) 2) text: Now we PULL BACK to reveal DEBBIE and BEN on a SCREEN.  T Thing watches the old videotape.  He smiles sadly at his life.  He mouths the words -- he knows this tape by heart
94) 6) text: We hear the party sing "HAPPY BIRTHDAY."  Debbie kisses B Thing's eyes start to mist.  On screen: Ben blows out candles.
94) 7) dialog: What did you wish for, honey?