3) 0) text: Joel sits in his swivel chair, looking down at the produc floor, shaking his head. BRIAN, Joel's second in command, walks in. He's a little older than Joel, neatly trimmed beard, aviator glasses, and a bit of a gut. He wears a Reynold's Extract golf shirt and Khaki pants. He walks ov to the window, joins Joel, looking down at the employees.
3) 2) dialog: Tell me about it. Sorry I missed the drama; I was showing boy-genius down there how to back up a forklift. ANGLE ON Rory, driving the forklift, handing out a flier he passes someone. 
3) 3) dialog: That's his whole career, driving that damn forklift. You'd think he'd wanna learn how.
3) 5) dialog: (disgust at the word
3) 13) dialog: I'll bet dollars to donuts he sucks at that too. Then you got ah... (tries to remember her name but can't) Dinkus down there...
3) 15) dialog: No, the other one -- what's-her- face -- she asked me -- or rather "axed" me -- for more personal days. Just like that. I told her maybe if she figures out how to fill out the time sheets correctly I'll give her more personal days... (Off Joel's look) Don't worry, she will never fill out her time sheets correctly. Joel looks down at the production floor. Joel's POV:  ANGLE ON: Mary and Step bickering. Step walks off. Mary a Gabrielle shaking their heads and yapping like a couple o old hens. 
13) 0) text: Joel is at his desk. Brian comes in, excited.
13) 1) dialog: You're not gonna believe this. Remember the guy from General Mills that called a while back? Talking like he wanted to buy us out?
13) 8) dialog: Yeah, well he's serious now. He just made an offer -- I mean a real offer this time.
13) 10) dialog: No. It must be part of some bigger strategic move, because it's over market value I think.
13) 13) dialog: I mean, yeah, there's a lot of details to work out, but this could be great. They'll be calling back next week, what should I tell them? Joel looks down, sees Mary sitting with her arms folded, shaking her head.
20) 0) text: Joel sits with Brian. Brian has a clipboard, going over t day's business. 
20) 1) dialog: So obviously Step's not coming back anytime soon. I had to hire a couple temps. Is that okay?
20) 8) dialog: Better. They say he's going home in a couple of days. Speaking of which, the guys at General Mills heard about this whole Step thing. They're worried. If Step decides to sue us -- beyond the insurance settlement -- it could be a serious liability. They don't want to make an offer until this thing has settled.
20) 10) dialog: Well yeah. Don't you? I mean, think about it. Imagine if you asked a bunch of jurors how much you'd have to pay 'em to cut their balls off? I mean, I wouldn't let someone cut my balls off for a billion dollars. Seriously -- unless there were some kind of really expensive operation that could give you artificial balls or something. Would you?
20) 12) dialog: Anyway, I wouldn't worry. He says he's not going to sue us. Says he
20) 15) dialog: Yeah, well I think when you lose your balls it mellows you out. You don't get as pissed off and aggressive about things. I know it's true for horses, and bulls.
20) 22) dialog: Oh, by the way, guess who asked for  a raise today? 
20) 24) dialog: 
20) 27) dialog: You know, Forklift-Dinkus? 
20) 29) dialog: Yeah, well boy-genius asked for a raise. I said, "are you kidding? You nearly got someone killed last week," and then he blamed it on Dinkus over there.
20) 31) dialog: Well, I was thinking about that, but hey, if this deal goes through next week, I won't have to. It's not like I'm gonna be inviting Dinkus and Boy-Genius over for dinner.
22) 8) dialog: Now hold on--
22) 11) dialog: 
34) 7) dialog: 
34) 10) dialog: Ah yeah, it's kind of important -- kind of really important. It's
42) 1) text: Good riddance... Brian steps in, taps on the door. BRIAN
42) 2) text: You got a second? I think we might have a big problem here. I'm not sure what happened, but all of the sudden Step says he doesn't want to settle anymore. I think he might've talked to a lawyer. Joel goes to his desk, sits down. BRIAN
52) 2) text: Hi Joel. Brian wanted to see you-- (NOTICING)
53) 0) text: Joel walks over to the window overlooking the production area. He looks down and sees Cindy working, with her back turned. Shakes his head. Brian KNOCKS on the door and enters, looking worried. BRIAN
53) 2) text: He isn't returning my calls. BRIAN
53) 4) text: Oh, I fell down some stairs. BRIAN
53) 7) text: Shit... I gotta talk to Step. Brian looks at Joel's bruised face.    
53) 10) text: Ah... no. BRIAN
53) 13) text: What? Where did you hear that? BRIAN
53) 15) text: But... Step? Does he even know her? BRIAN
53) 17) text: What?! BRIAN
53) 18) text: I know, it's weird. They didn't even meet here. They met at a grocery store or something. Just a total coincidence. Joel looks down at Cindy on the production floor, his min reeling. BRIAN
53) 20) text: Really? BRIAN
53) 25) text: No. Don't fire him. Just trust me on this. Give him another week. If anything else is stolen, then you can fire him. BRIAN (PUZZLED)
53) 26) text: Alright. If you say so. Brian looks Joel over. BRIAN (CONT'D)
53) 29) text: Okay, thanks. (TO BRIAN)
53) 30) text: I better get this. Brian leaves. JOEL (CONT'D)
61) 0) text: Joel sits deep in his chair, bummed out, staring down at manufacturing area. Brian walks in. BRIAN
61) 2) text: Huh? BRIAN
62) 1) text: .You see, if both his balls had been knocked clean off, he would be a good case, but not a great case: A man with no balls is no man at all. He's a freak. He's barely human. He's gross. And a jury will never feel like they can walk in the shoes of a ball-less, neutered, he/she freak. But Step. He's still got one ball - barely. He's still a man. A man who's very manhood has been jeopardized, but still a man. And that manhood, that very sense of what you are as a human being is hanging by a thread. Jesus, you can't get more dramatic than that. That brave ball, hanging on for dear life, hanging on for justice, is going to be the hero of this trial. I'm tellin' ya this Step guy is the fuckin' Holy Grail, the Powerball Jackpot. And you all laughed at me when I bought those bus bench ads. But I knew the asses of those poor slobs that sit on those benches and ride those sweaty, stinking, cattle cars are our future. And I -- Joel and Brian walk in. ADLER
63) 2) text: .And when they sell the company, Joel and Brian are gonna be the one's who get rich, and-- MARY
63) 6) text: Gabrielle and I work harder than anybody. I should be making what Brian makes. If you add up all the crates I move, I lift 10,000 pounds a day. Minimum. GABRIELLE
64) 0) text: The meeting is already in progress. On Adler's side of th table are two other lawyers and a couple of paralegals. O Joel's side it's just he, Brian and Joel's secretary. May one lawyer who doesn't say much. Everybody has in front of them a small stack of documents The confrence room, like Joel's office, has a full length window facing the manufacturing area. ADLER
64) 4) text: What the ff-- Are you shitting me!? That would bankrupt us! BRIAN
66) 6) text: I'm sorry, did you just threaten me? Brian puts his hand on Joel, motions him to calm down. BRIAN
66) 7) text: Look, we need to cool off a minute. We'll be right back. Brian leads Joel out of the room.
71) 0) text: Brian sits with Joel. They both look pretty miserable. Brian looks down at some papers, shaking his head. BRIAN
71) 2) text: (muttering to himself) So I don't sell the company, don't get the money, I'm bankrupt, I don't get Cindy, I paid a guy to have sex with my wife, and she actually did it... BRIAN
78) 0) text: Joel is at his desk. Brian comes in. BRIAN
78) 2) text: Really? Bring him in. BRIAN
80) 4) text: And if anyone doesn't like it, I hear they're hiring over at Gemco... But just remember, at Gemco, the owner doesn't know your names; you never even meet him, he's at an office up in Chicago somewhere and you get an auto- response if you try to email him to complain about anything. Here, you can come up to my office any time you have a problem. Thanks. Joel walks off. Brian catches up with him. BRIAN
80) 7) text: It's about the journey Brian. The journey. ANGLE on Mary. She and Gabrielle start right back up. MARY