10) 0) text: CINDY, a girl in her early twenties, is at the counter looking at a new Gibson hollow-body electric guitar -- on the really nice ones. The price tag says $3,950. She's beautiful and sexy and all that, but there's something vulnerable and sweet about her as well. Two SALESMEN, typical music store employees -- long-haire goateed, nerdy cocky guitar-hacks are giving her way too attention. It's clear that they don't usually have women this hot in their store. They practically stumble over ea other trying to help her.
10) 2) dialog: No, sorry. I don't play. It's for my Dad actually -- for his fiftieth birthday. My sisters and I are all pitching in.
10) 12) dialog: I think he played like, jazz or something. I'm not sure.
10) 15) dialog: Oh, I don't know who that is. Sorry.
10) 17) dialog: I don't really know much about it...
10) 19) dialog: Um, do they come in any other colors?
10) 28) dialog: Are you sure?
11) 0) text: Cindy walks a few yards over to her car, a ' 92 Tercel, p the guitar in the trunk, gets in and takes off.
17) 0) text: Establishing shot, a pawn shop in a strip mall. Cindy's c parked out in front.
18) 0) text: Cindy is at the counter, the Gibson guitar we saw earlier in front of her. A PAWN SHOP GUY is counting out money. H pauses, looks around, then speaks sympathetically to her.
18) 3) dialog: Oh, that's okay. Thanks. But I just kind of wanna get it over with, you know? It's kind of hard for me.
19) 0) text: Cindy puts the money in her wallet, along with a driver's license. CLOSE ON THE WALLET. Cindy shuffles through three or four different driver's licenses. On one, her name says MISTY PATTERSON. It's a Kansas license. She takes another one out from Colorado, with the name CINDY METZLER on it and puts that in front, then puts the wallet away. A newspaper sits on the front seat. Something grabs her attention.
23) 0) text: Cindy sits in her parked car, going through the purse Mar just described. She takes some cash, puts it in her pocke then finds what she's looking for -- the address book. ANGLE ON ADDRESS BOOK. Cindy turns to the Ws and finds Step Wilkenson. She notes his address. She starts the car and takes off.
24) 0) text: Cindy sits and waits, listening to the radio. It's a very blue-collar neighborhood. She's about three houses away f Step's house, keeping an eye on it. After a beat, Step limps out of the house, walks over to pickup truck, painfully gets in, and leaves. Cindy starts the car and follows from a distance.
25) 0) text: Step wheels his shopping cart into one of the checkout li He uses the cart as a crutch to help him walk. Cindy gets line behind him. She only has one item, a bottle of Reynold's Orange Extract. Step notices her.
25) 2) dialog: 
25) 5) dialog: Really? You're kidding! I just started there. What's your name?
28) 0) text: Step's truck is parked out at a lake in the country. He a Cindy sit next to each other on the tailgate, looking at stars, talking.
28) 2) dialog: That's right Step, and what's right is for you to send a message.
28) 4) dialog: You need to send a message so that a horrible accident like this never happens to anyone else ever again. That's what's right. And the way you do that is to take them to court.
28) 11) dialog: Yes Step... That's why I called a lawyer for you -- that guy on all the bus stop benches.
28) 14) dialog: Mmm hmm... I just want you to do what's right Step. They start cuddling, kissing. Cindy pulls away.
28) 15) dialog: I'm sorry Step, your doctor said you shouldn't get aroused.
28) 17) dialog: Maybe it was your lawyer, but he talked to your doctor. And your doctor said it's very important not to get aroused until after the trial... I'm sorry.
28) 19) dialog: Look Step, you're getting me turned on, I'm getting you turned on... I better just go.
32) 0) text: A break room with a kitchen. Joel is badly hungover. He looks like he's about to throw up as he reaches into the cupboard above the sink, downs a couple of aspirin, then drops some alka-seltzer in to a glass of water. Cindy com in.
32) 6) dialog: Looks like you had one of those nights.
40) 0) text: From the window in his office, Joel watches Cindy working down on the production floor. Cindy looks up, they make e contact for a brief moment. She gives him a flirtacious w Joel waves back. Then Rory comes by, starts talking to Cindy.    
41) 0) text: CINDY
41) 2) text: .Actually, I'm in five bands right now. But Godscock is basically the same four guys as Fighthead, but Fighthead's more of a thrash/skatepunk thing. Godscock is more melodic stuff. Cindy nods politely. Rory thinks she's interested. RORY (CONT'D)
41) 3) text: So you comin' Friday? CINDY
41) 5) text: Cool. Cindy leaves. ANGLE ON Mary, on the other side of the room, watching th She talks to Gabriella. MARY
41) 6) text: See, there he goes again, slowing us down. (RE: CINDY)
43) 0) text: It's a bleak looking office with rows of cubicles. We PAN past several cubicles where hardass parole officers meet their parolees -- various gang-bangers, drug dealers, junkies, a hideous transvestite prostitute, etc. As we pa each officer is giving them nothing -- "this is your last chance," "You expect me to believe that?", etc. We contin past officers giving them nothing, giving them nothing, ending on a cubicle with Cindy, where a PAROLE OFFICER is giving Cindy everything -- almost apologetic. PAROLE OFFICER
43) 1) text: I'm sorry to even bring this up, but you're not living with the drug dealer anymore are you? Cindy's parole officer is a sad schlub of a guy, about 50 with bushy grey hair and a mustache, he has a badge and a on his belt. CINDY
43) 2) text: Nope. I'm staying at Extended Stay until I can find a place... She smiles, flirtatiously waves her key/card. CINDY (CONT'D)
43) 5) text: It's okay. I'm just glad to see you're doing so well... Ah, one more thing I just need to ask you: We had a little incident up in Templeton a couple weeks back where someone stole an expensive guitar from a music store? Someone who fit your description. You know anything about that? CINDY
43) 8) text: Look Cindy, you realize you can't screw up anymore right? I mean, even something minor, and you could go back to jail for a while this time. I'd hate to see that happen. CINDY
43) 10) text: Heh heh, So am I. I can't carry a tune to save my life. CINDY
43) 11) text: Really? Wow... Cindy acts fascinated by Parole Officer's lack of musical talent. He happily goes on about it, forgetting about the guitar... PAROLE OFFICER
44) 0) text: It's the end of the workday. People walk to their cars. Joel turns a corner and finds Cindy right in front of him CINDY
44) 2) text: Oh, hey Cindy. You can just call me Joel. CINDY (FLIRTATIOUS)
44) 8) text: Yeah, I think I'll probably go. CINDY
44) 10) text: I'm not sure... CINDY
44) 12) text: Cindy opens her purse. We see at least FIVE WALLETS, SEVE WATCHES, JEWELRY, etc. She takes out a pen and a piece of pink, girly stationary and starts writing. CINDY (CONT'D)
49) 14) text: We can worry about that later... Look at the bright side, now you can call Cindy. JOEL
50) 56) text: Oh... You're joking right? Trying to make me paranoid? Joel waits for Willie to start cracking up. He doesn't. H just continues glaring at Joel. We hear the FRONT DOOR UNLOCK. Everyone looks. CINDY enters. CINDY
53) 0) text: Joel walks over to the window overlooking the production area. He looks down and sees Cindy working, with her back turned. Shakes his head. Brian KNOCKS on the door and enters, looking worried. BRIAN
53) 9) text: Man, everyone's getting hurt. Cindy came in with a black eye today. You hear how she got it? JOEL
53) 18) text: I know, it's weird. They didn't even meet here. They met at a grocery store or something. Just a total coincidence. Joel looks down at Cindy on the production floor, his min reeling. BRIAN
53) 19) text: Anyway, we're gonna have to hire a couple of new people because CINDY'S QUITTING-- JOEL
53) 24) text: You know, Mary's purse? Sylvia's wallet? It's gotta be him. Who else could it be? Joel looks down at Cindy with growing suspicion. JOEL
59) 4) text: Oh, no... No, I'm just kind of curious about... ah... So you've been going out with Cindy, huh? STEP
59) 6) text: .so some of the guys at work are saying you gave Cindy that black eye. STEP
59) 10) text: Hmm... Look, you might wanna be careful with Cindy. STEP (DEFENSIVE)
59) 16) text: Oh yeah. I didn't tell her about it for a while 'cuz I was kind of embarrassed, you know? You don't tell a girl you just met that you lost one of your balls. Especially a girl as hot as Cindy. JOEL
59) 23) text: Look, I know Cindy's got some problems, but she means well. She's the best thing that ever happened to me. JOEL
59) 24) text: Well, okay... If you say so. Another thing -- you just might want to watch your back. Some of the guys at work who think you gave Cindy the black eye were talking about paying you a visit -- you know, getting even. STEP
71) 2) text: (muttering to himself) So I don't sell the company, don't get the money, I'm bankrupt, I don't get Cindy, I paid a guy to have sex with my wife, and she actually did it... BRIAN
73) 1) text: No way... From JOEL'S POV, we see Cindy pull up and get out of her Joel watches as she gets out with a grocery bag and heads the stairs. Joel gets out and watches her from a distance He sees her go into a room and shut the door. He stares up at the door for a beat. Then, with a look of determination, Joel walks up the stairs and knocks on her door.
74) 0) text: Cindy opens the door, a little startled to see Joel, but pleasant to him. CINDY
74) 3) text: Hi. CINDY
74) 5) text: Ah, actually, I'm staying here too. Down on the first floor, around the back. I thought I saw you so I ah... CINDY
74) 6) text: Well, come in. Joel enters, stands in the living room. Cindy heads in to the kitchen.
74) 8) text: No thanks. Cindy comes back in with a Diet Coke. CINDY
74) 10) text: That's Mary's purse... Isn't it? CINDY
74) 12) text: Right there. That's Mary's purse. CINDY
74) 17) text: I've never seen another one. You probably have Sylvia's wallet in here somewhere too, don't you? And everything else that's been stolen from my employees. CINDY
74) 19) text: No, I'm not. That's Mary's purse Goddammit! Okay? Everyone blamed Hector. He almost got fired. Doesn't that bother you? CINDY
74) 21) text: Hector! Hard working guy, never did anything wrong. And what are you doing with Step? You're trying to screw him out of his settlement money aren't you? CINDY
74) 23) text: Yes you do! You're the only reason he's suing us aren't you? You know how much work it took for me to build up that company? You just don't care about anybody do you? What are you, some kind of sociopath? Cindy looks like Joel might be getting to her. JOEL (CONT'D)
74) 26) text: In fact, you probably can't tell the truth about much of anything, can you?... Cindy turns away from him, looking down at the floor. JOEL
74) 27) text: I bet Cindy's not even your real name is it? Who are you? Where the hell are you from? Cindy, still looking away, doesn't answer. JOEL (CONT'D)
74) 28) text: You can't answer can you? Because if you said one true thing, you'd have to tell the truth about something else and then it would all unravel wouldn't it? Then you'd have to admit that you stole this purse and God knows what else. Beat. Cindy still looking away, down at the floor. We see her eyes well up, about to cry, but Joel doesn't notice. JOEL (COMPOSES HIMSELF)
74) 30) text: And I'm taking this purse with me. If it really is yours, you can call the police and tell 'em I stole it... In fact, I'm gonna call the police and report it... Joel walks towards the door. Then Cindy slumps down on th couch, mutters something, still looking down at the floor her voice cracking slightly. CINDY
74) 35) text: Well... Maybe you should've thought about that before you started ripping off my employees. Joel starts to open the door. CINDY
74) 37) text: How do I know that? CINDY
74) 39) text: Hmm... I guess that ah... Do you have Sylvia's wallet, and Jim's watch? Can I get those too? Beat. Cindy nods, still looking down. Joel considers it. JOEL
74) 41) text: And I guess you just admitted that you stole the purse. That's good, I guess... A step in the right direction... Joel sits down on the couch also. With her head still dow Cindy is weeping quietly. Joel doesn't notice, looking straight ahead.    
74) 44) text: .Ah... Cindy? Cindy breaks down and starts bawling. JOEL (CONT'D)
74) 45) text: Okay, now you see... that's what I'm talking about. You're trying to manipulate me now, and I'm not gonna fall for it... Cindy starts bawling even harder. JOEL (CONT'D)
74) 46) text: I really hope you're not faking this right now, because I'm feeling really bad. Are you faking it? Cindy shakes her head "no." JOEL
74) 47) text: I'm sorry, I was just curious, you know, how a person ends up like... this... Cindy suddenly starts BAWLING hysterically. Joel stands there awkwardly, not sure if he should hug he comfort her in any way. JOEL
76) 0) text: Joel wakes up, looking more relaxed than we've ever seen We PULL OUT to reveal that he's alone in Cindy's bed. He sits up, yawns. He has a big satisfied smile on his face. JOEL
76) 1) text: Cindy? He looks around, realizes he's alone. Then suddenly looks worried. JOEL (CONT'D)
77) 5) text: And by the way, Hector didn't take it. Cindy did. Joel walks off. Mary just shakes her head at him. She whispers to Gabriella. MARY
77) 6) text: Can you believe that? Blaming Cindy just to protect Hector.
79) 8) text: Look, ah... Cindy left me. Joel's nods, not surprised, but sympathetic. JOEL