1) 21) dialog: (hands them each a flier) My band's playing this Friday, come check us out. Hector looks down at the flier. It's xeroxed with fifties clip-art, cut out letters and the name of the band, "God' Cock". Hector just looks at it confused, not knowing much English, not sure what he's supposed to be doing with the flier. AT THE END OF THE LINE, where boxes are loaded onto palle sits MARY, 58 years old, wearing a 15-year-old pair of ac wash jeans, and an oversized tweety-bird T-shirt, fanny p and dayglow yellow triangle-shaped earrings. She's pear- shaped with short hair. She's bitter and bossy, always shaking her head at everyone. She sits on a stool with a clipboard, looks over her glasses at Hector, shaking her head. She talks to Gabriella, a Hispanic woman in her forties.
40) 0) text: From the window in his office, Joel watches Cindy working down on the production floor. Cindy looks up, they make e contact for a brief moment. She gives him a flirtacious w Joel waves back. Then Rory comes by, starts talking to Cindy.    
41) 1) text: So you're in a band? RORY
41) 2) text: .Actually, I'm in five bands right now. But Godscock is basically the same four guys as Fighthead, but Fighthead's more of a thrash/skatepunk thing. Godscock is more melodic stuff. Cindy nods politely. Rory thinks she's interested. RORY (CONT'D)
41) 4) text: Yeah, definitely. (looks at her watch) Ooh, I gotta go. Dentist appointment. RORY
48) 0) text: Joel pulls up to the house where the party is going on. H stays in the car, checking it out. Scanning Joel's POV, we see the band, Godscock, playing i the backyard, with Rory on bass. They are set up on the patio of this small two-bedroom suburban house. Most of t people at the party are crowded around the keg, which is the other side of the backyard, ignoring the band. The ba sounds awful -- loud as hell, unmusical, uninspired. The lead singer sings in that awful Eddie Vedder style, but e more loud and overly dramatic. Rory acts all intense, in stark contrast to the non-intensity of the music.    
63) 0) text: A bunch of employees including Mary, Garielle, and Rory a talking, getting worked up.    
63) 4) text: That's right. RORY
63) 9) text: That's why what we should do is, is we should all go on strike -- demand stock in the company before it sells. If General Mills knew we were on strike, they wouldn't buy this place until the strike was over. That way they'd have to give us stock. Jim points to his head, gives everyone a "how's that" nod It starts to build steam. RORY
65) 0) text: The employees, same ones in the breakroom, are milling around, talking, the idea of the strike gaining momentum. Rory points up to the confrence room. RORY
65) 4) text: See, now they're probably up there negotiating right now -- cuttin' up the pie that we baked. That's what it looks like to me. The employees all nod in agreement. Employees POV: Adler pointing at his balls, pointing to t door again, about to slam it. One of his lawyers stops hi RORY
65) 6) text: Yeah, and leave us out in the cold. RORY
65) 8) text: Well, we better do it now. RORY
67) 4) text: Well, Rory was talking about how you guys are doing this deal with General Mills and we just think that ah... We were considering the idea of ah... RORY