50) 0) text: Marcos tries to sleep, while Miguel channel surfs through late night infomercials and reality TV dating shows. After a few beats of this...
68) 26) text: (to Michael) I doubt they have meatloaf in the Dominican Republic, dear. ANNE
77) 0) text: As a YOUNG LADY begins singing the Star-Spangled Banner, takes off his hat, looks out to the American Flag. Hold o solemn expression.
84) 0) text: With the exception of Miguel, the all-white congregation hymns about Jesus and the Lord. He tries to suppress a ya when he sees Anne Higgins singing in the choir. She notic him as she sings. A smile. Miguel perks up.
85) 1) dialog: How'd you like the service? (off his blank stare)
85) 4) dialog: S'okay. You understand more than a lot of folks around here I bet. He nods, still unsure.
85) 5) dialog: So listen, me and some friends   are hanging out later. You should    stop by my house after the game. It's    gonna be super chill. Grandma can take    you there, but here... She stops a random CHURCHGOER...
85) 6) dialog: Can I borrow a pen real quick? The churchgoer hands over a pen, and Anne writes her addr Miguel's forearm.
85) 7) dialog: After the game. My house...     Good luck, tonight. Anne runs off.   Miguel looks after her, mystified.
91) 0) text: Miguel rings the doorbell, waits.   He's holding a baseba Anne opens the door.
91) 1) dialog: Hey Miguel.    C'mon inside. He hands her the ball like it's a rose.
91) 4) dialog: Oh, Miguel... you're so sweet. Congratulations, I heard you pitched awesome. Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07   57.
92) 1) dialog: Hey everybody, this is Miguel. He's from the Dominican Republic, and now he pitches for the Swing. Everyone manages to say "Hi Miguel" at the same time.
92) 13) dialog: Hey guys, let's get started.   Everyone grab a seat. The teens crowd into the living room, squeezing together sofas, recliners, and desk chairs. Miguel sits behind the majority of the group, not sure what's going on. Anne sta before them...
92) 14) dialog: I'm so glad you all came. Last year, we didn't have half as many people in our group. So, I think this just goes to show the great work we've been doing in spreading the word. But this year, I want us to work harder. Now, I know a lot of you are studying for SATs or working on college applications. And all of that is important, but we need to remember that our spiritual accomplishments are more important. What we do in school or for a job... that's just a small part of who we are. We're only here by the grace of God, so let's get out there and share that grace. Miguel watches, still unsure what's going on.
97) 0) text: The whole family, with a     couple new additions, sit ar table in mid-meal: Earl,     Helen, Anne, Michael, Hilary Brad and Miguel. Miguel      wears a big blue boot on his foot, and a crutch leans     against the wall behind him.
97) 8) text: Yeah, I hope so. Maybe when they get some time off this summer. ANNE
97) 10) text: My family? ANNE
97) 16) text: My father, uh... (searching for the word) He die. Anne nudges her dad under the table. HELEN
97) 19) text: Yes, we have a son.   Anne's older brother. Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07    68.
97) 20) dialog: He's in Iraq. Brad pauses from chewing, looks around, and nods.   More silence. Hold.
98) 0) text: Miguel and Anne sit alone on the porch. We can hear CHATT from inside, where the others are clearing the table.
98) 1) dialog: You like it here in Iowa?
98) 4) dialog: I bet. You've traveled a long way, huh? God must have something special in mind for you... Anne points out a small scar on Miguel's scalp.
98) 5) dialog: What happened there?
98) 8) dialog: Tell me in Spanish.
98) 10) text: Okay... When I was little, I wanted to eat some cherries from a tree. It wasn't our tree, and there was a fence to keep us kids away. Anne hangs on his every word as if she understood perfect
98) 12) text: ...Miguel leans in and kisses her. She kisses him back fo beat, but when he puts his hand around her waist, pulling closer, she resists. They separate. Anne looks down at her feet, uncomfortable.
98) 13) dialog: Sorry, I just...      Sorry. Miguel looks on, confused, as she stands.   They lock eye awkward beat.
98) 14) dialog: I should help clean up... On her way back inside...
98) 15) dialog: We have another meeting Thursday...    If you can come. Miguel nods. Anne leaves him on the porch alone.     He l over the corn fields.
106) 0) text: Miguel sits at the kitchen table with the broken drawer a several small tools in front of him. He readjusts the woo rails on the faulty side of the drawer by sanding them do re-gluing them into place. KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. FRONT DOOR. Miguel hobbles over, opens it to find Anne, carrying a casserole dish and a couple empty platters.
106) 1) dialog: These are grandma's from the other night. Miguel lets her pass into the kitchen, put the dishes on table. They stand awkwardly for a beat, looking at each o
106) 2) dialog: We missed you at our meeting, Thursday.
106) 4) dialog: It's okay, maybe next time.
106) 6) dialog: I gotta go actually, so--
111) 0) text: Miguel tries to sleep, while Salvador watches "Sponge Bob the Spanish channel.