38) 19) text: Uncle Jeffe!
76) 0) text: JACK JEFFERIES (White, 50s) overlooks the field, speaks i microphone.
82) 0) text: The Latin players spill out into the brisk night air with and the Swing's designated hitter, JEFF ELKS. They all pile into Brad's car, as a few locals stand near club's entrance, watching them go.
88) 0) text: Jack Jefferies does his thing on the mic.
92) 19) text: Miguel and Brad are side by side in neighboring aisle sea while Jorge and Jeff catch some Zs against the window. Mi "English for Baseball Players" workbook is on his lap, bu and Brad discuss language that won't likely be found ther
92) 48) text: At the other end of the dugout, some of the American play listen to a Sunday morning sermon in English. B127   --TRACK IN on Miguel as he fires in another strike 128    --A KID hands Miguel a baseball card and pen for h Miguel coolly obliges like he's been doing this for years 129    --IN THE RADIO BOOTH, after a game, Jack Jefferies Miguel with Orlando acting as translator.
92) 54) text: He knew very early that he was going to pitch good. Eleven years. Jack Jefferies nods, confused.   Miguel and Orlando look other, unsure. END EARLY SEASON SEQUENCE.
94) 0) text: While Jorge sleeps, Miguel carves a small piece of wood w swiss army knife. Stops when he hears a burst of MALE AND FEMALE VOICES coming from down the hall. He, goes to the listens... The drunken giggling VOICES get louder as they approach. looks through the peephole, sees... ...Brad and Jeff with TWO LOCAL GIRLS disappear into thei across the hall. Miguel puts his ear to the door again, but can't hear any so he returns to the desk, begins carving again.
94) 15) dialog: The Mattress?
94) 17) dialog: Keanu Reeves?
118) 0) text: CLOSE ON about ten pills in Miguel's palm. Jeff Elks instructs Miguel, alone, in the small room with flickering fluorescent light.
118) 1) dialog: Listen, your first time, take a half. Okay? No more. You gotta ease into it. Half. Miguel nods.
118) 2) dialog: And anyone finds these, you didn't get them from me, okay? Before Miguel can respond, Salvador enters with his dirty laundry. Miguel hides the pills.
118) 4) dialog: What's up, Sal? Jeff heads out.    Miguel resumes folding his clothes.