19) 0) text: TWO FBI AGENTS, in jackets reading "FBI," hide on an oppo roof.  They look through high-powered binoculars.  Binocu POV: THE BLUE VAN TURNING INTO THE PLAZA.
21) 0) text: The DEA are shooting at the men inside the storage unit w are shooting back. From all over the stake-out location, DEA AGENTS emerge f their weapons.  An equal number of FBI AGENTS emerge firi in return.  Nobody was aware of the other's presence. It's CHAOS, a clusterfuck of law-enforcement zeal with th competing sets of good guys shouting through BULL-HORNS,  GUNSHOTS and SCREAMING. Ruiz breaks through the corner of the lot, cutting betwee two buildings.  Castro emerges and chases him.
103) 0) text: Javi buys a cup of coffee.  He turns.  Two men, who will  come to be known as AGENT HUGHES and AGENT JOHNSON, are  standing close.  Agent Hughes speaks without looking at h
111) 0) text: A huge lunchroom.  Long plastic institutional tables and  agents minding their own business, Robert, Sheridan, and their Epic Guide walk through.  The pass a wall of black and white head shots --
127) 0) text: Special Agents Hughes and Johnson welcome Javi.
127) 4) text: Where are you taking me? The agents exchange a look.
128) 0) text: Javi and Agents Johnson and Hughes stand in the middle of the shallow end of a large swimming pool.  KIDS in waterw splash nearby.
130) 0) text: Agents Hughes turns to Agent Johnson.
143) 0) text: Gordon and another DEA AGENT escort Ruiz up the stairs of large, older hotel.
144) 0) text: There are more AGENTS inside and old food and coffee  containers.  Gordon gives Ruiz a tour.  There are several rooms.  A bored Castro sits at a table staring at a Scrab board.
156) 0) text: Gordon and Castro and two other AGENTS escort Ruiz out of the hotel and usher him into a waiting cruiser. They pull out in a caravan and move through the streets t the courthouse.
159) 0) text: Gordon, Castro, other AGENTS and Ruiz come down the rear  steps of the courthouse and walk across the street toward the parking lot.
162) 0) text: Francisco watches Ruiz and the agents walk up the street  toward him.
165) 0) text: Agents surround Ruiz. Gordon walks to the body of Francisco lying face down in gutter.  He turns him over with his shoe and sees his fac
192) 0) text: Hundreds of DEA AGENTS, spouses, others stand around a gr in a leafy cemetery in working class San Diego.
193) 5) dialog: Excuse me, Agent Gordon.  Mrs.   Castro. (to Gordon)
215) 0) text: The agents are unkempt and everyone is tired.  Ruiz moves through a cluttered room in a bathrobe with a cup of coff An agent shows him a morning paper --
215) 1) dialog: Big day. (shows picture in  paper)
215) 4) dialog: Who is it?
215) 6) text: The Mafia.  I've got his breakfast. The agent opens the door and is handed a breakfast tray. puts the food in front of Ruiz who uncovers the sausage a eggs. An agent walking by tries to take a bite of sausage.  Rui stabs it with a fork --
215) 21) text: It's like having another wife. The agent laughs.  There's another KNOCK on the door.
215) 24) text: Breakfast. Gordon and the agent look at each other.
221) 0) text: Javi and Special Agent Hughes stand next to a giant mound seized cocaine, the same cocaine, in fact, Javi held brie at the beginning.  The same teenagers from the pickup tru have been arrested.  The news crews get everything.