50) 0) text: In the intake area of a busy San Diego precinct, Helena s on a bench and regroups.  Detectives move past her.   Handcuffed criminals are separated, bagged and tagged. beautifully dressed man, ARNIE METZGER, 30's, super- lawy knows everyone from the top of the system to the bottom,  slick but likable, smart and ruthless, too, separates him from a DETECTIVE he's gladhanding and approaches Helena.
50) 1) dialog: Helena, I'm so sorry --
50) 4) dialog: I understand.  You're upset.  You  want to know what's going on.  That's  good.
50) 6) dialog: Listen to me carefully.  First of  all, Carl isn't here.  DEA's got him  and they'll hang on to him until  arraignment, which will probably be  tomorrow.  So here you're wasting  your time.  Are you with me? He checks to see if this is registering.
50) 7) dialog: Good.  From now on I want you to  expect that every word you utter  will be tape-recorded, that the  movement of your lips is being read. Got it?
50) 9) dialog: Got it? (she slowly nods)
50) 12) dialog: I don't know, but under no  circumstances would I talk about it  here.  I want you to go home and  relax the best you can.  Continue  your life as if nothing has happened. That is very important.
50) 14) dialog: That's a very apt analogy, Helena. Now, go home and be with your  children.
68) 0) text: Still wearing her evening gown, Helena collapses into a c exhausted.  A TAP at the door startles her. It's Arnie Metzger, who goes to the bar and pours himself strong one.  They sit opposite each other and neither spe for a while.
68) 3) dialog: Of course he is.  I've known him for  twenty years and he doesn't jaywalk... Helena is relieved, but she's not looking at Arnie and wh she does she sees him shaking his head in a very definiti "No." Arnie stands and continues talking as he walks to the win and shuts the blinds one by one.
68) 4) dialog: ...Carl is a very important member  of this community and when we're  through suing the police and the  district attorney and the DEA, they'll  have to rename the public parks for  your husband. The blinds are closed.  Arnie crosses to Helena and talks very softly in her ear.  She's a beautiful woman and Arni manages to make this act seem both practical and  inappropriate.
68) 5) dialog: (whispering)
68) 6) text: Your husband is very good at his  job... Helena leans back and looks at Arnie.  He whispers more -
68) 7) dialog: Which is smuggling illegal drugs  into this country.
71) 0) text: The music is still playing.  Helena looks numb.  She moti Arnie to her.  He leans in.
71) 2) dialog: You're gonna get through it, but the  first thing we do is get Michael  Adler to represent Carl.  We get  Adler and we beat this thing.
71) 4) dialog: I suspect he'll accept his payment  in publicity.
78) 0) text: Adler, Arnie, and Helena push through a crowd toward her  car. There are several reporters there who ask questions --
115) 0) text: Helena and Arnie enter his office.  The furniture is slee mid-century modern, and the view of the harbor is  extraordinary.
115) 1) dialog: On a clear day you can see Mexico  City. Arnie stands very close to Helena and looks at her profil
115) 2) dialog: This place is swept twice a day.  I  learned that in Miami in '85.  Then  the U.S. shut down the whole  Caribbean, but it's a big game of  wack-a-mole.  Knock it down in Miami,  it pops up here.  And San Diego is  so much more relaxing.
115) 4) dialog: Helena, if I had it I would give it  to you, but I don't have that kind  of money.
115) 6) dialog: Yes, I told you before, there are  people who owe you money but they're  not paying.  There's too much heat  on Carl.
115) 8) dialog: Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you. You do not want to come into contact  with these people.  Only Carl knows  who they are.  That's his real asset.   Ruiz doesn't know them.  They don't  know Ruiz.  Church and State.
115) 10) dialog: Laundromats for the washing of money.   Unfortunately, Carl had only one  successful business.
115) 14) dialog: I remember when I first met you:  little Helen Watts from the wrong  side of somewhere.  I had a feeling  even then that your survival instincts  were pretty well honed.
115) 16) text: And I'm wondering who would want to  be with someone like that? It takes a great effort for Arnie not to answer.
173) 0) text: Arnie Metzger is in Helena's living room.  The stereo is  loudly playing MOZART.
173) 1) dialog: That was a stupid thing you did.   Incredibly stupid.
173) 3) dialog: Have you gone crazy?  You are not  Carl.  You aren't as good as Carl. (beat)
173) 6) dialog: Helena, please.  This is out of your  hands.
173) 8) text: I know I made things worse.  I know  that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need  something from you.  Something only  you can help me with. Helena looks searchingly into his eyes.
173) 9) dialog: Helena --
173) 11) dialog: I can't do that. Helena leans closer to him.
194) 0) text: Arnie sits in his office, spacing out, admiring his view  when an ASSISTANT shows Helena in.  As soon as the door s
194) 2) dialog: What are you thinking, calling me at  home with a message like that?  You've  compromised me and our relationship -- Helena sits confidently on his couch.
194) 5) text: Arnie.  I'm the housewife.  I belong  to the most exclusive country club  in La Jolla that accepts Latinos.   Until recently, I believed my husband  imported hydroponic strawberries,  which I donated at the school fair. Arnie reaches into a desk drawer and pulls out a quarter- kilo baggy identical to the one Juan Obregon gave her in  Tijuana.
194) 7) dialog: It's the same.  What happened to  what they gave you? Helena puts the bag in her purse.
217) 0) text: The court is packed.  Helena and Arnie watch from the gal The judge is at the bench. The prosecutor rises --
226) 0) text: Arnie is in his office and answers the cell phone --
226) 2) dialog: Carl, I'm running late.  I'm coming  right now -- Behind Arnie in the office there is a movement of SHADOW.
227) 2) dialog: What?
227) 4) dialog: I was just waiting for the right  time.
227) 6) dialog: I just didn't want to take a chance.   I didn't want to risk it.  It could  have been frozen along with everything  else.
227) 8) dialog: Carl, that's insane.
227) 10) dialog: Carl, think about it, if I was trying  to rip you off, I would have left  town after Ruiz was killed.  I  wouldn't sit next to you in court  listening to the dismissal. On the front lawn CHILDREN are lined up for the ice-cream sundae bar that is being tended by a WAITER.
227) 12) dialog: Carl --
228) 0) text: Arnie turns around and there are TWO MEN in his office.