25) 4) text: Score.  Thank you.  Madmax from Omaha  we own you.  And Tragedy is closed  out. Seth leans over and snorts a line of coke from a mirror. hands it to Caroline who effortlessly does one.
25) 5) dialog: Entertainment.  The Susan Lucci  section or Banal Love Songs of the  Nineties? Seth looks at her.  He has a crush.
25) 9) dialog: What are you doing?
25) 11) text: Just watch. He watches the substance in the spoon as it swirls and  bubbles, then separates... He pours the most viscous part onto the aluminum foil, making four separate little puddl He quickly dismantles a ballpoint pen, making a straw.  H hands it to Caroline.
25) 13) dialog: What is this, like freebase?
25) 18) dialog: More. The cloud of grey smoke from her lungs fills the room.
47) 0) text: Robert exits with his briefcase and hanging bag, two SECU MEN trailing him.  He sees Barbara and Caroline, his wife and daughter, waiting by the their station wagon.  They w
48) 0) text: On the way home from the airport.  Caroline drives carefu with Barbara in the front seat and Robert in back.
48) 3) dialog: What about legalizing everything? Has anybody talked about that?
48) 8) dialog: What if every country legalized at  the same time?
49) 0) text: From the hallway we see Robert and Barbara and Caroline h dinner.  A family tableau.  We hear Barbara talking, the  murmur of the days events. In the room, Barbara continues her dinner table thoughts. Robert has a good deal of reading material stacked on the table.
49) 4) dialog: (to Robert)
49) 8) dialog: Will we get invited to the White  House?
49) 10) dialog: How long's the job?
49) 13) dialog: That makes mom the Czarina.  I'm a  Czarette.  Like Anastasia. Caroline thinks about this.
49) 14) dialog: None of my friends can fucking believe  my dad is the actual Drug Czar.
49) 16) dialog: Sorry, but I mean, come on. Robert doesn't know if she's putting him down.
49) 17) dialog: It's great, daddy.  It's just amazing,  that's all. They all look at each other.  Caroline sips her wine.
56) 1) dialog: All I'm saying, what I'm saying, is  it never seems like anybody ever  says anything that matters to them,  like we all look at each other and  nod with responses we've been trained  to make, not real responses, just  social conventions, phony, fake  smiles, surface bullshit... I mean,  we're all smart and do we have any  idea what each other are like, really  like?  Do I know what Seth's afraid  of, or Vanessa, or fucked-up Bowman? Everyone looks at Fucked-up Bowman who grinds his jaw  appreciatively --
56) 2) dialog: ...Probably, but do I ever say this  stuff, just say, "hey, I'm  uncomfortable in this crowd, I don't  know what the fuck I'm doing, either?   I know you're afraid and it's okay--
56) 7) text: I mean, what is that convention,  anyway?  We're all these random  collections of self-interest, and  then we just decide that now we're two people walking along -- Caroline expels a hit of rock cocaine --
56) 8) dialog: And Vanessa doesn't think she's pretty  so she does all these weird fucking  diets which is totally about self- esteem.  And she's beautiful. (beat)
56) 12) dialog: (disgusted)
56) 19) dialog: Is he breathing? Bowman's eyes have rolled back in his head.
56) 26) dialog: Are you kidding...  I'm staying with you --
58) 0) text: Seth is behind the wheel.  Caroline and Vanessa are in th back.  They stare out at the cops getting out of the crui
63) 0) text: Caroline Wakefield lies on a bench in a grey-walled holdi cell.  She wears paper slippers and her belt has been rem Even youth can't disguise her hangover.
64) 0) text: Caroline is perched on the edge of her chair.  Across the desk from her is a tired SOCIAL WORKER, 40's, who has bee assigned Caroline's case and is giving her the "exit"  interview.
64) 2) dialog: Sixteen
64) 4) dialog: Yes.
64) 6) dialog: Yes.
64) 8) dialog: I volunteer.  I read to blind people.   One day a week for two hours.
64) 10) dialog: Cincinnati Country Day. The Social worker looks up from her questionnaire and see Caroline for the first time.
64) 12) dialog: Yeah.
64) 14) dialog: I'm third in my class.
64) 16) dialog: I get A's.  All A's.
64) 18) dialog: (her college resume)
64) 19) text: I'm a National Merit Finalist.  I'm  on the Hi-Q team and the Math team.   I'm in the Spanish Club.  I'm a  Thespian.  I'm Vice-President of my  class.  I'm on the volleyball team. The social worker pushes the forms she's filling out away and looks again at Caroline --
65) 0) text: A cold institutional lobby with hard plastic chairs and b lighting.  Government workers move behind thick glass win with tiny mesh screens cut into them for talking. Barbara Wakefield sits on one of the uncomfortable chairs She's alone and has been crying.  There's the sound of he locked doors OPENING and Caroline appears. Barbara stands and wraps Caroline in her arms.
66) 1) dialog: Did you tell Dad?
66) 3) dialog: Are you going to?
66) 5) dialog: Is this bad for him?
73) 0) text: Robert is looking at Caroline and he's not happy.  Barbar is there, at a neutral distance from both of them.
73) 2) dialog: He didn't hang around us.  He's like  one of those hippie kids.  I'm not  part of that group.  It was a party  in all these rooms.  His girlfriend  who I barely know was completely  hysterical... He's blue, he's  puking... We didn't want to get in  trouble, but what were we supposed  to do? (beat)
73) 5) dialog: He's a friend.  He's also like the  only one who was dealing with the  situation.  He'd definitely had a  few beers, but it's not like he wanted  to drive.  We didn't know what else  to do. (beat)
73) 9) dialog: Like always. Caroline leaves the study and shuts the door harder than  necessary. Robert and Barbara look at each other, raising their eyeb and breathing deeply --
74) 0) text: Robert is in the hallway, at Caroline's door.  He opens i and we get BLASTED WITH MUSIC. Caroline is sitting in a rocking chair with headphones on She faces the window and moves back and forth, back and f Robert calls her name, but the SOUNDTRACK is drowning him out. He calls again, this time apparently loud enough for her hear.  She takes the headphones off - the MUSIC stops - a turns to look at him.  Or rather, she looks right through him, as though he didn't exist.  Robert is so taken aback the coldness of her gaze that he doesn't speak. She turns away from him and puts the headphones back on.
82) 0) text: Caroline sits on the toilet in her private bathroom.  She not going to the bathroom, it's a seat and she's wearing pajamas.  She's reading a magazine.  The exhaust fan is o There are pictures of her and her friends on the walls: g pictures from camp, from school, a collage she's made wit cutouts from magazine pictures and copy. On the sink next to her is a little square of well-charre aluminum foil; she's done many hits.  She leans over and  picks up a small piece of crack cocaine from a small pile her soap dish.  She drops it on a clean place on the foil She picks up a lighter and the tube of a ball point pen s turned into a straw. She heats the bottom of the foil.  The crack "crackles." She chases the smoke across the foil.  A huge hit.  She l her head back, her eyes roll back, she tries to focus on magazine, on anything, she stares up at the ceiling. She holds it as long as she can then blows it toward the  exhaust fan. Caroline looks at her watch.  It's 7:20.  She stands sudd unsteadily.  She looks at herself in the mirror. She's really high and indecisive.  She looks around wildl She sees the shower.  She turns it on.  She drops her paj She goes back to the foil and hits another piece of the r taking another really big hit.  She crushes the foil and  flushes it down the toilet.  She hops in the shower.
103) 5) dialog: Maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with them to unwind --
103) 7) dialog: Have you done your homework, honey?
103) 9) dialog: Then here's a little bump. They turn down a street with a lot of activity on it.
103) 15) dialog: Come on... We've been here before.
104) 2) dialog: Fuck off. They wait.  Finally, the first dealer appears in the inne door and lets them through.
105) 0) text: They wait in a line in the narrow, poorly lit corridor. the end of the hall a hatch in a door slides back and the drugstore is open.  People buy and leave. Seth and Caroline approach.  In the hatch is a hardened  dealer, 20's, named SKETCH, which is tattooed on his fore He checks out Caroline's body.
106) 0) text: Seth and Caroline hold hands as they hurry down the steps The lookout speaks without moving his lips.
109) 0) text: They enter and the light bulb goes out.  Seth fumbles his way to the mini-fridge, which he opens, throwing feeble l across the floor. They check out the decrepit room: the sloping mattress, t black and white television bolted to the bureau.  The min fridge.  Caroline bounces on the bed.  They are teenagers Seth prepares the drugs by the light of the mini-fridge.
109) 3) dialog: I think so.  If she didn't she should  have. (checks her watch)
109) 6) dialog: (blowing out the hit)
109) 8) dialog: I wish we could stay here.  Just be  here forever and ever.  Make it a  little home. She leans over to snort a tiny line of heroin.
109) 10) dialog: Okay. Seth begins undoing her jeans.
122) 0) text: Robert walks down the hallway.  He steps into Caroline's  bedroom.
124) 0) text: Caroline sits on the toilet.  Glamour Magazine on her lap She's wild-eyed and paranoid.  The exhaust fan is running The aluminum foil is on the sink.  The last little bit of heroin in a wax-paper bundle sits beside it. She's listening hard for any SOUND in the house.  What sh wondering is if someone is outside the door listening. She puts a piece of crack on the foil and listens hard on more before lighting it.  She does the hit. And seems to feel better. Suddenly there's a POUNDING on the door.  The VOICE of he father muffled through the solid wood.
124) 2) text: Caroline.  Open this door immediately. Caroline is up like a shot.  She looks around.  The POUND on the door gets stronger. She crumples the foil and drops it in the toilet. The bathroom door SOUNDS like it's about to cave inward.
124) 3) dialog: (faking the best she  can)
124) 5) dialog: One minute. She takes the remaining crack, lighters, tubes, little sm druggy bits of paraphernalia and carefully places it all a hiding place above the bathroom cabinet. She pauses a beat, then opens the door, and tries to brus by her father while avoiding his eyes.
124) 6) dialog: Excuse me -- Robert grabs her by the arms.  He pushes her against the  wall and looks at her pupils.  He looks at her fingernail The blister on her thumb from working the lighter is red irritated.
124) 10) dialog: Fuck you.  I wasn't doing anything.   You're like the Gestapo. Robert KICKS the cabinets.
124) 14) dialog: Like I give a fuck. Robert reaches above the medicine cabinet and pulls out a charred spoon.  It confuses him.  He throws it into the s He pulls out another spoon.  He pulls out crumpled bindle rolled up, encrusted dollar bills, exhausted lighters, a  pill bottle, an empty pint of vodka. The detritus of drug addiction keeps on coming, filling u the sink.  Robert stares at it, the amount and complexity has him momentarily baffled.
124) 17) dialog: You can't make me.
133) 0) text: There are sayings on the wall: "Easy Does It;" "Let Go an Let God;" "Turn it over;" "One Day at a Time..." "H.A.L.T Hungry?  Angry?  Lonely?  Tired?" Caroline, wearing a thick, woolly sweater, and the other  PATIENTS sit around on beat-up couches and chairs in a lo circle.  It's a mixed BUNCH: trucker meth-head, rocker do fiend, yuppie crack-head, fat, thin, rich, middle-class, all white.  Caroline is the youngest. MARTY, 40's, an overweight alcoholic, finishes his "share
133) 4) text: It's a disease -- an allergy of the  body and an obsession of the mind.   I know that now.  So my name's Marty  and today I'm a grateful recovering  alcoholic who didn't eat out of a  dumpster.  Thanks. And Marty looks to Caroline who didn't relate to one word said.
133) 5) dialog: (slowly, very nervous)
133) 6) text: Hi.  I'm Caroline.  I'm not sure I'm  an alcoholic. (beat)
133) 8) dialog: I guess I'm angry.  I mean I think  I'm really angry about a lot of stuff,  but I don't know what exactly. She blushes, and stares out the window.
142) 0) text: Caroline ambles alone down a walkway at the treatment  facility. She looks through the trees that surround facility and no cars going by.
155) 0) text: A single candle lights the room.  Caroline is underneath  Sketch the drug dealer.  He is pounding away.  As she clu his back and holds on, her expression is both surprised a druggy, and SOUNDS escape her mouth that she wouldn't bel she could make. There's a KNOCK on the door.  Sketch continues his busine The KNOCKING is more insistent.  Finally, he stops and ge up and goes to the door.  Caroline lies back.  She's in a bed with black sheets in a room with nothing else in it b a dresser and some duffle bags. Sketch opens the door --
155) 4) dialog: Please --
155) 8) dialog: Don't --
209) 2) dialog: (really out of it)
210) 0) text: Caroline rides in the passenger seat.  She's come out of stupor and is now filled with ebullience.
210) 1) dialog: It's gonna be great...  I mean, I'm  okay and all, because, see, I met a  guy, he's in this pretty famous band  and... (gets up confessional  courage)
210) 2) text: They've invited me to write lyrics  for them, I'm gonna be able to do  that and maybe sing, too... not at  first, but later. Caroline gets lost in her grandiose vision.  Robert looks over at her as she drifts off into a nod.  A moment later she's awake and rambling again.
210) 3) dialog: (sounding completely  crazy)
234) 0) text: A twelve step meeting is in progress.  Caroline shares fr her seat.
234) 1) dialog: On the good days I feel like I get  it, like it all makes sense.  I can  stay in the moment.  I don't have to  control everything in the future.   And I believe everything is going to  work out fine. (beat)
234) 3) text: But, thanks to the people I've met  in these rooms, people like Margaret  and Jim and Sarah, people who've  taught me how to listen, I'm pretty  sure I'll make it through today. Caroline is finished sharing.