34) 0) text: Helena buckles her little boy, DAVID, 5, into the front s of her Mercedes.  He won't let go of his putter.
34) 2) dialog: No --
34) 4) dialog: Not Tiger Woods.
40) 0) text: A starter castle high in the hills near Mount Soledad, an exclusive neighborhood with views of the ocean.  Joggers to the SOUNDS of tennis and Jacuzzis gurgling, and lawn c equipment operated by Mexicans. Behind the Ayala gate we see David playing with his golf  club on the lush lawn. Workers set-up the party under the direction of a profess party planner. A BMW 740il with tinted windows pulls into the driveway.
40) 1) dialog: Daddy! The window lowers and we see CARL AYALA, 40's, handsome,  charismatic, second generation American, in expensive,  conservative clothes, covering his cell phone as he greet his kids.
42) 0) text: Carl and Helena step out on the front porch of their home and watch David play with his golf putter.
67) 0) text: Helena slips into David's room and quietly watches him sl
83) 0) text: Helena reads a book, Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert, a keeps an eye on David, who is playing on the monkey bars. ACROSS THE ROAD at a careful distance is the ubiquitous  telephone repair van.  On the roof a parabolic mike swive around.
85) 0) text: Helena notices David moving away while playing with the m She follows, then begins to jog after them.
85) 3) dialog: We're playing! The strange man swings David up so that he's under his ar
134) 8) text: Get out.  Get out of my house. Helena turns and sees David in the doorway.  She goes to  him.
136) 0) text: Helena walks quickly and quietly down the hallway.  She p David's room.  She opens a door at the end of the hall --
149) 0) text: Helena watches David look at the wide variety of plants a flowers.  All around them a GROUP of 3rd graders, in iden T-shirts, enjoy a field trip.
199) 0) text: Helena watches David play a video game.  They have finish their lunch, a mess of pizza rinds.
200) 0) text: Helena and David are pushing out the door.  The man walki the other way past them is Tigrillo from the Tijuana cart As they pass --
200) 4) dialog: Yeah! Tigrillo disappears into the restaurant. As Helena pulls out of the Fun Zone parking lot, an unmar DEA cruiser falls in behind her.
230) 0) text: The guests watch as the guards eject Gordon from the prem Near the gate David has stopped playing to watch the acti Then he goes back to playing with his toy: a Spastic Jack figure.