36) 3) dialog: I want to intercept cell phone calls,  digital and analog.  And locate the  source of the call.  I need databasing  capability, to cross-reference calls  and numbers. Lonnie lovingly picks up a laptop computer with a sleek d attached to it --
36) 5) text: So, Francisco, what do you do?  You  a PI?  Private security? Francisco looks at Lonnie coldly.
36) 6) dialog: Assassin.
53) 0) text: The back of a blue van opens and a blindfolded Francisco  falls onto the ground. Surrounding him are Javi and Salazar, who watch as two of Salazar's MEN drag Francisco away toward an abandoned mis style building.
59) 0) text: Francisco is strapped naked into a chair.  Duct tape cove his mouth.  His face is bruised and swollen.  A cruel TOR talks to him calmly while dumping chili powder into a  container of soda water.
59) 2) dialog: My father is rich.  He'll pay you.
60) 0) text: Javier stands guard outside a door, listening  to the  strangulated SCREAMS of Francisco.  He's sickened.
76) 0) text: It's pitch black in the cell.  There's a human in here, b we can't see him. Suddenly the door is thrown open and light floods in,  illuminating a very broken Francisco Flores. The figure of Commander Salazar fills the doorway.
76) 3) text: Guard! A GUARD appears in the doorway.  Francisco is spooked.
76) 11) text: You will dine with me from now on. Francisco moves closer to Salazar already feeling safe in his presence.
88) 0) text: Francisco and Salazar eat at a beautifully set table.  Th are waited on by military officers who serve perfect flan the end of the meal.
88) 1) dialog: In my home I have B&amp;W speakers.  I  recently purchased a compact disc  burner.  I can make my own cd's,  with whatever music I like, as if I  bought them at the store, only I  don't have to pay these crazy prices.
88) 3) dialog: I got into stereo equipment when I  was a kid.  Some people don't notice  the difference but it is very  important to me.
90) 0) text: A MAN walks down the street.  Two SUV's pull up in front him.  He starts to run.  Salazar's men jump out and chase him. Francisco is in the backseat of one of the SUV's, watchin
92) 0) text: Javier and Manolo and Francisco sit in the SUV.  Francisc is weeping.
92) 1) dialog: I can't go home.  I don't want to  go.  Please don't make me. He looks beseechingly at them.
92) 3) dialog: I'll be killed.
148) 1) dialog: Who is this? Helena gathers her courage, then...
148) 3) dialog: Yes.
148) 5) dialog: You may speak.
149) 1) dialog: I love this place.  Don't turn around. Behind her Francisco Flores takes a photo with an instant camera.
149) 2) dialog: You were followed by the police, but  they won't hear us over the children.   I want to use a bomb.
149) 4) dialog: I don't really like guns.  You shoot  someone in the head three times and  some doctor will keep them alive.
149) 6) dialog: I don't know.  Eduardo Ruiz is the  only real witness against Carl.  The  security is very tight.  There may  not be a way.
149) 8) dialog: Careful... You're sounding like your  husband, Mrs. Ayala.
157) 0) text: The cruiser pulls into a fenced and gated parking lot. Gordon, Castro and Ruiz, walking with a limp, cross to th building entrance. As they push inside, Francisco Flores, in a conservative  grey suit passes them going outside. The parking lot is empty of people.  The guards at the ga talk about something distracting. Francisco passes by the cruiser and drops his keys.  Knee down he extracts a small, powerful, magnetized bomb from jacket.  He attaches it to the underside of the vehicle,  stands and walks toward the guard gate.
160) 0) text: Across the street, Francisco, encrypted cell phone to his ear, watches from his own car as Gordon, Castro, and Ruiz stand by their car without getting in, then walk away fro the car.
160) 1) dialog: (into phone)
160) 2) text: They're not getting into the car.   What are they doing?  They're walking  right at me. The men start across the street toward Francisco.
162) 0) text: Francisco watches Ruiz and the agents walk up the street  toward him.
162) 1) dialog: (into phone)
163) 0) text: Francisco steps from the car and mingles in with OTHER PE walking along the sidewalk.  He follows them for few yard picking his moment. He closes the distance to Gordon, Castro and Ruiz, pullin pistol from inside his jacket.  He takes careful aim from twelve feet away and is about to shoot Ruiz when a bullet hole appears in his chest.  He staggers, trying to squeez the trigger, Francisco fires the gun once, wildly -- A tourist screams -- Gordon and Castro and Ruiz turn -- Francisco is looking down at the widening red splotch in center of his shirt, uncertain of what has happened -- Gordon shoves Ruiz down into a doorway and fires three qu shots -- Francisco spins around and drops on his face in the stree Citizens run in all directions fearing a psychopath with NRA card coming off a bad week of day-trading -- Gordon and Castro with Ruiz beneath them scan the streets
165) 0) text: Agents surround Ruiz. Gordon walks to the body of Francisco lying face down in gutter.  He turns him over with his shoe and sees his fac
181) 0) text: A shrewd Obregon Lieutenant, JUAN MARQUEZ, 40, sits at a  table opposite Helena.  The Strange Man who both threaten Helena's child and executed Francisco sits in another cha
219) 0) text: General Salazar sits in the same grimy cell that housed  Francisco Flores.  He is sweating and his breathing is  labored.  A DOCTOR enters and gives him an injection,  explaining that it will calm him down.