33) 3) dialog: Mmm. Nan can't believe it.
33) 5) dialog: Well, that's true.  I don't. (re: her belly)
33) 8) dialog: It's delicious --
33) 16) dialog: I've heard... I can't remember  where... That it's full of that good  kind of fat, the kind you're supposed to eat --
33) 19) dialog: And now there's a good cholesterol  and bad cholesterol.  Everything  they tell you completely changes  every other week.  I don't know why  they think we should listen at all.
34) 0) text: Helena buckles her little boy, DAVID, 5, into the front s of her Mercedes.  He won't let go of his putter.
34) 1) dialog: I'll put this in the back.
34) 3) dialog: All the professionals keep them in  the trunk.
34) 5) dialog: Especially Tiger Woods. (sharing a secret)
35) 0) text: A modern high-rise on the waterfront playground of San Di Helena passes the hotel in her car.
41) 0) text: There are MAIDS in the house and a COOK in the kitchen. large rooms are filled with fine art. Helena Ayala sits at the dining room table with plans, bi and receipts spread before her.  Carl enters and paces ar the room, continuing his cell phone conversation.
41) 2) text: I'm sorry, Jonas.  I don't care if  that is the price you have gotten in  order countries. Helena watches her husband pace as he talks.  He can't he it, but a portion of this call is theatrical, for an  audience's benefit, which in this instance happens to be wife.  Helena's expression of annoyance resets itself int love.
41) 4) text: You're a reasonable man... So take  the weekend to think about it. Carl clicks off the phone, turns to Helena.
41) 7) dialog: Hi.
41) 9) dialog: Just watching you.
41) 12) dialog: I keep feeling like I'm forgetting  something. Her husband watches her, then wraps his arms around her.
42) 0) text: Carl and Helena step out on the front porch of their home and watch David play with his golf putter.
42) 2) dialog: David, come inside -- Suddenly, POLICE and DEA enter the front yard.  Gordon an Castro enter the yard and move quickly up the drive to Ca
50) 0) text: In the intake area of a busy San Diego precinct, Helena s on a bench and regroups.  Detectives move past her.   Handcuffed criminals are separated, bagged and tagged. beautifully dressed man, ARNIE METZGER, 30's, super- lawy knows everyone from the top of the system to the bottom,  slick but likable, smart and ruthless, too, separates him from a DETECTIVE he's gladhanding and approaches Helena.
50) 2) dialog: Arnie, thank God. Metzger sits, giving her a hug.
50) 3) dialog: Can you please tell me what on earth  is going on? Arnie looks at her as if to say, "do you really not know? Then, he speaks quietly with his hand in front of his mou
50) 5) dialog: Why are you talking like that?
50) 8) dialog: Arnie, this is crazy. He makes eye contact with her.
50) 11) dialog: What is he being charged with?
50) 13) dialog: Arnie, I feel like Alice stepping  through the looking glass.
51) 0) text: Helena exits.  Her expression is set as she drives.  She  turns a corner in the shopping district, passing JAVIER A MANOLO who are walking down the street.  Tourists, drunk  Marines and the homeless piss away another day. We follow them into a bar with blackened windows and a  discrete sign.
62) 0) text: A conservative monied crowd mingles.  Helena is talking w a GROUP of rich people who include her friends, Nan, Stew and Alex, from the country-club, and their HUSBANDS.
62) 2) dialog: Thank you so much, but I had a lot  of help. Helena circles away.  As Helena leaves, the women speak t minds --
67) 0) text: Helena slips into David's room and quietly watches him sl
68) 0) text: Still wearing her evening gown, Helena collapses into a c exhausted.  A TAP at the door startles her. It's Arnie Metzger, who goes to the bar and pours himself strong one.  They sit opposite each other and neither spe for a while.
68) 1) dialog: (quietly)
68) 6) text: Your husband is very good at his  job... Helena leans back and looks at Arnie.  He whispers more -
70) 0) text: Castro and Gordon have visual and audio equipment trained the Ayala home.  They both wear headsets. GORDON'S POV: the blinds covering Helena's study glowing  peacefully.
71) 0) text: The music is still playing.  Helena looks numb.  She moti Arnie to her.  He leans in.
71) 1) dialog: If all our assets are frozen and our  "sales force" has scattered...  How  am I supposed to survive?  I'm giving  birth in three months.  How do I get  through this?
71) 3) dialog: How much do I pay him?
77) 0) text: A packed courthouse.  Carl is at the defense table.  He  doesn't look at Helena who sits in the gallery next to Ar Metzger. The PROSECUTOR is finishing his argument --
78) 0) text: Adler, Arnie, and Helena push through a crowd toward her  car. There are several reporters there who ask questions --
83) 0) text: Helena reads a book, Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert, a keeps an eye on David, who is playing on the monkey bars. ACROSS THE ROAD at a careful distance is the ubiquitous  telephone repair van.  On the roof a parabolic mike swive around.
84) 0) text: Castro and Gordon watch Helena via a small surveillance  monitor.
85) 0) text: Helena notices David moving away while playing with the m She follows, then begins to jog after them.
85) 1) dialog: David, come back here this minute. David! As she closes distance the man stops juggling the ball an abruptly picks up David and begins swinging him around by his arms.  David is having fun as Helena approaches.
85) 2) dialog: David --
85) 5) dialog: Please put down my son. The man holds David.
85) 7) dialog: Thank you.  That's a valuable lesson.   David, come on. The strange man holds David tighter so that he's no longe having fun.  He begins to wriggle --
96) 0) text: Helena is on the floor surrounded by papers.  She's made  piles of certain things: articles of incorporation,  shipping/transfer documentation, bank statements, credit  card statements.  She holds a telephone to her ear --
96) 1) dialog: (to phone)
96) 2) text: Yes, hi Jenny, account number 4168  2245 3173... I need a cash advance. Helena walks into her kitchen.  It's serene in the aftern light.  She fixes ice-cold lemonade and fills two plastic cups.
96) 3) dialog: What's the largest amount I can get? (listens)
96) 4) text: Okay, I guess that'll have to do. Helena hangs up the phone.  She takes the two cups of lem to the front door and steps outside.
97) 0) text: Helena carries the cups down the driveway.  She presses a button and the gates swing open.
98) 7) dialog: I so hope I didn't startle you.  I  thought you might like some cold  lemonade.
98) 9) dialog: I know this is a difficult situation  and you're only doing your jobs.  I  don't bear you any ill-will, but I  do have a small favor to ask.
98) 11) dialog: A man threatened my children. These charges have attracted a lot  of attention and it seems to be  bringing all the nut-jobs out of the  nut jar. (beat)
98) 14) dialog: Thank you. They shut the door to the van and sit for a moment.
115) 0) text: Helena and Arnie enter his office.  The furniture is slee mid-century modern, and the view of the harbor is  extraordinary.
115) 3) dialog: Arnie, I need money.  Somebody  threatened my children.  They want a  first payment of three million  dollars.
115) 5) dialog: Arnie, help me.  Doesn't anyone owe  us money?
115) 7) dialog: Please.  Tell me who Carl sells to. Arnie thinks.
115) 9) dialog: What about legitimate businesses? We own a construction concern, real estate --
115) 11) dialog: Don't you have some good news?  Isn't  there something positive you could  say. There isn't.  Helena looks Arnie in the eyes.
115) 12) dialog: (vulnerable)
115) 15) dialog: I'm glad you think so, but I'm  picturing a debt-ridden, thirty-two  year-old mother whose ex-husband is  being compared to Pablo Escobar. (beat)
131) 0) text: Helena and Carl each hold a telephone receiver as they st at each other through a thick pane of meshed glass.  Hele is barely holding it together.  It's hard for Carl to see her like this.  After a beat --
131) 2) dialog: How's David? How's David? He's  terrific, Carl.
131) 4) dialog: We watched his father get dragged  away by federal agents.  I don't  even know how to begin to tell him  where you are or when you're coming  back... Or if you're coming back. She can't even look at him.
131) 7) dialog: (snapping)
131) 12) dialog: Tell me what to do, Carl.  I need  guidance, not a fucking platitude. (beat)
131) 18) dialog: I don't understand.
134) 0) text: Helena follows an ART APPRAISER through her formal living room as he inspects paintings and makes notations.  He is very excited and moves quickly from one to the next.
134) 2) dialog: I don't have three months.
134) 4) dialog: How much will you give me in cash?   Today. The appraiser taps out some numbers on a calculator and s the figure to Helena.
134) 5) dialog: You must be joking.  That's a fraction  of their value.
134) 7) dialog: (snapping)
134) 8) text: Get out.  Get out of my house. Helena turns and sees David in the doorway.  She goes to  him.
134) 9) dialog: It's all right.  We're have a  disagreement, that's all. The art appraiser passes them on his way out.
135) 0) text: Helena wakes up in the middle of the night with a start. Her eyes are wide open.  She has had a thought -- She climbs out of bed and quickly puts on a robe.
136) 0) text: Helena walks quickly and quietly down the hallway.  She p David's room.  She opens a door at the end of the hall --
137) 0) text: Helena enters the room.  She hits a desk lamp and we're i very comfortable and masculine upstairs study: bookshelve holding hundreds of art books; comfortable chairs; MacInt stereo; discreet flatscreen HD TV. Helena stares at a painting on one of the bookshelves.  I is "Boy with a Hoop," a small portrait by Rafael Colonel. She goes to it and looks from different angles.  She reac out and jiggles the oil.  Nothing happens.  She looks beh the painting at the backing. She notices that one corner is not glued down.  She picks a letter opener and pries the paper back.  An envelope sl out. Inside the envelope: neat, thin strips of paper dense wit information in a miniscule type and a magnetic key card.
147) 0) text: SHEILA, 38, a mousy secretary, is on the stand.  Carlos s at the defendant's table listening raptly.  Gordon and Ca sit in the back watching Helena who pays close attention the witness --
148) 0) text: Helena sits at Carl's office desk.  On the desk in front her are the lists she found and an encrypted cell phone. Helena picks up the phone.  Her hands are shaking.  She i crying as she dials.  A voice on the other end answers.
148) 2) dialog: A friend... of Carlos Ayala. There is a long pause.
148) 4) dialog: I'm on a special phone, may I speak  freely?
148) 6) dialog: I have a job for you and I don't  have much time.
149) 0) text: Helena watches David look at the wide variety of plants a flowers.  All around them a GROUP of 3rd graders, in iden T-shirts, enjoy a field trip.
149) 3) dialog: You're kidding.  Can't you shoot him  or something?
149) 5) dialog: When will you do it?
149) 7) dialog: There's always a way.  If people get  to the Pope or the President, you  can get to him. Francisco laughs.
158) 0) text: The court is filled to capacity.  Helena and Metzger watc from the gallery. The JUDGE bangs his gavel.  Adler is on his feet.
161) 0) text: Helena drives her car through downtown San Diego.
161) 1) dialog: (into phone)
162) 3) dialog: What are you?  A mouse?  Get out of  the car and do it.  This is your  chance. Francisco watches the three men walk past his car.  He ma a decision and opens his door.
164) 0) text: The STRANGE MAN who threatened Helena's children packs a  high-caliber rifle and scope into a briefcase. He snaps the case shut and quickly exits the room.  We no a man on the floor with a bullet hole in his head next to the open door.
173) 0) text: Arnie Metzger is in Helena's living room.  The stereo is  loudly playing MOZART.
173) 2) dialog: I tried, Arnie.  And, I will continue  to try.
173) 5) dialog: That is going to be rather difficult  when all the evidence is against us. Helena steps closer to Arnie, close enough that her breas are almost touching his chest.
173) 7) dialog: (softly)
173) 8) text: I know I made things worse.  I know  that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need  something from you.  Something only  you can help me with. Helena looks searchingly into his eyes.
173) 10) dialog: I need an introduction to the Obregon  Brothers.
173) 12) dialog: I figured out what Carl was up to  and I need your help.  Will you help  me?
175) 0) text: This is a professional chemical lab that can be rented by the month.  Long tables of lab and computer equipment.  N has been here in a while.  There are toys - plastic dolls frisbees, hula hoops - on many of the tables. Helena lets herself into the room.  She scans ledgers. Sh looks over the equipment. She picks up a twelve-inch high plastic Spastic Jack acti figure and a can labeled "solvent" and hurries from the l
179) 0) text: Javi drives through the streets of Tijuana.  He brakes fo stop sign and watches, trance-like, the pedestrians cross in front of him.  As the intersection clears he remains s A HONK from behind brings him back and he pulls forward  passing Helena Ayala who crosses going the opposite direc We stay with her.
180) 0) text: Helena walks down a nightlife street that is tawdry and s in the midday sun.
181) 0) text: A shrewd Obregon Lieutenant, JUAN MARQUEZ, 40, sits at a  table opposite Helena.  The Strange Man who both threaten Helena's child and executed Francisco sits in another cha
181) 2) dialog: Yes, he threatened to kill my five  year-old son. (beat)
181) 5) dialog: Why do you say that, Mr. Marquez?
181) 7) dialog: My husband is the victim of an  informer in your organization, not  ours.
181) 9) dialog: I don't think you're going to do  that.
181) 11) dialog: There are plenty of other suppliers  in Mexico.
181) 13) dialog: My husband had been working on  something he called, The Project for  the Children.  Are you aware of this?
181) 15) dialog: We have the ability to change the  color, odor, and physical property  of cocaine.
181) 17) dialog: Not in... Juan Marquez is confused.
181) 18) dialog: This doll is cocaine. Juan picks up Spastic Jack and looks at him.  He bangs it the desk.
181) 19) dialog: Every part, from his ears to his  accessory belt, is high-impact,  pressure-molded cocaine.  Odorless.   Undetectable by dogs.  Undetectable  by anyone.
181) 21) dialog: Get a bowl.
182) 0) text: Spastic Jack is slowly dissolving in a bowl of solvent.   Only his shoulders, head, and ridiculous ears remain abov the quicksand of milky glop. Helena holds a mirror under the desk lamp.  She is drying the paste.  She puts the mirror on the desk.  A white  substance has coagulated there.
182) 1) dialog: Try it. Juan takes out a razor blade and chops the dried substanc into two white powder lines.  He hands a silver straw to  Helena.
182) 3) dialog: I'm six months pregnant.  I won't do  it.
182) 5) dialog: Fine, then we don't have a deal. She stands.  He watches her a beat, then smiles.
182) 8) dialog: It should be... It's yours. (beat)
182) 12) dialog: That's crazy.  My husband is on trial  for smuggling.
182) 14) dialog: You will help me with my other  problem.
183) 0) text: Helena follows Tigrillo.  As they pass the restrooms she  signals that she has to stop.
184) 0) text: Helena goes into a stall.  She extracts the cocaine from handbag. She looks at it, trying to figure out where it goes.  She hikes up her skirt.
186) 0) text: Javi goes into Mexico.  Pan over to Helena's Mercedes.
187) 0) text: She inches the car forward towards the officer who select vehicles for inspection.  The car ahead of her passes thr and speeds away.  The OFFICER flags Helena and directs he into the search facility.
188) 0) text: Helena pulls into a search bay. A CUSTOMS OFFICER watches Helena lower her window.
188) 2) dialog: I'm in a hurry --
189) 0) text: There is a bank of video monitors showing the scenes all  over the facility. ON THE MONITOR: Helena's car is on a lift three feet off ground.  Officers pour over the inside and undercarriage the Mercedes. Nearby, A GERMAN SHEPHERD sniffs at the items that have b removed from the car: bags, spare tire, cd boxes.
190) 0) text: Customs OFFICERS approach Helena --
191) 0) text: A FEMALE CUSTOMS INSPECTOR accompanied by a female SUPERV INSPECTOR leads Helena into a sterile room where there is place to hide anything.
191) 2) dialog: You've got to be kidding me.  I'm  pregnant.  What if I refuse?
193) 6) text: Helena Ayala left Club Platinum in  Tijuana.  The Obregon Brothers' place.   They stopped her at the border but  she was clean.  She's in San Diego  now. Gordon runs for his car.
194) 0) text: Arnie sits in his office, spacing out, admiring his view  when an ASSISTANT shows Helena in.  As soon as the door s
194) 1) dialog: Did you get it?
194) 3) dialog: (making fun of Arnie)
194) 6) dialog: It's the same stuff?  From the rainy  day stash?
194) 8) dialog: I'm desperate, but I'm not stupid. I flushed it in the bathroom of their godawful nightclub.
199) 0) text: Helena watches David play a video game.  They have finish their lunch, a mess of pizza rinds.
199) 1) dialog: Come on.  Time to go. The CLOWN tries to catch their attention with some mime, they ignore him.
200) 0) text: Helena and David are pushing out the door.  The man walki the other way past them is Tigrillo from the Tijuana cart As they pass --
200) 1) dialog: (under her breath)
217) 0) text: The court is packed.  Helena and Arnie watch from the gal The judge is at the bench. The prosecutor rises --
224) 0) text: An outdoor party is going on.  Children and adults arrive and mingle.  Caterers work the barbecue grill.  Waiters s food and drink on the rolling lawn. Helena circles through the crowd greeting friends.  She l past her tree line and up the street where a telephone re van is parked.  She turns back toward her guests.  Somebo has raised a cup and everyone is CHEERING. Helena drinks with her guests, then walks inside her hous
229) 0) text: Carl hears MUFFLED GUNSHOTS over the phone.  He hangs up turns from the window.  Helena is standing there.
229) 1) dialog: Who was that?
229) 3) dialog: Come downstairs.  Everyone is waiting. Carl and Helena turn to leave the room and Montel Gordon standing in the doorway with his glass of champagne.
229) 10) dialog: (to the guards)
229) 11) text: Throw him out of here. The security officers grab Gordon.  There is a scuffle.   Gordon falls to the floor by the window.  They are wrestl As they wrestle, Gordon reaches out and, unnoticed, affix TINY LISTENING DEVICE underneath the desk. He continues to struggle with the guards.  Helena and Car start from the room.
229) 13) text: You didn't win, Helena.  You lost  everything.  Tell your children a  nice bedtime story...  How you killed  my partner.