7) 0) text: Two Mexican men, State Police officers, JAVIER RODRIGUEZ, 30's, and MANUEL "MANOLO" SANCHEZ, 20's, wearing jeans, k off Polo shirts, and cowboy boots, wait patiently in the  car.
7) 2) dialog: Which one? Another long pause.
11) 0) text: Javi and Manolo watch the moving van approach.  Javi reac under the seat and picks up a bubble flasher.  He rolls d the window and plants it on the roof.  He flips the switc Nothing happens.  He jiggles the wire and the siren BURPS and the light flashes.  Manolo and Javi step from the car smiling.
13) 16) dialog: Wasn't that General Salazar?
13) 18) dialog: What's he doing up here?
29) 0) text: A cinderblock house.  Kids and dogs in the street.  A fac we recognize as Manolo's peers out of a curtain into the  street.
30) 0) text: The ceiling is stained, the floor sags.  A cheap radio pl Manolo is at the door.  Javi sits at a dinette table. He talks to Manolo but watches Manolo's wife, ANNA, 20's, nice-looking, ostensibly demure young woman, as she moves around the kitchen.
30) 2) dialog: They wouldn't do it in front of all  these people.  They'd send someone  later, when we're alone. Manolo tenses, and throws open the window.
30) 3) dialog: (yelling out the window)
30) 4) text: Away from the car.  Now! MANOLO'S POV out the window as KIDS play in the car, sitt behind the wheel.
30) 7) dialog: Shut your fucking mouth.  Nobody's  talking to you. Anna sets a cup of coffee in front of Javi and stares at  him.
31) 0) text: Javi and Manolo cruise through the streets of Tijuana.
31) 2) dialog: She's nosy.  She hears me on the  telephone.
32) 0) text: Tourist hell.  A cacophony of street venders, panhandlers and vehicular traffic.  Javier and Manolo are speaking wi a flustered young American TOURIST COUPLE.
32) 4) dialog: Please.  Filing a report will not  help you find your car.
43) 0) text: Javi and Manolo wait in Salazar's anteroom.  A ceiling fa swirls the air.  After a moment the door opens and an AID motions to them.  They stand.
45) 0) text: Manolo faces Javier.
45) 1) dialog: This is fucking crazy.  Instead of  killing us, he sends us on a suicide  mission.  Do you know who Frankie  Flowers is?  He's a psycho-cokehead- hitman.  A faggot.  He's killed  fucking who knows how many people.   You'd need half the force to get  close to him.  And you can't get  their help because he lives in fucking  San Diego.
51) 0) text: Helena exits.  Her expression is set as she drives.  She  turns a corner in the shopping district, passing JAVIER A MANOLO who are walking down the street.  Tourists, drunk  Marines and the homeless piss away another day. We follow them into a bar with blackened windows and a  discrete sign.
52) 0) text: This is a place where men come to meet men.  And it's alr lively even at this early hour.  Javier and Manolo find a seat and wait.
87) 0) text: Javier and Manolo stand guard outside the front door of t dining hall.  Javi smokes a cigarette.
87) 1) dialog: A group of us are going out tonight.
87) 3) dialog: Guzman, Tomas, Esteban --
87) 5) dialog: Yeah.  It should be fun.  You wanna  come?
89) 0) text: Manolo and Javier pound on the front door of an apartment A MAN opens the door and they grab him.
92) 0) text: Javier and Manolo and Francisco sit in the SUV.  Francisc is weeping.
102) 0) text: Javi slams Manolo against the side of building.
102) 2) dialog: It's no problem.  I was just with  everybody we work with.
102) 4) dialog: No, but a lot of other people.  You  should come.  You should come out  with us.
116) 0) text: Javier and Manolo ride through a nice neighborhood in Mex City.  Javi isn't familiar with the roads and drives  cautiously. A young lady, ROSARIO, early 20's, sexy and vulnerable, r in the back of the SUV.
117) 0) text: Birds are chirping.  Javi waits in the car as Manolo take the young lady's bags from the vehicle and carries them u the walkway to the arched doorway.  He knocks on the heav wooden door.
117) 2) dialog: There's supposed to be someone here  to let you in. Finally, the door swings open and a BODYGUARD is standing there.  Rosario SQUEALS and sweeps past him into the vast space.  The bodyguard motions for Manolo to put the bags  inside the door. Manolo sets the bags down and sees another MAN standing a few feet away.  The man wears sunglasses.  His complexion strange and his neck is bandaged. The body guard escorts Manolo back outside where he hears Rosario's happy LAUGHTER drifting down from an upstairs  window.
118) 0) text: Manolo gets into the truck.  He's shaken by what he's jus seen.
118) 1) dialog: Madrigal's alive.
118) 3) dialog: Porfirio Madrigal is not dead.  I  just saw him. A long beat as Javier considers this.
118) 5) dialog: Javi!  Come on.  Don't pull this you  don't care bullshit.  This is  incredible information.  It must be. Javi --
169) 0) text: A fire truck and paramedic unit WHIZZES by.  Manolo sits an outdoor cafe table, waiting.  He can't help looking ar at the attractive people, but he's also nervous. Suddenly two MEN, recognizable as Salazar's OFFICERS from the desert drug bust, sitting at a nearby table, rise and move to Manolo's table.
169) 3) dialog: No.  I'm looking for the waiter.  I  want to order.
169) 5) dialog: A steak.
169) 7) dialog: That's okay, really. They each take Manolo by an arm.
170) 0) text: We're looking through the windshield as we approach the  Mexican border.  As the car slows, we pan to follow the b official as he looks in briefly and waves us through.  We continue to pan to reveal Manolo in the backseat sitting  beside Man #2.
171) 0) text: We're in the desert.  There's nothing in any directions. Javi is implacable.  Manolo understands what is happening
171) 1) dialog: I was going to feed them wrong  information.  Feed them lies to...   it was for... The men say nothing.  After a beat --
171) 2) dialog: Don't tell Anna I died like this.   Tell her it was something else.   Tell her it was official business.   Tell her that I died doing something  honorable.  Please, tell her that  for me...
172) 0) text: Javi and Manolo stand next to two freshly dug graves.