1) 3) dialog: Mr. Rodman...it's too bad your client  didn't show as much sense in choosing  what he planted as he did in choosing  his attorney... A polite chuckle from the justices --
1) 4) dialog: Lately the only variation I'm hearing  in your argument is the name of the  client.  And you can sit there all  day arguing the ins and outs of  Illinois v. Gates, but you aren't  going to convince me that this country  has not sanctioned the use of  anonymous informants. (beat)
1) 7) dialog: Mr. Rodman, may I offer a piece of  advice?  The next time you argue  this point before this court,  regardless of my whereabouts, I  recommend you have something up your  sleeve other than your arm.
2) 2) dialog: Depends who it's from.
2) 5) dialog: You can learn a lot about somebody  from this stuff.  Three categories:  you like me, you hate me, you want  something from me. (re: the elaborate  box)
2) 8) dialog: Depends on the state.
2) 11) dialog: Medicinal marijuana initiative. (beat)
2) 12) text: Or am I being cynical? They both laugh.  Robert reaches up and pulls a bottle of Scotch from a shelf.  He pours a couple of fingers in two glasses.
2) 14) dialog: Not by me. They toast and drink.
3) 0) text: Robert exits, trailed by a small group of reporters.  He  gets into a car being driven by two security TYPES.
4) 0) text: Robert sits in a business class window seat.
5) 0) text: An expensive hotel.  Robert Wakefield stands at the windo looking at the view of our nation's capital. SUPERTITLE: WASHINGTON D.C.
5) 2) dialog: In front of the mirror now, trying on a dark, tasteful ja
5) 3) text: On Robert in the same position, only now we are in HIS HO It's daytime, and his wife BARBARA is helping him into th same jacket.  As her hands dust the lint off his shoulder
5) 5) dialog: In the hotel rooms, making the same motions.  Satisfied, straightens, then turns to look at himself.
5) 7) dialog: Back at the hotel room window now.  Reaches to the table lifts the wine glass.
26) 0) text: The White House CHIEF OF STAFF meets with Robert Wakefiel The Chief of Staff has the floor; he always has the floor This is a man you do not want to disappoint.
26) 4) dialog: I'll be sure to let you know.
27) 0) text: Robert makes his way through a warren of hallways in the  endless corridors of the Old Executive Building alongside JEFF SHERIDAN, 35, an enthusiastic government employee wh has found his place.
27) 2) dialog: Like you protected Landry?
28) 0) text: Robert and Sheridan enter the office of outgoing Drug Cza GENERAL RALPH LANDRY, 60's, buzz-cut, professional soldie with a sense of humor. Landry is putting some personal items in a box.
28) 3) text: Functionaries.  Nice people, the  Schedule C's.  About twelve graduate  degrees apiece, but it seems sometimes  all they do is start rumors. Robert and Landry shake hands.
28) 4) dialog: You've done a fine job here, Sir. The Office of National Drug Control  Policy is in better shape than when  you found it. Landry tries to determine whether Robert believes this. looks around the office as if the policy is hiding somewh
28) 7) dialog: There are a lot of encouraging  statistics.  The work's just started,  but I intend to see it through.   You've got my word on that.
28) 10) dialog: I've come in to do a tough job and  that's what I'm going to focus on. General Landry SIGHS.
38) 0) text: A power cocktail party in full swing.  This is where most the business in Washington gets done. Robert, scotch in hand, listens to a smug PHARMACEUTICAL  LOBBYIST explain the world.
38) 2) dialog: (faking it)
38) 3) text: That's very interesting. The lobbyist smiles.  Robert sips his drink.
38) 4) dialog: In another room.  Listening to STAN, overweight advocate the United States Council of Chambers of Commerce.
38) 6) dialog: listening to ETHAN, earnest advocate of harm reduction.
38) 8) dialog: (under his breath)
38) 12) text: Chemicals?  Some say problems, others  say solution.  Imagine a cloud that  when it rains prohibits the growth  of poppies or takes the THC out of  marijuana.  Imagine a pill that  eliminates any psychological craving,  from Dilaudid to Dove Bars.  Law  enforcement hasn't let science sit  on the sidelines.  Addiction is no  more relevant than polio or the Black  Plague. Tim slips away into the crowd.  Robert moves away from th bar.
38) 17) text: Back in the real world, we're talking  about Mexico and not John Maynard  Keynes.  We will spend 18 billion  dollars this year on this "war," and  the question on the table every year  is do we certify Mexico as an ally  or not? Another man, RUSH PHILLIPS, a middle-aged powerbroker,  overhears, then joins and Robert is encircled.
38) 29) text: Mr. Wakefield, there's a situation  that needs your attention right away. Robert looks at Michael, squints, looks closer, then foll
38) 31) text: One in sixteen Americans is of Mexican  descent.  Mexico our third largest  trading partner... ANGLE ON ROBERT AND MICHAEL ON THE BACK PORCH.
38) 32) dialog: You're looking pretty good for an  old guy.
38) 34) dialog: Which part, getting terrorists loose  on bail or freeing convicted murderers  on technicalities?
38) 36) dialog: Michael, you represent drug dealers,  not civil libertarians.
38) 38) dialog: Noriega is a criminal.
38) 40) dialog: (amused)
38) 43) dialog: If I ever return to the bench,  Counselor Adler, I hope I have the  pleasure of hearing your arguments.
46) 0) text: Robert Wakefield sits in business class.  He twists the c off a mini-bottle of bourbon and pours it over a cup of i He empties a second bottle into the cup, then swirls it a on the ice.  He takes a sip.
47) 0) text: Robert exits with his briefcase and hanging bag, two SECU MEN trailing him.  He sees Barbara and Caroline, his wife and daughter, waiting by the their station wagon.  They w
48) 0) text: On the way home from the airport.  Caroline drives carefu with Barbara in the front seat and Robert in back.
48) 1) dialog: What's it like? (thinks)
48) 4) dialog: Fine -- legalization.  Okay,  forgetting all of our international  trade agreements, legalize everything  today.  The Government inserts itself  into all drug transactions.  The  U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy.  Our  borders are mobbed, lines of people  from here to Europe wanting to smoke,  snort and shoot themselves into  oblivion.
48) 7) dialog: Drugs begin pouring out of America  into every other country in the world.   Canada is completely overwhelmed.
48) 9) dialog: (smiles)
49) 0) text: From the hallway we see Robert and Barbara and Caroline h dinner.  A family tableau.  We hear Barbara talking, the  murmur of the days events. In the room, Barbara continues her dinner table thoughts. Robert has a good deal of reading material stacked on the table.
49) 2) dialog: That's frustrating.
49) 7) dialog: As it happens, the President of the  United States, my new boss, the leader  of the free world, has me penciled  in for some "face time".
49) 9) dialog: I don't know.
49) 11) dialog: It's a presidential appointment so...  until I quit or get fired.
73) 0) text: Robert is looking at Caroline and he's not happy.  Barbar is there, at a neutral distance from both of them.
73) 1) dialog: Caroline?  How well did you know  this boy who overdosed? She looks up beseechingly.
73) 7) dialog: Okay, honey.  We understand.  You're  mother and I have to talk. Caroline is confused by this reaction.
73) 10) dialog: I think she's lying.
73) 12) dialog: (reaching a decision)
73) 15) dialog: Stop.  You experimented in college. I don't want to hear about that.
73) 17) dialog: This is different.
73) 19) dialog: To begin with, she's only sixteen  years-old.
73) 21) dialog: Space for what?  To O.D. like that  other kid?  I will not send the  message that this type of behavior  is okay with her parents.  Because  it isn't.  Correct?
73) 23) dialog: How long have you known about this? No response.
73) 24) dialog: (yelling)
73) 27) dialog: Explain to me how you could think  that I shouldn't know about this. Explain to me how this wouldn't be  relevant to me.  As a parent.
74) 0) text: Robert is in the hallway, at Caroline's door.  He opens i and we get BLASTED WITH MUSIC. Caroline is sitting in a rocking chair with headphones on She faces the window and moves back and forth, back and f Robert calls her name, but the SOUNDTRACK is drowning him out. He calls again, this time apparently loud enough for her hear.  She takes the headphones off - the MUSIC stops - a turns to look at him.  Or rather, she looks right through him, as though he didn't exist.  Robert is so taken aback the coldness of her gaze that he doesn't speak. She turns away from him and puts the headphones back on.
80) 0) text: Robert Wakefield talks with an Assistant District Attorne DAN KELLY, 40's.
80) 1) dialog: I appreciate you coming in so early.
80) 3) dialog: Still, this was a sensitive issue  for me and I wanted to thank you  personally.
80) 6) dialog: I don't know what you mean.
80) 8) dialog: I... I don't really know.
80) 10) dialog: No, of course not.  She's one of the  top students at her school.
81) 0) text: Robert in his car, thinking.  The streets are empty.  He  picks up the cell phone.
81) 1) dialog: (into phone)
81) 2) text: It's Robert.  Wipe your schedule  clean for the next three days.  I'm  tired of talking to experts who never  set foot outside the beltway.  It's  time to see the front lines.
95) 0) text: On an elevated walkway, this booth commands a view of  everything.  Robert and Sheridan listen to an OFFICIAL gi the spiel.
95) 2) dialog: Any idea how much?
95) 5) dialog: What do you look for?
95) 7) dialog: Any way we can do it better?
95) 11) dialog: That triple the amount of stuff is  going through.
111) 0) text: A huge lunchroom.  Long plastic institutional tables and  agents minding their own business, Robert, Sheridan, and their Epic Guide walk through.  The pass a wall of black and white head shots --
111) 1) dialog: Who are these guys?
111) 5) dialog: looking through the binoculars.
111) 6) dialog: He died in a liposuction surgery,  right?
111) 9) dialog: Who do we interface with on their  side?
111) 11) dialog: I mean, who runs interdiction on the  Mexico side?
112) 0) text: Robert, walking with purpose, leads his group to their pl
113) 0) text: Robert and Sheridan and several DEA, Law Enforcement, and Military Officials.  It's a nice plane, used for importan people and Robert has the best seat.
113) 1) dialog: I want everyone thinking out the box  for a second.  What are we gonna do  about Mexico? (silence)
113) 4) dialog: Unlimited.
113) 6) dialog: Come on.  I want to hear from  everyone: FBI.  Customs.  Treatment. Is there anyone from treatment on  this plane? (no one answers)
113) 9) text: So, as of right now, this flight  only, consider the dam on new ideas  thrown open. Still, no one else says anything.  They watch Robert  impassively.
113) 10) dialog: If I'm not mistaken, we got DEA,  Pentagon, U.S. Attorneys office,  about a billion dollars of budget  right here.  So what are you people  waiting for?
119) 0) text: Barbara drives Robert home from the airport.  There's a s they've been silent for a while.
119) 1) dialog: I think we may have found our Mexican  Drug Czar.  It's this General,  Salazar.  At least I'll have somebody  on the other side I can talk to.
119) 3) dialog: Possibly. Another silence.
119) 5) dialog: Barbara --
119) 7) dialog: The first thing we have to do is  present a unified front.
119) 9) dialog: Look, I'm as worried as you are --
119) 11) dialog: Yeah, well, she has a way of self-  medicating that probably seems  familiar, too. She looks at him, stung.
119) 13) dialog: I have a drink before dinner to take  the edge off my day.  That's  different.
119) 15) dialog: Yeah, because the alternative is to  be bored to death.
120) 0) text: He car pulls into the driveway.  Robert gets out.  Barbar doesn't.  He looks back at her.
121) 0) text: Robert Wakefield steps inside his home.    It's very QUIE He checks the mail on the hall table.
122) 0) text: Robert walks down the hallway.  He steps into Caroline's  bedroom.
123) 0) text: Robert stands outside her closed bathroom door. There is nothing, then from the other side of the door, t faint sound of a lighter CLICKING.  AGAIN and AGAIN, then COUGH.
124) 1) dialog: (muffled by the door)
124) 7) dialog: You're not going anywhere, young  lady. She stands there; she's very high. Robert sniffs the air.  He throws open cabinets, searchin for drugs.  He sees the smudge mark on the counter left b the charred aluminum foil.
124) 8) dialog: Where is it?  Where are the drugs? (yelling)
124) 11) dialog: Fuck me?  Oh, okay.  Fuck me.  Fuck  you. Robert is losing it.  He throws stuff around the bathroom and then, for the first time, looks up.  He sees the long light in the box atop the medicine cabinet and it dawns o him.
124) 12) dialog: I'm going to ask you one time to  tell me the truth so that I can help  you. She just stares.
124) 13) dialog: Okay, young lady, that's it.
124) 15) dialog: What is wrong with you?  What? (beat)
124) 18) dialog: Oh, yes I can.
138) 0) text: Robert and Sheridan ride in the back of the chopper.  Eac looks out his own window. A newspaper on the seat between them shows a front page p of General Salazar, exultant, and the headline reads in  Spanish, "Salazar Named Chief of Anti-Narcotics Operation
140) 0) text: Robert Wakefield and General Salazar stroll through the n headquarters where boxes are still being unpacked.  Javie and Sheridan trail along behind them.
140) 2) dialog: I'd like to bring you up to  Washington, walk you around our side  of things, and share some of the  information we've been able to develop  on your cartels.
141) 2) dialog: You've been making very good progress  against the Tijuana cartel.
141) 4) dialog: Hopefully the exchange of training  methods and information between our  countries will help with this problem.
141) 6) dialog: Let me ask you a related question.   We've talked about the supply side,  but what about demand?  What is your  policy for treating addiction?
151) 0) text: Robert is on the telephone, listening.  He is not happy. Sheridan watches him.
151) 1) dialog: (into phone)
151) 4) dialog: I have to go.  I have to go home.
152) 0) text: Robert and Barbara sit at the kitchen table.
152) 2) dialog: No, not yet.
153) 0) text: Robert drives through the streets in his Cadillac DeVille
154) 0) text: Robert rides in glum silence.  He looks at passersby who almost all black and almost all stare back at the white m in his Cadillac. A group of young men stare threateningly as he rolls past On the street, in the lee of a Brownstone staircase, a de is going down.
154) 4) dialog: She snuck away.  And we haven't seen  her.  She hasn't come home.
154) 6) dialog: She hasn't called you?
154) 12) dialog: Can you tell me anything?  Do you  have any ideas?
154) 14) dialog: I'm not the police.  I don't care  about experimentation.  She's a kid. I'm worried to death.
154) 16) dialog: I don't give a fuck about your parents --
154) 18) dialog: What?
154) 21) dialog: You don't know what the hell you're  talking about.  You're a cocky  seventeen year-old and you don't  have a clue what the stakes are.   You don't know the value of the life  you've yet to throw away.  And neither  does she.
154) 25) dialog: (through the window)
154) 28) dialog: I don't want anything.
154) 31) dialog: You want to help?  Stay the fuck  away from her.
154) 33) dialog: I'm looking for my daughter. The dealer looks at him with disgust, turns his back, and waves everyone else away. Robert slams his fist against the steering wheel.  He sla it again and again.  He stops and pulls away, just as
176) 0) text: Barbara is waiting in the living room.  Robert enters.  H shakes his head then stands silently for a beat.
176) 1) dialog: About the other night, I'm sorry.
176) 3) dialog: God, I don't get it.  Are we supposed  to say to ourselves, be prepared to  lose her, be prepared to lose our  child? (beat)
177) 0) text: Robert is standing in the middle of her room.  He's not s what he's looking for.  Everywhere he looks: her personal things, beloved objects from more innocent times, picture Within moments a legitimate desire to connect with his  daughter has escalated into a search for clues.  He opens her drawers, dumps little boxes, pulls things off of shel He becomes increasingly unhinged, flinging things around room.  He tosses a stack of magazines.  A fashion magazin airborne, discharges some contents: a lighter, a plastic  tube and a piece of folded aluminum foil fluttering to th ground. Robert stares at the foil on the carpet.  It's charred on the outside.  He picks it up.  And unfolds it.  There's a dried milky white substance. He picks up the tube and lighter and stares at them.  The somewhat tentatively, he puts the tube in his mouth.  He  holds the lighter under the foil, then heats the milky  substance which turns translucent and disappears in a clo of smoke.  Robert sucks all of it in. He waits a long time then exhales.  His eyes shut.  The t drops from his mouth.  He staggers and, overwhelmed by th sensations, sits on the bed.  The lighter and foil fall f his hands. A moment later he opens his eyes and doesn't seem to know where he is.  He looks at the room, confused.  He stumble to the door and shuts it firmly behind him.
195) 0) text: Robert sleeps in his clothes on top of the covers.  Barba is asleep beside him.  The phone rings.  Robert answers. Barbara watches.
195) 1) dialog: Hello.
195) 3) dialog: No, it's all right. There's a beat.
195) 5) dialog: What?  I thought Madrigal was dead.   I thought it was verified.
195) 8) dialog: I'll get there as soon as I can.
195) 12) dialog: (to Sheridan)
196) 0) text: The drawers and cabinets are open.  Barbara and Robert as what is missing.
197) 0) text: Robert looks at their home entertainment center.  Barbara enters this room.
197) 2) dialog: So's the video camera.
197) 5) dialog: She'll be at a pawn shop in an hour. Ten minutes after that she'll be at her dealer's.  If I f him, maybe I find her.
198) 0) text: The bored children of privilege, wearing their blazers or uniform grey skirts, stare at a TEACHER behind a desk. The door opens and Robert enters.  He finds Seth Abrahms the back of the class and walks straight to him.  Robert  grabs a fistful of shirt and tie.
198) 3) dialog: Seth has to be excused.  He's going  on a field trip.
201) 0) text: Robert and Seth are parked across the street from Sketch' building.  They watch people, mostly white people, get wh they need.
201) 2) dialog: I can't believe you used to bring my  daughter here, to this place.
201) 4) dialog: You're starting to piss me off.  Get  out of the car. Robert and Seth get our of the car and walk across the st
202) 0) text: Robert and Seth stand in the dim, dingy hallway.  A JUNKI leaves.
202) 3) dialog: I'm looking for my daughter, Caroline.   She comes here.
202) 5) dialog: I need to find my daughter.  I'll  pay you. Sketch pulls a gun and shoves it against Robert's cheek.
202) 7) dialog: I have money --
202) 9) dialog: I'll pay you a thousand dollars.  I  have it in my wallet.
202) 11) dialog: Just tell me where she is. Sketch pushes Robert back into the hall.  Sketch sees Set lurking there.
203) 0) text: Seth and Robert walk to the car.
206) 0) text: Seth walks up the steps and into the building.  A beat la he reappears and continues down the street. Robert emerges from across the street and follows at a gu distance.
207) 0) text: Seth walks along the seedy neighborhood street.  He appro the Villa Elaine.  He turns up the steps and disappears  inside. Robert follows him.
208) 0) text: Robert ascends the stairs.  As he enters the hallway he s Seth pounding on one of the doors.
209) 0) text: Robert sees a middle-aged JOHN in his underwear and a dre shirt.
210) 2) text: They've invited me to write lyrics  for them, I'm gonna be able to do  that and maybe sing, too... not at  first, but later. Caroline gets lost in her grandiose vision.  Robert looks over at her as she drifts off into a nod.  A moment later she's awake and rambling again.
210) 4) text: I've been doing research for the  school paper, that's what I've been  doing, like on assignment kind-of,  I've seen some stuff you wouldn't  believe, but I'm gonna write it all  down into lyrics.  They think I'm  really good, everybody says so, what  do you think? Robert fights back tears.  He reaches over and takes his  daughter's hand.
212) 0) text: Robert on the telephone.
212) 1) dialog: (into phone)
218) 0) text: Robert Wakefield enters the office of the Chief of Staff, who looks up from what he's doing, which is reading Rober report, and is already mid-sentence.
218) 3) text: It's fantastic... So, Robert, my  genuine thanks.  You're my choice  and you're gonna be great.  The  President is sorry he hasn't been  able to spend more time with you.   After the press conference he wants  to really sit down. (an afterthought)
218) 4) text: Oh, I got to the Post, too.  Don't  worry about that thing with your  daughter, it's not news; they're  willing to treat it as a family  matter, a personal matter. (off Robert's stare)
218) 5) text: Look, even if it came out, we'd turn  it into a qualification, I've been  in the trenches of this Drug War, I  have seen the face of the enemy,  etcetera. Robert just stares at him.
223) 0) text: Robert and Javi walk through the headquarters, a nondescr government building. Robert extracts photographs of the bust from a manila  envelope.  The crates of cocaine are clearly marked "911.
223) 1) dialog: The cocaine brand, 911, is an East  Coast brand, a Juarez Cartel brand,  and you must know it usually comes  through into El Paso?
223) 3) dialog: So what's it doing in Tijuana? Javi looks Robert Wakefield squarely in the eye.  He shru
223) 4) dialog: Let me ask you a hypothetical  question: if Salazar worked for  Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and  he went out of power, would it mean  the Juarez Cartel is losing influence?
223) 6) dialog: That would probably mean the Tijuana  Cartel is gaining power?
223) 8) dialog: Is it possible to have a Drug Czar  in Mexico who isn't connected in  some war to one of the cartels? Javi thinks along time before answering.
232) 0) text: The PRESS SECRETARY stands at the familiar podium address the White House Press Corps. Robert Wakefield stands to one side with Chief of Staff, lawyers, Sheridan and General Landry.
232) 2) dialog: (reading his prepared  speech)
232) 4) text: There has been progress and there  have been failures, but where we  have fallen short I see not a problem  but an opportunity. Robert is becoming increasingly uneasy.  He glances at th Chief of Staff who bores into him.  He looks again at his speech.  With great effort he continues.
232) 5) dialog: An opportunity to correct the mistakes  of the past while laying a solid  foundation for the future. (a long, uncomfortable  beat)
232) 6) text: This takes not only new ideas, but  perseverance.  This takes not only  resources, but courage.  This takes  not only government, but families. Robert stops again as though the words are choking him.
232) 7) dialog: I've... I've outlined a ten-point  plan, representing a new bilateral  effort... He can't finish.  Everyone stares at Robert.  The crowd o reporters senses something is wrong.
232) 8) dialog: I can't do this. (beat)
232) 9) text: If there is a War on Drugs then our  own families have become the enemy.   How can you wage war on your own  family? He walks out of the room.  The crowd waits, expecting him return. Robert walks down a corridor and out of the White House.
234) 5) dialog: My name is Robert.  This is my wife,  Barbara.  We're Caroline's parents.   We're just hear to listen.