25) 2) dialog: Father of Greek tragedy?  Anyone? Okay, Aeschylus it is. (hits keys)
25) 3) text: His trilogy?  The Oresteia.  I mean  this is beautiful, can anyone stop  the Seth Machine? (hits keys)
25) 4) text: Score.  Thank you.  Madmax from Omaha  we own you.  And Tragedy is closed  out. Seth leans over and snorts a line of coke from a mirror. hands it to Caroline who effortlessly does one.
25) 6) dialog: Banal Love Songs it is. (hits keys)
25) 10) dialog: (concentrating)
25) 12) dialog: Inhale the smoke and hold it.
25) 14) dialog: Not like.  It is. He lights the flame under the aluminum foil.  The puddle  crackles and pops, then starts to smoke --
25) 15) dialog: Go...  Go! There's a rush of thick grey smoke.  Caroline catches mos of it.
25) 16) dialog: Hold it. She pulls it in deeper and holds... Suddenly her expressi changes... Her eyes lose their focus, her face slackens, almost sexual response.  Seth is watching her intensely.
25) 17) dialog: See... Now, you see. Caroline slumps back against the counter.  Seth moves aga her, kissing her, running his hands over her breasts and  body.  She stares over his shoulder, holding it as long a she can. Finally she exhales --
56) 0) text: High ceilings of a 1930's kitchen.  Vodka bottles and  cranberry juice and limes are spilled across a counter. THE RHODES AGAIN by Morcheeba plays from a jam-box on a  counter. Maybe ten TEENAGERS are partying hard in this kitchen.  I weird and disassociated, people wandering in and out, pla with kitchen utensils, heavily fucked up. There are drugs on a mirror on the eat-in table.  Carolin and Seth and two friends sit around this table.  VANESSA, 16, almost pretty, is hitting a freebase pipe and holds t hit.  FUCKED-UP BOWMAN, 17, super-preppy with a wan, Baby Huey face, takes a slug of vodka. They are jittery, sweaty, tweaked, fucked-up --
56) 4) dialog: We act like we have all the answers  and we're totally invincible like  our parents seem and their parents  before them and it's fucking bullshit -- Fucked-up Bowman takes another slug of vodka and almost p
56) 6) dialog: For instance I know you jack-off  thinking about Caroline even though  you're supposedly "in love" with  Vanessa.  Whatever the fuck that  means? (a digression)
56) 14) dialog: We live our lives by these unspoken  rules that are handed to us. They all look at each other, vibrating with the moment --
56) 20) dialog: What do we do?  Okay.  Fucked-up  Bowman's turning blue.  Doctor.  We  need a doctor.
56) 22) dialog: He's a research doctor.  You're dad's a doctor, too --
56) 24) dialog: Mapping the fucking pig genome. We'll call your dad, he's a neurosurgeon --
56) 27) dialog: He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor --
58) 0) text: Seth is behind the wheel.  Caroline and Vanessa are in th back.  They stare out at the cops getting out of the crui
58) 1) dialog: Nobody has anything on them, right?
103) 4) dialog: You know my dad takes eight red cold  pills every day?  He and my mom have  cocktail hour every night, from six  to seven, set your clock, two bourbons --
103) 6) dialog: Yeah, then some dope to take the  edge off at the end of a long day.
103) 8) dialog: Yes, mom --
103) 10) dialog: Drugs weren't even a problem until a  hundred years ago when the white men  in power declared them a problem.   Opiates.  But, who was using 'em?   Chinese immigrants.  Slave labor.   And the darkies up in the inner cities  dancing to them evil rhythms of ju- ju music.  People on the fringe.   Artists.  Decadent rich people.  And  who got scared?  White men in power.   Who's scared today?  White men in  power.  If J.P. Morgan and John D. Rockefeller ever admitted using,  it'd be a whole different story. TWO YOUNG STREET DEALERS fall in step with them.  One tal without moving his lips --
103) 12) dialog: 911, and the come down. One dealer hurries ahead toward the doorway of a falling- down building.
103) 14) dialog: Two hundred of C, hundred of the  other. The dealer looks them over.  He looks behind them down th street.
105) 0) text: They wait in a line in the narrow, poorly lit corridor. the end of the hall a hatch in a door slides back and the drugstore is open.  People buy and leave. Seth and Caroline approach.  In the hatch is a hardened  dealer, 20's, named SKETCH, which is tattooed on his fore He checks out Caroline's body.
105) 1) dialog: Caroline, give me your money. She hands over her money to Seth who pays and gets the dr gram baggies of rock stamped with a scorpion and "911," a wax-paper bindles of heroin, also labeled, "911." Caroline has been watching the transaction.  Sketch makes slow eye contact with Caroline.  After a beat --
105) 3) dialog: (under his breath)
106) 0) text: Seth and Caroline hold hands as they hurry down the steps The lookout speaks without moving his lips.
108) 1) dialog: We'd like room 205.
109) 0) text: They enter and the light bulb goes out.  Seth fumbles his way to the mini-fridge, which he opens, throwing feeble l across the floor. They check out the decrepit room: the sloping mattress, t black and white television bolted to the bureau.  The min fridge.  Caroline bounces on the bed.  They are teenagers Seth prepares the drugs by the light of the mini-fridge.
109) 1) dialog: I love this place. Seth dumps the drugs on the bedside table.  From other po he extracts aluminum foil, lighter, tube.  She trails awa watching him fix the first hit.
109) 2) dialog: Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd  and Nancy?
109) 5) dialog: Why?  Nobody's there. He prepares the first hit.  She does it and lies back.  H does one.
109) 7) text: The maid... They ask her what time I  get back.  She spies for them. Seth starts kissing her.  They try to get into it, but bo of them are thinking about the drugs.
109) 9) dialog: I want to have sex and do a hit right  as we're coming. Caroline's distracted by the line she's snorting.  After while...
154) 2) dialog: (genuinely surprised)
154) 5) dialog: Oh, man --
154) 7) dialog: I tried to talk to her when she was  up there, but they wouldn't put me  through. (beat)
154) 13) dialog: I don't know what to say.
154) 15) dialog: You won't say anything to my parents?
154) 17) dialog: We sometimes went downtown to score.
154) 19) dialog: The West End.  We buy it off the  streets. (beat)
154) 30) dialog: Hey man, I'm sorry.  I'm just trying  to help.
198) 0) text: The bored children of privilege, wearing their blazers or uniform grey skirts, stare at a TEACHER behind a desk. The door opens and Robert enters.  He finds Seth Abrahms the back of the class and walks straight to him.  Robert  grabs a fistful of shirt and tie.
198) 1) dialog: Hey man, what are you doing?
201) 0) text: Robert and Seth are parked across the street from Sketch' building.  They watch people, mostly white people, get wh they need.
201) 1) dialog: I don't know, maybe we missed her.
201) 3) dialog: Hey man, back the fuck up.  To this  place.  What's that shit?  Right  now, all over this country, a hundred  thousand white people from the suburbs  are driving around downtown asking  every black person they see, You got  any drugs?  You know where I can get  drugs?  What kind of effect you think  this has on the psyche of a black  person, on their possibilities?  If  you sent a hundred thousand black  people into your neighborhood, Indian  Hills, and they asked every white  person they saw, hey, you got any  drugs?, within a day, your friends  and their kids would be selling.   It's market forces, man.  The  product's marked up three hundred  percent.  You can go out on the street  and make five hundred bucks in two  hours and then do whatever you want  for the rest of the day.  You think  white people would still be going to  law school? There's a beat.
202) 0) text: Robert and Seth stand in the dim, dingy hallway.  A JUNKI leaves.
202) 1) dialog: You're gonna get me killed. Robert shoves Seth toward the door.  Seth knocks.  The do opens a crack and Sketch's face appears.
202) 14) dialog: Great.  What a good idea.
203) 0) text: Seth and Robert walk to the car.
203) 1) dialog: Man, I'm telling you.  Don't do this  vigilante thing.  Either the cops  find her or she'll call you.  I  promise. Robert looks at him, carefully.
206) 0) text: Seth walks up the steps and into the building.  A beat la he reappears and continues down the street. Robert emerges from across the street and follows at a gu distance.
207) 0) text: Seth walks along the seedy neighborhood street.  He appro the Villa Elaine.  He turns up the steps and disappears  inside. Robert follows him.
208) 0) text: Robert ascends the stairs.  As he enters the hallway he s Seth pounding on one of the doors.
208) 1) dialog: Open the door.  Open the fucking  door, man. A MAN'S VOICE comes from the other side of the door.
208) 3) dialog: I know she's in there.  Let me talk  to her.
208) 5) dialog: I know she's in there. Robert kicks the door in.