5) 0) text: An expensive hotel.  Robert Wakefield stands at the windo looking at the view of our nation's capital. SUPERTITLE: WASHINGTON D.C.
23) 0) text: Castro enters The Fun Zone.  There's a cardboard cutout o SPASTIC JACK, a beloved comedy figure who looks like a ra version of Jar Jar Binks, promoting the "Special Edition" glass: "Collect All Four."  There's an enclosure filled w colored plastic balls. The restaurant is empty except for a CLOWN filling out a  time card.  The clown stands.
25) 11) text: Just watch. He watches the substance in the spoon as it swirls and  bubbles, then separates... He pours the most viscous part onto the aluminum foil, making four separate little puddl He quickly dismantles a ballpoint pen, making a straw.  H hands it to Caroline.
36) 0) text: A standard room looking out at the water which is dotted  with sailboats and cruise ships.  The bed is covered with tech surveillance equipment. The equipment salesman, LONNIE, 40's, who makes a fetish gadgetry, explains the finer points of operation to FRANC "FRANKIE" FLORES, 30's, sallow, watery-eyed, in expensive clothes.
38) 5) dialog: It's time, Robert, to choke some  honesty out of these rural  legislators; get'em to fess up that  it's pretty much Prisons or Casinos  in terms of their choices for economic  growth.
41) 2) text: I'm sorry, Jonas.  I don't care if  that is the price you have gotten in  order countries. Helena watches her husband pace as he talks.  He can't he it, but a portion of this call is theatrical, for an  audience's benefit, which in this instance happens to be wife.  Helena's expression of annoyance resets itself int love.
43) 0) text: Javi and Manolo wait in Salazar's anteroom.  A ceiling fa swirls the air.  After a moment the door opens and an AID motions to them.  They stand.
60) 0) text: Javier stands guard outside a door, listening  to the  strangulated SCREAMS of Francisco.  He's sickened.
61) 0) text: Valet parkers in uniform work the driveway.  The party is ablaze and there are lights in the trees.  A Lester Lanin like band plays a STANDARD that drifts across the grounds
65) 0) text: A cold institutional lobby with hard plastic chairs and b lighting.  Government workers move behind thick glass win with tiny mesh screens cut into them for talking. Barbara Wakefield sits on one of the uncomfortable chairs She's alone and has been crying.  There's the sound of he locked doors OPENING and Caroline appears. Barbara stands and wraps Caroline in her arms.
73) 0) text: Robert is looking at Caroline and he's not happy.  Barbar is there, at a neutral distance from both of them.
80) 0) text: Robert Wakefield talks with an Assistant District Attorne DAN KELLY, 40's.
82) 0) text: Caroline sits on the toilet in her private bathroom.  She not going to the bathroom, it's a seat and she's wearing pajamas.  She's reading a magazine.  The exhaust fan is o There are pictures of her and her friends on the walls: g pictures from camp, from school, a collage she's made wit cutouts from magazine pictures and copy. On the sink next to her is a little square of well-charre aluminum foil; she's done many hits.  She leans over and  picks up a small piece of crack cocaine from a small pile her soap dish.  She drops it on a clean place on the foil She picks up a lighter and the tube of a ball point pen s turned into a straw. She heats the bottom of the foil.  The crack "crackles." She chases the smoke across the foil.  A huge hit.  She l her head back, her eyes roll back, she tries to focus on magazine, on anything, she stares up at the ceiling. She holds it as long as she can then blows it toward the  exhaust fan. Caroline looks at her watch.  It's 7:20.  She stands sudd unsteadily.  She looks at herself in the mirror. She's really high and indecisive.  She looks around wildl She sees the shower.  She turns it on.  She drops her paj She goes back to the foil and hits another piece of the r taking another really big hit.  She crushes the foil and  flushes it down the toilet.  She hops in the shower.
83) 0) text: Helena reads a book, Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert, a keeps an eye on David, who is playing on the monkey bars. ACROSS THE ROAD at a careful distance is the ubiquitous  telephone repair van.  On the roof a parabolic mike swive around.
87) 0) text: Javier and Manolo stand guard outside the front door of t dining hall.  Javi smokes a cigarette.
103) 0) text: Javi buys a cup of coffee.  He turns.  Two men, who will  come to be known as AGENT HUGHES and AGENT JOHNSON, are  standing close.  Agent Hughes speaks without looking at h
123) 0) text: Robert stands outside her closed bathroom door. There is nothing, then from the other side of the door, t faint sound of a lighter CLICKING.  AGAIN and AGAIN, then COUGH.
128) 0) text: Javi and Agents Johnson and Hughes stand in the middle of the shallow end of a large swimming pool.  KIDS in waterw splash nearby.
146) 0) text: Another witness, MRS. BERRY, 40's, pedantic on the stand
147) 0) text: SHEILA, 38, a mousy secretary, is on the stand.  Carlos s at the defendant's table listening raptly.  Gordon and Ca sit in the back watching Helena who pays close attention the witness --
151) 3) text: Yes... I understand. He hangs up.  He stands and reaches for his jacket.
157) 0) text: The cruiser pulls into a fenced and gated parking lot. Gordon, Castro and Ruiz, walking with a limp, cross to th building entrance. As they push inside, Francisco Flores, in a conservative  grey suit passes them going outside. The parking lot is empty of people.  The guards at the ga talk about something distracting. Francisco passes by the cruiser and drops his keys.  Knee down he extracts a small, powerful, magnetized bomb from jacket.  He attaches it to the underside of the vehicle,  stands and walks toward the guard gate.
160) 0) text: Across the street, Francisco, encrypted cell phone to his ear, watches from his own car as Gordon, Castro, and Ruiz stand by their car without getting in, then walk away fro the car.
163) 0) text: Francisco steps from the car and mingles in with OTHER PE walking along the sidewalk.  He follows them for few yard picking his moment. He closes the distance to Gordon, Castro and Ruiz, pullin pistol from inside his jacket.  He takes careful aim from twelve feet away and is about to shoot Ruiz when a bullet hole appears in his chest.  He staggers, trying to squeez the trigger, Francisco fires the gun once, wildly -- A tourist screams -- Gordon and Castro and Ruiz turn -- Francisco is looking down at the widening red splotch in center of his shirt, uncertain of what has happened -- Gordon shoves Ruiz down into a doorway and fires three qu shots -- Francisco spins around and drops on his face in the stree Citizens run in all directions fearing a psychopath with NRA card coming off a bad week of day-trading -- Gordon and Castro with Ruiz beneath them scan the streets
171) 0) text: We're in the desert.  There's nothing in any directions. Javi is implacable.  Manolo understands what is happening
172) 0) text: Javi and Manolo stand next to two freshly dug graves.
174) 0) text: An establishing shot of a hi-tech company within shooting distance of the Salk Institute.
176) 0) text: Barbara is waiting in the living room.  Robert enters.  H shakes his head then stands silently for a beat.
177) 0) text: Robert is standing in the middle of her room.  He's not s what he's looking for.  Everywhere he looks: her personal things, beloved objects from more innocent times, picture Within moments a legitimate desire to connect with his  daughter has escalated into a search for clues.  He opens her drawers, dumps little boxes, pulls things off of shel He becomes increasingly unhinged, flinging things around room.  He tosses a stack of magazines.  A fashion magazin airborne, discharges some contents: a lighter, a plastic  tube and a piece of folded aluminum foil fluttering to th ground. Robert stares at the foil on the carpet.  It's charred on the outside.  He picks it up.  And unfolds it.  There's a dried milky white substance. He picks up the tube and lighter and stares at them.  The somewhat tentatively, he puts the tube in his mouth.  He  holds the lighter under the foil, then heats the milky  substance which turns translucent and disappears in a clo of smoke.  Robert sucks all of it in. He waits a long time then exhales.  His eyes shut.  The t drops from his mouth.  He staggers and, overwhelmed by th sensations, sits on the bed.  The lighter and foil fall f his hands. A moment later he opens his eyes and doesn't seem to know where he is.  He looks at the room, confused.  He stumble to the door and shuts it firmly behind him.
182) 0) text: Spastic Jack is slowly dissolving in a bowl of solvent.   Only his shoulders, head, and ridiculous ears remain abov the quicksand of milky glop. Helena holds a mirror under the desk lamp.  She is drying the paste.  She puts the mirror on the desk.  A white  substance has coagulated there.
192) 0) text: Hundreds of DEA AGENTS, spouses, others stand around a gr in a leafy cemetery in working class San Diego.
194) 0) text: Arnie sits in his office, spacing out, admiring his view  when an ASSISTANT shows Helena in.  As soon as the door s
202) 0) text: Robert and Seth stand in the dim, dingy hallway.  A JUNKI leaves.
206) 0) text: Seth walks up the steps and into the building.  A beat la he reappears and continues down the street. Robert emerges from across the street and follows at a gu distance.
215) 17) text: You work for a drug dealer too, Monty. Ruiz stands and heads for the bathroom.
221) 0) text: Javi and Special Agent Hughes stand next to a giant mound seized cocaine, the same cocaine, in fact, Javi held brie at the beginning.  The same teenagers from the pickup tru have been arrested.  The news crews get everything.
227) 0) text: Carl stands at the window looking at his guests while he  talks on the phone --
229) 0) text: Carl hears MUFFLED GUNSHOTS over the phone.  He hangs up turns from the window.  Helena is standing there.
232) 0) text: The PRESS SECRETARY stands at the familiar podium address the White House Press Corps. Robert Wakefield stands to one side with Chief of Staff, lawyers, Sheridan and General Landry.