32) 0) text: Jewel and Forrest are in the stables with her three horse Clementine, Wiley and Dorothy Jean. Forrest is focusing o Dorothy Jean. She keeps nudging Forrest's hand. She likes attention.
55) 0) text: John Hunt sits in the back of a cab, watching a new city drift by. The envelope is in his hand. EXT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - DAY 105A, The cab pulls up to a tall blue house. John Hunt gets out He goes to the door and knocks. ‘A WOMAN answers. In her 30s. Her name is...
55) 3) dialog: No, go ahead. He presses the red button on a tape recorder. The wheels begin turning. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 62.
55) 5) dialog: He and my mom were only together for two years. I never met him, that I can recall. By the time I was born he was in prison. My brother says he remembers him a little bit but...I don’t know if he does or he just thinks he does. You hear a story and you see a picture and you put the two together and... (beat) She told us all sorts of stories about him and they never really added up, but we were kids so...if he was sailing the high seas one year and off to war the next it really didn’t make any difference. That was just dad. He was off doing stuff and someday he’d come back to see us. But then when I was fifteen, I guess he was gonna get paroled so she sat us down and told us the truth, just in case he ever came looking for us. Which he never did. So... She shrugs.
55) 7) dialog: Nope. I mean, he might not even know I exist, for all I know.
55) 9) dialog: Yep. Guess he is.
55) 11) dialog: That’s Robbie. You want to come say hi Robbie?
55) 13) dialog: So are you gonna catch him?
55) 15) dialog: If you do - I don’t want to see him or have to come in to pick him out of a lineup. Is that okay?
55) 17) dialog: I didn’t expect you to come all the way here or anything. I just saw the drawing in the paper and thought: well, that looks like my dad. And I think he should be locked up. Mama said, he’d always tell her, oh, I’m a changed-man. But then he’d always get out and go do it all over again. And again. And again. And even after all that - she loved him til the day she died. (beat) But he just looked the other way. You know? HOLD ON Dorothy's face. 106 INT. MARIN COUNTY DA’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 106 An ASSISTANT DA (STEPHEN BECKLEY, JR. ESQUIRE III) leads through an office, mostly closed for the afternoon. He's carrying a BIG CARDBOARD BOX.
76) 0) text: He enters the stables and walks up to one of the horses. Dorothy Jean. He strokes her nose, whispering to her. She tosses her he and neighs at him.