0) 0) text: High noon. A handsome, well-loved, well-used car is broken down on t side of the interstate, just outside of downtown Dallas. A woman named JEWEL, late 50s / early 60s, stands beside KICKING IT in frustration. She’s got a loose blouse on, a worn jeans, and about a billion bangles on her right wris She touches the hood, but it’s a little too hot. A second and she gets it open and is met with a cloud of white ste She looks around, somewhat helplessly. There aren’t that cars on the road. Those that are out zoom pass without seeming to notice her. But one car passes and SWERVES over to the shoulder about fifty feet in front of her. It’s an old CHEVY CUTLASS. The door opens, and a man gets out. His name is FORREST TUCKER. He’s wearing a BLUE SUIT and he gets out of the car he puts a matching hat atop his he He looks quite striking and dapper, there on the side of road. He walks towards her. She watches him, a bit suspicious a first. When he’s close enough, he shouts...
0) 1) dialog: Need some help?
0) 3) dialog: Lemme take a look... She gives him an ‘all yours’ gesture. He walks up to the engine and peers in, waving away the vapors.
0) 8) dialog: Could be.
0) 10) dialog: Wouldn't be surprised.
0) 12) dialog: Eh, not really. Another belch of steam as we cut to... INT./EXT. FORREST’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER They’re driving now, in Forrest’s car. Jewel sits in the passenger seat. Forrest keeps stealing glances at her.
0) 13) dialog: Where were you headed?
0) 15) dialog: Just driving.
0) 17) dialog: That was a nice truck.
0) 19) dialog: Yep.
0) 21) dialog: Did you? She lets him hang a beat before...
0) 23) dialog: Ah. (beat) Where’s he at?
0) 25) dialog: Gotcha. Another long beat. An unexpectedly comfortable silence.
0) 26) dialog: Can I ask your name?
0) 28) dialog: Your name’s Jewel?
0) 30) dialog: That's really your name? Jewel?
0) 32) dialog: No, I believe you. It just suits you is all. Blue Rev. (3/10/17) 4.
0) 34) dialog: (laughing) My name’s Bob. Bob Callahan.
0) 36) dialog: Home. I’ve been on the road for a while.
0) 38) dialog: I’m in sales.
0) 40) dialog: Oh, this and that. What’re you looking for? He shoots her a killer grin that stops the line of questioning dead. She notices that he’s wearing HEARING AIDES.
1) 0) text: THROUGH THE PLATE GLASS WINDOW OF A SERVICE STATION: Forr pulls right up to the front door. He and Jewel walk insid and Forrest rings a bell at the counter. He rings it a bu of times. A guy in a mechanic’s coveralls, hands covered in grease calls from the back.
1) 2) dialog: This young lady needs a tow truck. Blue Rev. (3/10/17) 5. He keeps RINGING THAT BELL, repeatedly, playfully, like a little kid annoying their parent. Jewel can’t help but bl CAMERA ZOOMS IN on her face as that bell goes DING DING D
2) 1) dialog: You like horses.
2) 4) dialog: So - you're a cowgirl and you like to steal cars. What else am I missing? She laughs.
2) 6) dialog: Three horses.
2) 8) dialog: What are their names?
2) 10) dialog: Yeah.
2) 12) dialog: Dorothy Jean. Dorothy Jean sounds like my kinda gal.
2) 14) dialog: Me? No. I never have. It’s on my list.
2) 16) dialog: The list of things I wanna do.
2) 18) dialog: How come? Beat. She shrugs off that question. The waitress comes wi the check.
2) 20) dialog: No...
2) 24) dialog: Don’t worry about it.
2) 27) dialog: Thank you. Forrest watches as she peels a few single bills from a th clip of them in her purse. She lays them on the check. A beat passes, just long enough for Jewel to have to reac slightly to find her way back into the conversation.
2) 29) dialog: ..-Yeah.
2) 32) dialog: Definitely not.
2) 34) dialog: Can I be honest with you? I don’t know the first thing about sales.
2) 36) dialog: I made that up.
2) 38) dialog: It’s a secret.
2) 40) dialog: Yes.
2) 42) dialog: Because if I told you, you might not want to see me again.
2) 44) dialog: Would you? She hesitates for a moment - sizing Forrest up once more - and then grabs the bill the waitress left, tears off a piece of it, takes a pen out from her purse and writes something down. A PHONE NUMBER. She slides it back to him His eyes dart from the paper to her and then back again. Then he tears off a larger piece of paper off the same bi He reaches across the table and takes her pen, and then quickly, deliberately writes something down on that piece paper. We don’t see what he writes. He slides it across the table to her. She takes it, looks at it, puts on her reading glasses an then bursts out laughing. She looks back to him.
2) 47) dialog: No.
2) 49) dialog: I'm serious.
2) 51) dialog: ‘Cause I trust you. Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 9.
2) 53) dialog: Sometimes you just know.
2) 55) dialog: Well, you're still sitting here.
2) 58) dialog: What would be worse? If I was lying about this, or telling the truth? Long beat, and then...
2) 60) dialog: You want me to prove it?
2) 62) dialog: What‘1l you do if I can?
2) 64) dialog: Here.
2) 66) dialog: Right now.
2) 68) dialog: I’m not gonna do that.
2) 70) dialog: Not because I can’t. It just isn’t my style.
2) 72) dialog: No.
2) 74) dialog: Yes.
2) 76) dialog: Well, first of all - this place. This place isn’t my style. But say this were a bank. You've got that counter up there, the girl behind it. You find a good spot, like the one we've got here, and you wait. You wait and you watch and you get into the swing of things and when the time feels right - maybe it’s a couple hours, maybe it’s a couple days but when it feels right you make your move. You stroll right in. Easiest thing in the world. There’s the girl. You walk right up and look her in the eye and say ma’am, this is a robbery. I’ve got a gun. You show it, like this. You say: take a bag and fill it up. I’m keeping my eye on you. Don’t try anything funny. I like you. I like you a whole lot. I might just be falling for you. Don’t go breaking my heart now. (beat) And she'd fill up a bag with money, and she'd give it to me, and you’d go out the way you came in and she'd... Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 1. He looks at Jewel.
2) 77) dialog: Well, you tell me what she'd do. HOLD ON Jewel, who doesn’t realize she was holding her breath.
3) 0) text: Forrest Tucker awakens. He’s laying on a bunk, alone in a prison cell. It is
4) 0) text: Forrest walks down the hall, down the long corridor of ce Following all the other prisoners. The usual morning routine.
5) 0) text: Forrest drinks his coffee. Another prisoner sits down * opposite him.: TEDDY GREEN, tall, lanky, with silver hair receding on his head. *
5) 2) dialog: Good as ever. *
6) 0) text: San Quentin: a square fortress of a prison, positioned on very edge of the San Francisco Bay. Almost 100 years old Like a crumbling castle, on the verge of collapsing right into the icy waters of the Pacific. Forrest crosses the prison yard from one of the wings to PRISON WORKSHOP. He's walking with other prisoners, escor by a guard. He walks with a slight shuffle, his head hung little low.
7) 0) text: Forrest stands at a heavy duty POWER DRILL in the prison - his place in the assembly line that’s putting together cheap furniture for institutional use. Raw lumber goes in end, chairs and tables come out the other. WALLER is working on another machine. TEDDY on yet anothe A PRISON TRUSTEE named JIM supervises the shop from the comfort of a recliner. He’s petting one of the many CATS run amongst the piles of lumber. A WHISTLE BLOWS. Forrest looks up again, glancing through sawdust at the clock hanging over the shop door. 12 PM. The other prisoners shut off their power tools, put down their hammers and saws. TRUSTEE JIM struggles to raise himself from his armchair. The cat in his lap isn’t keen getting up.
8) 0) text: Forrest walks through the prison yard, pushing a large RUBBISH BIN full of who knows what. He passes a guard who walking towards the mess hall. Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 12a.
8) 2) dialog: I know. Jim just told us to throw this shit out.
8) 5) dialog: Doesn't have to float. Just has to not sink. 1 INT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS 1. Warehouse scene. One shot. Magic.
9) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES PAST the water...up to the words RUB-A-DUB- DUB.... Then up to Waller and Teddy, both of whom are rowing with makeshift oars... .+.and finally finding FORREST, pulling the sail open and grinning like a free man as the wind whips through his ha
15) 0) text: FORREST, TEDDY and WALLER sit in that chevy. Waller is in front seat of that car, alongside Teddy. Forrest is in th back seat. Forrest applies a layer of CLEAR NAIL POLISH to his fingertips. He’s got a new fake mustache on. Waller is wearing one too. He's whispering a little prayer to himse and makes the sign of the cross. Forrest looks at his watch.
16) 9) dialog: Excuse me, sir. I’m looking for the manager...
16) 11) dialog: I wanted to ask about a business loan.
16) 13) dialog: This kind. He flashes his GUN. Just enough for the manager to see it
17) 0) text: They step into the manager's office, which has a big wind looking out into the rest of the bank. Forrest takes the liberty of closing the door behind them.
17) 1) dialog: Go ahead, sit down. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 24a. Mr. Owens does so, and then takes a seat behind his desk. Forrest sits down opposite him, setting his briefcase dow the desk. FORREST (CONT’D) How're you feeling today?
17) 3) dialog: Well, day’s still young. Mr. Owens sighs and nods.
18) 0) text: Through the glass doors of the office, Forrest and Mr. Ow can be seen chatting. At one point, Forrest nods in the direction of the bank lobby, and Mr. Owens looks nervousl that direction. Meanwhile, John Hunt and Tyler are still in line for the teller. He checks his watch.
19) 0) text: Mr. Owens leaves the office. Forrest follows him, and loi outside his door. Mr. Owens heads behind the counter. Waller watches, where Mr. Owens is filling the briefcase. ECU: Mr. Owens presses a SILENT ALARM BUTTON under the counter. Almost as if in response, Forrest TOUCHES his hearing aid He looks out the window, and then back at the counter... .++as Mr. Owens reappears, the briefcase hanging heavy fr his hand. ECU: the briefcase changes hands. 41 42 43 Yellow Rev. (4/4/17) 26.
19) 1) dialog: Thank you kindly. INT./EXT. JOHN HUNT’S POLICE CAR - CONTINUOUS 41 As Abilene kicks back, nodding her head to the pop tune that’s still playing, she notices the bank door opening i the rearview mirror. Is it her dad? No sir. Just two old men, leaving the bank and heading to car across the street...
21) 0) text: Back in the car, which is now in motion, as Teddy PEELS A from the bank. The rain still coming down hard. Forrest glances at the rearview mirror, making sure they’re not b tailed. Then he reaches up to his lip with his free hand PEELS THE MUSTACHE from his face.
21) 2) dialog: Nah, we got plenty of time. He can hear SIRENS in the distance. 44 45 46 47 Blue Rev. (3/10/17) 27.
24) 0) text: The hot car pulls into a half-full parking lot on the edg town. Each of the three men quickly climbs out. Waller th the keys in the gutter. They all walk to their own cars. Forrest throws the suitcase in the trunk, and then casual climbs into the front seat, starts the engine. His car BACKFIRES as he departs.
26) 0) text: .+.who at this very moment is speeding down the highway, headed who knows where, high as a kite on the adrenaline that’s pumping through his veins. A grin on his face, win his hair. He ROLLS DOWN the dirty mud spattered window and lets the fresh air rush against his face. EXT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 49
26) 1) text: Forrest pulls into the driveway of HIS HOUSE - a modest little rental in East Dallas, across the street from a cemetery. INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 50 Teddy is dividing the loot. Waller is in the kitchen maki pancakes.
26) 18) dialog: What's this got to do with you eloping?
26) 20) dialog: What is it?
26) 24) dialog: What are we gonna do with gold?
26) 40) text: Forrest follows the guys to the door. Teddy bids Forrest farewell, and heads down to his car. Waller stops short of leaving.
26) 42) dialog: No.
26) 44) dialog: Nope.
26) 49) dialog: Why?
27) 1) text: Forrest sits in that same little restaurant. Having anoth slice of pie and drawing in his notebook. The door chimes again. Someone enters. We don’t see who. Neither does Forrest, until she’s standing right in front his booth.
27) 3) dialog: I didn’t think you’d pick up. So we're even. She sits down.
27) 4) dialog: How's your truck?
27) 6) dialog: Oh yeah.
27) 8) dialog: A whole lot. Top five salesman in the region, right here.
27) 10) dialog: Yeah.
27) 12) dialog: Probably a good idea. She looks more closely at him.
27) 14) dialog: What?
27) 16) dialog: I can’t hear you. She laughs, catching on to the joke. The sound of POLICE RADIO kicks in, overtaking the audio he slides her his notebook, showing the picture he was drawing. It’s a drawing of a HORSE. The sound of the radio CONTINUES OVER...
31) 20) dialog: I thought I took a wrong turn. 65 66 Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 40.
31) 24) dialog: You make soap?
32) 0) text: Jewel and Forrest are in the stables with her three horse Clementine, Wiley and Dorothy Jean. Forrest is focusing o Dorothy Jean. She keeps nudging Forrest's hand. She likes attention.
32) 2) dialog: This all belongs to you, huh? 67 Pink Rev. (3/24/17)
32) 6) dialog: No. I was once. But we were real young.
32) 8) dialog: I hope not. EXT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY Forrest and Jewel are siting on the front porch. Drinking whiskey and watching the wind blow through the trees. Ind sits at Jewel’s feet.
32) 9) dialog: Do you miss him?
32) 13) dialog: You know what I do when those doors close?
32) 15) dialog: I climb out the window. She laughs. FORREST (CONT’D) And if I ever get worried and where I'm going, I think of myself as a little boy. This tall. I think: would he be proud of me? And if the answer is no, well - then, well, I better walk on through. But if the answer is yes - that’s when you're exactly where you're supposed to be.
32) 17) dialog: He’s getting closer every day. 42. 68 69 70 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 43. She laughs.
33) 0) text: Forrest sits at a bar next to Waller, who is regaling him with a TALL TALE of ill-doings.
33) 7) dialog: Tell me something.
33) 9) dialog: Tell me more about St. Louis. Waller chuckles and downs his shot.
33) 13) text: 7 72 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 44. INT. FORREST’S CAR / HIGHWAY - DAWN 1 Now Forrest is asleep in his car. Blanket pulled up over shoulders, hat pulled over the brim of his eyes. An EIGHTEEN WHEELER roars by out his window. He sits up. Pulls out a watch. The source of that ticking. Looks at i It's cold an quiet and lonely, but somehow cozy at the sa time. He climbs into the front seat. Starts the engine. Steps o the gas. The engine BACKFIRES.
34) 0) text: The sun has come up now. Forrest sits in a booth at some downtown breakfast joint. A waitress named MARLA with a r of-sunshine face fills his cup of coffee.
34) 2) dialog: Little bit of both. She winks at him. Forrest holds the coffee, letting it warm his hands. The door chimes. Teddy and Waller enter. They sit down opposite Forrest.
34) 4) dialog: How was the drive?
35) 0) text: LONG LENS ON: Forrest stands, alone, cut out against the He’s on a rooftop, looking down at the street below. LONG ZOOM OUT, until Forrest is just a tiny dot on the horizontal edge of a rooftop, backed up against the morni sky.
36) 0) text: Now we’re with Forrest, and we see what he’s looking at. a BANK. A big one, big downtown branch in an old stone * building that looks like it could withstand an army. Teddy is up there. So is Waller. *
36) 1) dialog: It's big. *
37) 0) text: Forrest and Teddy are casing the bank on the inside now. Waller is there too. It’s big and imposing, with high ceilings and marble columns. Footsteps echo everywhere. I feels more like Grand Central Station than a bank. * Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 45a. Forrest stands at the deposit slip island, pretending to out a slip, writing notes instead. His gaze passes to Teddy... 16 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 46. .+.then to Waller...and then to the SECURITY CAMERAS. Then he walks up to the counter, quietly COUNTING HIS STE as he goes. One...two...three..four
37) 3) dialog: Can I cash this check here?
37) 5) dialog: Yes ma’am. Thank you. She turns to her register. To his left, Forrest can see the VAULT... ...just as the BRINKS GUARDS walk out. He pays close attention to them. To their uniforms, to the way they wal to the path they take, to the HAND TRUCK laden with black bags of cash and the way they nod to the SECURITY GUARD o site as they PASS THROUGH... Then, as he follows them, his gaze falls upon a YOUNG COU talking to a bank employee in a little cubicle. It looks they’re buying a house. He can’t help but look at them. He watches them for a lon time. CAMERA ZOOMS IN. Before too long we can hear their conversation. They’re talking about THEIR FUTURE.
37) 7) text: They circle the bank in Forrest’s car.
37) 8) dialog: What do you think?
38) 0) text: The three guys sit back in the motel room, drinking beers looking over Forrest's handdrawn map of the bank and down and BLUEPRINTS of the bank itself. The TV is on in the corner. There’s some old movie playing, some late-night Western.
38) 6) dialog: Probably. He gets up.
38) 8) dialog: Difference between now and then is now - now I know what I’m doing.
38) 10) dialog: Maybe we'll lay low after this.
38) 13) dialog: I'll think about it. He steps out of the room.
39) 0) text: He shuts the door behind him and walks down the second st walkway to his own room. It’s all the way down on the oth side of the building, making for a long, leisurely walk. Down in the parking lot he sees man and woman arguing nea truck. They look like they just came from a heavy metal s He unlocks the door to his room. INT. FORREST’S SHITTY MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 79 He enters the room. He switches on the TV. That same movi on. He switches through channels until he lands on the NE Weather report. He takes off his jacket and hangs it in the closet. Something on the NEWS catches his attention. Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 4ea.
40) 2) dialog: Yep. I thought about it.
43) 0) text: Teddy, Waller and Forrest are all crammed in the bathroom Teddy's shirt is hiked up above his waist. There’s a BLOO HOLE in his side, which Waller is in the process of stitc up. Forrest is holding a little bottle of whiskey over th wound.
43) 1) dialog: Ready? Ready? Forrest pours alcohol over the wound and then Waller pres gauze to improvised sutures. Teddy breathes through the pain.
45) 1) text: Forrest Tucker’s CUTLASS cuts across a long beautiful str of country road. INT. FORREST’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 88 Forrest listens to the NEWS on the radio as he drives.
45) 4) dialog: How you holding up?
45) 6) dialog: We did do it. CAMERA TRACKS INTO THE TRUNK, where a HUGE DUFFLE BAG sit alongside Forrest's classic briefcase... INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 89
45) 7) text: Forrest, Waller and Forrest sit in Forrest’s house. They' looking at the contents of that bag. A warm glow reflects their faces. 90 91 92 93 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 54.
45) 10) dialog: That’s that. INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 90 Waller helps Teddy to his car. Teddy looks back to Forres one last time before he shuts the door.
45) 11) dialog: Teddy... Teddy looks up.
45) 12) dialog: I’m sorry.
46) 0) text: A beautiful day in the country. Green hills, gentle wind. Forest stands at a fence on the edge of Jewel's property, wind rustling his hair as he leans against the slats, loo out to the land. 94 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 54a. Jewel is riding out and back again. A silhouette on the horizon, coming into focus. She’s a natural rider, knows she's doing. Finally she returns to the fence, sidling up to Forrest a looking down at him from above. Her cheeks are flushed an she’s smiling broadly. In her element.
46) 2) dialog: Maybe later.
46) 4) dialog: oh, still is. She laughs, and heads out again. Hooves thundering, then diminishing. He watches her go. Admiring her. A little bi enchanted. INT. DINING ROOM - JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY 94 Jewel is outside the house, taking her muddy boots off - Forrest can see her through the windows. He steals a peek at her open mail on the kitchen table. He sees a bill from the bank. He can’t make heads or tail it - has never seen a mortgage payment in his life - but takes note of the bank name: TEXAS LOAN & COMMERCE. And below that stack of mail he sees the morning’s NEWSPA with the headline: COPS CLOSE IN ON OVER-THE-HILL GANG. He picks it up to get a closer look. There’s a picture of John Hunt there, posing with Lt. Kel and other detectives. Jewel returns. Forrest fold the paper over and sets it do
46) 6) dialog: Just catching up on the news. He’s not sure if she’s seen that article or not. 95 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 54B.
46) 8) dialog: Still turning. She doesn’t mention the article. He doesn’t mention it an further, but he does look down and see John Hunt’s pictur one more time...
48) 1) text: Forrest walks towards a bank. Striding right up to it, ey the prize. The usual routine it seems.
49) 0) text: Forrest enters the bank. He looks around. He finds the manager (MRS. PHILIPS). Still his usual rout
49) 1) dialog: Excuse me. Are you the manager?
50) 0) text: Now they sit in a cubicle on the office floor. Turns out not the same routine after all. Forrest actually seems nervous. He keeps shifting in his seat.
50) 2) dialog: I just want to pay for it all up front.
50) 4) dialog: No, I want to do it like a surprise.
50) 6) dialog: I just want to give you some money and she’d never know.
50) 8) dialog: No, no. I don’t want to do that. I just want to pay for it all. I don’t want to trouble her with it or for her to know or...
50) 10) dialog: What if I have the money here right now?
50) 12) dialog: Yes.
50) 14) dialog: No. But what if I did?
50) 16) dialog: Okay.
50) 18) dialog: But I can’t do it right now.
50) 21) dialog: Okay. Thank you. He gets up. As he leaves, the bank continues with its day day activities. We HOLD ON IT for an unreasonable amount time.
51) 0) text: Forrest walks back out of the bank. First time in his lif he’s just walked out of a bank with nothing.
52) 7) dialog: Here, step over here, let me see it in the light... Jewel takes two steps away from the counter
52) 8) text: Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 54F. ...at which point Forrest takes her hand and PULLS HER AW They BEGIN TO WALK. And they keep walking. Around the corner, casually, Forre setting the pace. Arm in arm. OUT OF the store... They make it the exit of the department store... .+.into the rest of the mall. It’s busy. The other shoppe pay them no mind. By this point, Jewel no longer looks aghast. She’s gone f shocked to paranoid to excited... .+.to happy. She laughs. Giggling to herself, biting her tongue, and then laughing again in spite of herself. She skips forward suddenly, taking the lead, pumping full adrenaline. But then she STOPS. She looks at all the people passing. Forrest stops with her. She looks at him, and then wordle turns back towards the jewelry store. The two of them walk back the way they came. Jewel’s pace more decisive, less anxious. She glances up at Forrest an meets her gaze. He's got a pretty good idea what she’s thinking. They make it all the way back to the counter at the store Jewel gets the attention of the sales clerk as she unfast the bracelet.
52) 12) dialog: How much? Jewel beams. Yellow Rev. (4/4/17)
52) 13) text: coe Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 58. 100 INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 100 Forrest just entering the house when the TELEPHONE rings.
52) 14) dialog: Hello? Waller’s voice comes through on the other end.
52) 16) dialog: Hello? Waller’s voice comes through on the other end.
52) 18) dialog: You can’t call here.
52) 20) dialog: Where are you?
52) 22) dialog: How is it?
52) 24) dialog: No.
52) 26) dialog: Should I have?
52) 28) dialog: No.
52) 30) dialog: Okay. 59. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 60.
52) 32) dialog: Enjoy the sunshine.
55) 19) text: 107 INT. MARIN COUNTY DA’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 107 That cardboard box SLAMS DOWN on a desk. A label on top o reads TUCKER, FORREST.
57) 0) text: Forrest is driving, looking happy as can be. He looks into the rearview mirror and sees... POLICE CARS. An entire PHALANX of them, probably ten or twenty. Their lights flashing through the dust on the roa They look a little like UFOs. He wipes the sweat off his brow and squints against the h sunlight, and then he LAUGHS. EXT. HIGHWAY / FIELDS - FLASHBACK CONTINUOUS ill He veers off the highway, onto a little DIRT FARM ROAD cutting through a field. The car bumps wildly. It hits a ditch and in the tremendous JOLT, the TRUNK FLIES OPEN. Cold hard cash flies from out of the trunk. It flutters i the air like confetti - a cloud of green exhaust. Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 65A.
58) 0) text: Forrest looks at this in dismay - that’s a mighty stash l to the wind back there. But he keeps going.. 113 114 115 116 117 Blue Rev. (3/10/17) 66.
59) 0) text: Forrest also turns, off the dirt road and back onto pavem on the opposite side of the field. He steps on the gas...
62) 0) text: It’s the end of the line for old Forrest. Which is exactl what the SHERIFF shouts into a megaphone from 50 feet awa
63) 0) text: Every cop instantly pulls their gun. The sound of a thous guns being pulled. A million kerchacks. Forrest grins.
64) 8) dialog: Hmmm?
64) 10) dialog: You wanna get out of here?
64) 12) dialog: No, I mean, like really get out of here. Take a trip somewhere.
64) 14) dialog: Yeah. Jewel isn’t sure how to take this.
64) 16) dialog: But say that’s not a problem. Would you want to?
64) 18) dialog: Okay. And don’t worry - we can get out of here too. A short while later, John and Maureen are drinking milksh like two teenagers out on a first date at a soda counter.
65) 2) dialog: Hey, didn’t I see you on TV? John Hunt turns and looks to his right and sees... .+.FORREST TUCKER, standing there in front of him. Dresse one of his flawless suits. Cool as a cucumber. Yellow Rev. (4/4/17) 70. John Hunt looks like he’s seen a ghost. He recognizes Forrest... ...but Forrest doesn’t realize this.
65) 4) dialog: I thought so. With the - what do you call them - the gang, the Over The Hill Gang.
65) 6) dialog: You catch ‘em?
65) 8) dialog: You close?
65) 10) dialog: Can I help you with that? It takes John a moment to realize that Forrest is talking about his tie. Forrest has a twinkle in his eye as he reaches out, grabs tie and makes quick work of it, undoing the bad knot alre in place and quickly reworking it, completely unaware tha John Hunt knows exactly who he is.
65) 11) dialog: Learned how to do this in Catholic school. Forrest tightens the knot.
65) 12) dialog: There you go. Looking sharp. You got a gal with you?
65) 16) dialog: In my experience, looking sharp’1l get you a long way. You'll look like you know exactly what you're doing. Even when you don’t. He pats John on the shoulder and heads into the men’s roo Just before the door shuts...
66) 1) text: John Hunt walks out of the vestibule just in time to see front door closing, with its little bell chime. Forrest a Jewel are nowhere to be seen. He sits down at the counter for a second. Puts his head i his hand and scrunches up his face like he has brainfreez
67) 0) text: INTO the vestibule, where he OPENS the Men’s Room Door, only to find... It’s empty. Forrest has flown the coop. John looks to his left. Past the women’s room to... THE BACK EXIT. He hurries out, pushing the door open and stepping into..
68) 0) text: He stands there in the back, under the solitary street li He’s completely alone. No sign of Forrest anywhere. INT. / EXT. FORREST’S CAR - NIGHT 122 Forest and Jewel are driving now. Silently. 123 124 125 126 127 Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 7. Jewel is watching Forrest. Wondering. He glances her way catches her. She doesn’t look down. Then he steps on the gas. His car shoots exuberantly down North Texas highway.
69) 0) text: Forrest fills up the gas tank. He goes to the little convenience store to pay. While she waits, Jewel glances at the glove compartment. She opens it and sees the GUN in there She stares at it. Her face tightens a bit. She shuts the glove compartment again before he returns. EXT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - NIGHT 124
69) 1) text: Forrest pulls up outside Jewel's house. Any conversation or farewells or plans for future dates h already transpired. No more words necessary. She gets out of the car and slowly walks up to the front door. She stops here and there en route, turning around, looking back at Forrest, just to see if he really is stay where he is. Eventually, she makes it to her front door. She unlocks i goes inside and slowly, gently closes it, keeping an eye Forrest the whole time INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 125 Jewel shuts and locks the door. She leans against it for moment, thinking about what’s just transpired. INT. FORREST’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 126 Forrest is maybe having a similar thought. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 127 Jewel waits a moment more. She can hear his engine idling outside. She opens the door again... Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 71a. ...to find Forrest striding towards her. 128 129 130 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 72. He walks right up to her and they kiss. The light from th house and the barn across the drive casts them in silhuce A romantic moment, cloaked in mystery. Still, no words are exchanged. He pulls away. His face comes into the light. He’s confid assured. She is not. But if he recognizes this, he doesn’t acknowl it. Instead, ever the gentleman, he tips his hat and stri away. The engine starts up, the car pulls away. Red tailights o her face. The door shuts for good. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 128 Jewel walks deeper into the house. She goes to the stove and picks up the tea kettle. She goes to the sink and puts it under the faucet and tur it on. She’s so lost in thought that she doesn’t even notice tha the water is OVERFLOWING. She sets it down on the burner and then walks over to her table. She sits down there and looks out the window. INT. FORREST’S CAR - NIGHT 129 Forrest drives home. He rolls down the window. Letting the breeze ripple throu his hair once more. EXT. FORREST’S HOUSE - NIGHT 130 Forrest pulls up to his house. As he’s getting out of the car, he looks up at the house. Something is not right. TEDDY is sitting on the front porch. He stands as Forrest notices him. Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 72n. Forrest is confused. He smiles a little bit and is about open his mouth to say something. And then a LIGHT TURNS ON BEHIND HIM.
70) 0) text: A block away. GUNFIRE ERUPTS in the distance. Then the sound of a SCREECHING CAR. A moment later and Forrest's car, perforated with bullet holes on one side, ZOOMS PAST US. INT. FORREST’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 132 Forrest drives as fast as he can. Swerving around corners can hear sirens behind him. Somehow he manages to evade t He looks down. There’s BLOOD coming from somewhere. He’s hit in the arm. His front windshield is splintered from the gunfire. He c see. The view out the window is a kaleidoscope of light a shadow. EXT. FORREST’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 133
70) 1) text: He pulls onto a busy road and quickly swerves over to the shoulder. He doesn’t waste a beat. He grabs his GUN from the glove compartment and gets out of the car. 134 135 Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 74. EXT. FORREST’S CAR / BUSY STREET - CONTINUOUS 134 He steps into oncoming traffic and waves down the first c he sees. The headlights flood around him. It’s a shitty old HONDA. A woman (SANDY) is behind the wh and her 8-year old son buckled into the backseat. She see the blood on him.
70) 3) dialog: I need a ride, please, ma’am. I need to get to a hospital. He opens the door and shuts the passenger seat and pulls door shut.
71) 0) text: As they speed off down the road, Sandy notices the sirens ringing all around her. She looks to Forrest, who's crouching down extremely low her seat. Too low for anyone else to see. She begins to realize exactly what’s going on. Her eyes fill with tears.
71) 2) dialog: Okay. Pull over here.
73) 0) text: The Honda is parked somewhere now. Somewhere like a parki lot, on the side of a building. Forrest takes his tie and wraps his arm with it, pulling tight. Wincing as he does so.
74) 1) text: Forrest drives. The sound of Jackson C. Frank’s Blues Run The Game come o
78) 0) text: Forrest lies in a hospital bed, in a room watched by a po officer. He looks rough. All bandaged up, with a tube in his nose. Some machine beeping away in the background. He’s just conscious enough to see John Hunt enter. There’s no need for words. It’s pretty clear Forrest isn’ any shape to hold a conversation anyway. Instead, John Hunt opens his wallet, pulls out a 100 DOLL BILL and sets it on Forrest’s bedside table. CAMERA PUSHES IN on the bill.
79) 0) text: Now Jewel sits in a prison meeting area. A little table, in equal parts by fluorescents and sunlight. Brick walls, candy machine. Forrest sits opposite her. Looking old and disheveled. Slumped in a wheelchair. His prison garb hangs loosely fr his body. He appears very small.
79) 3) dialog: I figured you knew. Yellow Rev. (4/4/17) 79.
79) 5) dialog: What'd you say?
79) 7) dialog: I’m sorry.
79) 10) dialog: I wrote this up for you. She takes it and unfolds it. It’s a list.
79) 12) dialog: These are all the times I’ve broken out before. Jewel puts on her glasses and begins to read this catalog great escapes. Each one is numbered, with a year and a location. An impressive record of a life spent absconding Jewel puts on her glasses and begins to read... Yellow Rev. (4/4/17) 79A. Eventually, she reaches the end of the list, but there’s more page. She turns it. There’s a number 17. And it’s space is blank.
79) 15) dialog: I’m saving the best for last. He winks. She sets the list down.
81) 0) text: Forrest steps out the front gate of the prison. Officiall and, for the first time in his life, legitimately - a fre man. He walks forward. He’s got a cane now to help support himself. He squints. Not used to the light, or the wide-open world Then he finds something to focus on. JEWEL stands there waiting for him. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 80a. 148 INT. JEWEL’S CAR - DAY 148 Jewel drives. Forrest sits beside her, looking at the wor go by. 149 150 151 Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 81. EXT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY 149 They pull up to Jewel’s house. Forrest gets out.
81) 1) dialog: This the same place?
81) 3) dialog: It looks different. Jewel’s dog trots out to them. The same dog, older, unabl run the way he used to. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY 150 He enters the house. They're taking things slowly. He set his suitcase down. He sees a big framed photo of Jewel's horses on the wall.
81) 4) dialog: What about those guys?
81) 8) dialog: Thank you.
81) 12) dialog: I'm glad you picked up. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY 151A Forrest stands on the staircase. The wall that was comple stripped last time he was here has been re-wallpapered... .++all except for one square, where the HOMEBUILDER’S NAM still exposed. A few scratches of pencil, 100 years old. Proof of a job well done. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY 152 Forrest tries to pick out a melody on the piano. Indy lay next to him, trying to rest with eyes open in that way ol dogs do.
82) 0) text: Forrest sits at a desk by a window. Outside BIRDS ARE CHIRPING and FLOWERS are blooming. He puts some paper int TYPEWRITER, rolls it forward. He types a few sentences. This is the story of the greatest bank robber in... He stops and looks out the window. It’s now SNOWING. He looks at his hands as they hover over the keyboard. Th ‘TREMBLE.
83) 0) text: ECU: Forrest’s hand, STILL TREMBLING. Doctor GERRY BISCHO MD takes his hands and gently applies pressure to each finger, each joint.
83) 2) dialog: No.
83) 4) dialog: I don’t think so. It’s just...
84) 0) text: Forrest and Jewel sit together in a MOVIE THEATER. Beam o light shooting over their heads. Forrest sinks into his chair a little bit, the screen twinkling in his eyes. For a moment he’s a LITTLE KID again, watching GANGSTER MOVIES in the theater. Watching Jimmy Cagney drive a fanc car, seeing Laurence Tierney pack two pistols.
85) 1) text: Forrest and Jewel leave the movie theater. They’ve only walked a little ways down the street when Forrest spots an ARMORED TRUCK pulling away from a nearby bank.
86) 0) text: Forrest sits down on the bed with a PHONE BOOK. He licks thumb and begins to page through it. Then he picks up the telephone and dials a number. INT. JOHN HUNT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 158 Maureen answers the telephone as a TEENAGED TYLER rummage through the kitchen in the background.
86) 2) dialog: Hello...is John Hunt in?
86) 4) dialog: 
87) 1) dialog: I'll try him at the office. Thank * you. *
88) 0) text: Forrest and Jewel take an early evening walk down the str Autumn is setting in, and a wind blows the leaves about t 161 162 Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 84. They WALK for a while, to the end of the block, a long do shot, and then Forrest STOPS for a moment, staring out ah of them like he sees something headed his way. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - DAY 161 Jewel is asleep. Taking a nap. Forrest's hand touches her
88) 1) dialog: Jewel. Wake up. She stirs, and awakens to see him kneeling beside her.
88) 2) dialog: I’m gonna go out for a bit . You need anything? She smiles sleepily.
88) 4) dialog: Not long. INT. JOHN HUNT’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 162 We find JOHN HUNT now. A little bit older. A little bit grayer. He sits in a gla walled office high above the city. His PHONE RINGS.
88) 6) dialog: Hey John.
88) 9) dialog: I’m out all right.
88) 11) dialog: I thought I was, but... His voice trails out.
88) 14) dialog: I'm about to be. With that, he HANGS UP THE PHONE.
89) 2) text: Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 86. And then, at the last second, the door opens, Forrest Tuc runs out and...