5) 0) text: Forrest drinks his coffee. Another prisoner sits down * opposite him.: TEDDY GREEN, tall, lanky, with silver hair receding on his head. *
5) 1) dialog: How you feeling today? *
5) 3) dialog: Got something for you. * He slides a little origami boat across the table. * 10 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 12.
7) 0) text: Forrest stands at a heavy duty POWER DRILL in the prison - his place in the assembly line that’s putting together cheap furniture for institutional use. Raw lumber goes in end, chairs and tables come out the other. WALLER is working on another machine. TEDDY on yet anothe A PRISON TRUSTEE named JIM supervises the shop from the comfort of a recliner. He’s petting one of the many CATS run amongst the piles of lumber. A WHISTLE BLOWS. Forrest looks up again, glancing through sawdust at the clock hanging over the shop door. 12 PM. The other prisoners shut off their power tools, put down their hammers and saws. TRUSTEE JIM struggles to raise himself from his armchair. The cat in his lap isn’t keen getting up.
8) 4) dialog: You think this thing’ll float?
9) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES PAST the water...up to the words RUB-A-DUB- DUB.... Then up to Waller and Teddy, both of whom are rowing with makeshift oars... .+.and finally finding FORREST, pulling the sail open and grinning like a free man as the wind whips through his ha
15) 0) text: FORREST, TEDDY and WALLER sit in that chevy. Waller is in front seat of that car, alongside Teddy. Forrest is in th back seat. Forrest applies a layer of CLEAR NAIL POLISH to his fingertips. He’s got a new fake mustache on. Waller is wearing one too. He's whispering a little prayer to himse and makes the sign of the cross. Forrest looks at his watch.
21) 0) text: Back in the car, which is now in motion, as Teddy PEELS A from the bank. The rain still coming down hard. Forrest glances at the rearview mirror, making sure they’re not b tailed. Then he reaches up to his lip with his free hand PEELS THE MUSTACHE from his face.
21) 1) dialog: You were pushin’ it...
26) 1) text: Forrest pulls into the driveway of HIS HOUSE - a modest little rental in East Dallas, across the street from a cemetery. INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 50 Teddy is dividing the loot. Waller is in the kitchen maki pancakes.
26) 3) dialog: How’s that?
26) 6) dialog: Ella ya es demasiado bueno para ti.
26) 8) dialog: Si. Absolutamente.
26) 10) dialog: I got a sense of humor about you too.
26) 12) dialog: Nope.
26) 14) dialog: You're thinking of Chile.
26) 16) dialog: Sure. I got arrested outside of McGurk’s there in 1962.
26) 22) dialog: Gold?
26) 40) text: Forrest follows the guys to the door. Teddy bids Forrest farewell, and heads down to his car. Waller stops short of leaving.
33) 5) dialog: You want to get away with something big, though...you wait until the holidays. Everyone’s a little more forgiving, a little more generous...a little more ready to look the other way.
34) 5) dialog: They keep getting longer. *
36) 0) text: Now we’re with Forrest, and we see what he’s looking at. a BANK. A big one, big downtown branch in an old stone * building that looks like it could withstand an army. Teddy is up there. So is Waller. *
36) 2) dialog: Real big. * Teddy has a camera with a long lens. He snaps a few pictu Forrest sees an ARMORED TRUCK pull up in front of the ban He looks at his watch, takes note of the time, and then j it down in his little notebook. He watches as TWO GUARDS get out of the back of the truck head into the bank with an empty hand truck. Something ab that strikes his interest. Waller and Teddy see it too.
37) 0) text: Forrest and Teddy are casing the bank on the inside now. Waller is there too. It’s big and imposing, with high ceilings and marble columns. Footsteps echo everywhere. I feels more like Grand Central Station than a bank. * Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 45a. Forrest stands at the deposit slip island, pretending to out a slip, writing notes instead. His gaze passes to Teddy... 16 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 46. .+.then to Waller...and then to the SECURITY CAMERAS. Then he walks up to the counter, quietly COUNTING HIS STE as he goes. One...two...three..four
37) 9) dialog: I’m not sure yet. (MORE)
37) 11) dialog: They drive past the Brinks truck.
38) 1) dialog: You really think we can do it?
38) 3) dialog: We could probably do anything we set our minds to. I’m just saying: it sounds like we’re showing off.
38) 5) dialog: What do you think, Forrest? You think we can pull it off?
38) 7) dialog: Probably. Probably. You forget all about Paterson? Probably didn’t get you too far then. 78 79 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 48.
38) 9) dialog: I know too. But I also know what I'm capable of. And these days... those are two different things.
38) 11) dialog: You. Laying low. That’s funny.
40) 0) text: He walks back down the long walkway. The couple he noticed earlier have made up and are making against the back bumper of the truck. He makes it to Teddy's room and knocks. The door opens. It's Teddy.
40) 1) dialog: Back already?
40) 3) dialog: And? On the TV, a bunch of cowboys UNLOAD THEIR PISTOLS.
43) 0) text: Teddy, Waller and Forrest are all crammed in the bathroom Teddy's shirt is hiked up above his waist. There’s a BLOO HOLE in his side, which Waller is in the process of stitc up. Forrest is holding a little bottle of whiskey over th wound.
43) 2) dialog: Took off one of my love handles.
45) 3) text: .+-where TEDDY is laying, hand on his side.
45) 5) dialog: I’m all right. (beat) We almost did it, didn’t we?
45) 9) dialog: That’s that, isn’t it?
45) 13) dialog: I’1l see you on the next one. Teddy and Waller get in their car. Forrest watches them drive off. INT. WALLER’S CAR - DAY 91 Waller drives. Teddy sits in the passenger seat, sitting back, resting. Waller glances at him, and then turns his eyes back to th road. CAMERA follows his gaze and turns to the road too. Stretc on in front of them.
69) 1) text: Forrest pulls up outside Jewel's house. Any conversation or farewells or plans for future dates h already transpired. No more words necessary. She gets out of the car and slowly walks up to the front door. She stops here and there en route, turning around, looking back at Forrest, just to see if he really is stay where he is. Eventually, she makes it to her front door. She unlocks i goes inside and slowly, gently closes it, keeping an eye Forrest the whole time INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 125 Jewel shuts and locks the door. She leans against it for moment, thinking about what’s just transpired. INT. FORREST’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 126 Forrest is maybe having a similar thought. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 127 Jewel waits a moment more. She can hear his engine idling outside. She opens the door again... Pink Rev. (3/24/17) 71a. ...to find Forrest striding towards her. 128 129 130 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 72. He walks right up to her and they kiss. The light from th house and the barn across the drive casts them in silhuce A romantic moment, cloaked in mystery. Still, no words are exchanged. He pulls away. His face comes into the light. He’s confid assured. She is not. But if he recognizes this, he doesn’t acknowl it. Instead, ever the gentleman, he tips his hat and stri away. The engine starts up, the car pulls away. Red tailights o her face. The door shuts for good. INT. JEWEL’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 128 Jewel walks deeper into the house. She goes to the stove and picks up the tea kettle. She goes to the sink and puts it under the faucet and tur it on. She’s so lost in thought that she doesn’t even notice tha the water is OVERFLOWING. She sets it down on the burner and then walks over to her table. She sits down there and looks out the window. INT. FORREST’S CAR - NIGHT 129 Forrest drives home. He rolls down the window. Letting the breeze ripple throu his hair once more. EXT. FORREST’S HOUSE - NIGHT 130 Forrest pulls up to his house. As he’s getting out of the car, he looks up at the house. Something is not right. TEDDY is sitting on the front porch. He stands as Forrest notices him. Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 72n. Forrest is confused. He smiles a little bit and is about open his mouth to say something. And then a LIGHT TURNS ON BEHIND HIM.