7) 0) text: Forrest stands at a heavy duty POWER DRILL in the prison - his place in the assembly line that’s putting together cheap furniture for institutional use. Raw lumber goes in end, chairs and tables come out the other. WALLER is working on another machine. TEDDY on yet anothe A PRISON TRUSTEE named JIM supervises the shop from the comfort of a recliner. He’s petting one of the many CATS run amongst the piles of lumber. A WHISTLE BLOWS. Forrest looks up again, glancing through sawdust at the clock hanging over the shop door. 12 PM. The other prisoners shut off their power tools, put down their hammers and saws. TRUSTEE JIM struggles to raise himself from his armchair. The cat in his lap isn’t keen getting up.
9) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES PAST the water...up to the words RUB-A-DUB- DUB.... Then up to Waller and Teddy, both of whom are rowing with makeshift oars... .+.and finally finding FORREST, pulling the sail open and grinning like a free man as the wind whips through his ha
15) 0) text: FORREST, TEDDY and WALLER sit in that chevy. Waller is in front seat of that car, alongside Teddy. Forrest is in th back seat. Forrest applies a layer of CLEAR NAIL POLISH to his fingertips. He’s got a new fake mustache on. Waller is wearing one too. He's whispering a little prayer to himse and makes the sign of the cross. Forrest looks at his watch.
19) 0) text: Mr. Owens leaves the office. Forrest follows him, and loi outside his door. Mr. Owens heads behind the counter. Waller watches, where Mr. Owens is filling the briefcase. ECU: Mr. Owens presses a SILENT ALARM BUTTON under the counter. Almost as if in response, Forrest TOUCHES his hearing aid He looks out the window, and then back at the counter... .++as Mr. Owens reappears, the briefcase hanging heavy fr his hand. ECU: the briefcase changes hands. 41 42 43 Yellow Rev. (4/4/17) 26.
24) 0) text: The hot car pulls into a half-full parking lot on the edg town. Each of the three men quickly climbs out. Waller th the keys in the gutter. They all walk to their own cars. Forrest throws the suitcase in the trunk, and then casual climbs into the front seat, starts the engine. His car BACKFIRES as he departs.
26) 1) text: Forrest pulls into the driveway of HIS HOUSE - a modest little rental in East Dallas, across the street from a cemetery. INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 50 Teddy is dividing the loot. Waller is in the kitchen maki pancakes.
26) 2) dialog: You know how to make a perfect pancake?
26) 4) dialog: I’m asking you. Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 29a. Moments later, Forrest is sitting at his table, bent over BEARCAT 100 police radio - a portable police scanner abou the size of a big walkie talkie. Wires creep out of the b of the radio, and run up to the pair of HEARING AIDES tha Forrest has been wearing. He’s working on this right now. Twisting the exposed copper, making sure it’s all firmly connected. Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 30.
26) 5) dialog: It works out okay. She doesn’t speak a lick of English and I don’t know more than two words of Spanish, both of which I employ liberally, and we seem to get along just fine.
26) 7) dialog: What do I say to that, si?
26) 9) dialog: I know you’re makin’ fun of me but you know what? I’m okay with that because I got a sense of humor about myself.
26) 11) dialog: She wants me to go to Buenos Aires with her. You ever been there?
26) 13) dialog: They got good poetry out of there.
26) 15) dialog: Same difference. What about St. Louis. You ever been to St. Louis?
26) 17) dialog: Well, McGurk and I both think it’s time you make your triumphant return. Forrest looks up now. Buff Rev. (5/8/17)
26) 19) dialog: Nothing. This has to do with us. I was talking to Yurkow the other day and then I did a little digging and I think I got a line on a pretty good score.
26) 21) dialog: Gold.
26) 23) dialog: Gold. A whole mess of it, just sitting there in a safety deposit box in St. Louis.
26) 25) dialog: I don’t know. Bury it in your backyard? You tell me, bud. why don’t you buy yourself a few beaded curtains for this dump. Forrest laughs. 30A.
26) 40) text: Forrest follows the guys to the door. Teddy bids Forrest farewell, and heads down to his car. Waller stops short of leaving.
26) 41) dialog: I’ve been meaning to ask you. You pick a house across from a cemetery on purpose?
26) 43) dialog: You really didn’t think about it?
26) 48) dialog: Okay. 53 54 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 33.
26) 50) dialog: Just wondering. I’1l see you next week. He takes off. Forrest stands in the doorway, watching as compatriots depart. INT. BEDROOM / FORREST’S HOUSE - EVENING 53 CRAAACCCKKKK. Forrest pull up the floorboards and begins deposit his latest hall in the crawlspace beneath. CAMERA PULLS BACK beneath the floorboards, revealing a significant stash of cash from previous plunderings, alon with various documents, fake IDs and a box of old Indian coins.
33) 0) text: Forrest sits at a bar next to Waller, who is regaling him with a TALL TALE of ill-doings.
33) 1) dialog: My Dad left when I was a kid and so when I was a teenager my Mom got remarried to well a ....cop, Christ. By then I was doing petty crimes...and well, the first thing he did was change all the locks and he wrote a like 10 page “new Manifesto” for our family..with lots of rules to follow. So it was Christmas and I had been out stealing cigarettes out of parked cars that type of thing..and came home late to find the house locked up like a federal prison. (MORE)
33) 4) dialog: I was a little drunk so I had to come thru a high window and the Christmas tree was blocking my entrance..so I am squeezing thru the window and balancing my self using the tree as a crutch and the decorations are clanging and falling and then I hear FREEZE! FREEZE! ...and I look thru the tinsel and there is my stepfather in full uniform, in combat position, both hands on his service revolver, ready to squeeze one off and well it was not a great way to begin and things only got worse from there...and so that is why I hate Christmas.
33) 8) dialog: What's that?
33) 10) dialog: Buy me another drink and 1/11 tell you all about it.
34) 3) dialog: (to waitress) Ma’am? Ma’am. Two more coffees please. 73 74 15 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 45.
34) 6) dialog: He didn’t like my book on tape.
36) 0) text: Now we’re with Forrest, and we see what he’s looking at. a BANK. A big one, big downtown branch in an old stone * building that looks like it could withstand an army. Teddy is up there. So is Waller. *
37) 0) text: Forrest and Teddy are casing the bank on the inside now. Waller is there too. It’s big and imposing, with high ceilings and marble columns. Footsteps echo everywhere. I feels more like Grand Central Station than a bank. * Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 45a. Forrest stands at the deposit slip island, pretending to out a slip, writing notes instead. His gaze passes to Teddy... 16 Goldenrod Rev. (4/30/17) 46. .+.then to Waller...and then to the SECURITY CAMERAS. Then he walks up to the counter, quietly COUNTING HIS STE as he goes. One...two...three..four
37) 12) dialog: What I wanna know is how much they got in those trucks. Forrest looks at the truck.
38) 2) dialog: We could probably do it.
38) 4) dialog: Okay! Hell! Let's show off then. We been doing the same score, over and over and over. My bones are starting to hurt, man. I’m sixty seven years old. I gotta start thinking about my future.
38) 12) dialog: Yeah, that’s why everyone's laughing. Forrest does laugh.
41) 1) text: It’s early morning. 83 84 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) Gil Chilly MIST billowing through the air, obscuring everythi Waller walks down the street. He's looking for a new car. He tries the handle on one, but it’s locked. He finds another. Looks good. Isn’t locked. He gets in the car. Shuts the door. The sounds of the out world fall away. The car windows are misted over. Waller pries open the steering column with a screwdriver. Quickly, delicately, he HOTWIRES the car, striking the ignition wires together. As the car starts up, the STEREO KICKS ON, blaring something loud and jarring. He quickly turns it off. Now the only sound is the car, purring smoo and strong. INT. JOHN HUNT’S HOUSE - MORNING 83
43) 0) text: Teddy, Waller and Forrest are all crammed in the bathroom Teddy's shirt is hiked up above his waist. There’s a BLOO HOLE in his side, which Waller is in the process of stitc up. Forrest is holding a little bottle of whiskey over th wound.
43) 3) dialog: Eh, you still got plenty to work with.
45) 7) text: Forrest, Waller and Forrest sit in Forrest’s house. They' looking at the contents of that bag. A warm glow reflects their faces. 90 91 92 93 Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 54.
45) 8) dialog: Well.
52) 15) dialog: Hey. It’s me. Buff Rev. (5/8/17) 58. 100 INT. FORREST’S HOUSE - DAY 100 Forrest just entering the house when the TELEPHONE rings.
52) 17) dialog: Hey. It’s me. Pink Rev. (3/24/17)
52) 19) dialog: I know.
52) 21) dialog: In Baja.
52) 23) dialog: I hate it. There’s too much fucking sunshine. (beat) Listen, have you heard from Teddy?
52) 25) dialog: +. .Okay.
52) 27) dialog: Probably nothing. I dropped him in San Antone. He got himself a car and was gonna meet me here on Monday. Now it’s Friday and he hasn't shown up. (beat) So you haven't heard from him.
52) 29) dialog: Okay. If you do tell him...I don’t know, tell him I’m going to San Miguel. And if he doesn’t find me there, he’s on his own. (beat) Okay?
52) 31) dialog: Don’t worry, bud. I won’t call again.
52) 33) dialog: Ill try. He hangs up. So does Forrest. 101 INT. CAPTAIN’S OFFICE - POLICE STATION - DAY 101 In the CAPTAIN'S OFFICE, John Hunt is being dressed down.