36) 0) text: Families stumble across the frozen earth between the rows of fir trees, shivering, cursing, grousing. We FIND \ Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty trudging through the sno ; Co The family has a very hard go of the deep snow. Clar i pays it no mind. (CONTINUED)
44) 0) text: A fine upper middle class dwelling. The lights are on. The Taurus's in the driveway. The giant tree is resting on its rootball in the front yard. Rusty and a couple of neighbor kids are standing in the driveway looking at the tree. Inside the garage, a CHAINSAW STARTS UP. OMINOUS DRONING HORROR MUSIC FADES IN.
60) 14) text: i 63 CLOSEUP -- CHRISTMAS CALENDAR 63 Of the sort that conceals each date behind a paper door. | Every day in the month of December, one of the little doors is opened to reveal the date and a symbol of the \ season. Clark's fingers open the first door to expose * DEC. 15 and a tiny illustration of a partridge in a pear | tree. As Clark draws his hand away, the paper door * sticks to his finger and he tears it off.
62) 0) text: Cy Clark's building. A new high-rise in the heart of the “ city.
66) 22) text: A) Salvation Army band playing. B) Crowded downtown department store. C) Cash registers ringing. D) Screaming kids on Santa's laps. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: She waves to him. INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - LADIES’ ROOM - CLOSEUP - CLARK c7 A nervous smile. He turns and walks through the door. As it closes we read a brass sign -- LADIES. 0.S. there's a collective SHRIEK and a pair of SHARP SLAPS. A beat and Rusty and Clark walk out. Their hair is messed- up. They both rub their stinging cheeks.
80) 23) dialog: (to Ellen) Dearest sweetheart, give me a big kiss! (to Ellen) I beat Griswold here so you tell Clark I'm parking the Lincoln in the garage. (To Ellen) What's your hot water situation? (to Audrey) They drained a pint of fluid from my lower back. (to Rusty) Lift with your knees, never with your back. (to Clark) You better salt your walk before somebody breaks their skull. (to Clark) You could use a little paint on your porch. (to Clark) I beat your dad by a good half second so I'm taking the garage space. (to Clark) How come you didn't put cones on your rose bushes? (to Clark) I'm not sleeping in any damn bunk beds. (to Rusty) Hey, pal, you got a kiss for gramps? (to Audrey) Give me an Eskimo kiss, kiddo. (to Rusty) Your dad still trying to turn you into a fairy? (to Clark) . My back's killing me. I lost two inches in height on the ride over here. (to Clark) Whoever shovels your walk oughta be tarred and feathered. You looking for a lawsuit? (to Ellen) Since I bought the Lincoin, it's going to be a light year for gifts. (to Clark) You might mention to your dad not to ruin another of our holidays with his cornball jokes. (to Ellen) You know how much they wanted for a one-bedroom condo in St. Pete? (to Clark) Jump off your roof and land on your back and you'll know the pain I'm enduring. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
80) 27) dialog: (to Clark) - Your mom's put on some weight, huh? (to Ellen) Does your pharmacy offer a senior discount? (to Audrey) Grandma said you're dating fellas. We're gonna have to have a talk. (to Ellen) You look weary. (to Ellen) I'm on a low-sodium diet and your mother's eating a lot of fish. (to Clark) Don't try and save a nickel on heat. I like it at seventy-two. . (to Ellen) I need a lot of moisture in the air. I have a sinus condition. CLARK SR. (to Clark) Merry Christmas, son. It's good to see you. (to Ellen) Hi, there, sweetheart. You look just so lovely. (to Ellen) Are you getting prettier or is my eyesight improving? (to Rusty) I ran into Don Mattingly the other day and you know what he said? ‘Don't back up!’ Get it? (to Ellen) Your dad can't be in as much pain as he likes us to believe. I£ he’s in so much pain, he oughta be in the hospital where folks are immune to complaining. (to Clark) Don't stick us in those bunk beds again, Clark. I don’t have the strength to boost your mom up top anymore. . (to Audrey) Looks like those mosquito bites turned into mole hills! (to Rusty) I talked to your grandpa Art and he said he doesn't want any sympathy for his back. (to Clark) I'll lay you odds Art couldn't get a good enough deal on the Florida conco to go south for the holidays. (to Clark) Let's see if the two of us can't talk your mother out of making cookies this year. (to Audrey) You're not listening to that devil music are you? (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: The garage door opens and Clark comes.out carrying an extension ladder. Rusty follows with a huge carton of lights and decorations. Clark and Rusty are wearing their winter gear. Clark leans the ladder against the house. Rusty sets the carton down.
84) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Art asleep in wingchairs. Nora and Francis are watching a Christmas parade on TV as they construct a prefab gingerbread house. to speak up against the loud snoring. - They're snoring. If you keep eating the shingles we won't have any left for the
84) 11) text: The left side’ of. the house is ‘partially “decorated. Cl is twenty feet above the ground stringing lights under the eaves: He reaches over’to:secure a strand.’ The ladder tilts. from his weight. and.one-leg lifts off the ground. - Encumbered by ‘the: Jights: and the'stapler, Cl struggles to get ‘both of the’ feet.of the ladder ‘back o the ground.. As he leans into the house he (accidentally) staples his sleeve to the roof.. This temporarily stabi- lizes him. To free himself he pulls the sleeve and the staple loose. This upsets his balance, tilting Clark and the ladder back away from the house. Right before he crashes backwards into.the tree, he grabs the parti- ally stapled strand of lights and uses it as a safety. dine to pull, himself (and the ladder) back up to the ouse. Me He Ob Me Ob Mb Ob Ob web ab oe INT. /EXT. ‘MASTER BEDROOM - - NIGHT | . . 78 THROUGH the bedroom window that faces the street, we see Clark struggling with the ladder, holding on for dear life to a strand of lights. As he slowly pulls himself in, the ladder crashes back) into. ,the house slamming Cl into. the window, " ee ee
89) 0) text: Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty, Clark Sr., Nora, Art and Francis are standing on the front lawn. Clark's worn and tattered from his efforts. His en- thusiasm and excitement is unabated. He's holding two extension cords, ready to plug them in.
89) 1) dialog: You want to hurry up with this, Clark? I'm freezing my bagettes off. Clark gives Art a sidelong glance. He refuses to let him spoil his fun.
89) 4) dialog: If they know your dad they won't think anything of it.
91) 1) dialog: Beeeeee--u-t-tiiiiii-ful, Clark!
91) 4) dialog: So do washing machines but they don't make very good fathers. Art and Francis head back to the house. © CLARK SR. It's probably a bad bulb, son. If one goes out the whole thing doesn't work. Clark Sr. and Nora go inside. Clark stares at the house. Seething anger. (CONTINUED)
96) 1) dialog: He's laying on his back staring up with mild curiosity.
97) 0) text: Francis is on the bottom bunk. Art's on the top bunk.
108) 0) text: Art and Francis bundle up and exit the front door. They can't hear Clark's FAINT CRIES.
110) 0) text: Art and Francis come out of the house. Ellen calls to them.
110) 2) dialog: How the hell would I know?
110) 9) dialog: If he's not up on the ladder fartin' around with his lights, he must be in the house.
110) 11) dialog: You've got another car. He can drive. Me, I have to eat so I can take my back pill.
113) 0) text: Art and Francis get in the Taurus.
128) 0) text: Art and Francis are at a counter discussing a gift for Audrey.
128) 1) dialog: Doesn't Audrey have a purse and gloves?
128) 11) dialog: A hundred and ten bucks?! Forget it. Let's go back to the toy section and get her that loom. hoe Oe
146) 0) text: Nora crosses to the refrigerator in the garage and takes out a carton of milk.
156) 0) text: Art and Clark Sr. run in from the family room. The grandmothers from the kitchen.
160) 0) text: Art and Clark Sr. come out on the porch.
160) 1) dialog: What's all the yelling about?!
162) 0) text: Art, Clark Sr., Audrey, Francis and Nora are gathered on the porch looking at Clark.
173) 7) dialog: You got. too many blue lights. Clark doesn't mind the insult. He regards it as a charming moment of truth and honesty.
174) 2) dialog: You got a kiss for me?
175) 15) dialog: Hell, there's plenty of room. (to Eddie) Quit being so damn polite, Ed. You want to spend the holidays with four people jammed toe-to- nose in a motor home? Eddie reevaluates his position.
181) 0) dialog: He's staring at the ceiling. He's bewildered.
181) 2) dialog: He gives up trying to figure out what happened to the poster. He rolls over and settles into the bed. He turns AWAY FROM CAMERA revealing that the back of his head is white with plaster dust. As he pulls the covers up around his shoulders, a cloud of dust rises.
204) 7) text: Mary, the girl from the department store, is bouncing on the diving board. MUSIC'S PLAYING. She plays to Clark in the kitchen, waving for him to come out.
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
222) 2) dialog: He ties his Christmas tie.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
244) 4) dialog: I told you you had too many plugs in one socket. Clark grumbles to himself. He and Eddie lift the chair and carry it away from the wall.
253) 1) dialog: It was an ugly tree anyway.
256) 10) dialog: What is it? A letter confirming your reservation at the nuthouse?
256) 17) dialog: You gonna bawl all over it or are you going to open it?
261) 0) text: Clark comes down the stairs. He grabs the newelpost and * the ornamental piece atop it comes loose in his hand. He looks at it angrily, puts it back, STARTS UP the CHAINSAW and levels the newelpost in one, clean swipe.
265) 9) text: Befitting her age, she's sitting with her legs relatively far apart. A beat and the squirrel runs up one of her legs under her skirt. (CONTINUED )
273) 0) text: Snots charges in from the kitchen, decking Art. Ina spray of foam and spit, the DOG tears up the stairs, BARKING and SNARLING. A beat and the people that ran upstairs plow back down.
279) 0) text: Clark comes down the stairs in a Santa suit. Ellen and the kids follow. Catherine is behind them. Art and Francis are at the closet getting their coats.
279) 3) text: Art and Francis look up at Clark with alarm. *
279) 10) dialog: You're goofy!
298) 13) dialog: Merry Christmas, son. Clark takes Art's hand.
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.