1) 0) text: Clark's driving. His wife, ELLEN, is next to him. His fourteen-year-old daughter, AUDREY and twelve-year-old Ellen's looking out the window. Rusty and Audrey are looking out their windows. Clark clears his throat and half-closes his eyes. He finishes with a deep, majestic voice. son, RUSTY, are in the backseat.
3) 0) text: Audrey leans forward in her seat. An old, battered pickup (CONTINUED)
3) 3) dialog: We're not driving. all the way out here so you can get one of those stupid ties with Santa Clauses on it are we?
5) 3) dialog: Oh, no. Clark breaks into song once again.
23) 0) text: Ellen, Rusty and Audrey scream.
28) 4) dialog: Come on, you guys, don't fight!
30) 2) dialog: Is lying about why you got home so late a sin?
30) 4) dialog: Is it? I have to know!
30) 6) dialog: Forgive me for saying I was at NN Cassandra Reed's when I was really Co with Sean Marley under the railroad bridge in town.
30) 10) dialog: This was before that.
36) 0) text: Families stumble across the frozen earth between the rows of fir trees, shivering, cursing, grousing. We FIND \ Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty trudging through the sno ; Co The family has a very hard go of the deep snow. Clar i pays it no mind. (CONTINUED)
36) 9) dialog: My toes are numb. Ellen points out a tree.
36) 14) dialog: I can't feel my legs.
36) 19) dialog: Mom? I can't feel my hips.
39) 0) text: Clark puts his arm around Ellen and Audrey. Ellen pulls Rusty into the family embrace.
52) 0) text: A third of the living room square footage is dominated by the unfurled tree. The Griswolds stand waist-deep in pine boughs. The tree is the same diameter at the top as at the bottom. It's a pine cylinder, eight feet in diameter. Clark looks at Ellen, Audrey and Rusty. He says nothing. They say nothing.
55) 0) text: It's pleasant and calm. A nearly perfect holiday picture. Clark's wearing a cashmere V-neck. He's un- tangling a strand of lights. Audrey, Rusty and Ellen are sitting with bowls of popcorn and cranberries in their laps. Clark has trimmed the Christmas tree branches and denuded the top twelve inches to accommodate the star. He's fishing lights out of a cardboard box.
55) 2) dialog: (frustrated) The popcorn falls apart when I pull the string through it! Clark walks to the tree with the light strands.
56) 13) dialog: Watch your eyes, Daddy. The tree shivers and shakes as Clark works his way around behind it.
60) 0) text: It opens and Audrey peeks in. 21. (CONTINUED)
60) 12) dialog: She has no idea what they're talking about. *
60) 13) dialog: Oh, sick! What are you guys * doing?! * Co INT. BEDROOM - BED ' Ellen pops up from under the covers. Clark looks up in | alarm. Ellen leaps from the bed. * i CLARK | Ellen! Your hand! * | It's too late. The power of Ellen's leap from bed drags Clark to the floor by his undershorts. He screams as * | he crashes to the floor. x \ .
74) 0) text: Ellen's at the kitchen table filling out Christmas cards. She looks up from her work with a troubled look. Some dreadful feeling grips her. OMINOUS MUSIC COMES UP. INT. AUDREY'S ROOM c72 She's struck by the same uneasy feeling. She looks up from the gift she's wrapping.
77) 0) text: Ellen walks in from the kitchen. She's nervous and tentative. Rusty comes in from the dining room. Clark comes down the stairs. Audrey follows Clark. The DOOR KNOCKER sounds. THREE hard, loud BANGS.
80) 0) text: Clark steps back as the grandparents rush the house. They engulf Clark, Ellen, Rusty and Audrey in hugs and machine-gun chatter. It's an invasion.
80) 40) dialog: She's wearing an identical, catatonic expression. Her hair's messed up.
86) 2) dialog: Everybody? Are you sleeping with your brother? Do you know how sick’ and twisted that is? =
89) 0) text: Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty, Clark Sr., Nora, Art and Francis are standing on the front lawn. Clark's worn and tattered from his efforts. His en- thusiasm and excitement is unabated. He's holding two extension cords, ready to plug them in.
89) 3) dialog: I hope nobody I know drives by and sees me standing in the yard staring at the house.
91) 3) dialog: He worked really hard, Grandma.
91) 10) dialog: Sorry, Dad.
94) 0) text: Nora and Clark Sr. are in Audrey's double bed. Their debris is all over the room. Medicines, trusses, clothing, suitcases. A room humidifier is spewing out cold steam. Nora's snoring softly. Clark Sr.'s reading a teen fashion magazine with a flashlight. ob
95) 0) text: Rusty and Audrey are sleeping on a hide-a-bed. She's on her back, awake. Rusty has his arm around her and his face against her ear. She pushes his arm away and his leg replaces it. She groans.
95) 1) dialog: Get off me, you little fungus. INT. MASTER BEDROOM c88 Ellen's asleep. Alone.
106) 0) text: The Taurus is running. Clark Sr. is in the front, Nora's in the back with Audrey. Ellen's standing at the Taurus. She's going to drive.
128) 0) text: Art and Francis are at a counter discussing a gift for Audrey.
162) 0) text: Art, Clark Sr., Audrey, Francis and Nora are gathered on the porch looking at Clark.
192) 0) text: Clark, Eddie, Audrey, Rusty, Ruby Sue and Rocky are at th top of a suburban park sledding hill. They each have a saucer sled. Clark's on one knee with his saucer sled upside-down on the snow. He's shaking a spray can.
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
229) 0) text: Aunt Bethany is sitting with a fat Persian cat in her lap. Lewis, Clark and Eddie are standing at the tree. Audrey's sitting next to her.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
254) 0) text: Audrey and Rusty are confused and upset.
254) 1) dialog: Mom? The tree burned down, the cat blew up... (CONTINUED)
256) 27) dialog: Tear the sucker open, Dad! * He tears open the envelope slowly and deliberately, teasing himself and the others. He brings the envelope to his lips and blows, inflating it. With great flair, he reaches two fingers into the envelope and snares its contents. He withdraws a green slip of paper. He waves it in the air.
258) 16) dialog: He's got that look, doesn't he?
271) 0) text: There's a wild scramble for the stairs. Everyone runs up. Audrey runs out of the kitchen with the squirrel clinging to her head. As she passes the stairs, the squirrel leaps onto Clark Sr. and onto the stairs.
298) 12) dialog: Thanks, Daddy. Art walks over to Clark and offers his hand.
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
318) 0) text: Clark takes Ellen's hand. Ellen takes Audrey's hand. Audrey takes Rusty's hand. Rusty takes Nora's hand. Nora takes Francis's hand. Francis takes Frank Shirley's hand. And so on until everyone is holding hands.
324) 0) text: Frank and Helen, the police, the grandparents, Eddie and his family, Rusty and Audrey are crowded into the living room.. The grandmothers are serving coffee. The police commander's playing the piano and the officers are sing- ing, in less than wonderful voices, "I SAW MOMMY KISSING