224) 0) text: It opens to reveal Clark and Rusty helping an elderly woman, AUNT BETHANY, and her husband, UNCLE LEWIS into the house. Rusty's following behind with their gifts. Uncle Lewis is in his late eighties, cranky, stooped, dressed in a tweed suit and sucking on a long cigar. Aunt Bethany's also in her late eighties, four and a half feet tall, wearing a well-worn mink stole, a polyester pant suit and a hat. She's taking two-inch steps, clinging to Clark.
224) 1) dialog: Don't throw me down, Clark.
224) 3) text: Aunt Bethany is now a skeleton.
224) 12) dialog: Oh, that was fun! I love riding in cars. Ellen helps her off with her coat as Francis and Catherine greet her.
226) 0) text: Ellen helps Bethany off with her stole. Clark tries to help Lewis with his.
227) 3) dialog: Oh, dear. Did I break wind? *
227) 5) dialog: Well, heavens, it isn't every day that somebody moves into a new house. (CONTINUED)
227) 10) dialog: You'll have to speak up, dear. Uncle Lewis throws his arms in the air and heads for the living room. Clark flips the toupee, Frisbee-style at Lewis.
228) 0) text: Clark take's Bethany's coat from Ellen and hangs Lewis's and her coats in the closet.
228) 5) dialog: This house is much bigger than your old one.
228) 7) dialog: Oh, sure. Catherine and Francis help her into the living room.
229) 0) text: Aunt Bethany is sitting with a fat Persian cat in her lap. Lewis, Clark and Eddie are standing at the tree. Audrey's sitting next to her.
229) 1) dialog: I have a cat just like this at home. Audrey forces a polite smile.
229) 7) dialog: Oh, dear! I'm so sorry...
233) 0) text: Bethany's cat approaches the Christmas tree and sniffs th needles.
234) 9) dialog: What, dear?
234) 11) dialog: (after a pause) Grace? She passed on, oh, goodness, thirty years ago?
234) 14) dialog: I pledge allegiance to the flag...
234) 18) dialog: She continues.
235) 0) text: Aunt Bethany's cat is playing with the Christmas tree lights. Batting them. She bites a strand and pulls. She backs up, pulling the lights off the tree.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
251) 0) text: The women are cleaning up the kitchen and getting dese ready, Christmas CAROLS are playing on the RADIO, the TV's BLASTING for Aunt Bethany's benefit. Ellen hears the SMOKE DETECTOR.
263) 0) text: The new tree is up and has been hastily decorated with * ornaments salvaged from the burned tree. A single i strand of lights, melted, elongated bulbs, and charred * tinsel. The family has reassembled in the living room. * Clark walks.in and places presents under the tree. = i CLOSEUP - ‘BETHANY She perks up. *
263) 1) dialog: What's that sound? All eyes turn to Bethany. *
263) 2) dialog: Do you hear it? A funny squeaking sound?
265) 8) dialog: She's oblivious to the mayhem.
265) 15) dialog: A puzzled look on her face. She grimaces and gives a yank on her undies.
265) 16) dialog: Oh, my! I hope somebody got me a girdle. This one's pinching and binding something terrible. The family's in horror as they watch Bethany.
265) 17) text: Bethany is still unaware of what's up her skirt. We can see the squirrel scrambling around her lap.
267) 0) text: It's silent. Nora's out cold in the middle of the room. Bethany's still sitting on the couch. Clark and Clark * Sr. tiptoe into the room. CLARK SR. Nora? For whatever reason, Nora's playing dead. She lays perfectly still.
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
317) 0) text: Aunt Bethany's standing in the doorway. She begins to recite softly.
317) 1) dialog: "Yea, Lord, we greet thee Born this happy morning Jesus, to Thee all glory Giv'n Word of the Father.'
319) 0) text: Aunt Bethany begins to sing. *
319) 1) dialog: "Now in flesh appearing O come let us adore him O come let us adore him Venite adoremus Dominium Christ the Lord.'
319) 16) dialog: She looks into the sky.
321) 0) dialog: looking to the sky. She puts her hand to her heart and begins to sing again.
321) 1) dialog: "And the rocket's red glare The bombs bursting in air Gave proof through the night That our flag was still there...' Everyone puts their hands to their hearts and joins in.
321) 3) dialog: Play ball!