80) 10) dialog: How 'ya doin', boy? Clark breaks his embrace with Nora and shakes Clark Sr.'s hand.
80) 32) dialog: {to Rusty) What do you want old Santa to bring you this year? (to Ellen) Don't short us on towels this year. (to Clark) We like a late breakfast and an early dinner. (to Clark) Do you remember Fred Lorraine? He sold a humorous story to the Reader's Digest. Made ten bucks. (to Ellen) Don't fill us up with cheese like last time. (to Clark) Do you have a good mall where Mom and I can go take an indoor walk?
84) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Art asleep in wingchairs. Nora and Francis are watching a Christmas parade on TV as they construct a prefab gingerbread house. to speak up against the loud snoring. - They're snoring. If you keep eating the shingles we won't have any left for the
89) 0) text: Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty, Clark Sr., Nora, Art and Francis are standing on the front lawn. Clark's worn and tattered from his efforts. His en- thusiasm and excitement is unabated. He's holding two extension cords, ready to plug them in.
94) 0) text: Nora and Clark Sr. are in Audrey's double bed. Their debris is all over the room. Medicines, trusses, clothing, suitcases. A room humidifier is spewing out cold steam. Nora's snoring softly. Clark Sr.'s reading a teen fashion magazine with a flashlight. ob
106) 0) text: The Taurus is running. Clark Sr. is in the front, Nora's in the back with Audrey. Ellen's standing at the Taurus. She's going to drive.
117) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Nora are at the counter looking at manicure sets. , CLARK SR. I don't see anything wrong with getting Rusty an air rifle. That's what he wants.
156) 0) text: Art and Clark Sr. run in from the family room. The grandmothers from the kitchen.
160) 0) text: Art and Clark Sr. come out on the porch.
162) 0) text: Art, Clark Sr., Audrey, Francis and Nora are gathered on the porch looking at Clark.
173) 0) text: It's a great moment of family warmth and love. Clark embraces Nora, then Clark Sr.
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
267) 0) text: It's silent. Nora's out cold in the middle of the room. Bethany's still sitting on the couch. Clark and Clark * Sr. tiptoe into the room. CLARK SR. Nora? For whatever reason, Nora's playing dead. She lays perfectly still.
271) 0) text: There's a wild scramble for the stairs. Everyone runs up. Audrey runs out of the kitchen with the squirrel clinging to her head. As she passes the stairs, the squirrel leaps onto Clark Sr. and onto the stairs.
281) 0) text: Clark Sr. is talking to Clark. CLARK SR. Son, I love you, we all love you. This is a terrible night, nothing's gone right, it's a disaster, but you sitting out there singing like a lunatic only makes things worse. Clark looks at him, feeling slightly foolish. - CLARK SR. You're too good a father to act like this. In years to come, you _want your children and your family to remember all the love you gave us and how hard you tried to make the perfect Christmas. (CONTINUED)
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.