80) 33) dialog: (to Ellen) Oh, my sweet girl. You look so haggard. (to Clark) Are you making her do heavy work? (to Ellen) I nearly left your father over this back thing. He's unbearable! (to Audrey) I clipped an article for you in our paper about disease and open-mouth kissing. (to Rusty) Are you getting enough fresh air and sunshine? (to Clark) Your dad drives like a lunatic. (to Ellen) Hasn't Nora aged? Poor thing. I didn't want to ask but has she gone deaf? (to Rusty) All the boys in our neighborhood have after school jobs. (to Audrey) They say pizza is very high in sodium. (to Ellen) I'm going to need to get my hair done but I'm not going to your place again. Not after that polish gal scalded my scalp. (to Clark) If Dad needs a rub down... (to Ellen) You have no color in your cheeks. (to Clark) Ellen has no color in her cheeks. (to Audrey) I hope you'll dress up nice on Christmas. (CONTINUED)
84) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Art asleep in wingchairs. Nora and Francis are watching a Christmas parade on TV as they construct a prefab gingerbread house. to speak up against the loud snoring. - They're snoring. If you keep eating the shingles we won't have any left for the
84) 2) text: They" 're stale ‘anyway. oe : Francis remote “controls ‘the VOLUME ‘LOUDER on the TV. The snoring becomes louder. Is that the fella from ‘Jeopardy’ 2 Nora turns UP the VOLUME more. The snoring gets louder. I don't know. Francis turns UP the VOLUME again. The snoring gets
84) 8) dialog: It's the sports guy who's married to the news gal with the drinking problem. Francis turns UP the VOLUME again and again; the snoring increases. * ~ wars | What? OO as EXT. GRISWOLD ‘HOUSE: - DUSK.”
89) 0) text: Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty, Clark Sr., Nora, Art and Francis are standing on the front lawn. Clark's worn and tattered from his efforts. His en- thusiasm and excitement is unabated. He's holding two extension cords, ready to plug them in.
91) 2) dialog: Boy, talk about tinkling your money away. I hope you kids see what a silly waste of resources this was.
97) 0) text: Francis is on the bottom bunk. Art's on the top bunk.
102) 0) text: Francis comes out of the guest room. She sees the attic stairs down.
102) 1) dialog: Gee whiz! Feel the cold air coming down from there!
104) 0) text: Francis lifts the staircase and lets it crash closed.
108) 0) text: Art and Francis bundle up and exit the front door. They can't hear Clark's FAINT CRIES.
110) 0) text: Art and Francis come out of the house. Ellen calls to them.
113) 0) text: Art and Francis get in the Taurus.
128) 0) text: Art and Francis are at a counter discussing a gift for Audrey.
128) 2) dialog: This is for when she dresses up.
128) 4) dialog: We'll have them monogrammed.
162) 0) text: Art, Clark Sr., Audrey, Francis and Nora are gathered on the porch looking at Clark.
173) 5) dialog: It's wonderful, Clark. Clark embraces Art.
174) 5) dialog: Oh, my gosh! Her eyes aren't crossed anymore!
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
224) 15) dialog: Hello, Bethany. Lewis. Francis embraces Uncle Lewis. The rest of the family crowds into the foyer. Lewis shifts his cigar in his mouth to keep it from setting Francis's hair on fire.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
279) 0) text: Clark comes down the stairs in a Santa suit. Ellen and the kids follow. Catherine is behind them. Art and Francis are at the closet getting their coats.
279) 3) text: Art and Francis look up at Clark with alarm. *
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
318) 0) text: Clark takes Ellen's hand. Ellen takes Audrey's hand. Audrey takes Rusty's hand. Rusty takes Nora's hand. Nora takes Francis's hand. Francis takes Frank Shirley's hand. And so on until everyone is holding hands.