224) 0) text: It opens to reveal Clark and Rusty helping an elderly woman, AUNT BETHANY, and her husband, UNCLE LEWIS into the house. Rusty's following behind with their gifts. Uncle Lewis is in his late eighties, cranky, stooped, dressed in a tweed suit and sucking on a long cigar. Aunt Bethany's also in her late eighties, four and a half feet tall, wearing a well-worn mink stole, a polyester pant suit and a hat. She's taking two-inch steps, clinging to Clark.
224) 5) dialog: Say, Griz, me and Bethany figured out the perfect gift for you. (CONTINUED)
224) 11) dialog: Dammit, Bethany, he guessed it! Ellen, Catherine and Francis come into the foyer from the kitchen.
224) 14) dialog: How do, princess.
224) 16) dialog: Watch the stinkeroo! I don't want you to burn down your wig.
226) 0) text: Ellen helps Bethany off with her stole. Clark tries to help Lewis with his.
226) 1) dialog: Get your fingers out of my armpits! He peels off his hat and hands it to Clark. He's bald.
227) 0) text: Clark takes the toupee out of the hat and attempts to place it back on Lewis's head. He stands behind Lewis waiting for his opportunity.
227) 4) dialog: Jee~zuz! Did the room clear out, * Bethany? Hell, no! She means * presents. You shouldn't have * brought presents. Clark tries to drop the toupee on Lewis's head. He moves forward. Ellen sees him. He explains what happened in gesture.
227) 9) dialog: idn't move to ew house!
227) 11) dialog: The toupee lands on his head. He looks up. He pats his head and straightens his toupee.
228) 0) text: Clark take's Bethany's coat from Ellen and hangs Lewis's and her coats in the closet.
229) 0) text: Aunt Bethany is sitting with a fat Persian cat in her lap. Lewis, Clark and Eddie are standing at the tree. Audrey's sitting next to her.
229) 2) dialog: Clark, that's the ugliest goddamn Christmas tree I've ever did see. What the hell did you do to it? He reaches out and touches it.
229) 3) dialog: I'm glad I'm not sleeping here tonight.
229) 5) dialog: This son of a bitch can't wait to eatch fire and kill a household.
229) 8) dialog: The turkey, Bethany! He's smelling the turkey!
234) 12) dialog: Aw, for the love of God and country. She won't wear a hearing aid because she says it makes her look old. (to Bethany) They want you to say the grace! Moot Aunt Bethany shakes her head, "no. She doesn't get it.
234) 13) dialog: biessing! Bethany catches on. She bows her head. The others follow suit. She clears her throat. Several times.
234) 17) dialog: He exhales loudly out his nose and strokes his forehead i defeat. :
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
240) 1) dialog: Griz! You're not doing anything constructive, you wanna run into the living room and get my stogie?
241) 0) text: The last of the mess is off the floor. Clark is annoyed with the order from Lewis.
244) 18) dialog: What is it? Ellen shepherds them away.
246) 0) text: Uncle Lewis is alone in the living room. He's standing in front of the tree. He's lighting his cigar. He puffs furiously and he waves the flame under his stoggie. He shakes the match. It doesn't go out.
248) 3) text: Uncle Lewis is happily puffing a cigar. The quick, in- tense flash fire has left the tree a blackened skeleton.
248) 6) dialog: He looks up, oblivious to the raging fire storm behind. (CONTINUED)
248) 11) dialog: (cranky) What're you yelling about? ‘CLARK He points.
250) 0) text: Clark rips a curtain down and dashes to Uncle Lewis.
252) 8) dialog: His toupee's in his face, his cigar's crushed but still smoldering.
252) 9) dialog: Griz, you're on my priority shit list.
253) 2) dialog: At least it's out of its misery. Ellen takes Rusty and Audrey into the foyer.
253) 6) dialog: If he's smart, he'll stay well clear of this joint. It's a death-trap from stem to stern.
263) 3) dialog: You couldn't hear a dump truck driving through a nitroglycerine plant...
265) 18) dialog: He looks up from Bethany to Clark.
265) 19) dialog: You can write that son of a bitch off. Nothin' goes up there and lives to tell about it. Clark and Lewis look back at Bethany. A beat and they scream. The squirrel flies INTO FRAME.
302) 0) dialog: Uncle Lewis standing at the front. door.
304) 0) text: Lewis saunters into the living room. : (CONTINUED)
304) 12) dialog: Griz! You got just what you need. More friggin’ company!
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
319) 2) dialog: He's standing next to the Santa on the curb. He has a * cigar in his mouth. He strikes the match on the Santa's * ass and lights his cigar. . * UNCLE LEWIS “ That ain't the friggin’ Christmas * Star, Griz. That's the light on * the water treatment plant. *
319) 6) dialog: 
319) 14) dialog: He flips the match over his shoulder.