80) 1) dialog: Clarkie, sweetheart! (CONTINUED)
80) 16) dialog: Clarkie, sweetheart, how are you? (to Ellen) Oprah did a show on skinny women. Did you see it? (to Rusty) Maybe if your Mom'd feed you better you'd put on some height. (To Audrey) Since when are you wearing eye makeup? (to Clark) The curly hair makes Audrey look too old. (to Clark) Do you think this mole on my neck has changed color? Dad says it hasn't but I think it has. (to Ellen) I have no idea what to get you for Christmas. You have two of everything. (to Ellen) When you go shopping remember to get Clark Sr. rolled oats. (to Ellen) We don't care for T.V. in the morning. We prefer the radio. (to Clark) I brought my old sewing machine. If you get the time maybe you can fix it up for Ellen. (to Clark) Do you still have the rusty taste to your tap water? (to Rusty) You're not seeing girls yet, are you? (to Rusty) Do you still like puzzles? (to Clark) Art wants to put his car in the garage. Didn't he have the garage the last time he was here? Why should our automobile have to stay out in the elements? (to Ellen) It smells stale in here. (to Clark) You're working too hard, aren't you? (to Clark) This may be Dad's last Christmas. Don't spend all your time with Art. (to Ellen) Dear, you look so tired. (to Rusty) I have a very painful spur on my heel bone. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
80) 22) dialog: (to Ellen) I had a nightmare that you talked Clark into making us sleep in the bunk beds.
84) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Art asleep in wingchairs. Nora and Francis are watching a Christmas parade on TV as they construct a prefab gingerbread house. to speak up against the loud snoring. - They're snoring. If you keep eating the shingles we won't have any left for the
84) 1) text: Nora remote controls the. VOLUME 1 uP on the TY. snoring increases.’
84) 2) text: They" 're stale ‘anyway. oe : Francis remote “controls ‘the VOLUME ‘LOUDER on the TV. The snoring becomes louder. Is that the fella from ‘Jeopardy’ 2 Nora turns UP the VOLUME more. The snoring gets louder. I don't know. Francis turns UP the VOLUME again. The snoring gets
89) 0) text: Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty, Clark Sr., Nora, Art and Francis are standing on the front lawn. Clark's worn and tattered from his efforts. His en- thusiasm and excitement is unabated. He's holding two extension cords, ready to plug them in.
94) 0) text: Nora and Clark Sr. are in Audrey's double bed. Their debris is all over the room. Medicines, trusses, clothing, suitcases. A room humidifier is spewing out cold steam. Nora's snoring softly. Clark Sr.'s reading a teen fashion magazine with a flashlight. ob
106) 0) text: The Taurus is running. Clark Sr. is in the front, Nora's in the back with Audrey. Ellen's standing at the Taurus. She's going to drive.
117) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Nora are at the counter looking at manicure sets. , CLARK SR. I don't see anything wrong with getting Rusty an air rifle. That's what he wants.
117) 1) dialog: Ellen said, no. You heard her. CLARK SR. Alright. Clarkie had one when he was a boy.
117) 2) dialog: And he put out all the windows in the garage and you threw it away. (referring to the manicure set in her hand) No. I think he'll be just as thrilled with a manicure set. * CLARK SR. Yeah. You're right. There's * nothing more important to a young * fella than well-groomed * fingernails. *
117) 3) dialog: The set also includes a nifty * toenail clipper. * CLARK SR. That's a heck of a nice deal. *
142) 0) text: Nora steps into the garage. She hits the light switch. *
145) 0) text: The lights in the panorama dim as the house sucks power.
146) 0) text: Nora crosses to the refrigerator in the garage and takes out a carton of milk.
148) 0) text: Nora crosses back to the door. She turns off the light.
162) 0) text: Art, Clark Sr., Audrey, Francis and Nora are gathered on the porch looking at Clark.
162) 1) dialog: What's he doing, Clark? CLARK SR. I haven't the foggiest...
173) 0) text: It's a great moment of family warmth and love. Clark embraces Nora, then Clark Sr.
173) 1) dialog: It's lovely, Clark.
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
234) 10) dialog: Grace.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
251) 2) dialog: (listens) Sounds like it.
256) 14) dialog: Open it, Clarkie.
267) 0) text: It's silent. Nora's out cold in the middle of the room. Bethany's still sitting on the couch. Clark and Clark * Sr. tiptoe into the room. CLARK SR. Nora? For whatever reason, Nora's playing dead. She lays perfectly still.
267) 1) dialog: (whispers ) Is it gone? CLARK SR. Nope. Just lay still. Clark? You want to get Bethany out of here?
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
318) 0) text: Clark takes Ellen's hand. Ellen takes Audrey's hand. Audrey takes Rusty's hand. Rusty takes Nora's hand. Nora takes Francis's hand. Francis takes Frank Shirley's hand. And so on until everyone is holding hands.