173) 21) text: The biggest commercially-available RV is backed in his driveway. The door opens and two little kids, a boy and a girl, ROCKY and RUBY SUE, followed by a mixed breed hound, Snots, jump out. Rocky's six and Ruby Sue's five. The kids and dog run across the lawn (CONTINUED)
192) 0) text: Clark, Eddie, Audrey, Rusty, Ruby Sue and Rocky are at th top of a suburban park sledding hill. They each have a saucer sled. Clark's on one knee with his saucer sled upside-down on the snow. He's shaking a spray can.
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
222) 1) dialog: Catherine combs his hair.
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
253) 3) dialog: (to Eddie) Will Santy Claus still come?
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
312) 34) dialog: He's standing at the window looking out. *
312) 35) dialog: Look! * . i Everyone turns to Rocky. *
313) 0) text: . Rocky runs into the foyer and dashes outside. *
314) 0) text: Rocky stands on the lawn, looking up at the sky. Every- * one comes outside and gathers around him. *