1) 0) text: Clark's driving. His wife, ELLEN, is next to him. His fourteen-year-old daughter, AUDREY and twelve-year-old Ellen's looking out the window. Rusty and Audrey are looking out their windows. Clark clears his throat and half-closes his eyes. He finishes with a deep, majestic voice. son, RUSTY, are in the backseat.
1) 2) dialog: (after a pause) Dad? Can you explain again what we're doing?
14) 3) dialog: Dad? I believe the expression is ‘burn rubber’ and ‘eat my dust.'
20) 2) dialog: Dad? They're back. Clark glances out his window.
23) 0) text: Ellen, Rusty and Audrey scream.
30) 11) dialog: What religion are we again?
36) 0) text: Families stumble across the frozen earth between the rows of fir trees, shivering, cursing, grousing. We FIND \ Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty trudging through the sno ; Co The family has a very hard go of the deep snow. Clar i pays it no mind. (CONTINUED)
36) 6) dialog: It smells like Pinesol.
36) 12) dialog: Dad? Didn't they invent Christmas tree lots so people wouldn't have to drive all the way out to nowhere and waste a whole Saturday?
38) 5) dialog: Dad? That wouldn't fit in our yard.
39) 0) text: Clark puts his arm around Ellen and Audrey. Ellen pulls Rusty into the family embrace.
39) 4) dialog: Yeah, Dad.
39) 8) dialog: (after a pause) Dad? Did you bring a thaw?
44) 0) text: A fine upper middle class dwelling. The lights are on. The Taurus's in the driveway. The giant tree is resting on its rootball in the front yard. Rusty and a couple of neighbor kids are standing in the driveway looking at the tree. Inside the garage, a CHAINSAW STARTS UP. OMINOUS DRONING HORROR MUSIC FADES IN.
52) 0) text: A third of the living room square footage is dominated by the unfurled tree. The Griswolds stand waist-deep in pine boughs. The tree is the same diameter at the top as at the bottom. It's a pine cylinder, eight feet in diameter. Clark looks at Ellen, Audrey and Rusty. He says nothing. They say nothing.
55) 0) text: It's pleasant and calm. A nearly perfect holiday picture. Clark's wearing a cashmere V-neck. He's un- tangling a strand of lights. Audrey, Rusty and Ellen are sitting with bowls of popcorn and cranberries in their laps. Clark has trimmed the Christmas tree branches and denuded the top twelve inches to accommodate the star. He's fishing lights out of a cardboard box.
55) 1) dialog: I can't get my needle through the cranberries.
55) 9) dialog: He reaches into a bowl of popcorn.
55) 10) dialog: Dad? This tradition stuff is pretty cool so far but I think it might lose its charm if it extended to our gifts. I mean, you're not planning on making our presents are you? He loads the popcorn into his mouth.
55) 13) dialog: He pulls a string and then a row of strung pieces of popcorn out of his mouth. .
56) 11) dialog: Nobody looks behind the tree, Dad.
70) 0) text: Rusty approaches the counter and Clark.
70) 8) dialog: Yeah, Dad.
70) 10) dialog: Looking at Clark.
71) 0) text: Clark and Rusty walk through the store loaded with lingerie boxes. Clark's in a nervous sweat as he tries to explain himself to Rusty.
71) 3) dialog: Funny- looking? *
71) 12) dialog: Dad? She was cover girl material.
71) 14) dialog: Dad!
71) 16) dialog: But, Dad...! He pushes Rusty through a door and takes a look back at Mary.
72) 0) text: She waves to him. INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - LADIES’ ROOM - CLOSEUP - CLARK c7 A nervous smile. He turns and walks through the door. As it closes we read a brass sign -- LADIES. 0.S. there's a collective SHRIEK and a pair of SHARP SLAPS. A beat and Rusty and Clark walk out. Their hair is messed- up. They both rub their stinging cheeks.
75) 0) text: Rusty's watching TV. As the feeling comes over him, he hits the MUTE button on the TV.
77) 0) text: Ellen walks in from the kitchen. She's nervous and tentative. Rusty comes in from the dining room. Clark comes down the stairs. Audrey follows Clark. The DOOR KNOCKER sounds. THREE hard, loud BANGS.
80) 0) text: Clark steps back as the grandparents rush the house. They engulf Clark, Ellen, Rusty and Audrey in hugs and machine-gun chatter. It's an invasion.
80) 41) dialog: The same expression. He has a large, distinct lipstick print on each cheek.
81) 0) text: The garage door opens and Clark comes.out carrying an extension ladder. Rusty follows with a huge carton of lights and decorations. Clark and Rusty are wearing their winter gear. Clark leans the ladder against the house. Rusty sets the carton down.
81) 3) dialog: That's a lot of lights, Dad. (CONTINUED)
81) 7) dialog: Yeah, I- guess...
81) 9) dialog: You're not gonna overdo it are you, Dad?
84) 14) text: EXT. GARAGE - “NIGHT. A80 Rusty comes out of the garage carrying a six-foot-tall plastic Santa.
84) 15) dialog: Dad? Where do you want the Santa?
86) 0) text: Rusty sets the Santa down on the Yawn: "Behind him a large wooden shutter falls to the sidewalk and shatters. Rusty turns and looks uP to, the roof. ‘
89) 0) text: Clark, Ellen, Audrey and Rusty, Clark Sr., Nora, Art and Francis are standing on the front lawn. Clark's worn and tattered from his efforts. His en- thusiasm and excitement is unabated. He's holding two extension cords, ready to plug them in.
89) 5) dialog: Fire it up, Dad!
91) 11) dialog: Good try, Dad.
95) 0) text: Rusty and Audrey are sleeping on a hide-a-bed. She's on her back, awake. Rusty has his arm around her and his face against her ear. She pushes his arm away and his leg replaces it. She groans.
117) 0) text: Clark Sr. and Nora are at the counter looking at manicure sets. , CLARK SR. I don't see anything wrong with getting Rusty an air rifle. That's what he wants.
170) 1) dialog: Wow! Dad, it's incredible! Ellen comes out of the house and runs to Clark. He takes her under his arm. Rusty under the other. Audrey hugs him and they look up at the house with great pride. The family gathers around.
192) 0) text: Clark, Eddie, Audrey, Rusty, Ruby Sue and Rocky are at th top of a suburban park sledding hill. They each have a saucer sled. Clark's on one knee with his saucer sled upside-down on the snow. He's shaking a spray can.
192) 2) dialog: Has anybody ever put it on a sled?
211) 0) text: Rusty, Audrey, Francis, Nora, Clark Sr., Art, Ruby Sue, Catherine and Rocky are at the kitchen table. The kitchen looks like an Army mess hall.
224) 0) text: It opens to reveal Clark and Rusty helping an elderly woman, AUNT BETHANY, and her husband, UNCLE LEWIS into the house. Rusty's following behind with their gifts. Uncle Lewis is in his late eighties, cranky, stooped, dressed in a tweed suit and sucking on a long cigar. Aunt Bethany's also in her late eighties, four and a half feet tall, wearing a well-worn mink stole, a polyester pant suit and a hat. She's taking two-inch steps, clinging to Clark.
225) 0) text: Ruby Sue tugs on Rusty's coat to get his attention. He looks down at her.
225) 2) dialog: That's your mom and my mom's great aunt and uncle.
227) 1) dialog: Where do you want the presents, Mom?
228) 1) dialog: Mom?
228) 3) dialog: But, Mom...
228) 8) dialog: Mom?
228) 12) dialog: This box is meowing. Clark takes the box from Rusty. He shakes it. From inside we hear a MUTED CAT'S MEOW. .
228) 17) dialog: Why would somebody wrap a cat in a box?
236) 0) text: Everyone's eating in silence. Art picks through the over- cooked food with disgust. Nora scowls at Eddie's kids' horrible table manners. Lewis power-spits. an olive pit into his hand. Bethany is eating with a huge serving fork which Francis removes from her, replacing it with a conventional fork, all of which she is oblivious to. Clark takes a bite of Jello mold. Eddie feeds the dog under the table. It CRUNCHES loudly. And tastes terrible. Clark Sr. cuts Audrey's meat for her. Rusty struggles to keep Rocky out of his food. Catherine silently apologizes for her family's manners. a
243) 0) text: Rusty holds a cigarette lighter to the circuit box. He resets the breaker and the lights go on.
245) 12) dialog: Oh, sick! I thought it was a piece of licorice Rocky spit on the wall.
254) 0) text: Audrey and Rusty are confused and upset.
254) 11) dialog: Dad's gonna flip out, right?
258) 17) dialog: We should have gone to Hawaii.
258) 19) dialog: I'll talk to him, Mom. Rusty steps off the porch and approaches Clark.
258) 20) dialog: Dad?
258) 22) dialog: He steps back.
258) 23) dialog: Good talk, Dad. Clark turns from Rusty and marches across his lawn to a blue spruce on the corner of his property. He lays the chainsaw into the trunk and yells at the top of his voice.
265) 7) dialog: Squirrel! People are running every which way, bumping into each other. Nora faints dead away in the middle of the room. Lewis' cigar ashes spray as he rams Clark Sr. Ruby Sue and Rocky are screaming at the top of their voices. The women are screaming. Art decks Francis on his way out. The squirrel goes up the drapes and leaps onto the couch.
268) 0) text: Ellen and Rusty burst into the kitchen.
296) 2) dialog: Licks it.
298) 0) text: Rusty holds up his hand to Clark. (CONTINUED)
298) 11) dialog: To the old-fashioned fun family Christmas. Clark slaps his hand. Audrey kisses him.
308) 4) text: The family freezes. Clark's on one foot, arms out, caught in mid-stride. Ellen, Clark Sr., Francis and Frank Shirley, are caught in a rising squat. Nora freezes adjusting her bra. Audrey's adjusting her underpants, Rusty's about to sneeze. Uncle Lewis is frozen holding a lighted match. Art is bent forward in pain. Rocky has a finger in his nose, Catherine in holding a hankie to Ruby Sue's nose, Eddie is adjusting his balls. Bethany continues to drink her eggnog. Snots is in the corner frozen in a half-seated position.
318) 0) text: Clark takes Ellen's hand. Ellen takes Audrey's hand. Audrey takes Rusty's hand. Rusty takes Nora's hand. Nora takes Francis's hand. Francis takes Frank Shirley's hand. And so on until everyone is holding hands.
324) 0) text: Frank and Helen, the police, the grandparents, Eddie and his family, Rusty and Audrey are crowded into the living room.. The grandmothers are serving coffee. The police commander's playing the piano and the officers are sing- ing, in less than wonderful voices, "I SAW MOMMY KISSING