8) 0) text: St. Francis de Sales Catholic School is just like any other middle school. Diverse. Modern. Noisy. Dozens of KIDS crowd the hallways, dig through lockers, socialize with FRIENDS. Oliver can’t open his locker. He tries the combination again...no dice. He looks around for help. No one makes eye contact. The tardy bell chimes. Oliver gives up, drags all his stuff with him. Rushes down the hallway. INT. BROTHER CRESPI’S CLASSROOM - MOMENTS LATER Religious Studies class. Brother Crespi stands in front of THIRTY CHATTY PRETEENS. Crespi’s in his thirties, preppy and full of new teacher idealism. Oliver stands at his side, he could pass out.
8) 1) dialog: Settle down. I know it’s hard to come back to school after three weeks of vaca...but your education must continue. Believe me, you need it. The kids settle in.
8) 2) dialog: This is Oliver. He’s joining us mid-stream here at St. Francis. We're happy to have him. Aren't we..? The CLASS speaks in unison, albeit bored and cynical.
8) 4) dialog: Such genuine caring. Okay, Oliver, why don’t you lead us in morning prayer? Shit. Oliver is frozen. The class stares.
8) 5) dialog: Everyone does it sooner or later. Oliver’s turning red. He leans in to Brother Crespi, whispers something in his ear.
8) 7) dialog: Okay. That’s good. (to the class) Oliver thinks he’s Jewish. A few KIDS speak out.
8) 9) dialog: We celebrate all religions in this classroom. That’s why we’re called... The kids complete:
8) 11) dialog: Bravo. Now, I happen to be Catholic, which is the very best religion in the world. Because we have the most rules. But some of us are Buddhist, Agnostic, Baptist, Presbyterian, Christian, and “I don’t know.” Which seems to be the fastest growing religion on the planet. And now we have Oliver. Who “thinks he’s Jewish.” Which is a new one for us as well. But...it doesn’t preclude you from morning prayer duty. Bow your heads. Heads down. Oliver has no idea where to begin. Crespi whispers to him: 18.
8) 12) dialog: Say anything you want. Doesn't have to be special. Oliver bows his head.
8) 14) dialog: (whisper) God...etc, etc.
8) 16) dialog: (whisper) Amen.
8) 19) dialog: You made it. Go grab your seat. Oliver walks to his desk.
8) 20) dialog: Let's wipe the dust off that textbook, young ones. Chapter twelve. Catholic Saints. Books shuffle. Pages turn. Oliver sits down. Beyond embarrassed.
12) 86) dialog: What is a saint? Hands go up. Never Oliver’s. He’s doodling.
12) 87) dialog: Rachele. A tiny ASIAN GIRL answers.
12) 89) dialog: Okay. That’s pretty perfect, Rachele. Thank you. Who can name a saint? Hands.
12) 90) dialog: Keesha.
12) 92) dialog: Great. He’s a classic. Jeremiah? A LATIN BOY answers.
12) 94) dialog: Good one. What’s he known for?
12) 96) dialog: He sure does. Okay, anyone know a modern day saint? Bridgette? A tall, athletic girl pipes up.
12) 98) dialog: Excellent. So...saints are human beings we celebrate for their dedication and commitment to other human beings. For their sacrifices. Their work to make society better for those around them and those that’1l come after them. A KID calls out from the back.
12) 100) dialog: Yes. I am. Thank you. Crespi turns on the Smart Board. The title on the presentation: “Saints Among Us.” 34.
12) 101) dialog: And so, our semester project is thus aptly named: “Saints Among Us.” You're going to research an actual Catholic saint that inspires you... Oliver doodles a word: “Saint.”
42) 3) dialog: Why did you chose Saint William? Throughout, Oliver clicks through slides on the Smart Board.
42) 6) dialog: Ouch. Okay. Didn’t see that coming.
42) 8) dialog: What does “saintly” mean to you?
42) 10) dialog: So you don’t think we have saints living amongst us?
42) 12) dialog: Thank you, Oliver. Oliver walks to his seat. Brother Crespi moves to the front of the class.
42) 13) dialog: Despite young Oliver’s reticence. I believe there are saints all around us today. They might never be recognized as such by a religion, but they’re every bit as important to our society as the saints in the textbook. He flips on the Smart Board: “Modern Day Saints” is the heading. 77.
42) 14) dialog: Thus, you're going to research someone you know, or know of, and determine if they have the qualities of a saint. Hence the catchy title: Modern Day Saints. Hands go up, lots of questions. EXT. VIN’S HOUSE - LATER Oliver’s walking home from school. He sees SOMEONE sitting on Vin’s steps. It’s Daka.
65) 0) text: The auditorium is packed to the gills with STUDENTS, TEACHERS, PARENTS and GUESTS. The curtain opens and Brother Crespi’s entire class walks out and takes seats behind the on-stage podium. Oliver and Ozinski sit next to each other. Friends for life. A projection screen displays the banner, “Saints Among Us.” The CROWD applauds. INT. VIN’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER Daka is driving like a nut. Vin’s white knuckled. He tries to light a cigarette. Daka swipes it from his mouth, tosses it out the window.
66) 0) text: Brother Crespi steps up to the podium and announces the next speaker.
66) 1) dialog: Our next speaker is Mr. Oliver Bronstein. The CROWD claps. Maggie hoots from her seat. She’s sitting next to ex-husband David. They may end up civil. Oliver walks up to the podium. Strong. Courageous. A different kid than the one who couldn’t utter a word in front of his class. He clears his throat. 104.