42) 0) text: A fashionable area. Expensive shops, well-kept streets an sidewalks. A television store has caught Chance's eye. He stands by the display window, looks in at a dozen or so c TVs, all turned on, playing various channels. A video cam points outward from a corner of the window and is focused the sidewalk to allow potential customers to see themselv live on an Advent TV. Chance is intrigued by his own imag He poses, lifts one arm, then the other to make sure that is really him on television. He moves forward, smiles, th moves slowly backward, notices himself become smaller on screen. He steps back off the curb, frowns as his likenes disappears from frame on the Advent. Standing between two parked cars, Chance takes out his remote control, clicks at the Advent. Four or five other sets in the window chan channels, but he does not reappear on the giant screen. A does this, the car to his,left, a large, American-made limousine, backs up. The car bumps Chance, pins him again the car to his right. Chance cries out in pain, drops his suitcase, his changer, and bangs his hand on the trunk of limo. The chauffeur, DAVID, and the liveryman, JEFFREY, immediately jump from the car, run back to Chance.
42) 1) dialog: I'm very sorry, sir... I... David and Jeffrey reach out to help, but Chance is wedged solidly between the two cars.
42) 4) dialog: (rushes back to limo)
42) 10) text: It's very sore. David gets out of the car, comes back.
42) 11) dialog: Perhaps I should call an ambulance. A BYSTANDER interrupts.
42) 27) dialog: I'm terribly sorry, Mrs. Rand, I never saw the man.
42) 29) dialog: Thank you, ma'am. Chance is hesitant about getting in the car. Jeffrey offe helping hand.
42) 33) text: I assure you, sir, David is a very careful driver. Please, won't you let us take you?
43) 14) text: David, we'll just go on home. Jeffrey, would you call and let them know?
153) 5) text: David! David starts up the limousine.
155) 0) text: Allenby and Eve search for Chance as David drives along a narrow road through the woods. Jeffrey, sitting in front, suddenly calls out.