42) 0) text: A fashionable area. Expensive shops, well-kept streets an sidewalks. A television store has caught Chance's eye. He stands by the display window, looks in at a dozen or so c TVs, all turned on, playing various channels. A video cam points outward from a corner of the window and is focused the sidewalk to allow potential customers to see themselv live on an Advent TV. Chance is intrigued by his own imag He poses, lifts one arm, then the other to make sure that is really him on television. He moves forward, smiles, th moves slowly backward, notices himself become smaller on screen. He steps back off the curb, frowns as his likenes disappears from frame on the Advent. Standing between two parked cars, Chance takes out his remote control, clicks at the Advent. Four or five other sets in the window chan channels, but he does not reappear on the giant screen. A does this, the car to his,left, a large, American-made limousine, backs up. The car bumps Chance, pins him again the car to his right. Chance cries out in pain, drops his suitcase, his changer, and bangs his hand on the trunk of limo. The chauffeur, DAVID, and the liveryman, JEFFREY, immediately jump from the car, run back to Chance.
42) 6) dialog: This is terrible, sir -  I hope you're not badly injured...
42) 8) dialog: Can you walk? It's not broken, is it?
42) 14) text: There's no need for police, it's just my leg. During this, the rear door of the limo opens and EVE RAND steps out. Eve is in her late thirties, has the look of a traditional New England lady. She watches as Jeffrey tend Chance.
42) 15) dialog: I don't think we should call anyone just yet, it may not even be all that serious.
42) 18) dialog: Let's have a look, do you mind?
42) 20) dialog: It's starting to swell, is it painful?
42) 30) dialog: Please, sir.
42) 32) dialog: (a beat)
42) 36) dialog: Very good. Jeffrey assists Chance into the rear seat of the limo.
42) 39) dialog: Yes sir. I'll take care of that. Jeffrey closes the door, goes back to pick up Chance's suitcase, does not notice the remote control. As Jeffrey Chance's bag into the trunk, we see the personalized lice plate "RAND l."
43) 0) text: Chance and Eve settle in the back seat. As they talk, Dav starts up the limo, Jeffrey joins him in front and the li pulls out into traffic.
43) 14) text: David, we'll just go on home. Jeffrey, would you call and let them know?
43) 15) dialog: Yes ma'am. Eve presses a button, the glass partition closes. As the window rolls up behind him, Jeffrey dials the limo teleph There is a moment of silence. Eve, still a bit on edge fr the accident and feeling a bit uncomfortable with a stran in the car, presses another button. The limo's bar moves revealing a row of decanters and glasses.
47) 0) text: Two uniformed valets, WILSON and PERKINS, await the limousines by the front door of the Rand mansion. Wilson stands behind a wheelchair. As the limo parks, Perkins an Jeffrey assist Chance into the chair. Wilson turns to Eve she gets out of the limo.
60) 0) text: Eve comes out of the house, Jeffrey holds the door for he she gets into "RAND l." Jeffrey gets in and the limo pull away. Chance comes out of the front door, walking with a limp. His first view of the Rand grounds in the daylight, is taken by the extent of the greenery. An attendant, LEW hurries to Chance.
92) 0) text: The RAND 1 limousine parks in front of the station. As Jeffrey opens the door for Chance, MORTON HULL steps to t limo.
124) 0) text: The RAND 1 limousine pulls up to Sophie's house. Jeffrey opens the door for Eve and Chance. He wears Ben's tuxedo, is in a formal gown. The press is waiting, a couple of reporters, 5 photographers and a mini-cam crew from local station gather around Eve and Chance.
150) 0) text: Jeffrey stands holding the door for Eve and Allenby, all other cars have gone. Eve is worried, gets into the car.
155) 0) text: Allenby and Eve search for Chance as David drives along a narrow road through the woods. Jeffrey, sitting in front, suddenly calls out.
155) 1) dialog: Look! About 100 yards ahead of them, Chance crosses the road, continues on down a hill.