7) 0) text: A large dropcloth is over the dining room table and chair It is neatly folded back at one end, leaving one chair an place setting uncovered. A small portable color TV is nex the place setting. Chance enters, puts his laundry bag on a covered table ne the doorway. He sits at the dining room table, turns on t TV, and carefully unfolds his napkin, puts it on his lap he watches the screen. LOUISE, an elderly black maid, ent with a tray of food and Chance's clean laundry.
7) 1) dialog: (sets dinner before Chance)
7) 4) text: ... Good evening, Louise. Louise sets Chance's clean clothes on the small table, pi up his laundry bag.
7) 5) dialog: ... The Old Man is getting weaker, Chance.
7) 8) dialog: I'm afraid he's slippin' a bit with every hour that goes by... Chance, his manners impeccable, concentrates on the TV as eats. A buzzer SOUNDS, Louise looks upstairs.
7) 9) dialog: ... Back up those stairs - damn... That Man's needin' me more and more just before he never needs me again...
7) 11) text: Is his back feeling better? Louise gives Chance a look.
7) 12) dialog: ... Gobbledegook... You and your gobbledegook. You're gonna be the death of me yet, Chance... (she turns to leave)
7) 13) text: ... Unless those stairs are... The Good Lord's liable to snatch up two unwillin' souls at the same time if I keep on trampin' up those stairs... I don't want none of that... Louise disappears through the doorway. Chance continues t eat and watch TV.
14) 0) text: Repeating his ritual, Chance enters the dining room, sits turns on the TV, carefully spreads his napkin on his lap. watches the screen for a moment, then turns, expecting Louise. She doesn't appear, so he turns back, watches TV. After a few beats, Chance hears Louise's footsteps hurryi down the stairs. She comes into the dining room, visibly distraught. Chance looks up, smiles.
14) 2) dialog: (out of breath)
14) 6) dialog: Must of happened durin' the night, I don't know... Lord, he wasn't breathin' and as cold as a fish. I touched him, just to see, and you believe me, Chance - that's doin' more than I get paid to do... Then I just covered him up, pulled the sheet over his head...
14) 9) dialog: Then I got the hell out of that room and called the doctor and I think I woke him probably, he wasn't any too alert. He just said, 'Yeah, he's been expectin' it and said he'd send somebody over...' Lord, what a mornin'!
14) 11) text: ... Yes, Louise, it's snowing in the garden today. Have you looked outside and seen the snow? It's very white. A beat of silence from Louise, then anger.
14) 12) dialog: Dammit, Boy! Is that all you got to say? More gobbledegook?  (Chance smiles, is silent)
14) 15) text: Yes, Louise. I have seen it often. It happens to old people.
14) 16) dialog: Well, ain't that the truth...
14) 18) dialog: Oh, Lord, Chance - I don't know what I was expectin' from you... I'm sorry for yellin' like I did... No sir, I just don't know what I was expectin' ...  (Chance doesn't react, watches TV)
14) 22) dialog: (rises, looks upstairs)
14) 26) text: I'm going to work in the garden. Louise gives Chance a long look, then turns to leave.
14) 27) dialog: (as she goes)
18) 0) text: It has stopped snowing. Chance, wearing a hat, the garden apron over his suit and boots, putters in the garden. Lou comes out of the main house. She is dressed warmly, a sca over her head, a heavy coat. Chance sees her, tips his ha Louise exactly like the man he saw on television.
18) 1) dialog: ... Well, ain't you the gentleman this mornin'... (a pause)
18) 5) dialog: You're gonna need somebody, someone's gotta be around for you, boy...  (he keeps working)
18) 9) text: ... Goodbye, Chance... Louise gives his shoulder a squeeze, turns and moves towa the house.
18) 11) text: Goodbye, Louise. Louise waves as she enters the townhouse. Chance tips his once again as she disappears.
19) 0) text: Louise enters the hallway, picks up a couple of suit case waiting by the door. She stops as she sees TWO MEN in whi carrying a stretcher down the main staircase. She notices ease with which they bring the Old Man's body down the stairs.
19) 1) dialog: ... He used to be a big man... 'Spose he wasted away to about nothin'...  (a beat - then she talks to the body of the old Man)
19) 2) text: ... I guess I'll be goin' off to find me some folks, Old Man... I'm not batty enough to stay around this neighborhood any longer... The stretcher bearers move to the front door. Louise step front of them.
19) 3) dialog: (to stretcher bearers)
19) 4) text: Wait up! I'm goin' out that door first. Louise takes one more look at the covered body, then open the front door, leaves.
22) 0) text: Chance, wearing the slippers, enters and sits at his plac He turns on the TV, puts the napkin on his lap. He watche for a moment, then turns, looks for Louise. She does not appear so he resumes watching TV. He changes channels, vi a wildly exciting FOOTBALL game. At a peak in the excitem he again switches channels. Chance watches TV News covera of the PRESIDENT of the United States greeting foreign dignitaries at the White House. CLOSE SHOTS on television reveal that the President uses two-handed handshake when meeting his guests. Unconscious Chance grips one hand with the other, the scene on TV see to have 'sunk into' his mind.
24) 0) text: Chance still watches TV, waits for Louise to serve him. Franklin and Hayes appear in the doorway of the dining ro They are both surprised to see Chance.
77) 22) text: ... And what about Louise? YOU mentioned that she had gone, were you close to her also?
107) 2) text: ... It is the gardener's responsibility to take water from the flooded area and run it to the area that is dry. It is the gardener's responsibility not to plant a sun-loving flower in the shade of a high wall... During the preceding speech, Louise, the maid from the Ol Man's house, chatters.
107) 3) dialog: Gobbledegook! All the time he talked gobbledegook! An' it's for sure a White man's world in America, hell, I raised that boy since he was the size of a pissant an' I'll say right now he never learned to read an' write - no sir! Had no brains at all, was stuffed with rice puddin' between the ears! Shortchanged by the Lord and dumb as a jackass an' look at him now! Yes, sir - all you gotta be is white in America an' you get whatever you want! Just listen to that boy - gobbledegook! There is a chorus of "Amens" as she finishes.