47) 0) text: Two uniformed valets, WILSON and PERKINS, await the limousines by the front door of the Rand mansion. Wilson stands behind a wheelchair. As the limo parks, Perkins an Jeffrey assist Chance into the chair. Wilson turns to Eve she gets out of the limo.
47) 1) dialog: Good evening, Mrs. Rand.
47) 3) dialog: I shall take the gentleman to the third floor guest suite, ma'am. Dr. Allenby is standing by.
48) 0) text: Once inside the house, Wilson takes over wheeling Chance. lady, GRETA, is waiting to take Eve's coat.
48) 3) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
48) 7) text: Yes, I think he should examine my leg. Eve watches as Wilson wheels Chance around a corner.
49) 0) text: The doors open, Wilson pushes Chance into the elevator. A Wilson pushes a button and the doors close on them, a str look comes over Chance's face.
49) 2) text: ... I've never been in one of these. Wilson thinks that Chance is talking about the wheelchair
49) 3) dialog: It's one of Mr. Rand's. Since he's been ill... Chance looks around the elevator.
49) 5) dialog: (laughs)
49) 9) dialog: How long? I don't know, see what the doctor says ... The elevator stops on the third floor.
52) 40) text: I'll send Wilson up to take you for X-rays, Mr. Gardiner. Feel free to use the telephone, and please let me know if you have any discomfort.
54) 0) text: The elevator door opens, Wilson guides Chance in the wheelchair into the hallway.
54) 3) dialog: (laughs)
54) 6) text: Yes. It seems to be. Wilson takes this as another joke, chuckles as he wheels Chance toward Rand's hospital room.
55) 0) text: CONSTANCE and another nurse, TERESA, stand by as Rand is being given a transfusion. Rand lifts his head as Wilson wheels Chance into the room.
55) 3) text: ... I see. Wilson pushes Chance to the X-Ray machine, where the technician, BILLINGS, a Black man, waits. As Wilson and Billings help Chance onto the X-Ray table, Chance's face brightens up.
57) 0) text: Allenby opens the door. Rand enters in his electric wheelchair followed by Chance being pushed by Wilson.
58) 0) text: Wilson stands behind Chance in the wheelchair. Chance gla slowly and inquisitively around the elevator. When his ey meet Wilson's, the valet breaks out in laughter.
58) 1) dialog: (laughing, trying to apologize) 
59) 0) text: Wilson wheels Chance out of the elevator.
59) 3) dialog: (laughs again)
59) 4) text: ... Yes sir - elevator! Wilson stops laughing, becomes the stone-faced servant on again as he notices Eve coming out of her bedroom. Wilson stops wheeling Chance, stands stiffly at attention as Eve Chance talk.
60) 8) text: Please, sit in the chair. Wilson pushes the wheelchair to Chance, he sits.
63) 0) text: Wilson is at the head of eight servants lined up on the f steps. Two black PLYMOUTH SEDANS pull up and park. EIGHT in grey business suits get out. One of them, WOLTZ, goes directly to Wilson.
63) 2) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Woltz, nice to see you again.
63) 4) dialog: Fine, thank you. (hands Woltz paper)
70) 0) text: Woltz and Wilson wait by the library door. Woltz takes a small metal detector from his pocket as Rand and Chance approach.
70) 10) text: Thank you very much. Wilson knocks lightly, then opens the library door, Rand Chance enter.
76) 0) text: Rand has an arm around Chance, hangs on for dear life as two of them walk through the hall. Behind them, Wilson an Perkins push empty wheelchairs.
116) 0) text: The household staff is lined up on the front steps, applauding Chance as he steps from the limousine. Chance accepts the plaudit, though does not understand the reaso As he nears the steps, Perkins and Wilson step forward.
116) 1) dialog: An outstanding speech, sir.