0) 48) dialog: Ido...
0) 56) text: High Noon §1 AMy (embarransed but amused) Will -- 1 . » DOANE All those people... . He leads her avay from the doorway tovard his desk, vhere bis holster and guns hang from a hook.
0) 58) dialog: Trmow. .. They are facing each other now, their eyes holding, very conscious of each other.
0) 63) text: They'LL be along before you Leave. Amy is watching Deane vith quiet understanding.
0) 70) text: ee al HENDERSON (Cont'a.) > feel completely free to say -- and 1 the Judge will bear me out -— E (ne grins jovially : .“ for bis punch line) . t- that this town will be perfectly & safe until tomerrov: ... Deane joins in the general laughter. His eyea neat Amy's , EE end vhen he speaks it is to her. . ms (rustuliy) ‘= ruefully . ‘ = You vin. . , (to the others) ‘ Sut don't ever marry a Quaker. = She'll bave you running « store... ne : FULLER : be Pad Can't quite picture you doing that, ' aur Lo , (quietly) Team... i ROWE zs} (soberly) - by So can I. And a geod thing, toc.
0) 75) text: Swittly be sweeps Amy off her feet and holds her aloft. 54 High Noon
0) 76) dialog: Will, Let me down:
0) 78) dialog: (Laughing) Let me down, you fool: Then she gives in, and Doane lets her down. Grinning, ne takes off his badge emi ping it to his holster on the wall. The street door opens loudly, and as they turn to it, the Stationmaster hurries in.
0) 81) dialog: What is ts, Will?
0) 118) dialog: Woy are you stopping?
0) 121) dialog: Then Lat’s go on “~ hurry!
0) 123) dialog: (trantic) Who? . . . I don't understand any of this.
0) 132) dialog: Then don't go tack, Will...
0) 146) text: ALL finished, Mr. Thompson. “ frag You look just fines... ae Sk-55. OUT. ° “= Ee. 56~ UME. MARSHAL'S OPFICE, Amy and Doane come in, and 60. goes quickly to where his gune bang on the wall. Amy oft watches bin as he buckles them on. His mimi is alread e in the future, and she knows it. Nevertheless, she parseveres. Aur Please, Will -— ! & Deane looks at her, then goes on, Ss Aur =n (desperately) om Tf you'd only tell ne what this ia all about...
0) 150) text: Cs know how. Amyway, it Looks like & be's coming back. ant E T still don't understand --
0) 154) dialog: That ves part of your job. That's finished sow. They've got a caw marshal --
0) 156) dialog: That isn't so.
0) 160) dialog: We could reach -~
0) 165) text: Dosne's face stops hin. High Noon DOANE (Cont'd.) store, Amy. They'd come after us. We'd have to run again. Long as we live. .~
0) 166) dialog: No, we wouldn't -- not if they didn't know where to find us: tightens. He starts toward the door. Amy AMY . WILL, I'm begging you -- please: .. - fat's go... et
0) 168) dialog: (angry) Den't try to be a hero! You don't pave to be a hero <= not for me!
0) 172) dialog: (harshly) Do you? 64 High Noon
0) 180) dialog: IT know <= you think I’m just Saying tt - because I'm engry. But Iomean it: If you won't go vith me now -~ I'll be om that train when it leaves here... Their ayes meet ami hold.
0) 202) dialog: (puzzled) Te the train stops?
0) 204) dialog: Tsee. .. . Thank you... She turns and starts cut. (sincerely) t'u awful sorry about thia, Mrs. Doane. . . . Bat the Marshal can handle himself alright. (wryly) Thank you very much... She goes cut of scene. EXT. PLATFORM -- GROUP SHOT == JORDAN, PIERCE AND COLSY. Milt ts looking off, and when Amy appears in the b.¢. and goes to the buckboard, he follows her with bis eyes. 70 High Noon
0) 223) dialog: (sursing away) ‘Thank you.
0) 227) dialog: (sharply) Yes. CLERK. (skepticably) But your husband ain't?
0) 228) dialog: (seudying bin) Fo. Way?
0) 336) text: 108. EXT HOTEL, 4s Deane nears the hotel, he sees the - Duckboamt hitched before it. His face brightens ami bis pace quickens. 1L0g= DMT. HOTEL LOESY. Amy, sitting near the vindov, see iho. Doane apgreaching. Believing he is coming to her, sh is overjoyed. Rising, she hurries to the door, and is there waiting for him when he comes in. Doane takes har arms im his happily.
0) 338) text: oC : Amy, you changed your mind -- Amy stares up at him, the Joy ebbing cut of her eyes as she begins to understand him. She disengsges her arns. . (duly) I'd thought you had changed yours... . Bo, Will, I have ay S bdokeat 2... eS
0) 344) text: Doane looks at him, turns and goes to the stairs. 9 sO (meaningly) | Think you can find it alright? Doane doemn't answer. He starts up the stairs. The - Clerk grins. Amy 1s watching Deane as he goes, puzzled. lu. TNT, STAIRWAY -- om Doene es he mounts the stairs. 2 = . TT, HALL -- on Doane as he comes to the landing and , = goes to Helen's door. He knocks. ~ 13. THT, HELEN'S HEDROOM. She is packing as she hears r Doane's knock. be
0) 368) text: Clers takes his vatch out, checks {t with the clock, leoks at Rim, then turns end goes to the door. As he passes her, Amy averts her heed. Without breaking stride, Doane goes out. Lal. WO, SALOON. Milt Jordan approaches the saloon and goes inside. 122. TR. SALOON. The mmm cf conversation and cards stops as the oen recognize Milt. Unconcerned, be gees to the ber, takes out a silver dollar.
0) 380) dialog: (trying to cover her enbarrasnent) May I ask you semething?
0) 507) text: re ze Disgusted, he whistles for bis horse. t La QUICK DISSOLVE TO: 176. ‘DAD, HOTEL LOBBY. ‘The front door bangs open, and H strides in, Liquor-flushed. Again Amy has looked up hope- fully. She recognizes Harvey, ‘out he is too full of his errant to see her. Ignoring the Clerk as well, he goes o across the lobby ami up the stairs. im, ae (artiy) re There's enother one of Mrs. bs Ramizet's frienis .. .
0) 508) text: = (puzzled) On? 2. ir grinning) Yep... . I'd say she's got some explaining to do when that train gets in. .- Amy looks at him with increasing dislike, tut she is very tuoughtful as she turns avey. LTT- TRE, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. She is potting the final to 82. to ber packing as « knock sounds on the door.
0) 548) text: a (to Minister) ‘ It's true I haven't been « church- = going man, end that's meybe a bad = thing. And I vaen't merried here today because my wife's... — (he suddenly remembers a Amy with a pang of pain)
0) 658) dialog: (quietly) Excuse te -- (then, as the Clerk locks at her) What ia Mes. Ramirez’ room number? The Clerk looks at her, Then « glitter of amsement cones
0) 675) text: High Noon 127 The door opens, and Amy stands in the doorvay. Helen and Sam stare at her in surprise, and Amy remains rooted there, comfused by Sam's presence and her first sight of Helen. Helen recovers first.
0) 681) dialog: No, thank ym...
0) 684) dialog: Tt wasn't easy for me to come here... = Ee 128 High Noca HELEy (unrelenting) Way?
0) 685) dialog: \ (meeting the issue) Leek, Mrs. Ramirez . . . Will and ft were tarvied an hour ago -- ve 1 were all packed and ready to . leave. . . . Then this thing happened, a and he wouldn't go. I did every- thing -- I plasded. I threatened ' him —~ I couldn't reack kim. Helen has been listening intently, watching Amy's face. And sow? ae ‘ (quietly) That ann downstairs — the clerk -- he said things about you andi Will... . I’ve been trying to understand why he wouldn't go away with ne. Now 1 all, I can think of {3 that it's got to be because of you.
0) 687) dialog: Let him go: He's still gota chance = let him go! There is a pause. Helen has 4 brier inner struggle, then decides to te honest. (flatly) IT can't help you.
0) 688) dialog: Flease . ..
0) 698) text: High Noon 129 RELES (Cont’d.) haven't spoken to him for a year -- until today. I told him to go. I'm Leaving on the same train you are... Amy stares at her, believing her. But vith belief, her econfusion returns. Amy Then vhat is it? Why?
0) 701) dialog: (quietly, with great dignity) No, Mes. Ramiree. I've heard guns. My father and ay brother were killed ty guns. They vere on the right side, but it didn't help them when the shooting Started. My brother was aineteen. T watched bim die. . . . That's when I became a Quaker <= because every other religion said it vas alright for people to kill eack other at least cuce in a while. . . . 2 don't care who's right or wrong! There's got to be some bettar way for people to live! . oo eee nein tenement tet ee . 130 High Noon Sue starts cut again.
0) 706) dialog: (reacting to the sympathy : im her tone) Thank you. Iwill... ‘sf Ir bed 1 She comes forward into the room again, sees the chair H has offered her before, hesitates an instant, then sits 1 down. Helen takes another chair. For « nement the silen ‘ is strained again. Amy looks down at the arms of the ch she is sitting in, realizing that Will must have sat here many times in the past. Her eyes go about the reca, amt
0) 707) text: b finally reach Helen. Helen 1s aware of vhat Amy is thinki 1° She nods in quiet affirmation. Amy takes it. = t 263. INT. STABLE. Doane has recovered and is on his fee ; His face is still marked and bloedstained, but he is a attempting with his battered hands to bring some senblanc of order to his clothing. Finished, be looks down at his bruised muckles and fingers, then starts cut. Seeing 4 backet of vater, he stogs, looks tack where Harvey is sti lying unconscious on the stable floor, picks up the bucke goes to Harvay end douses his limp body with it. ‘Then be tosses the bucket aside and goes cut. = 264, EXT, STABLE —- TRUCK SHOT -~ on Doane as be comes ou stable and moves vearily up the street to the cain street and turns the corner into it. 4 265. EXY. BARBER SHOP. Doane approaches it and goes in. 266- INT. PARHER SHOP. ‘The Server, alone in the shop, is 268. his instruments in a cupboard as Deane comes in. The the SOUND cf hammering from the rear. —_
0) 821) text: mn LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT ~ Aa he crosses the Last "T" he pauses. In the silence th r lout ticking of the clock can be beard. Deliverately, h =e draws a line under the words. 4 142 High Noon ~ 296. INT. SALCON. ALL the Men are silently vatching the c 2oT- INT. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. Amy is still im the chair, 300. im her thoughts. Helen (s standing at the window, lo down into the street. HELaY =e Where are you going vhen you = leave town? os Home. St. Louis... ” mz
0) 854) text: High Noon 145 Xf. MARTIN HOWE'S HOUSE. ‘rain whistle OVER. Hove sits im his chair, Listening. DM. SALCON, ‘rain whistle OVER. The Men Listen. DST. HELEN'S PRONT ROOM, Train vhistle OVER. Helen and Amy listen. The vhistle dies. DWT. DOANE'S GFFICE. He vaits. Ext. STATION, Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait. There is still no sign cf the train. They look at each other tensely. INT. STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE, He stands Footed, waiting. INT. SELEY'S FRONT ROOM. Amy amt Helen look at each other their eyes asking the question they are afraid to speek. THT. SALOON. ‘The Men tegin to look at each other wooder- ingly. DWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane waits. EXT, COUNTRYSIDE -- on the moving train. TWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, 02a Doane Weiting. Ee starts to Pot down the pen he has been holding, end now, louder than before, the third viristle blasts OVER the scenes. Deane quivers. The breath he has been holding escapes ine long scumtlass sigh. ZXT. RAILROAD STATION. Jordan, Pierce and Colby look at each cther in triumph. In the distance, the train becomes visible. ONT. SALOON, As the vhistle dies, the Men Stampede cut, The saloon is empty. Pron outside, we hear the click of Giliis' key in the lock, see the knob tums es he tries it UME, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM, Helen and Amy are both on their feet, and Sam has Helen's bag. ‘They nove muably toward the door.
0) 856) dialog: Of course... They start out. Iff. MARSHAL'S OPPICE. Doane signs bis name to what he hes written, folda it, then writes on it: ‘30 BS OPENED IN TSE EVENT oF Mt DEATH. He places the folded testament in the center of tis desk, and then puts the cartridge box on it for a peper-weight. He rises, takes a deep breath. EXT. HOTEL, The Clerk is closing the metal shutters. They clang into place. SERIES OF SHOTS -- cf shutters, windows ami doors being closed all. cver town. EY. RAILROAD STATION, Jordan, Pierce ami Colby watch es the approaching train draws nearer. The noise cf ita engine end wheels can be heard plainly now. ‘DME. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Deane takes a last lock arcund the office amd goes cut. ‘EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE -= as Doane emerges into the sumli He looks arcund. EXY, SOIREE -- FROM DOANE'S POINT OF VIEW. It 1s complete deserted. CAMERA FANS to other extreme of the street. Tt, too, 1s eapty. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE. He miles mirthlessly. Suddenly, there is the SOUND of horses’ hocves, and be turns. EXt. STREET. ‘The tuckboard, Amy driving and Helen beside her, comes down the street toward Doane. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE -~ as he sees and recognizes then. MED. CLOSE SHOT -~ AMY AND HELEN -- as they see Doane. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE -= as he watches them approach. CLOSEUP -= HELEN. ‘She is at her best. Her eyes are looking directly toward Doane, and there is a faint Bod fraj fe bi Bey é La Bak ka Bed Gea
0) 860) text: reg BM, rey’ re € wt BL. jhe 343. 35. High Noon 147 smile cn her lips. CLOSED? — AMY. She has never locked nore beautiful. Her eyes avoid Doane's. . CLOSEUP ~~ DOANE -- as he stares 0.8. at life itselr. EXT, MARSEAL'S OFFICE «+ as the buckboard aveeps past Doane. We see that Sam is sitting im the back among the luggage. It passes cut of scene, MED. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE == as he locks efter the buckboa Then, with an effort, be pulls himself together, takes out bis watch and locks at the time. EXD. RAILROAD STATION. ‘The train pulls in. Conductors alight. Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait impatiently. Then, One of the car doors opens, and a moment Later GUY JORDAN steps out inte the sunlight. He is « big man, pale, but dangerous looking, implacable. ‘The three nen hurry to Rim. Smiling, they extend their hanis to bim. Jorden is not surprised to see then. He shakes hands unsmilingly, then moves off to a nore seclided portion of the platform They follow hin. EXT. QEATION -- ANOTHER ANGLE == as the buckboard drives izto the.station yard ami stops near the tracks. Sam Jwsps down and begins to unlcad the luggage, and Amy and Helen climb down. GROUP gHoT. Jordan extends his band inquiringly to Milt. Sailing, Milt hands him two guns. Guy takes no chances. He checks beth guns. ‘Then, locking up, ais Glance goes 0.3, ant is caught there. EXT. RAILROAD CAR. Sem is helping Amy up the steps, Ag she goes in and he extents an arm to Helen, ake looks off toward Guy. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- GUY JORDAN -< as his eyes meet Helen's MED. CLOSE SHOT -- HELEN. Her eyes meet Guy's calmly. Then, taking her tine, she climbs the ateps into the car. GROUP SHOT. Guy watches her disappear without expression. Nothing can interfere with the business at hami. He nods to the others, and starts out of the station. They follow him. 148 High Noon 350. 351. 352. 353. 354. 353. 356. 357. THT. RAILROAD CAR. Amy 1s sitting by the vindow, pale, tense. Helen is beside her on the aisle, Sam pitting away the last of the Luggage. He comes to Helen and they lock at each other in silence. It is a difficult parting for both of then.
0) 899) text: = hog, High Noon 153 EXO. CEMETERY. On Deane as Colby exposes himselz. Doane shoots, end brings him down. TNT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Amy is slumped at Doane's desk, past tears now, Doane's cpen testament crumpled in her handa. The SCUND of o.s. firing begins to come closer. Sensing it, she rises and burries to the window. Through it, she now sees Doane running inte the street. EXD. STREET. Deane is rigzagging dewn the street. Pierce appears at the far end cf the street behind him, amd then woddenly Jordan comes into view in the f.g. They have hin ia a crossfire again. EXt. SALOON. Deane heads for it, bangs against the door. Tt {a locked. Bullets pockmark the door eroumd him. With @ supreme effort, he charges the door end smashes it in, falling inside. CLOSE SHOT -- AMY -~ as abe sees what 12 happening. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- JORDAN -~ as he fires. MED, CLOSE SHOT -- PIERCE -- as he fires. - ~ OMT. SALOON. Doane squats on the floor, athsusted. EX. STREET. Pierce makes his vay carefully along the street, firing es he goes. He reaches the Marshal's office, and shoots toward the saloon. TMT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy Locks cn in horror as she sees Pierce through the windew, a scant few feet from her, sho at the salcen. She locks about wildly, beside herself, th sees Harvey's guaa hanging on the vall. ‘Then, deliberate abe goes to them, takes dewn e« gun, amd goes to the wind Pierce's back is only two or three feet eway past the vin Amy lifts the gun, holds it steady with both hands. EXT, STHEET -~ cn Pierce, with Amy visible in the -b.g. Pierce shoots, takes aim egain. Then Amy's gun gces off, and Pierce tumbles face forvard te the ground. DMT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy reels ami clings to the ahattered window for support. TNT. SALOON. Deane, at the window, now, stares out into t street in surprise. He cannot see into his office, but 184 HighNoon , &Lo. bu. bia. 413. kuh, kus. ks. 4LT. 41g. Pierce's bedy is plainly visible. Still, it may be « ruse EXI. STREET -~ ON JORDAN =~ az he stares off toward Plerc bedy. Then he dashes toward the elley. Xt. ALLEY. Jordan runs up the alley. EXT. REAR OF MARSEAL'S CPFICE. Jordan goes stealthily to a window, sees Amy and that she is alone, Ze gees to the door. It is open. He opens it quietly and leaps in. INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy Looks up vith a start as Jorda Jumps into the roca, his gon ready. Exhausted, she can on starml thers as Jordan darts across the Toom, dashes the from her band amt grabs her. Holding her in tront of him, be pushes her cut towerd the street. DRE. SALOON. SHOOTING PAST Doane inte the street, as he s Jordan, with Amy as @ shield, come cut of the office and toward hin. EXD. STREET <= on Jordan end Amy.
0) 912) text: hige hal. High Noon 155 EX. GISEET, As the chair hurtles through, Jordan fires a burst of shots. Wildly, Amy reaches up vith her free claws at his face and eyes. Jordan flings her hin and sabe lands in the street. Dcane steps it of the saloon, firing as he comes. Jordan other gun up. Doane staggers from « bullet shoulder, but keeps shcoting, and Jordan goes down, slipping from his fingers. For «coment, Deane iredly egainst the building. Then he goes to Amy. ps her up, amd they cling to each other silently. o- STRERT. Prom everywhere, people begin to the street, core ami core of then. They look and Amy in silence. e ree Ha aE aie ag 3 hh Ext. STREET. Doane amit Amy become aware cf the pecple. Deane pulls himself together. He drops his gums in the street, takes off his gun-belt emi lets it fll. Deliberat off his badge and drops it to the dust. The Drunk enters the scene, pulling the buckboart horses. Seeing th Waekboeri, Doane guides Amy to it, helps her in, then cli up after her. He nods to the Drunk, who steps away, then takes the reins end starts the horses. The crow gives way the 0.g. The crow! remains silent. ‘The buckboard passes out of view. . es