0) 19) text: aya. ak, 25. Grinning, he hands JOE the key. EXT. STREET. On a bench in the 2.8, @ Little barefoot Mexican toy lies asleep. PAST him, the Three Men ride in and out of the scene. Above the veist they are out of frames, but their holster-guns and the rifles secured So their saddles are in plain and emphatic view. ‘The Little boy sleeps on. IVT. MAREERSHOP -- SHOOTING TO STREET. ‘The Barber is shaving « cman.
0) 113) dialog: That's a amart man...
0) 116) text: They part, the Statiommaster going on down the street, th Barber returning into his shep. hd 4 ge re 58 High Noon 49.
0) 143) dialog: How many coffins ve got?
0) 707) text: b finally reach Helen. Helen 1s aware of vhat Amy is thinki 1° She nods in quiet affirmation. Amy takes it. = t 263. INT. STABLE. Doane has recovered and is on his fee ; His face is still marked and bloedstained, but he is a attempting with his battered hands to bring some senblanc of order to his clothing. Finished, be looks down at his bruised muckles and fingers, then starts cut. Seeing 4 backet of vater, he stogs, looks tack where Harvey is sti lying unconscious on the stable floor, picks up the bucke goes to Harvay end douses his limp body with it. ‘Then be tosses the bucket aside and goes cut. = 264, EXT, STABLE —- TRUCK SHOT -~ on Doane as be comes ou stable and moves vearily up the street to the cain street and turns the corner into it. 4 265. EXY. BARBER SHOP. Doane approaches it and goes in. 266- INT. PARHER SHOP. ‘The Server, alone in the shop, is 268. his instruments in a cupboard as Deane comes in. The the SOUND cf hammering from the rear. —_
0) 715) dialog: Why, sure, Marshal -- (then, Looking at ~ him more closely) Sure, sure... (he motions to the chair) Sit down Deane goes over to it ami sinks into it. The Barber draws goue vater, staring over his shoulder at Doane. He gets a towel and soaks it in the water.
0) 741) dialog: (calling out) Alright, Pred. Go ahead... EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane approaches the office, eyes narroved against the glare of the mm. He sees that his note still flutters on the door. He rips it otf, starts in, then stops end locks up at the sky. FULL SHOT — SEY. The glaring vhite-hot ball of fire is almost exactly at its tenith. If hangs there, beleful, merciless, MED, CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE. He squints, rubs his eyes, goes into his office. OWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Saker, armed, is pacing the floor tensely. Ine or the room, almost hidden in the i shadow, the Loy bad Sent to find the selectmen is standing. Seker turns quickly es Doane comes in and tries to accustom his eyes to the change in Light.