0) 8) text: wh fF li) BSA 1s, a5. LT. 19. LGA. High Neon 45 to pour himself a glass of beer from a nearby can, the Taree Riders pass. He looks after them with frowning recognition. CLOSE SHOT --AHOIHER MAN -- staring o.s. at the passing riders, Troubled, he wipes his dripping forehead. HEAD-ON TRUCK SHOT -~ on Jordan, Pleree and Colvy. They keep their eyes focused ahead of them, almost contenp~ tuogusly easy in their saddles tut unvaveringly purposefu EXT. STREET -- SHOOTING TOWARD THE HOTEL <- far up she wtreet, as the three men approach it. The shutters of & second<story vindow open, and the figure of a Woman can be seen. ° MED. CLOSE SHOT -~ HELEN RAMINEZ -- through the window in her sitting-room. She is in negligee, still Llanguorcus from sleep, her long black hair cascading down over her sboulders. She stretches lururicusly. There is the o.s. SOUND of the approaching horses. HARVEY FELL enters the scene from behind her, and dravs her back into the room. Tor. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. Harvey draws Helen into bis arms aod she accepts the familiar embrace. The purely physical attraction each has for the other is obvious. But the sou of the approaching horses comes nearer. Helen's guze stra to the window. She recognizes the Taree Riders below. che frowns, detaching herself from Harvey, moves back to the windov. Harvey cranes his neck to follow her geze.
0) 99) dialog: (not amused) What's so funny?
0) 209) dialog: (mildly) You're really sore at him... (paustog) Wouldn't you te, if you vere ne?
0) 210) dialog: (gently) I suppose I would -~ if I were you... Harvey looks at ber, not quite certain of her meaning. an he goes back to bis food. Helen resumes cating. eat in silence for e vhile. Then an idea begins grow in him, and be smiles suddenly. He wipes his mouth and pushes away from the table.
0) 299) dialog: > (with controlled rage) go Tou'te a fool. ¢ EARVET C (reacting to her tone) —_ Way? Didn’t you want him to knew? . . . (with a blind impulse & to burt ner) _ Say, who did the valking out anyway, you or hin? eC we EaLEy (flatly) : Get cat, Harvey. - Harvey begins to reelize that he has meade a fatal blunde — EARVEY a Iomight just do that.
0) 302) dialog: You think not?
0) 310) dialog: Yea. He considers her answer, accepts it. gAM You want me to give Doane a band? . Helen thinks it over, almost but not quite disguising her fa bea bed Us Pig sil tt fa wa BH. ee a Gd
0) 314) text: _-—_— ee LOL. Bigh Noon inner struggle. Then she cakes ber decision. (ftatly) Bo. Sam neds, turns and goes. DWT. HELEN'S FRONT ROGM, She shuts the door, stands there @ moment, thinking, then valks unhurriedly toward her bedroom. CAMERA PANS WITH her. Reflected in her dresser mirror, we can see her beginning to change. INT. MARSEAL'S OFFICE. Deane is at bis desk, lost in thought. There is the SOUND of his door opening, end ~ he jerks {oto awareness and turns. A solidly~built, normally pleasent-Llocking, Man now scowling with indignation is coming in. His name is BAKER.
0) 342) text: Open 19, end clean it up goad. ae (deltverately) ioe Me. Jordan's very particular... Ve Ag ahe takes the key end goes, be Looks at Doane calml yoo Deane's face tightens. al _ ¢ DOARE E Helen Ramirez in? a
0) 344) text: Doane looks at him, turns and goes to the stairs. 9 sO (meaningly) | Think you can find it alright? Doane doemn't answer. He starts up the stairs. The - Clerk grins. Amy 1s watching Deane as he goes, puzzled. lu. TNT, STAIRWAY -- om Doene es he mounts the stairs. 2 = . TT, HALL -- on Doane as he comes to the landing and , = goes to Helen's door. He knocks. ~ 13. THT, HELEN'S HEDROOM. She is packing as she hears r Doane's knock. be
0) 345) dialog: rc Come -- Ls. ‘UND. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM -- as Doane enters, looks ar sees no cme, waits. us. ‘TT.. HELEN'S HEDROCH. She stops, puzzled, then goes to the front reoa. Lé- TY, HELEN'S FRONT ROCM, Helen enters the room, stops 9. short as she sees Doane. ‘Their eyes mest and hold. Th silent tension grows, seeming to fill the room as with le an explosive gas. It is Helen vho breaks the silence.
0) 348) dialog: Doane hes pean waiting patiently for the stern to subside ‘DOANE (gently) - 5 came to tell you be was coming. - I shoold've ftigared you'd know about it. etan wan poileh bereel togueber, angry eat aenenl TSE nerself. res ZT ow about it. (quietty) Tia not efraia of bin.
0) 353) dialog: (aully) I mow how he is. . -
0) 356) dialog: , (without hope) Maybe be doesn't know. . -
0) 365) dialog: (flathy) Doane =~ - (ag he Looks at her) If you're smart, you'll get out yourselt.
0) 454) text: ea ER cr ee ey baa ica west (; High Noon 101 “iE / | : (anlty) I . Thanks - + - wil. « . = yh8, CLOSE HOCK SHOT ~~ DOANE 2 as be continues ivay, b + em still set in the expty, meaningless euile. ‘Then nis 1 a tighten with helpless anger. \ hs. oor. 180- Im. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. She is standing in the acorw 151. to her bedroea ss Sam comes in and eloses the docr v hia.
0) 455) dialog: where is he?
0) 508) text: = (puzzled) On? 2. ir grinning) Yep... . I'd say she's got some explaining to do when that train gets in. .- Amy looks at him with increasing dislike, tut she is very tuoughtful as she turns avey. LTT- TRE, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. She is potting the final to 82. to ber packing as « knock sounds on the door.
0) 510) dialog: Come in, Sam =~ The door opens emi Sarvey enters. He ig stunned vhen be seas the soitcases. Then Helen Looks up and sees him, She braces herself for the unpleasantness to come,
0) 513) dialog: T don't know yet. She moves past him, checking the room for things she cay nave forgotten to pack. feffled and frustrated by her nammer, Harvey follovs her.
0) 528) dialog: What difference does it make?
0) 531) dialog: It isn't Deane: (she stops, then goes on) Bot I'm going to tell you some~ thing about you and your friend = Doane. You're a nice looking boy. yer . You have big wide shoulders. Bat ~_ he's acan... . It takes sore than big wide shoulders to make «# man, Harvey. And you've got @ Leng way to go. - - . You mow something? I don't think you'll ever make it. . -
0) 532) text: She turns away from bin. Exploding, Harvey comes after her, grabs her and turns her to him. Helen is passive in bis emma.
0) 660) dialog: Come in +=
0) 675) text: High Noon 127 The door opens, and Amy stands in the doorvay. Helen and Sam stare at her in surprise, and Amy remains rooted there, comfused by Sam's presence and her first sight of Helen. Helen recovers first.
0) 676) dialog: Yea ~~ 7
0) 679) dialog: Te you like... Sam takes hig cue and gees cut silently as Amy comes into the room. New that she has come this far, she is confused ami uncertain again. The tvo vomen take each other in for a long mowent. Finally, Helen breaks the strained silence
0) 680) dialog: Sit down, Mrs. Doane...
0) 707) text: b finally reach Helen. Helen 1s aware of vhat Amy is thinki 1° She nods in quiet affirmation. Amy takes it. = t 263. INT. STABLE. Doane has recovered and is on his fee ; His face is still marked and bloedstained, but he is a attempting with his battered hands to bring some senblanc of order to his clothing. Finished, be looks down at his bruised muckles and fingers, then starts cut. Seeing 4 backet of vater, he stogs, looks tack where Harvey is sti lying unconscious on the stable floor, picks up the bucke goes to Harvay end douses his limp body with it. ‘Then be tosses the bucket aside and goes cut. = 264, EXT, STABLE —- TRUCK SHOT -~ on Doane as be comes ou stable and moves vearily up the street to the cain street and turns the corner into it. 4 265. EXY. BARBER SHOP. Doane approaches it and goes in. 266- INT. PARHER SHOP. ‘The Server, alone in the shop, is 268. his instruments in a cupboard as Deane comes in. The the SOUND cf hammering from the rear. —_
0) 821) text: mn LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT ~ Aa he crosses the Last "T" he pauses. In the silence th r lout ticking of the clock can be beard. Deliverately, h =e draws a line under the words. 4 142 High Noon ~ 296. INT. SALCON. ALL the Men are silently vatching the c 2oT- INT. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. Amy is still im the chair, 300. im her thoughts. Helen (s standing at the window, lo down into the street. HELaY =e Where are you going vhen you = leave town? os Home. St. Louis... ” mz
0) 822) dialog: (cumming to her) 3 All that way elone? —
0) 826) text: unhappy mo matter vhat Ide. ‘Back home they think I'm very strange. - I'm e feminist. You imow, women's s Tights -- things Like that... . ‘ (she locks up at Helen) Where will you go?
0) 827) text: Helen shrugs. Why are you going? Are you afraid Sat of that man? Not afraid, so... . There are — very few sen who cannot be canaged, = one way or another... =
0) 828) text: They each think cf Doane, amd Look at each other. — Then Helen goes one Fa HELay = I'm just tired... . = (ashe starts to pace) a IT hate this town. I've always bated it. To be a Mexican voman in a town like this... . Fi (she shakes her head)
0) 834) text: High Noon 143 HELEN (Cont'd. ) I married Ramirez when I vas sixteen. Be was fat and ugly, foolish. When he touched me, I vould teal sick. Bat he had woney. When he died, I hed money. . . . I sold the salooa. I bought the biggest store in town. Sobody knev. I hired « big citizen to mm it for me. Mobedy knew that either. Big citizens do many things tor money. . . - And all the fine Ladies, who never sav me vhen they passed ne om the street, they paid ne their money and they never mer... . I enjoyed it for a vhile. But now... (ake shrugs again) Aur (after a pause) Toumderstand . . .
0) 836) dialog: He's not my mn... She turns suddenly end goes to one of her bags, opens vummeges in it, comes up with ea gun.
0) 838) dialog: Right, wrong, vhat's the difference? He's your aan -- Aue (rising) Ts be? What made Sim symen? A few words spoken ty a Judge? Does that cake a marriage? . , . There's too ach vrong between us -- {tf doesn't fit! Anyway, this ts wheat he chogea .. . There is an instant of complete silence, vhich is shattered suddenly by the distant but Loud, hoarse screen a train vbistle. Invelimtarily, both women react physical INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. The train whistle continues OVER. Deane has been sitting at his desk, writing. He sits there, frozen. EXT. STREET. The Tvo Old Men listen. The Train whistle cemtioes OVER. INT. SALOON. ‘Train weistle OVER, ‘The Men are rooted in their places. INT. ROGM. Harvey {* sprawled on the rumpled bed. there is a bottle nearby. He hears the vhistle. EXT, BAILROAD STATION. Train whistle OVER. Jordan, Pierte ami Colby are standing at the tracks. The train is not yet visible. ‘Then the whistle stops. They Look. EXT, COUNTRYSIDE -- TRAIN TRACKS. In the distance a small cloud of smoke can be seen. INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE -- on Doane -~ as he vaits. ‘Then there is the scumd of the SECOND WHISTLE. ONT, CHURCH, The Congregation is on its feet, Henderson in the f.g., but no one is singing as the train vhistle continues OVER, MED. CLOSE SHOT -- ORGANIST. He is vorking the kays but the music emerges with the sound of the whistle. INT. FULLER LIVING 30CM. ‘Train whistle OVER, Fuller and bis wife listen. lial 3 a8
0) 854) text: High Noon 145 Xf. MARTIN HOWE'S HOUSE. ‘rain whistle OVER. Hove sits im his chair, Listening. DM. SALCON, ‘rain whistle OVER. The Men Listen. DST. HELEN'S PRONT ROOM, Train vhistle OVER. Helen and Amy listen. The vhistle dies. DWT. DOANE'S GFFICE. He vaits. Ext. STATION, Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait. There is still no sign cf the train. They look at each other tensely. INT. STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE, He stands Footed, waiting. INT. SELEY'S FRONT ROOM. Amy amt Helen look at each other their eyes asking the question they are afraid to speek. THT. SALOON. ‘The Men tegin to look at each other wooder- ingly. DWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane waits. EXT, COUNTRYSIDE -- on the moving train. TWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, 02a Doane Weiting. Ee starts to Pot down the pen he has been holding, end now, louder than before, the third viristle blasts OVER the scenes. Deane quivers. The breath he has been holding escapes ine long scumtlass sigh. ZXT. RAILROAD STATION. Jordan, Pierce and Colby look at each cther in triumph. In the distance, the train becomes visible. ONT. SALOON, As the vhistle dies, the Men Stampede cut, The saloon is empty. Pron outside, we hear the click of Giliis' key in the lock, see the knob tums es he tries it UME, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM, Helen and Amy are both on their feet, and Sam has Helen's bag. ‘They nove muably toward the door.
0) 855) dialog: (quietly) Can I ride with you to the Station? a reremens earmene carat ee ee t=, rent geet 148 High Noon 330. 331. 332. 333. 33T.
0) 860) text: reg BM, rey’ re € wt BL. jhe 343. 35. High Noon 147 smile cn her lips. CLOSED? — AMY. She has never locked nore beautiful. Her eyes avoid Doane's. . CLOSEUP ~~ DOANE -- as he stares 0.8. at life itselr. EXT, MARSEAL'S OFFICE «+ as the buckboard aveeps past Doane. We see that Sam is sitting im the back among the luggage. It passes cut of scene, MED. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE == as he locks efter the buckboa Then, with an effort, be pulls himself together, takes out bis watch and locks at the time. EXD. RAILROAD STATION. ‘The train pulls in. Conductors alight. Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait impatiently. Then, One of the car doors opens, and a moment Later GUY JORDAN steps out inte the sunlight. He is « big man, pale, but dangerous looking, implacable. ‘The three nen hurry to Rim. Smiling, they extend their hanis to bim. Jorden is not surprised to see then. He shakes hands unsmilingly, then moves off to a nore seclided portion of the platform They follow hin. EXT. QEATION -- ANOTHER ANGLE == as the buckboard drives izto the.station yard ami stops near the tracks. Sam Jwsps down and begins to unlcad the luggage, and Amy and Helen climb down. GROUP gHoT. Jordan extends his band inquiringly to Milt. Sailing, Milt hands him two guns. Guy takes no chances. He checks beth guns. ‘Then, locking up, ais Glance goes 0.3, ant is caught there. EXT. RAILROAD CAR. Sem is helping Amy up the steps, Ag she goes in and he extents an arm to Helen, ake looks off toward Guy. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- GUY JORDAN -< as his eyes meet Helen's MED. CLOSE SHOT -- HELEN. Her eyes meet Guy's calmly. Then, taking her tine, she climbs the ateps into the car. GROUP SHOT. Guy watches her disappear without expression. Nothing can interfere with the business at hami. He nods to the others, and starts out of the station. They follow him. 148 High Noon 350. 351. 352. 353. 354. 353. 356. 357. THT. RAILROAD CAR. Amy 1s sitting by the vindow, pale, tense. Helen is beside her on the aisle, Sam pitting away the last of the Luggage. He comes to Helen and they lock at each other in silence. It is a difficult parting for both of then.
0) 862) dialog: Geed-by, Sam. . . . You'll hear from me...