0) 106) dialog: = (stuply) . & I guess I'll take a look around. ' " He starts to put on his coat. pet : = ka, EXD. SUREET -- on the Stationmaster hurrying back Station. As he reaches the Barter Shop, the Barber comes 1 out, razor in hend. ‘ 1 bb me BARBER h Se What's going om, Oliver?
0) 138) dialog: (abrugging) He's cut...
0) 309) dialog: You're getting out?
0) 314) text: _-—_— ee LOL. Bigh Noon inner struggle. Then she cakes ber decision. (ftatly) Bo. Sam neds, turns and goes. DWT. HELEN'S FRONT ROGM, She shuts the door, stands there @ moment, thinking, then valks unhurriedly toward her bedroom. CAMERA PANS WITH her. Reflected in her dresser mirror, we can see her beginning to change. INT. MARSEAL'S OFFICE. Deane is at bis desk, lost in thought. There is the SOUND of his door opening, end ~ he jerks {oto awareness and turns. A solidly~built, normally pleasent-Llocking, Man now scowling with indignation is coming in. His name is BAKER.
0) 340) text: 7 mop and pail, and reaches the dask at the same tine as he does. Ignoring Doane, the Clerk gets « key ~— and tosses it on the counter toward the Chambermaid.
0) 391) text: - Doane slumps, suddenly and obscurely ashamed. — DOAKE You're right... He starts toward Gillis to help him up amd Two Men step oe 94 High Noon out for the same purpose. But Gillis shoves the Marshal's Rroffered hand cut of the way, and lets himsel? be gelped by the cthers on his feet and to a table. ‘The Bartender pours a drink for him amd brings it to him. The customers t wait silently for Deane to make bis move. Deana looks at them. At his table near the vindov, Harvey is watching Doane’s eyas meet Harvey's, then nove away.
0) 407) text: 94 High Noon L3he 136. 139. ibd. wh. TNT. CHURCH. [It is well-filled, and the choir -— compose of six Men and six Women -- is singing a hymm. Sam comes in umebtrusively and unnoticed and searches che room with nis eyes. Finally he sees the men he is Locking for, WEAVER the storekeeper, singing in the choir. Their eyes meet, and Weaver geta the almost imperceptible signal Sam seris him vith his Lifted eyebrows. Weaver frowns wit emmoyance emi vorry, wut when the hymn ends and while the rest cf the choir is finding its seats again, he leans over to his pompous Wite, whispers to her, end slips cut through the rear door. She, too, is puzzled and amoyed, but she covers bis exit by dropping ant retrieving her bymal. With his usual impassivity, Jam turns and ‘gets out as quietly as he came. EX. MART HOWE'S HOUSE, It is « small house, rather shabvy in appearance, as if its owner is unwilling or unable to keep its peint and trim end flower teis in order, or perhaps just doesn't care. Doane enters the scene and welts to the door, sweating freely under the glare of the high sun. He knocks ami vaits. The decor is opened ty a stout Indian Women well past aiddle ege. he recognizes Doane vordlessly, end lets him in. Dr. , MART EOWE'S HOUSE, This main room of the house, which serves as both Living end dining room, is fairly clean amd vell kept, wot like the exterior it is barren, unloved. ‘wo large, old-feshioned guns bang on the vall beneath e badge mounted on « leather base. Mart Howe is sitting in the one comfortable chair in the roca, staring at the floor. The Indian Woman goes to the chair at the eating table end resumes viat she ves doing vefore Doane's interruption -~ rolling cigarettes oy band and mouth end adding them to the small pile already co the table. Doane goes toward Howe and stops, locking down at him. Howe finally locks up et bin, bia face vooten, his eyes hopeless.
0) 454) text: ea ER cr ee ey baa ica west (; High Noon 101 “iE / | : (anlty) I . Thanks - + - wil. « . = yh8, CLOSE HOCK SHOT ~~ DOANE 2 as be continues ivay, b + em still set in the expty, meaningless euile. ‘Then nis 1 a tighten with helpless anger. \ hs. oor. 180- Im. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. She is standing in the acorw 151. to her bedroea ss Sam comes in and eloses the docr v hia.
0) 456) dialog: Coaing, oF eee nasal ¢ os ne allows bisself the ghost of « satle) at's a careful man + - the soul of approaching footsteps in the pall, and Sam nods. Ze turns and opens the door, catching Awewartly, the storekeeper comes in, and Sem closes the door efter bin. Mrenghout the scene the posiness man is qoite respectful cowards Helen.
0) 675) text: High Noon 127 The door opens, and Amy stands in the doorvay. Helen and Sam stare at her in surprise, and Amy remains rooted there, comfused by Sam's presence and her first sight of Helen. Helen recovers first.
0) 698) text: High Noon 129 RELES (Cont’d.) haven't spoken to him for a year -- until today. I told him to go. I'm Leaving on the same train you are... Amy stares at her, believing her. But vith belief, her econfusion returns. Amy Then vhat is it? Why?
0) 854) text: High Noon 145 Xf. MARTIN HOWE'S HOUSE. ‘rain whistle OVER. Hove sits im his chair, Listening. DM. SALCON, ‘rain whistle OVER. The Men Listen. DST. HELEN'S PRONT ROOM, Train vhistle OVER. Helen and Amy listen. The vhistle dies. DWT. DOANE'S GFFICE. He vaits. Ext. STATION, Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait. There is still no sign cf the train. They look at each other tensely. INT. STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE, He stands Footed, waiting. INT. SELEY'S FRONT ROOM. Amy amt Helen look at each other their eyes asking the question they are afraid to speek. THT. SALOON. ‘The Men tegin to look at each other wooder- ingly. DWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane waits. EXT, COUNTRYSIDE -- on the moving train. TWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, 02a Doane Weiting. Ee starts to Pot down the pen he has been holding, end now, louder than before, the third viristle blasts OVER the scenes. Deane quivers. The breath he has been holding escapes ine long scumtlass sigh. ZXT. RAILROAD STATION. Jordan, Pierce and Colby look at each cther in triumph. In the distance, the train becomes visible. ONT. SALOON, As the vhistle dies, the Men Stampede cut, The saloon is empty. Pron outside, we hear the click of Giliis' key in the lock, see the knob tums es he tries it UME, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM, Helen and Amy are both on their feet, and Sam has Helen's bag. ‘They nove muably toward the door.
0) 860) text: reg BM, rey’ re € wt BL. jhe 343. 35. High Noon 147 smile cn her lips. CLOSED? — AMY. She has never locked nore beautiful. Her eyes avoid Doane's. . CLOSEUP ~~ DOANE -- as he stares 0.8. at life itselr. EXT, MARSEAL'S OFFICE «+ as the buckboard aveeps past Doane. We see that Sam is sitting im the back among the luggage. It passes cut of scene, MED. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE == as he locks efter the buckboa Then, with an effort, be pulls himself together, takes out bis watch and locks at the time. EXD. RAILROAD STATION. ‘The train pulls in. Conductors alight. Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait impatiently. Then, One of the car doors opens, and a moment Later GUY JORDAN steps out inte the sunlight. He is « big man, pale, but dangerous looking, implacable. ‘The three nen hurry to Rim. Smiling, they extend their hanis to bim. Jorden is not surprised to see then. He shakes hands unsmilingly, then moves off to a nore seclided portion of the platform They follow hin. EXT. QEATION -- ANOTHER ANGLE == as the buckboard drives izto the.station yard ami stops near the tracks. Sam Jwsps down and begins to unlcad the luggage, and Amy and Helen climb down. GROUP gHoT. Jordan extends his band inquiringly to Milt. Sailing, Milt hands him two guns. Guy takes no chances. He checks beth guns. ‘Then, locking up, ais Glance goes 0.3, ant is caught there. EXT. RAILROAD CAR. Sem is helping Amy up the steps, Ag she goes in and he extents an arm to Helen, ake looks off toward Guy. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- GUY JORDAN -< as his eyes meet Helen's MED. CLOSE SHOT -- HELEN. Her eyes meet Guy's calmly. Then, taking her tine, she climbs the ateps into the car. GROUP SHOT. Guy watches her disappear without expression. Nothing can interfere with the business at hami. He nods to the others, and starts out of the station. They follow him. 148 High Noon 350. 351. 352. 353. 354. 353. 356. 357. THT. RAILROAD CAR. Amy 1s sitting by the vindow, pale, tense. Helen is beside her on the aisle, Sam pitting away the last of the Luggage. He comes to Helen and they lock at each other in silence. It is a difficult parting for both of then.
0) 861) dialog: (finally) So long, Helen...
0) 863) dialog: (nedd tag) Take care... Sam's tight, weather~teaten face breaks into socething like a smile, and he goes out quickly. ‘There is the maiden o.8. blast of the train vhistle. - EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane reacts to the vhiatle. Ee teela for kis guns, then starts slowly but firmly down th street. EXT. QUREET -- on Jordan end the others as they come up t middle of the street. EXE, TOW -- HICH SHOT cf the cain street. We see the ezall figures approaching each other, hidden from each other by the bend of the street. MED. CLOSE TRUCE SHOT -- DOANZ. Aa he continues, keeping along the sidewalk. CLOSE TRUCKING GROUP SHOT -~ on Jorden and the others. CLOSE TUCK SEDT -=- DOANE <= going on. EXT. QREET -- on Jordan aod the cthers. Suddenly Milt atops, his attention caught by a shop window. As he darts over to it, the others stop, startled. Milt reeches the shop. It has women's hats of the period on display. Deliberately, Milt smashes the vindow with his gun butt, Peaches in and takes cut a hat. Guy Jordan's grim face tightens. ted td fd tek