5) 0) text: CLAIRE STRYDER, 40, reads a report over the telephone as times the call with a stopwatch. A photograph of Claire's high-school-aged daughter sits on her dresser. ALEX GRAZIER, 50, struggles with his tie and a drink at a dresser in the adjoining room. Their connected rooms are  littered with hand washed laundry and the paraphernalia o their trade -- typewriters, tape decks, books, notes,  pictures. Their love affairs of three years is ending.
5) 2) text: Alex picks up a Melodica, a novelty wind instrument, and  tries to court her with "Caravan" as she files her story. Though mildly put off, she maintains her cool throughout call. He thinks he's Paul Desmond.
5) 7) dialog: It's my party -- we'll be late. You  called it a "strange war" and an  "endless story." If you filed that  story for me, I'd say you were  editorialishing.
5) 9) text: Alex loves to be melo-dramatic and is quite conscious of ability to charm. He's also aware that it's worn off with her.
5) 10) dialog: Drunk? Only with the memories of  making love with you on the plains  of Fianga as the first Army of  Liberation marched in and opened  fire.
5) 12) text: Alex raises a drink.
5) 13) dialog: Right.
6) 1) dialog: Christ, I don't want to go to this  stupid party. I'm bad at false  modesty.
6) 5) dialog: You can work out of the East Coast.  We'll get a place on Long Island and  burn our suitcases.
6) 7) dialog: Every Saturday night we'll have a  party... invite all our friends, sit  out on the veranda and interview  each other.
6) 9) dialog: I haven't. (beat; changes tack) Well, God dammit, I'm getting tired  of memorizing who's the president of  the... Republic of Maldives.
6) 11) dialog: Yeah, he succeeded Mamoon Abdul  Gayeem.
6) 13) dialog: And I'm tired of Third World  elevators.
6) 15) dialog: Don't leave me.
6) 18) dialog: Fuck Abou Deia and New York. I'm  going to Nicaragua with you.
6) 20) dialog: I've heard it's a neat little war  with a nice hotel.
7) 0) text: A cheer goes up for Alex as he and Claire enter. Party ha booze, hand-made signs reading "Bon Voyage," etc. Fifteen journalists of varying nationalities cover this backwater war. Though both upset, they act as if everything is normal. PRICE STANDS ON A CHAIR AT THE CENTER summoning Alex who  moves through the group with ease, instantly at home. Pri holds up a bottle of champagne in toast.
7) 2) text: Alex climbs on a chair next to Price who puts his arm aro him.
7) 7) text: However miserable, Alex shines in these situations. He ra his hand -- silence.
7) 8) dialog: You may be asking yourself what  exactly are you doing here in this  "strange war, just another chapter  in an endless story... that grinds  into its seventh year..."
7) 9) text: Claire slips to the side bar and pours herself a drink,  watching Alex and shaking her head with some affection. JIMMY, THE CAB DRIVER, ENTERS WITH A CAKE covered with  candles. The crowd parts for the cake shaped like the cou of Chad. The crowd begins singing "Caravan" in a half-dru tribute to a man they like and respect. PRICE MOVES AROUND THE ROOM TAKING PICTURES of the party; is all casual, silly, fun. THROUGH CAMERA P.O.V.'S OF ALEX IN A PARTY HAT, whip pan CABBY WITH THE CAKE, whip pan to DRUNKEN JOURNALISTS. THROUGH CAMERA P.O.V. OF CLAIRE -- FREEZE FRAME, pan foll her as she moves through the room -- FREEZE FRAME, she pi up another drink and leaves through a side door -- FREEZE FRAME. ALEX GIVES IN AND JOINS THE SINGING, enjoying his own tri once he has managed to give in to it.
8) 0) text: Claire's face is also covered with tears as she smokes,  wandering idly among clothespinned photos. A part of her  life is ending -- life with Alex -- but it's not ending  neatly. A ROW OF HANGING PHOTOGRAPHS catches her eye. She stops a looks closely -- then laughs in spite of herself at a ser of pictures: PHOTO OF A TALL AFRICAN NATIVE WITH A COCK S
11) 0) text: ALEX SITS WITH A BEAUTIFUL NICARAGUAN WOMAN, 35, at a tab as PRESS CORPS MEMBERS mingle. A man we will come to know HUB KITTLE, 40, dressed New York casual, table hops in th b.g. PRICE SEES ALEX and sneaks over to drop the Time magazine over his shoulder onto the table in front of him. Without looking up, Alex knows Price has arrived. He smiles.
11) 1) dialog: Welcome to Managua.
11) 4) dialog: Well... I thought of calling your  photographs "Pictures from a Lost  War"... I'm great at captions -- the  New York editors loved it since none  of them knew where the hell Chad was  anyway -- it legitimized their  ignorance, got you a cover, me a  feature, and packaged a class struggle  in two words. Nifty, eh?
11) 6) text: Russell acknowledges ISELA CRUZ sitting with Alex.
11) 8) dialog: I'm sorry... this is Isela Cruz. She  works for the hotel and helps out as  a translator.
11) 10) text: IN THE BACKGROUND CLAIRE WALKS INTO THE POOL-BAR AREA She carries her handbag and some papers -- she stops short se Price sitting with Alex. She hesitates, starts toward the stops, and sits down at the bar at the opposite end of th pool. Price sees her, and she sees Price. They pretend they don Price turns to Isela and launches into a stream of broken chauvinistic Spanish with his usual elegance.
11) 13) dialog: My Spanish is a little out of shape --  what'd he say?
11) 16) dialog: Russell's got a way with words.
11) 20) text: Alex stands to help Isela from her chair. Price presses o instinctively and effortlessly.
11) 22) dialog: It depends who you ask.
11) 23) text: Alex turns to Isela, who stops as she rises.
11) 35) text: She touches his Time magazine, kisses Alex on the cheek, floats magically through the pool area. Price frames her with his fingers as if composing a shot. P.O.V. OF ISELA THROUGH PRICE'S FINGERS Isela kisses anot journalist, grabs someone's hand, and lands gracefully at another table.
11) 37) dialog: You're gonna have a ball.
11) 38) text: ALEX PLACES HIS HAND OVER PRICE'S "FRAME" blocking out hi view of the sexy Isela. Though Alex's tone is gentle, the threat is obvious.
11) 39) dialog: Hands off. I need an interpreter  more than you do right now.
11) 42) text: Alex chooses his words carefully and speaks slowly.
11) 43) dialog: I'm hanging in there like an interim  post-war government waiting for the  palace to be overrun... by younger  men.
11) 44) text: Silence and an uneasiness that Alex intended. Price manag a smile.
11) 46) text: Alex smiles disarmingly. CLAIRE RISES AT THE OPPOSITE BAR, picks up her papers, an heads straight for the two men with a bounce in her step. BOTH MEN ARE A BIT SURPRISED AT HER ENTRANCE and she hand stack of mail to Alex.
11) 53) dialog: (impressed) Congratulations. The bastard won't  talk to me.
11) 58) dialog: Want me to order you a hot dog and a  program?
12) 0) text: Corrugated metal roofs, thatched hut booths, a strange  combination of decorative and architectural devices. DAIS WILLIAMS, a large black woman from Nicaragua, sings "I Le My Heart in San Francisco" with a mediocre jazz group. HUB KITTLE is present, and other journalists drop by the  table to say hello. A BOY PHOTOGRAPHER, 13, aims an ancient bellows type pola at a booth in which Claire sits between Alex and Price. T are holding a pose indefinitely while the boy struggles w the camera. They hold up the TIME COVER and a couple of b in celebration, and when he finally snaps the picture -- flash. The boy puts the camera down disappointedly.
12) 4) text: ON THE BANDSTAND Daisy has just finished "San Francisco" spots Alex, motioning to him.
12) 6) text: Daisy applauds lightly for Alex to join them. Alex is equ pleased and embarrassed.
12) 7) dialog: There's not many piano bars left  where I'm still welcome.
12) 9) dialog: If she can't sing in the key of C  I'm in trouble.
12) 10) text: Alex excuses himself and joins Daisy on the bandstand. Pr and Claire are left alone in the booth as Price hands the repaired camera back to the boy. ALEX AT THE PIANO begins a slow, easy cocktail version of "Stardust," the song of his generation perhaps, and he se happy, seduced by his own chords. PRICE AND CLAIRE RESUME THEIR POSE, and this time the cam FLASHES. Price pays for the picture from the boy. At first there is a moment of awkwardness between them.
12) 17) text: ALEX BEGINS SINGING as he plays. He sings like a trumpet  player -- no voice but great phrasing. He half smiles as sings, enjoying the song and enjoying making them  uncomfortable.
12) 19) dialog: Sometimes I wonder why I spend these  lonely nights, Dreaming of a song...
12) 23) text: They don't really want to talk about Alex though his pres is unavoidable. Price changes gears, gets slightly goofy, and steers the conversation to more comfortable turf.
12) 42) text: He nods; they all sip beers and watch Alex sing.
14) 0) text: As we hear Alex's gentle rendition of the standard, a NEC COUPLE moves back into the shadows of the club. Each pull on a mask, as in the b.g.:
15) 0) text: As Isela and the man enter, commanding attention without  trying. Isela stops at the piano long enough to kiss Alex gently before sitting in the booth with the man. IN PRICE'S BOOTH the new arrivals have caught their atten Price and Alex still clown slightly, and Claire teases th
17) 0) text: The chaos of a busy, cramped Telex room. A switchboard -- several journalists trying to place phone calls. Press co and go -- coffee, cigarettes, and half-eaten sandwiches. CLAIRE TEARS A STORY OFF THE TELEX while Price stands to side of the action eating a sandwich and watching. ALEX STANDS AT THE CENTER OF IT ALL Established as the se figure (or one of them) to whom other, younger journalist come for information. A YOUNG JOURNALIST, a Time stringer, is slightly distraug on the phone, and interrupts Alex's dealing with others,  cupping the phone, to announce:
17) 2) dialog: Tell him we have pictures.
17) 4) dialog: Tell him there were pieces of body  in the piano, and somebody was  singing, "I Left My Heart in San  Francisco." (beat) What's he got better than that?
17) 6) text: Alex grabs the phone in disgust and launches in.
17) 7) dialog: Forget the Pope, Charlie. Every week  you got the Pope somewhere. This is  a very big story down here because  it's the first sign of fighting in  Managua. (beat) Yeah, well get a map and look up  Nicaragua -- ya drive to New Orleans  and turn left.
17) 8) text: While Charlie argues on the other end of the phone, Alex  initials papers and performs several jobs at once.
17) 9) dialog: Like hell I'm editorializing, the  whole thing happened in a roomful of  C.I.A. and press. What do you want?! (beats) How do I know they were C.I.A.? They  wore name tags, what do you think?  We're backing a Fascist again -- I  know that ain't news, but see if you  can find an angle!
17) 10) text: HUB KITTLE has been floating through the room and, upon  hearing the word "fascist," takes offense and approaches  Alex.
17) 12) text: Alex ignores Hub though he is slightly pestered by him, a continues on the phone as he initials papers brought to h
17) 13) dialog: We don't have any pictures of Rafael  because nobody knows where the son  of a bitch is, and anybody crazy  enough to go after him...
17) 14) text: Alex spots Price who is standing nearby, still eating a  sandwich, still enjoying the high energy buzz of the room Alex directs his next line so that Price cannot fail to g the message. Alex plays the moment coolly.
17) 15) dialog: ...is liable to get his nuts shot  off.
17) 16) text: Hub nods seriously, in agreement. Price turns. Alex smile Price smiles. Alex hangs up, grumbling, then turns his  attention to the persistent Hub Kittle.
17) 17) dialog: Yeah, well g'bye... (to Hub) Who the fuck are you?
17) 19) text: Alex is irritated but fascinated.
17) 20) dialog: Who?
17) 22) text: Alex is incredulous that Somoza employs a New York P.R. f Hub is professionally used to this reaction -- no panic.
17) 24) text: Alex turns to leave; Hub corners him.
17) 26) text: Alex turns to other business though Hub persists. ELSEWHERE IN THE ROOM a young NICARAGUAN WOMAN, 18, is ta to Claire. She seems to be part of the local press.
27) 0) text: A RENTED CAR WITH WHITE FLAGS turns onto the road to Leon Price drives, eats, and reads a map. Claire takes the map from him and reads it herself. They seem to enjoy their f moment alone without Alex looking over their shoulder. A  small band-aid is on Price's clean shaven cheek.
41) 0) text: Alex comes out a door chatting with somebody, and passes mini-cam crew, old friends.
41) 1) dialog: How was Matagalpa?
41) 3) dialog: You find anything?
41) 5) text: A small laugh. They continue on. Alex enters Claire's roo
42) 0) text: Alex enters. Nobody there. As he turns to leave he sees s pictures in a stack of papers on her desk. He picks one u CLOSE UP: A PICTURE OF CLAIRE SLEEPING IN LEON It's all o and he knows it. He stares at, even admires, the image. H puts it down and turns to leave as:
42) 3) dialog: Oh. (awkwardly) How was Leon?
42) 5) dialog: Yeah... I'll bet... Claire...
42) 6) text: Alex finally acknowledges that it is over with Claire, bu refuses to say it directly.
42) 7) dialog: I'm tired of Nicaragua.
42) 9) dialog: Long enough, lets face it, you were  right... everybody was right.
42) 11) dialog: My cheekbones. What do you think of  'em?
42) 13) dialog: This is a face made for television.
42) 15) text: Alex nods, then seems to hit the end of his own resilienc and gets vitriolic.
42) 16) dialog: Is he a good fuck?
42) 18) text: In a simple monologue Alex goes from outrage to acknowled of what he already knew.
42) 19) dialog: That's a reasonable question for a  reporter to ask, isn't it?! (beat) I shoulda never come down here, eh?  This is the way it's going to be. (beat) I'll make a shitload of money in  television for just sitting there. (beat) I'm gonna show up to work at  Rockefeller Center every morning and  they're gonna hand me the news with  my coffee and toast. (beat) I shoulda never come down here, eh?  This war down here belongs to you  guys, okay? I'm on tommorrow's plane.
42) 21) dialog: You want to take me to the airport?  It's okay. (beat -- resigned) I shoulda never come down here.
43) 0) text: A cab pulls up. Soldiers stand around everywhere. Price,  Claire, Alex, and the Cabbie get out. The cabbie takes hi bag.
43) 1) dialog: Take this to check in. I'll be right  there.
43) 2) text: Price pulls a bottle of wine from his camera bag and sets three styrofoam cups on the cab roof. He hands the cork t Alex and shows him the label.
43) 4) text: Alex does, and looks at the label.
43) 5) dialog: Jesus, where'd you get this?
43) 7) dialog: Where else.
43) 11) dialog: We're grownups, Russell... (non acerbically) Most of us.
43) 15) dialog: No happy snaps.
43) 18) dialog: You're sure about him?
43) 20) text: Alex considers this -- he understands (whether he wants t or not). THE SOLDIER COMES FACE-TO-FACE with PRICE, WHO BACKS OFF
43) 27) dialog: Don't get hurt.
43) 29) dialog: Yeah?
43) 31) text: Alex is amused, Price is serious. The cabbie comes out an Alex heads into the airport.
67) 10) text: Price sees Alex at the same time. Alex waves to both of a he heads into the hotel. Price and Claire look at each ot Claire sits down at a table, stunned to see Alex. Price  commandeers a waiter and joins her with a fresh tray of  drinks.
67) 15) text: ALEX COMES THROUGH THE DOOR with a couple journalists, se Price and Claire and comes over to join them. A polite ki on Claire's cheek, a handshake for Price. A moment of  awkwardness.
67) 16) dialog: Congratulations.
67) 18) dialog: On what?! The Washington Post, the  Times, networks, wire services --  everybody's picked up the picture.  It's fabulous.
67) 23) dialog: I came back because of Russell.
67) 25) dialog: Yeah... the whole fucking East Coast  is falling in love with Rafael --  they were sure he was dead this time.  Somebody wants to do a musical about  him and his mug's on every T-shirt  in Central Park.
67) 26) text: Alex enjoys the lunatic mixture of politics and popular  culture.
67) 27) dialog: I think he's bigger than Farrah  Fawcett.
67) 30) dialog: I'm happier in New York, sure, things  are great. You guys?
67) 32) text: No more games. Alex addresses Price with conviction.
67) 33) dialog: It's a great story. (beat) I want to talk to Rafael... and you're  the only man in the world that can  take me to him.
67) 34) text: Price's and Claire's hearts sink. They look at each other Alex, despite his reluctance to return to Nicaragua, seem genuinely enthused about the possible story. Before Price Claire respond, Hub Kittle notices Alex and comes over wi a tray of drinks, extending genuine greetings to the Seni Correspondent.
69) 0) text: Price's white flagged newly rented press car streaks alon overtaking an ox cart. A guardia convoy is going the oppo direction, back toward Managua. Alex looks out of the car with interest--he hasn't been to the front line for sever wars.
69) 2) dialog: I've got supreme confidence in you.
69) 3) text: A car is on fire by the side of the road. Price flies pas Alex watches curiously. Several people stand around the c
69) 4) dialog: Claire looks good, eh?
69) 6) text: Alex isn't sure how to respond to this curious reply.
69) 7) dialog: Since I haven't been able to find  Isela since coming back, you're going  to have to translate for me -- what  the hell does that mean?
69) 10) text: Alex takes this calmly -- it's not exactly new informatio
69) 11) dialog: And she 'thinks' she loves you.
69) 13) text: Alex looks at the passing scenery -- he's in no hurry.
69) 14) dialog: I'd like to know something -- it  probably doesn't matter in the great  final scheme of things... but I'm  interested... (beat) Did you ever lay a hand on her before  she left me?
69) 16) dialog: That's the truth?
70) 0) text: Price and Alex are ordered out of their car by a very  unfriendly Guardia soldier. He is ordered to put down his camera bag. The hood and trunk are opened.
70) 3) dialog: I bet you go through a few rental  cars.
70) 5) text: PRICE AND ALEX JERK TO LIFE at the sound of screaming in distance. A volley of gunfire follows. Price moves quickl into an adjoining shed and looks through a crack in the w P.O.V. AN EXECUTION SQUAD IN A FIELD as several bodies ar being hauled away. Two soldiers reload their guns. PAN to figure moving behind a wall -- OATES.
70) 15) text: Alex arrives and tries to pull Price back -- at the same  time he sees the bodies and is sickened at the sight.
70) 16) dialog: Oh my God...
70) 27) dialog: Russell, let's get outta here.
70) 35) dialog: Who gives you the pictures?
70) 38) dialog: Off the record.
70) 45) text: Alex grabs Price and heads back toward the roadblock.
71) 3) dialog: Didn't you ship the film to New York?
71) 6) dialog: Slow down. (compassionately) It wasn't your fault if somebody  stole your stuff...
71) 8) text: Alex doesn't force the issue, nor does he understand it  entirely.
71) 9) dialog: What about Rafael?
71) 10) text: No answer -- the car races back to Managua. Alex stares a Price trying to figure out what is wrong.
77) 0) text: Alex, Price, and Claire get out of a cab and approach a l statue of Somoza on horseback, surreally lit by floodligh in the center of a traffic circle. Four Guardia Soldiers visible on the sidewalk in the b.g. drinking with two wom
77) 2) dialog: We drove through three roadblocks a  half hour before curfew so you could  show me a statue of Tacho.
77) 4) text: Silence. Alex knows Price too well -- it's a great story that's not why they're here.
77) 5) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
77) 7) dialog: Well, they don't "seem" to be that  great so I can't wait for this one... (mocks silliness) Hey, here we are! Two guys in the  tropics in love with the same dame...  bullets flying!
77) 9) dialog: Oh yeah? I left the country because  of him... (points to Price) ...and I came back because of him... (beat) And now the cutest couple in town  has me looking up a horse's ass on a  midnight tour of Managua. (points up the statue's  ass) What are we doing here?
77) 10) text: Silence. Claire addresses Alex calmly.
77) 12) text: Silence. Alex isn't quite sure he understood.
77) 13) dialog: In the picture he's dead?
77) 15) dialog: How the hell...
77) 17) text: Silence. A bit of gallows laughter from Alex as he circle the statue. Price calms and tries to explain.
77) 19) dialog: You saw too many bodies? That's a  lot of bodies. (beat; to Price) You stupid son of a bitch. (to Claire) Did he talk you into it?
77) 21) dialog: In some way I understand him doing  it, I don't like it but I  understand... but you?
77) 23) text: Alex lets it all sink in. These two people about whom he such passionate feelings have totally exposed themselves him.
77) 24) dialog: You two have, of course, just served  me up your balls -- if that's what  they're called -- on a platter. (several beats) I can bury you both. You're handing  me your careers.
77) 26) dialog: Well, Jesus Christ... this is a  motherfucking story, Russell... (long silence) What am I supposed to do with it?
77) 28) text: Small, tired gallows laughter from Alex. There is a long  silence before Alex speaks, aware of the irony.
77) 29) dialog: They're holding the lead in the World  section for Rafael.
77) 31) dialog: Oh yeah... (distraught) I don't know what to do. (beat) I've gotta take some kind of a story  back with me. Maybe Jazy, eh?
77) 34) dialog: (mock heroic) Ah, danger -- I love it. You could  ask the pointy-shoed little bastard  about your pictures... and I could  ask him whatever happened to Isela.
77) 36) text: Alex is surprised slightly, but takes pleasure in reveali it.
77) 37) dialog: You mean I slept with a Sandinista?
77) 38) text: Price and Claire exchange glances. Alex is dead serious.
77) 39) dialog: I guess Rafael is alive, eh?
79) 0) text: A sense of foreboding. Heavy road equipment prowls the st looking for Rebel barricades to destroy. Tanquettas and  Guardia everywhere. The flag draped press car of Price and Alex drives slowly P.O.V. OUT OF THE CAR AS THEY LOOK CAREFULLY Things feel  wrong. Guardia barricades are everywhere, forcing them to follow a route they might not choose. The Guardia soldier at the barricades seem on edge. When Jazy's house is visi in the distance, barricades force them another direction. GUARDIA SOLDIERS RACE DOWN A STREET TOWARD GUNFIRE and th car stops. When the road is clear it creeps into an  intersection. They check their position. THE CAR CREEPS TO A STOP and they look around further.
79) 4) dialog: Jazy's probably sitting in the bar  laughing at us. Which way's the hotel?
79) 7) dialog: I'll ask her... be right back.
79) 9) text: But Alex is out of the car at once, approaching the woman Alex motions that "it's not necessary" and talks to the w We can't hear, but she points down the block. INSIDE THE CAR Price cranks film into place, his actions automatic and nervous. When he looks up:
79) 10) text: Walking in the direction she pointed, he motions to Price if to say, "Just checking this out." PRICE LOOKS AROUND NERVOUSLY FOR A SENSE OF DIRECTION And he does, looks through the camera. THROUGH CAMERA P.O.V. OF THE DEAD PIG followed by quick  blurred pans to other images -- TANK, HOUSE, WOMAN, SOLDI until it settles on ALEX IN THE INTERSECTION. Two Guardia soldiers come up to him and he holds out his hands as if say, "I'm lost." ALEX TALKS TO THE SOLDIERS -- FREEZE FRAME click, click - and the whirring sound of a motor drive, another FREEZE F click, click, more whirring -- Price is on automatic pilo Another soldier orders Alex up against a wall. Nobody sees Price taking pictures -- it happens too quick
82) 0) text: TV is on. She's at the typewriter working on a story. A PHOTOGRAPH OF ALEX COMES ON THE TELEVISION NEWS, with  Spanish language commentary over the image.
88) 2) text: She hesitates -- Alex is dead, everything is crazy. She s toward him, then changes her mind, turns, and walks quick away from him.
90) 15) text: They embrace quickly and tightly, but look around nervous as they do. Price isn't sure if anybody knows about Alex.
99) 7) text: Claire acknowledges the grim truth of the observation wit slight nod, and walks to the railing as: ALEX'S DEATH IS REPEATED IN FREEZE FRAME SEQUENCE over an over again as the Orderlies, Doctor, and patients gather watch with fascination. CLAIRE STARES OUT AT THE CITY ON FIRE, when her eye catch something -- a light in the sky. She watches:
106) 0) text: Thousands of people have gathered to celebrate in loud an joyous singing, led by a group on the highest cathedral s surrounded by Revolutionary leaders waving to the crowds. SINGING GROUP sings a song to Nicaragua, and a song to Ra RAFAEL'S BODY IN A FANCY CASKET is carried in through the crowd to wild cheering and singing. High over the pallbea heads it moves through the crowds. PRICE AND CLAIRE STAND TO THE SIDE watching it all. The  celebration is joyously infectious, and for the moment we can forget the bloodshed, forget the problems that lay ah forget even the death of Alex. PRICE PULLS OUT A CAMERA and begins taking pictures of th celebration. ISELA IS AT THE MICROPHONE with other Guerrilla leaders. CLAIRE WORKS THROUGH THE CROWD with her mike held high,  recording the singing of the crowd. PRICE BACKS UNDER THE AWNING of a stand selling refreshme and especially Rum and Coke mixtures known suddenly and  triumphantly as "Nicalibres." As Price snaps off pictures a voice from an American in casual street clothes drinkin at the temporary bar.