5) 0) text: CLAIRE STRYDER, 40, reads a report over the telephone as times the call with a stopwatch. A photograph of Claire's high-school-aged daughter sits on her dresser. ALEX GRAZIER, 50, struggles with his tie and a drink at a dresser in the adjoining room. Their connected rooms are  littered with hand washed laundry and the paraphernalia o their trade -- typewriters, tape decks, books, notes,  pictures. Their love affairs of three years is ending.
5) 1) dialog: (on the phone) "...and so this strange war that  features two provincial governments,  three rival liberation fronts, and  at least twenty-five tribal  associations, grinds into its seventh  year..."
5) 3) dialog: "...The Battle for the Airfield at  Abou Deia is just another chapter in  this endless story. From Ndjamena,  Chad, this is Claire Stryder." (beat) No -- you didn't hear any music --  must be the connection. Okay? So  long.
5) 5) dialog: Alex, don't play that God damn thing  when I'm filing. (beat) We're late.
5) 8) dialog: I like to editorialize. You drunk?
5) 11) dialog: And freed the Proletariat.
5) 14) dialog: I'm going to the party without you.
6) 2) dialog: You're great at it.
6) 4) dialog: Alex, you're going to make a great  anchorman in New York and undoubtedly  I could be a Pulitzer Prize winning  hostess -- but I'm not going with  you.
6) 6) dialog: I still like suitcases.
6) 8) dialog: I've done all that.
6) 10) dialog: Mamoon Abdul Gayoom.
6) 16) dialog: I already have.
6) 19) dialog: No.
7) 0) text: A cheer goes up for Alex as he and Claire enter. Party ha booze, hand-made signs reading "Bon Voyage," etc. Fifteen journalists of varying nationalities cover this backwater war. Though both upset, they act as if everything is normal. PRICE STANDS ON A CHAIR AT THE CENTER summoning Alex who  moves through the group with ease, instantly at home. Pri holds up a bottle of champagne in toast.
7) 9) text: Claire slips to the side bar and pours herself a drink,  watching Alex and shaking her head with some affection. JIMMY, THE CAB DRIVER, ENTERS WITH A CAKE covered with  candles. The crowd parts for the cake shaped like the cou of Chad. The crowd begins singing "Caravan" in a half-dru tribute to a man they like and respect. PRICE MOVES AROUND THE ROOM TAKING PICTURES of the party; is all casual, silly, fun. THROUGH CAMERA P.O.V.'S OF ALEX IN A PARTY HAT, whip pan CABBY WITH THE CAKE, whip pan to DRUNKEN JOURNALISTS. THROUGH CAMERA P.O.V. OF CLAIRE -- FREEZE FRAME, pan foll her as she moves through the room -- FREEZE FRAME, she pi up another drink and leaves through a side door -- FREEZE FRAME. ALEX GIVES IN AND JOINS THE SINGING, enjoying his own tri once he has managed to give in to it.
8) 0) text: Claire's face is also covered with tears as she smokes,  wandering idly among clothespinned photos. A part of her  life is ending -- life with Alex -- but it's not ending  neatly. A ROW OF HANGING PHOTOGRAPHS catches her eye. She stops a looks closely -- then laughs in spite of herself at a ser of pictures: PHOTO OF A TALL AFRICAN NATIVE WITH A COCK S
8) 8) dialog: Sure you did. You were taking pictures  of me all over the room.
8) 10) dialog: In a minute.
8) 13) dialog: It wouldn't be the greatest thing  you could give him right now... (beat) We just split up.
8) 15) dialog: I'm the villain... I thought it could  be a little cleaner this time -- me  in Central America, him in New York.
8) 17) dialog: But he's decided to go to Nicaragua  too.
8) 19) dialog: To cover everything.
8) 21) dialog: No.
8) 23) dialog: For godsakes, Russell, listen.
8) 26) dialog: You're a genius of bad timing. (beat) I'm going back to the party.
8) 28) dialog: This is a great shot.
8) 30) dialog: I've heard the light in Nicaragua's  even better.
8) 31) text: He doesn't respond. They stand for several moments -- the sounds of the party get louder. She turns and heads to Al celebration, leaving Price alone in the darkroom. PRICE LOOKS AT CLAIRE AS SHE LEAVES, stares aimlessly for several moments, then focuses back on his PHOTO OF THE  ELEPHANTS.
11) 10) text: IN THE BACKGROUND CLAIRE WALKS INTO THE POOL-BAR AREA She carries her handbag and some papers -- she stops short se Price sitting with Alex. She hesitates, starts toward the stops, and sits down at the bar at the opposite end of th pool. Price sees her, and she sees Price. They pretend they don Price turns to Isela and launches into a stream of broken chauvinistic Spanish with his usual elegance.
11) 46) text: Alex smiles disarmingly. CLAIRE RISES AT THE OPPOSITE BAR, picks up her papers, an heads straight for the two men with a bounce in her step. BOTH MEN ARE A BIT SURPRISED AT HER ENTRANCE and she hand stack of mail to Alex.
11) 47) dialog: Hi, Alex... Russell! When did you  get in?
11) 50) dialog: You're not going to believe this --  I just beat you guys and everybody  else here to a story... (she teases them) ...exclusive... eat your heart out.
11) 52) dialog: I've just been promised a private  interview with Tacho.
11) 56) dialog: That's President Somoza's nickname.
11) 59) text: A bit of tension and awkwardness -- Claire quickly takes  control and changes the tone.
11) 60) dialog: Fellas! No fighting after six at  night, all right? Curfew. (beat) C'mon, we've all got something to  celebrate.
12) 0) text: Corrugated metal roofs, thatched hut booths, a strange  combination of decorative and architectural devices. DAIS WILLIAMS, a large black woman from Nicaragua, sings "I Le My Heart in San Francisco" with a mediocre jazz group. HUB KITTLE is present, and other journalists drop by the  table to say hello. A BOY PHOTOGRAPHER, 13, aims an ancient bellows type pola at a booth in which Claire sits between Alex and Price. T are holding a pose indefinitely while the boy struggles w the camera. They hold up the TIME COVER and a couple of b in celebration, and when he finally snaps the picture -- flash. The boy puts the camera down disappointedly.
12) 8) dialog: Go ahead.
12) 10) text: Alex excuses himself and joins Daisy on the bandstand. Pr and Claire are left alone in the booth as Price hands the repaired camera back to the boy. ALEX AT THE PIANO begins a slow, easy cocktail version of "Stardust," the song of his generation perhaps, and he se happy, seduced by his own chords. PRICE AND CLAIRE RESUME THEIR POSE, and this time the cam FLASHES. Price pays for the picture from the boy. At first there is a moment of awkwardness between them.
12) 12) dialog: "Well"... you finished your assignment  in Chad?
12) 15) dialog: You're going to love this war,  Russell... there's good guys, bad  guys, cheap shrimp... (an afterthought) And Alex is still singing in the  background. (beat) I missed you.
12) 21) dialog: Jesus... he's doing it on purpose.
12) 25) dialog: Well... about sixty years ago the  U.S. Marines invaded to protect  American business interests and put  down a peasant revolt led by a little  man who wore a giant cowboy hat -- his name was Augusto Sandino... In  nineteen thirty-four he was murdered  at a peace conference, and the Somoza  family has ruled ever since...
12) 28) dialog: The "real" stuff?... you mean a  history of class struggle in agrarian  societies?
12) 30) dialog: Oh. Okay... well... (beat) Just a couple things. (beat) One -- there's only two kinds of  beer available -- Tona and Victoria.  Victoria's better. (beat) And two -- if you see Miss Panama  hanging around the hotel bar -- hot,  hot, hot -- but don't touch. She  belongs to Tacho, and if anybody  gets caught with her then El  Presidente has promised to personally  cut off the guy's... (unsure which word to  use)
12) 32) dialog: Yeah... and throw it into Lake  Managua.
12) 34) dialog: And the lake's already polluted.
12) 37) dialog: No.
12) 40) dialog: Three Mile Island.
13) 0) text: A teenage DISHWASHER looks around nervously, then pulls a paper sack from off the shelf, removing a strange mask fr it. He pulls the mask over his head. Then from the bag he removes a hand-made zip gun, puts a bullet in it, and dar into the shadows of a nook, waiting. BACK TO THE BOOTH where Regis softly croons a few bars of "Stardust" into Claire's mike. The three of them are havi a good time, mildly drunk at best, and uninhibited.
15) 0) text: As Isela and the man enter, commanding attention without  trying. Isela stops at the piano long enough to kiss Alex gently before sitting in the booth with the man. IN PRICE'S BOOTH the new arrivals have caught their atten Price and Alex still clown slightly, and Claire teases th
15) 1) dialog: Jesus... Louis Jordan walks in, and  I'm sitting with the Everly Brothers.
15) 3) dialog: (interrupting) He's a businessman in search of a  business... he doesn't try very hard  to cover up his connections to the  C.I.A...
15) 5) dialog: But look at his moves -- can the  C.I.A. light cigarettes like that?
16) 10) text: The woman with the gun shoves it into the man's head forc him to move toward the kitchen door. PRICE TAKES PICTURES QUICKLY WITH A TINY CAMERA that fits into the palm of his hand. Neatly, surreptitiously, and c Price is coolest in any crisis. CLAIRE PUNCHES ON HER TINY TAPE RECORDER instinctively, a a tiny red light comes on. THE BUSINESSMAN IS SHOVED TO THE DOOR He hesitates, afrai to leave the room. The Guerrilla shoves the grenade in hi face; the woman sticks the gun into his neck even deeper.
17) 0) text: The chaos of a busy, cramped Telex room. A switchboard -- several journalists trying to place phone calls. Press co and go -- coffee, cigarettes, and half-eaten sandwiches. CLAIRE TEARS A STORY OFF THE TELEX while Price stands to side of the action eating a sandwich and watching. ALEX STANDS AT THE CENTER OF IT ALL Established as the se figure (or one of them) to whom other, younger journalist come for information. A YOUNG JOURNALIST, a Time stringer, is slightly distraug on the phone, and interrupts Alex's dealing with others,  cupping the phone, to announce:
17) 26) text: Alex turns to other business though Hub persists. ELSEWHERE IN THE ROOM a young NICARAGUAN WOMAN, 18, is ta to Claire. She seems to be part of the local press.
17) 27) dialog: I want you to get me copies of the  Government inventory lists of all  captured Guerrilla weapons. I want  to know if the guns are Israeli,  Belgian, Russian, Cuban...
17) 29) dialog: Fine -- give me proof.
17) 30) text: A TELEPHONE OPERATOR CALLS TO CLAIRE through the chaos.
17) 32) text: Claire sighs at the bad timing but seems delighted to be  interrupted by her daughter, and brushes aside a Stringer forcing paperwork upon her. Claire takes the phone into a bare, adjacent hallway for some privacy. IN A BARE HALLWAY Claire talks to her daughter.
17) 33) dialog: Hi, baby! How are you? (beat) Has Grandmother spoiled you silly by  now? She has? Good. (beats) Yes, I got your letter with the  picture of your new boyfriend. He's  very good looking... but he's a bit  old, isn't he? No? Just how old is  he?...
17) 34) text: P.O.V. FROM THE TELEX ROOM TO CLAIRE Price knows this is his world, and he wanders outside.
23) 0) text: Claire stands at the main doorway surrounded by GUARDS, a OFFICER, and an unidentified CIVILIAN -- she is arguing w them in rapid Spanish, not allowing them to get in a word
23) 1) dialog: (in Spanish) You throw a journalist in jail -- it  gets in the papers. You walk all  over the same press credentials you  pass out. I demand to speak to someone  in authority or I'll go to Tacho  myself... I don't understand you --  you're big and strong and handsome  but you're not so smart! (beat) You should be trying to seduce us!
23) 6) dialog: You're okay?
23) 8) dialog: They love being beaten up by a woman (beat) I've been looking for you all night --  why'd they lock you up?
23) 11) dialog: Jazy?! You think there's a story  there?
23) 13) dialog: You need help?
23) 15) dialog: No. (beat) When should we start.
23) 17) dialog: Oh. I assumed you'd just look him in  the eye and say "Gimme a break, for  crissakes, Marcel, are you a spy or  aren't you?"
24) 0) text: Marcel Jazy stands, drink in hand, looking slightly rumpl in the daylight, slightly older, but more charming and se effacing than his first impression indicated. His two sto Mediterranean style house is in slight disrepair; the gar are scraggly and overgrown. The pool is empty. Jazy addre Price and Claire.
24) 3) dialog: Russell prefers pictures to words...
24) 5) dialog: And you're a businessman?
24) 8) text: As he speaks, the questioning comes to a sudden halt as a SPECTACULAR LOOKING WOMAN emerges from the shadows of the house into the light of the courtyard. She is tall, Latin and besides high heels wears only a shiny, high fashion  swimsuit, cut high on the legs. Price, Claire, and Jazy stop to watch as the woman stops look into the empty pool.
24) 12) text: Jazy leans in very coolly to Price and Claire as he pours extra glass of wine and speaks softly in English again.
24) 18) text: Jazy pushes a lounge chair over to her and hands her a gl of wine. The woman unfolds gracefully into a lounge chair the sun. Very sexy. She reaches for and kisses Jazy's han affectionately -- he kisses her forehead. She feels bette now. Jazy motions for Claire and Price to follow him inside.
25) 2) dialog: These are not the normal duties of a  businessman.
25) 9) text: Price and Claire are almost afraid to speak, afraid to  interrupt this strange performance.
25) 11) dialog: No.
25) 13) dialog: Oh, yeah, yes, etc.
25) 15) text: Claire interrupts with a smile.
25) 16) dialog: Because he thinks she's seeing another  man?
25) 27) dialog: We're going to Masaya... they say  the Rebels have hit the cuartel.
25) 30) dialog: We're not doing a travelogue, you  understand.
25) 37) dialog: Don't let us stand in the way.
25) 39) text: He doesn't wait for an answer, but excuses himself and go out to tend to Miss Panama. P.O.V. OF JAZY AND MISS PANAMA BY THE EMPTY POOL as Jazy  touches her, whispers, and she waves to Claire and Price.
27) 0) text: A RENTED CAR WITH WHITE FLAGS turns onto the road to Leon Price drives, eats, and reads a map. Claire takes the map from him and reads it herself. They seem to enjoy their f moment alone without Alex looking over their shoulder. A  small band-aid is on Price's clean shaven cheek.
27) 1) dialog: Did you dream about Miss Panama last  night?
27) 3) dialog: Have a good time?
27) 6) dialog: And old war injury flaring up?
27) 8) dialog: Of course.
27) 10) dialog: And the bullet ricocheted off the  film, grazed your cheek, and saved  your life.
27) 12) text: PASSING SHOT OF A CLUSTER OF ROADSIDE CROSSES marking a s of graves. Immediately the tone in Claire's voice changes sobered by the reminder of war.
27) 13) dialog: Did anyone ever die next to you in  combat?
27) 15) dialog: What did you do?
27) 17) dialog: That's an old joke. My question was  serious.
27) 19) dialog: Once.
27) 21) dialog: Fast.
27) 23) dialog: I'm basically a coward, Russell, I  hope you understand that. I hope we  don't get shot.
27) 28) dialog: (to soldier in Spanish) I thought it was quiet here.
27) 34) dialog: (in Spanish) No problem -- we leave the car.
27) 35) text: Price and Claire remove their things from the car, and Pr takes the distributor cap as well as the keys. They walk  over and look down the road leading into the city under s MORE REFUGEES EVACUATE THE TOWN -- it is a most uninvitin sight. The plane passes over the town in the distance fir rockets.
27) 36) dialog: Now what?
27) 39) dialog: Be careful?! Where the fuck we going?  Better light?
28) 2) dialog: ...June tenth... the evacuation of  Leon... a woman carries a pig...  signs for the F.S.L.N. are  everywhere... a body...
28) 6) dialog: Russell?!
28) 7) text: For a moment they aren't sure what this means -- are they trouble? The Sandinistas shove past the two journalists,  pushing open a doorway and disappearing inside. For a mom Price and Claire are alone on the street. THE DOOR OPENS AGAIN SLOWLY and a middle-aged WOMAN appea motioning for them to come inside.
29) 5) text: Pedro sees Price and Claire and is more interested in the He speaks in broken but understandable English.
29) 7) dialog: Yes.
29) 13) text: Pedro hands Claire the baseball as the Sandinistas plead  with Pedro for his help. He is more interested in getting the baseball delivered to Tippy Martinez. Claire accepts ball graciously, exchanges awkward glances with Price, an puts it in her shoulder bag.
30) 0) text: A family huddles in the corner as the MAN OF THE HOUSE pu back a couch and a hanging blanket, revealing another hol knocked in the wall. The Sandinistas, Pedro, Claire and P scramble through.
31) 0) text: The Three Sandinistas, Pedro, Claire, and Price emerge. A WOMAN, 50, runs the cafe and welcomes them. The SIX crawl as not to be seen from the street; they stop long enough survey the plaza.
31) 1) text: Half a dozen bodies are scattered across the plaza. Other it is empty. P.O.V. SIX GUARDIA SNIPERS IN THE CHURCH TOWER control th plaza. As we watch, they fire off occasional shots in  different directions--there is no way to cross the plaza. THE WOMAN PULLS A TRAY OF "CONTACT BOMBS" from the oven,  home-made grenades that look like muffins on a tray. Pedr grabs one and pretends to bite into it. The Sandinistas s to laugh and catch themselves as Pedro clowns. Claire and Price aren't sure what the "muffins" are and don't respon mostly they are on edge. The contact bombs are put in a s The woman opens a trap door in the floor, and the six of  them climb down a ladder into a tunnel.
33) 0) text: A tapestry rug is pulled away, and Pedro's head appears. climbs out and soon all the party is in the church. A PRI leads them quickly through an immense, nearly. European  interior of ornate altars and burning candles. The small  party is led to a small corner of the sanctuary where a l rickety ladder leads up to the roof. THE SANDINISTAS SCRAMBLE UP THE LADDER as it sways. Pedro follows with his sack of contact bombs. Then Price goes u as the Priest holds the ladder. The American is much larg than the Nicaraguans -- the ladder squeaks and sways, and when he is nearly at the top: THE LADDER CRACKS as Price reaches the top and is helped safety. The Priest steadies the ladder now made unsafe an clearly Claire wants to go onto the roof.
33) 2) text: Claire looks at Price -- she wants to go on the roof but sound of close gunfire settles the dilemma. Claire hurrie off to safety with the Priest.
35) 0) text: The Three Sandinistas, Pedro, and Price are hiding in the shadows of the main church entrance. The Sandinistas are  carefully peeking around the corner, checking out the pla It seems safe. The door opens; the Priest lets Claire out For a moment she looks around to see who's still alive -- the shadows Price looks like one of the Guerrillas. They each other and embrace briefly.
35) 1) dialog: You're okay?
35) 2) text: The Sandinistas seem to relax. The Sandinistas take pride Pedro and pat his left arm for Price and Claire.
35) 7) dialog: Much better than Koufax.
35) 8) text: The Sandinistas slap hands, familiar with the American  gesture. The Six start walking across the plaza away from the church. In the b.g. we see piles of bodies burning; t Red Cross tends to the wounded locals. Spirits are high a they walk. The tiny red light glows on Claire's recorder.
37) 2) dialog: (in Spanish) Gracias. Can they get into trouble  for keeping us?
37) 4) text: A SHOT RINGS OUT, AND PEDRO'S CHEST EXPLODES in front of Sudden panic, rage, confusion -- the Sandinistas whirl an scan the building. P.O.V. OATES RACING ACROSS THE CATHEDRAL ROOFTOP into the night. PRICE GRABS PEDRO'S GUN AND WHIRLS to face the church; hi action is instinctive, angry, and electric with energy. CLAIRE GRABS PEDRO'S ARM AND DRAGS THE BODY to safety, th there is no safety and the body is lifeless. Her actions protective and automatic. THE SANDINISTAS TAKE CONTROL OF THE SITUATION and move  quickly. Two of them fan out to cover the escape. Price  screams in the direction of Oates,
37) 6) text: Claire drags the body near a bench under a tree.
37) 7) dialog: What about him?!
37) 11) text: The Three Sandinistas fan out toward the church as it get dark. PRICE AND CLAIRE STAND NEXT TO PEDRO, feeling helpless an ineffective. They both look at the body. Price realizes h holding Pedro's gun and places it down next to the body.  Price notices the tiny red light is still glowing on her  tape recorder. He points it out to Claire. She turns it o
38) 0) text: IN A NEARLY DARK ROOM full of hanging hammocks, Claire si on the floor lit by a low wattage bulb hanging from a cor In another room through a door Price can be seen with a f in the hammock workshop. Claire talks softly into her  recorder.
38) 1) dialog: Hello sweetheart, this is your mother.  I'm in Leon and I miss you. Don't  worry about me -- it's not dangerous  at all. I guess you can't believe  what you hear on the news. I'll put  this this tape in the mail when I  get back to Managua, but knowing  what the mail service is like, I may  be home before it arrives. I think  about you all the time and hope I  can make it back before you graduate  from Jr. High.
38) 2) text: As she speaks Price bids the family farewell and comes in the room with Claire where he lies down in a hammock.
38) 3) dialog: I love you and I'll finish this letter  when I get back to the hotel.
38) 4) text: Claire lies down on a mat, exhausted, after turning out t light. Several moments pass before Price speaks.
38) 6) dialog: Why didn't you tell the guerrillas?
38) 8) dialog: It wasn't an easy choice.
38) 11) dialog: You didn't take any pictures when it  was over.
38) 13) dialog: Yes.
38) 16) dialog: No.
39) 0) text: The first light of dawn strikes Claire's bare torso. PRICE'S LIGHT METER APPEARS AT HER BACK Price takes a rea then moves the meter to her neck, another reading. He mov it down her nude body lit beautifully in the vague light, partially covered with a blanket. He scurries across the room, stark naked, with a camera.  Price begins photographing her. He moves back to her and gently removes the blanket from rest of her body. His actions are quiet and easy. He stop frequently to admire her. Claire lies sleeping nude, except for her socks. Price mo around the room -- picture, picture, picture. CLAIRE WAKES UP SLOWLY and pulls the blanket back over he She opens her eyes and sees Price sitting in a chair seve feet away with his camera.
39) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
39) 5) dialog: How long have you been doing this?
39) 8) dialog: I'll bet I look great -- give me the  film.
39) 10) dialog: I'll develop them myself -- give it  to me or I'll start taping what you  say in your sleep.
39) 13) dialog: Girl's names and F-stops. Terrible.
40) 0) text: Price's rental car is a smoking wreck. He and Claire arri and she removes a single, feeble white flag that remains. They study the car briefly and then turn as: A GUARDIA TROOP CARRIER LUMBERS past with a truckload of  refugees behind. They wave the flag and catch a ride with the refugees.
41) 5) text: A small laugh. They continue on. Alex enters Claire's roo
42) 0) text: Alex enters. Nobody there. As he turns to leave he sees s pictures in a stack of papers on her desk. He picks one u CLOSE UP: A PICTURE OF CLAIRE SLEEPING IN LEON It's all o and he knows it. He stares at, even admires, the image. H puts it down and turns to leave as:
42) 2) dialog: Oh!
42) 4) dialog: Bloody.
42) 6) text: Alex finally acknowledges that it is over with Claire, bu refuses to say it directly.
42) 8) dialog: You haven't been here very long.
42) 10) dialog: About what?
42) 12) dialog: I like your cheekbones. Alex, are  you all right?
42) 14) dialog: You decided to go with the network.
42) 17) dialog: Alex...
42) 20) dialog: Alex...
43) 0) text: A cab pulls up. Soldiers stand around everywhere. Price,  Claire, Alex, and the Cabbie get out. The cabbie takes hi bag.
43) 6) dialog: The C.I.A.
43) 10) dialog: No, no, don't be ridiculous.
43) 19) dialog: For the moment.
45) 0) text: Overlooking the gathering from his private living room, S grants Claire her interview. He close the window to muffl the singing.
45) 1) dialog: You're late to your own luncheon,  Mr. President -- we can schedule  this for another time.
45) 3) dialog: We are a stunning couple. Mr.  President, you own one fifth of all  the land in Nicaragua, you own the  shipping port, the national airlines,  the Mercedes dealership...
45) 6) dialog: Do you always hold hands with  reporters?
45) 8) dialog: Would you care to comment on the  fall of Leon to the rebels?
47) 2) dialog: There are reports that the Guardia  operates a torture chamber at  Coyotepe.
47) 5) dialog: Since the earthquake in 1972 destroyed  half of Managua, over three hundred  million dollars in foreign relief  aid have poured into the country,  yet nothing has been re-built. It is  said that the money has gone into  your pocket.
47) 7) dialog: Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Brazil, and  Panama are reportedly on the verge  of breaking off diplomatic relations  with your regime. Would you comment?
47) 12) text: As Somoza leaves the room with the Officer and Hub, Hub t to Claire to squeeze in one final P.R. stroke.
47) 14) text: Claire is left alone momentarily in Somoza's room. A sold enters and accompanies her outside to the luncheon.
48) 0) text: As Claire comes outside, there is a flurry of activity at the head table. TWO OFFICERS hastily set up an easel with large military-topographical map of Nicaragua. A SOLDIER  takes the microphone from the Singers -- the music grinds an inglorious halt -- and carries it to the head table. Price spots Claire and makes a "What's all this about?"  motion. Claire holds out her palms and shrugs -- she does know. All attention is quickly focused on the head table, as: PRESIDENT SOMOZA MAKES A GRAND ENTRANCE FLANKED by Hub Ki and an Officer. He seems suddenly in unusually good spiri Hub taps the mike -- it works -- he motions for Somoza to come forward.
48) 10) text: CLAIRE TRIES TO CORNER HUB KITTLE who is heading back ins Hub disappears inside, Claire pressing after him. JAZY APPROACHES PRICE and leans in as if sharing a confid IN the b.g. the luncheon is breaking up.
49) 0) text: A rental station wagon covered with press flags races alo Inside the car are the British crew -- Regis drives -- an Price and Claire.
50) 3) dialog: How do we find the guerillas?
50) 6) dialog: Go two or three blocks and turn right  at the sniper.
50) 15) dialog: Then let us out.
50) 22) dialog: He just wanted to see credentials,  for crissakes, what're doing?
50) 32) text: The mini-cam equipment is dropped as the British crew  scrambles to safety against a building. Price and Claire up on opposite sides of the street. Silence -- the huge and silent tank is deciding what to d THE TURRET SWINGS SEVERAL DEGREES TO ONE SIDE and lowers the scattered journalists freeze.
51) 0) text: A YOUTH at the wheel props a board under the steering whe and races to the back as ANOTHER YOUTH opens the door as bus races past Claire toward the tank. THE TWO YOUTHS LEAP OUT THE BACK DOOR where they tumble i the dirt just before:
51) 4) dialog: Si.
53) 0) text: THEY ARE SEARCHED IMMEDIATELY, asked to put down their ge asked for credentials, and led down the hallway of a hous that is very American middle class. ANOTHER SOLDIER WITH RIFLE detains them momentarily befor showing them into a room used as a Revolutionary Command  office. ISELA STANDS IN MILITARY FATIGUES talking to her Sandinis colleagues. Clearly she commands respect and makes decisi She finishes and turns to Claire and Price in a very  businesslike way, never acknowledging directly that they  have met before.
53) 4) dialog: Do you know why we're here... exactly?
54) 0) text: An old truck chugs up a series of cutbacks through rough  terrain. The truck has no hood, and a BOY sits on the fen pouring oil from a series of Folgers cans into a funnel s permanently into the engine. Underneath, dangling cans ca the oil as it flows through. Price, Claire and FOUR ARMED SANDINISTAS sit in the back. ISELA rides in front.
55) 0) text: ISELA, CLAIRE, PRICE AND THE FOUR HIKE into increasingly  inaccessible terrain.
56) 0) text: Heavily guarded but very mobile, the camp consists of per 100 Soldiers, women preparing food, several tents. Price Claire attract attention as they enter. PRICE STOPS AND LOOKS AROUND THE CAMP CLOSELY seeming to  take it all in. He's been in many similar camps, countrie wars.
56) 2) dialog: Rafael's tent?
56) 6) dialog: What is it?
56) 9) text: Claire looks around quickly. There is no evidence to her.
56) 11) dialog: I don't know.
56) 13) text: They continue into the camp -- now Claire looks around  nervously. Price mutters a half laugh, softly and strange as they are led to a makeshift table and offered food. In the b.g. Isela enters one of the tents. PRICE AND CLAIRE SIT DOWN TO EAT and Price continues scan the camp as they talk.
56) 14) dialog: What're you talking about?
56) 16) dialog: Then why did they bring us all the  way here to see him?
57) 0) text: The tent is filled with Sandinista officers and soldiers  standing and sitting around. RAFAEL'S BODY LIES ON A TABLE The shirtless upper torso  propped slightly upright, still wearing glasses, the figu of Rafael is distinctly non-heroic. He is slightly overwe slightly balding, but as he lies there surrounded by his  men, the the glow of lanterns, he looks almost alive. Price and Claire look at each other.
57) 8) dialog: If Washington thinks Rafael is dead,  they will ship the arms to Somoza.  Do you understand.
58) 0) text: Price lies on his back on a table. Claire sits in a chair lantern is on the table. His reclining body is not unlike Rafael's. He plays with a camera without looking at it,  turning it slowly, removing and replacing a lens. He's ne been this calm, this unmoving. Claire, however, moves around the tent like a caged anima like Price normally is. She smokes. She's nervous and wir
58) 1) dialog: I spend my whole life separating how  I feel from how I think and what I  see from what I say -- that's called  journalism, isn't it?
58) 3) dialog: It's disciplined. It civilized. It  involves distinctions. I'm great at  distinctions. I wish I wasn't so  good at them. Sometimes I envy you --  you don't make any -- it's very  convenient. (beat) The only time I don't worry about  all those things is when I'm with my  daughter.
58) 5) dialog: Yes! (beat -- changes  direction) My job is to find a story, then tell  a story -- whatever it is -- because  I believe that if enough people hear  enough stories then somehow, through  information alone, we all have a  better chance to survive. (beat) I believe in information. (beat) That's a very romantic streak I have  running through me -- maybe it's a  weakness. Information is good --  lack of information is bad. Simple,  eh?
58) 7) dialog: You're God damn right it's not. (beat) You take that picture you'll take it  for all the right reasons -- I  understand.
58) 10) dialog: That's fine for you. But do I go  back and say I interviewed Rafael?  Do I go back and say I missed the  biggest story of the war? Or do I  say Rafael was stone cold dead --  that's the information, isn't it? Or  do I say he entertained us all in  his inimitably charismatic manner  around the ol' revolutionary campfire? (beat) Can we throw up our arms and say we  fell in love with the querillas  because their cause was...  sympathetic? (beat) Journalists don't fall in love. (beat) Which story do you want me to tell?
58) 13) dialog: Christ, what the fuck are we doing  here?
58) 16) dialog: I want this war to end. (beat) I'm not going to tell the world that  Rafael is dead.
58) 17) text: Silence. Claire lies down on the cot. Exhausted but high. Price gets off the table and goes to her.
58) 19) dialog: I think I love you.
60) 0) text: Price and Claire are sitting on top of a Red Cross truck it heads through Sebaco. Soldiers from La Guardia are  everywhere. As the truck moves through the village, somet catches Price's eyes: OATES STANDS AGAINST A WALL IN COMMAND OF A SQUADRON Two  whores and several troops sit against a wall. As the truc passes, Oates waves casually, with emotion.
67) 5) text: CLAIRE STANDS TO THE OTHER SIDE with binoculars watching. She accepts a drink from Hub and speaks into her tape dec
67) 6) dialog: Under a steel gray July sky... start  again... under a gray steel Managuan  sky... scratch it... In an  extraordinary development in Managua,  President Anastazio Somoza has ordered  the Air Force to begin bombing his  own capitol, under a sky... fuck  it...
67) 9) dialog: Oh my God...
67) 10) text: Price sees Alex at the same time. Alex waves to both of a he heads into the hotel. Price and Claire look at each ot Claire sits down at a table, stunned to see Alex. Price  commandeers a waiter and joins her with a fresh tray of  drinks.
67) 11) dialog: A Scotch, please... (he nods) Double.
67) 14) dialog: I have no idea.
67) 15) text: ALEX COMES THROUGH THE DOOR with a couple journalists, se Price and Claire and comes over to join them. A polite ki on Claire's cheek, a handshake for Price. A moment of  awkwardness.
67) 19) dialog: (nervously) Well, yes... it's fabulous.
67) 22) dialog: Why are you back?
67) 28) text: Claire and Price struggle to enjoy this supremely  uncomfortable moment. It's not easy to enter the game. Cl attempts to change the subject.
67) 29) dialog: You look good. Things're okay?
67) 34) text: Price's and Claire's hearts sink. They look at each other Alex, despite his reluctance to return to Nicaragua, seem genuinely enthused about the possible story. Before Price Claire respond, Hub Kittle notices Alex and comes over wi a tray of drinks, extending genuine greetings to the Seni Correspondent.
68) 0) text: Claire and Price now have adjoining rooms. She is staring out the window as he comes in. The mood is strained.
68) 1) dialog: We've got to tell Alex what happened.
68) 3) dialog: I'll tell him. He deserves to know.
68) 5) dialog: We owe him that! (beat) He got you started in this business...  he covered for your missed deadlines  and made excuses for your  unprofessional attitude before the  world fell in love with your  pictures... (beat) Before kids fresh out of journalism  school were rushing off to any war  they could to interview bullets and  take pictures of bodies -- like Price! (beat) He took care of you before you were  hot!
68) 8) dialog: Before Nicaragua you wouldn't  understand. I'm not sure I exactly  understand. (beat) What are we going to do?
68) 11) text: Claire is disturbed at this compounding of the lie.
68) 12) dialog: That's a lie!
68) 15) dialog: I don't want to tell him either.
72) 4) text: The maid shrugs -- Price is crazy anyway, and: CLAIRE WALKS INTO THE ROOM She too looks shaken. He looks up.
72) 5) dialog: Commandante Cinco's body was just  found on the road to Matagalpa.
73) 0) text: A cab takes them through the increasingly nervous city. L Guardia troop trucks are everywhere -- things seem more  hurried. A hunting rifle sits in the cabbie's lap. They g out and knock on Jazy's door. GUARDIA SOLDIERS WATCH THEM FROM A DISTANCE, a developmen that Price and Claire are aware of.
73) 1) dialog: I don't think it's Jazy.
73) 4) text: Price is impatient. He looks around nervously -- the Guar are out of view -- and he slides a knife into the latch,  jimmying the lock. The door opens slowly -- an alarm goes off. Price and Claire duck inside quickly.
73) 5) dialog: Christ!
73) 7) dialog: Are we looking for negs or prints?
74) 0) text: They look around warily, hungrily -- they know something wrong. BACK INSIDE THE HOUSE we hear the shouting soldiers, bang Price and Claire look at each other, and the camera bag.  Claire points upstairs to Price, to the door for herself. Russell grabs the bag and bounds quickly upstairs. Claire goes to the front door, shaking nervously.
74) 2) dialog: Que quiere? (What do you want?)
74) 4) dialog: No esta aqui.
74) 6) dialog: (smiles) Una novia suya. (A girlfriend of his.)
74) 9) text: The soldiers laugh and peer into the room. Claire forces door closed on them, teasing slightly.
74) 10) dialog: No, no, no...
75) 0) text: CLAIRE sighs with frightened relief and hurries upstairs join Price. JAZY'S BEDROOM as she enters. A rumpled bed, a spilled wi glass -- a pleasant mess.
75) 1) dialog: Russell? (no answer) Russell?
75) 6) text: Price and Claire return the greeting and continue out the door.
76) 0) text: As they emerge, Claire tears a white cloth in half and ti it to a stick, handing half to Price who does likewise. An earth mover goes past, a Guardia soldier at the wheel. More soldiers cling to the machine, their guns at the rea
76) 3) dialog: You think our flags are big enough?
77) 0) text: Alex, Price, and Claire get out of a cab and approach a l statue of Somoza on horseback, surreally lit by floodligh in the center of a traffic circle. Four Guardia Soldiers visible on the sidewalk in the b.g. drinking with two wom
77) 6) dialog: I think what he's trying to say --  what we're trying to say -- is that  things aren't exactly what they seem  to be.
77) 8) dialog: Alex! That's not why we're here.
77) 10) text: Silence. Claire addresses Alex calmly.
77) 11) dialog: Rafael is dead.
77) 16) dialog: (interrupts quickly) Who cares how?!
77) 20) dialog: No! I wanted Rafael to be alive.
77) 22) dialog: I'd do it again.
77) 27) dialog: Anything you want.
77) 32) dialog: Oh Jesus.
77) 35) dialog: She's an officer in the Rafael army --  we saw her in Matagalpa.
77) 38) text: Price and Claire exchange glances. Alex is dead serious.
78) 0) text: PRICE AND CLAIRE LIE IN BED sweating. A siren and distant mortar can be heard outside. Price goes to the window and shuts it -- the room is quieter and hotter. He pounds a b air conditioning duct.
78) 3) dialog: I wish I was home.
78) 7) dialog: Do you think it's almost over?
84) 9) dialog: Heard from Russell?
84) 11) dialog: Wanta help me find him?
84) 14) text: Hub Kittle enters the lobby, sees Claire and volunteers:
84) 16) text: Claire is nearly in tears, but resists.
84) 17) dialog: Fuck off, Hub, get outta my way.
85) 1) dialog: (in Spanish) Do you know where the American  journalist was killed?
85) 3) dialog: (in Spanish) Have you seen him?
85) 4) text: They haven't and continue on their way. Claire walks in t direction they pointed -- no street fighting but many Gua
88) 0) text: Price's shot up car is not far away, but she's afraid to  approach it. She shows the picture of Price to a small bo who doesn't recognize it. GUARDIA SOLDIER SPOTS CLAIRE and walks toward her. She ca tell if the act is routine or threatening. He calls out t her.
90) 11) text: GUARDIA TROOPS EVACUATE THE SHANTYTOWN in a panicky scram to escape their own gunship. PRICE RACES THROUGH THE BACK OF THE SHANTYTOWN, taking  advantage of the chaos, and without slowing down, breaks  free of the maze of the barrio. CLAIRE'S P.O.V. OF PRICE RACING ACROSS THE STREET, past a body and an overturned, smoking car, back into the rubble strewn blocks of the edge of the city. A tanquetta comes  around a corner and sees Price a block away.
90) 12) dialog: Russell!
90) 16) dialog: Alex!
90) 18) text: P.O.V. A TANQUETTA PASSES ON THE NEXT STREET, visible thr shattered holes in the buildings. A Guardia squadron pass PRICE AND CLAIRE RUN DOWN THE STREET in the opposite  direction, their path guided somewhat by an overturned bu in an intersection, abandoned barricades and roadblocks, the rubble of street fighting.
91) 0) text: PRICE AND CLAIRE hesitate at the corner and move slowly a seeing two Sandinistas, dressed half in camouflaged gear, half disco. The TWO GUERRILLAS seem to control the street Price and Claire approach warily.
91) 4) text: Price and Claire continue on down the street and  simultaneously noticed something strange: THE DOOR TO JAZY'S HOUSE IS WIDE OPEN They approach caref and look in a view to the court-yard. Claire sticks her h in the door slowly, and as she does: A GIANT HAND GUN IS STUCK IN HER TEMPLE as TWO MUCHACHOS  quickly seize her and Price, dragging them inside.
92) 0) text: JAZY STANDS WITH A THIRD GUN AT HIS HEAD, being held by t most forceful and crazed of three young Muchachos. With g on Jazy, Price, and Claire, there is much confusion as to who's in charge and what exactly they're doing.
92) 5) text: The guns are aimed back and forth in confusion -- Price a Claire don't have a chance to respond, and they're not su what to say.
92) 7) text: The Muchachos begin arguing rapidly among themselves; and they do, Jazy addresses Price and Claire coolly.
92) 16) dialog: You got caught by some boys?
92) 18) dialog: (hesitates) Yes.
92) 29) text: The Muchachos quickly withdraw their guns from Price and  Claire and aim them all at Jazy's head.
92) 35) dialog: You picked the wrong side.
92) 37) text: CLAIRE TURNS AND WALKS AWAY, her back to the scene.
92) 42) text: PRICE TURNS AND WALKS AWAY toward Claire. Still -- Jazy t
92) 45) text: TANQUETTA a block away. The neighborhood seems to be chan hands again. Price and Claire slump in the darkness near the doorway; touches near his wounded arm.
92) 46) dialog: You okay? (he nods) Russell... what did Alex do?
92) 50) dialog: They're not looking for me.
92) 52) dialog: Let me have the film... (beat; unsure) ...if I can't get to the hotel I'll  come back here...
92) 55) dialog: Russell... it's more dangerous being  with you than being alone.
92) 59) dialog: (affectionately) That's great advice.
92) 60) text: They kiss, and Claire runs out after a Red Cross truck. P watches nervously until they turn a corner, out of sight, then goes back inside Jazy's courtyard. PRICE NEARLY STUM OVER JAZY'S BODY, stops, stares -- he'd forgotten already The body makes him uneasy, and after several moments he f a sheet and covers Jazy. Price then sits down and waits  nervously, sharing the courtyard with Jazy.
93) 0) text: CLAIRE WALKS ALONGSIDE THE RED CROSS TRUCK as it comes ar a corner. The truck turns one direction, she wants to go other way toward the hotel.
95) 0) text: CLAIRE RETRACES HER STEPS to the block where Price is hid in Jazy's house. THE TWO DISCO SANDINISTAS LIE DEAD IN THE STREET, a dog s at the bodies. Claire looks around -- there is little sig of life. She enters Jazy's house.
96) 0) text: CLAIRE ENTERS and stops. She calls out his name, no answe Price is gone. She hurries back outside.
97) 0) text: TWO GUARDIA TROOP CARRIERS RACE PAST, sirens screaming, l with Guardia soldiers. Claire steps into the street unsur looking every direction. PEOPLE BEGIN COMING OUT OF THEIR HOMES and what remains o their small homes. They come one at a time at first, then small groups, carrying belongings, pets, chickens, etc. CLAIRE SHOWS A PICTURE OF PRICE AND HER to a woman who co out of the house next to Jazy's, but the woman shakes her head, not recognizing Price. A PUSH-PULL PLANE DIVES IN LOW FIRING ROCKETS at the home THE CROWD GROWS and chaotically flees the destruction,  gradually finding a direction out of the city. Claire is  swept along in the crowds, at first without choice, then  finally fleeing for her life with the rest of Managua. As she moves with the crowd, she looks for Price everywhere, without success.
98) 0) text: SEVERAL CAMPFIRES burn near the edge of the city where do have taken temporary refuge. Claire arrives to see: A BOD ON A STRETCHER BEING CARRIED up outside stairs to a rooft from which glow several bare bulbs. She goes up the stair to the rooftop.
99) 0) text: A MAKESHIFT MOBILE HOSPITAL under awnings and palm fronds capable of moving location in minutes. A WOMAN DOCTOR and two temporary orderlies tend to wounded. A small black an white television sits on a table and those who are able w the seige of Managua on television while it goes on aroun them. Claire looks for Price among the dead or wounded.
99) 3) text: It takes a while for Claire to respond.
99) 4) dialog: Yes... perhaps they will.
99) 7) text: Claire acknowledges the grim truth of the observation wit slight nod, and walks to the railing as: ALEX'S DEATH IS REPEATED IN FREEZE FRAME SEQUENCE over an over again as the Orderlies, Doctor, and patients gather watch with fascination. CLAIRE STARES OUT AT THE CITY ON FIRE, when her eye catch something -- a light in the sky. She watches:
100) 0) text: SOMOZA WATCHES AS A BACK HOE DIGS UP THE COFFINS of his  parents. An Army helicopter lands, lighting the scene, an Miss Panama rushes from the chopper into his arms as the  turbulence from the blades raises her dress and musses hi hair. Soldiers place the dirt-covered caskets on the roof of Somoza's two Mercedes, hastily tie them down, and the  strange motorcade, flanked by two heavily armed jeeps, dr off into the dark. CLAIRE WATCHES IT ALL from a safe distance, not far from refugee camp. She turns and walks slowly back to the camp
101) 0) text: Claire sits down against the remains of a wall. The war h overtaken her -- she doesn't know if Price is alive -- an though totally involved, she is at last an observer once  again. Claire notices the tiny red light of her recorder still on. She turns it off, and as the sounds of battle  gradually die down, Claire falls asleep -- exhausted.
102) 0) text: CLAIRE SLEEPS AGAINST THE WALL as a dog sniffs and licks face. She awakens with a start -- the dog scurries away.  Claire rises and looks around. A LOCAL WOMAN PUSHES A CART carrying the wrapped body of husband through the otherwise quiet streets of Managua. CLAIRE MOVES THROUGH THE CAMP just coming to life, and lo around trying to interpret the eerie silence. A WOMAN ten to her TWO SMALL CHILDREN.
102) 1) dialog: (in Spanish) Have you seen La Guardia?
102) 3) dialog: (in Spanish) I don't know.
102) 4) text: A DISTANT, DRONING NOISE GETS STEADILY LOUDER. Claire loo around nervously.
102) 9) dialog: Yes.
102) 11) text: The woman continues with her children, her comment  unemotional, and Claire smiles slightly and walks away,  through a city awakening slowly to its victory. CLAIRE STOPS A RED CROSS TRUCK and shows the driver her  picture of Price. The picture means nothing to the driver Claire continues through the city, looking for Price.
103) 0) text: CLAIRE WALKS INTO THE POOL AREA where chairs and tables f in the pool, the bar is overturned, and the once sumptuou press oasis is a disaster.
104) 0) text: CLAIRE ENTERS A DESERTED LOBBY, also a mess, and hesitate before climbing the circular stairs. CLAIRE LOOKS INTO PRICE'S ROOM, and finds it empty, and  typically messy.
105) 0) text: PRICE AND CLAIRE COME DOWNSTAIRS to the lobby. They are  cleaned up in fresh clothes; they have survived and the w is over. THE LOBBY IS COMING TO LIFE AGAIN with Regis' camera crew who look like they've had a long night, a BUS BOY, A MAID AN OLD COUPLE, and A WHITE WOMAN, 38, with TWO SMALL DAUG all either sit or mill in the b.g. PRICE AND CLAIRE STOP SHORT at what they see.
105) 2) text: P.O.V. -- A HANDMADE CASKET SITTING IN THE LOBBY with the name, "A. Grazier" scrawled in felt pen. Price and Claire stand next to the box silently -- there nothing to say -- but the silence is interrupted by a fam voice that is polite, unforced, and sincere.
105) 5) dialog: Can you help us ship it home?
106) 0) text: Thousands of people have gathered to celebrate in loud an joyous singing, led by a group on the highest cathedral s surrounded by Revolutionary leaders waving to the crowds. SINGING GROUP sings a song to Nicaragua, and a song to Ra RAFAEL'S BODY IN A FANCY CASKET is carried in through the crowd to wild cheering and singing. High over the pallbea heads it moves through the crowds. PRICE AND CLAIRE STAND TO THE SIDE watching it all. The  celebration is joyously infectious, and for the moment we can forget the bloodshed, forget the problems that lay ah forget even the death of Alex. PRICE PULLS OUT A CAMERA and begins taking pictures of th celebration. ISELA IS AT THE MICROPHONE with other Guerrilla leaders. CLAIRE WORKS THROUGH THE CROWD with her mike held high,  recording the singing of the crowd. PRICE BACKS UNDER THE AWNING of a stand selling refreshme and especially Rum and Coke mixtures known suddenly and  triumphantly as "Nicalibres." As Price snaps off pictures a voice from an American in casual street clothes drinkin at the temporary bar.
106) 13) dialog: Did you get enough pictures?
106) 14) text: No answer -- a final complicated question from Claire --  they smile. Price waves for a cab which pulls over. They in the cab and drive away.