11) 0) text: ALEX SITS WITH A BEAUTIFUL NICARAGUAN WOMAN, 35, at a tab as PRESS CORPS MEMBERS mingle. A man we will come to know HUB KITTLE, 40, dressed New York casual, table hops in th b.g. PRICE SEES ALEX and sneaks over to drop the Time magazine over his shoulder onto the table in front of him. Without looking up, Alex knows Price has arrived. He smiles.
12) 0) text: Corrugated metal roofs, thatched hut booths, a strange  combination of decorative and architectural devices. DAIS WILLIAMS, a large black woman from Nicaragua, sings "I Le My Heart in San Francisco" with a mediocre jazz group. HUB KITTLE is present, and other journalists drop by the  table to say hello. A BOY PHOTOGRAPHER, 13, aims an ancient bellows type pola at a booth in which Claire sits between Alex and Price. T are holding a pose indefinitely while the boy struggles w the camera. They hold up the TIME COVER and a couple of b in celebration, and when he finally snaps the picture -- flash. The boy puts the camera down disappointedly.
17) 10) text: HUB KITTLE has been floating through the room and, upon  hearing the word "fascist," takes offense and approaches  Alex.
17) 11) dialog: Hey! There's fascists and then there's  fascists, right? Be careful how you  throw words like that around.
17) 12) text: Alex ignores Hub though he is slightly pestered by him, a continues on the phone as he initials papers brought to h
17) 16) text: Hub nods seriously, in agreement. Price turns. Alex smile Price smiles. Alex hangs up, grumbling, then turns his  attention to the persistent Hub Kittle.
17) 18) dialog: (extending a hand) Hub Kittle. I'm with Lewitsky and  Knupp -- New York. We have a client  down here.
17) 21) dialog: President Somoza.
17) 22) text: Alex is incredulous that Somoza employs a New York P.R. f Hub is professionally used to this reaction -- no panic.
17) 23) dialog: I know, I know... (beat) But there's an untold story here. I  mean, the man has a point of view  too, right?
17) 24) text: Alex turns to leave; Hub corners him.
17) 25) dialog: We got a national anthem contest  going on right now, and you guys are  ignoring it. Lotta human interest.
17) 26) text: Alex turns to other business though Hub persists. ELSEWHERE IN THE ROOM a young NICARAGUAN WOMAN, 18, is ta to Claire. She seems to be part of the local press.
46) 0) text: Hub Kittle is bending Price's ear in the crowd. Price see ammused and watches the anthem contest as he munches food
46) 1) dialog: Listen, Russell, let's grow up. It's  very easy to fall in love with the  underdog, eh? But there's an upside  and downside to this thing -- just  wanta remind you... this stuff about  a "Revolution of Poets" is crap.
46) 3) dialog: Simple. And it could happen. Somoza  destroys the terrorist insurgents,  rebuilds the country, shitcans the  purveyors of excess, stabilizes the  cordoba, and is finally beloved as  the savior of Nicaragua. (beat) Our pal. Got a smoke?
46) 6) dialog: The Commies take over the world.
46) 7) text: It's simple, and Hub is pleased with his presentation. A  SOLDIER moves through the crowd looking quite out of plac finds Hub and hands him a note. Hub reads it, seems delig and excuses himself from the table.
46) 8) dialog: Excuse me, gentlemen, but the war  may be over.
46) 9) text: Price and Regis look at each other strangely -- what's he talking about? They shrug, Regis bites into a papaya, and Hub hurries inside. Price and Regis watch the singer.
47) 8) text: HUB KITTLE AND AN OFFICER BURST INTO THE ROOM interruptin the interview. Something has happened. Somoza initially l out at them -- the first time we've seen him lose his coo then recovers.
47) 10) text: The OFFICER seems familiar with these tirades and grabs S by the arm, whispering into his ear. Somoza seems delight with the news and turns to Hub for confirmation. Hub nods
47) 12) text: As Somoza leaves the room with the Officer and Hub, Hub t to Claire to squeeze in one final P.R. stroke.
47) 13) dialog: Did he tell you about his parents in  the graveyard, the flowers and all  that? (she nods) Good, good...
48) 0) text: As Claire comes outside, there is a flurry of activity at the head table. TWO OFFICERS hastily set up an easel with large military-topographical map of Nicaragua. A SOLDIER  takes the microphone from the Singers -- the music grinds an inglorious halt -- and carries it to the head table. Price spots Claire and makes a "What's all this about?"  motion. Claire holds out her palms and shrugs -- she does know. All attention is quickly focused on the head table, as: PRESIDENT SOMOZA MAKES A GRAND ENTRANCE FLANKED by Hub Ki and an Officer. He seems suddenly in unusually good spiri Hub taps the mike -- it works -- he motions for Somoza to come forward.
48) 10) text: CLAIRE TRIES TO CORNER HUB KITTLE who is heading back ins Hub disappears inside, Claire pressing after him. JAZY APPROACHES PRICE and leans in as if sharing a confid IN the b.g. the luncheon is breaking up.
64) 0) text: A small private plane flies through a canyon, dwarfed by spectacular landscape. Hub Kittle works the room.
67) 0) text: Journalists are gathered to watch the fighting which is n on the outskirts of Managua. Price stands to the side cas taking pictures of Journalists taking pictures of the war Hub Kittle floats around providing drinks and P.R. P.O.V. A PUSH-PULL AIRPLANE MAKES BOMBING PASSES on the  capitol. Columns of smoke rise throughout the city.
67) 5) text: CLAIRE STANDS TO THE OTHER SIDE with binoculars watching. She accepts a drink from Hub and speaks into her tape dec
67) 34) text: Price's and Claire's hearts sink. They look at each other Alex, despite his reluctance to return to Nicaragua, seem genuinely enthused about the possible story. Before Price Claire respond, Hub Kittle notices Alex and comes over wi a tray of drinks, extending genuine greetings to the Seni Correspondent.
67) 35) dialog: Alex! Couldn't stay away, eh?
84) 14) text: Hub Kittle enters the lobby, sees Claire and volunteers:
84) 15) dialog: Jesus Christ, Claire, a human tragedy,  what can I say?
105) 6) dialog: I've already taken care of it. (beat) I always liked the guy. I can't even  get tickets for my own family, but I  could get you two on the plane if  you want.
105) 7) text: We see the woman and little girls as Hub's family.
105) 9) dialog: Tacho's in Miami.
105) 10) text: A shared silence at the lunacy of the moment, interrupted the tired voice of one of Hub's daughters.
105) 12) dialog: (to Price and Claire) I am sorry. I had a job to do --  that's all -- it put me in some  unhappy situations.
105) 13) text: Hub goes over to take care of his family.