3) 6) text: The soldiers look over disinterestedly. Two dozen cases o Coca-Cola are tied to a stretcher among stacks of guns. As Price settles in for the ride, he begins pulling camer from his bag. Quickly and automatically, rarely looking, switches lenses, loads film, and prepares his cameras. He has done this a thousand times. A SINGLE WHITE SOLDIER -- OATES, rises from among the bla and shakily makes his way toward Price. A mercenary dress in a ragged uniform of his own design, carries two machin guns and a .45. He smiles broadly, recognizing Price. HOD slaps Price's hands as if they were teammates.
3) 7) dialog: G'damn, Price, you tuna sucking piece  of raw meat -- whatchyou goin' to  Zambeze for?
3) 9) dialog: Smithereens?! Be a great fuckin'  picture, eh?
3) 11) dialog: (proudly) Ya think so? (beat; changing tone) Trade ya some greenies for a joint. (beat) I gotta have a joint.
3) 13) dialog: (shrugs) Ahh. Dope-wise, this place sucks. (looks around, leans  in confidentially) Lotta fuckin' coons around here, eh?
3) 16) dialog: I am. This is the Government.
3) 18) dialog: Fuck they are. This is a Government  convoy to Calunda.
3) 21) dialog: You're shitting me.
3) 22) text: Pause. Finally Oates starts laughing uncontrollably.
3) 23) dialog: These guys be pissed if they knew,  eh? (Price nods in  agreement; Oates  suddenly gets serious) This is the dumbest motherfucker I  ever signed up for. Don't pay shit  either. (Price nods in  agreement) Nicaragua. That's the spot. Cheap  shrimp, lotta rays -- real thin in  the spook department too, dig?
4) 1) dialog: Well hell... I wonder where the  fuckin' Guvmint is?
4) 2) text: As he speaks, the cab of the truck is rocked with a morta shell and explodes. Soldiers scramble to safety. Some gra the guns being transported. TWO SOLDIERS GRAB THE STRETCHER OF COKE and start running for safety. Smoke and explosions are everywhere -- they  abandon their cargo and run for cover. OATES SCRAMBLES TO SAFE GROUND quickly and instinctively, looking around wildly to "read" the situation. Price dive next to him. A SOLDIER IS HIT AND GOES DOWN NEARBY, staggering towards Price and Oates.
4) 8) dialog: Well, I guess we know where the  Guvmint is.
4) 10) dialog: Convenient, ain't it?
4) 11) text: Oates starts to walk away, then stops and speaks earnestl as if trying to connect to a real world that doesn't exis
4) 12) dialog: My brother just got married.
4) 19) dialog: Great shit, eh?
4) 20) text: Price tries to read the writing on the back as Oates look at a leaflet familiarly.
4) 21) dialog: U.S. Gummint offers this house to  any Cuban pilot flying Migs for the  Rebels who chooses to defect to  America with a Russian jet. We know  they ain't gonna run off with no  planes -- but the Rebs don't --  They're scared. They start thinking  about that swimming pool. Damn near  smell that chlorine. Starts workin'  on 'em, and pretty soon they don't  let the Cubies near a Mig. Use their  own spook pilots and destroy their  own air force in a week. Guaran-fuckin- teed.
4) 23) dialog: (proudly) Smartest guys in the world. (afterthought) Hey, you gotta scoop here, eh? You'll  be famous.
4) 24) text: OATES shakes hands with Price who looks at the picture.
4) 26) dialog: (looking around) I gotta run... have a good one.
4) 27) text: Oates heads off across the runway as papers continue blow down out of the sky; Price looks up and speaks to himself
34) 14) text: A body rolls out from under another body. Blood-splattere smiling, wiping the blood from his face. It is Oates, the mercenary from Africa. He peeks out the window -- the  Sandinistas are on the other side of the roof. He whisper
34) 15) dialog: What the fuck are you doing here?
34) 17) text: For a moment they understand that they are there for the  same reason -- they make their livings off war. Oates pee out the window nervously and repeatedly.
34) 18) dialog: Awright, awright -- you're lookin'  good... how ya like Nicaragua?
34) 19) text: OATES readies his automatic weapon in case it's needed -- routine. Price doesn't know how to answer.
34) 21) text: Oates laughs quickly and softly -- he is tuned into the  strangeness of Price's answer.
34) 22) dialog: Shitload o' greasers though, eh?
34) 23) text: OATES AND PRICE SEE THEM, and Oates crawls back under the pile of bodies. THE SANDINISTAS LOOK INTO THE BELLTOWER, all looks quiet, and they motion to Price.
36) 0) text: OATES CHECKS THE CLIP ON HIS RIFLE and looks down into th plaza. OATES P.O.V. TO THE SIX WALKING AWAY He doesn't smile or  joke -- it's all business. He aims the rifle.
37) 4) text: A SHOT RINGS OUT, AND PEDRO'S CHEST EXPLODES in front of Sudden panic, rage, confusion -- the Sandinistas whirl an scan the building. P.O.V. OATES RACING ACROSS THE CATHEDRAL ROOFTOP into the night. PRICE GRABS PEDRO'S GUN AND WHIRLS to face the church; hi action is instinctive, angry, and electric with energy. CLAIRE GRABS PEDRO'S ARM AND DRAGS THE BODY to safety, th there is no safety and the body is lifeless. Her actions protective and automatic. THE SANDINISTAS TAKE CONTROL OF THE SITUATION and move  quickly. Two of them fan out to cover the escape. Price  screams in the direction of Oates,
60) 0) text: Price and Claire are sitting on top of a Red Cross truck it heads through Sebaco. Soldiers from La Guardia are  everywhere. As the truck moves through the village, somet catches Price's eyes: OATES STANDS AGAINST A WALL IN COMMAND OF A SQUADRON Two  whores and several troops sit against a wall. As the truc passes, Oates waves casually, with emotion.
70) 5) text: PRICE AND ALEX JERK TO LIFE at the sound of screaming in distance. A volley of gunfire follows. Price moves quickl into an adjoining shed and looks through a crack in the w P.O.V. AN EXECUTION SQUAD IN A FIELD as several bodies ar being hauled away. Two soldiers reload their guns. PAN to figure moving behind a wall -- OATES.
70) 9) dialog: No pictures, eh? Might look bad.
70) 10) text: Oates smiles half-way; Price looks around at the bodies.
70) 12) dialog: I get paid the same way you do. What  the fuck you doin' in Sebaco -- this  place's about to blow... ain't it?
70) 14) dialog: Who's Pedro?
70) 17) text: A body is carried through and loaded on a truck. Oates's  tone is one of explanation rather than defense, very matt of-fact.
70) 18) dialog: There's a motherfucking war goin'  on, pal... lotta sad stories.
70) 22) text: Oates has to look to see who he's talking about, and Pric loses his cool.
70) 24) dialog: I don't suck no dick, man...
70) 25) text: PRICE GRABS OATES AND PUSHES HIM BACKWARDS but Oates resp like an animal. The two men go down in a heap and lash ou at each other in the dust. Their fighting is largely  ineffective, though very physical, until Oates asserts hi and knocks Price against a wall, breaking free to pick up his automatic rifle that he handles with one hand and sho it into Price's face.
70) 26) dialog: I'd prefer not splattering your brains  in a dump like this -- I got  priorities. (to Alex) Guy wants to be a hero, pops, get  him outta here before he's a number. (beat) Be a shitty little town to buy it  in. (beat) Who are you?
70) 29) dialog: Guy's got a sense of humor, old man. (beat) Got any dope? Tough place to find  decent dope?
70) 31) dialog: Them? C'mere. You too.
70) 32) text: He leads them under an awning nearby where a couple soldi sit. A small table, some weapons, two shallow boxes, food beer. Oates rummages around to find what he wants, and pu out: A HANDFUL OF PHOTOGRAPHS, mostly snapshots, odd sizes, wi names written on them. He sifts through them quickly and see an assortment of photographs of Nicaraguans. He finds what he's looking for and holds up: PRICE'S PHOTOGRAPH OF THE PRIEST AND THE BUSINESSMAN, the picture taken in Rafael's camp, blown up, cropped, and  identified. The faces are circled.
70) 33) dialog: If your mug shows up in this box...  and ya try to make it through  Sebaco... I owe yer ass.
70) 36) dialog: What's this, an interview? I ain't  that dumb.
70) 39) dialog: Off the record... some pachuco gives  'em to me. Ain't none of my business,  but I heard he gets 'em from a Frog.
70) 40) text: Oates pulls another picture from a different box and hold it up:
70) 42) dialog: Nice, eh?
70) 44) dialog: Not yet.
70) 46) dialog: Whatya' expect? We're the ones gettin'  our butts kicked.
75) 2) text: A door off the bedroom is open -- light spills out. Clair stops cold at what she sees: PRICE STANDS IN A ROOM FULL OF PHOTOGRAPHS Hundreds of  pictures of all sizes, photographic equipment, an enlarge cameras and lenses, etc. Pictures of Sandino, newspaper  photos, snapshots. P.O.V. OF RUSSELL'S PHOTOGRAPHS FROM RAFAEL'S CAMP croppe and blown up -- Commandante Cinco, the Priest of Leon, th Businessman, Isela. Photographs of other slain rebel lead The pictures include faces that have been circled with na written in -- exactly as in the pictures Oates possessed. They are both stunned.
106) 1) dialog: Hey, Pricey...
106) 2) text: Price looks over to see the smiling Oates.
106) 3) dialog: It's all over, eh? We made it. I  like the singing.
106) 5) dialog: Free country. Now it's free, anyway. (raises his drink) Nicalibre!
106) 6) text: Oates holds up his Kodak Instamatic camera.
106) 7) dialog: How 'bout a quickie? (no response) No? Things are heating up in  Thailand... thought I'd check it  out. (beat) You ain't gonna turn me in, are ya?
106) 9) dialog: Am I gonna see ya in Thailand? We  could be friends!
106) 10) text: Price keeps walking, into the crowd, where he finds Clair Oates orders another Nicalibre, and beats his foot to the music.