29) 0) text: The Three Sandinistas, dressed half in khaki, half recycl disco, are pleading with a young man, PEDRO, 15.
29) 2) dialog: (in Spanish) No, please...
29) 3) text: One of the Sandinistas brings Pedro his rumpled baseball  jersey from another room.
29) 5) text: Pedro sees Price and Claire and is more interested in the He speaks in broken but understandable English.
29) 6) dialog: Americans? Journalists?
29) 8) text: Pedro lights up, and runs to a shelf where he returns wit baseball he is signing.
29) 9) dialog: Ah! I put my autograph on this ball.
29) 11) text: Pedro is more interested in the two Americans.
29) 12) dialog: When you get back to the United  States, I want you to give this ball  to Tippy Martinez for me. He is from  Nicaragua.
29) 13) text: Pedro hands Claire the baseball as the Sandinistas plead  with Pedro for his help. He is more interested in getting the baseball delivered to Tippy Martinez. Claire accepts ball graciously, exchanges awkward glances with Price, an puts it in her shoulder bag.
29) 15) dialog: (to Claire and Price) You come, eh? (to the Sandinistas) Can they come with us?
30) 0) text: A family huddles in the corner as the MAN OF THE HOUSE pu back a couch and a hanging blanket, revealing another hol knocked in the wall. The Sandinistas, Pedro, Claire and P scramble through.
31) 0) text: The Three Sandinistas, Pedro, Claire, and Price emerge. A WOMAN, 50, runs the cafe and welcomes them. The SIX crawl as not to be seen from the street; they stop long enough survey the plaza.
31) 1) text: Half a dozen bodies are scattered across the plaza. Other it is empty. P.O.V. SIX GUARDIA SNIPERS IN THE CHURCH TOWER control th plaza. As we watch, they fire off occasional shots in  different directions--there is no way to cross the plaza. THE WOMAN PULLS A TRAY OF "CONTACT BOMBS" from the oven,  home-made grenades that look like muffins on a tray. Pedr grabs one and pretends to bite into it. The Sandinistas s to laugh and catch themselves as Pedro clowns. Claire and Price aren't sure what the "muffins" are and don't respon mostly they are on edge. The contact bombs are put in a s The woman opens a trap door in the floor, and the six of  them climb down a ladder into a tunnel.
32) 0) text: Pedro leads them with a candle through a dark passage und the street. Overhead we hear gunfire. Rats scurry, and wa runs through an open sewer.
33) 0) text: A tapestry rug is pulled away, and Pedro's head appears. climbs out and soon all the party is in the church. A PRI leads them quickly through an immense, nearly. European  interior of ornate altars and burning candles. The small  party is led to a small corner of the sanctuary where a l rickety ladder leads up to the roof. THE SANDINISTAS SCRAMBLE UP THE LADDER as it sways. Pedro follows with his sack of contact bombs. Then Price goes u as the Priest holds the ladder. The American is much larg than the Nicaraguans -- the ladder squeaks and sways, and when he is nearly at the top: THE LADDER CRACKS as Price reaches the top and is helped safety. The Priest steadies the ladder now made unsafe an clearly Claire wants to go onto the roof.
35) 0) text: The Three Sandinistas, Pedro, and Price are hiding in the shadows of the main church entrance. The Sandinistas are  carefully peeking around the corner, checking out the pla It seems safe. The door opens; the Priest lets Claire out For a moment she looks around to see who's still alive -- the shadows Price looks like one of the Guerrillas. They each other and embrace briefly.
35) 2) text: The Sandinistas seem to relax. The Sandinistas take pride Pedro and pat his left arm for Price and Claire.
35) 9) dialog: Koufax is okay... but Tippy Martinez,  he is the best... he pitches for the  Baltimore Orioles, and some day I  will be the second man from Nicaragua  to play in the major leagues...
35) 11) text: All five of them agree that Pedro is the best; they slap valued arm and relax for the first time all day.
35) 12) dialog: You will give my autographed baseball  to Tippy and tell him in five years  I will be pitching with him, okay?  He better watch out for me, eh?
37) 3) dialog: No, no... you are not combatants. (would rather talk  baseball) The Baltimore team is my team...
37) 4) text: A SHOT RINGS OUT, AND PEDRO'S CHEST EXPLODES in front of Sudden panic, rage, confusion -- the Sandinistas whirl an scan the building. P.O.V. OATES RACING ACROSS THE CATHEDRAL ROOFTOP into the night. PRICE GRABS PEDRO'S GUN AND WHIRLS to face the church; hi action is instinctive, angry, and electric with energy. CLAIRE GRABS PEDRO'S ARM AND DRAGS THE BODY to safety, th there is no safety and the body is lifeless. Her actions protective and automatic. THE SANDINISTAS TAKE CONTROL OF THE SITUATION and move  quickly. Two of them fan out to cover the escape. Price  screams in the direction of Oates,
37) 11) text: The Three Sandinistas fan out toward the church as it get dark. PRICE AND CLAIRE STAND NEXT TO PEDRO, feeling helpless an ineffective. They both look at the body. Price realizes h holding Pedro's gun and places it down next to the body.  Price notices the tiny red light is still glowing on her  tape recorder. He points it out to Claire. She turns it o