12) 35) text: Price is impressed, and yet another new face drops by the booth -- they both recognize and see him coming, a  contemporary of Price, REGIS FLYNN, a scraggly British  journalist who heads over to their table holding three be
12) 38) text: Regis slides into their booth, happy to see them.
12) 39) dialog: G'damn, Price... kudos on the African  snaps. (shakes hands, a  perfunctory kiss on  her cheek) Jeez, Claire, I haven't seen you  since...
12) 41) dialog: Yeah... shit... (wistfully) Holiday Inn, right?
13) 0) text: A teenage DISHWASHER looks around nervously, then pulls a paper sack from off the shelf, removing a strange mask fr it. He pulls the mask over his head. Then from the bag he removes a hand-made zip gun, puts a bullet in it, and dar into the shadows of a nook, waiting. BACK TO THE BOOTH where Regis softly croons a few bars of "Stardust" into Claire's mike. The three of them are havi a good time, mildly drunk at best, and uninhibited.
15) 2) dialog: Before you fall in love -- that's  Marcel Jazy... friend of wine, women,  and Somoza. They say he's a  businessman...
44) 1) text: HAT. Elsewhere mingling are: JAZY, ISELA, PRICE, REGIS. A elaborate array of food sits on the table.
46) 9) text: Price and Regis look at each other strangely -- what's he talking about? They shrug, Regis bites into a papaya, and Hub hurries inside. Price and Regis watch the singer.
48) 7) text: Somoza hands the mike to an aide who returns it to the mu stand. Almost immediately the music begins again. AT THE PRESS TABLE there is some confusion over the  announcement. Some journalists hurry off to file the stor others just sit. Price seems alarmed by the announcement, confused. Slightly wired, he listens to Regis and OTHER  JOURNALIST discuss it.
48) 9) dialog: Every six months Tacho gives this  speech -- maybe they finally lucked  out.
49) 0) text: A rental station wagon covered with press flags races alo Inside the car are the British crew -- Regis drives -- an Price and Claire.
50) 5) dialog: What'd he say?
50) 7) text: Regis and his crew don't like this at all. Price points.
50) 14) dialog: We're not looking for the guerillas.
50) 21) text: THE CAR MOVES DEEPER INTO MATAGALPA, gradually moving amo tanquettas patrolling the streets, coming to a barricade  which they manuever past as Guardia soldiers look at them strangely. The car turns around -- it has come too far. A GUARDIA OFFICER SIGNALS FOR THEM TO GET OUT but the ide doesn't appeal to Regis and he whirls around, panicking  slightly, and heads off in the other direction.
50) 23) dialog: You want to drive?
67) 2) dialog: We got the smoke in frame?
67) 4) dialog: Roll it...
84) 0) text: Journalists are everywhere -- suitcases packed -- trying get out of the country. The registration desk is chaos. R tries to get the attention of the clerk -- so does everyo else.
84) 1) dialog: Get my bill and get me a cab, hey,  amigo!
84) 4) dialog: Cabs!
84) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, Claire...
84) 10) dialog: Nobody has.
84) 12) text: Regis looks at her like she's crazy.
84) 13) dialog: Claire... it's on the weird side out  there...
105) 0) text: PRICE AND CLAIRE COME DOWNSTAIRS to the lobby. They are  cleaned up in fresh clothes; they have survived and the w is over. THE LOBBY IS COMING TO LIFE AGAIN with Regis' camera crew who look like they've had a long night, a BUS BOY, A MAID AN OLD COUPLE, and A WHITE WOMAN, 38, with TWO SMALL DAUG all either sit or mill in the b.g. PRICE AND CLAIRE STOP SHORT at what they see.