3) 0) text: Standing. on the lawn in front of one of them is the woma the opening scene, NATALIE STRUT, prett - eautifl actuall with a little more sleep. She stands wit two small boys w are doing their best to stay warm in the morning air. Her JASON 8 , and his brother DUNCAN 4, who has his face buri his mother's coat--refusing to see or be seen. The truck comes to a stop and two men get out. One is you early 20's, and even at this hour his step is lively, his face full of warmth. He walks over to Natalie and gives h kiss. The young man from the opening scene, rRANK FOWLER. The other man leans back against the passenger door. He i in his early 50's. Kind face, good looking, athletic in h day - Frank's father, MATT. He smiles at Natalie. Natalie smiles back.
3) 3) dialog: Great! Jason starts for the truck. Matt opens the door and the b climbs inside the cab. Frank kneels down to Duncan.
5) 0) text: Matt &amp; Frank prepare the rig. Jason stands on the dock, taking it all in. A field of LOBSTER POTS stacked like cordwood and surrounded by a collection of SCARRED BUOYS, GRAPNEL and coiled FISHING G stiff with sea salt - all so wildly unreasonable as to se exotic. Jason's eyes find the hull of "GIGI" an old Boudreau buil lobsterboat. Starboard side covered in barnacles.
5) 4) dialog: 
5) 11) dialog: and the way the back of a baby's neck smells if its mother keeps it tidy."
5) 16) dialog: Thank you.
5) 18) dialog: No sir.
5) 20) dialog: How'd you get back?
5) 26) text: Then we got a little outboard. That was great. A seven and a half horsepower it was - we lived there until I was about your age - then we left and became "harbor people". Jason seems to be digesting this. JASON
5) 28) text: Yep, Jason - we all are. Jason is full of questions. Matt knows the answers and doesn't talk down to him. Something the boy is grateful f F
5) 29) text: At the helm. His eye s inted from glare and cold. He cuts back on the throttle s and heads for the winch. GLOVED HANDS pull up a BLUE-GREEN BUOY and slide the MANI LINE into the WINCH. A POT surfaces and Frank sets it "Doors up" on the edge. opens the doors. His hands work quickly and efficiently. tosses a SMALL CRAB back into the water, pulls out a LOBS and measures the back. Too small. Then a nice sized LOBST is pulled out - it's missing the SCISSOR CLAW. He hands i Matt. Baits the trap. Throws the winch and the next pot surfaces. Matt sits inside, Jason on his lap. He reaches into a WOO BOX of RUBBER BANDS with a BANDING WRENCH and bands the crustacean's remaining CRUNCHER CLAW. Jason stares at the disfigured creature. MATT
5) 30) text: Oh boy you see what happened to this poor fel ow? JASON
5) 32) text: Well, the trap has nylon nets called heads--2 side heads at b ends, so the lobster can crawl in. The "Bedroom" head inside, holds the bait and keeps it from escaping--you know the old saying "two's company three-s a crowd"? Jason nods.     MATT
5) 34) text: Now the older females like this of gal, are the most dan erous - especially when they're growin' eyries. JASON
5) 37) text: Can you handle this? Jason nods. MATT (GENTLY)
5) 39) text: Go ahead now, put it in the tank. Jason can't get the thing in the tank fast enough.
6) 7) text: Maybe we can borrow hers. Matt follows Willis's gaze, to the object of his distract A PRETTY WOMAN IN TIGHT DENIM SHORTS. She-s bent over to the ketchup-stained face of Jason (he's wearing Matt's ca WILLIS
7) 0) text: is hunched over, with his arms gentl wrapped around Jason coaching him on the finer points of Kitting. While Tim pi F
8) 3) text: Daddy! Frank with Jason, looks up. Jason sees his father. He doesn't move. Natalie walks over to Frank, they exchange glances. NATALIE
8) 4) text: C'mon Jason. JASON
8) 9) text: Richard, eating Duncan's hot dog, rises to meet Natalie a Jason. RIC
8) 10) text: Hey there buddy --.Come on over here Jace- Jason looks away. DUN (TO JASON)
8) 11) text: I told you held come uttface- Jason reaches over and whacks Duncan on the head. RIC (ANGRY)
8) 12) text: Hey Jason - Don't do that to your brother. You want me to do that to you? He probably has. Jason backs away. Frank makes his way over to Natalie.
8) 14) text: Ruth shakes her head. Richard, Frank and Natalie are talking, but there are lon between words. Tim wanders over and says something to Ric Finally, Richard smiles, turns, and exits. Alone. Jason playfully chases Duncan across the yard. Frank and Natalie stay behind, talking quietly. Matt takes a breath, and exhales. He turns to Ruth with a comforting smile, but she's just entering the house. The screen door closes beh her.
13) 3) text: Natalie has her hands full adjusting Jason's uniform whil Duncan clings to her. She is waving up to the Fowlers ami the chaos. THE BLEACHERS. The Fowlers wave back.
13) 10) text: (re: Duncan and Jason) So, how are the kids? Frank's caught off- guard. He shakes his head. RUTH
15) 6) text: I was just dropping that off for Jason. NATALIE
15) 73) text: He said, "Frank, I don't think Jason really understands girls." NATALIE (LAUGHING)
15) 142) text: Best part of the cod - but most outsi ers, they won't touch it. The shack is too warm and smells of cordage and paint, spilled beer and male sweat. Jason is in heaven. HENRY
15) 144) text: There's as many as 80 of em with licenses now - should put up a sign - "Fish your own backyard or lose your traps0" Frank smiles at Jason. FRANK
15) 145) text: A lobster is simple enough Jason. But if the guy going after him is even simpler well he might as well give up. HENRY
15) 149) text: Kinda miss her sometimes, and that truck you're driving .when you headed back to school Frank?- For some reason this strikes both of them as funny and th crack up. Not Jason, he seems concerned by the question. Frank sees this.
16) 0) text: Jason heads off down the pier on his bicycle. He passes M JASON
21) 0) text: Jason looks down from the window. He sees Richard's Subur pull up front. JASON O.S. Mom!!! DOWNSTAIRS
21) 12) text: I said stay here! He lets go and, JASON takes him up in his small arms. JASON (TO DUNCAN)
29) 7) text: 0 Right. I was in Jason and Dunk's room I didn't know what was happening downstairs. I was getting worried. I asked Jason to read Dunk a story. He didn't want a story - He wanted to come with me ... so I sat him back down on the bunk and I left them in the room. KEYES