3) 0) text: Standing. on the lawn in front of one of them is the woma the opening scene, NATALIE STRUT, prett - eautifl actuall with a little more sleep. She stands wit two small boys w are doing their best to stay warm in the morning air. Her JASON 8 , and his brother DUNCAN 4, who has his face buri his mother's coat--refusing to see or be seen. The truck comes to a stop and two men get out. One is you early 20's, and even at this hour his step is lively, his face full of warmth. He walks over to Natalie and gives h kiss. The young man from the opening scene, rRANK FOWLER. The other man leans back against the passenger door. He i in his early 50's. Kind face, good looking, athletic in h day - Frank's father, MATT. He smiles at Natalie. Natalie smiles back.
3) 2) dialog: Morn'in Natalie. How you doing boys?
5) 0) text: Matt &amp; Frank prepare the rig. Jason stands on the dock, taking it all in. A field of LOBSTER POTS stacked like cordwood and surrounded by a collection of SCARRED BUOYS, GRAPNEL and coiled FISHING G stiff with sea salt - all so wildly unreasonable as to se exotic. Jason's eyes find the hull of "GIGI" an old Boudreau buil lobsterboat. Starboard side covered in barnacles.
5) 2) dialog: Hold on a second. Need to know if he's ready first - Jason, can you tell me what's important? Jason hesitates.
5) 12) dialog: 
5) 14) dialog: - come aboard sailor. Matt reaches down to give a hand up. Frank turns the engine over. It roars to life.
5) 17) dialog: Ever been over there?
5) 19) dialog: It's beautiful. Isn't an island anymore though. It's a city. They have electric lights. Artesian wells, even a jail lighthouse isn't manned anymore - it's run by a computer When I lived there, had no ferry then` so we didn't even have cars, can you believe that?
5) 21) dialog: Off the island? Jason nods. We rowed. Matt smiles at the memory.
5) 27) text: I a "harbor person"? Matt hides a smile about to form. MATT
5) 28) text: Yep, Jason - we all are. Jason is full of questions. Matt knows the answers and doesn't talk down to him. Something the boy is grateful f F
5) 29) text: At the helm. His eye s inted from glare and cold. He cuts back on the throttle s and heads for the winch. GLOVED HANDS pull up a BLUE-GREEN BUOY and slide the MANI LINE into the WINCH. A POT surfaces and Frank sets it "Doors up" on the edge. opens the doors. His hands work quickly and efficiently. tosses a SMALL CRAB back into the water, pulls out a LOBS and measures the back. Too small. Then a nice sized LOBST is pulled out - it's missing the SCISSOR CLAW. He hands i Matt. Baits the trap. Throws the winch and the next pot surfaces. Matt sits inside, Jason on his lap. He reaches into a WOO BOX of RUBBER BANDS with a BANDING WRENCH and bands the crustacean's remaining CRUNCHER CLAW. Jason stares at the disfigured creature. MATT
5) 31) text: .what? MATT
5) 32) text: Well, the trap has nylon nets called heads--2 side heads at b ends, so the lobster can crawl in. The "Bedroom" head inside, holds the bait and keeps it from escaping--you know the old saying "two's company three-s a crowd"? Jason nods.     MATT
5) 33) text: Well{ it's like that. You get more than two in a bedroom and chances are something like this is going to happen. That's why Frank can't leave these traps for more than a day. Matt holds up another Lobster and turns it belly-up. Ther are black balls on both sides of the tail. MATT
5) 35) text: Berries? MATT
5) 36) text: Eggs... .one of these can take out two males easy - Then you wind up with lobster you can't sell - and as for this fine lady, she gets off easy, the state says you have to let her go. Matt throws her back in the water. Holds up the other one TT
5) 37) text: Can you handle this? Jason nods. MATT (GENTLY)
5) 38) text: You sure? He really isn't. Matt hands it to him. MATT
6) 5) text: h, Ruth hates this kind. What? MATT
6) 7) text: Maybe we can borrow hers. Matt follows Willis's gaze, to the object of his distract A PRETTY WOMAN IN TIGHT DENIM SHORTS. She-s bent over to the ketchup-stained face of Jason (he's wearing Matt's ca WILLIS
6) 8) text: Ah, what I would give to have back my youth. MATT
6) 9) text: Willis, you never had that in your youth. The woman turns around and catches Willis staring. It's Natalia. Willis looks down, nonchalantly rifling through the bun b Matt waves to a passing man in khaki shorts, FATHER OBERT 50-S-     MATT
6) 15) text: Good luck. She laughs-He grabs and tickles her but she breaks away a escapes inside the house. Matt watches on, and falls into a wistful daydream. WILLIS
6) 16) text: Jealous? Matt turns to him and, to Willis's surprise, ever so slig nods.
6) 50) text: Okay, okay Dunk... She gets dragged out of the kitchen. The screen door slam Ruth finishes arranging the plate. Matt enters, and start opening up the cupboards loo king for something. He squats down, burrowing into a cabinet. MATT
6) 52) text: She hasn't brought them before because she's embarrassed. She shouldn't be embarrassed. Matt looks up from the floor. MATT (TO RUTH)
7) 4) text: I don't know why you had to put that monstrosity up. You're just going to have to take it apart when they leave. Matt rises, a bottle of lighter fluid in hand. MATT
8) 0) text: Matt exits the house.
8) 14) text: Ruth shakes her head. Richard, Frank and Natalie are talking, but there are lon between words. Tim wanders over and says something to Ric Finally, Richard smiles, turns, and exits. Alone. Jason playfully chases Duncan across the yard. Frank and Natalie stay behind, talking quietly. Matt takes a breath, and exhales. He turns to Ruth with a comforting smile, but she's just entering the house. The screen door closes beh her.
9) 0) text: Matt &amp; Ruth sit watching BARRY L DON. The duel betwee Lord Bullingdon is on screen. Bullingdon's pistol misfire LORD BULLINGDON
9) 6) text: very well then - Mr. Lyndon cock your pistol and prepare to fire. Bullingdon is overwrought. He looks like he may vomit. Ruth leans over to Matt. RUTH
9) 7) text: Let's go. Ruth gets out of her seat. Matt looking confused follows.
10) 0) text: Ruth heads out the doors with Matt on her heels. MATT
10) 2) text: I don't remember it being so tragic. MATT
10) 4) text: Please. MATT
10) 6) text: What are you talking about? MATT
10) 8) text: Don't start that again. A moment. He takes her in his arms and kisses her. Looks her eyes. MATT
10) 10) text: Happy anniversary. He buries his face in her hair. 9 G MATT ` RUTH
10) 13) text: She's not divorced yet. MATT
10) 17) text: Then what's he doing with her? MATT
10) 19) text: Hmmmm. He won't listen to me. I asked him three times to dismantle that swing-set. MATT
10) 21) text: He needs his head in school. Not in her. MATT
10) 23) text: it would help if you were my side. MATT (PLAYFULLY)
11) 0) text: Elwyn sits bare chested on a table. Matt finishes bandagi elbow - then listens to his chest with a stethoscope. He careful and thoughtful. Alma looks to him. Worried. MATT
11) 1) text: You can put your shirt back on now. Alma stands and helps her husband dress. Yesterday he was up and around all afternoon, but toda - he tumbled. He's fallen down twice. have all I can do to get him up. He's weak and the longer you lay in bed - the weaker you get. MATT
11) 2) text: Elwyn, you need to do those exercises, you promised me, twice a day. I know you miss the work - important. but it's ALMA TO MATT)
11) 4) text: (speaks with difficulty) How's your dad Matt? I'm sorry Dr. now Elwyn you remember Jesse Fowler passed on somi&amp;ime back, we were at the funeral. Remember? Elwyn nods.     18
11) 5) text: Matt knows. He's heard this before. Sometimes he feels mo a mechanic than a doctor, working on old cars with parts have long been discontinued. He nods sympathetically.
12) 0) text: Matt trots down the gangway and up to where the "GIGI" is moored. He looks in. No sign of Frank. A VOICE BOOMS from new 35ft. JONESPORTER - it belongs to HENRY OZAR 50's. HENRY
12) 1) text: Just missed him Matt, he went home for lunch today. MATT
12) 4) text: Frank? Frank? Hello? FRANK O.S. Dad. Matt turns around, and sees Frank, MATT
12) 9) text: Hello, Dr. Fowler. MATT
12) 11) text: .with my mom. Then. MATT (TO NATALIE))
13) 1) text: Frank is sandwiched between Matt and Ruth. They are surro by dozens of young parents. Ruth doesn't look too tilled to be here. FRANK
13) 2) text: Wave you guys. Matt and Ruth follows Frank's gaze, to: DOWN BELOW
13) 4) text: Matt 's suddenly inspired. He leans in past Ruth, to Fran MATT
13) 6) text: How good what was? MATT
13) 8) text: That's what it's there for... Frank leans back behind Ruth to give his father the evil He gets a grin from Matt for his trouble. Ruth almost cat it. Matt rises, shuffles past Ruth and Frank, whom he gives a pat on the knee. Hot dogs? FRANK
15) 89) text: Matt, kneeling in front of the reclining chair. It's back her. MATT
15) 92) text: Oh my God. Matt holds Frank's jaw. He gently turns his face toward t lamp. Frank has stitches over his right eye. The blood under th white of the pupil oozing. Both lips are bright and swoll F DAD MATT
15) 95) text: Ex, he dropped in. He takes the compress from Matt and gingerly applies it t forehead. MATT
15) 98) text: What's to stop him from doing it again? MATT
15) 100) text: I don't think I touched him. Matt pulls up the skin around the bloody eye. F
15) 101) text: ! Jesus, Dad! Ruth stares at the Hospital band around Frank's wrist. 8 -`V MATT
15) 110) text: Oh for God's sake. (TO MATT)
15) 112) text: You didn't call them? MATT
15) 116) text: Matt. I
15) 117) dialog: We have to call them Frank. F
15) 125) text: Please listen. The sooner you end this thing the better. Ruth exhales. She returns to Matt, who is leaning against the recliner, in hand, deep in thought. RUTH
15) 126) text: What are we going to do? Matt deliberates. MATT
15) 130) text: Matt are you going to call the police or do I have to? You just ..s- Bd me what I think. if you want to call them. call them.     32
15) 133) text: It's not the first time she's played around. Matt seems relieved that she's talking to him. He sits on bed and starts taking off his shoes. MATT
15) 135) text: I mean from before. MATT
15) 137) text: Oh, come on - you've heard the same things I have. MATT
15) 139) text: Maybe he still loves her. Matt looks from Ruth, out the bedroom door, and into the hallway. He sees Frank rounding the top of the stairs. He gets up and closes the bedroom door.
15) 146) text: Don't hurt my feelings any. Easy to talk Try fishing in the winter, cold as hell 10, 12, 20 below - no matter Go, go, go, you've gotta go. You want your bread &amp; flour, you gotta goo F
16) 1) text: Hi, Dr. Fowler Matt waves.     31+
17) 0) text: Frank is hosing down the hull, as Matt makes his way down gangway. MATT
17) 2) text: Not too bad, about forty pounds. MATT
17) 4) text: You know where to find me. MATT
17) 6) text: Has it come to this? He jumps back into the boat and retrieves the bait bucket MATT
17) 8) text: You having to run errands for Mom. Matt ignores the jibe. Frank starts stacking holding crat F
17) 9) text: I'm thinking of building a couple hundred more traps - see if I can do better than break even. Matt doesn't comment. He picks up a crate and throws it u MATT
17) 11) text: Right ...unless Henry takes me on as his ster an. % Q They continue stacking. MATT
17) 13) text: Maybe ...it's as good a life as any. Good enough for your father - sometimes things skip a generation. MATT
17) 15) text: Why? So I can have an Ivy Lea e education like you? Christ, i it's so great - how come you sneak out of that office everyday to come down here? MATT
17) 18) text: I don't know dad---I don't know. Matt takes a seat next to him. A moment. F
17) 19) text: She's a wonderful girl ...I see that. Frank looks lost. The silence is broken by a loud voice. HENRY O.S. Franks how lon you gonna be parked there I'd like to un oad. The two of them regard each other. F (TO MATT)
20) 0) text: Frank drives. Traps stacked in the bed. He slows down to gaze out his window, as he passes NAT IE' S HOUSE. The truck crawls to a stop. He takes the moment, storin each detail: Folded up lounge chairs. Scattered toys on t 9e porch. A tipped-over tricy He idles, as if waiting for someone. After one last look drives off. I NT. GRINNEL HOUSE - BASEMENT - E. ...g The sightsand sounds of men gathered around a poker table regular game. Everyone well into their umpteenth beer, wi the exception of Matt, who nurses a can o Moxien, Matt frowns at his hand. He glances over to Frank r also at the table. Frank stares at his cards, but nd is elsewhere. WILLIS
20) 1) text: You can't hypnotize the cards into changing, Matt. , late 50's, peers above his readin glasses. He is a lobster man by trade but fancies himself a poet.     38 WILLIS
20) 2) text: For Christ's sake bet - or you know Carl's gonna start. Carl is indeed. "The be gar's do and widow's cat, Feed them an thou wi t grow fat. The gnat that sings his s er's song- Collective groans. Poison gets from slander's tongue. The poison of the snake and newt- Is the sweat of envy's foot. The poison of the honey bee. Is the artist's jealousy-" MATT
20) 3) text: Alright Carl. Two bucks. Matt throws his two bucks in. MATT
20) 5) text: Don't get him going Matt. CARL
20) 6) text: When I do my own stuff, you guys bitch &amp; moan. WILLIS MATT
22) 1) text: Matt? He lowers what we now see to be X.Ray and kills the light TT'S OFFICE
22) 2) text: He hesitates, presses the blinking hold button, picks up receiver. MATT
22) 6) text: Great. The girls gather their things and start out, laughing and running after each other. Matt stands in the hallway as t rush past. BLACK FADE IN:
23) 0) text: Frank's casket is lowered into the ground. A large gathering of relatives and friends stand before F Oberti as he finishes the eulogy. Matt's arm is tightly interlocked with Ruth's, beneath he eyes - swelling from three days of suffering. Their hands c enched to ether make one fist, both parents keeping the other uprig t. The rain glides down their faces, mixing e with tears. Matt steps up to Frank's open grave. The gathering watches as Matt peers down into the hole, silently speaking to it. He reaches down, grabs a fistful dirt. Then tosses it into the open grave. Matt pauses, staring down, into the hole --- He steps back, as Father Oberti delivers the end of his e Matt looks blankly around, noticing the family's many fri includin ; Carl and Henry from the game, Willis and Katie Frank's friend, T° Matt's eyes linger on someone behind T°    
23) 1) text: A LONE FEMALE FIGURE IN BLACK, away from the crowd. Natal Their eyes meet. Matt, almost imperceptibly, nods.
23) 4) text: Can I get you anything? Matt suddenly looks up at them, as if confused. MATT
23) 6) text: She went to lie down, Matt. He turns d heads upstairs. Willis and Katie watch him go. UPSTAIRS
23) 7) text: Matt approaches their bedroom. The door is a BEDROOM
23) 8) text: He steps in, to Ruth, who is on the bed. Her back is to h a arently sleeping. Crumbled tissues litter the bed, the f oor, Matt ietl moves to her. He reaches down, about to touch h head. Something stops h°     1-5
23) 11) text: Matt slowly enters. He looks around, as if freezing the r his memory. The place is untouched. Frank's many sketches are still p wall. Some clothes lie scattered on the floor. His fishin Matt starts to pick up. He takes Frank's clothes from the and places them on his bed. He looks at a dirty T-shirt in his hand. He brings it to inhales deeply, able to smell his son's lingering scent- Finally, he sets the shirt on the bed. Wanders around. St near Frank's drafting table- He reaches out, touching the table, grazing°the topogra scattered pencils - drawings strewn across it- The Froe e He takes a seat at the table. Feeling its frame, the sket the seat below- And without warning he is overcome. He lurches forward, burying his face in his hands. The sobs come unrestrained violently, like a sudden tidal wave.
24) 0) text: A LAUGH-TRACK fills the air. Ruth in pajamas and bathrobe, watches a stand-up comic on She sips tea from a mug. Matt appears at the door, kettle in hand. MATT
27) 0) text: Matt sits behind his desk catching up on some paperwork. Janelle appears in the doorway. JANELLE
27) 1) text: I'm going to lunch Dr. Fowler-- .alright She continues smiling as though ting to extend her tender avoids eye-contact. cie Leaves. Matt looks relieved.
27) 3) text: A MUTED news show plays on a ceiling at the far end of th booths. A sign on the wall reads T your "Forget about lun breakfast. Willis carries over two plates with omelettes, parks them the table, and takes a seat across from Matt. WILLIS
27) 4) text: Don't worry, I didn't make em. Matt takes a bite. He winces. WILLIS
27) 6) text: Sorry. Matt takes another bite. Better, WILLIS
27) 7) text: You got back to work so quick, Matt. It's not too soon? MATT
27) 9) text: Oh,.you know, same old crap. Got held up again, you knew that. MATT
27) 11) text: yeah...they got seventy five bucks. MATT
27) 13) text: They would have gotten something else if I'd been on the till. Matt nods. WILLIS
27) 14) text: How you doin', Matt? You on't write, you don't call. Where'd the love go? '0-' MATT
27) 15) text: Nag nag nag. Matt glances at an old clipping from the BOSTON GLOBE sta to the wall. It's a photo from the 67 Redsox dream to     48
27) 16) text: Petrocelli, Yaztrems i and Reggie Smith, each hold u two fingers, they are s °ling after hitting consecutive omer Matt remembers. Happier days. WILLIS
27) 17) text: They set the bail hearing yet? MATT
27) 19) text: Are you going? MATT
27) 21) text: If it's too much for Ruth, I'll come with you Matt. MATT
27) 23) text: The criminal trial set yet? MATT
27) 25) text: October? MATT
27) 27) text: Christ, they take their time. MATT
27) 29) text: They're keeping him busy, I'm sure - You know where they'll move h once he's sentenced? Matt shifts the focus to his omelette. MATT
27) 31) text: Hey, Pete. Tabasco. Pete! Ah, shit. He heads to the back. Matt looks out the window. A refrig truck with the STROUT logo on it's side pulls to a stop a light. Willis returns with sauce in hand.     49
27) 33) text: Next weekend Matt- We really want you to come up to the c p- Katie's insisting. Not to pressure you or anything. But if you don't come se's going to invite her sister and that idiot and I know I'm going to wind up insulting him again. Matt considers this. WILLIS
27) 34) text: The future of my family is in your hands. MATT
27) 38) text: Thanks. Matt stares aimlessly out the window. Willis goes back to his eggs. Both men comfortable enough with each other to be silent. WILLIS
27) 39) text: How's Ruth doing? MATT
27) 44) text: (not looking up) How was your day? Matt carries the bags into the kitchen. MATT .S. Fine. Saw Willis- RUTH
27) 45) text: My day was fine, too, thanks. Matt comes out of the kitchen. MATT
27) 47) text: That sounds fine. He turns, a little surprised. MATT
27) 51) text: Great. Tell them yes. MATT (HOPEFUL)
29) 6) text: So you were bringing your children up to their bedroom ... Natalie's glance wanders to the gallery, to Matt and Ruth She,sits on her hands to keep them from shaking. NATALIE
29) 26) text: It's not just your case. Now you can file a civil suit. I recommend it. But not now, wait till after the crimminal trial. Matt stares at a small cartoonish statue on Davis's desk. one of those things that were popular in the 70's. A litt chasing an ambulance. It reads "World's Greatest Lawyer." RUTH
29) 31) text: Oh my god, oh my god. Matt jumps in. MATT
29) 37) text: What? MATT
29) 40) text: Ten years? Five years? Are you out of your mind!? He killed my son. Does anyone know this? Matt looks at his shoes, as Ruth glares down Davis. Davis sits back, a little shook up. DAVIS
30) 0) text: Matt drives. Ruth looks out the windshield. Both in their own worlds. Ruth turns to look out her side window. T CANNERY'S STACKS ARE HUMPING. RUTH
30) 1) text: You took the whole day? Matt nods. CAR DRIVES PAST T SITE.    
31) 5) text: Dr. Fowler, have you had any contact with Mr- Strout? Matt stands paralyzed, a deer caught in the headlights. THE KITHCHEN
31) 6) text: Matt enters as Ruth takes the plates to the sink. She kee back to him. He pulls off his coat. MATT
31) 11) text: He opens a cupboard door and grabs some Fig Newtons. He stands there eating them, the door of the cupboard is lon the kind you see in old capes. Matt stares at the inside the door. His finger slides down the length, he kneels do We see what he's looking at. Pen and pencil marks straigh lines each about two inches apart - each with Frank's nam and aqe. T DEN
31) 12) text: Matt sits in his chair. The plays, muted. He °s looks at but he's not watching. Finally, he rises, clicks the off, with the remote, and flicks off the light.
33) 0) text: Matt wearing a light coat over his pajamas, sits behind t wheel of his car listening to the game. He glances down at a piece of paper with an address. Then out his windshield, looking at the corner duplex unit.
34) 0) text: Ruth sits at the table in her bathrobe. Smoking. The CAMD HERALD in one hand. The COURIER GAZETTE, and THE WORKING WATERFRONT within easy reach. Matt enters, fully dressed in jeans and a sweater. He win the smoke. RUTH
34) 1) text: You slept late. For you. Matt pours himself some coffee. MATT
34) 4) text: Well there it is in black and white. You should read some of the things he says. Unbelievable. Matt takes a sip of coffee. He glances down at the paper. He nods, without really looking. MATT
34) 5) text: yeah. He checks his watch. MATT
34) 7) text: Where? It's Saturday. MATT
34) 8) text: I won't be gone long. He bends, kisses her lightly on the cheek. MATT
34) 16) text: Could I possibly get another bag? Natalie quickly double bags the woman's groceries. There is a break in the customer flow. Natalie steps to t of the counter. MATT
34) 18) text: Oh. We're at my mother's house now. I'm sorry, I wanted to call you ... MATT
34) 20) text: Dr. Fowler ..-I' so...I don't even know how to begin... MATT
34) 21) text: You don't have to. NATALIE ? er I didn't lie the first time, I didn't, it's just - how it came out. I'm so sorry. matt nods, as if he had assumed as much.     60 NATALIE
34) 22) text: Is s- Fowler .-- does she know you're here? The Man places a 12- ack of beer on the counter. Natalie to Matt, who shakes his head no. Natalie steps back to the register and rings up the beer. Her chin quivers. She makes a mistake on the register, ha start over. A few more customers gather on line. NATALIE (TO CUSTOMER)
34) 23) text: Can I get you anything else? She rings him up. Makes change as another customer steps Matt steps near her, trying to maintain privacy. MATT (QUIETLY)
34) 24) text: How are the boys? Are they okay? Natalie, choked by emotion, cannot respond. Near tears, s puts her hand up, unable to speak. Matt reaches out to touch her arm. His gesture is interrupted as: She pulls the cigarettes from an overhead rack. The Man p Matt stays a moment longer. There's nothing else to say. He leaves. She returns to her job.
40) 0) text: Two Hefty bags are dragged along the walk. Matt tosses on next to a garbage that sits just inside the garage. He pi up the other bag tossing it inside. The bottom splits and grass spills out onto the drive-way goes inside and returns with a broom. He sweeps the rass into a pile. Picking up handfuls and refilling the gay. He takes the broom and sweeps what's l back toward the la . He stops, stares down at his feet. IN THE CEMENT; A child's handprints°and writing, Frank 8 Ruth's car pulls into the driveway. She gets out, almost slamming the car door. Without a word, she moves past Matt, and into the house. Matt continues sweeping.
40) 2) text: Matt? She steps to the window, pulls back the shears and looks Through the window, in the dark, alone, flashlight in han Matt is dismantling the swin set.
40) 18) text: I wanted to have more ..abut we had Frank, and Matt was just starting his practice.. - - -I guess it made sense. KATIE (GUILELESS)
41) 0) text: A great, endless, expanse of Fir trees. We are f up, looking out at this timbered landscape that seems to stretch forever. Matt stands before the edge of a cliff, d.ressr ` "- a sh sleeved shirt. He takes a deep breath of the ( ri. . -oun A steady CHOPPING rhythm is heard in the background. Matt turns. Willis is chopping the last of some firewood. MATT
41) 3) text: All the way to the other shoreline. Matt turns to him, grinning. WILLIS
41) 4) text: Almost three hundred and fifty acres. Know what it went for when I bought it? You don't want to know. Matt continues surveying, awed. Willis turns, starts walking back to his chore. WILLIS
41) 5) text: Come on, I'll let you help me. Matt joins him. Together, they bundle up the wood.
41) 7) text: Matt and Willis load the wood into a small trailer attach a GREEN POLARIS MAGNUM 500 ATV. WILLIS
41) 10) text: Matt sits behind Willis on the ATV as they pull the wood road. The trees clear and we see the cabin. A GREEN SUBAR FORESTER is parked in front.
41) 17) text: (to Matt and Ruth) It's a little jeep. S , ATV, C - what's with all these .--? She searches for the word. Little help? Anyone, anyone? RUTH (FINALLY )
41) 22) text: Thanks, buddy. Matt hel s himself to the last of the wine- Re se s to ha a ite bit Ruth watches as he drains the bottle. She shoots him a look. He catches it - , V o-, A moment.     68 RUTH (LOOKING AWA )
43) 0) text: Ruth asleep in the back seat, it-s been a long weekend. M glances over at her, then up to the front We are outside the car as it waits for the Drawbridge to close, so it may continue. We hear the following from perspective. I MATT 1?? 0`1
44) 0) text: Ruth is at the table, alone, dressed for rehearsal, hair She finishes her breakfast as she pours through the weeke mail. Matt in a suit, steps in to say goodbye. MATT
44) 2) text: Okay. MATT
44) 3) text: You ready to go back? RUTH     70 MATT (T IN )
44) 5) text: Who looks to Ruth for some kind of reaction. Nothing. Matt heads out the door. Ruth continues sorting the mail. She stops on one piece. Seems stunned, repeatedly reading THE ENVELOPE
45) 0) text: Matt is in his office, on the phone. MATT (INTO PHONE
45) 1) text: Well that's totall unacceptable isn't it? - Well what did he say? uh huh well, we can't allow that m I guess we're gonna have to show him how the cow eats the cabbage. Janelle knocks on the door. MATT
45) 4) text: He's Ann Collit's son. I thought. Well, you know, I thought you might want to MATT
45) 5) text: (into the phone) I'll call back later. He hangs up. He gets up and grabs his jacket MATT
45) 7) text: .o.k. Matt leaves her standing there.
45) 9) text: William Davis's secretary, REGINA, 40, sits at her desk. on a call, Matt stands waiting. REGINA (HANGING UP)
45) 10) text: I'm Sorry, Dr. Fowler, you just missed him. MATT
45) 13) text: He's across the street. I NT. kUURRET ON MAIN RESTAURANT DAY A bustling dining room, packed with businessmen. The nice place in town it's lunch hour. The doors open. Matt enters. He scans the room. His eyes set on WILLIAM DAVIS
45) 15) text: Matt makes his way over to the table. Davis sees h' DAVIS
45) 16) text: Hey, Matt. Matt stands awkwardly, as Davis' companions look on. DAVIS (POLITE)
45) 17) text: Have a seat. Matt hesitates, takes a seat next to Davis. Manages an obligatory smile to the others. The conversati resumes.
45) 19) text: We're doing all we can, Matto I promise you that. MATT
45) 21) text: There's nothing... Matt takes Davis' arm. MATT
45) 22) text: It can't be manslaughter. There's got to be something - isn't there something you can find? A piece of evidence? That happens - doesn't that happen? He realizes he's holding Davis' arm. He lets goo Davis looks at Matt sympathetically. DAVIS
45) 23) text: We really are doing everything we can, Matt - But I'm not going to lie to you - We've got no witnesses - only Strout - who claims there was a struggle - and forensic can't determine if there was a struggle. because of the condition the house was in when Frank got there. Matt says nothing. ¢Q., They come to the corner. Matt steps under an awning and into the shade.     73
45) 25) text: I'm sorry att. if it helps, we all want this guy put away. We have kids, too. Matt nods, without looking at him. Matt looks at Davis's hand moving the change. He becomes hypnotized by the sound. Davis continues talking. Matt can't hear a word of it, though. All he hears is the clinking of the coins in the pocket.
46) 0) text: Matt stands in the wheelhouse, he brings the helm about,. back on the throttle and heads for the winch, the stern i stacked with four high rows of Frank's empty traps. Matt pulls up a string of pots. Opens the door and pulls a young male. He flinches and drops it. His finger goes t his mouth.
47) 0) text: Matt at the wheelhouse heading in. His hand on the wheel, blood trickles from his finger. He sucks on it again, rea down underneath his feet and pulls a band-aid from a box applies it to the finger.
47) 10) text: A grow of workers file out, gabbing, starting to strip the eves of their smocks and hair-nets. Tim, Frank's friend, exits with his co-workers. He climbs into his mini pick-up, and pulls out of the lot A few seconds later, from outside the lot, Matt's car pul AWAY-
47) 16) text: Matt is passing by his table. TIM
47) 17) text: Dr. Fowler? Matt flinches, "surprised" to see Tim.
47) 19) text: No - no, I don't even see Richard anymore. And he'd never tell me anything, believe Me. Matt takes a pull of beer. MATT
47) 21) text: No -a- MATT
47) 22) text: I was thinking, Richard's brothers, they're still working with you, right? They must talk. Tim throws a nervous look over to the table where his fri ea They're oblivious to the conversation. He looks back to Matt, shifting in his seat. Matt leans forward. He speaks in an intense whisper. MATT
47) 23) text: I'm just saying, Tim, if we could find something, something concrete. If you could just ... it could be just a slip of the tongue --- Tim looks into Matt's eyes, feeling the torment. TIM
47) 24) text: I'll keep my ears open. Matt looks at him, dissatisfied. TIM
47) 25) text: It's funny running into you here, Dr. Fowler. Matt looks at Tim blankly, then finishes his beer.     77
47) 27) text: Matt pulls into the left-hand turn lane and signals. There is a car in front of h° Above the licence plate is yellow sticker which reads "Student Driver-" The plate it is a vanity plate it says P Y4US- A 73 BLUE PICK- truck eases to a stop in the right lane, to Matt's car. Matt glances over, for a moment he half expects to see Fr He cracks the passenger side window, for a better look. He stares at the driver's window. Their window rolls down. attractive girl with short brunette hair stares back at Matt. Lost in the absurdity, he doesn't look away. The light changes. The girl smiles sweetly and blows him a kiss, before continuing through the light. Matt watches her go - he smiles - as if somehow relieved. The car behind him gives a polite toot - Matt makes the left.
47) 39) text: F'inall , .having resolved something in her mind, she clo the refrigerator door- revealing, taped to it, several newspaper articles on the case, gathered by her, no doubt including one with a picture of Frank. MATT
47) 40) text: How did it go today? She doesn't answer. MATT
47) 42) text: Wrong? Like what, Matt? What could be wrong? She continues "straightening up", starts recklessly washi dishes. Matt doesn't leave. A plate SHATTERS in the sink. This stops her. She stares at it, then feels his presence turns around. RUTH
47) 43) text: What do you want? He looks unsure of himself. MATT
47) 45) text: Right. MATT
47) 48) text: Matt takes this in. He breathes deeply. MATT
47) 50) text: Talk, talk ... oh, you must mean about our dead son. No, we haven't before, why should we bother now? They stare at each other across the kitchen. MATT (SLOW BURN)
47) 52) text: Forget it, Matt. Why don't you just go ... MATT (BUILDING)
47) 54) text: I want you to stop acting like nothing's happened! That's what I want. MATT
47) 56) text: No, Matt, That would require feelings. We don't want you to hurt yourself. MATT
47) 58) text: yeah, I know how you grieve. have another beer. He spins back. MATT
47) 60) text: No, I don't know, Matt. I don't know what you go through, or if you go through ything. But that's your choice, dear, not mine...     81 MATT
47) 62) text: Reasonable? e, Matt, I don' t know about you, but I ss my son. I'm glad you have time for reason. That's what you imparted to Frank, That sense of reason - Oh, he thought you were very reasonable. MATT
47) 64) text: Nothing. She turns back to the dishes. He moves in on her, seething. MATT
47) 67) text: He's fast on her heels. She heads for the bedroom. MATT
47) 68) text: Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something! She throws the door closed behind her, but he bangs it op with his palm. MATT
47) 71) text: He's right behind her.     82 MATT
47) 73) text: He wouldn't talk to me, Matt. He didn't trust me. You made sure of that. LIVING ROOM. MATT
47) 75) text: No. But you did. You were winking at him the whole time. You encouraged him. You wanted what he had. Her. MATT
47) 77) text: You know it. Come on. You wanted it, and you couldn't get it - that's why you didn't stop him so you could get your kicks through your son. You know that's what happened. And now you can't cope with it. You can't admit the truth - To me, or to yourself - You can't admit that he died for ygur fantasy piece of ass. Matt, stunned, reels for a second And then, finally, explodes. TT
47) 79) text: That is not true. MATT
47) 80) text: It is! From the time he was little you were telling him why he was wrong. Everything he did was wrong. What was wrong with him, Ruth? She stares at him, dumbfounded. 1 011 MATT
47) 81) text: You are so unfor ivinge You are. That's what he said. Ana you're playing the same shit out with me - That's a horrible way to be! Horrible. You're bitter, Ruth. You can point your finger at me all you want     83 MATT
47) 83) text: I just wanted to talk about what happened, Matt. MATT
47) 84) text: You expect me just to open up to you? Embrace you? You scare me. How can I talk to you? I can't even look at you. They suddenly become aware of the DOORBELL, ringing, over over. They watch each other, both reeling, both out of breath. DOORBELL continues. MATT (COMPLETELY DRAINED)
47) 86) text: Matt opens it. There is no cop, just Kristen Gellar, 12, gymnast who'd like to compete in Hawaii. KRISTEN (REHEARSED)
47) 87) text: Hi there. I'm Kristen Gellar from the Rockland Gymnastics Association - Today we're selling brand name candy. Each purchase is matched by the Tandy corporation to help us meet our goal of travelling to Oahu to compete in the East/West conference. Matt's in another world. He stares at her. MATT
47) 89) text: Terrific, how many? We have a special today, 6 bars for ten dollars. Ok...sure. if by rote, Matt pulls out his wallet and hands her a ten KRISTEN
47) 91) text: She finally hands him an assortment. MATT
47) 93) text: if you could just sign this. I have to give you a receipt. I'm sorry .this pen-- Matt hands her one from his pocket. Matt waits as the girl fills out and hands him the receip He closes the door before she can thank h°
47) 96) text: Yes? MATT
47) 98) text: I'm so sorry... He looks at her, as she starts to cry. He moves closer to her. MATT
47) 100) text: No, you're right, Matt, You are am-.. horrible. ?-` MATT
47) 102) text: I don't blame you, Matt. I just... that girl came by. She came by the school, and I couldn't forgive her. I was so... She lets go, crying hard. He lifts her head onto his lap. He reaches out, stroking her head, pulling her matted hai her forehead as she sobs into his lap. RUTH
47) 103) text: I'm sorry. I have been so an - I keep seeing him, Matt. I've seen him. Matt nods, but he's not really clear. MATT (CONFUSED)
47) 105) text: Not Frank. Matt freezes. Then. RUTH
47) 107) text: .and I don't know what to do. MATT
47) 109) text: Eve here - Downtown, and the market. I saw at South End. He smiled at me, Matt - I keep running into him ... he s °led. Matt still strokes her hair. But he's in another world.     86
47) 117) text: Asshole, Matt smiles. He's missed these guys. CARL
47) 119) text: Raise a buck. The bet's to Matt. He stares at his cards for a very long time. Willis looks to say something, when Henry hits his This stops him. Matt looks up. He sees the patience they are all exercisi for his typical indecisiveness. This bothers him. He stares back down at his cards. Stalling, waiting for someone to bust him. He looks u at Willis - Henry - Carl. They all sort of smi uncomfortably. He can't take it. TT
47) 120) text: Oh, for Christ sake say something! This wakes them up.     87 MATT
47) 121) text: Quit pussy footing around me d 't! You just gonna let me stare at these cards all night!? No one wants to make the first move. This upsets Matt even more. MATT
47) 122) text: O.K. fine! He stares back down at his cards. Finally it is Carl who speaks. There are things of which I may not speak; There are dreams that cannot die; There are thoughts that make the strong heart weak, And bring a pallor into the cheek, And a mist before the eye. And the words of that fatal song come over me like a chill: A boy's will is the wind's will, And the thoughts of youth are long, long thoughts. Matt looks up from his cards into Carl's eyes. The two men regard each other.
48) 0) text: The game has ended. Matt says goodnight to Henry and Carl the two of them pull out of Willis Is driveway. Matt is a leave. Just climbing in the front seat. When Willis puts on his shoulder. WILLIS
48) 3) text: Soon baby, Matt's still here.
48) 7) text: She's all set - now what can I get you? MATT
48) 10) text: Sit down Matt you're making me nervous. Matt takes a seat. WILLIS
48) 11) text: I'm glad you came tonight. MATT
48) 13) text: Boy, Carl really laid on the verse huh? MATT (CHUCKLING)
48) 16) text: What? MATT
48) 18) text: C'mon what is it?     89 MATT
48) 19) text: This thing with - with Frank when he was about three, I guess. We were over at my folkls house. MATT
48) 21) text: Why do you think he pointed to his finger? Matt shakes his head. TT (SEARCHING)
48) 23) text: He gets up and heads to the bar. MATT (TO HIMSELF)
48) 25) text: I was thinking just the other day about the last time Frankie was- Matt cuts him off. His name was Ar k. Not Frankie. Willis looks stunned. WILLIS
48) 26) text: .I'm sorry Matt. I don't care ...he just never liked being called that.     90 WILLIS
48) 29) text: Christ. MATT
48) 31) text: You know what I heard? He's tending bar up to Old Orchard Beach. Matt looks up. WILLIS
48) 32) text: For a friend. Ever notice even the worst bastards have friends? Nobody knows him over there. If they°do, they don't care. They drink what he mixes Willis sets a can of Moxie down in front of Matt. WILLIS
48) 34) text: I hate him, Matt. My boys went to school with h° He was the same thei.,- Know what he' 11 do? Five at the most - And then you' 11 e bumping into h all over AGAIN
48) 37) text: it'd break my heart Matt, it would, but - you ever think about just - moving away? Matt nods. Stares into his hands for a long time.
48) 39) text: It wouldn't matter.
49) 0) text: The voice is joined by another and becomes a duet. We tur find the voices and see we are at the foot of a small kno A steeple in the distance pokes thorough the last blue hu as the sun dies. Looking around we see an ancient gazebo then stairs leading up to a stone library - A boulder at foot of another knoll - above - descending toward us - The girls, each holding a single candle,dressed in bright embroidered smocks, enter in procession singing -Jennie M Mama. " The effect is beautiful and feels like a sort of quickeni The group proceeds down the hill and blossoms into an - AMPHITHEATER which faces the harbor. Ruth stands at the bottom of the proscenium - her arms up - directing the ch The place is filled with half the town. ANGLE MATT
50) 5) text: Fuckin' bitch. He turns and freezes. Matt Fowler stands a few feet away, an Ortaies calibre 7.65 automatic directly at Richard's face. His gloved han grips the gun tightly. RICHARD
50) 6) text: Dr. Fowler? MATT
50) 8) text: He . wait a minute. Let's, let's just calm down... Matt COCKS the gun. RIC
50) 9) text: Alright! Shit. Richard obeys. He unlocks both doors. Matt opens the back door, but stays planted, the gun trai Richard. Richard gets in the driver's seat. Matt climbs in the bac He presses the gun's muzzle against the back of Richard's
50) 11) text: Is there any one at your place? RIC (IRONICALLY) NOT TONIGHT     93 MATT
50) 12) text: Good. Drive there. Richard looks over his shoulder to back the car up. Matt aims at his temple, but does not look at his eyes. Richard finishes backing up and puts it into drive. MATT
51) 0) text: Matt can see the ocean. He uncocks the revolver. Matt cracks the window. Matt leans down in his seat. He transfers the gun into hi left hand, removes the glove from his right, and wipes th sweat from his bare palm onto his pantleg. He puts the gl back on, gripping the gun. Richard's Brown Suburban drives down an alley adjacent to Park and turns onto a deserted Main Street.
51) 2) text: He was making it with my wife. His voice is careful, not pleading. Matt presses hard with the muzzle against Richard's head. Richard flinches and moves his head forward. Matt lowers the gun to his lap. MATT
51) 5) text: You wouldn't have it cocked, would you? For when I put on the brakes. Matt COCKS it. It is now. Richard tenses. He drives around the side of the building
52) 0) text: The Brown Suburban inches forward toward the garage and brakes. The engine shuts off. Matt keeps the cocked gun firmly trained on Richard. He g out and shuts the door with his hip. MATT
52) 1) text: All right. Richard looks at the gun, then gets out. He moves across grass. Matt closely behind, looking at the row of small backyard either side of them and scattered tall trees. He glances from house to house. Looking for signs of one insomniac neighbor, some man or woman sitting alone watch the all-night channel from Boston. All is quiet. They move up the back walk and to the side kitchen door. Matt stands directly behind Richard as he opens the door. It-s pitch black inside the duplex. MATT
52) 2) text: Turn on the light. Richard flips the wall switch. in the light. Matt stares at his wide back, and long reach.
52) 6) text: Matt grips the gun tighter, straining to keep it from ling. MATT
52) 8) text: in the bedroom closet. MATT
52) 9) text: That's where were going then. When we get to a door you stop and turn on the light. They cross the kitchen. Matt can't help but glance at the sink and stove and refrigerator: no dishes in the sink or even the dish rack beside it, no grease splashings on the stove, the refrige clean and white. Matt becomes momentarily 2reoccupied with one of Duncan's drawings taped to its door. MATT
52) 10) text: Wait. Richard stops. Matt looks conflicted. Doubt has crept into his face For moment he seems to have lost his resolve. RICHARD O.S. (IRRITATED)
52) 11) text: .Jesus. Matt looks to Richard with a renewed sense of purpose. TT
52) 13) text: A light flicks on. They take the hall past the living roo Matt doesn't want to see anymore of Richard's life. But h can't help h° elf. He takes it all in: Magazines and newspapers in a wicker basket, clean ashtrays, a stereo, CD's neatly shelved next to it. They continue down a hallway.Richard stops outside a door RIC
52) 14) text: There's no wall switch. MATT
52) 17) text: Let's go. Richard steps into the darkness. Matt is careful to stay pace behind. Richard leans over by the bed. Matt braces. lick. A small bedside lamp turns on. The bed, a double one, is neatly made; the ashtray on the bedside table clean the bureau top dustless and no photographs- prob ly so the girl - who is scae? - won't h to see Natalie in the bedroom she believes is theirs. But because Matt is a father and a husband, thou h never ex- husband, he knows (and does not want to ow that this bedroom has never been theirs alone. Richard turns around; Matt looks at his lips, his wide ja RICHARD
52) 20) text: What's going on? You're not gonna let me go! Matt looks away. He doesn't answer. RICHARD
52) 21) text: Dr. Fowler? MATT
52) 23) text: .Dr. Fowler. Matt points the pistol at Richard's face. The barrel trem a little. Richard reaches up into his closet and pulls out two larg canvas bags. He places them on the - He pulls a third bag, a small, red, woman's suitcase, Natalie's no doubt, to the others. He moves to the bureau. MATT
52) 25) text: He was making it with my wife. I'd go pick up my kids and he'd be there. Sometimes he spent the night. Duncan told me. He doesn't look at Matt as he speaks. He opens the to ewer. Matt steps closer so he can see Richard's hangs.  underwear and the socks rolled, the underwear folded and stacked. Richard arranges them neatly in the suitcase. Th kitchen the livin room the clothes. Matt is struck b this man's sense of order, o iscio ine. Matt watches the absurdity of Richard sorting clothes by season. He even packs a small instamatic camera. He packs the things a man accumulates and become part of him. MATT
52) 27) text: I need some things from the bathroom. MATT
52) 29) text: Richard steps just inside the bathroom door and stops. MATT
52) 31) text: Gotta pee. Matt realizes Richard means to have privacy. He pushes him into the room. Takes a step back and pulls door so it is only slightly ajar. He keeps his foot betwe the jam and the door. He eyes Richard's back reflected in the mirror. He can he him make water. He looks like he wonders about allowing t courtesy. Mattes glances at: A picture on the wall outside of the bathroom: Natalie Richard and their two boys, in front of someone's house. Smiling. She looks happy. C
52) 33) text: Richard tucks the travel kit into a bag. Matt keeps the g on him. Richard closes the suitcase, and faces Matt. He looks at Matt moves around behind him. Now Richard is between Matt and the lighted hall. Richard carries a canvas bag in eac hand. Matt pulls another glove from his pocket. He uses i to turn off the bedside lamp. Richard now d'_lhouetted in the doorway. Let's go. Richard steps into the hall. Matt follows, carrying the s suitcase in one hand, the gun in the other. They start down the hallway. Matt turns off lights with h elbow as they go. Past the living room into the kitchen. Wait. Richard tenses, he stops at the kitchen door. Matt sets the suitcase down. He uses that hand to reach i his jacket. He pulls out a red, white, and blue piece of paper. He drops it on the counter top. Words on the paper read AMT RACK. Matt picks up the suitcase again. He steps closer to him. Presses the gun into Richard's back. MATT
52) 34) text: open the door. Richard's reaches down and carefully turns the knob. He slowly pulls the door open. Matt takes a step back. MATT
52) 35) text: Get the light. Richard reaches down and hits the switch. Click. The two now in silhouette. Richard exits first. Matt close behind.
53) 0) text: Matt sets the case down, reaches bacjcan gently closes th door. They walk down the two brick steps to the lawn. s the cross the lawn. Matt's eves and ears once a ain alert for any sign of life. Not Eng. They reac the garage walk to the back of the Brown Suburban. Richard drops the two bags near the rear bumper.     99
53) 1) text: Matt keeps the gun steady as Richard pops open the hatch loads the bags. Matt sets the small suitcase at Richard's He reaches down and loads it last.
53) 3) text: They'll catch me. They'll check passenger lists. MATT
53) 5) text: They'll figure that out too. You think I wouldn't have done it myself if it was that easy? Silence. He starts it up, slides into reverse. He looks back over shoulder as they back down the driveway. Matt averts his Looking down at the gun barrel but not at the profiled fa beyond it. MATT
53) 7) text: .who's we? Good estion. Matt doesn't answer though. Richard shifts into drive.
54) 2) text: There's no planes this time of night, Dr. Fowler. MATT
54) 4) text: The airport's South... MATT
54) 6) text: It's after three MATT
54) 7) text: They run it again. Matt leans back, quietly uncorking the hammer. MATT
54) 8) text: No more talking. Richard tries to read Matt °s face in the mirror, but it in shadows. Richard fumbles with the radio, surfing the stations. Matt is right. The game is on. Nomar Garcia arra hits a long drive to left with runners position "A cinch to collect 200 hits this season." Richard sets his eyes on the road.
55) 2) text: (Trying to stay ca ri ht take it easy - pull over to the shoo der. Matt &amp; Richard sit tight waiting for the inevitable. light gains in intensity, as the cab fills with crimson.
59) 3) text: Why? MATT
60) 3) text: There's nothing back here Dr. Fowler? I donut understand why you don-t just MATT
60) 6) text: Stop here. The Brown Suburban crawls to a stop. Richard keeps the en running. Matt presses the gun hard against his neck. He straightens in his seat and looks in the rearview mirror. Matt's eyes meet his in the glass for an instant before focusing on the hair at the end of the gun barrel. TT
60) 8) text: I'll do twenty years, Dr. Fowler, I'll be fifty-four years old. MATT
61) 0) text: Matt gets out and k°cks the door shut. Richard opens his door. He doesn't move. Just sits in the interior light. His face now pleading. Matt can see it in his lips. MATT
61) 2) text: Where are we Dr. ?owler?     103 MATT
61) 3) text: Almost there. Richard carefully gets out. Instinctively, he raises his about shoulder level. They move to the back of the Brown Suburban. Richard pops the hatch. He pulls out the two canvas bags. He sets them on the gro He reaches in and pulls out the small suitcase. We hear a SCREEN DOOR slam shut. Richard looks surprised. He turns back to Matt. C'mon now. Richard reaches down and picks up the bags. He struggles carry all three. Matt grabs the small suitcase from him. MATT
61) 4) text: That way. Richard lugs the bags toward the cabin. We hear HEAVY CRUNCHING FOOTSTEPS OF SOMEONE APPROACHING. Richard stops. WILLIS APPEARS FROM DOWN THE PATH. He nods to Matt. RIC
61) 7) text: Wait. Richard stops, °d-step. He tenses, waiting. MATT
61) 9) text: He reaches out to take the bag from Matt. Matt keeps it at his side, and takes a step back, his gun trained on Richard. RICHARD CONNECTS WITH TT'S EYES. KNOWS.
61) 19) text: Matt stands there motionless. We hear FOOTSTEPS. Willis runs up to Matt. STOPS AT RICHARD'S CORPSE. WILLIS (BREATHLESS) MATT
61) 20) text: The two men look into each others eyes. Matt seems to be He looks back down at the body. WILLIS
61) 21) text: This isn't what we talked out, MATT
61) 22) text: He tried to run. Willis looks at the gun still in Matt's hand, the little suitcase in the other. WILLIS
61) 23) text: We were going to wait, and take him out in the woods. Matt raises his head. He looks at Willis flatly.     105 MATT
62) 0) text: Wide and dark, lap ing softly at the bank, a small island it's middle, with black, tall evergreens. Matt, gun in hand, takes two steps back, he strides with throw and goes to one knee as he follows through. The dar shapeless object arcing downward, splashing. T DIRT ROAD, T BROWN SUBURBAN.
62) 4) text: Matt drives the Brown Suburban over the bridge. The opera gives him a friendly nod. Waves to Willis in the Ford.
63) 3) text: What time is it? Matt checks his watch. MATT
63) 5) text: (almost losing his temper) Yep...high tide. Can't stop people from fish'in Matt - uck'in brides Matt looks over at Willis. MATT
63) 6) text: I'm sor Willis. Willis looks at Matt. He knows. Eyes back to the road. WILLIS (FORCED CALM)
63) 7) text: Stopped in to his little shed there once place reeked ...the guy's spilled more whiskey than we've ever drunk. Just pray he's already three sheets to the wind. Matt doesn't reply. WILLIS
64) 0) text: The Ford pulls up to the curb. Matt gets out. Willis drives away. Matt starts walking.
66) 0) text: In the distance, Matt can see his house. The birds all seem to wake at once. Matt gazes up into the trees overhead, the first light ju kissing their branches, the sky now a husky blue. The surrounding houses with the windows still dark, asleep. He picks up his pace. I NT. FOWLER HOUSE - B. Matt enters.
66) 2) text: The light has been left on, he kills it and heads upstair UPSTAIRS - S. Matt slowly walks down the hall, to BEDROOM -S
66) 5) text: Are you all right? He lies down. FACES THE WINDOW, AWAY FROM HER. She is on her side, she props herself up on her elbow - watching him. He waits a longtime before speaking MATT
66) 7) text: .what is it, Matt? MATT
66) 9) text: What? MATT
66) 10) text: I don't know - Ruth looks at the back of Matt's head. RUTH
66) 11) text: Matt? He doesn't move. He says nothing else. She continues to stare at him. Uncertainty beginning to form on her face. She looks lost things cou d be as t ey were. Then. RUTH
66) 14) text: Matt dear, do you want coffee? Be doesn't respond. Instead he looks at his finger. The bandage wet from washing up. He slides it off easily, like oversized ring. The skin has healed. LATER NOW
66) 15) text: Sun light creeps in through the curtains, onto Matt's fac Ruth lies sleeping on his chest. A breakfast tray at his bedside which he hasn't touched Matt is cede awake. He stares at the ceiling Reliving it His eyes full of an unspeakable sadness. The lids heavy. If only he could sleep. But he won't. Not today. There is a small crack in the ceiling. He'll have to fix that. BLACK