3) 0) text: Standing. on the lawn in front of one of them is the woma the opening scene, NATALIE STRUT, prett - eautifl actuall with a little more sleep. She stands wit two small boys w are doing their best to stay warm in the morning air. Her JASON 8 , and his brother DUNCAN 4, who has his face buri his mother's coat--refusing to see or be seen. The truck comes to a stop and two men get out. One is you early 20's, and even at this hour his step is lively, his face full of warmth. He walks over to Natalie and gives h kiss. The young man from the opening scene, rRANK FOWLER. The other man leans back against the passenger door. He i in his early 50's. Kind face, good looking, athletic in h day - Frank's father, MATT. He smiles at Natalie. Natalie smiles back.
3) 1) dialog: Morn'in Dr. Fowler.
3) 6) dialog: ahead. He wants to stay here.
6) 12) text: He backwards-hugs Natalie. F
6) 13) text: You want a beer? NATALIE
6) 38) text: Thank you. NATALIE
6) 39) text: I'm looking forward to the concert on Labor day. The music is so...unusual haunting really.. Ruth keeps chopping. Natalie chooses her words carefully. NATALIE
6) 41) text: At Faro y thesis was on Eastern European .folk music. Natalie's lips tighten uncomfortably. The topic seems to NATALIE (LIGHTLY)
6) 43) text: Why didn't you? The answer to Ruth's question (Duncan) wanders in. His ch as big as Dizzy Gillespie's. NATALIE
6) 46) text: The two regard each other NATALIE
6) 49) text: Swing me, Swing me. NATALIE
7) 2) text: Duncan is being pushed by Natalie, Ruth, watches from the kitchen window.
8) 3) text: Daddy! Frank with Jason, looks up. Jason sees his father. He doesn't move. Natalie walks over to Frank, they exchange glances. NATALIE
8) 5) text: No. NATALIE
8) 9) text: Richard, eating Duncan's hot dog, rises to meet Natalie a Jason. RIC
8) 12) text: Hey Jason - Don't do that to your brother. You want me to do that to you? He probably has. Jason backs away. Frank makes his way over to Natalie.
8) 14) text: Ruth shakes her head. Richard, Frank and Natalie are talking, but there are lon between words. Tim wanders over and says something to Ric Finally, Richard smiles, turns, and exits. Alone. Jason playfully chases Duncan across the yard. Frank and Natalie stay behind, talking quietly. Matt takes a breath, and exhales. He turns to Ruth with a comforting smile, but she's just entering the house. The screen door closes beh her.
8) 18) text: Sure. Natalie and I want to take you and dad out tonight. RUTH
12) 8) text: NATALIE - walks out, from a room in the hall. She combs h hair through with her fingers, but her skirt, on backward somewhat of a giveaway. Frank rolls his eyes. NATALIE
12) 10) text: Hi, where are the boys? NATALIE (SHEEPISHLY)
12) 11) text: .with my mom. Then. MATT (TO NATALIE))
13) 3) text: Natalie has her hands full adjusting Jason's uniform whil Duncan clings to her. She is waving up to the Fowlers ami the chaos. THE BLEACHERS. The Fowlers wave back.
13) 16) text: Oh, good. Ruth watches Natalie below. RUTH
14) 0) text: Natalie drives down Emerson Road. As she approaches her house, she sees a Brown Suburban si in her driveway. She looks confused.
15) 1) text: Natalie enters with groceries. Richard is seated at the kitchen table. He's finishing th of a sandwich. He drains a glass of milk. Natalie sets her purse down on the counter, and starts cl up his mess. NATALIE
15) 4) text: Thank you. She throws the carton out. She takes a seat, and stares a like a teacher counselling a troubled youth.     22 NATALIE
15) 6) text: I was just dropping that off for Jason. NATALIE
15) 9) text: I didn't know where you'd want to put it. It was about time he got it. What am I going to do with it? Richard's wistful gaze stays locked on the trophy. For a moment, Natalie's and slips away. NATALIE
15) 11) text: (a sharp turn) So I've heard. NATALIE
15) 13) text: I just got your message. Where are t with him? NATALIE
15) 15) text: I see. They're my kids but they're none of my business. NATALIE
15) 18) text: I - - I was thinking about moving back. Here. With you and the boys.     23 NATALIE
15) 20) text: What I talking about? I'm talking about moving back, that's what I'm talking about - I know what you're thinking, but it's different now. NATALIE
15) 23) text: Ya see my new rig out there? Natalie looks annoyed. NATALIE
15) 26) text: You wantta take a ride? NATALIE (LAUGHING)
15) 28) text: Change? No, I don't change. Everything around me changes. You change. You take my house, you take my kids, you fuck this other y- No, I don't change at all. NATALIE
15) 33) text: I just want.. -a chance. NATALIE
15) 35) text: (cutting her off) I their father. NATALIE (VEHEMENT)
15) 37) text: (mimicking В° her ) "Positive consistent presence." Wow. What does that mean? I just don't get it. But I'm not fucking a college boy, am I? NATALIE
15) 39) text: Oh, no, wouldn't want that. He doesn't budge. NATALIE
15) 40) text: You have to leave. Finally, as if struck b some small discove . Richard plac his large hands on the kitchen table and pus es himself u He heads past Natalie without looking back. He closes the firmly be ind him.
15) 42) text: A children's television show is heard from inside. Natalie is sprawled out on a chaise lounge, nursing a bee sharing a cigarette with Frank, who is on his hands &amp; finishing an elaborte structure with a set of FROEBEL woo blocks. NATALIE
15) 44) text: They're not blocks - they're gifts. NATALIE
15) 46) text: They're not for playing - they're to learn about unity &amp; balance. Froebel called them "Gifts." This is the second gift - a sphere, a cube, and a cylinder. A five year old can learn the difference in form depending on how they look at them. Why didn't he say so in the first place? NATALIE
15) 48) text: Twenty. A moment. NATALIE
15) 50) text: Since I was about Dunk's age. My mom took me tough all twenty. So that's what a good mother does. NATALIE
15) 52) text: Come on down here and take a look. She sets down her beer and Joins him. The small wooden st looks like a home that could have been built by Lautner o Frank looks pleased. Natalie is distracted.     26 NATALIE
15) 54) text: Don't be silly, it was her idea. NATALIE (SCEPTICAL)
15) 57) text: See the whole ideal of what Mack was trying to achieve was a common area in the middle of the house. I mean - a large, common space wasn't uni e to Mack, but the idea of separating the family so that the kids were on one side and the parents on the other, so they would all spill into the center ... He looks over to Natalie, checking in. She smiles, and shifts her gaze. F
15) 58) text: I'm boring you, aren't I? NATALIE (SOFTLY)
15) 60) text: About what? NATALIE
15) 62) text: I'd rather talk about our house. NATALIE
15) 64) text: What if I wait a year? NATALIE R F
15) 65) text: A year's not going to make a difference.     27 NATALIE
15) 67) text: I've thought a lot about this. NATALIE
15) 69) text: Exactl , so what's a year in forever? Know w at Duncan said today? She can't suppress a smile. NATALIE
15) 71) text: Yes. NATALIE
15) 73) text: He said, "Frank, I don't think Jason really understands girls." NATALIE (LAUGHING)
15) 75) text: He did ... "understands girls!" NATALIE
20) 20) text: Frank looks around the room. Natalie, her hair atangled m her face streaked from tears, paces nervously. She looks up at Frank. looks to el-e. NATALIE
20) 22) text: Oh, he didn't hit you? Should we throw a party for him. NATALIE
20) 24) text: Enough of this. We have to call the police. NATALIE
21) 2) text: Get them back upstairs. NATALIE
21) 4) text: Now. NATALIE
21) 5) text: Come on, you guys. Natalie hustles the boys upstairs. THE POUNDING CONTINUES. Frank moves to the FRONT DOOR. He's about to check the doorknob when THE DOORKNOB JIGGLES from the other side. It's locked. F
21) 11) text: Listen kids - Stay here. D C won't let go of her sleeve. He starts to move with he NATALIE (SCREAMING)
21) 13) text: It's OK Dunk .--Mommy's coming back. NATALIE hesitates - then heads out the door. We MOVE WITH HER out the bedroom to the,
21) 16) text: Cautiously - she looks over the landing. HER P.O.V.: From above, Richard stands, his back to her, in his hand. a 9mm Pistol. Natalie lets out a plaintive wail. NATALIE
22) 3) text: Hello? ...Hello? Natalie?     3
29) 0) text: Natalie comes up the brick walk and enters the building.
29) 4) text: overruled. (TO NATALIE)
29) 5) text: Please continue. Natalie tries to recapture her place. Keyes nods. MARLA KEYES (RECAPPING)
29) 6) text: So you were bringing your children up to their bedroom ... Natalie's glance wanders to the gallery, to Matt and Ruth She,sits on her hands to keep them from shaking. NATALIE
29) 8) text: You left "them"? NATALIE
29) 10) text: Of course - I'm sorry. on. NATALIE
29) 11) text: I closed the door...I moved down the hall. I looked back to make sure they weren't behind me. I had just started down the stairs, when I heard the shot. I ran down... A deep sob ... NATALIE
29) 13) text: I'm sorry, can we just back up? You said you "heard the shot"? NATALIE
29) 17) text: Please strike "accident" from the record. (to Marla Keyes) Ms. Keyes, please rephrase the question. Marla Keyes hasn't taken her eyes off Natalie. They both what's next. KEYES (GENTLY)
34) 11) text: Hi. NATALIE
34) 12) text: . Hi. elderly woman places a half -gallon of milk, a dozen eggs i s t er cou nter d a carton of L&amp;M cigarettes down or. the reg Natalie quickly rings up the items and bags them. ELDERLY WOMAN
34) 13) text: Can you break a fifty? Natalie takes the bill, places it in a drawer underneath register, and hands the woman her change, with a smile. ELDERLY WOMAN
34) 14) text: Thank you, dear. NATALIE
34) 16) text: Could I possibly get another bag? Natalie quickly double bags the woman's groceries. There is a break in the customer flow. Natalie steps to t of the counter. MATT
34) 17) text: I just wanted to see how you're doing. I tried reaching you ... NATALIE
34) 19) text: It's okay. She looks over. A man hovers over some ina?azines near th re inter. NATALIE (ALMOST WHISPERING)
34) 21) text: You don't have to. NATALIE ? er I didn't lie the first time, I didn't, it's just - how it came out. I'm so sorry. matt nods, as if he had assumed as much.     60 NATALIE
34) 22) text: Is s- Fowler .-- does she know you're here? The Man places a 12- ack of beer on the counter. Natalie to Matt, who shakes his head no. Natalie steps back to the register and rings up the beer. Her chin quivers. She makes a mistake on the register, ha start over. A few more customers gather on line. NATALIE (TO CUSTOMER)
34) 24) text: How are the boys? Are they okay? Natalie, choked by emotion, cannot respond. Near tears, s puts her hand up, unable to speak. Matt reaches out to touch her arm. His gesture is interrupted as: She pulls the cigarettes from an overhead rack. The Man p Matt stays a moment longer. There's nothing else to say. He leaves. She returns to her job.
47) 5) text: (taking off the phones) Yes? There's a pause, then the door slowly opens. Natalie takes a step in. Ruth looks up. If she's surprised, she doesn't show it, NATALIE
47) 6) text: I - -a I hope this is okay. Ruth says nothing. Natalie moves closer. NATALIE
47) 7) text: I've been hoping we might be able to get together - to talk. Ruth watches her as she approaches the desk. Natalie bend cautiously extends her hand for Ruth to hold. NATALIE
47) 8) text: I just want to tell you how -e- And in a flash Ruth SLAPS Natalie across the face with he hand. Natalie springs back, paralyzed with shock. She tries to catch her breath, staring directly at Ruth. Eyes ablaze, Ruth says nothing. - The two women look at each other for a very long time And final , as if she finally somehow got the resolution came for, lead held high, Natalie turns and walks out. E X T STROUT &amp; SONS CANNERY T cyclone fence surrounds the lace. sign reads "Strout SONS"-
52) 17) text: Let's go. Richard steps into the darkness. Matt is careful to stay pace behind. Richard leans over by the bed. Matt braces. lick. A small bedside lamp turns on. The bed, a double one, is neatly made; the ashtray on the bedside table clean the bureau top dustless and no photographs- prob ly so the girl - who is scae? - won't h to see Natalie in the bedroom she believes is theirs. But because Matt is a father and a husband, thou h never ex- husband, he knows (and does not want to ow that this bedroom has never been theirs alone. Richard turns around; Matt looks at his lips, his wide ja RICHARD
52) 23) text: .Dr. Fowler. Matt points the pistol at Richard's face. The barrel trem a little. Richard reaches up into his closet and pulls out two larg canvas bags. He places them on the - He pulls a third bag, a small, red, woman's suitcase, Natalie's no doubt, to the others. He moves to the bureau. MATT
52) 31) text: Gotta pee. Matt realizes Richard means to have privacy. He pushes him into the room. Takes a step back and pulls door so it is only slightly ajar. He keeps his foot betwe the jam and the door. He eyes Richard's back reflected in the mirror. He can he him make water. He looks like he wonders about allowing t courtesy. Mattes glances at: A picture on the wall outside of the bathroom: Natalie Richard and their two boys, in front of someone's house. Smiling. She looks happy. C
66) 6) text: There was a picture with Natalie and the boys hanging on his wall - Ruth looks at him strangely. RUTH (GENTLY)