11) 0) text: Dull light, thick carpets. A dim environment. Father Kier into the room, walkes up to the desk of CARDINAL HOUSEMAN behind it. Late fifties, eyes piercing, graying hair. A b necklace hangs from his neck. A devout Catholic.
11) 1) dialog: Father Kiernan! Welcome back. Kiernan smiles and sits down in front of Cardinal Housema Father Dario stands nearby, watching everything in silenc Cardinal Houseman opens a file to reveal BLACK AND WHITE BLEEDING STATUE OF GUADALUPE.
11) 2) dialog: These are interesting. What's the trick?
11) 4) dialog: They probably made a fortune out of this. And what...is t He holds up a photo of the statue. The colors are differe reversed.
11) 6) dialog: (Dismissively) Warm tears...
11) 9) dialog: Andrew, it's my understanding you were sent to Brazil to the appearance of a virgin Mary on the side of a building
11) 11) dialog: And...?
11) 13) dialog: The face of the Virgin Mary on the building?
11) 15) dialog: Good. We'll consider the matter closed then. Father Dario assignment.
11) 17) dialog: Why?
11) 19) dialog: (A beat) You're telling me you left the statue in Belo Quinto?
11) 21) dialog: (Exasperated) Andrew, cornerstone of their faith is the Church. Not a c When you're in the field you're a representative of the C church. And the congregation of the Causes of the Saints.
11) 23) dialog: In that case, you know the policy. The statue is brought Vatican and we conduct expert tests. Geologists, engineer examiners. We've examined 50 to 60 crying statues in the months. Not a single one of them has turned out...
11) 25) dialog: I'm not going to allow you to go back to Brazil. We'll ge down there and if he sees fit we'll get the statue sent b further tests. Brother Dario, get me all the information this church in Belo Quinto, would you? Thank you, Andrew.
11) 28) dialog: Andrew's problem is he can't decide whether he's a scient priest.
35) 1) dialog: Ah, Andrew, come in.
36) 0) text: Father Kiernan walks in and we see Cardinal Houseman and Father Dario is watching a tape.
36) 1) dialog: I think we've found your next assignment.
36) 6) dialog: We have no record of a priest assigned to that village, e television) This was sent to us from Father Derning in Pittsburgh. Fr security camera. Kiernan moves to the television, squints.
36) 8) dialog: Watch. on the video screen we see the image of the LURCHING subway and in the middle the outstretched figure of FRANKIE. We see her bandaged w
36) 13) dialog: According to Father Derning, she was whipped repeatedly b force.
36) 15) dialog: We don't know yet.
36) 17) dialog: Because of this clipping from the Pittsburgh Globe. Cardinal Houseman slides over a copy of a newspaper artic picks it up and reads. The bold headline reads: FREAK SUB
36) 19) dialog: We're investigating this one.
55) 0) text: We move over religious statues and we find Cardinal House Dario walking along a cement path in the background.
55) 1) dialog: Have you heard from Father Andrew?
55) 3) dialog: What are these?
55) 5) dialog: These are even more damaging. This one mentions the stigm doesn't seem to be confusing the situation.
55) 7) dialog: Have him conclude his investigation immediately. Present me in New York at the end of next week. Dario nods and walks off. Cardinal Houseman shakes some h
65) 0) text: Cardinal Houseman is making his way down a long flight of Father Dario rushes up beside him, a folder in hand.
65) 2) dialog: (Stopping) I'm late for a meeting with the curator.
65) 4) dialog: Where did you get this?
65) 6) dialog: By who?
65) 8) dialog: Do you know what it means?
65) 10) dialog: Will you tell the meeting I'll be with them in a few minu
73) 0) text: As the rain continues to pour, someone steps out of a car another man, and another. As they step into some light we CARDINAL HOUSEMAN, FATHER DARIO, & FATHER DERNING. They walk into the apartment building....
75) 1) dialog: Go in. Father Derning hesitates, then KICKS the door in --
76) 0) text: The three men walk in..... in the bedroom/living room Kiernan hears the sound of multiple footsteps. Sits up an CARDINAL HOUSEMAN walk into the room, followed by Father Father Derning. Cardinal Houseman just looks at him. The seems uncomfortable, him lying in the bed next to Frankie
76) 2) dialog: We've come to help. Kiernan remains sitting up.
76) 3) dialog: (To Father Dario) Take her to the Arch D. straight away. Cardinal Houseman and Father Dario look up and see the la smeared with red paint, distorting the message, rendering Father Dario has a copy of the wall with the message, hol Cardinal Houseman for comparison. Cardinal Houseman frown Turns to Father Derning.
79) 0) text: Cardinal Houseman slides a photo of the wall toward a sea Kiernan. He looks at Kiernan.
79) 1) dialog: Where did you get this from? What does it mean?
79) 3) dialog: Why was it painted over? What language is it in?
79) 5) dialog: How do you know that?
79) 7) dialog: What I don't understand is, why you would send this to an than me? What are you hiding from me?
79) 9) dialog: I'm taking over this case. Go back to Father Derning's, g
79) 11) dialog: You're not leaving her alone. You're leaving her in the c Sisters.. Kiernan has had it.
79) 14) dialog: This is not about a girl taking on me, or taking on the c
80) 2) dialog: Andrew, what's happened to you? Where's your loyalty?
80) 4) dialog: The only reason you've been tolerated by the Congregation is because you were a good scientist. Because of your obj you've lost that. The last thing I expected to see when I that girl's apartment was the two of you lying on a bed t
80) 6) dialog: Look, I know you think you're helping her, but you're not she's getting worse. Andrew, you're in no state to help a now. You're exhausted. Look at you. Go to Father Derning' rest. We'll talk about it tomorrow. A beat. They move further up the stairs.
80) 8) dialog: Father Delmonico showed them to us. He seemed to think th important.
80) 10) dialog: We've no idea. But we're working on it.
80) 12) dialog: We don't know. Good-night Andrew. He sighs and pauses. Then he steps to the door and leaves
84) 0) text: Cardinal Houseman kneels before a small crucifix, praying prepares holy water in a tiny bowl.
85) 0) text: Frankie is holding Alameida's rosary against her chest as Suddenly hands appear and lift up hers, taking away the r stirs her and she awakens, sits up. The two nuns surround her, and Cardinal Houseman steps up with the Bible, followed by Father Dario who holds out th water. Frankie stares around her, confused.
85) 1) dialog: Lord, do not remember our sins. Or those of our forefathe
85) 4) dialog: Lead us not into temptation... We realize they are performing an exorcism on Frankie! Sh frightened. Cardinal Houseman continues to recite.
87) 0) text: As Cardinal Houseman recites, Frankie's body begins to co is held down by the nuns. Groans and grunts escape her li writhes under the covers.
87) 1) dialog: By the power of Christ I command you, come out of her bod always... She writhes and groans...
87) 3) dialog: Give her heavenly protection-- Frankie SITS UP and stares at the ceiling, SCREAMS, a gal voices.
89) 1) dialog: Embrace me, my child. I am the church!
89) 3) dialog: OUT! Get out! The nuns quickly do as they are told. Father Dario walks lingers, watches Cardinal Houseman.
89) 4) dialog: Get out!! Father Dario races out.
89) 5) dialog: Save this woman, Lord, and let the enemy have no victory Now alone with Frankie/Alameida, Cardinal Houseman reache GRABS HER BY THE NECK, and proceeds to suffocate her. Frankie fights for her life, grunting as he squeezes her flare in his eyes.
91) 0) text: Cardinal Houseman continues to strangle Frankie...
91) 1) dialog: You will not destroy my church. She groans for air...
94) 0) text: He sees Cardinal Houseman bent over Frankie, strangling h to the bed.
94) 2) dialog: Andrew, get away from her! You don't know what's going on Now he turns to Cardinal Houseman and grabs him, shoving room.
95) 2) dialog: I will not let you destroy the church. He throws Cardinal Houseman against another wall.