5) 0) text: Strobe lights dart back and forth as we approach the wall of dancers and drinkers. Quick-cut motions as Frankie and Donna move with their fr table and, laughing, sit down, smoking cigarettes and chu drinks. Frankie's boyfriend, Steve, twenties, buff, leans forward to speak to Frankie among the CHAOS.
5) 2) dialog: (Leaning forward) You too tired to go home with me??
6) 1) dialog: Hi mom.
6) 3) dialog: Of course it's you. You're the most persistant ring I kno
6) 5) dialog: Where are you anyway?
6) 7) dialog: Mom, hang on. I'm getting another call. She reaches over and clicks to the other line.
6) 8) dialog: Hello?
6) 10) dialog: (Exasperated) Ha ha. I hate it when you do that. You could have at leas bye.
6) 12) dialog: WHY??? (Stunned) Forget it. Look, I got my mom on the other line. Long dis see you tonight.
6) 14) dialog: What?
6) 16) dialog: Hi, I'm back. So how do you like Reo?
6) 18) dialog: Yeah, I got it yesterday.
6) 20) dialog: Hang on. I'm gonna switch phones.
7) 0) text: We see the feet of Frankie wearing large sandles as she m whistling, to the table where the package reading FRANKIE She picks it up, speaks into the phone.
7) 1) dialog: I'm opening it right now.. She opens it at a table. Is unamused at a few little trin she comes across the rosary. Holds it up and then just as drops it back onto the table.
7) 2) dialog: A necklace...Oh cool.
7) 4) dialog: Where'd you get it?
7) 6) dialog: I didn't even know you went there..
7) 8) dialog: Have fun. I love you.
8) 0) text: Frankie moves up to the outside bar with Donna.
8) 2) dialog: No. Just one, you know, I'm ok.
8) 5) dialog: I threw up this morning at the smell of tea.
8) 7) dialog: Like a week.
8) 9) dialog: I don't know. A few days. I felt weird.
8) 11) dialog: No, I felt like my heart wanted to go live in my stomach. She looks at Donna with a wide smile. They laugh.
8) 12) dialog: No, really, what if I'm bringing a person into this world
8) 14) dialog: You know what? I don't wanna talk about it. It's making m Let's get our asses to work cause we are late.
12) 4) dialog: Stop mothering me. Yes. I'm fine.
12) 6) dialog: Ok. Bye. Drive safe... She SLAMS the door and Donna drives off. ABOVE and DESCENDING on Frankie as she walks into her apa building....
13) 2) dialog: Like a week.
13) 4) dialog: What if I'm bringing a person into this world?
15) 0) text: Frankie is wheeled in on a gurney by a mob of doctors, fr racing to an ER room. Frankie is lying on the gurney, blood covering her clothe stare unflinching above her, she's numb to everything. In We hear Donna trying to get in to see Frankie. A doctor r
15) 3) dialog: Who are you?
15) 5) dialog: (Looking around) What happened?
16) 0) text: Frankie's wrists are bandaged and she is sitting up in be is sitting beside her, deeply engrossed in studying the w
16) 2) dialog: No. That's weird, isn't it?
16) 4) dialog: Then maybe you should not touch it.
16) 6) dialog: You keep saying Oshe', but I didn't do this. Dr. Reston smiles and says cheerily, almost as if to a me
16) 8) dialog: (Rye) I cut hair.
16) 10) dialog: Ye-es.
16) 12) dialog: (A beat) I'm not very significant. Look, how long is this gonna ta home.
16) 14) dialog: (Sharp) There's nothing to get a handle on.
16) 16) dialog: You think I did this?? Dr. Reston gives her a look. Yes.
16) 17) dialog: It would never happen. I love being me. Ask anyone.
17) 0) text: It's a mess. Objects toppled over, the floor flooded with water. We move to the tub that is now FILLED TO THE BRIM Frankie watches helplessly, tears coming to her eyes.
17) 3) dialog: No.
17) 5) dialog: (Shaking her head) I don't smell anything.... A beat. They lie in silence. Donna looks at her, concerne
17) 7) dialog: No.
17) 9) dialog: Good-night. WATER continues to drip down onto the table beside the be Splashes in a tiny puddle. Suddenly one of the drops REVE swift, blink-of-the-eye moment. Frankie doesn't notice.
20) 0) text: Walking among the mob of pedestrians with an umbrella to from the heavy rain, Frankie Paige is deep in thought wit brow. Her hand goes to her forehead and she wipes some lo of her face as she continues on....
20) 2) dialog: You think I did this....?
21) 0) text: The barber shop where Frankie and Donna cut hair, give pe and nipple piercings. Nearby another young woman named JE long locks of blonde hair and nippled ears, lips, nose, s someone's nails. In the b.g. Bjork's OAll Is Full of Love' remix is on.
21) 5) dialog: Hey guys.
21) 7) dialog: Fine. She smiles and walks to her section of the room. Donna ap
21) 9) dialog: I'm fine. So how's my day lookin'?
21) 11) dialog: Thanks. They share a smile. Donna goes back to her work.
21) 12) dialog: (To woman) Wanna come over here? Ok, well, go back to Jen and dish t Frankie gathers her things. She begins to cut the woman's Jennifer continues talking about her date from last night isn't paying attention.... She is distracted by a noise. Looks up. Stops cutting hai nothing and reluctantly continues cutting hair.... Again she hears something and abruplty STOPS, stepping aw out the window. Turns to Donna, who frowns at her. You ok She nods. But she's not. Something is bothering her. Fina to the window and looks out. Sees it: Standing on the curb across the busy street, cloaked in a raincoat, a woman is staring at Frankie, and she is holdi up baby in her outstretched hands. At the window, looking out, Frankie frowns.... OUTSIDE, the woman continues to stare at Frankie. TEARS r cheeks quickly.
22) 0) text: The woman holds the baby out toward the blurring rush of AT THE CUT, Frankie sees what she is going to do. SCREAMS The woman holds the baby, and drops it. AT THE WINDOW, Frankie's scream is muffled by the glass. against the glass, SCREAMING.  We see the baby DROP onto the concrete in between the cha The door to THE CUT opens and Frankie RACES out, screamin into traffic.
22) 1) dialog: Shit.... Horns blare as cars SCREECH to a stop and just avoid hitt races across the street to the woman whose face is covere bright blue hood of the raincoat. At THE CUT, Donna races out after Frankie, completely con Frankie approaches the side of the road where the baby wa searches frantically. NO BABY. She does find the red blan wrapped up in. Picks it up, sobbing, hopeless. The woman stands on the curb, expressionless, unmoving. P by seem to only notice Frankie and they stare.
22) 2) dialog: (To nobody in particular) Stop! There's a baby!!! There's a baby! Donna rushes up behind her and grabs her into an embrace. into her arms.
22) 4) dialog: There was a lady. She dropped her baby....I saw her. She baby...I swear! I swear.
24) 0) text: We see Frankie seated nervously, Donna beside her. Franki lip. Donna glances at her.
24) 4) dialog: Hey you. The priest looks up.
24) 6) dialog: Are you Andrew Kiernan?
24) 8) dialog: No one can help me now. I'm fucked. With that she turns swiftly to the nuns seated across fro Derning. Reaches forward and GRABS a SILVER CROSS NECKLAC of the nuns and THROWS it down the aisle, letting it skit grimey floor of the train. All chaos breaks loose. The lights FLICKER on and off in a blur of confusion and subway JERKS to the right and left, sending people SCATTE floor in fright. Frankie SLIDES down the middle of the train, reaching out to stop her. She grabs a nearby rail and tries to get to train LURCHES to the right and left again, sending people again. Frankie quickly reaches out with her other hand to across from the other one, now she is stretched across th holding on desperately -- LASHING MARKS echoe through the air. Frankie SHRIEKS. image of whip marks across flesh; FRANKIE's back Frankie SCREAMS and sobs. MORE LASHING MARKS sound through the air and she winces, handle on one of the railings and grunts, faltering.... image of more whip marks across flesh as more whipping so out. one after another. Frankie is sobbing desperately from pain. Something is ba her back.... MORE lashing sounds....Her eyes roll back in her head... image of the subway train racing through the track BACK to Frankie, in the subway train.....She has lost the now. She can only let out a moan.... more lashing marks sound out She drops to the floor in a heap of blood and pain. Sobs reaching for something to grab onto in the middle of the Finally the train slows and it's over. People get to thei Frankie remains in the middle of the train, on the floor, aimlessly for something or someone to help her. Donna races to Frankie, not believing her eyes: Frankie's covered in blood and whip marks.
25) 0) text: Frankie on her stomach on a bed, the whip marks plainly v across her back. They are being tended to by a doctor. Frankie winces as the doctor places stitches into the cut down her cheeks.
26) 0) text: A Doctor is talking to Frankie, who lies in a hospital be to the side.
26) 2) dialog: Did you run a pregnancy test?
26) 4) dialog: ...Am I pregnant?
26) 6) dialog: Was I?
27) 0) text: Frankie sitting upright as a device slides closer to her thin tube BLOWS AIR into her eye. CLAMP! She backs up and
28) 0) text: Frankie with headphones on. A hearing test. We hear a hig whining noise. So does she. She presses a button in respo she turns to the glass, taking off the headphones. Taps o Points to her ear. Her hearing's fine.
30) 0) text: Pressed against a wall, Frankie grimaces and turns away a takes her blood through a NEEDLE injected in her arm...
32) 0) text: Frankie being rolled into the tunnel-like Magnetic Resona She clamps her eyes shut nervously. RATATTATTATT. close up: brain scan of FRANKIE A Doctor holds it up to the light.
33) 0) text: Frankie sitting up in bed. She is speaking to the same do before.
33) 1) dialog: Well, am I psychotic or dying, or both?
33) 3) dialog: Epilepsy?
33) 5) dialog: But that's impossible. How can you just wake up one day a
33) 7) dialog: So what do we do now?
33) 9) dialog: Wait a minute, wait....You want to put wires inside my he
34) 0) text: Donna escorts a weak Frankie to the door.
34) 3) dialog: Oh. Yeah?
34) 9) dialog: Ok. Donna and Frankie leave. Father Derning sighs.
37) 0) text: We're behind a hooded figure as they make their way away through the crowd of pedestrians. Another rainy day. We k hooded figure is FRANKIE.
38) 5) dialog: Hey! I feel like I should do a monologue or somethin'. Donna laughs and returns to her work. Frankie walks over to her section of the salon and turns sitting nearby.
38) 6) dialog: Hey Sheryl. Come on over here and have a seat. I'll just
38) 8) dialog: Ok. She turns and walks into the back room. Jennifer looks up at Donna.
38) 14) dialog: Hey would you guys stop whispering like this was..... in the salon She moves into the room...
38) 15) dialog: ....a goddamned Church! A CHIME as the door opens. They look up: FATHER KIERNAN stands there, looking right at Frankie. Th pauses awkwardly. Frankie can't help but smile. She looks at the priest.
38) 16) dialog: Do you have an appointment?
38) 18) dialog: Well, would you like a haircut, or a manicure, or maybe y have your nipple pierced?
38) 20) dialog: Have a seat. He follows her to the chair and sits down. She grabs a co it over him.
38) 21) dialog: Alright, I'm gonna put this cape on so you don't get your neck... She covers his neck.
38) 23) dialog: So where are you from?
38) 25) dialog: Oh, cool.
38) 27) dialog: I'm from Naples.
38) 29) dialog: (Correcting) Naples, Florida.
38) 31) dialog: I moved here to go to school.
38) 33) dialog: Claudia's University of Cosmotology. See, I'm acredited.
38) 36) dialog: What do I call you? I feel kind of weird calling a guy I OFather'.... An awkward beat. Kiernan looks up.
38) 37) dialog: I mean.....I couldn't date you, but, you know...
38) 39) dialog: (Under her breath) Donna....
38) 41) dialog: I know this is gonna sound kinda strange, but....I've sor expecting you.
39) 0) text: Drizzle splatters against the exterior of the window next where Frankie and Father Kiernan are seated.
39) 1) dialog: So, you live in Rome?
39) 3) dialog: No thanks. Waitress walks off. Kiernan and Frankie discuss.
39) 4) dialog: So, what brings you to Pennsylvania?
39) 6) dialog: OUs'? What's us, I thought you were a priest? andrew I am a priest, but I'm also an investigator. I work for a the Vatican called the Congregation of the Causes of the He reveals a small tape recorder and sets it on the table CLICKS RECORD.
39) 8) dialog: No, go ahead.
39) 10) dialog: (Leaning forward) Frankie Paige.
39) 12) dialog: Twenty-three.
39) 14) dialog: I don't attend church. A beat. He looks up at her.
39) 16) dialog: No. I don't go to church because I don't believe in God.. A beat. Kiernan nods.
39) 18) dialog: That's it?
39) 20) dialog: And there's no exceptions?
39) 22) dialog: Well why do they get stigmata?
39) 25) dialog: Why?
39) 27) dialog: A gift? (Laughs) Can I give it back? Kiernan barely smiles. Frankie grows serious. Looks down
39) 28) dialog: (Softly) Listen, Father, could I show you these and...you tell me think?
39) 30) dialog: Well, what do you think?
39) 32) dialog: What's that mean?
39) 34) dialog: Look, you know what...here.. Exasperated, Frankie reaches into her purse and throws a of paper across the table to him.
39) 35) dialog: Read that. Kiernan does.
39) 36) dialog: I found that on my kitchen table the other morning. Now I what that says. But that handwriting is mine.
39) 39) dialog: This isn't beautiful. This is a warning! It means that no do, no matter where I go, I can't escape this!
39) 41) dialog: (Standing up) You know what? This is not going anywhere. You don't know You can't give me any kind of answer. Coffee's on me. She throws some crumpled bills onto the table and rushes sits, sighing. A few moments later he looks out the window and sees FRAN down the street in the downpour, and she turns and looks with a glare.
40) 0) text: DRIP. DRIP. Water plops out of the ceiling into numerous filled to the brim with rainwater. Sitting among masses of lit candles and books, Frankie le books labeled: EPILEPSY, THE STUDY OF STIGMATA, ETC. We see numerous pictures of Christ with the crown of thor marks, nails through his palms and feet.
41) 5) dialog: Hey!
41) 7) dialog: Have you seen Steven? They sit down among the loudness and CHAOTIC STROBE LIGHT
41) 9) dialog: Believe me, he's all business. (Ordering) Hey, could we get two doubles? A waiter pours them a couple rounds of drinks.
41) 10) dialog: You know what's scarier than not believing in God? A beat. Donna just watches her.
41) 11) dialog: Believing in him. I mean, really believing in him. It's a terrifying thought.
41) 13) dialog: Cause if there is a God, he hates me. He's ruining my lif
41) 15) dialog: (Suddenly sharp) You don't get it do you? Donna stares.
41) 16) dialog: I have fucking holes through my wrists! I have slashes ac Donna continues to stare.
41) 17) dialog: If it isn't God doing this to me, than who is!?
41) 22) dialog: A couple bloodied gashes rip open on her forehead! Stunned, she stands and presses a finger against the wetn it: BLOOD.
41) 24) text: Frankie screams and DROPS to the floor. Donna stands in s
42) 0) text: The door opens and a bleeding Frankie races out into the crowds of people and pushes her way out INTO THE STREET - It's all a blur of traffic and HORNS BLARING as she races maze of cars, dodging some and CRYING OUT! Blood oozes do Donna races out, looking around frantically. IN THE STREET Frankie HOPS up onto the hood of a car, the the other side, racing through the street in a daze of pa She stands still and whips her head back and forth, her f wet blood and rain. Her hair matted against her head. She sobs. Donna finally gathers the nerve to race out into the stre searches around. HORNS continue to blare. Donna looks around: Frankie is nowhere to be found.
43) 0) text: Father Kiernan moves to the door and BUZZES the name PAIG answer. Something catches his eye. He looks up -- Frankie is moving down the street toward him. She stops w him. He notices the blood dripping down her face. Frowns.
44) 0) text: Kiernan races through the grime and muck of a back alley, Frankie, who is nowhere to be found. He finally reaches t the alley and stops, looking all around.
44) 5) dialog: Aalla shatteeen man beesha!! He stares at her, stunned.
44) 6) dialog: Aalla shatteeen man beesha!! She sighs heavily, exhausted.
45) 0) text: We see the CROSS at the top of the building, standing out night sky. We PAN DOWN to see the entrance, and Father Ki approaching the concrete flight of steps, carrying an unc Frankie...
46) 2) dialog: Where am I?
46) 7) dialog: Smells like...flowers.
49) 0) text: With Frankie as she walks into the church, wrapped in a h She moves down the aisle, toward a huge CRUCIFIX at the h altar. She stares up at the crucifix: We see a lifelike replica of JESUS, nailed to the cross. his PALMS and FEET. Blood drips down his forehead from th thorns. Observing it, Frankie frowns. Father Kiernan walks into the church, moves to her.
49) 2) dialog: Hey, I think you made a mistake.
49) 4) dialog: I can't have stigmata. Jesus was crucified through the pa hand, not his wrists. Look at my wounds, they're through So, you're wrong.
49) 6) dialog: Wait, wait. You're telling me that every painting, every Christ, and every single crucifix in the whole world is w
49) 10) dialog: What?
50) 0) text: A quiet night. We find Frankie sitting in solitude on the legs dangling over the side, her hands cradling her face. contemplating something. Her hair blows around her as she looks down at the traffi She takes out a small crumpled piece of paper and rereads
50) 1) dialog: Split a piece of wood and I am there. Lift a stone and yo me. She looks off and thinks. Places the paper back inside a then slowly gets to her feet. Hops across the edge of the then disappears out of shot....
54) 0) text: A knock at the door. KNOCK KNOCK. Silence. The door opens Kiernan enters. Looks around for any sign of Frankie. She
54) 6) dialog: (Subtitled) The messenger is not important. We are shocked. The voice is not Frankie's. It is a deep, accented man's voice. Father Alameida's.... With that she turns back to her writing, scribbling the l and over. Kiernan moves to her and FLASHES more pictures. She flinc FLASH, but resumes writing.
54) 8) dialog: I feel like my heart is breaking. Why am I so sad?? She sobs desperately. Then slowly she sits up, looks arou
54) 9) dialog: It smells like flowers in here....like Jasmine or rose or something....Can you smell that?
54) 11) dialog: Who wrote that?
54) 13) dialog: I wrote that?
56) 0) text: Frankie sits by the window, in awe as a couple doves fly and eat out of her palm. Nearby, Kiernan has his camera set up on a tripod, FLASHI photo of the writing on the blue wall. He pauses and turn
56) 6) dialog: This subject doesn't contain Ofragments of images'. You d do you Father Kiernan? I don't know what the hell that me She thrusts her hands toward the blue wall.
56) 7) dialog: (r.e. the bandaged wrists) I don't know what the hell this means. I just want my lif She storms out. Kiernan sighs.
57) 0) text: With Frankie as she strolls down the sidewalk among masse She walks to the side and gives a coin to a homeless man, her. She moves on.... .......Walking not far behind her is Father Kiernan. He t up.
58) 0) text: A wide variety of flowers arranged in rows. Frankie moves a few in her hand. She leans forward and smells the polle eyes in pleasure. Kiernan is there behind her, apologetic.
58) 2) dialog: (Smiling) Don't OMs. Paige' me just because you messed up. I'm not off the hook. She holds up a flower for him to smell. He does. Smiles.
58) 4) dialog: You know, for a priest you're pretty relentless. He nods.
58) 6) dialog: Hey, what kind of a scientist is a priest, anyway?
58) 8) dialog: Oh, yes I do.
59) 0) text: Frankie sits across from Kiernan. They're in mid-conversa
59) 1) dialog: (Laughing) You were an organic chemist?? Ok, did you walk around wit glasses with the scotch tape around the sides and pocket
59) 3) dialog: Well, why?
59) 5) dialog: The holes? Frankie listens as she unwraps a fresh pack of cigarettes one up.
59) 7) dialog: What theories?
59) 10) dialog: Beer, and cheesecake.
59) 12) dialog: Yeah, everybody knows that. (Laughs)
59) 14) dialog: I really can't get a line on you.
59) 16) dialog: First of all, I can't understand a man who's never, you k
59) 19) dialog: But you didn't like it?
59) 21) dialog: But you don't miss it?
60) 1) dialog: So this is the fourth?
60) 3) dialog: When I met you, didn't you say there were five wounds? We fourth. What's the fifth?
60) 5) dialog: ....The one that killed him.
60) 7) dialog: (As he dabs at her feet) Have you ever met another person who had stigmata?
60) 9) dialog: Who was St. Francis of Assisi?
60) 11) dialog: This priest, were his wounds as bad as mine?
60) 13) dialog: A priest?
60) 15) dialog: Well, what happened to him? How many wounds did he receiv A long beat. Kiernan sighs.
60) 17) dialog: How many wounds did he receive? Another long beat. He looks up at her.
60) 19) dialog: I'm dying aren't I? This thing is killing me. He doesn't know what to say. She turns away and attempts Kiernan stands and moves to a side table. We see a few fi picks up his camera..
61) 0) text: Father Derning stands beside Kiernan as he wires over pho wall in Frankie's room through the computer. He is speaking on the phone.
69) 1) dialog: Hey come in. The door's open. He walks in.
70) 3) dialog: How you doing? Want a beer? He stares after her.
70) 5) dialog: (Holding out wrists) Check this out. It looks like they're getting better. He reaches out and lifts up the bandages. Looks at the st seem to be smaller. The wound is almost completely incons nods, smiling.
70) 8) dialog: (Unfocused) It's good.... His hand slides down her cheek and her lips catch it, kis An intimate, forward gesture. He looks at her. She looks steps away... Together they walk into the bedroom/living room, and Kier at what he sees: Frankie has covered the blue wall at the far end of the r paint, smeared all across the message.
70) 10) dialog: Well, I got bored and I got sick of looking at that thing Her hand slides into his. They move closer, their lips meet in a kiss. Finally he p turns, going to the window.
70) 11) dialog: I really wish you weren't wearing that uniform right now.
70) 13) dialog: Well what is it, your vow? You took a vow to be dead from down? He gives her a look and shakes his head.
70) 14) dialog: (Standing, walking over to him) Come on. I see the way you look at me. You know the way t about you....Come on. I'm not blind. It's ok. She walks to him, touches him. He grabs her arms and forc away from him.
70) 16) dialog: Why? Because I painted the wall out, is that it? So now I you, right? Is that it?? In a swift, blink-of-the-eye movement, she SHOVES him to
70) 17) dialog: Answer me! Kiernan falls to the floor, stunned. Frankie walks over t picks him up with abnormal strength.
70) 18) dialog: You are so proud of your holy abstinance--! She hurls him across the room, sending him slamming into knocking objects over, sending them toppling to the floor
70) 19) dialog: Like touching a woman would kill you! Women are joining t Now a swift WIND blows through the room, throwing papers and other objects SLIDING and FLYING around. Frankie's ha around her face as she continues to assault Kiernan.
70) 20) dialog: So that's why you became a priest... Kneels over, picks him up, HURLS him into a mirror, sendi shattering into a million pieces. He slides to the wall, grabs him --
70) 21) dialog: It has nothing to do with your convenient little stories! She throws him across the room. Everything is blowing abo almost supernatural wind. She goes to him and picks him u
70) 22) dialog: You're so proud of your CHURCH! Of virgins... --- and hurls him into the nearby bathroom -- in the bathroom Kiernan falls to the floor beside the bathtub, looks up a stalks in and kneels down in front of him. Stares at him, fierce orange as they were before that night in the alley just stares at him. He stares back. Eerie. She grabs him by the collar and HOISTS him through the gl shower, sending shards of glass EVERYWHERE. Kiernan sits dripping down his nose. close up: a drawer as FRANKIE opens it and grabs a sharp Kiernan is kneeling against a wall, trying to stand. She him and levels the knife under his chin. Looks at him wit the devil in her eyes.
70) 23) dialog: How's your faith these days, Father? He stares at her....
70) 24) dialog: How's your faith these days!? He continues to stare.
70) 25) dialog: This is what you fucking call God!? Kiernan watches in horror as the possessed Frankie DIGS t her wrist wound, sending fresh blood spilling out of it, tissue, dripping down her arm. He turns away, ill at the
70) 26) dialog: Blood of Christ! He can't watch as she SLITS the skin of her lower arm, cr wounds, more blood spilling down her arm, dripping onto t SCREAMS echoe out of her, she sobs and turns away, DIGGIN wrists, the blood spewing out. Her blouse is soaked with She drops, exhausted, onto her bed in front of Kiernan, a silent moment she lies still. Suddenly the bed SLIDES out from under her, moved by an u force..... Kiernan stands, not able to take his eyes off the spectac Stunned..... Frankie remains lying down, levitated in the air... WWHOOOSH! She rises further into the air, her arms outstr sides, the blood dripping down her arm.... She is THROWN forward and hangs in the air, her arms up a She is being crucified in the air, her head hung, hair bl around her... Kiernan cautiously moves forward..... Her head rises and she looks at him. Blood pours out of h of blood... hyper insert image of the tears of blood dripping down th of the virgin of guadalupe
72) 0) text: We see Frankie is asleep on her bed, enveloped in her cov stands over her. He has tried the best he can to put obje way they were. Rows of candles are set up beside the bed. constant DRIP DRIPPING of water from the ceiling. Outside Kiernan sits down in front of Frankie's bed and reveals t Frankie's mom sent her -- Father Alameida's rosary. He cl and, pressing it to his lips, prays. Lying on the bed, Frankie's eyes open and she watches him
72) 1) dialog: I've never seen you pray before.
72) 3) dialog: (Reaching out; softly) Come here. A beat. He hesitates.
72) 4) dialog: It's ok. Come on. She reaches out to him and he stands, walks over to the b down next to her. She rolls over to face him. They lie in the bed looking into each other's eyes. He ge the hair out of her eyes. Her face is still streaked in d her eyes, forehead.....She looks at him with sad eyes. A long moment passes between them. It's sweet.
74) 0) text: In the bed, Frankie and Kiernan are deep asleep, hand in
76) 0) text: The three men walk in..... in the bedroom/living room Kiernan hears the sound of multiple footsteps. Sits up an CARDINAL HOUSEMAN walk into the room, followed by Father Father Derning. Cardinal Houseman just looks at him. The seems uncomfortable, him lying in the bed next to Frankie
78) 0) text: Frankie is lying down under thick blankets, surrounded by finish tidying. Father Kiernan sits down beside Frankie, dozes off, he turns to the nuns.
85) 0) text: Frankie is holding Alameida's rosary against her chest as Suddenly hands appear and lift up hers, taking away the r stirs her and she awakens, sits up. The two nuns surround her, and Cardinal Houseman steps up with the Bible, followed by Father Dario who holds out th water. Frankie stares around her, confused.
85) 2) dialog: Where's Andrew? Cardinal Houseman begins to recite from the Bible.
87) 0) text: As Cardinal Houseman recites, Frankie's body begins to co is held down by the nuns. Groans and grunts escape her li writhes under the covers.
87) 2) dialog: You are blind men! Your eyes are open, but you see nothin She writhes and thrashes as the nuns attempt to hold her Dario echoes the recitation as Cardinal Houseman continue
87) 4) dialog: BEHOLD! Your devil dripping with blood!
89) 0) text: The exorcism continues. Frankie lashes out and writhes an
89) 2) dialog: You are the true enemy of the church, Houseman! Suddenly Cardinal Houseman rushes forward to Frankie.
91) 0) text: Cardinal Houseman continues to strangle Frankie...
94) 0) text: He sees Cardinal Houseman bent over Frankie, strangling h to the bed.
96) 0) text: A bright, raging fire in the firing place. Suddenly it SH blankets in the room and spreads like wildfire, over a st Virgin Mary. In bed, Frankie suddenly sits up, her head leaned back, h fresh blood trickling down her face. Kiernan walks into the room cautiously, sees the fire, th Frankie. Pauses.
96) 4) dialog: Jesus said OThe Kingdom of God is inside you. And all aro in mansions of wood and stone. Split a piece of wood and FIRE FLARES around her...
96) 5) dialog: ...Lift a stone, and you will find me.
97) 0) text: Father Kiernan walks into the courtyard and up to a bench wrapped-up Frankie, who sleeps in his arms. The morning sun is bright and the breeze soothing over Fr Kiernan sits down on the bench and watches Frankie. She stirs and her eyes open. She watches him. Looks weak.
99) 0) text: We see again the striking statue of the crying Virgin of blood remains dripping down her face. We see Father Kiernan move down the aisle toward the alta the church is empty besides a cleaning lady. He walks up to the statue and gazes at it. Turns and move beside the statue. Kneels down. Reveals a KNIFE and begin the floor... ....Unearths a loose floorboard, removes it, and we see S PAPYRUS in the earth. He takes them out and unravels them. We see the same lett scrolls as in Frankie's apartment. He also finds the small book Father Alameida wrote the tr He opens it, reads it as:
99) 1) dialog: Jesus said, 'The kingdom of God is inside you and all aro