6) 0) text: STANDING O from the crowd as the cartoon ends and the lig HERB, an all-purpose sidekick type, appears at the podium
6) 1) dialog: Thank you...that's our pilot...the good news is, Comedy Channel has just picked us up with an order for six new episodes! HERB leads a round of APPLAUSE. JULIE nudges STU - the on room who's still in his seat.
6) 2) dialog: Now, let's give it up for the guy who started it all. Creator of America's most disturbed comic strip...the man behind the monkey...Mister Stu Miley! A SPOTLIGHT hits him, and he STANDS to tumultuous applaus genuinely stunned. He can't believe it's happening. JULIE surreptitiously PINCHES him on the bottom, giving h WINKS at him. He shoots her a small private smile - then at the adoring crowd.
8) 8) dialog: Sorry, Julie - won't be a minute. Now Stu - I know you don't like the idea, but you really ought to talk to these guys -
9) 1) dialog: Go? There's a potload of money here, pal. You got three major toy companies...you got the guys from Burger God over here...
9) 3) dialog: Never proven. They're ready to pop for a pre- emptive endorsement. Kids love Burger God - The MERCHANDISERS shoot STU an expectant wave. STU waves in the opposite direction. HERB grabs him by the sleeve.
9) 5) dialog: Do you know what kind of opportunity you have here? You gotta strike. I'm talking mansions. Lamborghinis. Champagne for mouthwash when you brush your teeth!
9) 7) dialog: Being rich is not a trap. That is a dirty lie perpetuated by rich people to keep the failures from killing them.
9) 9) dialog: Why?
9) 11) dialog: Oh my God...you're proposing?
9) 13) dialog: ...In some weird way I respect that. JULIE's over by the punchbowl. She sees the two boys star conspiratorially - MAKES A FACE at them as she waves back
9) 14) dialog: Okay then. If I get you out of here - you pop the question - tonight. Or else. Get me? STU nods gravely.
10) 0) text: STU, JULIE, and HERB in the parking lot. A small safari o loading enormous boxes full of MONKEYBONE JUNK into STU's stuffed dolls, action figures, board games, lunchboxes, b team jackets and more! STU groans at the sight of it...
10) 1) dialog: They're just prototypes...take 'em home and look at 'em before you say no... (scanning the streets) If you could just hold on a minute or two, we're expecting a couple more trucks. STU GLOWERS at HERB as he opens the car door for JULIE.
10) 2) dialog: Okay, okay! You're a beautiful couple. Go.
78) 0) text: JULIE squeezes through the crowd, finds HERB working the
78) 1) dialog: I tell you, he's ready to merchandise. We've gotta move quickly. Get the toy guys, the burger guys, the lunchbox guys -
87) 0) text: The entire Monkeybone brain trust has come to visit: HERB head MR. BOWERS, and several CORPORATE REPS hoping to arr deals. Host STU-BONE has started to take on a simian look prominent ears, flared nostrils, heavy beard stubble, etc The BURGER GOD REP sets a tray of FAST FOOD in front of S packaging all covered with angelic haloed Monkeybones.
87) 2) dialog: What's the matter?
87) 4) dialog: Less. STU-BONE immediately signs the contract and shakes hands GOD REP. HERB consults his agenda.
87) 5) dialog: Oh, here's something. The city zoo is kicking off a fund-raising campaign. They wonder if you'd be willing to appear at a benefit.
87) 7) dialog: Well, nothing. It's a benefit. But we could probably get People and Entertainment Tonight to cover it.
87) 9) dialog: And last...you remember Bill here, from the Bazoom Toy Company? He's got a little something I think you'll like. The TOY REP sets a LOCKBOX on the table. A stencil on the SECRET." He pulls out a key and opens it to reveal... ...a tuxedoed, collector's-edition MONKEYBONE DOLL lying CRUSHED PURPLE VELVET. He carefully removes the treasure Its right hand is hinged. The doll's thumb is UP ITS REAR
88) 2) dialog: A piГ±ata. That's a great idea!
88) 5) dialog: Head trauma.
101) 0) text: STU-BONE and HERB are standing outside the garage in form crew of ZOO WORKERS load MONKEYBONE DOLLS into a pickup.
101) 1) dialog: You're really gonna pop the question?
101) 3) dialog: I can't believe you. You used to hate being the center of attention. Now you're proposing, in public, at a benefit.
113) 0) text: As HERB is walking toward the refreshment table, an ODD L face. All at once he begins to TUG at his collar. He yank ...doffs his JACKET onto the pavement...
114) 9) dialog: CLOTHES! Beware of clothes. They're working together. All of them. Shirts...pants...