30) 0) text: ELEVATOR DOORS open, and we glide into the swank, swingin bachelor pad of HYPNOS, God of Sleep. A giant flying CUPI tiny bumblebee wings somehow keeping his vast bulk aloft. HYP'S HIDEAWAY occupies the entire penthouse floor, and t party in full effect. A rotating disco ball flashes color walls, floors, and ceilings covered with shockadelic OP-A
40) 7) dialog: Haw! I like a monkey with vision!
40) 12) dialog: Wait a minute. Stu Miley, right? Boys and girls ...Mr. Stu Miley, in the house! (leading a round of applause) This is an honor. We see a lot of nightmares down here, but yours are like caviar, man. You da shits!!
40) 14) dialog: Uh huh. And?
40) 17) dialog: Kid - didn't they tell you about this party?
40) 19) dialog: It's a special kind of party. A farewell party. Do you...get what I'm saying?
40) 25) dialog: Y'see, Stu, as I understand it, you made this pact with your sister...no life support? MONKEYBONE's jaw drops. He slaps himself across the foreh
40) 30) dialog: Actually, Stu, Julie doesn't get to decide. That's why she was having the nightmare. (an embarrassed shrug) They're pulling the plug at nine AM.
40) 34) dialog: Stu, I like you personally, I admire your work, but I'm just the God of Sleep. This is Death's bailiwick.
40) 36) dialog: Me? Me, go crawling to Death? My friend, it will be a cold, cold day in Las Vegas, Nevada, before I go crawling to that piece of - HYP shuts up. Looks around the room, as if he's afraid of overheard. Then he gestures to the boys to join him on th They climb aboard eagerly. HYPNOS hits his remote...
41) 1) dialog: Now Death is not what you would call a people person, like me. Death is a putz - and I should know. I'm his little brother.
41) 3) dialog: Oh yeah. Mr. By-the-book, Stick-Up-the-Ass, My- Way-or-the-Highway Death. Believe me - over the course of eternity, you get pretty damned tired of that schtick. (spreading his hands) So I need a job. He sticks me in this broke-down amusement park, with a buncha animals to run it. I'm supposed to be grateful?
41) 5) dialog: Thank you. I decorated it myself.
41) 7) dialog: Oh, right. Cheating Death. There's one thing you might try. Only one guy in history ever pulled it off. Well, actually two. Actually, no, there was that other guy who...well, very few people have done it.
41) 10) dialog: You've seen those E-tickets, right? Well, what you gotta do...is go into the Land of Death... and steal an E-ticket right out from under Death's nose.
41) 12) dialog: Kid, listen: that's all I'm saying. And you didn't hear it from me. HYP hits the remote. The bed begins to ROTATE OUTWARD aga
41) 13) dialog: You've heard of a fate worse than Death? That's what's waiting for you if you screw up.
64) 4) dialog: Sorry, Stu. It's all part of the deal. We've got big plans for that body of yours!
69) 2) dialog: Enough, enough, I'm hung over. As HYPNOS passes, the DUNGEON DWELLERS race up to the WAL separates the entry area from the dungeon proper.
69) 7) dialog: Sorry, Steve, maybe next time. And how's our new guest settling in - ?
69) 10) dialog: Easy, pal! I was coming to congratulate you. It ain't easy snatching one of those E-tickets. Steve here was the last guy to pull it off, and that musta been, what, 25 years ago...?
69) 12) dialog: It's simple, Stu. We need nightmares - lots of 'em. So whenever we can swing it, we send a guy up to stimulate the flow...a nightmare maker! Like Steve here. Poe. Rasputin...we've been doing this all the way back to Atilla and Genghis Khan!
69) 14) dialog: The monkey, of course. It was his idea.
69) 16) dialog: Nobody wants to be a sidekick, Stu. So one day he comes to us - he's got a proposition. We help him get your body...in return he gives us all the nightmares we want.
69) 18) dialog: Oh, no, no, no. Y'see, Stu, as it happens, that girlfriend of yours figured out the chemical basis of bad dreams. And she just whipped up a big old batch of nightmare juice! STU's face goes white as he realizes the point of the mas
69) 19) dialog: Oh, we're predicting a record box-office. It's like I always say...nightmares are your best entertainment! HYPNOS marches off, chuckling. STU's head sinks into his
81) 0) text: A CARLOAD OF SUPERMODELS. They kill their engine in the m intersection and climb out to join the mob chasing STU-BO He cuts around a corner, ducks into an alley, and FLATTEN behind a dumpster. As the girls run past, he pulls out a and MOPS SWEAT from his brow. Then, with a what-the-hell twinkle, he steps out and FLIN HANKIE into the midst of the GROUPIES. A CATFIGHT ensues scramble after this precious memento. The chase resumes. Suddenly he realizes he's SLOWING DOWN...running in SLO-M with the girls on his trail. After a moment, he FREEZES. anything except his EYES; he looks right, left, up, down. ...and suddenly he sees HYPNOS winking into view directly him! HYPNOS is perfectly capable of moving. He strolls ri frozen STU-BONE and SLAPS HIM REPEATEDLY, Moe Howard-styl
81) 1) dialog: You two-bit simian stooge. WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? We didn't send you up here to shake your booty and chase broads. We sent you up to make nightmares!! STU-BONE tries to speak. All that comes out is a slo-mo D
81) 2) dialog: Now find that nightmare juice and get to work. 'Cause you may be a free man during the day... but when you dream, your monkey ass is mine! He winds up - throws a ROUNDHOUSE PUNCH at STU-BONE'S FAC
97) 1) dialog: Dog dreams!! That stinkin' monkey. I can't believe it. We give him a body, and he sends us ...dogs. A FELINE BEAUTY embraces him from behind, pulls him onto
127) 0) text: HYPNOS and an audience of DARKTOWNERS peer into the night see a Keystone-Cops vision of fur-clad ESKIMOS, with club spearguns, amid a colony of terrified PENGUINS.
127) 1) dialog: Not again. THAT STINKING MONKEY!!!
130) 15) dialog: Death! So nice to see you. I can explain - He looks up tremulously. A GIANT SHADOW falls across him. GIANT ARMORED FOOT.