2) 0) text: A roomful of LIVE HUMANS watching the cartoon, heads turn with the kids onscreen. TV-INDUSTRY HIPSTERS, AD EXECS, M REPS...they're all guests at this sneak preview of the Mo and they're LAUGHING UPROARIOUSLY. In the midst of the crowd is a handsome young couple: JUL STU MILEY. JULIE's a research scientist, brainy, professi abnormally well-adjusted - and pretty enough that she'd b if it weren't for a prominent goofy streak. STU is the one guy in the auditorium who isn't laughing a on the screen. In fact, he's solemn as a judge - peering around to see how the rest of the audience is responding. Why? Because he's the cartoonist who created the characte In his looks (gangly, disheveled) and manner (sardonic, s deprecating), he's the obvious model for the character of
8) 2) dialog: You want to leave? But Stu - you're a big hit! Everyone loves you!
8) 4) dialog: It was you who got the standing O. It was you drawing on the belly over there...
8) 6) dialog: Can't you give it to me later?
10) 0) text: STU, JULIE, and HERB in the parking lot. A small safari o loading enormous boxes full of MONKEYBONE JUNK into STU's stuffed dolls, action figures, board games, lunchboxes, b team jackets and more! STU groans at the sight of it...
11) 2) dialog: Who?
11) 4) dialog: Stu - stop it. That monkey is good luck. You thought him up, and everybody loves him, and he's probably going to make you rich. So relax! Enjoy it!
11) 6) dialog: What's the "bad" part?
11) 8) dialog: (laughing; taking his hand) If you do, I'll be right there beside you. So face it. You're just going to have to be happy!
13) 3) dialog: I don't think so.
14) 4) dialog: I'm fine, baby. We're all okay. We were lucky.
14) 6) dialog: Dad's car? The BOY begins to SOB softly. JULIE nods in sympathy. Then: EVERYONE WINCES. The air is full of a horrible CREA like nails on a blackboard...
14) 8) dialog: 
14) 13) text: He's in the back of an ambulance, with PARAMEDICS all aro working feverishly. JULIE hovers above him, holding his h
14) 14) dialog: Stu? I'm here, baby. It's me. It's Julie. I love you. You're gonna be okay, baby, I promise - All at once he seems to be RECEDING from JULIE and the ot SINKING THROUGH the bottom of the stretcher, and BEYOND - floor of the ambulance! JULIE's voice grows weaker, more
14) 15) dialog: I'm here, baby. I won't leave you... And then all trace of the ambulance is gone, and he's flo through some strange LIMBO, surrounded by the silhouettes SHROUDS, with the sound of BIRDS CALLING all around him.. An AWFUL MECHANICAL RATCHETING NOISE fills the soundtrack close - and when they reopen, he finds himself in:
20) 2) dialog: I'm a doctor too. I know this man's brain - JULIE strokes STU's limp hand. He's COMATOSE, cocooned in wires and tubes. His head and shoulders are heavily banda hooked up to as much machinery as you can cram into one r
21) 0) text: Dead on her feet, JULIE stumbles toward the exit. As she' passes the WAITING ROOM -
21) 3) dialog: Oh, poor Buster. He hasn't been fed in a day and a half. Let me get some food... ALICE kneels to play with the dog. She hears a sudden GAS kitchen. JULIE is standing by the open refrigerator, wear absolutely stricken expression...
22) 0) text: ALICE finds JULIE holding a bottle of champagne - Veuve C Grande Dame 1989 - all wrapped up in a bow and ribbon.
22) 2) dialog: I don't know. I guess it was... She bursts into tears. ALICE sits her down at the kitchen takes the champagne from her.
23) 0) text: A limp JULIE soaking in a steamy tub, one arm dangling ov the vanity is a framed PHOTO STRIP, four poses for a doll first three, STU and JULIE are making outrageously goony fourth, they imitate the stern-faced farm couple from Ame She gazes at it for a long, long time. Eventually she smi
24) 0) text: OPEN on two PHOTOS, mounted in a single frame. On the lef KEATON, droopy-eyed, in his familiar porkpie hat and vest a Photoshopped image of BUSTER THE BASSETT HOUND, in the wearing Keaton's hat and vest. These photos are on the wall of the cramped room which se studio and JULIE's office. MONKEYBONE STRIPS are scattere drafting table. ALICE is making up the sofa as a guest be As she's hanging her coat in the closet she comes across CANVAS in the back, stashed behind a battered portfolio a of spiral-bound sketchbooks. She pulls it out. She's obvi by it, but she can't tear her eyes away... She's still gaping at the painting when JULIE enters in a robe.
24) 2) dialog: Stu. That was right about the time we met.
24) 4) dialog: Yeah...before your time. The canvas depicts a group of SURGEONS with the faces of standing over a HUMAN PATIENT, replacing his internal org MACHINE PARTS. The style is at once cartoony and unsettli
24) 6) dialog: He hadn't gotten a good night's sleep in years. The nightmares would wake him up, and he'd start right in painting... (chuckling) That boy looked like pluperfect hell. ALICE's gaze goes from the nightmare paintings to the MON tacked up over the drafting table.
24) 8) dialog: Switch hands.
24) 10) dialog: I'm serious. It was bicameral disjunction - right brain and left brain out of balance. He was a rightie, so I made him switch the pencil to his left hand. Just to see what'd come out. A smile comes to JULIE's face. She settles in on the floo and digs through the various portfolios until she comes u quickie CARTOON on the back of a napkin - the prototype f
24) 12) dialog: Left-handed, he was funny. He'd been doing all this scary, intense work...then he found out he could draw this stuff, and make me laugh, and he liked that. (shrugging) And then the nightmares just...stopped.
24) 14) dialog: I've put a ton of work into that boy, Alice. I am not going to let him get away from me.
25) 0) text: JULIE, in her white lab coat, wanders through Intensive C WOMAN hunched over STU's bed, BAWLING HER EYES OUT.
25) 1) dialog: Kimmy...? KIMMY looks up. She's crying so much she can barely recog
25) 3) dialog: When'd you get in?
25) 5) dialog: I'm fine, Kimmy. Fine.
25) 7) dialog: The ring...
25) 18) dialog: Kimmy, he doesn't know what's going on. He doesn't even know he's in a -
25) 20) dialog: It's too soon even to - talk about that!
28) 1) dialog: I think we can go another day without shaving. Long as you don't look like you're growing one of those stupid little goatees. She opens up the entertainment section of the daily newsp
28) 2) dialog: Hey, there's an article about the Monkeybone show. They've run that one episode about eight times now. Herb says it gets higher ratings every time...they're hoping you'll give 'em some new material soon... (long, bored pause) Wanna hear another joke? She refolds the paper and reaches into a bedside drawer f entitled The Book of Raunch. She pages through it for a m
28) 3) dialog: Okay...let me see...here we go. A plane full of explorers crashlands in New Guinea; they are captured by a cannibal tribe and taken to the chief's hut, where...wait a minute. I know this one... (reading ahead) You stinker! You swiped this joke for a Monkeybone strip! She whacks him on the arm with the book. No response at a
28) 4) dialog: Okay. Let's try again. Why did the pervert cross the road? The sound of SOBBING interrupts her joke. She looks up an standing in the doorway, red-eyed and crying.
28) 5) dialog: Kimmy! What's the matter?
32) 0) text: Paisley-shirted STU pours champagne for two. Toasts his b is, of course, JULIE, the dreamer of the dream. He pulls out a little velvet RING BOX and offers it to he tries to take it, he pulls it away, teasing her, and STEA Suddenly the two of them are locked in a tight embrace, r through the flowers, LAUGHING, full of joy.
34) 0) text: JULIE rolls onto her back on the grass, FACE AGLOW. Only that STU IS NO LONGER THERE BESIDE HER. She looks around. Gets to her feet. Turns. And the BACKGR MORPHS suddenly into...
36) 2) dialog: He tries to push his way forward to the orb. An angry CYC aside. A YETI grabs his coat and pushes him out of the wa
37) 1) dialog: No. No. STU!
38) 0) text: JULIE's distress is killing him. Yet all around him, DARK cackling their heads off, growling, howling, punching the air like rowdy drunks at a football game. He LOSES IT ALT
38) 2) dialog: 
38) 6) dialog: Somehow, JULIE has heard him!! Down in the nightmare orb, is looking UP, trying to locate the source of STU's disem He struggles to reach the orb, but the CYCLOPS is holding
38) 7) dialog: Stu? STU...? STU breaks free and FLINGS HIMSELF on the ORB - which SHO haze of smoke and sparks, abruptly ending the nightmare. vanishes - and STU gropes at the air, DESPAIRING.
39) 0) text: The real JULIE awakens suddenly and lets out a scream of
39) 1) dialog: 
45) 0) text: The wall clock says it's not quite 3 AM, yet JULIE has ma up all her co-workers: ALICE, HUTCH, CLARISSA, et al. The disheveled, un-made-up, unshaven. But they're there.
45) 1) dialog: Six hours. That's when they pull the plug. That's how long we've got to wake him up. (beat) Now these are Stu's old charts from five years ago, when he first came to the sleep lab... She points to a series of EASELS where HUTCH and ALICE ha up EEG printouts, engram maps, etc.
45) 2) dialog: ...they show incredibly intense nightmare activity. The chart below is his new chart... The lower chart shows a JAGGED SPIKE virtually identical the upper chart. JULIE pauses for effect - then pulls on lower chart, OPENING IT UP like a gatefold - The onlookers GASP. Opened accordion-style, the lower cha SAME SPIKE recurring again and again, TEN TIMES OVER!
45) 4) dialog: He's stuck in a loop - a nightmare loop. (beat) Anybody here know what Oneirix is?
45) 7) dialog: No. I want to give him more. I want to give him a massive dose.
45) 9) dialog: I don't want to stop the nightmare, Hutch. I want to crank it up. I want to take it right off the charts. I want to scare him awake. The group exchanges nervous glances: it's risky. JULIE cl
45) 10) dialog: All right! We have a plan. Let's move! As the group swings into action, HUTCH pulls JULIE aside.
45) 12) dialog: What'll it do if they pull the plug?
59) 0) text: STU's readout monitors are registering frantic nightmare JULIE and ALICE enter. JULIE sets her purse on STU's beds removes a SYRINGE and a test tube filled with PURPLISH FL
59) 1) dialog: What's the maximum safe dose?
59) 3) dialog: Five CC's.
67) 0) text: MOST OF OUR CAST is either in STU's room or in the hallwa PLUS we've got a man of the cloth; two LEGAL TYPES, with several of the NURSES from the facility. ALICE squeezes JULIE's hand, and JULIE squeezes STU's. Th on the clock hits twelve. KIMMY, sobbing into a handkerch EDELSTEIN the nod. As he reaches for the power switch...
67) 4) dialog: Stu?
67) 8) dialog: Thank you. Thank you for coming back to me. What she doesn't know is that, although he still looks li body is now occupied by MONKEYBONE. Since he's now a hybr man on the outside and monkey within, let's call him...
70) 0) text: STU's back from the hospital. JULIE is removing his bags of KIMMY's car while STU and KIMMY chat in the front seat
70) 3) dialog: Welcome home. STU-BONE grins insipidly. She kisses him, pulls him into - and then, overwhelmed by emotion, begins to SOB.
70) 4) dialog: Oh, baby, I can't believe you're back.
70) 7) dialog: Baby? Why don't you just...rest on the sofa for a minute. I'll be right back. She goes into the kitchen as STU-BONE plops onto the sofa bowl of FRESH FRUIT on the coffee table and immediately t a banana with his FOOT. But he can't. He's got shoes on. Frowning, he unties his his sock. His bare foot is in the fruit bowl when JULIE r kitchen with a TRAY holding a chocolate cake and the bott Stu bought three months ago. The cake bears the message " I LOVE YOU" in pink icing. She sits beside him with the goodies. He removes his foot crosses his legs, WIGGLES HIS TOES at her. She smiles unc she opens the bottle of champagne and pours two flutes fu
70) 8) dialog: Here's to a bottle...we should have opened... three months ago. She finishes pouring, hands a flute to STU-BONE. His face with CAKE and ICING. He's scooped out a big fistful and c into his pie hole. He GRINS at her.
70) 10) dialog: Stu, are you...feeling okay?
70) 12) dialog: You're acting kind of...odd.
70) 14) dialog: Buster! Look who's here! STU-BONE tenses instinctively. The dog is yipping, waggin insanely at the sight of his long-lost master - until he little bit closer, and senses that something is very, ver BUSTER sizes STU-BONE up and GROWLS. STU-BONE bares his t HISSES. The dog LUNGES - and STU-BONE jumps up on the sof
71) 0) text: SOUNDS of JULIE taking a shower in the adjacent bathroom STU-BONE is sprawled in bed, pillows propped up behind hi channels on the bedroom TV with his trusty remote. The Di happens to be showing a Jane Goodall special... NARRATOR (on TV)
71) 1) text: The mating rituals of the African silverback are as rigidly formalized as those of any animal we know - with the possible exception of man. Onscreen a FEMALE GORILLA is presenting her furry haunche MALE. STU-BONE watches this erotic spectacle with a connoisseur glances over at the open bathroom door and catches a teas JULIE'S SHADOW as she steps out of the shower and pulls o SCRATCHES and SNIFFS, just to put himself in the mood. On TV: MONKEY FOREPLAY, which consists of a pounce from b NARRATOR (on TV)
71) 3) dialog: What are you watching?
71) 5) dialog: You sure this is...medically advisable?
71) 7) dialog: Well. As long as it's okay with Monkeybone - STU-BONE almost lets out a gasp of shock. What does she m
71) 8) dialog: (glancing downward) - which it seems to be. STU-BONE does a take. The good news is, she doesn't suspe news is, he's apparently named after his creator's penis.
72) 0) text: All at once the air is full of Barry White's lush bariton bedroom CD player. Through the bedroom doorway we see STU waltzing romantically, belly to belly, still wrapped up i robe. The only jarring note is BUSTER'S FRANTIC BARKING. The po behind an accordion gate in the hall, going crazy, trying mistress about the imposter in STU's body. The dog is alm out Barry White - - so STU-BONE stops kissing JULIE long enough to reach ov foot and KICK THE DOOR SHUT.
73) 0) text: JULIE watches from the bed as STU-BONE begins peeling off going into a bizarrely formalized MONKEY MATING DANCE. He and forth from one side of the bed to the other, making f FEINTING at her occasionally. JULIE has some dim sense that this ritual is supposed to in fact, it's making her damned nervous. She finds hersel on the bed, trying to keep out of STU-BONE's way. Now he LEAPS UP onto the foot of the bed. REARS BACK. And howl of triumph, POUNCES AT JULIE! Terrified, she rolls out of the way. STU-BONE'S SKULL sla headboard.
73) 1) dialog: Oh, God!! Baby! Are you - Dazed, he sits up. He tries to stand, but his rubbery leg he pitches over - CRACKING HIS SKULL AGAIN on the nightst
74) 0) text: JULIE helps a punchdrunk, staggering STU to the stairway.
74) 2) dialog: It was great, baby. Let's get you to the ER. As they pass, BUSTER lets out a little growl of satisfact his gate. HOLD ON THE DOG's satisfied expression as STU-B balance and topples down the stairs O.S.
76) 2) dialog: I'm heading in to work, baby. Are you sure you'll be okay?
76) 4) dialog: They only made the one episode. They've shown it about nineteen times.
77) 3) dialog: I had to park two blocks away. Is something - He pulls her to his side for a photo op. FLASHBULBS go of
78) 0) text: JULIE squeezes through the crowd, finds HERB working the
78) 2) dialog: Herb...what in God's name - HERB holds up a finger. He's too busy talking. STU-BONE e video crew in tow. JULIE somehow manages to sideline him.
78) 3) dialog: What's this about merchandising? You always hated merchandising!
86) 0) text: A disheveled STU-BONE, back from his secret mission, is t his clothes off so he won't wake JULIE. But she starts to jumps into bed fully dressed and pulls up the covers.
86) 1) dialog: Stu? Is that you? Where did you go?
86) 3) dialog: Baby, don't lie. I know you went out.
86) 5) dialog: You're wearing a topcoat, Stu. - Where are your pants?
90) 1) dialog: The thing is, I'm responsible for the way he's acting. It's the nightmare juice. It's got to be.
90) 3) dialog: I can't explain this, Alice, but I'm not so sure it did. It's as if...he's not Stu any more. The Stu I love is gone! (beat) He spends all his time in the garage. He says he's...autographing.
93) 0) text: LOUD BARKING outside. JULIE wanders over toward the windo
93) 2) dialog: Actually, no, I don't think I'm overreacting.
100) 1) dialog: "4/17: Subject, when unaware of observation, prefers to hold eating utensils...with feet. Successfully carves turkey roll holding eating utensils...with feet."
100) 4) dialog: "4/18: Subject climbs backyard tree...to perform elimination. When confronted with product... blames it on family dog." DEAD SILENCE from the mortified group. They never had a c at Johns Hopkins. JULIE somehow keeps a stiff upper lip - embarrassed for STU, but a scientist nonetheless.
102) 0) text: JULIE is getting dressed for the benefit when the PHONE R
102) 1) dialog: Hello? Oh, Hutch - what?
102) 4) dialog: Kool-Aid!? But who'd would want to - Her eyes move to the WINDOW - to STU-BONE out by the gara
102) 5) dialog: Okay. Call the police. I'll be right over.
103) 1) dialog: The technical name is Oneirix. It's an enzyme. It's present in the brains of -
103) 5) dialog: (suddenly afraid) Yeah...I remember it vividly.
114) 0) text: JULIE has arrived at the zoo. She's wandering zombie-like food court, flanked by her friends ALICE and CLARISSA.
114) 1) dialog: Whatever he's done, I'm responsible for it.
114) 6) dialog: Tell them what? I don't know anything concrete. All I have is a feeling. All of a sudden, they hear SHOUTS and LAUGHTER from the a reptile house. In the distance, ZOO SECURITY GUARDS are c MAN through the crowds of formally-dressed partygoers.
114) 8) dialog: That...that's Herb! The GUARDS catch hold of HERB and drag him away past JULI CLARISSA. He doesn't recognize any of them. He's PSYCHOTI
119) 0) text: The last stages of dinner. WAITERS are already clearing p although JULIE has barely touched her food she sends her Onstage a BAND is playing tasteful zoo jazz. When the num BONE approaches the dais and leans into the mike.
119) 5) dialog: It looks so...new.
119) 7) dialog: But the heirloom ring. Your grandmother's ring...
119) 14) dialog: He called me "Doc." - which STU-BONE never does. Someone in the crowd yells..
120) 1) dialog: Please. Where did you take that man...? The GUARD points to an ANIMAL CONTROL VAN. JULIE sees O.D out through a small barred panel. Their eyes meet...
120) 2) dialog: Who are you? Why did you say those things?
120) 5) dialog: 
120) 7) dialog: Stu...how?
120) 10) dialog: What's wrong?
120) 17) dialog: Stop this. Now. Those dolls have been tampered with. They're toxic! O.D. STU comes marching through the crowd. He passes a LI DISPLAY of Stanley and Monkeybone...GRABS THE BACKPACK of figure...and proceeds deliberately toward STU-BONE.
120) 31) dialog: 
131) 0) text: JULIE SOBS in a POLICEMAN's arms at the exit to the zoo.
131) 1) dialog: I don't know what happened. All I know is...he was in a coma...and then he came back...and now he's gone again. They wander out. Behind them, a squad of COPS are confisc MONKEYBONE DOLLS from squawling children as they file out
133) 1) dialog: Is it you? Is it really you this time? He pulls her close and kisses her long and hard, quelling
133) 2) dialog: Oh, Stu. Tell me I'm not dreaming.
133) 4) dialog: What's the matter?