25) 2) dialog: Oh, Julie...my poor Stu...my poor baby brother...
25) 4) dialog: An hour ago. (gathering herself) I tried to prepare myself, but I didn't know he would be like, like this. I can't even bear to look at him... How about you? You're okay?
25) 6) dialog: I had so much I always wanted to say to him. At least he had a chance to give you the ring.
25) 8) dialog: Grandmama's ring. The engagement ring. He asked me to send it to him - JULIE turns to look at STU in the bed. The certain knowle about to propose is like a knife in her heart. KIMMY feel having let the cat out of the bag, but before they can ha
25) 11) dialog: Can you give us a realistic sense of my brother's chances?
25) 13) dialog: But these...machines are what's keeping him alive, is that right? This remark sends a shiver down JULIE's spine, but she ke
25) 15) dialog: Can you give me a realistic idea...of how long this is going to last?
25) 17) dialog: Honey, I have to clarify this. The thing is, Dr. Edelstein, my brother has an absolute horror of doctors - hospitals - needles - all of it -
25) 19) dialog: Please, Julie. This is not easy for me. Our father took a long time to die. A long time. It just about killed us all. And Stu and I made a pact that when our time came - we wouldn't let it drag out.
25) 21) dialog: Give me a date, Doctor.
25) 23) dialog: I want him to have every chance, Doctor. We can certainly give it...three months. No one says anything. But both women look at STU, and the other, and everyone knows exactly where everyone else sta a sinking feeling that STU is working on a 3-month deadli
28) 6) dialog: This is hard for me, Julie...very hard...but it's been three months now, and... (long pause) I gave the order. JULIE just stares at her for a beat or two, refusing to u it sinks in. Her hand goes to her mouth in horror and gri
35) 0) text: The room is decorated for a FAREWELL PARTY, complete with confetti. KIMMY, DR. EDELSTEIN, various MEDICAL PERSONNEL are wearing party hats, lifting champagne glasses in a to guest of honor...the comatose Stu!
67) 0) text: MOST OF OUR CAST is either in STU's room or in the hallwa PLUS we've got a man of the cloth; two LEGAL TYPES, with several of the NURSES from the facility. ALICE squeezes JULIE's hand, and JULIE squeezes STU's. Th on the clock hits twelve. KIMMY, sobbing into a handkerch EDELSTEIN the nod. As he reaches for the power switch...
70) 0) text: STU's back from the hospital. JULIE is removing his bags of KIMMY's car while STU and KIMMY chat in the front seat
70) 1) dialog: I just couldn't stand the thought of you suffering. I love you so, I would never have... forgive me, Stu. Please forgive me.