1) 0) text: Thirty sets of legs SPRINTING through the gorgeous red an sandstone terrain. A junior military unit - THE RANGER CADETS - Thirty-two teenage boys, in four teams of eight, dressed identically. AFTER EARTH Revised Salmon 5/9/12 4. REVEAL: Kitai strides ruggedly at the center of the pack, SMALLER THAN THE OTHERS. For their every one stride, Kita has to take two. He’s nearly SPRINTING, just to pace. A huge river cuts through a stunning red mountain range. Immediately we notice something strange. There is - A LARGE PLANET NEARBY and a larger sun eating away at a smaller sun. Superimpose: NOVA PRIME: Human Settlement YEAR: 1000 A.E. We push in close on Kitai running at full gait. SWEATING.
5) 0) text: Each CADET, with their “training staff,” now dons a speci HELMET. They are staring down an ominous narrow rock cany
13) 0) text: Results day: Kitai sits on a bench surrounded by the ston frieze carved in the wall. He sits beneath his father’s i on the wall. He gets up and moves towards the tube-like elevators that down into the ground. He joins other cadets that are gett on the elevators.
14) 0) text: We are down in the honeycomb-shaped caverns. Kitai and tw other cadets, including BO, as focused and present as eve and RAYNA, a pretty fifteen-year-old, line the hallway standing at attention. Kitai is indeed young and small compared to the others, a full head shorter than Rayna.
17) 0) text: Cypher in the guest room, which is part guest room, part shrine to Senshi. His bag and cutlass are next to him. Pictures of family move and float on a smart fabric wall. Cypher leans forward and touches Senshi -- THE FABRIC WAL INSTANTLY FILLS WITH PICTURES OF SENSHI. She is laughing playing. And the General is watching, armored-up, his eye clinical. Some of the pictures have icons with them. He i not impervious. Cypher reaches up and hits an icon next t picture of Senshi in a Ranger uniform... Her image is in holographic form next to him. At a Ranger cadet ceremony. People are cheering in the background. We hear her name called. She walks forward. PASSES THROUGH CYPHER. And his ARMOR FALLS and the father is suddenly vulnerable. And he can’t take it. Momentarily losing it. the hologram, she walks forward to a platform, an award i pinned to her uniform. Cypher struggles for control. As he rises find THE GENERA reflected in the window, a mirror at night. Behind him THE CROWD CHEERS SENSHI. A drill routine with cutlass. Senshi is amazing with it. He turns and watches beloved daughter.
59) 8) dialog: 
87) 0) text: Kitai does not respond. He is shell-shocked. He doesn’t s like a cadet right now. He seems like a child. His lifesu has turned yellow.