8) 0) text: Holographic Cypher and six other Rangers posed heroically
15) 29) dialog: Faia. 33 AFTER EARTH Revised Pink 1/26/12 20.
15) 31) dialog: You've grown.
15) 33) dialog: (no emotion) Your collar’s ragged. You have a crease on your right pant leg, but not your left. Fold crease. Cypher gives Faia a look over this offense. She stares ba
15) 34) dialog: Your jacket is improperly fastened. * Before you present yourself for inspection, Cadet, square yourself in the mirror. Is that understood?
15) 36) dialog: But... this isn’t an inspection. Cypher gives Kitai an awkward pat on the back.
16) 0) text: Cypher, Faia, and Kitai sit at the table having a silent family meal.
16) 1) dialog: So, how were finals? * Cypher looks to Faia. *
16) 2) dialog: How were finals? * AFTER EARTH Revised Pink 1/26/12 20A. Kitai glances at his mother, then looks down. AFTER EARTH Revised Pink 1/26/12
16) 4) dialog: Where do we look when we speak? Kitai now makes eye contact with his father.
16) 6) dialog: You were not advanced to Ranger... He leans forward listening for the additional --
16) 8) dialog: That’s all right. You're young.
16) 10) dialog: Well, if you were ready, Velan would’ve promoted you. He’s a good man. Knows his stuff. You weren’t ready. Cypher returns to his food. Faia is actively GLARING at Kitai stares at his plate. Then --
16) 12) dialog: Are you asking me or telling me?
16) 14) dialog: Denied. Sit down. 21. him. Kitai sits down. Faia can’t believe how mean Cypher is be
16) 16) dialog: (to Kitai) ...-You’re excused. Kitai leaves. Cypher is left alone.
17) 0) text: Cypher in the guest room, which is part guest room, part shrine to Senshi. His bag and cutlass are next to him. Pictures of family move and float on a smart fabric wall. Cypher leans forward and touches Senshi -- THE FABRIC WAL INSTANTLY FILLS WITH PICTURES OF SENSHI. She is laughing playing. And the General is watching, armored-up, his eye clinical. Some of the pictures have icons with them. He i not impervious. Cypher reaches up and hits an icon next t picture of Senshi in a Ranger uniform... Her image is in holographic form next to him. At a Ranger cadet ceremony. People are cheering in the background. We hear her name called. She walks forward. PASSES THROUGH CYPHER. And his ARMOR FALLS and the father is suddenly vulnerable. And he can’t take it. Momentarily losing it. the hologram, she walks forward to a platform, an award i pinned to her uniform. Cypher struggles for control. As he rises find THE GENERA reflected in the window, a mirror at night. Behind him THE CROWD CHEERS SENSHI. A drill routine with cutlass. Senshi is amazing with it. He turns and watches beloved daughter.
17) 7) dialog: I have a last mission to Iphitos. Flying tomorrow. And after it’s completed, I’m announcing my retirement.
17) 9) dialog: That’s it. It’s that time.
17) 11) dialog: I want my family back. I want you back. He takes out a necklace, antique jewelry from old Earth. incredibly rare and symbolic, but she just looks at him.
17) 13) dialog: We fight monsters. And before that, we learn how to fight them. (MORE )
17) 17) dialog: And before that, we dream about killing them. That is who we are and it is my responsibility to instill that into that boy. 23A.
17) 20) dialog: You’re damn right he is.
18) 0) text: Kitai sits alone in his bedroom. His uniform is crumpled the bed. He is in civilian clothes. Cypher enters the room. Kitai becomes still. Cypher sits across from him. They stare at each other. The silence is uneasy. The silence is broken as Cypher says:
18) 1) dialog: Pack your bags. You’re coming with me to Iphitos. We depart at second sun. His face fills with disbelief. THE ROAR OF FUSION-POWERED ENGINES OVERTAKES US.
19) 0) text: Nova Prime's central military hub. The MAIN HANGAR is a h cavernous, fabric structure, big enough to house several TRANSPORT SHIPS for loading and unloading. Kitai is a kid in a candy store. He watches a sleek TRANS SHIP being fueled. A few yards away Cypher stands with Fa An aide, LT. ALVAREZ, 40s, war-movie handsome, approaches 37 38 AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 25.
19) 2) dialog: That will be fine, Lieutenant. Alvarez smiles like a kid meeting his favorite rock star.
19) 13) dialog: Who's that grown-up hitting on our kid?
19) 19) dialog: That's not necessary, Ranger.
22) 2) dialog: Your mother told me. (beat, half-hearted) That’s great. This isn’t going to be easy for Cypher. They are interrup by the INTERCOM --
22) 4) dialog: I’m gonna grab some rack. Recommend you do the same. He switches off his light and rolls over. Kitai mimics hi father, but as the camera finds him again, he’s WIDE AWAK too excited to even think about sleeping. Then the camera finds Cypher, awake with his thoughts, to
26) 0) text: Cypher has his head leaned against the glass of the windo His eyes slowly open. THE HUM OF THE SHIP CONTINUES. Cyph pulls his head away from the glass. He looks out the wind curious. There is nothing but darkness outside. Cypher pu the back of his hand against the glass. HIS RING TOUCHES THE REINFORCED GLASS.
27) 25) dialog: Kitai, back in your seat now. (to Rangers) Rangers, go to Red Con 1! AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 34.
28) 0) text: Cypher ushers Kitai to his seat.
28) 1) dialog: Under your seat there's a lifesuit. Put it on, now. Kitai reaches for the lifesuit as his face contorts with concern. “What's going on?"
28) 2) dialog: Full harness!
29) 0) text: Cypher enters. The PILOT and his NAVIGATOR at the control become formal and tense.
29) 2) dialog: Appreciate the offer, Captain, but it's been a while since I sat ina cockpit. The Pilot and Navigator chuckle.
29) 4) dialog: (steely calm) What's the last known position of the closest asteroid storm?
29) 6) dialog: I'd like you to check again, Captain. The Pilot dutifully checks his holographic readouts.
29) 8) dialog: That's headed in our direction.
29) 10) dialog: I detected graviton vibrations in the hull. A Cat-4 storm's large enough to generate its own gravitational field, correct?
29) 12) dialog: Graviton build-up could be a precursor to a mass expansion. That storm could be on us in minutes.
29) 14) dialog: Then let’s just say I don’t like those odds. The Pilot and Navigator exchange a look.
31) 1) dialog: If we try to navigate out, the pull of our own graviton wake could set the thing off. Just hold course... and let's hope I'm wrong. BEAT. All eyes on the cockpit readouts. Everything looks stable, for now. But everyone is very tense.
31) 3) dialog: My wife would give an interesting answer to that question. Long, quiet, excruciating silence follows. Only the digit CHIRPING of the computers in the cockpit, and the empty expanse of space beyond the windshield.
33) 0) text: Cypher grabs an overhead handhold to stay on his feet as Pilot wrestles with the control yoke.
33) 1) dialog: Turn into it! Match bearing! The cockpit instruments are COMPLETELY HAYWIRE, multiple alarms sounding as the ship lists out of control. SUV-SIZED ASTEROIDS HIT THE SHIP.
33) 6) dialog: Can you travel us out of here? The Pilot looks at Cypher, confused-
33) 8) dialog: The anchorage on Lycia. It's the closest.
33) 12) dialog: Do it.
35) 2) dialog: Travel us now.
35) 4) dialog: That's an order. Cypher sits and pulls the double-strap harness over his shoulder. The Pilot throws open the protective cover of a CONTROL LEVER, puts his hand on it as the ship lists towa another asteroid...
41) 0) text: Cypher doesn't seem to notice. His eyes stare at the buoy passing by their window. Cypher unbuckles and reaches to console past the frantic Pilots and hits a button on the panel. Every speaker in the control section fills with...
41) 2) dialog: It's not possible...
41) 4) dialog: (calculating) We can't... Can you travel us again?
41) 6) dialog: (even) Set her down. Cypher exits.
43) 0) text: The main cabin shudders violently. Cypher steadies himsel he moves down the passenger aisle towards Kitai. The Rang are all active. They are helping to reinforce the bulkhead area whose war lights are flashing above them. They pass the equipment b and forth efficiently and move with great precision. Kita instinctively unbuckles his double harness when he sees h dad. A RANGER HANDS CYPHER A RESPIRATOR FACEMASK. Cypher slams Kitai back into his seat.
46) 0) text: Cypher's eyes slowly open, Kitai still by his side. The following plays in REAL TIME, no time-cuts to interru Cypher and Kitai’s introduction to their dire straits. Cypher's calm eyes take in the surroundings and land on h son. Seeing Kitai breathing normally without a mask, Cyph removes his oxygen mask.
46) 1) dialog: Let me see you. Can you stand? Kitai reluctantly rises.
46) 2) dialog: Evaluate yourself. Kitai rolls his wrists, flexes his elbows, rotates his shoulders and neck. Leans side-to-side, front-to-back, sq up and down, testing his knees and legs. Fully-functional
46) 4) dialog: Turn around. Cypher watches as Kitai turns, inspecting him for damage. signs of injury. Cypher pauses. Thinks.
46) 5) dialog: Confirm the Ursa is contained.
46) 7) dialog: 
46) 10) dialog: (coughing heavily)
46) 13) dialog: The cockpit is directly above us. Go. Now. Kitai reluctantly, slowly stands.
46) 14) dialog: Go, Kitai. Kitai heads for the LADDER WELL down the corridor with th pace of a son certain that his father will save the day. Kitai moves into the cockpit. The Navigator and the Pilot have been crushed by a structural beam that has fallen on them in their chairs. Kitai has to lean over the dead cre and the beam to see the control board. He sees emergency lights blinking everywhere. Kitai glances to the open avionics room. Sees much of the equipment still lit up an blinking. Kitai moves to a control panel on the wall ther CYPHER’S VOICE carries up and through the stairwell--
46) 15) dialog: Go to the control board. In front of the left seat. Top row, fourth from the right. Activate Exterior Motion Sensors. Kitai tries to touch the panel. His hands are shaking violently. He clamps his hands together to get them to st shaking. He tries again. He finally finds the screen for “Exterior Motion Sensors." He hits a button with tremblin fingers. “Motion Sensor Activated" appears on the screen.
46) 17) dialog: Over your right shoulder. Kitai turns, following his father’s directions--
46) 18) dialog: To the right of the ladder well you just came through, there is a utility compartment. Go through it. There is an emergency beacon. (MORE )
46) 21) dialog: Rounded silver top like a saucer, tapers at the bottom. Nine by three. We need it to send a distress signal. Bring it to me.
47) 0) text: Kitai approaches the communication rack. The rack has bee damaged. Kitai finds the emergency beacon, like a small interstellar craft the size of a snowshoe. The bottom of beacon is crushed. Kitai carries it to Cypher. Cypher lifts the beacon and inspects the damage to the bottom. He switches it on. The activity light stays off. AFTER EARTH Revised Green 3/19/12 47. Cypher detaches and examines the mangled lower section of beacon. THE BEACON IS USELESS. Cypher's face goes white with despair. This is not good. Kitai watches curiously as Cypher's mind races. Another decision washes over Cypher's face.
47) 1) dialog: Kitai, my left shoulder is dislocated. Come here. Cypher lays down on his back. Places Kitai’s left foot on shoulder.
47) 2) dialog: (to Kitai) Take my wrist with both hands.
47) 4) dialog: (ignoring him) You need to pull as hard as you can. Kitai sits. He reluctantly takes Cypher's wrist. Cypher n to Kitai “One... Two...!!!” Kitai pulls desperately, his muscles straining. Cypher screams in agony. Kitai watches, frightened.
47) 5) dialog: We didn't get it. We didn't get it. ONE MORE! Pull harder, Cadet. I’ve been through worse. KITAI BRACES HIMSELF, DETERMINED.
47) 6) dialog: One... Two... Three!
47) 8) dialog: 
47) 10) dialog: (gasping for air) You got it. You got it. (looking around) We need to get me into the cockpit. (beat) There's a cargo loader at the rear. While Kitai moves for the loader, we watch as Cypher mana to prop up on his good elbow and assess things: how the s is twisted like a double helix; how BLOOD soaks through t pants on his LEFT LEG and his RIGHT ANKLE can’t be turned without pain.
48) 0) text: STILL IN REAL-TIME. A flat hydraulic machine with wheels lowered next to Cypher. Kitai gets distracted as he notic THE WINDOWS OUTSIDE HAVE FROZEN OVER WITH ICE. Kitai returns to the loader. It sits on a CARGO ELEVATOR the ship’s front bow. There is a small ramp that is flipp over. It touches the ground. Kitai hits a button and the starts to move like a conveyor belt. Kitai looks at his father who braces his arms at his sides. Kitai comes arou Kitai lifts his father’s leg. Places it on the belt. Kita pauses, noticing that even the slightest touch makes Cyph WINCE. Cypher starts to get dragged. Kitai hurries and li the second leg. Cypher jockeys his upper body until he is the conveyor belt completely. He is slowly deposited on t top of the flattened loader. THERE IS BLOOD FROM HIS LEGS THE RAMP OF THE LOADER. Kitai’s eyes shift from the BLOOD on his hands -- his father’s blood -- to Cypher, lying exhausted on the loade For the first time, Kitai realizes the statue that is Cyp Raige can be broken. Kitai presses a button and THE ELEVATOR BEGINS TO RISE. H cranes his neck to watch his father.
48) 1) dialog: (calling down) Inventory up. Full assets. Now.
49) 0) text: Cypher sits in front of the PILOTS’ CONTROL CENTER, occup the space where the Navigator once sat. The cargo loader as an adjustable gurney. Cypher's hand moves to the contr on the chair. He slowly raises his upper body and sits himself upright, propping his left leg on the console bes him. Cypher places his palm on a terminal to activate the cockpit computers. The initial burst of POWER gives Cyphe some hope. A hologram flashes --
49) 10) dialog: General Cypher Raige. First quarter Earth day. Crash landed.
51) 0) text: Kitai approaches his father's side, carrying supplies. Hi confidence slowly waning. He can see blood dripping from edge of Cypher's pant leg onto the floor. Cypher looks to Kitai, assessing his mental condition. Supplies are stacked nearby, among them six cutlasses. Ki places a med-kit and CYPHER’S KIT BAG beside the stack.
51) 1) dialog: I need you to focus right now. (beat) Assets? Kitai does not respond. He is lost in his father's injuri
51) 2) dialog: (calmly ) Cadet? I need an accounting of our assets. Kitai struggles to focus. He looks to the supplies in fro of him. Cypher intently probes Kitai's body language. Eve facial twitch, every stutter, everything.
51) 7) text: AFTER EARTH Revised Green 3/19/12 49A. Cypher manipulates the cockpit controls. A HOLOGRAPHIC IMAGE OF A LANDSCAPE arises over the consol
51) 11) dialog: Hand me the med-kit. Ranger pack. AFTER EARTH Revised Green 3/19/12 50. Kitai moves across the room and retrieves the two items. Cypher places the med-kit and Ranger pack in his lap. Tak Kitai’s wrist and turns it over -- activating the NAVI-BA on Kitai’s lifesuit. SCORES OF INFORMATION AND DATA LAYER AROUND KITAI’S WRIST like a holographic bracelet. Kitai’s never seen anything like this before.
51) 13) text: THE MONITOR TO CYPHER’S RIGHT FILLS WITH NUMBERS AND GRAP THAT MATCH THOSE ON KITAI’S NAVI-BAND. We realize Cypher syncing Kitai with the cockpit computers. *
51) 15) dialog: Cadet. Center yourself. Kitai does so. He calms. The BALL SHRINKS and MOVES INSID THE DIAMOND. Kitai pulls down his shirt and closes his lifesuit. Cypher sits back and stares heavily into Kitai' eyes. The weight of their predicament hangs between them. Cypher looks to his son. Cypher steadies his own heart an speaks. Kitai hangs riveted on every word.
51) 16) dialog: The emergency beacon you brought me will fire a distress signal deep into space. Kitai nods with comprehension.
51) 17) dialog: But it’s damaged. Cypher rapidly runs a scan for SPARE BEACON. He does not the answer he finds. He steels himself.
51) 18) dialog: There is another one, in the tail * section of our ship. Kitai studies his father, not sure what he is saying. Cyp brings up THE HOLOGRAPHIC LANDSCAPE. It is a stunning vis Grainy computerized imagery. We can make out mountain ran rivers, valleys, forests, deserts, small storm patterns, animals, birds, etc. THERE IS A BLINKING MARKER.
51) 19) dialog: (pointing to the screen) This is us here. I can’t get an * accurate reading, but the tail is somewhere in this area, * approximately one hundred kilometers from here.
51) 21) dialog: We need that beacon. Slowly the realization of what Cypher is saying begins to wash over Kitai's face. His eyes well with tears. Suddenl Cypher understands the magnitude of his words. He struggl to be the General, but in this moment he is only a father
51) 22) dialog: Kitai, my legs are broken. One very badly. You are going to retrieve that beacon or we are going to die. Do you understand? Kitai nods his head, “Yes." Cypher's eyes begin to well a beats back his raging emotion. Kitai does not falter. He not waiver. He simply wipes his eyes and like a true Rang awaits his orders, but like Kitai, he can’t help sneaking glance at the blinking RED DOT as a DARK AREA blots it ou Kitai pulls his attention from the map. Cypher has opened small black medical case marked: UNIVERSAL AIR FILTRATION - EMERGENCY USE ONLY. Inside, six vials are lined up.
51) 23) dialog: You have air filtration inhalers. Cypher removes one of the vials.
51) 24) dialog: You need to take one now. The fluid will coat your lungs, increase your oxygen extraction, and allow you to breathe comfortably in the atmosphere. Cypher demonstrates how to use the inhaler. Kitai places vial to his lips, presses the release, and inhales deeply
51) 25) dialog: You have six vials. At your weight, that should be twenty to twenty- four hours each. That's more than enough. Cypher helps Kitai with his Navi-band. A digital map layo appears as a hologram above Kitai's wrist. AFTER EARTH Revised Green 3/19/12 52.
51) 26) dialog: Your lifesuit and backpack are equipped with digital and virtual imaging. So I will be able to see everything you see and what you don't see. Cypher places the Ranger backpack on Kitai’s back and tur him around so that his backpack camera is facing Cypher. Cypher taps a control on the console and a MONITOR in fro of Kitai comes alive -- Kitai can see CYPHER’S FACE on it father looking deep into the heart of his child.
51) 27) dialog: (on the monitor) I will guide you. Cypher taps the same control to shut down the monitor. Tu Kitai to face him.
51) 28) dialog: It will be like I'm right there with you. (beat) Take my cutlass. Cypher holds out his cutlass. Kitai looks at it. His dad passing his weapon brings the reality of the moment home.
51) 29) dialog: Go on. Take it. C-40. The full twenty-two configurations. Kitai holds the weighty cutlass. It looks big in his hand Father and son stare, knowing full well this may be the l time they ever see one another.
51) 30) dialog: This is not training. The threats you will be facing are REAL. Every single decision you make will be life or death. This is a Class-1 quarantined planet. Everything on this planet has evolved to kill humans. (beat) Do you know where we are?
51) 32) dialog: This is Earth, Kitai.
51) 35) text: AFTER EARTH Revised Green 3/19/12 52A. Cypher allows this reality to sink in on his son.
51) 37) dialog: There are three possibilities. The first and most likely is that it died in the crash. This thought comforts Kitai.
51) 38) dialog: The second and less likely is that it is injured very badly and still contained. Cypher attempts to calm Kitai with the certainty in his voice.
51) 39) dialog: And the third and least likely is that it is out. The two pause thoughtfully.
51) 40) dialog: We will proceed, however, in anticipation of the worst-case scenario. Every movement will be under protocol: Escape and Evade. If he's out there, I will see him long before he gets anywhere near you. Beat.
51) 41) dialog: Don’t get ahead of yourself. Do everything that I say and we will survive. Beat. 71 AFTER EARTH Revised Green 3/19/12 54. Kitai wraps Cypher in a hug. He can barely get his arm ar his father’s shoulders, but it doesn’t matter. Father and son hug for what seems like an eternity. He cannot see hi father’s face, but we can see Cypher is frightened for hi
51) 43) dialog: Time’s wasting. And we've got a lot to do.
51) 44) text: Kitai forces himself out of his father’s arms. Does his b to stand straight and stay tough as he snaps his cutlass his backpack. * A last look, before Kitai manages a weak military turn an exits. ON CYPHER -- watching his child walk into the unkn
52) 5) dialog: Copy. Kitai stares into the shadows. He looks to his cutlass gleaming in its retracted state. He taps a combination on handle. IT INSTANTLY FORMS A CURVED BLADE THAT IF NOT FOR PROTECTIVE LIFESUIT WOULD HAVE SLICED HIS ARM. He stares the near miss. Retracts it. He taps another pattern. THE FIBERS EXTEND TO SIX FEET LONG - razor-sharp at the ends. Reveal a rock cavern. KITAI HEARS THE SOUND OF SMALL STON FALLING. He exits the torn end of the ship. He breathes heavily as the large doors close behind him, cutlass read He jumps down - sees A FEW BODIES OF RANGERS HANGING DEAD
52) 8) dialog: Kitai, take a knee. Kitai kneels down on one knee as he’s told. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 55.
52) 9) dialog: I want you to take your time. Acclimate yourself to the environment. Tell me any and everything. No matter how inconsequential it may seem. Everything you see, hear, smell, how you feel. Over. KITAI CAN SEE DAYLIGHT ABOVE HIM.
52) 11) dialog: Very good. The gravitational pull on this planet is slightly different than at home. Kitai calms. He looks up.
52) 13) dialog: Okay. Get going.
52) 16) dialog: KITAI! What happened? Kitai hangs by a thread. He stabilizes himself and regain his grip. 72 73 AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 56.
52) 18) dialog: What’s your SitRep? Your vitals spiked.
53) 0) text: Cypher watches the monitor as Kitai's vitals spike into t RED.
53) 1) dialog: I say again. What is your Situation Report? What happened?
54) 3) dialog: There is an escarpment where two Earth continents collided. Looks like it could be a waterfall. It's at about forty-five kilometers. We'll call that our midway checkpoint. There’s no way you can return after that point. We'll assess rations and reevaluate when you get there. But let’s break it into sections.
55) 0) text: Cypher looks at the monitor. We see an icon for Kitai and the north a huge grouping of trees. Cypher draws a line f Kitai to the trees.
55) 1) dialog: First leg is twenty kilometers to the mouth of the north forest.
56) 0) text: Kitai looks to his Navi-band on his wrist. The holographi imagery matches what Cypher saw in the cockpit.
56) 1) dialog: Let’s take it easy. Set chronometer for one hundred eighty minutes. Over.
57) 0) text: Cypher takes this as a disobeyed command. He sits back in seat, contemplatively. 74 75 76
58) 6) dialog: No need. You just go ahead. Kitai comes to stop.
58) 8) dialog: Seems to me that you're in charge of this mission. And in my limited military experience, when two people are in command, everybody dies. So I will defer to your leadership, Cadet.
58) 10) dialog: What is my name? Kitai confused - hesitates.
58) 12) dialog: 
58) 15) dialog: And who am I?
59) 0) text: Cypher stares at the holograms.
59) 1) dialog: 
61) 0) text: Cypher sits calmly. (There was a bit of military performa in Cypher's words) He's seen many men in combat. He knows exactly what they need and exactly when they need it.
61) 1) dialog: Now at H plus one eighty I need you at that forest. Set your chronometer.
61) 4) dialog: General Cypher Raige. Earth time 6:24. Beginning probe search to confirm Ursa is not released.
65) 0) text: Cypher’s monitors fill with PROBE IMAGES: THE CURVE OF TH
66) 0) text: WE SEE THE POINT OF VIEW OF KITAI moving along a horizon pastures that seem to go on forever. WE SEE KITAI’S VIEW along a ridge that looks down into a valley with a profusion of wildflowers and greens. Cypher studies numbers floating over the control board.
66) 1) dialog: I estimate H plus four days to reach the tail. Use your Navi-band. Stay on azimuth. The temperatures on this planet fluctuate dramatically daily and most of the planet freezes over at night.
66) 4) dialog: There are hot spots, geothermal nodes between here and the tail that will keep you warm during the freeze-over. You must reach one of these nodes each evening before nightfall. Over.
66) 8) dialog: Standard operating procedure till I give you further instructions.
67) 0) text: Cypher is in military gear. He is in a battlefield trench There are other soldiers with him. There is a moment of peace. Senshi appears on his navi-band. He moves it into shadows to see her better. In the background we see she i the old Raige apartment. A young Kitai is playing in the background.
67) 3) dialog: I’m here. She holds up the old copy of Moby Dick.
67) 5) dialog: Mm hmm...
67) 7) dialog: Hold on to what --?
67) 10) dialog: We, Senshi. For their oil. And they almost disappeared. Just before The Age of Carbon Fuels...
67) 14) dialog: Copy. 64. 87 AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 64A. Cypher turns his eyes to holographic displays. 88 89 AFTER EARTH Revised Pink 1/26/12 65.
67) 15) dialog: Cadet, the Earth's rotational cycle is shorter than back home. You have six hours to reach the first geothermal site. Over.
68) 1) dialog: Let's stay in the shade as much as possible. Direct sunlight is intensely carcinogenic. You must limit exposure. Over.
68) 3) dialog: The rain used to be acidic, but it doesn’t seem to be a problem now. Green slopes away on either side of the fissure in the ea Kitai is making good progress.
69) 0) text: Cypher checks IMAGES FROM THE PROBE CAMERAS. #11 is KNOCK AS A LARGE ANIMAL BRUSHES PAST -- A HUGE EVOLVED GIRAFFE. The animal now looks into the camera. The giraffe rears u two legs. The computer sends Cypher information -- GIRAFF CAMELOPARDALIS.. GIRAFFE. Cypher looks at the LIVE IMAGE OF THE GIRAFFE with awe. I like seeing a live dinosaur. Then the giraffe swats at the camera. The camera evades. Cypher hits the cockpit recorder. 88 89 90 91 AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 66.
69) 1) dialog: Probe cameras unable to detect signs of Ursa in the wild.
70) 2) dialog: Negative. (beat) You've got three hours to reach the hot spot. That's plenty of time. Hydrate now and keep moving. Kitai flips up a hydration tube from his backpack and dri as he moves deeper into the forest. Kitai swallows his irritation and moves into the forest.
71) 3) dialog: Your suit’s made of smart fabric. It has motion sensors. (MORE )
71) 6) dialog: I'm tracking a lifeform moving near you from the west.
71) 9) dialog: Negative. It's smaller. Bio signs read only a meter-and-a-half long. Kitai stands motionless. Beat.
71) 11) dialog: It's closing rapidly from the west. DO NOT MOVE! It is what it is. Relax. Go ready. Try to give me visual. Creatures on this planet have evolved from the ones we have on record because of radiation bursts.
71) 12) dialog: It's at fifty meters, forty, thirty... Kitai is breathing erratically.
71) 13) dialog: It's slowing down. Twenty (long pause) Ten... Kitai stands at the ready. HE CAN HEAR PLANTS BEING SNAPP
71) 14) dialog: (whispering) It's right there, Kitai. Kitai in a panicked whisper.
71) 16) dialog: Relax, Cadet. Recognize your power. This will be your creation. Slowly from the forest - a small evolved baboon creature. face is hauntingly human, but it walks on all fours. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 67A. At least it would if it hadn't lost one of its appendages what looks like might have been a fight.
72) 0) text: Cypher gets a visual from Kitai's lifesuit camera and on screen comes a full description of the creature.
72) 1) dialog: It's fine, Kitai. Be still. Let it pass. Do not startle it.
73) 3) dialog: Don’t do anything!
74) 0) text: Cypher is pissed!
74) 1) dialog: Kitai, NO!
75) 3) dialog: Kitai, STOP! Over. Kitai THROWS THE ROCK, glancing off the baboon. The baboo just turns and leaves. Kitai almost hyperventilating.
76) 0) text: Cypher looks at the holographic readout. Kitai's vitals a spiking. 96 97 98 AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 69.
76) 1) dialog: You are creating this situation! Be still. Over. Suddenly on the monitor FIFTEEN DOTS begin moving rapidly towards Kitai.
76) 2) dialog: (to himself) Damn it! (beat) Cadet, get control of yourself! Listen to my instructions!
77) 1) dialog: To your rear, Cadet! OUT TO YOUR
78) 0) text: Cypher gets the chilling firsthand camera view. He watche helplessly as Kitai attempts to evade the raging creature WE SEE FROM THE CAMERA ON KITAI’S BACK - THE CREATURES GETTING CLOSER.
80) 0) text: Cypher sits in steely calm.
80) 1) dialog: Cross the river, Cadet! I repeat, cross the river!
82) 0) text: Cypher watches the underwater view in all its glorious te as Kitai goes up and down. Bobbing underwater and above. Kitai looks back, giving Cypher the clear view that the creatures are not following. AFTER EARTH Revised Pink 1/26/12 71.
82) 1) dialog: Cadet, they are no longer in pursuit.
83) 1) dialog: (calmly) I say again, they are not following you. Over. Kitai sprints wildly.
83) 2) dialog: Cadet, you are not being followed! Take a knee. Over! Kitai slows when he reaches a clearing and again takes ou the cutlass He makes a three-hundred-sixty degree turn, prepared to fight anything in his vicinity.
83) 3) dialog: Put my damn cutlass away.
84) 0) text: Cypher watches the maddening 360-degree pivot.
84) 1) dialog: Take a knee, Cadet.
86) 0) text: Cypher watches his son.
86) 1) dialog: If you want to die today that’s fine, but you are not going to kill me today. You are not out here by yourself. Everything you do affects me. I see right now that you do not have the intelligence to think for yourself, so I will be your brain. You DO NOT think. Cypher rubs his eyes. THEN: BEEP. BEEP. BEEP... Cypher looks to Kitai's vital sign readout.
86) 2) dialog: (concerned) Kitai, I need you to do a physical assessment. I'm showing rapid blood contamination. Are you cut?
87) 1) dialog: (sternly)
87) 4) dialog: Kitai?
87) 6) dialog: Check yourself. + eH HH HK
87) 8) dialog: (ultra calm) Open your med-kit, Kitai. Kitai reaches for his belt. His face anxious now. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 73.
87) 10) dialog: (measured and comforting) You have to administer the antitoxin in sequence. Inject yourself with the clear liquid first. Do it now! Kitai takes the first hypodermic from the med-kit, pops o the protective cap. His hands are trembling.
87) 12) dialog: The poison is affecting your nervous system. Relax. Stay even. Kitai fumbles twice with the needle. He stops, looks up, looks around, his eyes dilated and swelling closed. His p deepening. The veins of his right hand are turning black.
87) 14) dialog: Stay even! Inject yourself directly into the heart with the first stage now! Kitai takes a deep breath, grimacing as he removes the to his lifesuit and sticks himself in the chest with the hypodermic, presses the plunger. WE HEAR A DISCHARGE SOUN
87) 15) dialog: Now the second stage. Hurry. Kitai snatches his backpack off and fumbles around blindl the med-kit.
87) 16) dialog: Your left, to your left! Kitai finds the second hypodermic. HIS EYES NOW COMPLETEL SWOLLEN CLOSED. His hands shaking badly, he just about manages to remove the protective cap. AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 74. He sticks himself with the second hypodermic, but his thu just hovers over the plunger, unable to move.
87) 18) dialog: Press it into the ground! Kitai, roll over on it and press it into the ground! With a final effort, Kitai throws himself forward, the plunger depressing against the ground as he slumps over. Kitai's limp body lies motionless.
88) 0) text: Cypher watches as Kitai's blood contamination levels begi slowly decrease. The red beeping lights turn to yellow, signaling a slow return of Kitai's vital signs to normal.
88) 1) dialog: Great work, Cadet. Now you’re going to have to lie there.
89) 1) dialog: The parasite that stung you has a paralyzing agent in its venom. You're just going to have to lie there for a little bit while the antitoxin does its job.
90) 0) text: Cypher is precise, but Kitai's backpack camera brutally captures Kitai's swollen face. A single tear rolls from a lifeless eye. AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 75. 111 112 This is excruciating. Cypher, unable to aid his son, struggles for control in an uncontrollable situation.
92) 0) text: Cypher glances at the timer. His lifeless son. We pan around Cypher to a full-frame view of Kitai - seemingly close, yet so far. He stares at his son.
93) 1) dialog: Kitai. No response. A gentle dusting of frost begins to form on and around Kitai's weakened frame. Cypher grows increasingly distres The wind howls with ferocious intention.
93) 2) dialog: Kitai, it's time to get up. Kitai's eyes give no sign of life.
94) 0) text: Cypher looks at his son’s beautiful face, praying for any muscle twitch or flicker of life.
94) 1) dialog: Kitai, I want you to blink your eyes. Still nothing. There is a long beat. We vaguely hear Kita breathing. A tiny hint of ice shows on his left eyebrow.
94) 2) dialog: (deeply concerned) Son, I need you to please blink your eyes. Slowly... and ever so slightly... Kitai opens his eyes.
94) 5) dialog: The temperature is dropping five degrees every ten minutes. You've got twelve kilometers to the hot spot.
95) 0) text: Kitai's vitals are stable. He has gathered his gear and i ready to go. Cypher returns to General mode.
95) 1) dialog: Let's see that “Ten kilometers in fifty minutes" that you spoke about earlier, Cadet.
97) 1) dialog: sitRep? AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 78. 118
98) 0) text: The words “Arterial Shunt” stare back at Cypher from the screen. He pulls a long, narrow tubing from the med-kit a thin surgical knife. He opens an arm on the flat box and locks it to his chair The box is now positioned over his left thigh. He rips th side of his uniform, exposing the side of the leg. We see nasty gash on the side of his leg. THE HOLOGRAPHIC SCREEN SHOWS CYPHER’S ARTERIES AND VEINS GRAPHIC. ONE HAS BEEN SEVERED AND SEPARATED. The reality far worse than any animation could ever be. Cypher casts a quick glance to KITAI’S VIEW, as he sprint through the snowy landscape. A reminder of what’s at stak Without fanfare, Cypher plunges the thin knife into the s of his leg. His face and demeanor tighten under the strain.
98) 16) text: AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 79. 119 Cypher stares, on the verge of unconsciousness. His eyes close. His eyes open. His eyes close.
99) 3) dialog: (distracted) He’s a good character. Something interesting happens to him later. She holds up the cake toward her father.
99) 5) dialog: No Senshi, you go ahead. You blow. AFTER EARTH Revised Pink 1/26/12 80.
99) 7) dialog: Now, you know there’s no way I can actually do that from here.
99) 9) dialog: Faia, why don’t you step in here and help the girl? Faia comes into frame --
99) 12) dialog: Happy nineteenth birthday, Senshi.
99) 14) dialog: I have to go. Cypher taps the smart fabric in his hands. It turns off. tucks it away. All the Rangers in the ship stand. They st on their gear. They look to their leader. The back of the ship begins to open. Cypher stares at it it opens.
99) 15) dialog: Rangers! In formation! Move!
101) 0) text: Cypher pulls out of his reverie, still recovering from hi efforts. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 81. He IGNORES his own condition, checking his SON’S SITUATIO He sees the GEOTHERMAL SURROUNDS. Sees his SON’S VITALS SCROLLING.
101) 1) dialog: Make sure you have everything. Take your next inhaler. Your oxygen extraction is bottoming.
102) 0) text: Kitai opens the med-kit. Kitai’s face changes. We see of five remaining vials, TWO HAVE BEEN BROKEN. Kitai quickly closes the case, hiding the contents from Cypher's view. Kitai’s face blanches at the realization. doesn’t have enough breathing fluid. Kitai is devastated.
102) 1) dialog: Use the next dose of breathing fluid.
103) 0) text: Cypher looks at his son. The general radiates stillness.
103) 1) dialog: Okay. And he continues to stoically watch Kitai.
105) 0) text: Still Cypher says nothing. Just waiting. He watches stoic as Kitai’s struggles amplify. His coughing more brutal. T impossibility of life on earth without oxygen supplementa again becomes vividly clear. The medical computer compounds things -- telling Cypher: “ARTERIAL SHUNT 70% EFFECTIVE.” Cypher’s pallor is grey. He quickly realizes the SHUNT IS SLIPPING on the ragged e He sees FRESH BLOOD running down to the floor. * THE MEDICAL COMPUTER is telling him to COMMENCE TRANSFUSI Cypher needs FOUR UNITS OF O POSITIVE. * But all he cares about, all he can hear, is Kitai’s cough More brutal, now. The impossibility of life on earth with oxygen supplementation again becomes vividly clear. * Kitai’s face contorts with pain on the holographic screen
106) 0) text: Three year-old Kitai marches around in pj’s and his fathe huge boots, struggling to hold Cypher’s cutlass.
106) 1) dialog: Those lines are tight, son. Kitai beams with pride. Faia’s “CAPTURING” the home movie-- Kitai safe in his pj' hugs his father.
106) 3) dialog: And now it’s time for one junior officer to head off to bed.
106) 5) dialog: That’s a direct order from a superior officer, son. leans down and talks seriously to his son.
106) 6) dialog: We never disobey an order. Not at home, not when deployed.
106) 8) dialog: And give your mother a kiss, tell her you love her. Cypher looks over at Faia.
106) 9) dialog: One day I’m just going to be ‘Kitai’s dad.’ Cypher 81B.
107) 2) dialog: Count off remaining so you can keep track. Over. Kitai takes a long pause. His face flushed with shame.
109) 0) text: Cypher rouses from semi-consciousness. Cypher may not be if he himself is awake or in the past.
109) 2) dialog: I’m here. SitRep?
109) 4) dialog: I was at the original Nova Sea of Serenity, The Settlements. Everyone had gotten off safely. I was just out walking, I was taking a walk -- something you are never supposed to do -- and you know there’s those Novian centipedes... One dropped on my neck. I... I don’t like centipedes. At all. It startled me. Right at that moment an Ursa de- camo’s not more than five feet away. Looked like the canyon wall, if the canyon wall suddenly grabbed you and jumped really high in the air, I mean it was just Daydream. Centipede. Air. Then we’re in the river, we're rolling over and over underwater as it tries to crush me. Finally settling on the bottom. (beat) We don’t know much about Ursa at this point. Does it breathe oxygen? Can it swim? It’s on top of me and I can’t move. And everything just slows down. I see sunlight coming down through the water and I see my blood bubbling up. And I think that’s really pretty. And I think of Faia. She was pregnant with you, and close, too. Half-moon’s cycle away, maybe 23 days. She was so beautiful. (beat) And suddenly I knew one thing with perfect clarity and it obliterated all other thoughts: there was no way I was gonna die before I’d met my son, before I met you. (beat) And I realize it’s let go of me. And more than that I can tell it can’t find me. (MORE )
109) 7) dialog: It doesn’t even know where to look... See, I think we’re all just telling ourselves a story. And mine changed.
111) 2) dialog: Fourteen kilometers from the falls. That’s our halfway checkpoint. Over.
112) 0) text: The lake of blood around Cypher is quickly becoming a cri sea. ON THE HOLOGRAPHIC SCREEN: ARTERIAL SHUNT - 58%... TRANSFUSION CRITICAL. 7 UNITS NEEDED. Cypher TURNS OFF the screen with no emotion, ignoring the pain, ignoring the lake of blood around him. Turning agai his son’s POV.
113) 1) dialog: Seven kilometers from the falls.
115) 0) text: Cypher reads the hideous sights.
115) 1) dialog: Double-time it. We need to make it to the falls. Hurry!
117) 0) text: Cypher frantically checks his instruments.
117) 1) dialog: Volcanic eruption. Twenty kilometers east. There are volcanoes all over the planet now. You'‘re fine. Keep moving.
119) 0) text: Cypher focuses intently on the screen.
121) 0) text: Cypher holds his breath as Kitai climbs. He can tell how tired Kitai is, his breathing heavy.
121) 2) dialog: Negative.
122) 3) dialog: You're close. Keep hustling. Kitai climbs faster, digging further into energy reserves
123) 6) dialog: Inventory your remaining. Kitai slowly begins unloading his gear.
123) 9) dialog: Why aren’t you showing me the case? -Let me see it.
123) 11) dialog: Let me see the breathing fluid case. Over.
123) 13) dialog: Cadet, let me see the case. Beat. Kitai holds the case up. TWO VIALS REMAIN. SILENCE. Kitai waits for Cypher's response.
123) 15) dialog: You're going to have to come back to the ship.
123) 17) dialog: You lied to me!
123) 19) dialog: I told you to stop thinking! You’ve reached abort criteria. You need a minimum of three inhalers to make it to the tail. You've exhausted your resources. Abort mission. Kitai hangs his head. He looks out at The Falls.
123) 21) dialog: Come back to the ship, Cadet.
124) 0) text: Cypher is seriously weakened, but he fights upright.
124) 2) dialog: An error in strategy on my part. I take full responsibility. Now, I gave you a direct order.
125) 2) dialog: Take a knee, Cadet. His pacing takes him closer to the edge.
125) 4) dialog: Take a knee, Cadet! Kitai has gotten right up to the edge of the falls. The m the birds, the incredible ROAR of the water far, far belo
125) 6) dialog: Nothing, you did the right thing. Now come back. Kitai whirling, yelling at his father, the heavens --
125) 9) dialog: Cadet --
126) 0) text: And we see the House of Cypher split in two. In his delir the two sides of his nature are in stark battle.
126) 9) dialog: (softly) Yes. What Kitai has dreaded most, this truth.
126) 10) dialog: 
126) 12) dialog: 
128) 0) text: A sledgehammer blow back at Cypher. From his own son. No one’s ever said THAT out loud to him, the thing he was thinking, but could never say, his own great guilt and sh and he’s reeling and we’re slowly PUSHING on him as...
128) 3) dialog: (almost to himself) * My oath... * And suddenly it all just goes out of him and he’s spent -
128) 4) dialog: Come back to the ship. I’m sorry. * Nothing from Kitai. * AFTER EARTH Revised Yellow 2/24/12 93.
129) 1) dialog: I gave you an order, Cadet.
129) 3) dialog: Kitai... NO --!! FOR A MOMENT - SUBLIME PEACE. Arms outstretched, body floating in the air--
130) 0) text: Cypher sees something that we do not. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 94. 148 149 150 151
130) 1) dialog: 
134) 4) text: Cypher tries to get out of his seat. CYPHER SCREAMS AND I FORCED BACK DOWN. He winces through his terror and agony stares at the screen.
141) 0) text: Cypher, in pain and physical exhaustion, driven only by concern for his son, works ALL OF THE PROBE CAMERAS SIMULTANEOUSLY. Images BLASTING AT HIM.
141) 1) dialog: Come on. Where are you? ALL MANNER OF EARTH TERRAIN, SCANNED IN BLINKS OF AN EYE.
145) 0) text: Delirious, Cypher searches for Kitai. Rapidly scrolling P IMAGES. Nothing. Nothing. Cypher wants nothing but to fin his son. PROBE after PROBE is empty. He thinks he sees hi a screen. NO. An apparition in his mind. He’s lost his so LOST HIM. And he breaks. Just breaks from the weight of i Both of his children sacrificed to the Raige altar. And h hears the voice of the GENERAL seemingly behind him --
145) 4) dialog: Come on, come on! Where are you? Cypher slowly hits the cockpit recorder. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 101.
145) 5) dialog: General Cypher Raige. The mission with Cadet Kitai Raige was a failure. Beat. Cypher looks down. When he looks up he is no longer General.
145) 6) dialog: This is a message for my wife. Faia, it’s Cypher. Our son’s alive out there. I can’t find him. (beat) I don’t know what to do. Cypher’s eyes, the eyes of a father, begin to fill with tears.
163) 0) text: Cypher is slumped in his chair. His skin is gray. He move his head in delirium. His eyes are half-closed. * SLOWLY REVEAL a MASSIVE AMOUNT OF BLOOD LOSS. All around We see on the MED-SCREEN THAT ALL OF CYPHER’S BLOOD LEVEL
165) 0) text: Cypher writhes in his chair. Sweat and blood and delirium THEN A RHYTHMIC BEEPING FILLS THE SHIP. Cypher stares at screen with Kitai’s vitals on it. THE LINES ARE MOVING. H SON’S HEARTBEAT IN RHYTHMIC PEAKS AND VALLEYS.
167) 0) text: BEAT. Cypher just gazes at the monitor. Cypher looks arou to make sure he is not hallucinating. He looks back at th screen. Kitai is still there. Beat. Cypher clears his thr
167) 1) dialog: -Are... (beat) Are you okay? Over.
167) 3) dialog: (confused) Kitai...
167) 5) dialog: I’m here!
167) 7) dialog: I copy.
167) 9) dialog: There’s something wrong with the signal, Kitai.
167) 12) dialog: (emotional) Kitai! I swear to you I’m here! Kitai looks down, desperation washing over him.
170) 0) text: Cypher’s face as he realizes the beacon isn’t working.
170) 3) dialog: (whispers) ..-Take a knee, Cadet.
172) 0) text: Cypher sees his son kneeling on one knee and nods to hims
174) 0) text: Cypher gets emotional staring at his son. AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 114. 194
174) 1) dialog: ...-There is an ionic layer in the atmosphere above your current position. It creates electrical interference. That’s why the beacon isn’t firing. (beat) You must be above the ionic layer before you fire the beacon, Kitai. Beat. We watch Kitai on the monitor look at the beacon in hand. He stares at it, then looks up at the cloud layer a him.
174) 2) dialog: ..-That’s it. You got it. (beat) You should see a black mountain in the distance, directly to the north. The mountain’s peak is above the ionic layer. Fire the emergency beacon there. (beat) Please see it... the top of the mountain... to your north. Kitai looks around. He stops when he sees the mountain in distance. He stands. Cypher wipes the tears from his eyes.
174) 3) dialog: Good boy... Good boy...
177) 0) text: Cypher continues speaking futilely to his son.
177) 1) dialog: It left them for you. It’s built to scare humans, Kitai. Keep moving. There’s nothing on the monitors...
179) 0) text: Cypher watches from the prison of his chair. He watches a Kitai navigates the tiny lava tributaries.
179) 1) dialog: Go left Kitai. You’1l save time. You'll have a straight shot without having to go through any tunnels. He watches as Kitai goes right instead.
179) 2) dialog: Damn it.
181) 2) dialog: I have something moving toward you from the west... It’s found you.
183) 0) text: Cypher watches THE DOT OF THE URSA get closer TO THE BLIN DOT OF KITAI.
183) 1) dialog: Copy. I’m here. Cypher looks at his son’s vitals fluctuating. He stares a Kitai’s view of the cave. THE DOT GETS CLOSER AND CLOSER KITAI. This is a father’s nightmare. Cypher activates two “GHOST DIAMONDS,” his and his son’s. Cypher’s “BALL” is inside the diamond. Kitai’s IS NOT. AFTER EARTH Revised Buff 4/10/12 117. 203 204 He watches as Kitai moves hurriedly into the TUNNEL.
185) 0) text: THE DOT representing the URSA has almost reached Kitai. SUDDENLY: CYPHER’S IMAGES FLICKER, FLUTTER THEN: BLACK. Kitai’s GHOST DIAMOND disappears.
185) 1) dialog: (whispered) Kitai...
190) 0) text: Cypher eyes are crazed. He holds a SILVER ROUND OBJECT IN HANDS. The computers are making a warning sound. On one o the holographic screens are the words... “Remote detonati armed.” He holds the futuristic grenade in his hands. His thumb over the detonation button. THE SOUNDS OF BEEPING FILL THE SHIP. Cypher’s eyes move t his screens as Kitai’s vitals pop back on line. His “FEAR DIAMOND” SCREAMING. The screen of KITAI’S POINT OF VIEW BLOOMS. WE SEE THE MOUNTAINTOP. Cypher tries to focus on what he’s seeing.
192) 0) text: Cypher stares at the POINT OF VIEW OF THE MOUNTAINSIDE. H STARES INTENSELY AT HIS SON’S POINT OF VIEW.
192) 1) dialog: (soft) When you die, I die. Cypher flicks back the clear cover over the button on the detonation device in his hands. 211 AFTER EARTH Revised Buff 4/10/12 122. 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 The computer reads, “Safety off.” THE WARNING SOUND GETS LOUDER...
193) 12) dialog: No way... not before I’d met my son.
194) 0) text: Cypher hears HIS SON’S BREATHING SLOWING. He watches KITA VITALS BEGIN TO STEADY. KITAI’S GHOST DIAMOND STEADIES, THE “FEAR” RECEDING INTO
196) 0) text: Cypher takes in everything he’s seeing.
196) 1) dialog: (an incantation) There is, one knows not what sweet mystery about this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath. (beat) You are not alone. Cypher’s own diamond moves to center. He lowers the detonation device in his hand.
198) 0) text: Cypher stares at his son’s vitals. HE WATCHES ALL THE MEASUREMENTS MOVE TO AN EVEN BASELINE. Cypher’s eyes fill with emotion and tears. He turns off the detonation device...
200) 0) text: Cypher is staring at Kitai’s point-of-view monitor. THE
207) 0) text: Cypher is being carried on a transport stretcher through portable tunnel that has been attached to the crashed con section of the ship. They move through the portable tunne into another ship.
208) 2) dialog: (to the medics) ...Stand me up. Cypher’s legs are in braces. The medics look at Cypher. 237 238 239 240 AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 129. 241 242
208) 4) dialog: I said, stand me up! Cypher starts to sit up. The medics quickly rush to him. help him swing the braces to the ground. They carry him u each arm as he rises off the medical cot. His bandaged fe touching the floor of the ship is painful to watch. The medics bear as much of Cypher’s weight as they can. Cypher straightens up and stares at his son. Cypher bring his hand up and salutes his son. Father and son stare deeply. Kitai salutes back. Profound connection rages between them. Kitai approaches and gentl hugs his father. Kitai whispers in his ear.
208) 6) dialog: Yes.