22) 3) dialog: Nav-Com has us arriving at Iphitos in twenty-two hours. The cabin lights all DIM. Kitai wants to talk more, but Cypher cuts it off--
29) 0) text: Cypher enters. The PILOT and his NAVIGATOR at the control become formal and tense.
29) 1) dialog: Good evening, General. (Respectfully) Care to take the controls? Feel her out? Cypher smiles cordially.
29) 5) dialog: We're plotted well around those storms, sir. Nothing to worry about.
29) 7) dialog: Category-4 asteroid formation, two thousand KM to starboard at plus- four-five declination. Bearing one- two-seven mark four.
29) 13) dialog: Sir, if I may, mass expansion is one in a million.
31) 2) dialog: Just out of interest, sir... how often are you wrong?
31) 5) dialog: Well, sir, there's a first time-
33) 0) text: Cypher grabs an overhead handhold to stay on his feet as Pilot wrestles with the control yoke.
33) 5) dialog: She's a dead stick! Engines One and Two are offline! We're losing her! Cypher. Calm. Certain. Stern. This is why he's the GENERA
33) 7) dialog: Where? 53 54 AFTER EARTH Revised Blue (on White) 1/20/12 38.
37) 0) text: The crew celebrates their safe arrival. The Pilot wrestle with the controls as the Navigator scans fluctuating readouts. The Navigator searches frantically on a HOLOGRA STAR MAP.
37) 2) dialog: (xe: Control stick) I still got nothing here!
39) 1) dialog: Find me something I can land on. The Navigator continues to work furiously... pulling up a BLUE-GREEN PLANET on the holographic imager.
41) 0) text: Cypher doesn't seem to notice. His eyes stare at the buoy passing by their window. Cypher unbuckles and reaches to console past the frantic Pilots and hits a button on the panel. Every speaker in the control section fills with...
41) 5) dialog: Negative, sir! (beat) We either land there or we break apart out here. BEAT. Then Cypher turns back toward the main cabin.
41) 7) dialog: Mayday, Mayday, this is Hesper-Two- Niner-Niner heavy in distress! We took heavy damage from an asteroid storm and are going down with bingo power! Request immediate rescue, repeat, request immediate rescue! The radio gives up nothing but static in response.
49) 0) text: Cypher sits in front of the PILOTS’ CONTROL CENTER, occup the space where the Navigator once sat. The cargo loader as an adjustable gurney. Cypher's hand moves to the contr on the chair. He slowly raises his upper body and sits himself upright, propping his left leg on the console bes him. Cypher places his palm on a terminal to activate the cockpit computers. The initial burst of POWER gives Cyphe some hope. A hologram flashes --