25) 1) dialog: Can you read? Kitai just looks at him, frozen.
25) 2) dialog: I said, can you read?
25) 4) dialog: There's a sign back there - “Authorized Personnel Only" - why didn't you read that?
25) 7) dialog: You're Raige's kid? Kitai sticks his chest out to look tougher. Kitai glances toward the organic-looking pod. Beat.
25) 9) dialog: You wanna see?
27) 2) dialog: This is one of three we caught. We * keep all three on Iphitos, away from the civilian population. This * one we call Viper. This one’s the * biggest and meanest. * (beat) You want to see if you can ghost? Some of the other Rangers look up with interest.
27) 3) dialog: The pod is bio-structural organic armor. She’s strapped and suspended in a gel inside there. You don’t need to worry, she ain’t getting * out. * The Chief nods to the hardened organic pod. Kitai eyes th pod with fascination and fear.
27) 4) dialog: All you need to do is step over that red line around the pod. The gel doesn’t allow smells at certain distances, but at that distance it can smell you. Kitai eyes the pedestrian red line around the crate.
27) 8) dialog: ...-Ladies and gentlemen, the son of the 0.G. is going to try to ghost. Place your bets. We see Rangers exchange money in the corner. Kitai makes his way around to the rear of the organic pod the shell-like exterior of the pod there are holes so one see the gel inside. The gel appears to be EMPTY. Kitai st just outside the red line around the pod.
27) 10) dialog: Active camouflage. Photosensitive skin cells change color and texture to match its surroundings. It un- camouflages so it can frighten you. So you release more pheromones - they’re crafty bastards. Kitai moves cautiously closer... and closer to the red li
27) 11) dialog: Ghosting is when you don’t have a trace of fear in you. Good luck doing that. McQuarrie, tell him what it says in the manual.
27) 16) dialog: (sardonic) -You get all that, Cadet? (beat) Your dad wrote that helpful tidbit. Kitai steps defiantly over the line.
27) 17) dialog: (whispering) Try to control your breathing. Your blood is filling with adrenaline right now, whether you know it or not. Your heart’s beating faster. The pores on your skin are opening up and secreting pheromones into the air, an imperceptible amount * seeping into the molecular * structure of the gel. Kitai stands inches from the crate. His eyes wide. THERE IS SILENCE. The Rangers look at each other, surpris that nothing is happening. Does the creature not sense hi
27) 24) dialog: He sees you, kid. The Rangers instantaneously snap to their feet - their cutlasses at attention at their sides when they see CYPHE standing in the doorway.
27) 26) dialog: Secure all cargo. The Rangers snap to READY POSITION and begin locking down anything that could move.