0) 1) dialog: Some things, once you've loved them, become yours forever. The body BREAKS the surface and we see the face of its ow ---- DAVID KAMMERER, 33, bearded, handsome. He is clothed white shirt, khakis. Dead.
0) 2) dialog: And if you try to let them go... Suddenly, a breath: he comes back to life. David floats back to LUCIEN CARR, 20, (blonde, beautiful, shirtless and terrified), waist deep in the water. The scene is playing in REVERSE MOTION.
0) 3) dialog: They only circle back and return to you. David's body LIFTS into the young man's arms. We see Davi feet and hands are TIED together with shoelaces. Stones r back into his pockets.
0) 4) dialog: They become part of who you are... A stain of blood on David's chest shrinks, vanishes. David's eyes OPEN.
1) 4) dialog: Then tell the truth, Lu.
3) 3) dialog: Fine. Anything for me?
3) 6) dialog: No. Suddenly, from upstairs, the sound of glass shattering. T a woman whimpering in pain. Allen, worried, looks off, dr in his face. His father just sighs.
4) 0) text: Allen runs into a dark room, flips on the light.
4) 1) dialog: Mom? His mother NAOMI (early 40's, Jewish, deep personality disorder) squats in the corner of the room, in a dirty bathrobe. Her knuckles are bleeding.
4) 3) dialog: Dad didn't do that. I nailed the windows. Because you're not right. Naomi, in the midst of a paranoid attack, puts her finger her mouth.
4) 5) dialog: You have to rest. Clear your head. Do you want to go back to Greystone?
4) 8) dialog: Then listen to me.
4) 10) dialog: Can he still hear me? A BRAHMS WALTZ plays.
5) 0) text: Overwhelmed, Allen shakes on the front stairs. She's not well. The faint sound of jazz, fun from someone else's ho from down the block. Louis comes out onto the porch, with open LETTER in hand from the mail pile. He's upset.
5) 3) dialog: I didn't want her to know. (beat) It was a dream anyway. Louis lights his own cigarette. Offers his son one. He declines.
5) 7) dialog: is what we give away.
5) 9) dialog: Give, is. Assonance.
5) 11) dialog: I got in.
5) 14) dialog: I got into Columbia University!
6) 0) text: First day of college. Allen crosses the grand Ivy League campus in awe. Before him, the staggering facade of the library like the Parthenon. A troop of Navy midshipmen pa by. Wartime is on.
7) 0) text: Allen sets his bag on his bed. He notices on one wall are patriotic posters, exercise posters. He's already got a roommate. He eyes a map of the New York City subway system. He can' believe he's really here in the big city. He walks over t it. Allen studies the map, his finger gliding down to Greenwi Village.
7) 3) dialog: Allen Ginsberg.
9) 0) text: Patrician, old-guard PROFESSOR STEEVES lectures on the fi day of class, Allen dutifully taking notes in his journal
9) 3) dialog: Professor Steeves, then how do you explain Whitman? No one interrupts Professor Steeves. Murmurs from around class. Steeves locks down his gaze on Allen.
9) 5) dialog: He hated rhyme and meter. The whole point was untucking your shirt. Professor Steeves smiles to himself. There's one of them every year.
9) 7) dialog: Allen Ginsberg.
9) 10) dialog: Because it's easier. The class titters. Professor Steeves hushes them.
10) 0) text: Luke, dressed in a suit, puts on cologne. He looks back a Allen who is copying from a tome of sonnets.
10) 2) dialog: I can't. You see how much I've got to do.
11) 0) text: Allen walks down a darkened hallway, the music leading hi forward. He reaches a door with a lit transom. He knocks. The unlocked door creaks open.
12) 1) dialog: Brahms? Allen walks inside. Lucien looks up, surprised.
12) 3) dialog: How come you're not at the social?
12) 5) dialog: You drink in your room?!
12) 7) dialog: I don't drink.
12) 9) dialog: Yes. Lucien hands him his glass.
12) 14) dialog: Never heard of it.
12) 19) dialog: Consonance. Reiteration of themes. Lucien, intrigued, circles in close.
12) 21) dialog: No. I'm not.
12) 27) dialog: What?!
12) 29) dialog: I'll be back.
13) 0) text: The Hall Monitor hands Allen the phone.
13) 1) dialog: Hello?
14) 2) dialog: Dad is not trying to get inside your head, okay? Put him on.
15) 0) text: Allen, confused. Up the hallway, a door locks.
15) 1) dialog: Where'd he go?
16) 2) dialog: Mom I can't come home. Listen, you have to look after yourself.
17) 0) text: Lucien passes Allen, putting on his coat, heading out to city.
17) 1) dialog: (whispered, to Lucien) You're going to the dance?
17) 4) dialog: No, he's not here with me. Lucien quickly waves goodbye to Allen, heads down the staircase. Allen, torn between his mother and this boy.
17) 5) dialog: (into the phone) Listen, I'll come as soon as I can.
19) 0) text: Lucien slides down the stairway rail. Allen watching him disappear.
19) 1) dialog: Yes. Ipromiseloveyoubye. Allen hangs up on his mother and races after Lucien.
20) 0) text: Allen, breathless, storms down a flight of stairs, catche to Lucien. Lucien turns, loving this. The puppy following new master.
21) 0) text: Lucien throws his jacket over Allen's shoulder and leads into the wild city around the corner.
22) 0) text: Allen, anxious, follows Lucien up a crowded staircase to West Village apartment. The sounds of a party spill out onto the landing and beyo It's pure bohemia here.
22) 3) dialog: Do you know her?!
23) 4) dialog: Sorry. Are you all right?
23) 7) dialog: What is that?
23) 9) dialog: Oh no, thanks. I don't do...the cannabis. Bill eyes Allen, skeptically.
23) 12) dialog: (whispered) Is he a criminal?
23) 14) dialog: He looks like a criminal.
23) 17) dialog: What's that?
24) 2) dialog: (whispered) Sounds like you.
24) 9) dialog: Allen. Bill walks in, knows what game his friend is playing.
25) 0) text: The party continuing at this underground speakeasy. Strai gay, young, old, a subterranean zoo. A jazz signer owns t room. Bill, David, and Allen at a table. David's moment alone w Allen.
25) 3) dialog: Why don't you like me?
25) 6) dialog: That's Ogden Nash!
25) 8) dialog: The best selling poet in the country.
25) 15) dialog: Two.
25) 18) dialog: (Five?) Lucien's passion building.
25) 20) dialog: And Professor Steeves---
25) 23) dialog: How did they come up "Dada"?
25) 29) dialog: What about Yeats? How about the "New Vision?"
26) 0) text: Drunk, Allen and Lucien stumble to the ground.
26) 2) dialog: Shit.
26) 4) dialog: No, my mother. This is bad. This is very bad.
26) 6) dialog: She's going to be furious.
26) 9) dialog: You don't understand. I have to.
26) 11) dialog: It's complicated. Lucien sees his friend scared. Moved, he links his arm wi Allen's.
27) 0) text: Allen and Lucien enter the house to find Louis standing nervously with a suitcase beside a DOCTOR.
27) 2) dialog: Dad, what's going on?
27) 4) dialog: (to his father) You can't do this to her. Naomi recognizes her son.
27) 6) dialog: I was out. With a friend.
27) 10) dialog: No, you're not leaving. Naomi points an accusing finger at Louis.
27) 12) dialog: Dad?!
27) 14) dialog: Your best.
27) 16) dialog: Get off! From deep within, Allen can see she is still there, and w can see she knows that it's too late.
28) 0) text: Louis lectures Allen. We close in on Allen's despondent face. The dutiful son's first failure.
29) 0) text: Allen escapes outside where Lucien is sitting, smoking. A sits beside him, notices: Lucien has been crying.
29) 1) dialog: Complicated enough?
29) 3) dialog: I've been thinking about what Yeats said. To be reborn, we have to die first. Allen hands him back the smoke. Lucien perks up.
30) 0) text: Candlelight flickers on Allen's face.
30) 1) dialog: I've spent my life making other people happy. We PULL BACK to see a noose around Allen's neck. A suicid underway.
30) 2) dialog: It's time I find happiness the only way I see possible.
30) 7) dialog: That's a run-on.
31) 0) text: The black crowd claps for the same jazz singer and band w saw earlier, now on their home turf. Allen, Lucien and Bi watch from a table.
31) 1) dialog: The New Vision declares--
32) 0) text: Lucien and Allen pace while Bill reclines on the sofa. Th riff on the The New Vision manifesto.
32) 1) dialog: Proclaims the death of morality. And...
32) 4) dialog: The true, uninhibited, uncensored expression of the self.
33) 0) text: Allen bopping his head to the new rhythms in this club - place where be-bop jazz is being born.
34) 0) text: Bill cracking open a Benzedrine canister and removing the soaking strip from inside. He drops it into three coffee cups. The boys knock it bac Lucien pushing Allen to finish the whole drink.
35) 0) text: Allen furiously typing up the manifesto at his school des
36) 0) text: Allen, Lucien pacing with increasing excitement.
36) 3) dialog: Paterson, New Jersey.
38) 0) text: ...a drummer takes a wild solo. Enraptured, Allen taps hi fingers to these new rhythms.
39) 0) text: Allen's fingers typing in these same rhythms. Beside, The Yorker advertising Ogden Nash's upcoming reading.
40) 0) text: Allen stopping Lucien in his tracks.
40) 1) dialog: Really?
40) 3) dialog: You are an extraordinary man. Lucien beams.
41) 0) text: Bill at David's bookcase, removing classic art and litera books and throwing them to Allen.
42) 0) text: Time suddenly slows. The music tapers, the hands of the drummer taper down to a still. Allen looks around, scared confused. What is happening? A spotlight cuts through the room, capturing the singer's sweaty ecstasy, the bassist's fingers mid-plucking. The r freezes. Unlit cigarette dangling from his lip, Allen turns to Bil
43) 0) text: Allen, the nitrous oxide mask over his face inhaling from tank of gas. He has been adrift in a hallucination. Lucien presses Allen's hand back and forth, both unharmed
44) 0) text: Allen splashes water on his face. In the mirror, he sees David and Lucien in the bedroom. David hands Lucien a TERM PAPER.
46) 0) text: Allen, caught, looks down, pretends he heard nothing. But it's too late. David walks over and SLAMS the door in All face.
47) 5) dialog: There's more life in those five pages than in the dozens of bad sonnets we've read in class. Steeves cocks his eye, stares down Allen. The first time Allen has defied anyone. Ever.
48) 0) text: A rainstorm beating against the windows. Allen paces as a drunk Lucien knocks off a bottle of wine and reads from Allen's journal.
48) 2) dialog: Keep going. That's my sonnet for Steeves. Lucien flips through the journal, closes it, disappointed
48) 5) dialog: Show me your fucking map.
48) 7) dialog: Oh right, you don't have anything because David's not here to write it for you! Lucien stands up, drunk. Furious.
48) 9) dialog: I love complicated. Lucien steadies himself. Furious.
48) 11) dialog: A fruit?
48) 13) dialog: Then let's get rid of him. Lucien softens, leans against Allen. Passing out from the liquor.
49) 0) text: Allen at his typewriter. A blank page. Inspired to write something beautiful. We see flashes of the past, snippets of Lucien: their contact, Lucien's smile. Allen searching through their pa All playing in reverse.
50) 0) text: Bill with NORMAN (30s, shady, real criminal) and Allen in dim, bookshelf-lined lair. Bill gives the secret nod to Norman.
51) 0) text: Allen pops two. Waits for it.
52) 0) text: The pace of everything has DOUBLED. Allen, sweating at his typewriter, jubilant, tapping his with the music, typing furiously at the keys. Whatever th drug is, it's working.
54) 0) text: Allen jerking-off at his desk. Allen racing around his room, burning off energy. The memories are now flooding in. David at his party...
55) 0) text: Luke enters, turns on the light. His jaw-drops: Allen is on his bed, running in place like mad-man.
55) 2) dialog: Writing!
56) 0) text: Bill, a thoughtful eye on young Allen.
57) 0) text: Allen's got it. He rips the pages from the typewriter.
58) 0) text: Lucien's door slams open. A sleepless Allen, hair on end, storms into the room, fresh pages in hand.
58) 1) dialog: Lu! It's very rough but... David sits at Lucien's desk, writing. Allen stops short. David spies the pages in Allen's hand.
58) 3) dialog: Where's Lu?
58) 6) dialog: You're not allowed to be here.
58) 8) dialog: Not anymore. A stand-off. David collects his jacket, approaches.
59) 0) text: 3:00 AM. Allen snoring. Then the sound of the door creaki open. Allen wakes up to see Lucien entering.
59) 2) dialog: Where have you been?! Lucien starts getting undressed.
59) 4) dialog: You mean Jack? Lucien fumbles.
59) 6) dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
59) 9) dialog: Nothing. Lucien gets into bed.
59) 11) dialog: Why is Jack a real writer?
60) 0) text: Handsome JACK KEROUAC (mid-20's, athletic, infamous jaw) palms a football, fakes a pass to Allen. Allen, on the co with a stack of pages, shakes his head.
60) 1) dialog: No. Lucien drinks wine beside. Jack ignores Allen, wings the pigskin right at him. Allen ducks. The ball SLAMS into a painting on the wall. It crashes onto Allen's head.
60) 10) dialog: It's missing some periods and commas.
60) 12) dialog: I use periods and commas.
61) 0) text: Lucien drinks from a wine bottle as the three boys stroll Allen trails behind.
61) 2) dialog: Not exactly. It's...
61) 5) dialog: (sarcastic) Then why don't you just ship out again?
62) 2) dialog: Yeah.
62) 6) dialog: Allen.
62) 10) dialog: Fuck you. What does that even mean?!
62) 12) dialog: Fuck your one million words.
62) 14) dialog: You don't know me.
62) 16) dialog: Be careful. You are not in wonderland I have heard the strange madness long growing in your soul. But you are fortunate. Lucien listens anew, realizing this poem is about him.
62) 17) dialog: In your ignorance In your isolation, you who have suffered Find where love hides. Give. Share. Lose. Lest we die unbloomed. Just the sound of the water. Completely vulnerable, Allen sits back down.
62) 21) dialog: You asked me to. Remember? Lucien lights up. He comes forward, gathers his friends close: gawky, emotional Allen. Blustery, sensitive Jack.
62) 23) dialog: You don't speak French.
63) 0) text: Allen, nervous waits outside. Lucien already inside getti reprimanded by the Dean. Allen can hear the conversation through the door. He leans in closer.
64) 0) text: Lucien in a leather-backed chair. The DEAN (40's, sardoni overlooks Lucien's record. Lucien's mother, MARION CARR, fallen matriarch, smokes with dispassion.
65) 0) text: Allen sits back as he hears someone approaching. Louis Ginsberg rounds the corner with an unfamiliar woman
65) 2) dialog: Who's she? The woman, EDITH (early 30s, Jewish, shy), waves nervousl
65) 4) dialog: What's she doing here?
65) 6) dialog: (smirks) So that's why you locked mom up. Louis SLAPS his son. Lucien storms out of the Dean's office, followed by Mario putting on her fur coat. Marion inspects her son's new accomplice then races after her son. Louis motions to Luc
65) 8) dialog: No. I stole the boat. And it was tremendous.
66) 0) text: In the quiet, Lucien smokes and stares up -- he looks ravaged. A suitcase beside him. Allen approaches, surprised.
66) 1) dialog: Where are you going?
66) 4) dialog: You're dropping out?
66) 6) dialog: My father shows up yesterday with some new woman. And in the middle of the Allen's-a-screw-up monologue, all of a sudden, I realize: I don't care. I've never not cared. So, I told them it was my idea. To steal the boat.
66) 8) dialog: Because I don't want to be the person they think I am. I'm on academic probation. I could be kicked out. You can't leave. You started something and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do next. Lucien, moved.
66) 9) dialog: It's our turn. Let's show them what we can do. At the thought of payback, Lucien awakens. Allen grins.
66) 10) dialog: You in?
67) 8) dialog: I'll go.
68) 0) text: Allen walks up to the desk.
68) 1) dialog: Hi. Gwendolyn looks up. Allen is smiling nervously.
68) 2) dialog: I wondered if you could help me.
68) 5) dialog: I'm looking for a book.
68) 7) dialog: It's called The Day Amanda Came.
68) 9) text: Well, you'll have to wait. I can't leave the desk. Allen turns back to Lucien who nods, eggs him on.
68) 10) dialog: But...I really need it. Gwendolyn looks around.
69) 0) text: CLOSE UP: THE KEYS in Gwendolyn's hand as Allen and Gwend walk through the stacks.
69) 1) dialog: Working here must be a drag.
69) 3) dialog: How strict?
69) 5) text: For example, they'd never let me do this. Gwendolyn LIFTS her sweater. Bares her brassiere. ALLEN
70) 1) text: Go! Lucien races into the stacks after Allen.
71) 1) text: Did you know I've never done it with someone who was Jewish before? I really want to know what it looks like. Gwendolyn paws the front of Allen's pants, undoes his bel Uncomfortable, Allen stops her. She pulls away, pulls down her sweater. The keys jangling her hand. GWENDOLYN
71) 2) text: I'm sorry, I thought you were saying something but not saying it. Should we find your book? THROUGH A GAP IN THE STACKS: Allen sees Lucien, pointing the KEYS in her grip. Realizing what he has to do. ALLEN
73) 0) text: Allen takes off her sweater. Gwendolyn, just in a bra. Th is as close as Allen has ever come to sex. He's breathles GWENDOLYN
73) 2) text: You're kind of a virgin, though, huh? ALLEN
73) 4) text: Liar. If you have done it before, you'll last for thirty seconds. Start counting. She opens his fly, then lowers herself down. Allen tries stop her, but it's too late. He sighs. ALLEN
73) 11) text: I bet you don't even read. Gwendolyn walks off. Allen lifts his pants, ties his belt
73) 12) dialog: I do.
75) 0) text: The light from the boys' flashlights SLICES through the d as they enter into the library through a heavy door. Bill reaches into Jack's mouth and takes the chewing gum inside it. Jack shoots a glare at him - what the hell? Bill presses the sticky gum into the strike plate of the -- blocking the door from being able to close shut. The boys look at each other, give each other the silent n then split -- Lucien and Jack sneak off to the main hall, Bill and Allen up to the stacks. Behind them, the chewing gum slips, falls from the strike plate. The door shuts. And LOCKS.
76) 0) text: Outside a gated "RESTRICTED ACCESS" room, Bill grabs the padded LOCK and fits in his molded KEY. Allen watches as turns it... The lock CLICKS open.
79) 0) text: Bill throws open the metal gate between them and the restricted books inside. An ALARM explodes into the quiet. Bill and Allen look at each other: this was unexpected.
82) 0) text: Bill rushes past the gate, shines his flashlight searchin the books until he finds a box marked RESTRICTED CONTENT. He empties it, tossing the books to Allen. We've seen thi move before.
83) 0) text: Allen, carrying the restricted books, runs up to Jack and Lucien at the vitrines which are now wide open and empty. JACK
83) 1) text: (whispered) What just happened? Jack and Lucien grab the books from Allen and start to se them in the cases. The alarm suddenly STOPS. SECURITY GUARD (O.S.)
84) 0) text: Allen, Jack and Bill reach the closed door. They can't op it. JACK
84) 1) text: What the hell, Bill? It's locked! No way out. Allen turns, notices Lucien is missing.
86) 0) text: Bill, Jack and Allen slide along the wall of card catalog back to the main hall looking for another exit. Through the arch leading inside, they can see the guards canvasing the room with flashlights. SECURITY GUARD
86) 2) text: Come on out! Across the room, Bill spots TWO GLASS DOORS leading out t balcony. He points at the doors. Jack WHIPS his flashlight in a tremendous arc to another room. It clatters noisily, a distraction. It works. The guards CHASE after the noise. Jack, Bill, Allen BOLT to the glass doors. They throw the wide open. Allen is about to leave, but stops Jack. ALLEN
86) 3) text: Wait. Lucien. Allen turns and sees Lucien, still furiously working, boo under his arm. Jack shakes his head, follows Bill and races out the door Alone, Allen RUNS back to Lucien who is madly placing the books in the vitrines. He is a man possessed. ALLEN
86) 5) text: (deadly serious) No. Not yet, we have to finish. A FLASHLIGHT finds them. Allen and Lucien, caught. The gu pull out BILLY CLUBS. SECURITY GUARD
86) 6) text: Don't move. It's over. The guards GRAB Lucien. Drag him by the collar. But Allen flees, breaks free. Lucien struggles, enraged. LUCIEN
86) 7) text: Get off of me! Allen! Help!
87) 0) text: Allen stops, terrified. He sees: a console of switches on wall. Desperate, he reaches for them. Flips them all on.
88) 0) text: All the lights in the whole library come on at once. A BLINDING flash. The guards squint and look for Allen.
89) 0) text: Allen THROWS down all the switches.
90) 0) text: The room PLUNGES into complete darkness. Lucien realizes: this is his moment. He wriggles out of his coat and RUNS. Allen JOINS him and two, reunited, run around the corner. The guards give chase.
91) 0) text: Allen and Lucien race into the vestibule between the door leading out to the city -- and the doors back into the library. Lucien presses against the exit doors: they're locked. The GUARDS turn the corner, see the boys stuck between th two sets of doors. Allen blocks the library doors with his shoulder. The gua POUND on the door. A SOUND from outside: the padlock unlocking. Suddenly: th exit door opens. It's Jack and Bill, with lock-picking ge in hand. They YANK Allen and Lucien out.
95) 1) text: To literacy. Allen, Bill, Jack and Lucien throw back their drinks in celebration. The Mills Brothers "You Always Hurt The One You Love" on jukebox plays over this lazy, drunken afternoon. Allen's eyes scan the wall above them, Columbia's "Hall o Fame": newspaper headlines, yearbook photos... ALLEN
95) 6) text: Have no fear. You never will. Suddenly, David appears in the bar. The group looks at ea other, mystified. ALLEN
95) 13) text: You've had plenty of time to celebrate. Your library hijink made the morning paper. I'm sure you're all very proud. Allen, Jack and Bill glance at each other suspiciously, t at David. ALLEN
95) 15) text: Did he use that "Bastille" line? Cause I gave it to him. Allen, Jack and Bill look at Lucien, shocked. LUCIEN
95) 17) text: You left this at my place. ALLEN
95) 22) text: Stop, Lu. You're losing control again. You know what comes next. I know what comes next. ALLEN
95) 33) text: You'd be dead if it weren't for me! Lucien totally dead cold. Allen, unsure what David is tal about. David turns and rushes outside and Bill follows hi Alone with Allen and Jack, Lucien suddenly smiles as if nothing just happened, puts his arm around Allen. LUCIEN
96) 1) text: And...go! Jack crouched inside an empty barrel. Trashed, Lucien kic the barrel down a grassy slope. Allen and Lucien cheer Jack on as the barrel bangs down t slope. But then it swerves, SLAMS into a bench. At the to the slope, Lucien and Allen look on in shock. LUCIEN
96) 2) text: Jack? Jack? (no response) He broke his fucking neck. The warrior poet has passed on. Jack staggers from out of the barrel. Throws his hands in air victoriously. Allen and Lucien cheer him on. ALLEN
96) 4) text: Excellent! Judges award a... Allen holds up nine fingers. ALLEN
96) 7) text: All right Ginsy, your turn. Drunk, Allen tries to stand up. But then falls right back down. Lucien laughs, tucks his body next to Allen's. LUCIEN
96) 8) text: This is just the beginning, you know. Lucien lays his head against Allen's shoulder. LUCIEN
96) 9) text: Your fault, Ginsy. It's all your fault. Lucien's thigh brushes against Allen's. Allen stares at Lucien, in the full glare of Lucien's war Allen looks around. The park is empty. Building up the courage. ALLEN
96) 10) text: First thought, best thought. He grazes his hand against Lucien's inner thigh. Lucien l down at Allen's hand curiously, then back at Allen. The decisive moment. Allen leans over. Kisses him. It bui in passion. Lucien pulls back, unsure. Then returns the kiss. It buil in passion. Everything Allen had hoped for, lensed into a moment. JACK (O.S.)
96) 11) text: I think I just puked on the inside. Lucien opens his eyes to notice Jack stumbling up the slo He tenses, pulls away from Allen. The moment has been shattered. As if nothing just happened, Lucien stands and looks at J with his usual devilish smile. LUCIEN
96) 14) text: Wait, Al, you coming? Lucien glares at Allen. LUCIEN
96) 15) text: No. Allen's got work to do. Ten pages on Spengler's Decline of the West. Due tomorrow. ALLEN
96) 17) text: I'd be lost without you, Ginsy. (to Jack) Come on, Lion. The two of them leave. Allen, abandoned and broken, puts head in his hands. ALLEN
103) 0) text: Allen sits at a table at the library he just broke into a robbed. But now he's just another student sitting at a st desk. He puts in a blank page in the typewriter before him and types: "On The Decline of the West. By..." He hesitates, breaking down in tears. Then finishes typing: "Lucien Carr."
104) 0) text: Lucien, in a Merchant Marine uniform, packs his clothes i a sailor's duffel bag. Allen enters, type-written pages i hand. ALLEN
104) 1) text: Your paper and my apology. Allen hands Lucien the paper he wrote for him. But Lucien doesn't take it. Allen registers that he's packing. ALLEN
104) 3) text: Sailing out. To Paris. Lucien grabs his BOY-SCOUT KNIFE. Puts it in his pocket. Allen is speechless.
104) 5) text: We've got to make a ship, probably as merchant seamen. Jack knows the tricks. ALLEN
104) 7) text: We both know why you can't come. Silence. Lucien continues his packing. Allen breaks down. ALLEN
104) 9) text: No, you got what you wanted. You were ordinary, just like every other freshman, and I made your life extraordinary. Go be you now, all by yourself. Leave me alone. Allen, now in tears, realizing the end is here. ALLEN
104) 11) text: (cold, deadened) Allen. Leave. Allen gathers himself, stumbles out the door. Leaving the friendship behind. Alone, Lucien cracks, breaking down as he closes his suitcase.
105) 0) text: Allen crosses through the courtyard, heading to class. He comes upon David, waiting for Lucien. Pale. Distraught. DAVID
105) 1) text: Allen, have you seen him? He's not in his room. They look almost the same.
105) 4) text: I did something wrong. Really wrong. And you have no reason to help me. But ALLEN
105) 6) text: I know who you are. We're the ones he needs, but never wants. It hurts, doesn't it? Allen burns, does not respond. David is right. DAVID
105) 7) text: All I am asking is tell me where he is. Please. CLOSE ON: Allen, on the blade of a choice.
107) 0) text: Allen, wrecked, walks into the bar where he first drank w Lucien. He sees an older man eyeing him and sits down, terrified. ALLEN
109) 0) text: Allen sees a young man in a Merchant Marine outfit, blond the bar lamps casting a golden halo around his head. Coul be? ALLEN
109) 1) text: Lu? Allen races to him. The man turns and Allen's heart sinks is a SAILOR, a distant echo of Lucien. The Sailor eyes Allen gently, seductively. Allen walks up to him.
111) 0) text: Allen undresses, terrified, as the sailor does the same. SAMMY (V.O.)
115) 0) text: Allen's heart in his throat as he steps out of his pants. is nearly naked. Vulnerable.
118) 0) text: Allen, naked, lays on the bed. He turns off the light.
118) 2) text: ...when I didn't know what else to do. The sailor climbs on top of Allen, turns it back on.
120) 0) text: Allen turns to face the sailor. Looks him in the eye. SAMMY (V.O.)
120) 1) text: Wake, melancholy mother. Wake and weep. Allen reaches to kiss the sailor.
122) 0) text: The sailor enters Allen.
126) 0) text: FADE UP ON: Allen, alone in the shower. He's completely blank, eyes on the tile. Realizing what he did the night before and how it felt so natural -- now he knows exactly who he is.
127) 0) text: Allen steps out in a bathrobe, to see a POLICEMAN and a DETECTIVE whispering outside Lucien's room. POLICEMAN
127) 1) text: He didn't come back here afterwards. Nobody on the floor saw. They stare at Allen, studying him. Other students whisper POLICEMAN
127) 2) text: We have two in custody. We're still getting names. Allen makes his way down the hall. Custody? What happened Lucien? DETECTIVE
128) 0) text: Allen dials a number. Nervous. Edie picks up. ALLEN
128) 2) text: You don't know? ALLEN
129) 1) text: The police took him down to the Tombs. As an accessory. Bill too. ALLEN (O.S.)
130) 0) text: The BLARE of a prison horn. A guard opens a heavy gate an Allen walks onto the hall of cells. It's a long, dank wal Allen spots Lucien in a small unremarkable cell, behind b reading. Allen can't believe he's here. Lucien sits up from his cot and rushes to the bars. LUCIEN
130) 1) text: Allen, thank God. Allen's skeptical face makes Lucien change tactics. ALLEN
130) 5) text: You could have run. Called the police. Lucien looks Allen fiercely in the eye. LUCIEN
130) 6) text: Listen. Somehow he found me at the Marine Hall. Allen looks away, realizing he is potentially complicit. LUCIEN
130) 7) text: He said no matter where I went, he would follow. When I confronted him, he exploded. I had to defend myself. He wouldn't stop. ALLEN
133) 1) text: The D.A. is asking for my deposition. In writing. Allen shakes his head, there's no way he's going to do th LUCIEN
133) 2) text: (pleading) We both know I can't do it. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going to be stuck in here for the rest of my life! Allen, still unsure. Lucien slides his hand down the bars until it touches Allen's. Pleads seductively. LUCIEN
133) 3) text: Please don't leave me here. The BUZZER goes off. Visiting time is over. The prison gu heads towards the cell. Allen makes a fateful choice. ALLEN
133) 5) text: We're going to say it was an "honor slaying". Off Allen's confused face...
134) 0) text: A finger traces down a legal index to the definition of t phrase: "Honor Slaying." ALLEN (V.O.)
134) 3) text: "If the accused is heterosexual, he shall be pardoned. But if the accused is homosexual, the charge of murder in the first degree..." Allen's attention falls to the final words:
136) 1) text: You must understand David has been following him for years. Allen, smoking nervously from Lucien's bed, watching all traces of Lucien being torn down.
136) 3) text: When Lucien went to Bowdoin, David appeared out of thin air. So I sent Lu to Chicago. Allen registers the reference from Lucien's conversation the Dean, a dim clue. Marion goes back to packing. MARION CARR
136) 4) text: Surprise, David turned up there too. Then, when Lucien wanted to go to Mexico, guess who had a car idling in the driveway? ALLEN
136) 6) text: He spun a web to ensnare my son. That's why I brought him here. A lot of good that did. Marion finds Lucien's cravat, quickly folds it, hides it the suitcase. Allen notices. ALLEN
136) 7) text: What happened in Chicago? Marion stops packing. Thinks. She settles on the bed, cha Allen with a smile. MARION CARR
136) 8) text: Thank God Lu has you in his life. He talks about you all the time. She leans over and slips the cigarette from Allen's hands into her own. Inhales seductively. MARION CARR
136) 9) text: You know what Allen? He calls you his guardian angel. ALLEN
137) 0) text: The zip of a suitcase. Bill, undoing his den, packing awa clothes, books. He's also leaving town. Allen's come for answers --- from the only person who knew the real David. BILL
137) 2) text: All the district attorney cared about was if David was queer. Allen gulps. The heart of the issue, thrust into the ligh ALLEN
137) 4) text: I said yes. ALLEN
137) 6) text: Christ Allen, please don't get involved. ALLEN
137) 7) text: I have to be. I'm helping him write his defense. Bill paces, then turns to face Allen. BILL
137) 8) text: David was my friend. But he's dead. And did Lucien tell you how he died? Allen shakes his head. He has no idea.
138) 1) text: He might not have wanted you to know, Allen. He tied David up. Lucien DRAGS David's body from the park under a railing t the shoreline. He unties his shoes, LASHES David's hands together with t shoelaces. Ties them tight. David groans and gurgles blood. Still very much ALIVE. Lucien rustles through David's pockets -- pulls out anyth side. He tosses David's pack of Lucky Strike cigarettes, speckled with blood - to the sand. Lucien collects stones from the riverbank, STUFFS them in David's pockets. BILL (O.S.)
138) 3) text: And dragged him into the Hudson River. ALLEN (O.S.)
138) 5) text: David was alive, Allen, until Lucien made him drown. The sound of a door slamming open brings us...
139) 0) text: MR. BURROUGHS (60s, patrician, wealthy), Bill's father en his son's apartment, causing Bill to stop telling the sto Mr. Burroughs eyes Allen suspiciously. MR. BURROUGHS
139) 6) text: The libertine circle has come to an end. Allen looks at Bill, lost at what to do next. Bill leans close. BILL
140) 0) text: The window bangs open. Allen climbs into David's apartmen from the fire-escape. He opens the door to the living room. Sunlight filtering a dusty, silent apartment.
141) 0) text: It is eerie. The place of someone who just left the world Allen looks around, unsure what he's looking for. His eyes fall on the bookshelves. Memories flood back, raveling and unraveling.
142) 0) text: Books LEAP into Bill's hands and he places them back on t shelves. Allen UNSUTURES the pages of books, returning back to the original condition. Lucien TAP nails out of the wall handing the pages back t Allen. Allen scouring his memories, just like when he wrote his earlier. Time runs in reverse.
143) 0) text: Allen searches through the steamer trunk of the apartment Nothing. He ruffles through the console table. Again noth He notices David's SUITCASE. The one David packed before planning on leaving by boat with Lucien. Allen opens it. He digs through it, searching for some cl any clue -- something to shed light on the past. He pulls out a pile of clothes and underneath them...a bo It's a copy of Yeats' A VISION, covered in notes. It's David's. It's the same edition of the copy that Lucien showed Alle his room.
144) 0) text: Time shifts into reverse -- we realize this Allen's mind work: rummaging for details, clues, snatches of life. We see the first night Allen met David -- David circling finger around his wineglass, his speech about life as a circle,slipping through time...
145) 0) text: Allen opening the book to find the legend that Lucien onc showed him, the picture of Yeats's WHEEL. A stack of PAPERS fall from the book. Allen rifles throug them. And finds a faded pink hospital "ADMIT" form. Cook County Hospital, Chicago. March 1943. He scans down the page: "Carr, Lucien. Suicide Attempt. G Inhalation. Admitting Person: D. Kammerer." At the bottom, the form reads "Next of Kin." Beside is the name: David Kammerer. Below, Allen sees POSTCARDS, PHOTOS. Photos of the beach, Lucien and David, reclining together. It's their trip to Mexico. In photo, the two of them, posing for the camera together Smiling. Looking very much like a couple in love. Lucien's signature red CRAVAT hangs around David's neck. On the backside, written by hand is: LUCIEN (V.O.)
145) 1) text: The perfect day. Allen, shocked. The puzzle pieces have fallen into place.
147) 0) text: Allen and Naomi, in the courtyard of the hospital. Patien being led through the sanitarium's gardens by nurses behi Naomi, looks remarkably more calm then the last time Alle saw her. NAOMI
147) 1) text: He would leave me alone in the house. I was going to die there. ALLEN
147) 3) text: Yeah, I know it. Naomi sinks inside herself, dark thoughts returning. ALLEN
147) 6) text: But you're not. Allen, a kid out of his league.
147) 9) text: Let him go. Don't help him. ALLEN
147) 12) text: The most important thing your father ever did was fail me. (beat) You understand? Allen, realizing what he has to do.
148) 0) text: Late night. Allen, back at the typewriter where he wrote poem for Lucien. He inserts a blank page. The task before him feels huge. The events of the night in question -- the night of David murder -- ravels and unravels in his mind's eye.
149) 1) text: Let's get out of the city. Anywhere you want. I've saved up. ALLEN (V.O.)
149) 3) text: I was just a kid, you dragged me into your perverted mess! ALLEN (V.O.)
149) 6) text: I will never give up on us. ALLEN (V.O.)
150) 0) text: Allen writing madly. The words come in a rush.
151) 0) text: Out in the Hudson River, Lucien cradles David's dying bod his arms. David looks up at Lucien, his last moment of li The opening shot of the film. ALLEN (V.O.)
151) 1) text: And if you try to let them go... David's eyes CLOSE. Lucien releases David out into the current. ALLEN (V.O.)
151) 2) text: ...they only circle back and return to you. David sinks into the depths of the Hudson, becoming just shadow then disappearing altogether. ALLEN (V.O.)
152) 0) text: From his cell, Lucien Carr finishes reading Allen's DEPOSITION. LUCIEN
152) 2) text: You can't show this to anyone. Allen stares at Lucien defiantly through the bars. ALLEN
152) 6) text: You wanted him gone too. You sent him to me. Allen SNATCHES the manuscript -- it's a tug of war throug the bars. LUCIEN (CONT'D)
152) 7) text: Please. You'll kill me with that. Allen yanks the paper from Lucien's grip. He heads toward the exit of the prison. Desperate, Lucien calls out after him. LUCIEN
152) 8) text: Allen! No! DON'T! An alarm HAMMERS through the prison, sending us to...
153) 0) text: The New York City's District Attorney's SECRETARY at her reception desk. Allen enters the room, his deposition in hand. He is visibly nervous as he approaches the desk. ALLEN
153) 1) text: Allen Ginsberg. SECRETARY
153) 2) text: He'll be with you in a minute. Please, have a seat. Allen waits, glances at the deposition in his lap. The ti reads, "The Night in Question."
155) 0) text: The camera moves in an arc, rotating past Allen, sweating toward the door of the DISTRICT ATTORNEY...
157) 0) text: The circle discovers Allen, unable to sit still. The weig of his decision crushes him...
159) 0) text: ...Allen spies the shadow of the District Attorney behind frosted glass of his office...
161) 2) text: Mr. Ginsberg? The sound of the door closing. Allen is gone. MALE VOICE (O.S.)
162) 0) text: Allen's manuscript HITS the Dean's desk. The deposition's title page now reads "The Night in Quest by Allen Ginsberg." It's been refashioned into a novella. Allen sits in the same chair where Lucien was reprimanded Professor Steeves sits silently beside the Dean at his de DEAN
162) 1) text: No, please tell me. Professor Steeves says you submitted it as your final. Allen, nervous in the chair. DEAN
162) 2) text: Well, then, let me tell you. It is smutty and absurd. ALLEN
162) 4) text: You've taken incompletes in two classes. And you are already on academic probation. There are rules you agreed to upon admittance into this university. And you have managed to break and keep breaking them. You don't seem to have much respect for this institution. So you may either retract this fiction as your final. Or you may choose to be expelled. What will it be? Professor Steeves eyes Allen. ALLEN
162) 5) text: Fine. Allen stands, making his decision. ALLEN
162) 6) text: Consider me expelled. Allen reaches for his manuscript. The Dean SLIDES it out reach. DEAN
163) 0) text: Back in the Ginsberg residence, but the house is quiet no peaceful. No Naomi. The radio playing softly in the livin room. Louis jotting down verse on the back of the mail. Allen, shirt untucked, composing a poem on the back of a bill. They both reach for their cigarettes at the same time. Louis looks at Allen writing. A mirror between father and son. A moment of warm appreciation. Louis hands Allen a package from the mail pile. LOUIS
163) 1) text: This came for you today. The package is from Columbia University. Allen opens it, mystified as to what it might be. It's his manuscript. On it, a note: "Walt Jr.: Keep this, Keep Going. - Profes Steeves." The music on the radio suddenly stops for a news broadcas RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
163) 3) text: Crowds have assembled in the streets. Allen takes in the historic news. He looks at his father. world, forever changed. RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
163) 4) text: This is the end of a long darkness. France and Europe are finally free. Crowds ERUPT in whistles and cheers. Allen takes it in. T moment Lucien had dreamed of.
164) 0) text: Sun streaming on Allen, standing at the bank of the Hudso River, at the place where David died. ALLEN (V.O.)
164) 1) text: Another lover hits the universe. But the night here has passed, a new day begun. It's now pastoral, shimmering. Strolling couples, families walk by Allen closes his eyes. ALLEN (V.O.)
165) 0) text: A raucous crowd now fills the boys' old haunt. Soldiers, Yorkers of all kinds, pouring champagne, toasting the end the Second World War. ALLEN (V.O.)
165) 1) text: But with death comes rebirth. The camera searches through the crowd to find Allen smoki in a banquette towards the rear of the bar, dressed-down, scruffy - a hint of the man he will soon become. He is joyous, writing in his journal. ALLEN (V.O.)
165) 2) text: And like all lovers and sad people The camera then pans past Allen, up and across the old college photos on the wall. We find a framed newspaper article on the Columbia's foot team's latest victory. In the corner of the article, we see a familiar face. As we move closer, we can read the edge of the headline reads: "HONOR SLAYING." The face belongs to Lucien Carr, staring down, frozen in time. Lucien is now on the wall.