24) 0) text: DAVID KAMMERER, the man we saw dead at the film's opening runs his fingers on the rim of a wine glass. He's sharp, mayor of this scene. An eerie hum from the glass.
24) 1) dialog: What there is, darlings and demoiselles, is a circle. Life is round. Patterns, routines, a wheel of self-abuse. Margaret, don't even deny it. Allen turns to Lucien.
24) 4) dialog: Until. The the disruption we long for, comes along and the circle is broken.
24) 6) dialog: Take this unbloomed stalwart.
24) 8) dialog: And you are?
24) 11) dialog: Allen, who comes uninvited to my apartment.
24) 13) dialog: None of us notice him. Look at him. Why would we bother? In his tucked shirt and creased pants, Allen realizes the entire party is scrutinizing, judging him.
24) 14) dialog: So the pattern of our evening, our lives, holds. But under the right circumstances, even he might change the world. Jazz music sparks, PRE-LAP from where this party's going next. Lucien eyes Allen -- an idea forming.
25) 0) text: The party continuing at this underground speakeasy. Strai gay, young, old, a subterranean zoo. A jazz signer owns t room. Bill, David, and Allen at a table. David's moment alone w Allen.
25) 1) dialog: So you just met Lucien in the lunch line and now he's all that you can see.
25) 10) dialog: "Await the girl who fassinets."
25) 17) dialog: More than I suspect this theory accommodates.
25) 26) dialog: A literary revolution without writing a word. Neat trick, Lu.
41) 0) text: Bill at David's bookcase, removing classic art and litera books and throwing them to Allen.
42) 4) dialog: What the hell is this?
43) 4) dialog: Dimly-lit, I am sure. What have you done to my apartment? Allen struggles to his feet, moaning. Lucien steps betwee David and their wall of clippings.
43) 7) dialog: This is not your revolution, this is my life.
43) 9) dialog: It's mine. Not everyone gets an allowance. (beat) Leave. Get out! Allen stumbles out of the room, scared. David approaches Lucien.
43) 10) dialog: I need to speak to you. Alone.
44) 0) text: Allen splashes water on his face. In the mirror, he sees David and Lucien in the bedroom. David hands Lucien a TERM PAPER.
45) 2) dialog: And get you sent back to your mother again? That would just be the end of you.
46) 0) text: Allen, caught, looks down, pretends he heard nothing. But it's too late. David walks over and SLAMS the door in All face.
54) 0) text: Allen jerking-off at his desk. Allen racing around his room, burning off energy. The memories are now flooding in. David at his party...
54) 1) dialog: Take this unbloomed stalwart. Lucien at the bar...
58) 2) dialog: Ah. The "Vision" at last. Can I see? Allen hides them behind his back.
58) 5) dialog: He's out. With a senior, some football player. A writer and handsome too. (beat) James? Jack. There it is. Jack.
58) 7) dialog: That's odd since I'm the only thing keeping him here.
58) 9) dialog: Piece of advice. You don't know Lu. As soon you think you do, he'll find someone else. David smirks, walks off leaving Allen alone with his page
58) 10) dialog: Or maybe he already has.
78) 0) text: Walking into the light of the street lamp outside the lib is David. He approaches two campus security GUARDS on the night patrol. DAVID
95) 6) text: Have no fear. You never will. Suddenly, David appears in the bar. The group looks at ea other, mystified. ALLEN
95) 7) text: What's he doing here? David walks briskly over to Lucien. DAVID
95) 10) text: Maybe he didn't want to see you. DAVID
95) 12) text: Yup. And he says we should all have another round... Lucien stands up to get a drink. David grabs his arm. Luc tries to push him off. DAVID
95) 13) text: You've had plenty of time to celebrate. Your library hijink made the morning paper. I'm sure you're all very proud. Allen, Jack and Bill glance at each other suspiciously, t at David. ALLEN
95) 14) text: How did you know it was us? DAVID
95) 16) text: I haven't seen you for days. David throws down Lucien's cravat to the table. The one w remember him wearing when we first met him in the library private power move. DAVID
95) 18) text: (to David, a guess) You told the guards we were there. No one else knew. David does not respond. Jack suddenly jolts up. Shoves Da back.
95) 20) text: You little fink! Lucien explodes at David. LUCIEN
95) 21) text: You wanted me to get kicked out?! You ratted on me! DAVID
95) 23) text: Yeah. (to Lucien) Cut him off. Lucien gives David a fatal look. LUCIEN
95) 24) text: Best of luck, Janitor. DAVID
95) 26) text: We are over. Leave. Lucien spindles the paper and plunges it into a beer. Dav in shock, begins to shatter in front of them. DAVID
95) 27) text: Look at me, Lu. Tears well in David's eyes. Lucien sits back down, ignore him. Bill stands up, tries to lead David away. BILL
95) 28) text: Let's go. DAVID
95) 29) text: (from his wound, breaking) You said I was everything to you. You are everything to me. Everything to me. Do you hear me? David fractures. Utterly vulnerable. This is it: the real uninhibited, uncensored self. BILL
95) 30) text: Let's go. Time and place, David.
95) 32) text: Shut up, traitor. He turns sharply to Lucien saying loud enough so everyone hear. DAVID
95) 33) text: You'd be dead if it weren't for me! Lucien totally dead cold. Allen, unsure what David is tal about. David turns and rushes outside and Bill follows hi Alone with Allen and Jack, Lucien suddenly smiles as if nothing just happened, puts his arm around Allen. LUCIEN
99) 0) text: Lucien sees David, desperate, alone, on the fire escape. Lucien can't believe this. He opens the window.
99) 3) text: Lu, where are you? Lucien stares down David. LUCIEN
99) 4) text: I'm going back to bed. Another word and I call the police. Lucien turns around and leaves David alone at the sill. F inside the living room, David hears a MEOW. He spots Jack's cat KIT KAT looking up at him.
102) 3) text: It was David. JACK
105) 0) text: Allen crosses through the courtyard, heading to class. He comes upon David, waiting for Lucien. Pale. Distraught. DAVID
105) 3) text: He left. DAVID
105) 5) text: But? DAVID
105) 6) text: I know who you are. We're the ones he needs, but never wants. It hurts, doesn't it? Allen burns, does not respond. David is right. DAVID
106) 9) text: Let me handle this. Lucien holds Jack back, rushes up to David. LUCIEN
106) 10) text: How did you know I would be here?! DAVID
106) 12) text: The reason I'm leaving is you. It doesn't register. Desperate, David holds out the passe DAVID
113) 0) text: Lucien walks, guzzles from his flask. David follows. They visibly arguing. SAMMY (V.O.)
119) 0) text: David LUNGES for Lucien and Lucien throws him off, spins away. He pulls out his Boy Scout knife. David stares at Lucien, stunned.
121) 0) text: Lucien STABS David, plunges the blade into his chest.
124) 0) text: David looks up from his chest. Blood pumps from the gash. David, clutching his shirt, his chest...
132) 1) text: But then I went to Bill. He told me to get a lawyer. Bill fingering David's pack of Lucky Strikes in his bathr David's blood on his hand. LUCIEN (O.S.)
136) 1) text: You must understand David has been following him for years. Allen, smoking nervously from Lucien's bed, watching all traces of Lucien being torn down.
136) 3) text: When Lucien went to Bowdoin, David appeared out of thin air. So I sent Lu to Chicago. Allen registers the reference from Lucien's conversation the Dean, a dim clue. Marion goes back to packing. MARION CARR
136) 4) text: Surprise, David turned up there too. Then, when Lucien wanted to go to Mexico, guess who had a car idling in the driveway? ALLEN
136) 10) text: That's what he called David. She exhales, her face falls. Leans in threateningly. MARION CARR
137) 0) text: The zip of a suitcase. Bill, undoing his den, packing awa clothes, books. He's also leaving town. Allen's come for answers --- from the only person who knew the real David. BILL
137) 2) text: All the district attorney cared about was if David was queer. Allen gulps. The heart of the issue, thrust into the ligh ALLEN
137) 5) text: Did David do something Lu in Chicago? BILL
137) 8) text: David was my friend. But he's dead. And did Lucien tell you how he died? Allen shakes his head. He has no idea.
138) 0) text: The moment right after Lucien stabbed David. What we have seen yet. The story continues. David trembles on the ground, bleeding from the knife wou Lucien stands above, realizing what just happened. Car headlamps swipe across Lucien's face. Terrified, Luci scans the park for witnesses. BILL (O.S.)
138) 1) text: He might not have wanted you to know, Allen. He tied David up. Lucien DRAGS David's body from the park under a railing t the shoreline. He unties his shoes, LASHES David's hands together with t shoelaces. Ties them tight. David groans and gurgles blood. Still very much ALIVE. Lucien rustles through David's pockets -- pulls out anyth side. He tosses David's pack of Lucky Strike cigarettes, speckled with blood - to the sand. Lucien collects stones from the riverbank, STUFFS them in David's pockets. BILL (O.S.)
138) 2) text: He put stones in his pockets to weigh him down. Lucien panics, looks around. He takes off his Merchant Ma clothes. Fully naked, he drags a bound David into the dar waters of the Hudson River. David moans and struggles but is no match for Lucien. BILL (O.S.)
138) 5) text: David was alive, Allen, until Lucien made him drown. The sound of a door slamming open brings us...
140) 0) text: The window bangs open. Allen climbs into David's apartmen from the fire-escape. He opens the door to the living room. Sunlight filtering a dusty, silent apartment.
143) 0) text: Allen searches through the steamer trunk of the apartment Nothing. He ruffles through the console table. Again noth He notices David's SUITCASE. The one David packed before planning on leaving by boat with Lucien. Allen opens it. He digs through it, searching for some cl any clue -- something to shed light on the past. He pulls out a pile of clothes and underneath them...a bo It's a copy of Yeats' A VISION, covered in notes. It's David's. It's the same edition of the copy that Lucien showed Alle his room.
144) 0) text: Time shifts into reverse -- we realize this Allen's mind work: rummaging for details, clues, snatches of life. We see the first night Allen met David -- David circling finger around his wineglass, his speech about life as a circle,slipping through time...
145) 0) text: Allen opening the book to find the legend that Lucien onc showed him, the picture of Yeats's WHEEL. A stack of PAPERS fall from the book. Allen rifles throug them. And finds a faded pink hospital "ADMIT" form. Cook County Hospital, Chicago. March 1943. He scans down the page: "Carr, Lucien. Suicide Attempt. G Inhalation. Admitting Person: D. Kammerer." At the bottom, the form reads "Next of Kin." Beside is the name: David Kammerer. Below, Allen sees POSTCARDS, PHOTOS. Photos of the beach, Lucien and David, reclining together. It's their trip to Mexico. In photo, the two of them, posing for the camera together Smiling. Looking very much like a couple in love. Lucien's signature red CRAVAT hangs around David's neck. On the backside, written by hand is: LUCIEN (V.O.)
148) 0) text: Late night. Allen, back at the typewriter where he wrote poem for Lucien. He inserts a blank page. The task before him feels huge. The events of the night in question -- the night of David murder -- ravels and unravels in his mind's eye.
149) 0) text: Time now runs forward, to the inevitable. We watch Lucien David walking once more of the night of the murder. But t time we hear their argument. Lucien, drunk, tosses his fl into the bushes. David follows him, desperate. DAVID
149) 4) text: So in Chicago, you tried to kill yourself. DAVID
149) 5) text: How can you say that? You know that's not true. Lucien stops short. Stares hard at David. DAVID
149) 8) text: You're pathetic. Lucien walks on, but David lunges for him. They struggle. Lucien throws David off, spins free from his grasp, pulls his Boy Scout knife from his pocket. The two men face each other.
149) 10) text: You needed him as much as he needed you. The bare blade FLASHES between them. David, looking at th knife, shocked that their relationship has come to this. looks back up at Lucien. DAVID
149) 12) text: When? DAVID
149) 13) text: When you wanted to die. David takes a step, closing the gap between him and the knife. Daring Lucien to strike. DAVID
149) 14) text: Do it. Lucien moves forward. The gap narrows. Just inches away f each other. David steps forward onto the blade. Lucien does not back David gasps, notices the knife deep in his chest to the h Blood pumps from the gash. Lucien frees the knife. Then pulls back and STABS David a second time. With malice. And again. Plunges the blade into his chest. He grinds th knife into David even further.. DAVID
149) 15) text: Oh my god... David DROPS, clutching his shirt, his life pulsing from h chest.
151) 0) text: Out in the Hudson River, Lucien cradles David's dying bod his arms. David looks up at Lucien, his last moment of li The opening shot of the film. ALLEN (V.O.)
151) 1) text: And if you try to let them go... David's eyes CLOSE. Lucien releases David out into the current. ALLEN (V.O.)
151) 2) text: ...they only circle back and return to you. David sinks into the depths of the Hudson, becoming just shadow then disappearing altogether. ALLEN (V.O.)
164) 0) text: Sun streaming on Allen, standing at the bank of the Hudso River, at the place where David died. ALLEN (V.O.)