21) 0) text: Lucien throws his jacket over Allen's shoulder and leads into the wild city around the corner.
59) 13) dialog: Hey Al!
60) 0) text: Handsome JACK KEROUAC (mid-20's, athletic, infamous jaw) palms a football, fakes a pass to Allen. Allen, on the co with a stack of pages, shakes his head.
60) 4) dialog: (with a wink) The damn cat! The bell around the neck of Jack's cat KIT KAT jingles as scurries away. Jack darts over, hangs the painting upside down.
60) 5) dialog: (whispered to Allen) She painted it. Say nothing. Jack notices a piece of mail addressed to him next to All It's an old vinyl RECORD sent by his friend Sammy. He sho down the hall.
60) 6) dialog: Hey when'd this come?
60) 8) dialog: I dunno. Some battleship. Lucien nods to the huge manuscript on Allen's lap. We rea it is Jack's novel The Sea Is My Brother.
60) 13) dialog: Both of you! Quiet! Jack sets up an old phonograph. The scratchy record start Jack sidles up close to the speaker.
60) 15) dialog: Sammy, you bastard.
60) 18) dialog: My best friend since I was twelve. Off in the Navy.
60) 23) dialog: What's this?
60) 25) dialog: You missed. Jack grabs his jacket.
60) 27) dialog: Out.
60) 30) dialog: What do you want me to do? Eat shoe leather? I'm hungry and what you do in the kitchen is unholy.
60) 32) dialog: Shut your mouth, Edie.
61) 1) dialog: So Al. You thought my novel was shit?
61) 4) dialog: I've left school twice already. Columbia's full of squares. I'm not even sure why I bothered to come back.
61) 7) dialog: Trust me. Sometimes when I fight with Edie, I want to. Lucien stops. He spots a DINGY, floating off a dock. He g an idea.
61) 9) dialog: Carr, you're goddamn crazy. Lucien RUNS for it, then Jack. Allen, now the third wheel reluctantly chases after.
62) 0) text: The dingy drifts into view in the middle of the busiest r in the world - quiet at this late in the night. Jack rowi
62) 1) dialog: A "new vision?"
62) 3) dialog: Sounds phony. Movements are cooked up by people who can't write about the people who can.
62) 5) dialog: Listen to me, this whole town's full of finks on the 30th floor, writing pure chintz. Writers, real writers, gotta be in the beds. In the trenches. In all the broken places. What're your trenches, Al?
62) 7) dialog: Right. Allen looks to Lucien for help.
62) 11) dialog: Good. That's one. What else?
62) 13) dialog: Even better.
62) 15) dialog: You're right. Who is you? Lucien loves this, raises an eyebrow. Allen pulls out his poem from his pocket.
62) 18) dialog: Allen. Beautiful, kid. Allen looks up, moved.
62) 26) dialog: Jesus Christ!
67) 4) dialog: No telling Edie, got it? Jack strolls up to the desk. Winks at the page.
67) 5) dialog: I see you checking out all these books. And I'm asking myself: do you ever get checked out? She radiates. Bill looks at his watch.
75) 0) text: The light from the boys' flashlights SLICES through the d as they enter into the library through a heavy door. Bill reaches into Jack's mouth and takes the chewing gum inside it. Jack shoots a glare at him - what the hell? Bill presses the sticky gum into the strike plate of the -- blocking the door from being able to close shut. The boys look at each other, give each other the silent n then split -- Lucien and Jack sneak off to the main hall, Bill and Allen up to the stacks. Behind them, the chewing gum slips, falls from the strike plate. The door shuts. And LOCKS.
77) 0) text: Jack and Lucien unscrew the glass from the VITRINES encas the historic books and manuscripts we saw earlier.
80) 0) text: Jack and Lucien jolt as the alarm goes off, look up from vitrines to each other. What is going on up there?
83) 0) text: Allen, carrying the restricted books, runs up to Jack and Lucien at the vitrines which are now wide open and empty. JACK
83) 1) text: (whispered) What just happened? Jack and Lucien grab the books from Allen and start to se them in the cases. The alarm suddenly STOPS. SECURITY GUARD (O.S.)
84) 0) text: Allen, Jack and Bill reach the closed door. They can't op it. JACK
86) 0) text: Bill, Jack and Allen slide along the wall of card catalog back to the main hall looking for another exit. Through the arch leading inside, they can see the guards canvasing the room with flashlights. SECURITY GUARD
86) 2) text: Come on out! Across the room, Bill spots TWO GLASS DOORS leading out t balcony. He points at the doors. Jack WHIPS his flashlight in a tremendous arc to another room. It clatters noisily, a distraction. It works. The guards CHASE after the noise. Jack, Bill, Allen BOLT to the glass doors. They throw the wide open. Allen is about to leave, but stops Jack. ALLEN
86) 3) text: Wait. Lucien. Allen turns and sees Lucien, still furiously working, boo under his arm. Jack shakes his head, follows Bill and races out the door Alone, Allen RUNS back to Lucien who is madly placing the books in the vitrines. He is a man possessed. ALLEN
91) 0) text: Allen and Lucien race into the vestibule between the door leading out to the city -- and the doors back into the library. Lucien presses against the exit doors: they're locked. The GUARDS turn the corner, see the boys stuck between th two sets of doors. Allen blocks the library doors with his shoulder. The gua POUND on the door. A SOUND from outside: the padlock unlocking. Suddenly: th exit door opens. It's Jack and Bill, with lock-picking ge in hand. They YANK Allen and Lucien out.
92) 0) text: Jack slams the door, Bill runs the chain back through the handle and LOCKS it. The door BULGES as the guards bang into it. SECURITY GUARD
95) 1) text: To literacy. Allen, Bill, Jack and Lucien throw back their drinks in celebration. The Mills Brothers "You Always Hurt The One You Love" on jukebox plays over this lazy, drunken afternoon. Allen's eyes scan the wall above them, Columbia's "Hall o Fame": newspaper headlines, yearbook photos... ALLEN
95) 2) text: Jack, that's you, isn't it? He sees a framed photo of Jack in a football play, mid-ca JACK
95) 5) text: Souvenir history. To make people think they left some mark on the world. Because otherwise nobody would ever know. (beat) I don't ever want to end up on this wall. JACK
95) 13) text: You've had plenty of time to celebrate. Your library hijink made the morning paper. I'm sure you're all very proud. Allen, Jack and Bill glance at each other suspiciously, t at David. ALLEN
95) 15) text: Did he use that "Bastille" line? Cause I gave it to him. Allen, Jack and Bill look at Lucien, shocked. LUCIEN
95) 18) text: (to David, a guess) You told the guards we were there. No one else knew. David does not respond. Jack suddenly jolts up. Shoves Da back.
95) 33) text: You'd be dead if it weren't for me! Lucien totally dead cold. Allen, unsure what David is tal about. David turns and rushes outside and Bill follows hi Alone with Allen and Jack, Lucien suddenly smiles as if nothing just happened, puts his arm around Allen. LUCIEN
96) 0) text: JACK
96) 1) text: And...go! Jack crouched inside an empty barrel. Trashed, Lucien kic the barrel down a grassy slope. Allen and Lucien cheer Jack on as the barrel bangs down t slope. But then it swerves, SLAMS into a bench. At the to the slope, Lucien and Allen look on in shock. LUCIEN
96) 2) text: Jack? Jack? (no response) He broke his fucking neck. The warrior poet has passed on. Jack staggers from out of the barrel. Throws his hands in air victoriously. Allen and Lucien cheer him on. ALLEN
96) 10) text: First thought, best thought. He grazes his hand against Lucien's inner thigh. Lucien l down at Allen's hand curiously, then back at Allen. The decisive moment. Allen leans over. Kisses him. It bui in passion. Lucien pulls back, unsure. Then returns the kiss. It buil in passion. Everything Allen had hoped for, lensed into a moment. JACK (O.S.)
96) 11) text: I think I just puked on the inside. Lucien opens his eyes to notice Jack stumbling up the slo He tenses, pulls away from Allen. The moment has been shattered. As if nothing just happened, Lucien stands and looks at J with his usual devilish smile. LUCIEN
96) 12) text: Let's go, Jack.
96) 17) text: I'd be lost without you, Ginsy. (to Jack) Come on, Lion. The two of them leave. Allen, abandoned and broken, puts head in his hands. ALLEN
97) 0) text: Lucien and Jack stumble into Jack's apartment. Edie sits GRANDMA FRANKIE (90s, stone-faced) around the living room table, listening to the news on the radio. We hear there' been an attack in Anzio. JACK
97) 3) text: Say hi to Gram. Grandma Frankie glares at Jack. EDIE
97) 6) text: Then we should have a drink! How about a drink, Grandma Frankie? You want some red wine? Jack heads to the cabinet. Edie follows him. EDIE
97) 7) text: Where the hell have you been?! JACK
97) 9) text: I packed all your stuff. It's in your bag. I'm going to be at Gram's tonight. Jack reaches for her. She shakes him off. JACK
98) 0) text: Edie's gone. The apartment is quiet. Lucien and Jack, cra out on Jack's bed. The sound of a strange KNOCKING against a window outside. Lucien wakes up. Sees Jack still asleep. He rises to investigate.
99) 2) text: I know this is crazy. I don't know even know what I'm doing here. But I had to tell you I'm sorry. Let me make it up to you. From behind... JACK (O.S.)
99) 4) text: I'm going back to bed. Another word and I call the police. Lucien turns around and leaves David alone at the sill. F inside the living room, David hears a MEOW. He spots Jack's cat KIT KAT looking up at him.
100) 0) text: The sound of gas and a violent STRUGGLING from the other room. Jack quickly wakes up. JACK
100) 1) text: What the hell?! Jack jumps out of bed and grabs a baseball bat.
101) 0) text: Jack walks up the hallway. The living room, eerily empty. Then a howling from the kitchen.
102) 0) text: Jack rushes in. Turns on the light. The sounds are coming from the OVEN. He rushes to the oven door and opens it. Kit Kat struggle the oven, gassed and barely alive. Jack turns off the ove clutches his cat. JACK
102) 3) text: It was David. JACK
102) 4) text: I'll wring his fucking neck. LUCIEN's P.O.V.: Jack's Merchant Marine duffel bag that E has fully packed for him. LUCIEN
104) 5) text: We've got to make a ship, probably as merchant seamen. Jack knows the tricks. ALLEN
104) 8) text: Fuck you. You're a phony. You got me and Jack and Bill making your vision come true. All because you couldn't do it yourself. LUCIEN
106) 0) text: Jack and Lucien in a long line of young soldiers waiting ship out. Lucien nips at a flask. They reach the front of line. A BILLETING OFFICER calls out to them. BILLETING OFFICER
106) 2) text: Two seamen, reporting for duty. Jack tries not to laugh, hands over his paperwork. The officer points to Lucien. BILLETING OFFICER
106) 4) text: Arthur Rimbaud. Jack rolls his eyes. The officer hands the paperwork back BILLETING OFFICER
106) 9) text: Let me handle this. Lucien holds Jack back, rushes up to David. LUCIEN
106) 13) text: Then you and Jack take them. I'll catch up. Lucien considers this, then makes a fateful decision. LUCIEN
108) 0) text: Jack unlocks his door. Edie sits on the floor, her eyes r from crying. Jack drops his duffel bag. Sits with her. JACK
110) 1) text: This came for you today. She hands Jack a package from the mail. A new record. JACK
110) 2) text: Sammy... Jack places it on the record player and listens, clutchin Edie. He knows immediately there won't be another record. SAMMY (V.O.)
110) 3) text: Jack, old chum. I'm on a hospital ship now. My guts all tore up.
114) 0) text: Jack continues to listen to Sammy, his heart sinking. He knows this is headed to a dark place. SAMMY (V.O.)
125) 1) text: And let thy loud heart keep-- The record runs out, the stylus scratches. Jack, tremblin EDIE
125) 2) text: What is that? JACK
125) 4) text: What's that mean? JACK
128) 1) text: Edie? Is Jack there? EDIE (O.S.)
130) 8) text: But how did Jack and Bill get roped into this?
131) 1) text: I went to Jack first. He told me to get rid of the knife. To forget the whole thing. They hear footsteps and turn. A black woman watches them suspiciously.
135) 0) text: Jack, in handcuffs, on the phone. PHOTOGRAPHERS, JOURNALI outside, clamoring for Jack to look their way. A murder w Columbia University students, this is big news. JACK
135) 1) text: Dad. It's five thousand dollars for bail. I know it's a lot-- A flash bulb FIRES. Journalists cat-calling for Jack's attention. JACK'S FATHER (O.S.)
135) 2) text: No Kerouac was ever wrapped up in a murder! Go to hell. The line goes dead. Jack has run out of options. More flashbulbs EXPLODE. More screaming for his attention. Jac whips around. JACK