3) 2) dialog: How was she today? Louis turns off the music. The playful mood dies. Allen s the mail in his father's hand.
3) 4) dialog: Why? You expecting something? Allen looks down, a bad liar.
3) 7) dialog: I told you it wouldn't work. Allen rushes upstairs.
5) 0) text: Overwhelmed, Allen shakes on the front stairs. She's not well. The faint sound of jazz, fun from someone else's ho from down the block. Louis comes out onto the porch, with open LETTER in hand from the mail pile. He's upset.
5) 1) dialog: Were you even going to tell me you applied?! Allen spies the "Columbia University" seal on the front. been caught. He looks down, ashamed.
5) 4) dialog: (talking to himself, dreaming) Trilling's there. Van Doren. English Professors. Important fellows. And New York City, right in your goddamn lap. Louis sits beside his son.
5) 5) dialog: Love that is hoarded, molds at last. Allen, surprised to hear his Dad reciting one of his poem
5) 6) dialog: Until we know, the only thing we have--
5) 8) dialog: Is what we hand away. Have, hand. Consonance.
5) 10) dialog: I wrote the goddamn poem. Go write your own. Louis hands over the letter. The hardest thing he's ever done. Allen takes the envelope, rips it open. He's looking at t response in shock. Louis tries to read his son's face.
5) 12) dialog: You got in?!
5) 15) dialog: You got into Columbia University?! Allen and his father embrace.
27) 0) text: Allen and Lucien enter the house to find Louis standing nervously with a suitcase beside a DOCTOR.
27) 3) dialog: Your mother needs her rest. A male nurse leads Naomi from the bedroom. She is still i her robe, shattered and fogged by sedatives. Allen realiz what's happening.
27) 13) dialog: It's for the best.
27) 15) dialog: It's for her best. It's not for my best. Look at her! Listen to her! Naomi babbling. Allen realizing how far she's gone. Allen shoves the nurse off Naomi.
28) 0) text: Louis lectures Allen. We close in on Allen's despondent face. The dutiful son's first failure.
65) 0) text: Allen sits back as he hears someone approaching. Louis Ginsberg rounds the corner with an unfamiliar woman
65) 1) dialog: Allen? What the hell is going on?
65) 7) dialog: Did he put you up to this? Allen stares down his father. Gathering courage to defy h
163) 0) text: Back in the Ginsberg residence, but the house is quiet no peaceful. No Naomi. The radio playing softly in the livin room. Louis jotting down verse on the back of the mail. Allen, shirt untucked, composing a poem on the back of a bill. They both reach for their cigarettes at the same time. Louis looks at Allen writing. A mirror between father and son. A moment of warm appreciation. Louis hands Allen a package from the mail pile. LOUIS