1) 1) dialog: ...or they destroy you. From behind the bars of a jail cell, Lucien Carr (the you man from the opening) finishes reading from a paper MANUSCRIPT in his hand.
1) 3) dialog: You can't show this to anyone. We PULL BACK to reveal the author of the manuscript: a eighteen-year-old ALLEN GINSBERG. Unslept and exhausted. determined. Allen stares defiantly at Lucien from the other side of t bars.
1) 5) dialog: You weren't even there. It's your truth. It's fiction. Allen grabs for his manuscript back, but Lucien pulls it of reach.
1) 6) dialog: You wanted him gone too. You sent him to me. Allen reaches through the bars and SNATCHES the paper. Lucien won't let go -- it's a tug of war between the two boys, two wills. Allen yanks the paper from Lucien's grip wins. Lucien, panicking.
1) 7) dialog: Please. You'll kill me with that. Allen turns and races towards the exit of the prison. Desperate, Lucien calls out after him.
1) 8) dialog: Allen! No! Allen doesn't turn. An alarm HAMMERS through the prison.
1) 9) dialog: Allen!   No! DON'T...! CUT TO BLACK.
8) 4) dialog: Let's hear a bit, shall we? Allen turns to see Lucien Carr (now 19, devilish, stunnin handsome) LEAP onto a library desk with a book in hand. H wears a distinctive red CRAVAT that only the truly beauti can pull off. The entire room hushes.
8) 5) dialog: (reciting) On a Sunday afternoon, when the shutters are down and the proletariat possesses the street... The tour guide looks around confused.
8) 7) dialog: ...there are certain thoroughfares which remind one of nothing less... Lucien gets on his knees and THRUSTS a lamp between his l
8) 8) dialog: ...than a big cancerous cock. Parents look around in shock. A female student is instant aroused. The prim PERMISSIONS LIBRARIAN clomps over.
8) 10) dialog: Henry Miller.
8) 12) dialog: Which is why I committed it to memory.
8) 14) dialog: Alert the press! Tell them Lucien Carr is innocent! Lucien flees, rushes out of the library.
12) 0) text: A mattress lies on the floor, a phonograph on top. Candle light the room. Books for furniture. And Lucien on the fl reading the Times and smoking.
12) 2) dialog: Finally. An oasis in this wasteland. Nervous, Allen tries to make conversation.
12) 4) dialog: Only the most anti-social have to go to an event actually called one. Libation? Lucien rises and grabs a wine bottle corked with a sock. Allen looks nervously towards the door.
12) 6) dialog: How does a horrible bottle of Chianti sound? Lucien inverts two small glasses and pours. Allen stares. doesn't break the rules.
12) 8) dialog: Freshman?
12) 10) dialog: Excellent. I love first times. I want my whole life to be composed of them. Life is only interesting if life is wide.
12) 12) dialog: To Walt Whitman, you dirty bastard. Allen, mortified, not sure how to take that reference as Lucien knocks his wine back in one gulp.
12) 13) dialog: How's your Yeats? Have you read A Vision? He tosses Allen a BOOK. Dog-eared, underlined and crumbli
12) 15) dialog: It's completely brilliant and impossible. He says life is round: we're stuck on this wheel. Living. And dying. Allen opens the book, looks through the old pages, sees a strange symbol: a diagram of a celestial WHEEL.
12) 16) dialog: An endless circle. Until. Someone breaks it. You came in here, you rupture the pattern. Bang: the whole world...
12) 18) dialog: How did you...?
12) 20) dialog: Are you a writer? Because I've got a job for a writer. Allen, mesmerized.
12) 23) dialog: Well, you're not anything yet. This boy so close, the rush of contact. From down the hal
12) 25) dialog: Isn't that you?
17) 0) text: Lucien passes Allen, putting on his coat, heading out to city.
17) 2) dialog: No. Downtown.
19) 0) text: Lucien slides down the stairway rail. Allen watching him disappear.
20) 0) text: Allen, breathless, storms down a flight of stairs, catche to Lucien. Lucien turns, loving this. The puppy following new master.
20) 1) dialog: Coming?
21) 0) text: Lucien throws his jacket over Allen's shoulder and leads into the wild city around the corner.
21) 1) dialog: Welcome to the edge of the world. The sound of the IRT screeching takes us to the SUBWAY MA from Allen's dorm room which comes to life. A RED LINE glides down the map from Columbia University a the way...to Greenwich Village.
22) 0) text: Allen, anxious, follows Lucien up a crowded staircase to West Village apartment. The sounds of a party spill out onto the landing and beyo It's pure bohemia here.
22) 2) dialog: Allen in Wonderland. Lucien grabs a DRUNK YOUNG GIRL from the crowd, kisses he passionately. Then lets her go, keeps walking.
22) 4) dialog: No, and I don't plan on it. She tasted like imported sophistication and domestic cigarettes.
23) 0) text: A makeshift bar in a sink full of ice. Lucien scavenges through empty bottles in the sink, looking for any remain alcohol.
23) 1) dialog: (calling out) Dave! Where's the liquor?! I'll be right back. As Lucien walks off, Allen tries to make himself inconspicuous and sits down on the tub.
23) 11) dialog: Allen, Willy. Willy, Allen, Lucien reefer. Lucien takes the joint. Bill puts the tube of gas back in his mouth, back to business. Lucien grabs Allen's hand, pulls him to the par
23) 13) dialog: He wishes he were a criminal. The Burroughs family is richer than God.
23) 16) dialog: He's a Harvard man, and he's going to be an amazing artist. His current medium is himself. Allen spots the TERM PAPER in Lucien's hand.
23) 18) dialog: Bunk for school. Now, come on, I want you to meet our host.
24) 3) dialog: Because it was me. First. David sees the boys talking. He eyes Allen, curiously.
24) 5) dialog: (whispered, to Allen) He said he was my guardian angel, but that I was too much work. David crosses through crowd towards Allen.
24) 12) dialog: Actually I invited him.
25) 5) dialog: Some earjob at the bar just called me "boy." So I stole his drink. Allen scans, sees the famous poet OGDEN NASH looking arou for his glass.
25) 7) dialog: Who's Ogden Nash?
25) 11) dialog: And that's what he's selling?! I'll kill him. Bill takes out a switchblade.
25) 13) dialog: No. We're not going to kill him. Even better. We're going make sure nobody remembers him. (turns to Allen) How many men started the Renaissance?
25) 16) dialog: And the Romantics.
25) 19) dialog: We're sending millions to fight the Fascists in Europe, but they're here! Meter and rhyme---
25) 21) dialog: Yes! They're all guards in some prison. Let's make the prisoners come out and play. Let's come up with new words, new rhythms. Allen, swept up in the energy. He couldn't be more captivated.
25) 22) dialog: We need a name.
25) 25) dialog: Shit. So that's been done.
25) 30) dialog: Ginsy, you're hired! Allen smiles a mile wide. He's in. Suddenly, the jazz singer stops. The band puts down their instruments. POLICEMEN escort a businessman and another gentleman out of the bathroom, in HANDCUFFS. The mood in bar chills.
26) 0) text: Drunk, Allen and Lucien stumble to the ground.
26) 1) dialog: "In the dawn, armed with a burning patience, we shall enter the splendid city!" Allen sits up.
26) 3) dialog: It's Rimbaud. It's overwritten, I know. He's allowed.
26) 5) dialog: What is? Allen stands, gathers himself urgently. He needs to be somewhere about twelve hours ago.
26) 8) dialog: Don't go then.
26) 10) dialog: What?
26) 12) dialog: Perfect. I love complicated.
27) 0) text: Allen and Lucien enter the house to find Louis standing nervously with a suitcase beside a DOCTOR.
29) 0) text: Allen escapes outside where Lucien is sitting, smoking. A sits beside him, notices: Lucien has been crying.
29) 2) dialog: At least you have her. My father left me when I was four. A beat of understanding between them. Lucien lays down. A takes his cigarette, lays next to him.
29) 4) dialog: So what do you suggest?
30) 3) dialog: Oh please. Die already. We PULL BACK again to see Lucien beside, also with a noos around his neck. Both of them on chairs. Their nooses are attached to the same pipe.
30) 4) dialog: Where's the verve? The brio?! From atop the chair, Lucien kicks his record player with foot. Grand classical music screeches to a start.
30) 6) dialog: If it be that I am indulging my self-consciousness in justifying myself, or if it be--
30) 8) dialog: Don't edit me! Lucien shoves Allen. Allen trips off the chair, the noose snaps tight...and suddenly he's hanging in mid-air. He struggles. Lucien tries to help, but falls off his own ch The pipe starts to bend. Allen and Lucien panic as they swing through the room, suspended in air. The pipe BREAKS. They crash to the ground. A beat of relief -- are we alive? -- and the two break ou into hysterics. DIRTY BE-BOP JAZZ PLAYS OVER...
31) 0) text: The black crowd claps for the same jazz singer and band w saw earlier, now on their home turf. Allen, Lucien and Bi watch from a table.
31) 2) dialog: "Proclaims" is better--
32) 0) text: Lucien and Allen pace while Bill reclines on the sofa. Th riff on the The New Vision manifesto.
32) 3) dialog: The expression of self.
32) 6) dialog: Then what do you suggest?
34) 0) text: Bill cracking open a Benzedrine canister and removing the soaking strip from inside. He drops it into three coffee cups. The boys knock it bac Lucien pushing Allen to finish the whole drink.
36) 0) text: Allen, Lucien pacing with increasing excitement.
36) 1) dialog: Institutions.
36) 4) dialog: My father. Bill smiles. They're playing his game.
39) 1) dialog: Extraordinary men propel society forward. It is our duty to break the law.
40) 0) text: Allen stopping Lucien in his tracks.
40) 2) dialog: It's how we make the world wider. Allen considers, agrees.
40) 4) dialog: Well, thank you.
42) 2) dialog: Watch this. Lucien leans over a young woman, a statue at a table with young man in military attire.
42) 3) dialog: (whispered in her ear) Go. The girl comes to life and clambers over the young man to second, more attractive soldier. And kisses him. The pair erupt into life, into desire. Lucien and Allen sit on the stage beneath the frozen musicians. Lucien pulls out a BOY SCOUT KNIFE. Wraps Allen's hand in a fist around the blade. He pulls the knife free. Allen winces in pain. Lucien does the same to his own palm, then presses their bloody hands together. A ceremony. Allen's eyes roll back David appears in a janitor uniform. The Technicolor fades
43) 0) text: Allen, the nitrous oxide mask over his face inhaling from tank of gas. He has been adrift in a hallucination. Lucien presses Allen's hand back and forth, both unharmed
43) 5) dialog: David, don't touch anything. We have to write it all down. Bill stands up, woozy. Calls out to David.
44) 0) text: Allen splashes water on his face. In the mirror, he sees David and Lucien in the bedroom. David hands Lucien a TERM PAPER.
44) 1) dialog: It only has to be five pages.
45) 0) text: Lucien flips through the term paper.
45) 1) dialog: You make me too smart, they're gonna suspect something's up. David throws Lucien's coat over his shoulder.
45) 3) dialog: Fuck you. David spots Allen watching from the bathroom.
48) 0) text: A rainstorm beating against the windows. Allen paces as a drunk Lucien knocks off a bottle of wine and reads from Allen's journal.
48) 1) dialog: "The rose that scents the summer air/ grows from my beloved's hair...?"
48) 3) dialog: We have the map. We have the manifesto. We need the work. (suddenly cold) I was wrong. Maybe you're not up for this after all.
48) 6) dialog: Stop! Allen grabs the pages Lucien has been working on: they ar covered in doodles - there's nothing there.
48) 8) dialog: It's complicated.
48) 10) dialog: He's a professor working as a janitor so he can be near his precious Lu-Lu. He is a goddamn fruit who won't let me go.
48) 12) dialog: A queer. This detonates inside Allen. Lucien crashes to his bed. A sits beside.
48) 14) dialog: Right now, I just need you to write us something beautiful. (beat) First thought, best thought.
49) 0) text: Allen at his typewriter. A blank page. Inspired to write something beautiful. We see flashes of the past, snippets of Lucien: their contact, Lucien's smile. Allen searching through their pa All playing in reverse.
49) 1) dialog: Allen in Wonderland. Is it something? He writes the words down. Flash of their past build in a crescendo as he keeps searching, digging through moments, leading to... NOTHING. Allen's blocked. He'll need more help if he's going to get to beautiful.
54) 3) dialog: Let the prisoners come out and play.
58) 0) text: Lucien's door slams open. A sleepless Allen, hair on end, storms into the room, fresh pages in hand.
59) 0) text: 3:00 AM. Allen snoring. Then the sound of the door creaki open. Allen wakes up to see Lucien entering.
59) 1) dialog: What are you, moving in?
59) 3) dialog: I found a real writer. Already a million words under his belt before Columbia.
59) 7) dialog: What am I supposed to do? Newsreels? He spots the piece of paper in Allen's hand.
59) 8) dialog: What's that? Defensive, Allen pockets his poem for Lucien.
59) 10) dialog: If you're going to stay, don't hog the blanket. Lucien closes his eyes. Allen sits up, jealous, his mind spinning. He stares at Lucien.
59) 12) dialog: Once you meet him, you'll see what I mean.
60) 9) dialog: What do you think? Brilliant, no?
60) 11) dialog: It's better than anything you've ever written.
60) 17) dialog: Who's Sammy?
61) 0) text: Lucien drinks from a wine bottle as the three boys stroll Allen trails behind.
61) 3) dialog: It's all true. Jack served in the Merchant Marines.
61) 8) dialog: You two did just fight.
62) 4) dialog: Lu, I don't think he gets what we're trying to do.
62) 9) dialog: First thought, best thought.
62) 19) dialog: You wrote that?
62) 22) dialog: Forget Columbia. Forget Ogden Nash. Here's the plan, boys. We join the Merchant Marines. Sail the world until the war ends. Then jump ship and make it to Paris. For the liberation.
62) 24) dialog: Jack does. It'll be us, together. At the beginning. It'll be the perfect day. A FLOOD-LAMP and HORN shatter the reverie. A COAST GUARD patrol boat has caught them. A megaphone squawks to life.
63) 0) text: Allen, nervous waits outside. Lucien already inside getti reprimanded by the Dean. Allen can hear the conversation through the door. He leans in closer.
64) 0) text: Lucien in a leather-backed chair. The DEAN (40's, sardoni overlooks Lucien's record. Lucien's mother, MARION CARR, fallen matriarch, smokes with dispassion.
64) 2) dialog: Same reason you're here.
64) 4) dialog: Loose Barnard girls. Marion Carr looks at the Dean with a weary smile.
64) 6) dialog: (to Marion) You told him?!
64) 9) dialog: Who said anybody could know anything about anything?!
66) 0) text: In the quiet, Lucien smokes and stares up -- he looks ravaged. A suitcase beside him. Allen approaches, surprised.
66) 3) dialog: You know me now. I'm only good at beginnings.
66) 5) dialog: Best of luck. Allen GRABS Lucien's suitcase and sits beside Lucien. Thi explodes out of him.
66) 7) dialog: Why?
67) 7) dialog: Damn! Shift's over. Jack looks back, shrugs as he walks off with the first pa Lucien groans, plan's 86'd. But Allen sits up.
68) 9) text: Well, you'll have to wait. I can't leave the desk. Allen turns back to Lucien who nods, eggs him on.
68) 14) dialog: Shit!
70) 0) text: Lucien peeks up from behind the desk. Sees Bill staring a him. BILL
70) 1) text: Go! Lucien races into the stacks after Allen.
71) 2) text: I'm sorry, I thought you were saying something but not saying it. Should we find your book? THROUGH A GAP IN THE STACKS: Allen sees Lucien, pointing the KEYS in her grip. Realizing what he has to do. ALLEN
71) 4) text: Really? Gwendolyn sets down the keys. Undoes her cardigan. Lucien nabs the keys and races up the stacks.
72) 0) text: Lucien hands the keys to Bill. Bill PLACES it into a clay molding and makes an impression. GWENDOLYN (O.S.)
74) 0) text: Shots of the darkened church-like building. Deserted. Timeless. LUCIEN (O.S.)
75) 0) text: The light from the boys' flashlights SLICES through the d as they enter into the library through a heavy door. Bill reaches into Jack's mouth and takes the chewing gum inside it. Jack shoots a glare at him - what the hell? Bill presses the sticky gum into the strike plate of the -- blocking the door from being able to close shut. The boys look at each other, give each other the silent n then split -- Lucien and Jack sneak off to the main hall, Bill and Allen up to the stacks. Behind them, the chewing gum slips, falls from the strike plate. The door shuts. And LOCKS.
77) 0) text: Jack and Lucien unscrew the glass from the VITRINES encas the historic books and manuscripts we saw earlier.
80) 0) text: Jack and Lucien jolt as the alarm goes off, look up from vitrines to each other. What is going on up there?
83) 0) text: Allen, carrying the restricted books, runs up to Jack and Lucien at the vitrines which are now wide open and empty. JACK
83) 1) text: (whispered) What just happened? Jack and Lucien grab the books from Allen and start to se them in the cases. The alarm suddenly STOPS. SECURITY GUARD (O.S.)
83) 2) text: We know you're here! The footsteps of the guards approach. Game over. Their wo not done, the boys RACE back to the door they came throug All EXCEPT LUCIEN. He ducks behind the vitrine, hiding. H clicks off his flashlight. The guards ENTER the main hall, searching for the culprit
84) 1) text: What the hell, Bill? It's locked! No way out. Allen turns, notices Lucien is missing.
85) 0) text: The guards step right past Lucien and STOP. Lucien ducks, rounds to the side of the case. GUARD
86) 3) text: Wait. Lucien. Allen turns and sees Lucien, still furiously working, boo under his arm. Jack shakes his head, follows Bill and races out the door Alone, Allen RUNS back to Lucien who is madly placing the books in the vitrines. He is a man possessed. ALLEN
86) 4) text: Lu that's enough. Come on! What's wrong with you? LUCIEN
86) 5) text: (deadly serious) No. Not yet, we have to finish. A FLASHLIGHT finds them. Allen and Lucien, caught. The gu pull out BILLY CLUBS. SECURITY GUARD
86) 6) text: Don't move. It's over. The guards GRAB Lucien. Drag him by the collar. But Allen flees, breaks free. Lucien struggles, enraged. LUCIEN
90) 0) text: The room PLUNGES into complete darkness. Lucien realizes: this is his moment. He wriggles out of his coat and RUNS. Allen JOINS him and two, reunited, run around the corner. The guards give chase.
91) 0) text: Allen and Lucien race into the vestibule between the door leading out to the city -- and the doors back into the library. Lucien presses against the exit doors: they're locked. The GUARDS turn the corner, see the boys stuck between th two sets of doors. Allen blocks the library doors with his shoulder. The gua POUND on the door. A SOUND from outside: the padlock unlocking. Suddenly: th exit door opens. It's Jack and Bill, with lock-picking ge in hand. They YANK Allen and Lucien out.
95) 0) text: Four shot glasses. Four hands. LUCIEN
95) 1) text: To literacy. Allen, Bill, Jack and Lucien throw back their drinks in celebration. The Mills Brothers "You Always Hurt The One You Love" on jukebox plays over this lazy, drunken afternoon. Allen's eyes scan the wall above them, Columbia's "Hall o Fame": newspaper headlines, yearbook photos... ALLEN
95) 3) text: Yep. Last year. They still won. LUCIEN
95) 4) text: Look at them! And we do: we see FLASHES of the photos: ribbon-cuttings, team-photos, graduations: life in a thousand fake smiles stagings. LUCIEN
95) 7) text: What's he doing here? David walks briskly over to Lucien. DAVID
95) 11) text: I think he can speak for himself. LUCIEN
95) 12) text: Yup. And he says we should all have another round... Lucien stands up to get a drink. David grabs his arm. Luc tries to push him off. DAVID
95) 15) text: Did he use that "Bastille" line? Cause I gave it to him. Allen, Jack and Bill look at Lucien, shocked. LUCIEN
95) 16) text: I haven't seen you for days. David throws down Lucien's cravat to the table. The one w remember him wearing when we first met him in the library private power move. DAVID
95) 20) text: You little fink! Lucien explodes at David. LUCIEN
95) 23) text: Yeah. (to Lucien) Cut him off. Lucien gives David a fatal look. LUCIEN
95) 25) text: Excuse me? LUCIEN
95) 26) text: We are over. Leave. Lucien spindles the paper and plunges it into a beer. Dav in shock, begins to shatter in front of them. DAVID
95) 27) text: Look at me, Lu. Tears well in David's eyes. Lucien sits back down, ignore him. Bill stands up, tries to lead David away. BILL
95) 32) text: Shut up, traitor. He turns sharply to Lucien saying loud enough so everyone hear. DAVID
95) 33) text: You'd be dead if it weren't for me! Lucien totally dead cold. Allen, unsure what David is tal about. David turns and rushes outside and Bill follows hi Alone with Allen and Jack, Lucien suddenly smiles as if nothing just happened, puts his arm around Allen. LUCIEN
96) 1) text: And...go! Jack crouched inside an empty barrel. Trashed, Lucien kic the barrel down a grassy slope. Allen and Lucien cheer Jack on as the barrel bangs down t slope. But then it swerves, SLAMS into a bench. At the to the slope, Lucien and Allen look on in shock. LUCIEN
96) 2) text: Jack? Jack? (no response) He broke his fucking neck. The warrior poet has passed on. Jack staggers from out of the barrel. Throws his hands in air victoriously. Allen and Lucien cheer him on. ALLEN
96) 3) text: No, he lives! LUCIEN
96) 7) text: All right Ginsy, your turn. Drunk, Allen tries to stand up. But then falls right back down. Lucien laughs, tucks his body next to Allen's. LUCIEN
96) 8) text: This is just the beginning, you know. Lucien lays his head against Allen's shoulder. LUCIEN
96) 9) text: Your fault, Ginsy. It's all your fault. Lucien's thigh brushes against Allen's. Allen stares at Lucien, in the full glare of Lucien's war Allen looks around. The park is empty. Building up the courage. ALLEN
96) 10) text: First thought, best thought. He grazes his hand against Lucien's inner thigh. Lucien l down at Allen's hand curiously, then back at Allen. The decisive moment. Allen leans over. Kisses him. It bui in passion. Lucien pulls back, unsure. Then returns the kiss. It buil in passion. Everything Allen had hoped for, lensed into a moment. JACK (O.S.)
96) 11) text: I think I just puked on the inside. Lucien opens his eyes to notice Jack stumbling up the slo He tenses, pulls away from Allen. The moment has been shattered. As if nothing just happened, Lucien stands and looks at J with his usual devilish smile. LUCIEN
96) 14) text: Wait, Al, you coming? Lucien glares at Allen. LUCIEN
96) 16) text: Excuse me? LUCIEN
97) 0) text: Lucien and Jack stumble into Jack's apartment. Edie sits GRANDMA FRANKIE (90s, stone-faced) around the living room table, listening to the news on the radio. We hear there' been an attack in Anzio. JACK
97) 1) text: Edie! Edie bird! Lucien looks at Edie's stone-cold face. She's pissed. He turns right back around. LUCIEN
98) 0) text: Edie's gone. The apartment is quiet. Lucien and Jack, cra out on Jack's bed. The sound of a strange KNOCKING against a window outside. Lucien wakes up. Sees Jack still asleep. He rises to investigate.
99) 0) text: Lucien sees David, desperate, alone, on the fire escape. Lucien can't believe this. He opens the window.
99) 3) text: Lu, where are you? Lucien stares down David. LUCIEN
99) 4) text: I'm going back to bed. Another word and I call the police. Lucien turns around and leaves David alone at the sill. F inside the living room, David hears a MEOW. He spots Jack's cat KIT KAT looking up at him.
102) 1) text: It's okay. Shhh. (turns to Lucien)
102) 4) text: I'll wring his fucking neck. LUCIEN's P.O.V.: Jack's Merchant Marine duffel bag that E has fully packed for him. LUCIEN
103) 0) text: Allen sits at a table at the library he just broke into a robbed. But now he's just another student sitting at a st desk. He puts in a blank page in the typewriter before him and types: "On The Decline of the West. By..." He hesitates, breaking down in tears. Then finishes typing: "Lucien Carr."
104) 0) text: Lucien, in a Merchant Marine uniform, packs his clothes i a sailor's duffel bag. Allen enters, type-written pages i hand. ALLEN
104) 1) text: Your paper and my apology. Allen hands Lucien the paper he wrote for him. But Lucien doesn't take it. Allen registers that he's packing. ALLEN
104) 2) text: Where are you going? LUCIEN
104) 3) text: Sailing out. To Paris. Lucien grabs his BOY-SCOUT KNIFE. Puts it in his pocket. Allen is speechless.
104) 6) text: You weren't going to tell me? LUCIEN
104) 7) text: We both know why you can't come. Silence. Lucien continues his packing. Allen breaks down. ALLEN
104) 8) text: Fuck you. You're a phony. You got me and Jack and Bill making your vision come true. All because you couldn't do it yourself. LUCIEN
104) 10) text: You don't really mean that. LUCIEN
104) 11) text: (cold, deadened) Allen. Leave. Allen gathers himself, stumbles out the door. Leaving the friendship behind. Alone, Lucien cracks, breaking down as he closes his suitcase.
105) 0) text: Allen crosses through the courtyard, heading to class. He comes upon David, waiting for Lucien. Pale. Distraught. DAVID
106) 0) text: Jack and Lucien in a long line of young soldiers waiting ship out. Lucien nips at a flask. They reach the front of line. A BILLETING OFFICER calls out to them. BILLETING OFFICER
106) 1) text: Lemme see your papers. LUCIEN
106) 2) text: Two seamen, reporting for duty. Jack tries not to laugh, hands over his paperwork. The officer points to Lucien. BILLETING OFFICER
106) 3) text: What's your name? LUCIEN
106) 5) text: Go upstairs to get on the docket. LUCIEN
106) 8) text: Goddamn son of a bitch! LUCIEN
106) 9) text: Let me handle this. Lucien holds Jack back, rushes up to David. LUCIEN
106) 11) text: Listen, I spoke to a guy upstairs. I got two passes. I packed for both of us. We can leave. LUCIEN
106) 13) text: Then you and Jack take them. I'll catch up. Lucien considers this, then makes a fateful decision. LUCIEN
107) 0) text: Allen, wrecked, walks into the bar where he first drank w Lucien. He sees an older man eyeing him and sits down, terrified. ALLEN
109) 1) text: Lu? Allen races to him. The man turns and Allen's heart sinks is a SAILOR, a distant echo of Lucien. The Sailor eyes Allen gently, seductively. Allen walks up to him.
113) 0) text: Lucien walks, guzzles from his flask. David follows. They visibly arguing. SAMMY (V.O.)
116) 0) text: Lucien throws his flask into the woods, LASHES out at Dav
119) 0) text: David LUNGES for Lucien and Lucien throws him off, spins away. He pulls out his Boy Scout knife. David stares at Lucien, stunned.
121) 0) text: Lucien STABS David, plunges the blade into his chest.
127) 0) text: Allen steps out in a bathrobe, to see a POLICEMAN and a DETECTIVE whispering outside Lucien's room. POLICEMAN
127) 2) text: We have two in custody. We're still getting names. Allen makes his way down the hall. Custody? What happened Lucien? DETECTIVE
130) 0) text: The BLARE of a prison horn. A guard opens a heavy gate an Allen walks onto the hall of cells. It's a long, dank wal Allen spots Lucien in a small unremarkable cell, behind b reading. Allen can't believe he's here. Lucien sits up from his cot and rushes to the bars. LUCIEN
130) 1) text: Allen, thank God. Allen's skeptical face makes Lucien change tactics. ALLEN
130) 2) text: How could you? LUCIEN
130) 5) text: You could have run. Called the police. Lucien looks Allen fiercely in the eye. LUCIEN
130) 6) text: Listen. Somehow he found me at the Marine Hall. Allen looks away, realizing he is potentially complicit. LUCIEN
131) 0) text: Lucien drops the bloody Boy Scout knife down a grate. Jac stands guard. LUCIEN (O.S.)
132) 0) text: LUCIEN (O.S.)
132) 1) text: But then I went to Bill. He told me to get a lawyer. Bill fingering David's pack of Lucky Strikes in his bathr David's blood on his hand. LUCIEN (O.S.)
132) 2) text: To say it was an act of self- defense. Lucien watches Bill light one of the bloody cigarettes an inhale. The last flare of his friend.
133) 0) text: Lucien, desperate, at the bars of his cell. LUCIEN
133) 1) text: The D.A. is asking for my deposition. In writing. Allen shakes his head, there's no way he's going to do th LUCIEN
133) 2) text: (pleading) We both know I can't do it. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going to be stuck in here for the rest of my life! Allen, still unsure. Lucien slides his hand down the bars until it touches Allen's. Pleads seductively. LUCIEN
133) 4) text: I'll do it. Lucien, smiling. Leans in, whispers. LUCIEN
136) 0) text: Marion Carr taking down Lucien's dorm room, packing her s belongings into the same suitcase he tried to run away wi before. MARION CARR
136) 1) text: You must understand David has been following him for years. Allen, smoking nervously from Lucien's bed, watching all traces of Lucien being torn down.
136) 3) text: When Lucien went to Bowdoin, David appeared out of thin air. So I sent Lu to Chicago. Allen registers the reference from Lucien's conversation the Dean, a dim clue. Marion goes back to packing. MARION CARR
136) 4) text: Surprise, David turned up there too. Then, when Lucien wanted to go to Mexico, guess who had a car idling in the driveway? ALLEN
136) 6) text: He spun a web to ensnare my son. That's why I brought him here. A lot of good that did. Marion finds Lucien's cravat, quickly folds it, hides it the suitcase. Allen notices. ALLEN
137) 8) text: David was my friend. But he's dead. And did Lucien tell you how he died? Allen shakes his head. He has no idea.
138) 0) text: The moment right after Lucien stabbed David. What we have seen yet. The story continues. David trembles on the ground, bleeding from the knife wou Lucien stands above, realizing what just happened. Car headlamps swipe across Lucien's face. Terrified, Luci scans the park for witnesses. BILL (O.S.)
138) 1) text: He might not have wanted you to know, Allen. He tied David up. Lucien DRAGS David's body from the park under a railing t the shoreline. He unties his shoes, LASHES David's hands together with t shoelaces. Ties them tight. David groans and gurgles blood. Still very much ALIVE. Lucien rustles through David's pockets -- pulls out anyth side. He tosses David's pack of Lucky Strike cigarettes, speckled with blood - to the sand. Lucien collects stones from the riverbank, STUFFS them in David's pockets. BILL (O.S.)
138) 2) text: He put stones in his pockets to weigh him down. Lucien panics, looks around. He takes off his Merchant Ma clothes. Fully naked, he drags a bound David into the dar waters of the Hudson River. David moans and struggles but is no match for Lucien. BILL (O.S.)
138) 5) text: David was alive, Allen, until Lucien made him drown. The sound of a door slamming open brings us...
142) 0) text: Books LEAP into Bill's hands and he places them back on t shelves. Allen UNSUTURES the pages of books, returning back to the original condition. Lucien TAP nails out of the wall handing the pages back t Allen. Allen scouring his memories, just like when he wrote his earlier. Time runs in reverse.
143) 0) text: Allen searches through the steamer trunk of the apartment Nothing. He ruffles through the console table. Again noth He notices David's SUITCASE. The one David packed before planning on leaving by boat with Lucien. Allen opens it. He digs through it, searching for some cl any clue -- something to shed light on the past. He pulls out a pile of clothes and underneath them...a bo It's a copy of Yeats' A VISION, covered in notes. It's David's. It's the same edition of the copy that Lucien showed Alle his room.
145) 0) text: Allen opening the book to find the legend that Lucien onc showed him, the picture of Yeats's WHEEL. A stack of PAPERS fall from the book. Allen rifles throug them. And finds a faded pink hospital "ADMIT" form. Cook County Hospital, Chicago. March 1943. He scans down the page: "Carr, Lucien. Suicide Attempt. G Inhalation. Admitting Person: D. Kammerer." At the bottom, the form reads "Next of Kin." Beside is the name: David Kammerer. Below, Allen sees POSTCARDS, PHOTOS. Photos of the beach, Lucien and David, reclining together. It's their trip to Mexico. In photo, the two of them, posing for the camera together Smiling. Looking very much like a couple in love. Lucien's signature red CRAVAT hangs around David's neck. On the backside, written by hand is: LUCIEN (V.O.)
146) 0) text: INSERT: A photo of Lucien in The New York Times.
148) 0) text: Late night. Allen, back at the typewriter where he wrote poem for Lucien. He inserts a blank page. The task before him feels huge. The events of the night in question -- the night of David murder -- ravels and unravels in his mind's eye.
149) 0) text: Time now runs forward, to the inevitable. We watch Lucien David walking once more of the night of the murder. But t time we hear their argument. Lucien, drunk, tosses his fl into the bushes. David follows him, desperate. DAVID
149) 2) text: But this secret ate away at you. LUCIEN
149) 5) text: How can you say that? You know that's not true. Lucien stops short. Stares hard at David. DAVID
149) 7) text: He rescued you. He saved your life. LUCIEN
149) 8) text: You're pathetic. Lucien walks on, but David lunges for him. They struggle. Lucien throws David off, spins free from his grasp, pulls his Boy Scout knife from his pocket. The two men face each other.
149) 10) text: You needed him as much as he needed you. The bare blade FLASHES between them. David, looking at th knife, shocked that their relationship has come to this. looks back up at Lucien. DAVID
149) 11) text: Now I know how you felt. LUCIEN
149) 13) text: When you wanted to die. David takes a step, closing the gap between him and the knife. Daring Lucien to strike. DAVID
149) 14) text: Do it. Lucien moves forward. The gap narrows. Just inches away f each other. David steps forward onto the blade. Lucien does not back David gasps, notices the knife deep in his chest to the h Blood pumps from the gash. Lucien frees the knife. Then pulls back and STABS David a second time. With malice. And again. Plunges the blade into his chest. He grinds th knife into David even further.. DAVID
151) 0) text: Out in the Hudson River, Lucien cradles David's dying bod his arms. David looks up at Lucien, his last moment of li The opening shot of the film. ALLEN (V.O.)
151) 1) text: And if you try to let them go... David's eyes CLOSE. Lucien releases David out into the current. ALLEN (V.O.)
152) 0) text: From his cell, Lucien Carr finishes reading Allen's DEPOSITION. LUCIEN
152) 1) text: Or they destroy you. We have returned to the opening scene of the movie. Lucie crumples the paper in his hand. LUCIEN
152) 2) text: You can't show this to anyone. Allen stares at Lucien defiantly through the bars. ALLEN
152) 3) text: Then tell the truth, Lu. LUCIEN
152) 6) text: You wanted him gone too. You sent him to me. Allen SNATCHES the manuscript -- it's a tug of war throug the bars. LUCIEN (CONT'D)
152) 7) text: Please. You'll kill me with that. Allen yanks the paper from Lucien's grip. He heads toward the exit of the prison. Desperate, Lucien calls out after him. LUCIEN
154) 0) text: From his prison bed, Lucien stares down the cellblock, hopeless. His eyes alight on his sheets.
156) 0) text: ...the same circle finds Lucien as he RIPS the bedsheet i strips. Frantic...
158) 0) text: ...Lucien fashions a noose around his neck. He ties the s to one of the cell bars. We glide past him back to...
160) 0) text: ...the circling suddenly STOPS at Lucien as the knot on t noose catches. He is hanging, choking, desperate to die a yet fighting for life. But the knot on the cell bars releases. Lucien FALLS to t ground. Alive.
162) 0) text: Allen's manuscript HITS the Dean's desk. The deposition's title page now reads "The Night in Quest by Allen Ginsberg." It's been refashioned into a novella. Allen sits in the same chair where Lucien was reprimanded Professor Steeves sits silently beside the Dean at his de DEAN
163) 4) text: This is the end of a long darkness. France and Europe are finally free. Crowds ERUPT in whistles and cheers. Allen takes it in. T moment Lucien had dreamed of.
165) 2) text: And like all lovers and sad people The camera then pans past Allen, up and across the old college photos on the wall. We find a framed newspaper article on the Columbia's foot team's latest victory. In the corner of the article, we see a familiar face. As we move closer, we can read the edge of the headline reads: "HONOR SLAYING." The face belongs to Lucien Carr, staring down, frozen in time. Lucien is now on the wall.