8) 16) dialog: The Victorian sonnet has the balance of three tenets.
9) 0) text: Patrician, old-guard PROFESSOR STEEVES lectures on the fi day of class, Allen dutifully taking notes in his journal
9) 2) dialog: Rhyme, meter, conceit. Without this balance, a poem becomes slack, sloppy. An untucked shirt. Allen disagrees and raises his hand.
9) 4) dialog: Say more. Two more sentences.
9) 6) dialog: What's your name?
9) 8) dialog: Ginsberg? Your father perhaps is the poet Louis Ginsberg? Allen nods.
9) 9) dialog: He writes rhyming, metered verse. Why do you think he chose that form? All eyes on Allen.
9) 11) dialog: This university exists because of tradition and form. Would you rather this building be built by engineers or Whitman and his boys at play?
9) 13) dialog: There can be no creation before imitation. The other students take note. Allen sighs, follows suit. the back row, Lucien watches Allen and unsheathes a grin.
37) 0) text: Professor Steeves lecturing before the class.
37) 1) dialog: And so while Shakespeare... He notices Allen's empty seat. Unhappy.
37) 2) dialog: All right. The MUSIC builds again as...
46) 1) dialog: Kill your darlings.
47) 0) text: Professor Steeves, intent, in front of the class.
47) 1) dialog: Your crushes, your juvenile metaphysics. None of them belong on the page. It is the first principle of good creative work. A work of fiction you will deliver as your final exam. He sees Allen, badly hungover and brooding, writing in a journal. Ignoring class.
47) 2) dialog: Oh look. Whitman Jr. graced us with his presence today.
47) 4) dialog: "The New Vision. Extraordinary men propel us forward. It is our duty to break the law." (to Allen) Fantastic.
47) 6) dialog: You want life? You want the world on fire? Steeves motions to the door. Then to Allen.
47) 7) dialog: The war awaits. What will it be? Steeves tosses the journal back down on Allen's desk. Allen looks down at the "New Vision", ashamed.
162) 0) text: Allen's manuscript HITS the Dean's desk. The deposition's title page now reads "The Night in Quest by Allen Ginsberg." It's been refashioned into a novella. Allen sits in the same chair where Lucien was reprimanded Professor Steeves sits silently beside the Dean at his de DEAN
162) 1) text: No, please tell me. Professor Steeves says you submitted it as your final. Allen, nervous in the chair. DEAN
162) 4) text: You've taken incompletes in two classes. And you are already on academic probation. There are rules you agreed to upon admittance into this university. And you have managed to break and keep breaking them. You don't seem to have much respect for this institution. So you may either retract this fiction as your final. Or you may choose to be expelled. What will it be? Professor Steeves eyes Allen. ALLEN