1) 0) text: Huge crowds line the street, cheering on TWENTY EXOTIC VEHICLES waiting at the starting line. A MOTORBIKE straight from Road Warrior idles on the outsi lane. Most of the other racers are in STOCK CARS, every driver wearing the same helmet. These are SIXERS, we’ll get back to them later. Interspersed with the Sixers are vehicles of every variet And when I say every variety I mean that some of them are cars, and some of them are hover craft, and one of them i BLIMP with a jet engine on it. Their drivers are every size, shape and color, too. They called GUNTERS. That too will be on the quiz. The closer we get to the West Side of 7th Avenue, the mor Gunters there are. The second to last car is probably the most bad-ass of the lot, a replica of DECKARD’S SPINNER f BLADE RUNNER. AECH, a handsome guy with the shoulders of a linebacker, checks the OVERSIZED ENGINE strapped to the roof.
1) 2) dialog: No. Designed it myself, actually. Bad ass, right?
1) 6) dialog: It says you’re delusional, Z. I’m in the two spot. No way you get farther.
1) 9) dialog: First to the egg. And they get in their cars.
2) 3) text: Dumbasses. You don’t start from the outside lanes. He catches up with Aech, and, as they HANG a LEFT on 45th street, he cuts past him on the inside. Parzival’s winning. For now.
3) 0) text: Parzival hangs a RIGHT on 8th Avenue and puts the pedal t the floor. On every block, a different obstacle emerges, each time another driver is taken out. SINKHOLES open at street, a MANIAC WITH A FLAMETHROWER sprays the intersect at 50th street, and at 54th street... A T-REX stomps out into the street and Parzival nimbly swerves between its legs, just as its massive jaws POP TH BLIMP. It’s not your typical street race. EXT. 57TH STREET —- CONTINUOUS Parzival turns right at 57th to get back over to Seventh Avenue, and now AECH suddenly BOMBS OUT OF NOWHERE and PA HIM. He flips Parzival the bird as he makes a left back onto seventh. Parzival settles in behind him. Up ahead, a few blocks away, is CENTRAL PARK. But before that is 58th street. The whole block is in an exaggerated state of construction, like an obstacle cours leading up to A COLLAPSING CRANE. It’s all a matter of timing and angle to get past the collapsing crane, and Aech tries to take it AS SHARP AND FAST as he can. He clears the falling CRANE, but he’s going too fast. He SKIDS OUT, and his car FLIPS OVER. A MOMENT LATER, Parzival DRIFTS PAST HIM, going just a bi slower. His DeLorean SKIDS, but he makes the turn.
3) 4) dialog: I’m telling you, it’s rigged.
3) 6) dialog: No other explanation. Their conversation is interrupted by the ROAR OF AN ENGIN They turn to see the ROAD WARRIOR MOTORBIKE ZOOM PAST THE seemingly headed straight for the truck, which now has th street completely blocked off.
3) 7) dialog: This should be ugly. The MOTORBIKE suddenly veers off the street and INTO THE CONSTRUCTION ZONE. It plows over cones, then hits a stret of BROKEN SIDEWALK, one piece angled UP, and RAMPS OFF IT
4) 0) text: THE ROAD WARRIOR BIKE speeds towards camera, fifty yards from the park entrance. The driver is stoic, completely focused, absolutely determined to make it, and that’s whe A METEOR (yes, I’m serious, a meteor) plunges from the sk and slams into the street. The RIDER has to BAIL OUT as t BIKE slams into the smoking rock and EXPLODES. EXT. CENTRAL PARK —- CONTINUOUS Parzival and Aech run up to the wreckage. The RIDER emerg from the smoke, whipping off her helmet, revealing...
4) 2) dialog: You almost made the park, you realize how huge that is?
4) 7) dialog: (interrupting) What he means is, we’re big fans. We've read your stuff, seen your channel...
4) 10) dialog: No. (to Z, under his breath) Dude, act like you’ve met a girl before.
4) 14) dialog: My socially inept friend here was the first to 49th, first to 55th...
4) 22) dialog: The Iron Giant? Yeah, just got the commission for it. No big deal. Artemis checks out the surface of the enormous, stylized robot. The unfinished parts of it are still a 3D grid.
4) 24) dialog: (shrugging) It’s mostly about getting the right skins, what you can license, you know? Like Matrix, Matrix kids, forget it, but Star Wars, Marvel, Dark Knight, the classic Ridley Scotts...
4) 26) dialog: Pre-Jurassic is a bitch.
4) 28) dialog: Yeah, tough to find.
4) 31) dialog: Oh, yeah, handling is an issue. I mean you can’t build a Giant Robot and have it ride like a Buick Regal.
4) 36) dialog: So you're checking my private Gunter stash - where's the quid pro quo? (off her look) The jump. Artemis debates whether or not to tell them.
4) 38) dialog: Exactly. That’s what I’ve been saying.
4) 41) dialog: The challenge is unwinnable. It’s designed to drive us nuts.
4) 44) dialog: No way, he never made mistakes.
4) 48) dialog: We’re gunters. “First to the key...”
4) 51) dialog: Thank you, I’ve told him a million times we'd be better off working together. But Z thinks the only way someone wins is solo.
4) 56) dialog: (aside, to Artemis) He gets a little touchy about the whole Halliday thing, thinks they have some sort of bond.
13) 3) dialog: S'up, Z? AECH now appears in a window in a close-up, clearly real footage. Wherever he is it’s loud and dusty, and bursts o smoke and gunfire make it difficult to see and hear.
13) 5) dialog: I'm trying to win the musket of infinite velocity.
15) 2) dialog: The South. But also Aliens. And the Roman Legion, I think. Aech is on the Union side, a musket with one hand, and a futuristic BLASTER in the other.
15) 4) dialog: Wish I could. 19. As he moves across the field, Aech shoots an Alien with h musket, then a Confederate soldier with his blaster. As t explode, their COINS shower to the ground. A VACUUM TUBE Aech’s shoulder sucks them right into his inventory.
15) 5) dialog: This sesh has got another five hours, minimum. DAMNIT! Aech just got winged in the ribs by an enchanted ARROW.
16) 0) text: Aech’s window disappears, so Parzival toggles his HUD to navigation.
31) 0) text: The DeLorean SPINS OUT and ends up facing forward RIGHT A BETHESDA FOUNTAIN. Parzival gets out. As he walks towards the fountain, he c AECH up in a video-chat window.
31) 1) dialog: What’s up 2?
31) 3) dialog: Where are you?
31) 5) dialog: WAIT. Bethesda Fountain? No. Oh my god. Dude! You made it! 30. As Parzival walks around the fountain, interference cause his HUD to disappear, hanging up on Aech. Probably becaus he’s so close to...
32) 0) text: Aech is standing on a distant planet, impatiently waiting a TRANSPORT SPOT to open up. A BRILLIANT LIGHT IN THE SKY draws his attention. It’s the scoreboard! There’s a name at the top now... Parzival. If Aech had programmed his avatar to cry, it wo
33) 0) text: Artemis is in a private chat room -- unlike Aech’s, it is austere and functional -- with her GUNTER CLAN. Conversat is hushed, secretive. Then a KNOCK at the door startles t everyone pulls their weapons (various guns and blasters a knives). Artemis checks the peephole. It’s one of her clan members excitedly knocking on the door.
41) 0) text: Aech’s Spaceship rockets through the Oasis, away from the galaxy’s center towards the less populated rim.
41) 1) dialog: I like your facial expressions. Much more detailed. INT. AECH’S SPACESHIP Aech and Parzival are hanging in the cockpit of Aech’s sw ride, talking about Wade’s new Shaptic Brand Bootsuit.
41) 3) dialog: Yeah, but was it worth it? Those rigs are pricey.
41) 5) dialog: Worth it! Changed my mind. 37. Aech gives Parzival a triple-slap high-five, which in the 2040's is the cool way to do it. EXT. VENDOR’S MOON -- Aech’s spaceship descends towards a MOON that looks like is made entirely from WOOD. INT. VENDOR’S WORKSHOP - DAY In the center of an enormous space that makes the warehou at the end of Raiders look like a closet, a man known onl the VENDOR (played by DAVID CROSS because literally, this a David Cross branded avatar, with maximum sarcasm enable constructs a personalized PLANET, MADONNA’S 100th BIRTHDA WORLD. He uses his right hand to shape and mold, his left to add texture and color. Bits of color and pixels of matter fal the ground like glitter. He finishes off an ERUPTING VOLCANO and places it in the center of an ocean. Without turning around...
41) 7) dialog: Hey man, someone I want you...
41) 9) dialog: I'm working...
41) 11) dialog: (quickly) This is Parzival! 38.
48) 4) dialog: (not looking up) You told her.
48) 6) dialog: You told her! I can’t believe you told her.
48) 8) dialog: Have you seen the board? Artemis is on it. Aech snaps open a window. A live feed of The Scoreboard reveals Artemis’s name in the number two position.
48) 10) dialog: That’s not why you gave her the clue. Man, I can’t believe it. What happened to “Guy Friend before Female you want to Date”? And how much have I helped you?
48) 13) dialog: I don’t want it, okay? I’1l figure it out on my own. Parzival’s call alert starts beeping. He’s too embarrasse answer it.
48) 14) dialog: Well? You just gonna let it ring?
48) 16) dialog: It’s her, isn’t it? Don’t be a tool, answer it.
48) 18) dialog: 
48) 20) dialog: She could be using you, in fact SHE could actually be a HE. Think about that. Parzival frowns, he hadn’t thought of that.
52) 0) text: Parzival watches in disgust as the THIRD SLOT on the scoreboard changes to the name “NOLAN SORRENTO”. Feeling guilty, Parzival pulls up Aech in his contacts. There’s no response, so Parzival leaves a message.
59) 0) text: A rail runs along the edge of a deck that hangs in the up atmosphere. Wind whips furiously, and we reveal Parzival standing on the edge. He looks ready to jump. He sees Aech approaching.
59) 2) dialog: I looked deep in my heart and realized, you’re my best friend. How can I stay angry? Aech looks over the edge. It’s at least ten thousand feet the ground. 56.
59) 3) dialog: Plus, you sounded kind of bummed when we talked.
60) 0) text: Parzival free-falls. A moment later, Aech joins him.
60) 1) dialog: So you gotta move out?
60) 3) dialog: That’s rough. How'd it go with the girl? Parzival shakes his head.
60) 6) dialog: You don't get to choose your family. But I'm your friend, even in the R.W. So if you need help, you call me, okay? Parzival looks over at Aech. Despite the fact that he loo like a linebacker and is falling through space at high sp he can see the sincerity behind his words.
60) 8) dialog: Now pull your ripcord. They pull their chutes.
61) 0) text: Parzival and Aech leave the RED BULL GLUTEN-PACKED ENERGY LEAP, the promotional jump they just tested out.
61) 1) dialog: So this wasn’t it. The second challenge.
61) 3) dialog: I've tried like ten different famous jumps.
61) 5) dialog: Meaning?
61) 7) dialog: Need a lift? Parzival shakes his head. AECH throws him the gunter salu
61) 8) dialog: Cheer up, dude. You’re still on the board. AECH’S SHIP BLASTS OFF And once it does... A GROUP OF SIXERS ARE REVEALED, five of them, with one ve familiar leader, recognizable even through the smoke. 58.
74) 3) dialog: Enhance. Despite looking like a real map, the image ZOOMS IN. Aech refers to a few different MARKED LOCATIONS where “The Lea might be.
74) 4) dialog: Gotta be the Brooklyn Bridge.
74) 6) dialog: Z! I was worried about you, man. He and Z do their elaborate high-five move. The one that really is cool. Aech nods to Artemis, somewhat less enthused. The feeling mutual.
74) 8) dialog: (nods ) They’re here. SHOTO and DAITO step forward.
74) 12) dialog: I’m on the run. 73. Parzival turns to Shoto and Daito.
74) 25) dialog: So spill, where’s the jump?
74) 27) dialog: Skeptical, but intrigued.
75) 20) dialog: (catching his drift) “Do Androids dream of electric sheep...” Right. I mean, you forget because he says it was a bomb...
75) 23) dialog: You think this is the clue to the key?
78) 0) text: HARRISON FORD as Deckard sits at his counter seat at the noodle parlor. People speak crazy polyglot languages. It literally -- Blade Runner. 78. Parzival, Aech, Artemis, Shoto and Daito suddenly appear the middle of the crowded street.
78) 2) dialog: It’s the immersive cut. (looking around) Think it’s the Oculus Criterion Edition.
78) 4) dialog: We're what, eight minutes in?
79) 0) text: Parzival, Artemis and Aech hide in a side alley.
79) 3) dialog: We're replicants, the bad guys.
79) 5) dialog: Whatever dude, split hairs.
80) 0) text: Parzival, Artemis, and Aech walk through the office build from the opening scene, the one with the ceiling fans and atmospheric smoke. A wall suddenly appears between them, separating them.
82) 3) dialog: Damn, you guys beat me? AECH appears on the scoreboard too.
83) 7) dialog: Nice moves back there.
83) 13) dialog: What do you think, some sort of key trick?
83) 16) dialog: Whatever, we've got time to figure it out, right? More music! Aech throws another track on, “My Sharona.” They all star dancing again.
85) 0) text: Reveal Wade, slipping out one of the windows of the Reb house, backpack over his shoulder, whispering to Aech ove headset.
85) 1) dialog: Course. Just say it. Wade lands on the ground. He heads towards the lights in distance.
85) 4) dialog: Yeah, I’m here. Not that far, maybe two hours. I’1ll come get you.
85) 6) dialog: I know. Just don’t forget that, okay? When you meet me. Aech hangs up, leaving Wade wondering what he meant. 88.
88) 2) dialog: Hi Wade. Wade turns to see a heavyset African American girl, about Wade's age, with short kinky hair.
88) 4) dialog: I’m Helen. My Dad called me “Aech” and it stuck. Wade is shocked.
88) 6) dialog: Ugh. I knew you’d be mad. Grab a seat. Wade barely has time to sit down before Aech peels out.
90) 1) dialog: So what is it, that I’m a girl? Or Black? Maybe I’m heavy, is that it?
90) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah. Well, I’m a lesbian.
90) 7) dialog: I’m sorry I wasn’t honest with you. 90.
90) 9) dialog: We keep it moving. Stay one step ahead. We’re rigged up for five if we need it... She taps what looks like a radar detector on her dash.
90) 10) dialog: Got my 40G wifi hotspot, fully encrypted.
90) 12) dialog: What happened with Artemis?
90) 14) dialog: But you love her?
90) 16) dialog: That’s the spirit.
92) 5) dialog: Dude, there's a thousand Anorak's Castles.
92) 8) dialog: Sorrento’s got the second key!
92) 12) dialog: Excuse me?
95) 12) dialog: Course he did. He’s in full haptic feedback, he can’t tell where he is.
95) 15) dialog: Yeah, missed a spot or two. Aech points on one of the monitors. THE BACK OF SORRENTO’ HEAD is unfinished.
97) 2) dialog: Semi-bad news. Wade turns back to Aech, who has finished analyzing the I force field.
97) 3) dialog: The Force Field is from a spell in Gauntlet 2027, Magic and Physics proof. We can un-cast it, but only if we’re in close proximity.
97) 5) dialog: Yeah, but we better hustle. Aech refers to another monitor, a live feed from a gunter clan... OUTSIDE IOI HQ -- the SIXER ARMY is preparing for transpo to Planet Doom. THOUSANDS OF THEM.
97) 15) dialog: On it. EXT. AECH’S RV - DRIVING But DAITO has his own issues. More DRONES close in overhe Daito has to drive into a tunnel to evade them. An IOI dr EXPLODES as it hits the tunnel strut. But as the van pass into the tunnel, the SIGNAL weakens... INT. SORRENTO’S FAKE RIG ROOM The loss of the signal causes the room to PIXELATE, just a moment. Sorrento catches it.
99) 0) text: Aech drives as fast as she can in the direction of IOI headquarters, which is visible, not that far away.
99) 2) dialog: Going as fast as I can. This isn’t my spinner. It’s true, compared to the Oasis, driving in the real wor is painfully slow.
99) 3) dialog: Can I just make a point here?
99) 5) dialog: The Sixers are at the castle on Doom, but they won’t take the key without Sorrento. So we have a short window to get out there... Wade shakes his head. 99.
99) 7) dialog: But Wade... think this through.
99) 9) dialog: I get it, but breaking into IOI in the Oasis isn’t the same as doing it in real life... oh, crap! Suddenly, Aech swerves...
100) 0) text: Aech’s RV has been cut off by a TESLA LIMO-BUS, the kind in the future take to prom. Aech immediately throws the van in reverse... BUT A SECOND TESLA, an electricity-guzzling SEDAN, has th blocked off.
100) 1) dialog: Dude. We’re f-ed.
100) 5) dialog: It’s not Sorrento.
101) 2) dialog: Ven? The voice is the same, but it doesn’t look like David Cro And yet that is unmistakably the inflections of the Vendo who is now revealed to be... OGDEN MORROW.
104) 2) dialog: (tearing up) Damn. Now I’m getting emotional.
104) 5) dialog: How’d you get these?
106) 0) text: Wade and Aech use their ID CARDS to enter IOI HQ. They ac casual, careful not to raise suspicion from IOI security.
106) 2) dialog: Got it. They split off.
112) 2) dialog: It’s in the seventh row... exactly eleven units from the end! With Aech’s directions, Wade quickly locates the rig. The swing it open, revealing...
126) 0) text: Aech is steering the Iron Giant from his customized cockp
126) 1) dialog: Eat giant metal, bitches!
128) 0) text: Sorrento, starting to get nervous, sees that the tide is turning. He pages through his HUD, looking for the right weapon. EXT. ANORAK’S CASTLE Shoto and Daito are at the front lines, expertly cutting trolls and IOI soldiers with their samurai swords, trying clear the one bridge into the castle when... They come face to face with a SAURON/SMAUG/VOLDEMORT mash Forty feet tall, one huge EYE staring down at them menacingly. Shoto and Daito brandish their swords and face off with t creature, realizing... it’s SORRENTO. Sorrento makes short work of Daito, though Shoto manages hack off one of his hands. Then AECH steps in as the IRON GIANT. He SQUASHES SORRENT
129) 12) dialog: What’cha got there, paperwork?
133) 0) text: As Sorrento is taken into police custody, Wade and Artemi are joined by Aech, Shoto and Daito. They do a communal t slap hi-five, because as goofy as it looks, that is what’ cool in 2044.