4) 58) dialog: 
4) 61) dialog: Wade! Have you seen my gloves?
5) 1) dialog: They’re not on my desk. Where they should be. The conversation with his Aunt switches from the visor to mobile headset the size of a dime on his earlobe. Wade tucks the gloves into a backpack and scrambles out o the van, pushing past boxes of busted laptops, computer p and old car batteries.
6) 2) dialog: Because you spend every waking moment in the Oasis and you don’t have your own.
7) 1) dialog: Where are you, anyway?
7) 3) dialog: You don’t have any friends.
8) 2) dialog: A real person?
8) 9) dialog: Still need my gloves, Wade. Wade jumps up and grabs on to the skeletal metal structur that keeps the whole stack in place. He starts CLIMBING. 13. EXT. WADE’S STACK - NIGHT We follow Wade as he scrambles up the outside of the stac The climb grows increasingly perilous as he goes. Physica Wade’s no specimen, but this is one thing in the real wor that he is actually good at.
9) 0) text: Wade dashes into the messy, cramped living room. He quick stashes the gloves under the COUCH CUSHIONS, then walks a quietly as he can to the front door. Alice, annoyed, paces back into the living room...
9) 1) dialog: I can’t be late again. ++. just as Wade walks IN through the front door.
9) 7) dialog: Damnit Wade, bad enough you don’t have a job without screwing up mine. Now you can’t use ‘em at all.
9) 9) dialog: (monotone) This way, please... Wade glares at Rick, now tugging on a beer. Rick shrugs.
10) 0) text: Wade enters the tiny slice of the unit he calls his room. Outside his window, like a cruel taunt, is a giant billbo advertising a SHAPTIC@ BRAND HAPTIC BOOTSUIT, a totally badass immersion rig for logging in to the Oasis. The BILLBOARD advertisement reads “Log In!” and features muscular guy modeling a suit that promises “Total Interfa and “Real-time Neuromuscular Response!” Hold on Wade, staring up at that ad. 15. INT. WADE’S HOUSE - THE NEXT DAY (REAL WORLD) Wade wakes up, wipes the sleep from his eyes. It might be from spending too much time in the Oasis, but there’s a moment of hopefulness, like maybe he’s someplace awesome. But nope, same crappy apartment, same billboard taunting INT. WADE’S HOUSE - MORNING Wade pours himself a bowl of cereal and milk water (milk- flavored water). From the kitchen table, through an open door, Wade can see into his aunt’s bedroom. Alice is passed out from a long night of work, Rick lies asleep on top of her, drooling. Wade cringes. CLOSE ON -- the HAPTIC GLOVES and VISOR sitting on Alice’ desk. They’re YANKED out of frame --
38) 0) text: In stark contrast to the Oasis, in real life Wade sits in Aunt’s apartment in the Stacks, drumming his fingers. Waiting. HIS POV -- Aunt Alice, wearing their only haptic deck, is "working", pointing left and right.
57) 2) dialog: Wade? Can you explain this? Rick, wearing a “Parzival” hat that makes Wade doubletake holds up Wade's fancy Bootsuit.
57) 5) dialog: Did you steal it?
57) 10) dialog: Rick!
57) 13) dialog: We're selling the trailer, Wade. She slides a LOYALTY CENTER PAMPHLET towards Wade. It's g the IOI logo on it, and reads: ‘Work off your debt in wee at Oklahoma City's new Loyalty Center.' Wade leafs through the pamphlet in shock.
57) 18) dialog: You're getting a little too old not to have your own place. I think your Mom would have wanted...
57) 20) dialog: I’m sorry, Wade. I know it’s rough. I just don’t know what else to do. It’s really hard to find someone you can bear to be with.
57) 22) dialog: We don’t always get our first choice, kiddo. Alice hands Wade her IOI gear.
57) 23) dialog: (whispering) Here, take my stuff. I don’t want to leave you with nothing. Reluctantly he takes it.
65) 0) text: Wade SPRINTS towards his stack, trying to reach Alice on headset.
131) 0) text: Sorrento is starting to lose hope that he will find them, room is so big, there are so many rigs to check... INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE (OASIS) Parzival approaches the legendary UNOPENABLE CRYSTAL GATE is famed for its lack of a keyhole, but today it has THRE keyholes. Parzival takes out the Copper Key and places it into the first key hole. Then he puts the jade key in the second, and the crystal key in the third. He turns the th keys one by one, then... THE CRYSTAL GATE OPENS, leading into a spinning whirlpool stars. Parzival steps through the gate... 116. INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE - STUDY (OASIS) And into Anorak's study. Towering shelves line the room, filled with ancient scrolls and dusty spellbooks. And floating in the center of the room... The egg. Parzival stares at it, a large white oval with pixelated edges. He gently takes it in his hands, in awe. Directly beneath a black dragon painting, on an ornate crystal pedestal, sits a gold chalice, encrusted with tin jewels. Its diameter matches that of Parzival’s silver eg Parzival places the egg in the chalice. It fits perfectly In the distance, a fanfare of TRUMPETS grows, and the egg begins to glow.