19) 4) dialog: Before I died, I created my own Easter egg, and hid it somewhere inside the OASIS. The first person to find the egg will inherit my entire fortune and earn complete control of the Oasis. A simple RHYME appears as a subtitle in front of Halliday he speaks.
22) 0) text: Inside the building, a sea of workers in rows of Haptic Decks. A buzzing hive of activity; like a trading firm, a working to solve Anorak’s challenge.
81) 0) text: Parzival slowly approaches a desk with a Voight-Kampff machine sitting on it. He knows which chair is his. To his surprise, instead of Morgan Paull, the original ac ANORAK sits across from him. He’s still got the cigarette the slicked back hair.
81) 1) dialog: You're walking through a desert and come upon a tortoise... Parzival smiles, he knows this part.
81) 3) dialog: You ever seen a turtle?
81) 5) dialog: Same thing. You reach down and flip it on its back.
81) 7) dialog: Just answer the questions. You’re on a date... That throws Parzival, definitely not from the movie.
81) 8) dialog: At the movies. Your date invites you to her place for a drink. What do you do? Parzival takes a long pause.
81) 10) dialog: Alright. You're not a replicant. Anorak hands him a clipboard with the results to his test
81) 12) dialog: (re: clipboard) Take this down to the next room. When Parzival looks down, the clipboard is now... The JADE KEY. When he looks back up, Anorak has disappeared. And the of door is a JADE DOOR. He turns the key and walks through..
94) 0) text: Sorrento, in his office in the Oasis, receives an update through a vidfeed window in his HUD. Number Six stands in front of ANORAK'S CASTLE, INSIDE the force field.
108) 0) text: Artemis is on a VIRTUAL CHAIN GANG, helping to fortify IO defenses around Castle Anorak. She drags her feet, a Supervisor glares at her, but then suddenly, she sees the OUT SCREEN...
120) 0) text: Number Six stands outside the Castle. Sorrento appears in vidfeed window, watching with him. They peer into the distance. PARZIVAL stands atop the highest point of Anorak's Fence, holding a BOOMBOX above his head. We hear the first few strains of high-pitched guitar...
128) 0) text: Sorrento, starting to get nervous, sees that the tide is turning. He pages through his HUD, looking for the right weapon. EXT. ANORAK’S CASTLE Shoto and Daito are at the front lines, expertly cutting trolls and IOI soldiers with their samurai swords, trying clear the one bridge into the castle when... They come face to face with a SAURON/SMAUG/VOLDEMORT mash Forty feet tall, one huge EYE staring down at them menacingly. Shoto and Daito brandish their swords and face off with t creature, realizing... it’s SORRENTO. Sorrento makes short work of Daito, though Shoto manages hack off one of his hands. Then AECH steps in as the IRON GIANT. He SQUASHES SORRENT
131) 0) text: Sorrento is starting to lose hope that he will find them, room is so big, there are so many rigs to check... INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE (OASIS) Parzival approaches the legendary UNOPENABLE CRYSTAL GATE is famed for its lack of a keyhole, but today it has THRE keyholes. Parzival takes out the Copper Key and places it into the first key hole. Then he puts the jade key in the second, and the crystal key in the third. He turns the th keys one by one, then... THE CRYSTAL GATE OPENS, leading into a spinning whirlpool stars. Parzival steps through the gate... 116. INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE - STUDY (OASIS) And into Anorak's study. Towering shelves line the room, filled with ancient scrolls and dusty spellbooks. And floating in the center of the room... The egg. Parzival stares at it, a large white oval with pixelated edges. He gently takes it in his hands, in awe. Directly beneath a black dragon painting, on an ornate crystal pedestal, sits a gold chalice, encrusted with tin jewels. Its diameter matches that of Parzival’s silver eg Parzival places the egg in the chalice. It fits perfectly In the distance, a fanfare of TRUMPETS grows, and the egg begins to glow.
131) 2) dialog: The game is over. It's time for you to receive your prize. Anorak holds out a long-fingered hand. Parzival hesitates then he takes it. Cascading bolts of blue lightning erupt in the space betw them, their spiderweb tines enveloping them both. When the lightning subsides, Anorak is no longer dressed his black wizard's robes. In fact, he no longer looks lik Anorak at all. He’s James Halliday. Pale, middle-aged, dressed in his Sp Invaders T-shirt. When Parzival looks down at his own avatar, he sees HE is wearing Anorak's robes. The icons and readouts around the edge of his HUD now show his stats all completely maxed o He now has a list of spells, inherent powers, and magic i that seem to scroll on forever. And his credit readout now displays a number twelve digit long. 117.