28) 0) text: A new crowd of RACERS wait at the starting line with thei cars. Aside from the usual, indistinguishable sixers, we see SH and DAITO. Both are Japanese, in their twenties, bearing striking resemblance to one another. They each wear match suits of traditional samurai armor, a short wakizashi and longer katana strapped to their belts. They also drive matching Speed Racer cars. Parzival walks towards his DeLorean, in the center lane.
28) 6) dialog: First to the egg. First to the egg.
30) 0) text: As he emerges, and because he is driving backwards, Parzi can instantly see that he is way ahead of the pack and EV OBSTACLE in the game is FALLING BEHIND HIM. He can see the T-REX licking its claws and waiting on 54t street, the CRANE not yet toppled, the CEMENT TRUCK not y moving. He can even see the TRAIL OF THE METEOR on a trajectory towards the park. It doesn’t matter, it’s all behind him. He sees Shoto and Daito crash, then glances in his rearview. He’s just ente Central Park.
78) 0) text: HARRISON FORD as Deckard sits at his counter seat at the noodle parlor. People speak crazy polyglot languages. It literally -- Blade Runner. 78. Parzival, Aech, Artemis, Shoto and Daito suddenly appear the middle of the crowded street.
93) 0) text: Daito is now in the driver’s seat, Shoto in the passenger seat translating into Japanese.
96) 0) text: DAITO, driving as carefully as he can, has just driven ov huge pothole, but only because he’s trying to lose...
97) 0) text: WADE speaks through his HUD to DAITO.
122) 0) text: The Vonnegut, Shoto at the helm, flies over the top of th Castle. DAITO leaps out from the belly of the ship and fa towards the force field. Just as he’s about to hit, he ut the magic incantation of undoing...
122) 1) dialog: RayKassarRassakYar! +. and the spell is un-cast!
128) 0) text: Sorrento, starting to get nervous, sees that the tide is turning. He pages through his HUD, looking for the right weapon. EXT. ANORAK’S CASTLE Shoto and Daito are at the front lines, expertly cutting trolls and IOI soldiers with their samurai swords, trying clear the one bridge into the castle when... They come face to face with a SAURON/SMAUG/VOLDEMORT mash Forty feet tall, one huge EYE staring down at them menacingly. Shoto and Daito brandish their swords and face off with t creature, realizing... it’s SORRENTO. Sorrento makes short work of Daito, though Shoto manages hack off one of his hands. Then AECH steps in as the IRON GIANT. He SQUASHES SORRENT
133) 0) text: As Sorrento is taken into police custody, Wade and Artemi are joined by Aech, Shoto and Daito. They do a communal t slap hi-five, because as goofy as it looks, that is what’ cool in 2044.