1) 1) dialog: Lemme guess - Mario Kart? He turns to see PARZIVAL, standing beside his vintage DELOREAN, literally the car from BACK TO THE FUTURE. He’s nineteen years old, good-looking and fit.
1) 3) dialog: It’s very Nintendo. Their friendly rivalry requires busting on each other constantly.
1) 5) dialog: Weird that I’m still gonna outrace you. What does that say?
1) 7) dialog: Let’s see who makes it past 57th. A SIREN signals the drivers to get in their cars. Parziva makes a fist, Aech returns the salute.
1) 8) dialog: First to the key.
2) 3) text: Dumbasses. You don’t start from the outside lanes. He catches up with Aech, and, as they HANG a LEFT on 45th street, he cuts past him on the inside. Parzival’s winning. For now.
3) 0) text: Parzival hangs a RIGHT on 8th Avenue and puts the pedal t the floor. On every block, a different obstacle emerges, each time another driver is taken out. SINKHOLES open at street, a MANIAC WITH A FLAMETHROWER sprays the intersect at 50th street, and at 54th street... A T-REX stomps out into the street and Parzival nimbly swerves between its legs, just as its massive jaws POP TH BLIMP. It’s not your typical street race. EXT. 57TH STREET —- CONTINUOUS Parzival turns right at 57th to get back over to Seventh Avenue, and now AECH suddenly BOMBS OUT OF NOWHERE and PA HIM. He flips Parzival the bird as he makes a left back onto seventh. Parzival settles in behind him. Up ahead, a few blocks away, is CENTRAL PARK. But before that is 58th street. The whole block is in an exaggerated state of construction, like an obstacle cours leading up to A COLLAPSING CRANE. It’s all a matter of timing and angle to get past the collapsing crane, and Aech tries to take it AS SHARP AND FAST as he can. He clears the falling CRANE, but he’s going too fast. He SKIDS OUT, and his car FLIPS OVER. A MOMENT LATER, Parzival DRIFTS PAST HIM, going just a bi slower. His DeLorean SKIDS, but he makes the turn.
3) 1) dialog: Yes!
3) 3) dialog: Really thought I was gonna make it.
3) 5) dialog: Dude, don’t go there.
4) 0) text: THE ROAD WARRIOR BIKE speeds towards camera, fifty yards from the park entrance. The driver is stoic, completely focused, absolutely determined to make it, and that’s whe A METEOR (yes, I’m serious, a meteor) plunges from the sk and slams into the street. The RIDER has to BAIL OUT as t BIKE slams into the smoking rock and EXPLODES. EXT. CENTRAL PARK —- CONTINUOUS Parzival and Aech run up to the wreckage. The RIDER emerg from the smoke, whipping off her helmet, revealing...
4) 4) dialog: (star struck) Hey. You’re Artemis!
4) 6) dialog: I love you. I mean... we love you.
4) 8) dialog: You should come with us!
4) 13) dialog: Not jerking off on weekends at all.
4) 16) dialog: Yeah, I know. Artemis smiles, touche. She turns to Aech.
4) 19) dialog: Show her the workshop. Aech, ahead of him, kicks open the door to what should be closet...
4) 23) dialog: Aech’s work is top rated on the modboards.
4) 29) dialog: Tough to park. Artemis laughs. Parzival lights up.
4) 39) dialog: Please, not the “theory” again...
4) 45) dialog: Well... not totally true. They both turn to look at him.
4) 46) dialog: He once screwed up a level of Flunkie Sprat Three.
4) 49) dialog: “,.. first to the egg.” She looks from Parzival to Aech, sizing them up.
4) 53) dialog: (quickly) They won't win. Halliday won’t let them.
4) 55) dialog: The Oasis was his baby. He wouldn’t set it up for some corporate borg- spawn.
4) 57) dialog: No, that’s not... I just think I understand the guy, maybe because...
4) 62) dialog: Oh, crap. Artemis looks at him quizzically.
4) 63) dialog: Sorry, it was awesome meeting you. Gotta split. And with that, PARZIVAL SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS...
5) 0) text: And now we see WADE WATTS, the “real” Parzival, in the re world. 11. He’s inside an 80’s vintage van with fogged over windows, wearing a HAPTIC VISOR, which he quickly pulls off. “Parzival” is an idealized version of Wade, in reality he shy and gangly, sporting worn corduroys and a baggy sweat And a pair of I0I-branded HAPTIC GLOVES.
12) 6) dialog: (using a voice command) Locate Aech. An image of AECH comes up; like the graphics over any spo broadcast, his avatar moves and poses and winks. “LOCATING...” appears. Wade continues on his way, passing through what looks lik the heart of the city. Off to his right is the main GREGARIOUS GAMES headquarters, a gleaming, castle-like to
13) 4) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
15) 1) dialog: Who you up against? Mixed in with the soldiers are a bunch of avatars that ar way out of context.
15) 3) dialog: Think I might’ve figured something out. Wanna swing by the journals and take another run at the key?
16) 0) text: Aech’s window disappears, so Parzival toggles his HUD to navigation.
16) 1) dialog: (voice command) Memoir-opolis. A pathway suddenly lights up in front of him, showing him path to take.
17) 0) text: A giant, virtual classroom. PARZIVAL is one of a thousand avatars sitting and listening to a virtual ALBERT EINSTEI teach them rudimentary science. Suddenly, everyone in the room gets an alert... JAMES HALLIDAY, DEAD AT 62.
20) 0) text: Parzival boards a high-speed train. His HUD IMAGE OF CRED appears and is lightened by 10 coins. Everything in the O costs something. 22. He takes a seat next to two ridiculously proportioned WOM who chat loudly. Parzival MUTES them.
25) 0) text: Parzival strolls down a street lined with what look like homes, but are actually a row of “memory palaces”, basica auto-biographies represented in tangible form.
25) 7) dialog: What’s up, not-real but sarcastic program?
25) 9) dialog: Nah, today I need to check out something pretty obscure. Halliday’s one mistake. The Historian raises an eyebrow, intrigued.
25) 11) dialog: (nods ) Yeah. This girl said something to me, I’ve been thinking about it all day.
25) 13) dialog: (ignoring that) I mean, maybe it’s cause she’s hot. (MORE )
25) 15) dialog: If she had said “I love pork rinds,” would I be thinking about pork rinds? Possibly...
25) 17) dialog: Damn, now I am thinking about pork rinds.
25) 19) dialog: My point is, what if he made a mistake? INT. HALLIDAY’S JOURNALS - HALLWAY The Historian leads Parzival to a door. Parzival opens it steps inside.
25) 20) dialog: With the contest, I mean. What if he made a mistake on purpose?
26) 0) text: But for the presence of Parzival and the Historian, the recreation is absolutely flawless. We ARE in 1993, in the offices of Gregarious Games, where a much younger James Halliday, hung over, can’t stop talking about his night.
26) 11) dialog: 
26) 13) dialog: Play again from minor bug.
28) 0) text: A new crowd of RACERS wait at the starting line with thei cars. Aside from the usual, indistinguishable sixers, we see SH and DAITO. Both are Japanese, in their twenties, bearing striking resemblance to one another. They each wear match suits of traditional samurai armor, a short wakizashi and longer katana strapped to their belts. They also drive matching Speed Racer cars. Parzival walks towards his DeLorean, in the center lane.
28) 2) dialog: Shoto, Daito.
28) 4) dialog: Just testing out a new engine Aech threw in. Daito nods. Shoto seems unconvinced. Parzival gives the gunter salute.
28) 5) dialog: First to the key.
29) 0) text: The ground gives way and the DeLorean lands with a thump the sewer system. Parzival stomps on the accelerator and car AUTOMATICALLY GOES BACKWARDS. Parzival laughs as he shoots through a winding tunnel. Then the sewer ramps UP and the DeLorean shoots out back the race.
31) 0) text: The DeLorean SPINS OUT and ends up facing forward RIGHT A BETHESDA FOUNTAIN. Parzival gets out. As he walks towards the fountain, he c AECH up in a video-chat window.
31) 2) dialog: Aech, my good friend.
31) 4) dialog: Great question. Do you recognize this? PARZIVAL flips AECH to HIS POV...
31) 7) dialog: I... am... PARZIVAL! His bellow echoes out over the park. He feels a bit stupi for a second. Then a DOOR APPEARS. Parzival sticks the key in, and the door opens. As he doe we WHIP AROUND THE OASIS in what some might call...
32) 0) text: Aech is standing on a distant planet, impatiently waiting a TRANSPORT SPOT to open up. A BRILLIANT LIGHT IN THE SKY draws his attention. It’s the scoreboard! There’s a name at the top now... Parzival. If Aech had programmed his avatar to cry, it wo
37) 0) text: Parzival suddenly appears on a street on Incipio, the key hanging around his neck. It takes him a moment to notice, then he realizes that everyone is staring up in the sky, pointing. He looks up see his name up there, as big as the sun. 32. Parzival is absorbing the magnitude of this when his HUD suddenly comes up and his COIN COUNTER shoots from 827 to 100,000. Instantly.
37) 1) dialog: Sweet Mama Cass! Then his message queue pops up. He has over fifty thousan messages waiting for him, the number jumps by another thousand every second.
37) 2) dialog: Hello, World. Then he hears voices...
41) 2) dialog: Think so?
41) 4) dialog: I can feel the Corinthian leather under my ass, that’s how sensitive this thing is.
41) 13) dialog: That’s me.
41) 15) dialog: No thanks.
41) 17) dialog: I just need a ship. Something fast. The Vendor smiles, snaps the map closed.
42) 3) dialog: Kind of had my heart set on this one. He picks up “Serenity”, the spaceship from the show “Firefly”. The Vendor frowns.
43) 0) text: The “Vonnegut”, as Parzival has renamed it, is now comple He circles it, inspecting it from every angle.
43) 1) dialog: It’s amazing.
43) 3) dialog: Course.
43) 6) dialog: Okay, sure. Parzival takes the key from around his neck and hands it him. The Vendor's eyes light up as he turns the key over his hands.
43) 9) dialog: Wait, did you know Halliday?
43) 12) dialog: Yeah, sure. The Vendor rummages in his pockets. Parzival’s excitement grows, he can only imagine what it could be, this is a gu who can make anything.
45) 0) text: All of which is rendered in loving detail inside the Vonnegut. Parzival deftly navigates two oncoming ships, a massive GROUPON DEAL-HAULER and some tween girl’s HELLO K shuttle, then loops through the BROKEN RINGS of the FACEB PLANET, which has been dormant for years.
45) 1) dialog: “The place where lovers couldn’t leap/ In the dark, while counting sheep/ Take the jump, prove how you’re made/ Then you will find the key of Jade.” That mean anything to you, Kitt? The voice of his onboard computer, KITT, responds.
45) 3) dialog: Clearly some sort of jump. So many options. Set a course for Lover's Leap, in the Valentine's Day sector on Hallmark 4.
45) 5) dialog: Locate. His Hud spins for a moment, but Artemis isn’t available. leaves a message.
45) 6) dialog: Hey, it’s me. Z. Ha ha, that rhymed. He abruptly stops and DELETES the message. He tries again
45) 7) dialog: Howdy... (disgusted with himself) What the hell, am I a cowboy now? Act like a human being, Wade. 42. Now he gets his shit together.
45) 8) dialog: Artemis, it’s Z. I’m in your neck of the woods, thought maybe I’d drop by. Anyway, I wanna thank you for helping me figure out the first challenge. So here’s me helping you out. Go backwards. And let’s meet up sometime. You know, just to hang or... whatever. He pauses for a moment, wondering if he should do this. T he SENDS the message. EXT. THE VONNEGUT --— The Vonnegut suddenly rockets forward. As it does, reveal that another craft SPEEDS UP AS WELL, not quite as fast, clearly trying not to be seen.
46) 0) text: The interior of Number Six’s ship reveals a one-man bount hunting operation. He has a live surveillance feed of the Vonnegut, simultaneous from five different angles. He’s also got what must be an ILLEGAL FEED of PARZIVAL‘'S personal heads up display, though no sound. THE MESSAGE T ARTEMIS becomes visible as it FIRES FROM THE VONNEGUT.
47) 0) text: The race between Parzival’s message and Six in his spaces is so fast that the ship itself appears as A MASSIVE BLUR
48) 1) dialog: +. figure out the first challenge... returning the favor... Six smiles despite the G-force distorting his face. He’s something and he knows it.
48) 3) dialog: Wow, that looks amazing.
48) 5) dialog: What? Aech turns on him.
48) 7) dialog: I don’t know what...
48) 9) dialog: Oh. Yeah. Well, I just felt like... she helped me.
48) 12) dialog: Dude, I’m sorry, I'll totally give you the...
48) 15) dialog: Probably vid-spam.
48) 17) dialog: Nah, she’s just a girl, man.
52) 0) text: Parzival watches in disgust as the THIRD SLOT on the scoreboard changes to the name “NOLAN SORRENTO”. Feeling guilty, Parzival pulls up Aech in his contacts. There’s no response, so Parzival leaves a message.
52) 1) dialog: I’m sorry. I should've said something, you’re my best friend. Here’s how to beat the first challenge... And while he explains...
55) 1) dialog: Hey Artemis... 48. Artemis looks up to see Parzival, standing on a ledge abo her, wearing A PAIR OF RED HEADPHONES. He tosses her a matching pair.
55) 2) dialog: Put these on. She puts them on and them Parzival pulls out a supremely ass RAIL GUN.
55) 3) dialog: Just bought this puppy. Check ‘er out. Parzival fires and the gun spits out a super-heated light wave that sprays like a shotgun. The blast incinerates everything in its path, except Artemis, who stands in the center of it, unharmed. An impressed Artemis looks up at Parzival.
55) 4) dialog: Headphones of limitless protection. Keep em, those are my spares. Parzival jumps down to the alley to join her, a fine mist vaporized IOI goons whirls through the air.
55) 5) dialog: So what was that all about?
56) 2) dialog: You do? 49.
56) 4) dialog: Yeah, I hate that.
56) 6) dialog: I've tried to talk to him about it...
56) 8) dialog: Too wide, right?
56) 10) dialog: Are they?
56) 13) dialog: I like yours too. I mean, your arms, but I mean like... your butt, it’s not...
56) 15) dialog: And your... you know, your boobs, they’re not those ridiculous porn star...
56) 17) dialog: Yeah. They walk in comfortable silence; definitely a connection forming.
56) 18) dialog: What do you look like in the real world?
56) 20) dialog: Yeah, I’m sorry, I just... it would be... you know, to meet you. In person.
56) 22) dialog: No I wouldn't. (then) Are you a guy?
56) 24) dialog: I’m just saying, I don’t care what you look like. I'd like to meet you. I mean, I have no idea where you live, and I’m sure you'd be disappointed in me but...
56) 27) dialog: My real name is Wade.
56) 29) dialog: I’m not telling anyone. I’m telling you.
56) 32) dialog: Uh, yeah, I think it is.
56) 35) dialog: I don’t know, I mean, what wouldn’t I do? Buy myself the best rig, the biggest space ship... I’d get all the shit I could never afford.
56) 37) dialog: I'd keep it like it is, I guess, like it should be.
56) 39) dialog: I'm not really that into politics
56) 41) dialog: Yeah, I guess.
56) 43) dialog: Oh. Oh man.
56) 45) dialog: Aech was right. I’m an idiot. (embarrassed) I thought... I thought you wanted to hang.
56) 47) dialog: That’s not-- nevermind. It’s cool. I better go. He pulls the miniature Vonnegut out of his pocket and TOS it into the middle of the street. It instantly expands to full size. Artemis is confused by his sudden attitude.
56) 49) dialog: Lemme think about it, okay? Artemis, bewildered, just watches as his ship rockets awa 53. Watching all this from a distance, the figure who was following them removes his hood. It’s NUMBER SIX.
59) 0) text: A rail runs along the edge of a deck that hangs in the up atmosphere. Wind whips furiously, and we reveal Parzival standing on the edge. He looks ready to jump. He sees Aech approaching.
59) 1) dialog: Thanks for finally returning my calls.
59) 4) dialog: Yeah, I guess I am. As if to prove his point, Parzival JUMPS OFF THE EDGE!
60) 0) text: Parzival free-falls. A moment later, Aech joins him.
60) 2) dialog: I mean, they didn’t give me any warning.
60) 4) dialog: Don’t ask. Yes, they are still hurtling towards the ground at termin velocity, but the conversation is as casual as if they we chatting over coffee.
60) 5) dialog: I don’t really know anyone. Where do I even go? Where do I log in? Can’t believe my Aunt is doing this.
60) 7) dialog: Thanks, dude. 57.
61) 0) text: Parzival and Aech leave the RED BULL GLUTEN-PACKED ENERGY LEAP, the promotional jump they just tested out.
61) 2) dialog: Nope.
61) 4) dialog: I don’t think that’s the answer. They arrive at Aech’s ship, which is incongruously sittin a parking lot among many other vehicles.
61) 6) dialog: I just don’t think the clue is that literal. Aech climbs on board his ship.
61) 11) dialog: What do you want?
61) 13) dialog: Not interested.
62) 0) text: The IOI executive transport sits on a gated platform at o end of the Courtyard in One IOI Plaza. Sorrento, Parzival the Sixers zap in.
63) 5) dialog: This is where all your employees spawn, huh?
63) 9) dialog: That's what I figured.
63) 11) dialog: But if I win, IOI would run the Oasis.
63) 18) dialog: I don’t think I can be a sixer, it’s...
63) 20) dialog: Oh. Shit.
63) 22) text: Parzival says nothing... INT. WADE’S HIDEOUT (REAL WORLD) While in real life, a hyperventilating Wade has to take h visor off just to catch his breath.
63) 26) dialog: When you say we... One question...
63) 28) dialog: So IOI would own the Oasis?
63) 30) dialog: But we keep Halliday’s rules? Equal access, equal bandwidth... Sorrento tightens, tries to smile. This is a bit of a sor subject.
63) 33) dialog: I’m sorry, no. Sorrento’s face falls. 63.
63) 34) dialog: I'm probably going to really regret this, but I can't do it.
63) 36) text: Parzival shrugs, “why not?” With a wave of his hand, Sorrento disables all the camera and microphones in the room. SORRENTO (CONT’D) The truth is, I had to make this offer. The Board insisted. But I was really hoping you would say no. Because if anyone wins, it’s going to be me. My avatar will get that egg, because the truth is, I am the only one with the balls to run this place right.
63) 37) dialog: Wow, you kind of switched gears there from “fairly reasonable” to “maniacal overlord”.
74) 5) dialog: Nope, not the answer. Aech turns to see Parzival entering, Artemis right behind him.
74) 7) dialog: Are they here?
74) 9) dialog: Shoto, Daito, this is Artemis. Artemis takes a small bow.
74) 10) dialog: Of all the gunters, Shoto and Daito are the two most skilled fighters I've ever seen. They're maxed out on all PVP categories. Shoto and Daito bow back to Artemis.
74) 11) dialog: You guys all got my message? Aech, are you someplace safe?
74) 13) dialog: Same for you two. If you're with us, they’1ll come looking for you. Parzival pauses, then addresses the group.
74) 14) dialog: A good friend told me that we would be better off working together. I didn’t listen to him. Aech is a bit embarrassed, he knows it’s him.
74) 15) dialog: I thought Halliday wanted us to do it alone, but that’s only how he would’ve done it. I think he wanted someone to be better than him.
74) 17) dialog: Yes. (to Artemis) But I’m not joining your clan. Artemis is confused. Wade turns to Shoto.
74) 18) dialog: (to Shoto) Not yours either. (to the group) We are the Clan. Right here in this room, this is the Oasis Dream Team. We're the “first five” and we are going to win this thing together or not at all. Murmurs of agreement from everyone, except Artemis.
74) 20) dialog: Does your Clan know how to find the second challenge?
74) 23) dialog: Yes. (to Artemis) 74. Don’t want to put you on the spot, but if you're with us, you’re with us. Artemis nods.
74) 26) dialog: There is no jump.
74) 28) dialog: “Where lovers wouldn’t leap.” It hit me today. It’s about a girl. (meeting Artemis’ eye) And the leap he didn’t take. Artemis doesn’t seem to get Parzival’s meaning, but Aech does.
74) 29) dialog: After they blew the Flunkie Sprat job, Halliday and Morrow met to work on a new idea. It was a seminal moment in history.
75) 4) dialog: I’ve watched the scene a million times, the night they sketched the plans for the Oasis. It took sixteen years to make it work, but this is where it began. Bored, Morrow leans back in his chair.
75) 10) dialog: This is the same girl Halliday was swooning over months before. He took her to a movie, but he still hadn’t taken the leap. Morrow shakes his head, it’s like pulling teeth with him.
75) 17) dialog: 
75) 19) dialog: See what I’m talking about? “Counting sheep.” That’s what gives it away.
75) 22) dialog: Way ahead of its time. The Citizen Kane of dystopic future noir films.
75) 24) dialog: Definitely. The Historian clears his throat.
76) 0) text: The Vonnegut rockets across the Oasis Solar System, once again passing the enormous SCOREBOARD. We hear Parzival’s voice, pre-lapped.
76) 1) dialog: Everyone knows Blade Runner has its fingerprints all over the Oasis, in the architecture, the vision of the future, even the avatars. The Vonnegut shoots towards a large planet with a number orbiting moons.
77) 1) dialog: But if you know Halliday, you know that one of the first things he built in the Oasis was a place for his favorite movies. Our fabulous five come to a marquee with BLADE RUNNER: ORIGINAL EDITION on it.
77) 3) dialog: Something tells me there'll be more to it than that. They pass through the doors of the movie theater, and are suddenly transported to...
78) 0) text: HARRISON FORD as Deckard sits at his counter seat at the noodle parlor. People speak crazy polyglot languages. It literally -- Blade Runner. 78. Parzival, Aech, Artemis, Shoto and Daito suddenly appear the middle of the crowded street.
78) 3) dialog: Yeah, but this isn’t the beginning of the movie.
78) 5) dialog: Nine forty I believe. Parzival notices a counter in the corner of the screen, g down from three hours.
78) 6) dialog: But that’s not what’s in our HUDs. Stay on your toes, people, this is the challenge.
78) 9) dialog: Hold on, that might not be... But they’ve already gotten close enough.
78) 10) dialog: «+. the best idea.
79) 0) text: Parzival, Artemis and Aech hide in a side alley.
79) 2) dialog: Do we?
79) 4) dialog: They weren’t the bad guys, they were misunderstood. They’re more like the Na’vi in Avatar.
79) 7) dialog: Something in the clue, “prove how you're made”. That’s the key. To the key. Come on. He grabs Artemis’s hand and leads her away. Aech reluctan follows.
80) 0) text: Parzival, Artemis, and Aech walk through the office build from the opening scene, the one with the ceiling fans and atmospheric smoke. A wall suddenly appears between them, separating them.
80) 2) dialog: Remember what you... 80. Too late, the three of them will each be doing the challe on their own.
81) 0) text: Parzival slowly approaches a desk with a Voight-Kampff machine sitting on it. He knows which chair is his. To his surprise, instead of Morgan Paull, the original ac ANORAK sits across from him. He’s still got the cigarette the slicked back hair.
81) 2) dialog: What’s a tortoise?
81) 4) dialog: Of course.
81) 6) dialog: Do you make up these questions, Mr. Halliday?
81) 9) dialog: I go with her. A long pause. Then Anorak stands up and extends his hand. 81.
82) 1) dialog: What the...
83) 14) dialog: Doesn't say anything about where the challenge is.
92) 9) dialog: And I think they’ve beat us to the third challenge... Even miles away from Anorak’s Castle, they can see AN ENORMOUS DOME-LIKE FORCE FIELD surrounding it.
92) 10) dialog: No, you gotta be kidding me. The group deflates.
92) 11) dialog: Screw them.
92) 13) dialog: Screw them. They can’t stop us that easy. I’ve got an idea.
114) 0) text: Indeed she is in the Oasis, flying the Vonnegut to Planet Doom, while Parzival streams out a message.
114) 1) dialog: Fellow Gunters, today the assclowns at IOI found the third challenge and they put a FORCE FIELD around it. They think we are too busy fighting each other to notice. Nolan Sorrento thinks the gamers in the Oasis will never pull it together. Parzival pauses for dramatic effect.
114) 2) dialog: Well I say, tell that to the gunter clans in the gold mines of Ludus. (MORE )
114) 4) dialog: Tell it to the anons and the channers, the newbs in the Reddit Army and the 98th level ninja magic users... As Parzival speaks, we see his message broadcast...
115) 0) text: On every billboard, on every blimp, on every screen, in e heads up display... all over Incipio, Avatars stop what they’re doing to watch Parzival’s message on their live stream.
115) 1) dialog: Tell it to themed Gunter clans, the Dothraki Klingon Alliance, the Trekkies, the 8 Bit Warriors from the Atari system, the stat-heads from the Fantasy Sports guild.
117) 1) dialog: I am Parzival of the first five, in the name of Artemis and Aech and Daito and Shoto, we call on all gunters!
118) 0) text: Avatars watch Parzival making his declaration on the jumbotron in Times Square...
118) 1) dialog: Join us in glory! Meet us on the dark side of Planet Doom! In the name of Halliday himself, fight for the future of the Oasis! 107. A BATTLE CRY rises up from a million souls. SHIPS launch ORBIT. Transport platforms are overrun.
120) 0) text: Number Six stands outside the Castle. Sorrento appears in vidfeed window, watching with him. They peer into the distance. PARZIVAL stands atop the highest point of Anorak's Fence, holding a BOOMBOX above his head. We hear the first few strains of high-pitched guitar...
120) 1) dialog: First to the key, first to the egg! And now the fiery earwig of death that is BLACKENED by Metallica thunders out into the air. And an ARMY OF GUNTE rushes past Parzival and down towards the castle, all of chanting...
125) 0) text: The DeLorean bounces across the rocky field, plowing thro and around Sixers and their allies. Parzival opens his gu wing door and leans out, steering with one hand. 109.
125) 1) dialog: Sniper rifle! A SNIPER RIFLE suddenly appears in his hand.
127) 0) text: Artemis takes over behind the wheel as Parzival fires off more sniper shots. He runs out of ammo and tosses the gun 110.
127) 1) dialog: More weapons!
127) 3) dialog: Staff of piercing! He throws it, skewering eleven Sixers at once.
127) 6) dialog: Anti-personnel ordinance cannon! Rail Gun! Axe gun! A gun that fires AXES. Silly, but effective.
127) 9) dialog: (solemnly) Musket of Infinite Velocity. 111. A MUSKET, courtesy of Aech, appears in Parzival’s hand. H fires it and A MUSKET BALL smashes through a SIXER, then continues and LITERALLY CIRCLES THE PLANET before smashin into the next sixer, and the next one...
129) 2) dialog: All the other bridges are destroyed, we need to go through the main gate.
129) 4) dialog: Could just be a glitch.
129) 8) dialog: Everyone ready for some Donkey Kong?
129) 10) dialog: Who are you?
129) 20) dialog: Hello? Can anyone hear me? Silence. He reaches in his pocket, pulls out... THE QUARTER. Only now do we realize that it is made of th same high-definition material as the keys, it is a specia gleaming quarter.
131) 0) text: Sorrento is starting to lose hope that he will find them, room is so big, there are so many rigs to check... INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE (OASIS) Parzival approaches the legendary UNOPENABLE CRYSTAL GATE is famed for its lack of a keyhole, but today it has THRE keyholes. Parzival takes out the Copper Key and places it into the first key hole. Then he puts the jade key in the second, and the crystal key in the third. He turns the th keys one by one, then... THE CRYSTAL GATE OPENS, leading into a spinning whirlpool stars. Parzival steps through the gate... 116. INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE - STUDY (OASIS) And into Anorak's study. Towering shelves line the room, filled with ancient scrolls and dusty spellbooks. And floating in the center of the room... The egg. Parzival stares at it, a large white oval with pixelated edges. He gently takes it in his hands, in awe. Directly beneath a black dragon painting, on an ornate crystal pedestal, sits a gold chalice, encrusted with tin jewels. Its diameter matches that of Parzival’s silver eg Parzival places the egg in the chalice. It fits perfectly In the distance, a fanfare of TRUMPETS grows, and the egg begins to glow.
131) 4) dialog: Super sweet. Halliday leans toward Parzival and lowers his voice.
131) 6) dialog: Actually, I’m going to split it with my friends.
131) 8) dialog: I've got someone I trust, Mr. Halliday.