8) 5) dialog: IOI, brah. Gotta stop ‘em.
8) 7) dialog: Stuff it in your suckchute, loser.
32) 0) text: Aech is standing on a distant planet, impatiently waiting a TRANSPORT SPOT to open up. A BRILLIANT LIGHT IN THE SKY draws his attention. It’s the scoreboard! There’s a name at the top now... Parzival. If Aech had programmed his avatar to cry, it wo
34) 0) text: Artemis steps outside and appears next to her clan mate. Planet Doom is experiencing a rare, momentary peace. Artemis looks up, to see why. It’s the Scoreboard. 31.
36) 0) text: SORRENTO walks out onto an outdoor executive deck. He can that THOUSANDS OF SIXERS have filed out into the courtyar below, all gazing and pointing at the sky like extras ina Spielberg film. He looks up to see..... FULL REVEAL -- THE SCOREBOARD, shining brightly in the ni sky above. There are ten spaces that for five years have been empty. But now...
39) 2) dialog: Hey look, it’s the loser!
39) 3) dialog: Eat a dickbagel, loser! Wade looks over at the kids and double takes. Their t-shirts? A PICTURE OF PARZIVAL holding up the JADE KEY! Someone’s screengrab that they printed up and sold. causes Wade to burst out laughing.
39) 5) dialog: They are nice, butt-chee.
39) 6) dialog: What’s so funny?
39) 9) dialog: Those aren't socks. 34.
51) 0) text: The Scoreboard, huge beyond comprehension, begins to rumb and shake as a new name rolls out into THIRD PLACE. The Vonnegut streaks past, just a speck in the foreground 47.
52) 0) text: Parzival watches in disgust as the THIRD SLOT on the scoreboard changes to the name “NOLAN SORRENTO”. Feeling guilty, Parzival pulls up Aech in his contacts. There’s no response, so Parzival leaves a message.
69) 0) text: Wade and Artemis walk through the Reb Safe House. It’s ru down but animated, filled with other young people committ to the cause.
76) 0) text: The Vonnegut rockets across the Oasis Solar System, once again passing the enormous SCOREBOARD. We hear Parzival’s voice, pre-lapped.
84) 0) text: The Oasis War Room at the Reb Safe House. Wade helps Arte out of her gear. She’s humming MY SHARONA to herself.
85) 0) text: Reveal Wade, slipping out one of the windows of the Reb house, backpack over his shoulder, whispering to Aech ove headset.
86) 0) text: TWO DRONES have gathered above the Reb Safe House, their lights pulsing softly. A third and a fourth join them. Something is going down.