9) 4) dialog: That is bull pucky, amigo. A FLUSH from the bathroom as RICK, Alice’s white trash boyfriend, walks into the living room. Wade grimaces, realizing...
9) 6) dialog: Fell asleep, it was a long one. (to Alice) This lying bastard had the gloves. Rick continues past them and into the kitchen. Alice glar at Wade.
10) 0) text: Wade enters the tiny slice of the unit he calls his room. Outside his window, like a cruel taunt, is a giant billbo advertising a SHAPTIC@ BRAND HAPTIC BOOTSUIT, a totally badass immersion rig for logging in to the Oasis. The BILLBOARD advertisement reads “Log In!” and features muscular guy modeling a suit that promises “Total Interfa and “Real-time Neuromuscular Response!” Hold on Wade, staring up at that ad. 15. INT. WADE’S HOUSE - THE NEXT DAY (REAL WORLD) Wade wakes up, wipes the sleep from his eyes. It might be from spending too much time in the Oasis, but there’s a moment of hopefulness, like maybe he’s someplace awesome. But nope, same crappy apartment, same billboard taunting INT. WADE’S HOUSE - MORNING Wade pours himself a bowl of cereal and milk water (milk- flavored water). From the kitchen table, through an open door, Wade can see into his aunt’s bedroom. Alice is passed out from a long night of work, Rick lies asleep on top of her, drooling. Wade cringes. CLOSE ON -- the HAPTIC GLOVES and VISOR sitting on Alice’ desk. They’re YANKED out of frame --
39) 0) text: Wade, burning off nervous energy, walks around the Stacks checking the time and occasionally glancing at the sky. INT. WADE’S APARTMENT -- LATER (REAL WORLD) RICK is now wearing the haptic deck, playing some sort of lame first person shooter. He contorts his body and compl as he keeps getting shot. 33.
39) 1) dialog: That’s bullshit! You didn’t hit me. You're cheating! This game is friggin’ rigged. WADE watches mutely from the kitchen. No way he can get b online. It’s like a nightmare. EXT. WADE’S STACK (REAL WORLD) Wade is now standing outside the stacks, checking the tim and watching the skies. The REB KIDS are spray-painting t side of a stack.
57) 1) dialog: Wade! Get out here! Wade pulls some pants on, heads out of his room. INT. WADE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Wade walks into the living room to find Alice and Rick waiting for him. They’ve got his backpack open on the tab
57) 4) dialog: This thing costs at least ten thousand credits. Where’d you get the money?
57) 7) dialog: You doing those sex chats? 54.
57) 9) dialog: Neither do you.
57) 11) dialog: What?
57) 15) dialog: You're not gonna live there. We didn’t apply for you.
65) 3) dialog: Hey, this bootsuit is pretty awesome, thanks for that... 65.
65) 5) dialog: Hear that, Alice? This douchenozzle is-- And that, sadly, is the last thing Rick ever says...