1) 0) text: Huge crowds line the street, cheering on TWENTY EXOTIC VEHICLES waiting at the starting line. A MOTORBIKE straight from Road Warrior idles on the outsi lane. Most of the other racers are in STOCK CARS, every driver wearing the same helmet. These are SIXERS, we’ll get back to them later. Interspersed with the Sixers are vehicles of every variet And when I say every variety I mean that some of them are cars, and some of them are hover craft, and one of them i BLIMP with a jet engine on it. Their drivers are every size, shape and color, too. They called GUNTERS. That too will be on the quiz. The closer we get to the West Side of 7th Avenue, the mor Gunters there are. The second to last car is probably the most bad-ass of the lot, a replica of DECKARD’S SPINNER f BLADE RUNNER. AECH, a handsome guy with the shoulders of a linebacker, checks the OVERSIZED ENGINE strapped to the roof.
28) 0) text: A new crowd of RACERS wait at the starting line with thei cars. Aside from the usual, indistinguishable sixers, we see SH and DAITO. Both are Japanese, in their twenties, bearing striking resemblance to one another. They each wear match suits of traditional samurai armor, a short wakizashi and longer katana strapped to their belts. They also drive matching Speed Racer cars. Parzival walks towards his DeLorean, in the center lane.
36) 0) text: SORRENTO walks out onto an outdoor executive deck. He can that THOUSANDS OF SIXERS have filed out into the courtyar below, all gazing and pointing at the sky like extras ina Spielberg film. He looks up to see..... FULL REVEAL -- THE SCOREBOARD, shining brightly in the ni sky above. There are ten spaces that for five years have been empty. But now...
49) 0) text: An excited Nolan Sorrento, on his headset, practically ru through the Sixer department at IOI.
49) 13) dialog: Mr. Sorrento! I’m in Central Park, sir!
62) 0) text: The IOI executive transport sits on a gated platform at o end of the Courtyard in One IOI Plaza. Sorrento, Parzival the Sixers zap in.
111) 0) text: Sorrento enters the Sixer department, only to see one of befuddled functionaries standing next to the rig Artemis just in.
111) 2) dialog: She was in here...
111) 4) dialog: We did, sir.
113) 0) text: Sorrento paces up and down the rows of the Sixer departme urging his troops on.
113) 2) dialog: Sir, we have reason to believe Artemis is still on the premises.
113) 4) dialog: I don’t know, but she’s in the Oasis right now.
119) 0) text: Sorrento watches from the Sixer division, growing increasingly frustrated as none of his Sixers have gotten close to the final key. He gets a message from Number Six.
125) 0) text: The DeLorean bounces across the rocky field, plowing thro and around Sixers and their allies. Parzival opens his gu wing door and leans out, steering with one hand. 109.
129) 0) text: Sorrento, infuriated, finds himself logged out of his rig rushes to get out of the rig and take another Sixer’s spo when he is approached by IOI Security.
129) 6) dialog: No. NO! Tentatively the Five step inside the Castle’s cavernous G Hall to find... The final challenge is deceivingly simple. It’s a stand u arcade cabinet of DONKEY KONG. The stressed-out Sixer makes a mistake.
129) 7) dialog: Crap! These effing barrels! 113. And POOF, he disappears. Clearly you get one shot at the challenge, then you have to start over another day. Parzival turns to look at the troops.