22) 4) dialog: I love games. I love being inside the Oasis. 23. Despite the fact that his whole house is luxurious, his r is particularly ostentatious: a rotating full body 3D Immersive Haptic Interface, like a hamster ball.
22) 5) dialog: The one luxury I spoil myself with is the best haptic immersion rig money can buy. We see B-Roll of his enormous house, his attractive FAMIL His admittedly cute dog.
23) 0) text: A younger Nolan Sorrento leads a team of jack-booted IOI thugs as they break down someone’s door. A TEN YEAR OLD G with a DISTINCTIVE BIRTHMARK watches as Sorrento reads of list of debts to her FATHER, then has him dragged out of house. The girl runs after her father, Sorrento sticks out his f and TRIPS HER.
23) 2) dialog: At IOI, we love hunting for the egg, it’s part of what makes the Oasis so fun. It’s the least convincing expression of enthusiasm ever.
35) 0) text: A massive VIRTUAL BOARD MEETING is taking place, NOLAN SORRENTO’s avatar is making a presentation about “The Loy Initiative”, a program that involves the construction of multiple LOYALTY CENTERS around the world. On an interactive MAP, we see there’s one in Columbus, on Oklahoma City, and many more planned. Then... Something catches Sorrento’s eye. Out the window. His voi drifts off...
36) 0) text: SORRENTO walks out onto an outdoor executive deck. He can that THOUSANDS OF SIXERS have filed out into the courtyar below, all gazing and pointing at the sky like extras ina Spielberg film. He looks up to see..... FULL REVEAL -- THE SCOREBOARD, shining brightly in the ni sky above. There are ten spaces that for five years have been empty. But now...
36) 2) dialog: Parzival.
40) 0) text: Nolan Sorrento’s avatar stands in the middle of an enormo white sand desert. He waits impatiently, when suddenly... A SPACESHIP DROPS DOWN in front of him, kicking up a clou sand. It looks similar to SLAVE 1, Boba Fett’s ship from Wars, but not so similar that a lawsuit could be filed. A MASSIVE WARRIOR emerges from the ship, A SPACE KNIGHT, in black, weapons bristling across his body. Imagine the Hound from Game of Thrones crossed with a goth Master Chi from Halo.
40) 1) dialog: Six, old friend, how are you? This is NUMBER SIX, an Oasis Bounty Hunter, and he is sca as shit, except for his voice. It’s incongruously nasal a unintimidating.
40) 3) dialog: Yeah, sure. 35.
40) 5) dialog: I get it. I have a job for you, Six.
40) 7) dialog: That’s why I came to you. You're the best.
40) 9) dialog: Six, why would I hire anyone else? You're my guy.
40) 11) dialog: The Sixer Army is at your disposal.
40) 13) dialog: If you think it’s too difficult...
49) 0) text: An excited Nolan Sorrento, on his headset, practically ru through the Sixer department at IOI.
49) 1) dialog: Backwards? Are you sure?
49) 3) dialog: Listen up! Backwards. That’s your clue. First one to finish the race, raise your hand. The Sixers jump back into action. Sorrento returns to his voice link conversation with Number Six.
49) 4) dialog: What do we know about this girl?
49) 7) dialog: What’s so funny? On the monitor, one of Artemis’s Oasis crimes is displaye She is TEABAGGING an NPC in COMPUTER CHESS, but her gamer NOLAN SORRENTO.
49) 8) dialog: That’s not funny.
49) 10) dialog: You did. Sorrento’s eyes linger on the picture of ARTEMIS. SORRENTO (CONT’D) It’s her.
49) 12) dialog: She’1l get you what you’re after.
49) 14) dialog: Don't let me down, Six. Sorrento hangs up and walks over to the immersion rigs. H tugs on the arm of the Sixer who just yelled.
49) 15) dialog: Come on, get out! Sorrento yanks the surprised Sixer’s visor off and puts i himself, then climbs into his rig. We notice a special TH CAP that clicks in to the gloves, and now the interface reads...
50) 0) text: Sorrento now stands in front of Bethesda Fountain in Cent Park. The copper key just floats there, waiting for him. Sorrento reaches out and GRABS IT.
50) 1) dialog: Booyah! Then he looks around to make sure no one heard that.
52) 0) text: Parzival watches in disgust as the THIRD SLOT on the scoreboard changes to the name “NOLAN SORRENTO”. Feeling guilty, Parzival pulls up Aech in his contacts. There’s no response, so Parzival leaves a message.
61) 9) dialog: It’s good to meet you in person, Parzival. I’m a fan. Seeing NOLAN SORRENTO, Parzival immediately draws his GUN and his SHIELDS power up. Sorrento walks forward.
61) 10) dialog: Whoa, take it easy, Hombre. None of us are armed. IN PARZIVAL’S HUD -- a quick scan reveals that he’s telli the truth, no weapons on any of them.
61) 12) dialog: To make you an offer.
61) 14) dialog: This is the kind of offer where you get everything you’ve ever dreamed of. Sorrento motions to a gleaming, blue TRANSPORT DISC, the fastest, and most expensive way to get around the Oasis.
61) 15) dialog: Five minutes, just hear me out, that’s all I ask. Off Parzival, debating whether to step onto that platform
62) 0) text: The IOI executive transport sits on a gated platform at o end of the Courtyard in One IOI Plaza. Sorrento, Parzival the Sixers zap in.
62) 1) dialog: I understand why people don’t like IOI. I really do. Everyone wants to stick it to the man. Sorrento leads them off the platform and into the courtya below. 59.
63) 1) dialog: And I like a good treasure hunt as much as the next person. But could you imagine if these so-called “rebs” won the contest? They walk past a stunning gravity-defying fountain toward the massive towers.
63) 2) dialog: They'd dismantle the place in weeks.
63) 4) dialog: That’s what they’d do. You take all the commerce out of the Oasis, it falls apart. Halliday always had a business model, he was no communist. As they move toward the building’s giant glass doors, Parzival sees hundreds of nameless IOI WORKERS filing out side door towards their respective shitty jobs.
63) 6) dialog: Yes, but don’t worry, they immediately move off site. The executives -- which you would be -- don’t have to interact with the worker bees. Sorrento points Z to the executive elevator.
63) 7) dialog: You'll barely ever see them. Parzival notices his AUNT ALICE’S AVATAR among the crowd. Despite his mixed feelings about her, it’s hard for him t feel good about Sorrento’s comment. 60. INT. IOI HEADQUARTERS - SORRENTO’S OFFICE (OASIS) Parzival and Sorrento step out into Sorrento’s opulent office. The windows off the observation deck afford a stunning view of the surrounding virtual city.
63) 8) dialog: IOI wants you, Parzival. To help find Halliday's Easter egg.
63) 10) dialog: You'd have everything at your disposal, you’d be free to follow any strategy...
63) 12) dialog: You'd rather run it yourself? Parzival looks at Sorrento quizzically. SORRENTO (CONT’D) Do you know how hard it is to maintain the Oasis? Do you know how many hours a day Halliday worked?
63) 13) dialog: Twenty hours a day... Twenty hours, that’s right. SORRENTO (CONT’D) That's what it takes. Is that the kind of person you are? Parzival considers this. He is definitely not a “20 hours day” kind of guy.
63) 14) dialog: Our offer won’t require twenty hours a day. But it does come with your own penthouse apartment in Columbus, with the highest speed connection, and the best deck money can buy. This gets Parzival’s attention.
63) 17) dialog: You'll have all of our company's vast resources at your disposal. Money, weapons, magic items, ships, artifacts. You name it. And I haven’t even gotten to how well this job pays.
63) 19) dialog: (interrupting) Two million a year. To start.
63) 21) dialog: Regardless of outcome. And if and when you help us find the egg? You'll get a twenty-five-million- dollar bonus.
63) 24) dialog: Look, Z, I know you’re using emotion-suppressing software right now, and why wouldn’t you? It’s smart not to give away your hand. In the background, the planet's simulated sun begins to s casting a glow over the room. It’s actually quite beautif 62.
63) 25) dialog: But one thing I can tell you is that life is a lot easier when you have money in the real world. Relationships are easier. Parzival isn’t sure what he’s getting at, but it definite makes him think.
63) 27) dialog: (knows the question) As our employee, you’d be playing on behalf of IOI.
63) 29) dialog: We would own it, Wade. All of us who work at IOI. Well, all of us who own stock.
63) 31) dialog: Ah yes, equal bandwidth, Halliday’s dream. Do you know how much that slows things down, Wade? It’s a lovely idea, but do you know how much faster and better the Oasis can be? If we maximize the bandwidth potential for income? ON PARZIVAL -- hearing those buzzwords, maximize bandwidt potential. It strikes a chord.
63) 32) dialog: Your 25 million will be worth fifty million two months after IOI takes over. That's a guarantee. Fifty million, is that a good deal?
63) 35) dialog: I’m sure you'll regret it, but I understand, I really do. In fact, I'd like to say something off the record.
63) 36) text: Parzival shrugs, “why not?” With a wave of his hand, Sorrento disables all the camera and microphones in the room. SORRENTO (CONT’D) The truth is, I had to make this offer. The Board insisted. But I was really hoping you would say no. Because if anyone wins, it’s going to be me. My avatar will get that egg, because the truth is, I am the only one with the balls to run this place right.
63) 38) dialog: Ha, funny. There’s the obnoxious wit I’ve heard about. Well, consider yourself lucky, Wade, because you won’t be around to experience my “maniacal” reign. Parzival reacts. Did he just say “Wade”? Sorrento gets a wicked grin on his face. SORRENTO (CONT’D) Yes, that’s right. I know who you are. Wade Owen Watts. Born August twelfth, 2024. Both parents deceased. I also know where you are. A vidfeed window opens directly behind Sorrento, displayi live aerial view of Wade’s Stacks. SORRENTO (CONT’D) You live with your aunt in the Stacks. 700 Portland Avenue in Oklahoma City. (MORE )
63) 40) dialog: Unit 56-K, to be exact. You were last seen entering her trailer three days ago and you haven't left since. Which means you're still there right now, and there’s no time to get out. He puts a hand on Parzival’s shoulder.
63) 41) dialog: I’m sorry Wade, it really wasn’t personal. Parzival suddenly blinks out. Sorrento turns back to the vidfeed monitor, watching as IOI DRONES approach the Stac
83) 0) text: Sorrento is looking at images of what little is left of t Portland Avenue Stacks, including Wade’s Bootsuit. He tal to NUMBER SIX on his HUD at the same time.
83) 2) dialog: Not possible, I... deleted his account. Permanently. Clearly Six doesn’t know exactly how deep and dirty Sorre goes.
83) 4) dialog: We have to go about this a different way. Get me her identity.
83) 6) dialog: I don't care, just find out who she is. Sorrento signs off. INT. AECH’S BASEMENT (OASIS) In the Oasis, the First Five clan celebrates their victor singing along to “We Are the Champions”. In a rousing moment, Aech turns to Artemis. He holds up h hand for an old-fashioned high-five.
94) 0) text: Sorrento, in his office in the Oasis, receives an update through a vidfeed window in his HUD. Number Six stands in front of ANORAK'S CASTLE, INSIDE the force field.
94) 2) dialog: I’m on my way. Don’t do anything until I get there. I want to be the one to walk through the gate.
95) 0) text: Sorrento leaves his office, heading for the executive transport platform in the IOI courtyard. As he walks past gravity-defying fountain, someone steps in his way. It’s a bad-ass looking Samurai. Despite a face mask, we recognize him as SHOTO. Sorrento tries to step around him but Shoto blocks him.
95) 1) dialog: Get the hell out of my way! Do you know who I am?
95) 3) dialog: Are you serious? Security! Before Sorrento can get the word out, SHOTO ZAPS SORRENTO WITH a CATTLE PROD. His avatar crumbles to the ground. INT. SORRENTO’S HOME -- THE REAL WORLD Nolan Sorrento’s eyes suddenly jolt open. That actually h He looks around. 94. He’s in his Haptic Hamster Ball, in the same room we saw during the virtual tour of his home. He breathes a sigh o relief, the Oasis is so real sometimes... Relieved, he pulls off his visor, then hits a button, whi rotates him until he is standing. The hamster ball separa revealing... WADE WATTS, in the flesh, standing right in front of him.
95) 5) dialog: No, it’s not possible. Sorrento climbs out, catching a glimpse of his own reflec in the polished walls of the rig. It’s real world Sorrent all right.
95) 6) dialog: How did you get into my home?
97) 8) dialog: I’m not, don’t! They didn’t kill her, she’s still alive! Wade suddenly looks up.
97) 10) dialog: The girl, Artemis. We didn’t kill her in the raid. We have her! Wade and Aech exchange a look. INT. SORRENTO’S FAKE DECK Wade storms into the room and grabs Sorrento by the colla
97) 12) dialog: IOI, with the other Sixers! She’s fine, a little bruised but... WADE goes for Sorrento and Shoto has to hold him back.
97) 16) dialog: What was that? Sorrento looks at his reflection again, and this time not something strange about the back of his head. He tries to contort himself so he can see it, but it’s not easy. 98. Another BUMP, another GLITCH... Sorrento’s eyes narrow. He knows what’s going on.
97) 17) dialog: You slimy little bastard. Guess what, I am gonna hurt your little girlfriend. Suddenly Sorrento starts pulling at wires that don’t seem be there and... he DISAPPEARS!
98) 0) text: The real Sorrento wakes up in his actual home, in his rea rig, his high-impact haptic skull piece no longer attache He carefully opens his hamster ball... There’s no one there. Furious, Sorrento scrambles out of his unit for real.
105) 0) text: Sorrento, in his own car, is moments away from IOI HQ.
105) 1) dialog: Have my rig ready. After I talk to the girl, I’m going in.
107) 0) text: Sorrento pulls into the executive lot. He literally throw his keys at the valet parking guy. 103.
111) 0) text: Sorrento enters the Sixer department, only to see one of befuddled functionaries standing next to the rig Artemis just in.
111) 1) dialog: No. You're kidding me.
111) 3) dialog: I thought you had her tethered?
111) 5) dialog: Well find her! DAMN YOU, FIND HER! The Sixer runs off, frightened.
113) 0) text: Sorrento paces up and down the rows of the Sixer departme urging his troops on.
113) 1) dialog: Come on, people, first one to get to the final screen gets a bonus. I’m counting on you. A SIXER approaches.
113) 3) dialog: Where?
119) 0) text: Sorrento watches from the Sixer division, growing increasingly frustrated as none of his Sixers have gotten close to the final key. He gets a message from Number Six.
120) 0) text: Number Six stands outside the Castle. Sorrento appears in vidfeed window, watching with him. They peer into the distance. PARZIVAL stands atop the highest point of Anorak's Fence, holding a BOOMBOX above his head. We hear the first few strains of high-pitched guitar...
121) 0) text: Number Six notices that Sorrento has disappeared from his HUD. He turns to look back at the Horde.
123) 0) text: Sorrento zaps in on the transport platform and walks over Number Six, just as the FORCE FIELD SUDDENLY VANISHES.
123) 2) dialog: Sixer Army, do not let them through the castle walls! Attack! The Sixer Army races out to meet the enemy.
128) 0) text: Sorrento, starting to get nervous, sees that the tide is turning. He pages through his HUD, looking for the right weapon. EXT. ANORAK’S CASTLE Shoto and Daito are at the front lines, expertly cutting trolls and IOI soldiers with their samurai swords, trying clear the one bridge into the castle when... They come face to face with a SAURON/SMAUG/VOLDEMORT mash Forty feet tall, one huge EYE staring down at them menacingly. Shoto and Daito brandish their swords and face off with t creature, realizing... it’s SORRENTO. Sorrento makes short work of Daito, though Shoto manages hack off one of his hands. Then AECH steps in as the IRON GIANT. He SQUASHES SORRENT
129) 0) text: Sorrento, infuriated, finds himself logged out of his rig rushes to get out of the rig and take another Sixer’s spo when he is approached by IOI Security.
130) 0) text: Sorrento and his Security team race into the Loyalty Cent bullpen. Sorrento taps a screen, bringing up a GUIDE to w in which rig. ON THE SCREEN -- Every rig has the same name, NOLAN SORRE 115.
130) 1) dialog: Let's go, rig by rig, start checking! The team spreads out through the room, opening one rig af another, searching for Wade and Artemis. INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE (OASIS) Parzival calmly progresses through a game of Donkey Kong.
131) 0) text: Sorrento is starting to lose hope that he will find them, room is so big, there are so many rigs to check... INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE (OASIS) Parzival approaches the legendary UNOPENABLE CRYSTAL GATE is famed for its lack of a keyhole, but today it has THRE keyholes. Parzival takes out the Copper Key and places it into the first key hole. Then he puts the jade key in the second, and the crystal key in the third. He turns the th keys one by one, then... THE CRYSTAL GATE OPENS, leading into a spinning whirlpool stars. Parzival steps through the gate... 116. INT. ANORAK’S CASTLE - STUDY (OASIS) And into Anorak's study. Towering shelves line the room, filled with ancient scrolls and dusty spellbooks. And floating in the center of the room... The egg. Parzival stares at it, a large white oval with pixelated edges. He gently takes it in his hands, in awe. Directly beneath a black dragon painting, on an ornate crystal pedestal, sits a gold chalice, encrusted with tin jewels. Its diameter matches that of Parzival’s silver eg Parzival places the egg in the chalice. It fits perfectly In the distance, a fanfare of TRUMPETS grows, and the egg begins to glow.
132) 0) text: Wade is suddenly pulled out of the Oasis and back into th real world. His rig is surrounded by IOI Security, who al hold Artemis hostage. Nolan Sorrento holds a gun up to Wa
132) 1) dialog: Out. Get out of the rig. Wade climbs out, though he LEAVES HIS HEADSET with the microphone facing out.
132) 2) dialog: The notion that a piece of stack- trash like you would ever run the Oasis is laughable. The entire system would fall apart in days. 118.
132) 4) dialog: Well, I guess we’ll just see about that. Because you’re not walking out of here alive.
132) 6) dialog: You’re not in the Oasis anymore.
132) 11) dialog: Well, what’s your proposal? 119.
133) 0) text: As Sorrento is taken into police custody, Wade and Artemi are joined by Aech, Shoto and Daito. They do a communal t slap hi-five, because as goofy as it looks, that is what’ cool in 2044.