16) 2) text: With the final Amen, the neighbors drift from the gravesi pulling their Children along, to give William a last mome of private grief before the grave diggers cover the bodie The boy stands alone over the open graves, his heart so  shattered that he can scarcely cry; a single tear makes i way down his face. And the tiny girl feels for William in way that the adults cannot. From the ground she pulls a  Scottish thistle, moves to the softly weeping William and places the beautiful wild blossom in his hand. William looks up and their young eyes meet; her sad blue  eyes hold William's as the grave diggers cover the bodies Then a lone, mounted figure appears at the crest of the h above them. Tall, thin and angular, in black clerical gar he looks like the grim reaper. The girl hurries back to her mother's side; everyone watc in silence as the figure rides down to them. He is ARGYLE WALLACE. He looks like a human buzzard, his face craggy,  permanently furious.
16) 4) text: Argyle glowers at the man, dismounts, and glares at Willi William stares up at this frightening figure. They are  interrupted by the ominous sound of approaching horses; a dozen mounted English soldiers, armed with lances, are  approaching. Argyle rattles to the priest...
16) 5) dialog: You were wise to hurry.
16) 8) dialog: We just had a funeral, isn't that  what it means in England as well?
16) 10) dialog: My brother and nephew perished two  days ago, when their hay cart turned  over.
16) 12) dialog: They've been sanctified and buried  in the holy rites of God's church,  and any hand that disturbs them now  takes on eternal damnation. So please --  do it.
16) 13) text: Outmaneuvered, the leader reins his horse away. Several o the farmers spit on the ground. Argyle glares at them.
16) 14) dialog: Funeral's over. Go home.
17) 0) text: William and Argyle are sitting at the table, eating. Argy has laid out a proper meal, with exact place settings.
17) 1) dialog: Not that spoon, that one's for soup.  Dip away from you. And don't slurp.
17) 2) text: Argyle sits down and begins to dine with the boy.
17) 3) dialog: We'll sleep here tonight. You'll  come home with me. We'll let the  house, and the lands too; plenty of  willing neighbors.
17) 5) dialog: Didn't want your father to die either,  did ya? But it happened.
17) 6) text: Argyle pushes his food away; he has no appetite now.
17) 7) dialog: Did the priest say anything about  the Resurrection? Or was it all about  Judgment?
17) 9) dialog: Non loquis Latinum? You don't speak  Latin? We have to fix that, won't  we? (beat) Did he give the poetic benediction?  The Lord bless thee and keep thee?  Patris Benefactum et -- (beat) ...It was Malcolm's favorite.
18) 0) text: Argyle knows nothing about tucking a boy in bed; he stand awkwardly idle as William scrubs his face at the washstan and crawls into bed.
18) 2) text: Argyle grunts and starts out. Then he stops, turns back,  leans down over William... and with great tenderness the  grizzled old uncle kisses his nephew on his hair.
19) 0) text: Argyle sits by the hearth, staring at the embers. He hold the huge broadsword that belonged to his brother. He look at the handle, like a cross. He whispers...
19) 1) dialog: "The Lord bless thee and keep thee..."
23) 0) text: William moves to the top of the hill where his ancestors buried, and discovers a haunting scene: two dozen men, th farmer/warriors of his neighborhood, are gathered in kilt and among them, a core of bagpipers. The pipes wail an an Scottish dirge, a tune of grief and redemption, a melody  known to us as "Amazing Grace." Uncle Argyle has heard th and walked out too; he stands at the fringes of the  torchlight, still holding the massive broadsword. He glan down, noticing William as the boy moves up beside him. Wi whispers...
23) 2) dialog: Saying goodbye in their own way --  in outlawed tartans, with outlawed  pipes, playing outlawed tunes.
23) 3) text: The farmers file by the graveside, crossing themselves, e whispering his own private prayer. Argyle whispers, half William, and half to himself...
23) 4) dialog: Your Daddy and I, we saw our own  father buried like this, dead from  fighting the English.
23) 5) text: William takes the sword from his uncle, and tries to lift it. Slowly, Argyle takes the sword back.
23) 6) dialog: First learn to use this.
23) 8) dialog: Then I will teach you to use this.