6) 6) dialog: Wallace is right! We fight 'em!
13) 1) text: An ox cart is coming down the curving lane. Its driver is Campbell, with MacClannough walking behind it. The farmer glance up at William, their faces grim... From his perch in the loft, William sees that the neighbo have brought: the bodies of his father and brother. The c stops; Campbell, with a bandage around his left hand wher more of his fingers are now missing, studies the back of ox, as if it could tell him how to break such news. The b of the ox seems to tell him to be matter-of-fact.
13) 2) dialog: William... Come down here, lad.
15) 0) text: On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is  preparing them. Cloths around the lower jaw and top of th head bind their mouths shut; pennies cover their eyes. Softly, William enters the shed, drawn to his father and  brother. Campbell follows him in, wanting to stop him -- what can he say now? The undertaker goes on with his work William approaches the table; the bodies don't look real him. He sees the wounds. The dried blood. The undertake pours water from a bowl and scrubs off the  blood. But the wounds remain.
29) 0) text: Flutes and dancing; laughter and garlands; village famili have gathered for a wedding celebration -- we see the hap bride and groom. Farmers cart in fresh bread and hoops of cheese; villagers arrive with casks of beer or strings of smoked fish. And watching the people are ubiquitous English soldiers,  battlescarred veterans with missing eyes and ears. Riding along the road comes William Wallace. Grown now, a man. He sits his horse as if born there, his back straigh his hands relaxed on the reins. He has a look of lean, ri power. He looks dangerous. And the soldiers notice him, nudging each other as he pas He carries a dead wild goose hanging across his saddle; h stops his horse at the edge of the clearing and surveys t scene. Farmers are roasting a pig; women are comparing  handiwork; young men are tossing huge stones in the  traditional Highland games -- and everyone is noticing  William's arrival, especially the farm women with daughte of marriageable age. Among those watching William arrive is Campbell, grown ol now; and with his old rebel friend, MacClannough. William dismounts and ties his horse to a willow. One of the Engl SOLDIERS shoves William from behind.
29) 33) dialog: He's tired, he should get a longer  run.
29) 35) dialog: Brave show!
29) 38) dialog: An ox is strong, but not clever.
29) 44) dialog: A fine display, young Wallace!
33) 0) text: William is re-thatching the roof of his barn, when he hea riders approaching, and looks down to see that it is  MacClannough, backed by Campbell and Hamish. Uh-oh.
33) 3) dialog: MacClannough's daughter is another  matter. We come to fetch you to a  meeting.
33) 5) dialog: The secret kind.
33) 7) dialog: Your father was a fighter. And a  patriot.
33) 9) text: Campbell shakes his head and reins his horse away, with  Hamish. MacClannough lingers.
43) 2) text: We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his hor pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with th eyes white with fear... They stand to shoot at him with t bows; the arrows WHISH toward the lens, fly past... The arrows tear through Wallace's clothes, but don't catc his flesh. He charges on; his horse LEAPS the barrier as  Wallace simultaneously swings the broadsword -- and he's  more than an expert: the tip, at the end of a huge arc, n breaks the sound barrier and the blade bites through the  corporal's helmet, taking off the upper half of his head! The soldiers try to rally, to shoot him in the back as hi horse leaps over them. One of them has sighted William's  back... But Hamish and his father crash into them! It's a wild fight; old Campbell takes an arrow through the shoul but keeps hacking with his sword; Hamish batters down two men -- and more Scots arrive! They overwhelm the soldiers
44) 9) dialog: Say Grace to God, lads. We've just  seen the coming of the Messiah.
45) 0) text: The villagers are still excited by what just happened; at the blacksmith's forge, men tend to Campbell's wound...
45) 1) dialog: Pour it straight into the wound. I  know it seems a waste of good whiskey,  but indulge me.
45) 2) text: They obey, then take a glowing poker from the fire and ru it through Campbell's shoulder, where the arrow went. The is a terrible SIZZLE, and Campbell reacts to the pain.
45) 3) dialog: Ah. Now that'll clear your sinuses,  lads.
45) 4) text: Campbell looks down at his left hand. His thumb is missin
45) 5) dialog: Well bloody Hell, look at this! Now  it's nothing but a fly swatter.
45) 6) text: Wallace is sitting alone nearby, staring at nothing. Hami moves over and puts a hand on his shoulder. Wallace looks his friend, and looks away; killing the Magistrate did no bring Marion back. SHOUTS of alarm: ARMED MEN are coming! The farmers scramb for their weapons, ready to fight; even Campbell jumps up but what they see coming out of the darkness are twenty m farmers, with hayhooks, knives, axes, anything they could find for weapons. Their leader is MacGREGOR.
45) 7) dialog: MacGregor -- from the next valley!
54) 1) dialog: What're ya doin'?
54) 3) dialog: Does it hurt?
54) 13) text: As he reaches into his cloak, both Hamish and Campbell  instantly draw their swords and put the points to his nec
54) 24) dialog: Insane Irish --
54) 25) text: Stephen whips a dagger from his sleeve and puts it at  Campbell's throat.
61) 21) text: Wallace reins his horse around to face the mob of sullen  men, now frightened, ready to desert. We play this pictur Wallace sitting his horse, looking down in awe at this th that has grown beyond anyone's imagination. He glances at his friends: Campbell, Hamish, Stephen. They've got no suggestions, they're just as awed as he is
61) 39) text: BAGPIPERS play, pulling the mob back into companies. But  through the lifting mists they see the overwhelming enemy army. Hamish, Campbell and Stephen move up beside William
61) 42) text: Campbell, Hamish and Stephen ride off. Mornay reins his h over, lifts the reins of Wallace's horse, and extends the to him: an invitation to join the pre-battle talks. Wallace mounts up and rides out with the Scottish nobles meet the English contingent.
64) 5) text: The nobles on each side of the table try to outdo each ot in their acclamation as Wallace strides in, flanked by Ha Campbell, and Stephen, splendid in their tartans. Old Craig rises.
68) 1) dialog: A royal entourage comes, flying  banners of truce, and the standards  of Longshanks himself!
68) 5) text: Servants pull back the sides of the tent door, and a tall slender, shapely female figure appears there. There in th shadows, she looks just like Marion! William is not the o one who notices the resemblance; he glances at Hamish and Campbell and sees them haunted by it too. Is this another dream? He pales, as she steps into the morning sun. She m toward him, her face lowered. It is Marion! She reaches him, lifts her face... and he sees the Prince William is relieved -- and yet as he sees the Princess mo closely he is still shaken by the resemblance in the way carries herself, her shape, the fall of her hair. The Princess is struck with Wallace, too -- tall, powerfu and commanding. Wallace dismounts, and moves to face her. Their eyes hang on each other. She sees something that sh has not seen in the face of a man in her whole life. She surprises him by bending at the knee, in a half-submi yet proud curtsey.
68) 12) text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeo walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his le like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,  shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French gua so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots  surround the tent, ready for ambush. Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wal she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower  chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair. She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
68) 31) text: Stephen moves off with Hamish and Campbell. Wallace and t princess are left alone.
74) 0) text: The Scottish army moves out onto the hilly plain, covered the gray mists. They see glimpses of the enemy in the  distance. Wallace deploys the Scots: Campbell with the  schiltrons (spear formations), Stephen with the infantry, the noble Mornay leading the cavalry, and with Wallace an Hamish on horseback, looking over the field. Hamish sees  gazing up at an empty hill above the field.
74) 14) text: Loyal to the end. Wallace signals to Hamish and Campbell, among the schiltrons. The formations, bristling with spea move forward. Hamish looks back at Wallace; both men know the spearmen are the bait here. Wallace and Stephen see t English heavy cavalry advancing.
74) 35) text: And Wallace sees that Hamish is holding his father, falle in battle. Wallace has no time to react; he cuts down and English swordsman moving in to hack Hamish's back. Wallac lifts Campbell across the saddle, and shouts at Hamish...
75) 0) text: Remnants of the defeated army straggle past. Wallace and  Stephen are trying to help Hamish carry his father, but n old Campbell says...
75) 1) dialog: Son... I want to die on the ground.
75) 2) text: But as they tilt old Campbell onto the ground, he grabs a something that starts to fall from the wound in his stoma
75) 3) dialog: Whew. That'll clear your sinuses.  Goodbye, boys.
75) 5) dialog: I don't think I can do without one  of those... whatever it is...
75) 8) text: Old Campbell rallies one more time for this.
75) 9) dialog: ...And glad to die, like him... So  you could be the men you are. All of  ya.
75) 11) dialog: I'm a happy man.