3) 0) text: Nestled in emerald hills are the thatched roof house and  barn and outbuildings of a well-run farm. The farmer, MAL WALLACE, and his nineteen-year-old son JOHN, both strong, tough men, are riding away from the farm. They hear hoove behind them and turn to see a boy riding after them.
13) 1) text: An ox cart is coming down the curving lane. Its driver is Campbell, with MacClannough walking behind it. The farmer glance up at William, their faces grim... From his perch in the loft, William sees that the neighbo have brought: the bodies of his father and brother. The c stops; Campbell, with a bandage around his left hand wher more of his fingers are now missing, studies the back of ox, as if it could tell him how to break such news. The b of the ox seems to tell him to be matter-of-fact.
16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.
16) 13) text: Outmaneuvered, the leader reins his horse away. Several o the farmers spit on the ground. Argyle glares at them.
23) 0) text: William moves to the top of the hill where his ancestors buried, and discovers a haunting scene: two dozen men, th farmer/warriors of his neighborhood, are gathered in kilt and among them, a core of bagpipers. The pipes wail an an Scottish dirge, a tune of grief and redemption, a melody  known to us as "Amazing Grace." Uncle Argyle has heard th and walked out too; he stands at the fringes of the  torchlight, still holding the massive broadsword. He glan down, noticing William as the boy moves up beside him. Wi whispers...
23) 3) text: The farmers file by the graveside, crossing themselves, e whispering his own private prayer. Argyle whispers, half William, and half to himself...
29) 0) text: Flutes and dancing; laughter and garlands; village famili have gathered for a wedding celebration -- we see the hap bride and groom. Farmers cart in fresh bread and hoops of cheese; villagers arrive with casks of beer or strings of smoked fish. And watching the people are ubiquitous English soldiers,  battlescarred veterans with missing eyes and ears. Riding along the road comes William Wallace. Grown now, a man. He sits his horse as if born there, his back straigh his hands relaxed on the reins. He has a look of lean, ri power. He looks dangerous. And the soldiers notice him, nudging each other as he pas He carries a dead wild goose hanging across his saddle; h stops his horse at the edge of the clearing and surveys t scene. Farmers are roasting a pig; women are comparing  handiwork; young men are tossing huge stones in the  traditional Highland games -- and everyone is noticing  William's arrival, especially the farm women with daughte of marriageable age. Among those watching William arrive is Campbell, grown ol now; and with his old rebel friend, MacClannough. William dismounts and ties his horse to a willow. One of the Engl SOLDIERS shoves William from behind.
29) 6) text: They don't believe that -- but they can't find any punctu wound on the bird. William reaches his hand out for the r of the bird. The soldiers drop it onto the ground. Slowly, William picks it up, and heads into the clearing. The farmers watch him come. Among those noticing William's arrival, but pretending no to, is MARION MacCLANNOUGH, grown now into a stunning you woman; her long auburn hair reminds us of those years lon ago; she wears it the same way, straight and full down he back. Her dress is plain, like the grass that surrounds a wildflower. She's the most beautiful girl in the village, maybe in all of Scotland, and the soldiers who hassled Wi notice her too. William reaches the food table and contributes his goose the feast. FARM WOMEN eye him; he nodes to one.
29) 18) text: With a sudden movement, he slams his fist into William's  jaw, dropping him. A few men move to interfere, but Campb MacClannough, and the other farmers who are the true lead here, stop their neighbors from interrupting. Hamish stan over William, waiting for him to get up.
29) 32) dialog: That's not fair!
29) 45) text: William takes a tankard of ale from a farmer, walks over tosses the cold liquid into Hamish's face; he wakes, and, his eyes uncrossing, accepts William's hand, pulling him
44) 10) text: William staggers a few steps, and collapses to his knees. And then not just the Scottish farmers but the townspeopl too begin a strange, Hi-Lo chant.
45) 6) text: Wallace is sitting alone nearby, staring at nothing. Hami moves over and puts a hand on his shoulder. Wallace looks his friend, and looks away; killing the Magistrate did no bring Marion back. SHOUTS of alarm: ARMED MEN are coming! The farmers scramb for their weapons, ready to fight; even Campbell jumps up but what they see coming out of the darkness are twenty m farmers, with hayhooks, knives, axes, anything they could find for weapons. Their leader is MacGREGOR.
58) 49) text: The same tale is exchanged by two farmers AT A CROSSROADS
58) 50) dialog: A hundred men! With his own sword!  He cut a through the English like --
60) 2) text: At a crossroads, more of Wallace's men join them, in clus One group carries something long, encased in wool covers. Farmers in the field, blacksmiths at their forges, leave  their work and uncover their inevitable weapons and run a the riders. They put on their forbidden tartans, kiss the wives and head off to fight.