7) 8) dialog: How many?
7) 10) dialog: Armed?
7) 12) dialog: With your father and brother gone,  they'll kill us and burn the farm!
7) 14) text: Hamish leans forward for a look, but William pulls him ba
8) 1) dialog: Wanna stay with me tonight?
8) 3) dialog: We'll get those English pigs tomorrow.
29) 11) text: It is his old friend, but Hamish won't admit it, or be pu off from the challenge. He points to the huge stone.
29) 12) dialog: Test of manhood.
29) 14) dialog: (blocks him) Call it a test of soldiery, then.  The English won't let us train with  weapons, so we train with stones.
29) 16) text: He taps his temple. Hamish stretches out his hand, as if show William something in his palm.
29) 17) dialog: No. It's here.
29) 18) text: With a sudden movement, he slams his fist into William's  jaw, dropping him. A few men move to interfere, but Campb MacClannough, and the other farmers who are the true lead here, stop their neighbors from interrupting. Hamish stan over William, waiting for him to get up.
29) 20) text: William stands and hoists the huge stone, eighteen inches diameter. Straining with the effort, he lugs the stone to the line scratched in the rocky field. Beyond the line ar the muddy dents from previous tosses. William takes a run and heaves the stone. It flies past the other marks in th field; people are impressed. William looks at Hamish.
29) 22) dialog: That depends on the man.
29) 23) text: Hamish walks out, lifts the stone, and lugs it back to th line. He takes a run and heaves with a great groan! The s flies, passing William's mark by a couple of feet. People laugh and whistle. William nods, impressed.
29) 25) dialog: I could crush you like a roach.
29) 26) text: William walks to the dent made by Hamish's throw.
29) 28) text: Hamish scowls at William, at everybody watching. He lifts the stone and carries it back to the line. William stands calmly. Hamish backs up for his run. William yawns.
29) 29) dialog: You'll move
29) 31) text: Hamish backs up a few more feet, for a longer run.
29) 34) text: William seems completely unafraid. He leans down, picks u small smooth stone and tosses it up in the air casually. Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves! The stone flies through the air, just misses Will head, and buries itself halfway into the earth behind him William never flinches. The people cheer.
29) 36) text: Hamish is miffed; it's like William won.
29) 37) dialog: I threw longer than last time!
29) 39) dialog: An ox is stupid enough to just stand  in one place.
29) 41) text: William turns, walks double the distance Hamish threw, an turns and hurls the rock he holds! It whistles through th air, hits Hamish in the forehead, and drops him like a sh
29) 45) text: William takes a tankard of ale from a farmer, walks over tosses the cold liquid into Hamish's face; he wakes, and, his eyes uncrossing, accepts William's hand, pulling him
29) 47) dialog: I should'a remembered the eggs.
33) 0) text: William is re-thatching the roof of his barn, when he hea riders approaching, and looks down to see that it is  MacClannough, backed by Campbell and Hamish. Uh-oh.
33) 9) text: Campbell shakes his head and reins his horse away, with  Hamish. MacClannough lingers.
43) 2) text: We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his hor pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with th eyes white with fear... They stand to shoot at him with t bows; the arrows WHISH toward the lens, fly past... The arrows tear through Wallace's clothes, but don't catc his flesh. He charges on; his horse LEAPS the barrier as  Wallace simultaneously swings the broadsword -- and he's  more than an expert: the tip, at the end of a huge arc, n breaks the sound barrier and the blade bites through the  corporal's helmet, taking off the upper half of his head! The soldiers try to rally, to shoot him in the back as hi horse leaps over them. One of them has sighted William's  back... But Hamish and his father crash into them! It's a wild fight; old Campbell takes an arrow through the shoul but keeps hacking with his sword; Hamish batters down two men -- and more Scots arrive! They overwhelm the soldiers
46) 11) text: Hamish extends the reins of the Lord's thoroughbred.
50) 0) text: William and Hamish ride, to see the damage. They find the smoking ruins, and the defiled family graves.
50) 1) dialog: Ah, William... I am so sorry.
51) 0) text: We open on Marion's grave, with the thistle-carved marker looking peaceful; but up the hill in the underbrush, Engl soldiers wait in ambush. Edgy, they perk up at the sound muffled hoofbeats -- then their eyes bug as a cloaked fig Wallace -- suddenly looms up behind them, galloping and  swirling fire! He hurls burning torches into the clustere soldiers, setting some of them on fire! MEANWHILE, HAMISH has crawled to Marion's grave and is di frantically. The new dirt parts easily and he pulls the  shrouded body out, cringing with the effort. MORE SOLDIERS rush from behind the rocks at the far side the graveyard. Wallace charges them, driving them back. H grabs the reins of Hamish's horse, hidden among trees, an gallops to him. Hamish hands the shrouded body up to William and bounds i the saddle of his own horse. They spur the horses and rid away, William clutching Marion's shrouded body to his che
52) 0) text: William dismounts, stretching the body gently on the grou Hamish dismounts too, with the spade he used to dig up th old grave. He sees the emotion on William's face.
52) 1) dialog: I'll wait... back there.
52) 3) text: Hamish puts a hand on his friend's shoulder, then quietly leads the horses away. William starts to dig...
53) 0) text: Hamish is waiting as William comes out of the grove. Ther is nothing to say. They mount their horses and ride away, the MUSIC of William and Marion's love haunts us...
54) 0) text: Wallace and his inner circle hare huddled around a small  fire. Other highlanders guard the perimeters. Old Campbel is lovingly honing the broadswords to razor edges and sha a whiskey jug with Hamish, who stares at the fire. Wallac is using a stick to draw diagrams in the dirt.
54) 7) dialog: Fourteen? --
54) 13) text: As he reaches into his cloak, both Hamish and Campbell  instantly draw their swords and put the points to his nec
54) 22) dialog: Is your Poppa a ghost -- or do you  converse with God Almighty?
54) 31) dialog: A common thief.
55) 0) text: A column of English light cavalry -- a hundred riders --  moves through the picturesque beauty of the Highlands. English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with pompous white plume. UP AHEAD, the English SCOUT sees fiv Scots, including Hamish, walking out of the forest. The S run; the Scout rides back to Dolecroft.
55) 3) text: The English force charges off. Hamish and his men changed direction but the English spot them crossing a hilltop an ride after them. The Scots run for their lives; the Engli horses gallop. The Scots run down one slope, up another; English follow, find their horses stumbling, and see...
55) 6) text: But as they move toward the firm ground, fifty Scots appe on the crest of the hill. Hamish leads them, smiling. Dolecroft wheels and looks to his rear; Wallace appears t with fifty more, and more Scots appear to the left and ri of the English, who are surrounded in the bog. Too late,  Dolecroft realizes his blunder. Wallace lifts his broadsw screams, and leads the charge...
58) 10) dialog: Wake up!...
58) 13) dialog: William! Hounds!
58) 14) text: Wallace jumps up, hearing the DISTANT BARKING that alarme Hamish. Stephen, the new Irish recruit, races up.
58) 16) dialog: We don't split up!
58) 21) text: Again they divide, and race in different directions. But no matter how they run and dodge, the BARKS grow near We INTERCUT with the approaching of the dogs -- a large P OF HOUNDS, with keepers like on a fox hunt, and behind th dogs, Lord Pickering, with his soldiers, prepared for a l chase, cloaked against the wet darkness, carrying torches Wallace and others pause, hear the dogs, and run again, i new direction. The hounds are relentless. Wallace's group down to Hamish, Stephen, and Faudron.
58) 42) dialog: ARRRRRGGGGGGGHHHH!
58) 43) text: Three wild men tear out of the darkness from different  directions, their swords slashing. Pickering's men panic run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident their torches, fell with them in all directions. Wallace, Hamish and Stephen are left alone in the heart o the woods, howling, barking like dogs, snarling like wolv and then laughing like hyenas!
58) 46) dialog: Let's kill him anyway.
61) 21) text: Wallace reins his horse around to face the mob of sullen  men, now frightened, ready to desert. We play this pictur Wallace sitting his horse, looking down in awe at this th that has grown beyond anyone's imagination. He glances at his friends: Campbell, Hamish, Stephen. They've got no suggestions, they're just as awed as he is
61) 39) text: BAGPIPERS play, pulling the mob back into companies. But  through the lifting mists they see the overwhelming enemy army. Hamish, Campbell and Stephen move up beside William
61) 42) text: Campbell, Hamish and Stephen ride off. Mornay reins his h over, lifts the reins of Wallace's horse, and extends the to him: an invitation to join the pre-battle talks. Wallace mounts up and rides out with the Scottish nobles meet the English contingent.
61) 58) text: They return to the Scottish lines. Wallace dismounts wher his men are breaking out new 14-foot spears. Hamish, eyeb raised, looks expectantly at Wallace; Wallace nods.
61) 59) dialog: Wish I could see the noble lord's  face when he tells him.
62) 21) text: WALLACE smiles. He grabs Hamish.
62) 23) text: Hamish hurries off with the message. The English infantry keeps moving across the little bridg The Scottish nobles watch from their positions on horseba They have a few dozen mounted riders, none heavily armore
62) 25) text: Hamish hurries up.
62) 26) dialog: Ride around and ford behind them!
62) 28) dialog: Wallace says do it! And he says for  you to let the English see you!
68) 5) text: Servants pull back the sides of the tent door, and a tall slender, shapely female figure appears there. There in th shadows, she looks just like Marion! William is not the o one who notices the resemblance; he glances at Hamish and Campbell and sees them haunted by it too. Is this another dream? He pales, as she steps into the morning sun. She m toward him, her face lowered. It is Marion! She reaches him, lifts her face... and he sees the Prince William is relieved -- and yet as he sees the Princess mo closely he is still shaken by the resemblance in the way carries herself, her shape, the fall of her hair. The Princess is struck with Wallace, too -- tall, powerfu and commanding. Wallace dismounts, and moves to face her. Their eyes hang on each other. She sees something that sh has not seen in the face of a man in her whole life. She surprises him by bending at the knee, in a half-submi yet proud curtsey.
68) 12) text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeo walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his le like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,  shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French gua so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots  surround the tent, ready for ambush. Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wal she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower  chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair. She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
68) 31) text: Stephen moves off with Hamish and Campbell. Wallace and t princess are left alone.
69) 0) text: Wallace and his captains sit on horseback at the head of  their company and watch as the Princess' procession leave Hamish studies Wallace's face; Wallace notices and gives a non-committal shrug. As the carriage rolls away, its wi curtains lift back slightly. All they see are the Princes fingers, but they know she looked back. Wallace reins his horse away, to ride back to camp.
71) 1) dialog: William -- French guards?
71) 2) text: The riders stop at a distance, and out from their ranks c a single rider, sitting sidesaddle. It is Nicolette. Wallace and Hamish recognize her from the Princess's visi She trots her horse the rest of the way, while the French guards stay back. Hamish helps her from her horse. She mo to Wallace, and opens the heavy folds of her heavy riding cape. Secreted there, hung from a rope at her neck, is a crossb
72) 0) text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Br Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and St have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked positio and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behi the armor. William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the a and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no d what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
72) 12) text: The nobles grip their weapons; Wallace, Hamish and Stephe are ready to finish this quarrel right here. Robert the B backed by Mornay, steps between the two sides.
72) 22) text: Robert the Bruce walks off the field, heading the way the other nobles went. Wallace rejoins Hamish and Stephen. Th look to him; what do we do now?
74) 0) text: The Scottish army moves out onto the hilly plain, covered the gray mists. They see glimpses of the enemy in the  distance. Wallace deploys the Scots: Campbell with the  schiltrons (spear formations), Stephen with the infantry, the noble Mornay leading the cavalry, and with Wallace an Hamish on horseback, looking over the field. Hamish sees  gazing up at an empty hill above the field.
74) 1) dialog: The Bruce is not coming, William.
74) 5) dialog: Aye.
74) 6) text: The Priest from their home village is moving through the  Scottish ranks, dispensing absolution. He reaches the two friends, who accept the Host, say their own last prayers, and give each other a look of goodbye. Hamish rides off t join the schiltrons.
74) 14) text: Loyal to the end. Wallace signals to Hamish and Campbell, among the schiltrons. The formations, bristling with spea move forward. Hamish looks back at Wallace; both men know the spearmen are the bait here. Wallace and Stephen see t English heavy cavalry advancing.
74) 35) text: And Wallace sees that Hamish is holding his father, falle in battle. Wallace has no time to react; he cuts down and English swordsman moving in to hack Hamish's back. Wallac lifts Campbell across the saddle, and shouts at Hamish...
74) 37) text: Hamish obeys, jumping onto the horse and galloping back t the rear. Wallace fights with new vengeance, swinging the double-edged broadsword with deadly accuracy. Rallied by Wallace's presence, the Scots surge back. Then Wallace sees the English reinforcement cavalry coming.
74) 39) text: The Scots pull up spears and hastily form another schiltr The spears bristle out, ready... the English horsemen thu in. But before the spears impale the horses, another flig of crossbow bolts cuts down half the Scots still fighting Hamish reaches the rear of the battle and lowers the limp body of his father to the Scottish monks who are attendin to the wounded and giving absolution to the dying... Still Wallace fights back, meeting the English charge. Th Scots hold their own. An English knight tries to ride ove William; he knocks the lance aside, and tough the horse s into him, William also unseats the rider. The rider rolls to his feet. William struggles up to meet him -- and comes face to face with Robert the Bruce. The shock and recognition stun Wallace; in that moment,  looking at Robert the Bruce's guilt-ridden face, he  understands everything: the betrayal, the hopelessness of Scotland. As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it. Bruce is horrified at the sight of Wallace this way. He  batters at Wallace's sword, as if its use would give him  absolution.
75) 0) text: Remnants of the defeated army straggle past. Wallace and  Stephen are trying to help Hamish carry his father, but n old Campbell says...
75) 4) dialog: No. You're going to live.
75) 6) text: Hamish is too grief-stricken to speak.
75) 10) text: The last three words to Hamish, telling him he's a hero t
75) 12) text: Hamish is weeping. When he looks up again, his father has died. We PULL BACK from them in tableaux, with the army, people of Scotland, the whole gray world in defeat.
76) 0) text: Wallace, still bloody and in his battered armor, removes chain of office from beneath his breastplate, lays it ont the table in front of Craig and the other nobles, and wal from the room. Hamish and Stephen see the satisfaction on the nobles' face, and follow William out.
77) 0) text: Hamish and Stephen move out into the hallway after Wallac but he is gone.
88) 0) text: Wallace is in the grove of trees where Marion is buried. Drinking in the silence, his own isolation. He hears a RU behind him, and spins, drawing the broadsword. Then his f registers... it's Hamish and Stephen. Hamish is unsure if he did the right thing in coming here unsure, until Wallace moves to them, and hugs them.
89) 2) dialog: We're here to stay. We don't care to  live, if we can't fight beside ya.
89) 3) text: Stephen pulls a jug of whiskey from his pocket. He swigs, hands it to Hamish for a chug, then to Wallace, who decli but smiles for the first time in many weeks.
89) 4) dialog: There is... one thing, William.  Longshanks is offering a truce. He  has dispatched his daughter-in-law  as his emissary, and she has sent  word that she wishes to meet you --  in a barn.
90) 0) text: Hauntingly similar to the one in Wallace's childhood. As sits on his horse and looks at the place, surmounted by a white flag of truce, it gives him a chill. But in full vi of the barn, he hands Hamish his sword and rides forward.
93) 1) dialog: Rest, William.
93) 3) dialog: Your rest is making me exhausted.
95) 6) text: Wallace glances at Hamish and Stephen, who can barely hid their contempt. Wallace looks at the nobles.
96) 1) dialog: You know it's a trap.
96) 3) dialog: I don't want to be a martyr.
96) 5) dialog: That's just a dream, William!
96) 7) dialog: Your dreams aren't about freedom!  They're about Marion! You have to be  a hero, because you think she sees  you! Is that it?
97) 0) text: William, Hamish, and Stephen are on their horses, looking down at the road leading into the city. Wallace hands his dagger to Stephen, and unbuckles his broadsword and gives to Hamish.
97) 1) dialog: Keep these. We're going too.
97) 3) text: Wallace hugs them, first Stephen, then Hamish. Tears roll down Hamish's cheeks. With one last look at his friends,  Wallace rides away.
108) 3) text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT N from her room in the palace... -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the cr helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pa -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watche -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle i Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered  handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
108) 10) text: The executioners slam Wallace onto his back on the table, spread his arms and legs, and tie each to a crank. Goaded the crowd, they pull the ropes taut. They crowd grows qui enough to hear the groaning of Wallace's limbs. Hamish an Stephen feel it in their own bodies.
108) 14) text: Everyone hears; Hamish smiles, even through his tears. Rebuffed, the Magistrate nods to the executioners, who li the terrible instruments of dissection. We are spared seeing the cutting: we are ON WALLACE'S FAC as the disembowelment begins. The Magistrate leans in bes him.
108) 20) text: SILENCE. Hamish and Stephen weep, whisper, pray...
108) 21) dialog: Mercy, William... Say Mercy...
108) 24) text: The shout RINGS through the town. Hamish hears it. The  Princess hears it, at her open window, and touches her tu just showing the first signs of her pregnancy. Longshanks and his son seem to hear; the cry STILL ECHOES as if the  wind could carry it through the ends of Scotland; and Rob the Bruce, on the walls of his castle, looks up sharply, if he has heard...
108) 26) text: He sees Hamish, eyes brimming, face glowing...
108) 28) text: In the last half-moment of his life, when he has already  stepped into the world beyond this one, he glimpses someo standing at Hamish's shoulder. She is beautiful, smiling, serene. She is Marion.
109) 2) text: More young men put on tartans, take up their weapons, and gather into fighting units. Among them is Hamish, carryin shield emblazoned with a cocked arm holding a broadsword, and the words "For Freedom."
110) 4) text: UP ON THE HILL, Robert the Bruce sits on his horse, and w He looks down at the English generals, at their banners,  their army. He looks down the ranks at his own. He sees Hamish. Stephen. Old MacClannough is there, his e watery, his weapon sharp. The Scottish bride Lord Bottoms took is there, among the ragtag archers, her husband besi her. Robert knows none of them -- yet he knows them all. Old Craig, among the other Scottish nobles mounted beside the Bruce, grows impatient.