25) 2) text: LONGSHANKS, King of England, stands in the jeweled light the ancient Abbey. Known as Longshanks because of the spi legs that make him almost seven feet tall, he has a hawk' nose and a snake's eyes, punctuating a face of distinct  cruelty. Historians of his day considered him and the lin of Plantagenets from which he came to be devil worshipers
25) 9) dialog: Scotland! Scot-land!
26) 0) text: Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in t outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deat afraid of him.
26) 1) dialog: The French will grovel to anyone  with strength! But how will they  credit our strength when we cannot  rule the whole of our own island?!
26) 3) dialog: Where is my son?
26) 5) text: Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see
26) 6) dialog: I sent for him -- and the little  coward send you?!
26) 8) dialog: If he wants his queen to rule, then  you stay and learn how! I will deal  with him.
26) 10) dialog: Nobles are the key to the Scottish  door. Grant their nobles land here  in England. Give our own nobles  estates in the north. Make them too  greedy to oppose us.
26) 13) text: Longshanks glares at him, but takes the point. The wheels grind in his brain; his dark eyes falling on the Princess he is inspired.
26) 14) dialog: Perhaps it's time to reinstitute an  old custom. Grant them prima noctes,  "First night." When any common girl  inhabiting their lands is married,  our lords shall have sexual rights  to her on the night of her wedding.  That should fetch just the kind of  lords we want in Scotland.
47) 0) text: Prince Edward is in his garden, playing the medieval vers of croquet with his friend. The Princess, ignored, sits  watching. Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
47) 1) dialog: Scottish rebels have routed Lord  Bottoms!
47) 3) text: Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the col balls and wickets. Everyone gasps, stunned.
47) 4) dialog: You weak little coward! Stand up!
47) 5) text: Longshanks jerks him to his feet.
47) 6) dialog: I go to France to press our rights  there! I leave you to handle this  little rebellion, do you understand?  DO YOU?!
47) 7) text: Longshanks grabs his son by the throat.
47) 8) dialog: And turn yourself into a man.
66) 0) text: The ROYAL GOVERNOR is a spoiled young man, Longshanks' ne He is studying maps and written appeals for help; his CAP of defenses strides in with another note.
66) 14) text: The Governor turns to his captain with a look worthy of h uncle, Longshanks the King.
67) 0) text: Prince Edward and Phillip, his fencing friend and lover,  hear a contingent of horsemen clatter into the courtyard  below; they look out the window and see the arrival of  Longshanks. They lean back into the room and Edward begins to pace  nervously.
67) 4) text: Longshanks bangs the door open and stalks in angrily. Fir he glares at Phillip with obvious loathing, then turns hi piercing stare to his own son.
67) 5) dialog: What news of the north?
67) 7) dialog: While I am in France fighting to  expand your future kingdom I learn  that Stirling castle is lost, our  entire northern army wiped out! And  you have done nothing?!
67) 11) dialog: Impossible. (to messenger) How dare you bring a panicky lie.
67) 12) text: The messenger has also brought a basket. He approaches th central table with great dread and places the basket on i uncovering its contents. Prince Edward is closest; he loo in, then staggers back, stunned. Longshanks moves to the  sack coldly, looks in, and withdraws the severed head of nephew, York's (former) Governor.
67) 15) dialog: If he can sack York, he can invade  lower England.
67) 17) dialog: Edward, who is this shitpoker who  speaks to me as if I needed his  advice?
67) 19) text: Longshanks nods as if impressed. He moves to Phillip and  examines the gold chain of office that the young man wear Then Longshanks grabs him and throws him out the window, same one Edward and Phillip were looking out, six stories above the courtyard. We hear Phillip's SCREAM as he falls Edward rushes toward the window in horror. He looks out a the result, turns back toward his father in shock and hat and only then remembers the dagger and goes for it. He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack parrying, letting his arms be cut.
67) 20) dialog: You fight back at last!
67) 21) text: Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grappl with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again. He exhausts his fury on him. Edward is a bloody mess; Longshanks coughs up a bit of bl He ignores it and his son's wreckage, and goes back to th discussion, as if this fight was normal business.
67) 22) dialog: We must sue for a truce, and buy him  off. But who will go to him? Not I.  If I came under the sword of this  murderer, I would end up like my  nephew. And not you, the sight of my  faggot son would only encourage an  enemy to take over this country. So  whom do I send?
67) 23) text: Longshanks calculates.
68) 18) text: But knowing Longshanks' family, she glances at a richly  dressed Advisor, a CRONY of the king, who averts his eyes
70) 0) text: The doors open; the Princess enters Longshanks' war counc Prince Edward is there, among a dozen others.
70) 1) dialog: My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled  by the heathen. So he accepted our  bribe.
70) 3) dialog: Then why does he stay? My scouts say  he has not advanced.
70) 5) dialog: You spoke with this Wallace in  private. What kind of man is he?
70) 7) dialog: The Scottish nobles have sent him no  support. His army starves. Our stall  has worked, he must withdraw. You  may return to your embroidery.
70) 13) dialog: (glances at son) This is what happens when you must  send a woman. And a fool.
70) 15) dialog: My greatness is better demonstrated  with this.
70) 18) dialog: So the Scots will have none of them,  will they? My armorers have already  made a thousand.
70) 19) text: Longshanks smiles. No one notices that the Princess is de pale.
74) 25) dialog: For double his lands in Scotland,  and matching estates in England.
74) 31) dialog: Use the reinforcements! But take  Wallace alive!
74) 44) dialog: Looks over the battlefield, strewn with the bodies of the Scottish dead. For now, he is satisfied.
79) 0) text: Thunder, the sound of driving rain. Snug by a massive fir are Longshanks, his son Edward, and other advisors. On th far side of the room, away from the fire, the Princess st at the window and watches the rain against the panes.
79) 2) text: Longshanks savors the victory -- and gloats to his son.
79) 3) dialog: Now we kill two birds at one stroke.  We recruit from Scotland for our  armies in France.
79) 5) dialog: What choice do they have? Now they  must serve us or starve.
79) 7) dialog: (exploding) He is gone! Finished! Dead! If he  has not yet bled to death or had his  throat cut for him, he will not  survive the winter. It is very cold --  is it not, our flower?
85) 0) text: Longshanks and Edward are in the royal gardens, resplende with spring. Longshanks pulls a new flower, and crushes i
85) 1) dialog: His legend grows! It will be worse  than before!
85) 3) text: Longshanks glowers at his son; the Princess arrives.
85) 11) dialog: Let her speak.
85) 15) dialog: You see, my delicate son? I have  picked you a Queen.
107) 0) text: Longshanks lies helpless, his body racked with consumptio Edward sits against the wall, watching him die, glee in h eyes. The Princess enters, and marches to the bedside.
107) 4) text: Longshanks shakes his head.
107) 9) text: She leans down and grabs the dying king by the hair. The  guards flanking the door start forward but the Princess's eyes flare at them with more fire than even Longshanks on showed -- and the guards back off. She leans down and his to Longshanks, so softly that even Edward can't hear...
108) 3) text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT N from her room in the palace... -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the cr helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pa -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watche -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle i Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered  handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
108) 24) text: The shout RINGS through the town. Hamish hears it. The  Princess hears it, at her open window, and touches her tu just showing the first signs of her pregnancy. Longshanks and his son seem to hear; the cry STILL ECHOES as if the  wind could carry it through the ends of Scotland; and Rob the Bruce, on the walls of his castle, looks up sharply, if he has heard...