6) 7) dialog: Every nobleman who had any will to  fight was at that meeting.
6) 9) dialog: We can't beat an army, not with the  fifty farmers we can raise!
13) 1) text: An ox cart is coming down the curving lane. Its driver is Campbell, with MacClannough walking behind it. The farmer glance up at William, their faces grim... From his perch in the loft, William sees that the neighbo have brought: the bodies of his father and brother. The c stops; Campbell, with a bandage around his left hand wher more of his fingers are now missing, studies the back of ox, as if it could tell him how to break such news. The b of the ox seems to tell him to be matter-of-fact.
16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.
29) 0) text: Flutes and dancing; laughter and garlands; village famili have gathered for a wedding celebration -- we see the hap bride and groom. Farmers cart in fresh bread and hoops of cheese; villagers arrive with casks of beer or strings of smoked fish. And watching the people are ubiquitous English soldiers,  battlescarred veterans with missing eyes and ears. Riding along the road comes William Wallace. Grown now, a man. He sits his horse as if born there, his back straigh his hands relaxed on the reins. He has a look of lean, ri power. He looks dangerous. And the soldiers notice him, nudging each other as he pas He carries a dead wild goose hanging across his saddle; h stops his horse at the edge of the clearing and surveys t scene. Farmers are roasting a pig; women are comparing  handiwork; young men are tossing huge stones in the  traditional Highland games -- and everyone is noticing  William's arrival, especially the farm women with daughte of marriageable age. Among those watching William arrive is Campbell, grown ol now; and with his old rebel friend, MacClannough. William dismounts and ties his horse to a willow. One of the Engl SOLDIERS shoves William from behind.
29) 6) text: They don't believe that -- but they can't find any punctu wound on the bird. William reaches his hand out for the r of the bird. The soldiers drop it onto the ground. Slowly, William picks it up, and heads into the clearing. The farmers watch him come. Among those noticing William's arrival, but pretending no to, is MARION MacCLANNOUGH, grown now into a stunning you woman; her long auburn hair reminds us of those years lon ago; she wears it the same way, straight and full down he back. Her dress is plain, like the grass that surrounds a wildflower. She's the most beautiful girl in the village, maybe in all of Scotland, and the soldiers who hassled Wi notice her too. William reaches the food table and contributes his goose the feast. FARM WOMEN eye him; he nodes to one.
29) 18) text: With a sudden movement, he slams his fist into William's  jaw, dropping him. A few men move to interfere, but Campb MacClannough, and the other farmers who are the true lead here, stop their neighbors from interrupting. Hamish stan over William, waiting for him to get up.
29) 59) text: Even unarmed, Stewart is about to attack -- but the bride intervenes. She grabs her father and whispers to him. She moves to her husband and does the same. Holding back tear she allows herself to be pulled up behind one of the hors Marion MacClannough is looking on, sobered by her friend' courage and sickened by her fate -- and Marion is even mo unsettled as she notices that one of the soldiers, a  particularly nasty looking brute with a scarred face, is  leering at her. William Wallace sees this too. The noble and his escorts ride away, and as they do it be to rain. The celebration destroyed, the Scots gather the  food and disperse to their homes. But Wallace remains,  standing in the downpour, keeping his thoughts to himself
31) 0) text: A thatched cottage, lit with a cozy fire, beneath the rai A hand KNOCKS on the door, and MacClannough opens it to f William, on a horse! MacClannough frowns.
31) 2) text: Mrs. MacClannough shoulders up beside her husband, and Ma appears behind her scowling parents.
33) 0) text: William is re-thatching the roof of his barn, when he hea riders approaching, and looks down to see that it is  MacClannough, backed by Campbell and Hamish. Uh-oh.
33) 1) dialog: Young Wallace --
33) 9) text: Campbell shakes his head and reins his horse away, with  Hamish. MacClannough lingers.
33) 10) dialog: If you can keep your intention to  stay out of the troubles, you may  court my daughter. If you break your  intention, I'll kill you.
33) 11) text: MacClannough rides away. William sits down on the roof, a looks out at the graves of his father and brother.
110) 4) text: UP ON THE HILL, Robert the Bruce sits on his horse, and w He looks down at the English generals, at their banners,  their army. He looks down the ranks at his own. He sees Hamish. Stephen. Old MacClannough is there, his e watery, his weapon sharp. The Scottish bride Lord Bottoms took is there, among the ragtag archers, her husband besi her. Robert knows none of them -- yet he knows them all. Old Craig, among the other Scottish nobles mounted beside the Bruce, grows impatient.