39) 24) text: Will sees the horse that pulled the flower cart and throw Marion up onto its back. He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes. Will darts off through the crowd, as the MAGISTRATE and more o his soldiers arrive -- dozens of them! William pauses out in the central street of the village,  just long enough to be sure they've spotted him, and dart into a side lane in the opposite direction Marion went;  William weaves through the narrow streets of the medieval town, knocking over baskets, jumping carts. As the soldiers stumble after him, the Magistrate looks d at his mangled soldiers. The one with the ruptured arm is lying in agony.
39) 25) dialog: What happened?
39) 27) dialog: What girl?!
39) 29) dialog: The girl on the horse! Stop her!
39) 33) dialog: So this is the little whore he was  fighting for.
41) 0) text: Marion is thrown into a chair and her arms are bound with oak staff behind her elbows. She and two dozen soldiers a in the tavern the English have commandeered. The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragm angry with his CORPORAL.
41) 1) dialog: One Scot buggers six of us? Hell to  pay when that gets round.
41) 3) dialog: But he is free. You never catch 'em  in the Highlands.
41) 6) dialog: So why is this strip concealed? (beat) He fought for you, eh?
42) 0) text: The Magistrate and his men bring Marion into the village  center, and tie her to a post of the well. The townspeopl don't want to be near the soldiers, but they hang on the  fringes of the square, too curious to pull away.
42) 1) dialog: An assault on the king's soldiers is  the same as assaulting the king!
42) 2) text: He looks down at Marion, her mouth bound, her eyes defian He jerks out his dagger and slices Marion's throat! Her eyes spring open like a doe's; then she sags, dead. T townspeople are speechless; even some of the soldiers are shocked. The Magistrate turns calmly to his men.
42) 3) dialog: Now. Let this scrapper come to me.
44) 0) text: The Magistrate hears the APPROACHING SHOUTS. He and thirt more of his men are barricaded around the village square.
44) 1) dialog: Don't look surprised! We knew he'd  bring friends!
44) 2) text: The see Wallace gallop into sight; but he stops, then hea down a side street. The Magistrate and his men don't like this; where did he Which way will he come from? And then they hear the horse and see the other Scots, at the head of the main street. soldiers unleash a volley of arrows at them. They are loading to fire again when Wallace runs in -- on foot! -- and cuts down two soldiers! The other Scots char The startled soldiers break and run in every direction. The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too. Wallace pursues. Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falte He turns to fight, and Wallace slashes away his sword.
44) 3) dialog: No! I beg you... mercy!
44) 5) dialog: Please. Mercy!
45) 6) text: Wallace is sitting alone nearby, staring at nothing. Hami moves over and puts a hand on his shoulder. Wallace looks his friend, and looks away; killing the Magistrate did no bring Marion back. SHOUTS of alarm: ARMED MEN are coming! The farmers scramb for their weapons, ready to fight; even Campbell jumps up but what they see coming out of the darkness are twenty m farmers, with hayhooks, knives, axes, anything they could find for weapons. Their leader is MacGREGOR.
105) 0) text: Wallace stands in medieval restraints worthy of Hannibal  Lecter. Before him are six scarlet-robed royal magistrate
105) 4) dialog: Against thy king, thou vile fool!  Hast thou anything to say?
105) 6) dialog: It matters not, he is thy king!
105) 8) dialog: Confess, and you may receive a quick  death. Deny, and you must be purified  by pain. Do you confess? ...DO YOU  CONFESS?!
105) 10) dialog: Then on the morrow, thou shalt receive  they purification... And in the end,  I promise you'll beg for the axe.
108) 0) text: The crowd is festive; hawkers sell roast chickens, and be from barrels. Royal horsemen arrive, dragging Wallace str to a wooden litter. As they cut him loose and lead him th the crowd, the people begin to jeer and throw things at h chicken bones, rocks, empty tankards. We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the s and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek. Wallace's eyes capture the soldier, and hold him, piercin his soul. The soldier looks away in shame, even as the re of the crowd jeers more. Grim magistrates prod Wallace and he climbs the execution platform. On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an  enormous axe. Wallace sees it all.
108) 1) dialog: We will use it all before this is  over. Or fall to your knees now,  declare yourself the king's loyal  subject, and beg his mercy, and you  shall have it.
108) 6) text: In the SCORE, AMAZING GRACE, wailed on bagpipes, carries  through all that happens now... Ties hand and foot, Walla is strangling. The Magistrate watches coldly; even when t executioner gives him a look that says they're about to g too far, he prolongs the moment; then the Magistrate nods and the executioner cuts the rope. Wallace slams to the  platform; the Magistrate leans to him.
108) 7) dialog: Pleasant, yes? Rise to your knees,  kiss the royal emblem on my cloak,  and you will feel no more.
108) 9) dialog: Very well then. Rack him.
108) 11) dialog: Wonderful, isn't it, that a man  remains conscious through such pain.  Enough?
108) 12) text: Wallace shakes his head. The executioners cut off his clo take hot irons from a fire box. The crowd grows silent; w see them, not Wallace, as the irons are touched to his bo but we hear the burning of flesh. Then the Magistrate sig Wallace wants to say something.
108) 14) text: Everyone hears; Hamish smiles, even through his tears. Rebuffed, the Magistrate nods to the executioners, who li the terrible instruments of dissection. We are spared seeing the cutting: we are ON WALLACE'S FAC as the disembowelment begins. The Magistrate leans in bes him.
108) 15) dialog: It can all end. Right now! Bliss.  Peace. Just say it. Cry out. "Mercy!"  Yes?... Yes?
108) 16) text: The crowd can't hear the magistrate but they know the  procedure, and they goad Wallace, chanting...
108) 18) text: Wallace's eyes roll to the magistrate, who signals QUIET!
108) 19) dialog: (booming) The prisoner wishes to say a word!