4) 5) text: Malcolm finds a pitchfork, John the woodpile axe...
5) 0) text: POV from within as the door opens and a widening block of sunlight illuminates the dusty shadows. Malcolm and John  Wallace step in, and are shocked to see...
5) 1) text: Hanging from the rafters of the barn are thirty Scottish  noblemen and thirty pages, their faces purple and contort by the strangulation hanging, their tongues protruding. Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless an John still grips the axe as he follows his father through the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to se the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
5) 10) text: Then, worst of all, William sees the pages, boys like him hanged in a row behind their masters! Finally his father and brother reach William and hug him  tight. There in the barn, among the swinging bodies of th hanged nobles, Malcolm Wallace grips his sons.
6) 8) dialog: So it's up to us! We show them we  won't lie down to be their slaves!
6) 10) dialog: We don't have to beat 'em, just fight  'em. To show 'em we're not dogs, but  men.
6) 12) dialog: They have a camp here. We attack  them at sunset tomorrow. Give us all  night to run home.
7) 0) text: Malcolm and John have saddled horses; they are checking t short swords they've tucked into grain sacks when William comes out of the barn with his own horse.
7) 1) dialog: William, you're staying here.
7) 3) text: These words from his youngest son make Malcolm pause, and kneel, to look into William's eyes.
7) 4) dialog: Aye. But it's our wits that make us  men. I love ya, boy. You stay.
7) 5) text: Malcolm and John mount their horses and ride away, leavin William looking forlorn. They wave; he waves back.
16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.