28) 2) text: Robert strides to his seat in the center of the table, an the others settle in respectfully. MORNAY, another young  warrior, gives him a bow, as does CRAIG, a grizzled noble
28) 6) dialog: The Balliol clan has endorsed the  right, licking Longshanks' boots so  he will support their claim to the  throne. If we make a show of  opposition, the commoners will favor  us.
61) 2) dialog: The scouts say it is ten.
61) 11) dialog: They won't stop -- and who could  blame them?
61) 42) text: Campbell, Hamish and Stephen ride off. Mornay reins his h over, lifts the reins of Wallace's horse, and extends the to him: an invitation to join the pre-battle talks. Wallace mounts up and rides out with the Scottish nobles meet the English contingent.
61) 45) dialog: Cheltham. This is William Wallace
61) 56) dialog: I'd say that was rather less cordial  that he was used to.
62) 27) dialog: We should not divide our forces!
62) 29) dialog: (understanding) They shall think we run away.
62) 30) text: Mornay leads his riders away.
62) 41) dialog: He's taking the bloody bridge! The  English can't get across! He's evened  the odds at one stroke!
64) 15) dialog: Then you are prepared to recognize  our legitimate succession!
64) 18) dialog: Those were lies when they were  written! Our documents prove  absolutely that --
72) 0) text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Br Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and St have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked positio and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behi the armor. William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the a and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no d what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
72) 2) dialog: How many does Longshanks have?
72) 12) text: The nobles grip their weapons; Wallace, Hamish and Stephe are ready to finish this quarrel right here. Robert the B backed by Mornay, steps between the two sides.
74) 0) text: The Scottish army moves out onto the hilly plain, covered the gray mists. They see glimpses of the enemy in the  distance. Wallace deploys the Scots: Campbell with the  schiltrons (spear formations), Stephen with the infantry, the noble Mornay leading the cavalry, and with Wallace an Hamish on horseback, looking over the field. Hamish sees  gazing up at an empty hill above the field.
74) 20) text: Stephen signals, and up the slope behind them come handle with ten war dogs. Huge mastiffs, they wear steel collars, with razor sharp  protrusions. Their handlers hold them at the end of long  catch poles. The crossbowmen are distracted from their  reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the  Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleas the dogs, fear races through the English line. The dogs tear into them. It is chaos; the bowmen can't fl and as the dogs mix among them, the bowmen fire frantical mostly hitting each other. The dogs' collars slash legs;  their jaws crush bones; even when their back legs are hac off, the frenzied dogs keep killing. Wallace signals to Mornay with the Scottish cavalry. Morn does nothing. The crossbowmen, though taking great punish are beginning to overwhelm the dogs by sheer numbers, and are regrouping.
74) 22) text: Mornay tugs his reins and leads his cavalry away.
81) 0) text: Mornay, in an opulent bedchamber hung with tapestries and carpeted with eastern rugs, lies in bed, tossing in the  restless sleep of a tortured soul. He thinks he hears galloping. In SUBLIMINAL FLASHES he DR of Wallace riding toward him. He wakes, and listens to a strange noise. It is hoofbeats Coming closer. He hears shouts too, screams from below -- and those strange, approaching hoofbeats...
82) 0) text: The horse and rider plunge past the sheer walls of the  castle... and into the loch! Mornay's guards and the cast servants cluster at the windows to see Wallace and the ho surface, and swim to the shore, escaping!
84) 2) text: Craig hands him the bloody nightshirt Mornay was wearing.