16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.
16) 2) text: With the final Amen, the neighbors drift from the gravesi pulling their Children along, to give William a last mome of private grief before the grave diggers cover the bodie The boy stands alone over the open graves, his heart so  shattered that he can scarcely cry; a single tear makes i way down his face. And the tiny girl feels for William in way that the adults cannot. From the ground she pulls a  Scottish thistle, moves to the softly weeping William and places the beautiful wild blossom in his hand. William looks up and their young eyes meet; her sad blue  eyes hold William's as the grave diggers cover the bodies Then a lone, mounted figure appears at the crest of the h above them. Tall, thin and angular, in black clerical gar he looks like the grim reaper. The girl hurries back to her mother's side; everyone watc in silence as the figure rides down to them. He is ARGYLE WALLACE. He looks like a human buzzard, his face craggy,  permanently furious.
31) 4) dialog: The boy's insane!
31) 6) dialog: She absolutely may not, she'll --  Marion!
32) 0) text: They reach the door. William hops off the horse and reach up to help her down the moment she touches the ground, th look into each other's eyes... but the door is snatched o so quickly by her mother that there is not time for a kis
32) 1) dialog: Marion, come in!
32) 3) dialog: Marion, come in!