47) 13) text: As Edward marches off with his entourage, NICOLETTE, a  beautiful raven-haired Handmaiden, rushes to the Princess who is wobbly, hurt more than she let show. Nicolette whi to her in French, with subtitles...
47) 14) dialog: They say this Wallace killed thirty  men to avenge the death of his woman.  I hope your husband goes to Scotland.  Then you'll be a widow.
58) 55) text: And the rumors are discussed even INSIDE THE PALACE GROUN IN LONDON, where the Prince and his friends are trying on elaborate attire presented them by fawning tailors, and t Princess, ignored by her husband, strolls and chats with Handmaiden, Nicolette (in subtitled French).
58) 56) dialog: When the king returns he will bury  them in those new clothes. Scotland  is in chaos. Your husband is secretly  sending an army north.
58) 58) dialog: Last night I slept with a member of  the War Council.
58) 60) dialog: Ah, Oui! Englishmen don't know what  a tongue is for.
58) 63) dialog: A magistrate wished to capture him,  and found he had a secret lover, so  he cut the girl's throat to tempt  Wallace to fight -- and fight he  did.
58) 64) text: The Princess is pained at such cruelty; Nicolette warms t share the juicy gossip...
58) 65) dialog: Knowing his passion for his lost  love, they next plotted to take him  by desecrating the graves of his  father and brother and setting an  ambush at the grave of his wife. He  fought his way through the trap and  carried her body to a secret place!  Now that is romance, Oui?
68) 12) text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeo walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his le like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,  shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French gua so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots  surround the tent, ready for ambush. Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wal she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower  chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair. She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
71) 2) text: The riders stop at a distance, and out from their ranks c a single rider, sitting sidesaddle. It is Nicolette. Wallace and Hamish recognize her from the Princess's visi She trots her horse the rest of the way, while the French guards stay back. Hamish helps her from her horse. She mo to Wallace, and opens the heavy folds of her heavy riding cape. Secreted there, hung from a rope at her neck, is a crossb