27) 0) text: The prince and a muscular young friend, PHILLIP, are stri to the waist and fencing. They pay no attention to the KNOCK, or to the Princess as she enters. She watches them they are dancing more than fencing. Edward loses his swor it clatters to the polished floor. He looks up at his wif as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
27) 15) text: He lifts his hand and draws his friend Phillip to his sid Still the Princess does not lift her eyes.
27) 18) text: She lifts her eyes. But she could not brace herself enoug for what she sees: Edward nuzzling Phillip, the prince's  bare chest to his muscular friend's bare back, both men  glistening with sweat and sexual excitement. The Princess's eyes quiver... but she does not look away.
67) 0) text: Prince Edward and Phillip, his fencing friend and lover,  hear a contingent of horsemen clatter into the courtyard  below; they look out the window and see the arrival of  Longshanks. They lean back into the room and Edward begins to pace  nervously.
67) 1) dialog: It is not your fault! Stand up to  him.
67) 2) text: Edward shows Phillip the dagger he has concealed in his b behind his back.
67) 4) text: Longshanks bangs the door open and stalks in angrily. Fir he glares at Phillip with obvious loathing, then turns hi piercing stare to his own son.
67) 13) dialog: Sire! Thy own nephew! What beast  could do such a thing?!
67) 16) dialog: We would stop him!
67) 19) text: Longshanks nods as if impressed. He moves to Phillip and  examines the gold chain of office that the young man wear Then Longshanks grabs him and throws him out the window, same one Edward and Phillip were looking out, six stories above the courtyard. We hear Phillip's SCREAM as he falls Edward rushes toward the window in horror. He looks out a the result, turns back toward his father in shock and hat and only then remembers the dagger and goes for it. He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack parrying, letting his arms be cut.