16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.
16) 1) dialog: ...Restare in pacem eternis, Amen.
16) 3) dialog: You must be the relative of the  deceased... William, this is your  Uncle Argyle.
16) 4) text: Argyle glowers at the man, dismounts, and glares at Willi William stares up at this frightening figure. They are  interrupted by the ominous sound of approaching horses; a dozen mounted English soldiers, armed with lances, are  approaching. Argyle rattles to the priest...
38) 0) text: This ancient Gaelic place of worship has been destroyed b the occupying army, and yet it looks devoutly holy this w lit only by candles and moonlight through the open roof. village PRIEST whom we saw at the wedding celebration is  waiting at the altar. Marion steps into the confessional, William moves to the altar and kneels in prayer. Marion emerges; she's changed into the wedding dress she  made from the cloth she bought. William stands and watche her float down the aisle; his whole life was worth this  moment. Together, the two lovers turn to the priest.
38) 1) dialog: You have come to pledge, each to the  other, before Almighty God.
38) 2) text: From within his shirt, William withdraws a strip of cloth woven in his family tartan. He and Marion each lift a han to the priest, and he binds their wrists with the cloth.
38) 6) text: The Priest waits for them to go on, but neither can; they too taken with emotion, looking at each other. The Priest intones holy phrases...
38) 7) dialog: Agus bhayd lauch... The Lord bless  and keep thy love, now and forever.
38) 8) text: The lovers kiss. As they break their embrace, a figure  carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken d of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes
38) 9) dialog: I trust him -- or I'd'a killed him  me'self. A weddin' needs pipes.
74) 6) text: The Priest from their home village is moving through the  Scottish ranks, dispensing absolution. He reaches the two friends, who accept the Host, say their own last prayers, and give each other a look of goodbye. Hamish rides off t join the schiltrons.
100) 2) text: The Captain looks at Bruce the way the High Priest must h looked at Judas, and leaves.