25) 6) text: The ceremony concluding, attendants lift back the bride's veil. Her wedding day, the ultimate moment -- and Prince  Edward ignores her, to turn back to his friends. But prom by one of the sour lords, he leans over and pecks his new Princess on the cheek. For an instant, we see in her eyes that her heart is dying. But she keeps her poise.
26) 2) text: He punches the map, then sees the Princess enter softly.
26) 4) dialog: Your pardon, M'lord, he asked me to  come in his stead.
26) 7) dialog: Shall I leave, M'lord?
26) 9) text: He spins back toward his generals. Ignored, the princess  settles silently onto the cushions of the window seat.
26) 13) text: Longshanks glares at him, but takes the point. The wheels grind in his brain; his dark eyes falling on the Princess he is inspired.
27) 0) text: The prince and a muscular young friend, PHILLIP, are stri to the waist and fencing. They pay no attention to the KNOCK, or to the Princess as she enters. She watches them they are dancing more than fencing. Edward loses his swor it clatters to the polished floor. He looks up at his wif as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
27) 2) dialog: You directed me to report to you the  moment the king's conference was  ended.
27) 4) dialog: Scotland. He intends --
27) 6) dialog: He intends to grant --
27) 9) dialog: ...His majesty was quite keen that  you should understand --
27) 15) text: He lifts his hand and draws his friend Phillip to his sid Still the Princess does not lift her eyes.
27) 16) dialog: (barely audible) No, M'lord.
27) 18) text: She lifts her eyes. But she could not brace herself enoug for what she sees: Edward nuzzling Phillip, the prince's  bare chest to his muscular friend's bare back, both men  glistening with sweat and sexual excitement. The Princess's eyes quiver... but she does not look away.
27) 20) dialog: Yes. I had thought that... I was  loathsome to you. Perhaps I am. If I  may be excused, M'lord.
47) 0) text: Prince Edward is in his garden, playing the medieval vers of croquet with his friend. The Princess, ignored, sits  watching. Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
47) 9) text: The king leaves. The friends of the humiliated Prince hur to him and lift him; as the Princess moves to him too...
47) 11) text: He slaps her! Her personal guards, Frenchmen in distincti uniforms, jump from their seats at the edge of the garden but the Princess raises a hand to show she needs no  assistance, and curtseys to Edward, who shouts --
47) 13) text: As Edward marches off with his entourage, NICOLETTE, a  beautiful raven-haired Handmaiden, rushes to the Princess who is wobbly, hurt more than she let show. Nicolette whi to her in French, with subtitles...
58) 55) text: And the rumors are discussed even INSIDE THE PALACE GROUN IN LONDON, where the Prince and his friends are trying on elaborate attire presented them by fawning tailors, and t Princess, ignored by her husband, strolls and chats with Handmaiden, Nicolette (in subtitled French).
58) 57) dialog: How do you know this?
58) 59) dialog: He shouldn't be telling secrets in  bed.
58) 61) text: The Princess blushes, whacks her with her fan, and smiles
58) 62) dialog: This Scottish rebel... Wallace? He  fights to avenge a woman?
58) 64) text: The Princess is pained at such cruelty; Nicolette warms t share the juicy gossip...
58) 66) dialog: ...I wouldn't know.
68) 5) text: Servants pull back the sides of the tent door, and a tall slender, shapely female figure appears there. There in th shadows, she looks just like Marion! William is not the o one who notices the resemblance; he glances at Hamish and Campbell and sees them haunted by it too. Is this another dream? He pales, as she steps into the morning sun. She m toward him, her face lowered. It is Marion! She reaches him, lifts her face... and he sees the Prince William is relieved -- and yet as he sees the Princess mo closely he is still shaken by the resemblance in the way carries herself, her shape, the fall of her hair. The Princess is struck with Wallace, too -- tall, powerfu and commanding. Wallace dismounts, and moves to face her. Their eyes hang on each other. She sees something that sh has not seen in the face of a man in her whole life. She surprises him by bending at the knee, in a half-submi yet proud curtsey.
68) 6) dialog: I am the Princess of Wales.
68) 9) dialog: I come as the king's servant, and  with his authority.
68) 11) dialog: But now that I am here, will you  speak with a woman?
68) 12) text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeo walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his le like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,  shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French gua so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots  surround the tent, ready for ambush. Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wal she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower  chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair. She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
68) 13) dialog: I understand that you have recently  been given the rank of knight.
68) 15) dialog: Did God make you the sacker of  peaceful cities? The executioner of  the king's nephew, my husband's own  cousin?
68) 17) dialog: That is not possible.
68) 26) dialog: Hamilton, leave us.
68) 28) dialog: Leave us now.
68) 31) text: Stephen moves off with Hamish and Campbell. Wallace and t princess are left alone.
68) 32) dialog: Let us talk plainly. You invade  England. But you cannot complete the  conquest, so far from your shelter  and supply. The King proposes that  you withdraw your attack. In return  he grants you title, estates, and  this chest with a thousand pounds of  gold, which I am to pay to you  personally.
68) 34) dialog: Peace is made is such ways.
68) 36) text: The outburst startles even those watching from a distance The Princess is mesmerized by Wallace's passion.
68) 37) dialog: I understand you have suffered. I  know... about your woman.
68) 39) text: The Princess is stunned; Wallace is dead still.
68) 41) text: The Princess rises slowly from her chair, moves in front him, and lowers herself to her knees. The Crony and her o attendants, seeing this from a distance, are shocked.
68) 42) dialog: Sir. I leave this money, as a gift.  Not from the king, but from myself.  And not to you, but to the orphans  of your country.
69) 0) text: Wallace and his captains sit on horseback at the head of  their company and watch as the Princess' procession leave Hamish studies Wallace's face; Wallace notices and gives a non-committal shrug. As the carriage rolls away, its wi curtains lift back slightly. All they see are the Princes fingers, but they know she looked back. Wallace reins his horse away, to ride back to camp.
70) 0) text: The doors open; the Princess enters Longshanks' war counc Prince Edward is there, among a dozen others.
70) 2) dialog: No. He did not.
70) 4) dialog: He waits. For you. He says he will  attack no more towns -- if you are  man enough to come fight him.
70) 6) dialog: ...A mindless barbarian. Not a king  like you, M'lord.
70) 8) dialog: Humbly, M'lord.
70) 12) dialog: No. I have it to ease the suffering  of the children of this war.
70) 14) dialog: Forgive me, Sire. I thought that  generosity might demonstrate your  greatness to those you mean to rule.
70) 19) text: Longshanks smiles. No one notices that the Princess is de pale.
71) 2) text: The riders stop at a distance, and out from their ranks c a single rider, sitting sidesaddle. It is Nicolette. Wallace and Hamish recognize her from the Princess's visi She trots her horse the rest of the way, while the French guards stay back. Hamish helps her from her horse. She mo to Wallace, and opens the heavy folds of her heavy riding cape. Secreted there, hung from a rope at her neck, is a crossb
79) 0) text: Thunder, the sound of driving rain. Snug by a massive fir are Longshanks, his son Edward, and other advisors. On th far side of the room, away from the fire, the Princess st at the window and watches the rain against the panes.
79) 8) text: From the other side of the window, we see the Princess as she hears him, but doesn't turn around. She looks at the  window, we snow swirling among the raindrops outside. Her eyes glisten, and her breath fogs the glass.
85) 3) text: Longshanks glowers at his son; the Princess arrives.
85) 4) dialog: Good day to you, M'Lords.
85) 6) dialog: I am cheerful with a plan to soothe  your miseries. All of England shudders  with the news of renewed rebellion.
85) 8) dialog: Wallace himself. If you wish to  pretend a ghost rallies new volunteers  in every Scottish town, I leave you  to your hauntings. If you wish to  take him, I know a way.
85) 10) dialog: I have faced him. Have you?
85) 12) dialog: He will fight you forever. But what  does he fight for? Freedom first,  and peace. So grant them.
85) 14) dialog: Grant, as you do everything else,  with treachery. Offer him a truce to  discuss terms, and send me to my  castle at Locharmbie as your emissary.  He trusts me. Pick thirty of your  finest assassins for me to take along.  And I will set the meeting, and the  ambush.
87) 2) dialog: And you have reached Wallace's men?
91) 0) text: The Princess sees the burning off in the distance, like a bonfire. She stands on the wall, looking out at it. And t she sees, on a hillside, silhouetted against the night an the fire, a rider, just sitting there on his horse, looki at the castle. She runs into the castle, up the stairs, a stands on the pinnacle of the castle, so that she too is  silhouetted, and he can see her. The lone rider is William Wallace.
91) 5) dialog: It does me good to see you.
91) 8) dialog: There will be a new shipment of  supplies coming north next month.  Food and weapons. They will trav --
91) 10) dialog: Then why did you come?
91) 12) dialog: Because of the way you're looking at  me now. The same way... as when we  met.
91) 14) dialog: I know. You looked at me... and saw  her.
91) 16) dialog: You must forgive me what I feel. No  man has ever looked at me as you  did.
91) 19) dialog: I have taken vows. More than one.  I've vowed faithfulness to my husband,  and sworn to give him a son. And I  cannot keep both promises.
91) 21) dialog: You understand. Consider, before you  laugh and say no. You will never own  a throne, though you deserve one.  But just as the sun will rise  tomorrow, some man will rule England.  And what if his veins ran not with  the blood of Longshanks, but with  that of a true king?
91) 23) dialog: No. But can you love me for the sake  of all you loved and lost? Or simply  love me... because I love you?
91) 28) dialog: No one! Hurry!
91) 30) dialog: When we... did you think of her?
103) 0) text: The Princess hurries up to her husband as he leaves the k bedroom, and follows him down the hall to his own.
103) 1) dialog: Is it true? Wallace is captured?
103) 3) dialog: When will his trial be?
106) 4) dialog: I will see the prisoner.
106) 6) dialog: The king will be dead in a month!  And his son is a weakling! Who do  you think will rule this kingdom?  Now OPEN THIS DOOR!
106) 7) text: The jailer obeys. The Princess can barely contain her sho at the sight of Wallace; the jailers snatch him upright.
106) 9) dialog: Stop! Leave me! (they hesitate) There is no way out of this hell!  Leave me with him!
106) 12) dialog: Sir, I... come to beg you to confess  all, and swear allegiance to the  king, that he might show you mercy.
106) 14) dialog: Mercy... is to die quickly. Perhaps  even live in the Tower. In time, who  knows what can happen, if you can  only live.
106) 19) dialog: You will die! It will be awful!
106) 22) dialog: Drink this! It will dull your pain.
106) 24) dialog: I can't bear the thought of your  torture. Take it!
107) 0) text: Longshanks lies helpless, his body racked with consumptio Edward sits against the wall, watching him die, glee in h eyes. The Princess enters, and marches to the bedside.
107) 1) dialog: I have come to beg for the life of  William Wallace.
107) 3) dialog: I respect him. At worst he was a  worthy enemy. Show mercy... Oh thou  great king... and win the respect of  your own people.
107) 5) dialog: Even now, you are incapable of mercy?
107) 6) text: The king can't speak. But hatred still glows in his eyes. The princess looks at her husband.
107) 7) dialog: Nor you. To you that word is as  unfamiliar as love.
107) 9) text: She leans down and grabs the dying king by the hair. The  guards flanking the door start forward but the Princess's eyes flare at them with more fire than even Longshanks on showed -- and the guards back off. She leans down and his to Longshanks, so softly that even Edward can't hear...
107) 10) dialog: You see? Death comes to us all. And  it comes to William Wallace. But  before death comes to you, know this:  your blood dies with you. A child  who is not of your line grows in my  belly. Your son will not sit long on  the throne. I swear it.
108) 3) text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT N from her room in the palace... -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the cr helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pa -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watche -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle i Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered  handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
108) 24) text: The shout RINGS through the town. Hamish hears it. The  Princess hears it, at her open window, and touches her tu just showing the first signs of her pregnancy. Longshanks and his son seem to hear; the cry STILL ECHOES as if the  wind could carry it through the ends of Scotland; and Rob the Bruce, on the walls of his castle, looks up sharply, if he has heard...