28) 0) text: The nobles are gathered around a huge table. They rise at the entrance of young ROBERT THE BRUCE, a handsome young  man, full of intelligence and power.
28) 2) text: Robert strides to his seat in the center of the table, an the others settle in respectfully. MORNAY, another young  warrior, gives him a bow, as does CRAIG, a grizzled noble
28) 4) dialog: My father hears that Longshanks has  granted prima noctes.
28) 7) dialog: It is too soon to step out alone. My  father believes we must lull  Longshanks into confidence, by neither  supporting his decree nor opposing  it.
28) 9) dialog: He strained his leg so that it pains  him to ride. But he sends his  greetings -- and says that I speak  for all the Bruces. And for Scotland.
48) 0) text: Robert the Bruce is in bed with a young Nordic beauty wit vacant blue eyes. She drowses; but the lovemaking has not defused the restlessness of Robert's spirit. He lies on h stomach, turned away from her on the bed. Stirring, she k his neck; but he doesn't respond.
48) 2) dialog: You did.
48) 4) dialog: In Lanark village, the king's soldiers  killed a girl. Her lover fought his  way through the soldiers and killed  the magistrate.
48) 6) dialog: He rebelled. He rebelled. He acted.  He fought! Was it rage? Pride? Love?  Whatever it was, he has more of it  than I.
48) 8) dialog: I'm too arrogant to lie.
48) 9) dialog: On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase He follows a servant who carries a candle against the glo They reach a door, which the servant unlocks. Young Rober takes the candle, and enters --
48) 11) dialog: Father. A rebellion has begun.
48) 13) dialog: A commoner named William Wallace.
48) 17) dialog: This Wallace. He doesn't even have a  knighthood. But he fights with  passion, and he is clever. He inspires  men.
48) 21) text: With a last long look at his father, Robert leaves.
64) 0) text: The nobles of Scotland are gathered in the huge chamber; massive table runs across the far end of the room, and al on either side are the two rival factions of nobles, glar at each other. Old Craig is in the center, with young Rob the Bruce on his right. There is a general MURMUR along t nobles, and Robert whispers to Craig...
64) 1) dialog: Does anyone know his politics?
64) 9) text: But Wallace's gaze has locked onto Robert the Bruce, who  stares back, the two young lions instantly recognizing th leadership power of each other.
64) 11) dialog: I am.
65) 0) text: Wallace and his men are marching away, as Robert the Bruc runs out after them.
65) 1) dialog: Wait! ...I respect what you said.  But remember, these men have lands,  castles. Much to risk.
65) 3) dialog: No. But from top to bottom this  country has no sense of itself. Its  nobles share allegiance with England  and its clans war with each other.  If you make enemies on both sides of  the border, you'll end up dead.
65) 5) text: Wallace walks; Robert catches up and speaks to him in an  urgent half whisper, so that no one else can hear.
65) 6) dialog: I'm no coward! I want what you want!  But we need the nobles.
65) 8) text: Wallace walks away, leaving Robert the Bruce alone.
72) 0) text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Br Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and St have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked positio and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behi the armor. William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the a and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no d what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
72) 9) dialog: Sir William --
72) 12) text: The nobles grip their weapons; Wallace, Hamish and Stephe are ready to finish this quarrel right here. Robert the B backed by Mornay, steps between the two sides.
72) 13) dialog: Please, Sir William! Speak with me  alone! I beg you!
72) 14) text: The nobles stalk away, and Robert draws Wallace away, to target Wallace shot, so they are alone.
72) 15) dialog: You have achieved more than anyone  dreamed. But fighting these odds  looks like rage, not courage. Peace  offers its rewards! Has war become a  habit you cannot break?
72) 18) dialog: I am trying.
72) 20) dialog: I must... consult with my father.
72) 22) text: Robert the Bruce walks off the field, heading the way the other nobles went. Wallace rejoins Hamish and Stephen. Th look to him; what do we do now?
73) 0) text: In the faint nimbus of the single candle, young Robert si across from his leper father. The son grips his own head, if stunned by a blow.
73) 1) dialog: This... cannot be the way.
73) 5) text: Young Robert holds his father with his eyes, and does not look away.
74) 39) text: The Scots pull up spears and hastily form another schiltr The spears bristle out, ready... the English horsemen thu in. But before the spears impale the horses, another flig of crossbow bolts cuts down half the Scots still fighting Hamish reaches the rear of the battle and lowers the limp body of his father to the Scottish monks who are attendin to the wounded and giving absolution to the dying... Still Wallace fights back, meeting the English charge. Th Scots hold their own. An English knight tries to ride ove William; he knocks the lance aside, and tough the horse s into him, William also unseats the rider. The rider rolls to his feet. William struggles up to meet him -- and comes face to face with Robert the Bruce. The shock and recognition stun Wallace; in that moment,  looking at Robert the Bruce's guilt-ridden face, he  understands everything: the betrayal, the hopelessness of Scotland. As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it. Bruce is horrified at the sight of Wallace this way. He  batters at Wallace's sword, as if its use would give him  absolution.
74) 40) dialog: Fight me! Fight me!
74) 42) dialog: FIGHT ME!
74) 43) text: All around, the battle has decayed; the Scots are being  slaughtered. Another bolt glances off Wallace's helmet; a third rips into his thigh plate, making his legs collapse Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's hor He hits Robert from behind, knocking him down, and jumps the ground to try and lift William onto the horse! Robert sees a knot of crossbowmen moving up, sighting out Wallace, taking careful aim! Bruce leaps up and helps Ste sling Wallace onto the back of the horse, even covers him with his shield, deflecting another bolt fired at Wallace as Stephen mounts too. As the horse plunges away into the smoke, Robert falls to the water. His own troops reach him, realize who he is, s the horrible expression on his face, and race on after th Scots. Robert is left alone, on his knees in the water, the fire and noise of battle now dim to him, as if his senses have died along with his heart.
80) 2) dialog: He was so brave. With courage alone  he nearly won.
80) 4) dialog: He broke because of me. I saw it. He  lost all will to fight.
80) 6) dialog: In my heart I had begun to hope that  he would never break.
84) 0) text: Robert is in his central room; he hears the chanting from far below. Old Craig enters.
84) 1) dialog: Is it true about Mornay?
84) 3) dialog: And he rode through the window? My  God.
94) 4) dialog: He was a modest man.
94) 6) text: Craig sits next to Robert, and keeps his voice low.
94) 8) text: Robert only stares at his father's stone coffin.
94) 10) text: He shows Robert a parchment bearing the noblest names in  Scotland. The Bruce barely glances at it.
94) 11) dialog: If I pay homage to another's throne,  then how am I a king?
94) 13) dialog: The crown is that of Scotland. And  Scotland is William Wallace.
94) 15) text: Robert turns from his father's coffin, to look at Craig.
99) 0) text: Robert the Bruce and Craig stand at the hearth, tense.
99) 2) dialog: He will. I know he will.
99) 4) dialog: Here. And unarmed. My God, he has a  brave heart.
100) 0) text: Wallace appears at the doorway into the main room, and st Bruce faces him. The eyes of BOTH MEN meet, saying everyt Wallace steps into the room. He sees something flicker on Bruce's face -- shame -- just as henchmen in the rafters  drop a weighted net and it envelopes Wallace. English soldiers spring from the closets, run down the st and tumble over him, ripping at his clothes, searching as broadswords might spring from his boots. They bind Wallace hand and foot. He stares at Robert the  Bruce, who averts his eyes. The soldiers hurry Wallace ou the back, where others are bringing up horses. Robert gra the English Captain of the soldiers.
100) 1) dialog: He is not to be harmed. I have your  king's absolute promise that he will  be imprisoned only!
100) 4) text: Robert the Bruce spots something on the floor that must h fallen from Wallace's clothes as they grabbed him; Bruce  lifts the white handkerchief, and sees the familiar thist embroidered on it.
104) 1) dialog: Longshanks promised!
108) 3) text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT N from her room in the palace... -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the cr helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pa -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watche -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle i Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered  handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
108) 30) dialog: His face has changed. He is standing AT THE OPEN GRAVE WH MARION LAY, the headstone carved with the thistle still t He holds the handkerchief. As he tucks it into his own po and we MOVE IN on his eyes, we realize the VOICE OVER bel to him.
108) 31) dialog: After the beheading, William Wallace's  body was torn to pieces. His head  was set on London bridge, where  passerby were invited to jeer at the  man who had caused so much fear in  England. (beat) His arms and legs were sent to the  four corners of Britain as warning.
109) 1) dialog: It did not have the effect that  Longshanks planned.
110) 0) text: Robert the Bruce, flanked by the noblemen and the banners the Scottish throne, and backed by a ragtag army of Scots sits on his horse and looks down at the English generals their martial finery. The English are haughty, victorious at the head of their colorful, polished army, awaiting th ceremony of submission from Scotland's new king.
110) 1) dialog: And I, Robert the Bruce, backed by a  body of Scottish veterans, rode out  to pay homage to the armies of the  English king, and accept his  endorsement of my crown.
110) 4) text: UP ON THE HILL, Robert the Bruce sits on his horse, and w He looks down at the English generals, at their banners,  their army. He looks down the ranks at his own. He sees Hamish. Stephen. Old MacClannough is there, his e watery, his weapon sharp. The Scottish bride Lord Bottoms took is there, among the ragtag archers, her husband besi her. Robert knows none of them -- yet he knows them all. Old Craig, among the other Scottish nobles mounted beside the Bruce, grows impatient.
110) 6) text: But Robert holds something -- uncurling his fist, he look at the thistle handkerchief that belonged to Wallace. The nobles start to rein their horses toward the English.
110) 7) dialog: Stop.
110) 8) text: Robert the Bruce tucks the handkerchief safely behind his breastplate, and turns to the Highlanders who line the hi with him. He takes a long breath, and shouts --
110) 9) dialog: You have bled with Wallace! Now bleed  with me!
110) 12) text: The chant builds to a frenzy; it shakes the earth. The  Scottish nobles can scarcely believe it; the English are  shocked even more. Robert the Bruce, king of Scotland, sp his horse into full gallop toward the English, and the  Highlanders hurl their bodies down the hill, ready to run through hell itself. In SLOW MOTION we see their faces... And OVER THIS, we hear the voice of William Wallace...
110) 14) text: On Wallace's army behind Robert the Bruce, charging down hill to victory and glory, we slow to FREEZE FRAME and he their chant, huge, echoing...