54) 20) text: They all look at a slender, handsome young man, STEPHEN, is talking to himself -- or more accurately, seems to lis to some unheard voice, then answer it...
54) 21) dialog: All right, Father, I'll ask him! (to William) If I risk my neck for you, will I  get a chance to kill Englishmen?
54) 23) dialog: In order to find his equal, and  Irishman is forced to talk to God. (quickly) Yes, Father!... (to Wallace) The Almighty says don't change the  subject, just answer the fookin'  question.
54) 25) text: Stephen whips a dagger from his sleeve and puts it at  Campbell's throat.
54) 26) dialog: Smart enough to get a dagger past  your guards, old man.
54) 29) text: Stephen grins, and happily tucks away the dagger.
54) 30) dialog: Excellent! Stephen is my name. I'm  the most wanted man on the Emerald  Isle. Except I'm not on the Emerald  Isle of course, more's the pity.
54) 32) dialog: A patriot!
58) 14) text: Wallace jumps up, hearing the DISTANT BARKING that alarme Hamish. Stephen, the new Irish recruit, races up.
58) 15) dialog: We must run in different directions!
58) 17) dialog: They used hounds on us in Ireland,  it's the only way!
58) 21) text: Again they divide, and race in different directions. But no matter how they run and dodge, the BARKS grow near We INTERCUT with the approaching of the dogs -- a large P OF HOUNDS, with keepers like on a fox hunt, and behind th dogs, Lord Pickering, with his soldiers, prepared for a l chase, cloaked against the wet darkness, carrying torches Wallace and others pause, hear the dogs, and run again, i new direction. The hounds are relentless. Wallace's group down to Hamish, Stephen, and Faudron.
58) 25) dialog: We can't stop!
58) 27) dialog: What's the crazy man saying, Lord?
58) 29) dialog: Who would do such a thing?
58) 40) dialog: The Almighty says for you to give  His regards to the Devil.
58) 41) text: Pickering's eyes go wide, then roll back as Stephen's dag slides expertly through his back ribs and into his heart. Pickering falls and his men realize what has happened, St has already run back into the trees. Pickering's men freeze at this sudden turn of events. Eve the dogs whimper, picking up the rising fear of the men a them. Then from the darkness all around them comes a chor of demonic, bloodcurdling yells --
58) 43) text: Three wild men tear out of the darkness from different  directions, their swords slashing. Pickering's men panic run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident their torches, fell with them in all directions. Wallace, Hamish and Stephen are left alone in the heart o the woods, howling, barking like dogs, snarling like wolv and then laughing like hyenas!
58) 44) dialog: I thought I was dead when ya pulled  that dagger!
61) 15) text: The common soldiers, already having broken ranks, cluster the hill to see the confrontation. As Wallace and his cap reach the nobles, Stephen laughs.
61) 16) dialog: The Almighty says this must be a  fashionable fight, it's drawn the  finest people.
61) 21) text: Wallace reins his horse around to face the mob of sullen  men, now frightened, ready to desert. We play this pictur Wallace sitting his horse, looking down in awe at this th that has grown beyond anyone's imagination. He glances at his friends: Campbell, Hamish, Stephen. They've got no suggestions, they're just as awed as he is
61) 39) text: BAGPIPERS play, pulling the mob back into companies. But  through the lifting mists they see the overwhelming enemy army. Hamish, Campbell and Stephen move up beside William
61) 40) dialog: Fine speech. Now what do we do?
61) 42) text: Campbell, Hamish and Stephen ride off. Mornay reins his h over, lifts the reins of Wallace's horse, and extends the to him: an invitation to join the pre-battle talks. Wallace mounts up and rides out with the Scottish nobles meet the English contingent.
62) 2) dialog: The Lord tell me He can get me out  of this mess. But He's pretty sure  you're fooked.
64) 5) text: The nobles on each side of the table try to outdo each ot in their acclamation as Wallace strides in, flanked by Ha Campbell, and Stephen, splendid in their tartans. Old Craig rises.
68) 12) text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeo walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his le like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,  shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French gua so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots  surround the tent, ready for ambush. Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wal she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower  chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair. She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
68) 29) text: He reluctantly obeys. Seeing that she wants the exchange be private, Wallace turns and nods for his men to leave. Stephen, who has been admiring the lady's beauty non-stop leans in and whispers to William...
68) 30) dialog: Her husband's more of a queen than  she is. Did you know that?
68) 31) text: Stephen moves off with Hamish and Campbell. Wallace and t princess are left alone.
72) 0) text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Br Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and St have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked positio and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behi the armor. William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the a and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no d what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
72) 22) text: Robert the Bruce walks off the field, heading the way the other nobles went. Wallace rejoins Hamish and Stephen. Th look to him; what do we do now?
74) 0) text: The Scottish army moves out onto the hilly plain, covered the gray mists. They see glimpses of the enemy in the  distance. Wallace deploys the Scots: Campbell with the  schiltrons (spear formations), Stephen with the infantry, the noble Mornay leading the cavalry, and with Wallace an Hamish on horseback, looking over the field. Hamish sees  gazing up at an empty hill above the field.
74) 11) dialog: So that's where Longshanks got his  soldiers. Irishmen, willing to kill  Scottish cousins for the English.
74) 13) dialog: No. I'll stand with you.
74) 14) text: Loyal to the end. Wallace signals to Hamish and Campbell, among the schiltrons. The formations, bristling with spea move forward. Hamish looks back at Wallace; both men know the spearmen are the bait here. Wallace and Stephen see t English heavy cavalry advancing.
74) 15) dialog: They can't be that stupid to attack  the schiltrons again.
74) 20) text: Stephen signals, and up the slope behind them come handle with ten war dogs. Huge mastiffs, they wear steel collars, with razor sharp  protrusions. Their handlers hold them at the end of long  catch poles. The crossbowmen are distracted from their  reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the  Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleas the dogs, fear races through the English line. The dogs tear into them. It is chaos; the bowmen can't fl and as the dogs mix among them, the bowmen fire frantical mostly hitting each other. The dogs' collars slash legs;  their jaws crush bones; even when their back legs are hac off, the frenzied dogs keep killing. Wallace signals to Mornay with the Scottish cavalry. Morn does nothing. The crossbowmen, though taking great punish are beginning to overwhelm the dogs by sheer numbers, and are regrouping.
74) 27) dialog: Betrayed!
74) 43) text: All around, the battle has decayed; the Scots are being  slaughtered. Another bolt glances off Wallace's helmet; a third rips into his thigh plate, making his legs collapse Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's hor He hits Robert from behind, knocking him down, and jumps the ground to try and lift William onto the horse! Robert sees a knot of crossbowmen moving up, sighting out Wallace, taking careful aim! Bruce leaps up and helps Ste sling Wallace onto the back of the horse, even covers him with his shield, deflecting another bolt fired at Wallace as Stephen mounts too. As the horse plunges away into the smoke, Robert falls to the water. His own troops reach him, realize who he is, s the horrible expression on his face, and race on after th Scots. Robert is left alone, on his knees in the water, the fire and noise of battle now dim to him, as if his senses have died along with his heart.
75) 0) text: Remnants of the defeated army straggle past. Wallace and  Stephen are trying to help Hamish carry his father, but n old Campbell says...
76) 0) text: Wallace, still bloody and in his battered armor, removes chain of office from beneath his breastplate, lays it ont the table in front of Craig and the other nobles, and wal from the room. Hamish and Stephen see the satisfaction on the nobles' face, and follow William out.
77) 0) text: Hamish and Stephen move out into the hallway after Wallac but he is gone.
88) 0) text: Wallace is in the grove of trees where Marion is buried. Drinking in the silence, his own isolation. He hears a RU behind him, and spins, drawing the broadsword. Then his f registers... it's Hamish and Stephen. Hamish is unsure if he did the right thing in coming here unsure, until Wallace moves to them, and hugs them.
89) 3) text: Stephen pulls a jug of whiskey from his pocket. He swigs, hands it to Hamish for a chug, then to Wallace, who decli but smiles for the first time in many weeks.
93) 4) text: Stephen offers the jug; Wallace declines.
93) 5) dialog: Come, it'll help you sleep.
95) 6) text: Wallace glances at Hamish and Stephen, who can barely hid their contempt. Wallace looks at the nobles.
97) 0) text: William, Hamish, and Stephen are on their horses, looking down at the road leading into the city. Wallace hands his dagger to Stephen, and unbuckles his broadsword and gives to Hamish.
97) 3) text: Wallace hugs them, first Stephen, then Hamish. Tears roll down Hamish's cheeks. With one last look at his friends,  Wallace rides away.
108) 3) text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT N from her room in the palace... -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the cr helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pa -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watche -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle i Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered  handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
108) 10) text: The executioners slam Wallace onto his back on the table, spread his arms and legs, and tie each to a crank. Goaded the crowd, they pull the ropes taut. They crowd grows qui enough to hear the groaning of Wallace's limbs. Hamish an Stephen feel it in their own bodies.
108) 20) text: SILENCE. Hamish and Stephen weep, whisper, pray...
108) 21) dialog: Mercy, William... Say Mercy...
110) 4) text: UP ON THE HILL, Robert the Bruce sits on his horse, and w He looks down at the English generals, at their banners,  their army. He looks down the ranks at his own. He sees Hamish. Stephen. Old MacClannough is there, his e watery, his weapon sharp. The Scottish bride Lord Bottoms took is there, among the ragtag archers, her husband besi her. Robert knows none of them -- yet he knows them all. Old Craig, among the other Scottish nobles mounted beside the Bruce, grows impatient.