3) 0) text: Nestled in emerald hills are the thatched roof house and  barn and outbuildings of a well-run farm. The farmer, MAL WALLACE, and his nineteen-year-old son JOHN, both strong, tough men, are riding away from the farm. They hear hoove behind them and turn to see a boy riding after them.
3) 2) text: We FAVOR JOHN WALLACE, the nineteen-year-old sitting easi on his horse, beside his father...
4) 0) text: The horses are all gone; the place looks deserted. UP ON HILL we see the three Wallaces, looking down.
5) 0) text: POV from within as the door opens and a widening block of sunlight illuminates the dusty shadows. Malcolm and John  Wallace step in, and are shocked to see...
5) 10) text: Then, worst of all, William sees the pages, boys like him hanged in a row behind their masters! Finally his father and brother reach William and hug him  tight. There in the barn, among the swinging bodies of th hanged nobles, Malcolm Wallace grips his sons.
6) 11) text: Young Wallace has snuck down and is eavesdropping from th stairs. He sees his father drip his finger into a jug of  whiskey and use the wet finger to draw on the tabletop.
16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.
16) 2) text: With the final Amen, the neighbors drift from the gravesi pulling their Children along, to give William a last mome of private grief before the grave diggers cover the bodie The boy stands alone over the open graves, his heart so  shattered that he can scarcely cry; a single tear makes i way down his face. And the tiny girl feels for William in way that the adults cannot. From the ground she pulls a  Scottish thistle, moves to the softly weeping William and places the beautiful wild blossom in his hand. William looks up and their young eyes meet; her sad blue  eyes hold William's as the grave diggers cover the bodies Then a lone, mounted figure appears at the crest of the h above them. Tall, thin and angular, in black clerical gar he looks like the grim reaper. The girl hurries back to her mother's side; everyone watc in silence as the figure rides down to them. He is ARGYLE WALLACE. He looks like a human buzzard, his face craggy,  permanently furious.
29) 0) text: Flutes and dancing; laughter and garlands; village famili have gathered for a wedding celebration -- we see the hap bride and groom. Farmers cart in fresh bread and hoops of cheese; villagers arrive with casks of beer or strings of smoked fish. And watching the people are ubiquitous English soldiers,  battlescarred veterans with missing eyes and ears. Riding along the road comes William Wallace. Grown now, a man. He sits his horse as if born there, his back straigh his hands relaxed on the reins. He has a look of lean, ri power. He looks dangerous. And the soldiers notice him, nudging each other as he pas He carries a dead wild goose hanging across his saddle; h stops his horse at the edge of the clearing and surveys t scene. Farmers are roasting a pig; women are comparing  handiwork; young men are tossing huge stones in the  traditional Highland games -- and everyone is noticing  William's arrival, especially the farm women with daughte of marriageable age. Among those watching William arrive is Campbell, grown ol now; and with his old rebel friend, MacClannough. William dismounts and ties his horse to a willow. One of the Engl SOLDIERS shoves William from behind.
29) 59) text: Even unarmed, Stewart is about to attack -- but the bride intervenes. She grabs her father and whispers to him. She moves to her husband and does the same. Holding back tear she allows herself to be pulled up behind one of the hors Marion MacClannough is looking on, sobered by her friend' courage and sickened by her fate -- and Marion is even mo unsettled as she notices that one of the soldiers, a  particularly nasty looking brute with a scarred face, is  leering at her. William Wallace sees this too. The noble and his escorts ride away, and as they do it be to rain. The celebration destroyed, the Scots gather the  food and disperse to their homes. But Wallace remains,  standing in the downpour, keeping his thoughts to himself
43) 2) text: We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his hor pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with th eyes white with fear... They stand to shoot at him with t bows; the arrows WHISH toward the lens, fly past... The arrows tear through Wallace's clothes, but don't catc his flesh. He charges on; his horse LEAPS the barrier as  Wallace simultaneously swings the broadsword -- and he's  more than an expert: the tip, at the end of a huge arc, n breaks the sound barrier and the blade bites through the  corporal's helmet, taking off the upper half of his head! The soldiers try to rally, to shoot him in the back as hi horse leaps over them. One of them has sighted William's  back... But Hamish and his father crash into them! It's a wild fight; old Campbell takes an arrow through the shoul but keeps hacking with his sword; Hamish batters down two men -- and more Scots arrive! They overwhelm the soldiers
44) 2) text: The see Wallace gallop into sight; but he stops, then hea down a side street. The Magistrate and his men don't like this; where did he Which way will he come from? And then they hear the horse and see the other Scots, at the head of the main street. soldiers unleash a volley of arrows at them. They are loading to fire again when Wallace runs in -- on foot! -- and cuts down two soldiers! The other Scots char The startled soldiers break and run in every direction. The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too. Wallace pursues. Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falte He turns to fight, and Wallace slashes away his sword.
44) 6) text: Wallace's eyes shift, falling on
45) 6) text: Wallace is sitting alone nearby, staring at nothing. Hami moves over and puts a hand on his shoulder. Wallace looks his friend, and looks away; killing the Magistrate did no bring Marion back. SHOUTS of alarm: ARMED MEN are coming! The farmers scramb for their weapons, ready to fight; even Campbell jumps up but what they see coming out of the darkness are twenty m farmers, with hayhooks, knives, axes, anything they could find for weapons. Their leader is MacGREGOR.
45) 10) dialog: Go home. Some of us are in this, I  can't help that now. But you can  help yourselves. Go home.
45) 12) text: They all look at Wallace.
46) 2) text: Tell him that I will hang five rebels for every good  Englishman killed! FORM FOR MARCH! The troops begin to scramble into the courtyard. At the s time, the messenger gallops to the gate and nods for the  keepers to open it. They pull up the chains and the heavy gate rises. The messenger spurs his horse to gallop throu and is hit in the chest with an axe! The Scots, hidden just outside the gate, come pouring thr led by Wallace! Arrows pick soldiers from their perches,  Scots drop over the wall; the surprise is so complete tha it's over almost without a fight. Lord Bottoms looks arou in confusion...
46) 4) text: Scots drag Lord Bottoms off his horse; an arrow in a flex bow jabs right up to his eye, the archer ready to drive t shaft through Bottom's eye socket and into his brain; but Wallace's hand closes on the archer's fingers -- and Bott sees that the archer at the other end of the arrow shaft none other than the Highland farmgirl he forced into his on her wedding night. Beside her is her husband, holding scythe, red with English blood.
46) 5) dialog: On your way somewhere, M'lord?
46) 7) text: The point of Wallace's sword jumps beneath the Lord's chi
46) 8) dialog: My name is William Wallace. I am no  bandit who hides his face... Find  this man a horse.
46) 10) dialog: Give him a horse.
46) 12) dialog: Not this horse. That one.
46) 14) dialog: Today we will spare you, and every  man who has yielded. Go back to  England. Tell them Scotland's  daughters and her sons are yours no  more. Tell them Scotland is free.
46) 15) text: As the Scots cheer, Wallace throws Lord Bottoms onto the  nag's back and slaps the horse's rear. IT shambles away,  followed by the English survivors, as the Scots chant...
49) 0) text: -- Troops ride through the countryside, intimidating and  questioning civilians; all refuse to talk. -- Wallace's house burns, as soldiers dig up the graves o his father and brother, and scatter their bones to dogs. -- The English search through the woods, finding nothing.
51) 0) text: We open on Marion's grave, with the thistle-carved marker looking peaceful; but up the hill in the underbrush, Engl soldiers wait in ambush. Edgy, they perk up at the sound muffled hoofbeats -- then their eyes bug as a cloaked fig Wallace -- suddenly looms up behind them, galloping and  swirling fire! He hurls burning torches into the clustere soldiers, setting some of them on fire! MEANWHILE, HAMISH has crawled to Marion's grave and is di frantically. The new dirt parts easily and he pulls the  shrouded body out, cringing with the effort. MORE SOLDIERS rush from behind the rocks at the far side the graveyard. Wallace charges them, driving them back. H grabs the reins of Hamish's horse, hidden among trees, an gallops to him. Hamish hands the shrouded body up to William and bounds i the saddle of his own horse. They spur the horses and rid away, William clutching Marion's shrouded body to his che
52) 2) dialog: Hamish, I... thank...
54) 0) text: Wallace and his inner circle hare huddled around a small  fire. Other highlanders guard the perimeters. Old Campbel is lovingly honing the broadswords to razor edges and sha a whiskey jug with Hamish, who stares at the fire. Wallac is using a stick to draw diagrams in the dirt.
54) 2) dialog: Thinking.
54) 4) dialog: What do we do when Longshanks sends  his whole northern army against us?  They have heavy cavalry. Armored  horses, that shake the very ground.  They'll ride right over us.
54) 5) text: At a loss, Wallace looks up at the sky. HE SEES: the tree stretching into the night like spikes to skewer the stars
54) 6) dialog: We make spears. A hundred spears.  Fourteen feet long.
54) 9) text: They look to see a half dozen new volunteers being led in blindfolded. When the guides remove the blindfolds, the n recruits see Wallace and rush to him, bowing.
54) 11) dialog: Stand up, man, I'm not the Pope.
54) 15) text: Carefully, Faudron pulls out a beautiful tartan scarf, an replaces Wallace's tattered old one.
54) 17) dialog: Thank her for me.
54) 27) text: Wallace jerks his sword to the Irishman's throat, and gri
54) 28) dialog: That's my friend, Irishman. And the  answer's yes. You fight for me, you  kill the English.
54) 33) text: Wallace shakes his head and moves back to the fire, as th sentries take the newcomers to find their own spaces.
55) 6) text: But as they move toward the firm ground, fifty Scots appe on the crest of the hill. Hamish leads them, smiling. Dolecroft wheels and looks to his rear; Wallace appears t with fifty more, and more Scots appear to the left and ri of the English, who are surrounded in the bog. Too late,  Dolecroft realizes his blunder. Wallace lifts his broadsw screams, and leads the charge...
56) 0) text: The Scots are moving through deep woods; they are laden w the booty they took from the English cavalry: extra weapo clothing, food -- and one man even wears the late Dolecro plumed hat. Wallace is leading them, traveling with his h sheathed broadsword across his shoulders.
56) 1) dialog: Stop here and rest.
58) 1) dialog: Marion! Is... is it you?
58) 3) dialog: I'm dreaming.
58) 5) dialog: I don't want to wake. I want to stay  with you.
58) 7) dialog: I need you so much! I love you!
58) 14) text: Wallace jumps up, hearing the DISTANT BARKING that alarme Hamish. Stephen, the new Irish recruit, races up.
58) 18) dialog: He's right, Hamish! Campbell! Divide  them and run!
58) 19) text: Shoving groups of men in different directions, Wallace th takes off. His group is about a dozen; they race through woods, dodging trees, running aimlessly. They stop and li The BARKS are getting closer.
58) 20) dialog: Split again!
58) 21) text: Again they divide, and race in different directions. But no matter how they run and dodge, the BARKS grow near We INTERCUT with the approaching of the dogs -- a large P OF HOUNDS, with keepers like on a fox hunt, and behind th dogs, Lord Pickering, with his soldiers, prepared for a l chase, cloaked against the wet darkness, carrying torches Wallace and others pause, hear the dogs, and run again, i new direction. The hounds are relentless. Wallace's group down to Hamish, Stephen, and Faudron.
58) 22) dialog: No matter how we go, they follow.  They have our scent. My scent.
58) 24) text: Faster now, faster. The barks are getting very close. Wallace and his friends are starting to panic. The blood  beats in their ears, their breath scalds their lungs. And MOVE IN on Wallace's eyes. He stops, gasping.
58) 26) dialog: They've tricked us.
58) 28) dialog: The dogs have a scent. My scent.  Someone must have given it to them.
58) 30) dialog: Exactly.
58) 31) text: Wallace pulls out his dagger...
58) 39) text: And just as the realization hits Pickering that he can't  pursue Wallace any further, a cloaked figure mixed in amo his men leans in from behind him to whisper...
58) 43) text: Three wild men tear out of the darkness from different  directions, their swords slashing. Pickering's men panic run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident their torches, fell with them in all directions. Wallace, Hamish and Stephen are left alone in the heart o the woods, howling, barking like dogs, snarling like wolv and then laughing like hyenas!
58) 45) dialog: No English lord would trust an  Irishman!
58) 47) text: They laugh again; then Wallace's laughter leaks away, and stares into the trees, where he saw Marion in his dream. VARIOUS SHOTS - THE STORY SPREADS THROUGH SCOTLAND... Two men are talking in A VILLAGE...
59) 0) text: A Highlander, a RUNNER, slips like a shadow up the hillsi to a circle of ancient monoliths. There, hidden among the stone pillars, he finds Wallace and his band resting.
59) 2) dialog: Do the nobles rally?
60) 0) text: Wallace rides down the road, followed by his band. As the pass people on the road, the women, the children, all che
60) 2) text: At a crossroads, more of Wallace's men join them, in clus One group carries something long, encased in wool covers. Farmers in the field, blacksmiths at their forges, leave  their work and uncover their inevitable weapons and run a the riders. They put on their forbidden tartans, kiss the wives and head off to fight.
61) 12) text: Then, riding into the mob of men, comes Wallace, followed his friends. He's striking, charismatic, his powerful arm bare, his chest covered not in armor but a commoner's lea shirt, and unlike the heavy knights on their armored hors Wallace rides a swift horse, like he was born on it. The entire Scottish army watches in fascination as Wallac and his men ride through them, toward the command hill. T soldiers whisper among themselves...
61) 15) text: The common soldiers, already having broken ranks, cluster the hill to see the confrontation. As Wallace and his cap reach the nobles, Stephen laughs.
61) 18) dialog: For presenting yourselves on this  battlefield, I give you thanks.
61) 20) dialog: I give homage to Scotland. And if  this is your army, why does it go?
61) 21) text: Wallace reins his horse around to face the mob of sullen  men, now frightened, ready to desert. We play this pictur Wallace sitting his horse, looking down in awe at this th that has grown beyond anyone's imagination. He glances at his friends: Campbell, Hamish, Stephen. They've got no suggestions, they're just as awed as he is
61) 24) text: Wallace raises his hand, and the army falls silent.
61) 25) dialog: Sons of Scotland!... I am William  Wallace!
61) 27) dialog: Yes, I have heard! He kills men by  the hundreds! And if he were here,  he would consume the English with  fireballs from his eyes, and bolts  of lightning from his ass!
61) 29) dialog: I am William Wallace. And my enemies  do not go away. I saw our good nobles  hanged. My wife... I am William  Wallace. And I see a whole army of  my countrymen, here in defiance of  tyranny. You have come to fight as  free men. And free men you are! What  will you do with freedom? Will you  fight?
61) 31) dialog: Yes. Fight and you may die. Run and  you will live, at least awhile. And  dying in your bed many years from  now, would you be willing to trade  all the days from this day to that,  for one chance to come back here as  young men, and tell our enemies that  they make take our lives, but they  will never take our freedom?
61) 34) dialog: No! They will not!
61) 36) dialog: And I will.
61) 41) dialog: Bring out our spearmen and set them  in the field.
61) 42) text: Campbell, Hamish and Stephen ride off. Mornay reins his h over, lifts the reins of Wallace's horse, and extends the to him: an invitation to join the pre-battle talks. Wallace mounts up and rides out with the Scottish nobles meet the English contingent.
61) 47) dialog: I have an offer for you.
61) 49) text: Wallace pulls his broadsword and snaps it at Cheltham, wh eyes flash in disbelief at the bad manners.
61) 51) dialog: From his king? Absolutely. Here are  Scotland's terms. Lower your flags  and march straight to England,  stopping at every Scottish home you  pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred  years of theft, rape, and murder. Do  that, and your men shall live. Do it  not, and every one of you will die  today.
61) 54) dialog: I'm not finished. Before we let you  leave, your commander must cross  that bridge, stand before this army,  put his head between his legs, and  kiss his own ass.
61) 57) dialog: Be ready, and do exactly as I say.
61) 58) text: They return to the Scottish lines. Wallace dismounts wher his men are breaking out new 14-foot spears. Hamish, eyeb raised, looks expectantly at Wallace; Wallace nods.
62) 9) dialog: Steady! Hold... hold... NOW!
62) 11) dialog: FORM!
62) 15) dialog: Here I am, English coward! Come get  me!!
62) 21) text: WALLACE smiles. He grabs Hamish.
62) 22) dialog: Tell Mornay to ride to the flank and  cross upstream. Wait! Tell him to be  sure the English see him ride away!
62) 34) dialog: lifts his sword.
62) 35) dialog: For Scotland!
62) 39) text: The English leaders try to herd more of their footsoldier onto the bridge, which only hams them up. Meanwhile, on t other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men sl into the English infantry with wild fury. The English fal back on each other, further blocking the bridge.
62) 42) text: With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive th English back, killing as they go. The Scots reach the bri itself. The waters below it run red with blood. Talmadge has begun to panic.
63) 4) text: Wallace lifts his eyes, taking it all in. At the rear of hall is a balcony, backed by a magnificent sunlit stained glass window, and in the center of its rainbow corona he  sees a familiar form: Marion, so real to him in this mome of triumph that he can see her, glowing like an angel, in gown worthy of the occasion. But the illusion won't last; the blink of an eye she is gone, and Wallace hears the ch and fingers the cloth she gave him.
64) 5) text: The nobles on each side of the table try to outdo each ot in their acclamation as Wallace strides in, flanked by Ha Campbell, and Stephen, splendid in their tartans. Old Craig rises.
64) 7) text: The nobles rise; court attendants hurry to Wallace and dr a golden chain of office around his neck. Wallace takes t three smaller chains they bring and drapes them around th necks of his friends, as once again the nobles applaud. Almost before the applause dies, a member of the BALLIOL  clan, who has kept an open seat beside him, speaks up...
64) 9) text: But Wallace's gaze has locked onto Robert the Bruce, who  stares back, the two young lions instantly recognizing th leadership power of each other.
64) 10) dialog: You are Robert the Bruce.
64) 12) dialog: My father fought in support of yours.
64) 17) text: Wallace glances again at the Bruce, who suddenly feels as of the bickering.
64) 19) text: Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door
64) 24) dialog: I will invade England. And defeat  the English on their own ground.
64) 26) text: Wallace slings out his broadsword and moves down the leng of the table, bashing the succession documents into the l of the nobles.
64) 27) dialog: LISTEN TO ME! Longshanks understands  this! This!
64) 29) dialog: There is a difference between us.  You think the people of this country  exist to provide you with position.  I think your position exists to  provide the people with freedom. And  I go to make sure they have it.
64) 30) text: Wallace bangs through the door. Suppressing smiles, his  friends file out behind him.
65) 0) text: Wallace and his men are marching away, as Robert the Bruc runs out after them.
65) 2) dialog: And the common man who bleeds on the  battlefield, does he risk less?
65) 4) dialog: We all end up dead. It's only a  question of how. And why.
65) 5) text: Wallace walks; Robert catches up and speaks to him in an  urgent half whisper, so that no one else can hear.
65) 7) dialog: Nobles? What does that mean -- to be  noble? Your title gives you claim to  the throne of our country. But men  don't follow titles, they follow  courage! Your arm speaks louder than  your tongue. Our people know you.  Noble and common, they respect you.  If you would lead them toward freedom,  they would follow you. And so would  I.
65) 8) text: Wallace walks away, leaving Robert the Bruce alone.
66) 16) dialog: Back! Wait for it to burn!
66) 21) dialog: STOP! NOT YET! LISTEN TO ME! (beat) They wish to frighten us! Or goad us  into attacking too soon! Don't look  away! LOOK!
66) 23) dialog: Behold the enemy we fight! We will  be more merciful than they have been.  We will spare women, children, and  priests. For all else, no mercy.
66) 24) text: Wallace draws his broadsword. The burning debris inside t gate collapses, leaving a tunnel through the fire. Wallac screams, and leads the charge through the burning barrier
68) 0) text: A full encampment, across an English field; campfires cha the dawn chill. Soldiers sharpen swords and spear points. Wallace is huddled with his inner circle, all except Camp who receives a report from a scout.
68) 2) text: Wallace buckles on his sword.
68) 4) dialog: Longshanks! I have come.
68) 5) text: Servants pull back the sides of the tent door, and a tall slender, shapely female figure appears there. There in th shadows, she looks just like Marion! William is not the o one who notices the resemblance; he glances at Hamish and Campbell and sees them haunted by it too. Is this another dream? He pales, as she steps into the morning sun. She m toward him, her face lowered. It is Marion! She reaches him, lifts her face... and he sees the Prince William is relieved -- and yet as he sees the Princess mo closely he is still shaken by the resemblance in the way carries herself, her shape, the fall of her hair. The Princess is struck with Wallace, too -- tall, powerfu and commanding. Wallace dismounts, and moves to face her. Their eyes hang on each other. She sees something that sh has not seen in the face of a man in her whole life. She surprises him by bending at the knee, in a half-submi yet proud curtsey.
68) 7) dialog: Wife of Edward, the king's son?
68) 10) dialog: It's battle I want, not talk.
68) 12) text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeo walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his le like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,  shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French gua so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots  surround the tent, ready for ambush. Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wal she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower  chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair. She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
68) 14) dialog: I have been given nothing. God makes  men what they are.
68) 16) dialog: York was the staging point for every  invasion of my country. And that  royal cousin hanged a hundred Scots,  even women and children, from the  city walls.
68) 19) dialog: Longshanks did far worse, the last  time he took a Scottish city.
68) 22) dialog: (Latin!) I am no bandit. And I do not lie.
68) 23) text: They are startled at Wallace's fluency in Latin.
68) 24) dialog: Or in French if you prefer that:  Certainmous et ver! Ask your king to  his face, and see if his eyes can  convince you of the truth.
68) 25) text: She stares for a long moment at Wallace's eyes.
68) 29) text: He reluctantly obeys. Seeing that she wants the exchange be private, Wallace turns and nods for his men to leave. Stephen, who has been admiring the lady's beauty non-stop leans in and whispers to William...
68) 31) text: Stephen moves off with Hamish and Campbell. Wallace and t princess are left alone.
68) 33) dialog: A Lordship. And gold. That I should  become Judas.
68) 35) dialog: SLAVES ARE MADE IN SUCH WAYS!
68) 36) text: The outburst startles even those watching from a distance The Princess is mesmerized by Wallace's passion.
68) 38) dialog: She was my wife. We married in secret  because I would not share her with  an English lord. They killed her to  get to me. And she was pregnant.
68) 39) text: The Princess is stunned; Wallace is dead still.
68) 40) dialog: I've never told anyone. I don't know  why I tell you -- except because you  look... much like her. And someday  you will be a queen, and you must  open your eyes! (beat) Tell your king that William Wallace  will not be ruled. Nor will any Scot,  while I live.
69) 0) text: Wallace and his captains sit on horseback at the head of  their company and watch as the Princess' procession leave Hamish studies Wallace's face; Wallace notices and gives a non-committal shrug. As the carriage rolls away, its wi curtains lift back slightly. All they see are the Princes fingers, but they know she looked back. Wallace reins his horse away, to ride back to camp.
71) 2) text: The riders stop at a distance, and out from their ranks c a single rider, sitting sidesaddle. It is Nicolette. Wallace and Hamish recognize her from the Princess's visi She trots her horse the rest of the way, while the French guards stay back. Hamish helps her from her horse. She mo to Wallace, and opens the heavy folds of her heavy riding cape. Secreted there, hung from a rope at her neck, is a crossb
72) 0) text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Br Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and St have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked positio and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behi the armor. William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the a and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no d what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
72) 3) dialog: A thousand. (beat) You have made me Guardian of Scotland.  So I tell you this is what we face.
72) 5) dialog: Peace?!
72) 7) dialog: With cavalry -- not heavy, like the  English, but light, fast horsemen,  like you nobles employ -- we could  outmaneuver their bowmen!
72) 10) text: The Bruce sees Wallace about to explode, and tries to  intervene -- but Wallace's anger is too great.
72) 11) dialog: We won at Stirling and still you  quibbled! We won at York and you  would not support us! Then I said  nothing! Now I say you are cowards!
72) 12) text: The nobles grip their weapons; Wallace, Hamish and Stephe are ready to finish this quarrel right here. Robert the B backed by Mornay, steps between the two sides.
72) 14) text: The nobles stalk away, and Robert draws Wallace away, to target Wallace shot, so they are alone.
72) 17) dialog: War finds me willing. I know it won't  bring back all I have lost. But it  can bring what none of us have ever  had -- a country of our own. For  that we need a king. We need you.
72) 19) dialog: Then tell me what a king is! Is he a  man who believes only what others  believe? Is he one who calculates  the numbers for and against him but  never weighs the strength in your  own heart? There is strength in you.  I see it. I know it.
72) 21) dialog: And I will consult with mine.
72) 22) text: Robert the Bruce walks off the field, heading the way the other nobles went. Wallace rejoins Hamish and Stephen. Th look to him; what do we do now?
72) 23) dialog: Remember when the English turned  their hounds on us? Maybe we should  introduce them to our dogs.
74) 0) text: The Scottish army moves out onto the hilly plain, covered the gray mists. They see glimpses of the enemy in the  distance. Wallace deploys the Scots: Campbell with the  schiltrons (spear formations), Stephen with the infantry, the noble Mornay leading the cavalry, and with Wallace an Hamish on horseback, looking over the field. Hamish sees  gazing up at an empty hill above the field.
74) 2) dialog: Mornay has come. So will the Bruce.
74) 4) dialog: Stephen ready?
74) 9) dialog: Irish troops!
74) 14) text: Loyal to the end. Wallace signals to Hamish and Campbell, among the schiltrons. The formations, bristling with spea move forward. Hamish looks back at Wallace; both men know the spearmen are the bait here. Wallace and Stephen see t English heavy cavalry advancing.
74) 16) text: Wallace is scanning the battlefield. He sees the English  cavalry charge, but before they reach the bristling spear they pull up, and crossbowmen, moving up behind the knigh
74) 17) dialog: It's only a faint to shield the  crossbows!
74) 19) dialog: Now! Give 'em the dogs!
74) 20) text: Stephen signals, and up the slope behind them come handle with ten war dogs. Huge mastiffs, they wear steel collars, with razor sharp  protrusions. Their handlers hold them at the end of long  catch poles. The crossbowmen are distracted from their  reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the  Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleas the dogs, fear races through the English line. The dogs tear into them. It is chaos; the bowmen can't fl and as the dogs mix among them, the bowmen fire frantical mostly hitting each other. The dogs' collars slash legs;  their jaws crush bones; even when their back legs are hac off, the frenzied dogs keep killing. Wallace signals to Mornay with the Scottish cavalry. Morn does nothing. The crossbowmen, though taking great punish are beginning to overwhelm the dogs by sheer numbers, and are regrouping.
74) 21) dialog: Now! Charge! Charge them!
74) 28) text: Wallace glances to the other hilltop; still no sign of Br He looks on in agony as the crossbowmen unleash another  volley. The Scottish spearmen, bunched in a tight group, helpless. The bolts fall, cutting through their helmets a breastplates like paper. Wallace has no cavalry -- and hi men are being slaughtered! He spurs his horse, and Stephe and the infantrymen race behind him. The English heavy cavalry surge to meet them, but Wallace weaves through them, dodging with his horse, slashing wit the broadsword, cutting down on knight, another, another. The Scottish infantry claws in, dragging down the horses, hacking the knights as they run by. The English bowmen are about to fire again, but they see Scottish charge bearing down on them and adjust their aim the bolts cut into the infantrymen; one bolt tears off th armor of Wallace's left shoulder. He wobbles on his horse regains his balance, and keeps up the charge.
74) 34) dialog: Hamish! Ham --
74) 35) text: And Wallace sees that Hamish is holding his father, falle in battle. Wallace has no time to react; he cuts down and English swordsman moving in to hack Hamish's back. Wallac lifts Campbell across the saddle, and shouts at Hamish...
74) 36) dialog: Get him away!
74) 37) text: Hamish obeys, jumping onto the horse and galloping back t the rear. Wallace fights with new vengeance, swinging the double-edged broadsword with deadly accuracy. Rallied by Wallace's presence, the Scots surge back. Then Wallace sees the English reinforcement cavalry coming.
74) 38) dialog: A charge! Form up! Form up!
74) 39) text: The Scots pull up spears and hastily form another schiltr The spears bristle out, ready... the English horsemen thu in. But before the spears impale the horses, another flig of crossbow bolts cuts down half the Scots still fighting Hamish reaches the rear of the battle and lowers the limp body of his father to the Scottish monks who are attendin to the wounded and giving absolution to the dying... Still Wallace fights back, meeting the English charge. Th Scots hold their own. An English knight tries to ride ove William; he knocks the lance aside, and tough the horse s into him, William also unseats the rider. The rider rolls to his feet. William struggles up to meet him -- and comes face to face with Robert the Bruce. The shock and recognition stun Wallace; in that moment,  looking at Robert the Bruce's guilt-ridden face, he  understands everything: the betrayal, the hopelessness of Scotland. As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it. Bruce is horrified at the sight of Wallace this way. He  batters at Wallace's sword, as if its use would give him  absolution.
74) 41) text: But Wallace can only stagger back. Bruce's voice grows ra as he screams.
74) 43) text: All around, the battle has decayed; the Scots are being  slaughtered. Another bolt glances off Wallace's helmet; a third rips into his thigh plate, making his legs collapse Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's hor He hits Robert from behind, knocking him down, and jumps the ground to try and lift William onto the horse! Robert sees a knot of crossbowmen moving up, sighting out Wallace, taking careful aim! Bruce leaps up and helps Ste sling Wallace onto the back of the horse, even covers him with his shield, deflecting another bolt fired at Wallace as Stephen mounts too. As the horse plunges away into the smoke, Robert falls to the water. His own troops reach him, realize who he is, s the horrible expression on his face, and race on after th Scots. Robert is left alone, on his knees in the water, the fire and noise of battle now dim to him, as if his senses have died along with his heart.
75) 0) text: Remnants of the defeated army straggle past. Wallace and  Stephen are trying to help Hamish carry his father, but n old Campbell says...
75) 7) dialog: You... were like my father...
76) 0) text: Wallace, still bloody and in his battered armor, removes chain of office from beneath his breastplate, lays it ont the table in front of Craig and the other nobles, and wal from the room. Hamish and Stephen see the satisfaction on the nobles' face, and follow William out.
78) 0) text: Wallace is in the woods, in the grove of trees, looking a Marion's hidden grave. The rain falls on his face, like t But he has no tears of his own. The cold, the icy rain, t wounds, nothing seems to touch him. With his fingertips he carefully draws her embroidered cl from beneath his breastplate; hanging in his trembling ha filthy with the grime and gore of battle, it looks imposs white, something from a better, purer world.
81) 0) text: Mornay, in an opulent bedchamber hung with tapestries and carpeted with eastern rugs, lies in bed, tossing in the  restless sleep of a tortured soul. He thinks he hears galloping. In SUBLIMINAL FLASHES he DR of Wallace riding toward him. He wakes, and listens to a strange noise. It is hoofbeats Coming closer. He hears shouts too, screams from below -- and those strange, approaching hoofbeats...
82) 0) text: The horse and rider plunge past the sheer walls of the  castle... and into the loch! Mornay's guards and the cast servants cluster at the windows to see Wallace and the ho surface, and swim to the shore, escaping!
88) 0) text: Wallace is in the grove of trees where Marion is buried. Drinking in the silence, his own isolation. He hears a RU behind him, and spins, drawing the broadsword. Then his f registers... it's Hamish and Stephen. Hamish is unsure if he did the right thing in coming here unsure, until Wallace moves to them, and hugs them.
89) 1) dialog: Thanks for the food and drink. And  for bringing 'em yourselves.
89) 3) text: Stephen pulls a jug of whiskey from his pocket. He swigs, hands it to Hamish for a chug, then to Wallace, who decli but smiles for the first time in many weeks.
89) 5) text: Wallace frowns; a barn?
90) 0) text: Hauntingly similar to the one in Wallace's childhood. As sits on his horse and looks at the place, surmounted by a white flag of truce, it gives him a chill. But in full vi of the barn, he hands Hamish his sword and rides forward.
91) 0) text: The Princess sees the burning off in the distance, like a bonfire. She stands on the wall, looking out at it. And t she sees, on a hillside, silhouetted against the night an the fire, a rider, just sitting there on his horse, looki at the castle. She runs into the castle, up the stairs, a stands on the pinnacle of the castle, so that she too is  silhouetted, and he can see her. The lone rider is William Wallace.
91) 4) dialog: A meeting in a barn. It had to be a  trap. And only you would know I would  be aware of it.
91) 11) dialog: Why did you?
91) 18) dialog: You have... you have a husband.
91) 22) dialog: I cannot love you for the sake of  revenge.
92) 0) text: Wallace stands alone in the grove where Marion lies.
92) 1) text: -- Wallace and fifty men gallop through a village on the to an English fortress; the villagers drop what they're d and run to follow them; we see Wallace's face, relentless as he hacks men down in the attack; with the fortress sac and smoking in the background, we see Wallace lead his me away, the people cheering him...
93) 0) text: Once again, Wallace stares at the fire, beside his friend
93) 2) dialog: I rest.
93) 4) text: Stephen offers the jug; Wallace declines.
93) 6) dialog: Aye. But it won't let me dream.
95) 0) text: A commotion; the nobles, their heads hooded, are led in o horseback by guerrillas from the village. The nobles stop feel their hoods pulled off, and see Wallace.
95) 2) dialog: You've all sworn to Longshanks.
95) 4) dialog: So let the council swear publicly.
95) 6) text: Wallace glances at Hamish and Stephen, who can barely hid their contempt. Wallace looks at the nobles.
95) 7) dialog: I will meet you, but only one way --  if Robert the Bruce is there, and  puts his hand on my Bible, and swears  his loyalty to Scotland.
96) 0) text: Wallace stands alone, looking at the moon and stars. Hami moves up and sits down beside him.
96) 2) dialog: Probably. But we can't win alone. We  know that. This is the only way.
96) 4) dialog: Nor I! I want to live! I want a home  and children and peace. I've asked  god for those things. But He's brought  me this sword. And if He wills that  I must lay it down to have what He  wants for my country, then I'll do  that too.
96) 6) dialog: We've lived a dream together. A dream  of freedom!
96) 8) dialog: My dreams of Marion are gone. I killed  them myself. If I knew I could live  with her on the other side of death,  I'd welcome it.
97) 0) text: William, Hamish, and Stephen are on their horses, looking down at the road leading into the city. Wallace hands his dagger to Stephen, and unbuckles his broadsword and gives to Hamish.
97) 2) dialog: No. One of us is enough.
97) 3) text: Wallace hugs them, first Stephen, then Hamish. Tears roll down Hamish's cheeks. With one last look at his friends,  Wallace rides away.
98) 0) text: The house looks quiet as Wallace rides toward it.
99) 3) text: They hear the approach of a single horse. The Bruce looks out to see Wallace arriving.
100) 0) text: Wallace appears at the doorway into the main room, and st Bruce faces him. The eyes of BOTH MEN meet, saying everyt Wallace steps into the room. He sees something flicker on Bruce's face -- shame -- just as henchmen in the rafters  drop a weighted net and it envelopes Wallace. English soldiers spring from the closets, run down the st and tumble over him, ripping at his clothes, searching as broadswords might spring from his boots. They bind Wallace hand and foot. He stares at Robert the  Bruce, who averts his eyes. The soldiers hurry Wallace ou the back, where others are bringing up horses. Robert gra the English Captain of the soldiers.
100) 4) text: Robert the Bruce spots something on the floor that must h fallen from Wallace's clothes as they grabbed him; Bruce  lifts the white handkerchief, and sees the familiar thist embroidered on it.
101) 0) text: A procession of heavily armed English soldiers winds its toward London, Wallace strapped to an unsaddled horse, hi head bare to the sun. Country people come out to jeer...
101) 2) text: A thrown rock careens off Wallace's check; rotten fruit s his shirt. His lips are so parched they bleed.
105) 0) text: Wallace stands in medieval restraints worthy of Hannibal  Lecter. Before him are six scarlet-robed royal magistrate
105) 3) dialog: Treason. Against whom?
105) 5) dialog: Never, in my whole life, did I swear  allegiance to your king --
105) 7) dialog: -- while many who serve him have  taken and broken his oath many times.  I cannot commit treason, if I have  never been his subject!
105) 9) dialog: I do not confess.
106) 0) text: Wallace is alone in his cell, still in the garish restrai We can only see his eyes, as he prays.
106) 1) dialog: I am so afraid... Give me strength.
106) 7) text: The jailer obeys. The Princess can barely contain her sho at the sight of Wallace; the jailers snatch him upright.
106) 10) text: Reluctantly the jailers shuffle out of the cell, but they can still see her back and hear her. Looking at Wallace's eyes through the mask, she can't quite hold back her tear dangerous tears, that threaten to say too much. Wallace t to distract her.
106) 11) dialog: M'lady... what kindness of you to  visit a stranger.
106) 13) dialog: Will he show mercy to my country?  Will he take back his soldiers, and  let us rule ourselves?
106) 15) dialog: If I swear to him, then everything I  am is dead already.
106) 17) dialog: Your people are lucky to have a  princess so kind that she can grieve  at the death of a stranger.
106) 20) dialog: Every man dies. Not every man really  lives.
106) 23) dialog: It will numb my wits, and I must  have them all. If I'm senseless, or  if I wail, then Longshanks will have  broken me.
108) 0) text: The crowd is festive; hawkers sell roast chickens, and be from barrels. Royal horsemen arrive, dragging Wallace str to a wooden litter. As they cut him loose and lead him th the crowd, the people begin to jeer and throw things at h chicken bones, rocks, empty tankards. We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the s and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek. Wallace's eyes capture the soldier, and hold him, piercin his soul. The soldier looks away in shame, even as the re of the crowd jeers more. Grim magistrates prod Wallace and he climbs the execution platform. On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an  enormous axe. Wallace sees it all.
108) 2) text: He emphasizes "mercy" by pointing to the axe. Wallace is  pale, and trebles -- but he shakes his head. The CROWD gr noisier as they put the noose around Wallace's neck...
108) 3) text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT N from her room in the palace... -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the cr helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pa -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watche -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle i Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered  handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
108) 6) text: In the SCORE, AMAZING GRACE, wailed on bagpipes, carries  through all that happens now... Ties hand and foot, Walla is strangling. The Magistrate watches coldly; even when t executioner gives him a look that says they're about to g too far, he prolongs the moment; then the Magistrate nods and the executioner cuts the rope. Wallace slams to the  platform; the Magistrate leans to him.
108) 8) text: With great effort, Wallace rises to his knees. The Magist assumes a formal posture and offers the cloak. Wallace struggles all the way to his feet.
108) 10) text: The executioners slam Wallace onto his back on the table, spread his arms and legs, and tie each to a crank. Goaded the crowd, they pull the ropes taut. They crowd grows qui enough to hear the groaning of Wallace's limbs. Hamish an Stephen feel it in their own bodies.
108) 12) text: Wallace shakes his head. The executioners cut off his clo take hot irons from a fire box. The crowd grows silent; w see them, not Wallace, as the irons are touched to his bo but we hear the burning of flesh. Then the Magistrate sig Wallace wants to say something.
108) 13) dialog: That... will... clear your sinuses.
108) 14) text: Everyone hears; Hamish smiles, even through his tears. Rebuffed, the Magistrate nods to the executioners, who li the terrible instruments of dissection. We are spared seeing the cutting: we are ON WALLACE'S FAC as the disembowelment begins. The Magistrate leans in bes him.
108) 16) text: The crowd can't hear the magistrate but they know the  procedure, and they goad Wallace, chanting...
108) 18) text: Wallace's eyes roll to the magistrate, who signals QUIET!
108) 22) text: Wallace's eyes flutter, and clear. He fights through the  pain, struggles for one last deep breath, and screams...
108) 23) dialog: FREEEEE-DOMMMMMM!
110) 6) text: But Robert holds something -- uncurling his fist, he look at the thistle handkerchief that belonged to Wallace. The nobles start to rein their horses toward the English.
110) 12) text: The chant builds to a frenzy; it shakes the earth. The  Scottish nobles can scarcely believe it; the English are  shocked even more. Robert the Bruce, king of Scotland, sp his horse into full gallop toward the English, and the  Highlanders hurl their bodies down the hill, ready to run through hell itself. In SLOW MOTION we see their faces... And OVER THIS, we hear the voice of William Wallace...
110) 14) text: On Wallace's army behind Robert the Bruce, charging down hill to victory and glory, we slow to FREEZE FRAME and he their chant, huge, echoing...