3) 4) text: WILLIAM, a skinny eight-year-old riding bareback, catches to his father and older brother.
3) 6) dialog: I finished my chores. Where we goin'?
4) 2) text: He means William. He and his elder son spur their horses.
5) 3) text: A SHUFFLE; John spins; William has entered the back door.
5) 5) dialog: Why would MacAndrews make so many  scarecrows?
5) 6) text: Before his father and brother can think of anything to sa William, with a boy's curiosity, touches the spurred foot the hanged noblemen we first saw riding in. It's too soli he takes a real look at the face, and suddenly --
5) 7) dialog: R -- real!!!... Ahhhhhgggg!...
5) 8) text: He turns to run, but knocks back into the feet of the han man behind him! In blind panic he darts in another direct and runs into another corpse, and another; the hanged men begin to swing, making it harder for William's father and older brother to fight their way to him.
5) 10) text: Then, worst of all, William sees the pages, boys like him hanged in a row behind their masters! Finally his father and brother reach William and hug him  tight. There in the barn, among the swinging bodies of th hanged nobles, Malcolm Wallace grips his sons.
6) 4) text: WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallow back his tears and panic.
7) 0) text: Malcolm and John have saddled horses; they are checking t short swords they've tucked into grain sacks when William comes out of the barn with his own horse.
7) 2) dialog: I can fight.
7) 3) text: These words from his youngest son make Malcolm pause, and kneel, to look into William's eyes.
7) 5) text: Malcolm and John mount their horses and ride away, leavin William looking forlorn. They wave; he waves back.
7) 7) dialog: They're coming!
7) 9) dialog: Three, maybe more!
7) 11) dialog: They're English soldiers, ain't they?
7) 13) dialog: It's up to us, Hamish!
7) 14) text: Hamish leans forward for a look, but William pulls him ba
7) 15) dialog: Not yet! Here he comes, be ready!
8) 2) dialog: I wanna have supper waitin'.
8) 4) dialog: Aye, we'll get 'em.
9) 0) text: William's face appears at the window, looking toward
10) 0) text: William has cooked stew in a pot, and now spoons up two  steaming bowls full and sets them out on the table. But h is only hoping. He looks out the window again; he is stil all alone. So he leaves a candle burning on the table bes the stew, and moves up the stairs.
12) 0) text: William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep. He ris and in QUICK CUTS: he dresses; he moves down the hall, st at the door of his father's bedroom and sees the undistur bed. He moves on, passing the door of his brother's room, also unrumpled.
13) 0) text: William is in the barn loft, shoveling corn down to feed hogs, while he glimpses something coming.
13) 1) text: An ox cart is coming down the curving lane. Its driver is Campbell, with MacClannough walking behind it. The farmer glance up at William, their faces grim... From his perch in the loft, William sees that the neighbo have brought: the bodies of his father and brother. The c stops; Campbell, with a bandage around his left hand wher more of his fingers are now missing, studies the back of ox, as if it could tell him how to break such news. The b of the ox seems to tell him to be matter-of-fact.
13) 3) text: William looks away, he takes quick breaths, he looks back but the bodies are still there.
15) 0) text: On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is  preparing them. Cloths around the lower jaw and top of th head bind their mouths shut; pennies cover their eyes. Softly, William enters the shed, drawn to his father and  brother. Campbell follows him in, wanting to stop him -- what can he say now? The undertaker goes on with his work William approaches the table; the bodies don't look real him. He sees the wounds. The dried blood. The undertake pours water from a bowl and scrubs off the  blood. But the wounds remain.
16) 0) text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. W INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,  standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with rop into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shak The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin. The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; b no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy. Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his  youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a  beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to h own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths o death and might suck her parents in too.
16) 2) text: With the final Amen, the neighbors drift from the gravesi pulling their Children along, to give William a last mome of private grief before the grave diggers cover the bodie The boy stands alone over the open graves, his heart so  shattered that he can scarcely cry; a single tear makes i way down his face. And the tiny girl feels for William in way that the adults cannot. From the ground she pulls a  Scottish thistle, moves to the softly weeping William and places the beautiful wild blossom in his hand. William looks up and their young eyes meet; her sad blue  eyes hold William's as the grave diggers cover the bodies Then a lone, mounted figure appears at the crest of the h above them. Tall, thin and angular, in black clerical gar he looks like the grim reaper. The girl hurries back to her mother's side; everyone watc in silence as the figure rides down to them. He is ARGYLE WALLACE. He looks like a human buzzard, his face craggy,  permanently furious.
16) 4) text: Argyle glowers at the man, dismounts, and glares at Willi William stares up at this frightening figure. They are  interrupted by the ominous sound of approaching horses; a dozen mounted English soldiers, armed with lances, are  approaching. Argyle rattles to the priest...
17) 0) text: William and Argyle are sitting at the table, eating. Argy has laid out a proper meal, with exact place settings.
17) 4) dialog: I don't want to leave.
17) 8) dialog: It was in Latin, sir.
18) 0) text: Argyle knows nothing about tucking a boy in bed; he stand awkwardly idle as William scrubs his face at the washstan and crawls into bed.
18) 1) dialog: Good night, Uncle.
18) 2) text: Argyle grunts and starts out. Then he stops, turns back,  leans down over William... and with great tenderness the  grizzled old uncle kisses his nephew on his hair.
20) 0) text: Once again the boy stands in the doorway of the barn, loo at the garish, hanged faces in his nightmare. Then a mang hand comes from behind him and grasps his shoulder, Willi gasps, but the hand holds him gently. He turns to see his father, and his brother! They are wounded, bloody, but th smile at him; they're alive! Weeping in joy, William reac to hug them, but his father stretches forth a forbidding  hand. William keeps reaching out helplessly. His father and bro move past him to the hanged knights. Two empty nooses are there. Before the boy's weeping eyes they put their heads into the nooses, and hoist themselves up. William's grief explodes; his tears erupt and
21) 0) text: William moves down to the room where his uncle would be  sleeping. He opens the door. The bed has been slept in -- but his uncle is not there. He moves downstairs to
22) 0) text: William is barefoot and in only his nightshirt; but the s of the pipes is growing louder. He moves through the  moonlight, drawn toward -- the graveyard! He stops as he  realizes this, then forces himself on.
23) 0) text: William moves to the top of the hill where his ancestors buried, and discovers a haunting scene: two dozen men, th farmer/warriors of his neighborhood, are gathered in kilt and among them, a core of bagpipers. The pipes wail an an Scottish dirge, a tune of grief and redemption, a melody  known to us as "Amazing Grace." Uncle Argyle has heard th and walked out too; he stands at the fringes of the  torchlight, still holding the massive broadsword. He glan down, noticing William as the boy moves up beside him. Wi whispers...
23) 1) dialog: What are they doing?
23) 3) text: The farmers file by the graveside, crossing themselves, e whispering his own private prayer. Argyle whispers, half William, and half to himself...
23) 5) text: William takes the sword from his uncle, and tries to lift it. Slowly, Argyle takes the sword back.
23) 7) text: He taps William on the temple with the tip of his finger.
24) 0) text: William and his uncle ride off in a farm wagon. William h a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back. But he doe glance back just once, to see the deserted farmhouse.
29) 0) text: Flutes and dancing; laughter and garlands; village famili have gathered for a wedding celebration -- we see the hap bride and groom. Farmers cart in fresh bread and hoops of cheese; villagers arrive with casks of beer or strings of smoked fish. And watching the people are ubiquitous English soldiers,  battlescarred veterans with missing eyes and ears. Riding along the road comes William Wallace. Grown now, a man. He sits his horse as if born there, his back straigh his hands relaxed on the reins. He has a look of lean, ri power. He looks dangerous. And the soldiers notice him, nudging each other as he pas He carries a dead wild goose hanging across his saddle; h stops his horse at the edge of the clearing and surveys t scene. Farmers are roasting a pig; women are comparing  handiwork; young men are tossing huge stones in the  traditional Highland games -- and everyone is noticing  William's arrival, especially the farm women with daughte of marriageable age. Among those watching William arrive is Campbell, grown ol now; and with his old rebel friend, MacClannough. William dismounts and ties his horse to a willow. One of the Engl SOLDIERS shoves William from behind.
29) 2) text: William's eyes fix themselves on the soldier.
29) 5) dialog: I hit it in the head. With a rock.
29) 6) text: They don't believe that -- but they can't find any punctu wound on the bird. William reaches his hand out for the r of the bird. The soldiers drop it onto the ground. Slowly, William picks it up, and heads into the clearing. The farmers watch him come. Among those noticing William's arrival, but pretending no to, is MARION MacCLANNOUGH, grown now into a stunning you woman; her long auburn hair reminds us of those years lon ago; she wears it the same way, straight and full down he back. Her dress is plain, like the grass that surrounds a wildflower. She's the most beautiful girl in the village, maybe in all of Scotland, and the soldiers who hassled Wi notice her too. William reaches the food table and contributes his goose the feast. FARM WOMEN eye him; he nodes to one.
29) 7) dialog: Miz MacDougal. You look well.
29) 9) text: The daughter mentioned is missing teeth. William nods to  her. It's impossible for him to giver her a smile as brig as her hopes, and she lowers her head in disappointment. then raises her face in surprise as William takes her han and gives her a respectful bow. He moves away from the table, passing through the crowd l a stranger. Then he glances toward the knot of girls. He  sees Marion. She sees him, then looks away. Do they remem each other? He moves toward her; she is shy, her eyes  downcast, but then she raises them and looks at him. They move closer and closer together. Just as they are ab to reach each other, a huge round stone THUMPS to the ear at Williams' feet. He looks up to see one of Marion's suitors -- the broad,  muscled young man who has just tossed the stone in Willia way. Now everybody's looking to see how William will hand the challenge. He tries to move around, but the guy cuts off. Then William thinks he recognizes the big red-head.
29) 10) dialog: Hamish?
29) 13) dialog: You win.
29) 15) dialog: The test of a soldier is not in his  arm. It's here.
29) 16) text: He taps his temple. Hamish stretches out his hand, as if show William something in his palm.
29) 18) text: With a sudden movement, he slams his fist into William's  jaw, dropping him. A few men move to interfere, but Campb MacClannough, and the other farmers who are the true lead here, stop their neighbors from interrupting. Hamish stan over William, waiting for him to get up.
29) 19) dialog: A contest, then.
29) 20) text: William stands and hoists the huge stone, eighteen inches diameter. Straining with the effort, he lugs the stone to the line scratched in the rocky field. Beyond the line ar the muddy dents from previous tosses. William takes a run and heaves the stone. It flies past the other marks in th field; people are impressed. William looks at Hamish.
29) 21) dialog: I still say this is no test. A  catapult can throw a stone farther  than a man can.
29) 23) text: Hamish walks out, lifts the stone, and lugs it back to th line. He takes a run and heaves with a great groan! The s flies, passing William's mark by a couple of feet. People laugh and whistle. William nods, impressed.
29) 24) dialog: Can you do it when it matters? As it  matters in battle? Could you crush a  man with that throw?
29) 26) text: William walks to the dent made by Hamish's throw.
29) 27) dialog: Then do it. Come, do it.
29) 28) text: Hamish scowls at William, at everybody watching. He lifts the stone and carries it back to the line. William stands calmly. Hamish backs up for his run. William yawns.
29) 30) dialog: I will not.
29) 34) text: William seems completely unafraid. He leans down, picks u small smooth stone and tosses it up in the air casually. Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves! The stone flies through the air, just misses Will head, and buries itself halfway into the earth behind him William never flinches. The people cheer.
29) 36) text: Hamish is miffed; it's like William won.
29) 40) dialog: That's not the point.
29) 41) text: William turns, walks double the distance Hamish threw, an turns and hurls the rock he holds! It whistles through th air, hits Hamish in the forehead, and drops him like a sh
29) 42) dialog: That is.
29) 43) text: Everybody cheers and laughs! They surround William.
29) 45) text: William takes a tankard of ale from a farmer, walks over tosses the cold liquid into Hamish's face; he wakes, and, his eyes uncrossing, accepts William's hand, pulling him
29) 46) dialog: Good to see you again.
29) 48) text: Grinning, they embrace. MUSIC plays, the dancing begins. William walks to the knot of young ladies... but passes  Marion, and moves to the girl with the missing teeth.
29) 49) dialog: Would you honor me with a dance?
29) 52) dialog: He died in an accident, with my  brother. Their cart turned over.
29) 59) text: Even unarmed, Stewart is about to attack -- but the bride intervenes. She grabs her father and whispers to him. She moves to her husband and does the same. Holding back tear she allows herself to be pulled up behind one of the hors Marion MacClannough is looking on, sobered by her friend' courage and sickened by her fate -- and Marion is even mo unsettled as she notices that one of the soldiers, a  particularly nasty looking brute with a scarred face, is  leering at her. William Wallace sees this too. The noble and his escorts ride away, and as they do it be to rain. The celebration destroyed, the Scots gather the  food and disperse to their homes. But Wallace remains,  standing in the downpour, keeping his thoughts to himself
30) 0) text: The farmhouse looks lonely and forlorn. William stands at the open door, and gazes out at the rain; it leaks on him through his roof; he doesn't seem to notice.
31) 0) text: A thatched cottage, lit with a cozy fire, beneath the rai A hand KNOCKS on the door, and MacClannough opens it to f William, on a horse! MacClannough frowns.
31) 1) dialog: Good evening, sir. May I speak with  your daughter?
31) 3) dialog: Marion... Would you like to go for a  ride on this fine evening?
31) 5) dialog: It's good Scottish weather, Madam,  the rain is fallin' straight down.
31) 7) text: Marion has grabbed a cloak off the back of the door; she  runs out to hop up behind William, and they gallop away.
31) 9) dialog: Your father doesn't like me, does  he?
31) 11) dialog: Thank you for accepting.
31) 13) dialog: I'll invite you again, but your mother  thinks I'm crazy.
32) 0) text: They reach the door. William hops off the horse and reach up to help her down the moment she touches the ground, th look into each other's eyes... but the door is snatched o so quickly by her mother that there is not time for a kis
33) 0) text: William is re-thatching the roof of his barn, when he hea riders approaching, and looks down to see that it is  MacClannough, backed by Campbell and Hamish. Uh-oh.
33) 2) dialog: Sir, I know it was strange of me to  invite Marion to ride last night. I  assure you, I --
33) 4) dialog: What kind of meeting?
33) 6) text: William goes back to repairing his roof.
33) 8) dialog: I know who my father was. I came  back home to raise crops. And, God  willing, a family. If I can live in  peace, I will.
33) 11) text: MacClannough rides away. William sits down on the roof, a looks out at the graves of his father and brother.
34) 0) text: Outside the half-timbered house, William stands in the sh of moonlight and tosses a pebble against the wooden upper window. Marion opens the shutters and slips out onto the  vines, dropping into William's arms. Giggling, suppressing laughter, they run to the trees...
34) 3) dialog: Some nights. I have dreams. Mostly  dreams I don't want. I started riding  at night to fill up my mind so that  when I did sleep I'd dream only of  the ride and the adventure.
34) 5) dialog: No. You don't choose your dreams.  Your dreams choose you.
34) 7) dialog: I want... to marry you!
34) 9) dialog: I'm not just saying it!
34) 11) dialog: But I won't give you up to any  nobleman.
34) 13) dialog: I don't want to scare you. I want to  be yours, and you mine. Every night  like this one.
34) 15) dialog: I will be with you, like this.  Forever.
35) 0) text: Marion moves through the market. English soldiers admire as she walks. She stops, looking at white lace and cloth. William casually passes, poking a note in her basket. Sub she withdraws his note, and reads:
36) 0) text: Marion slips out of the house and runs to the trees, wher William waits with horses. She fetches a bundle she's sta in the crook of a tree, and they mount and ride off.
38) 0) text: This ancient Gaelic place of worship has been destroyed b the occupying army, and yet it looks devoutly holy this w lit only by candles and moonlight through the open roof. village PRIEST whom we saw at the wedding celebration is  waiting at the altar. Marion steps into the confessional, William moves to the altar and kneels in prayer. Marion emerges; she's changed into the wedding dress she  made from the cloth she bought. William stands and watche her float down the aisle; his whole life was worth this  moment. Together, the two lovers turn to the priest.
38) 2) text: From within his shirt, William withdraws a strip of cloth woven in his family tartan. He and Marion each lift a han to the priest, and he binds their wrists with the cloth.
38) 3) dialog: I will love you my whole life. You  and no other.
38) 8) text: The lovers kiss. As they break their embrace, a figure  carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken d of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes
38) 10) text: The piper begins to play, and the tune from his primitive chanter is wispy, ethereal, beautiful. The lovers look in each other's eyes, as the single melody of the pipes merg into a swell of music, UNDERSCORING MONTAGE William and Marion ride the path to the top of the precip where, in the shelter of the grove, they spend their  honeymoon. The MUSIC CONTINUES as, still sweaty from thei love-making, he returns her to her house just before dawn She waves from her window, as William rides away, as we
39) 0) text: It's Market Day in the village, busy with Highlanders,  merchants of all kinds, and a few special attractions lik jugglers and fortune tellers. Marion moves along a table  full of flowers and fruit... William, concealed behind ha baskets, watches her unseen, savoring the beauty of his  beloved, bathing his soul in the sight of her. Then she l up and spots him, her smile sudden and luminous, before s remembers to conceal it. He moves up beside her.
39) 1) dialog: I've missed you.
39) 3) dialog: Tonight then.
39) 6) dialog: Then when?
39) 16) text: He slams his mouth down against hers for a long, awful ti comes up clawing at her dress to rip it from her body... is hit in the face by a rock thrown at great speed! It takes a moment for the other soldiers to realize what  just happened, and in that instant William is on them. He wrenches one soldier's arm in a direction it was never me to go, breaking the elbow, separating the shoulder, and  slinging the howling soldier into his comrades. Two of the soldiers leap at William, swinging their short swords; William ducks, knocking their ale cask into their knees; William lifts the whole table where they were sitt and slams it into the faces of two more attackers.
39) 18) text: She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now  bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind Wi with a knife. William sidesteps the first thrust, snatche leg from the shattered table and crushes the man's skull.
39) 24) text: Will sees the horse that pulled the flower cart and throw Marion up onto its back. He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes. Will darts off through the crowd, as the MAGISTRATE and more o his soldiers arrive -- dozens of them! William pauses out in the central street of the village,  just long enough to be sure they've spotted him, and dart into a side lane in the opposite direction Marion went;  William weaves through the narrow streets of the medieval town, knocking over baskets, jumping carts. As the soldiers stumble after him, the Magistrate looks d at his mangled soldiers. The one with the ruptured arm is lying in agony.
39) 31) dialog: reaches the edge of the town and slips into the trees by river; the soldiers are running every which way, but they lost him. Thinking Marion's made it too, William heads de into the trees.
40) 0) text: William moves into the shelters of the trees, expecting t see Marion. He doesn't. He listens; only the rustling of wind through the treetops.
40) 1) dialog: Marion!
43) 2) text: We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his hor pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with th eyes white with fear... They stand to shoot at him with t bows; the arrows WHISH toward the lens, fly past... The arrows tear through Wallace's clothes, but don't catc his flesh. He charges on; his horse LEAPS the barrier as  Wallace simultaneously swings the broadsword -- and he's  more than an expert: the tip, at the end of a huge arc, n breaks the sound barrier and the blade bites through the  corporal's helmet, taking off the upper half of his head! The soldiers try to rally, to shoot him in the back as hi horse leaps over them. One of them has sighted William's  back... But Hamish and his father crash into them! It's a wild fight; old Campbell takes an arrow through the shoul but keeps hacking with his sword; Hamish batters down two men -- and more Scots arrive! They overwhelm the soldiers
44) 10) text: William staggers a few steps, and collapses to his knees. And then not just the Scottish farmers but the townspeopl too begin a strange, Hi-Lo chant.
44) 12) text: William's wild eyes slowly regain their focus. And there the dirt beside the well, he sees the severed cloth strip gave to Marion, now stained with her blood. He lifts it,  crushes it in his hand, as the Highlanders chant for war.
46) 9) text: The green eyes of the defiled highland bride flash fire. William takes his hand from her bow and looks at her, gri for Marion in his eyes; for the sake of that she does not release the string.
50) 0) text: William and Hamish ride, to see the damage. They find the smoking ruins, and the defiled family graves.
50) 2) text: William is struck by an awful, urgent thought...
51) 0) text: We open on Marion's grave, with the thistle-carved marker looking peaceful; but up the hill in the underbrush, Engl soldiers wait in ambush. Edgy, they perk up at the sound muffled hoofbeats -- then their eyes bug as a cloaked fig Wallace -- suddenly looms up behind them, galloping and  swirling fire! He hurls burning torches into the clustere soldiers, setting some of them on fire! MEANWHILE, HAMISH has crawled to Marion's grave and is di frantically. The new dirt parts easily and he pulls the  shrouded body out, cringing with the effort. MORE SOLDIERS rush from behind the rocks at the far side the graveyard. Wallace charges them, driving them back. H grabs the reins of Hamish's horse, hidden among trees, an gallops to him. Hamish hands the shrouded body up to William and bounds i the saddle of his own horse. They spur the horses and rid away, William clutching Marion's shrouded body to his che
52) 0) text: William dismounts, stretching the body gently on the grou Hamish dismounts too, with the spade he used to dig up th old grave. He sees the emotion on William's face.
52) 3) text: Hamish puts a hand on his friend's shoulder, then quietly leads the horses away. William starts to dig...
53) 0) text: Hamish is waiting as William comes out of the grove. Ther is nothing to say. They mount their horses and ride away, the MUSIC of William and Marion's love haunts us...
58) 0) text: The moon is high above the Scots, encamped for the night. Most everyone is sleeping, but William sits leaning again a tree, lost in lonely thoughts. Suddenly William freezes shaft of moonlight illuminates a cloaked woman standing t feet ahead of him. Something about her is familiar -- and then she pulls off the hood, revealing her auburn hair,  cascading in the moonlight... It is Marion!
58) 11) text: William clutches at Marion, but his arms can't enclose he
58) 34) text: The soldiers grip their weapons, ready to take their  prisoners. They burst into the little clearing; the dogs  find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge the snouts into the gore, yipping wildly. The handlers must f furiously to tear the dogs from the body. Lord Pickering approaches the body and looks down. It is  Faudron, mangled now but clearly identifiable -- with the scarf he gave William, in place of William's own, tucked  into his shirt.
61) 39) text: BAGPIPERS play, pulling the mob back into companies. But  through the lifting mists they see the overwhelming enemy army. Hamish, Campbell and Stephen move up beside William
63) 0) text: William kneels before one of Scotland's ancient elders, w lifts a silver sword and dubs William's shoulders.
63) 2) text: William rises and faces the Great Hall, crowded with hund of new admirers, as well as his old friends in their new  clothes and armor. The crowd chants --
64) 21) dialog: We have beaten the English! But  they'll come back, because you won't  stand together. There is one clan in  this country -- Scotsmen. One class --  free. One price -- courage.
68) 5) text: Servants pull back the sides of the tent door, and a tall slender, shapely female figure appears there. There in th shadows, she looks just like Marion! William is not the o one who notices the resemblance; he glances at Hamish and Campbell and sees them haunted by it too. Is this another dream? He pales, as she steps into the morning sun. She m toward him, her face lowered. It is Marion! She reaches him, lifts her face... and he sees the Prince William is relieved -- and yet as he sees the Princess mo closely he is still shaken by the resemblance in the way carries herself, her shape, the fall of her hair. The Princess is struck with Wallace, too -- tall, powerfu and commanding. Wallace dismounts, and moves to face her. Their eyes hang on each other. She sees something that sh has not seen in the face of a man in her whole life. She surprises him by bending at the knee, in a half-submi yet proud curtsey.
68) 29) text: He reluctantly obeys. Seeing that she wants the exchange be private, Wallace turns and nods for his men to leave. Stephen, who has been admiring the lady's beauty non-stop leans in and whispers to William...
72) 0) text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Br Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and St have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked positio and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behi the armor. William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the a and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no d what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
74) 12) dialog: Their families are starving, they'll  feed them however they can. If you  don't want to fight them --
74) 39) text: The Scots pull up spears and hastily form another schiltr The spears bristle out, ready... the English horsemen thu in. But before the spears impale the horses, another flig of crossbow bolts cuts down half the Scots still fighting Hamish reaches the rear of the battle and lowers the limp body of his father to the Scottish monks who are attendin to the wounded and giving absolution to the dying... Still Wallace fights back, meeting the English charge. Th Scots hold their own. An English knight tries to ride ove William; he knocks the lance aside, and tough the horse s into him, William also unseats the rider. The rider rolls to his feet. William struggles up to meet him -- and comes face to face with Robert the Bruce. The shock and recognition stun Wallace; in that moment,  looking at Robert the Bruce's guilt-ridden face, he  understands everything: the betrayal, the hopelessness of Scotland. As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it. Bruce is horrified at the sight of Wallace this way. He  batters at Wallace's sword, as if its use would give him  absolution.
74) 43) text: All around, the battle has decayed; the Scots are being  slaughtered. Another bolt glances off Wallace's helmet; a third rips into his thigh plate, making his legs collapse Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's hor He hits Robert from behind, knocking him down, and jumps the ground to try and lift William onto the horse! Robert sees a knot of crossbowmen moving up, sighting out Wallace, taking careful aim! Bruce leaps up and helps Ste sling Wallace onto the back of the horse, even covers him with his shield, deflecting another bolt fired at Wallace as Stephen mounts too. As the horse plunges away into the smoke, Robert falls to the water. His own troops reach him, realize who he is, s the horrible expression on his face, and race on after th Scots. Robert is left alone, on his knees in the water, the fire and noise of battle now dim to him, as if his senses have died along with his heart.
76) 0) text: Wallace, still bloody and in his battered armor, removes chain of office from beneath his breastplate, lays it ont the table in front of Craig and the other nobles, and wal from the room. Hamish and Stephen see the satisfaction on the nobles' face, and follow William out.
91) 0) text: The Princess sees the burning off in the distance, like a bonfire. She stands on the wall, looking out at it. And t she sees, on a hillside, silhouetted against the night an the fire, a rider, just sitting there on his horse, looki at the castle. She runs into the castle, up the stairs, a stands on the pinnacle of the castle, so that she too is  silhouetted, and he can see her. The lone rider is William Wallace.
91) 6) dialog: I am much diminished since we met.
91) 9) dialog: No. Stop. I didn't come here for  that.
97) 0) text: William, Hamish, and Stephen are on their horses, looking down at the road leading into the city. Wallace hands his dagger to Stephen, and unbuckles his broadsword and gives to Hamish.
110) 12) text: The chant builds to a frenzy; it shakes the earth. The  Scottish nobles can scarcely believe it; the English are  shocked even more. Robert the Bruce, king of Scotland, sp his horse into full gallop toward the English, and the  Highlanders hurl their bodies down the hill, ready to run through hell itself. In SLOW MOTION we see their faces... And OVER THIS, we hear the voice of William Wallace...