1) 0) text: Neff is walking towards elevator. Night watchman looks af him, relocks door, follows to elevator. Neff enters eleva
1) 6) text: Night watchman pulls lever, doors close and elevator rise
1) 11) text: Night watchman looks around at him, turns away again and elevator stops.
1) 13) text: The door opens. Across a small dark reception room a pair frosted glass doors are lettered: PACIFIC ALL-RISK INSURA COMPANY - FOUNDED 1906 - MAIN OFFICE. There is a little l beyond the glass doors. Neff straightens up and walks heavily out of the elevator across reception room to doors. He pushes them open. The  night watchman stares after him morosely, works lever,  elevator doors start to close.
6) 0) text: Anderson, a salesman, sits at one of the desks, filling o a report. Neff enters, goes to his own desk. He looks dow at some mail. On top there is a typewritten note. He read it, sits down and leafs through his desk calendar.
20) 18) text: He breaks off as a short, squatty woman, pushing a child a walker, comes into sight and approaches. She stops besi Neff, who is pretending to read a label on a can. Phyllis puts a few cakes of soap into her basket.
29) 26) dialog: (In a subdued voice) You handle the redcap and the  conductor.
29) 28) dialog: Keep them away from me as much as  you can. I don't want to be helped.
29) 30) text: B-49 PHYLLIS &amp; THE MAN, WALKING DOWN PLATFORM, CAMERA
29) 43) text: Phyllis hands the overcoat to the redcap, who leads her a Neff towards car number nine. Neff still hangs back and k his head down, the way a man using crutches might natural do.
30) 0) text: The pullman conductor and porter stand at the steps. The  conductor is checking the tickets of passengers getting o The redcap leads Phyllis and Neff into the SHOT. The cond and porter see Neff on his crutches and move to help him.
32) 0) text: Most of the berths are made up. As Neff hobbles along, an porter and some passengers make way for the crippled man  solicitously.
33) 3) text: Neff looks around. He sees a man sitting in the corner sm a hand-rolled cigarette. He is about fifty-five years old with white hair, and a broad-brimmed Stetson hat. He look like a small town lawyer or maybe a mining man. Neff does not like the man's presence there very much. He turns to just enough to answer.
33) 5) dialog: You going far?
33) 7) dialog: My name's Jackson. I'm going all the  way to Medford. Medford, Oregon. Had  a broken arm myself once.
33) 28) text: Neff points back towards the tracks. He reaches into the and begins to drag out the body by the armpits. Phyllis c reaches past him and takes the hat off the dead man's hea She turns to go.
36) 0) text: A secretary sitting behind a desk. As Keyes and Neff ente the door to Norton's private office is opened. From insid Mr. Norton is letting out three legal looking gentlemen.  Norton is about forty-five, very well groomed, rather pom in manner.
37) 52) text: Keyes sits quietly in his chair with his legs crossed. He has hung his hat on his foot and thrust his thumbs in the armholes of his vest. He looks a little bored. Neff, behi him, stands leaning against the false mantel, completely  dead-pan.
45) 0) text: Neff comes out of the house. He closes the front door wit his right hand. His left arm hangs limp. He takes a few s down the walk, then suddenly hears somebody approaching. moves behind the palm tree near the walk. A man comes up the steps towards the front door -- Zachet Just as he reaches the door, Neff calls to him.
45) 25) text: Suddenly he stops his dictation with an instinctive feeli that he is not alone in the room. As he turns in his chair the CAMERA PULLS BACK slowly. Th office door is wide open. Keyes is standing a few steps i it. Behind him, on the balcony outside, stands the night  watchman and the colored janitor, peering curiously into room over Keyes' shoulder. Slowly, and without taking his eyes off Neff's face, Keye reaches back and pushes the door shut. Neff hangs up the dictaphone horn. He looks at Keyes with faint, tired grin and speaks very slowly.
45) 64) text: Neff manages a faint smile.
46) 7) text: The guard withdraws and closes the door by which he enter The witnesses slowly start to file out. A guard has opene the outer door. The witnesses put their hats on as they p through. A few go close to the windows of the gas chamber look in at the dead man before they leave. All the witnesses have now left, except Keyes, who stands shocked and tragic, beyond the door. The guard goes to hi and touches his arm, indicating to him that he must leave Keyes glances for the last time towards the gas chamber a slowly moves to go out.