2) 0) text: Lit by paraffin lamps, it takes Schofield a moment for hi eyes to adjust to the half-light. He and Blake hand their rifles to the ORDERLIES, salute, and stand at attention. There is a simmering sense of unease in this place. In the centre of the room, there are two tables. On one t lie several maps, on the other are a number of large aeri reconnaissance photographs. GENERAL ERINMORE (50s), LIEUTENANT GORDON (40s) and a CAP are gathered around the far table, looking down at the aerials, talking in hushed tones. Other men watch from the shadows - TWO NCOs and ANOTHER ORDERLY.
3) 75) dialog: What is it? (CONTINUED )
3) 79) dialog: Are you our relief? Schofield shakes his head.
3) 81) dialog: Then when the fucking hell are they due?
3) 83) dialog: That is the German front line.
3) 85) dialog: (as he reads) Settle a bet, what day is it?
3) 87) dialog: Friday. Well, well, well. None of us was right. This idiot thought it was Tuesday. (off the letter) Are they out of their fucking minds? (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
3) 90) dialog: One slow night, and the brass think the Hun have just gone home.
3) 92) dialog: We lost an officer and three men two nights ago. They were shot to bits patching up wire. We dragged two of them back here. Needn’t have bothered. Blake is determined to press on.
3) 94) dialog: Shut up. We’ve fought and died over every inch of this fucking place, now they suddenly give us miles? Schofield turns and stares at Blake. Blake won’t meet his eye.
3) 95) dialog: It’s a trap. Leslie leans in to Schofield.
3) 96) dialog: But, chin up. There’s a medal in it for sure. Nothing like a scrap of ribbon to cheer up a widow. Schofield stares at him like he would lift him out of his boots with one punch.
3) 97) dialog: Alright. Leslie walks out of the dugout. As he walks- (CONTINUED )
3) 101) dialog: Our wire’s a mess. But there is a path through. Of sorts. He leads them a few paces to a small dead-end lookout tre half earth, half corrugated steel. At the end of it isa rudimentary periscope.
3) 102) dialog: (to the soldier) Rushworth! Let him look. The soldier manning it steps away to allow them to look. Blake presses his eye to the lens.
3) 103) dialog: Straight ahead, to the left, past the dead horses- Blake squints, moves the periscope. While Blake does this Leslie lights a cigarette, his hands shaking.
3) 104) dialog: There’s a gap directly behind them. Useful, because if it’s dark you follow the stench. When you get to the second wire, look out for the bowing chap. There’s small break just beside him. As Blake scans the terrain with the periscope, Schofield methodically prepares himself.
3) 105) dialog: The German line is a hundred and fifty odd yards after that. Watch out for the craters. They’re deeper than they look. You fall in, there’s no getting out. Leslie indicates for them to follow.
3) 106) dialog: This way. Leslie kicks at a sleeping PRIVATE KILGOUR as he walks. (CONTINUED )
3) 109) dialog: Wake up, Kilgour. (to himself) Bloody waste of space.
3) 111) dialog: No. The sap trench was blown to hell weeks ago. It’s full of bodies anyway. Your best bet is to pop over here. Blake and Schofield stop by the ladder, ready themselves, checking and loading their rifles, fixing their bayonets
3) 112) dialog: If you do get shot, try to make it back to the wire. We won’t come after you, not until it’s dark. And, if by some fucking miracle you do make it, send up a flare.
3) 114) dialog: Well get him one, Kilgour! Make yourself useful.
3) 116) dialog: (sprinkling whisky on the men) “Through this holy unction may the Lord pardon thee whatever sins or faults thou hast committed” Leslie laughs mirthlessly. Schofield and Blake try to sta focused. Kilgour hands Leslie a flare pistol and two cartridges. (CONTINUED )
3) 119) dialog: I do hate losing these to the Hun. So when they start shooting at you, could you be so kind as to throw it back, there’s a good chap. Blake tucks the flare and cartridges into his pack.
3) 120) dialog: Cheerio. Leslie steps back. A crowd of MEN have now gathered behin him to watch Blake and Schofield, their faces a combinati of shock and fascination. Blake and Schofield climb onto the firing step. Schofield looks at Blake, speaks quietly to him.
54) 0) text: The sounds of the wounded and the dying as they pass. The German guns have stopped for now. A brief pause. Schofield walks along the line. The B, C and D Companies are gathered, pulling in the survivors, carrying dying and wounded men along the trenc Lifting them by hand where they have no stretchers. Schofield continues along. Searching for officers, for Lieutenant Blake. No one looks at him. No one sees him. H slips past them, a ghost.
56) 5) dialog: Now come on boys. He’s taken one in the leg. He’s lost a lot of blood. Schofield turns to see an Officer. He is following a stretcher bearer into the field station from the opposite direction. Schofield stares at the man’s back. The sound of his voic Just an instinct...