2) 0) text: Lit by paraffin lamps, it takes Schofield a moment for hi eyes to adjust to the half-light. He and Blake hand their rifles to the ORDERLIES, salute, and stand at attention. There is a simmering sense of unease in this place. In the centre of the room, there are two tables. On one t lie several maps, on the other are a number of large aeri reconnaissance photographs. GENERAL ERINMORE (50s), LIEUTENANT GORDON (40s) and a CAP are gathered around the far table, looking down at the aerials, talking in hushed tones. Other men watch from the shadows - TWO NCOs and ANOTHER ORDERLY.
2) 32) dialog: Supplies, Gentlemen. (CONTINUED )
2) 35) dialog: Map, torches, grenades, and a couple of little treats. They look. A folded map, two electric torches, two grenad and two small packs of Huntley and Palmer biscuits lie on table. They take them and start hastily putting them into their webbing. While they do:
2) 36) dialog: Leave immediately, take this trench west, up on Sauchiehall Street, then north west on Paradise Alley at the front. Continue along the front line until you find the Yorks. Gordon slides a note into Blake’s top pocket.
2) 37) dialog: Give this note to Major Stevenson. He’s holding the line at the shortest span of No Man’s Land. You'll cross there. Both men turn at the mention of No Man’s Land.
2) 45) dialog: Yes, Sir. I would. The General looks at them levelly.
54) 0) text: The sounds of the wounded and the dying as they pass. The German guns have stopped for now. A brief pause. Schofield walks along the line. The B, C and D Companies are gathered, pulling in the survivors, carrying dying and wounded men along the trenc Lifting them by hand where they have no stretchers. Schofield continues along. Searching for officers, for Lieutenant Blake. No one looks at him. No one sees him. H slips past them, a ghost.
56) 5) dialog: Now come on boys. He’s taken one in the leg. He’s lost a lot of blood. Schofield turns to see an Officer. He is following a stretcher bearer into the field station from the opposite direction. Schofield stares at the man’s back. The sound of his voic Just an instinct...