2) 0) text: Lit by paraffin lamps, it takes Schofield a moment for hi eyes to adjust to the half-light. He and Blake hand their rifles to the ORDERLIES, salute, and stand at attention. There is a simmering sense of unease in this place. In the centre of the room, there are two tables. On one t lie several maps, on the other are a number of large aeri reconnaissance photographs. GENERAL ERINMORE (50s), LIEUTENANT GORDON (40s) and a CAP are gathered around the far table, looking down at the aerials, talking in hushed tones. Other men watch from the shadows - TWO NCOs and ANOTHER ORDERLY.
48) 1) dialog: B Company, stand to! Now listen, and listen well! Schofield spots the commanding voice, pushes through towa the Lieutenant-
48) 2) dialog: On the first mark, A Company will advance! B Company will then move to the front line!
48) 4) dialog: Who the fuck are you?
48) 6) dialog: Balls, man. We’re about to go over. We’ve got them on the run.
48) 8) dialog: Get out of the way, Corporal - (CONTINUED )
48) 12) dialog: (furious) Jesus Christ, man! Go and see the Captain! Hutton shoves him away. Schofield staggers on, pushing ou the holding area. As he goes, we hear Hutton bellowing to men-
48) 13) dialog: Now I want us up there quickly, you understand? Do you understand! Hutton’s men respond: ‘Yes, Sir!’ etc. Schofield rushes through them and into -
54) 0) text: The sounds of the wounded and the dying as they pass. The German guns have stopped for now. A brief pause. Schofield walks along the line. The B, C and D Companies are gathered, pulling in the survivors, carrying dying and wounded men along the trenc Lifting them by hand where they have no stretchers. Schofield continues along. Searching for officers, for Lieutenant Blake. No one looks at him. No one sees him. H slips past them, a ghost.
56) 5) dialog: Now come on boys. He’s taken one in the leg. He’s lost a lot of blood. Schofield turns to see an Officer. He is following a stretcher bearer into the field station from the opposite direction. Schofield stares at the man’s back. The sound of his voic Just an instinct...