13) 0) text: He is still for a moment on the threshold, breath held, listening for any sounds of life in the house. The silence burns. Schofield enters. The only sounds now are the floor board creaking under his boots. This place has been trashed by the soldiers who were here Schofield turns right into -
22) 0) text: A small convoy of four trucks idle on the road, all caked mud and battered from their journey. Soldiers mill, smoki pissing, stretching their legs. (CONTINUED )
25) 0) text: Schofield takes the arm of the soldier helping men up and pulled inside. The convoy moves off. Rattling over the land. Around Schofield the men are quiet, their eyes on him. (CONTINUED )
28) 0) text: No movement on the ground floor. The staircase is ahead of him. His ears burn listening fo any sounds, any hint of movement. He holds his breath, the wood creaks under him as he back against the wall, rifle pointing to the top of the stairc Staying low and against the wall he moves upwards. Parts the upstairs come into view - He can now see the door to the upper room. Slowly, he moves along the short corridor. With his foot, Schofield pushes at the door. It swings open, agonisingly slowly, creaking on its hinges. Revealing- A GERMAN SOLDIER, slumped against the far wall, wounded - with his gun raised. A split second to react, Schofield raises his rifle and
33) 0) text: Schofield stops under the columns. The destruction here i staggering - Colonnades run around most of the square, massive section it are pitted with gaps. Whole buildings are gone, like missing teeth - blackness yawns in them. Entire storeys h fallen away, revealing empty rooms. At the centre of the square, the remains of a fountain. In the far corner of the square the Church is on fire. Th firelight reflects off the wet cobblestones and puddles. Schofield stares at it. Awed. Then he spots something- In front of the bright flames: A MAN’S SILHOUETTE. Schofield sees him. The Man stops, lowers his weapon. Sta to walk towards him. Schofield cannot make out if he is a German or British soldier and begins to move towards him. Suddenly the Man lifts his gun and starts to run, heading straight towards Schofield. It’s A GERMAN SOLDIER. Schofield responds quickly. He takes off running, heading through the colonnade. The Soldier raises hie rifles and fires after him. Schofield doesn’t stop, heading out of the square and int 81.
34) 0) text: He can hear the shouts of the Soldier coming after him. Schofield runs full tilt. He turns a corner. Ahead, to hi left, at about knee height, is a low cellar window. He heads towards it, grabs at it. It’s locked. He can hear the footsteps of the soldier getting closer. Beside the window is a coal chute. In a flash, Schofield on his hands and knees through the dark opening, scrambli into -
37) 0) text: Schofield stays in the shadows, and begins to work his wa along the street in the direction Lauri pointed him. The town is silent. He looks up at the sky to see if the is rising. No light. He reaches a crossroads - small alleyways branch off. He looks around. Lost. He turns to his right - a wide alleyw He moves along it, quickly, quietly. BANG - ahead of him a door flies open, warm light spills onto the street, followed by a German soldier. PRIVATE MULLER, 30s, blind drunk. Muller stumbles a few steps and then vomits. Moaning and muttering to himself. Schofield ducks into the darkness of a doorway. Muller moans and pukes again. Schofield backs inside the doorway and into-
40) 0) text: Schofield sprints, looking over his shoulder. He turns... and fifty yards in front him - Another German Soldier. The same man who chased him acros the square. The soldier breaks into a run, reaches for hi rifle. The soldier shoots, but Schofield breaks left across the street and into -
46) 4) dialog: I’m going there to see my Father, And all my loved ones who’ve gone on. Schofield stops on the edge of the clearing. Unsettled by world before him. Unsure if these men are living or dead. If he is one of these ghosts. He leans against a tree and slumps down on the outskirts the group. The music washes over him. Dawn is breaking. He closes his eyes. Done.
46) 5) dialog: I’m only going over Jordan I’m only going over home. The song finishes. A smattering of applause.
47) 0) text: Schofield begins to run along the comms trench, stumbling weaving in and out of the advancing line of soldiers.