1) 0) text: cc BLOOM, at forty-one, has the figure of a thirty-year~ ola, and a wild explosion of red hair surrounds her arres ing face like @& lion's mane. She is dressed in a perfect black evening gown and is spotlit standing in the center of an otherwise empty stage, taking bows to a standing ovation from an opening night CROWD. She exhudes a brash, outrageous and completely engaging charm. ec (into microphone) Thank you! Thank you: As the applause continues, she loses her composure and starts pacing the stage with excitement, a brilliant smil on her face. , ec You people are too much: You make being alive worth the excercise: (applause con- tinues) If you calm down, I'll do one more song, but that's it! I'm getting old: I'll be thirty on my next birthday: Laughter, then a silence 80 profound you could hear a pin drop. CC nods at the CONDUCTOR, then we hear the in- troduction to "SOMEONE TO WATCH OVER ME." CC sings the so in a pure, rich voice, her phrasing original and moving. . 2. When the song ends, she leaves the stage to & standing ovation.
2) 0) text: PEOPLE close in on CC to congratulate her. As she moves slowly through the crowd the STAGE MANAGER pushes his way to her and hands her a piece of paper.
4) 11) text: A cigar from Mr. Melman?: Why?: ‘HILLARY Why else? To calm her nerves. CC stares at her, then slides along the wall to the floor puts her face in her hands and breaks into soft, broken laughter. Leona watches her anxiously, then:
5) 0) text: The machine takes several snaps of CC and Hillary in vari poses, CC still in make-up and costume.
6) 0) text: Two years older, dressed in black and looking as if she 14. has been crying, Hillary stands next to the closed street door, reading a letter. As she reads, we hear: ce (v.0.) Leona won't let me go to Julliard, so I have to keep taking dancing lessors from Miss Jean Kayton, the freaky fat vaudeville star. Her studio's in the cellar, which means you only graduate when you're tall enough to hit your hea on the ceiling. What's a genius like me doing in a place like this?; By the way, I'm sorry your mother's sick. Is she better? At that moment, the door to the street is abruptly pulled open. A handsome man in his forties, also dressed in blac and looking shattered, stands under an umbrella on the st At the curb, we see a coffin being slipped into the back a hearse, which is surrounded by a group of MOURNERS unde umbrellas. Hillary stares at the vision with a stunned frightened face, then care fully folds CC‘s letter and pu it into her pocket, takes her father's hand and walks out into the rain. ,
7) 0) text: It is decorated for a dance and packed with teenagers dan ing a slow dance to recorded rock and roll. Locking un- happy, CC stands with a group of unattractive girls at th pase of the stage near the refreshments table. Her clothe are too tight fa her voluptuous body so make her look fat her curly hair is crushed to her head with clips and her make-up is designed to exaggerate her worst features. She clearly has no idea of what she looks like but sus~ pects it is not good. As she reads a letter, we hear:
9) 0) text: The place is decorated for Christmas and packed with SHOP A special display features an excercise bed ~- a double b mattress which vibrates and undulates simultaneously. CC, wearing a negligee and writing a letter, is strapped the mattress, oblivious to the stares of the buying publi Gone is the insecure teenager and in her place is a strik woman with a lush body and a great mane of blinding red h CC the adult knows what she looks like and makes the most it. ce (v.0.) Forgive the writing 16. cc (cont'd.) (v.0.) but I'm trying to do it while making a special guest appearance at Macy.'s. I was just about to committ suicide by taking an overdose of vitamin A when your letter arrived telling me I am a genius and not to lose heart. I de- cided to live even though I have not had a single performing job in eight months, I have been turned down by every agent in «town, I‘m broke and desperately lonely during this festive season. Lucky you.
10) 0) text: CLOSE ON A DISCARDED TIMETABLE as many feet walk over it. The date is February 11, 1972 cc (v.0.) ' Tucked safely in the bosom of your family. As a very expensive pair of woman's boots walk over it. CAMERA MOVES UP AND BACK AND FOLLOWS HILLARY as she makes her way with the crowd toward the main terminal building. She is struggling with a few pieces of expensive luggage and has a crumpled Boston Globe jammed under her arm. She is @ressed in conservative but stylish clothes - man's cashmere coat, wool challis skirt, silk shirt, etc.
12) 0) text: Wearing a skin-tight thirties evening gown, a huge fake e mine boa and lots of rhinestone jewelry, CC sings GOOD MO ING HEARTACHE to an indifferent crowd, accompanied on the piano. At one table a drunken couple talk and laugh loudl at ancther a woman sobs next to a man who sits with his f in his hands, at the bar businessmen are hustled by hooke etc. Although CC has a. desparate lock on her face, she sings honestly and from the heart to her dismal audience. When the song ends, she waits expectantly but nothing hap She smiles slightly and bows. cc Thank you, thank you: You're too, too kind!
13) 0) text: The mom is more like a dirty, little broom closet than an office and a gay man of forty, HARRY, with a tired, ru face is counting money into a strong-box when CC walks in ec (bright, strained) So, Harry, did you catch that set? Those people are crazy about me: (no response) They're so crazy about me they're spending money hand over fist: (no response; sweet) So I was wondering, Harry, could you lend me fifty bucks until payday? 18.
14) 0) text: It is packed with scurilous-locking WOMEN ~ hookers, thieves, fight victims, etc. In one corner, a GROUP of antiewar types huddle anxiously together. While she talks, Hillary walks amongst the unwashed handing out leaflets featuring her smiling face beneath a headline reading “VOTE DEMOCRATIC = HILLARY WHITNEY FOR CITY COUNC 16TH DISTRICT.” Hillary's conservative clothes are gone and she is now dressed in army surplus fatigues, leyers o sweaters and scarves, etc. In spite of it all, she still 24. looks as if she belongs on the mver of Vogue. The down- trodden accept the leaflets with docile, blank faces.
15) 0) text: Hillary is behind the wheel and driving like a maniac, leaning on the horn, practically going up on curbs to pas people, etc. We see campaign posters and leaflets coverin the back seat, CC is in the passenger seat, gripping the dashboard, dressed in a rabbit costume complete with rubb muzzle, teeth and plastic whiskers.
16) 0) text: CC walks past a couple of doors in the dark, seedy corri- dor, the muzzle sitting on her head, checking apartment numbers. She stops in front of a door and rings the bell, then slips the muzzle on her face. Inside we hear a coupl of crashes, a number of locks being undone and the door i finally pulled open by JOHN CHASE, an extremely attractiv intense-looking man in his early thirties who looks as if he just woke up from a sound sleep after a very late nigh He is barefoot and wearing hastily pulled on jeans and t- shirt. She smiles brightly. cc Good morning: TI have a birthday message for you from your darling bunny girl Barbara: .
16) 22) text: My loss. 31. ce (sudden, shrill) Isn't it time to get moving, dear?! Hillary quickly glances at her, ther looks back at John as she starts edging out the door after CC,
17) 0) text: As CC and Hillary descend the stairs, Hillary glances at her with excitement. HILLARY . He's very attractive, isn't he? ec: (sullen) I suppose, if you like the type. She flops into the car and pulls the door shut.
19) 0) text: Sunlight streams through dirty windows. In theix under- wear, CC and Hillary are dying their hair. CC is rinsing hers in the sink and Hillary is drying hers with a blow- dryer. ee (defensive) Well, no, it's not a big part, I only have four lines, « but each one is dense with meaning.
20) 0) text: CC sits on a broken=-down couch in the dusty room sipping coffee and reading a script. Through an open door- way leading into the main part of the theater we hear a p ano playing and see a play being rehearsed. CC suddenly slams the script shut and walks off down a hall with @ se belligerent expression.on her face.
21) 0) text: The place is empty except for CC, who is stretched out on a bench staring at the ceiling, and Hillary, who is re- moving things from a dryer and folding then. ce Tell me the truth. I mean really, really tell me the truth.
22) 0) text: A seraggly, haphazardly decorated Christmas tree with a few wrapped presents under it provides the only light. The loft has been transformed by Hillary into @ place where people live. Her sleeping area has prints on the wall, lush plants, filled bookshelves, cluttered desk over which hangs evidence of her political campaign, news paper clippings, posters, photographs, etc. CC and Hillar are in their beds, falling asleep.
22) 1) dialog: (singing softly) Away in a manger No crib for a bed the Little Lord Jesus Lay down his sweet head The stars in the sky Looking down where he lay The little lord Jesus Asleep in the hay. They both stare dreamily at the tree through half-closed eyes.
23) 0) text: The show is similar to The Rocky Horror Show - wildly mad up and costumed, CC sings the final song, a show-stopper, whieh includes the entire chorus. When the song ends, the theater ‘suddenly goes completely dark, then the houselig go up and the audience, composed primarily of downtown types and a sprinkling of critics, goes crazy. The entire company is assembled onstage, with CC at the center of th line. As the applause continues undiminished, they bow deeply, then as CC straightens up CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE O HER. The actors on eitherside of her gently prod her for- ward so she is standing alone, just in front of the line, and the applause turns into cheers and a standing ovation She suddenly breaks into a smile, her face lit with wild excitement and triumph. CC is finally on her way.
24) 0) text: A large, noisy party is underway. CLOSE ON CC. Still in costume and make-up, she is trying to appear happy in spi of the fact that she is utterly miserable. ce (stiff smile) Happy? I'm out of my mine with happiness: This is the most wonderful night of my life: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include the party and Hillary, who seems to be oblivious to CC's state.
25) 0) text: A squad car cruises along the deserted street and pulls to a halt in front of the loft. The door opens and CC stumbles out dressed in the same clothes, but now soaking wet and carrying her shoes, She has sodden confetti and streamers in her hair, which is matted and dripping, her stockings are shredded and her make-up is smeared. She is carrying her coat. ce (shrill) I don't have to sleep anything off and I'm telling you for the last time I wasn't the ring- leader: fhe slams the police car deor shut and stumbles into the oft. 42.
26) 0) text: Hillary is curled up in a chair near the window, wrapped in a blanket, drinking coffee and lost in her own, very happy thoughts as we hear a few crashes in the hallway. The locks on the door are thrown and CC walks in. Hillary sits up in shock.
27) 0) text: CC is getting out of her wet clothes and into a robe when Hillary walks in.
28) 0) text: Wearing a robe and dark glasses, CC waters Hillary's lush plants.
29) 0) text: CC and John are having lunch in the crowded restaurant. ce . I'm telling you, thi are changin ¥ For ne? “Some- body asked for my autograph:
30) 0) text: Wearing a robe and dark glasses, CC waters Hillary's plan They look much less lush. She finds a couple of dead ors and tosses them into the trash.
31) 0) text: It is dimly lit. She puts down the tray, glances anxiousl at the bed where we see a shadowy figure asleep under the covers, then sinks into a chair and goes back to the lett 45. ec (v.0.) Did I tell you? There's talk of taking the show to Broadway: I can't be- lieve it: All my dreams are coming true: Hillary looks up with a sad, lost face. INT, ‘THEATER - BACKSTAGE - NIGHT We can hear the audience out front as the orchestra plays the overture. CC emerges from her cubbyhole dressing room and starts walking toward the wings. John appears behind
33) 0) text: First light filters in through the open windows along wit the occasional metallic crash from garbage being collecte A fan turns overhead and John is under a sheet, fast asle his arms around CC, who is wide awake and staring into sp She finally turns to him. cc dohn...?
34) 0) text: CC, looking ecstatic, is standing in front of a JUDGE, wearing @ thirties yachting suit and clutching a small bouquet. John, looking panicky, stands next to her dresse in a summer suit and tie. They are flanked by TWO WITNESS they dragged in off the street.
36) 0) text: CLOSE ON HILLARY'S FACE AT EXACTLY THE SAME ANGLE. She is staring up at something with a strange intensity, complet ly lost in her own thoughts. CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS BACK to take in the heavy traffic, the CROWDS and finally an enor mous billboard showing CC as her character in the show fr the East Side Theater, which has moved to Broadway, It is SRO. People shove past her, knocking her about a bit, but she is oblivious to everything but the billboard and her thoughts. She is dressed very conservatively. Her husband, MICHAEL HAMILTON, a handsome man in his early thirties, also very conservatively dressed, is standing next to a taxi with the door open.
38) 0) text: The place has clearly been put together by a decorator and although tasteful it has a sterile quality to it. Everything is overdone, expensive and new. Wearing a very trendy designer outfit, CC is attempting to beat bac a violently lunging, very large, great dane puppy with a newspaper as she, Michael and Hillary edge their way towa the living room.
39) 0) text: CC spins around with a brilliant smile on her face. 49. cc Welcome a chez nous: Michael has walked over to the windows ‘overlooking the park as he takes off his coat.
41) 0) text: cc and Hillary walk through the ground floor of the crowd ed department store glancing at things as they talk. ec (using lip- stick tester) This is a great color on me, isn't it? Hillary is checking nail polish colors.
44) 0) text: The light is almost gone. They sit on the couch looking cut the windows at the park, the dog stretched out asleep on their laps. John has his arms around CC and it is ob- vious she has been crying for a long time. Pause, then: ec (sudden) If she hadn't gone back to Boston, would you have ended up with her instead of me?
46) 7) text: On screen, a few depressed-looking PEOPLE sit at tables in a seedy nightclub as a ruined-looking EMCEE with very large, white caps introduces the next act. There is a dru roll, the curtains part and CC emerges to applause and wh tles from a larger audience we cannot see. As she goes in a routine which is a witty take-off on her days as a cabaret singer at the Dew Drop Inn, CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS B and we realize we are in Hillary's bedroom. She is sittin on the floor in front of the t.v. watching CC with longin A moment passes, then we hear:
47) 0) text: She rushes to the t.v. and turns the sound up slightly, but CC's performance is over. As the end credits roll and applause continues, CC mills around the stage of Saturday Night Live with other members of the cast. Hillary stares at her with hungry longing, then reaches out and gentiy touches her on-screen figure with her finger tip. It vanishes and is replaced by a commercial.
52) 0) text: It is vast and dominated by a large swimming pool. It is packed with OLD PEOPLE sitting on beach chairs, fully dressed and shielded from the sun by hats and umbrellas, playing games. CC stumbles along between the tables, peer ing around as if she is looking for someone.
53) 0) text: FOUR WOMEN are sitting around a table under an umbrella playing backgammon. One of them is Leona, who is fatter and more horribly dressed than ever. CC appears behind her, stumbling along through the maze of tables. While Leona shakes the dice, the woman next to her catches sigh of cc.
53) 10) text: Leona stares at her, then turns and starts waddling back to the table, laughing softly to herself. CC goes after her. ec (disturbed) Why are you laughing, Leona?
54) 0) text: A taxi pulls up to the curb in front of CC's building and she jumps out, wearing the same clothes and accompanied 67. by Arthur. Barely keeping her grip on a small suitcase, she struggles past the DOORMAN into the building, shoutin commands at the hysterical animal which it completely ig- nores,. INT. CC AND JOHN'S APARTMENT ~- DAY © We hear a key in the leck, then the door opens and CC is pulled in by the dog. She gratefully drops the suitcase to the floor. ce (happy shout) John: I'm back: Where . are you?: There is no answer as she releases the dog from the leash She straightens up and glances around anxiously as he run off down the hall, ec (soft, scared) John..? Silence. CAMERA FOLLOWING she walks down the hall and tur into his study. Pictures have been removed from the walls and shoved clumsily into boxes, along with books, scripts ete.
55) 0) text: CC walks rapidly down the seedy street with a set, tense expression on her face, staring at the sidewalk as she goes. When she reaches the theater she hesitates, almost as if she is afraid of entering, then she runs up the ste and goes inside.
56) 0) text: The place is empty. CC walks down the hall to John's offi
57) 0) text: CC stops in the doorway. The room is empty, but a couple of open suitcases holding John's clothes sit on the couch She hears a noise in the main part of the theater.
58) 0) text: Holding a seript, John is moving some furniture around on @ set when CC bursts into the room, ce : (upset) I've been looking everywhere for you: 68. He tarns and looks at her calmly as she walks over to him
59) 0) text: Wearing a robe, CC sits in front of a mirror clutching th candy bar while a tough-looking WOMAN in late middle-age paints her face. CC looks terrible - overweight, skin pasty, eyes puffy, hair brittle, ete. ce Sure I did. They're smaller, aren't they? 71.
60) 0) text: A scene is in progress and is being watched by a silent CREW, The set is a seedy hotel room. CC sits on the bed dressed in a cheap wrapper, looking like a tart, while a MAN her age gets dressed. ee (lighting cig- arette, upset) How can you just leave, Freddie? The only thing that kept me going was wait- ing for you to come back... (jumping up, stubb- ing out cigarette) This doesn't work for me: The other actor spins around with a groan and slams his fist against the wall as the buzzer sounds, the stage ex~ _plodes with noise and the DIRECTOR, a pinched-looking ma in middle-age, walks over to her with a lethal look on hi face,
61) 0) text: It is also a mess. Hillary reaches the door, hesitates anxiously, smoothing her hair and rearranging her dread- ful housecoat, then, her back very straight and head held high, she pulls open the door. She stares in shock. CC stares back apprehensively looking even worse than she di on the movie set, wearing & voluminous sweat suit and ver dark glasses, A taxi is waiting in the street.
62) 0) text: Hillary is on a step-ladder hanging lace curtains. CC sit on.the floor putting baby clothes into a bureau, humming to herself. They work in a companionable silence. ExT. HILLARY'S BACK GARDEN ~ NIGHT
62) 1) text: Everything is blooming. Hillary is in a chair and cc is stretched out on the grass gazing up at the night sky. Pause.
63) 1) text: ann Dressed for a date, CC and Richard stroll across the common. ce I loved the restaurant: I'm just crazy about all | that early American crap:
64) 0) text: Hillary is sitting on the floor in front of the fire with newspapers looking at the door expectantly. The floor is littered with bags and boxes from a shopping spree. cc (0.8.)
64) 1) text: I can't believe how perfect this is... look: She bursts into the room dressed like the Queen Mother - pulled back under a hat, matching shoes and bag, ridiculo ly conservative suit and elbow length gloves. cc (excited) So? What do you think?
65) 0) text: It is furnished like a room in Versailles except it is a tract house in a Boston suburb. CC sits on the 83. baby blue brocade couch with Richard, dressed in another Queen Mother outfit. An ELDERLY WOMAN is at the gilt and white baby grand piano and Richard's MOTHER, a large, bos woman in her late sixties is holding out the receiver of a white and gold French telephone.
66) 0) text: Wearing her robe and still half.asleep, CC flips through a magazine, making notes on a pad, while she drinks coffe The phone is ringing. A second later, it is answered, then Hillary walks into the room.
67) 0) text: When CC reaches the telephone she hesitates anxiously, -then snatches up the receiver. ec (casual) . Hello? It's who..? (feigned surprise) Lester: How on earth did you find me? (sharp) I did not leave a hundred messages, I left two, over a month ago:
68) 0) text: The place looks like a tornedo hit it and suitcases are open on the bed. CC is packing frantically. Hillary stands in the doorway in shock.
68) 7) text: cc (cont 'd.) (low, guilty) I feel terrible about it.
70) 0) text: It is empty and dimly lit, the stage set for a performanc The door is pushed open and CC walks in. She glances arou cc Hello? Anybody here? No answer, She walks to the stage, mounts it and stands staring out at the empty seats for a moment, then there i a sound to her left and she turns. John Chase walks Slowl toward her from the wings.
71) 0) text: They walk out onto the street and pause. cc Rehearsals start Monday?
73) 0) text: As Hillary, who is in labor, is moved from her bed onto a guerney by ATTENDANTS, CC stands slightly away from her clutching a surgical gown, a look of sick terror on her face. She is now wearing designer punk clothes and has a green streak through her very red hair. |
75) 0) text: cc is fast asleep in a chair. Hillary is in bed with her new born baby, looking exhausted but blissfully happy. A moment passes, CC turns, stirs, then her eyes open. The first thing she sees is Hillary and the baby. She stares with amazement. ec (soft) It's over? Hillary looks at her and nods. CC gets up and walks over, looking at the baby with wonder and delight. ~ ce What is it?
82) 0) text: A full orchestra is backing CC up as she sings @ ballad. She is thin and vibrant-looking, at the peak of her power as a performer and a woman. She screws up a lyric, apolo- gizes to the producer and orchestra, then after a little amiable laughter, they start up again. She sings the song through to the end perfectly.
83) 0) text: A taxi pulls up, the DOORMAN opens the door and CC climbs out. As they talk, they walk to the building entrance. ec Hi, Mac. Nice night, isn't it?
84) 0) text: A large bouquet of roses sits in a vase on the telephone table. We hear a key in the lock, the door opens and CC walks in. The place is much more comfortable than when 100. she lived there with John. As she takes her coat off and drops it on a chair she walks over to the flowers and picks up the card with excitement. As she reads it the phone rings. She answers it. ec Hello? (delighted) Hillary: Just the person I was going to call? Guess what?: . (pause, irritated) Yes, I'm in love, but what do you mean is he married?: (pause, sharp) I am pot drawn to tortured affairs and yes, he's married but he doesn't Live with his wife he just takes his laundry home and what the hell's the matter with you?:
85) 0) text: Hillary is in bed under the covers. She looks very iil ang medication litters the bedside table. CC paces the room, carefully avoiding looking at Hillary. ce (frantic) Why didn't you tell me when it first happened?. I mean, it's unbelievable that you can just get some- thing like this out of the blue: {darting her a look) So what do you have to do?
86) 0) text: As Hillary, CC and Victoria, who is carrying a cat carryi case, walk to Hillary's car, which is packed to bursting point with things for the country, CC holds Hillary's arm protectively. . 103. ee (nervous) I set the alarm on your wristwatch so you know when to take your pills and... (frantic) Are you okay?:
88) 3) dialog: (voices fading) You'll never know dear how much I love you Please don't take my sunshine away... They all sink into their own thoughts.
89) 0) text: Ashen-faced and almost whimpering, CC takes a vial of medicine from the refrigerator and fills a needle. Hillary leans against the counter next to her. CC turns to Hillary with the needle and freezes with fear.” They stare at each other, then Hillary takes the needle from her and awkwardly injects herself in the arm. CC sinks into a chair and takes deep breaths, trying to keep from fainting.
91) 0) text: Wearing a nightgown, Hillary is pulling a large, card- board box down from the shelf, slightly out of breath. The room is littered with boxes, some torn open and spill ing contents. Letters and photographs litter the floor. An urgent look on her face, Hillary drops the box to the floor and rips the top open. She starts rummaging fran- tically around inside, looking for something, tossing things to the floor impatiently. A moment passes, then CC appears in the doorway, rubbing her eyes, suntanned and wearing a huge t-shirt. ce What are you doing...? It's three in the morning... Hillary darts her a haunted look as she rummages in the b
93) 0) text: Filled with wildflowers, bordered by a stream and woods and the sea visible in the distance, it is an idyllic spo Hillary and Victoria are on the blanket playing a board game.while CC unloads a picnic basket. ce Egg salad for you, Hill?
95) 0) text: Victoria sits alone, looking very young and very lost. A moment passes, then CC appears in the doorway looking ex- hausted. ec She's fine, Victoria.
96) 0) text: As CC and Victoria walk down the hall hanc in hand, Vic- toria suddenly looks at her. :
97) 0) text: Wearing sweaters, their pants rolled up, CC and Victoria are clamming. SEVERAL OTHER PEOPLE are doing the same thing a short distance away.
97) 3) dialog: (singing, dancing) Then you swing them to the left and you swing them to the right you waik around the floor kind of nice and light and then you twist around and twist around... 113. Victoria twists so violently she loses her footing and falls into the wet sand, laughing loudly. ce (singing, laughing) with all of your might... Soaked and covered with sand, Victoria quickly gets up and continues with the song and dance, happy and noisy now, completely unself-conscious.
97) 4) dialog: (singing, dancing) Spread your loving arms way out in space...
98) 0) text: Hillary sits in a chair watching CC and Victoria on the beach. Their voices drift tinnily up from the water's edge.
98) 1) dialog: . (laughing, dancing) And then you do the Eagle Rock with style and grace... Hillary suddenly gets up, goes into the house and slams the screen door behind her. CC and Victoria, silhouetted against a brilliant sunset, continue dancing happily in the sand, their voices drifting. up to the empty porch.
98) 2) dialog: (singing, dancing) You put your left foot out and bring it back and that's what I call Balling The Jack.
99) 0) text: Hillary sits in a chair by the window staring out at tne sea, her face. expressionless. There is a knock on the door, but she doesn't respond. A second later, CC walxs into the room. cc Listen, Hill, I'm sorry I blew up like that. = know how hard this is for..
100) 0) text: CC and Victoria are sitting on the steps snapping beans while they watch CC give an interview to a smarmy, over~ dressed WOMAN interviewer on a amall television which is propped in the open kitchen window. CC watches with an anxious"expression on her face. Victoria is fascinated.
103) 0) text: CC, looking exhaustec, sits stiffly in the back seat. Silence except for the rattle of the chains on the wheels and the dispatcher's voice crackling over the radio. The taxi pulls to a halt. CC doesn't move.
104) 0) text: As CC walks toward the elevators, she passes a flower sho She backtracks and goes inside. Through the window we see her pick out a bunch of long-stemmed yellow roses, pa for them, then return to the lobby. She reaches the elevator just as the doors are closing and slips through. They slam shut.
105) 0) text: CC exits the elevator and walks to the nurses’ station. There is no one around. She looks around and spots the entrance to the cardiac care unit and walks over to it. Through the glass door, clearly marked NO ADMITTANCE we can see cubicles containing beds and elaborate equipment. A few of the beds are occupied. CC hesitates, then walks in.
106) 0) text: ec . (soft, anxious) Hill..? It's me... No response. CAMERA MOVES WITH CC as she rounds the botto of the bed and comes up the other side to see Hillary's f more clearly. Hillary's eyes are closed and she looks utterly peaceful. cc Hill...? She suddenly stops and stares, then her fingers go limp 123. and the flowers slide out of her hand to the floor. ce (soft, stunned) Oh, Hill... A NURSE has walked up to the entrance to the cubicle.
107) 0) text: A tray of untouched food sits on the bedside table. Fully dressed in the clothes she wore to the cemetary, Victoria is stretched out on the bed, face down, completely cried 124. out. One arm is wrapped tightly around her cat. A moment passes and there is a knock on the door. She doesn move. A second later, the door opens and cC walks in. She looks at Victoria in silence for a moment, then walks over and sits on the edge of the bed. She reaches out and touches Victoria's coat. cc (soft) That's wet. If you don't take it off, you'll get a cold. Silence. CC looks away, at a loss, then looks back. ec Iwas just going through your mother's papers, (silence) It's amazing..I found letters I wrote to her over thirty years ago... (pause) I couldn't believe it. She saved every single one. Silence. CC takes a deep breath. ec In her will she said she wanted you to live with me. Pause, then Victoria finally turns to look at her, her eyes red and swollen from erying. CC reaches out and brushes her hair away from her face. cc (soft, kind) You don't have to do it if you don't want to. Your Aunt Vesta wants you, every body wants you. Victoria stares at her.