3) 0) text: The boardwalk is packed with PEOPLE. A very pretty, meti- culous-iooking girl of eleven, HILLARY WHITNEY, wearing a sundress and sandals walks anxiously through the crowd, scanning her surroundings with a@ panicky expression. She finally walks over to the railing and looks out over the beach with despair.
3) 2) dialog: (wiping tears) A drag..? cc (V.0.)
3) 4) dialog: (upset) I want to go back to our hotel, but I can't remem- ber the name. My mother said.. cc (cutting in, bored V.0.) Big or small?
3) 5) dialog: My mother..? cc (exasperated V.0.) The hotel.
3) 6) dialog: Big. cc (v.0.)} Ritzy or cheap?
3) 7) dialog: I guess it's...ritzy. (v.0.) . - Does it have a fountain in front, a pool inside and a bunch of fruits in monkey suits playing violins in the lobby?
3) 8) dialog: (excited) Yes: cc (v.0.) You bet your ass it's ritzy. It's the Marlboro Blenheim.
3) 9) dialog: (shrieking) That's it! Do you know where it is? ce (resigned V.0.) Yeah. I*11 walk you back if you want.
3) 10) dialog: Oh, yes, please...what's your name? cc (dramatic V.0.) What's my nacre? I am none other than tre fantastic, world-famous, cnild-wonder... An outrageous-looking litte girl of eleven leaps out of the darkness into the lisnt, still clutching the lit cig- arette. cc cc Bloom: cc has a mop of wildly curly red hair on her head and a long, skinny frame with well-developed legs. She is wearing a red=sequinned leotard, red polish on all nails and is clutching a pair of glittering red tap shoes.
3) 11) dialog: I'm Hillary Whitney. cc (annoyed) Don't you recognize me?
3) 12) dialog: No. ce I do the Mama number in the . Tony Grant Kiddie Show:
3) 13) dialog: The what...? ce Jesus Christ, kid, what plan- et do you live on? The Tony Grant Show just happens to be the most popular show in Atlan- tie City and I'm the most popular act in it: (grudging) Along with Karen Lewandowski, the hand-walking queer.
4) 2) dialog: (soft) Who is that woman...? cc What woman? Hillary nods over her shoulder toward Leona, who is havin a hard time keeping up because of her weight. ec That's no woman, that's my mother. Hillary looks away, completely shocked.
4) 10) dialog: cc: I brought you a cigar from Mr. Melman:
4) 11) text: A cigar from Mr. Melman?: Why?: ‘HILLARY Why else? To calm her nerves. CC stares at her, then slides along the wall to the floor puts her face in her hands and breaks into soft, broken laughter. Leona watches her anxiously, then:
5) 0) text: The machine takes several snaps of CC and Hillary in vari poses, CC still in make-up and costume.
5) 2) dialog: You take these and I'll take those. ec You're taking the best ones:
5) 3) dialog: (traaing) I am not, bet you can have them: (sudden, inspired) You know what you need? A theme song: Like Dinah Shore. (sangiag) See the U.S.A. in your chevrolet America is as<ing you to call. (throwing kiss) ce I don't want to sing about a car. 10. ec (cont'd.) (dreamy) Give me a Gershwin tune.
5) 4) dialog: What's that about? A bike? They have reached the top of the steps and CC freezes. Th elegant mezzanine restaurant is packed with well-heeled PEOPLE having tea and the tables are attended by uniforne WAITERS. ce (anxious) What're we doing here?: Hillary clamly starts walking toward a free table.
5) 5) dialog: I want to buy you a soda for walking me back. CC hesitates, then goes after her, glancing around nervou ly at the people she passes, who are staring at her with shocked disapproval. ec There's soda on the board- walk:
5) 6) dialog: It's better here. ec But people are looking at me:
5) 7) dialog: So what? Hillary sits down. cc So they'll probably kick me out of a place like this:
5) 8) dialog: They can't. cC stares at her, then just as she is about to sit:
5) 10) dialog: Yes, we can, My name's Hillary Whitney, I'm staying here with my parents and I want a chocolate soda. What do you want, CC? CC hesitates, staring anxiously at the waiter, then: ce (quick) The same. The waiter looks at CC with distaste, glares back at Hillary, who stares back firmly, then with an angry sniff suddenly lifts his pad, writes in it, turns on his heel and walks off. CC quickly sits down, impressed. cc How'd you do that?
5) 11) dialog: (dismissive shrug) Easy. My father's rich. (excited) Promise when you go home you'll write to me in Boston? ce (puzzled) Sure,.but how come you want to write to me so much?
5) 12) dialog: Are you crazy?: You just happen to be the most fantastic person I ever met in my entire life: cc I am..?
5) 13) dialog: O£ course you are! ‘You smoke, you wear make-up, you even curse in front of your mother: ce (delighted) Well, now that you put it that way, I guess I am pretty amazing.
5) 14) dialog: When you started singing... 12. HILLARY (cont'd.) ‘(singing loudly, raunchy voice, hold=- ; ing imaginery breasts) You gotta see Mama every night or you can't see Mama at all. You gotta treat Mama...
5) 18) dialog: But CC and I are having a soda. CC, who has been staring at Hillary's mother as if she is a@ goddess, comes around and stands up awkwardly. ce Hey, forget it: If I don't go back Leona'll start foam- ing at the mouth anyway. As Hillary gets up her mother takes her hand and smiles at CC. Vesta is fumbling in her purse. 13.
5) 21) dialog: (bright, excited) Be sure to keep in touch, cc, okay? cc Well, sure, we're friends aren't we..? . Hillary doesn't hear as she vanishes down the steps with her mother and Vesta. CC looks after them with longing fo a moment, then looks down at the money in her hand. The waiter arrives and she suddenly shoves the money into his pocket.
6) 0) text: Two years older, dressed in black and looking as if she 14. has been crying, Hillary stands next to the closed street door, reading a letter. As she reads, we hear: ce (v.0.) Leona won't let me go to Julliard, so I have to keep taking dancing lessors from Miss Jean Kayton, the freaky fat vaudeville star. Her studio's in the cellar, which means you only graduate when you're tall enough to hit your hea on the ceiling. What's a genius like me doing in a place like this?; By the way, I'm sorry your mother's sick. Is she better? At that moment, the door to the street is abruptly pulled open. A handsome man in his forties, also dressed in blac and looking shattered, stands under an umbrella on the st At the curb, we see a coffin being slipped into the back a hearse, which is surrounded by a group of MOURNERS unde umbrellas. Hillary stares at the vision with a stunned frightened face, then care fully folds CC‘s letter and pu it into her pocket, takes her father's hand and walks out into the rain. ,
7) 1) dialog: (v.02) I've definately decided on Vassar. You asked what I'm going to be wnen I grow up. I have a feeling I'm go- ing to be my father. He never lets me out of his sight since my mother died. is. During this a boy walks up to the group. The girls look at him hopefully, including CC. ‘His eyes meet hers, she smiles invitingly, he stares for a moment longer, then turns and walks away. She sighs with despair as she goes back to the letter.
7) 2) dialog: (v.0.) By the way, I really res- pect your decision to de- dicate your life to art in- stead of boys. That kind of sacrifice shows great charac- ter.
8) 0) text: Hillary, now a stunningly beautiful woman, walks slowly across the lawn toward a building in a crowd of STUDENTS, carrying books and clumsily writing a letter. She has the kind of fresh, intelligent face that will still be beauti in old age, bones that promise character and an innate grace that expresses itself effortlessly.
8) 1) dialog: (vV.0.) It's not the same for me, I don't have yur talent, which is why I've decided to stay in Boston and take the job in my uncle's law firm. Drawing up wills and dissolving marriages is bor- ing no matter where you do it and my father would be desolé (that's French for fucked up) if I left. Will I ever see you again? How is New York? I'm sure by now you've taken it by storm.
10) 0) text: CLOSE ON A DISCARDED TIMETABLE as many feet walk over it. The date is February 11, 1972 cc (v.0.) ' Tucked safely in the bosom of your family. As a very expensive pair of woman's boots walk over it. CAMERA MOVES UP AND BACK AND FOLLOWS HILLARY as she makes her way with the crowd toward the main terminal building. She is struggling with a few pieces of expensive luggage and has a crumpled Boston Globe jammed under her arm. She is @ressed in conservative but stylish clothes - man's cashmere coat, wool challis skirt, silk shirt, etc.
11) 0) text: Hillary quickly walks to a bank of pay phones, an anxious look on her. face, takes a great pile of change from her purse, lights a cigarette hungrily, then feeds change int the phone and dials a long distance number. The phone rings, then:
11) 1) dialog: (bright, tense) Hi, Dad? It's me, Hillary. (pause, anxious) Well, no, I won't be joining you ‘for dinner tonight, I'm... I'm in New York... (pause, desperate) Well, I. don't know...I thought 17. HILLARY (cont'd.) maybe I'd check out some job possibilities here and... (pause, pleading) Please, Dad, please don't be upset, I've been trying to tell you for months I wanted to go but you wouldn't listen so I... (pause, uneasy) Dad..? Are you still there...? (flat, firm) Fuck you, Dad. She hangs up, tosses her Boston Globe dramatically into a nearby trashcan and resumes her journey to the street with her luggage, anxiety replaced by an excited determin tion. .
13) 2) dialog: (breathless excite- ment) cc..? CC Bloom..? eC turns to see Hillary standing in the doorway. She look at her without recognition. ee Yeah? Hillary steps into the room.
13) 3) dialog: Oh, CC; I'm so thrilled: I can't believe we're finally in the same room together: I've been dreaming of this moment for so long: cc stares at her, then frowns slightly. 219. ce Look, honey, I don't know what you're after, but if it's what I think it is, you've got the wrong girl.
13) 4) dialog: (taken aback) What? ce You're not my type, com- prenez-vous?
13) 5) dialog: cc: Don't you recognize me?: It's Hillary: CC stares at her, then her eyes begin to widen. ce (soft) Whitney...? Hillary nods. CC stares at her, then slowly walks toward her. cc (soft, amazed) How could I recognize you? I haven't seen you since we were eleven... She suddenly lets out a great shriek of excitement and Ha slaps his hands over his ears in pain as the two women em brace. “ ec I don't believe this: (to Harry) Do you believe this, Harry? We've been writing since we were eleven: (to Hillary) What are you doing in York?!
13) 6) dialog: : (confused laugh) I don't know, (emotional) I just walked out on my life in Boston tonight. I felt so suffocated I couldn't stand it anymore so I just left. . 20. HILLARY (cont ‘d.) My job, my apartment, my family... ec (cutting in, tense) Your money too..?
13) 7) dialog: (startled) Well, I hadn't thought about it, but yes, I guess my money too. With a heartbroken cry, CC puts her face in her hands.
13) 9) dialog: (bright, strained) I really appreciate the offer, cc, put I'm sure I can find a place of my own to live. ec In this neighborhood?: Never:
13) 10) dialog: (soft) Yes, well, I guess there's always uptown. ec You're broke! And anyway, Leona‘’d have a heart attack if I didn't invite you to move in. . HiuLaRyY She lives in Miami. She'd never know. CC is opening the door with her key. A drunken WOMAN sits on the step clutching a bottle in a brown paper bag. ce Hi, Marjorie. How's life treating you? 21. The drunk falls against the wall, her eyes shut,the bottl still clutched in her hand. CC shoves some money in her pocket. cc Cut down on the gasoline, Marge, It's bad for the complexion. Cc quickly climbs over the drunk and enters the biilding.
13) 11) dialog: (staring at drunk) She could be dead. ce (holding door, cheerful) ‘ Nah. I£ she was dead she would have dropped the bottle. Hillary looks at her with a strained smile, then gingerly climbs over the drunk and enters the building.
13) 13) dialog: (wiping away tears, excited) You don't understand: I'm erying because I'm happy: It just hit me I'm finally 22. HILLARY (cont'd.) involved in real life, not the sanitized version you get on Beacon Hill: (pacing room) Do you realize for the first time in my life I'm free?: For the first time I'm doing exactly what I want to do ra~ ther than what I‘ve been train- ed to do?! I feel like scream~ ing and shouting free at last, free at last, thank God Almighty I'm free at last: ccC stares at her shining face. cc (soft) Are you like this all the time..?
13) 14) dialog: (puzzled) No. CC smiles sweetly as she kicks the door shut. cc Good. Then you can stay.
14) 0) text: It is packed with scurilous-locking WOMEN ~ hookers, thieves, fight victims, etc. In one corner, a GROUP of antiewar types huddle anxiously together. While she talks, Hillary walks amongst the unwashed handing out leaflets featuring her smiling face beneath a headline reading “VOTE DEMOCRATIC = HILLARY WHITNEY FOR CITY COUNC 16TH DISTRICT.” Hillary's conservative clothes are gone and she is now dressed in army surplus fatigues, leyers o sweaters and scarves, etc. In spite of it all, she still 24. looks as if she belongs on the mver of Vogue. The down- trodden accept the leaflets with docile, blank faces.
14) 1) dialog: (passionate, in- spiring) You've got to vote, you've got to tell your friends to vote. This city doesn't just belong to Wall Street and Fifth Avenue, it belongs to you too and I promise once I'm on the city council things will change - free daycare cen- ters, youth programs, wor study programs for the under- priviledged, small business in- centives for deprived communities - my aim is to represent the inter- ests of everyone in this district, not just the... A bored-looking COP has opened the cell door. Everyone looks up anxiously, except Hillary, who is busy with her speech. . cop , . (eutting in) Whitney: H. Whitney:
14) 2) dialog: (turning) Yes? cop You're out.
14) 4) dialog: Nobody read re my rights and I was held without chéagus:
14) 6) dialog: I will not shut-up: ec He has a gun. Shut-up. 25. o~ HILLARY (to cop) I just happen to be running for e¢ity council in this @istrict and you haven't heard the last of this, you fascist pig:
14) 8) dialog: ' Oh, yeah? On what charge? cc ) Resisting release: (grabbing her arm) | Let's go! : She starts pulling.Hillary down the hall. Hillary yanks her arm away but keeps walking, pulling a cigarette out of her pocket. as HILLARY (lighting up) God, what an experience: First my civil rights were violated and then a hooker threatened to stab me with , a bobby pin if I didn't give . - her my last cigarette: Naturally, : I refused: CC looks at her as if she is insane. cc What is with you?: First you quit your low-paying job with the ACLU to run for some cockamamey political office in a district full of congenital idiots and killers, and now you have to go to jail too?
14) 9) dialog: I didn't do it on purpose. . I was on a run-of-the-mill o~ . anti-war march when a few zea- lots started throwing bottles at the cops: Do you think I like having tear gas bombs thrown in my face? Yes. I do. She walks out. Hillary goes after her. 26. *™ EXT, POLICE STATION - DAY _ , As they start down the steps:
14) 10) dialog: Going back to work? ce I was fired.
14) 11) dialog: I'm retiring the last of my eredit cards today. ce I can hardly hold back my i tears.
14) 12) dialog: What do you say we send it off in style? oo Cc leoks at her with sudden interest. cc Lunch and a facial?
14) 13) dialog: Lunch, a facial and Bendels. cc (delighted) Now you're talking: As they start off down the street arm in arm, Hillary suddenly looks at her curiously.
14) 14) dialog: Don't you care about any of this stuff? cc What stuff?
14) 15) dialog: What's going on in the world. The injustices, the wrongs, ro . the problems. ec Sure I do. We just have a . Gifferent approach te things, that's all. : 27.
14) 16) dialog: What do you mean? ec I mean you want to change the world. (looks at her) I want to rule it.
15) 0) text: Hillary is behind the wheel and driving like a maniac, leaning on the horn, practically going up on curbs to pas people, etc. We see campaign posters and leaflets coverin the back seat, CC is in the passenger seat, gripping the dashboard, dressed in a rabbit costume complete with rubb muzzle, teeth and plastic whiskers.
15) 2) dialog: No, I'm just saying you al- ways take these jobs when I'm in a rush to be somewhere. (yelling out window) What are you doing, asshole? Taking your vacation at the interesection? She skids to a halt in front of a tenement building, just missing a garbage truck. ce (sort, horrified) You must have gotten your license out of a cereal box.
15) 3) dialog: Do you want me to wait? cc turns to her and snaps the muzzle against her face. ec What do you think? As she speaks, Hillary grabs a bunch of envelopes and lea lets and starts stuffing.
15) 4) dialog: Then you'd better step on it. I'm speaking at a rent strike raliy in an hour. 27A. cc stares at her as if she is a rare species of bird, then quickly jumps out of the car, slams the door and runs into the building.
16) 14) dialog: If you want me to drive you home, CC we have to leave now: cc turns to her with a radiant smile. ce John Chase, my roommate, Hillary Whitney. When Hillary's eyes meet John's it is electrifying for bo They stare at each other, then Hillary quickly walks for- ward and holds out her hand with an awkward smile.
16) 15) dialog: Hello. Sorry to be s0 abrupt, but I'm running late for an appointment. They shake hands, transfixed by one another.
16) 17) dialog: An audition. .? (sudden, laugh) Oh, no! I'm not a performer.
16) 19) dialog: (handing him a leaflet) I'm running for city council.
16) 21) dialog: Wrong district.
16) 22) text: My loss. 31. ce (sudden, shrill) Isn't it time to get moving, dear?! Hillary quickly glances at her, ther looks back at John as she starts edging out the door after CC,
16) 23) dialog: , Goodbye, John, Nice meeting you.
17) 0) text: As CC and Hillary descend the stairs, Hillary glances at her with excitement. HILLARY . He's very attractive, isn't he? ec: (sullen) I suppose, if you like the type. She flops into the car and pulls the door shut.
18) 0) text: As Hillary climbs in and starts the engine:
18) 1) dialog: I wonder why that woman calls him her darling bunny boy. . cc turns to look at her, their eyes lock for a moment, then CC turns away.
18) 2) dialog: (soft, intrigued) Oh. I see, Int. EAST SIDE THEATER - ONSTAGE - DAY It is in an abandoned church on the lower east side. 32. cc is finishing up a reading from Streetcar Named Desire. She is surprisingly good as Blanche DuBois except she plays her as a girl from The Bronx. John sits watching her in wonder. ce He'd stuck a revolver into his mouth and fired: so that the back of his head had been - blown away! It was because on the dance floor - unable to stop myself - I'd suddenly said “I know! I saw! You disgust me." And then the searchlight which had been turned on the world was turned off again and never for one moment since has there been any light stronge than this kitchen candle... There is a pause, then she looks up anxiously and slowly lowers the script. John stares at her. ce, So..?
19) 0) text: Sunlight streams through dirty windows. In theix under- wear, CC and Hillary are dying their hair. CC is rinsing hers in the sink and Hillary is drying hers with a blow- dryer. ee (defensive) Well, no, it's not a big part, I only have four lines, « but each one is dense with meaning.
19) 1) dialog: John called me yesterday. cc, who is drying her hair with a towel, @arts her a look of surprise. ec Why?
19) 2) dialog: For lunch, but I had to speak to the chamber of commerce. (pause, casual) Is he still with the set de- signer? cc (casual) Nah. He dumped her for & dancer in A Chorus Line.
19) 3) dialog: How'd she taxe it? ec . (with relish) Sui-i-cidal: He's absolutely heartless when it comes to women.
19) 4) dialog: (soft, uneasy) Really. : CC drops the towel, shakes her hair out and looks at Hillary expectantly. Her mane is now blonde. cc Wnat do you think? 33.
19) 5) dialog: It's fabulous: (patting hair, excited) What do you think of mine? cc It's the same color.
19) 6) dialog: What? cc turns her to face the mirror. ce You just spent the last two hours dying your hair ex- actly the same color.
21) 0) text: The place is empty except for CC, who is stretched out on a bench staring at the ceiling, and Hillary, who is re- moving things from a dryer and folding then. ce Tell me the truth. I mean really, really tell me the truth.
21) 1) dialog: Okay. cc Do you think I'm very tal- ented or just moderately talented? : i HILLARY , . (faint sigh) I think you're very talented, Cc. I've told you that at , least eight million times.
21) 3) dialog: (exasperated) Yes: I mean it! ec (quiet) He thinks I'm very talented too.
21) 4) dialog: (folding, casual) How is he? Still with the erying waitress? ce No. She entered an Ashran when he started seeing the gymnast. 35. ce (cont'd.) (pause) Did he ever call you again?
21) 5) dialog: No. My schedule's so tight I said I'd call him. (sudden) The girl who entered the Ashram, was she religious? cc No. (leoking at her) E-motionally shattered.
21) 6) dialog: _ BY him? ce Uh-huh. (pause) Are you going to do it?
21) 7) dialog: What? ce Call him.
21) 8) dialog: I don't know. They sink back into their own thoughts as Hillary folds, then CC turns to look at her. ee I'll never forget this for as long as I live.
21) 9) dialog: What? cc You doing my laundry for me. I hate doing laundry more than anything on earth and this is the kindest thing anyone has ever done for me, (looking back at ceiling, thoughtful) A man would never do this for you no matter how much he loved you. 36.
22) 0) text: A seraggly, haphazardly decorated Christmas tree with a few wrapped presents under it provides the only light. The loft has been transformed by Hillary into @ place where people live. Her sleeping area has prints on the wall, lush plants, filled bookshelves, cluttered desk over which hangs evidence of her political campaign, news paper clippings, posters, photographs, etc. CC and Hillar are in their beds, falling asleep.
22) 2) dialog: How about Good King Wenceslaus? cc Not tonight, Hill.
22) 3) dialog: Okay. (shutting eyes) Goea night, CC. ce (drifting off) Goodnight, Hillary The Christmas lights blink on and off in the dark as thei breathing deepens into sleep.
24) 0) text: A large, noisy party is underway. CLOSE ON CC. Still in costume and make-up, she is trying to appear happy in spi of the fact that she is utterly miserable. ce (stiff smile) Happy? I'm out of my mine with happiness: This is the most wonderful night of my life: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include the party and Hillary, who seems to be oblivious to CC's state.
24) 1) dialog: (warm, excited) When you first appeared I actually cried. I couldn't . help it. You were like a stranger up there, a... John suddenly appears with a bottle of champagne.
24) 3) dialog: (holding out glass) You're a genius: Where did you find more champagne? cc {acid) In the office where he put the fifteen cases he bought this afternoon. They taught him how to do it at Yale. John and Hillary are only aware of each other.
24) 5) text: I know, I feel the same way about you. I wonder why? 40. ec That's obvious: You must have met in a former life: (bitter laugh) I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that [ talk about both of you incessantly. John and Hillary look at her with puzzled frowns, then Jo turns back to Hillary.
24) 7) dialog: (excited) Well, it's amazing. I was way behind but the latest poll shows me running even! I have a good chance of winning:
26) 0) text: Hillary is curled up in a chair near the window, wrapped in a blanket, drinking coffee and lost in her own, very happy thoughts as we hear a few crashes in the hallway. The locks on the door are thrown and CC walks in. Hillary sits up in shock.
27) 0) text: CC is getting out of her wet clothes and into a robe when Hillary walks in.
27) 1) dialog: (excited) Don't you want to know what happened to me? CC gives her a quick glance, then turns away as she start removing her smeared make-up. cc (flat) Wnat happened to you? Hillary sinks down onto her bed.
27) 2) dialog: Everything. I just spent the most wonderful night of my life. CC keeps her face turned away. ec (quick, low) With John? Hillary leans back and shuts her eyes. 43..
27) 3) dialog: (dreamy) With John. oh, CC, it was so incredibly romantic. We got & room at the Plaza, had @ magnum of champagne sent up «He's an incredible lover, we didn't sleep all... ce (sudden, harsh) Hand me that brash, will you? Hillary sits up, finds the brush on the bedside table and hands it to CC. CC quickly starts brushing her hair, her back carefully turned to Hillary. cc {sudden, light) So did the two of you fail in love?
27) 4) dialog: I don't know...we just met really... ° (soft, happy) We will. cc is now brushing her hair very, very hard.
27) 5) dialog: Oh, by the way, my father's got some bug and I have to go to Boston for a couple of days. Will you water my plants while I'm gone? CC hesitates in her brushing, her back turned, then she turns to look at Hillary, in torment. She finally sinks down into a chair with a sigh, pulling confetti out of her hair dejectedly. ec Oh, sure. We're friends, aren't we,.?
28) 0) text: Wearing a robe and dark glasses, CC waters Hillary's lush plants.
30) 0) text: Wearing a robe and dark glasses, CC waters Hillary's plan They look much less lush. She finds a couple of dead ors and tosses them into the trash.
31) 0) text: It is dimly lit. She puts down the tray, glances anxiousl at the bed where we see a shadowy figure asleep under the covers, then sinks into a chair and goes back to the lett 45. ec (v.0.) Did I tell you? There's talk of taking the show to Broadway: I can't be- lieve it: All my dreams are coming true: Hillary looks up with a sad, lost face. INT, ‘THEATER - BACKSTAGE - NIGHT We can hear the audience out front as the orchestra plays the overture. CC emerges from her cubbyhole dressing room and starts walking toward the wings. John appears behind
32) 0) text: Wearing @ robe and dark glasses, she fills a kettle with water and walks over to Hillary's plants. They are dead, ec (sad sigh) Suicide. She puts the kettle down and climbs back into bed where she resumes reading a letter.
32) 1) dialog: (v.0.) . Michael wasn't just my father's lawyer, he was the son my father never had and in my father's final days it gave him great joy to see us together. The ceremoney was civil and our wedding recep- tion small, but it was lovely. The only flaw was your absence, but I understand the show must go on. By the way, how's John? Do you see much of him socially?
36) 0) text: CLOSE ON HILLARY'S FACE AT EXACTLY THE SAME ANGLE. She is staring up at something with a strange intensity, complet ly lost in her own thoughts. CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS BACK to take in the heavy traffic, the CROWDS and finally an enor mous billboard showing CC as her character in the show fr the East Side Theater, which has moved to Broadway, It is SRO. People shove past her, knocking her about a bit, but she is oblivious to everything but the billboard and her thoughts. She is dressed very conservatively. Her husband, MICHAEL HAMILTON, a handsome man in his early thirties, also very conservatively dressed, is standing next to a taxi with the door open.
36) 2) dialog: Sorry, Michael: She quickly climbs into the cab and he climbs in after he As it pulls away from the curb, we see that the license plate has 1974 stickers.
37) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS THE TAXI as it cruises through traffic and finally pulls to a halt in front of an old, elegant build ing. Hillary and Michael climb out of the cab and enter the building. She takes in her surroundings with a tense, guarded lock on her face.
38) 0) text: The place has clearly been put together by a decorator and although tasteful it has a sterile quality to it. Everything is overdone, expensive and new. Wearing a very trendy designer outfit, CC is attempting to beat bac a violently lunging, very large, great dane puppy with a newspaper as she, Michael and Hillary edge their way towa the living room.
38) 1) dialog: (tense, bright) I'm so happy to finally see you: : ec . (fierce) : Down, Arthur, down: (tense, bright) I know! It's been ages: ‘ (pleading to dog) Sit, Arthur, please sit honey dog, sit for CC... (to Michael) It's so exciting to finally meet you, Michael. (swinging at dog, shrieking) Sit you brain-damaged bag of bones or I'll have you gassed: As the living room door slams shut behind them Arthur hit it with a shuddering crash.
39) 3) dialog: (flustered smile) No. It's been a long time.
39) 5) dialog: No, it's not. It's all BOwee (sweet smile) as.
39) 7) dialog: (irritated) No. I don't miss politics at all. Why would I? ec (insistant) Because it meant so much to you, that's why.
39) 9) dialog: (strained, bright) What have you been doing, John? 51.
39) 11) dialog: (intense, admiring) - If I were in the theater I'd want to be like you: You have an artistic inte- grity that seems to be lack- ing in... - (darting a look at cc) »eein Bo many others. cc hasn't missed this. She slowly -turns to her with a brittle smile. ec So tell me, dear, just. what do you do with yourself all day now that you're a house- wife? Hillary turns to her with cold eyes.
39) 12) dialog: I beg your pardon? cc I'd go crazy doing nething: (confiding to Michael) But then I've always been a very energetic person. (to Hillary) Don't you get bored sitt- ing around the house all day?
39) 13) dialog: (sharp) No, because I don't sit around the house all day. I‘m an extremely busy person. The taxi has pulled to a halt in front of Twenty-One. Before the doorman can reach them, Hillary slams the taxi door open and steps out, her lips a thin line.
40) 1) dialog: I beg your parden? cc How do you keep busy? Doing what? .
40) 4) dialog: (clipped) I spend it working on var- ious charities, I'm on the Board of the Junior League, The Stately Homes Preserva- tion Society and I'm a docent at the art musuem.
40) 6) dialog: (sharp) You may not be aware of it, but gardening happens to be an art: . 53. cc stares at her, then shrugs slightly. cc Hey. Who's criticizing. The important thing is you're happy, right? Hillary takes Michael's arm.
40) 7) dialog: Iam: I am very, very, very happy: At that moment, the HEAD WAITER rushes up to CC and John.
40) 9) dialog: Mery happy: “INT. CC'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON Wearing casual clothes, CC and Hillary sit across from on another with grim faces playing cards. They silently snap up ecards and slap them down.
40) 10) dialog: (slamming down hand) Gin: She counts CC's points, then while CC rapidly shuffles the cards, Hillary adds them on a pad. ec Who's winning?
40) 11) dialog: Tt am: ¢¢ starts dealing so hard and fast you can barely see the cards. We hear the front door open and close.
41) 0) text: cc and Hillary walk through the ground floor of the crowd ed department store glancing at things as they talk. ec (using lip- stick tester) This is a great color on me, isn't it? Hillary is checking nail polish colors.
41) 1) dialog: I guess. ee ~ (snapping) Well, is it or isn't it? Hillary slams the nail polish down a Little too hard, 55.
41) 2) dialog: No, it's not. It makes you look like @ corpse. Is that specific enough for you? They walk on in silence for a moment, trying to put & damper on their tempers. Hillary picks up @ hat and tries it on. cc (sudden, desper- ate) I've got a great idea! Let's get a facial:
41) 3) dialog: (putting hat back) Ican't. Michael's meeting ends in an hour and we have to leave for the airport. cc suddenly picks up a baby's snowsuit made to look like a teddy bear. ec Oh, Hill, look: Isn't this divine?
41) 4) dialog: Very sweet. (unguarded) I can't wait to have a baby. ce (emotional) Are you doing it soon?
41) 5) dialog: (nappy nod) Absolutely. Having children is the most important thing to me. I'd feel incomplete without them. cc I know what you mean.
41) 6) dialog: (surprised) You do? cc (defensive) Sure, I do. Way wouldn't I? 56.
41) 7) dialog: (superior) I just.didn't think someone like you would care about children. You're 80 obsessed with your career and ali. ce (sharp) I am not obsessed and just because I work doesn't mean that “someone like me" doesn't want kids:
41) 8) dialog: (sharper) Wanting then and caring for them properly are two differ- ent things. Having children * is a full time job. cc (hard) For some people:
41) 9) dialog: (harder) : Yes. The ones who take the responsibility seriously and don't just have children to gratify their overweaning egos: cc (exploding) What the hell is going on here?: People turn to look at then.
41) 10) dialog: (furious hiss) Will you please lower your voice?: cc No, I won't: I want to know what's eating you: You've been a total bitch ever since you arrived in New York:
41) 12) dialog: (sudden, cold) Oh, for God's sake, CC, don't you get it? We have nothing in common anymore. It happens to the best of friends and it's happened to us. We've grown apart and it's time to accept it. ec You're wrong. We haven't grown apart. You've fallen apart.
41) 13) dialog: (icey) I don't think I want to pursue this. (turning, heading for exit) S50 long, CC. Take care. ec (sudden, loud) Oh, no, you don't, you stuck-up little witch: You're not getting off that easy: (going after her angry) When your father died he took the best of you with him, my old friend: (grabbing her arm, tarning her) You tried to be an interest- ing person for a while, but you couldn't take the heat: At the first sign of trouble, you caved in, reverted back to type! You're nothing but a tight-assed, small-minded little snob these days:
41) 14) dialog: (low, vicious) . How would a pretentious little climber like you know that? ec (harsh) Experience! And I know what's eathing you too: Plain, old- fashioned jealousy: 58.
41) 15) dialog: (contemptuous) Jealousy? Of what? Your raw ambition? Your new money? Your marriage of convenience? ec (low, mortally wounded) My what?
41) 16) dialog: (furious) Every time John looks at me you come apart at the seams: What's the problem? Are you afraid he doesn't love you? Arve you afraid you got him by default? cc stares at her. ce (low, even) Maybe I am, but at least I belong to myself, which is more than I can say for you. rt'm doing what I want to do, remember? Free at last, free at last? I'm living the life you wanted to live but didn't have the courage for, so don't tell me you're not jealous. You're s0 jealous you can hardly breathe. CC suddenly turns and walks out. As she vanishes inte the crowd on the street, Hillary becomes aware of people staring at her. She casually pretends to examine some stockings, but as she picks them up her hand is shaking.
42) 0) text: Hillary and Michael sit side by side as the plane levels off after take-off. He is working on a file and she is calmly reading a magazine. When the seat belt light snaps off she calmly undoes her belt and gets up.
42) 1) dialog: I'll be right back. He nods without looking up from the file. She walks off down the aisle toward the bathroom.
43) 0) text: eee 59. Hillary walks in, pulls the door shut and locks it, then suddenly doubles over. as she is swept by great wracking sobs.
45) 0) text: It is furnished almost exactly as it was when it belonged to her father. Listlessly reading the headlines, Hillary wanders down the hall to the kitchen.
46) 0) text: Dressed for work, Michael is at the table finishing up breakfast. Hillary walks in and sits down, still reading the paper, then as Michael gets up and starts gathering his things together to leave: :
46) 1) dialog: (reading, dull) Coming home for dinner tonight?
46) 3) dialog: (reading, dull) I have another appointment at the infertility clinic and I have to buy a wrench. He stares at her.
46) 5) dialog: We don't have one. He stares at her, gives her a light kiss on the cheek and walks out. She goes back to the paper.
46) 7) text: On screen, a few depressed-looking PEOPLE sit at tables in a seedy nightclub as a ruined-looking EMCEE with very large, white caps introduces the next act. There is a dru roll, the curtains part and CC emerges to applause and wh tles from a larger audience we cannot see. As she goes in a routine which is a witty take-off on her days as a cabaret singer at the Dew Drop Inn, CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS B and we realize we are in Hillary's bedroom. She is sittin on the floor in front of the t.v. watching CC with longin A moment passes, then we hear:
46) 11) dialog: No, of course not. I was. just in the bathroom.
46) 13) dialog: I'll be right down. As he walks away, she rushes back into the bedroom.
47) 0) text: She rushes to the t.v. and turns the sound up slightly, but CC's performance is over. As the end credits roll and applause continues, CC mills around the stage of Saturday Night Live with other members of the cast. Hillary stares at her with hungry longing, then reaches out and gentiy touches her on-screen figure with her finger tip. It vanishes and is replaced by a commercial.
48) 0) text: Michael is stretched out cn the couch watching the tennis matches at Wimbledon when Hillary appears in the doorway.
48) 1) dialog: It's time.
50) 0) text: Dressed in country clothes and a slicker, Hillary drives down her street and parks in front of her house.
50) 3) dialog: (running up front _ steps) Michael stayed in town and it wouldn't stop raining: Absolutely dismal weekend: She opens the door with her key and goes inside.
50) 6) dialog: (calling out) Michael! Are you here? She walks into the kitchen and stops.
50) 8) dialog: That's my robe.
60) 5) dialog: Yes. They had to call the paramedics for Anita's back and Glenn took the job at the ear dealership after all. Maura sits down and opens a tabloid. They read in silence for a moment, listening to the soap.
60) 7) dialog: Wnat?
60) 10) dialog: You didn't do any laundry last week. Will you be sure i to finish it today?
60) 12) dialog: : You have to answer that: i It could be him: i . MAURA | (leoking up) -o Who?
60) 13) dialog: (frantic) Mr. Hamilton: IZ don't want ' him to see me like this:
60) 15) dialog: (shrill fury) Who cares?: I told you to answer the door and I want you to answer it now! Maura slowly looks up from her paper, deeply offended.
61) 0) text: It is also a mess. Hillary reaches the door, hesitates anxiously, smoothing her hair and rearranging her dread- ful housecoat, then, her back very straight and head held high, she pulls open the door. She stares in shock. CC stares back apprehensively looking even worse than she di on the movie set, wearing & voluminous sweat suit and ver dark glasses, A taxi is waiting in the street.
61) 1) dialog: (stunned) ec: ec (nervous smile) The one and only. Long . time no see, huh? Hillary stares at her with dazed, unbelieving eyes.
61) 2) dialog: Yes. Very long. (soft) You look terrible. cc Oh, yeah? Well, you're not exactly a fashion plate your- self, you know? (Hillary's eyes £ill with tears; apologetic) Don't cry, for God's ke, I didn't mean it: Most of the time you're a great dresser: Not exactly a pio- neer in the color department maybe, but....
61) 5) dialog: For what? All you did was tell the truth. I was so jealous of you for doing everything you said you were going to do I couldn't see straight. {low, ashamed) And because John was so ob- viously in love with you. ec (misexable shrug) Yeah, well, that's all water under the bridge now. We broke up. Oh, no: ® ¥ cc nods, then sinks down onto the step. Hillary sits down next to her. ec It really did me in. Tf was so wrecked they shut down my first movie.
61) 6) dialog: (aghast) Wnat happened? cc (defensive) I was a little edgey, that's all, and it's not my medium, you know? (pause, quick) I also broke the director's jaw. (eyes filling with tears) Oh, but that's not the worst of it... (choked) . Arthur was hit by a laundry truck.
61) 7) dialog: (sympathetic) I'm so sorry: ce . (erying) He died... (snapping fingers) just like that: 76.
61) 8) dialog: At least he didn't suffer, ce (tortured) No, but the thing is I al- ways thought I hated him when I really loved him so I never showed it: He never knew how much I really cared!
61) 9) dialog: (reassuring) I'm sure he guessed. You . mustn't torture yourself about it now. (pause) cc? cc (wiping eyes) Yeah?
61) 10) dialog: Wno's Arthur? . ec quickly looks at her, then throws her arms around he old friend with a happy laugh. Hillary looks ce Oh, God, I've missed you: (pulling back, surprised) You're so fat!
61) 11) dialog: I'm not fat. (opening robe) I'm having a baby. cc (in shock) What..? down at her stomach with a strange detachment.
61) 12) dialog: I'm five months pregnant. (looking up, break- ing into sobs, almost incoherent) After he left me for the Chiro- practor we met to discuss the di- 77. HILLARY (cont'd.) vorce and that's when it happened except he doesn't want it because he's going to marry her. ce , (seft, appalled) He left you for a chiroprac- tor and you're having a baby on your own....? Hillary neds as she sobs uncontrollably. CC breaks into a delighted smile. . ce (ecstatic) Oh, Hillary: If it’s a girl will. you name her after me?
62) 0) text: Hillary is on a step-ladder hanging lace curtains. CC sit on.the floor putting baby clothes into a bureau, humming to herself. They work in a companionable silence. ExT. HILLARY'S BACK GARDEN ~ NIGHT
62) 1) text: Everything is blooming. Hillary is in a chair and cc is stretched out on the grass gazing up at the night sky. Pause.
62) 2) dialog: (sudden) cc? ce What?
62) 3) dialog: (soft, worried) Do you think maybe I'm do- ing the wrong thing to have this baby? ce What do you mean?
62) 4) dialog: To have it without a father. Is it selfish? Probably. (pause, quiet) But so what. All great love is selfish.
62) 6) dialog: But I want you to come with me. cc Forget it.
62) 7) dialog: Why ? ce You know how I feel about sickness, It depresses me.
62) 8) dialog: But I'm not sick, I'm pregnant. . ee This is a hospital. There
62) 11) dialog: But don't you want to see what the baby looks like on the screen? ce Draw me a picture.
62) 13) dialog: Dr. Feldman. {to CC) Dr. Feldman's my obstetri- cian. (to Richard) Dr. Richard Feldman this is my oldest friend.... ~ Richard is looking at CC with amazement,
62) 20) dialog: (startled) . Sonar and I thought you weren't coming with me be- cause you can‘t stand the sight of sick peo... ec (cuttang in, aghast) Not coming with you? Are you mad? (simpering smile at Richard) I wouldn't dream of missing a chance to see the little darling on screen. Hillary looks away with a disgusted expression as the doo shut.
64) 0) text: Hillary is sitting on the floor in front of the fire with newspapers looking at the door expectantly. The floor is littered with bags and boxes from a shopping spree. cc (0.8.)
64) 2) dialog: (aghast, soft) I..I don't know what to say... ce (spinning around, happily) Am I the picture of a doctor's wife or what?!
66) 0) text: Wearing her robe and still half.asleep, CC flips through a magazine, making notes on a pad, while she drinks coffe The phone is ringing. A second later, it is answered, then Hillary walks into the room.
66) 1) dialog: (pouring coffee) It's for you. Your agent. cC slowly lifts her head and stares at her, suddenly full awake, then gets up and quickly walks out of the room. As Hillary sits down at the table she glances at the cove of CC’s magazine. It is BRIDE.
68) 0) text: The place looks like a tornedo hit it and suitcases are open on the bed. CC is packing frantically. Hillary stands in the doorway in shock.
68) 1) dialog: You're leaving? Just like that? . ce I have to: I've been asked to replace the lead in a Broadway hit! It's my chance to come back from the dead: . 85. HILLARY . But what about the baby..? cc I'll be back for that. (trying on Queen Mother hat) I can't wear this in New York. Do you want it? Hillary rips the hat from her hand and throws it aside.
68) 2) dialog: I won't let you do this! ce what?
68) 3) dialog: Just waltz in here, make a mess and leave me to clean it up: ce What are you talking about? I'm going to clean the room before I...
68) 4) dialog: Fuck the room, I’m talking about Richard, your fiancee. ce (soft, accusing) You said fuck,
68) 5) dialog: (furious) You're heartless, CC: You just used that poor man to get back on your feet and... ce (furious) I did not: “
68) 6) dialog: You did too: cC sits on the bed. ce Okay. Maybe I did, but I didn't know I was doing it, so it doesn't count.
68) 8) dialog: Then have the decency to tell him you're leaving: Pause. CC looks up at her. ec I will...but I was just won- dering..
68) 9) dialog: (wary) Wondering what? ec (innocent) Well, it's just that I'm in such a mad rush to make the next shuttle and...
68) 10) dialog: (low, hard) No. ce (ignoring her, eajoling) I just thought it might be better if you...
68) 11) dialog: (hard, loud) No, no, no, no.
69) 0) text: Hillary stands in the open doorway in front of Richard who stands on the steps holding a corsage in a plastic box.
69) 2) dialog: (desperate) It's the part of a lifetime, Richard, (frantic) Won't you come in for a drink? We could talk better inside. 87.
69) 5) dialog: Oh, thank you, Richard. It's lovely. . (desperate) - Are you sure you won't come in?
73) 0) text: As Hillary, who is in labor, is moved from her bed onto a guerney by ATTENDANTS, CC stands slightly away from her clutching a surgical gown, a look of sick terror on her face. She is now wearing designer punk clothes and has a green streak through her very red hair. |
73) 1) dialog: (furious, panting) What do you mean you can't do it?! cc (frantic) Just what I said! You know how some people are afraid of snakes?!
73) 2) dialog: (shrieking) What does that have to do with anything? cc I'm afraid of blood and @eath and medical instru- ments: I can't. even stand to hear someone say mucuous membrane:
73) 3) dialog: (raging, reacting to contractions) Yau promised to be my part- ner in this: cc I made a mistake, Hillary is being wheeled out of the room.
73) 4) dialog: (furious) I should have known you'd @o something like this! It's not the first time! 91.
73) 6) dialog: I mean have you forgotten the time you left me waiting in the lobby of the Plaza Hotel and you never showed up?! . . cc I cannot believe you're bring- ing this up again:
73) 7) dialog: It was the most inconsiderate thing anyone has ever done to me: cc I explained what happened a hundred times: I went to the Iranian Queen for a pedi- CUTE.coe She's so caught up in the story she doesn't notice that they are slamming into the delivery room.
74) 3) dialog: (panting) Will you stay? c¢ leoks at her, glances around the room once -again, her gaze comes to rest on a tray of instruments and she faint dead away.
75) 0) text: cc is fast asleep in a chair. Hillary is in bed with her new born baby, looking exhausted but blissfully happy. A moment passes, CC turns, stirs, then her eyes open. The first thing she sees is Hillary and the baby. She stares with amazement. ec (soft) It's over? Hillary looks at her and nods. CC gets up and walks over, looking at the baby with wonder and delight. ~ ce What is it?
75) 1) dialog: A girl. (sudden, intense) Remember this. 93. : ce What?
75) 2) dialog: This moment. It's the happiest one of my entire life. Remember it for me. CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE ON THE FACE OF THE INFANT. SUPERIMPOSE THE FACE OF AN EIGHT-YEAR-OLD GIRL, which fil the screen, She is wearing a half-slip on her head and looks just like Hillary did as a child, except her color- ing is darker. She stares grimly into CAMERA,
75) 4) dialog: {shout V.0.) Victoria Cornelia Cecilia ‘what are you doing up there?! Victoria jumps up from the mirror she was looking into.
76) 0) text: Tne front door is open and Hillary is wating in it. She i 94. wearing @ suit and holding a briefcase and in middle-age is as beautiful as ever, however, her face is drawn and tired. Victoria runs noisily down the steps, then as she heads for the door she suddenly Sweeps a cat up from a ch into her arms. :
76) 2) dialog: (exploding) Goddamn it, put that cat ~ down now and let's go! She turns and storms out of the house. Victoria looks at her with surprise, sheepishly puts the cat down and quick goes after her, shutting the door behind her.
77) 0) text: As Hillary and Victoria talk, the car approaches a school attached to the Episcopal Church, which is surrounded by a sea of babbling children in uniforms. Hillary is slight short of breath and very pale.
77) 1) dialog: You may invite Melissa to visit the last week in Au- gust, not before!
77) 3) dialog: Then untell her. I want this summer at the Cape to be peaceful. I have a flu I can't shake, I'm tired and I don't want to spend my time taking care of anyone else's children, understood?
77) 5) dialog: The same children you've been playing with every summer since you were born. The ones who live there. Hillary leans across, opens the passenger door and gives Victoria a kiss.
77) 6) dialog: I'm late. Victoria gives her a wounded look, then gets out of the ear. Hillary suddenly looks remorseful.
77) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, puss, but I‘m just very tired.
78) 0) text: Hillary is bent over the sink Splashing her face with col water. She straightens up, locking very pale, to catch her breath. . INT. LOBBY OF COURTHOUSE - DAY . Hillary walks through the crowded lobby toward the main staircase leading up to the courtrooms. Another LAYWER calls to her from nearby.
78) 2) dialog: (walking, breath- less) Just. I'm due in court right now. He walks over to her and they start up the steps, CAMERA FOLLOWING.
78) 4) dialog: (breathless) I bet they do. Forget it.
78) 7) dialog: (panicky, gasping) I don't know...I ..- (terrified gasps,. starting to cry) I can't breathe...I'm in pain and I can't breathe...
79) 0) text: Wearing her uniform and carrying her bookbag, Victoria approaches a room with an anxious look on her face. She pauses at the open door md looks inside. Hillary is sleeping peacefully in the bed, her breathing: normal. Sh is hooked up to a variety co machines which monitor her v tal signs.
79) 3) dialog: (happy, surprised) Hi, puss, what are you do- ing here alone? She lets Victoria go and leans back into her pillows, fat gued, Victoria sits in the chair next to the bed, never taking her eyes off her mother.
79) 9) dialog: (quiet) Who told you that?
79) 11) dialog: (soft, even) Yes. I caught a virus in my heart.
80) 0) text: It is packed with STUDENTS preparing for exams. Looking fragile and very pale, Hillary enters the library and goe to the desk where the LIBRARIAN, a man in his late twenti vith? gentile face is working. The large wall clock reads 98.
80) 1) dialog: (to Librarian) Excuse me. (he looks up) I wondere@d if you could help me. I want to see everything you have on a heart disease called cardic- myopathy.
81) 0) text: The place is empty except for the Librarian, who is pre- paring to leave for the night, and Hillary who is sitting at the table, surrounded by books, still reading and stu- diously making notes, The librarian glances at her as he locks his desk and picks up his jacket. The wall clock reads 6:00.
81) 2) dialog: Oheee (leeking at books) I see. As he walks over to her:
81) 4) dialog: Oh, thanks, but that won't be necessary. I've got all I need. As he starts stacking the books back on the trolley, she gets up, drops her glasses and papers into her purse, sli on her jacket and starts walking away.
81) 5) dialog: Goodnight. 99.
84) 0) text: A large bouquet of roses sits in a vase on the telephone table. We hear a key in the lock, the door opens and CC walks in. The place is much more comfortable than when 100. she lived there with John. As she takes her coat off and drops it on a chair she walks over to the flowers and picks up the card with excitement. As she reads it the phone rings. She answers it. ec Hello? (delighted) Hillary: Just the person I was going to call? Guess what?: . (pause, irritated) Yes, I'm in love, but what do you mean is he married?: (pause, sharp) I am pot drawn to tortured affairs and yes, he's married but he doesn't Live with his wife he just takes his laundry home and what the hell's the matter with you?:
85) 0) text: Hillary is in bed under the covers. She looks very iil ang medication litters the bedside table. CC paces the room, carefully avoiding looking at Hillary. ce (frantic) Why didn't you tell me when it first happened?. I mean, it's unbelievable that you can just get some- thing like this out of the blue: {darting her a look) So what do you have to do?
85) 1) dialog: (shrugging) A few things. I've chosen medication and rest. Pause. cc (soft, scared) And you'li get better..? Hillary stares out the window in silence. CC suddenly snatches up a bouquet of flowers from the bureau and quickly walks to the door. ec (frantic) I'd better get these 101. cc (cont'd.) flowers in some water soon or they'll die! I mean wilt: fhey'11 wilt! Not...you know...
85) 2) dialog: (sudden) cc? CC turns to look at her apprehensively from the doorway. ec Yeah?
85) 3) dialog: (quiet) I still want to take Vic~ toria to the Cape for the summer, but we can't go alone. cc (soft, scared) Oh, right. (pause, desperate) ‘Don't worry about it: I'll hire a nurse: Hillary looks away.
85) 4) dialog: (quiet) Thanks, CC, but I can do that myself. You'd better put those flowers in water before they die.
85) 8) dialog: (uninterested) Had what? cc walks over and sits down next to her, holding out the framed photograph. cc This picture of us from Atlantie City. Hillary glances at it, then looks back out the window.
85) 9) dialog: (uninterested) Victoria found it in a box. Silence as-CC studies the photograph, in torment. ce (sudden, nervous) You know, once I finish the album I'm free for a few weeks until rehearsals start for the new show.
85) 10) dialog: (remmte) That's nice. Pause. ec (sudden, tense) Maybe I could go to the Cape with you instead of a nurse. Hillary keeps her face turned away, but her eyes fill with tears.
85) 11) dialog: (soft, even) Thanks, CC. I'd like that. CC gives her a shakey smile. ec Hey. We're friends, aren't we?
86) 0) text: As Hillary, CC and Victoria, who is carrying a cat carryi case, walk to Hillary's car, which is packed to bursting point with things for the country, CC holds Hillary's arm protectively. . 103. ee (nervous) I set the alarm on your wristwatch so you know when to take your pills and... (frantic) Are you okay?:
86) 1) dialog: Yes. Why? ce You made a noise.
86) 2) dialog: I did not make a noise. ce I heard you make a noise.
86) 3) dialog: I did not make a noise and what are you doing?: CC is practically picking Hillary up to put her in the front seat of the car. : ec : Helping you into the car.
86) 4) dialog: (tried patience) That's very kind of you, CC, but I still have the use of my legs. As CC walks around to the driver's side in a huff. > cc I was just being helpful.
86) 5) dialog: (climbing into car, to Victoria) Get in the car, Victoria. Victoria stands on the sidewalk looking at her with out- rage.
86) 7) dialog: I know, but CC's driving so you have to get in the ck. 104. victoria glances at CC with resentment, then: ‘VICTORIA Will you sit in the back with me?
87) 0) text: As the car pulls away from the curb, Victoria suddenly moves forward, squeezes her body into the space between the two front seats and puts her hand on top of Hillary's head. .
87) 2) dialog: (tight) I can't go swimming. (bright) But CC will, won't you, CC?
87) 4) dialog: (sudden, tense) That's not very comfortable, dear.
87) 6) dialog: Riding in the car with your hand on my head. victoria hesitates, then pulls her hand away, drops back into her seat and looks out the window unhappily. 105.
89) 0) text: Ashen-faced and almost whimpering, CC takes a vial of medicine from the refrigerator and fills a needle. Hillary leans against the counter next to her. CC turns to Hillary with the needle and freezes with fear.” They stare at each other, then Hillary takes the needle from her and awkwardly injects herself in the arm. CC sinks into a chair and takes deep breaths, trying to keep from fainting.
90) 0) text: Hillary sits on a low beach chair under an umbrella wear- ing a sunhat, sweater and a blanket over her legs, readin a book. Wearing a bathing suit and still wet from a swim, victoria sits next to har on the blanket. She is looking at Hillary's hands carefully.
90) 2) dialog: {slight smile) You're right, we do. We have exactly the same hands.
91) 0) text: Wearing a nightgown, Hillary is pulling a large, card- board box down from the shelf, slightly out of breath. The room is littered with boxes, some torn open and spill ing contents. Letters and photographs litter the floor. An urgent look on her face, Hillary drops the box to the floor and rips the top open. She starts rummaging fran- tically around inside, looking for something, tossing things to the floor impatiently. A moment passes, then CC appears in the doorway, rubbing her eyes, suntanned and wearing a huge t-shirt. ce What are you doing...? It's three in the morning... Hillary darts her a haunted look as she rummages in the b
91) 1) dialog: Looking for a picture: Cc walks further into the room, more alert. ec Are you crazy?! You're not supposed to be lifting things and..
91) 2) dialog: (cutting in, hysterical) I don't care: It's a pic- ture of my mother and I have to find it: She suddenly stops and slowly looks around the room at th things strewn on the floor.
91) 3) dialog: (soft, frightened) I couldn't remember her hands. She suddenly sits heavily on the bed and puts her hands over her face. -
91) 4) dialog: (desperate) I'm so scared, CC? I'm just so scared: CC watches helplessly as Hillary rocks back and forth 108. Slightly, her face covered. CC suddenly kneels down and starts going through the photographs. As she empties another box onto the floor, Hillary finally lowers her hands from her face and takes a deep breath. She wetches Cc for a moment, then kneels down next to her and without a word also starts to go through the photographs. They work side by side in silence, then CC finally holds out a picture to her, , ce Is this it..? Hillary takes it and stares at it.
91) 5) dialog: (quiet) Yes, it is. Thank you.
92) 2) dialog: What?
92) 4) dialog: Well, pick it up!
93) 0) text: Filled with wildflowers, bordered by a stream and woods and the sea visible in the distance, it is an idyllic spo Hillary and Victoria are on the blanket playing a board game.while CC unloads a picnic basket. ce Egg salad for you, Hill?
93) 1) dialog: Yes, please. Victoria snatches the sandwhich from CC.
93) 5) dialog: What difference does it make? You like egg salad so take mine. Victoria and CC ignore her, fully engaged in battle now, cc You dia too: You said chicken salad on wheat: 110.
93) 7) dialog: (shrieking) I can't take this anymore: I've had enough of this endless bickering and... She suddenly puts her hand to her chest and. leans her weight against Victoria as she slowly sinks to her knees on the blanket, a terrified expression on her face.
93) 8) dialog: . _ (soft, gasping) My chest hurts...I can't breathe...it's bad, CC... CC stares at her, then suddenly grabs her purse and rips the keys out. ce (to Victoria) Can you start a car?: Victoria neds, her eyes wide with fear and shock, and CC throws the keys at her. ce Do it: (embracing Hillary) Try to stand up. I can't earry you. As Victoria runs to the car,. jumps in and starts it, CC half-drags Hillary to the car, helps her into the back seat, then slides into the front, shoving Victoria to the side. The car skids along the dirt track as CC pulls the door shut.
94) 0) text: As the car pulls onto the road and takes off, victoria lll. climbs into the back and puts her arms around her mother, Crying. Hillary is breathing with great diffi- culty and_locks as if she is in great pain.
98) 0) text: Hillary sits in a chair watching CC and Victoria on the beach. Their voices drift tinnily up from the water's edge.
98) 4) dialog: (reading, grim) . Tell whoever it is I'm not here, 114. A moment passes, then CC walks in from the hallway wearin a bathing suit and carrying a towel, suntan lotion and ma azines. cc (tense smile) . You make me say that to everyone. Your friends will think I'm holding you prisoner.
98) 5) dialog: (reading) I don't care what they think. We can hear children playing outside. CC stares at her for a moment, then heads for the door. Just as she reache it, she turns back. cc We're going down to the dock to buy steamers later. Want to come?
98) 6) dialog: (reading, sharp) You know I can't walk that far. ec I'll drive.
98) 7) dialog: (reading) I'd rather not. cc ‘(belligerent) Okay, then why don't you get dressed and sit out- side on the beach with us.
98) 8) dialog: (cold) T‘m happy here. cc (gram) It's a beaut:fu1 day.
98) 9) dialog: I don't care, ce (explediag) Okay, stay in: But will 115. cc fcont'd.) you at least get dressed?: You haven't been out of that nightgown for over a week:
98) 10) dialog: (throwing down book, furious) So what?: Who the hell are you?, The clothes police?: (getting up) Just leave me alone, okay? That's all I want: To be left fucking alone: Breathing harshly, she walks out of the room. A moment later, we hear her bedroom door slam shut. CC hesitates, then goes after her.
99) 0) text: Hillary sits in a chair by the window staring out at tne sea, her face. expressionless. There is a knock on the door, but she doesn't respond. A second later, CC walxs into the room. cc Listen, Hill, I'm sorry I blew up like that. = know how hard this is for..
99) 1) dialog: (shrieking) No, you don't: (spinning around, hard) : You don't know what this i: like at all: My chances of seeing my child grow up are next to nothing: My chances of living a normal life have vanished: My chances of even living a few more years aren't worth more than a two dollar bet! Don't say you know what that's like because you don't! You're still in the land of the living: ce (shouting) So are you! They stare at each other. 116. ce (fierce) You're not dead yet, Hillary, go stop living as if you are: cc slams out of the room. Hillary stares at ‘the door, showing no traces of emotion, then turns and looks back out the window.
100) 6) dialog: Hi, puss, She darts CC a sheepish smile, then looks back at Victori as she walks out onto the porch.
100) 7) dialog: I thought I'd help with dinner. What can I do?
100) 10) dialog: Sure. As Victoria happily starts braiding her mother's hair, cc's and Hillary's eyes meet for a moment. Hillary's glance is a thank you.
101) 2) dialog: Why are you smiling..? ce Do you remember that | Christmas we spent in the loft? ~
101) 4) dialog: What Christmas carols? oc What Christmas carols?: The ones you forced me to sing every night.
101) 5) dialog: t didn't force you: You loved te ec By the time we hit Good King Wenceslaus for the fifth time I was ready for a draino cocktail: 119.
101) 6) dialog: Gin and game, as usual. : (smug) You will never beat me at cards. cc gives her a look as she gets up, tosses down her ecards and grabs her bathing cap.
101) 7) dialog: You make things up as you go along, you know? cc (putting on cap) No, I don't, so you had better be very nice to me. (threatening) I know everytnang there is to know about you, my friend, arm my memory is long. My memory is very, very long. As CC turns and heads for the water, all traces of play- fulness vanish from Hillary's face. She watches CC go with a far-away look in her eyes.
101) 8) dialog: (soft murmur} I know. I'm counting on it.
101) 10) dialog: (exasperated V.0.) Have you lost your mind?: What is all this stuff?!
102) 0) text: The sky outside is very grey. Two overflowing suitcases are open on Victoria's bed. As Victoria tosses the cal- endar page into the trash next to her desk and walks over to the bed, Hillary turns to her with despair. She is dressed casually in a large sweater ané tights and althou she is still beautiful, her looks are beginning to show s ef chronic ill-health - dark carcles around the eyes, dee pallor, ete. °
102) 2) dialog: {sorting through bag) You're going to New York for two days in December: (holding up bikini) Why are you bringing this?:
102) 4) dialog: (holding up tennis racket) And this?:
102) 6) dialog: Not this weekend. She's giv- ing a concert at Carnegie Hall. Hillary overturns one of the suitcases onto the bed and drops it to the floor.
102) 7) dialog: Get my brown carry-on bag -. €rom the hall closet. That's Bll you're taking.
102) 9) text: No buts. Get it. As Victoria turns to leave, Hillary suddenly stops and stares out the window, her face lighting up like a child'
102) 10) dialog: Oh, Victoria, look: It's snowing: They quickly walk to the window and look out at the snow, which is beginning to fall heavily.
102) 11) dialog: (soft) I love the first snow. She suddenly turns, propelling Victoria to the door as she rushes back to the bed. 121.
102) 12) dialog: Get going: The taxi will be here in less than five minutes: Victoria flies out of the room and we hear her banging around in the hallway. Hillary looks at the mess on the bed, then starts sorting through it. She laughs slightly as she pulls a pair of hiking boots out of the pile, then she suddenly stiffens, &@ strange, startled look on her face. She drops the boots and reaches out for the bedpost knocking most of the clothes to the floor in the process, clings to the bedpost for a moment, then slowly begins to slide to the floor, gasping for air as she fails.
102) 13) dialog: (choked cry) Victoria... Victoria appears in the doorway clutching a suitcase. She stops and stares at her mother with stunned horror as Hil hits the floor, then she drops the bag and races over to
106) 0) text: ec . (soft, anxious) Hill..? It's me... No response. CAMERA MOVES WITH CC as she rounds the botto of the bed and comes up the other side to see Hillary's f more clearly. Hillary's eyes are closed and she looks utterly peaceful. cc Hill...? She suddenly stops and stares, then her fingers go limp 123. and the flowers slide out of her hand to the floor. ce (soft, stunned) Oh, Hill... A NURSE has walked up to the entrance to the cubicle.
109) 0) text: Hillary, as a child, quickly locks back over hex shoulder as she moves away. 128.
109) 1) dialog: (bright, excited) Be sure to keep in touch, cc, okay?! cc, as a child, stares after her as she vanishes. ec (soft) Well, sure...we're friends, aren't we...?