16) 0) text: CC walks past a couple of doors in the dark, seedy corri- dor, the muzzle sitting on her head, checking apartment numbers. She stops in front of a door and rings the bell, then slips the muzzle on her face. Inside we hear a coupl of crashes, a number of locks being undone and the door i finally pulled open by JOHN CHASE, an extremely attractiv intense-looking man in his early thirties who looks as if he just woke up from a sound sleep after a very late nigh He is barefoot and wearing hastily pulled on jeans and t- shirt. She smiles brightly. cc Good morning: TI have a birthday message for you from your darling bunny girl Barbara: .
16) 1) dialog: . (@azed, horrified) My what..? ce ’ I don't make the stuff . up, pal. I just deliver it. (singing) Happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday darling bunny boy . happy birthday to you. Without a second's hesitation, she begins to sing “CRAZY BE CALLS ME.“ John listens, transfixed by her lovely voic then when she finishes he leans against the wall.
16) 2) dialog: You have a great voice. CC smiles flirtateously as she removes the bunny muzzle. ec Do you really think so? (light laugh) Of course I'm not the type to believe flattery, but some critics have even call- ed me a genius. 28.
16) 3) dialog: (amused) Oh, I see. You're a pro. ce (grand) My last engagement was in a divine little supper club in mid-town called The Dew Drop Inn.
16) 4) dialog: (taken aback) The what? cc (quick) Never mind. (holding out hand, flirtaeous smile) cc Bloom.
16) 5) dialog: (shaking it) John Chase. So, CC Bloom, where are you appearing now? ec (evasive) I'm in between club dates. I'm at a turning point in my career, you know? And I have to be very, very selec- tive. There is an awkward pause.
16) 6) dialog: Well. Nice meeting you, CC. CC looks at him with a slightly desperate look on her fac wanting to prolong the moment. ce “ Yeah...nice meeting you... She hesitates, then with a little, reluctant wave turns and starts walking away, trying to think of some reason to turn back. John is watching her with a thoughtful expression on his face.
16) 7) dialog: (sudden) Wait a minute. cc (turning, excited) I'm free tonight and all weekend: 29. He ignores her remark as he walks over to her. She stares at She stares at
16) 8) dialog: Have you ever acted? ce (startled) No. . Why?
16) 9) dialog: I run a little repertory com- pany and we need someone with @ strong voice. Interested in auditioning? ce (shrugging), Well...I don't know...what 's the name of the company?
16) 10) dialog: The East Side Players. hin. cc Are you serious? The company that sends all those shows to Broadway? (he nods; astonished) Jesus. And you still live in a@ place like this? (sudden, panicky) Forget it. I'm just a singer, you know? JI don't know the first thing about...
16) 11) dialog: (impatient) You don't have to. You're ob- viously talented... ce (thrilled) You think so0..?
16) 12) dialog: You've got great natural tim- ing and you can learn the rest. Anyway, it's just an audition. All either one of us has to lose is a little time, him adoringly, falling in love. ec When? 39.
16) 13) dialog: Next Fraday at 3:00 sharp. cc (soft, thrilled) You know, the second I saw you in that doorway I had a feeling we would... At that moment, the street door opens and Hillary walks i
16) 16) dialog: An audition..?
16) 18) dialog: The way ,ou look...I just assumed...
16) 22) text: My loss. 31. ce (sudden, shrill) Isn't it time to get moving, dear?! Hillary quickly glances at her, ther looks back at John as she starts edging out the door after CC,
16) 24) dialog: Very nice meeting you. The door bangs shut.
20) 2) dialog: (looking up) I know. I did the casting. ce I thought I'd have a bigger part.
20) 3) dialog: Not yet. ce But this isn't me.
20) 4) dialog: Act like it is. 34. ~~ : She stares at him, he stares back, then she walks ou the room with an exasperated, defeated sigh. He goes back to his bills.
22) 5) dialog: So. What do you think of the new play? Brilliant, isn't it? 37. ce (indifferent) Yeah. Revolutionary. What do I play? A piece of scenery?
22) 6) dialog: One of the two leads. She stares at him, then shakes her head, cc I'm sorry, but I couldn't possibly do that.
22) 7) dialog: (slight laugh) What? [a It's out of the question. He reaches across and takes her hands reassuringly.
22) 8) dialog: I promise you, CC. You ean't fail. ce (startled) Pail? Of course I can't fail. I know that. He drops her hands with irritation.
22) 9) dialog: Then what the hell is the problem? She leans toward him. cc (emotional, frightened) If I do that, everything will change. Forever. I know it. Right now I feel like I'm remembering me hav- ing this conversation with you. I don't want things to change that much. I don't want to leave things behind. It's lore ly. John stares at her, then stands up. 38.
22) 10) dialog: (disgusted) What a lot of self-in- dulgent crap. (teugh) You know the saying better lueky than good? You were born with the kind of talent that will always have some- place to go. That's very lucky. Don't ask me to feel sorry for you for being lucky. He turns and walks out of the restaurant. She watches him go with an anxious expression on her face, then looks down at the script as if it is going to attack her. She finally takes a deep breath and as she opens it to read ‘she suddenly blesses herself, then throwg up her hand in exasperation. ce (mutter) What are you doing?: You're a Jew: She nervousiy flips through the pages, pausing on one near the end. As she reads, she unconsciosly begins to hum a tune under her breath. It turns into:
24) 2) dialog: (cutting in, happy) Refills anyone? : Hillary quickly turns and smiles brilliantly at him.
24) 4) dialog: (to Hillary) You know, it's the strangest thing, but I can't shake the feeling that I know you well.
24) 5) text: I know, I feel the same way about you. I wonder why? 40. ec That's obvious: You must have met in a former life: (bitter laugh) I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that [ talk about both of you incessantly. John and Hillary look at her with puzzled frowns, then Jo turns back to Hillary.
24) 6) dialog: How's the campaign going?
24) 8) dialog: (intense) I really respect what you're doing, you know? It makes all this, the theater, art, seem trivial somehow. Having a deep social committment makes... CC suddenly shoves her glass in front of his face. ce (hard) Me thirsty: More cham- pagne, please. He looks. at her as if she is a wild animal as he refills her glass. At that moment, . an ACTOR appears, wearing his coat and carry- ing a great stack of newspapers.
24) 11) dialog: John Simon said it was fresh. (scattered laughter) He also made special men- tion of CC Bloom's perfor- mance, which he called promis- ing. (John lifts his glass) To a great playwright and a@ great company: Cheers, everyone drinks.
29) 0) text: CC and John are having lunch in the crowded restaurant. ce . I'm telling you, thi are changin ¥ For ne? “Some- body asked for my autograph:
29) 2) dialog: You were recognized by someone in the street?: cc Well, no, by the janitor who works in the theater but, believe me, he's a very picky guy. John'leoks away. They eat in silence for a moment, then:
29) 3) dialog: Any word? ce About what? He stares at her. She looks oat the window. cc (£lat) Her father took a turn for the worse. She has to stay in Boston Longer than ex- pected.
31) 0) text: It is dimly lit. She puts down the tray, glances anxiousl at the bed where we see a shadowy figure asleep under the covers, then sinks into a chair and goes back to the lett 45. ec (v.0.) Did I tell you? There's talk of taking the show to Broadway: I can't be- lieve it: All my dreams are coming true: Hillary looks up with a sad, lost face. INT, ‘THEATER - BACKSTAGE - NIGHT We can hear the audience out front as the orchestra plays the overture. CC emerges from her cubbyhole dressing room and starts walking toward the wings. John appears behind
31) 2) dialog: I called you about twenty times. ce Oh, yeah? How come? He stares at her, then laughs slightly in surprise and embarrassment.
31) 3) dialog: I guess I missed you. (they stare at : each other) Want to have dinner again after the show? ec (soft, thrilled) . Yeah. Sure. As she starts to walk away:
31) 4) dialog: By the way, any news? ec (flat, over shoulder) The funeral was yesterday. She has to stay a while longer to settle the estate with her father's lawyer. 46.
33) 0) text: First light filters in through the open windows along wit the occasional metallic crash from garbage being collecte A fan turns overhead and John is under a sheet, fast asle his arms around CC, who is wide awake and staring into sp She finally turns to him. cc dohn...?
33) 1) dialog: Mmmm... ec Last night. When we were making love. Did you say you loved me? Pause. John's eyes open.
33) 2) dialog: What? ce I thought I heard you say you loved me. Did you?
33) 3) dialog: Yes, cc Is that usual?
33) 5) dialog: What do you mean? ec Do you say it to everyone? Is it part of your routine?
33) 6) dialog: I don't have a routine and I haven't said it to anyone in ten years. ce (amazed) Is that true?
33) 7) dialog: (offended) I may be a womanizer, CC, I'm not a liar. She stares at him,then slowly begins to smile. cc (warm, happy) Oh, good, because I just had the most wonderful idea.
33) 8) dialog: (warm, happy) Oh, yeah? What's that?
34) 0) text: CC, looking ecstatic, is standing in front of a JUDGE, wearing @ thirties yachting suit and clutching a small bouquet. John, looking panicky, stands next to her dresse in a summer suit and tie. They are flanked by TWO WITNESS they dragged in off the street.
39) 2) dialog: Hillary. My God. (studying her) I haven't seen you since the night the play opened, have I..? As the memories flood back, Hillary blushes.
39) 4) dialog: (warm) You haven't changed. Still as beautiful as ever. As they move to embrace, CC suddenly steps between them, grabs John's arm and yanks him over to Michael, leaving Hillary off balance. 50. ce John! You haven't met Michael yet: Michael Hamilton, John Chase. As the two men shake hands, CC darts a worried lock at Hillary whose they stare at sweetly. Hillary looks eyes are already on CC. For a split-second each other with mistrust, then CC smiles ec So what do you think of the place, Hill? Not exactly the old loft on Green Street, is it? around the room cooly.
39) 10) dialog: The usual. Mounting new productions and sending them on to Broadway. The company's had a great year.
40) 2) dialog: (tense laugh) What is this, CC? The Spanish Inquisition? co (defensive) We haven't seen each other for awhile. I just want to know how she spends her time. Is that a crime? He gives her a warning look and she looks away with wound innocence.
40) 12) dialog: (v.02) Anybody home? cc (clipped) In here: , . 54. Without a word to each other, they pick up their cards and start arranging them with sharp snaps. John appears in the doorway and stops with surprise.
40) 13) dialog: You're still playing cards?: They start playing. ce Yes. She rapidly rearranges her cards and discards.
40) 14) dialog: You were playing when I left this morning: (silence) Want to stop and have a late lunch? ce Idon't. Hillary?
44) 0) text: The light is almost gone. They sit on the couch looking cut the windows at the park, the dog stretched out asleep on their laps. John has his arms around CC and it is ob- vious she has been crying for a long time. Pause, then: ec (sudden) If she hadn't gone back to Boston, would you have ended up with her instead of me?
44) 1) dialog: Would you believe me if I said no? cc (soft) No.
44) 2) dialog: Then why bother asking the question. Pause, ec (soft) What will I do without a best friend..?
44) 3) dialog: {comforting hug) You have me. She looks at him levingly, then looks back out at the par cc ° (low) It's not the same. They sit silently, holding each other, as the last light fades.
54) 0) text: A taxi pulls up to the curb in front of CC's building and she jumps out, wearing the same clothes and accompanied 67. by Arthur. Barely keeping her grip on a small suitcase, she struggles past the DOORMAN into the building, shoutin commands at the hysterical animal which it completely ig- nores,. INT. CC AND JOHN'S APARTMENT ~- DAY © We hear a key in the leck, then the door opens and CC is pulled in by the dog. She gratefully drops the suitcase to the floor. ce (happy shout) John: I'm back: Where . are you?: There is no answer as she releases the dog from the leash She straightens up and glances around anxiously as he run off down the hall, ec (soft, scared) John..? Silence. CAMERA FOLLOWING she walks down the hall and tur into his study. Pictures have been removed from the walls and shoved clumsily into boxes, along with books, scripts ete.
56) 0) text: The place is empty. CC walks down the hall to John's offi
57) 0) text: CC stops in the doorway. The room is empty, but a couple of open suitcases holding John's clothes sit on the couch She hears a noise in the main part of the theater.
58) 0) text: Holding a seript, John is moving some furniture around on @ set when CC bursts into the room, ce : (upset) I've been looking everywhere for you: 68. He tarns and looks at her calmly as she walks over to him
58) 1) dialog: I'm restaging the third \ act of Fly By Night. It’s too stiff. She stares at him, shaken by his cool composure, then wal over to him slowly. ce (nervous) How come you packed your things? , (small laugh) Not moving out, are you? JOnN Yes. I an. They stand staring at each other, then she sinks down onto the set couch. - ce (desperate) I was only kidding when I left: .I never meant to stay away for good! Waen she gets no response, her eyes begin to fill with te then with a deep sob she slowly lowers her face to her kn John quickly sits down next to her and gently strokes her hair as she cries, ce Why is this happening? He shrugs, very upset.
58) 2) dialog: We want different things out of life, that's all. ce But I lwe you.
58) 3) dialog: T know. I love you too. (slightly amazed) Do you realize I was ac~ tually faithful to you all this time? She straightens up. 69. ce (astonished) You're kidding. I always thought you were having affairs. They ponder this surprising bit of information for a mo- ment, then she looks at him. She stares cc (heartbroken) Then why is everything falling apart?
58) 4) dialog: Love's not enough. (leoking away) My idea of what's important and yours isn't the -same. (faint smile) Let's just say I'm not an uptown type. ce Big deal; We'll live down- town:
58) 6) dialog: (tough) I'm just more interested in other things - the work itself, discovering what's new, taking a chance on the unknown. (pause, quieter) Don't you get it? I don't want to go where you're go- ing. I'd just be along for the ride and that's not how I want to spend my life. at him, shaken by his words. 70. ce {small voice) Okay. I won't go.
58) 7) dialog: {faint smise) You're already gone, Cecilia. You're long gone. Her eyes fill with tears as they stare at each other. cc (heartbroken) Better lucky than good, huh..? John reaches out and gently moves her hair away from her face. .
58) 8) dialog: Yeah. Better lucky than good. They stare at each other, then they hold eacn other, rocking slightly, as she cries. She leans back to look at him. cc (small voice) Will you take Arthur...?
58) 9) dialog: (horrified) Are you out of your mind? They go back to holding each other. John's eyes have tears in them. CLOSE ON AN ALMOND JOY as a woman's hand rips it up from a make-up strewn counter and frantically tears the wrappe off.
70) 0) text: It is empty and dimly lit, the stage set for a performanc The door is pushed open and CC walks in. She glances arou cc Hello? Anybody here? No answer, She walks to the stage, mounts it and stands staring out at the empty seats for a moment, then there i a sound to her left and she turns. John Chase walks Slowl toward her from the wings.
70) 1) dialog: Hi, cc. . He stops next to her, She smiles nervously. ce You haven't changed.
70) 2) dialog: Neither have you. Pause. She stares at 88. (nervous) I couldn't believe it when my agent said it was your show that needed the replacement. Why me..?
70) 3) dialog: (casual shrug) I heard you weren't busy. ec (soft, dry) I bet.
70) 4) dialog: (straight) And you're the only person talented enough te play the part. Will you do it? Even though I'm directing? him, then amiles slightly. ce * (soft, grateful) Sure, I'll do it. (walking off stage, flippant) I mean, business is busi- ness, isn't it?
71) 1) dialog: Ten sharp. Want a taxi? cc No, I'll walk. (sudden, bright) How's your wife?
71) 4) dialog: A real terror. (sudden, tense) How are you, CC? In love with anybody? She stares at him, then shrugs lightly. 89. ec No. I try, but it never seems to work. But don't worry. (£lippant) I'll get over you yet. She turns and starts walking away.
84) 0) text: A large bouquet of roses sits in a vase on the telephone table. We hear a key in the lock, the door opens and CC walks in. The place is much more comfortable than when 100. she lived there with John. As she takes her coat off and drops it on a chair she walks over to the flowers and picks up the card with excitement. As she reads it the phone rings. She answers it. ec Hello? (delighted) Hillary: Just the person I was going to call? Guess what?: . (pause, irritated) Yes, I'm in love, but what do you mean is he married?: (pause, sharp) I am pot drawn to tortured affairs and yes, he's married but he doesn't Live with his wife he just takes his laundry home and what the hell's the matter with you?: