3) 14) dialog: (scream V.C.) cc! Where are you, CC?: ce (stubbing cut : cigarette) Shit. (yelling) Don't blew a gasket, Leona. I'm down here. A vulgar-looking FAT WOMAN in her forties appears at the top of the steps.
3) 15) dialog: Thank God: When I couldn't find you in your dressing room I thought you were dead: cc You watch too many movies, Leona.
3) 16) dialog: We have to get back to the theater right away: There's a Hollywood talent scout who wants to: see your act: Cc stares at her. ec Is this your idea of a sick joke?
3) 17) dialog: No! He caught the midnight show last night and he's erazy about you: He‘s looking for a kid to star in a movie: cc is suddenly taking the steps two at atime. She pauses to look over her shoulder at Hillary. ec Well, don't just stand there! C'mon: This is my break into the big time: Hillary hesitates for a split-second, then races after CC
4) 0) text: As the two girls rapidly pass Leona in the direction of the theater:
4) 1) dialog: And how many times do I have to tell you not to wear your costumes on the beach?! I'm not made of money, you know: cc Get off my back, Leona:
4) 6) dialog: It was, sweetie, but Mrs. Lewandowski found out and... cc. (voice rising) She found out from you, didn't she?: You were bragging again, weren't you, Leona?: During this,, a perfectly beautiful little GIRL is led on stage by her driven MOTHER. Before Leona can reply:
4) 11) text: A cigar from Mr. Melman?: Why?: ‘HILLARY Why else? To calm her nerves. CC stares at her, then slides along the wall to the floor puts her face in her hands and breaks into soft, broken laughter. Leona watches her anxiously, then:
4) 12) dialog: Listen, sweetie, what do you say we pack it in and go back to the Bronx? You could hang out with the other kids at the pool and we could see Daddy. Wouldn't that be nice, Ceece? Don't you want to go home, baby? Pause, then CC slowly lifts her head with exhaustion. ce (soft, lost) Okay, Leona. Let's go home. Leona grabs the cigar from Hillary, takes a deep drag and exhales loudly with relief.
6) 0) text: Two years older, dressed in black and looking as if she 14. has been crying, Hillary stands next to the closed street door, reading a letter. As she reads, we hear: ce (v.0.) Leona won't let me go to Julliard, so I have to keep taking dancing lessors from Miss Jean Kayton, the freaky fat vaudeville star. Her studio's in the cellar, which means you only graduate when you're tall enough to hit your hea on the ceiling. What's a genius like me doing in a place like this?; By the way, I'm sorry your mother's sick. Is she better? At that moment, the door to the street is abruptly pulled open. A handsome man in his forties, also dressed in blac and looking shattered, stands under an umbrella on the st At the curb, we see a coffin being slipped into the back a hearse, which is surrounded by a group of MOURNERS unde umbrellas. Hillary stares at the vision with a stunned frightened face, then care fully folds CC‘s letter and pu it into her pocket, takes her father's hand and walks out into the rain. ,
53) 0) text: FOUR WOMEN are sitting around a table under an umbrella playing backgammon. One of them is Leona, who is fatter and more horribly dressed than ever. CC appears behind her, stumbling along through the maze of tables. While Leona shakes the dice, the woman next to her catches sigh of cc.
53) 3) dialog: (shrieking) It's my daughter the Broad- way star! She starts running toward CC, which is not an easy task for a woman her size, arms thrown out and still screaming CC suddenly freezes and looks as if she is about to turn and run in the opposite direction, but Leona reaches her before she can move and throws her arms around CC.
53) 4) dialog: (hysterical) I can't believe it's you! I can't believe you're here: It's like a gift from God: A dream come true: 65. CC gently struggles out of her death grip. cc I just saw you a month ago in New York, Leona.
53) 5) dialog: (somber) At my age a month means a lot. It could be all I have. (excited) Is he with you? cc Who?
53) 6) dialog: Who?, Who else: The man of my dreams, that handsome hus- band of yours, adorable John: Where is he? cc I left hin. Leona stares at her in shock, then shakes her head in des pair.
53) 7) dialog: I don't believe it. Af- ter only three years.. (sad sigh) Why'd you walk, sweetie? Was it another woman. .? CC looks away, fighting back tears, obviously very upset. ce No, it's more complicated than that..
53) 8) dialog: (kind) Teil me, honey, get it off your chest. Did he smack you around? cc No! (leoking away, upset) Something just died between us, that's all...he used to care about what happened to me and..I don't know. he just stopped paying attention to me.
53) 10) text: Leona stares at her, then turns and starts waddling back to the table, laughing softly to herself. CC goes after her. ec (disturbed) Why are you laughing, Leona?
53) 11) dialog: Never mind. I'11 get my purse and we'll go upstairs to the apartment. ce (frantic) Tell me why you're laughing: Wny did you laugh when I said that?: Leona turns to look at her with a sigh.
53) 12) dialog: Honey, why do you think I'm living in Florida? cc You like the sun.
53) 13) dialog: I don't give a shit about the sun. I'm here because it's peaceful. (kind) You want too much attention, cC. You want so much atten- tion all the time from every- body that you wear people out. You wore me and your father out by the time you were fifteen. I love you, but sometimes I just can't pay any more attention to you, do you know what I mean? I want to, but I just can't do it. (deep sigh) If I were you I wouldn't leave anybody for not paying attention to you because sooner or later you'll have to leave everybody. cc stands staring after Leona with a frightened expressio on her face as Leona walks back to the table.