36) 0) text: CLOSE ON HILLARY'S FACE AT EXACTLY THE SAME ANGLE. She is staring up at something with a strange intensity, complet ly lost in her own thoughts. CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS BACK to take in the heavy traffic, the CROWDS and finally an enor mous billboard showing CC as her character in the show fr the East Side Theater, which has moved to Broadway, It is SRO. People shove past her, knocking her about a bit, but she is oblivious to everything but the billboard and her thoughts. She is dressed very conservatively. Her husband, MICHAEL HAMILTON, a handsome man in his early thirties, also very conservatively dressed, is standing next to a taxi with the door open.
36) 1) dialog: Hillary: (no response) Hillary, wake up: I've got a taxi: 48. She comes to with a jolt.
37) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS THE TAXI as it cruises through traffic and finally pulls to a halt in front of an old, elegant build ing. Hillary and Michael climb out of the cab and enter the building. She takes in her surroundings with a tense, guarded lock on her face.
38) 0) text: The place has clearly been put together by a decorator and although tasteful it has a sterile quality to it. Everything is overdone, expensive and new. Wearing a very trendy designer outfit, CC is attempting to beat bac a violently lunging, very large, great dane puppy with a newspaper as she, Michael and Hillary edge their way towa the living room.
39) 0) text: CC spins around with a brilliant smile on her face. 49. cc Welcome a chez nous: Michael has walked over to the windows ‘overlooking the park as he takes off his coat.
39) 1) dialog: What a view of the city. Spectacular. cc (bragging) Ours is the only apartment with that view from every « window. aturally, we pay through the nose, but it's worth every penny. (dramatic) I couldn't bear that downtown squalor another minute. Hillary is looking at her with narrowed eyes, but before she can speak John darts into the room and quickly slams the door shut behind him. There is another shuddering cra as the dog's body hits the wood. Hillary turns toward him with excitement. Jonn: = ¥ John quickly turns and his face lights up with pleasure as he walks over to her. CC is watching them like a hawk.
39) 8) dialog: It's a little hard to have a@ corporate lawyer and a liberal politician in the game household. (pleasant laugh) Someone has to do the enter- taining. Hillary quickly looks at John.
40) 5) dialog: (helpful) Don't forget your horticul- ture classes. him an irritated look. cc (soft) Horticulture classes..?
42) 0) text: Hillary and Michael sit side by side as the plane levels off after take-off. He is working on a file and she is calmly reading a magazine. When the seat belt light snaps off she calmly undoes her belt and gets up.
46) 0) text: Dressed for work, Michael is at the table finishing up breakfast. Hillary walks in and sits down, still reading the paper, then as Michael gets up and starts gathering his things together to leave: :
46) 2) dialog: (distant) I doubt it. I'm swamped with work, (forced interest) Wnat are you doing today? .
46) 4) dialog: A wrench? Why? She looks at him.
46) 8) dialog: (calling v.0.) Hillary?: She turns the sound down guiltily and rushes out of the r
46) 10) dialog: (amazed) Are you watching television?
46) 12) dialog: Our guests are getting ready to leave.
48) 0) text: Michael is stretched out cn the couch watching the tennis matches at Wimbledon when Hillary appears in the doorway.
49) 0) text: They try to make love with as much enthusiasm as two piec of wood. Michael falls away from her.
49) 1) dialog: Iocan't. I'm sorry, but I just can't. They both stare at the ceiling for a moment.
49) 2) dialog: Mind if I go back to Wimbledon? She shakes her head ‘no.' He is out of bed, into a robe and out the door like a shot. She remains in bed, staring at the ceiling. CLOSE ON A PORTRAIT OF CC in the Sunday New York Times Magazine section for June, 1976. It is part of an inter- view. The magazine section is strewn on top of a pile of Sunday papers, a straw hat, a cluster of wild flowers, small overnight bag complete with umbrella, tennis racket and shoes - the accoutrements of a weekend in the country All this is tossed onto the seat of a moving car. PULL BA