75) 5) dialog: Nothing:
75) 7) dialog: I was just looking for my jacket; As she starts out of the room, she pauses in front of a wall calendar and crosses off the day, like all the days fore it, with a large, careful black “x", The calendar is for June 1987. Written across the bottom of the month, in large black letters, is "NO MORE SCHOOL?" Victoria fli out of the room.
76) 0) text: Tne front door is open and Hillary is wating in it. She i 94. wearing @ suit and holding a briefcase and in middle-age is as beautiful as ever, however, her face is drawn and tired. Victoria runs noisily down the steps, then as she heads for the door she suddenly Sweeps a cat up from a ch into her arms. :
76) 1) dialog: (hugging cat, waltzing to door, singing) Pouncer, Pouncer the wonder cat I'm so glad you're not a rat or a bat or too fat...
77) 0) text: As Hillary and Victoria talk, the car approaches a school attached to the Episcopal Church, which is surrounded by a sea of babbling children in uniforms. Hillary is slight short of breath and very pale.
77) 2) dialog: But I thought she could stay the whole month: I already told her. : Hillary stops the car at the curb.
77) 4) dialog: But who will I play with..? 95.
77) 8) dialog: (slamming door) You're always tired. Hillary watches her run off into the sea of children, cal ing her friends’ names, then takes a deep breath and driv away.
79) 0) text: Wearing her uniform and carrying her bookbag, Victoria approaches a room with an anxious look on her face. She pauses at the open door md looks inside. Hillary is sleeping peacefully in the bed, her breathing: normal. Sh is hooked up to a variety co machines which monitor her v tal signs.
79) 4) dialog: Aunt Vesta's talking to the doctor. (pause, scared) Are you okay?
79) 6) dialog: What's wrong with you?
79) 8) dialog: (puzzled) In your heart..?
79) 10) dialog: I heard the doctor say it - to Aunt Vesta. Hillary stares at her, then looks away,
86) 0) text: As Hillary, CC and Victoria, who is carrying a cat carryi case, walk to Hillary's car, which is packed to bursting point with things for the country, CC holds Hillary's arm protectively. . 103. ee (nervous) I set the alarm on your wristwatch so you know when to take your pills and... (frantic) Are you okay?:
86) 6) dialog: But I always sit in front with you:
87) 0) text: As the car pulls away from the curb, Victoria suddenly moves forward, squeezes her body into the space between the two front seats and puts her hand on top of Hillary's head. .
87) 1) dialog: When we get there will you go swimming with me, Mom?
87) 3) dialog: (sullen) Never mind. I'11 go by myself. ec (stung, childish) Be my guest: Who said I wanted to swim anyway: They sink into a silence.
87) 5) dialog: What?
88) 5) dialog: That doesn't go there. Victoria moves it to the left side of the porch. cc (brittle smile) Thank you, dear. As they go back to unpacking the car:
88) 6) dialog: (sudden) Are you staying all summer? ce It looks like it.
88) 8) dialog: (sharp) Why? CC gives her a glance as she pots a deck chair in the sand near the porch. cc To help your mother.
88) 9) dialog: (upset) She doesn't need you to help her, she has me: (in tears) And the chair doesn't go there, it goes on the porch: She rips up the chair, runs up the steps, slams it down on the porch and races into the house.
90) 0) text: Hillary sits on a low beach chair under an umbrella wear- ing a sunhat, sweater and a blanket over her legs, readin a book. Wearing a bathing suit and still wet from a swim, victoria sits next to har on the blanket. She is looking at Hillary's hands carefully.
90) 1) dialog: (sudden) We have the same hands don't we, Mom? Hillary looks at her with mild surprise, Victoria holds up her hand and Hillary raises hers next to it.
92) 0) text: In her nightgown, Victoria comes out of her room and walks to the bathroom, which is still steamy. She stops in the doorway. A wet towel is on the floor.
92) 1) dialog: Mom?! (sharp cry) A second later, Hillary's bedroom door opens and she step into the hall, wearing a robe and looking very tired.
92) 3) dialog: (outraged) CC*s towel is on the floor! Hillary looks at her as if she is insane.
92) 5) dialog: (priggish) If I leave my towel on the floor you alwaya make me pick it up myself, Before Hillary can respond, CC's door slams open and she stalks out. Without a word, she brushes past Victoria, tips the towél up, folds it and hangs it on the rack. ce {acid smile) Happy, dear?! 109. She stalks back into her room and slams the door. victoria enters the bathroom and also slams the door. Hillary rests her head against the doorframe with a groan She looks very ill.
93) 0) text: Filled with wildflowers, bordered by a stream and woods and the sea visible in the distance, it is an idyllic spo Hillary and Victoria are on the blanket playing a board game.while CC unloads a picnic basket. ce Egg salad for you, Hill?
93) 2) dialog: I'll give it to her. They glare at each other, then as Victoria hands the sandwhich to her mother, CC pulls another one out of the basket. ce (hard) . Here's your chicken sal- ad, Victoria, dear. Victoria looks at her.
93) 3) dialog: But I don't like chicken salad. cc (grim) When I asked you what you wanted you said chicken salad,
93) 4) dialog: I did not.
93) 6) dialog: I didn't! I just said chic- ken on wheat: (petulant) I don't like it when it's chopped up. cc (exploding) What the hell difference does that make?! Chicken's chicken, mayo's mayo... Hillary is on her feet.
94) 0) text: As the car pulls onto the road and takes off, victoria lll. climbs into the back and puts her arms around her mother, Crying. Hillary is breathing with great diffi- culty and_locks as if she is in great pain.
95) 0) text: Victoria sits alone, looking very young and very lost. A moment passes, then CC appears in the doorway looking ex- hausted. ec She's fine, Victoria.
95) 1) dialog: Can I see her..? cc The doctor said: tomorrow. She's sleeping now. They stare at each other, then CC suddenly holds out her hand. cc Let's go home. Victoria hesitates for a moment, then gets up and slowly walks over to her. She pauses, then:
95) 2) dialog: (soft) I'm sorry. ec I know. So am If. (faint smile) You're like me. You get mean when you're scared. Victoria stares at her, then with a small sigh slips her hand into CC's outstretched one with relief and trust.
96) 0) text: As CC and Victoria walk down the hall hanc in hand, Vic- toria suddenly looks at her. :
96) 1) dialog: Is my mother going to die? CC quickly looks at her, then smiles reassuringly. ce What are you talking about? She's sick because her medi- 112. ce (cont'd.) cation's not right, that's all! She'll be home in a couple of days: Victoria looks away with relief. As they exit the build- ing, CC is fighting back tears.
97) 0) text: Wearing sweaters, their pants rolled up, CC and Victoria are clamming. SEVERAL OTHER PEOPLE are doing the same thing a short distance away.
97) 1) dialog: (excited, embarr- assed laugh) I can't do that: - cc Why not? You think you'll get arrested? Victoria glances at the other people with a shy laugh.
97) 2) dialog: Those people will see me: ec So what? We're not asking them to pay, are we? C'mon. She suddenly straightens up, sandy hands clutching clams. cc (singing) First you put your two knees close up tight... (stern) I seem to be the only one singing: Victoria glances at the people with an excited laugh, the looks back at CC with bright eyes. She shyly starts sins~ ing along with her, copying her movements.
98) 0) text: Hillary sits in a chair watching CC and Victoria on the beach. Their voices drift tinnily up from the water's edge.
100) 0) text: CC and Victoria are sitting on the steps snapping beans while they watch CC give an interview to a smarmy, over~ dressed WOMAN interviewer on a amall television which is propped in the open kitchen window. CC watches with an anxious"expression on her face. Victoria is fascinated.
100) 3) dialog: (matter) I don't know... c¢ turns to look at her. ce Please. I want the truth. Victoria leoks up with a shrug.
100) 4) dialog: You sounded dumb. CC's eyes become narrow and flinty as she snaps the t.v. off with a hard twist. ec (sharp) Yeah, well, I gave that interview last year and you have a lot to learn, you know? Giving inter- views isn't...
100) 5) dialog: Mom: She is looking past CC with a happy smile. CC quickly turns to see Hillary standing shyly in the doorway, dress in casual clothes, her hair washed and shining, a little make-up on her face.
100) 8) dialog: Beans: Sit here: cc watches Hillary as she walks over and takes Victoria’ seat on the steps, then as she starts snapping beans CC goes back to her seat on the steps and does the same.
100) 9) dialog: Can I make braids?
102) 0) text: The sky outside is very grey. Two overflowing suitcases are open on Victoria's bed. As Victoria tosses the cal- endar page into the trash next to her desk and walks over to the bed, Hillary turns to her with despair. She is dressed casually in a large sweater ané tights and althou she is still beautiful, her looks are beginning to show s ef chronic ill-health - dark carcles around the eyes, dee pallor, ete. °
102) 1) dialog: My clothes. . 120.
102) 3) dialog: You never know what might come up.
102) 5) dialog: I told CC I'd teach her how to play.
102) 8) dialog: But..
102) 9) text: No buts. Get it. As Victoria turns to leave, Hillary suddenly stops and stares out the window, her face lighting up like a child'
102) 14) dialog: , (terrified cry) Mom?. Hillary has lapsed into unconsciousness. Victoria sits on the floor next to her and lifts her head into her lap, sobbing with terror, rocking back and forth.
102) 15) dialog: (erying, frantic) Please get up, Mom, please, I don't know what to do, please get up, oh please get up.
107) 0) text: A tray of untouched food sits on the bedside table. Fully dressed in the clothes she wore to the cemetary, Victoria is stretched out on the bed, face down, completely cried 124. out. One arm is wrapped tightly around her cat. A moment passes and there is a knock on the door. She doesn move. A second later, the door opens and cC walks in. She looks at Victoria in silence for a moment, then walks over and sits on the edge of the bed. She reaches out and touches Victoria's coat. cc (soft) That's wet. If you don't take it off, you'll get a cold. Silence. CC looks away, at a loss, then looks back. ec Iwas just going through your mother's papers, (silence) It's amazing..I found letters I wrote to her over thirty years ago... (pause) I couldn't believe it. She saved every single one. Silence. CC takes a deep breath. ec In her will she said she wanted you to live with me. Pause, then Victoria finally turns to look at her, her eyes red and swollen from erying. CC reaches out and brushes her hair away from her face. cc (soft, kind) You don't have to do it if you don't want to. Your Aunt Vesta wants you, every body wants you. Victoria stares at her.
107) 1) dialog: (lew) Can't I live here, in my house? Pause. ce (soft) No. 125. Victoria looks away. Silence.
107) 2) dialog: (sudden, low) Does my father know she died..? cc stiffens with surprise. ce I don't know. (cautious) I thought you didn't see him.
107) 3) dialog: (lew) I know who he is. I saw him in the street twice. cc. (anxious to please) I could call him if you want.
107) 4) dialog: . (quick) No. cc {soft} Yeah, well, maybe someday.. (sighing) If you want to stay in Bos- ton, Victoria, I'11 under- stand... (looking away, at a loss) I mean, I don't know what kind of mother I'd make, You wouldn't want to know what goes on inside my hea sometimes...and I'm very sel- fish, you know..? (soft, stunned) I don't know what she was thinking of when she picked me..
107) 5) text: (quick, reassuring) Not that I don't want to do it! There's nothing I want to do more than be with you: Pause, Victoria slowly turns to look at her again.
107) 6) dialog: (low) If I go with you, can Tt 126. VICTORIA (cont'd.) bring my cat...? . CC looks away as her eyes fill with tears. ce (low) Oh, my God, of course you can bring your cat. You can bring anything you want.
108) 0) text: Most of her things are carefully packed away in boxes. She is sitting in a small chair looking around the room with wide, frightened eyes, wearing her coat, hat and boots. Through the window we can see that the street is covered by a deep layer of snow, the parked cars are half-buried and more snow is falling. Her eat is curled u in her lap. A moment passes, then: ec (v.0. from down- stairs) It's time to go, Victoria. Victoria case, t up the case itates, then gets up, puts the cat in ‘his one last, hungry look around her room, picks and a small suitcase and walks out.
108) 5) dialog: Yes. ec . (bright) Iwas sitting under the boardwalk smoking a cigar~ ette... vietoria looks at her with interest for the first time.
108) 6) dialog: Mom didn't tell me that. You amoked when you were my age?: cc Yeah. I quit when I was twelve. Anyway, I just finished doing the matinee at the Tony Grant Kiddie Show... CAMERA STOPS FOLLOWING. As they walk on through the snowy street their figures grow smaller, their voices indistinc ec What song was I singing then...oh, I remember: My Mama number.
108) 7) dialog: What was that? cc : . (laughing, singing) ‘ You gotta see Mama every night or you can't see Mama at all... Victoria says something to her, but we can't hear it. cC says something else and Victoria laughs slightly, almost against her will. As they walk on, now deep in conversation: