14) 1) dialog: Sixteen incoming ships, ma’am. We have permits for nine of them, Usual raw materials, cargo. Seven unaccounted for. Rhodes watches the screen. Small ships incoming.
14) 3) dialog: Ja, actually ma‘am, it looks like fifteen of our operational units were pulled offline last night. Rhodes snaps her focus over to the agent.
14) 5) dialog: Looks like they were decommissioned by Minister Patel. We have six active units, Ma‘am.
14) 7) dialog: And the immigrants in delta quadrant. Would you like us to send the standard warning to the incoming ships? Rhodes just shakes her head, disgusted.
14) 9) dialog: (checking comm) First undocumented ship just touched down. A massive satellite-image comes up, looking down on the gqraffiti-riddled ship as it lands and ILLEGALS stream ou
14) 11) dialog: Ma‘am, we need to dispatch our available team to one of the landing sites. Should we send them? Rhedes looks at the little red dots on screen.
14) 13) dialog: Negative ma'am. Also decommissioned two days ago. Along with all terrestrial batteries. Rhodes slides back in her chair watching the satellite fe She considers, the red dots spreading. Finally...
14) 22) dialog: Uh....Based on current flight paths, two of them. But again, all systems are offline. The wall graphic changes, two of the ships go red. With a warning and a graphic showing potential debris spill.
14) 24) dialog: We have two agents active that are capable. R SMITH and M KRUGER.
14) 26) dialog: Uh ma’am, that is a direct~-
14) 28) dialog: Yes ma‘ am. EXT. LIQUOR STORE LOS ANGELES — DAY We see a man outside a dilapidated liquor store, his ragg clothing covering his head like a Jedi. He picks at his fingernails with a lethal looking knife. This is M KRUGER His wrist vibrates. He moves the burlap material to revea shockingly high-tech device on his wrist built by RAYTHEO Ee clicks the ANSWER button, we see a wire running back u his ear. We cannot see his face. Not yet.
14) 29) dialog: Agent 32 Alpha 21b. We are sending a packet over.
17) 2) dialog: Greenlight, 2ib greenlight.
19) 1) dialog: Missiles away.
62) 1) dialog: Ma'am, we have an Elysian citizen: on Earth under threat. Data coming up now, it's a... J CARLYLE. All the agents siow, recognizing the name.
62) 2) dialog: My god. Extreme close-up of RHODES. Beads of sweat on her forehea
62) 4) dialog: Recovery task force has been scrambled, ma’am. En route now.
73) 1) dialog: The assailants are initiating a data heist, they are syncing NOW. Rhedes clenches her jaw and crunches back into her chair. casually lifts her wrist. And speaks under her breath.
75) 24) dialog: Recovery team is almost there ma’am.
86) 1) dialog: Jesus. Who the hell is that? A tracking program on the huge screen reads IDENTITY UNKN
86) 2) dialog: Phat's military tech.
119) 1) dialog: What do you want us to do ma’am? Rhodes abruptly stands and grabs her coat.