12) 0) text: Max walks past serious GANGSTERS hanging out in the favel few GIRLS hang out with them.
12) 1) dialog: Off to work?
12) 13) dialog: Itm clean, don’t fucking touch me!
33) 0) text: Max arrives home at the favela. RAP blares, GANGSTERS mil about. YOUNG KIDS and single MOTHERS all over. Max finally gets to his shack. JULIO, Max’s lifelong frie drinks beers outside his place with some other sketchy looking GUYS. Julio follows Max in and grabs a beer for h INT. MAX’S SHACK ~ NIGHT Max opens his closet and starts putting his stuff down. J hands him a beer and slumps onto the bed.
47) 0) text: Julio has Max draped over his shoulder, other gangsters p the door open as Julio brings him inside and slumps him d on his bed. The others follow. Lots of noise and commotio Max looks over at the gangsters, weakly.
49) 21) text: Rhodes rises and joins the girls. They play on the grass together, a beautiful happy family. Off this tableau... INT. SPIDER’S LAIR - NIGHT Julio and Max walk through dark, dirty halls following Sp to a staircase descending deeper into the lair. INT. SPIDER‘S LAIR SURGERY - NIGHT Yhe basement level reom looks like a veterinary clinic, covered in graffiti. In the center is a makeshift surgery and several stainless steel tables of old medical equipme Around the table are three GANGSTERS wearing green medica aprons over baggy pants. One of them pulls his mask down speak. His face is tattoced. He is smoking a joint. He ta it out, looks at Max.
49) 44) dialog: You gonna be a cold blooded killa. Sandro looks over at Julic.
90) 0) text: Max limps and struggles through the run-down favela. He h the whine of the RAVEN behind him. A single OLD WOMAN lea pack of mangy DONKEYS. She stops when she sees Max. He can barely walk. He drops to one knee, tries to keep moving. The Gld Woman looks the blocdy gangster up and do
139) 0) text: Manuel and the gangsters run ahead into the night. The hu mansions flood-lit. Max and Spider follow. Guns drawn.
144) 5) text: an SLOW MO: we see KRUGER move in the opposite direction to them, walking toward us. He flips his hood down. Deadly. Int. CCB HO A hatch opens above the hallway. Manuel drops down and pu out his gun. He spins the other way. NO ONE. He stands like a sentry as another gangster, RICO, hops d The CCR is smoky, burning embers floating through the air