33) 0) text: Max arrives home at the favela. RAP blares, GANGSTERS mil about. YOUNG KIDS and single MOTHERS all over. Max finally gets to his shack. JULIO, Max’s lifelong frie drinks beers outside his place with some other sketchy looking GUYS. Julio follows Max in and grabs a beer for h INT. MAX’S SHACK ~ NIGHT Max opens his closet and starts putting his stuff down. J hands him a beer and slumps onto the bed.
33) 1) dialog: What up man? How was the line? Max takes a swig on the beer. Julio sees Max's lip. JULIO (CONT‘D)} Dude! What happened? Max feels his lip. He shrugs. i
33) 9) dialog: Listen man... Max anticipates what‘’s coming and stops him.
33) 11) dialog: Hear me out first, okay? Please. Julio takes a zip lock bag of weed out of his cargo pants
33) 12) dialog: Tt got a new connection, giving me this shit for nothing, for dirt. I'm selling it like crazy, man. We're making good cash right now. A beat. Max waits for the rest of the pitch.
33) 14) dialog: Shut up-~
33) 16) dialog: Look homey, I don’t want to be selling this shit, I don’t want this life, just like you, but we both want Elysium, right?
33) 18) dialog: So dude. Hello. You’re like the best hustler on the block, let me hook you up, we go back doing it old scheol, the two of us. I swear to you, within a year we'll have enough cash for IDs and a flight up there. Max lifts his pants leg to show Julio a parole anklet.
33) 22) dialog: And how you gonna do that? Your big hip hop careex? Julio laughs. Max laughs with him.
33) 25) dialog: Ah, so it’s not the rap career.
33) 28) dialog: Puta.
33) 30) dialog: You wanna step out for some fun? We met some nice ladies on the beach.
33) 34) dialog: They can fix that shit on Hlysium. Max escorts Julio to the door as he speaks.
33) 40) dialog: Sell me, sell me. Buy a ticket, leave this shit hole. Max laughs.
33) 42) dialog: I will wear you down, you used to be a LEGEND. He pushes Julio out and shuts the door.
34) 1) dialog: Now you make the po po! Julio turns and leaves, meets up with the other guys.
46) 0) text: Max is able to see his shack. Julio and the others are crowded around the area. Julio looks over at Max. Max hangs onte the wall to stay upright. Julio runs to hi friend. Max collapses and falls to the dirty favela floor
46) 1) dialog: My god man, what happened? MAX!
47) 0) text: Julio has Max draped over his shoulder, other gangsters p the door open as Julio brings him inside and slumps him d on his bed. The others follow. Lots of noise and commotio Max looks over at the gangsters, weakly.
47) 10) dialog: No. No man. Max looks over at his backpack, tries to reach it, his ha tremble. Julio leans and grabs it for him.
47) 12) dialog: What‘s going on, Max? Max ignores him and swallows the pills, sipping the water
47) 14) dialog: Yeah, man...they fix it all.
47) 16) dialog: Bo you have any cash? Max shakes his head.
47) 17) dialog: Listen, you can have everything I have, but a ticket from Spider is like 90, IE don’t even have halt that yet, I been saving. Any other coyote will probably be double.
47) 19) dialog: We need to talk to Spider. The bouncer ignores Julio, keeps chewing on his toothpick
47) 39) dialog: I teld you. Let’s ge. Julio starts helping Max up. They are moving toward the d Spider returns to throwing his ball up in the air and catching it. But suddenly he stops.
47) 43) dialog: I don't like the sound of this.
47) 93) dialog: You can’t seriously be considering this.
49) 21) text: Rhodes rises and joins the girls. They play on the grass together, a beautiful happy family. Off this tableau... INT. SPIDER’S LAIR - NIGHT Julio and Max walk through dark, dirty halls following Sp to a staircase descending deeper into the lair. INT. SPIDER‘S LAIR SURGERY - NIGHT Yhe basement level reom looks like a veterinary clinic, covered in graffiti. In the center is a makeshift surgery and several stainless steel tables of old medical equipme Around the table are three GANGSTERS wearing green medica aprons over baggy pants. One of them pulls his mask down speak. His face is tattoced. He is smoking a joint. He ta it out, looks at Max.
49) 46) dialog: No, I’1]l stick around thanks. He looks at Max who looks back. Max smiles. He gives the thumbs up. Julio nervously smiles back. POV - we see JULIO‘S silhouette become blurred and fade.. TO BLACK.
51) 2) dialog: Whoa whoa, don’t do that, hang on. Julio turns to yell up the stairs.
51) 3) dialog: Hey HEY! He's up. Julio walks over to Max, looks at him. JULIO (CONT‘D) You OK man? Max shrugs. JULIO (CONT’D) Dees it hurt? Max slowly nods. JuMP CUP: a dirty GHETTO CHICK hands Max a glass of water a handful of pills. GIRL. They said you gotta take em all. JUMP CUT: Sandro checks Max's eyes with a doctor‘’s penli Spider enters the room. Max is looking at the joints wher the HULC is bolted through his flesh into the bone.
52) 0) text: Julio stands in the morning light. A cigarette dangles fr his lips as he caresses the fresh ID on his wrist. Manuel and Sandro lean up against their crime vehicles. T all watch Max come slowly toward them.
56) 9) dialog: Relax? Shit, you're not nervous at all?
56) 11) dialog: Well I fucking am, ok? [T haven‘t done this shit in years. MAX slowly extends his newly augmented arm. The hydraulic pistons hiss and whir, hinting at the immense power. He d his hand down into his lap. Looking at it.
56) 13) dialog: Yeah, see you’ve had this stone cold thing going on since last night.
59) 0) text: Carlyle looks out of the bulletproof glass. His judging e watching the decrepit world of LA passing him by while st prices and commercials play on holographic screens. He se Burrito stands and beggars. Filthy children and feral dog The LIMO slows at a stop. A donkey-—drawn cart wheels by front. Carlyle looks over to see a child at the glass win Hand outstretched. Carlyle turns away. The LIMO accelerat More kids, poverty, pollution pass. Then SUDDENLY~- SCREEEEECH. SNAKE’s pickup truck SLAMS its brakes up ahea CRAAASHBH! The LIMO dives into the back of the truck. The GER comes up behind the LIMO. Julio accelerates and SMASHES into the LIMO wedging the G against the back bumper of the limo, which is now sandwic between the two cars, stopped in the middle of the road.
69) 0) text: Julio keeps his eyes open, looking around the area as Max Sandro run up, Manuel keeps watch too. Waving people away Max leans into the LIMO, gun drawn on the ruthless CEO. M watches him as he breathes shallowly, his lungs punctured
71) 5) dialog: We gotta go, we gotta go right now!
75) 21) dialog: We need to get out of here! Ee drags Max out of the car.
77) 0) text: As Sandro runs, the deadly RAVEN finally gets right on to them. The turbines blow debris all over. Max tries to run, but he COLLAPSES. He clasps his head in pain. Julio runs over to him. Trying to lift him.
77) 1) dialog: Come on man! Get up! Max clasps his head like a migraine. x The DATA creating an_ epileptic white STATIC in his head. Julio tries to drag h
77) 2) dialog: 
83) 0) text: Julio hops into the driver side, screeches up to Max.
83) 1) dialog: Let's gol Max pulls himself in. Julio floors the car in reverse.
87) 0) text: The upside-down interior is smoky, filled with broken gla flames. Max comes to. He can baxely fit through the crush window, he uses his jaws-of-life pewer to crumple the car like a coke can. He drags an unconscious Julio out to saf
102) 35) dialog: What you doing?
102) 39) dialog: You're not going to live there, SLUM RAT.
102) 41) text: You think we'll still be friends? Max turns and leoks down at Julio.