16) 0) text: Kruger pulls out a stinger MISSILE looking device. He get into firing position, the ugly snout of the giant bazooka housing multiple rockets. He presses a button on his wrist device which syncs with missile launcher. He aims at the sky.
16) 1) dialog: System in place.
18) 0) text: CLICK. He fires. Four small missiles snake up into the stratosphere many times faster than the speed of sound. Kruger is coughing on the rocket smoke. And laughing.
24) 0) text: KRUGER looks over to see two YOUNG BOYS who witnessed him firing the rockets. He tosses the weapon onto the ground.
24) 1) dialog: Hey kids.
24) 3) dialog: Not really.
66) 0) text: Rhodes walks into the room full of weaponry and lockers. grabs a headset, and dials fast on a wrist computer. EXT. LANDFILL LOS ANGELES —~ DAY Kruger stands on a landfill in LA. He presses the receive call on his wrist computer.
67) 0) text: Rhodes briefs Kruger via headset.
67) 3) dialog: What is it?
67) 5) dialog: No no no. You don’t call a recently deactivated agent to retrieve data. I’m betting the government doesn’t know it exists. Am I right? Silence.
67) 6) dialog: Tam right. Which means it’s illegal. Which means this job is undocumented. Which means I can ask for whatever I want.
67) 12) dialog: Towant a fresh clean slate.
67) 16) dialog: Good, T want a mansion of my choosing. And... want to bring a human back, I want te bring a human from Barth, and I want customs to look the other way. None of that bulishit Like before.
67) 18) dialog: Send me the mission data. Kruger clicks his wrist off. He casually takes out a tact blade. Ye carves out the CITIZENSHIP CHIP in his wrist. H pulls the chip out and throws it inte the weeds. The RAVEN slows and hovers, blowing garbage. It gently touches down. Like a cress between an Osprey helicopter a space-ship, it looks sleek and lethal. Two special forces ELYSTAN tough guys DRAKE and CROWE gre Kruger. He tosses his bag into the Raven. KRUGER (CONT‘D) Drake, Crowe. Howsit boys? They smile as he climbs aboard.
74) 0) text: The open deor of the Raven feels like a Vietnam era Huey, terrain of Los Angeles flies by at 400kph. Kruger hears:
74) 2) dialog: Got it.
78) 0) text: Kruger leans out of the door, sees Max clasping his head, sees Sandro running like a trapped rat, Manuel close behi Kruger pulls a laser designator off his wrist computer, h shines it on Sandro. BEEEP.
78) 1) dialog: Tag, you’re it.
80) 0) text: Kruger calmly takes cover inside the ship for a second. H hand still out, pointing the laser on SANDRO. Not even watching his victim, he presses a button on his wrist tec
82) 1) dialog: I think I got him! Did I get him? Crowe and Drake laugh.
84) 0) text: Kruger uses his laser designator again, shining it on the HOOP of the moving vehicle. CLICK. He presses the button.
86) 0) text: the satellite imagery of Kruger flipping the car plays to open mouths in the control room. Rhodes watches silently.
87) 5) dialog: And now my friend...I'm going to cut off your head. Kruger gets ready to lop off his head, but suddenly JULIO fires a burst of bullets at Kruger’s side. Kruger evades bullets and sweeps the gangster’s feet out from under hin Max sees his friend go down. Max starts fumbling the maga out of his gun, trying to put a new one in.
88) 0) text: Max runs, clasping his stomach. He darts between old shac He turns back to see Kruger climbing aboard the RAVEN.
89) 0) text: As the RAVEN takes off, the smaller recovery SHUTTLE touc down. Kruger watches as the droids start to leap out.
89) 1) dialog: Good luck! The droids move fast, guns drawn. They run to Carlyle and begin treating him like paramedics. A DROID SLAMS a hypedermic of adrenalin into him. NOTHING. He's dead.
96) 0) text: Kruger’s Raven hovers over the city. The blanket of light twinkling under the VTOL jet.
97) 0) text: Kruger leans over a series of monitors. All FLIR infrared The images are scanning every single person. He whispers:
97) 1) dialog: Where are you, peasant? Kruger walks through the jet over to the control center.
97) 2) dialog: Alright, let's get surveillance up. Three SURVEILLANCE UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) take o and fly into the favela. They look like metal birds of pr with high-tech cameras fixed into their heads.
97) 5) dialog: Okay, let’s contain this fucker. Put up a jamming signal across the whole city. Drake types into the keyboard. We see the satellite dish radar array on top of the Raven fire to life. The satelli dishes orient themselves and lock in.
98) 1) text: But he sees: A COP standing at the entrance. Max limps forward, the cop seems to be looking away, the huge glass doors open. Diseased people bustle in and out. One of Kruger’s UAVs flies overhead, coming in low like a hawk stalking its prey. Max sees it, and takes cover unde garbage dumpster. The UAV passes right overhead, the Litt propellers kicking up leaves and dirt as it hovers. Once satisfied, it takes off to search the next area, Max gets up, he watches the cop with eaqle-like focus. He moves over to the side of the hospital. Struggling with t pain, he looks through the windows. He catches a glimpse FREY as she walks in the opposite direction. Max uses all of his energy to walk in that direction. He heads down an ALLEY, holds onto the wall for support. He tries to walk more, but he collapses onto a knee.
105) 4) dialog: There you are.
108) 0) text: Kruger grabs a gun off the weapons rack and loads it. Dra and Crowe arm up behind him.
109) 88) dialog: Oh...my my...we have no right. Kruger grabs Frey by the upper arms, pulls her close. KRUGER (CONT’D} Where is he? FREY . Are you looking for that criminal? I hope you find him, I hope you throw him in jail for the rest of his life! Kruger smiles, looks at his men.
109) 89) dialog: Lot of anger there, lotaaaa anger there boys. Kruger gently feels her hair between his fingers. He lift handful of it and smells. His eyes focus over to see MATI KRUGER (CONT‘D} And who is this little one? 88. PREY. Please. He’s gone, just leave us. TI don't know anything, I just helped him, he was wounded. Kruger silences her by putting his finger on her lips.
109) 91) dialog: And what’s your name?
109) 95) dialog: Well, that’s alright for now. I’ve found something else... Kruger motions for them to take Frey. Crowe grabs her.
109) 99) dialog: There there, don’t worry little one.
109) 108) dialog: What do I want? Now I want...ycu. He turns toward Matilda. RRUGER (CONT‘D) Both of you. I want a family.
109) 111) dialog: Let's get. comms up with the embassy team, need FMRI scan in twenty. fhe rear hydraulic doors seal up. Frey looks to Matilda.
109) 115) dialog: I always wanted a wife. I never could quite settle down, if you know what I mean. You’1l love Elysium, feel right at home....and you (to Matilda) you can have any pet you want. Even a parrot.
109) 117) dialog: You need to have more respect for me, if we're going to be a happy family.
110) 2) text: Kruger snaps his attention away from Frey. He walks over the monitor. He sees Max, then looks to his men.
110) 3) dialog: 
111) 0) text: Kruger snaps his kevlar vest on, and hits the rear door button, The hydraulic steel door whines as it opens.
112) 0) text: Max reaches into his pocket and pulls out the THERMAL GRENADE. He pops the pin. Holds it closed with his hand. Kruger emerges from the Raven. He walks out into the sunl towards Max. Max watches him coming like a hawk.
112) 1) dialog: There‘s my favorite human. What's that for? I am unarmed, my dear.
112) 3) dialog: it seems as though you hold the upper hand my friend. Step on board and let's discuss.
112) 5) dialog: Fine.
112) 7) dialog: OK. Let's go. Climb aboard partner. Kruger points to the doorway of the RAVEN. Max's eyes dar over to the large shuttle and back to Kruger.
112) 9) dialog: Let’s go. Let‘’s take you up there to your new existence. (MORE)
112) 11) dialog: Leave this terrible latrine of a planet. Leave all this behind you. Get that horrible irradiated body fixed. Kruger heads for the Raven. Max grips his grenade and fol him. Kruger walks into the shuttle. Max enters and sees.. FREY. Max freezes in his tracks. His eyes transfixed on her. As comforts Matilda, she looks at him. Tears run down her fa
112) 14) dialog: Okay, let’s head out boys! The rear bay doors seal up with a hydraulic HISs.
113) 3) dialog: Well, you two are obviously old friends. (MORE)
113) 11) dialog: Please feel free to come round and visit, you can catch up on old times. We have a lovely patio at home. (icy to Max) Focus on your own problems, son. INT. SPIDER’S LAIR Spider hobbles over to a computer. A techie operates it.
114) 2) dialog: Protocol is onboard. Rhodes looks around to make sure nobody is watching.
116) 9) dialog: Tt’s just called reentry. We're about to land. We’re home. I promise you, you’re gonna love it. Max looks out his window. The ship slows, rows of gorgeou mansions extend forever. His dream, right there, He looks back at Frey, Matilda. The child terrified, tear Frey’s cheeks. Max blinks hard, makes an impossible decis
116) 15) text: SLOW MO: Kruger whips his head over, his pupils dilate. D looks at the grenade at his feet in disbelief.
121) 0) text: Kruger stumbles up, very unsure on his feet. Frey looks a him, trembles with fear. He slowly pulls two throwing kni
121) 1) dialog: The pain isn't real.
122) 0) text: Kruger huris the throwing knives with cobra-like snaps. B Max moves so fast that he deflects the blades in the aix.
122) 2) dialog: I'm going to enjoy this. I’m going to hand deliver them your head. Xruger slowly raises the KATANA. Max's fingers outstretch feeling for anything, he feels the tactical webbing of th remains of Crowe, and then his fingers find Crowe's SHOTG
122) 8) text: a9. As Kruger brings the blade down, with bullet-like speed M grabs the shotgun and uses it as a shield. ULTRA SLOW MO: the KATANA shatters like glass, glinting pieces of titanium fracturing and splintering into the sunlight.. Twinkling in front of Max’s face. Max spins up and KICKS Kruger so hard, the kick PLINGS Kr back against the Raven like a rag doll. The coughing whee maniac drops the remains of his sword, trying ta breathe.
123) 0) text: Frey watches as the violence unfolds just outside the shi Max swings the shotgun up, cocks it and steps right up to ¥xruger who is now lying propped up against the Raven doo Max puts the shotgun in Kruger’s face.
123) 1) dialog: (Weakly) See you scon... Kruger smiles, and licks the barrel of the shotgun. CLOSE UP: Max’s trigger finger... CLICK. The shotgun pellets BLOW Kruger’s face off.
124) 0) text: An ELYSIAN FATHER comes out cf his house to see Max execu Kruger. The man panics.
130) 0) text: Rhedes walks over to the smoky remains of Kruger’s shuttl She sees KRUGER‘'S BODY. She takes a moment to look at th sheer devastation. Then she hears-~
133) 0) text: We follow Rhodes as the CCB droids waik behind her. They carry KRUGER in a body bag. They move through a door to--
134) 0) text: The large high-tech room is a mixture of equipment and weaponry. Two CCB MEDICAL DROIDS stand waiting. Rhodes wa the droids carrying KRUGER in. They dump the body on a ta
138) 0) text: KRUGER is now alive. The MED BOTS disengage the cables th suspend him, and he collapses like a marionette. Slowly h fingers uncurl. His muscles tremble as he rises to nis fe
138) 10) dialog: I hate how new it is. Like a baby.
138) 15) dialog: Now nobody knows about that data. Nobody but him and me. Which means, when I get it, this place is mine. Kruger grabs a weapon, and steps over Rhodes as he heads
138) 40) text: INT. CCB ARMORY —, Keuger sits on a medical bench as the MED BOTS BOLT a HUL SUIT into his bones. Similar to Max. But more expensive. high-tech. Like an F22 vs an F14. it’s magnificent. Once secured, Kruger goes to his LOCKER. Still has his na on it, He opens the locker and starts pulling out his gea
142) 0) text: Kruger calmly walks out of the armory. He steps inte the central corridor. He casually lifts a grenade from a pouc pulls the ring and throws it down the corridor. He walks into the airlock. BOOCOOGOOOOM!!!! Fire and smoke billow.
144) 5) text: an SLOW MO: we see KRUGER move in the opposite direction to them, walking toward us. He flips his hood down. Deadly. Int. CCB HO A hatch opens above the hallway. Manuel drops down and pu out his gun. He spins the other way. NO ONE. He stands like a sentry as another gangster, RICO, hops d The CCR is smoky, burning embers floating through the air
144) 13) dialog: That’s a cheap shot, that’s a fucking cheap shot. Max starts to take the upper hand when.... Max goes inte a white hot flash of cerebral pain. The epileptic seizure of DATA-OVERLOAD hits him, he trips and stumbles over desks and terminals, holding his head. Manuel grabs Max and pulls him back toward Spider. Kruger xises, whips out a deadly throwing knife and wings at Manuel. It digs into his sternum. He drops to his knee Spider looks back to see his friend go down, gasping for Spider turns back, hacking the control-reom airlock. Max sees Manuel die. Anger coursing through his veins, Ma uses every ounce of strength to will himself to his feet, Kruger lunges at him. His knife comes flashing toward Max head like lightning, barely missing his jugular. Max delivers a sequence of awesome martial arts kicks and punches knocking Kruger back, giving him time to escape. Max dives into the airlock and hits the SHUT button. The starts shutting. But Kruger leaps and wedges his steel encased body in between the airlocked doors, jamming them He’s trapped there. Max drags himself away, looking back as Xruger struggles free himself. Max and Spider hobble into--
144) 25) dialog: T have everything to fight for. = have all this. Max struggles. But he makes a desperate move, GRABBING ho ef the NERVE CENTER on the back of Kruger‘’s BULC. Max tears it off with all his strength. SPARKS explode an shredded circuitry come out in his hand. We hear Kruger’s suit power down, and-- Max kicks the living shit owt of him.
144) 27) text: Kruger falls into a crumpled heap. They are at the end of gantry, where the ARMORY has MEDBAYS LINED UP, Kruger looks at Max’s dying body. He looks into the ARMOR then back at Max, choking, laughing. KRUGER (CONT’D) Your....friend...didn’t tell you everything, did he? Max looks at Kruger, confused.
144) 28) dialog: You think...you can pull that data out of your head and live? You think you just carry on with your little life? Kruger is Laughing, choking. KRUGER (CONT‘D) You fucking idiot... That data will kill you the second it‘s retrieved. Max turns to Spider.
144) 31) dialog: You wanna save...all your little earthlings...then you’re gonna die.