47) 105) dialog: Hey! Marco, let her go. Prey rips her arm free and briskly walks away. The thug laughs and holds up his tequila.
52) 0) text: Julio stands in the morning light. A cigarette dangles fr his lips as he caresses the fresh ID on his wrist. Manuel and Sandro lean up against their crime vehicles. T all watch Max come slowly toward them.
52) 7) dialog: What's up, partner? He goes in for a gangsta style shake, Max reciprocates. MANUEL (CONT’D) I’m your wingman today, How's that suit working out for you? I always wanted one. Surgery scares me too much. But fuck me. That is tight.
55) 0) text: Manuel picks up his walkie. He is wearing what Looks like fighter jet HELMET, with a bulletprcof face-plate.
55) 1) dialog: I got you.
66) 3) text: In one motion, the droid leaps behind the limo, unclips a GRENADE and tosses it at Manuel.
66) 4) dialog: 
69) 0) text: Julio keeps his eyes open, looking around the area as Max Sandro run up, Manuel keeps watch too. Waving people away Max leans into the LIMO, gun drawn on the ruthless CEO. M watches him as he breathes shallowly, his lungs punctured
78) 0) text: Kruger leans out of the door, sees Max clasping his head, sees Sandro running like a trapped rat, Manuel close behi Kruger pulls a laser designator off his wrist computer, h shines it on Sandro. BEEEP.
136) 0) text: SPIDER‘S graffiti-ridden ship comes in fast and lands on lawn outside the mansion. Spider hops out. Manuel and Ric hop out with him. Spider looks back into the shuttle.
138) 30) dialog: Goddamn suicide run. Spider gives a rueful smile.
139) 0) text: Manuel and the gangsters run ahead into the night. The hu mansions flood-lit. Max and Spider follow. Guns drawn.
144) 5) text: an SLOW MO: we see KRUGER move in the opposite direction to them, walking toward us. He flips his hood down. Deadly. Int. CCB HO A hatch opens above the hallway. Manuel drops down and pu out his gun. He spins the other way. NO ONE. He stands like a sentry as another gangster, RICO, hops d The CCR is smoky, burning embers floating through the air
144) 6) dialog: Where the hell is everybody? Spider is Lowered down by Max. Max hops into the corridor
144) 10) dialog: 