35) 0) text: Frey arrives at a ward that reads CANCER. She walks throu rows and rows of sickly children in creaking, rusted beds Frey goes into a private area with a curtain drawn. She f a YOUNG GIRL laying in bed. 6 years old. Frey checks the girl's vitals, charts. And then Frey just looks at her. And runs a hand through the girl’s hair. This sick kid is her daughter MATILDA. A beat. And... A DOCTOR arrives.
94) 0) text: Frey goes into Matilda’s small area and pulls the curtain shut sealing them in. She checks all the medical details, runs diagnostics on the machines linked to her daughter. Then Frey caresses her daughter’s hair, and gazes at this peaceful child. Slowly, Matilda wakes up.
94) 5) dialog: Am I bettex? Can we go? i Frey nods. Matilda starts to sit upright excitedly.
102) 22) dialog: I want to see the man. What's wrong with him? Frey doesn’t answer. She goes back to Max. There’s a hosp gurney in the corner of the room. She puts a new sheet on
102) 62) dialog: This is the man...?
103) 0) text: Max quietly enters the living room. Matilda lies sleeping the couch. He watches her for a beat and then... INT. FREY’S ROOM - CONTINUCUS Max walks into Frey‘’s room. He pulls open her cupboards. Starts looking through her stuff. Shoe boxes. Drawers. Fast jump cuts as he quietly rips the room apart. Finally finds a small box with a ballerina on it. He opens it. We see a ton of MONEY clumped together in neat bills. He the box down on the dresser and sits on her bed. He looks at himself in the dresser mirror. Stares at hims He suddenly grabs the money and counts it. A beat.
104) 0) text: Little Matilda is standing in the hallway.
104) 1) dialog: Where's mommy?
104) 3) dialog: You have bandages. She points to her own bandages on her arms.
104) 12) dialog: Do you want to hear my story?
104) 14) dialog: My story, It’s about a meerkat.
104) 16) dialog: He was hungry. But he was small. So small. And the other big animals had all the food, cause they can reach the fruits. So he had to watch them eat all the nice foods and berries cause he so small. Max feels the money behind his back. MATILDA (CONT’D) So he made friends with a hippopotamus, so he can stand on the hippopotamus to get all the fruits he wants. And they eat all the fruit together. Max just looks at her.
104) 18) dialog: It is, that’s how the story ends.
109) 1) dialog: Mommy. The man left.
109) 12) text: al. She runs into her room. She is about to look in the drawe when she sees the box with the ballerina sitting on the dresser. She picks it up very slowly and opens it. Frey collapses down the side of the bed onto the floor. PREY (CONT’D) Stupid stupid stupid. Matilda is standing at the door.
109) 13) dialog: What's wrong? Frey uses every ounce of strength to hold herself togethe
109) 84) dialog: Why are you crying?
109) 86) dialog: Is it cause of that man? Who was he?
109) 92) dialog: Mommy... Frey runs over and picks her up.
109) 97) dialog: 
116) 4) dialog: Mommy I’m scared.
116) 7) text: He says nothing. Deeply conflicted. Suddenly the jet hits the atmosphere of Elysium. Shaking reverberating through the whole ship. Matilda starts CRYI
119) 5) dialog: Max finds her still in his arms.
119) 8) dialog: Mommy !
119) 16) dialog: No! MOMMY: !
125) 2) dialog: Matilda races out of the bushes, rushes up to her mom. Fr drops down and hugs her little girl tighter than ever. Max turns to the rack of guns in the RAVEN and grabs a RAILGUN. He sees a MEDPACK on the ammo shelf and grabs it 100. He runs over to FREY, about to pull the two girls to safe when he realizes the beauty and scale of ELYSTUM. Frey rises slowly, holding Matilda. The three earthlings a moment. They have never seen anything like this before. stunning torus creates a horizon that never ends. But Max hears something. He snaps his head over to see: a HOMELAND DEFENSE RAVEN incoming.
127) 0) text: Matilda screams a3 BULLETS kick up the dirt behind then. kace up the stairs of a palatial mansion. Frey tries desperately to get into the house. All the doo are locked.
132) 0) text: Max lands on the marble floor. Frey and Matilda follow. T hear the roar of the CCB RAVEN outside. Max silently peers over the edge of the windowsill. He watches as the Raven screams by overhead, departing with Rhodes in it. He watches it disappear, then-- Max starts laughing, relief washing over him. Matilda gets up and runs through the immense house. Max slowly stands. He walks around taking it all in. He and Prey walk onto a back deck that looks out at the magnificence of Elysium. Bright flowers. Shimmering lakes
132) 3) dialog: Mommy! Come and see. Frey walks into the children’s room, which is bigger than their house. It is stuffed with brand new toys.
132) 4) dialog: Please can we stay? Max enters the room. As he looks around, we see a FLASH o his ORPHANAGE. We cut back to the room and-— Suddenly Max DOUBLES OVER in pain. The barcode on his wri lights up for a second as the house scans it. BEEP.
135) 0) text: Frey helps Max into the medical room while Matilda watche The room looks like a hospital MRE ROOM designed by poggenpohl. There is a medical table.
135) 4) text: Max looks at Frey and Matilda. He touches the Armani logo The overhead cover begins coming down. Closing Max inside
137) 22) dialog: Max and Spider end the gangsters all stop and leok at the little girl. Prey stands up frantically.
150) 0) text: Frey sees Max as a small infrared heat dot on the screen. She is fighting back tears. She sees the Immigration Droi coming across the LAWN. She leans over and pulls Matilda closer. But doesn’t leave the monitor.
154) 0) text: The DROIDS smash the laptop in front of Frey and violentl rip her from the chair. Another one grabs Matilda.
156) 6) text: Humans all over Elysium come out of hiding. The old, the sick, all getting medical care in their Mansions. Shots of humans on earth scrambling for tickets to ships. SHUTTLES stuffed like Indian trains. Bound for Elysium. Prey and Matilda play in their garden. The huge orb of Ea floats behind them. Frey wears Max’s necklace now. She ho it for a moment. And then continues to play with Matilda.