2) 0) text: Max lLeoks over at the nun skeptically.
2) 1) dialog: But they look different.
2) 3) text: Max nods, and we CUT TO-- A COMMERCIAL FOR THE NEW FALL LINE BY GUCCI. Various supermodel-like faces come up on the screen. “A” through "F” lettered next to each head. A FINGER selects “Cc” model, we realize it’s a touch screen, A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN takes her finger off the screen and wal into a MEDICAL BAY that sits in a high-end designer store She lies down on an MRI looking machine. The machine closes around her. A flash of light and then GUCCI reads acress the image of the dazzling woman, her f leoks instantly younger.
2) 6) dialog: Do they get sick?
4) 5) dialog: I don't want to get sick. I want to go there like them. Then I won't get sick. INT. SPIDER'S LAIR — NIGHT Lines of humans wait to buy illegal tickets to Elysium fr gun-strapped SMUGGLERS. We see a MOTHER and DAUGHTER.
7) 3) dialog: All of us? NUN (¥.0.) No, not all... The mother and daughter escape through a hedge. The mothe throws a rock through the window of a big empty mansion. epens the door and carries her sick child inside.
10) 1) dialog: It’s not fair.
11) 2) dialog: I will be rich.
11) 4) dialog: I will be a dealer. The nun whips her head over, looking at Max.
11) 6) dialog: Pedro, He said you can be rich if you be a dealer.
11) 9) dialog: Yes sister. Close-up on YOUNG MAX’s face as he scrubs the clothing. Thinking, dreaming of ELYSIUM. We slowly DISSOLVE TO: INT. MAX’S SHACK - MORNING Adult MAX leans forward in front of a small dirty mirror. splashes water on his face. He is 30s, good locking, clea from a troubled past. We see gang tatts run down his neck arms. A small gold locket dangles from his neck.
12) 0) text: Max walks past serious GANGSTERS hanging out in the favel few GIRLS hang out with them.
12) 4) dialog: Yeah, laugh it up, remember you owe me bail money Carlo. Carlo goes quiet. Max keeps moving. Wide shot of the FAVELA: we see the thousands of rickety little houses and cinder-~block shacks all interconnected TITLE: LOS ANGELES ~ FORMERLY UNITED STATES 2109. What looks like the layout of the Hollywood Hills, overlooking a vast polluted population, seems to resemble Tijuana more than Los Angeles. Women hang laundry, police choppers fly overhead. Chickens squawk. Another day in LA Little favela CHILDREN suddenly appear, surrounding Max. try and go through his pockets. He slaps their hands away
12) 11) dialog: You think I got money? I NEED Money, that’s why I'm going to work. Wait...do YOU have money? The children look confused. Max catches one of them and t him upside down, shaking him by his feet. A few coins fal out of his pockets. The other children laugh hysterically Max puts him down.and grabs a five dollar coin.
12) 12) dialog: Uh huht Rich! The kid grabs for it, the other kids dying with Laughter. MAX (CONT‘D) Now I can finally buy my ticket to Elysium! The kids laugh even harder. Max hands it back. MAX (CONT’D) Now fuck off. The children run off laughing. Max continues down the slo favela. Up ahead he sees: HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE gathering. Ragged clothing, filthy and starving. A flying machine heads toward the mob. It slows and hovers overhead. The aixborne vehicle is mos blue and has a UN peacekeeper vibe. ELYSIUM FOOD PROGRAM written on the side. Max keeps walking alongside the mob. The rear bay doors open on the flying vessel and a roboti DROID presses a release button on the cargo controls. Food aid bags begin ejecting out of the jet. The huge gra bags fall to the dusty ground. People fight over the food Max leoks up at the droid. its cold mechanical eyes looki down con the humans. Max watches as the jet seals up and away while the starving people fight fiercely over scraps INT. TRAIN — MORNING Max stands in a crowded, filthy train. He watches LA skim out of the graffiti-laden windows. He turns to see two ROBOTIC POLICE OFFICERS move through train. They check passengers, one of them carries a porta scanner. They shine it at the HUMANS and their data comes The Officers walk up to a bunch of decidedly dangerous looking GANGSTERS. Each of them is scanned. The robots pa the suspects down fairly violently.
12) 15) dialog: Good morning officers.
12) 17) dialog: Ah, you know, a little of this, littie of that-- One of the Officers tries to grab Max’s bag. Max resists.
12) 18) dialog: Guys seriously, I’m just on my way to work, this is my stop here. The Officer is not happy with Max hanging onto the bag. V quickly it whips out a telescopic BATON, as the train suddenly comes to a stop. People start getting off. MAX (CONT’D) Look, your stick’s very scary, but this is my stop, okay? ft don’t want any trouble. Max tries to walk. WHACK! The Officer lashes him across t knees, he falls. The second Officer grabs his neck and ho him down. The first one rummages through his backpack. The train starts moving again. Max struggles to look up a the Officers since his head is down.
12) 19) dialog: That was my stop! They subdue him violently, giving him a crack to the ribs
12) 32) text: The DROID is satisfied there are no drugs in the bag. He throws it next to Max on the ground.
25) 0) text: The hospital is old, dirty, run down. And very overcrowde INT. LOS ANGELES COUNTY HOSPITAL -— DAY We move through the masses to find: MAX sitting, holding tissue to his lip, still bleeding. A NURSE emerges. She is beautiful, but has the look of no enough sleep and toc much stress. This is FREY, late twenties. She slows when she sees him.
25) 2) dialog: Frey?! Long time.
25) 5) dialog: This, this isn’t my fault.
25) 8) dialog: How long have you--
25) 17) dialog: Hey, you think maybe we could...
25) 19) dialog: You know mé...(she’s gone) I’m clean. He sits there a moment. Alone. Then he grabs his bag.
26) 0) text: MAX walks towards the entrance of the immense plant. Its smoke stacks pour pollution into the atmosphere. The giant facility is ringed by a tatty chain~link fence barbed wire. Guards at the front wave him through.
27) 0) text: Max walks into a busy safety prep area. He grabs a respir MASK off a hook and is about to put it on when the FOREMA stops him.
27) 2) dialog: Yeah I know, sorry sir, won’t happen again.
27) 4) dialog: Yes sir. Max salutes, walks to the airlock separating the entry fr the factory. As he enters the airlock, the Foreman yells:
27) 6) text: Very lucky sir. I always dreamed of at. fhe airlock hisses open, revealing: 16. The interior of the factory is MASSIVE. Thousands of work slave over machinery. On the assembly lines, we see-- The familiar POLICE and MILITARY DROIDS of ELYSIUM. This where their army is built. Max walks through the huge space. He looks up to the seco level office, where the CEO presides, standing at the gla
29) 0) text: Max grabs his dolly off the rack and walks to end of an assembly line. He keeps his eyes on
29) 2) dialog: Whatever. You think he had his face peel this morning? The worker laughs. He watches Max with cold attention. his spot at the Carlyle. Max uses a foot pedal to load the new ROBOTIC head. He pu the silicone cover down and stretches it over the steel s of the police droid. He puts the head into the pallet. Jump cuts: more heads, more silicone, more pallets. Max walks them over to the kiln. Unloads them. Goes back, gets more. Unloads them. Gets more. He gets a fresh batch of robotic SKULLS, he starts pullin the silicone over one, he completes it. Max locks around the factory. He looks up at the CEO, to sure he isn’t watching. He’s not there. Max grabs a permanent marker and writes “FUCK THE POLICE” ever the droid’s face. He then covers it with the silicone.
29) 8) text: it. The kiln is full. He shuts the door. He looks at the larg buttons on the wall. CLICK he pushes THERMOPLAST. A large light shines. Through the three-inch thick glass porthole see the massive microwave fire radiation at the DROID hea Once baked, the HEADS slide out of the back of the kiln. light goes off. A warning comes up. COOLING. And then SAFE TO ENTER. Max disengages the door and opens it. The kiln is EMPTY, ready for more...
32) 0) text: The office looks like the DMV. Throngs of plastic chairs the large room. Up in front of the reformed criminals are Booths where PAROLE OFFICER ROBOTS sit. Like a cheaply bu plastic robot version of a $1 kids ride outside a grocery store, its mouth a simple speaker. Tatoo-covered reformees sit and explain themselves to the plastic bureaucrats. MAX sits holding his paper number. BEEEP.
32) 10) dialog: Hi, helle, before we st-—
32) 12) dialog: Yes, I know, but if you would-~
32) 14) dialog: WHAT?! No no wait, this is a--
32) 16) dialog: No no, thank you. I just wanted to explain that today was not my fault. It was a--
32) 18) dialog: No. What? All of that is behind m--
32) 22) dialog: (mocking in robot voice} No, I am ok.
32) 24) dialog: (still in robot voice) Negative.
32) 26) dialog: Understoed.
33) 0) text: Max arrives home at the favela. RAP blares, GANGSTERS mil about. YOUNG KIDS and single MOTHERS all over. Max finally gets to his shack. JULIO, Max’s lifelong frie drinks beers outside his place with some other sketchy looking GUYS. Julio follows Max in and grabs a beer for h INT. MAX’S SHACK ~ NIGHT Max opens his closet and starts putting his stuff down. J hands him a beer and slumps onto the bed.
33) 2) dialog: Phe usual.
33) 10) dialog: Can we just skip to the part where i say no?
33) 13) dialog: T’m sorry, was that it? Was that the whole pitch?
33) 15) dialog: No, I mean, did you rehearse that?
33) 17) dialog: 
33) 21) dialog: i think you might have forgotten this little guy. This fella means ten-to-twenty next time. Got it? Yeah I want to get wp there, live in a big house, eat all I want. But I gotta save up, man.
33) 23) dialog: Shut up. I would have been awesome, I had some sick rhymes.
33) 26) dialog: No bitch, I got a job. Unlike some people. Julio shakes his head. JULLO al Pussy.
33) 27) dialog: idiot.
33) 29) dialog: Shut the fuck up, get out. Max stands up to force Julio out.
33) 31) dialog: Oh yeah, I’m sure, like the last ones you got, what was it again? Herpes. i t
33) 41) dialog: Get out.
38) 0) text: Max sits up as his alarm goes off. He splashes his face w water, looks into the mirror.
39) 0) text: Max walks along with many other slum doq FACTORY WORKERS. They put on their MASKS and pass into the airlock.
40) 0) text: Max lifts yet another batch of HEADS onto the dolly. He wheels them into the kiln, unloads them. He goes out, get one more, puts it in. He hits the button. The door shuts then JAMS. He looks inside: one of the pallets is skew. He hits the CANCEL button, but it doesn’t open the door. He looks around for help. He walks to the guy next to him
40) 1) dialog: Hey man, can I bug you for a second?
40) 3) dialog: Yeah, it’s just, the door is jammed. Have you seen that before? He follows Max to his kiln, looks through the half open d
40) 6) dialog: Yeah, but I can’t reset it to open.
40) 8) dialog: What? Fuck that.
40) 10) dialog: Why the hell didn’t I take the Burger King job? Max takes a breath, and tries to squeeze through the gap. pops his body through and is inside the k He goes over to the heavy palette and starts to straighte
40) 12) text: Max rushes to the door. He bangs hysterically on the glas The KILN fires up, we see WAVES OF HEAT DISTORTION as the RADIATION engulfs us. Max screams and collapses to the fl An emergency alarm sounds. Computer monitors read “ORGANI TISSUE DETECTED K 34.” The factory shuts down. UP ABOVE: CEQ Carlyle walks back to his window, he sees workers run to Max's kiln. A large overhead siren wails. the window, we see holographic projections of BIOSPHERE s prices falling with each second of non-production. Max struggles to stay conscious. We see the Foreman rush the door, other workers using CROWBARS to wrench it open. they force it open and allow a smalij. BOMB DISPOSAL-STYL ROBOT to enter. It wheels itself up to Max and scans him. grabs Max with its robotic pincer and starts to drag him Max lies on the floor unconscious as he is dragged. CLOSE UP: Max’s face.
41) 0) text: YOUNG MAX sits outside on a dilapidated merry go round in dirty, sunny orphanage playground. He has his head in his lap. His eight year old knuckles are bloody. The NUN we saw earlier walks out into the empty playgroun She calmly sits down next to him. He lifts his head and l over at her, he has a bloody nose.
41) 1) dialog: It wasn’t my fault, sister.
41) 3) dialog: I just want to go there. The nun looks at the broken boy for a beat. She delicatel reaches around her neck and unclips a gold chain. At the of it is a smali spherical pendant. She points up at Elys
41) 5) dialog: Yeah.
41) 8) dialog: What..... what....happened? He locks over to see he’s in a gross little med bay, He s a porthole embedded in a thick blast-proof door. The Fore looks through it at Max.
43) 0) text: Max hobbles out of a steel door into the LOS ANGELES sunlight. His face is white and sick. His eyes black. A wall of bulletproof plexiglass runs the length of the e A thick yellow line shows the side WORKERS must stay on. slowly puts one foot in front of the next, struggling. Carlyle comes out of the factory on the other side of the giass escorted by his security droids. A magnificent ELYS shuttle, like a Rolls Royce, sits waiting for him. ue
44) 0) text: Max sits in one of the chairs. He is awkwardly slumped. H face a sallow pale white. A thick glaze of sweat coats hi features. His black bagged eyes look out over the city.
45) 0) text: Max hobbles very slowly up the stairs into the favela. Th Little CHILDREN circle him, curious about what his ailmen is. Max is too weak to disperse them.
46) 0) text: Max is able to see his shack. Julio and the others are crowded around the area. Julio looks over at Max. Max hangs onte the wall to stay upright. Julio runs to hi friend. Max collapses and falls to the dirty favela floor
47) 0) text: Julio has Max draped over his shoulder, other gangsters p the door open as Julio brings him inside and slumps him d on his bed. The others follow. Lots of noise and commotio Max looks over at the gangsters, weakly.
47) 1) dialog: Get out, get the fuck out. The gangsters all leave. Except Julio who sits on his bed
47) 9) dialog: Go.
47) 11) dialog: Water. Julio runs out. Max slowly pulls the MIPOROL out of the b Julio comes back with a coke bottle filled with water,
47) 13) dialog: Can they really cure anything up there?
47) 15) dialog: I need to get up there. Now.
47) 18) dialog: I don’t want your money. I just need to see Spider. EXT. SPIDER‘S LAIR ~ NIGHT In the baddest area of the LA favelas, we find Spider’s l Thumping reggaeton spills cut into the night aix. Max and Jalio push their way through the busy sidewalk to the lai 34. INT. SPIDER’S LAIR A fat BOUNCER sits in front of a dented steel door. GANGS lounge with GIRLS in skimpy clothing, maybe prostitutes. and Julio approach the bouncer.
47) 20) dialog: Heey..- Max's voice is breaking from the sickness. MAX (CONT’D} Hey, asshole. We need to get in. The bouncer carelessly motions to another THUG who sits o plastic produce box, with an AK47 slung across his chest. gets up and uses a metal detector on Max and his chum.
47) 31) dialog: T’m sick, I....i’m dying.
47) 33) dialog: I need to get up there. I can pay you back when I’m cured, when I’m better. Then I can do whatever you want. But I need to get up there. Spider leans back in his chair. He starts laughing. Some the other techie gangsters start laughing with him,
47) 35) dialog: How many jobs did I do for you? How many? I’m asxing for help here, I need help Spider, please.
47) 41) dialog: Yes. Spider tosses the ball in the air, catches it as he think
47) 44) dialog: What is it? INT. SPIDER’S LAIR ARMORY Spider leads them inside. Serious guns and ammo lie all o the place. Spider goes over to a pile of tech and starts cummaging for something. He finally’ pulls out a small de
47) 53) dialog: What is it? eans back against the wall, getting more comfortable. Max shakes
47) 57) dialog: Fuck that.
47) 59) dialog: You know what the failure rate is with those?
47) 61) dialog: We couldn't even get into a hospital to install it.
47) 67) dialog: You swear?
47) 76) dialog: E pick the team, I don’t want your attack dogs turning on me when things go bad, and small numbers, just four of us.
47) 78) dialog: Do you know who the mark is?
47) 80) dialog: No. I know who it is. I know exactly who it is.
47) 82) dialog: John Carlyle. Spider starts laughing. Julio looks down shaking his head
47) 85) dialog: Yeah. He’s gonna pay.
47) 88) dialog: T want another ticket. Max points at Julio. Spider slows.
47) 90) dialog: Gocd luck finding somebody else. Spider looks at Max, knows it’s non-negotiable.
47) 94) dialog: You know a faster way to get up there? Jelio has no answer. Max gets close to him.
47) 95) dialog: This is it, man. This is our ticket. EXT. SPIDBR‘'S LAIR ~- NIGHT Gangsters mill about. Laughing. Smoking spliffs. A bevy o young favalitas flirting with them. We see a wiry gangste MANUEL among them. The fat guard sits with his AK47. FREY approaches the lair. She wears a hoodie over her nur uniform. She pulls out a crumpled piece of paper with an address. She looks up at the lair and triple checks the address. She watches the seedy patrons of Spider‘’s world She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a wad of cash. clasped together with a rubber band. She looks down at it And then puts it back in her hoodie. One of the tatted th suddenly spots her. He is swigging from a tequila bottle.
49) 21) text: Rhodes rises and joins the girls. They play on the grass together, a beautiful happy family. Off this tableau... INT. SPIDER’S LAIR - NIGHT Julio and Max walk through dark, dirty halls following Sp to a staircase descending deeper into the lair. INT. SPIDER‘S LAIR SURGERY - NIGHT Yhe basement level reom looks like a veterinary clinic, covered in graffiti. In the center is a makeshift surgery and several stainless steel tables of old medical equipme Around the table are three GANGSTERS wearing green medica aprons over baggy pants. One of them pulls his mask down speak. His face is tattoced. He is smoking a joint. He ta it out, looks at Max.
49) 37) dialog: When this thing is installed, will it hurt? The gangsters laugh.
50) 0) text: A filthy YOUNG MAX sits on the steps of a shack. YOUNG JU is with him, joking and laughing.
50) 1) text: An OLDER TOUGHER BOY comes down the stairs with a few oth young gang Members. Max stops laughing. The older boy sla him across the face.
50) 11) dialog: No.
51) 0) text: Max creeps into the girl’s room. He starts looking throug her stuff. She has very little. He opens a drawer in the dresser, a small worn woman’s WATCH sits alone. He steals it. He turns to leave but...the GIRL stands at door holding the laundry basket looking at him.
51) 4) dialog: What is this...? Spider looks at him, smiles.
52) 0) text: Julio stands in the morning light. A cigarette dangles fr his lips as he caresses the fresh ID on his wrist. Manuel and Sandro lean up against their crime vehicles. T all watch Max come slowly toward them.
52) 8) dialog: Where are the guns? Manuel takes a final drag, flicks the cigarette and pulls his heavy duffel bag. He slams it down on the hood of the car, ungips it and pulls out an old AK47. Hands it to Max
52) 9) dialog: What is this? Family heirloom?
52) 11) dialog: Emm. Yeah, this’11 do. Max climbs into the GYR and Julio hops in the driver's se Manuel hops into the pickup while Sandro fires up the eng
54) 0) text: Jolio is sweating, focusing on the road. Max grabs a walk
54) 1) dialog: You read me?
56) 1) dialog: Here’s the deal, Spider‘’s guys scrambled the shuttle, so Carlyle’s gonna have to drive cut to the launchpad. You get ahead of his ride. Then when the time‘’s right, we box him in. Pin him down. Any questions? None. Max puts down his walkie. He sees Julio sweating.
56) 8) dialog: Relax. You'll be fine. This is gonna work.
56) 10) dialog: No.
56) 12) dialog: Actually, maybe I am. Julio looks at him, smiles.
56) 14) dialog: Yeah. I’m actually shitting myself. Julio laughs. Max smiles at his friend, For a moment, the are like kids again. They slap hands.
61) 0) text: Max pulls out his handgun and kicks his door open.
61) 1) dialog: Here we GO. Max opens fire on the limo. His bullets ping pathetically the composite materials. The sentry gun spins and faces M
66) 6) dialog: Let’s see how you do against this. Max targets and fires a burst in the direction of the dro ULTRA SLOW MO: the droid lifts his gun to fire back, but small bullets come spiraling in, each of them detonating miniature airborne claymores. A magnificent shower of gol shrapnel, as the droid is tern to smithereens. Sandro ducks behind the PICKUP, he has the Laptop connect to his chest armor, booting up. He gives a go sign. Max gets up and runs toward the ravaged limo. Julio runs around the back of the pickup, breathing heavy.
66) 13) dialog: Go go go! Cut it open! Sandro jumps out with the LASER. Manuel covers him. Sandr lifts the beast cf a LASER and aims at Carlyle’s door. A bright red circular target is projected onto the door. MAX (CONT’D) HIT rv. Sandro presses the trigger. FIIZg4. The entire door area MELTED free in a millisecond, the shape of laser cutting across door and body alike. The huge steel plates clang o the road, smoking, leaving Carlyle exposed, drenched in s Suddenly the opposite side door opens and the second SECU DROID hops out with amazing specd. BRRRR, he fires a burs straight toward Manuel. Manuel dives behind the pickup. He flips the VISOR down on his helmet. It synes with the camera on his gun. The droid keeps firing at Manuel, but- Manuel sticks the barrel of his gun AROUND the pickup. He sees the droid in his visor, and he unloads on it, shredd its mechanical legs. As it goes down, it lunges at SANDRO hurling its legless torso at him, grabbing the LASER DEVI They wrestle with it violently, suddenly it goes off aime the pick-up truck. The beam SLICES the truck in half FLIP one half with glowing red edges over, almost onto Manuel. Manuel fires wildly at the droid, chewing the entire area shreds. Bullets fly dangerously close to everyone.
66) 14) dialog: Don’t hit the mark! Manuel holds his finger down, the 1000 round mag shreddin the street, pinging the limo. Hitting Carlyle in the ches MAX (CONT’D}
66) 18) dialog: 
69) 0) text: Julio keeps his eyes open, looking around the area as Max Sandro run up, Manuel keeps watch too. Waving people away Max leans into the LIMO, gun drawn on the ruthless CEO. M watches him as he breathes shallowly, his lungs punctured
69) 1) dialog: Tell me. How does that feel?
70) 3) dialog: You don‘t get off that easy. Sandro passes a long USB-like cable to Max.
71) 0) text: Max watches Carlyle, as Sandro types on the keyboard.
71) 1) dialog: i'm going to let you bleed ont. Carlyle struggles to form a sentence.
72) 0) text: Max looks at the data screen, beads of sweat dripping. 90 91% 92%. He looks up at the incoming ship. Closer, closer We cut to the data screen: 94% 95% 964...
75) 2) dialog: 
75) 5) dialog: What?! Manuel leans in, holding his massive gun.
75) 16) dialog: No! You can’t go! I need that data, that’s my ticket! The WHINE of the Raven turbines is now thunderous.
75) 18) dialog: We went through all this shit, bo If AGAIN! Sandro breaks Max's grasp and runs out.
75) 19) dialog: 
75) 22) dialog: i NEED THE DATA! LEMME GO! Max looks back at Carlyle who is losing consciousness.
77) 0) text: As Sandro runs, the deadly RAVEN finally gets right on to them. The turbines blow debris all over. Max tries to run, but he COLLAPSES. He clasps his head in pain. Julio runs over to him. Trying to lift him.
78) 0) text: Kruger leans out of the door, sees Max clasping his head, sees Sandro running like a trapped rat, Manuel close behi Kruger pulls a laser designator off his wrist computer, h shines it on Sandro. BEEEP.
79) 0) text: Sandro slides two Beretta handguns down their rails and i his palms. He sprays the entire area between him and the RAVEN. The hail of bullets splinter around Max.
83) 0) text: Julio hops into the driver side, screeches up to Max.
87) 0) text: The upside-down interior is smoky, filled with broken gla flames. Max comes to. He can baxely fit through the crush window, he uses his jaws-of-life pewer to crumple the car like a coke can. He drags an unconscious Julio out to saf
87) 6) dialog: Get it together get it together. Julio takes one last SHOT at Kruger. He misses. And-- WHHM. Kruger drives his knife through Julio’s chest. MAX (CONT’D)
87) 8) dialog: No no...nooescceoo! He looks around in desperation, looks over at Kruger who steaming, rising again. Max looks back at Julio. He looks over te see the RECOVERY TASK FORCE SHIP coming in fast. MAX (CONT’D) Please, JULIO, COME ON MAN! But Julio's eyes flutter.. dead. Max rips himself away fr his best friend, pained, limping as fast as he can.
88) 0) text: Max runs, clasping his stomach. He darts between old shac He turns back to see Kruger climbing aboard the RAVEN.
90) 0) text: Max limps and struggles through the run-down favela. He h the whine of the RAVEN behind him. A single OLD WOMAN lea pack of mangy DONKEYS. She stops when she sees Max. He can barely walk. He drops to one knee, tries to keep moving. The Gld Woman looks the blocdy gangster up and do
92) 0) text: We see Max hiding under the hooves, the jet wash overhead howling, dust swirling. He blinks hard, and... The Raven leaves the area to search other places. Max wat it disappear. So does the Old Woman. She clicks her tonqu and casually leads the animals away, not even looking bac Max looks down at his wound. He slowly pulls himself up, needing serious medical attention. He knows where he’s go
95) 0) text: Max hobbles through a shanty town. Fires burn. He sees th dilapidated hospital up ahead. He keeps limping.
98) 0) text: Max hobbles through people, on the verge of death. No one seems to care about him. He gets closer to the hospital.
98) 1) text: But he sees: A COP standing at the entrance. Max limps forward, the cop seems to be looking away, the huge glass doors open. Diseased people bustle in and out. One of Kruger’s UAVs flies overhead, coming in low like a hawk stalking its prey. Max sees it, and takes cover unde garbage dumpster. The UAV passes right overhead, the Litt propellers kicking up leaves and dirt as it hovers. Once satisfied, it takes off to search the next area, Max gets up, he watches the cop with eaqle-like focus. He moves over to the side of the hospital. Struggling with t pain, he looks through the windows. He catches a glimpse FREY as she walks in the opposite direction. Max uses all of his energy to walk in that direction. He heads down an ALLEY, holds onto the wall for support. He tries to walk more, but he collapses onto a knee.
98) 2) dialog: c'mon... get up. Max looks down the alley. A rear exit door is visible.
98) 3) dialog: C'mon motherfucker... GET UP!
100) 1) dialog: Frey... Frey stops abruptly, spins and Looks down amongst the garbage. Max lies curled up in blood. He raises hig hand. MAX (CONT‘D) Please... Frey locks at his wounds and the unbelievable stitches at back of his head.
100) 3) dialog: Nol. (coughs) No please...don’t go.
100) 5) dialog: Iocan’t. They'll kill me. Please. I came here to find you. You have to help me. Frey shakes her head.
100) 7) dialog: Please...they’1l find me. Frey, I’m begging you, please...don’t go in there. Frey looks at Max, his wounds.
100) 9) dialog: Not...not in there. He coughs. Frey looks at him, conflicted.
100) 11) dialog: No. (weakly) Please. I came here for you. I need you, Frey... Frey rises and walks away from Max. She looks straight ah but then stops abruptly and looks back at him, this dying in a dirty alley. As she makes her decision...
102) 19) dialog: Are we.... in your house?
102) 23) dialog: It's like a...hospital. Frey helpe him over to the gurney and lifts his legs onto bed. Frey starts moving faster, his situation deteriorati She grabs heart-rate monitors and medical equipment. She links them up to Max with lightning speed. She rips off his heavy tactical webbing, grabs medical scissors and cuts his shirt off, revealing the knife woun
102) 25) dialog: ok. Max's eyes begin to roll back in his head. We hear the he vate monitor suddenly flatline.., BBEEEEEEEEEP.
102) 36) dialog: Thinking.
102) 38) dialog: T‘m going to live there. Julio and the other kids laugh.
102) 40) dialog: Yes I am. I'm gonna be somebody someday.
102) 41) text: You think we'll still be friends? Max turns and leoks down at Julio.
102) 42) dialog: Yeah man, always. They slap hands, the same way they did before the heist.
102) 45) dialog: Thank you. Frey nods as she sips her coffee. MAX (CONT’D) You always see me at my best.
102) 47) dialog: You live here alone?
102) 51) dialog: A few days?
102) 53) dialog: I’m sorry, I’m...
102) 64) dialog: Helle. Max holds out his hand, along with its HULC stainless ste knuckle dusters.
102) 65) dialog: What's your name? Matilda looks away from him and nuzzies into her mom’s ch MAX (CONT’D) Too formal I think. The whole handshake.
102) 68) dialog: She’s beautiful. Like you. Who‘s her father? Where is he?
102) 72) dialog: And you think I can help?
102) 74) dialog: Obviously? What is it with you? i've been--
102) 76) dialog: itve been trying to live like a decent person, ok? I’ve been doing the right thing, and this, THIS is what I got for it.
102) 79) dialog: How do you know I'm going? She motions to the ID burned inte his wrist.
102) 86) dialog: You really have enough money?
102) 90) dialog: Can T get up?
102) 92) dialog: Yeah. Frey stands, tightens her sweater. She starts to go, stop
102) 94) dialog: He looks at her. She tries to hold back her emotion. FREY (CONT’D) i think you were sent to me. That’s what I think. He has no response. He watches Frey leave the house. INT, FREY HOUSE — LATER Max stands, looks at himself in the mirror. He inspects h body, Looks at the scars. He runs his hand over the banda He moves in close to the mirror looking at his own face. Suddenly he has a mini SEIZURE. The searing white light. migraine. His head wants to explode. He collapses down onto the ground. Breathing heavy. His fingers run up to the WETWARE socket in his skull, he feels it. Like a USB plug in his flesh.
103) 0) text: Max quietly enters the living room. Matilda lies sleeping the couch. He watches her for a beat and then... INT. FREY’S ROOM - CONTINUCUS Max walks into Frey‘’s room. He pulls open her cupboards. Starts looking through her stuff. Shoe boxes. Drawers. Fast jump cuts as he quietly rips the room apart. Finally finds a small box with a ballerina on it. He opens it. We see a ton of MONEY clumped together in neat bills. He the box down on the dresser and sits on her bed. He looks at himself in the dresser mirror. Stares at hims He suddenly grabs the money and counts it. A beat.
103) 1) dialog: Thank you god. He puts his hoadie on and buries the money in a pocket. H quietly walks out of Frey‘s room into--
104) 2) dialog: She'll be back in a minute.
104) 4) dialog: Oh, yeah. We both have them. The two stand awkwardly. She has a book in hand.
104) 13) dialog: Your what?
104) 15) dialog: A meerkat?
104) 17) dialog: Yeah, I wish that’s how it ended.
104) 19) dialog: Not in the real world, kid. (moves for the door) Be right back, ok? Before she can answer, he’s out the door. He closes it be him. Pauses there. Conflicted. Then he walks away.
105) 0) text: Max moves quickly down the road, but stops when he sees: UAV coming toward him, scanning.
105) 1) dialog: Fuck. The UAV spots him. it relays the info to-~- BO.
107) 0) text: Max moves fast, trying to lose the UAV, It flies over him fot letting him out of its sight. Max dives under a concrete OVERPASS to a highway. We hear UAV hovering and scanning. Max crawls under the narrow overpass, and gets away on the other side.
107) 1) dialog: Christ! Leave me alone! Max grabs basebali-sized ROCKS and starts hucking them at UAV, missing, missing, then PING! He cracks one of the propellers. It dives onto the ground and bounces down a filthy embankment. Max. scrambles away. EXT. LOS ANGELES — DAY The massive RAVEN flies down.
109) 15) text: INT. SPIDER‘'S LAIR - CONTINUOUS Max walks down the corridor, sweat beading off his forehe It’s loud and crammed with people shouting. Max checks ea room as he passes, searching for Spider. ¥inally he reaches the main room. Spider Looks over at hi
109) 17) dialog: You need to get me up there, Now.
109) 19) dialog: $0. It’s all there. Spider looks at the roll of cash.
109) 21) dialog: Who gives a shit? Put the fuel in the jet. Let’s go!
109) 23) dialog: Phat’s the right amount? That's a one way ticket. Fuck our other deal! Spider picks up the cash and hands it back to Max.
109) 26) dialog: I...f gotta get up there.
109) 37) dialog: Corrupt? CORRUP?T!? They came looking for me because of this fucking data.
109) 39) dialog: Some kind of CCB hitman came after me. Said he was going to CUT OFF MY FUCKING HEAD. For data which according to you is apparently fucking useless. Explain that, genius. Max starts hitting the side of his head.
109) 40) dialog: THIS! This! Stuff in my head. Codes, numbers, PROTOCOL, every time I think of it, I see it in my eyes, like a fucking nightmare! He forces his thumbs into his eyes, as if trying to stop migraine. Spider looks at him.
109) 42) text: Spider looks back at the monitors flashing NO FLY INITIAT He turns back toward Max, putting the pieces together. SPIDER (CONT’D) We have to see what's in your head.
109) 43) dialog: What?
109) 48) dialog: What, what is it? Spider is speechless. He turns to leok at Max.
109) 50) dialog: What is it?
109) 52) dialog: Humans could live there? Legally? Medical? All of it?
109) 55) dialog: How the fuck do we do that?
109) 57) dialog: Break into the mainframe? |
109) 64) dialog: The one in Elysium? The most protected in the universe? (chuckles coldly) If you want to kill yourself, go right ahead. Don’t expect me to go. Spider hobbles closer to Max.
109) 66) dialog: No. You're the one who doesn't understand. Max stands up aggressively. MAX (CONT’D} I don’t give a shit about your suicide mission. I just need a ride up there. You're a taxi service to me. Get it? You're a fucking BUS. Max throws the chair out of the way and starts leaving.
109) 69) dialog: If they want this thing so fucking bad? (MORE)
109) 71) dialog: Then they will cut me a deal, they'li give me WHAT I WANT. A ticket up there.
109) 73) dialog: Or I'll blow it up. Max walks out, Spider yells from the floor.
109) 114) dialog: Hey! Hey!! I’m right here. Come and get me, you sack of shit. Be realizes they are still leaving. Max runs down the roa toward the area where he escaped the UAV. INT. RAVEN — DAY Kruger steps close to Frey, almost kissing her cheek. 90.
110) 0) text: MAX’sS FACE comes up on one of the monitors. They can see yelling into the lens but cannot hear any audio.
110) 2) text: Kruger snaps his attention away from Frey. He walks over the monitor. He sees Max, then looks to his men.
112) 0) text: Max reaches into his pocket and pulls out the THERMAL GRENADE. He pops the pin. Holds it closed with his hand. Kruger emerges from the Raven. He walks out into the sunl towards Max. Max watches him coming like a hawk.
112) 2) dialog: If you ever want to use this bullshit (pointing to his head), you're going to do exactly what I say. You understand? Kruger stops walking. They stand facing each other. The h gun beating down on the road.
112) 4) dialog: Boes it lock like I WANT TO DIscuss THINGS?! Fly me up there. I need medical attention now.
112) 6) dialog: You can have whatever this shit is (pointing at head) when I’m healed.
112) 8) dialog: I swear to Christ, you make one move, I will blow this fucking thing and myself into red mist. Kruger nods and smirks.
113) 2) dialog: T’m....2....F didn’t... He turns to look at Kruger. MAX (CONT’D) Let her go for god’s sake. What che hell does she have to do with this? kruger turns to Max and smiles.
116) 0) text: Max watches Frey. He attempts to say something.
116) 3) dialog: Frey... She doesn’t look at him. Max glances over at Crowe, who stares back, getting uneasy in the Zero G.
116) 10) dialog: Puck it. He reels back and tosses the GRENADE all the way up to th cockpit. It clinks and rolis up to Drake.
116) 16) dialog: (to Frey) Cover your earsill Max is free in his seat, he moves fast and grabs Matilda. covers her ears and gets into a firm brace position as-~
119) 7) dialog: She’s fine, I got her. : Matilda is crying.
119) 15) dialog: (to Matilda} Go go, runt
120) 0) text: The force of the bullets knocks Max cut of the RAVEN onto dixt and the metal subsurface of Elysium exposed by the crash. Despite the violence, as soon as Max makes contact with Blysium’s surface, the mainframe becomes aware of him: HOLOGRAPHIC icons and data popup all around Max: “deal on HUGO BOSS,” “amazon account - not registered,” etc.
122) 0) text: Kruger huris the throwing knives with cobra-like snaps. B Max moves so fast that he deflects the blades in the aix.
122) 1) dialog: C'mon. You can do better. Kruger throws a barrage of four, Max smacks three out of air, one digs inte his stomach, he stumbles backwards. in the second it takes Max to pull the blade from his stomach, Kruger draws his KATANA and comes at Max full fo He swings his sword like a drunken pro. Max uses the exo- on his wrists and shins as steel shields. RLINK KLINK. Kruger‘s sword is stepped by Max‘s augmented limbs. But the sheer aggressive onslaught is too much, finally knocking Max back to the ground. The maniac stands over Max, puts a boot on his chest.
122) 8) text: a9. As Kruger brings the blade down, with bullet-like speed M grabs the shotgun and uses it as a shield. ULTRA SLOW MO: the KATANA shatters like glass, glinting pieces of titanium fracturing and splintering into the sunlight.. Twinkling in front of Max’s face. Max spins up and KICKS Kruger so hard, the kick PLINGS Kr back against the Raven like a rag doll. The coughing whee maniac drops the remains of his sword, trying ta breathe.
123) 0) text: Frey watches as the violence unfolds just outside the shi Max swings the shotgun up, cocks it and steps right up to ¥xruger who is now lying propped up against the Raven doo Max puts the shotgun in Kruger’s face.
124) 0) text: An ELYSIAN FATHER comes out cf his house to see Max execu Kruger. The man panics.
125) 0) text: Max walks into the smoky interior, and fires his shotgun the control panel. BOOM! The ship flickers, the harnesses snap open. Frey is released and falls against the wall. S slumps down. Max moves toward her, but she pushes past hi
125) 3) dialog: We gotta get out of here. Now. He turns to grab Frey, she rips her arm away. MAX (CONT’D) Look. I know words mean nothing, but T promise you right now if you want to get out of this alive, you have to come with me. Please. The HOMELAND DEFENSE RAVEN is coming in fast. Max grabs Matilda and pulls Frey. They run across the manicured law The smoking wreckage of the shuttle smoulders behind then
127) 7) text: iol. The droids fire again, tearing up potted plants and shattering tiles. Max turns and fires his RAILGUN at them HYPERSONIC ROUNDS tearing straight through the Raven. RHODES ducks as splinters of metal shatter through the ca Pin-pricks of light poke through the punctured hull. Frey keeps trying to find a way into the house.
127) 8) dialog: This way! Max and the girls run along the side of the mansion, and down stairs. The droids fire at them, blowing chunks out the earth, kicking up water from the pool. Max turns and fires, he BLOWS one of the droids away. The shattered droid boils across the cabin floor. Sparks and bolts ping around the cabin. Rhodes protects her head.
127) 10) dialog: Go go! Keep going! He lifts his rifle and takes a second to aim. He fires straight into the wing turbine. The engine explodes! The RAVEN immediately begins to lose altitude. Max gets up. As he sprints after Frey and Matilda, we see Raven smack into the lawn, like a very hard chopper landi
128) 0) text: Rhodes hangs on as it SLAMS tc the ground and comes to re Warning alarms blare. Rhodes uncouples herself and steps of the smoke into the sun. She looks around for Max. Gone
129) 0) text: Max and the girls keep running across mansion grounds. Ma clearly in sericus pain, struggling. Frey looks back.
131) 0) text: Max and the girls break through a perfect hedge. They rac marble steps. Max shatters a window and--
132) 0) text: Max lands on the marble floor. Frey and Matilda follow. T hear the roar of the CCB RAVEN outside. Max silently peers over the edge of the windowsill. He watches as the Raven screams by overhead, departing with Rhodes in it. He watches it disappear, then-- Max starts laughing, relief washing over him. Matilda gets up and runs through the immense house. Max slowly stands. He walks around taking it all in. He and Prey walk onto a back deck that looks out at the magnificence of Elysium. Bright flowers. Shimmering lakes
132) 2) dialog: Beautiful. Yeah. A look between them. They made it. An overhead computer voice begins reading features about house. It is for sale. Matilda runs into the children’s r
135) 0) text: Frey helps Max into the medical room while Matilda watche The room looks like a hospital MRE ROOM designed by poggenpohl. There is a medical table.
135) 1) text: Frey knocks the flower jars off and puts Max down. There one large button. She hits it. A laser scans Max‘s FAKE I A holographic menu pops up. A choice of cosmetic upgrades
135) 4) text: Max looks at Frey and Matilda. He touches the Armani logo The overhead cover begins coming down. Closing Max inside
137) 0) text: Spider smashes the door open. He walks inside following h tracker. it leads him to the MED BAY. He sees Max about t re-atomized and healed.
137) 4) dialog: What the fuck are you doing? What are you doing here?!
137) 6) dialog: I don’t care about your fucking DATA. I'M DYING. Do you know what I went through to get here? i
137) 9) dialog: Are you kidding? Get the hell out! Max tries to push him away.
137) 18) dialog: Get out! GET the hell our! fhe gangsters point their AK47s at Max.
137) 36) dialog: Ok... (turns to Spider) If f do this, it‘ll help her right? Spider nods. Max looks back down at his broken body.
137) 37) dialog: Let’s get on with it.
138) 18) dialog: You're sure this will work? This will give them what they need?
138) 21) dialog: How do we get through these? He points at the airlocks. Spider reaches into his bag an pulls out a swipe card connected to a handheld computer.
138) 35) dialog: Alright then. JUMP CUTS: various guns/ammo loaded into pouches. Zipped backpacks on. They stand at the front door to the mansion. About to lea Max takes a headset and earpiece from Spider. He puts it Frey walks over to Max. Quiet.
138) 37) dialog: Listen... I/m.....0 just....
138) 40) text: INT. CCB ARMORY —, Keuger sits on a medical bench as the MED BOTS BOLT a HUL SUIT into his bones. Similar to Max. But more expensive. high-tech. Like an F22 vs an F14. it’s magnificent. Once secured, Kruger goes to his LOCKER. Still has his na on it, He opens the locker and starts pulling out his gea
139) 0) text: Manuel and the gangsters run ahead into the night. The hu mansions flood-lit. Max and Spider follow. Guns drawn.
143) 1) dialog: What the hell was that?
144) 12) dialog: NO! Don’t leave him! Manuel lifts his assault rifle, pops off a few rounds, bu the bullets just glance off Kruger’s billion dollar HULC. 112. Kruger casually lifts his wrist, sending a beam that turn Manuel's gun into ASH. Manuel screams as his hands are bu Smoking embers of burning metal floating around the toom. Kruger spin-kicks Manuel across the room, the gangster bounces off the wall like a soccer ball. MAX (CONT’D) FUCK THIS. Max summons his energy, runs toward Kruger and LEAPS. lie smashes into Kruger, sending them both back, DENTING airlock door with 500 lbs of steal exo strength. Max grabs one of the throwing knives off Kruger’s vest an stabs it through Kruger’s wrist WEAPON. The device crackl and sparks. Blood leaking across the white stark ccB.
144) 21) dialog: come on come on-- Spider disengages the door, and they move fast into-- Int. GANTRY ELYSIUM The gantry is suspended hundreds of meters up, like a bri over the immense sub-structure of Flysium. It looks like something out of STAR WARS. Suge volumes of wind swirl. Max and Spider hobble along the gantry, MEDBAY and PROTOC station writing in signs overhead. Max looks up, sees: Kruger keeps coming, a relentless killer.
144) 23) dialog: No, no... He’ll never stop. A calm passes over Max, as Kruger hears down.
144) 24) dialog: You got nothing to fight for. I do. Max and Kruger collide in 4 deadly sequence cf moves.
144) 27) text: Kruger falls into a crumpled heap. They are at the end of gantry, where the ARMORY has MEDBAYS LINED UP, Kruger looks at Max’s dying body. He looks into the ARMOR then back at Max, choking, laughing. KRUGER (CONT’D) Your....friend...didn’t tell you everything, did he? Max looks at Kruger, confused.
144) 30) dialog: What..? Is that...true? A beat. Spider looks back at him. Yes.
146) 0) text: Max looks at Spider.
146) 1) dialog: 
146) 9) dialog: I’m not dying here. Frey listens to the conversation. She looks toward Matild
146) 11) dialog: And what? I have to die. That's my goddamn choice? Spider turns to see the security droids and politicians h arrived at the end of the GANTRY. Max gets up and stumbles toward the MEDBAY. Spider SHUTS security door behind them as they leave the gantry. He ME the control circuit, sealing it.
146) 12) text: Max stumbles over to a MEDBAY, and leans against the mach His fingers caress the “DIAGNOSE” and “HEAL” buttons. We hear the sound of cutting metal. Spider locks up to se CCB DROIDS cutting through the security door. Max blinks hard. He wipes his face and turns away from th machine. He looks back at the droids. He limps toward Spi
146) 13) dialog: Let's finish this. He motions to the final airlock before the PROTOCOL ROOM. steps away from the MED BAY, he has made his decision.
147) 0) text: Spider runs a bypass on the protocol door. The hydraulic opens revealing the PROTOCOL CORE, Max stands for a momen stares at the space, the inner core of Elysium.
149) 0) text: Max collapses next to the central computer. Spider closes seals the door behind them. fhe glass floor of the protecol room is the final barrier between the inside of Elysium and space. BARTH looms dire under them. Max looks down at the world that raised him.
150) 0) text: Frey sees Max as a small infrared heat dot on the screen. She is fighting back tears. She sees the Immigration Droi coming across the LAWN. She leans over and pulls Matilda closer. But doesn’t leave the monitor.
151) 0) text: Spider walks over to the central console and takes out hi little computer, he plugs his USB wire into the PROTOCOL. gives the other end to Max. Max clumsily plugs it into hi ewn head. He calmly looks back down at Earth. He remember the locket on his neck. He snaps it off, holding it.
151) 2) dialog: Prey. She swallows and then adjusts her mic to speak into it.
151) 4) dialog: Remember, when I stole your watch. SPIDER i Ok, syncing. PREY ‘ Yeah. :
151) 5) dialog: i'm sorry about that. It’s just.... I don’t know why I took it, I wanted to get into that stupid gang. |
151) 10) text: alv. Max opens the locket, looking at the image of Earth. The one he can see with his own eyes now. Spider types furiously, hacking into the system core. He looks up to see the DROIDS running to the final door.
151) 12) dialog: You forgive me?
151) 14) dialog: And then, I stole...... Matilda’s money. I’m really sorry, I swear. SLOW MO the sparks drizzle into the room. The security dr raising guns.
151) 16) dialog: For both times?
153) 5) dialog: WAIT. Give it to me. Spider hands the KEYBOARD to Max. Max takes it, With his other hand he drops the locket on the glass fleor. Two earths, one real one image, hanging there.
153) 6) dialog: Frey.
153) 8) dialog: Thank you. SLOW MO: MAX hits the ENTER KEY. His eyes close. His hand drops to the floor...... dead. The computer screen fills with billions of lines of code. BOOM. The door finally gives way. The DROIDS run in. They trailed by REP PATEL and a young politician, REP SMYTHE. droids GRAB SPIDER violently, beating him.
156) 0) text: Young prisoners line up against the wall. The WARDEN make them stick out their tongues, while he checks for contrab He walks up to ELEVEN YEAR OLD MAX.
156) 2) text: Young Max cries. The Nun sits cn the edge of his ratty be
156) 6) text: Humans all over Elysium come out of hiding. The old, the sick, all getting medical care in their Mansions. Shots of humans on earth scrambling for tickets to ships. SHUTTLES stuffed like Indian trains. Bound for Elysium. Prey and Matilda play in their garden. The huge orb of Ea floats behind them. Frey wears Max’s necklace now. She ho it for a moment. And then continues to play with Matilda.