0) 1) dialog: They are not so different to you Max. They are just rich. That's the only difference. They are rich.
1) 1) dialog: You see one day the rich decided that Earth was too dirty for them and they wanted a new place to live, so they built Blysium.
2) 0) text: Max lLeoks over at the nun skeptically.
2) 4) dialog: They just don’t get old the same way as us... EXT, ORPHANAGE -— CONTINUOUS Max goes back to serubbing-
4) 6) dialog: Well, some people do go there... We see the little girl get a fake ELYSIAN ID NUMBER burnt into her wrist. She winces. A FATHER and his YOUNG SON on crutches step forward. The father places the dirty cash d
5) 0) text: A filthy graffiti-covered rickety old space-ship shoots a from earth, heading toward the magnificent ring in the sk NUN (¥.0.) Actually many people go there.
6) 1) dialog: But it’s illegal, they don’t Like us there. EXT. ELYSIUM — DAY As the ship pulls wp to the surface...
8) 1) dialog: Some people stay...
8) 3) dialog: They stay as long as they can....
9) 10) dialog: And they are sent back here.
11) 3) dialog: Oh really. That’s good. How are you going to be rich?
11) 5) dialog: A dealer? Who have you been speaking to? Max looks down and goes back to scrubbing.
11) 8) text: The nun turns back to her washing.
41) 0) text: YOUNG MAX sits outside on a dilapidated merry go round in dirty, sunny orphanage playground. He has his head in his lap. His eight year old knuckles are bloody. The NUN we saw earlier walks out into the empty playgroun She calmly sits down next to him. He lifts his head and l over at her, he has a bloody nose.
41) 2) dialog: Yes I know. I know, Max. Max slumps his chin onto his knee, squinting in the sunli We see BLYSIUM through his Pov.
41) 4) dialog: You see how beautiful it looks to us from here? The torus looks stunning, glinting in sunlight.
41) 6) dialog: Well, look how beautiful we look from there. She opens the locket and it reveals a photo of BARTH from space. The blue marble. Equally stunning.
41) 7) dialog: You keep this. This is yours now. To never forget about where you come from, Little Max. She puts it into his hand. He closes his fingers. 30. INT. PACTORY MED BAY — DAY MAX POV: a blurred figure overhead. The image comes into focus. It is the small optical array “head” of the HAZMAT ROBOT. It runs a scan of him. A laser skims over Max.
156) 2) text: Young Max cries. The Nun sits cn the edge of his ratty be
156) 3) dialog: Everyone has one special thing Max, one thing that they are meant to do, one thing they were born for.