49) 22) dialog: Is this the guy?
49) 24) dialog: Shit, we gonna cut you up real geod,
49) 26) dialog: Ok man, let’s get the chief one of them identification codes! One of the “surgeons” hands Sandro a device that locks li nail gun. The end has a laser lens. SANDRO (CONT’D) Wrist up, bitch. Max extends his wrist. Sandro places the device over it. clicks the trigger, the tip of the device burns the ID in Max. There is a slight amount of smoke. Max grits his tee
49) 27) dialog: Have to burn it right in there, merge it with the DNA. (MORE )
49) 35) dialog: And now for the real fun. Sandro holds the small data port in his latex gloved hand taunts Max with it. Max doesn’t respond. He just starts taking off his shirt. Slow, steel. Resolved, MONTAGE - MAX is naked in a tiled recom as they hose him His hair is shaved. They draw incision lines on his bald head. We see computer monitors of vitals and internal ima
49) 36) dialog: Move it over to vivisection. MAX lies on a surgical table. Sandro stands over him. The other gangsters are getting ready. We see carts wheeled i full of the most godawful looking saws and instruments.
49) 38) dialog: Yeah bitch, it’s gonna hurt. A gangster grabs Max's hand and shoves a needle in betwee his fingers. Max winces in pain, but doesn’t make a sound SANDRO (CONT’D} Yo, Pablo, d’you got the bone saw down here?
49) 40) dialog: Yo! Marianna, hey, get the bonesaw. We hear mumbling coming from up the stairs.
49) 41) dialog: Huh?i...what!? I can’t hear shit, just get the bone saw bitch. Spider grabs his walking stick, he turns to qo. he an
49) 45) dialog: You should take a walk now.
49) 47) dialog: Ok...he’s out...bring in the ENDO. A large robotic bone-saw comes down and saws off the top Max’s skull like a cap. We look down on Max's face, his e closed. Specks of blood on his chin and neck.
52) 0) text: Julio stands in the morning light. A cigarette dangles fr his lips as he caresses the fresh ID on his wrist. Manuel and Sandro lean up against their crime vehicles. T all watch Max come slowly toward them.
69) 0) text: Julio keeps his eyes open, looking around the area as Max Sandro run up, Manuel keeps watch too. Waving people away Max leans into the LIMO, gun drawn on the ruthless CEO. M watches him as he breathes shallowly, his lungs punctured
70) 0) text: Sandro climbs in. He frantically pulls out the router cab
70) 1) dialog: We are fucked for time. Carlyle sees the DATA ROUTER. He lifts his finger and fee the data pert on his own head. With his other hand-- He suddenly pulls a gold plated DESERT EAGLE out of his jacket. Max and Sandro watch in disbelief as—— Carlyle Lifts the gun to his own head.
70) 4) dialog: Ok, plug this into him. Max grabs Carlyle’s head, forces the data flap open at th back and sticks the cable into the port. Sandro passes a second cable leading out of the data router to Max.
70) 5) dialog: CK, and this into you... Max plugs the cable into his own data port. Sandro furiou hits keys on his computer.
70) 12) dialog: Syncing.
71) 0) text: Max watches Carlyle, as Sandro types on the keyboard.
71) 3) dialog: OK, we’re synced. His finger hits the transfer button. The blue LEDs on bot their heads light up like IPODS. We see the DATA bar star copying on the small router sereen. SANDRO (CONT’R) Come on, baby. We hear the whine of jet turbines. Sandro looks out of th window to see the RAVEN approaching.
71) 4) dialog: Fuck me. TAT TAT. Julio PIRES at the RAVEN on the horizon.
75) 0) text: Sandro watches the screen intently.
75) 1) dialog: C'mon baby...almost there... BEEP. The data screen flashes: TRANSPER COMPLETE.
75) 4) dialog: Hang on! He types inte the data port, starts shaking his head. SANDRO (CONT‘D} fhere’s an error, I CAN'T READ the data. Something must be corrupted.
75) 7) dialog: The data is FUCKED. She the
75) 15) dialog: T’m bailing. Max grabs his shirt.
75) 17) dialog: Puck you, don’t touch me--
77) 0) text: As Sandro runs, the deadly RAVEN finally gets right on to them. The turbines blow debris all over. Max tries to run, but he COLLAPSES. He clasps his head in pain. Julio runs over to him. Trying to lift him.
78) 0) text: Kruger leans out of the door, sees Max clasping his head, sees Sandro running like a trapped rat, Manuel close behi Kruger pulls a laser designator off his wrist computer, h shines it on Sandro. BEEEP.
79) 0) text: Sandro slides two Beretta handguns down their rails and i his palms. He sprays the entire area between him and the RAVEN. The hail of bullets splinter around Max.
80) 0) text: Kruger calmly takes cover inside the ship for a second. H hand still out, pointing the laser on SANDRO. Not even watching his victim, he presses a button on his wrist tec
81) 0) text: BOCOGOOM!! Sandro EXPLODES in a blinding flash.