47) 28) dialog: You lock like shit. Julio helps Max into the room. He collapses into an empty chair, knocking over some cans and bottles and a keyboard
47) 29) dialog: Goddamn, watch yourself. Spider leans closer te Max, looking at him. SPIDER (CONT’D) What the hell's wrong with you?
47) 32) dialog: Interesting.
47) 34) dialog: Oh man, that is priceless. You think you just waltz in here and demand a ticket, and I’m going to give it to you like I’m some kind of magic genie that grants wishes or some shit? Maybe I can lend you my flying rug too. He laughs. Max gets really close to Spider's face.
47) 36) dialog: Do you have any idea how many idiots come in here saying this same bullshit? Do you think I’d be able to put food in my children’s mouths if I ran a fucking charity? The fuel alone is more than 85% of what I charge. And forging an identity for you? (MORE )
47) 38) dialog: That‘s two progremers for six days straight. Who's gonna pay for that? SERIOUSLY get the fuck out. Spider turns back to the tech guys.
47) 40) dialog: Wait... You said it’s terminal? This disease thing?
47) 42) dialog: You willing to take a chance then? There’s something I always wanted to do, but no one had the balls to do it. Spider grabs his walking stick and hobbles over to them.
47) 45) dialog: Here we go. The size of a matchbox, it has a tethered tail of wire ca in old blood. He puts it on the table in front of them. SPIDER (CONT’D) That my friend, is your ticket up there. One last job for me, earn your way up.
47) 56) dialog: Take an Elysian asshole, a billionaire, he’s down on earth doing some business, whatever. We hijack him OK?
47) 58) dialog: Relax. It gets much worse. Forget his watch, forget his ride, forget all that shit. (he taps his brow) This is what you take. Organic Information right cut of his head. Bank codes, passwords, log in data. Aecess to billions. We got a few hours before they figure it out and switch the codes, you‘ve extracted enough to fund your own army. his head, points to the data-port.
47) 60) dialog: Yeah. Tt’s why all these pussies always bail on me.
47) 62) dialog: No no, HOSPITAL? What the fuck? My guys are very skilled. You don't have to worry.
47) 64) dialog: Hey. These boys can hot wire a car in under ten seconds. 38.
47) 66) dialog: C'mon, you know it’s your only eption. You do this for me, I guarantee you a clean ID and a ticket up there. All you have to do is walk inte a house and use the med bay. Bingo, you’re cured.
47) 68) dialog: on my children’s life. Once we verify the data, I'll give you a one way ride, all expenses paid. I’ll even throw in snacks and a drink. Spider smiles, continues~~
47) 69) dialog: Sandro will do the surgery, he’s good, we do it right here. But actually... He xummages through more tech for something. He finds it: A HULC SUIT. A metal exoskeleton that fits to human limbs looks like a clump of STEEL, a dirt~bike chassis with joi SPIDER (CONT’D) You seem all weak and fucked up, so I’d have them install this too, you're already under the knife right? Ensure mission success. He slaps the HULC suit. SPIDER (CONT’D) Shit is hardcore. Last guy blinged it up a little, but it runs real good, The HULC on second inspecticn has been “lowridered.” Chro and sparkle green paint with gang artwork. Max considers.
47) 77) dialog: Nah, I'm sending my own data wrangler, I don't want to fuck this up, brain to brain data is real tough. Small numbers, yeah sure. I'1l1 give you Manuel, BALLS oF STEEL. You want him around. So that’s two plus you.
47) 79) dialog: I got some ideas, some rich business guys.
47) 81) dialog: Oh yeah? Who you thinking?
47) 84) dialog: The CEO of Biosphere, CARLYLE? That's better than any shit I woulda came up with. Fucking guy BUILT Elysium, built their operating system, built the police droids. You aim high son. Good job.
47) 86) dialog: Okay, you can shoot this motherfucker, stab him, do whatever you want, just don’t damage his head, Then you plug into his brain, Sandro copies the data to you, and bingo. You’re sipping margaritas on Elysium by sunset. 40.
47) 87) text: Spider starts to move, but-~
47) 89) dialog: And if I say no?
47) 91) dialog: Alright. Two tickets up there. Thirty minutes, downstairs. Spider leaves the room.
49) 21) text: Rhodes rises and joins the girls. They play on the grass together, a beautiful happy family. Off this tableau... INT. SPIDER’S LAIR - NIGHT Julio and Max walk through dark, dirty halls following Sp to a staircase descending deeper into the lair. INT. SPIDER‘S LAIR SURGERY - NIGHT Yhe basement level reom looks like a veterinary clinic, covered in graffiti. In the center is a makeshift surgery and several stainless steel tables of old medical equipme Around the table are three GANGSTERS wearing green medica aprons over baggy pants. One of them pulls his mask down speak. His face is tattoced. He is smoking a joint. He ta it out, looks at Max.
49) 23) dialog: this is him. The other gangsters laugh. Sandro takes a drag.
49) 25) dialog: Play nice, Sandro, play nice. And let’s get him an ID first. Sandro yells back at the guys.
49) 42) dialog: Alright, this is where I leave. Max slowly exhales. A tear runs down his cheek as he watc Spider go. Julio sits in the corner watching his friend.
51) 5) dialog: Your way out.
97) 8) dialog: What the hell...? They put up a net. Ground all our flights! The techie gangsters check commands on computers. A techi slams his keyboard and lifts his hands in the air.
109) 15) text: INT. SPIDER‘'S LAIR - CONTINUOUS Max walks down the corridor, sweat beading off his forehe It’s loud and crammed with people shouting. Max checks ea room as he passes, searching for Spider. ¥inally he reaches the main room. Spider Looks over at hi
109) 16) dialog: Oh god (moeckingly} somecne call the POLICE. Jesus, that's the last time E send you on a mission. Could you have fucked up any worse? Max tries te walk right in. A BODYGUARD attempts to stop Max effortlessly chokes him out and tosses him into the h Max marches right up to Spider.
109) 18) dialog: Bullshit, Manuel said the data is fucked. No data...no ticket. Now get the fuck out, and go downstairs so they can take back my suit. a2. Max slams ail the money down on the table.
109) 20) dialog: Where did you get that?
109) 22) dialog: We CAN‘T. Max shakes his head, the words don’t register.
109) 24) dialog: 
109) 27) dialog: Join the club. I don’t mean to be blunt but you need to get the fuck out of here. I need to see if we have a hope in hell, which I personally don’t think we do, of EVER getting back online. Max collapses forward, holding his head. He instinctively feels the data port scars on his head, rubbing them, in t frustration and anguish.
109) 28) dialog: What happened out there? Max doesn’t seem to hear him. SPIDSR (CONT’D) Answer me. How did you manage to get everyone killed? And corrupt the data.
109) 38) dialog: What?
109) 41) dialog: That‘s.... How can that be.
109) 42) text: Spider looks back at the monitors flashing NO FLY INITIAT He turns back toward Max, putting the pieces together. SPIDER (CONT’D) We have to see what's in your head.
109) 44) dialog: I think we may have caused this. Spider hobbles over to a computer console, grabs a long c and tries to plug it into Max’s head. Max siaps it away.
109) 45) dialog: Listen, Max...if they are hunting you, don’t you want to know WHY? Max considers. The words resonate. He lowers his hands. Spider plugs in. He fires up a program and the computer s Max‘s head. Huge monitors display billions of lines of co
109) 47) dialog: My god...
109) 49) dialog: They will hunt you to the edge of the earth for this. He slumps back in his chair, stunned by the discovery.
109) 51) dialog: We could make every human a citizen of Elysium. Vhat code gives us the power to run their whole system. Max looks down, holding the money he stole.
109) 54) dialog: Yeah. But I don't give a shit about that, have a nice house, whatever. I care about the larger picture... WE CONTROL THEM.
109) 56) dialog: Well...we fly up there, break into the central server and upload this into it. This data lets us take control of every single Biosphere droid. They have no military, no police, they only have these droids. Which means, I control them, I control Elysium. Max looks at him
109) 58) dialog: Yes.
109) 65) dialog: Listen kid, I can appreciate that you don’t have the capacity to understand how important this is. BUT YOU HAVE TO TRY.
109) 67) dialog: You selfish sonofabitch. You hold the key to flipping the whole system, and you don’t have the balls to man up and do it! Max rips the door open to leave, we see Spider clumsily g a tiny stamp of technology off his desk.
109) 68) dialog: Hey! Don’t you leave! Where are you genna go? Huh? Go curl up under a bridge somewhere? YCU NEED ME! Spider tries to stop Max, his uncoordinated hands feveris clawing for a grip on Max‘s chest. However, with a very f sleight of hand he sticks a tracking microchip on Max's H Max effortlessly pushes him back across the room, sending erashing into tables, computers. Max points to his own he
109) 72) dialog: Or WHAT? Max leans down to the knocked-out guard, pulis a grenade his kevlar. He holds up the grenade and points to his hea
109) 74) dialog: Come back here! You can’t give that te them. Spider desperately grabs for a walkie. SPIDER (INTO WALKIE) (CONT’D) Stop him! INT. SPIDER’S LAIR - VARIOUS We hear SPIDER'S crunchy RT voice echo off gangsters’ walkies. They attempt to step Max as he leaves, but-- He effortlessly takes them out, using the super-strength the HULC, his metal enhanced Limbs flashing in the shadow Max leaves bodies in his wake. He turns a corner and face A sea of destitute people. Refugees waiting for Spider to save them. Fach one needin ticket to the land of salvation. They look at Max, deep i his eyes. A big beat, and...Max starts walking through th We can hear Spider YELLING through the open door.
109) 75) dialog: They will NEVER bargain with you,
113) 12) dialog: Ok, where is he?
113) 15) dialog: Manuel, Rico, fire up the shuttle. Get weapons, get kit. We're going up.
118) 3) dialog: Got it... Go faster.
136) 0) text: SPIDER‘S graffiti-ridden ship comes in fast and lands on lawn outside the mansion. Spider hops out. Manuel and Ric hop out with him. Spider looks back into the shuttle.
136) 1) dialog: fake off, give them some exercise. The shuttle takes off behind them and leaves.
137) 0) text: Spider smashes the door open. He walks inside following h tracker. it leads him to the MED BAY. He sees Max about t re-atomized and healed.
137) 1) dialog: 
137) 5) dialog: You can't do that. Not yet. It'll destroy the data.
137) 8) dialog: Please....If you‘re re-atomized now, it‘ll scramble the data. You can‘t heal yourself, not yet.
137) 15) dialog: Will you Listen? There's another way. There’s another way asshole! Matilda cries, the fighting getting to her.
137) 20) dialog: NO! NO!! Don’t! Matilda's eyes roll back. She is having a full seizure.
137) 34) dialog: He can’t. It’s coded to his DNA. Frey collapses onto her knees beside the table. She choke back tears. She strokes Matilda's hair.
138) 17) dialog: We need to get that data out before you're healed. The healing process strips the atoms and realigns them, it will corrupt the data instantly. After we extract the data, then we'll fix you up. Plan is, we break in, download it, then get you here right away. (points to map) They have medical bays in the armory. Max looks over at Frey and Matilda. Frey has a wet cloth her brow, cooling her daughter down.
138) 19) dialog: Brother. If we do this, humans become citizens of Elysium. She can get cured right away. Along with nine billion others. Max contemplates the answer. Spider motions to the map. SPIDER (CONT’‘D) We drop in here. This is a back entrance to the control room. We follow his finger along the illegal map.
138) 20) dialog: All the way in here. Boom. This is the protocol room.
138) 29) dialog: Run a bypass. I always come prepared, son.
138) 31) dialog: It's much worse than that. He locks over at Frey.
138) 32) dialog: We could use your help.
138) 34) dialog: Just guide us. Real time satellite feed. When the shit hits the fan in there, you can be our eyes. Frey nods. Max stands, lifts an AK47, checks the breach.
138) 38) dialog: Let’s go, son.
139) 0) text: Manuel and the gangsters run ahead into the night. The hu mansions flood-lit. Max and Spider follow. Guns drawn.
144) 8) dialog: Come on, let’s move.
144) 22) dialog: Come on, keep moving! Max stops, watches this cold-blooded killer.
146) 0) text: Max looks at Spider.
146) 8) dialog: I'm sorcy man, I'm sorry. T didn't xnow how to tell you. You can still choose. It’s one or the other.
146) 10) dialog: You have the ability to save everyone, everyone. But i'm not going to force you, I Know I can’t. It's right there (points at med bay)... ¥ou choose.
146) 12) text: Max stumbles over to a MEDBAY, and leans against the mach His fingers caress the “DIAGNOSE” and “HEAL” buttons. We hear the sound of cutting metal. Spider locks up to se CCB DROIDS cutting through the security door. Max blinks hard. He wipes his face and turns away from th machine. He looks back at the droids. He limps toward Spi
147) 0) text: Spider runs a bypass on the protocol door. The hydraulic opens revealing the PROTOCOL CORE, Max stands for a momen stares at the space, the inner core of Elysium.
149) 0) text: Max collapses next to the central computer. Spider closes seals the door behind them. fhe glass floor of the protecol room is the final barrier between the inside of Elysium and space. BARTH looms dire under them. Max looks down at the world that raised him.
151) 0) text: Spider walks over to the central console and takes out hi little computer, he plugs his USB wire into the PROTOCOL. gives the other end to Max. Max clumsily plugs it into hi ewn head. He calmly looks back down at Earth. He remember the locket on his neck. He snaps it off, holding it.
151) 10) text: alv. Max opens the locket, looking at the image of Earth. The one he can see with his own eyes now. Spider types furiously, hacking into the system core. He looks up to see the DROIDS running to the final door.
151) 11) dialog: Shit. Here they come.
153) 1) dialog: Ef © don’t get this working soon, we are fucking dead. Spider puts his open hand to the biometric reader. -SCAN- Complete. -COMPILING- SPIDER (CONT‘D)
153) 9) dialog: 
155) 15) dialog: Guess who Elysium belongs to now, bitch? He smiles at the politicians as he leaves. The men look a each other, knowing their days are over. MAX’S BODY lays there dead. And we see one final flash of memory: