33) 0) text: The men rest in the ditch as BISCUIT, a slight inmate wit red bandanna tied around his head, dispenses water, one l per man.
33) 1) dialog: Drink it up!
34) 8) text: Disappointed, Claude turns to discover that the only seat left is next to Ray. Scowling, he limps toward it. Jangle Leg's eyes follow Claude as he approaches the tabl Biscuit smacks him.
34) 9) dialog: Eyes front, mister!
34) 30) dialog: (protective) They deserved it. Very strict.
34) 34) dialog: (scolding) On Christmas Eve.
34) 48) dialog: Those dogs they got can sniff a skid  mark in your underpants from a half- mile off.
35) 20) dialog: (wagging a finger) Shame, shame, that's your name.
39) 11) dialog: Thought you'd never ask. Biscuit  needs some gravy.
39) 13) dialog: Cost you a pair of nylons.
39) 44) text: Biscuit sides up, fingering her dress.
39) 45) dialog: That's a lovely dress. Make it  yourself?
43) 0) text: The long line levels a road to a work tune being sung by  Jangle Leg. Dillard checks the thermometer on the truck -- 90 degrees and rising. Mopping his brow, he starts down the line. The sun arcs overhead, a blazing inferno... Heat rises of the road... The men sweat profusely... "Taking it off her boss!" echoes up and down the line. Biscuit has his work cut out for him, lugging a water buc from man to man, offering the ladle. The sun... the hammer... the ladle... the axe... the sun. the hammer... the ladle... the axe... The mercury hits 11 degrees... A NEW GUY lets his hammer slip from his fingers, collapse in the dirt. Radio nods to Poker Face, who hands him a pa of cigs.
45) 22) dialog: A tisket a tasket...
45) 23) text: Biscuit is up on a makeshift platform in the bunkhouse,  lipsyncing to Ella Fitzgerald. But its not the depressing bunkhouse anymore, it has transformed into Ray's Boom-Boo Room. PULL OUT SLOWLY as Ray, decked out in a sleek tuxed steps in front of the CAMERA. He speaks into the CAMERA a he walks...
45) 47) text: Biscuit sings the song, smiling lovingly at her man. Ever is having a great time in Ray's Boom-Boom Room, until... Whistles blow. At the front door, Hoppin' Bob appears wit FIVE TRUSTIES dressed in police outfits. The incorrigible scatter.
69) 3) dialog: I'll take Claude for Friday. That's  my birthday.
72) 0) text: Biscuit moves down the line offering the ladle to the men they struggle under a crushing heat wave.
81) 0) text: The inmates of Camp 8 cheer for the American soldiers up a makeshift movie screen. Instead of black and white stri the prisoners now wear blue twill. In an audience of new  faces, the CAMERA FINDS some familiar ones. Ray and Claud are surrounded by their crew -- Willie, Radio, Poker Face Cookie, Biscuit, Jangle Leg and Goldmouth. A decade has  passed.
85) 7) dialog: And out.
86) 16) text: Blocker winks at Dillard, then glances at the incorrigibl practicing in the field. Goldmouth, Cookie, Poker Face,  Biscuit -- they don't exactly inspire confidence.
94) 12) dialog: Any fool could see that baby's mine,  boss.
95) 8) text: Blissed out incorrigibles enjoy a last dance as the band  downshifts into a slow, sultry number. In the midst of th dancers, Claude clings to Sylvia. Nearby, Jangle Leg danc intimately with a YOUNG WOMAN. Up on the porch, Ray refreshes Biscuit's drink. Biscuit h been crying and it shows. The liquor probably isn't helpi
95) 10) dialog: Hell with him. It ain't that.
95) 13) dialog: (devastated) What am I gonna do out there, Ray? I  can't go home to my mama like this.  I'll get the strap for sure.
95) 17) text: Ray gives Poker face a shove, then turns back to Biscuit.
95) 19) dialog: Not for me, it ain't.
95) 21) text: Ray hands back the papers and heads off to dance with a P YOUNG WOMAN lingering nearby. Left alone, Biscuit polishe off his moonshine and checks his reflection in the bunkho window.
95) 22) dialog: No life on the inside, no life on  the outside...
95) 23) text: He crumples the discharge papers and drops them. Then he  steps down from the porch and walks calmly past the danci prisoners toward the gun line. Ray lifts his head off his date's shoulder. Something abo the way Biscuit is walking suggests that he isn't going t stop.
95) 25) text: But it's too late. Biscuit crosses the gun line and keeps walking, his eyes focused on the horizon.
95) 29) text: But Biscuit isn't paying attention. He breaks into a run. Dillard nods to Hoppin' Bob who raises his rifle and draw bead. But he can't pull the trigger. He lowers his gun. Shots ring out from the shooter shacks. Biscuit reels fro the impact of the bullets and looks down sadly at the blo spreading across his ring-arounds... Prisoners silently gather at the gunline. Jangle Leg push his way through the crowd and crosses the gunline without hesitation. Dillard indicates for the shooters to hold th fire. They train their rifles on Jangle Leg as he strides toward his fallen companion. Jangle Leg gently lifts Bisc lifeless body into his big arms and somberly carries him  back toward the camp. The CAMERA RISES HIGH OVERHEAD as t prisoners make way for Jangle Leg to cross back over the  gunline.