34) 0) text: Wincing with each movement and covered in grime from the  day's labors, the new men bring up the back of the chow l COOKIE, the grub-slinger, slaps a large dollop of an  unidentifiable substance onto Ray's tray.
34) 2) dialog: Creamed chip beef on toast. Except  we're outta beef, so I had to  improvise.
34) 4) dialog: Those are for trusties, unless you  got thirty cents or two packs of  cigs.
34) 5) text: Another prisoner lays down some tobacco and gets a juicy  steak. Ray grabs a hunk of corn bread and makes his way t the back of the room. Claude steps up, holds out his tray for Cookie.
34) 11) dialog: (stepping up) Problem with the toast?
34) 13) text: Cookie glowers and takes a seat.
34) 32) dialog: At least he didn't kill Santa Claus  with his bare hands.
34) 50) dialog: Grandma Dodi's Pork Rib Joint.
34) 52) dialog: Didn't even get to have my peach  cobbler.
35) 5) dialog: I appreciate you going to all this  trouble over my corn bread. I don't  get a lot of compliments in my line  of work.
35) 6) text: Cookie shoves Ray back into the ring for more punishment. Claude emerges from the mess hall, munching on a piece of corn bread. He squeezes in between Poker Face and Willie.
35) 17) text: Cookie, Radio and Poker Face raise Ray to his feet. Goldm slings him over his shoulder and carries him toward the  bunkhouse. Dazed, Ray catches Claude's eye.
39) 21) dialog: You got your own nightclub?
39) 40) dialog: Them cookies in there?
45) 2) dialog: Still too hot to sleep.
45) 31) text: CLOSE ON Cookie sitting a table eating a huge porterhouse The CAMERA DOLLIES around to find Ray eating with him.
45) 32) dialog: Ray, my man, this steak is like  butter!
45) 34) dialog: How about some steak sauce?
45) 51) text: A loud burst of flatulence cuts through the darkness. Hop Bob turns his flashlight on Cookie.
45) 52) dialog: Sorry, Cap'n.
69) 1) dialog: I'll take Claude to die on Wednesday  for fifty cents.
81) 0) text: The inmates of Camp 8 cheer for the American soldiers up a makeshift movie screen. Instead of black and white stri the prisoners now wear blue twill. In an audience of new  faces, the CAMERA FINDS some familiar ones. Ray and Claud are surrounded by their crew -- Willie, Radio, Poker Face Cookie, Biscuit, Jangle Leg and Goldmouth. A decade has  passed.
85) 8) dialog: Mmm-mm, that girl's got gams.
86) 2) dialog: I handled your mama, didn't I? Don't  y'all worry. I got plans for that  bad boy. Ain't none of him going to  waste.
86) 16) text: Blocker winks at Dillard, then glances at the incorrigibl practicing in the field. Goldmouth, Cookie, Poker Face,  Biscuit -- they don't exactly inspire confidence.
87) 0) text: The inmates of Camp 12 are in the field. Our boys from Ca 8 cheer for Cookie digging in at the plate. Ray taunts th opposition from the third base line. The PITCHER winds up and releases a fast ball. Cookie swi and connects for a base hit up the middle.
88) 0) text: Cookie slowly turns the pig on a spit over an open fire. incorrigibles are savoring a victory feast. As always, tr guards keep an eye on things. Off to the side, Blocker is laughing with Ray and Claude. takes a hit off Ray's bottle of shine. It's not his first either.
92) 7) dialog: (glancing out the  window) Heads up, here comes trouble.
94) 13) dialog: I beg to differ. That cute little  rascal belongs to me...
109) 4) text: Wilkins heads into the station, leaving Claude alone with the Continental. All around him are the sights, sounds an smells of the free world. A woman rushes into the arms of man as he climbs off a bus. Across the street is Grandma  Dodi's Pork Rib Joint where Cookie never made it to the p cobbler. A young brother with a boom box walks by. In the street, kids crowd around the back of an ice cream truck. Then Claude catches his reflection in the car window and  frowns. When did he get this old? Unnerved, he moves arou to the back of the car and pops open the trunk.