3) 21) text: Disregarding the warning, Ray tilts the bottle back. Shak his head, the barkeep moves on to a paying customer. Ray' eyes follow a bottle of French Champagne as it is deliver to a nearby table. Here sits the straight-laced CLAUDE BANKS with his girlfr DAISY. She's enjoying the show. He's polishing the silver The WAITER pours two glasses of champagne and leaves the  bottle on ice. Claude regards his glass skeptically.
3) 23) dialog: Claude. Here's to your new job down  at the bank. I always knew you'd  make something of yourself.
3) 25) text: Daisy thinks she does. She leans in, eyes twinkling.
3) 27) dialog: I was hoping you were gonna say an  engagement ring, Claude.
3) 30) dialog: That's what respectable folks do.  Get a job, get married, start having  babies. That's what you want, isn't  it?
3) 32) text: Claude leans in to kiss Daisy on the lips. She offers her cheek. He departs.
8) 8) dialog: But I'm having a good time...
39) 0) text: The CAMERA FINDS Claude and Daisy walking hand in hand to a simple shack just beyond the gun line. This is the TONK HOUSE and Dillard is the gate keeper.
39) 2) text: Dillard considers Daisy.
39) 6) text: Daisy gets the picture. She reaches into her purse and ha Dillard a couple of dollars.
39) 8) text: Claude takes Daisy's hand and leads her over the gun line
41) 0) text: Reclining on a straw mattress, Claude watches intently as Daisy gets dressed. The rickety door reverberates with a  loud pounding.
41) 4) text: Daisy quickly buttons up her dress.
41) 6) dialog: Of course I did. He said he'd file  an appeal right away. You didn't  tell me he was so good looking.
41) 8) dialog: He seemed like a pretty good lawyer  to me. His offices take up an entire  floor of that big, new building on  125th Street, and he was using all  these words I never heard before. He  even offered me a job.
41) 10) text: Daisy smiles weakly and looks away. She doesn't have much faith in this promise.
41) 11) dialog: Listen, Claude, Maynard wanted to  know if he should file the appeal on  behalf of your friend, too.
41) 13) dialog: Sure, Claude, whatever you say.