34) 41) text: At the end of the table, GOLDMOUTH, a hulking specimen, s menacingly, flashing a glittering set of teeth.
34) 54) text: Just then, Goldmouth stands up, casting a shadow over Cla
34) 55) dialog: Hey, girl, you gonna eat your corn  bread?
34) 59) dialog: Maybe I oughta eat your corn bread.
34) 63) text: Ray looks at the faces around the room, smiles broadly.  Goldmouth is getting embarrassed.
35) 0) text: A punch sends Ray sprawling in the dust. Goldmouth looms  over him. The incorrigibles form a circle around the  combatants. Poker Face, the camp bookie, is taking all be
35) 1) dialog: How you like your corn bread now,  New York?
35) 2) text: Goldmouth and Ray square off. Goldmouth swings, Ray ducks and counters with a swift jab to the gut. Goldmouth just  flashes a shiny grin and clobbers Ray with a fist the siz of a Thanksgiving turkey. Ray sinks to the dust. Radio dr down near him.
35) 4) text: Ray shakes his head and staggers back to his feet. He cir the big man and gets in a couple of good shots, much to t crowd's approval. Goldmouth shakes his head and wipes the blood from his nose. Now he's mad. He grabs Ray by the sh and delivers a crushing blow. Ray reels backward into Coo arms.
35) 9) text: Just then Claude winces as Goldmouth delivers a jaw-crush uppercut that knocks Ray on his back. Claude bristles und the incriminating looks coming at him from all directions
35) 15) text: Goldmouth pulls back his fist and lets it fly. Ray hurtle through the crowd, collapsing in the dust. Willie steps i
35) 19) text: A quick elbow jab from Goldmouth and Ray is out for good. Disgusted with himself, Claude tosses what's left of the  corn bread to the mangy dog, who makes short work of it.
39) 23) dialog: So it don't exist.
39) 38) dialog: How was your train ride?
45) 4) dialog: I can't wait 'til Sunday.
45) 15) dialog: You mean Louis Armstrong?
45) 25) dialog: Hey, Ray...
45) 26) text: Ray looks to his left, sees Goldmouth in the old bunkhous
45) 27) dialog: Where am I at, man?
45) 29) text: The CAMERA PANS off Ray to Goldmouth, in a tuxedo, at the front door of the nightclub with two lovely ladies. He wa to himself, sitting on his bunk. Himself waves back, smil like a kid in a candy store. Willie is behind the bar, serving drinks to three gorgeou SKIMMIES.
69) 10) dialog: It's a mighty long shot, Willie.  Nobody ever made it a week in the  hole.
79) 2) dialog: Don't look too good.
81) 0) text: The inmates of Camp 8 cheer for the American soldiers up a makeshift movie screen. Instead of black and white stri the prisoners now wear blue twill. In an audience of new  faces, the CAMERA FINDS some familiar ones. Ray and Claud are surrounded by their crew -- Willie, Radio, Poker Face Cookie, Biscuit, Jangle Leg and Goldmouth. A decade has  passed.
84) 0) text: Jangle Leg pitches to Radio, who swings and misses. Behin the plate, Goldmouth tosses the ball back to Jangle Leg. the sideline, Ray teaches three-card monte to CAN'T GET R Claude paces nearby.
84) 12) text: Can't Get Right shuffles to the plate. Goldmouth hands hi the bat.
85) 2) dialog: That boy got a year for jay-walking.
86) 16) text: Blocker winks at Dillard, then glances at the incorrigibl practicing in the field. Goldmouth, Cookie, Poker Face,  Biscuit -- they don't exactly inspire confidence.
94) 0) text: Abernathy holds his newborn grandson up next to Ray's fac Hmm. Scowling, he moves a little further down the line,  scrutinizing the features of each man. He pauses in front Claude, holds up the baby. Maybe. Abernathy stops in fron Goldmouth. Holds up the baby. The possibility makes him  shudder. He moves on to Can't Get Right. His eyes narrow.
94) 16) dialog: I'm the father...