1) 0) text: A handful of people are gathered in an open field under a fierce Mississippi sun. A couple of young inmates, JAKE a LEON, lean on their shovels. They are waiting to bury two identical CASKETS with inmate numbers stenciled on the  pinewood lids. A GUARD rests the butt of his rifle on the ground and tak a long, healthy pull from his canteen. He offers it to th PRISON CHAPLAIN, who is much obliged. SUPERINTENDENT BILL BURKE, a 40-year-old black man, glances at his watch and  loosens his tie. Sure is hot. MARY HUMPHRIES, an elderly white woman in a nurse's unifo stands behind WILLIE LONG, an ancient inmate sleeping  peacefully in a wheelchair. She readjusts an umbrella to  shield the old black man from the blistering sun. Burke dabs his forehead with a handkerchief. He gives the nod to the chaplain, who steps forward and cracks his bib The men remove their hats.
1) 5) text: She leaves Willie alone with Jake and Leon. He rolls his  chair up to the edge of the graves and gazes at the pinew caskets.
1) 8) dialog: Why do I get the feeling when you  say some time, you mean some time.
1) 10) dialog: 1932? That's like, that's like...
1) 14) dialog: Come on, old-timer, hook the brothers  up.
1) 15) text: Willie passes the bottle to Leon, who takes a swig and wi from the unexpected kick.
1) 16) dialog: Hell of a way to get out. Heard they  burned up in that fire yesterday.
1) 19) dialog: What were they, bootleggers?
116) 2) dialog: (smacking him) No, they didn't get their pardons,  you dumb shit! If they'd got their  pardons way back then, we wouldn't  be burying them today, would we?
116) 5) dialog: Just like Elvis.
116) 8) dialog: What happened to 'em after that,  Willie?
126) 0) text: Jake and Leon shake their heads and look at the two fresh graves.
126) 1) dialog: Man, you really bummed me out. That's  a terrible story. (looking at Jake) Nigger, you crying?
126) 4) dialog: Hey, Willie, what was Claude's plan,  anyway?
126) 9) text: Leon and Jake do the arithmetic. You can almost hear the  gears grinding under the strain.
126) 10) dialog: You trying to tell us that's not Ray  and Claude in those boxes?
126) 13) dialog: I think that old man lost his marbles  about a hundred years ago. Come on,  let's get this over with.