34) 23) dialog: When he was 13 years old he killed a  son-of-a-bitch with a claw hammer.
34) 27) dialog: Armed robbery.
34) 29) dialog: She was my half-sister. Shit, I ain't  the son-of-a-bitch who poisoned my  own parents.
34) 45) dialog: Couple years back, Cookie made it  clear to Greenville.
35) 2) text: Goldmouth and Ray square off. Goldmouth swings, Ray ducks and counters with a swift jab to the gut. Goldmouth just  flashes a shiny grin and clobbers Ray with a fist the siz of a Thanksgiving turkey. Ray sinks to the dust. Radio dr down near him.
35) 3) dialog: Come on, New York, you can do better  than that! Get up and show him how  they do it in Harlem!
35) 17) text: Cookie, Radio and Poker Face raise Ray to his feet. Goldm slings him over his shoulder and carries him toward the  bunkhouse. Dazed, Ray catches Claude's eye.
39) 16) text: Radio looks up from a vacuum tube receiver he's busy  repairing.
39) 17) dialog: Hey, Ray, you ever been to the Cotton  Club?
39) 42) dialog: 'Scuse me, you got any batteries on  you?
42) 5) dialog: I bet the son of a bitch goes over a  hundred and ten.
43) 0) text: The long line levels a road to a work tune being sung by  Jangle Leg. Dillard checks the thermometer on the truck -- 90 degrees and rising. Mopping his brow, he starts down the line. The sun arcs overhead, a blazing inferno... Heat rises of the road... The men sweat profusely... "Taking it off her boss!" echoes up and down the line. Biscuit has his work cut out for him, lugging a water buc from man to man, offering the ladle. The sun... the hammer... the ladle... the axe... the sun. the hammer... the ladle... the axe... The mercury hits 11 degrees... A NEW GUY lets his hammer slip from his fingers, collapse in the dirt. Radio nods to Poker Face, who hands him a pa of cigs.
45) 3) dialog: Every bone in my body feel like a  big son-of-a-bitch dog got hold of  it.
45) 6) text: Restless, Radio rolls over.
45) 7) dialog: Hey, Ray, what's the name of that  nightclub of yours?
45) 9) dialog: That's it. The Boom-Boom Room. Sure  would like to see that place when  you get it up and running.
45) 45) text: Across the room, Jangle Leg, in a tux, sits at the piano. Radio, also in a tux, beats on the drums.
45) 48) dialog: Hey, Ray, looks like trouble!
45) 54) dialog: (whispering) Pretty good story, Ray. Didn't much  care for the ending though.
46) 0) text: Claude's playing pepper with Radio, Jangle Leg and Poker  Face.
52) 0) text: Radio's pulling in some jazz music out of New Orleans.  Prisoners hit their bunks as the floorwalker does the nig head count. He stops at Claude and Ray's empty bunks, gla around, puzzled.
69) 4) text: With an ear to his receiver, Radio slaps his money on the table.
69) 5) dialog: Weatherman says a heat wave's coming.  I say neither one of 'em son of  bitches gonna last past Thursday.
79) 1) dialog: What's going on? Are they alive or  dead?
81) 0) text: The inmates of Camp 8 cheer for the American soldiers up a makeshift movie screen. Instead of black and white stri the prisoners now wear blue twill. In an audience of new  faces, the CAMERA FINDS some familiar ones. Ray and Claud are surrounded by their crew -- Willie, Radio, Poker Face Cookie, Biscuit, Jangle Leg and Goldmouth. A decade has  passed.
84) 0) text: Jangle Leg pitches to Radio, who swings and misses. Behin the plate, Goldmouth tosses the ball back to Jangle Leg. the sideline, Ray teaches three-card monte to CAN'T GET R Claude paces nearby.
84) 5) text: Radio knocks a grounder up the middle.
85) 1) dialog: I heard Camp 12 got themselves a son- of-a-bitch used to pitch for the Mud  Hens.
94) 15) dialog: I'm the father, boss...
96) 0) text: A dark mood hangs over the men. Jangle Leg sits stoically Radio fiddles with his receiver. Nearby, Poker Face and R play a listless game of gin rummy. Claude is thumbing  distractedly through a dog-eared copy of Baseball Digest.
96) 1) dialog: Hey, fellas, I got Chicago.
117) 0) text: Ray and Claude, now in their nineties, sit under a tree i the courtyard listening to a Yankees game on a transistor radio.
117) 4) text: On the radio, the announcer voice rises in pitch as the  Yankees score. Ray and Claude share a satisfied look.