1) 0) text: A handful of people are gathered in an open field under a fierce Mississippi sun. A couple of young inmates, JAKE a LEON, lean on their shovels. They are waiting to bury two identical CASKETS with inmate numbers stenciled on the  pinewood lids. A GUARD rests the butt of his rifle on the ground and tak a long, healthy pull from his canteen. He offers it to th PRISON CHAPLAIN, who is much obliged. SUPERINTENDENT BILL BURKE, a 40-year-old black man, glances at his watch and  loosens his tie. Sure is hot. MARY HUMPHRIES, an elderly white woman in a nurse's unifo stands behind WILLIE LONG, an ancient inmate sleeping  peacefully in a wheelchair. She readjusts an umbrella to  shield the old black man from the blistering sun. Burke dabs his forehead with a handkerchief. He gives the nod to the chaplain, who steps forward and cracks his bib The men remove their hats.
1) 5) text: She leaves Willie alone with Jake and Leon. He rolls his  chair up to the edge of the graves and gazes at the pinew caskets.
1) 7) dialog: We spent some time together.
1) 9) dialog: I was already here a good many years  when they came in in 1932.
1) 11) dialog: Sixty-five years ago. They always  said the farm couldn't hold 'em  forever. Looks like you're finally  free, boys.
1) 12) text: Willie pulls a bottle of moonshine from his jacket and ta a swig in their honor.
1) 15) text: Willie passes the bottle to Leon, who takes a swig and wi from the unexpected kick.
1) 18) dialog: Ray's special recipe. He always had  exacting standards where the hooch  was concerned.
1) 20) text: Willie holds up the bottle, checking the clarity of the  liquor.
1) 21) dialog: Something like that.
33) 2) text: Willie exchanges two cigarettes for a second ladle. POKER FACE pulls a crumpled envelope from his shirt. His expres never changes, hence the name.
33) 5) dialog: Last fella who could read made parole  'round Christmas.
34) 20) dialog: Me? Willie Long.
34) 22) dialog: That's a long story...
34) 24) dialog: They never proved that.
34) 36) dialog: What did you guys do?
34) 42) dialog: Goldmouth? They say he was born out  back behind the shithouse. That's  what they say.
34) 44) dialog: They run but they never get too far.
34) 47) dialog: (nodding) It's a two-day walk if you don't get  lost. Take a mighty cagey country  boy to navigate the woods and bayous  between here and there.
34) 53) dialog: The most important thing they got in  Greenville is a train that heads up  north.
35) 6) text: Cookie shoves Ray back into the ring for more punishment. Claude emerges from the mess hall, munching on a piece of corn bread. He squeezes in between Poker Face and Willie.
35) 7) dialog: Your pal's getting the tar whipped  out of him on your account.
35) 15) text: Goldmouth pulls back his fist and lets it fly. Ray hurtle through the crowd, collapsing in the dust. Willie steps i
35) 16) dialog: The man's taken enough of a beating.  Let's get him inside.
39) 19) dialog: What's the Boom Boom Room?
39) 34) text: The motley crew gathers around, nodding politely. Goldmou flashes a golden grin. Willie gallantly doffs his cap.
39) 35) dialog: Mrs. Gibson. Shame on Rayford here  for failing to mention that he had  such a beautiful mama.
42) 3) text: Ray and Claude jump down after Willie.
42) 4) dialog: (squinting at the sun) Looks like a scorcher.
43) 1) dialog: Man down, boss!
45) 11) dialog: Last night? What are you talking  about, Ray?
45) 29) text: The CAMERA PANS off Ray to Goldmouth, in a tuxedo, at the front door of the nightclub with two lovely ladies. He wa to himself, sitting on his bunk. Himself waves back, smil like a kid in a candy store. Willie is behind the bar, serving drinks to three gorgeou SKIMMIES.
45) 30) dialog: Hey, Ray, I could get used to this!
49) 0) text: One by one, the prisoners of Camp 8 climb into the mule c under the watchful eye of Hoppin' Bob. As each man passes he removes a pebble from his pocket. The last one in is  Willie. Hoppin' Bob's pocket is now empty.
69) 7) dialog: I got a crispy new dollar bill says  both of them gonna make it.
69) 8) text: This gives the men pause. Willie tosses his money on the  table.
69) 12) text: But Willie leaves the money where it is.
73) 8) dialog: Let it ride.
81) 0) text: The inmates of Camp 8 cheer for the American soldiers up a makeshift movie screen. Instead of black and white stri the prisoners now wear blue twill. In an audience of new  faces, the CAMERA FINDS some familiar ones. Ray and Claud are surrounded by their crew -- Willie, Radio, Poker Face Cookie, Biscuit, Jangle Leg and Goldmouth. A decade has  passed.
92) 2) dialog: Why not? Boy's got God-given talent.
94) 10) text: Confused, Abernathy looks back and forth between the two  men. Then Willie steps forward.
94) 11) dialog: Actually, it was me, boss. I know I  may look old...
95) 0) text: It's visiting Sunday and Ray's Boom Boom Room is in full  swing. Sylvia's girls are everywhere. Down at the gunline Dillard takes his cut from inmates lined up for their tur in the tonk. A FIVE-PIECE PRISON BAND is playing the blue Nearby, Willie is dispensing Ray's moonshine from a bunkh window. He raises a jar in a toast.
95) 1) dialog: To Superintendent Abernathy. May he  have many more grandchildren!
95) 4) dialog: Wasting your breath, Claude. He ain't  the type to kiss and tell.
98) 0) text: On the porch, Willie, now in his 70s, sits in a wheelchai watching the ball game on a black-and-white television. A TRUSTY waits nearby. Ray, now in his mid-60s, emerges fro the bunkhouse lugging a duffle bag.
98) 2) dialog: They'll be sending you up there soon  enough. And not just for a visit,  neither.
98) 4) text: He gives Willie a slap on the back and nods to the trusty The trusty wheels the old man across the yard where YOUNG PRISONERS mingle with WIVES and FAMILY MEMBERS sporting t fashions of the early '70s -- Afros, mutton chops, paisle prints and bell-bottom pants.
116) 0) text: Jake looks at Willie expectantly.
116) 4) dialog: Old man Wilkins' never came out of  that bathroom. Died right there on  the crapper.
116) 6) dialog: Of course nobody believed Ray and  Claude.
116) 9) dialog: After that? Well, let's see. After  that they got old. We all got old.
118) 0) text: "Oprah" blares on the television. Old convicts linger abo in various states of repose and decay. A young ORDERLY po to the music on his Walkman as he pushes a cart through t ward. Over at a table, Ray and Claude play poker with Willie, a SHAKY OLD JUNKIE and TWO YOUNG GANG BANGERS. The currency the table isn't poker chips, it's pills of various sizes colors.
118) 9) text: Ray pushes his bet to the center of the table. The shaky  junkie folds. Willie tosses in some pills and turns to Ga Banger #2.
118) 10) dialog: Looks like it's up to you, stinky  ass sniffer.
118) 17) text: The remaining players match the pot. Gang Banger #2 revea his cards. Willie frowns. Ray lays down his cards and  victoriously sweeps his winnings into a paper cup. Across the room, Nurse Humphries enters with a tray of snacks. S too, is showing the years.
121) 0) text: Coughing and disheveled, Ray emerges onto the lawn pushin Willie in the wheelchair. As other prisoners evacuate the building, Ray looks around for Claude, but he doesn't see him. Nurse Humphries takes a quick head count.
123) 0) text: Nurse Humphries, Willie and the rest of the inmates watch grimly as flames engulf the building. Nobody could surviv this blaze. From the highway comes the siren wail of  approaching fire engines. But it's too late. Sparks erupt into the night sky as the roof collapses...
126) 3) dialog: It's alright for a man to cry once  in awhile. Just don't make a habit  of it.
126) 5) dialog: Nothing to it, really. Claude figured  they could steal a couple of bodies  from the morgue. They got a couple  of crackers working there don't know  their asses from their elbows. Then  they was gonna set fire to the  infirmary and make it look like those  bodies was them that got stuck inside.  Claude figured during the commotion,  it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto  one of the fire trucks and hang tight  until it rolled right on out of here  in the morning.
126) 6) text: The young inmates share a look, then glance into the grav then look back at Willie.
126) 8) dialog: I never said it didn't work.
126) 11) text: Willie starts to chuckle and sets his electric wheel chai on auto-pilot, leaving the young inmates to guess at the  truth.