17) 0) text: A ramshackle den of iniquity on the banks of the Mississi The band is laying down some serious Delta blues, creatin an inviting atmosphere for sin and moral corruption. On a far side of the room, Ray is playing poker with some LOCALS. He seems to be having a bad night. WINSTON HANCOC a formidable black man, sweeps in another big pot and puf happily on his cigar.
17) 19) text: The dealer tosses Ray a couple of cards. INSERT -- Ray fans his cards to reveal a full house. After considering the other players at the table, Ray pus what's left of his money into the center of the table. Th three other PLAYERS fold with disgust. Winston squints lo and hard at Ray, then pushes everything he has into the c of the table.
17) 20) dialog: I'll see that...
17) 21) text: Winston reaches into his jacket and throws down some more money on the pile.
17) 22) dialog: And while we're at it, let's sweeten  the pot.
17) 24) dialog: (reaching for the pot) That's just too damn bad, ain't it?
17) 27) dialog: That'll cover it.
17) 30) dialog: Four threes.
17) 31) text: Ray sits back, stunned. Winston rakes in his winnings. Th game is over for the night. The three other players head the bar.
17) 32) dialog: Don't take it too hard, New York.  Have a round on me.
17) 33) text: Winston tosses a silver dollar to Ray, who snatches it ou of the air. Winston drops his hat on his head and moves  through the crowd and out the door.
17) 35) text: Ray shakes his head. Carefully, she begins to clear the t Suddenly, he grabs her wrist. Winston's glass tips over. flips over the cocktail napkin to reveal an extra pile of cards.
18) 0) text: Ray dashes into the street, glancing both ways. No sign o Winston. Damn.
19) 0) text: Winston produces Ray's pocket watch and pops it open. A s crosses his face as the mechanical tune plays. A sheriff's sedan rounds a corner, illuminating Winston i its headlights. The car pulls up and SHERIFF WARREN PIKE  steps out. Distinguished by a casual cruelness, he's a yo white man who loves his uniform.
19) 2) text: Winston tries to move past Pike, but the sheriff blocks h path with a night stick. As Winston backs off, another sq car pulls up behind him. TWO DEPUTIES step from the car,  guns drawn.
19) 4) dialog: I tried to leave, Sheriff Pike. But  your wife begged me to stay.
19) 5) text: Pike slams Winston with his club, sending the black man t his knees. As Winston struggles back to his feet, a stile flashes and he lunges for the sheriff, slashing his cheek The deputies grab Winston from behind, holding him by bot arms. The long knife clatters to ground. Pike touches his face, examining the blood on his fingers.
23) 2) text: Suddenly, the bloodied figure of Winston Hancock lurches  from the shadows and grabs Claude by the lapels. Claude i too scared to scream, staggering backward. But the man's  grip loosens and he slips to the ground.
23) 4) text: Ray turns back to find Claude trembling with fear and cov in blood. He just points down. Ray eyes widen. He kneels  down and turns Winston's body over.
23) 15) text: Ray gingerly releases Winston's lifeless body.
23) 21) text: Claude and Ray hoist Winston's body to its feet. The man  raises his lantern, takes a closer look at Winston's face