116) 0) text: With a Lucky Strike clenched between his lips, Frank pick the packet on the table and is pissed to discover it's em He crushes it in his fist and crosses to the door.
117) 0) text: John and Sam are gone. Frank steps out and locks the door He flicks away his cigarette as he heads down the stairs. CAMERA FOLLOWS the butt as it cartwheels into SAM'S LAP. He's crouched next to John at the side of the porch. He frantically begins trying to extinguish the stub. John clamps his hand over Sam's mouth and snuffs the cigarette between his fingers. Once Frank's safely around the corne John releases his hand. The duo silently climbs onto the porch. John squats in fr of the door. His hand shakes as he holds it out towards t lock and concentrates.
120) 17) dialog: Stay planted or I'll blow your friend's head off. Henri looks at John in shock.
120) 26) dialog: 
120) 30) dialog: I don't know what they're called. The one in the red coat said he'd kill me if I didn't do what he wanted. This revelation stuns Henri.
120) 32) dialog: He told me to call if anyone came asking about the video. Sweat beads John's face from the mental exertion.
120) 34) dialog: 
122) 0) text: BLAAAAM! -- the door is shredded off its hinges and flies down the stairs. The Mogadorian patrol storms through the cloud of splinters. Frank and Bret lie where they fell, b there's no sign of John, Henri or Sam. Pissed, one of the Mogadorians strides towards a small blacked-out window. He punches out the glass with his fis and catches sight of Sam clambering over the back fence!
124) 0) text: CAMERA TRACKS the swish of a familiar red coat as its own slowly descends the stairs, PANS UP PAST his right hand, which methodically twists two meditation balls, TO REVEAL THE MOGADORIAN COMMANDER. He's the one who slaughtered Number 3 in Africa. His men part as he steps into view and crosses to Frank and Bret are chained to chairs. A Soldier stands behind each one. Frank looks at the Commander in terror.
124) 1) dialog: I called you like I said. It's not my fault they got away! The Commander steps into the moonlight that seeps through window. We get our first good look at his face. A gnarled scar runs down his right cheek, identifying him as the sa Mogadorian Henri wounded in the escape from Lorien. His s is deathly pale and his eyes have a cold purple tint.
124) 8) dialog: How should I know? The kid had me pinned to the ceiling. The Commander turns to Bret.