32) 6) dialog: You got a problem?
32) 8) dialog: Football players get priority.
32) 15) dialog: Unwritten rule.
32) 17) dialog: If you don't know your place around here, things can get rough. John holds his ground.
32) 19) dialog: You want to talk trash? Let's see you back it up. John tries to stand, but is suddenly overcome with a wave pain. He looks down at his hands and is alarmed to see
32) 21) dialog: Get up! SILENCE has fallen. Still clenching his fists, John rises and stumbles out into the hall. OFF Sarah's concern as sh watches him exit...
42) 1) dialog: is behind the wheel and watches as her headlights fade in the night. OFF his simmering jealousy...
51) 0) text: Sarah sits in the stands, doing homework, watching Mark a the football team practice in the cold metallic floodligh ON THE FIELD the ball is hiked to Mark. He looks for an opening and fires a perfect spiral to the RECEIVER in the zone. Mark thumps chests with Kevin and looks up at the stands, only to discover that Sarah is gone.
54) 35) dialog: Coach wants me to rest my arm before the scouts come. You didn't answer my question?
54) 38) dialog: Seriously, Sarah, what's up with this guy?
54) 40) dialog: But you had time to go to his house the other night. Sarah looks at him, stunned by the admission.
54) 47) dialog: Just trying to figure out what's going on with you. Sarah's shock turns to anger.
54) 49) dialog: This isn't over. OFF John, unmoved by the threat...
60) 4) dialog: (to John, taunting) Told you it wasn't over. Behind them, Sam's laid-back persona cracks. He frantical clears his locker, looking for something. He finally pull out a photo which drips with ink, reels at the jocks.
81) 0) text: A rocky promontory overlooks a crescent-shaped waterfall which drops into a swimming hole below. The Zombie Jocks carry Sarah into view and dump her in front of Mark. She' wild-cat angry when she sees him.
81) 2) dialog: Relax. It's a practical joke.
81) 4) dialog: Why do you give a shit?
81) 6) dialog: I'm the best thing that ever happened to you and I'm giving you one more chance. Appalled by his hubris, Sarah turns to leave.
81) 7) dialog: Don't walk away from me! Mark grabs her. Sarah wrenches free, but loses her balanc and falls back on the ground. Mark's rage is transplanted concern. He steps towards her to help when --
81) 10) dialog: Where the hell are Kevin and Joe? John holds up a clutch of night-vision goggles.
81) 17) dialog: Hey, those are police property! John flings them over Mark's head into the water.
81) 18) dialog: I'm going to kill you! With lightning speed, John grabs Mark's arm, spins him, pinning him to a tree. Blinded by rage, John jerks Mark's arm up behind his back.
91) 0) text: The walls are now adorned with Thanksgiving banners. John and Sam head past the lockers. Mark and the Jocks move ou of their way, acknowledging the new high school dynamic.
97) 0) text: Mark silently stews when he sees Sarah and John sitting together at a table.
108) 0) text: Red candles flicker. Sarah's DAD is expertly carving the turkey. Everybody is at the table. John sits next to Sara She holds his hand under the table. It's Hallmark worthy until the carriage clock on the mantel CHIMES. IT'S SIX O'CLOCK.
142) 0) text: MUSIC THROBS. John works his way through the throng of partying TEENS. He passes a RED-HAIRED TEEN BOY recording the event on a FlipVideo camera. A hand grips John's shoulder. John turns to find Mark Jayne.
142) 1) dialog: You weren't invited.
142) 3) dialog: She doesn't want to see you. John shoves him aside and heads for the sweeping stairs..
145) 0) text: Sarah and her friend, EMILY, sit on the bed with Mark's t dogs, Abby and Dozer. A wedge of light cuts across them a the door opens and John steps in.
149) 0) text: The panicked evacuation spills out. A window EXPLODES and orange flames lick the cold night air. John sees Emily stumble out clutching one of Mark's dogs, Abby.
149) 9) dialog: It's too late. You can't get through! John ignores him and runs into the inferno.
157) 0) text: The spinning lights of a trio of fire trucks FLARE THE LE CREWS hose down the last smoking embers. A DEPUTY approac Mark, who is standing by a police cruiser.
158) 0) text: Mark climbs in the back. He looks around nervously as the vehicle starts off.
158) 1) dialog: Where are we going? Is this about the fire? It was an accident.
158) 10) dialog: Yeah, John Smith. But I didn't invite him.
158) 12) dialog: I'll help you find him. He points to Sarah's image on the screen.
158) 13) dialog: He's not at Sarah's, I already checked. And one of my dad's deputies drove by his house -- nada.
158) 15) dialog: I've got Sarah's cell number, maybe you guys can trace it? The Commander takes the phone and passes it to one of his in the front. He looks back at Mark.
163) 0) text: The Commander climbs out. Mark follows but is distracted a trio of black SUVs speeds into the lot followed by a tractor trailer from which inhuman GROWLS echo.
163) 1) dialog: What the hell's in there? He looks back at the Commander who is arming up from the trunk of the SUV. Mark glimpses the arsenal of future-tec machine pistols, double-bladed swords and heavy-duty dagg He backs away in fearful realization.
163) 2) dialog: You guys aren't FBI. Before he can run, a Mogadorian Soldier grabs him by the and constrains him. The Commander pulls
165) 4) dialog: They said they were FBI. That John was a fugitive. What the hell's going on?
165) 7) dialog: I didn't know they were trying to kill you. (genuine, to John) I'm sorry.
168) 0) text: Henri, Sarah, Sam and Mark race into view. Sarah stops, panicked and afraid.
170) 2) dialog: My dad's the sheriff. He slides two across the floor. The door opens. They swin up to fire but find -- John and Six.
173) 0) text: Sarah is in the lead. Sam and Mark follow, holding the wounded Six. They've almost reached the end when
174) 0) text: Sam, Mark, Six and Sarah hurtle across the field. When th reach the track, Sarah looks back and smiles with relief John and Henri burst out of the tunnel.
175) 0) text: The stadium looms in the distance. Sam wrenches the dagge from Six's shoulder while Sarah and Mark anxiously watch.
179) 8) dialog: The Sheriff's Department is starting to put up roadblocks. You guys better get moving. Six and Sarah join them.
180) 0) text: Sam sits behind Six on her motorcycle. John holds Bernie he straddles his Harley. Bernie morphs into a gecko and darts into his pocket. Sarah studies John and Six, unsure John THROTTLES the bike to life, then looks back at Sarah He fights a pang of jealousy when he sees her standing at Mark's side. RAIN spits as the motorcycles start off.