28) 3) dialog: His name's Mark Jayne. Quarterback, sheriff's son, he's three years into the best four years of his life. John begins retrieving the fallen books. Sam helps.
28) 4) dialog: Do yourself a favor -- stay off his radar.
28) 6) dialog: You were talking to Sarah Harte.
28) 8) dialog: Mark and Sarah have been exclusive since Freshmen year.
28) 14) dialog: If there's another guy in her airspace, he shoots them down. You got a warning shot. John piles the books into his locker.
28) 16) dialog: Look, you're new, so let me tell you how things work in this misnamed backwater. Football players are gods -- the rest of us are mere mortals. If you want to survive, keep your head down and don't make waves.
28) 18) dialog: Obviously a wise man.
32) 0) text: John joins the line. He sees Sarah sitting by herself, inspecting a photographic contact sheet. His view is bloc by Sam. John rubs his hands which are oddly sweaty.
32) 1) dialog: First day here and you're already destroying school property. So much for not making waves. John moves past him and grabs a tray. He's flushed and hi face is now hot and red.
32) 3) dialog: I hear the real spectator sport was Mark and Sarah's blowout. John wipes his brow, distracted.
32) 4) dialog: Dude, you okay?
35) 0) text: Disoriented, John staggers down the hall. Sam catches up.
35) 1) dialog: Dude, hold up! John leans against the wall, keeping his hands out of sig
35) 2) dialog: You look like crap. I'll get the nurse. But as Sam runs off, John heads in the other direction.
49) 0) text: Sam is at his locker. He glances over at John's, hoping he'll show. Disappointed, he joins the crisscrossing thro
60) 0) text: Sam catches John at the lockers.
60) 1) dialog: Nice freakout the other day.
60) 5) dialog: Assholes. John looks back at Sam. Mark seizes his chance and launch a sucker-punch at John. But John sees it out of the corne of his eye and in a blur of motion whips up his hand and
61) 0) text: Red, ink-stained water Hitchcocks down the drain. John wrings out his black T-shirt. He sees Sam's reflection in the mirror. Sam puts some clothes on the bench.
61) 1) dialog: I raided lost and found. He holds up a puke-green sweater decorated with red snowm John turns back to the sink.
61) 2) dialog: I know. Nobody loses anything cool. He sits and begins to change.
61) 3) dialog: Dude, the way you thrashed Mark back there. Awesome move. John acknowledges that with a nod. Whip-dries his shirt. Sam plucks up the photo. The ink is now dried and cracked
61) 5) dialog: My dad. My real dad. I took it the summer before he split.
61) 12) dialog: He dragged me and my mom all over the Yucatan. He was looking for evidence of ancient astronauts. All I got was Montezuma's Revenge.
61) 15) dialog: I know. Insane. He called himself an anthropologist even though he only made it through one semester of college. He rises and tosses the ruined picture into the trash.
61) 16) dialog: Always thought he'd come back one day -- who was I kidding. The guy's a joke. As the BELL RINGS...
71) 0) text: A Halloween parade drifts past the CROWDS packing the sidewalks. Icicle lights twinkle in the trees. EXCITED KI in costume zigzag past John. It's small-town Americana at its best. ET waddles by holding a JEDI's hand. A SLAP ON GLASS. John turns and is amused to find Sam standing among the mannequins in the display window of a sporting goods stor
72) 0) text: An annoying CHIME plays as the door opens and John enters The store is deserted. The stock needs to be updated and shelves could use a dust. Sam approaches wearing an apron
72) 2) dialog: Not by choice. (pointing to sign) Ed's my stepdad. He's under the delusion that if people eat enough candy apples and kettle corn, they'll suddenly have the urge to buy sporting goods. John plucks a hockey mask from the basket on the counter.
72) 3) dialog: I put those on special tonight for any wannabe Jason Voorhees. Sam pulls off his apron, revealing a T-shirt emblazoned w the words “Future Supervillain”.
72) 9) dialog: Screw this. Let me lock up. I'll hang with you. He steps to the door and twists the closed sign into view
72) 11) dialog: He hit the tavern at 6:00. He's already hammered by now. I'll probably find him passed out on the doorstep. Every night is trick ‘r treat at my house.
73) 0) text: John and Sam wander past the parade floats lined up along road bordering the woods. Stalls sell hot dogs and cotton candy. John subtly scans the crowd.
73) 1) dialog: She's over there. John follows Sam's gaze and finds Sarah taking shots of s KIDS dunking for apples. She pulls the camera from her ey sees John and smiles as he approaches.
73) 3) dialog: Guidance Counsellor said I need to set goals for myself. Figured I'd aim high. She looks back at John.
73) 13) dialog: I'm impressed. Before John can respond, Sarah steps back.
73) 15) dialog: Three on a wagon might get a little crowded. I'll meet you two on the other side. He gives John a not-so-subtle wink of encouragement. John and Sarah join the end of the line and watch Sam head awa
78) 0) text: Sam is waiting by the exit to the hayride when he hears -
78) 7) dialog: Sarah? She doesn't answer. He hesitates a moment, then charges i the woods.
80) 0) text: Sam scrambles blindly through the darkness.
85) 0) text: John dumps his hoodie on the floor and slumps on his bed. pulls his phone out of his jeans and sees a new text mess from Sam. He CLICKS it open.
88) 0) text: John slides into view. It takes a second for his eyes to adjust. A pickup sits under a white tarp. There's no sign of Sam until he Boo Radley's out of the shadows behind hi
88) 1) dialog: I've narrowed it down to three possibilities: you're a genetic experiment, you're a freak of nature, or you're an extraterrestrial.
88) 3) dialog: Your hands lit up like a firefly on crack, you tossed those football players around like crash test dummies, and you took off faster than an Olympic runner.
88) 10) dialog: 
88) 13) dialog: I just want to know who you are. John looks at Sam, realizes he's not going to give up. He hesitates, then finally surrenders...
88) 15) dialog: Your dad... he's from there too?
88) 18) dialog: I won't tell anyone. John nods, grateful.
88) 19) dialog: There's something I want to show you.
88) 21) dialog: The cops found it abandoned in the middle of Route 20, just south of White Sands, New Mexico. It was my dad's. He went missing six years ago. He was on one of his crazy fact-finding trips. He believed we weren't alone in the universe. Sam rubs his hand across the hood, wondering.
88) 27) dialog: Mom figured he was having an affair and took off. All these years I thought she was right. Now you're here.
88) 29) dialog: It proves he wasn't crazy. I'm starting to think that he didn't bail on us... that maybe something else happened out there -- that he was taken. The moment is broken by the SLAM of the front door and th sound of ANGRY FOOTSTEPS. Sam instantly tenses.
88) 30) dialog: Guess the bar closed.
88) 34) dialog: If he finds you here, it'll be worse.
91) 0) text: The walls are now adorned with Thanksgiving banners. John and Sam head past the lockers. Mark and the Jocks move ou of their way, acknowledging the new high school dynamic.
94) 0) text: John helps Sam with a dusty box. It's stuffed with Sam's dad's old papers and books. We CATCH tantalizing glimpses images: Stonehenge, Machu Picchu, the Rings of Saturn...
111) 0) text: Sarah steps out just in time to see John climb into a pic truck. It's the one from Sam's garage.
112) 0) text: Sam is behind the wheel.
112) 2) dialog: Anything to get out of Thanksgiving at my house. He offers John a weary smile.
112) 3) dialog: I checked out that blog on the way over. Saw the video. What was the deal with your ankle? John pulls up his khakis, shows Sam the trio of scars.
112) 5) dialog: They kind of look like the symbols in my dad's research.
112) 8) dialog: How about the ones you said were hunting you?
114) 2) dialog: I don't see his SUV anywhere.
114) 4) dialog: Stole it from Ed.
115) 10) dialog: They might know where my dad is! John realizes Sam is determined. He sweeps his hand back over the kitchen door. His palm illuminates a familiar CRYSTAL-HANDLED DAGGER. It's lying on the counter by the fridge.
115) 12) dialog: Wait! Other than strength, speed and night-light, what powers have you got?
115) 14) dialog: No invisibility, X-ray vision, flight?
115) 16) dialog: Okay. I'm ready. Let's do it. But as John reaches for the door handle, the kitchen ligh suddenly turns on and a MAN enters. He's built like a wrestler and goes by the name of FRANK.
117) 0) text: John and Sam are gone. Frank steps out and locks the door He flicks away his cigarette as he heads down the stairs. CAMERA FOLLOWS the butt as it cartwheels into SAM'S LAP. He's crouched next to John at the side of the porch. He frantically begins trying to extinguish the stub. John clamps his hand over Sam's mouth and snuffs the cigarette between his fingers. Once Frank's safely around the corne John releases his hand. The duo silently climbs onto the porch. John squats in fr of the door. His hand shakes as he holds it out towards t lock and concentrates.
117) 1) dialog: Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry up. There's a LOUD CLICK.
117) 2) dialog: You just dead bolted it! Way to go!
122) 0) text: BLAAAAM! -- the door is shredded off its hinges and flies down the stairs. The Mogadorian patrol storms through the cloud of splinters. Frank and Bret lie where they fell, b there's no sign of John, Henri or Sam. Pissed, one of the Mogadorians strides towards a small blacked-out window. He punches out the glass with his fis and catches sight of Sam clambering over the back fence!
123) 0) text: John, Henri and Sam pile in.
123) 2) dialog: I must have dropped the keys! Henri keeps his cool, looks at John.
123) 12) dialog: Hurry up! John's brow is furrowed with concentration. The Mog unsheathes his sword as he runs. With a superhuman leap, lands on the hood -- TWAAAAACK! John and Henri spin out o the way as the sword SHATTERS the windshield and impales the back of the seat, missing them by a mouse hair. As the Mogadorian withdraws the sword to strike again, He sweeps up his dagger and stakes it into the Mog's neck.
125) 0) text: Vermillion clouds streak the heavens. Sam's truck pulls u next to Henri's SUV, which is inconspicuously parked in f of a 24-hour pharmacy.
126) 0) text: John turns to Sam.
126) 4) dialog: Is he serious? John nods, numb.
126) 5) dialog: What am I supposed to tell people?
132) 0) text: TIGHT ON A DIRT DEVIL as it snorts up beads of broken gla REVEAL SAM cleaning the evidence of the previous night's adventure. Cardboard covers the missing passenger window.
133) 0) text: Sam climbs out of the truck and is startled by Sarah.
133) 7) dialog: I don't know. He tries to avoid eye contact, but she is determined.
133) 9) dialog: Forget about him, Sarah. Incredulous, she grabs his arm.
133) 11) dialog: He left with Henri and he isn't coming back. Ever.
159) 0) text: Sam is at the kitchen counter, watching the YouTube video his laptop, when headlights bleed through the blinds.
160) 0) text: Sam steps out and reacts in surprise as Henri emerges thr the headlight glare.
160) 2) dialog: No, but he's all over the internet.
160) 4) dialog: Those things from Warsaw -- they're coming, aren't they?
160) 6) dialog: The hell it isn't. I'm coming with you. OFF this declaration...
162) 0) text: Henri careens through the night with Bernie and Sam.
165) 14) dialog: What is it, boy? Henri sees where Bernie is staring and realizes...
168) 0) text: Henri, Sarah, Sam and Mark race into view. Sarah stops, panicked and afraid.
170) 0) text: Henri and Sam crouch behind one station while Sarah and M hide in the one opposite. Henri pulls a selection of weap from the backpack. He hands one to Sam, looks over at Mar
173) 0) text: Sarah is in the lead. Sam and Mark follow, holding the wounded Six. They've almost reached the end when
173) 2) dialog: I play a lot of Xbox.
174) 0) text: Sam, Mark, Six and Sarah hurtle across the field. When th reach the track, Sarah looks back and smiles with relief John and Henri burst out of the tunnel.
175) 0) text: The stadium looms in the distance. Sam wrenches the dagge from Six's shoulder while Sarah and Mark anxiously watch.
179) 13) dialog: I have to find out if the Mogs took my dad. Six turns to John, who is not bending, then glares at Sam
180) 0) text: Sam sits behind Six on her motorcycle. John holds Bernie he straddles his Harley. Bernie morphs into a gecko and darts into his pocket. Sarah studies John and Six, unsure John THROTTLES the bike to life, then looks back at Sarah He fights a pang of jealousy when he sees her standing at Mark's side. RAIN spits as the motorcycles start off.