11) 1) text: ALEX DE LEON, disheveled, exhausted. A beer and a smoke i his bloody hands. He's oddly charismatic, clearly very shrewd. Leaning against the wall, relaxing after his exertions. He gestures for Jaque to sit on a paper covered chair.
11) 3) dialog: You came here to face me like a man. I respect and appreciate that. Thank you. JAQUE . What can I say, Alex? They say we choose our fates but I never stole from you. My family is my concern now.
11) 4) dialog: There is no threat to them. You are very brave. Alex gets a cell call, checks the number, ignores it. (CONTINUED)
11) 7) dialog: You knew Larry's hand was in my pocket? Jaque nods: yes. Alex notices his nice watch. Gestures fo it, Jaque guiltily hands it over. Alex admires it. GQ approves. Alex puts it on.
11) 8) dialog: How does the money disappear? Where is the break in the chain?
11) 10) dialog: Thank you, Jaque. Alex likes hurting people, it's hard for him to cut Jaque . some slack.
11) 11) dialog: You earned this. Quick. No pain.
11) 13) dialog: Let's go to California. GQ reacts. .
11) 15) dialog: Burn this trash.
26) 0) text: Establishing. Alex pulls up to the Valet in a new Porsche
29) 0) text: Alex follows the Navigator, gloating. He checks his watch Pulls out his Nextel.
29) 1) dialog: (into Nextel) I have to go to the hotel for dinner. I'll join you later then we'll go to work on the son-of-a-bitch. A SIREN behind him. It's a MOTORCYCLE COP -- Who is not after Alex, but follows the Navigator, which has just run red light. Alex reacts. .
31) 1) text: Suddenly Alex BLASTS PAST, his Porsche presents a much ju target to the MOTOR OFFICER. -Wno GUNS HIS BIKE and gives chase. -
31) 2) dialog: (filtered) . Go, get out of here. I can take care of this guy. The quick police Harley pulls right on Alex's bumper. Alex slows, crisply pulls to the side. Turns off the engi The Navigator has already slipped around the corner. The Motor Officer warily crosses to Alex's sedan, gun out shining his maglite in the car. Alex rolls down the windo
31) 4) dialog: No, sir. The speedometer cable is binding.
31) 6) dialog: I have this. I'm out here researching my doctorate. Alex produces a Harvard student I.D. and a Massachusetts license. Nonplussed, the Motor Officer examines the documents.
31) 8) dialog: It's a rental. Isn't it part of the contract? The insurance.
33) 0) text: 80 blue jumpsuited inmates mill about. Alex De Leon sits a corner with a meek looking Tagger. They open their bag lunches. An apple and a cheese sandwich.
33) 3) dialog: What do they say you did?
33) 8) dialog: Fuck you, homes. It takes a beat for the insult te process. The Cholo swin at Alex. Lo and behold; Alex is a skilled martial artist. He destroys the first guy. Next, with a serious of brutal kicks, he drops the second guy. . @ Then as a final flourish, kicks Cholo 1's thigh -~ CR Breaking it. (CONTINUED)
34) 0) text: On the freeway. Alex and the others shackled in back. Ale by a window, watching the commuters pass.
34) 2) dialog: Because the world is right there but you can't touch it. The Veterano regards Alex and nods his agreement.
36) 0) text: Alex takes a seat across from his attorney, Kathy, she is confident, connected. And worried.
36) 1) dialog: Good morning, Kathy. Any luck?
36) 6) dialog: Get me out of here. If lawbooks aren't working, use guns. Tell my friends to hit the bus when they take me to court. Kathy nods: she understands.
46) 0) text: Four DEPUTIES talk about last night's baseball game. INMA shuffle onto the bus in shackles. Alex is chainec to the Tagger and Veteranc. CuT To:
55) 0) text: A wide-eyed CIVILIAN CLERK watches an INTERPOL WARRANT wi ALEX'S PHOTO printing out of the fax. The Clerk snatches the warrant, runs to a supervisor's office. CUT To:
61) 0) text: GQ aims at the Driver -- PFFFT-CLACK-PFFFFT-CLACK! -~ Kil the Driver toc. THE INMATES stare in disbeliet. Not Alex. He was expecting this. The Veterano looking at Alex.
62) 7) dialog: Let's go. Get these off. GQ unlocks his hands and ankles. Alex nods for him to unl the grateful Veterano. Again, from the RADIO:
67) 0) text: GQ moving the Eurothug 1's body out of the way so he can take the’wheel., Alex in back seat, scrunching down out o the gunfire. Rounds PINGING through the car.
67) 3) dialog: Who are these son's of bitches? GQ ° They're good. They're very good. Go. I'll hold them off. GQ grabs the shotgun. He hands Alex a pistol. Alex is str by his rare fidelity. Alex is out the car like a shot, running towards an alley Shielded by the big cement columns. BOOM! GQ fires. Pellets whistle between Hondo and Street. BOOM! GQ is hit with buckshot, slumps in the seat.
69) 0) text: Street running at top speed. Chasing Alex, who is surprisingly agile. a Street running, crosses a parking lot. Enters another all Street catching up. Alex turns and fires over his shoulder. (CONTINUED)
69) 8) dialog: And you're a dead man, cop. Street reacts. There's something scary about Alex. cUuT TO:
70) 0) text: A caravan of SWAT Suburbans and black and whites heads to Parker Center. A very strong escort for Alex. cut To:
71) 0) text: LAPD UNIFORMS guard the area. A couple dozen FEDS wear bl windbreakers emblazoned with an alphabet soup of letters. A BULLETPROOF SEDAN enters with Alex in back, flanked by Street and Hondo. Sanchez, Deke and TJ follow in a second sedan. The Feds, crane and gawk at Alex like he's a rock star. His hopes of escape dashed, Alex appears sullen. (CONTINUED)
72) 8) text: | Alex takes a deep breath and shouts to be heard over th i din. o i
72) 9) dialog: | - I will pay one hundred million dollars to whoever can break me out of jail. ~ One hundred million deollars-- Hondo and Street jerk him away from the podium. The room electric. Alex smirks as Street slaps his hand over his ! mouth. .
73) 1) text: INSERT TV -- Street and Hondo escorting away Alex. Poker turns to his Biker buddies.
79) 0) text: Street helps Alex out the door. SWAT SNIPERS ring the helipad.
79) 1) dialog: I'm not flying on that thing.
86) 0) text: CRACK! THE ROTOR separates, WHIPS free. Street grabs Alex, hurls him to the ground. THWACK! A chu of ROTOR BLADE hits the wall where they were standing.
88) 4) text: Smoke and flame. Wreckage in the street below. Aghast reactions. Alex is surprised-as anyone. Street drags him back into the building as Hondo and the others form a tig protective ring. SWAT Snipers still searching through their powerful optic Nothing. | . : CUT To:
89) 2) text: Street angrily looks at a bank of SECURITY CAMERA MONITER that show ALEX in a helding cell. Deke and TJ guard him.
97) 4) dialog: I'm not going in the sewer.
99) 0) text: A larger tunnel, Alex slogs through the muck, his escorts. Hondo's radio CRACKLES with é GARBLED VOICE.
99) 14) dialog: Listen you hyperactive freak, I'ma lot of things, but I've never broken my word. Street gets Alex moving.
99) 16) dialog: I want a tetanus shot. cuT TO:
101) 7) text: Hondo, Street, TJ, Deke, Sanchez, Boxer and Alex exit the storm drain, filthy, wet.. : :
103) 8) text: 1 Street glares at Alex.
103) 24) dialog: I'm an innocent man. When this mistake is cleared up, I'm suing all of you. . Street looks at Alex, senses the scope of his crimes, g serious.
103) 26) text: Nods of agreement from his comrades. Ad-libs of "me too." Td We all will. Alex is surprised by their conviction. Street points at h Swat patch.
105) 4) dialog: No, there's just enough idiots like you to screw things up. cuT To:
109) 0) text: The team runs. Alex draped over Deke's shoulder. The sound of GUNFIRE behind them. The CRACK of a rifle bu passing overhead.
114) 0) text: ' Boxer leads Deke alongside the house, carrying Alex on broad shoulders. Boxer stops. Looks at Deke -- Does a jujitsu move, kickin out Deke's legs. Deke falls to the ground. Boxer shoves his MP-5 machine gun in Deke's ear.
118) 0) text: [BOXER AND ALEX an Run alongside the warehouse reach the corner.
120) 0) text: Barreling up the L.A River -- Already near the foothill t the North. Poker unlocks Alex's shackles. Alex massages his wrists.
120) 1) dialog: Thank you. CLICK-CLACK -- Poker handcuffs him to a hand strap in the Longranger. He hands Alex a cellphone.
120) 3) dialog: Fifty million cash. (CONTINUED)
120) 7) text: i ALEX This is a lot of money. I mean physically, several hundred pounds of currency. This will be very difficult for you to transport. Poker grins at his scurrilcus buddies.
120) 9) dialog: A hundred million american dollars in cash. We're agreed then. Good. Tney shake. Alex dials his cellphone.
123) 0) text: On a long parched abandoned cattle ranch. Five MOBILE HOM form a makeshift fort. The Longranger slows, leans back on its tail and does a t and go, landing just long enough so Alex, Poker, Boxer an the three Bikers can hit the ground running. They carry nondescript cases of weapons and equipment. Th Longranger climbs back into the sky and speeds away. The dead silence of the desert. Alex reacts to the ramshackle surroundings.
123) 2) dialog: De you get the soccer matches?
125) 1) dialog: Watch in fascination as the helicopter rolls across the desert. Cur To:
129) 0) text: Poker and Alex are inside. Poker takes aim with his rifle disappointed to have just missed Deke. The Bikers SHOCTIN steadily at the crashed helicopter in the distance.
129) 1) dialog: Get me out of here now. Call that helicopter back.
129) 4) dialog: I'll show you the Alps sometime. Poker looks through his rifle scope. Waiting for TJ to ru for it. (CONTINUED)
133) 3) text: Cut To: EXT. POKER'S COMPOUND - DAY . The LONGRANGER flares in to land. ‘e e ANGLE ON | Alex and Poker are waiting to hop on board with backpac outdoor gear.
133) 16) dialog: I own five of these. Let's go. Alex hops in the pilot's seat. Poker throws the bass Alex checks the cockpit with quick familiarity. Alex the throttle and yanks the collective back
134) 1) dialog: Hold on! WHAM!. Chopper hits, the skids bend, the tail rotor THWOP into the ground. Poker drops his sniper rifle and dives away from the wreck. Deke pumps his fist in celebration. Premature, because wh Poker stops rolling, he swings up an MP-5 at Deke -- BRDD
135) 4) dialog: Run into a mobile home. Hondo and Street. pursue on foot. cUuT To:
137) 8) dialog: Think I got to the top without handling my own business? Street and Poker square off to fight. Hondo and Alex square off. Hondo shucks off his equipment and gunbelt.
137) 12) dialog: Are entangled, fighting for Hondo's pistol -- Hondo flips the weapon's takedown lever, the gun disassembles, now harmless. -