25) 14) dialog: I think I have a cream for that. More laughter. WEAVER nods to a tweedy, bearded doctor.
25) 16) dialog: Hopefully we won’t see too much of each other over the coming months. DR. HATCHER smiles at ANGEL. More laughter.
53) 33) dialog: Nasty way to go. The Sandford Police survey the smoking black husk of Merchant’s house. His twisted and burnt cadaver is covere up by DR. HATCHER. Paramedics carry him off on a gurney. DR. HATCHER (CONT’D) Seems Mr. Merchant tried to have a little fry up and left the gas on. They say you shouldn’t eat late at night.
56) 16) dialog: Good lord. ANGEL hands the rilU+FB02]e to an awed DANNY, who inspect it. 85.
57) 0) text: ANGEL and DANNY walk away from the stall: ANGEL clutching the CUDDLY MONKEY, DANNY in shock. Behind a Saint John’s Ambulance team attend to DR. HATCHER, who’s in some pain.
82) 3) dialog: - "We’re basically a group of volunteers who strive to ke the village just so. ANGEL’s thoughts [U+FBO2]ash back to the fountain. We see DANNY throw some change in. The penny drops. We see the plaque; ’This fountain was generously restored with funds raised by F. Butterman, J. Cooper, R. Hatcher, A. Paver.. As the CLOAKED FIGURES stop chanting and sit at the table ANGEL is even more horrified by what he hears next...
82) 6) text: WEAVER (cont’d) on the wet [U+FBO2]oor of his ensuite bathroom, having slipped in the shower and tragically broken his neck. Dr. Hatcher will take it from there.
82) 7) dialog: Indeed and may I say very well executed Simon. I will of course pronounce the death as accidental. That is after all what I’m here for. All torches to DR. HATCHER. There are mild chuckles.
82) 22) dialog: A happy village is a healthy village.
82) 29) dialog: We couldn’t let Blower jeopardize that. Not when we had two semimprofessionals waiting in the wings. SKINNER points to an OLDER COUPLE in cloaks who wave back
82) 34) dialog: She did have an annoying laugh. There’s a murmur of ‘annoying’.
82) 49) dialog: If we can’t have her no-one can.
93) 0) text: DR. HATCHER peers through his surgery window, his eyes wi ANGEL is re[U+FB02]ected passing on horse back.
96) 11) dialog: Drop your weapons.
96) 13) dialog: Shut up Danny. I brought you into this world, it’s rather fitting I should be the one to take you out of it. You and your interfering little friend. Now drop them! DANNY does so. His shotgun hits the [U+FBO2]oor. BLAM! It fires into HATCHER’s leg. His knee explodes in a shower o blood. DR. HATCHER clutches his knee, wailing in pain.