2) 72) text: But, my record is 406% higher than everyone else.
20) 0) text: ANGEL is sat at a pub table with the other offieers (only he wears a stab vest). DANNY brings pints to everyone but ANGEL, who has a cranberry juice. SAXON laps at a bowl of lager
31) 0) text: DANNY and ANGEL close in on a swan which waddles through park. However it evades them every time they draw near.
37) 0) text: The SHOPLIFTER bursts onto the street with ANGEL in hot pursuit. The usual friendly greetings from folk are besto on ANGEL as he sprints by. It sounds surreal. They race past shopkeepers, who report into their radios. They also pass the LIVING STATUE. He doesn’t budge. The SHOPLIFTER avoids being hit by REAPER’s 4x4. ANGEL vaults ever the bonnet. The shoplifter runs into an alley ANGEL fellows, but comes to a stop at the alley entrance. 47.
40) 0) text: ANGEL’s expression is one of abject horror, Danny is asle On stage, BLOWER in cod Bar Luhrmann, Romeo gear, complet with suit of armour, [U+FBO2]oppy fringe and revolver, le over EVE DRAPERS’s Juliet, who lies in state on a prop alter. He uncaps a large bottle of poison, marked with a skull and cross bones and holds it aloft.
40) 2) dialog: Poison? Drunk all and not one drop to help me after? I’1l kiss thy lips. Happly some poison doth yet hang on them. They kiss. With tongues. It goes on far too long. ROMEO g limp. JULIET picks up his gun and shoots herself with a click. The stage goes to black. The lights come up again to reveal the whole cast perform a ‘'Knees Up Mother Brown’ version of The Cardigan’s ‘Lov Fool’. The audience applaud. A relieved ANGEL joins in, DANNY wa up. On stage the cast take their bows. LESLIE TILLER walk on stage with a bouquet of [U+FBO2]owers.
41) 16) dialog: Oh I am not.
43) 2) dialog: To us? There’s another knock at the door. BLOWER shouts, worried
53) 0) text: A fridge opens...We see a number of bottled beers... GEORGE MERCHANT grabs a beer and swigs it as he staggers the toilet. Outside the CLOAKED FIGURE watches. MERCHANT put his beer on the cistern and has a piss...He [U+FBO2]ushes, zips up and retrieves his beer from the cistern. As he stands back up, behind him we see... The CLOAKED EIGUEE. Who strikes him with a cudgel. Bang! INT. DANNY’S HOUSE - NIGHT ANGEL drops down onto DANNY’s sofa and surveys the untidy room. DANNY appears to be living out of cardboard boxes.
68) 12) text: LESLIE TILLER (cont'd) him - finds out about the route and tells me the land’s very valuable, ten times what George Merchant and Martin Blower - god rest them - offered me. So with them having passed on and me still owning the land, I decided to sell it on myself to some folks from the city that Martin, George and Eve - god rest the lot of them - had been talking to, apparently they want to build a big shopping centre or something, of course Cousin Sissy won’t be too happy about that, but as far as I’m concerned - ANGEL pats his pockets for his note book.
71) 47) text: ANGEL (cont’d) whom you yourself stated the desire to behead, you killed the potential competition in cold blood, staging the murders as accidents. You used a vehicle removal truck to stage the Blower/Draper crash and incinerated an old man in his house, covering your tracks with the judicial application of bacon and beans. However, there was a loose end. Tim Messenger foolishly confronted you at the village fete, after his own investigations lead him to the same conclusions. So you silenced him, before he could voice his concerns to me but not before he had told Leslie Tiller about the true value of her land. Upon discovering that she was about to sell up to the developers, you brutally murdered her with her own shears and made your escape utilising your impressive prize winning skills as a fun runner. ANGEL finishes his summation, by resting his hand on a ’f run’ trophy. The room is astonished. SKINNER claps slowly
81) 0) text: ANGEL hits the wall with a thud. He gets up and throws several punches at his attacker, but stops, clutching his injured hand. The FIGURE picks ANGEL up in a bear hug. AN struggles, pulling the assailant’s hood off to reveal- 113. LURCH. They look at each other for a second. ANGEL brings his [U+FB02]sts down on either side of LURCH’s head. LURC drops ANGEL, holding his ears. ANGEL kicks LURCH in the balls. He barely winces before hurling ANGEL across the r into a painting of the castle. His notebook drops to the [U+FBO2]oor. LUNCH lumbers towards him. ANGEL grabs the CUDDLY MONKEY looks throws it in LURCH’s direction. LUNCH catches it an is momentarily charmed, hypnotised by the monkey’s cute eyes. A whistle from offscreen. LURCH turns to see ANGEL uprigh brandishing his beloved POT PLANT.
87) 0) text: ANGEL glides through the locker room. No-one spots him. H opens his locker, and retrieves a uniform and a stab vest
102) 0) text: A beautiful blue sky. The sun beams down on a perfect vis of Sandford. The idyllic shot is quickly ruined however a A GIGANTIC SQUAD CAR [U+FB02]ies over what we reveal to b miniature version of Sandford. A small GINGER HAIRED KID stares in awe as the SQUAD CAR brie[U+FB02]y blocks out t sun.
105) 0) text: FRANK looks in his rear view. No one pursues him. However he is not alone in the car. Behind, the long slen neck of THE SWAN rears up. FRANK turns. It pounces.
109) 0) text: CAPTION - ’One Year Later’. We see ANGEL leaving a cottag and walk by a garden yath. We see ANGEL, now an Inspector, suiting up at the station His uniform is different however. It’s more modern. Coole He is else armed with an automatic revolver. ANGEL strolls down a station corridor. Familiar looking brightly coloured notices are pinned all around the walls ANGEL walks out of the newly built station, and gets into his new SQUAD CAR. It’s mere modern. Cooler. ANGEL drives along, his passenger seat conspicuously empt He passes a skate yark where GABRIEL WEAVER and friends congregate, their heeds down. His mobile rings. He answer