67) 0) text: ANGEL pulls up outside ’mourns as LESLIE’ and puts his notebook emphatically on the dashboard. ANGEL arrives at the door as LESLIE TILLER is shutting up
67) 2) dialog: Of course. I was just about to pop off actually.
68) 0) text: LESLIE TILLER cuts wrapping paper with large garden shear
68) 1) dialog: I can never find my scissors. Is this for someone special?
68) 3) dialog: No. Well, yes. I’m moving away. It’s all a bit out of the blue. I was planning to disappear quietly actually. I do so hate goodbyes.
68) 5) dialog: Well, just between you and I... LESLIE TILLER seems a little edgy. ANGEL is intrigued.
68) 7) dialog: You know that fella who blew up?
68) 9) dialog: That’s him, well George Merchant - god rest him - he wanted to buy this land, so he sends round his legal fella Martin Blower - god rest him - I thought I might take them up on it, because I’ve been thinking about moving for some time, I haven’t really got that much family round here, save for Cousin Sissy. And while the "Village Of The Year’ stuff is great and everything, I don’t really see anything from it, so I thought I might take them up on the offer and move to Buford Abbey. Would you like a card with this?
68) 11) dialog: Well, it turns out that Martin Blower - god rest him - knew where the new bypass road is going because he was knocking off Eve Draper from the council - god rest her - then that reporter - god rest (MORE)
68) 12) text: LESLIE TILLER (cont'd) him - finds out about the route and tells me the land’s very valuable, ten times what George Merchant and Martin Blower - god rest them - offered me. So with them having passed on and me still owning the land, I decided to sell it on myself to some folks from the city that Martin, George and Eve - god rest the lot of them - had been talking to, apparently they want to build a big shopping centre or something, of course Cousin Sissy won’t be too happy about that, but as far as I’m concerned - ANGEL pats his pockets for his note book.
68) 14) dialog: Of course.
69) 0) text: ANGEL leaves the [U+FBO2]orist. He runs back to the car t get his pocketbook. In the background we can see LESLIE TILLER wrapping the [U+FBO2]owers - but we can also see - The CLOAKED FIGURE slips in from the back room of the sho grabs the shears and plunges them into LESLIE TILLER’s throat. Blood spurts all over the counter and front windo ANGEL turns back to see...TILLER dead. Shears in her neck The blood. A SHADOW disappearing into the stock room...
71) 2) dialog: The assembled officers look at ANGEL as if he is insane.
71) 47) text: ANGEL (cont’d) whom you yourself stated the desire to behead, you killed the potential competition in cold blood, staging the murders as accidents. You used a vehicle removal truck to stage the Blower/Draper crash and incinerated an old man in his house, covering your tracks with the judicial application of bacon and beans. However, there was a loose end. Tim Messenger foolishly confronted you at the village fete, after his own investigations lead him to the same conclusions. So you silenced him, before he could voice his concerns to me but not before he had told Leslie Tiller about the true value of her land. Upon discovering that she was about to sell up to the developers, you brutally murdered her with her own shears and made your escape utilising your impressive prize winning skills as a fun runner. ANGEL finishes his summation, by resting his hand on a ’f run’ trophy. The room is astonished. SKINNER claps slowly