1) 0) text: Christopher ambles along slowly with his cane. He is flan by friends, DAMIEN, GREG and CEASE. They walk to a green Suburban...
18) 0) text: A fourteen-year~old brother named, CEASE, sees two unifor cops, GARCIA, twenty-eight-years-old, and WRIGHT, thirty- pin Lennox against a wall. Lennox rattles off a few words and they let him go.
19) 6) dialog: You know that crackhead, Lennox? Christopher nods yes. Cease tells them what he witnessed.
20) 0) text: Christopher, Chico and Cease corner Lennox against a wall Christopher pistol whips him with the .45. Then they kick Lennox while he’s on the ground.
41) 0) text: Biggie goes back to the corner, approaches Cease, Damien Chico. He looks at them. They look at him.
49) 0) text: Biggie plays dice with Damien and Chico as Cease looks on Biggie sees Kim walk by and the two of them make eye cont With smirks on their faces, Damien, Chico and Cease stare Biggie. Biggie puts on an innocent face as if to say, “What?” 41.
58) 0) text: From Biggie’s POV, THE CROWD LOOKS EVEN BIGGER FROM THE STAGE. Biggie BEGINS RHYMING with all the Bed-Stuy attitu he can muster. He rocks Timb’s, jeans and a loose-fitting shirt. Basically, he’s dressed the same way he dressed on the corner. Cease and Money L (the guy from the local Bed Stuy parties), walk out with him. They are his hype-men, CHANTING ALONG AS IF THEY ARE HIS CHORUS. The crowd is lukewarm. They are feeling Biggie out. He’s going to have to earn this.
91) 0) text: Cease and Money L hype up the audience as Biggie raps. Th crowd is dancing along as if every syllable is gold.
102) 0) text: Biggie, Cease, Chico and Damien sit in a luxurious suite smoking weed and drinking champagne.
102) 3) dialog: You know we been holding a spot for you in Junior M.A.F.I.A.
102) 10) dialog: Alright. Welcome home, nigga. 79.
107) 0) text: Cease is on the roof, smoking a blunt. He looks down, spotting a familiar face.
107) 1) dialog: Yo, Pac! 83.
108) 0) text: Tupac is with his friends, STRETCH, FRED, and ZANE. He lo up at Cease.
108) 2) dialog: What up? You coming up now?
108) 4) dialog: Alright, I'll let them know you're here. Tupac walks into the building.
109) 5) dialog: Yo, I just seen Pac downstairs, he’s coming up. Biggie nods.
111) 2) text: TUPAC (CONT‘D) Which one of you niggas set me up? I'm here right now motherfuckas. What! Then Tupac looks at Cease.
120) 0) text: Biggie, Cease and Damien make their way out to where the valet stand is. A RED HUMMER pulls up. The back window rolls down. It’s Tupac. He yells directly at Biggie.
122) 0) text: Biggie stands tall on stage. HALF THE CROWD cheers. The OTHER HALF OF THE CROWD boos. Biggie takes this in, glanc at Damien and Cease standing off stage. He turns back to crowd.
122) 4) dialog: Get high motherfuckas! Ready to die, motherfuckas!
126) 0) text: Biggie and Cease watch Pay-Per-View, where Mike Tyson bea up on Bruce Seldon. The CAMERA catches Tupac and Suge sitting ring-side.
126) 1) dialog: There goes your boy.
127) 1) dialog: Oh shit! 100.
128) 2) dialog: (on his cell) Yeah, we watching the shit right NOW. . Cease turns to see Biggie answer the phone.
128) 3) dialog: Yo, I was like twelve, thirteen- fucking-years-old when I first started seeing Big Chris on the corner. He was the closest thing I ever had to a role model.
129) 0) text: Cease gets into one of the limos.
129) 1) dialog: He eventually let me hang with him on the corner. But he didn’t want me hustling. He said the drug game was too dirty for my hands to touch.
130) 0) text: Cease, distraught, looks out the window as Damien sits do next to him. 101.
130) 1) dialog: Six days after Pac got shot in Vegas, he died. A NEWS REPORT OF TUPAC’S DEATH FLASHES ACROSS SCREEN.
130) 2) dialog: Given the circumstances, Chris coulda’ been celebrating. I told him, at least we don’t have to worry about him any more. He said that was a fucked up way to look at it. But the thing is, the rap game was becoming more ruthless than the crack game...
133) 0) text: Cease sits behind the wheel of the parked truck and Charl Baltimore sits in the back. They are waiting on Biggie who is outside of a pizza stor
133) 2) dialog: If you're asking if he cares about you, I think the answer is yes. If you're asking if you’re the only one, you gotta talk to him.
133) 4) dialog: You want your answer. Look at Big. Through the SUV window they see Biggie sign an autograph bite into his pizza.
133) 5) dialog: He's got a big appetite.
133) 6) dialog: It wasn’t till she accepted my answer that I realized why so many sisters put up with bullshit. It ain’t ‘cause they don’t want better. It’s ‘cause they think brothers can‘t do no better. Biggie gets back in the SUV, kissing on Charli’s neck. Th Cease tries to start the truck. It won’t move.
135) 0) text: Biggie, Cease and Tiffany look at the beat-up Dodge Astro
136) 2) dialog: I’m trying. These fuckin’ brakes keep locking up. Cease looks up and sees the OFF RAMP. He guns the wheel right. THE ASTROVAN SLIDES.
138) 0) text: Cease is leaned back against the front seat, blood pourin from his mouth. Charli is unconscious, her head pressed u against the cracked bloody windshield. Biggie is trapped between the seat and the dashboard, dazed and fighting consciousness.
150) 8) dialog: It's been two years since “Ready to Die” came out.
150) 10) dialog: Yeah.
150) 13) dialog: Later for the studio. Big Chris is thinking about starting a clothing company. And a restaurant, right? Biggie nods but his attention is drawn elsewhere.
151) 0) text: With the use of a cane, Biggie walks to the dinner table. Crowded around the table are Biggie, Cease, Damien and Ch Miss Wallace places food on the table and sits with them. Voletta closes her eyes and bows her head. The guys look each other, taking the cue. They take off their caps and bow their heads. Biggie says the grace.
154) 1) dialog: For most people, this video was hot. But for Chris, it symbolized his life. He evaded and survived so many fucking obstacles. Even though his father bailed on him, even though he made bad choices, he was no longer in jail, he was no longer on the corner slanging rock and he was not dead. Just like the video, when you thought you had him cornered, he slipped away.
161) 1) text: Biggie rides in the passenger seat. In the truck with him are Damien, Cease and a guy named, GREG, who is driving. Biggie talks on his cell.
173) 0) text: Puffy stands with Big Sexy, another bodyguard named, KENN and TWO OTHER SECURITY GUYS. The VALET brings Puffy’s Suburban rental and he and his c hop in. Mark, D-Dot and a guy named, TRACEY LEE, hop into a WHITE LIMO. Biggie stands waiting with Damien, Cease and Greg. Biggie, talking on his cell --
176) 0) text: THE IMPALA SPEEDS AWAY. Puffy runs out of his Suburban fr across the street. Kenneth and the other bodyguards follo They reach Biggie's Suburban. He’s soaked in blood. Damie and Cease are screaming hysterically. Greg is shell-shock
178) 0) text: Puffy is on his knees praying. Damien and Cease pace frantically. EXT. MARK‘'S LIMO - NIGHT The limo speeds up screeching. Mark dashes out. 123.