8) 11) dialog: Hey Mrs. Wallace, there’s some nig... I mean, man, waiting for you in front of your building. When Voletta turns her head, Chico grabs his nuts, taunti Christopher. Christopher grabs his nuts, taunting Chico.
8) 14) dialog: You‘re welcome. As Voletta and Christopher near their building, Voletta stunned. A tall West Indian man, SELWYN, is there.
17) 0) text: Put the Jamaican patty store, no-name chicken place and A grocery on the postcard. Christopher stands there on the corner, sporting his jewelry as he plays dice with EIGHTE YEAR-OLD CHICO.
17) 1) dialog: That kid, Ralston is looking for you. Talking mad shit like he’s gonna bust your ass. Christopher takes a swig from his can of Welch’s grape so
17) 3) dialog: He's hunting your ass down, son. Like a gun slinger.
17) 13) dialog: This look like a Lamaze class? I told you, we don’t hook up no pregnant bitches.
17) 16) dialog: With all the freaks that be out here, why would I want to get with a pregnant, crack-headed one? Sandy backs away and walks off. Christopher jokes with hi
20) 0) text: Christopher, Chico and Cease corner Lennox against a wall Christopher pistol whips him with the .45. Then they kick Lennox while he’s on the ground.
22) 0) text: Chico mans the corner alongside SEVENTEEN-YEAR-OLD DAMIEN
22) 1) dialog: Look who’s back from vacation? Christopher ignores him.
22) 9) dialog: Ah, hell no! Chico suddenly notices Sandy, the pregnant woman standing across the street. She’d sell her unborn child to get hig
22) 10) dialog: You believe this shit?
22) 12) dialog: The fuck did you just do?
22) 14) dialog: How you gonna give crack to someone who’s pregnant?
22) 17) dialog: Yeah. You a foul motherfucka. 22.
29) 0) text: Damien, Chico and Christopher share popcorn and weed as t watch “Juice” starring TUPAC SHAKUR. Christopher stares a the screen, entranced.
30) 0) text: A crowded basement in Bed-Stuy. No air conditioning, just couple of old fans. Damien, Chico and Christopher walk in
41) 0) text: Biggie goes back to the corner, approaches Cease, Damien Chico. He looks at them. They look at him.
49) 0) text: Biggie plays dice with Damien and Chico as Cease looks on Biggie sees Kim walk by and the two of them make eye cont With smirks on their faces, Damien, Chico and Cease stare Biggie. Biggie puts on an innocent face as if to say, “What?” 41.
75) 0) text: Biggie is kicking it with Chico. Chico makes hand-to-hand transactions. Biggie, eyeing the easy money is tempted an impatient... INT. EXECUTIVE’S OFFICE - DAY Puffy, as if fighting for his life, pitches Bad Boy to an intrigued CLIVE DAVIS.
102) 0) text: Biggie, Cease, Chico and Damien sit in a luxurious suite smoking weed and drinking champagne.
102) 5) dialog: There’s other shit you could do.
102) 8) dialog: Most important thing a manager does is make sure the finest freaks come back to the dressing room. They laugh.
102) 12) dialog: Real good seeing you again, nigga. Catch you later.
113) 0) text: Chico pulls up in the SUV.
113) 1) dialog: Puffy’s got her doing interviews, right? You can’t just barge in, Chris. What if she’s in the middle -- Biggie hops out and storms into the hotel.
150) 12) dialog: They should have told him you would get back into the studio when you’re good and fucking ready. ‘Cause no one could talk your hard- headed ass into anything anyway. They all laugh. Then as they pull up to a red light, SOMETHING OUTSIDE CATCHES BIGGIE’S ATTENTION.
151) 3) dialog: Damn man. At least drop God is good, God is great. His boys start cracking the hell up. But Voletta gets it.