0) 1) text: CHRISTOPHER WALLACE, six-three, three hundred pounds, sua dressed, sits at a table with the flashy owner of Bad Boy Entertainment, SEAN “PUFFY” COMBS. Both men have battled, taken the hill and planted the flag. Tonight, they toast each other with three hundred dollar champagne.
0) 3) dialog: Can't change the world if we don’t change ourselves. They clink glasses.
1) 0) text: Christopher ambles along slowly with his cane. He is flan by friends, DAMIEN, GREG and CEASE. They walk to a green Suburban...
3) 0) text: Christopher rides shotgun. He and the rest of his friends are in a particularly good mood, laughing and joking. Christopher looks out the window.
3) 1) text: A BLACK CHEVY IMPALA pulls up alongside him, cradling a M whose face we do not see. A NINE MILLIMETER sticks out th window and FIRES OFF HALF A DOZEN ROUNDS. EACH GUNSHOT ECHOES LIKE A HOWL. The EMPTY SHELL CASINGS fall to the ground in SLOW MOTION hitting the pavement with quiet PINGS. SCREAMS AND PANDEMONIUM ENSUE. The SQUEAL OF TIRES as the Impala esca away into the night. Christopher's head TILTS TOWARD CAME lifeless. SUDDEN SILENCE. Then A SOULFUL GOSPEL SONG BREA THROUGH. “I_want Jesus to walk with me. I want Jesus to walk with me...”
4) 0) text: A twenty-four-year-old SISTER sings. It is her voice we a listening to. This is FAITH EVANS. Faith struggles to keep her emotions in check. THIS IS NO PERFORMANCE. IT IS A CONFESSION. “When my heart is almost breaking, I want Jesus to walk with me.” Christopher Wallace lays in a casket sporting a white sui and matching white derby. If gangsters could be angels, they'd look like this. The chapel is JAM PACKED. A fire hazard. MARY J. BLIGE, HEAVY D, BUSTA RHYMES, MAYOR DAVID DINKINS, Puffy AND HUNDREDS OF OTHERS -- a community of sorrow. Faith's emotion builds. The song reaches its climax. Finally, she breaks. Tears fall as she heads to her seat. VOLETTA WALLACE, regal, late forties, walks to the podium Her eyes are the only dry ones in the house. She is simpl cried out. Voletta opens her Bible, reads from the Book o Job with a slight Jamaican accent.
5) 1) text: Voletta walks across the room, puts food on her plate and the plate of a husky, ALMOST SEVEN-YEAR-OLD CHRISTOPHER w has a LAZY LEFT EYE. She sits across from him as he start to dig in.
5) 2) text: (sternly) Christopher.
5) 3) dialog: Oh, sorry. He clasps his hands together and closes his eyes.
5) 4) dialog: Heavenly Father, thank you for this food we are about to receive, for the nourishments of our bodies. Amen.
5) 7) dialog: Ma, why you always have to play this corny ole music?
5) 9) dialog: Yeehaw!
5) 11) dialog: I made you smile.
5) 13) dialog: Are to.
5) 15) dialog: Yes! Yes!
5) 18) dialog: Sorry, Ma. But all I see is corny. So can I have some more please? Christopher holds out his empty plate. Voletta takes it a gets him some more food.
6) 0) text: Voletta steps off the MTA Bus with Christopher. He’s dres in his school uniform, a yellow shirt, slacks and plaid t
7) 0) text: A Catholic school. Predominantly African-American. MISS SLOAN, a young White woman, walks down the aisles as the students take a test. Most of the students wince as if th are in pain. Christopher breezes through the test like it the easiest thing in the world.
7) 3) dialog: No, Ma‘am. He goes back to knocking out the test as Miss Sloan, take aback, walks away.
8) 0) text: It is recess. Kids play basketball and freeze tag. Christopher sits on a bench thumbing through a magazine w his best friend, HUBERT. They see pictures of The Crash Crew, The Funky Four, The Treacherous Three and The Sugar Hill Gang. Then, they come across ANOTHER PICTURE.
8) 2) dialog: “Clap your hands everybody, if you got what it takes. ‘Cause I’m Kurtis Blow and I want you to know...”
8) 3) dialog: “That these are the breaks.” They laugh and slap each other five. Christopher turns th page of the magazine and sees another cool picture.
8) 4) dialog: Oh, snap. Love Bug Starski. Yo Hubie, can I get this one?
8) 5) text: Alright. Christopher carefully tears out a picture of Love Bug Starski. At the last second, it rips. Hubert laughs.
8) 9) dialog: Ma, don’t call me that anymore.
8) 15) dialog: Who’s that?
9) 0) text: Christopher in pajamas, sits next to Selwyn playing Atari They laugh like old friends. Christopher wins.
9) 1) dialog: Yes!
9) 3) dialog: Nah, I’m really good. I beat most of my friends, too.
9) 5) dialog: Good night.
11) 3) dialog: Yup. You okay?
11) 5) dialog: Listening to Bob Marley. He died from cancer.
11) 7) dialog: He told good stories too, right?
11) 9) dialog: So how come God let him die?
11) 12) dialog: Good night, Ma.
11) 14) dialog: I know. Voletta gives him a kiss on the cheek and tucks him in. 12.
13) 2) text: Jan listens to the musical group, 112, SING A TRIBUTE TO CHRISTOPHER. She holds on to her daughter for dear life..
14) 5) dialog: Yeah.
14) 7) dialog: No.
15) 0) text: Christopher puts down his knapsack, sits for breakfast wi Voletta.
15) 2) dialog: Good food. Good meat. Good Lord, let's eat.
15) 4) dialog: What? You don’t think Jehova has a sense of humor?
15) 6) dialog: You're a real comedian, Ma.
15) 8) dialog: Jan.
15) 10) dialog: I understand. It’s normal for a mother to feel jealous when her son cares about another female.
15) 12) dialog: Jan.
16) 0) text: Christopher emerges from the stairwell onto the roof as t blood red sun welcomes him. He walks to a corner where th is a pile of garbage bags. It is a makeshift tarp, coveri something. Christopher moves the bags.
16) 3) dialog: Shit! 1s. Christopher has SMUDGED HIS SNEAKERS. It is a chink in hi armor, contradicting the bad-ass status he is striving to hold. He spits on his hand, wipes off the smudge. Then he reaches in his knapsack, pulls out a .45 and puts in his jacket pocket.
17) 0) text: Put the Jamaican patty store, no-name chicken place and A grocery on the postcard. Christopher stands there on the corner, sporting his jewelry as he plays dice with EIGHTE YEAR-OLD CHICO.
17) 2) dialog: Ralston? That pointy-head bastard?
17) 4) dialog: Later for him. I’m fixing to bankrupt your ass, Chico. Christopher rolls the dice.
17) 6) dialog: Yo, Hubie. Where’s the fire, son? 16. Hubert slows to a walk.
17) 9) dialog: Yeah. You? An awkward moment as a CRACKHEAD walks up.
17) 11) dialog: Let’s do that. Hubert nods and jogs off.
17) 15) dialog: Ohhh shit! Christopher cracks up, almost in tears.
17) 17) dialog: Why you frontin'? You know damn well that’s your wife.
19) 1) dialog: Batman and Robin. Why you always fuckin’ with us? Wright walks up.
19) 3) dialog: Could have told you we was clean. Garcia stands toe to toe with Christopher.
19) 5) dialog: Yo Cease, thought I told you the corner ain’t no place for you.
20) 0) text: Christopher, Chico and Cease corner Lennox against a wall Christopher pistol whips him with the .45. Then they kick Lennox while he’s on the ground.
21) 0) text: Brooklyn's super-sized coffee shop where New Yorkers trav from all five boroughs to get a slice of cheesecake. Jan sits at a table with Christopher.
21) 2) dialog: Ralston stepped to you? What did he say? 19.
21) 4) dialog: So what you being so quiet for?
21) 6) dialog: Think out loud.
21) 8) dialog: Shit. My dumb ass just walked into the “commitment” talk.
21) 11) dialog: (talking himself into it) All right... all right. Fuck it.
21) 13) dialog: I’m saying, I ain't trying to be out there like that. I’m committed to you if you’re committed to me.
21) 15) dialog: (singing) And when I get this feeling, I need sexual healing... Jan blushes.
22) 2) dialog: What up, Damien?
22) 4) dialog: Don’t say, Ralston.
22) 7) dialog: Look at these motherfuckas. It’s like they’re all going toa funeral. Damien and Chico turn to see A BUNCH OF PEOPLE EMERGE FRO THE SUBWAY. They are predominantly African-American. 21. Some wear business attire, some blue collar clothing and second-hand wardrobe, NONE OF THEM HAVE SMILES OR PLEASAN EXPRESSIONS. Zombies walking into an existence of bleakne Their legacy of pride, hidden and trembling in shadows.
22) 11) dialog: Yo, I got it. Christopher walks across the street. He and Sandy talk. They make a transaction and she walks off. As Christopher walks back to his friends --
22) 13) dialog: Gave the rat its’ cheese.
22) 15) dialog: Someone’s gonna get her paper. Might as well be me. Besides, I ain't get into this game to be no social worker.
22) 18) dialog: We all foul motherfuckas. (then) I’m gonna go find Ralston. Ya‘ll coming? Christopher walks off. After a beat, Chico and Damien follow.
23) 0) text: RALSTON, a muscular brother with gold tips on his teeth, jokes with FRIENDS as Christopher rolls up with his boys.
23) 2) dialog: Now I know you out your damn mind. A SMALL CROWD starts to form.
23) 3) dialog: You've been saying you’re gonna fuck me up. So let's go. Christopher and his crew glare at Ralston and his crew. K a small, attractive teenager wearing conservative busines attire and a Bloomingdale’s name tag, walks up. Ralston plugs something into a boom box. It is a microphone. A TRACK PLAYS and Ralston FIRES OFF A RAP, bragging about being Bed-Stuy’s reigning champ. Then he cuts down Christopher. He says he is whack, fat, etc. It is a verba assault and some in the crowd laugh with delight. THEN CHRISTOPHER TAKES THE MICROPHONE. There is a light inside of Christopher, often too discard to shine. However, the high beams are on right now. Using the emcee moniker, CWEST, Christopher BEGINS RAPPING. Verbally, he throws a jab, right-hook and obliterates Ralston. To call this a beat down would be an understatement. Bed-Stuy has just witnessed the confirmation of the neighborhood’s greatest rapper, leaving Kim and the rest the crowd in awe. 23.
24) 0) text: Christopher walks onto the roof. He puts his Ballys back into the locker, puts his grimy sneakers back on and coll his knapsack where he puts his .45 back in. Then he place his jewelry back in his pockets.
25) 0) text: Christopher walks in. His mother calmly sits at the table hands clasped.
25) 1) dialog: What up, Ma dukes. Christopher gives her a kiss on the cheek.
25) 2) dialog: Man, it smells good up in here. He looks at the stove, and as if he’s Howard Cosell --
25) 3) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, right here before your very eyes, Voletta Wallace has done it again. She has made her gold medal curry chicken, her gold medal rice and peas, and her gold medal plantains. And now, right before your very eyes, her fat ass son is gonna eat every damn thing in sight. Christopher starts to scoop up food for his plate.
25) 5) dialog: One minute, Ma.
25) 7) dialog: What’s wrong with you?
25) 10) dialog: What? Voletta hands him a piece of paper. Christopher begins to read it, knowing he’s busted.
25) 12) dialog: All right, look. I tried, Ma.
25) 14) dialog: I went back for three weeks straight. And I learned that two point six hundred and sixty-six miles is the minimum distance that Pluto is from Earth. I learned the Shang Dynasty in China ended in ten- forty B.C. And, I learned that don’t mean nothing in the real world.
25) 16) dialog: So I could end up like everyone else around here? People with college degrees living from paycheck to paycheck?
25) 18) dialog: I know three people came to my class on career day. Some computer technician. A store owner. Even a doctor. And all of them looked like poor, broke-down niggas.
25) 20) dialog: Fine. All of them looked like broke-down “individuals.” Maybe if we lived next door to Donald Trump or Bill Cosby, it would be different. But I can’t see myself sitting in no school to end up like them.
25) 22) dialog: I have enough sense to see bums don't have chains. Bums don’t have rings. He pulls out a wad of cash.
25) 23) dialog: And “boys” don’t have money. Voletta looks at the wad of money, shaken.
26) 0) text: Christopher walks out of the building, carrying duffle ba and a suitcase. From above, Voletta watches him through t window... 26.
27) 0) text: The service has almost concluded. Damien and the rest of congregation line up to view Christopher's body one last time. Damien approaches the casket, lets out a deep sigh.
28) 0) text: Christopher is standing on the corner IN THE RAIN.
29) 0) text: Damien, Chico and Christopher share popcorn and weed as t watch “Juice” starring TUPAC SHAKUR. Christopher stares a the screen, entranced.
30) 0) text: A crowded basement in Bed-Stuy. No air conditioning, just couple of old fans. Damien, Chico and Christopher walk in
30) 6) dialog: (to the crowd) Say, make money, money. Make mone’ one’ money...
31) 0) text: A Greyhound Bus. The destination sign reads, “Raleigh, N. Several PASSENGERS board the bus including Christopher an tough looking guy named, ROBERT.
33) 1) dialog: Make money, money. Make money, money, money. Christopher is on the corner making hand-to-hand transact with CRACKHEADS who are White, Black, and Brown. Robert i on the opposite corner.
34) 0) text: Christopher, in prison attire, talks on a pay phone as ot inmates wait their turn in line.
36) 0) text: Christopher lays on his cot, staring at the ceiling.
36) 4) dialog: Good, ‘cause I ain’t playing.
36) 5) text: 50 Gran smirks and plays a song called, “Blind Alley.” Christopher starts RHYMING. After a few verses --
38) 0) text: Christopher and Mister Cee bop into the building.
39) 0) text: Christopher and Mister Cee stand greeting Puffy and ANDRE HARRELL, the well-dressed owner of Uptown Records.