4) 0) text: A twenty-four-year-old SISTER sings. It is her voice we a listening to. This is FAITH EVANS. Faith struggles to keep her emotions in check. THIS IS NO PERFORMANCE. IT IS A CONFESSION. “When my heart is almost breaking, I want Jesus to walk with me.” Christopher Wallace lays in a casket sporting a white sui and matching white derby. If gangsters could be angels, they'd look like this. The chapel is JAM PACKED. A fire hazard. MARY J. BLIGE, HEAVY D, BUSTA RHYMES, MAYOR DAVID DINKINS, Puffy AND HUNDREDS OF OTHERS -- a community of sorrow. Faith's emotion builds. The song reaches its climax. Finally, she breaks. Tears fall as she heads to her seat. VOLETTA WALLACE, regal, late forties, walks to the podium Her eyes are the only dry ones in the house. She is simpl cried out. Voletta opens her Bible, reads from the Book o Job with a slight Jamaican accent.
84) 0) text: Puffy proudly watches as a PHOTOGRAPHER snaps photos of h artists -- rapper CRAIG MACK, singers Mary J. Blige, Fait Evans and of course, The Notorious B.I.G. Biggie is supposed to be looking at the camera. However, keeps glancing in the wrong direction. In the direction o Faith.
85) 0) text: Biggie, hawking Faith, watches as she shows SOMEONE pictu Biggie grabs two bottles of water and walks over to her. 59.
85) 2) dialog: Oh. Um, thank you.
85) 4) dialog: I’m sorry. Maybe I have been showing off a bit. They're of my daughter.
85) 6) dialog: Chyna. She just turned one. Biggie looks at the photos.
85) 8) dialog: Thank you.
85) 10) dialog: I’m scared to ask but, why?
85) 12) dialog: Wow. Does that line actually work?
86) 0) text: Lights from the Manhattan skyline reflect on the water. Biggie and Faith stand by the railing, checking out the v
86) 1) dialog: I sang in the choir. Since I was little, everybody told me I’d have a career singing. But, you know, I was always hoping to make my career doing the human beat box.
87) 7) dialog: Hi. They kiss for a LONG TIME. Mark and Wayne roll their eyes
87) 9) dialog: Hi, Mark. Hi, Wayne.
87) 16) dialog: Big, I don’t want to do it, it’s silly.
88) 0) text: Voletta, Faith and Biggie sit at the table finishing a he Jamaican meal. As Faith laughs --
88) 1) dialog: Wait. “Chrissy-Pooh?”
88) 6) dialog: I love it.
88) 9) dialog: In a minute. Faith starts looking through some old photos.
89) 0) text: Biggie is on the couch, bobbing his head while Faith is i the booth, singing her ass off to the “One More Chance” track. They eye each other through the glass. She is singing to him. He feels every word...
90) 0) text: Mourners stand around, hugging each other in disarray as pallbearers carry the casket to the hearse. Faith looks around, witnessing the scene and it all feels surreal.
90) 1) dialog: One day I met Biggie, next thing I know, we’re playing house. That’s what our marriage felt like most of the time. Like playing house. And one of the rules of the game was that we could not spend quality time with each other. She looks over at her two children, Chyna, age five and C three-months-old, as they are being tended to by a RELATI Faith walks over, bends down and hugs her children as her tears begin to flow.
90) 2) dialog: Puffy had us on the road, in the studio, on set shooting videos... Puffy comes over, gives Faith a hug.
90) 3) dialog: We were everywhere except with each other. The casket is slid onto the back of the hearse and THE DO OF THE HEARSE SLAM SHUT. INT. BROOKLYN APARTMENT - BIGGIE’S ROOM - DAY
90) 4) dialog: For the first weeks of our Marriage, Big lived at home with his mother. Biggie plays a Sega Genesis video game.
90) 5) dialog: He told me he was worried about his mom being without him. THE DOORBELL RINGS. Biggie looks out his bedroom door, se Voletta open the front door for Faith. Faith and Voletta hug. 67.
90) 6) dialog: But I think he was worried about being without his mom. Faith goes into Biggie’s bedroom and kisses him. Then she sits on the bed and plays the video game with him.
90) 7) dialog: It was like we were high school teenagers dating each other. INT. FAITH AND BIGGIE’S CONDO - DAY A spacious condo. Moving boxes everywhere. Faith and her daughter, Chyna, unpack.
90) 8) dialog: Eventually, we bought a condo in Brooklyn. Chyna and I did all the unpacking while Big was on tour.
91) 1) dialog: When there was time off, we got to see each other. INT. JUNIOR’S RESTAURANT - DAY Biggie sits with Faith and Chyna.
91) 2) dialog: Problem was, members of the group he was creating were always around. CAMERA REVEALS, seated at their table is Chico, Cease and Money L.
91) 4) dialog: But that list of neighborhood guys kept getting bigger and bigger. Biggie and family are seated at a table with FIVE Junior M.A.F.I.A. members. THEN SEVEN. THEN EIGHT.
91) 5) dialog: And there was the girl in the group who always seemed to have a stink- ass attitude. From the OPPOSITE END of the table, Kim looks at Faith, glaring. INT. FAITH AND BIGGIE’S CONDO - EVENING The boxes are all unpacked and it feels like a real house
91) 6) dialog: Big never got a driver’s license. He liked having someone there to drive him.
91) 9) dialog: He was the type of guy that needed a lot of people around. (then) I didn’t. Faith and Chyna sit with each other, eating dinner. The DOORBELL RINGS. Faith looks through the peephole, surpris She opens the door to find Jan and one-and-a-half-year-ol T’yanna there.
91) 10) dialog: Yes?
91) 12) dialog: No.
91) 14) dialog: No.
91) 16) dialog: I'm listening.
92) 3) dialog: For real?
92) 5) dialog: Well, tell them hoes to beat it.
92) 7) dialog: Anyway, I’m proud of you, baby.
92) 9) dialog: Big, maybe you should visit your daughter.
92) 11) dialog: Jan came by with her.
92) 13) dialog: Not rude enough to hurt my feelings.
92) 15) dialog: You’re letting Mark use your room?
92) 17) dialog: Sounds stupid. That’s all.
92) 19) dialog: Alright. Well, I love you.
92) 21) dialog: Hi. Can you watch Chyna?
93) 0) text: Faith gets out of a cab, marches to the airport...
94) 0) text: Faith gets out of another cab, marches to the hotel...
95) 0) text: Faith gets off of the elevator, marches to a room and kno on the door. She covers the peephole with her hand. No answer. She knocks harder this time. A WOMAN answers back.
95) 2) dialog: Housekeeping.
95) 4) dialog: Sorry Ma’am, I can’t hear you through the door. Faith hears the door BEING UNLOCKED. It cracks open and standing there wearing practically nothing is Debbie, the super enthused fan.
96) 4) dialog: No? Well, too bad ‘cause you should have been. Faith steps over Debbie and storms out.
97) 1) dialog: I guess the one I should have beat down was Big. But I knew there were females out there throwing their ass in his face. It was more of an ego thing than anything else. Like letting these females know, they couldn’t snatch what I got. Chyna goes down a slide and Faith is there to catch her.
98) 1) dialog: But as big as my ego was, it wasn’t shit compared to Big‘s. Chyna eats a popsicle as she walks down the street with Faith. Then -- MAN’S VOICE Faith? Is that you? Faith turns around, sees a guy named, MEL. 73.
98) 2) dialog: Mel? Oh my God. Faith and Mel hug.
98) 6) dialog: I’m sorry, Mel. Hold on for a second. Faith picks up Chyna, walks to Biggie and glares at him.
98) 7) dialog: When did you get back?
98) 9) dialog: Wait! Stop! What the hell are you doing? They beat Mel good and leave him on the ground, moaning. Faith angrily runs back to Biggie.
98) 10) dialog: (to Biggie) What the hell is wrong with you! That’s my friend from church. 74.
98) 12) dialog: Nol
100) 1) dialog: By the time Big’s album dropped, it was like the crack epidemic all over again. Only this time, they were addicted to his voice. HUNDREDS OF YOUNG PEOPLE stand in line, waiting to go ins CHORUS: “You know very well who you are. Don't let ‘em ho you_ down, reach for the stars...”
101) 1) dialog: Big wasn’t just putting clever lyrics together. He was telling stories. You could picture everything he was saying. BIGGIE: “And if you don’t know now you. no” Mark and Wayne stand off to the side as Biggie sits at a table signing copies of his CD “Ready to Die.” There are many fans here, it seems as though the line will never en And Biggie, cool as can be, welcomes his fans well aware this is where he should be.
101) 2) dialog: And once the world heard “Juicy,” hip hop was changed forever. A FLASH OF BIGGIE PERFORMING “JUICY” IN FRONT OF AN ELATE AUDIENCE. He is no longer wearing jeans and Timbs. He is draped in leather and sports Versace sunshades. “I made t change from common to thief, to up close and personal wit Robin Leach...”
101) 7) dialog: Hip hop had its national anthem. Twenty-five years ago, Shaft was the baddest brother in the hood. Now, it was Biggie Smalls. An OLDER WOMAN in the Tower Records line talks to Biggie.
101) 10) dialog: Big was just trying to make music. But people that were selling drugs thought Big was a role model. And people that were against drugs, thought Big was a role model. As Biggie has his head down --
105) 0) text: Kim is waiting for the elevator. It arrives and she steps just seconds before another elevator arrives. Faith steps off and walks down the hall. THE DOORS TO KIM’S ELEVATOR HAVE NOT CLOSED YET. As Faith walks down the hall, instinctively she turns aro and the doors to Kim’s elevator close in the nick of time Faith knocks on Biggie’s door. The door opens and Biggie stands in the doorway acting groggy.
114) 0) text: Biggie bangs on a door. Faith opens it. INT. FAITH’S HOTEL ROOM - DAY Biggie grabs her. 88.
114) 4) dialog: (crying --) No! Biggie kicks the door but it won’t budge. Damien walks through the open hotel room door.
114) 8) dialog: No.
114) 28) dialog: You made me feel dirty and cheap and scared to fucking death, Big. How fucking dare you! Faith turns away shedding angry tears. Biggie notices her suitcases and boxes.
114) 30) dialog: It's over. It was over a long time ago. I just didn’t have the courage to admit it.
114) 32) dialog: That makes two of us. (then) Why didn’t you just look me in the eyes and ask me?
114) 34) dialog: I saw him at the House of Blues. We took a picture. End of story. (then) Okay? Biggie nods.
114) 36) dialog: At least, now you have an idea of what it feels like to be cheated on. Faith starts packing again. 92.
114) 38) dialog: You want to end up in the same fucked up place? ‘Cause sooner or later that will happen. You know that. Biggie comes from behind her, gently kisses her neck. She starts to give in and faces him.
114) 39) dialog: This doesn’t change things. They kiss and sink to the floor...
119) 3) dialog: (singing) “Biggie give me one more chance.”
124) 0) text: Faith, now seven months pregnant, is driving. The radio i turned to Hot 97. Lil Kim’s song “Queen Bee” is on. Faith grooves to it despite herself. But then Faith gets deeper into the REMIX VERSE with the cuss words bleeped out. 99.
125) 0) text: Kim sits with Puffy and another PRODUCER, going over some lyrics. The door opens and Kim barely has time to blink w Faith rains down punches on her. Puffy pulls her away. Faith’s hair is messed up, she has lost an earring, but h smile says it all.
147) 0) text: Biggie, sitting in his wheelchair, wears a shower cap at bedside. Faith is SCREAMING IN PAIN.
163) 0) text: A BLACK IMPALA SS sits on twenty-twos with white walls. T car is so lovingly polished, you can see your face in it. INT. FAITH’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT She rushes around getting dressed as her cell phone rings She picks it up. 117.
163) 1) dialog: What.
164) 2) dialog: I'd be dressed by now if people would stop calling.
164) 4) dialog: Big, what are you talking about?
164) 6) dialog: Let me think about it, okay?
164) 8) dialog: Look, I can’t do this now. Annoyed, Faith hangs up. Biggie hangs up, pissed.
170) 0) text: There is a police barricade as one of the streets is bloc off. The black Impala drives up to the barricade and an OFFICER notices the LAPD placard on the dash. He lets the car go through. Simultaneously, Faith hops in a town car leaves.
180) 0) text: A SMALL CROWD OF FANS start to arrive. People hold hands outside, praying. Faith pulls up in a cab. She rushes to the front and a COP stops her.
180) 3) dialog: Is he okay?
180) 5) dialog: Me... Me and Big, we had a stupid argument on the phone. I... I hung up on him. Mark hugs her as she bursts out in tears.
180) 6) text: It's okay. It’s okay. 124. The DOCTOR approaches. Faith holds her breath. Everyone, with looks of desperate hope -- .