40) 0) text: The legendary Soul Food tourist trap in the heart of Harl Biggie, Mister Cee, Puffy and Uptown intern MARK PITTS, s at a corner table. Puffy looks at Biggie, takes in the whole thug package.
40) 11) dialog: Can't do it. Biggie takes this in.
42) 0) text: Mary J. Blige, Mark Pitts, Puffy, PRODUCER D-DOT and an ENTOURAGE OF OTHERS sit listening to the PLAYBACK. Biggie sits off to the side, focused and bobbing his head. This the “Real Love Remix.”
43) 0) text: Mark pulls up in his car with Biggie sleeping in the passenger seat. He looks over at Biggie who is SNORING WI DROOL COMING OUT OF HIS MOUTH. Mark cracks the hell up.
43) 1) dialog: Yo. Yo, Sleeping Beauty. Biggie wakes up. 36.
43) 2) dialog: We're here.
43) 4) dialog: Don’t mention it. Biggie starts to exit, then stops.
43) 6) dialog: You gonna be the biggest thing to hit the hood since the Jherri Curl.
43) 8) dialog: The lawyers are working it out. Don’t worry, your ashy ass is on its way. Biggie laughs and heads into his building.
45) 0) text: Mark and Biggie lean against a wall, sharing a forty, not uttering a word. Then --
45) 1) dialog: I was only fifteen when my mom got cancer. Fucking stayed on my knees praying for her. After she died, I was done with God. Ain’t prayed since. But... I’m praying. I'm praying for your moms. Okay, Big? Biggie looks at Mark. Then nods. 39.
47) 0) text: Mark watches as Damien and other pallbearers carefully wh the casket towards the exit. Tears threaten to fall from face. He tries to remain strong.
47) 1) dialog: I went to see his moms in the hospital. She made me promise to look after him in case she didn’t make it. The front doors of the chapel open and the pallbearers li the casket. INT. VOLETTA’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
47) 2) dialog: I told her she would live but that I would look after her son anyway. Flowers and cards adorn her window sill. Biggie sits by Voletta’s side, looking at all the I.V.‘’s hooked up to h She opens her eyes.
47) 8) dialog: Mrs. Wallace was right. God did see her through.
48) 0) text: Biggie is in the booth as Puffy, Mark, Wayne and the Upto ENTOURAGE listen.
48) 1) dialog: Now Puffy wanted to see if God was with him.
48) 3) dialog: The East Coast gave birth to hip hop. But before we knew it, it was the West Coast selling all the hip hop records.
48) 6) dialog: Puffy set out to put the East Coast back on the map and make Bad Boy Records a household name. Biggie Smalls would be his messenger. Biggie steps out of the booth as Puffy nods his approval. They listen to the PLAYBACK.
55) 0) text: Mark sits with Biggie as Biggie smokes weed to calm down.
55) 1) dialog: Biggie would never admit to it, but for the first time, before going out on stage, I saw fear in his eyes. He felt like he owed it to Damien not to fuck up. He owed it to his moms not to fuck up.
56) 1) dialog: I told him, he just owed it to himself. Puffy walks up behind him.
59) 0) text: Puffy, Mark and Kim watch, hoping Biggie can win this cro over.
63) 0) text: An after-party. Puffy and Mark are macking on WOMEN. GROUPIES and HANGER-ONS vie for attention. Tupac sits off the side, sharing weed with Biggie.
68) 0) text: Mark and Puffy talk with Biggie.
68) 1) dialog: While Big was telling us the news about his shorty on the way, we were telling him our news about Uptown.
68) 6) dialog: Dre told him there could be only one lion in the jungle. 52.
71) 0) text: The small house has been transformed into a full-fledged office by Puffy, Mark, HARVE PIERRE, NASHIEM MYRICK, D-Do and OTHER BAD BOY REGULARS. Puffy sits at the head of the table, conducting a meeting. He writes something on a legal pad and shows it to his te It reads, “LIFE IS NOT A GAME.”
74) 0) text: Puffy, Harve and Mark pass out flyers with the Bad Boy lo Plastering it on walls, sidewalks, everywhere. 55.
76) 0) text: MUSIC DIPS DOWN as Puffy stands next to Mark who is on th phone.
76) 1) dialog: I told you to hang the fuck in there. We've been working day, night and everything in between to get shit going.
77) 0) text: Biggie talks on a pay phone with Mark.
77) 2) dialog: We have your money. Here, talk to Puff. Puffy takes the phone.
78) 0) text: Jan is on the table, screaming as she pushes out a LITTLE BABY GIRL. INT. PUFFY’S NEW OFFICE - DAY Biggie is with Puffy, Mark, D-Dot and OTHER BAD BOY EMPLOYEES. They happily toast with champagne and Biggie receives his check.
82) 7) dialog: Cc. Delores Tucker, a female activist, was not feeling how rap artists portrayed women in their music.
82) 10) dialog: Crazy thing is, Tupac would call a woman a bitch and they would act like he called them a queen.
86) 28) dialog: I could see that working with Big was going to be a full-time job. So I teamed up with my cousin, Wayne, and we became his managers. Mark glances over at the passenger seat where WAYNE BARRO late twenties, is reading “This Business Of Music.”
86) 29) dialog: Wayne was a former naval officer with a good business mind. But he might not have known what he was getting himself into.
87) 0) text: Biggie stands on the stoop talking with Mark and Wayne.
87) 5) dialog: Point is, you don’t even know the girl. Just then, Faith pulls up in her ride. Biggie smiles, ope her door.
87) 10) dialog: Hey, Faith.
114) 13) dialog: (nods) She doesn’t want to talk to you. Biggie takes this in --
114) 16) dialog: We'll be outside. Mark and Wayne exit.
116) 2) dialog: Fourteen, like you asked.
117) 0) text: Mark steps out as Puffy and his bodyguard, BIG SEXY, approaches.
117) 1) dialog: They sent over the wrong size shoes. He’s not going on.
117) 3) dialog: He’s got a lot on his mind, Puff. Puffy turns to Big Sexy.
117) 7) dialog: Fay’s pregnant.
117) 9) dialog: You know how it goes.
140) 0) text: Biggie lays in a hospital bed, his leg elevated in tracti Puffy, Mark and Wayne talk to him from around the room, b their VOICES GO IN AND OUT in his painkiller haze.
140) 1) dialog: The doctor says you'll walk again. It’s just gonna take some time, alright?
165) 0) text: It is the VIBE party and the place is packed wall-to-wall Slowly, the crowd’s attention gets diverted to the front door. THE BAD BOY ENTOURAGE HAS ARRIVED. First it is Puffy, flanked by BODYGUARDS who enter. Then is Biggie with his boys Mark Pitts and D-Dot. And it’s as the whole East Coast - West Coast rivalry has instantly b washed away. They walk through the club as if they own th town -- and they do. Everyone looks at Biggie -- the wome the men, the celebrities, you name it. 118. And now as Biggie moves through the crowd receiving love, gets it. He doesn’t just represent Bed-Stuy. With all of his positive attributes and shortcomings as well, he represents Compton, Watts, Crenshaw, etc. RUSSELL SIMMONS gives Biggie a pat on the back. Andre Harrell raises a champagne glass to him. Biggie is their everyman. Their Manchild in the promised land. And he soa it all in...
173) 0) text: Puffy stands with Big Sexy, another bodyguard named, KENN and TWO OTHER SECURITY GUYS. The VALET brings Puffy’s Suburban rental and he and his c hop in. Mark, D-Dot and a guy named, TRACEY LEE, hop into a WHITE LIMO. Biggie stands waiting with Damien, Cease and Greg. Biggie, talking on his cell --
174) 0) text: fhe Bad Boy caravan cruises down Fairfax... INT. BIGGIE’S SUBURBAN - NIGHT Biggie’s “I'M GOING BACK TO CALI” PLAYS as Biggie and the guys bob their heads... INT. MARK’S LIMO - NIGHT Mark is on the cell phone.
174) 1) dialog: Yo, Wayne. You wouldn’t believe the love Cali has for Biggie...
178) 0) text: Puffy is on his knees praying. Damien and Cease pace frantically. EXT. MARK‘'S LIMO - NIGHT The limo speeds up screeching. Mark dashes out. 123.
179) 0) text: As Mark runs in...
179) 1) dialog: Where's he at?
179) 3) dialog: What they say?
180) 4) dialog: We're still waiting.
180) 8) dialog: We got to... We got to tell Miss Wallace... He dials and then loses his composure. Helplessly, he loo at Damien.
180) 9) dialog: I... I can’t... Damien takes the phone. INT. VOLETTA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Voletta is sleeping when the PHONE RINGS. The clock reads five-twenty-one a.m. Voletta picks up the phone.
182) 3) text: MARK, T’YANNA, and PUFFY. They are all moved and blown aw by what they see.