29) 0) text: Damien, Chico and Christopher share popcorn and weed as t watch “Juice” starring TUPAC SHAKUR. Christopher stares a the screen, entranced.
48) 5) dialog: 
61) 0) text: Tupac cracks the hell up, impressed with the gag.
63) 0) text: An after-party. Puffy and Mark are macking on WOMEN. GROUPIES and HANGER-ONS vie for attention. Tupac sits off the side, sharing weed with Biggie.
63) 1) dialog: On my life, your shit is gangsta, partner.
63) 3) dialog: I'm telling you, yo. Where you at right now is the best time. When you just coming up, slayin’ cats. ‘Cause once you on top, trust me. That’s when all the bullshit starts. Make sure your ass has a five-year-plan.
63) 5) dialog: Well in case you are, have a plan in place. Be clear on where you want to be. ‘Cause in this game, motherfuckas wanna see you rise to the top just so they can knock you back down. Then you got fake-ass bitches, fake-ass family, fake-ass friends, all trying to get a piece of you.
63) 7) dialog: Why does a TV reporter stand in a war zone with bombs going off and shit? We hold a mirror up to society. Don’t ask me why we do it. I just know that’s what the fuck we do. Then Tupac glances at the Hot Lady.
63) 9) dialog: Besides. How else can a nigga shine? Tupac gets up and whispers to the Lady. They head to the back room together. Biggie sits back checking out the whole crazy scene. Wome glance at him flirtatiously and GUYS look at him with env He picks up the telephone on the end table and dials.
66) 0) text: The marquee reads, “Tupac Live.” HIP HOP HEADS lose their minds. This is where Ali once fought Frazier. Now the audience is witnessing two of hip hop’s greatest of all time. Biggie and Tupac stand side b side, FREE-STYLING IN FRONT OF THOUSANDS. They share the stage with BIG DADDY KANE, SCOOB, and SHYHEIM.
66) 2) dialog: “Let the cops put their lights on. Chase me nigga, Zig zaggin’ through the freeway. Race me nigga. In a high speed chase with the law, the realest motherfucka that _you_ever saw...” THE CROWD ERUPTS IN APPLAUSE AND CHEERS. Biggie and Tupac feeling on top of the world, give each other a pound.
67) 0) text: Fans crowd around Tupac and Biggie, getting their autogra Adoring women overtly flirt with both of them. Biggie Sma is becoming a sex symbol. $1. INT. JAN’S APARTMENT - DAY Biggie sits on the couch with a nervous Jan.
81) 0) text: iggi f weed Tupac and Biggie hang out. They have smoked a lot o and they are working on their third drink. THEY ARE TALKI DIRECTLY TO A VIDEO CAMERA.
81) 1) dialog: We just here celebrating Biggie Smalls’ signing a deal with Bad Boy Records, know what I'm saying? We're both under the same Zodiac. This is my Gemini twin.
81) 3) dialog: Now I’m high as a motherfucka but we gonna do a little freestyle. Tupac KICKS A FEW A CAPPELLA VERSES and then it’s like Ma Johnson passing the ball to Jordan as Biggie SPITS LYRICS They laugh, admiring and appreciating their own artistry.
82) 0) text: The limo rolls through the streets of Manhattan. Biggie a Tupac ride in the back.
82) 2) dialog: Next to me, motherfucka. Biggie laughs.
82) 4) dialog: C'mon Family. You know I got your back. But yo, don’t sleep on the five year plan. 58. Then Tupac notices TWO SEXY WOMEN exiting a store.
82) 5) dialog: Oh shit. Pull over! The Chauffeur pulls the limo over. Tupac sticks his head the sun roof.
82) 6) dialog: Yo, oye mami, what’s up? Where you fine-as-fuck bitches going? The Women come over to the limo. Tupac and Biggie step out...
83) 0) text: Biggie is standing on the patio terrace having sex with o of the women. Tupac is in a room having sex with the othe
108) 0) text: Tupac is with his friends, STRETCH, FRED, and ZANE. He lo up at Cease.
108) 1) dialog: Yo, what up Cease!
108) 3) dialog: Yeah!
110) 0) text: Tupac and his boys walk in past a MAN wearing army fatigu and a hat down low. They head to the elevator walking pas SECOND MAN at a table who is reading a newspaper. He’s al wearing army fatigues. Tupac presses the “up” button, waits for the elevator. Suddenly, THE MAN who was at the door rushes in the lobby wielding a NINE MILLIMETER. THE SECOND MAN also pulls out NINE.
110) 2) dialog: ‘The fuck ya‘ll want? The first man holds his gun to Tupac’s stomach.
110) 4) dialog: What?
111) 0) text: Tupac, a bloody mess, comes into the studio, surveying th room. Everyone looks shocked to see him. He is bleeding from his head and body. A guy named, LIL’ SHAWN, screams out. LIL’ SHAWN Oh my God. Pac, you gotta sit down.
111) 1) dialog: Fuck you! Fuck all you, motherfuckas! (MORE )
111) 2) text: TUPAC (CONT‘D) Which one of you niggas set me up? I'm here right now motherfuckas. What! Then Tupac looks at Cease.
120) 0) text: Biggie, Cease and Damien make their way out to where the valet stand is. A RED HUMMER pulls up. The back window rolls down. It’s Tupac. He yells directly at Biggie.
120) 1) dialog: Outlawz, motherfucka! Biggie just stares at Tupac. There’s a wildness in Tupac’ eyes that can only be described as blood. Suge gets out o the car and starts walking forward. Without words, Damien pulls out his nine. Cease starts yelling at Tupac. A SWAR OF FRUIT OF ISLAM SECURITY GUARDS separate the two camps. The Hummer pulls off. Biggie stands there in disbelief.
126) 0) text: Biggie and Cease watch Pay-Per-View, where Mike Tyson bea up on Bruce Seldon. The CAMERA catches Tupac and Suge sitting ring-side.
128) 0) text: Biggie walks back to the den and finds the TV reporting o the shooting of Tupac.
132) 0) text: Tupac's voice, loud and clear.
132) 1) dialog: We just here celebrating Biggie Smalls’ signing a deal with Bad Boy Records... Biggie is watching the VIDEO of him and Tupac, as they sa side-by-side FREESTYLING in the nightclub. Biggie smokes blunt. This is his memorial service for Pac. 102.
141) 0) text: Biggie lays alone in the room watching MTV on the overhea TV. KURT LODER reports on his accident. But his name is n longer just his name. It has taken on the burden of Tupac shooting, of the East Coast/West Coast feud, of all that wrong with hip hop. As the verbal assault continues from TV, Biggie grows agitated, helplessness fueling fury. Suddenly, he snatches the TV remote and hurls it at the television. The remote shatters into pieces and drops harmlessly to the floor as the report continues...