3) 1) dialog: He is, among other things, a piss poor speller. That's why the Houston Chronicle put him on the radio instead of a desk. Three years later, he was their news director. Chuckles from the crowd. Our man withdraws a NOTEPAD from his pocket. Jotting something down. His speech maybe? On stage Andrew Heyward - President of CBS News (50's, mustached) addresses the crowd; a sea of tuxedos and gown
3) 2) dialog: To call his beginnings humble would be generous. A graduate of that most notable of journalism schools, The Sam Houston State Teacher's College, in 1959 he took his first job in the burgeoning medium of television. A year later, when a hurricane hit Galveston, he convinced his cameraman to shoot the radar screen, showing Americans for the first time how a storm worked. He was the first journalist to report that John F. Kennedy had been shot. He described the Zapruder film in detail to a nation that was not allowed to see it. He became the White House Correspondent at 33 years of age and the Chief London Correspondent a year later. He helped bring the horrors of the Vietnam War into American living rooms for the first time. (MORE )
3) 4) dialog: He covered the Russians in Afghanistan and the hostages in Iran. And in 1981 he became anchor of the CBS Evening News. He has now anchored a nightly newscast for longer than anyone else in U.S. history. He has dined with kings, angered Presidents, questioned dictators. Not bad for the son of a ditch-digger from Wharton, Texas. In the wings, the Man flips his notepad shut and gets rea
3) 5) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I give you my friend, and the reason I have this job, Dan Rather. The Crowd rises in applause as DAN RATHER steps from the wings. Mary smiles. Dan takes the lectern and pulls a pre written speech from his jacket. What was the notepad?
4) 6) dialog: Dan, you're not leaving your own party! I got fifty affiliates and their wives waiting to meet you-- Goddammit, Mary!
82) 1) dialog: What are we doing about Hodges recanting?
82) 10) dialog: But on the internet they are certain, Mary, and it's killing us.
82) 12) dialog: Then we'll get some lousy analysts of our own! We are losing this war!
82) 14) dialog: It doesn't matter what the point was! We need to stop the bleeding-
82) 18) dialog: I want new analysts backing us by Monday morning. Go. It takes Mary a moment to find the door. Josh stays. Heyw looks at him, questioning.
82) 20) dialog: Get out of my office.
88) 1) dialog: Bill? This is Andrew Heyward, I'm the President of CBS News.
88) 5) dialog: I had heard that, which is why I don't want to take up too much of your time. I was wondering if you'd fill me in on a few things.
88) 7) dialog: Well, how you came to be in possession of the documents. You told Mary it was from a man named George Conn?
88) 9) dialog: So that's not accurate?
88) 11) dialog: Would you mind telling us what really happened? 85.
88) 14) dialog: Of course.
88) 17) dialog: And was this the same man who talked to you on the phone?
88) 19) dialog: And you didn't tell Mary all this before because... 86.
88) 23) dialog: Bill, this is, uh- this is pretty amazing stuff. Maybe you'd be willing to sit down and talk about it for us? Help clear the air for everyone?
88) 27) dialog: My office will make the necessary arrangements. Thanks for your time.
88) 31) dialog: We need him on camera as soon as possible. Betsy? Betsy nods as the group rises and heads for the door.
88) 32) dialog: Mary, hang back a sec? Mary does. The others leave. Heyward shuts the door behin them and turns back to her. Just the two of them.
88) 33) dialog: When you sit with Burkett, there should be a line of questioning about his motives. His political leanings, his views on the President. Why he lied. People are going to cover how we cover this. We need to inoculate ourselves.
88) 35) dialog: Fuck that, I want Dan to survive this.
88) 38) dialog: He won't for me. He will for you.
96) 0) text: Dan walks in, hefting his overnight bag. Andrew Heyward stands waiting for him. Dan sees the look in his eyes.
96) 1) dialog: We need to talk.
101) 20) dialog: Mary, we've hired a private detective to go back over everything. I want you to turn over your notes, your emails, everything.
101) 22) dialog: Stop working on the story. He hangs up. Mary puts the phone back. Looks to the other
127) 2) dialog: Mary, the report is out and it's very bad. I'm going to put Jonathan Anschultz on the line. Mary's shoulders slump. 128.
127) 3) dialog: Jon, can you hear me?
127) 5) dialog: Mary, as I said, the report is bad. You're being terminated. Mary closes her eyes as Heyward keeps speaking. She's not even listening. As we begin cutting around to see the oth losing their jobs...