58) 15) dialog: What's it running?
58) 17) dialog: Some of the document stuff is slow, you can definitely trim there.
58) 19) dialog: You've got three hours. Pan to the wall where the clock reads 4:10...
67) 0) text: Mary, drinking coffee. Checking email. One from Josh. I was just sitting here thinking about how amazing you ar I'm buckled in, waiting to see where you take us next. Le go! Josh Mary smiles. Sips her coffee. A moment of serenity and peace. And then Betsy West comes around the corner.
67) 1) dialog: Mary, what's going on? These blogs are saying the memos can be recreated exactly in Microsoft Word. Mary blinks.
67) 3) dialog: A conservative website. (MORE )
67) 5) dialog: (veading a printout) Every one of these memos to file is in a proportionally spaced font, probably Palatino or Times New Roman. As she continues reading, Mary swivels back to her comput opens MS Word, grabs a memo and begins to RETYPE IT...
67) 6) dialog: In 1972 typewriters used monospaced fonts. The use of proportionally spaced fonts did not come into common use until the introduction of personal computers. They were not widespread until the mid to late 90's. Before then, you needed typesetting equipment, and that wasn't used for personal memos to file. I am saying these documents are forgeries, run through a copier for 15 generations to make them look old. She stops as Mary holds a copy of the memo up to the scre Staring at them both. They look nearly IDENTICAL.
67) 7) dialog: Mary... what the hell is going on? Mary stares at the screen. She has no idea.
69) 0) text: Mary, Smith, Colonel Charles, and Lucy sit on a couch. Jo and Murphy across from them. Betsy stands with Gil Schwar CBS Public Relations.
69) 6) dialog: It's not just guys on the internet. ABC News is going after this. Nightline specifically- 66.
69) 8) dialog: Yes.
69) 10) dialog: It's the little "th" that pops up after you type a number like 111th-
69) 12) dialog: Bloggers are saying it's a big red flag this was done on a computer. They say it didn't exist on typewriters in the 1970's.
69) 19) dialog: Make sure. Reconfirm with everybody.
80) 0) text: After the broadcast. Dan pushes through the door and Mary and Betsy rise to meet him.
80) 2) dialog: I'm calling Andrew right now... She steps away, dialing her cell. Dan shakes his
82) 0) text: Thick rugs and leather couches. Mary sits on one. Betsy working the phones, Josh stands over her. Heyward at his desk, Gil Schwartz at his side.
82) 3) dialog: ABC is reaching out to two of our examiners, Emily Will and Linda James. They say they never authenticated.
88) 0) text: Mary, Dan, and Betsy on couches. Josh and Mary Murphy sit in chairs. Heyward sits at his desk, leaning on a speaker phone. 84.
88) 29) dialog: You think this is funny?
89) 0) text: Betsy sits across the aisle. Dan sits at the window, star out at the clouds. Mary is next to him. Watching him. Trying to decide what to do.
90) 0) text: Mary, Betsy and Dan exit the airport terminal to find PROTESTERS and CAMERA CREWS shouting at them. Pandemonium 88.
92) 0) text: Dan, Mary, and Betsy come into the Burkett's room as Bill and Nicki rise to greet him.
93) 8) dialog: We need a better bite on this. Maybe instead of "Did they ask you to do that", say "Did they ask you to lie?" Dan looks to Mary, who nods.
93) 28) dialog: I want to make sure we have enough so it'll cut-
94) 0) text: After. Mary, Betsy, Smith and Roger sitting silence. Pass a package of potato chips back and forth. Smith exhales.
94) 2) dialog: You think I enjoyed that? We should cut something for Nightly, get it out immediately. Andrew agrees.
94) 5) dialog: You guys and Dan always say that, what the hell does it mean? A knock at the door.
99) 4) dialog: Mary? USA Today wants to know if you put Burkett in touch with the Kerry campaign in exchange for documents?
99) 10) dialog: Jesus Christ! What else is going to fucking happen here! Unbelievable!
99) 12) dialog: No, you know what, Mary? Maybe it's best if you just went home. Mary looks from one of them to the other. Josh won't meet her gaze. A beat. She gathers up her things...
128) 0) text: Betsy at her desk. She throws the phone across the room..