36) 0) text: The foursome occupy a BOOTH. Colorful kids' placemats in front of them. A birthday party in the background. Nicki helps Burkett take sucks off an oxygen mask, as a WAITRES delivers four huge sodas to the table. When she's gone--
36) 3) dialog: Bill tried to talk about this in 2000 and someone ran us off the road one night.
36) 5) dialog: Well, I am. I am scared. She takes a deep gulp of iced tea. Nerves shot.
36) 10) dialog: No. No cameras. Our name stays out of this. (to Burkett) They will destroy us for this. Don't you understand? She looks at her husband, pleading. Mary stares at her.
60) 0) text: Burkett and Nicki, together on their couch...
87) 0) text: Mary, on the phone with Nicki Burkett. INTERCUT:
87) 1) dialog: You said he wouldn't have to.
87) 3) dialog: You said you'd verify the documents and he wouldn't have to do anything else-
87) 6) dialog: Bill did nothing wrong.
92) 0) text: Dan, Mary, and Betsy come into the Burkett's room as Bill and Nicki rise to greet him.
94) 8) dialog: (softly) Don't you dare ask how Bill is. Bill is sick. He's a sick man. And you don't give a damn about him. You just spent two hours trying to destroy him. You made him crawl on- camera. You made him say, again and again, that he lied and it still wasn't enough for you. You wanted More. You wanted to put the blame on him for all the things you did wrong putting this story together. You want to wrap it all up in a neat package and say "It's all Bill Burkett's fault." Well, it's not, and you know it. And you promised when we came here to do this interview, we would get a fair shake and we got nothing from you but lies. She's so mad she's shaking. Everyone else is too.
94) 10) dialog: You may think I'm some stupid hick who doesn't know a damn thing about a damn thing and you are so smart and such a big shot. But I keep my promises and I don't destroy people to protect myself. I don't destroy people and humiliate them and then pretend I give a goddamn about how they are. To answer your question, Bill is not good. But then, you knew that already. Silence. No one else can summon a word. Nicki turns and leaves them. Betsy crumples up the chips bag and tosses it on the table. Not hungry anymore.