0) 0) text: Ferris' parents, TOM and JOYCE BUELLER are standing at bedside. They're in their late forties, early fifties. Handsome, upper-middle class parents. They're both dresse for work.
0) 1) dialog: Ferris?
1) 0) text: Tom bends down and touches Ferris' forehead.
1) 1) dialog: What's the matter, Ferris?
1) 3) dialog: (discreetly)
1) 5) text: He doesn't want me to. TOM
1) 6) text: Why don't you want Mom to call the doctor? Ferris exhales loudly. He tries to speak but all he can manage is a choked gasp. TOM
1) 10) text: You're not going to school like this. (to Tom)
1) 15) text: Yeah, right. Dry that one out and you can fertilize the lawn. TOM
1) 26) text: Syphilitic meningitus? That would be a huge family embarrassment. TOM
1) 36) text: I'm showing houses to the family from California today but I'll be in the area. My office'll know where I am, if you need me. TOM
2) 1) text: I hope you feel better, pumpkin. She leans down and kisses his forehead. Tom pats his shoulder. TOM
2) 4) text: We love you, sweetie. TOM (OC)
3) 3) text: Parents always fall for the clammy hands. It's physical evidence of illness. It's a good, non-specific symptom. Parents are generally pretty hip to the fever scams. And to make them work you have to go a hundred and one, hundred and two. You get a nervous mother and you end up in a doctor's office and that's worse than school. He flips on his stereo and fills the room with the MTV broadcast. A NEW SONG begins. FERRIS
3) 4) text: Fake a stomach cramp and when you're doubled over, moaning and wailing, just lick your palms. It's a little stupid and childish but then so if high school. Right? He equalizes the sound a little. FERRIS
6) 3) text: My parents never allowed Garth over here. It was because of his family. Mainly his older brother. He's in jail. I could see them not wanting his brother here because he is a registered psycho. I wouldn't want him here. I once watched the guy eat a whole bowl of artificial fruit just so he could see what it was like to have his stomach pumped. But Garth isn't his brother. It isn't his fault that his brother's screwed-up. Alot of fights with the parents on that point. I always felt for Garth. I was sleeping at his house once and I was laying on the dark worrying that his brother was going to come in and hack me to death with an ax and I heard Garth crying. I asked him what was wrong and he said, "Nothing". ... Nothing was wrong. There was no specific thing he was crying about. In fact, he wasn't really even aware that he was crying. He just cried himself to sleep every night. It was a habit. The guy's so conditioned to grief that if he doesn't feel it, he can't sleep. How could you possibly dump on guy who has to deal with that kinda shit? My parents acknowledge the trudge of the situation and I'm sure that deep down, they do feel for him but still the guy's banned from our house. He looks at himself in the mirror on the back of his clos door. He doesn't like what he's wearing. He continues his speech as he disrobes. FERRIS
9) 2) text: Some guy whose hair is falling out and his stomach's hanging over his belt and everything he eats makes him fart, he looks at someone like me and thinks, "This kid's young and strong and has a full, rich future ahead of him, what's he got to bitch about?"
34) 3) text: Did you see Alien? When the guy had the creature in his stomach? It feels like that.
41) 0) text: A LaSalle Street office tower. TOM'S VOICE
42) 0) text: He's behind his desk. Nice office. Two windows. Herman Miller desk and chair. TOM
42) 2) text: Really? Darn! I thought I was improving. TOM
43) 1) text: Dad? Can you hold on a second? TOM'S VOICE
43) 7) text: Sorry, Dad. The moment before you called, I had a chest spasm and I blew lung fluid all over the place. It was making me ill looking at it. But gee, it's sure great of you to call. I'm sure there're alot of fathers who wouldn't take time out from their busy schedules to call a dumb, sick teenager. TOM'S VOICE
44) 1) text: You had to work hard for the money to buy those things, right? TOM'S VOICE
44) 2) text: Not any harder than anybody else. Ferris mouths Tom's words as he says them.
46) 1) text: You work so hard I'll bet you don't even remember where those bonds are, right? Ferris points a finger in the air as a cue to his father. TOM'S VOICE
46) 3) text: Oh, yeah? You're pulling my leg. You're just trying to cheer me up. TOM'S VOICE
46) 7) text: Dad? All this talking has made me kind of light-headed. I think I better lie down. TOM'S VOICE
46) 9) text: You don't have to, Dad. TOM'S VOICE
54) 1) text: I'll tell you want, you don't like my policies, you can just come on down and smooch by big old ugly ass. You hear me? The secretary comes in. She's waving her arms furiously. Rooney tries to wave her away. He's angry. She stomps her foot. Rooney covers the phone. ROONEY
61) 6) text: A man with priorities so far out of whack doesn't deserve such a fine automobile. CAMERON
72) 0) text: Ferris, Cameron and Sloane walk in. Ferris is cocky and confident. Sloane's still intoxicated with her freedom. Cameron's having stomach trouble. Ferris leads the way to open teller window.
77) 0) text: She concludes her meeting. She shakes hands with the loan officer and stands. The Vermont Couple stands. Boyd scrap the bottom of his shoe on the desk, leaving a glob of mud behind and he stands. Joyce turns into the bank. Ferris, Cameron and Sloane are gone. She escorts her customers ou
102) 24) text: Tomorrow? CAMERON
102) 49) text: This is optomism. It's a common trait with my age group. Adults think it's cute, it's like a charming quick that infests youth. But it's a cool thing and I think, deep down, crusty old shits wish they had some. They wish they had her, too. (points to Sloane)
110) 5) text: When they go after each other, Cameron tightens up. It's scary. He gets so wadded-up, you couldn't pry his buns apart with a crowbar. The thing with taking his old man's car? It's good for him. It teaches him to deal with his fear. Plus, and I must be honest here, I love driving it. I highly recommend picking one up. He exists the men's room. We hold a beat. A toilet flushe Another beat and Tom walks out of the stall. He crosses t the sink.
112) 0) text: Tom and his two GUESTS are standing at the curb, talking. cab is waiting. The door's open. In the B.G. Ferris, Sloa and Cameron come out of the restaurant. They approach the cab. Tom's back it to Ferris. Ferris stops cold.
113) 0) text: Tom and his party are still jawing at curbside. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron slowly approach the cab. Behind the ba of the men, Ferris scoots Sloane into the cab. Cameron dashes in. The Ferris hops the cab.
115) 0) text: Tom and his guests watch in bewilderment at their cab tak off. MUSIC COMES UP.
167) 17) text: In the gridlock traffic, their cab is squeezed tight alongside another cab. In that cab is Tom. He's about a f from Ferris. He turns and looks right into CAMERA.
167) 19) text: Tom glances back at his paper. He pauses. Looks up. Think Turns back to CAMERA.
167) 21) text: Tom stares at her. He's baffled. He looks away. INT. CAB. FLOOR. Cameron and Ferris are on the floor. On their asses, with their backs to the back of the front seat, feet up on the seat. FERRIS (to Sloane)
168) 0) text: Tom's looking into Ferris' cab.
184) 0) text: Jeanie kicks the door open. The yardstick flings the cove and the pillows beneath them in the air. She stomps in an turns off the snoring synthesizer. JEANIE
232) 0) text: He's running down the middle of the street. A car honks. Ferris moves to the side. The car pulls around him. INT. CAR. Tom's at the wheel. He glances in the mirror. He does a take.
234) 0) text: Tom pulls in the driveway. He parks and gets out. Joyce pulls in from the other direction.
242) 0) text: Joyce and Tom head up to the kitchen.
243) 0) text: Ferris and Jeanie exit the kitchen as Joyce and Tom enter JOYCE (to Todd and Kimberly)
245) 4) text: He's cool. But stay away from his brother. Ferris walks into the room, brushes the crumbs off his ha and peels off his shirt. He climbs into bed. No sooner ar the covers over him than the bedroom door opens and Joyce and Tom walk in. They walk over to the bed. Joyce sits do JOYCE
246) 0) text: Tom and Joyce hover over him with deep concern. FERRIS
246) 1) text: I'm much better, really. Please, don't make me stay home again. I want to go to school. I'm graduating in June and I... TOM
246) 3) text: Maybe you're right, Dad. TOM
246) 6) text: Years of practice. Tom pats Ferris on the rump. He and Joyce exit.