56) 0) text: Foussard, the wine steward, hastily enters the kitchen. H dishwasher, indicating the arrival of the police. There i 129. INT. BERTANI’S OFFICE-(DAY)—-MEDIUM SHOT Bertani turns from the doorway to the restaurant. He goes door. He sees the alarm among the kitchen hands, then mot BERTANI: (To the kitchen help) Continuez votre travail, v Et laissez-moi faire. Je vais lui parler. 16 He turns to Foussard as the wine steward arrives. BERTANI: Ta fille n’a pas encore fini de dresser l’invent cave, hein? FOUSSARD: Non, mais je ne veux pas qu’elle soit melée a— Bertani interrupts impatiently; BERTANI: Tu preferes sans doute passer la nuit en prison? There is no answer. BERTANI: Conduis Monsieur Robie aupres d’elle. He turns to Robie. BERTANI: Foussard’s daughter will take you out of here by ROBIE: Where? BERTANI: The Beach Club in Cannes. Wait for a phone call THE CAMERA PANS Bertani back to Antoinette as Robie takes In the distance, we see Lepic approaching the desk of Ant engages Lepic in animated conversation. We see Bertani pr of Lepic. 130. INT. WINE CELLAR-(DAY)— MEDIUM SHOT In the foreground, Danielle, sitting atop a short ladder, of the wines. Behind her are the stairs leading down from her father and Robie descend.
57) 0) text: Shooting up at Danielle’s face, which registers surprise. ladder. She is a well-built French girl, of perhaps twent attractive face. Her light summer dress, although not exp to show that she is not one of Bertani’s regular employee
58) 0) text: The two men approach her, and THE CAMERA PULLS BACK AND U the picture. Robie smiles at her, but she watches her fat upwards FOUSSARD: Les flics viennent de s’amener (Nodding to Robi recherchent Monsieur Robie. Danielle descends the ladder, THE CAMERA GOING DOWN with FOUSSARD: Bertani veut que tu is conduises en canot jusqu Club. She turns a blank face to Robie, who waits, genially. She “Are you serious?” Foussard seems to take his annoyance w FOUSSARD: Eh bien, qu’est-ce que tu attends? T’as compris t’ai dit? Dépéche-toi! Danielle shrugs lightly, then softens and smiles at her f ately around the shoulders with one arm. They exchange gl for each other. Danielle looks at Robie briefly, then tur cellar, glancing over her shoulder to say: DANIELLE: Okay. Let’s go, Mister Cat. 17 Robie moves quickly after her, THE. CAMERA GOES WITH him ROBIE: Do me a favour, Danielle. Don’t call me a cat. Without turning, or stopping, she answers him: DANIELLE: I only do one favour a day. She swings open a low door at the far end of the cellar. impression of the Mediterranean beyond. By now, Robie has by the shoulder, and turns her around. ROBIE: Look—if you don’t want to do this... She lowers her shoulder to get it out from under his hand DANIELLE: Did I brush your fur the wrong way? 133. INT. BERTANI’S OFFICE-MEDIUM SHOT Through the glass partition we see Lepic, followed by an kitchen. He moves to the center of the kitchen, and then, kitchen help toward him. Slowly, their faces impassive, t a moment for someone to speak. No one does. Then, quickly finger at each one of them in a threatening manner. They
64) 0) text: 18 SHOOTING ACROSS the passengers. Danielle is in the foreg sits in the seat beyond. She handles the boat quite well, of the spray falls on both of them. She doesn’t seem to m off his face.
64) 2) dialog: It must be true what they say. Cats don’t like water. He gives her a look of annoyance.
64) 4) dialog: 
64) 6) dialog: 
64) 8) dialog: 
64) 10) dialog: 
64) 12) dialog: 
64) 14) dialog: Tl thank you not to mention that word again. A man should never regret his past. lonly regret one thing. That you never asked me to marry you? That I ever took the time to teach you English. You only taught me the nouns. I learned the adjectives myself. The word “cat” is a noun. Not the way you use it. For you it means excitement, danger, escape... affluence... (She turns, pleased with herself) What do you think of that word... affluence? It means wealth. (Squints at her) What’s on your mind? Oh, nothing. I was just thinking about you... imagining you in your expensive villa, enjoying life—while we work like idiots for a loaf of bread. (Losing some humor) I work for a living, too—raising grapes and flowers. —and emeralds, and diamonds, and pearls— Angrily he reaches over and quickly shuts off the motor. stop, and the silence is sudden. The boat moves gently up water on the hull.
64) 16) dialog: 
64) 18) dialog: School’s open again. Professor Robie will now conduct a class on “Bad Manners” —or, “How to get spanked in a hurry”. (Smiles challengingly) You can’t touch me. I’ve graduated (After a pause) You going to South America? (Frowns annoyance) The Beach Club at Cannes. I have always dreamed of going to South America. The people say it’s virgin country. Robie looks down a moment in frustrated thought.
64) 19) dialog: He looks up at her. I can cook, sew, be generous to you at the good time, keep my mouth shut, and peddle stolen jewels at the black market. 19
64) 21) dialog: He shows a trace of anger.
64) 23) dialog: 
64) 25) dialog: 
64) 27) dialog: 
64) 29) dialog: 
64) 31) dialog: 
64) 33) dialog: 
64) 35) dialog: 
64) 37) dialog: Well, in that case, we should hurry. This airplane up there, it probably belongs to the police. He whips his head around fast, and looks up towards the s starts, and moves forward.
67) 0) text: Danielle glances up and over her shoulder to the oncoming
69) 0) text: In the foreground Danielle is looking up at the approachi through the doors, Robie also looks up.
71) 0) text: Danielle at the wheel, and Robie peering out. We see the DANIELLE: If you’re caught, would you be angry with me if tended that I was going to give you to the cops anyway?
74) 0) text: She remains impudent. DANIELLE: Suppose he’s not my type?
76) 0) text: She looks down at him. innocently. DANIELLE: I thought that maybe there was a reward. It wou to let a perfect stranger profit by it.
78) 0) text: She looks up, turning her head to follow the plane, and w DANIELLE: He is coming back over us. She turns back to him with a smile.
81) 0) text: Danielle, and Robie who puts his head cautiously out of t ROBIE: How much farther to the Beach Club? DANIELLE: Oh... maybe fifteen minutes. Robie disappears from the doorway, into the forward compa off. ROBIE: (Louder) Uh huh. Now when you get there, pull clos shore and move around with the other boats. DANIELLE: And then? ROBIE: Then I’m getting out. I'll leave my clothes with y
82) 0) text: Danielle smiles with mild surprise. DANIELLE: And I thought you hoped to be inconspicuous.
84) 0) text: She glances up briefly. The SOUND of the plane motor is s DANIELLE: It’s going higher over the coast.
86) 0) text: She smiles at him sweetly. DANIELLE: There’s still time.
200) 0) text: Danielle tries to attract Robie’s attention by gesture.
202) 0) text: Danielle is satisfied that he has seen her. She moves off CAMERA PANNING her down toward the water’s edge.
203) 0) text: As Danielle reaches the water’s edge, she looks back in R
205) 0) text: Danielle turns and runs into the water. She starts to swi
206) 0) text: Danielle swims into the picture, and proceeds to climb on IN until she is in CLOSEUP. Danielle follows the approaching Robie with her eyes. As proximity, we cut to:
207) 0) text: Robie’s head, just above the water, making the last few s hand out and takes hold of the.edge, just below Danielle. DANIELLE: You performed a very beautiful burglary last ni ROBIE: Strictly routine. DANIELLE: You're marvellous. Last night you steal a small —today you lie on the beach with an American beauty. ROBIE: Which is why one needs a small fortune. DANIELLE: (Nodding toward the beach) Is this your next vi 45 Robie glances back to the beach.
208) 0) text: From Robie’s viewpoint. Francie, resting on her elbow, lo 336. EXT. BEACH-(DAY)-SEMI CLOSEUP Robie looks back to Da ROBIE: Let’s just say she’s a wealthy friend. DANIELLE: You know, your old pals of the Resistance, who the restaurant, they called the police all sorts of wicke names when they had to let you go yesterday. ROBIE: Would it be bad manners to ask who tipped off the in the flower market? DANIELLE: They would never say anything to the flics. You that. ROBIE: Somebody did. DANIELLE: But still they would be very happy, if you were during your next job. ROBIE: It’s good to know I have friends. DANIELLE: Perhaps it would be better that you were caught ROBIE: Any particular reason? DANIELLE: (Nonchalantly) | heard some talk in the kitchen said—what a pity if they must kill a cat. (Looks at him) They will do all they can to avoid the prison. ROBIE: (Shakes his head) The police want me in jail,, the want me dead, the Cat wants me out of town— DANIELLE: How do you mean—The Cat wants you out of town? ROBIE: He sent me a note this morning. It seems things ar to get rough around here. DANIELLE: Then don’t you think it’s foolish to remain her knowing what will happen to you? But if you were in South America, with me, you would know exactly what will happen. ROBIE: You make it sound dangerous either way? DANIELLE: (Smiles) It would be so much nicer to be killed No? Robie hits the side of his head with the palm of his hand ROBIE: Pardon me, while I get the water out of my ear. DANIELLE: (Earnestly) John, you know what sort of men the Bertani’s. Another robbery, and they will do something to you. ROBIE: I think I'd better get back.
210) 0) text: His eyes scan the beach. He has a slightly puzzled look. 46 DANIELLE: What has she got more than me—except money? An are gathering plenty of that. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK to include her, as Robie looks up w ROBIE: Danielle—you’re just a girl. She’s a woman. DANIELLE: (Shrugs) Why do you want to buy an old car? If get a new one cheaper? It will run better, and last longe He looks at Danielle with some amazement. Then he turns, puzzled. ROBIE: It looks like my old car just drove off. A splash of water is heard, and a voice sounds off: FRANCIE: No it hasn’t. It just turned amphibious. He turns quickly toward the voice.
212) 0) text: Robie’s face,, as he studies her, wondering how much of t overheard. He glances up towards Danielle. Francie’s voic FRANCIE: And possibly even rate an introduction. This brings Robie to the present, and he looks to Daniell ROBIE: Mademoiselle—
213) 0) text: The three of them, as he moves toward Francis, and Daniel meet Francis. They group together in a little triangle, j above the water. ROBIE: (To Danielle) | don’t think you told me your name. DANIELLE: (Looks at him, then at Francie) Danielle Fouisa ROBIE: May I present Miss Francie Stevens. FRANCIE: How do you do, Miss Foussard. She puts out her hand, and the girls shake hands under wa FRANCIE: Mr. Burns has told me so little—about you. ROBIE: I only met her a couple of minutes ago. DANIELLE: That’s right—only a few minutes ago. FRANCIE: And you talked like two old friends. But that’s friendly France for you. ROBIE: I was—I was asking her about renting some water sk Would you like me to teach you water skiing? FRANCIE: (Smiles) I was women’s champion at Sarasota, Flo —last season. ROBIE: Oh, I see. Well, it was an idea. 47 FRANCIE: Are you sure you were asking about water skis? where I sat it looked as if you two were conjugating some irregular verbs. She looks from one to the other. Danielle’s face is not f ROBIE: Say something nice to her, Danielle. DANIELLE: (Flatly) She looks a lot older up close. Robie can’t help laughing, but Francie loses some of her FRANCIE: To a mere child, anyone over twenty might seem o DANIELLE: A child? Shall we stand in shallower water, and that? Robie is enjoying the conversation immensely, perhaps too FRANCIE: Enjoying yourself, Mr. Burns? ROBIE: Well, uh it is pleasant out here—the sun and all. FRANCIE: Well, its too much for me. Ill see you back at t ROBIE: I'll go with you. DANIELLE: But, Mr. Burns you didn’t finish telling me how women are more seductive than American women. Francis is gone in a quick dive. She swims quickly away t her, and then looks back at Danielle with anger. Danielle under water. Suddenly his feet are pulled out from under water. Danielle pops up, laughing and happy at his discom
322) 0) text: Two detectives are questioning Danielle at a distance. Sh nothing about Robie and his activities. She seems almost her and the police belligerently, but they turn on him wi bravery. Claude and Danielle are in bathing suits. Other the episode. Although we cannot clearly distinguish the v detectives mean business. 506. INT. ROBIE’S VILLA -(DAY)-MEDIUM SHOT Two detectives move through the doorway of Robie’s villa. way, but they push her aside, one of them shoving a searc GERMAINE: Vous n’avez pas le droit d’entrer ici! Attendez Monsieur Robie apprenne ca! (She looks at warrant in her hand) Qutest-ce que vous voulez que j’en fasse de votre papier —je ne sais pas lire! One of the detectives immediately begins searching the ro chest of drawers and abruptly stops when a black cat stan at him. GERMAINE: Et le chat ne sait pas lire non plus!
348) 0) text: Robie looks at Danielle compassionately.
349) 0) text: The CAMERA PANS BACK from Danielle to Bertani’s face. He gives a slight nod and smile of recognition. He starts to Robie. Claude follows closely behind him, like a bodyguar
350) 0) text: Robie does not acknowledge the greeting of Bertani. Inste and then follows the approach of Bertani with his eyes. I side of Robie, and slightly behind him. He speaks to him hear the priest intoning the burial service. BERTANI: (Half-whisper) A most unhappy affair, eh, Robie? ROBIE: Unhappy because it isn’t me down there? BERTANI: Poor Danielle—I have great compassion for her. ROBIE: T’ll look out for her. What do you suppose happene the things he stole? BERTANI: (Shrugs) That’s a mystery. The Police have looke place. ROBIE: Someday they’ll turn up. BERTANI: The boys owe you many thanks. ROBIE: What for? BERTANI: You know... for risking the prison to capture Le ROBIE: Oh, that. 80 BERTANI: (Smiles) But you have no reason to complain, eh ROBIE: Could you be a little more specific? BERTANI: The American girl—what’s her name? ROBIE: Ohhh—Francie Stevens! That the one? BERTANI: What lucid A beautiful woman, in love with you-r beyond your dreams— ROBIE: I dream pretty rich— BERTANI: When are you going to America? ROBIE: Didn’t know I was? BERTANI: You will make a great mistake if you don’t marry return to your native country. ROBIE: That would make it quite a mistake. Tell you what. talk about it at the Sanford Gala this weekend—between your catering duties. BERTANI: You are not invited. ROBIE: I will be. BERTANI: (A slight pause) What costume will you wear? ROBIE: Oh, I’ll figure out something to surprise you. BERTANI: Good luck. ROBIE: Isn’t that generous—considering that you have so l luck to spare.
351) 0) text: The conversation of the two men is suddenly interrupted b takes a step toward them along the edge of the open grave DANIELLE: Nous enterrons mon pere, aujourd’hui—et je vous de ne pas confondre ce cimetiere avec la Champre des Deputes! (Glares at Robie) Qui vous a demandeé de venir ici, John Robie? Personne ne vous a invité. Sans vous, mo pere vivrait encore. Robie looks uncomfortable. Everyone is turning to look at close in and begin taking pictures. The priest breaks off expression on his face as he tries to fathom the meaning closer toward Robie. DANIELLE: Voila ce que vous etes—un ignoble assassin, cyn sans pitié! Killer! It’s because of you he’s dead! She closes in on Robie. Bertani reaches out to keep her f BERTANI: Danielle, mon petit—pas en public, voyons! Vous tort. DANIELLE: Si personne n’ose le dire. Moi je le ferai. Vou bande’de laches. (English to Robie) Get out of here you American kille-—voleur—murderer—! 543. EXT. CEMETERY-(DAY).— CLOSEUP. 81 A big head of Danielle as Robie’s hand comes into the pi the cheek. Danielle stops her tirade, stunned by his reac
367) 0) text: A big head of Bertani. He is looking across, keenly, at t PULLS BACK to reveal that he is in the center of the acti quarters. Actually we are in a small yard, and in the bac station wagon, and a small black. sedan. In the foregroun various cold foods, etc. When THE CAMERA FIRST MOVES BACK, we are near enough to c sad-faced Danielle who is unpacking champagne, and puttin tubs. Antoinette, Bertani’s cashier, is seated at a small three other serving girls, in addition to three or four c lifting. They are all in 18th Century costumes, the women maids. The waiters move in and out, taking trays of food tables in the main grounds. These are also dressed as lac carrying a bucket of iced champagne bottles to a garden t THE CAMERA PANS Bertani over to Danielle. He gives her an shoulder, after which he passes Antoinette. THE CAMERA CONTINUES TO PAN Bertani. into the garden prop survey one of the buffet tables,
430) 0) text: The dark figure is twisting and fighting to keep the mask finally goes out, tears the mask off. It is Danielle. Her black beret she’s wearing. She looks up at him, caught, b DANIELLE: (Breathing heavily) You think you’ve caught The ROBIE: I caught you the night your father died. He couldn anything—and you always did his leg work during the war. You had to be in this somewhere. DANIELLE: What a mistake! John Robie-ici! John Robie, Le T’ve got him! Ici! Here! John Robie! The two heads are suddenly flooded in a white light from turns, surprised. Danielle immediately takes advantage an shadows.
433) 0) text: Robie scanning the rooftop, with every sense at his comma Danielle.
435) 0) text: Robie is intently looking for Danielle. He seems to pay n himself for a dash forward, and then suddenly runs out of
438) 0) text: Another sweep of the roof. No sign of Danielle.
439) 0) text: On the back side of the villa, Danielle is hanging from t hand over hand along the roof edge. All we can see of her the top of her head. There is a sheer drop below. The bla her wrists. She is approaching the end of one wing of the is forced to pull herself back up on the slant of the roo
440) 0) text: Francie, almost frantic with fear, dashes into the group remain on the rooftop, as do the eyes of the other police FRANCIE: Put those guns down! He isn’t The Cat! LEPIC: (Still looking up) Then what does he do on the top roof? FRANCIE: Your job! That’s what he’s doing! LEPIC: Madame, I can only believe what my eyes show me. FRANCIE: You shoot him, and P’ll— LEPIC: (Interrupts, shouting over her) John Robie is exac I knew he would be some day! He looks down to one of the other policemen, and says in LEPIC: Get her away from here! The policeman grabs her, and tries to pull her away, and anger to talk. 92 635. EXT. SANFORD VILLA-(NIGHT)-SEMI-LONG SHOT We do not shadows of the chimney, but Danielle is now climbing the into view, although she is not exposed by the searchlight
441) 0) text: Robie suddenly sees Danielle. With a quick glance below, after her. He moves forward, and two shots ring out.
443) 0) text: Robie advancing across the roof toward Danielle. Retreati lights which play on her, she reaches the edge of the roo section.
444) 0) text: Danielle looks down and then back toward Robie. 640. EXT. SANFORD VILLA,—(NIGHT)-SEMI-LONG SHOT Robie advancing towards her.
445) 0) text: Danielle, now thoroughly scared, turns from Robie and loo
449) 0) text: The CAMERA is now below, SHOOTING UP between the gap of t after a slight hesitancy, makes a leap successfully and l Danielle.
451) 0) text: Robie’s hand grabs hold of Danielle’s wrist. Her hand twi
454) 0) text: There is a genuine fright on Danielle’s face as she looks DANIELLE: Pull me up! ROBIE: I’m trying to think of a reason why I should. DANIELLE: (Louder) Now pull me up! ROBIE: Don’t shout. It makes me nervous. I might drop you DANIELLE: Then go ahead—drop me! ROBIE: Whatever you say. He lowers his arm slightly. Even greater fright passes ov shouts: DANIELLE: No! His grip tightens and holds. ROBIE: You’ve got a full house down there, Danielle. Now we begin the performance? DANIELLE: What performance? ROBIE: The one in which you tell them who is really who—a what is really what. DANIELLE: Please, John—I might slip! ROBIE: I figure I can hold you another thirty seconds. No DANIELLE: (Desperately) I did it for my father! ROBIE: That’s fine...but I already know it. We’re telling down there—remember? Danielle looks down and the sight frightens her even more DANIELLE: 1’ll kill you when I get up there. ROBIE: If you get up here. (Sharply) Tell them! She gives him a look of hatred, then shouts down: DANIELLE: I was working for my father! (She looks up) Now please— ROBIE: Your father is conveniently dead. Who else? DANIELLE: (Shouting down) And Claude, too! (To Robie) Tha ROBIE: I’m out of training. I think my fingers are beginn open. DANIELLE: (Anguish) I don’t know anything more! ROBIE: (Patiently) Now why protect him? He’s probably kee all the jewels himself. Tell that: who was behind it—who engineered everything—who sent me the “weather reports”—who knew as much about as I knew myself. Go on. 94 DANIELLE: (After hesitation, shouts down) Bertani! Augus was behind it! (Looks up) Now, you miserable— ROBIE: You left out one important thing. —Of course, I’m DANIELLE: I know nothing more. You’re frightening me to d ROBIE: You'll, probably think of it—just before you hit t ground. I’m getting a cramp in my arm. He seems to lower her slightly. She is terrified. DANIELLE: (Looks down, closing her eyes, shouts) John Rob nothing to do with it! Nothing! (Looks up, frightened almost to tears) Now, please—please pull me up! I'll die— Slowly Robie pulls her up to the roof. She freezes agains shock. Robie leans back against the roof and takes a deep
455) 0) text: In the main entrance hall of the Sanford villa, lighted s are Lepic, Mercier, Danielle, Bertani and Hughson. Robie, the hallway on their way to the door. They pause. Lepic, affable than we have known him to be. LEPIC: Well, I think we have discussed all the details. I not clear to you, Monsieur Bertani? BERTANI: (Shrugs pleasantly) No—but one little request. LEPIC: Yes? BERTANI: That I come to the police station at twelve tomo instead of ten. LEPIC: (Smiles) Ten, please. Be on time. BERTANI: But I must find somebody to manage my restaurant winks broadly) | may be away a long time, eh? LEPIC: (Shrugs) A private matter—between you and the judg BERTANI: (Smiles) Twelve o’clock, then? LEPIC: (Pleasantly) Ten. And bring a lawyer, if you desir BERTANI: (Skeptically) No thank you. (Bows slightly to th Bonne nuit, mesdames et messieurs. They nod silently in, return to him. BERTANI: (To Robie) I regret having given you such troubl Monsieur Robie. ROBIE: Well, Bertani—had it ended differently, I might ha a little put out. As it is, I have no personal complaints BERTANI: You'll eat at my restaurant again? ROBIE: The very day you get out. BERTANI: Ah...we’ll have a great feast! ROBIE: Hurry back. 95 BERTANI: (Smiles to him, turns to go, remembers somethin —Monsieur Lepic, pardon—Danielle Foussard. May I bring her with me at ten? LEPIC: Unfortunately, no. She comes with us tonight. BERTANI: (Shrugs) If you must. Bonne nuit. He turns and walks across the hallway and out of the pict
456) 0) text: Robie turns to Francie and Mrs. Stevens. ROBIE: I think we had better “bonne nuit” ourselves. Francie isn’t listening to him. She seems to be staring a either sympathy, or wonder. Robie follows her glance. Dan DANIELLE: I'd like to get some sleep. LEPIC: I’m afraid that your next bed will be a hard one. DANIELLE: I don’t mind. I’ve slept on prison beds before. ROBIE: (Looks at her quickly) When were you ever in priso Danielle? DANIELLE: (Stops, looks directly at him) I was born in ja Robie and Francie look at each other, not too happily. Mr door. ROBIE: (To Danielle) Goodnight. Danielle smiles at him, then quickly walks up to him and DANIELLE: Well, no South America. ROBIE: Guess not. They separate and Robie takes Francie’s arm, and follows