135) 0) text: Hughson’s shock melts somewhat. HUGHSON: Well, if a man makes a mistake in counting— Robie lumps in quickly: ROBIE: But you didn’t take the money back? (Before Hughso answer) Of course not. Ever take an ashtray from a hotel? Or a towel? HUGHSON: Souvenirs—they expect that. But— ROBIE: Of course they do. Are you going to deduct this lu from your expense account? Robie smiles mischievously at this. Hughson opens his mou ROBIE: Of course you’re not. It would be stupid. Hughson takes a good drink of the wine, and as he drinks, as he puts down the glass, Robie hastens to refill it. ROBIE: Do you agree? HUGHSON: Yes. ROBIE: (Gently, but quickly) You're a thief. Hughson sits back in his chair and stares unbelievingly a ROBIE: Only an amateur thief, of course—but it might help have some sympathy for us professionals. HUGHSON: (Still a little stunned) 1 don’t think I underst ROBIE: Look at it this way. You’re sorry you shortchanged butcher, or took an ashtray from a hotel, aren’t you? HUGHSON: Right now, yes. ROBIE: And someday you'll be sorry for not deducting this from your expense account. HUGHSON: I can’t possibly deduct every little item from m account. I frankly couldn’t spare the time. ROBIE: Someday you'll wish you had. I’m sorry for ever st in crime—I look back with horror on every job I pulled —TI have since paid out more in regret than I ever took i precious stones—but that doesn’t help, because I’ll never 31 stop paying for it. The world won’t let me. Every time a ashtray is missing from a hotel they don’t come looking for you—but let a diamond bracelet disappear in France, and they shout John Robie, The Cat! You don’t have to prove your honesty every day of your life. I do. He takes a drink of the wine. Then smiles pleasantly at H ROBIE: Now, shall we get down to business—the list? Hughson’s hand hesitates as it reaches for his pocket. ROBIE: Something bothering you? HUGHSON: (After pause) I told the police what you were go ROBIE: I didn’t expect them to like the arrangement. HUGHSON: You were wrong. They thought it a splendid idea. Robie is briefly thoughtful. HUGHSON: They, of course, hope you'll make a mistake—and provide them with the evidence they need against you. ROBIE: It had to be something like that. He holds out his hand. HUGHSON: Suppose the whole thing goes wrong? ROBIE: Come on, Hughson, we’re wasting time. Hughson reaches for his pocket slowly. He takes out some Robie. Robie takes them eagerly, opens them, scans the na watches him apprehensively. Robie mumbles and nods apprec ROBIE: Quite a thorough job. (He looks up) Have some wine Hughson. Hughson automatically reaches for a wine glass, starts to ROBIE: Wish I’d known somebody in the insurance racket wh I first started in the burglary business. Hughson blanches, nervously puts down the wine. HUGHSON: Tell me how you plan to operate? ROBIE: Well, The Cat has operated every place but Cannes. due there. (Consults the list) I think my first bait will this Mrs. Stevens—the American woman with the dia- monds, and the daughter. (Looks up) Know them? HUGHSON: I’m having dinner with them tomorrow. Would you an introduction? ROBIE: Hughson-in this business you can’t do things the h way. Remember that. (Looks at Hughson’s plate) Mr. Hughson, you’re not eating. Hughson has lost his appetite. Robie carefully folds the
137) 0) text: At a table in the far corner, three people are seated. Th dinner. The man we immediately identify is Hughson, weari women, one middle-aged, one young. Both are extremely wel is conspicuous by a display of jewelry which she wears. T single piece of jewelry. There is no distraction from the HUGHSON: Mrs. Stevens, wouldn’t it be perhaps better if y some of those jewels back in the hotel safe? Mrs. Stevens puts out a cigarette she has been smoking. S MRS. STEVENS: Stop acting like an insurance agent. I didn things for my old age—I bought them to wear. The waiter comes up with the check. Hughson reaches for s him. She takes the check and the waiter’s pen. MRS. STEVENS: Keep your money, Hughson. You can cheat a l your expense account. At this moment Hughson looks across the room.
139) 0) text: Hughson’s expression shows a slight surprise, which he qu Mrs. Stevens and her daughter. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to r signing the check, and the daughter is busy putting thing MRS. STEVENS: (Mutters) Service compris. Service compris. HUGHSON: What does that mean? MRS. STEVENS: It means that every one from the vegetable the manager gets a tip whether they earned it or not. It’ the law. She finishes signing the check. FRANCIE: Mother, everywhere you go, you complain about ti MRS. STEVENS: And I will continue to complain. (Hands wai I have just paid for the privilege. She pushes her chair, preparatory to getting up. MRS. STEVENS: Well, come on, let’s go over to the Casino. the tables while they’re hot. FRANCIE: Why don’t you just mail them the money? The waiter moves behind her to assist her with the chair. MRS. STEVENS: No thanks, Pierre—I can’t afford it. 33 Mrs. Stevens stands. Hughson helps drape a stole around something across the room.
141) 0) text: Still looking, Mrs. Stevens comments: MRS. STEVENS: Handsome. As Francie stands, she looks toward Robie. FRANCIE: Mother. MRS. STEVENS: Want me to buy that for you? Francie turns back with a look of annoyance. FRANCIE: Maybe Mr. Hughson doesn’t care for gambling. Hughson opens his mouth to speak, but she interrupts. MRS. STEVENS: Everybody likes to gamble—one way or anothe She starts away from the table, the CAMERA PANNING. She p shoulder: MRS. STEVENS: Even you. Francie and Hughson follow her. Francie drags her fur coa FRANCIE: I have an intense dislike for it. MRS. STEVENS: Francie, lamb—when the stakes are right—you Hughson’s face shows. some admiration for her rough philo the entrance.
142) 0) text: The group is emerging from the dining room, and approache BACK as they enter the lobby. Mrs. Stevens looks about he
143) 0) text: The CAMERA is MOVING in time with Mrs. Stevens’ walk. We desk clerks standing by a jeweler’s show case. The glass out a piece of jewelry.
144) 0) text: The group moving towards the CAMERA, as it RETREATS. MRS. STEVENS: Handsome down there’s looking at some of th jewelry. Not even worth insuring, is it H.H.? HUGHSON: Hardly. They walk along some more. They are now opposite Robie.
146) 0) text: The group still walking toward the CAMERA. Without lookin comments: MRS. STEVENS: Almost everything is. The group passes on out of the picture. Robie is revealed desk clerk, who puts the jewelry back in the case. Robie
147) 0) text: SHOOTING ACROSS the roulette table, with the spinning whe backed by the standing figures of her daughter and Hughso sit to her right. Amid the hubbub and the cries of the cr the rattle of chips-one VOICE comes out clearly: MRS. STEVENS: I knew I shouldn’t have stopped here. Bacca game. Why did you let me get so close to this whirling pickpocket, anyway? Francie and Hughson exchange glances of amusement. She wa drops. CROUPIER: Vingt-trois. Le numero vingt-trois gagne la mis MRS. STEVENS: (Slumps a little) Wouldn’t you know! HUGHSON: Well, shall we move along? CROUPIER: Faites vos jeux. Faites vos jeux. She holds up one remaining stack of chips. MRS. STEVENS: Let me get rid of these. Two spins. As she turns to place her bets, something catches her eye
149) 0) text: CROUPIER: Rien ne va plus. Rien ne va plus. The wheel spins. MRS. STEVENS: Don’t be so glum., H.H.—just think, if I wi jewelry. If I buy jewelry, you get another policy and a commission. CROUPIER: Trente et un! Le numéro trente et un. MRS. STEVENS: (Wryly) ’'m what they call a “good loser”. Immediately she starts placing tier last chips out.
150) 0) text: At the other side of the table, Robie has a large rectang to be looking over the numbers. Seated in front of him is briefest moment, Robie looks across at Mrs. Stevens. 35
154) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens, her daughter and Hughson. She is in the mid Her chip is held in her thumb and finger. There is a sudd quickly, as do the others around her. 265. INT. MUNICIPAL CASINO -‘(NIGHT)-MEDIUM SHOT From their viewpoint. The buxom Frenchwoman has her hands is looking around at an embarrassed Robie.
157) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens, her daughter, Hughson, and others around th at his confusion.
161) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens is laughing heartily now. 36 k73. INT. MUNICIPAL CASINO-(NIGHT)-SEMI-CLOSEUP Robie sees Mrs. Stevens enjoying his discomfiture. He res laugh.
162) 0) text: The Carlton Hotel bar is empty except for a group of four THE CAMERA MOVES IN until the table of four fills the scr Robie is now a member of the Stevens’ party. He sits betw Hughson is opposite Mrs. Stevens. Champagne glasses are i Hughson’s drink is a horse’s neck. Mrs. Stevens has a bottle of bourbon and a straight shot glass MRS. STEVENS: (Somewhat drunk) If Jeremiah was only alive all of this gadding about from Palm Springs, to St. Morit to the Riviera—he’d think all of it was foolishness. Or, he used to say,“I wouldn’t be one of them silly society saps if they promised me I could live forever.” She picks up the bourbon bottle, starts to pour a straigh MRS. STEVENS: Well—he got his wish. She pours. Holds it up. Looks across to Robie sitting nex MRS. STEVENS: Where did you say you came from, Mr. Burns? ROBIE: (Pleasantly) Oregon. FRANCIE: (Quietly) The Rogue River. MRS. STEVENS: Jeremiah would have liked you. A man with b the ground. That’s what he was like. (Squints at drink) Unfortunately for him—he never knew how valuable the ground was he had his feet on. We had a ranch—it wasn’t very big, you see. FRANCIE: Mother, please, isn’t it time— MRS. STEVENS: Mr. Burns would be very interested. We had wasn’t very big, you see. No plumbing. A little thing out back. Jeremiah will never know how close he came to twenty million barrels of oil. Robie laughs, as does Hughson. Francie can’t even refrain Stevens drinks. Puts shot glass down. MRS. STEVENS: Bourbon’s the only drink. You can take all pagne and pour it down the English Channel. Why wait eighty years before you can drink the stuff? Great vine- yards, huge barrels, aging forever—monks running around testing it—shippers, waiters—all so some woman in Tulsa, Oklahoma can say it tickles her nose. Francie seems to want to leave. 37
162) 2) dialog: 
162) 4) dialog: 
162) 6) dialog: 
162) 8) dialog: Robie glances at Francis.
162) 9) dialog: 
162) 11) dialog: How come you haven’t made a pass for my daughter? (To Francis) And don’t say “mother” to me. (She imitates Francis’s tone) Mr. Burns—I asked you a question. She’s very pretty. Quietly attractive. But too nice. I’m sorry I ever sent her to finishing scho I think they finished her there. Francis rises, seemingly not disturbed.
162) 13) dialog: She turns to Hughson.
162) 14) dialog: And so up to bed—where I can cuddle up to my jewelry. You know, Mr. Hughson—as rare and wonderful as they are—I think I'd rather have eighty thousand dollars worth of Jeremiahs. Robie helps Francie on with her fur, as Mr. Hughson helps
162) 18) dialog: 
162) 20) dialog: 
162) 22) dialog: Robie smiles.
163) 0) text: 38 Mrs. Stevens, Robie and Francie are coming down toward T door to our left. Mrs. Stevens is unsteady. Without even Robie. He takes it, opens the door. MRS. STEVENS: Thank you, Mr. Burns—there is very little l here. Just why did you come to the Riviera anyway? ROBIE: To meet someone as charming as you. MRS. STEVENS: (Turns into doorway) Boy! Now I am going to investigated! She starts to close the door behind her. Robie turns to F ROBIE: Aren’t you going in? Francie starts to move away. The CAMERA RETREATING. FRANCIE: I’m down the other end. The door closes behind Mrs. Stevens. Robie walks after Fr quite a way down the corridor. It passes one door, and Fr third door which leads into the suite. She puts her key i as she starts to pass through the door. Robie remains in open doorway, and turns to look back at him. She studies calm expression. Then quickly steps forward and presses h the CAMERA MOVES IN to big heads. She breaks away, turns, closes it behind her. Robie stares at the blank door. When he tarns back to the CAMERA, there is a thoughtful l smear across his lips. He turns away, and retraces his st handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe off the lipstick. through which Mrs. Stevens went.
173) 0) text: A tableau of three people. Mrs. Stevens, Robie and Hughso Stevens is in a somewhat elaborate, but tasteful, dressin expensive rings on her fingers, and earrings. There is a stands near the window, and faces the doorway. On one side of the room stands a portable tea service, wi for three on it. Robie dressed in casual sport clothes, s toward the door, with a blank expression on his face, whi Standing in the doorway, hat in hand, is H. H. Hughson. ROBIE: How much did he get away with last night? Hughson closes the door behind him, and advances into the table. HUGHSON: The gems were insured for thirty-five thousand. dollars. MRS. STEVENS: (Shrugs) Somebody wins—somebody loses. ROBIE: (With a show of elaborate sympathy) Hughson, I sympathize with you—having to send bad news like that to your home office. 288. INT. STEVENS SITTING ROOM-~(DAY)-SEMI-CLOSEUP Hughso slowly. HUGHSON: I insured Madame Leroux—personally.
176) 0) text: The group. Robie pretends that the information is importa 40 ROBIE: Oh yes. Well, now you know he’s here in Cannes— (Smiles)—and getting closer. (With innocence) That’s something, isn’t it? Hughson gives Robie an uncomfortable look. Then he turns HUGHSON: Mrs. Stevens—Would you—would you kindly keep you jewelry in the hotel safe?
177) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens turns from the window, walks past the breakf stub out in an uneaten fried egg. MRS. STEVENS: And what do I do, Mr. Hughson—wear the safe my neck when I go out? Hughson’s voice is heard off: HUGHSON’S VOICE: (Slightly embarrassed) Well, not literal MRS. STEVENS: That your insurance company goes into shock something’s stolen. If you haven’t any guts, you shouldn’ have taken my bet. That’s what it was—a bet. Now, do you want to welch? HUGHSON: If your jewels are stolen, you'll be paid, of co couldn’t replace the sentiment and affection you have for those particular pieces. MRS. STEVENS: Mr. Hughson, I have no more “affection” for than I have for a train ticket that gets me somewhere. She lights another cigarette, and advances on Hughson, sm a train. THE CAMERA CLOSES IN. MRS. STEVENS: They’re pretty, and they get attention. But they make it possible for my daughter to go to the right places without being ashamed of me. (She turns away) That is, too ashamed of me. 293 thru 302 OMITTED
180) 0) text: At that moment, Francie Stevens enters the room from the She wears a house robe. The CAMERA PANS her to the group. FRANCIE: Good morning, Mr. Hughson. HUGHSON: (A slight bow) Good morning, Miss Stevens. FRANCIE: Mr. Burns? 41 ROBIE: You sent for me? FRANCIE: I thought we might go for a swim this morning, o you're not athletic, sun bathing. ROBIE: I think I can manage to stay afloat, thank you. MRS. STEVENS: Mr. Hughson’s been telling us about ‘a jewe night—after we went to bed. FRANCIE: (To Hughson) Oh? Who? HUGHSON: (Unhappily repeating it) A Madame Leroux, Wife o high Government official. Thirty-five thousand dollars. FRANCIE: Too bad. (To Hughson) You should find a more hap business. MRS. STEVENS: That famous jewel thief—The Cat—is loose ag say. FRANCIE: (Cheerfully) Mother, you’re next. MRS. STEVENS: (Shrugs) I'm insured.
182) 0) text: Robie’s expression seems to sympathize with Hughson, then attention to Francis. ROBIE: I’d better get my bathing trunks and meet you in t lobby. FRANCIE: (Smiles at him) All right. Pll just throw on som unusual and be down in a few minutes. ROBIE: Fine. CAMERA PANS Robie over to the door. ROBIE: Well, goodbye, Mrs. Stevens. Good hunting, Hughson Robie opens the door. Hughson hurries over to him. HUGHSON: Oh, just a minute, Mr. Burns. Uh—weren’t we were —going to—to—? ROBIE: (Pleasantly) What?
186) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens shoos the two young people out of the door. MRS. STEVENS: Will you kids get out of here? Robie smiles at her as he goes out the door. Hughson stil the circumstances in which he finds himself. Before he cl back to Hughson. ROBIE: Don’t let it spoil your day, Mr. Hughson. It’s onl —and not even yours, at that. He closes the door with a smile. Hughson’s small pointed
319) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens shifts her eyes to the police. MRS. STEVENS: Never heard of him.
321) 0) text: Francie and Mrs. Stevens are in the sitting room. They ar obviously in the middle of an argument. Their eyes flash, MRS. STEVENS: What right did you have to tell the police the robbery? FRANCIE: Who else could have done it? MRS. STEVENS: We might be in France—but I’m still an Amer A man is innocent until proved guilty! Proved! FRANCIE: That won’t be hard! MRS. STEVENS: What’s bothering you is that Robie is the f wouldn’t fall down and roll over for you. FRANCIE: Mother—he played both of us for fools and you kn MRS. STEVENS: I know that you ought to be spanked with a and sent back to a good public school where they could pound some sense into you during recess. FRANCIE: He’s a low, worthless thief! MRS. STEVENS: Just what did he steal from you? FRANCIE: Oh, mother —I— MRS. STEVENS: Sit down while I tell you about life—and Jo pause; shouts) Sit down before I knock you down!
342) 0) text: Ten or fifteen people are standing around the news stand, paper. Some slowly walk past THE CAMERA. On the fringe of THE CAMERA, are Francie and her mother. As they come into both of them look at the scene with interest. MRS. STEVENS: Almost everybody in Philadelphia reads the FRANCIE: Just a minute, mother. She moves toward the news stand, and buys a paper. Once s holds the paper in front of her, and like the others walk case toward her mother. Mrs. Steven’s curiosity is arouse cannot read French. MRS. STEVENS: What is it? What’s the excitement? Francie looks up. FRANCIE: The Cat burglar is dead. 77 MRS. STEVENS: (Alarmed) John Robie? Francis refers again to the paper. FRANCIE: A man named Foussard—a wine steward from a res- taurant.
343) 0) text: She stares over the paper into space. Over this we hear M MRS. STEVENS: Honey, you’d better start practicing your a two languages.
363) 0) text: This is the main doorway from the house to the grounds. A lead froma terrace. We get a glimpse of a large entrance doorway and onto the terrace where Mr. and Mrs. Sanford, arrivals. Having made their Eighteenth Century curtsies t arrival moves on down the steps and approaches THE CAMERA THE CAMERA concentrates on the central figure of each new nearer, our attention is centered on the jewelry being wo treated to displays of fabulous stones and elegant settin The SOUND of music is heard off, flourishing the entrance
373) 0) text: As the three of them come up to the table, Bertani and Le Lepic’s assistant, watches the approaching group. LEPIC: Je m’excuse d’avoir dit faire ramasser par mes hom quelques-uns de vos garcons de cuisine. Moi aussi j’obéis aux ordres. BERTANI: Bab! Je comprends ces choses-la! Que voulez-vous est la Loi. The attendant, who is Claude of the Beach Club, noticing CLAUDE: Champagne, Mesdames—Monsieur? FRANCIE: Yes, please. Claude gets the glasses, and pours. Lepic, Bertani and Me the group. Lepic and Bertani carry on a conversation in F quantity of food and drink which will be served at the ga remember something. MRS. STEVENS: Oh, my heart pills! (She turns to Robie) I champagne without my pills. It makes my heart pound. FRANCIE: Where did you leave them? MRS. STEVENS: In our room, when we put the luggage up the probably in my purse. (To Robie) Would you be sweet, John, and go get my purse for me? ROBIE: Of course. He turns and walks toward the villa.
375) 0) text: A quick flash to Francie, as she puts a cautioning hand o guardedly. FRANCIE: Mother—! The mother answers in a hoarse kind of stage whisper. MRS. STEVENS: Well, Francie—all I said was— Francie interrupts her, with: FRANCIE: Never mind what you said!
382) 0) text: We pick up Robie moving through the crowd and PAN HIM OVE hands Mrs. Stevens her purse. Francie whispers something music for dancing begins and before they have time to dri poured for them, Robie invites Francie to dance. He is ac standing at the buffet table.
383) 0) text: Mrs. Stevens looks around to see if she is being observed she quickly drains the three glasses of champagne, one af the third glass, the attendant has turned around and noti He picks up the bottle and offers her more. MRS. STEVENS: Have you got any bourbon? The attendant smiles, produces a bottle of bourbon. Mrs. stiff drink.
401) 0) text: The bedroom assigned to Francie and her mother, looking o Mrs. Stevens is sleeping in an armchair in the foreground ing. Francie sits down on a chair, almost exhausted. Robi the wall by a dresser. He takes off his plume and tosses FRANCIE: Wasn’t that fun?
432) 0) text: Francie turns quickly from the window and runs to the doo pass the sleeping figure of Mrs. Stevens, who is snoring 626. EXT. SANFORD VILLA-(NIGHT)-MEDIUM SHOT. Robie looks about him desperately while still bathed in t crouches behind the shadows of a tall chimney.
456) 0) text: Robie turns to Francie and Mrs. Stevens. ROBIE: I think we had better “bonne nuit” ourselves. Francie isn’t listening to him. She seems to be staring a either sympathy, or wonder. Robie follows her glance. Dan DANIELLE: I'd like to get some sleep. LEPIC: I’m afraid that your next bed will be a hard one. DANIELLE: I don’t mind. I’ve slept on prison beds before. ROBIE: (Looks at her quickly) When were you ever in priso Danielle? DANIELLE: (Stops, looks directly at him) I was born in ja Robie and Francie look at each other, not too happily. Mr door. ROBIE: (To Danielle) Goodnight. Danielle smiles at him, then quickly walks up to him and DANIELLE: Well, no South America. ROBIE: Guess not. They separate and Robie takes Francie’s arm, and follows
457) 0) text: Robie, Francis and Mrs. Stevens come down the steps of th and a couple of the chefs from Bertani’s restaurant. The him, shake his hand, punch him affectionately. LA MULE: Ah, Monsieur Robie! CHEF: Nous avons honte de vous avoir si mal jugé. Nous vo prions de nous excuser. Robie smiles happily at the group.