9) 0) text: Acar, same age as Paul's machine, rambles to a halt in fr house. MAIDA - Paul's secretary ~ has arrived for work, S middle-aged, seems rather dour, but her mouth has a suspi comic twist -- and if she appears to be cynical, a closer eyes will give away her good heart. She wears, everlastin flowered hat -- the badge of respectability among middle- western American women. At the stoop she picks up the bot milk and casts about among the bushes for the morning pap mumbling as she searches, 'Where'd he ‘throw it this time find the paper, goes on in the house, collecting the mail
10) 0) text: The window shades are drawn -- the lamp still burns. Parn stretched out on the couch, hat over his face -- a couple bottles on the floor beside him, Maida opens the blinds, the lamp, glowers at Parnell and pushes through the swing into the kitchen.
10) 3) dialog: Oh, there itis.
10) 5) dialog: The newspaper. I thought maybe they didn't bring it. We haven't paid the bill. She uncaps the milk bottle, pours a little into Paul's co looks over his shoulder to see what he is reading.
10) 8) dialog: Doesn't he ever go home ?
10) 13) dialog: (flatly) Is that a fact?
10) 15) dialog: What appointments? People think you've migrated to the woods, Maida opens the big freezer, looks inside with disapprova
10) 16) dialog: If that freezer gets many more fish it'll swim up-stream and spawn -- all by itself, She closes the freezer and goes to stand by the toaster - The machine pops a piece of toast into the air. She catch matter-of-factly -- puts it on a plate, takes it to the t it at Paul's elbow.
10) 17) dialog: Could I have your attention for a minute ?
10) 19) dialog: I've been going over your checkbook. Ican't pay me my salary. What did you do with the fee from the Willy's divorce? Help salt a uranium mine or something? .
10) 21) dialog: Like a new outboard motor? Wish I could be classed as a necessity. Paul drains the coffee cup -- takes his hat from the corn chair -- starts for the door into the hallway.
10) 22) dialog: Don't you want your toast? (CONTINUED)
10) 27) text: (turning preoccupied) I'll - I'll call you -- uh -- let you know how things go. He exits. Maida follows him into the hallway and calls af
10) 28) dialog: Don't let him pay you with Purple Hearts. Professional soldiers never have a dime. I know. I was married to one.
15) 0) text: As Paul enters, Maida is banging efficiently on her typew the respectable flowered hat on her head. Paul's office d is closed but MUSIC filters through. Maida, without break the typewriter's rhythm, jerks her head toward Paul's off door,
15) 1) dialog: Mrs, Manion's been waiting a long time. She's gone through your albums from Dixieland to Brubeck,
15) 3) dialog: (thinking a moment) Soft--easy--the kind men like to abuse -- and do. Did you get some money?
15) 5) dialog: (going back to her work) Why? I've been around, Paul smiles his appreciation of Maida and enters hig offi
16) 150) dialog: You're very welcome;
16) 152) text: She goes on into the hallway as Parnell is entering. He l pass, looks after her and comes into Maida's office, Paul has gone ta his closet, gets out his fishing hat, selects lures, pins them on the hat.
16) 163) dialog: Why else would he say it?
16) 169) dialog: Why don't you know? (CONTINUED)
16) 176) dialog: Ever tried it? Parnell's silence is in the negative.
16) 177) dialog: (continues) Try it.
20) 0) text: Maida is ‘in the back seat. Paul is driving, with Parnell beside him. Parnell is pale and perspiring, touching his now and then with a handkerchief which he holds wadded in palm, In his other hand he holds a half empty bottle of r Pop.
20) 11) dialog: Will someone tell me why I was commandeered for this junket to ' Thunder Bay? q.
20) 13) dialog: 
20) 22) dialog: Right, She closes the rear door, moves away toward the beauty sh enters, The front car door opens and Parnell bumbles out,
24) 11) dialog: Easy. Mary Pilant may or may not have been the mistress of the late B. Quill. The manicurists are in favor of the mistress theory and the hair stylists are agin it. But all agree some kind of hanky-panky was going on here. (she sees Mary approaching the table) To be continued.
24) 13) dialog: Thank you. Mary moves on. Maida, glancing after her, turns back to P sees that he too, is watching after Mary.
24) 14) dialog: (continues) Pretty, huh?
24) 20) dialog: There is one story which says that Barney's wild night with Mrs. Manion was somehow triggered by Mary Pilant --. seems she had been stepping out with a soldier and Barney blew his stack, got tanked up and exploded,
24) 22) dialog: No, a Canadian, Barney brought her in to dress up this place and she stayed to manage for him, I'd say she's done all right.
24) 25) dialog: What da you mean where? The pretty one with the menus, Paul stares at Maida almost shocked, Astonished, he looks door where Mary is standing, Mary is watching his table. meet and she turns away to greet Parnell who has at this arrived at the dining room entrance. Parnell gestures tow table-and Mary leads the way to the table,
30) 0) text: Paul, standing inside at the top of the stairs, his singl his arm, watching the spectators crowd up the stairs and courtroom. The Deputy at the door keeps repeating ‘Move s "Don't rush," Take it easy, folks.'' Maida is in the crus stairs, literally being pushed upward, She reaches the la manages to slip out of the mob to Paul, (CONTINUED)
30) 5) dialog: (straightening her hat) We're drawing well today, aren't we?
30) 7) dialog: Parnell? Why, isn't he here?
30) 9) dialog: I promised not to tell, so don't ask me. coy a, PAUL ’ What's the big secret. Us
30) 10) dialog: He thinks you might worry.
30) 12) dialog: No. He's sober.
30) 14) dialog: He did borrow my car for something or other.
30) 16) dialog: My word is my bond. Holding onto her hat, she steps back into the crush of sp and is carried on into the courtroom.
30) 305) dialog: Will do. PAUL . Will you please tell me where Parne. = has gone? : MAIDA : a Won't do,
30) 307) dialog: You can't fire me until you pay me. Sergeant Durgo is now on the stand. He is a strong~lookin man of about forty, direct, thoughtful, honest. Mitch tak direct examination, (CONTINUED)
35) 0) text: Dr. Smith, in his horn-rimmed glasses, is on the stand, P with Maida on the spectator's bench behind defense table, interrogating. . PAUL” Doctor, have you formed an opinion, as to Frederick Manion's emotional disorganization at the time he killed Barney Quill?
35) 38) dialog: She didn't come back after lunch. You'd better give up on that one.
36) 0) text: Paul is at the piano, aimlessly tinkering with some slow Parnell lies on the old couch, hat over his face. Maida c the kitchen, carrying a cup.of coffee, surveys the two me to peer through squinted eyes‘at the clock on Paul's desk one o'clock,
36) 1) dialog: Think they're going to stay out all night? * (a pause) Why can't somebody say something?
36) 5) dialog: Tell me we're going to win. I'm counting on getting that promissory note from the Lieutenant. Ihope we can borrow some money on it. I need a new typewriter. Half the time the ‘p' and the 'f' won't strike on mine. ‘Party of the first part! sometimes comes out, ‘arty o' the irst art. ' it doesn't make sense. It's embarrassing.
36) 8) dialog: I don't know what I'd do if I were on that jury. I really dont know. Do you?
36) 15) dialog: I liked yours much better, Polly.
36) 18) text: The RING of the phone cuts into the racket Paul is making piano. He stops playing suddenly. He and Parnell turn tow Maida who has seized the phone,
36) 19) dialog: (into phone) Paul Biegler's office... Yes sir. Right away. (she hangs up) They're ready,