12) 0) text: There is a small reception area which contains a desk and straight-backed chairs, Behind the desk is a barred steel which we can see a flight of iron steps leading upward to floors, Another opening leads to the jailer's living quar door,,labeled SHERIFF,. goes off.into alarger office, The opens -~ causing a buzzer to SOUND loudly somewhere off i jailer's quarters -- and Paul and Laura enter, SULO, the answering the buzzer, hurries into the office, Sulo is a moving man with an open, good face. He speaks with a Finn
14) 0) text: Paul is waiting as Sulo ushers Manion in and closes the d has a wrapped package.under his arm, Manion glances coldl Paul, passes him and sits at the Sheriff's desk,
25) 89) dialog: (uncomfortably) I'm afraid I can't do that, your honor, There is a portentous silence in the courtroom. Judge Wea looks from the unhappy Sheriff to the embarrassed Paul an finally to the scared Mitch,
25) 116) dialog: Can you hurry it up, Polly? Somebody tells that judge the prisoner was lounging around the railroad station he'll really give me the works,
25) 117) text: Only take a minute, Sheriff, (CONTINUED)
32) 14) dialog: The doctor here says he's all right.
33) 0) text: There are several beds in the room and in one of them lie a strip.of bandage across his forehead, his eyes closed. Sheriff:and:the Interne cdme into the room, ‘halt before speak in low tones,
33) 2) dialog: He wrecked a gate and a barn door -- and he hasn't got a driver's license, He'll have to appear in the JP Court when he's able, Old fool. (CONTINUED)
33) 8) dialog: Sure, Polly. The Sheriff and the Interne leave,
34) 285) dialog: Come on, Lieutenant. Let's see what Sulo has for us. Manion goes with the Sheriff, Laura with Maida through th the lawyers' conference room. Paul gets his hat from the starts up the aisle to the main doors of the courtroom, T is emptying and Mary is isolated among the empty benches. moves toward her. Nervously she rises, and avoiding him, to join the throng leaving the courtroom, Paul holds, loo her with curiosity.
36) 40) dialog: Yes sir. All the principals are present.