3) 4) dialog: Morning.
3) 6) dialog: What’d you do this weekend?
3) 8) dialog: Y’know it is our 10 year anniversary. Think you could start calling me Charlie?
4) 0) text: The most elegant, most comfortable private lobby in NYC. three-story high ceiling with a glass wall filling the sp with light. A cherry-oak-paneled concierge’s counter topp with Egyptian marble. Designer divans and reading chairs galore and a zen fountain. Charlie points towards the front door, at LESTER, the doo we saw earlier. Well into his 70s, he knows no greater pleasure than doing his job well.
4) 4) dialog: You call Lester, Lester.
6) 2) dialog: Looks like he’s jumped the gun. He gestures at THE ELEVATOR BANK, where ARTHUR BRANIFF, 6 gets off the elevator, MR. DEV’REAUX, dapper in his new uniform, happily chatting while manning the elevator. Despite his $200 haircut and hand-tailored dress shirt an Caribbean tan, Braniff is a master at getting people to forget Fitzgerald’s maxim about the rich ("They're differ than you and me”).
6) 5) dialog: Told a resident his first name...?! Uh uh uh. Cole wants to yank Dev’reaux aside, but Braniff seems to enjoying the encounter, so Cole keeps a smile on his face a moment more.
6) 31) dialog: Mr. Howard apologizes. He got past us. 12.
9) 0) text: ON A CHECK: “Alimony -- September.” Cole’s mailing his monthly dues as Charlie, in civvies now, raps on the door Exiting, Cole and Charlie pass the LOCKER ROOM. Cole lean in to kill the light, to find Lester still here, gazing i space.
9) 1) dialog: Lester? You okay?
10) 0) text: Cole, Charlie and Lester exit the building together, head to their various homes. Cole notices: the tinted window c is still sitting there. And -- across the street -- there
10) 3) dialog: (shrugs ) Call the city.
24) 0) text: Mr. Svickhar approaches Charlie.
24) 2) dialog: Why?
26) 0) text: Charlie, Ms. Perez, and Dev watch Braniff from inside.
26) 1) dialog: (bitterly quoting Braniff) “Tough times makes civilized people do uncivilized things.” Braniff comes in out of the media storm, along with his w and lawyer and a phalanx of FBI agents. Cole turns to his employees:
36) 2) text: DEV’REAUX (CONT’D) I’ll get more next week. (as they’re out of earshot) From fuck-all knows where. Charlie spies Cole marching in, furious, beelining toward elevators.
36) 3) dialog: (‘what the hell’) You forget something? Cole just blasts on by, intent.
38) 0) text: Holiday revelers sing karaoke and get hammered at the bar the back, Cole, Dev’reaux, Fitzhugh and Charlie huddle in booth; the mood here is funereal. DEV’ REAUX How do you steal sixty billion dollars?! I mean, nobody sit up after the first ten billion gone and say, whoa! lLet’s change the locks?!
38) 2) dialog: Cole? You okay? There are other jobs, you know. Cole’s not listening. Charlie, Fitz and Dev exchange glances, worried. Then:
38) 4) dialog: That’s not a career for these times! Those guys are working for food!
40) 2) dialog: You're fired from your job in the worst economy since the dust bowl and that’s what’s on your mind? A wall? Cole doesn’t answer. His mind is going a mile a minute. H turns to Fitzhugh.
40) 6) dialog: Cole, what are you doing?
40) 8) dialog: I know, I mean: what are you doing checking if it’s load-bearing? Clunk. A hollow sound. Cole taps all around it. Smiles.
40) 11) dialog: Would you tell me what's going through your head?
47) 7) dialog: Yeah. Good, good thinking. Let’s just rob the penthouse apartment of the building we work in -- with the tenant still inside -- with FBI agents STATIONED OUTSIDE THE FRONT DOOR, WITH security cameras -- to steal twenty million that MIGHT be in there -- IN THE MIDDLE OF OUR
47) 10) dialog: Why don’t I just pull out a bomb on an airplane? Same odds of getting away!
47) 20) dialog: (exasperated, to Cole) You’ve lost your mind.
47) 22) dialog: Oh, yeah, cavalry! A concierge, a building manager, an elevator operator... and this one -- this guy I don’t know from Adam -- your childhood buddy who YOU trust because he’s been stealing since you were in your playpen--? It’s a moment of truth between Charlie and Cole. They hol each other’s stares.
47) 24) dialog: Yeah, yeah, ‘cause of Lester. The man is 74 years old, you're gonna throw your life away for a --
47) 28) dialog: I got a family.
47) 31) dialog: Low, low blow my friend. He starts to leave the room, turns at the door.
47) 32) dialog: Any other time? That would've meant a lot. He goes. A beat.
50) 0) text: Charlie organizes the front desk. As far as he knows, it’ just another day. Until he eyes Cole and Dev exit the bac halls together and his antennae go up. Maybe it’s the conspiratorial way Cole sends Dev off on an errand. As Cole passes by, they trade nods: in the weeks since Charlie bowed out, a chilly distance has grown between th INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY Susan Braniff dresses in her massive walk-in closet with floor-to-ceiling shoe shelves as her husband sits atop th bed talking on his cell.
55) 0) text: Charlie tracks Mrs. B and Fitz out the elevator door and across the lobby as Cole appears.
55) 2) dialog: (on guard, resistant) Who’1l watch the desk?
55) 4) dialog: (fuck) Certainly. Dev comes around to man the front desk. Svichkar heads in the package room and Charlie follows him, reluctantly.
57) 0) text: Charlie joins Washington, Dolowitz, the maids and other s here. Cole signals them to enter quietly.
57) 1) dialog: Cole, what are you --
60) 0) text: A DELIVERY GUY from the neighborhood deli enters. He salu Charlie, back at his post --
63) 2) dialog: If that was Braniff’s, you sure they all obeyed your order about not spitting in it?
63) 4) dialog: Stop this. Now. So far the worst you've done is, what, drug the man?
63) 6) dialog: He can still just wake up, never know what happened. If you keep going with this... 75.
63) 8) dialog: Don’t make me choose. We see, on his desk, PICTURES of Charlie with a WIFE and KIDS. Also children’s DRAWINGS -- Fathers Day Cards. Cole sees what Charlie has to lose. He nods. Over both their walkies: SVICHKAR’S VOICE Mr. Howard, I have a Mr. Bissell here to see you. Cole starts out. Charlie shoots him a look -- don’t! Cole measures him, goes anyway.
65) 4) dialog: Oh, c'mon, you gotta be, you can’t expect anyone’ll believe this... 76.
65) 7) dialog: (too loudly) Are you forgetting that we need written consent from an owner before admitting any visitor into their unit? (Cole keeps moving) Isn’t that right, Mr. Simon?!
65) 11) dialog: This gentleman is here to see the Fitzhugh apartment. Unfortunately we have no written consent from them.
65) 25) dialog: I don’t know. (he slams the phone down; Cole was right; he can’t turn them in) Shit! MUSIC PUMPS UP as the heist kicks into higher gear and --
77) 9) dialog: What’s wrong with the phones? INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS “,..feel sad when you're sad, feel glad when you're glad. As Slide toils, Cole casts a glance to where Braniff snoo
78) 0) text: Where the Sentry finishes one magazine, moves onto the ne DING! Someone’s arriving via elevator. It’s Charlie. He’s elated/relieved to see the Sentry awake.
78) 1) dialog: Hey, how ya doin’?
78) 3) dialog: Oh, I just came up to see if everything’s alright up here.
78) 5) dialog: Well, the whole Kennedy thing was kind of a debac-- A stony stare from Cunningham.
78) 6) dialog: Nonono, you guys are great...just... wanted to know if you need anything--
79) 0) text: Charlie’s still working on Cunningham.
79) 1) dialog: Awful quiet in there. Maybe we should check.
79) 3) dialog: Right. INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS Cole, meanwhile, is succumbing to the reality that this w huge folly. He’s pissed at himself.
83) 0) text: Svichkar has overheard this, bewildered. He turns to Charlie, who senses the urgency in Cole’s voice.
86) 0) text: Charlie’s attending to a RESIDENT when a PASSERBY shouts the lobby and points upward.
86) 3) dialog: .--ah-no, ah-no-no-no... -- leaving Lester to peer up on his own, jaw-dropped.
87) 2) dialog: I must be out of my mind. Fitz, on the floor, can’t believe he’s alive. Cole and Slide peer down, mystified.
87) 5) dialog: Sir, you live in The Tower. It’s a full service building. And we're pulling this baby in. 99. MOMENTS LATER, FROM ABOVE: Charlie and Fitz both reach ou and grab the Austin-Healey, a two-man job if there ever w one. Cole signals Dev to lower it and -- -- the ex-banker and concierge guide the car onto the makeshift ramp until it’s safely rolled inside. The cables go slack and Charlie signals for them to stop. With Fitzhugh’s help, he disconnects the cables. IN THE PENTHOUSE: Slide signals Dev to raise the cables a Cole moves the window-washer platform in position. ON THE ROOF: Dev hits ‘Up’ but nothing happens. He tries again. Zilch. He shouts down:
90) 3) dialog: He saw us both.
93) 0) text: Elevator doors open and Dev gets in. He hits a button, th ‘Close Doors’ urgently. He counts to two-thousand in his head, then pulls the Emergency Break. Back on 66, Cole, Slide, Charlie and Fitzhugh push the Au over the rubble of the construction site to the elevator. Slide grabs a crowbar and pries its doors open. In the shaft, the roof of Dev’s elevator has stopped two feet beneath their floor level.
95) 4) dialog: And then?
99) 0) text: Charlie exits the freight elevator and nearly bulldozes CUSTODIANS on his way to the resident elevators.
99) 1) dialog: Sorry. Pardon. He spies the floor numbers increasing on Dev’s elevator.
99) 2) dialog: shit.
103) 0) text: Charlie enters, sees cops in the lobby, not sure if he’s being hunted, off-the-hook or what. He passes by Ms. Pere
103) 2) dialog: Miss Perez, can I trust you with something?
104) 0) text: Svichkar’s on duty at the desk, Washington’s standing in lobby attendant, and Lester’s shooing away lookieloos out front. Charlie taps Svichkar’s shoulder.
104) 1) dialog: Go on your break. I got it. Charlie tries to resume his work and not look guilty as h as cops and FBI agents scurry back and forth. He feels a presence creep up behind him.
104) 2) dialog: We’re both screwed, you know that. It’s Cole, out of his window-washer’s jumpsuit and back i his manager’s threads at last.
104) 6) dialog: Not from us. We’ll get the cell next door. Cole winces.
107) 0) text: Cole and Charlie bid Ms. Perez adieu. 113.
107) 3) dialog: What just happened in there?
108) 0) text: As we first saw it. City waking up. Workers hustling to g to their a.m. shifts. Among them now are Cole and Charlie, crossing town togeth in yesterday’s clothes, two old friends walking in silenc They round a corner and head toward --
110) 0) text: Cole and Charlie enter. Lester says nothing -- he drops a professionalism and hugs them. As they cross the lobby they are aware of a SLOW BUILDING APPLAUSE from the porters, janitors, Mr Svichkar -- every 114. They pass the elevators.