0) 0) text: (and QUEENS, and BROOKLYN, NEWARK, STATEN ISLAND, THE BRO HARLEM, and the disappearing corners of Manhattan that un overpasses, or too close to soup kitchens to have become gentrified). (TITLE SEQUENCE) We'll see A SERIES of SHOTS of the city waking up. Except that it’s two cities: One, the sparkle-y winner-take-all Manhattan of the movie “The Apprentice,” and Eva Gabor. Two, the get-real Manhattan where the regular people, who daily sweat makes Sparkle-y Manhattan go, begin their har working day. Over the beepings/shrillings/radio blarings of various AL we see QUICK CUTS of TENEMENT PIPES shuddering as rusty w spatters onto three squirming kids in a bathtub, being hastily bathed by their bi-racial mother.. to MULTIPLE je of a WaterWorks shower pummelling the backside of a SUPERMODEL... We see ARMS going into uniform sleeves, to ARMS going int Dolce & Gabanna chemise... Dr. Scholl’s pads going into sensible shoes... manicured toes going into thousand doll platforms with six inch heels. We see name tags pinned on front pockets.... bow ties clipped onto collars... to A ROLEX being fastened around man’s wrist... back to... AN OLD GUY (LESTER) sits at the kitchen table of his Lowe East Side one bedroom, which has seen no renovation since they put in hot water in the ‘30’s. He is painstakingly SEWING A BUTTON on the sleeve of his DOORMAN’S UNIFORM.
1) 7) text: LESTER, the old doorman, now in full uniform, smiles at C the Residence Manager, as he strides in, clearly in charg the place.
1) 9) dialog: Looking to be a fine day, Mr. Howard. FROM A HIGH ANGLE, LOOKING DOWN on Cole, and for the firs time we catch a glimpse of this building: sleek, modern, jewel of the block. ABOVE A STAFF ENTRANCE, a security camera peers down. ON PLASMA SECURITY MONITOR, DISPLAYING NUMEROUS ANGLES: Cole shoots a salute to the camera and -- BUZ2Z2Z2ZZZ! --
4) 0) text: The most elegant, most comfortable private lobby in NYC. three-story high ceiling with a glass wall filling the sp with light. A cherry-oak-paneled concierge’s counter topp with Egyptian marble. Designer divans and reading chairs galore and a zen fountain. Charlie points towards the front door, at LESTER, the doo we saw earlier. Well into his 70s, he knows no greater pleasure than doing his job well.
4) 1) text: What about him? A GAGGLE of KIDS swarm through the lobby, off to school. Cole knows all their names. Their favorite, however, is Lester: he’s a giant teddy bear to them.
4) 2) dialog: Who did their homework for today? Whatya mean no homework today?! Why not?! Oh, cause it’s the first day of school!! ... Lester opens the door for the kids. They rush out.
9) 0) text: ON A CHECK: “Alimony -- September.” Cole’s mailing his monthly dues as Charlie, in civvies now, raps on the door Exiting, Cole and Charlie pass the LOCKER ROOM. Cole lean in to kill the light, to find Lester still here, gazing i space.
9) 2) dialog: .+.-jJust gettin’ my shoes on... I'll be outta here in a jiff... Cole eyes Lester, knows the old man has something on his mind. 14.
9) 4) dialog: Naw, it’s a long day for you, Mr. Howard... Cole smiles.
9) 6) dialog: It’s just, ah... I uh, I asked Mr. Simon a few weeks ago to get me some funds from my 401 thing -- (quickly) --not playin’ the horses or anything, Mr. Howard -- my little grandkids out in California, their daddy got laid off, and they're feeling the pinch, you know--
9) 8) dialog: Well, they’re behind kinda every which way...
9) 10) dialog: (sighs) Yeah, if I don’t help...
9) 12) dialog: Well, that’s just it... Mr. Simon, he hasn’t given me the money.
9) 14) dialog: Six weeks ago.
9) 18) dialog: Banks get busy, like anybody.
10) 0) text: Cole, Charlie and Lester exit the building together, head to their various homes. Cole notices: the tinted window c is still sitting there. And -- across the street -- there
10) 5) dialog: -- the littlest one tells me the other day on the phone: “Grandpa, what’s invisible and smells like worms?” “Bird farts,” he says. The way he laughed at his own joke I just about died.
10) 7) dialog: Nah. I can help ‘em out more from here, and no use pretending I don’t love the job...
10) 9) dialog: Night, Mr. Howard. Mr. Gibbs.
23) 9) dialog: Wouldn’t want to leave you short- handed, Mr. Howard. Slowly they all dissemble, go back to their posts. Cole watches them go, knowing he’s just been witness to a major act of bravery, of loyalty. He has never been so touched in his life.
26) 7) dialog: Is at his post, but he looks weak, grey, stunned. As he greets residents, his voice is wobbly. Cole crosses, puts his hand on Lester’s arm. Gently:
26) 9) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Howard.
27) 0) text: Lester, still looking weak and grey, painstakingly counts the change for a cup of coffee. When the vendor hands it him, Lester’s hands are shaking so badly that he can bare lift it. INT. ARTHUR BRANIFF’S APARTMENT - (CONTINUATION OF PREVIO
32) 0) text: We HOLD ON LESTER’S ANTIQUATED ANSWERING MACHINE, which clicks on. COLE’S VOICE Hey, Lester. This is, “Mr. Howard,” I... I’m thinking about you tonight and I’m in your neighborhood and thought maybe we could grab a quick dinner or something... you there? 41.
33) 0) text: Cole is, in fact, still in midtown, heading downtown, in brutal traffic, but concerned enough about Lester to tell that white lie. He is on his cell phone.
35) 6) dialog: Don’t wanna put you to any more bother.
35) 8) dialog: I lost all my money. Everything I saved, everything I set aside.
35) 10) dialog: Nah, nah... but it was doing so good I gave my savings to Mr. Braniff too.
35) 12) dialog: ‘Bout a month ago.
35) 15) dialog: Don’t worry, Mr. Howard. I’m not gonna try anything dumb again. Don’t want to let you down. Cole can’t believe the man’s loyalty. He swallows his bil and goes.
47) 4) dialog: Mr. Howard, I don’t know how to... 60.
47) 6) dialog: (as they shake) Thank you... Cole. Lester gets in; the cab goes. Cole looks up. Sprinkled around the block, waiting, are Charlie, Slide, Dev’reaux Fitzhugh. Cole gives the signal: coast’s clear, c’mon in. INT. COLE’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT Our five guys sit around a fold-out card table. Cole has just laid out, with Slide’s help, “the plan.” The others stunned into silence by the audacity of it. After a spell Charlie leans forward and speaks. Very, very slowly.
49) 0) text: Lester is back on the job. He monitors the crazed crowds through the front window as Fitzhugh comes up beside him. 65.
49) 1) dialog: Who is St. Patrick, anyway?
62) 2) dialog: May I help you, sir?
86) 2) dialog: Mr. Gibbs, what'd he mean? They both push out onto the sidewalk til they come into v of the Austin-Healey high above, inching closer to the Hancock’s floor. Charlie rushes inside --
89) 0) text: Lester continues peering up. It’s begun to dawn on him ju who might be risking life and limb up there. And possibly even why. He spies the cops rounding the corner, heading way, and he wanders back inside -- -- locking the front door behind him. INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS Braniff’s eyes open. He squints around the room: how the hell did I get on the floor? He moans, then struggles to up. And feels something odd: a breeze.
92) 0) text: A CABAL OF POLICEMEN are pounding on the door and yelling Inside, Lester appears, playing up his old age; he puts a hand to ear -- whatyawant? -- then starts fumbling in his pockets, stalling for time: where did I put that key now. 102.
94) 0) text: Lester finally gets the door open. The Cops rush in.
94) 1) dialog: Slow down, slow down: gosh, what’s all this fuss about?
104) 0) text: Svichkar’s on duty at the desk, Washington’s standing in lobby attendant, and Lester’s shooing away lookieloos out front. Charlie taps Svichkar’s shoulder.
104) 4) dialog: You can open the door yourself, Mr. Braniff. Exit Arthur Braniff.
110) 0) text: Cole and Charlie enter. Lester says nothing -- he drops a professionalism and hugs them. As they cross the lobby they are aware of a SLOW BUILDING APPLAUSE from the porters, janitors, Mr Svichkar -- every 114. They pass the elevators.