12) 1) dialog: Hey, here’s my present, Mr. H. SLIDE is a sharp-looking black man, about Cole’s age, a little too flashily dressed for a modest birthday party. However, he seems very comfortable with these people. He hands Walt an iPhone, out of a satchel in which Cole can - there are about 20 of them, all in their original boxes Walt is very fond of Slide, but is immediately suspicious
12) 3) dialog: Ah, now, we’re not gonna start that--!
12) 5) dialog: Shit, nobody call me that now--
12) 9) dialog: Hey.
12) 11) dialog: Nah. Got a soft spot for your old Dad.
12) 13) dialog: There’s that. Slide’s clearly wasn’t.
12) 19) dialog: You don’t gotta wait. I just did mine, and... last time the city came around, I just... made a contribution.
12) 21) dialog: Their well being.
12) 23) dialog: Oh, sorry, sorry, no disrepect.
12) 25) dialog: You feel protected by the police?
12) 28) dialog: Educated by the schools? (to Cole) (MORE )
12) 30) dialog: I notice you in hock up to you ass to pay for that fancy-ass college -- tax dollars weren’t there to help you then. You still paying that off? We see on Cole’s face: he is.
12) 32) dialog: No, you right, you right. You got a good job. Slide means it. He respects Cole.
12) 33) dialog: Yeah. I know. There’s days I envy that job of yours. His PHONE starts to ring. And ring. Cole looks down. The control line flashes THE TOWERS.
12) 34) dialog: This ain’t one of ‘em. ‘C’mon, let’s get a beer... Cole is torn. He wants to go with Slide, needs to answer.
12) 35) dialog: You got to get that?
43) 0) text: The factory MANAGER, a diminutive Chinese man, plays look at the door. A PAIR OF HANDS massages an office safe’s di To the right: click-click-click. To the left: clack-clack clack. Then: click-clack-click. The hands belong to SLIDE LINDUS. Cole’s childhood friend
43) 1) dialog: Open says me. The safe complies. The Manager pushes Slide aside to get inside the safe but first Slide plucks up a band of cash within. The Manager protests in Cantonese but...
43) 2) dialog: Ah-ah-ah-ah. Don’t even think about paying me in merchandise. You ain’t got nothing my size. 58.
44) 0) text: Slide rides down surrounded by Chinese seamstresses, a go foot-and-a-half taller than the bunch. He smiles at them.
44) 1) dialog: Any you ladies a masseuse? (his cell RINGS; he reacts to the ID and picks up) Old King Cole, you merry old soul, why are you admitting you know me?
45) 0) text: Slide enters the restaurant, approaches Cole in a booth n a window.
46) 0) text: FROM A DISTANCE AWAY: Cole and Slide bestride the sidewal Cole doing the talking, Slide the listening. Then, about halfway down the block, Slide stops in his tracks and sta at Cole. We can’t hear what he says but we can imagine. C smiles and insists: no, he’s not fucking with him. A BLOCK AWAY AND WE’RE HIGH ABOVE THE STREET NOW as Cole Slide round a corner. Cole points up and Slide looks.
46) 5) dialog: --Dumb-ass bets-- Dev’reaux really doesn’t get it. Stares at Cole. DEV’ REAUX How come you not firing me?
47) 18) dialog: Your jobs are compartmentalized. In fact, technically you wouldn't be doing anything illegal.
47) 33) dialog: You want me to kill him?
47) 45) dialog: Here’s what we do. -- plucks it up, tears it in two and crams it in an empty trash can. He sets his Zippo to it. Dev and Fitz gather around to warm their hands.
47) 46) dialog: We lucky enough to get in and outta that penthouse with his shit, gettin’ it out of the building's the fun part! The men stare at him. What?! Fun? Slide turns to Cole.
47) 47) dialog: (to Cole) When you thinking we do this? Cole joins the fire, his confidence shaken just a tad.
62) 3) dialog: (a mid-Atlantic accent) Yes, I’m here to see an apartment. INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY The Delivery Guy places sandwiches on Braniff’s dining ta And the TWO SLICES OF CAKE.
65) 0) text: Slide, in costume, speaks to Svichkar at the front desk.
65) 1) dialog: -- I spoke to Mr. Fitzhugh himself and he assured me it was fine.
65) 13) dialog: Perhaps I can shed some light, Mister...?
65) 15) dialog: Morris Bissell, Liberty Mutual. My bank handles the Fitzhugh mortgage.
65) 18) dialog: Recently we were forced to foreclose on the Fitzhughs, sadly. We allowed them a thirty-day grace period to move but technically the bank is now tenant of record so...
65) 20) dialog: Morris Bissell. He withdraws a business card, hands it to Simon. It reads “Morris Bissell, Liberty Mutual.” Simon turns to Cole:
65) 23) dialog: Some dude’s wallet I... found. Your buddy gonna be cool? Cole shoots Charlie a look as he boards the elevator and Slide sets a finger to his lips just as its doors close. Charlie, incensed, grabs the phone at the front desk. He starts to dial, then hesitates.
66) 3) dialog: You ever done this before?
68) 0) text: Cole hangs up, dials a new number. Meanwhile, Slide tests the platform cables’ strength. To Dev: 79.
68) 1) dialog: How much weight can this baby bear? Dev has only his elevator operator experience to guide hi
69) 2) dialog: We got two hours. Tops. As good a final thought as any. Over the side they go. A WIDE VIEW of the Tower, Central Park beyond it, the par on the street below and on top our two faux window-washer climbing out onto a two-foot wide, ten-foot long apparatu Dev hands Slide his banker’s briefcase as he gives Cole a quick tutorial.
69) 4) dialog: You got my back. Nice to know. Cole lowers them from view.
71) 0) text: ABOARD THE PLATFORM WITH COLE AND SLIDE, more than anythi else it’s claustrophobic up here: there’s no place to go, barely any place to step. Both Cole and Slide can’t help looking at the drop as they descend.
71) 1) dialog: Aren’t we not supposed to look down?
71) 3) dialog: You the criminal!!
71) 5) dialog: You just “frisky.” FROM WITHIN THE PENTHOUSE: The window-washer apparatus lo into view. Still no sign of Braniff inside. Cole stops their descent when they’re flush with the apartment. OUTSIDE: Slide opens up his briefcase. Inside is the very latest in fiberglass-cutting technology: a suction-clamp an extendable arm attached to a blade. 81. Slide affixes it to the window and prepares to cut. He lo to Cole, who dials Braniff’s cell again. INSIDE: Braniff’s cell RINGS. Unanswered. OUTSIDE: Cole nods to Slide: do it. Slide begins to cut. INSIDE: While it’s not exactly noisy, the bladework’s lou enough to draw attention from anyone inside the apartment ON THE ROOF, Dev watches from above. Over his walkie: WASHINGTON’S VOICE Mr. Dev’reaux, what’s your twenty? DEV’ REAUX I’m, um, in the building -- why? WASHINGTON’S VOICE Mr. Svichkar’s taking his break, need you to come cover for him.
71) 7) dialog: Now this I’ve done. A pro at this, Slide lifts one leg out of the apparatus, straddling its rail, then dips his foot inside the four-f hole. When his foot’s flat on the floor, he pulls himself over and inside the apartment, ducking his head as he goe Now it’s Cole’s turn. Not a pro. He tries to mimic Slide’ method but once he’s got a foot inside the penthouse -- -- a sharp wind picks up and banks off the edifice, pushi the apparatus out. Just as Cole begins to flounder, Slide reaches out and grabs him and pulls him in. They’ve breached the penthouse. INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS The two men stand absolutely still, panting, listening. T to verify if Braniff’s actually asleep. 82. First things first, though. Cole tip-toes to the front do leading to the elevator anteroom and -- ever so slowly -- bolts it. ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR: Agent Cunningham, wrapped in a magazine, doesn’t hear a thing. BACK IN THE PENTHOUSE: Cole signals Slide: you check that way, I'll go this way. Slide, who’s never stepped foot inside such a decadent living space (much less b&e’d one) takes it all in. He pretends to be blase:
71) 8) dialog: North facing windows. You call that natural light? For 50 million, you should get two exposures at least!
73) 2) dialog: This the mofo? Cole appears to confirm it is. MOMENTS LATER, PULLING BACK FROM THE WALL as Cole and Sli move furniture and lamps away from it. Slide starts tapping along its surface, strikes something unforgiving and follows its perimeter. Then, withdrawing chisel, he prepares to drive it into the surface but -- -- Cole stops him first. Concerned the noise might alert Sentry outside. He looks about, finds a universal remote coffee table and punches in a selection. The voice of Barry Manilow suddenly fills the penthouse. “,..oh Mandy, well you came and you gave without taking.. Slide scowls at him. Cole gestures: not my playlist. Slid resumes his work, burying the chisel into the drywall. IN THE ANTEROOM: Agent Cunningham shakes his head at Braniff’s choice in music, flips the page on his magazine “,..but I sent you away, oh Mandy...”
75) 12) dialog: Cemented in. Hand me the case. Cole grabs the case and Slide removes the tools of his tr
77) 11) dialog: Six hours. Five minutes. Somewhere between the two. Wanna wake him up and ask him the combination? (re: the music and Braniff) ‘f you keep this shit on, I fall more asleep than him. Cole finds the remote, kills the Manilow. He checks his watch, edgy, unsure what to do with himself. He peers out the hole in the window to see the parade below when HIS C PHONE RINGS.
77) 12) dialog: Don’t answer!
77) 22) dialog: Damn! He’s fumbled a combination. He tries again.
77) 36) dialog: Fuck me! This motherfucker’s Fort Knox!!! 89. Cole cringes and scuttles to the far end of the room, wav at Slide to shut up.
77) 45) dialog: Now this is a disappointment. Cole stares in disbelief. He steps forward to feel inside the safe, for a trap door, anything. All he finds is a CD ROM lying on its floor.
77) 46) dialog: Well, we got us some Barry.
78) 9) dialog: --has twenty million dollars hidden in it? Shrunk down by some ol’ “miniaturization” machine!
78) 11) dialog: (annoyed) It’s probly some DVD of some four- way with some other old, ugly-ass couple?
78) 13) dialog: Rich folks like to keep shit like that in their safe. You know, “savor the moment,” for later.
79) 5) dialog: Well, we gotta cut some losses. They’s some pretty fine reds in there--
79) 7) dialog: Oh, hey, then, what are you? A special thief?
79) 10) dialog: A “frisky” thief?
79) 12) dialog: Is you or ain’t you a thief?!
79) 14) dialog: A thief is a motherfuckin thief! So get your tidy whitey ass in gear, and take a good look around this place for something we can cash in for our valuable time--! 93. Slide stops cold. Cole follows his gaze. LOOKING THROUGH 1958 AUSTIN-HEALEY'S WINDSHIELD as our guys move into vie Slide taking it in like he’s discovering lost treasure. Which he might just be.
79) 15) dialog: Why’s he keep this up here?
79) 17) dialog: (surveying) Nah. This is not a male enhancement vehicle. This is a showtune-singing little pussy car, if you ask m-- He stops, struck by something.
79) 19) dialog: Pull up your flashlight app. MOMENTS LATER, AT FLOOR LEVEL: The Austin-Healey’s body l up and Slide wiggles underneath it. On his back, light be blazing cell phone between his teeth. He looks up and dow the chassis, then draws up a pen knife and scratches at i metal. He blinks as black flakes fall into his eyes. Meanwhile, Cole grips the rear bumper, straining to keep two-seater lifted for Slide.
79) 21) dialog: Robin. Your men gonna be merry.
80) 0) text: Fitz has joined Dev and they sit here, nothing to do but wait, when they hear the platform motor rev up. They rise see Cole and Slide ascend into view, empty-handed.
80) 4) dialog: No time. Whole chassis’s made of gold. Braniff’ll wake up soon.
84) 0) text: Cole and Slide look out the windowless panel, at the side full of people far below.
84) 2) dialog: Oh, ‘cause it was so easy before! DEV’ REAUX’S VOICE (breathless) Mr. Howard, I’m in position. Cole grabs hold of a beam and leans out the window to loo up. Above him, Dev leans over the edge. Cole signals him: take it up. UP ABOVE: Dev hits the ‘up’ button on the manual override muttering to himself in fear.
87) 0) text: Cole and Slide monitor the car’s descent. Fitzhugh signal them: stop, and Cole signals Dev above: stop. ABOVE: Dev stops the cables. BELOW: Fitzhugh’s too cautious to just reach out and grab Austin’s grill. First, he finds some rope and ties it aro a cement mixer, then clinging to it with one hand reaches with the other -- -- and leaning half out the windowless panel he tries onc twice, three times to grasp it. Cole watches, concerned. Fitzhugh gives a little slack to his safety rope and lean out again. At last he manages to grasp the grille --
87) 3) dialog: Where'd he go? Then Charlie appears in the frame below, glowering up at Cole. Cole can’t help but gratefully smile back. Then, Charlie does something surprising -- -- he waves for the car to be lowered even more. Cole obe the order, gestures to Dev above to continue lowering. Wh Charlie signals to stop, Cole repeats it. Inside, Fitzhugh gasps for air.
87) 8) dialog: How do you see it?
87) 10) dialog: Or--? MOMENTS LATER, they step out onto the edge of the penthou windowless panel, cables wrapped around their waists, and -- begin rappelling down the side of the building, gloved hand over gloved hand. Cole looks down, sees Charlie and Fitzhugh waiting below, the sidewalk sixty-six stories beneath them. Jee-zus. ON SIXTY-SIX: Dev arrives beside Charlie and Fitzhugh. Th all watch Cole and Slide descend. 100.
90) 2) dialog: Shit!
93) 0) text: Elevator doors open and Dev gets in. He hits a button, th ‘Close Doors’ urgently. He counts to two-thousand in his head, then pulls the Emergency Break. Back on 66, Cole, Slide, Charlie and Fitzhugh push the Au over the rubble of the construction site to the elevator. Slide grabs a crowbar and pries its doors open. In the shaft, the roof of Dev’s elevator has stopped two feet beneath their floor level.
97) 2) dialog: Can’t he override it?
100) 2) dialog: Think there’1l be enough room? It’s a good question. He, Cole and Fitz can always duck. That’s not true of the Austin-Healey between them. They all prepare to crouch as the elevator slows. It’s go to be tight. They brace for impact, and -- -- the rear bumper of the Healey crunches up against the ceiling just as the elevator stops -- 105. -- causing, INSIDE THE ELEVATOR, its roof to flex downwar It goes unnoticed by anyone but Dev, who inches into a co of the elevator in case the Healey comes crashing through
102) 0) text: A quiet hallway. Then: elevator doors are pried open and two-seater sportscar is lowered onto it carpeting. Slide, Fitzhugh and Cole push the car clear from the elevator sh
110) 5) dialog: Looks like you got it from here. See you at Trump Towers?