8) 8) text: a ANNE MARIE with ner brother SAMMY at herside. They bold champagne glasses. SAMMY is 25, 3 tall, gangly, bitcay man with a moustache. He smiles vith an imapprooriate affectation. ANNE MARIE is 18. She has a passive quality that hides her anger.
8) 11) dialog: Julia! Lillian! Are we all crossing? I don’t’ believe it!
8) 14) dialog: And the Doliy Sisters with 97 pieces of luggage.
8) 18) dialog: My God, I have people to see. Julia, we'll see each other later. We'll hava fun. You're looking slim, Lillian. ANNE MARIE throws LILLIAN a “iss.
26) 21) dialog: moving to LILLIAN, giving her a hug.
26) 22) dialog: Lillian, it was beautiful. You're going to be famous. This is my husband, I made him come down to see it. She tries to introduce a MAN to LILLIAN, but they are separated “by other people as LILLIAN moves deeper into the restaurant. She looks Q0.8., reacts with enormous srelief. HER P.O.V. Her table featuring DOTTIE and ALAN (good friends) - waiting to greet her. 151
27) 0) text: Tt is later. LILLIAN at her table. Peopte moving in and out to congratulate her, staying a moment or two, then moving off. But ANNE MARIE has invaded LiLLIAy and is kneeling at her gide and is carrying on a conversation, despite interruptions by LILLLAN's well- wishars. Revised 25.8.76- 33 151 Continued 151
27) 1) dialog: I knew Picasso was on the boat. And I was sure he was the figure I saw going to the deck. And there in the moonlight who do you think I was facing at the rail?
27) 3) dialog: Mitzi Dinsmore, can you imagine? And I thought she was Picasso. She's built like that. Can you believe it? In the dark it was difficult to tell if she was a woman. You know the type. (a heat) By the way, I tried to see Julia in Vienna, but she wouldn't see ne, can you imagine? I hear she's leading a strange life, pretending mot to be rich. She's doing some- . thing called Anti-Fascist work, and not only is she in great danger, Sut she throws her money away on whatever she's doing. Imagine, deciding to live like a pauper in some rundown part of the city. What do you think? I think it's imsane. Do you ever hear from her?
27) 5) dialog: Didn't she drop out of medical school?
27) 7) dialog: Sammy tried to kill hinseli again. I wish he would stop doing that. 15 153 Revised 25.8. 76 54 Continued
29) 14) dialog: 
29) 17) dialog: Did you know about the McPhee boy ... the little one? He was killed in Spain. Imagine having your brother die a Communist. Actually, I can't stand up for any of them. I'm sorry he lost his life, but I wonder why they rush over there. LILLIAN looks at ner watca.
29) 18) dialog: (contiauing) Nell, I'm glad you had time to see me, Cillian, you look so very slin.
29) 20) dialog: (her finger comes to ber tooth) I'm sorry your second play failed.
29) 22) dialog: But you know I loved your first play.
29) 24) dialog: ..- And now you've been invited to Moscow ... What is it, some sort of political thing?
29) 26) dialog: But still! Imagine! Russia! My God! Of all places! . cut TO 1é3 «INT. TENT - NIGHT dec HAMMETT and LILLIAN together in a sleeping bag. LILLIAN stares at the stars through an opening in the tent.