8) 8) text: a ANNE MARIE with ner brother SAMMY at herside. They bold champagne glasses. SAMMY is 25, 3 tall, gangly, bitcay man with a moustache. He smiles vith an imapprooriate affectation. ANNE MARIE is 18. She has a passive quality that hides her anger.
8) 13) dialog: (hangs on them) Hello, my beauties. Control yourselves, Jack Dempsey's on board. He looks to see who else is.
8) 19) dialog: It's true, Lillian, yeu look very svelte ... 39 Continued ANNE MARIE and SAMMY move off.
50) 4) text: A Harlem speakeasy. SAMMY with a great number of drirks “in bim. LILLIAN sitting politely across from kim. She is sloshed. Ee sits sprawled,his arms fly about as he speaxs Jazz combo in b.g.!
50) 5) dialog: I was with Anne Marie in Vienna. I was really in Elba mest of the time, I'm doing a book on Napoleon. I trted to kill mysel? in Elba. ‘
50) 7) dialog: (leaning in) What about marriage?
50) 9) dialog: Stiil a virgin? Why don't zou marry ny brother Eliot?
50) 13) dialog: “ In Vienna. She's turned into a wild socialist, giving away all her money.
50) 15) dialog: (takes her band) Aw, come on, Lillian, Anne Marie doesn't hold ill thoughts. You understand about relationshios, why Anne Marie and I were a battleground all our lives and here's something you don’t know: On my graduation day my little sister cried like an infant. She took my arm and kissed me and gave me a tender touch and within aiautes, within minutes, Lillian... it was dose. What I wanted to do for years. She had the same ideas I had. All tucked up inside ber someplace. And to this day, of all the gizis I ever had, my sister was the best. She was thrilling, Lillian. And did I ever suspect what she had in mind? Not for a minute. . (smiles) fon't look at me like that, she was sixteen. She's very complicated. Come on now you're so siick, so unruffled. You have no right +6 put up your sose. Your life’s no clesed@™ took. No one is scott free, you know. After all, the whole world «news about you and Julia. Revised 29.7.76 118 297 Continued
50) 17) dialog: Qbbh ...
50) 19) dialog: Ohbhhh, don't be that-way. (smells the centre- piece rose) ¢ I'm a sophisticated man. If anybody understands the sex urge of the adolescent girl it's me. Do you know that in Paris the women are wearing watches around their legs. Little garters with timepieces in them. 297 298 300 301 Continued ae As he Speaks, LILLIAN stands up, leans across the table and with lightning speed slaps his face,his chair falls aver and she pushes the table over on top of hin. INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - ANGLE ON LILLIAN - MCRNING ae asleep in her berth. The train is pulling into a station. A knock on the door. She sits up. Looks past the draw: shade. It is morning. The knock agaiz on her compastzes: door. She gets out of the berth. Cpens the door, looks out. The YOUNG MAN who was in compartment 13 and sat at her table is there.