0) 0) text: A cashier hands a boy, 13, his change across a counter. T boy stuffs the coins in his pocket. He lifts the cardboar tray with two hot dogs, a bag of chips, and two Cokes. Th is Claude. We follow him: He carefully carries the meal down the ais balances it in one hand as he opens the door. The train noise blares as he traverses the area between c He enters the new car repeating the balancing act. He wai while a man shoves his back-pack onto the metal rack abov the seats. Claude hurries a bit more now, his concentrati alternating between the food and the path. He sits next to a brunette woman.   He hands her a hot do
8) 0) text: Malcolm, Pauline, Margot, Claude and Ingrid sit with a homosexual couple, Alan, 40's, and Toby, 30's, and their Bruce, 8, at an old wooden table eating crab, salad and s Part of Alan's face is paralyzed.
8) 2) dialog: They say a brush of wind can do it.
8) 16) text: But, that's how autism works. One part of the brain can work fine while the other is damaged. ALAN
25) 0) text: Margot's fist is raised about to knock on the front door. She stops herself. She puts the note on the Welcome mat a holds it in place with the child's shoe. She wanders arou to the back of the house. She looks into a lighted window It's a white tiled bathroom. A wet brown animal body covered in clear plastic is balan on the sink. Mr. Vogler tears into the plastic. The carca is butterflied open exposing the innards and ribs. Mrs. Vogler runs the tub. She pours salt from a box in th water. The man slides his hand in her waist-band. She rub against him. Margot chews her cuticle. The man saws the legs. His arm jerks back and forth, straining to cut through the bone. Sweat pours down his temples. Margot raises her hand to her face and presses against th window. She peers through her fingers. The blade pierces the bone with a violent release and the hoof falls to the floor. Margot moves to another window.   The pig's face now look her. Blood drips and leaks into the crevices of the tile. The woman brandishes a syringe filled with an orange liquid. Suddenly a face appears in the glass. Margot leaps back. It's a thin boy. He says something. The family turns to t window. The father flicks off the bathroom light. From inside Margot illuminates like an apparition. Margot scampers into the trees.   She pushes through bran her shirt tears. She runs.