3) 19) text: Holy Jesus! Watch it, dicksack! Ingrid giggles.    Margot clutches the handle above the d
18) 11) text: Is that Dick Koosman? PAULINE
20) 2) text: Dick and his daughter asked us over to swim tomorrow. PAULINE
20) 6) text: He's doing the interview with me in town on Friday. Did I tell you, he and I are collaborating on a screenplay, an adaptation of one of Dick's novels. PAULINE
20) 10) text: It's true. I don't subscribe to the credo that there's enough room for everyone to be successful. I think there are only a few spots available and people like Dick Koosman and Bono are taking them up. Pauline looks at Malcolm's drawing.    It's a graphic ima a man fucking a woman in the ass.
21) 0) text: The car pulls into a driveway.    A modern house.   Dick Maisy come out to greet them.
21) 1) dialog: You found it! Margot, the kids and Pauline get out. We stay in the car with Malcolm. Pauline comes to his window.
22) 4) dialog: How's your dad?
22) 6) dialog: He and I shared a thesis advisor at Stanford. Did you know that?
22) 14) text: It was close. Pauline floats on her back, exhausted. Ingrid swims beneath Claude -- long strands of hair strea from beneath the surface. Margot gets out of the water and Dick wraps her in a towe For a moment it's an embrace. Margot looks quickly over a Claude -- His foot slips. He topples in. Water roars around him. He opens his mouth.   Bubbles spurt out. He drifts down. Lying next to the drain is a field mouse.       Its eyes white. Splash.   Hands wrap around him. He goes up.
28) 0) text: Claude's POV through the window: Dick and Margot in the b seat of the Volvo. Malcolm and Pauline the front. The ignition turns. Claude leaves the window. We hear the car rumble away. Claude and Ingrid sit on the couch, hamburgers in front o them. Maisy is cross-legged on Wizard's dog bed and chews stalk of celery.
30) 0) text: Malcolm drives quickly with Pauline next to him. He's smoking with the window open, Dick and Margot in the backseat.
30) 10) text: What? DICK
30) 12) text: No, you got dinner, the driving's on me. DICK
30) 16) text: (to Dick) My license elapsed.   But I know how. MALCOLM
30) 17) text: It's probably for the best. I have this theory, I think, historically, women have been held back in so many ways that when they get power, like they do behind the wheel, they can't help but abuse it. It's akin to Hannah Arendt's Eichmann theory about prison guards and prisoners switching rolls. DICK
30) 28) text: Malcolm! Dick grabs the lit butt and chucks it in the road. MALCOLM
30) 40) dialog: Come back with me tonight.
30) 42) dialog: Come on, I've been trying to get you up here all year.
30) 44) text: She's pregnant. Dick leans over to Margot's neck.    He licks her.
36) 19) text: Besides the thing with Dick?
42) 2) text: How can I be all these people? How can I be married to Jim. And fuck Dick. And want them both and then neither of them...
46) 10) dialog: Is Jim still writing?
46) 13) dialog: I'd love to see him tell a linear story for a change. Jim never wanted to make it easy for the reader, did he. The nicest man I've ever met, but he can't play the game.
46) 15) dialog: I didn't ask you to do that. (pause)
46) 19) dialog: I'm very interested in your story "Middle Children." Some people applaud, but it trickles off before it gets started.
46) 20) dialog: The father is a loathsome character yet we also feel a strange sympathy for him.
46) 22) dialog: There's this sexualized push-pull with Daphne which I find --
46) 24) dialog: You make his only recourse to abandon his family, including his beloved daughter.
46) 26) dialog: I write historical fiction so I don't have to answer to this, but I wonder for someone who writes so nakedly about family, how autobiographical is this portrait? Margot rests her lips on the tip of the microphone.
46) 28) text: My father was a loving person. He had his days, of course, but...he was devoted to us as children. I wouldn't have written this portrait were it true. Pauline nods slightly. DICK
47) 0) text: Margot grabs a pill from her pocket, puts it on her tongu and drinks from the faucet. There is a knocking. Margot opens the door. Claude looks up at her. Pauline and Dick wait in the background.
50) 7) text: I think it's over between Dick and Margot. He was so cruel to her today. And poor Claude had to watch it all. She should just get out of the marriage and then she can fuck whoever she wants, you know. It's cowardly. And Dick Koosman. What a choice. I mean...you know? MALCOLM
50) 8) text: I agree. I hate the idea of Dick fucking Margot. PAULINE
52) 0) text: The deafening shriek of the blade as it cuts into the tre Malcolm is soaked in sweat. Ingrid watches from a few fee away. In the distance -- Dick's orange BMW grinds into the driveway. Maisy hurries toward him. Ingrid says, buried in the noise:
52) 4) text: Almost. Maisy is talking to her father. Dick spots Malcolm. He immediately starts toward him. Malcolm hesitates. Cold fe creeps up his neck. Dick speeds up. Malcolm backs up slowly -- drops the chainsaw -- and bolt toward the water. Ingrid watches, confused.
52) 6) text: I didn't do anything!    I didn't do anything! DICK
52) 7) text: Fucking sleazebag! Dick gets up.   He kicks Malcolm hard. DICK
52) 9) text: Fuck off, dickhead. Dick marches forward and kicks Malcolm again hard. MALCOLM
52) 10) text: Ow! Dick lights a brown cigarette and walks away.    Malcolm screams: MALCOLM
52) 11) text: Fucking dickbag! She's lying! He touches his face and sees the blood on his fingers. MALCOLM
61) 37) text: I don't know. I'll see. Maybe Dick can drive me to the... (pause) Jesus, I lost the word for a second. The train. CLAUDE
61) 49) text: Don't see Dick. MARGOT