3) 0) text: Malcolm drives. He smokes with the window open. Margot is in the passenger seat. In the back, Claude and the girl, Ingrid, sit shyly, their hair blows turbulently in the wi Ingrid, 11, wears shorts, sandals, and a batik shirt with panda on it.
3) 4) dialog: (embarrassed)
3) 8) text: I got Knicks colors. INGRID
3) 10) text: It's beautiful, Ingrid. INGRID
3) 11) text: (to Claude) I made this one for myself. She shows him the purple and green one around her wrist. INGRID
3) 19) text: Holy Jesus! Watch it, dicksack! Ingrid giggles.    Margot clutches the handle above the d
4) 4) dialog: It's the Voglers.
4) 8) dialog: They think it's sick and rotting their property.
5) 0) text: Claude sits on the squeaky bed, a yellow bracelet on his wrist. An old flip-clock hums on the night-table. A door opens onto a bathroom which has another door open onto another bedroom. Ingrid sits on her bed observing Claude. She holds a realistic-looking stuffed rooster in an old-style tuxedo.
5) 1) dialog: This is my room.
5) 3) dialog: Do you like showers or baths?
5) 6) dialog: I don't care.
6) 15) text: I don't know where to begin. What can I tell you? It seems I'm pregnant, but it's really early so... I haven't told anyone. I mean, I haven't told Malcolm or Ingrid.
7) 0) text: Malcolm strums his guitar and smokes. Pauline sits at his feet with Ingrid and Claude. The kids look at a record sleeve. Margot is curled up on the sofa writing in a litt brown notebook. She wears oval tortoise-shell glasses.
8) 0) text: Malcolm, Pauline, Margot, Claude and Ingrid sit with a homosexual couple, Alan, 40's, and Toby, 30's, and their Bruce, 8, at an old wooden table eating crab, salad and s Part of Alan's face is paralyzed.
8) 9) text: Ingrid, why don't you show Claude and Bruce the game trunk. INGRID
8) 10) text: Okay. Claude reluctantly follows Ingrid and Bruce.      He look longingly at the table of adults. MALCOLM
14) 0) text: A croquet game in progress. Pauline and Malcolm play Marg and Claude. Ingrid lies in the grass singing to herself. The dog next to her. Malcolm concentrates -- he carefully lines up his shot. Finally, he swings -- The ball misses the wicket.    He shakes with frustration
15) 12) dialog: Do it now, Margot!
17) 0) text: Pauline and Margot hike along a dirt trail. Claude and Ingrid idle behind, carrying walking sticks.
17) 22) text: (dismissive) I don't think that's it. I just think it was something we were good at. Behind, Ingrid smacks her walking stick into Claude's. INGRID
17) 24) text: No, she said she had Aspergers. INGRID
17) 26) text: No, it's like lesser retarded. INGRID
17) 28) text: You mean child ADD. INGRID
17) 29) text: No, for some reason I have the adult one. Maybe I'm retarded. Up ahead -- in the path -- is a couple, 40's, with a six old girl. The back of the man's pants are smeared with di and the woman is packed into acid washed jeans. The littl girl whines and lags behind. Margot and Pauline slow down.   Claude and Ingrid catch u MAN
17) 48) dialog: That was the Voglers.
17) 57) dialog: What are they going to do to us?
18) 4) text: I don't...we'll do it in the fucking drive-way if we have to. Claude and Ingrid listen from just inside the house.   In looks at Claude nervously. INGRID
18) 6) text: Has that happened before? INGRID
18) 10) text: Come on, nobody blames you, Margot. An old orange BMW idles at the end of the driveway. Pauli Malcolm, Claude and Ingrid watch Margot cross the drive-w A man, 50's, opens the passenger door. He smokes a brown cigarette. Margot gets in. The man waves at the group on the patio. Pauline, Malcolm and Ingrid and Claude wave ba CLAUDE
19) 0) text: Ingrid sits at the roots of the tree, squeezing honey out a honey bear onto her hand -- she watches the ants come. Claude sits on a low branch and looks over the fence:
19) 1) dialog: How much do your parents make in a year?
19) 3) dialog: Are they rich?
19) 6) dialog: Upper or lower?
20) 0) text: Margot and Malcolm have cocktails. Pauline drinks a bottl water. Ingrid has cray pas, markers and paper and draws a table. She draws a mole.
20) 7) text: No, I didn't even know you knew he was up here. Malcolm takes one of Ingrid's markers and doodles. MALCOLM
22) 14) text: It was close. Pauline floats on her back, exhausted. Ingrid swims beneath Claude -- long strands of hair strea from beneath the surface. Margot gets out of the water and Dick wraps her in a towe For a moment it's an embrace. Margot looks quickly over a Claude -- His foot slips. He topples in. Water roars around him. He opens his mouth.   Bubbles spurt out. He drifts down. Lying next to the drain is a field mouse.       Its eyes white. Splash.   Hands wrap around him. He goes up.
28) 0) text: Claude's POV through the window: Dick and Margot in the b seat of the Volvo. Malcolm and Pauline the front. The ignition turns. Claude leaves the window. We hear the car rumble away. Claude and Ingrid sit on the couch, hamburgers in front o them. Maisy is cross-legged on Wizard's dog bed and chews stalk of celery.
28) 1) dialog: Who do we know who's gay?
28) 4) dialog: And Bruce.     He's gay and Aspergers.
28) 6) text: I don't know if Bruce is gay. INGRID
28) 8) text: Your mom is pregnant. INGRID
28) 13) text: Holy shit, Ingrid you're going to have a baby sister or brother. INGRID
28) 21) dialog: I'm not going to do anyone. There's a scraping sound on the window.   The kids turn quickly:
28) 23) dialog: Is it scary?
29) 0) text: The three kids lie in the grass and watch through the sla in the fence: The Vogler family eats at an outdoor table. pig turns on a spit over a smoky barbecue. Mrs. Vogler sa something and the kids and Mr. Vogler laugh. Maisy climbs over Claude to see better. He feels her brea press against his back. Suddenly he swats crazily at his ear. Ingrid is poking him with a blade of grass.
31) 0) text: Claude lies in bed with Ingrid. He chews off a piece of h pinky fingernail. He hesitates and places it on an end- table.
31) 3) text: I just want to keep it. INGRID
31) 5) text: I don't know if it's the same thing. INGRID
31) 7) text: No. INGRID
31) 8) text: You're always staring at her tits. Ingrid traces Claude's upper lip with her finger. INGRID
31) 10) text: My mom bleaches it. INGRID
31) 12) text: I don't want to do that. INGRID
31) 16) dialog: Where are you going? I thought we were having a conversation.
34) 0) text: Malcolm, his moustache gone, a cigarette dangling from hi mouth, hammers in a stake at the base of a collapsed, whi tent. A workman holds a pole steadily. Pauline sets up chairs around a series of tables. Ingrid idles a few feet away. They're in the midst of talking:
34) 1) dialog: Why was it a secret?
34) 3) dialog: Why did you tell Margot?
34) 5) dialog: I don't want a sister. Pauline touches Ingrid's hair gently.
34) 6) dialog: I'm going to go get Wizard. She runs toward the house.   Pauline marches toward Malco
34) 17) text: Ingrid's really upset about it. Fuck. I can't believe she did this to me! (pause) I didn't tell you because... I didn't want you to feel like you had to marry me. I found out right before our seminar... I'm pregnant. MALCOLM
34) 39) dialog: Margot!   Claude!
35) 6) text: I don't know. Ingrid brought him in last night, but we couldn't find him this morning. MARGOT
35) 13) text: He wants to know. If I don't tell him, he figures it out. INGRID (O.S.)
35) 14) text: Where is Wizard? Ingrid approaches with Claude. PAULINE
35) 15) text: I don't know, honey. Ingrid sinks into her mother's body.   Claude and Margot ahead.
38) 0) text: Pauline, Malcolm, Margot, Jim, Claude and Ingrid eat fish stew and peasant bread. Jim's flowers sit in a vase. He wears a tan knit bracelet that Ingrid made.
44) 0) text: Claude and Ingrid idle in the tall grass calling to Wizar
44) 2) dialog: What happened to your dad?
44) 4) dialog: He didn't want to come to the wedding?
44) 7) dialog: Okay. Claude dances. The gangly weeds blow around him. There's rustling in the brush. A patch of fur catches Ingrid's ey
44) 8) dialog: (under her breath)
44) 11) text: You're not watching. The boy comes into focus. He holds a dead squirrel by its tail. Ingrid backs up next to Claude. The boy stops a few feet away and hurls the squirrel at them. The kids jump b as it lands at their feet. BOY
44) 18) text: (to Ingrid) You a fruity? INGRID
44) 20) text: We will hurt you. Claude takes Ingrid's arm and they start to walk away. INGRID
44) 24) dialog: Hold it, I have a rock in my sandal.
44) 26) dialog: Oww! Claude leans down to help her. The boy leaps on Claude. They both crash to the ground and roll through the grass.
45) 0) text: Claude bursts through the front door. Ingrid sees Claude runs to the kitchen. Margot, in a suit, goes over notes.
49) 0) text: Pauline's Volvo rolls into the drive. She and Claude get of the front seats. Margot climbs out of the back holding big cake box. No one speaks. Malcolm, in a fleece vest and safety goggles, drags a chainsaw toward the oak tree. Ingrid runs to her mom.
49) 1) dialog: He's cutting it down.
49) 18) text: She thinks you laze about the house. Ingrid is always offering to help clean or cook. She made bracelets for all the guests. Even Malcolm puts up the tent. You just wait until everyone else does it for you. CLAUDE
50) 48) dialog: Has anyone seen Wizard?
50) 50) dialog: Upstairs, I think with Claude.
52) 0) text: The deafening shriek of the blade as it cuts into the tre Malcolm is soaked in sweat. Ingrid watches from a few fee away. In the distance -- Dick's orange BMW grinds into the driveway. Maisy hurries toward him. Ingrid says, buried in the noise:
52) 1) dialog: There's Dick. Malcolm sees Dick.   He pushes the blade harder into the
52) 2) dialog: Is it almost ready?
52) 4) text: Almost. Maisy is talking to her father. Dick spots Malcolm. He immediately starts toward him. Malcolm hesitates. Cold fe creeps up his neck. Dick speeds up. Malcolm backs up slowly -- drops the chainsaw -- and bolt toward the water. Ingrid watches, confused.
53) 24) text: (suddenly) Ingrid!
54) 0) text: The purple of Ingrid's batik shirt shines in the grass beneath the tree. The trunk -- a gash at its base -- teeters. Pauline takes off into the field. Ingrid sings to herself and traces the branches in the ai with her finger. Pauline sprints --
54) 2) dialog: What? Pauline's breaths are rapid, jagged. Ingrid stands. A wind whips up.    The tree sways. Pauline thrusts her arms out, seizes Ingrid and hurls her away from the tree.
54) 3) dialog: Ow! Ingrid sobs as they run. Pauline looks back. The tree is still standing. They embrace a few feet out of its range.
54) 4) dialog: It wasn't going to fall!
54) 6) dialog: Wizard! She hugs the dog and holds him by the collar.   The three them stand a few feet apart. There's a horrible creak -- and suddenly --
55) 0) text: The speedometer needle wavers around 30. Margot clutches steering wheel. Claude looks morose. Pauline and Ingrid s stonily in the back seat. The Volvo jerks into the oncomi lane and back. Margot draws a deep breath.
55) 5) dialog: What happened? Can I still sing? Margot rolls down the window.
55) 22) dialog: Mom, are you okay?
55) 26) dialog: Mom, what happened?
56) 0) text: Margot and Claude sit, streaked with mud and perspiration Margot drinks a beer, Claude a Coke. Margot pops a blue p in her mouth and swallows. Ingrid swings on the rail. Pauline hangs up a cell phone and hands it back to her sister. She takes the beer and swigs.
58) 0) text: A dark tight space with a faded and dirty green wall-to-w carpet. Pauline combs Ingrid's hair on one of the two dou beds. Ingrid practices her wedding song. Claude sits on t other bed and looks into the open bathroom door: Margot stands with her back to him. She talks on her cell phone a whisper. She hangs up. Claude walks inside. The sink drips.
59) 0) text: Cheap plastic tables. A small karaoke stage in front. Margot, Claude, Pauline and Ingrid sit at the bar. Margot drinks her wine with ice. She wears Jim's sweater. The ki have Cokes. The remains of ketchup-soaked french fries in plastic red basket lie between them. A man with a mullet climbs up on the karaoke stage. The music begins. The man sways and sings "On and On" by Step Bishop. He croons sweetly and beautifully. Claude's eyes moisten. Margot swallows a blue pill and chases it with t wine. She takes her son's hand and whispers:
60) 14) text: I can't understand you, honey. Margot finishes her glass of wine, her eyes still on her sister. INGRID
61) 1) dialog: Mom!/Nana! Margot takes Claude's arm and walks quickly in the opposi direction. Claude, confused, glances over his shoulder.