3) 16) text: Josh's spring break is next week. Jim teaches through Friday and then they open the house in Vermont on the weekend. MALCOLM
6) 12) text: I thought he was a musician. Pauline jimmies down the stiff windows. Margot begins to unpack and hang up clothes in the closet. PAULINE
10) 10) text: Jim, this guy, Malcolm. He's exactly what you'd imagine except I think he's clinically depressed.
38) 0) text: Pauline, Malcolm, Margot, Jim, Claude and Ingrid eat fish stew and peasant bread. Jim's flowers sit in a vase. He wears a tan knit bracelet that Ingrid made.
38) 1) dialog: It was a difficult    decision because Claude has so many    friends at school now, but it    is expensive and Bronx Science is a    great public school.
38) 11) text: I guess so. Jim smiles warmly at his son. JIM
38) 13) text: Did you give him confusing change? JIM
38) 15) text: You know what I tried the other day? Sitting down to pee. Have you done this, Jim? JIM
38) 23) text: Jim, I'm sorry about the room. It's usually Malcolm's storage room so it's kind of make-shift right now.
38) 24) dialog: It's fine. Margot stares at Jim. JIM
38) 29) text: Those look warm. JIM
38) 30) text: I remember last year in Vermont you said your feet were freezing. Her eyes find Claude who watches his parents carefully. S leans across the table to Jim and they kiss chastely and briskly on the lips.
39) 0) text: Jim drives with Margot in the passenger seat.
39) 2) dialog: Well, that's okay.   Two sets are fine, right?
39) 4) dialog: Why?
39) 6) dialog: What's wrong with your ear?
39) 8) dialog: We need time alone to sort this out. You can't just run away --
39) 10) dialog: (trying a joke)
39) 11) text: Well, now you're putting too much pressure on me. Jim smiles crookedly at her. She half-smiles back.   He t a moment, preparing to speak. Then:
39) 12) dialog: What is that? His headlights catch a woman cowering at the roadside. Th pass.
39) 16) dialog: Let me just... Jim gets out of the car.     A sobbing woman crouches, cr a bloody dog.
39) 20) text: Jim... Jim kneels down by the whining pit bull.    The woman scr
40) 0) text: Jim drives, his front covered in blood. Margot is shot-gu The lady rides in back with the panting pit in her lap.
40) 5) dialog: Margot.
41) 0) text: Jim comes outside tucking his wallet in his back pocket. Margot sits on the car hood smoking a joint.
41) 2) dialog: She didn't have her purse with her. It wasn't so expensive. Roger's going to live.
41) 4) dialog: Of course you would've.
41) 6) dialog: (frustrated)
41) 10) dialog: What's wrong?
42) 2) text: How can I be all these people? How can I be married to Jim. And fuck Dick. And want them both and then neither of them...
46) 30) text: Umm...I don't... Why do you assume it's based on... We all take from life. I had to have our refrigerator repaired the other day at our apartment in Manhattan. I was alone with a guy, I think he was Puerto Rican, sent over by...Whirlpool, I think it is who made our fridge. Although he said he worked for an independent organization who Whirlpool subcontracts. I think he was retarded. There was an anger in him and suddenly I became afraid for my life. I called Jim at NYU. I asked him to come home. Margot stops.   Her face is awash in sweat. Pauline takes Claude's hand and presses it to her chest. eyes widen, fixed on his mother. MARGOT
48) 6) text: She's always liked you best.   More than Jim even. CLAUDE
59) 0) text: Cheap plastic tables. A small karaoke stage in front. Margot, Claude, Pauline and Ingrid sit at the bar. Margot drinks her wine with ice. She wears Jim's sweater. The ki have Cokes. The remains of ketchup-soaked french fries in plastic red basket lie between them. A man with a mullet climbs up on the karaoke stage. The music begins. The man sways and sings "On and On" by Step Bishop. He croons sweetly and beautifully. Claude's eyes moisten. Margot swallows a blue pill and chases it with t wine. She takes her son's hand and whispers: