20) 5) text: We're friends enough that's it's awkward. Maisy baby-sits for us all the time. MARGOT
21) 0) text: The car pulls into a driveway.    A modern house.   Dick Maisy come out to greet them.
26) 2) dialog: Singing? Fumbling, Claude shuts off the tape recorder.
26) 4) dialog: Can I make a suggestion?
26) 6) dialog: You should get underarm deodorant.
26) 8) dialog: You kind of smell. Claude blushes.
26) 9) dialog: Better I tell you than someone else.
28) 0) text: Claude's POV through the window: Dick and Margot in the b seat of the Volvo. Malcolm and Pauline the front. The ignition turns. Claude leaves the window. We hear the car rumble away. Claude and Ingrid sit on the couch, hamburgers in front o them. Maisy is cross-legged on Wizard's dog bed and chews stalk of celery.
28) 2) dialog: How do I know what gay people you know.
28) 12) text: She told my mom. But you can tell - - she's hormonally weird. MAISY
28) 17) text: I don't know. MAISY
29) 0) text: The three kids lie in the grass and watch through the sla in the fence: The Vogler family eats at an outdoor table. pig turns on a spit over a smoky barbecue. Mrs. Vogler sa something and the kids and Mr. Vogler laugh. Maisy climbs over Claude to see better. He feels her brea press against his back. Suddenly he swats crazily at his ear. Ingrid is poking him with a blade of grass.
31) 6) text: Are you obsessed with Maisy? CLAUDE
49) 3) dialog: My dad's late to pick me up.    I hope I'm not a pain.
50) 39) text: I'm going to tell you...    Just let me... Maisy... Pauline teeters. PAULINE
51) 0) text: Pauline enters in a daze.   A toilet flushes.    Maisy co of Pauline's bathroom.
51) 1) dialog: Oh, hi. Sorry, I had to go. I hope that's okay I used yours. Pauline nods strangely. She goes to the window. Her dove grey wedding dress hangs on the back of the door.
51) 2) dialog: I love your wedding dress.   It's so unconventional and great. Pauline nods. Her eye catches the Polaroids of her and Malcolm nude which lie on top of the bureau. Maisy looks the pictures too. Maisy shifts uneasily and leaves the room. Pauline follow Maisy walks down the hallway, aware that Pauline is right behind her.
51) 3) dialog: Is everything okay?
51) 6) text: Nothing. Maisy stops at the landing. Claude sits at the bottom of staircase playing with a string.
51) 7) dialog: Claude, do you want to play croquet?
52) 0) text: The deafening shriek of the blade as it cuts into the tre Malcolm is soaked in sweat. Ingrid watches from a few fee away. In the distance -- Dick's orange BMW grinds into the driveway. Maisy hurries toward him. Ingrid says, buried in the noise:
52) 4) text: Almost. Maisy is talking to her father. Dick spots Malcolm. He immediately starts toward him. Malcolm hesitates. Cold fe creeps up his neck. Dick speeds up. Malcolm backs up slowly -- drops the chainsaw -- and bolt toward the water. Ingrid watches, confused.