0) 0) text: A cashier hands a boy, 13, his change across a counter. T boy stuffs the coins in his pocket. He lifts the cardboar tray with two hot dogs, a bag of chips, and two Cokes. Th is Claude. We follow him: He carefully carries the meal down the ais balances it in one hand as he opens the door. The train noise blares as he traverses the area between c He enters the new car repeating the balancing act. He wai while a man shoves his back-pack onto the metal rack abov the seats. Claude hurries a bit more now, his concentrati alternating between the food and the path. He sits next to a brunette woman.   He hands her a hot do
17) 29) text: No, for some reason I have the adult one. Maybe I'm retarded. Up ahead -- in the path -- is a couple, 40's, with a six old girl. The back of the man's pants are smeared with di and the woman is packed into acid washed jeans. The littl girl whines and lags behind. Margot and Pauline slow down.   Claude and Ingrid catch u MAN
17) 34) text: I don't want -- The woman grabs the girl harshly by the arm and pulls her The girl screams. MARGOT
17) 35) text: Hey! The man and woman turn around sharply. MARGOT
17) 36) text: Be careful! WOMAN
17) 41) text: (under her breath) It's a girl. WOMAN
17) 43) text: She's a little girl! WOMAN
17) 44) text: She knew what she was doing. She starts suddenly toward Margot. WOMAN
17) 47) dialog: Stay out of it, bitch. The woman turns back around. She lifts the girl into her arms and they trudge over the incline and out of sight.
20) 10) text: It's true. I don't subscribe to the credo that there's enough room for everyone to be successful. I think there are only a few spots available and people like Dick Koosman and Bono are taking them up. Pauline looks at Malcolm's drawing.    It's a graphic ima a man fucking a woman in the ass.
25) 0) text: Margot's fist is raised about to knock on the front door. She stops herself. She puts the note on the Welcome mat a holds it in place with the child's shoe. She wanders arou to the back of the house. She looks into a lighted window It's a white tiled bathroom. A wet brown animal body covered in clear plastic is balan on the sink. Mr. Vogler tears into the plastic. The carca is butterflied open exposing the innards and ribs. Mrs. Vogler runs the tub. She pours salt from a box in th water. The man slides his hand in her waist-band. She rub against him. Margot chews her cuticle. The man saws the legs. His arm jerks back and forth, straining to cut through the bone. Sweat pours down his temples. Margot raises her hand to her face and presses against th window. She peers through her fingers. The blade pierces the bone with a violent release and the hoof falls to the floor. Margot moves to another window.   The pig's face now look her. Blood drips and leaks into the crevices of the tile. The woman brandishes a syringe filled with an orange liquid. Suddenly a face appears in the glass. Margot leaps back. It's a thin boy. He says something. The family turns to t window. The father flicks off the bathroom light. From inside Margot illuminates like an apparition. Margot scampers into the trees.   She pushes through bran her shirt tears. She runs.
39) 17) dialog: Please help me. Jim comes toward her.
39) 18) dialog: Please help me. He got hit by a car. Please help me. Margot opens her door and steps out.
39) 20) text: Jim... Jim kneels down by the whining pit bull.    The woman scr
39) 21) dialog: Help me!
40) 1) dialog: Hurry...he's dying.     He's dying. Margot puts her hands over her ears.    Jim speeds up.
40) 2) dialog: He didn't do anything. Roger is an innocent. He's an innocent creature.
60) 15) text: There's gramma and Aunt Becky! Margot startles and looks out the window. Across the stre is an older woman, 70's, and a large woman, mid 30's, eat ice cream cones and looking in a boarded-up shop window.