0) 0) text: A NAKED LIGHTBULB SPARKS TO LIFE.  It dangles from the ce a basement. LIGHT, QUICK FOOTSTEPS AS ANNA CROWE moves down the stair Anna is the rare combination of beauty and innocence.  Sh in the chilly basement in an elegant summer dress that ou her slender body.  Her gentle eyes move across the empty come to rest on a rack of wine bottles covering one entir She walks to the bottles.  Her fingertips slide over the She stops when she finds just the right one.  A tiny smil slides it out. Anna turns to leave.  Stops.  She stares at the shadowy b It's an unsettling place.  She stands very still and watc breath form a TINY CLOUD IN THE COLD AIR.  She's visibly  uncomfortable. Anna Crowe moves for the staircase in a hurry.  Each step than the next.  She climbs out of the basement in another of LIGHT, QUICK FOOTSTEPS. WE HEAR HER HIT THE LIGHT SWITCH. THE LIGHTBULB DIES.  DRIPPING BLACK DEVOURS THE ROOM.
1) 0) text: Two place settings are arranged on the living room coffee Take-out Chinese food sits half eaten on good china.  An bottle of red wine sits between boxes of Chinese food. Anna arrives with the backup bottle and is now wearing a She hands a collegiate rowing team sweatshirt to Malcolm.
1) 1) dialog: It's getting cold. MALCOLM CROWE sits on the floor at the coffee table, his tie on the sofa behind him.  A jacket and an overcoat lay brirfcase next to him. Malcolm is in his thirties with thick, wavy hair and stri intelligent eyes that squint from years of intense study. charming, easy-going smile spreads across his face.  He p
1) 4) dialog: (smiling)
1) 7) dialog: Mahogany.  I'd say that cost at  least a couple hundred.  Maybe  three.
1) 9) dialog: Do you know how important this is?   This is big time. (beat)
1) 12) dialog: In recognition for his outstanding  achievement in the field of child  psychology, his dedication to his  work, and his continuing efforts to  improve the quality of life for  countless children and their  families, the City of Philadelphia  proudly bestows upon its son Dr.  Malcolm Crowe...  That's you...   the Mayor's Citation for  Professional Excellence. Beat.  The power of the words sobers the two of them.
1) 13) dialog: Wow.  They called you their son.
1) 18) dialog: This is an important night for us.   Finally someone is recognizing the  sacrifices you made.  That you have  put everything second, including me,  for those families they're talking  about. Malcolm plays softly with her face.  Anna takes his hands holds them steady.
1) 19) dialog: They're also saying that my husband  has a gift.  Not an ordinary gift  that allows him to hit a ball over a  fence.  Or a gift that lets him  produce beautiful images on a  canvas...  Your gift teaches  children how to be strong in  situations where most adults would  piss on themselves. (beat)
1) 20) text: Yes, I believe what they wrote  about you. Anna lets go of his hands.  Anna's eyes are emotional.  M smiles softly.
1) 23) dialog: Nothing.  There wasn't supposed to  be any crying at this celebration.   Just a lot of drinking and sex. Malcolm's charming, easy-going smile returns.
2) 4) dialog: He's still in the house. A SHADOW FROM THE BATHROOM FLATS OVER BOTH OF THEM. ANNA SCREAMS. Malcolm spins around.  His heart stops. Malcolm and Anna stare at the bathroom doorwary.  They kn someone is inside.  Beat. Malcolm slowly starts towards the door.  The first thing comes into view are the clothes on the bathroom floor.  T figure of a man comes into view.  A STRANGER stands bare in the back of the bathroom. NO ONE MAKES A SOUND. The STRANGER is about nineteen.  Drugged out.  Pitch blac bulging.  His body is covered in scars and bruises.  His are folded in front of him.  He shakes ever so slightly. patch of white in his hair. Malcolm speaks in a very calm voice.  Never takes his eye the stranger.
2) 16) dialog: --My God.
2) 40) text: Vincent...  I'm sorry I didn't help  you...  I can try to help you now. Vincent turns to the sink.  His hand goes in.  He turns a raises a gun at Malcolm.  He FIRES.  A VIOLENT, EAR-SHATT ECHO.  Malcolm clutches his stomach and folds like a rag onto the bed. Vincent instantly moves the gun to his own head.  ANOTHER HORRIFIC BLAST SPIKES THE AIR.  Vincent crumples onto the bathroom floor. ANNA'S CHILLING SCREAMS FILL THEIR HOME.
8) 0) text: Malcolm quietly walks into his bedroom.  Only A READING L ON.  THE SOFT LIGHT FALLS ON ANNA AS SHE SLEEPS. Malcolm moves to her side.  The sight of her stops him. He stares at his wife... She huddles under a blanket, a wad of tissues in her hand takes it in silently. His eyes move to her face...  One wisp of hair falls over soft lips.  OUTLINED IN THE SOFT READING LIGHT, Anna Crow looks like an angel. Malcolm forms a tiny smile.
17) 0) text: Malcolm hurriedly enters a spacious, dimly-lit Italian  restaurant.  He stops in the dining room and searches the candle-lit tables.  He finds Anna. Anna sits alone at a corner table.  The remains of her ha dinner lay on the only place setting on the table.  A sma OF CAKE WITH A CANDLE in it sits untouched. Anna stirs sugar in her coffee as Malcolm sits in the sea from her.  She gently stops stirring, but doesn't look up
17) 3) text: I can't seem to keep track of time. Anna quietly takes a sip from her coffee.
17) 6) text: It might be some kind of abuse. That makes Anna turn back.  She glances across the table, looks down.
17) 11) text: Hard to say this early.  Could  just be a child climbing a lot of  trees. Malcolm loses himself in his thoughts.  The waiter drops check on the table.  Anna grabs it before Malcolm and qui signs it.
25) 0) text: The surface of Malcolm's desk is covered with open texts. Malcolm pours over a thick reference book. He circles a phrase... "...resulting bruises and abrasions on arms and legs may, fact, be self-inflicted." Malcolm appears disturbed by the thoughts running through head. ANNA'S MUFFLED VOICE CARRIES DOWN THE STAIRS. His face turns up to the ceiling.
25) 6) text: On my way to the flea market in  Amish country.  Thought maybe you  want to come.  Show me how to buy  at these things. ANNA (o.s.)
25) 7) text: I trust you...  Besides, I don't  know if I'm up for the Amish today.   You can't curse or spit or anything  around them. Malcolm smiles at Anna. MAN'S VOICE (o.s.)
25) 8) text: I thought you'd want to get out.   You've been kind of down. Malcolm slowly stops smiling. ANNA (o.s.)
25) 10) text: Do you think I should stop by on my  way back?  Show you what I got?   It's not a problem. Malcolm shakes his head in disbelief. ANNA (o.s.)
25) 13) text: I'm off then. ANNA (o.s.)
29) 8) text: No doubt about it.  Anna's like my  sister.  You better make her happy...   And I'm not talking about -- mmm  this tastes like real butter --  kind of happy...  I'm talking about  Julie Andrews twirling around like  a mental patient on a mountain top  -- kind of happy. THE LARGE BRIDESMAID BECOMES VERY EMOTIONAL.
31) 0) text: Malcolm steps into the bathroom quietly.  He stares at th silhouette of Anna's body through the smoked glass of the Anna stands still, her head tilted back. Malcolm watches quietly.  By his experience, it's clear h taken by his wife's beauty. Malcolm starts towards the shower when his eyes glance to sink.  Malcolm locks on a tiny bottle resting on the marb surface. He reaches out and picks it up.  The label on the plastic reads, "Zoloft Anti-depressant" "To be taken twice daily" Malcolm gently puts down the plastic bottle.  He gazes at still figure of his wife as the water covers her. Malcolm leaves the bathroom.  He makes sure not to make a with the door as he closes it shut.
52) 0) text: The doorway to Malcolm and Anna's bedroom is open.  STRAI VOICES SPILL OUT INTO THE HALLWAY. MALCOLM (o.s.)
52) 5) text: Please let it ring. WE HEAR MOVEMENT.  Anna emerges from the bedroom.  Eyes r wipes her tears. She picks up the phone and moves down the stairs. Malcolm walks out into the hall.  Stops at the top of the ANNA'S VOICE CAN BE HEARD SPEAKING ON THE PHONE from down
52) 6) dialog: I can't talk now. Malcolm doesn't hear anything as Anna listens to the pers the phone.  She smiles as she wipes her tears.  He starts basement door again.
52) 7) dialog: (whispers)
52) 8) text: I thought about you too. Malcolm turns.  He stands frozen at the top of the stairs Anna's HUSHED WORDS RISING IN THE AIR LIKE A GUN BLAST.
56) 0) text: We are in an antique store.  Filled floor to ceiling with furniture and knickknacks. Anna stands with a YOUNG COUPLE.  All three lean over and into a glass cabinet. An antique engagement ring sits on a velvet stand.
56) 1) dialog: It's Edwardian.  Beautifully worked.   Entirely platinum with a mine cut  diamond and an actual color Burmese  Sapphire...  It's timeless.
56) 6) text: Uh-huh. Anna smiles as she takes the ring out of the cabinet.
56) 7) dialog: Why don't you two hold it? She places it in their hands.
56) 8) dialog: Do you feel longing?
56) 10) dialog: When I touch this piece I feel a  longing.  I imagine the woman who  owned this, loved a man deeply she  couldn't be with. The young woman looks at Anna with great intrigue.
56) 12) dialog: I don't know...  But maybe... (beat)
56) 13) text: A lot of the pieces in this store  give me feelings.  I think maybe  when people own things and then  they pass away -- a part of  themselves gets printed on those  things -- like fingerprints. Beat.  The young man and the young woman gaze at Anna sil They look down at the ring.  They place their hands on it reverently, delicately -- like checking for a pulse. Anna can't hold back her sweet smile.
57) 0) text: Anna moves to the back desk where SEAN comes out.  He's c an antique bench in his arms. He places it down and takes needed seat.
57) 2) dialog: I need a wrestler with a masters. Anna fills out the paperwork for the ring.
57) 6) dialog: It's a first edition.
67) 0) text: Malcolm stands in his foyer. Anna is sitting on the stairs, phone in her hand.  She fa from the front. Malcolm's a ball of tension as he listens to Anna talk in phone.
67) 1) dialog: ...You just walked out.  You're  probably on your way home.  I'm  leaving this message...  I just  didn't get to say what I meant...  (beat)
67) 7) text: I'll see you at the store. Beat.  A long silence.  Then WE HEAR ANNA GENTLY HANG UP. Malcolm leans back against an old radiator.  Beat. His eyes close as the SOUND OF HIS WIFE'S FOOTSTEPS RISES STAIRS.
92) 0) text: Malcolm enters the living room and smiles at what he sees Anna is asleep in a chair.  She's curled up in a ball.  I she looks like a little girl. Their WEDDING VIDEO PLAYS SOFTLY ON THE TELEVISION. Malcolm watches himself and Anna cutting their wedding ca CROWD APPLAUDS AS THEY FEED EACH OTHER PIECES. Malcolm turns from the television and takes a seat next t He gazes upon his wife softly.
92) 2) text: Anna, I've been so lost. (beat)
92) 4) dialog: I miss you. Malcolm's eyes move back up.  He looks at his sleeping wi ANNA'S TALKING IN HER SLEEP. Malcolm can't believe it.
92) 6) dialog: Why, Malcolm?
92) 8) dialog: Why did you leave me?
93) 1) text: Anna rushes across the room to a crumpled Malcolm laying floor.  Malcolm's hands are clutched at his side. Anna pries his hands away to reveal the tiniest tear in h shirt.  Anna's eyes catch something dark -- moving...  A BLOOD IS FORMING UNDER MALCOLM.  She slowly turns him ove side...  A horrific sight...  An enormous exit wound on h back pours out blood uncontrollably. Malcolm's jaw is locked open.  His breaths are long and s ANNA IS SCREAMING, BUT HER VOICE SOUNDS FAR AWAY. Malcolm's open jaw releases a long strained breath and th becomes silent.  Anna tries to cover the wound with her h desperately.
94) 8) dialog: Tell me. Beat.
94) 11) dialog: Goodnight, Malcolm.
94) 30) text: Anna Crowe...  I am in love.  In  love I am.