3) 0) text: The legend, "Two Years Later" appears. A man flips open a worn file folder on his lap.  Handwrit notes fill every line.  At the top of the first page read "Vincent Gray, age 10, Referred January 19, 1989." The man's hand touches the name almost reverently. He glances through the page.  Words and phrases are circl throughout the file. "...Acute anxiety" "...Socially isolated" "...Possible mood disorder" "...Parent status -- Divorced" "...Communication difficulty between mother-child dyad" The man's hands flip the page.  At the top of this new pa reads, "Cole Sear, age 8, Referred September 1998." As the man's fingers move through the notes we again see and phrases circled throughout this new case history. "...Acute anxiety" "...Socially isolated" "...Possible mood disorder" "...Parent status -- Divorced" "...Communication difficulty between mother-child dyad" The hands close the notepad.  The hands are slightly shak WE PULL BACK to reveal the shaking hands belong to Dr. Ma Crowe. Malcolm sits on a sidewalk bench facing a row of brownsto across the street.  He gazes blankly at the brownstones. A door opens.  Malcolm is brought out of his trance. COLE SEAR steps out his front door.  Cole is a munchkin o with large, black eyes that seem to take in everything ar him.  
3) 1) text: His hair is dark, with a small patch of jet white on the Cole carefully locks the door behind him. He moves to the bottom of the stairs and looks around ner Anxiously. The eight-year-old child reaches into his pocket and slip pair of VERY LARGE GLASSES.  They look comical on him. Malcolm rises to his feet.  He smooths out his shirt.  Lo and buttons his jacket. When he looks up, Cole is gone. Malcolm barely catches a glimpse of the boy.  Cole runs a speed down the street and turns the corner.  TINY SNEAKER SCREECHING ON THE SIDEWALK. For a second, Malcolm doesn't react.  The second passes. stuffs the file in his bag and starts running too.
4) 0) text: Malcolm hauls down the sidewalk.  He comes to a hard stop street intersection.  Searches.  Spots Cole running into parking lot. COLE sprints across the empty lot and reaches the doors o building.  He has to use all his strength to push open th ornate doors.  He slips inside. Malcolm jogs into the parking area.  His pace slows to a then to stillness as he gazes up at the building.  Its ol and huge towers make it stand out from the modern buildin around it.  Malcolm stares up at the historic Philadelphi quietly. A SHOOTING PAIN PIERCES HIS SIDE.  Malcolm's hand goes to quickly.  He waits for it to pass before starting for the doors.
5) 0) text: Only a few people sit and pray in the sea of oak pews. Malcolm scans the majestic room and finds what he's looki in the last row of the church. He moves down the center aisle towards the back. Malcolm finds Cole playing in his pew with a set of green beige plastic soldiers.  Cole makes the soldiers talk to other.
5) 1) dialog: (soft)
5) 2) text: Pro... Fun... Add... The words are unintelligible. Cole senses someone.  He looks up and sees Malcolm starin him.  The boy immediately goes white.  Every cell of his still with fear.
5) 7) dialog: (soft)
5) 11) dialog: ...De profundis clamo ad te domine. Malcolm stares surprised.
5) 12) dialog: It's called Latin.  It's a  language. Malcolm nods at the information.
5) 14) dialog: No, just one. Malcolm smiles at Cole.  His eyes drift down to Cole's ar Malcolm's smile slowly disappears. Cole's arms are covered in TINY CUTS AND BRUISES.  Some a healed.  Some fresh.  Malcolm looks around to gather hims Beat.
5) 16) text: In olden times, in Europe, people  used to hide in churches.  Claim  sanctuary. Cole looks up.
5) 17) dialog: What were they hiding from?
5) 19) dialog: Nothing bad can happen in a church,  right? Malcolm studies Cole's anxious face.
5) 21) dialog: I forgot your name.
5) 23) dialog: You're a doctor.  What kind?
5) 25) dialog: Are you a good doctor? Malcolm smiles.
5) 27) dialog: Congratulations.
5) 30) dialog: You use needles?
5) 32) dialog: Not even little ones that aren't  supposed to hurt?
5) 34) dialog: That's good. Cole pockets his soldiers and rises from his pew.
5) 35) dialog: I'm going to see you again, right?
5) 37) dialog: It's okay with me. Cole and Malcolm just stare at each other.
5) 39) dialog: Next time I won't be scared of you. Cole turns and starts to the rear of the church.  Malcolm himself in his thoughts. When Malcolm looks back, he sees Cole stop by the exit do take a tiny STATUE OF JESUS off the back table.  Cole poc statue and quietly leaves the church. Malcolm just sits and stares.
10) 0) text: The empty basement is no longer empty.  It's piled with f cabinets and boxes of psychology and medical books.  A de in the corner next to the wine racks. The room still feels unsettling. Malcolm hunches over one of the books.  Rifles through a dusty books.  Pulls out a thick text. The spine of the text reads, "The Meridian Latin Dictiona Malcolm sits back at his desk and opens Cole's file.  Han on the first page are the words, "De profundis calms ad te, domine" Malcolm starts working through the Latin text.  As he com each word, he jots it down underneath the Latin. Malcolm translates the last word. He stares quietly at the paper.  The new words reads... "Out of the depths, I cry to you Lord." Beat.
12) 6) dialog: (shaken)
12) 9) dialog: Oh. Cole gets up from the table.  Takes his pop tarts.  Doesn eye contact.
12) 10) dialog: What are you thinking, Momma?
12) 12) dialog: Anything bad about me? Lynn leans down.
12) 15) dialog: Got it. THE DOOR BELL RINGS.
12) 16) dialog: (soft)
12) 17) text: That's Tommy, Momma. Cole quietly kisses his mother on the cheek and starts ou
13) 0) text: TOMMY TAMMISIMO is a tough-looking, eight-year-old Italia who waits at the bottom of Cole's brownstone stairs in hi uniform.  Cole emerges from the brownstone and moves down the steps Lynn's face appears in the kitchen window. The two boys begin their walk down the street to school. puts his arm around Cole.  Lynn waves.  Cole waves back. When the two boys turn the corner and are out of Lynn's s Tommy rips his arm away.
13) 3) text: Be careful...  I hope no one jumps  out and gets you. Tommy runs away. Beat.  Cole looks around nervously.
14) 0) text: The last uniformed boys and girls rush into the front doo St. Anthony's Academy as the FINAL BELL SOUNDS. Cole is the last one to go in.  He stands alone on the si He looks like he'd rather be anywhere but there. Beat. He buries his hands in his pockets and begins a quiet wal himself into the school.
15) 0) text: The front door CREAKS open as Cole walks in after school. looks around before closing the door.  His eyes stop on L seated in the open doorway of the den.  Malcolm is seated her.  They both look up. Lynn comes out.  She reaches Cole -- kneels down in front
15) 2) text: How was school, baby? Cole shrugs.
15) 4) text: You know, you can tell me things if  you need to. Cole doesn't respond.  Beat.
15) 6) text: Well, you know what I did today? Cole shakes his head "No."
15) 9) text: What did you do? Cole starts to smile too.  He thinks.
15) 10) dialog: (whispers)
15) 11) text: I was picked first for kickball  teams at recess.  I hit a grand  slam to win the game and everyone  lifted me up on their shoulders and  carried me around cheering. Cole and Lynn smile at each other.  Beat. Lynn tries to hide the utter sadness behind her smile.
16) 0) text: The den doubles as a playroom.  Boxes of old toys sit in corner.  A small, plastic, multi-colored table sits on th Cole appears in the doorway.  Malcolm sits up and smiles. He points to the chair on the other side of the coffee ta
16) 8) text: Secrets. Cole takes a step.  Malcolm opens his eyes.  He looks rig Cole.
16) 11) text: You don't have to tell me your  secret if you don't want to. Malcolm smiles.  Returns his fingers to the mind-reading  position.  Malcolm looks to Cole's arm.  Cole is wearing SILVER WATCH.  It swims on his thin wrist.  It could prob slide up to his shoulder.  Malcolm closes his eyes.
16) 13) dialog: He forgot it in a drawer.  It  doesn't work. Beat.  Malcolm puts his fingers to his temple.  This time little bit slower.  He gazes at Cole's school uniform.
16) 15) dialog: We were supposed to draw a picture.   Anything we wanted...  I drew a man.   He got hurt in the neck by another  man with a screwdriver. AN UNCOMFORTABLE SILENCE OVERTAKES THE DEN.
16) 17) dialog: Everybody got upset.  They had a  meeting.  Momma started crying. (beat)
16) 20) dialog: I draw people with smiles, dogs  running, and rainbows. (beat)
16) 23) text: I guess they don't. Malcolm looks down at Cole's feet.  They're almost at the doorway.  One more step and he's there.  Cole is very sti doesn't move at all.
16) 24) dialog: (whispers)
16) 27) text: I don't know what you're thinking,  Cole. Cole quietly takes a step back into the doorway of the ot
16) 28) dialog: (whispers)
16) 30) text: But you can't help me. Cole's tiny figure steps away.  Malcolm stares helplessly empty doorway where his client used to stand. THE DEN IS SUFFOCATED WITH SILENCE.
18) 0) text: Cole is seated on the front stoop of his brownstone.  On steps and on the landing are his plastic soldiers in the a war. Malcolm sits with his bag and overcoat on the step next t Malcolm just observes quietly.  Beat. Cole glances up as he plays.  Sees Malcolm's expression.
18) 1) dialog: You want to ask me a question?
18) 4) dialog: That's Private Jenkins and Private  Kinney.  They got killed.  Private  Jenkins has a baby girl that was  born seven pounds, six ounces.   He's never seen her.  He wanted to  get back to Blue Bell, Pennsylvania  and hold her... Cole points to the other soldier.
18) 5) dialog: Private Kinney's wife is really  sick -- she has something called a  brain anism.
18) 8) dialog: Yeah, Private Kinney needed to get  back safe to take care of her. Beat.  Cole's face becomes emotional.  Tears fill his eye
18) 9) dialog: It's sad they died, isn't it? Malcolm falls into silence and stares at his client.  Bea wipes his eyes quickly.
18) 10) dialog: Don't look at me. (beat)
18) 11) text: I don't like people looking at me  like that. Malcolm takes in Cole's gesture and expression.
18) 12) dialog: Stop looking at me. Malcolm looks down.
18) 14) dialog: Look over there. Cole points to the corner of the street.  Malcolm slowly He sits in profile to Cole.  Beat.
19) 0) text: The two of them walk down a row of brownstones across fro where children Cole's age are playing.
19) 1) dialog: I walk this way to school with  Tommy Tammisimo.
19) 3) dialog: He hates me.
19) 7) dialog: I don't tell her a thing.
19) 9) dialog: Cause she doesn't look at me like  everybody and I don't want her to.   I don't want her to know.
19) 11) dialog: That I'm a freak. Malcolm stops walking.  The words hit him hard.  He stare Cole.
19) 13) dialog: You said the "s" word.
19) 15) dialog: Is it okay if I do something?  I  have to do something. Malcolm nods "yes" as they continue walking.  Cole slows approach the old man.  As we get closer, we make out the barely see.
19) 16) dialog: Hi, Mr. Marschal. MR. MARSCHAL leans over his gate and stares at Cole for a seconds.
19) 18) dialog: What's wrong?
19) 20) dialog: Ich Habe Durst. Malcolm's eyes dart to Cole.
19) 22) dialog: I just know a couple lines.
19) 24) dialog: Lemonade, please. Mr. Marschal smiles at Cole before walking back inside hi Cole turns back to Malcolm.
19) 25) dialog: (sad)
19) 28) dialog: (whispers)
20) 0) text: This brownstone has been home to the Marschal's for many, years.  It's filled with a lifetime of memories.  Memorie by two people. Two rocking chairs sit side by side near the windows that overlook the street...  A corner table displays fancy woo chess set.  The game half-finished, frozen in a layer of An easel stands before a piano.  The incomplete water col painting of a smiling elderly woman sitting on the piano sits sadly on the faded yellow paper. Malcolm takes in the living room silently.  He stands nea open door. Cole walks through the room.  Tiny eyes searching careful leans behind the sofa looking for something.  Malcolm wat Cole with a crinkled brow. Cole peeks behind the old piano crammed against the wall.
20) 2) dialog: Thank you. Mr. Marschal shuffles over to the sofa.  Takes a seat. Cole begins surveying the room again.  Beat.  His eyes fi come to rest on a plant seated in the corner.  He stares THE LEAVES OF THE PLANT SHAKE SLIGHTLY FROM A BREEZE. Cole puts down his glass on a table and walks over to the Cole kneels down and starts to push the potted plant asid POT SCREECHES ON THE WOODEN FLOOR. Malcolm calls to Cole under his breath.
20) 9) text: She hasn't written anything for  some time. Beat.  Mr. Marschal slowly looks up from the notebooks. to Cole.  Cole just stands quietly. Mr. Marschal's eyes slowly fill with tears of realization gently spill down his weathered face.
20) 11) dialog: (softly)
21) 3) text: Cole Sear allowed me to witness  something today. (beat)
22) 0) text: Lynn holds a laundry basket on her hip as she fiddles wit thermostat in the hall.  The house is cold.  Lynn wears a jacket in the house. Lynn turns and moves into the shadowy hallway.  No lights house seems somewhat ominous.  Beat. Lynn's eyes dart to an open guest room like she just saw  something.  She stares in the doorway until a SOUND TURNS THE DIRECTION OF THE FAMILY ROOM. She picks up balled-up boy's sweat socks and dirty T-shir laying on the carpet.  When she reaches the end of the ha HITS A LIGHT SWITCH.  The hall LIGHTS UP REVEALING A WALL PHOTOS.  Lynn forms a tiny smile. Snapshots of Cole and Lynn's life hang before her eyes. Cole's birthday parties...  Lynn and Cole at an amusement Cole under the Christmas tree...  Cole on Lynn's shoulder pool...  Cole with a group of neighbors at a barbecue... Lynn takes a step forward.  Lynn's face betrays the fact notices something she never noticed before.  She touches of three-year-old Cole.
23) 0) text: Lynn moves into Cole's room with the laundry basket balan her hip.  The Walkman headphones on her head blares A MUF TECHNO DANCE BEAT.  Lynn starts picking clothes up around room. This bedroom is an eerie place.  The shadows seem to make and figures.  All the furniture is wood -- old fashioned. lamps, the paintings on the wall -- antiques as well. The most striking feature of the room, however, is the ho tent created from bedsheets and blankets tied to chairs a bureaus.  It takes up a large corner of the room. A sign hangs over the bedsheets.
24) 4) text: You ask a lot of questions about my  dad today.  How come? Cole is playing behind the couch.  All we see is the top head.
24) 10) text: Have you ever done any free- association writing, Cole? Beat.  Cole nods, "Yes."
24) 12) dialog: Words.
24) 14) dialog: Upset words. Beat.
24) 16) dialog: I don't remember. Malcolm watches him carefully.  Beat.  Malcolm waves the off casually.
24) 19) dialog: Something I want?
24) 22) dialog: Instead of something I want, can I  have something I don't want? Malcolm turns back to Cole.  Malcolm nods "Yes."  Beat.
24) 23) dialog: I don't want to be scared anymore. Cole's sad eyes stare up at Malcolm.
27) 7) dialog: They used to hang people here. Mr. Cunningham furrows his brow.  Beat.
27) 9) dialog: They'd pull the people in crying  and kissing their families bye...   People watching would spit at them. Beat.
27) 11) dialog: They were the ones who hanged  everybody. Mr. Cunningham chuckles.  Cole's face turns cement grey.
27) 13) dialog: I don't like people looking at me  like that.
27) 15) dialog: Stop it! Mr. Cunningham sees the traumatized expression on Cole's instantly stops smiling.
27) 17) dialog: You're a stuttering Stanley! Mr. Cunningham's face becomes still.  So does the classro
27) 19) dialog: You talked funny when you went to  school here.  You talked funny all  the way to high school! The class falls into stunned silence.  Mr. Cunningham tak involuntary step towards Cole's desk.
27) 21) dialog: You shouldn't laugh at people.  It  makes them feel bad. Mr. Cunningham moves closer to Cole.
27) 23) dialog: Stop looking at me. Cole covers his eyes with his hands.
27) 25) dialog: Stuttering Stanley!  Stuttering  Stanley!
27) 27) dialog: Stuttering Stanley!
27) 29) dialog: Stuttering Stanley!  Stuttering  Stanley!
27) 31) dialog: Stuttering--
28) 0) text: Cole is seated in the school library by himself.  He sits long center table near the windows.  His head is laying o folded arms on the table. Malcolm peeks his head in the door -- unsure if he's in t place.  He spots Cole and enters the room.  He silently t seat across from Cole.  The eight-year-old looks up.  Col are hard -- filled with anger.
28) 2) dialog: I don't want to talk about anything. Cole lowers his head.  Malcolm just sits and thinks.
28) 11) dialog: That isn't magic.
28) 13) dialog: You just kept the penny in that  hand the whole time...
28) 15) dialog: I didn't know you were funny.
28) 21) text: You're going to sound just like  them. Beat.  Cole's chin starts to tremble.  His voice cracks.
28) 22) dialog: (whispers)
28) 25) text: Promise. Malcolm and Cole sit in silence and listen to THE SOUND O CHILDREN PLAYING.
33) 0) text: Cole and an overweight boy named BOBBY are seated at a di table covered in colorful paper.  A stack of birthday pre are sitting on the table next to a cake. The house is filled with the SOUND OF CHILDREN PLAYING AN LAUGHING. Cole and the overweight boy are the only ones in the dini Bobby watches with a dull expression as Cole moves his ha circles in the air.
33) 1) dialog: ...Then you do the magic shake.   And now the penny moves from my  pocket all the way to the hand it  started in. Cole smiles and holds out his hand.  His fingers open to the penny. Bobby stares.
33) 3) dialog: It's supposed to be funny.
33) 6) dialog: (almost inaudible)
33) 10) dialog: (shaken)
34) 0) text: Cole sits alone in the corner of the living room.  The op kitchen doorway is next to him.  Inside the kitchen are L DARREN'S MOM speaking.  It's clear they're from different Lynn is wearing tight clothes with hair teased to dramati heights.  Darren's mom is in a designer suit.
34) 14) text: And I don't know what's wrong and  I don't know what to say. Lynn drowns in her thoughts.  Cole moves away from the ki with sad eyes.
35) 0) text: Cole walks past two expensively-dressed mothers eating ho d'oeuvres as they move down the hallway.
35) 10) dialog: Happy birthday, Darren.
35) 12) dialog: (too quick)
35) 13) text: --No. Beat.  Tommy looks to Darren and then back to Cole.
35) 15) dialog: ...Okay.
35) 18) dialog: Don't! Tommy slams the door closed.  Darren turns the lock.  The smiles at each other as Cole bangs on the door. The BANGING GOES ON FOR A FEW SECONDS AND THEN IT JUST ST SILENCE. Darren and Tommy look at each other and then back at the space door. Then THE SCREAMING BEGINS. Darren and Tommy back away from the door as COLE SCREAMS TERROR at the top of his lungs.  He CRASHES OVER AND OVER the door.  HIS BODY SLAMMING AGAINST THE WOOD.  The DOOR like it's going to break off its hinges. The two boys are statues as Cole's BLOOD-CHILLING YELLS F HALLWAY. FOOTSTEPS SPIKE THE AIR AS children and mothers come runn the hall.  Lynn is one of them. Darren's mother turns the corner.
37) 0) text: Cole lays rigid in the hospital bed.  Blankets bundled ar as if to shield him.  Cole's eyes fixed out the window. Malcolm quietly enters through the half-opened door to th Cole spots him.  Visibly relaxes.
37) 3) dialog: Yes. Malcolm looks at Cole.  Malcolm makes a decision.  He rol the chair across the room as he thinks.  Beat.
37) 6) dialog: Dr. Crowe.
37) 8) dialog: You haven't told bedtime stories  before?
37) 10) dialog: You have to add some twists and  stuff.  Maybe they run out of gas.
37) 12) dialog: Tell me a story about why you're  sad. Beat.
37) 15) dialog: Your eyes told me. Beat.  Malcolm's affected by his client.
37) 17) text: I'm not supposed to talk about  stuff like that. Cole smiles softly. Malcolm stares at the tired child sitting before him in t hospital bed. Malcolm rolls his stool away from his client as he thinks Beat.  He slowly moves the rolling chair closer to Cole's
37) 21) text: His wife doesn't like the person  he's become.  They don't speak  anymore.  They're like strangers. Malcolm breaks from his thoughts and looks at Cole who wa him with unwavering attention.  Malcolm smiles.
37) 24) dialog: Me too. Cole looks at Malcolm's caring eyes.  Cole stares at Malc long time. EVERYTHING THAT'S SAID FROM THIS POINT ON IS WHISPERED.
37) 25) dialog: I want to tell you my secret now. Malcolm blinks very slowly.
37) 27) dialog: ...I see people. Malcolm just gazes quietly.
37) 28) dialog: I see dead people...  Some of them  scare me. Beat.
37) 32) dialog: No, walking around, like regular  people...  They can't see each  other.  Some of them don't know  they're dead.
37) 34) dialog: I see ghosts. Malcolm becomes completely motionless.  Works to hide his He and Cole stare at each other a long time.
37) 35) dialog: They tell me stories...  Things  that happened to them...  Things  that happened to people they know. Beat.  Malcolm's words are extra-controlled.  Revealing n
37) 37) dialog: All the time.  They're everywhere. (beat)
37) 40) dialog: Will you stay here till I fall  asleep? Malcolm nods, "Yes."  Cole pulls the covers up to his chi turns to the window in the room.  Malcolm is very still a stares at Cole. MALCOLM'S EYES -- slowly turn and survey the room.  They nothing.  Malcolm returns to watching Cole.
39) 0) text: The STREETS TURN RED as Lynn drives home from the hospita silence.  She glances down to her right. Cole is curled up asleep on the passenger seat, back in h regular clothes, a tiny party hat clutched in his hand. like a four-year-old. The sight of him exhausted and still, hits Lynn hard. Lynn's face drowns in deep concern.  She lays a hand on C head as she drives.
40) 0) text: The front door opens, Lynn carries Cole in.  He's asleep shoulder.  She carries him down the hall to his BEDROOM. Lynn lays Cole gently on his bed next to his German Sheph Puppy.  Cole curls up with Sebastian. Lynn watches the two youngsters sleep for a moment.  Cole curled up asleep with a tiny party hat clutched in his ha looks like a four-year-old.  Lynn has been carrying Cole' sweater from over her shoulder.  She pulls it off and beg fold it.  Her attention is drawn to the sweater.  She fin fabric of the back.  IT'S RIPPED.  Her eyes move to Cole. middle of the back of his T-shirt are THREE SMALL TEARS. pushes the fabric open with her fingers and sees DEEP FIN LIKE SCRATCHES on his skin. Lynn looks around helplessly, fear creeping into her eyes
41) 0) text: Lynn emerges from Cole's room.  She turns OFF THE HALL LI she moves into her room and closes the door. WE HEAR LYNN PICK UP A PHONE AND DIAL.  Beat.
43) 1) text: An unnatural silence fills each room of the house. The thermostat on the wall now reads, fifty-two degrees. A LIGHT TURNS ON FROM UNDER COLE'S DOOR. The door opens a crack.  Cole's tiny face peeks out.  Eye the darkness. The door opens a little bit more.  Cole's knees are press together.  His body dances a little.  Cole has to pee.  H cautiously into the hall. Cole moves briskly to a door halfway down the corridor. it.  Cole turns on the LIGHT IN THE BATHROOM. He checks behind the shower curtain, before he turns his pees into the toilet. A LARGE FIGURE MOVES PAST THE DOORWAY. Cole instantly stops peeing.  His body becomes very still slowly reaches for the toilet handle and flushes.  He clo pants and turns.  He doesn't come out of the bathroom at He just stands there and stares into the darkness of the HIS BREATH FORMS TINY CLOUDS IN THE COLD AIR. Beat.  Cole finally steps out into the hallway.  His eyes SLANT OF LIGHT now coming from the kitchen. Cole hesitates before being drawn to the kitchen.  He mov the hall and turns the corner -- coming to a stop in the of the kitchen.
44) 0) text: Cole stares at the back of a person cooking food on the s Cole's fear slowly fades away.  Beat.
44) 1) dialog: Momma? (beat)
45) 0) text: Cole turns and runs down the hall. 
46) 0) text: Cole runs across his room. He heads right for the homemade tent seated in the corner the "DO NOT TOUCH" sign on it.  He scurries in.  His legs disappear as the bedsheets flap closed behind him. The crazed woman stands at the end of the hall.  Doesn't closer.
47) 0) text: Cole is curled up in the tent.  He lays still for a momen reaching over and FLICKING ON A FLASHLIGHT. The red interior of the tent gets LIP UP. It's a striking sight.  The bedsheet walls of the tent ar with religious pictures taped to the walls.  Tiny statues saints surround the interior perimeter.  We see the statu stole from the church is in here...  This tent is a sanct made by an eight-year-old to hide in.
49) 0) text: The arched halls of the private school are lined with pos drawings and test papers. Cole and Malcolm walk down an empty hall.
49) 1) dialog: Did you think the play sucked big  time?
49) 3) dialog: Tommy Tammisimo acted in a cough  syrup commercial.  He thought  everybody was self-conscious and  unrealistic.  He said the play  sucked big time.
49) 6) dialog: Cats?
50) 0) text: It's a large shadowy GYM.  Climbing ropes hang from the w beamed ceiling. Cole is trembling slightly as he stands next to Malcolm.
50) 3) dialog: Be real still. Malcolm looks to Cole and then turns back to the ceiling. Malcolm's body becomes very still.  Beat.
50) 4) dialog: Sometimes you feel it inside.   Like you're falling down real fast,  but you're really just standing  still. Malcolm looks at the wood beams and climbing ropes.
50) 5) dialog: You ever feel prickly things on the  back of your neck? Beat.
50) 7) dialog: And the tiny hairs on your arm.   Are they all standing up? Malcolm glances at Cole.  Surprise on his face.
50) 9) dialog: (whispers)
50) 14) text: Cole? Malcolm turns back to Cole, he finds the child with tears eyes.  Cole looks at Malcolm desperately.
50) 15) dialog: Please make them leave. Malcolm stares helplessly.
50) 17) text: I'm working on it. Malcolm gently leads Cole away from the stairs. COLE GLANCES BACK AS HE MOVES OUT OF THE STAIRWELL. COLE'S P.O.V. -- The ropes and school banners dangling at of the stairs sways a little...  But so do THE THREE BODI HANGING BY THEIR NECKS FROM A WOODEN BEAM. It's a truly horrific sight.  A BLACK MAN in britches and shirt, face beaten to a pulp, hangs in the center.  A WHI in a torn white frilly dress -- tears soaking her face, h the right.  A small MIXED RACE CHILD in half pants, hangs their left.  The family stares at Cole.  They follow Cole their tortured eyes as he exits the stairwell.
53) 3) text: Mommy, my throat hurts. Cole watches as Tommy's T.V. mother and father give him a spoonful of medicine.
53) 5) text: Pediaease Cough Suppressant...   gentle, fast, effective. Cole watches Tommy running around in his T.V. background, very next T.V. morning.  He's not sick anymore.  Tommy wa the camera smiling and healthy.  The T.V. goes BLACK as C throws his shoe at the power button. He moves to the dinner table where Lynn is seated.  Cole His hands go on the table.  He's wearing a pair of his fa extra large LEATHER GLOVES.  Cole's small hands don't eve the palm area.  Cole has difficulty trying to pick up his glass with the gloves.
53) 13) dialog: You'd cry.  Cause you miss grandma  so much.
53) 16) dialog: Sometimes people think they lose  things and they didn't really lose  them.  It just gets moved.
53) 19) dialog: Don't get mad.
53) 24) dialog: (soft)
53) 25) text: Maybe. Lynn just stares at Cole.
53) 30) text: Now baby, tell me...  I won't be  mad, honey...  Did you take the  bumble bee pendant? Beat.  Cole's eyes start to water up.
53) 31) dialog: No. Lynn goes cold.
53) 34) text: Go! Cole gets up -- never taking his eyes off his mother -- a leaves the room.
54) 0) text: Cole enters the DARK HALLWAY.  He gets startled by the SO HIS PUPPY GROWLING. Sebastian comes racing down the hall and scurries past Co Cole watches his puppy dart into the living room and unde couch. Cole slowly turns back and looks down the hall. THE DOOR TO COLE'S ROOM SITS AT THE END OF THE CORRIDOR.
55) 0) text: Lynn is kneeling on the kitchen floor trying to coax the out of the broom closet. COLE (o.s.)
55) 2) dialog: If you're not very mad...  Can I  sleep in your room tonight? Lynn fights back some tears.
55) 8) text: ...Please tell me. Cole doesn't say a word.
59) 0) text: Lynn and Cole emerge from the supermarket. Cole rides inside the shopping cart tucked between bags o Mother and son are quiet as they move towards their car. Beat. Lynn leans over, looks at the side of her son's pensive f She starts pushing the cart faster.  Cole wakes from his as his hair flutters in the wind.  He looks back.  Lynn i smiling as she pushes.  Cole turns and raises his hands i air like he's on a roller coaster. Beat. They slow and come to a rest at the bumper of their car. leans over -- sees the side of Cole's face smiling. Lynn's face shows a little happiness for the first time. little hope enters her eyes as she starts to load the gro into the car.
60) 0) text: Cole and Lynn ride home with a back seat full of grocerie Cole finishes off a cherry popsicle as he watches out the Lynn looks over.
60) 4) dialog: (yells)
61) 0) text: The den is very quiet.  Cole and Malcolm sit around the m colored table.  Malcolm leans back in his small plastic c arms folded over his chest.  Cole sits slumped over the t eyes peering out over his arms. They both look like shit.
61) 1) dialog: You don't wanna ask me questions  today? Malcolm nods, "No."  Beat.
61) 2) dialog: Can I ask you then?
61) 4) dialog: What do you want more than anything?
61) 6) dialog: I told you what I want.
61) 8) dialog: Why don't you think about it for a  while? Malcolm doesn't respond.  Cole watches him.  Beat.
61) 11) dialog: (soft)
61) 15) text: I haven't given my family enough  attention.  Bad things happen when  you do that.  Do you understand? The room falls into silence again.  Cole speaks extra sof
61) 16) dialog: You want to go home? Malcolm stares across at Cole.
61) 18) dialog: When?
61) 21) dialog: (whispers)
61) 24) dialog: Don't give up.  You're the only one  who can help me.  I know it. Beat.  Malcolm tries to stay composed.  It doesn't work.
61) 26) text: Do you know what that means? Cole shake his head, "No."  Tears fall down Malcolm's che
61) 27) dialog: Don't cry.
61) 30) dialog: You weren't a paper champion.
61) 32) dialog: Dr. Crowe?
61) 34) dialog: You believe me, right? A long pause.
61) 35) dialog: Dr. Crowe, you believe my secret,  right? They both just stare.
61) 37) dialog: How can you help me if you don't  believe me? Cole reaches into his pocket.  Pulls out a PENNY. Cole pushes it across the table. Malcolm gazes at it, then looks up at Cole's pained eyes. Beat.
61) 38) dialog: (whispers)
65) 0) text: Malcolm moves to the front of the church down the center His eyes scan the empty seats.  No one in sight in any di Malcolm stands in the aisle a little out of breath.  He h hand to his side as he winces a bit. Malcolm's eyes float up to the balcony where toy soldiers the bannister.  Cole's head pops up.
65) 2) dialog: You been running around? Malcolm nods, "Yes."
65) 3) dialog: It makes you feel better? Malcolm nods, "Yes" again.
65) 4) dialog: I like to run around.  It's good  exercise. (beat)
65) 6) dialog: You want to be a lance corporal in  Company M, 3rd Battalion, 7th  Marines?  We're being dispatched to  the Quang Nam province. Cole holds up his plastic rifleman.  Malcolm's eyes show understands now.
65) 8) dialog: Something happened, didn't it?
65) 10) dialog: Are you wigging out?
65) 12) dialog: We're not gonna start crying again,  are we?
65) 14) dialog: What happened? Beat. Malcolm glances around the empty church before looking ba Cole.
65) 16) dialog: You really look better.
65) 19) dialog: You have nice red in your cheeks now.
65) 23) dialog: No.
65) 25) dialog: Just help.
65) 27) dialog: You believe now? Malcolm's stare is unwavering.
65) 30) dialog: You do? Malcolm nods "Yes."
65) 33) text: Everyone wants to be heard.   Everyone. Cole takes a big sigh.  Fiddles with his riflemen.
65) 34) dialog: What if they don't want help?  What  if they're just angry and they want  to hurt somebody?
65) 36) dialog: How do you know for sure? Malcolm's eyes are drawn to Cole's arm.  Peeking out from his shirt sleeve are a set of cuts.  Malcolm gazes at the
68) 0) text: The house is silent.  No movement. Cole is in his pajamas asleep on the floor of the TENT. Curled up next to him is Sebastian.  They sleep surrounde statues and pictures. Cole's eyes open as he hears HIS MOTHER'S DISTANT VOICE.
68) 2) text: Cole, what's happening... Cole quickly gets up and rushes out of the tent.  His foo catches one of the chairs the tent is fastened to.  He st out.  He doesn't realize one of the bedsheets comes loose folds to the ground.
70) 0) text: Cole stands in the doorway to his mother's bedroom.  He l over the room carefully.  Everything is still. Lynn's room is sparse.  No paintings, no accessaries.  A without a frame sits in the corner.  A table with a sewin machine fills the other side of the room. HIS MOTHER'S VOICE turns his attention back to the bed.
70) 3) dialog: (whispers)
70) 4) text: Momma, you sleep now. His touch seems to have an effect.  Lynn becomes still in sleep.  Cole watches her carefully.
71) 0) text: Cole closes the door to his mother's bedroom shut.  He st still in the hallway.  Lets out a heavy sigh... HIS BREATH ROLLS IN A TINY CLOUD IN FRONT OF HIM. Cole's brow furrows.  He breathes again.  This time  intentionally.  Watches as his breath materializes in the suddenly ice cold air. Every muscle in Cole's eight-year-old body becomes rigid. takes a second before moving through the inky darkness of hall.
72) 0) text: Cole hurries to fix his tent.  He ties the collapsed beds a knot on the edge of the chair.  He checks it carefully entering the tent.
73) 0) text: When Cole turns around, he stops breathing. AN EIGHT-YEAR-OLD GIRL VOMITS ON HERSELF IN HIS TENT.  Sh finishes and looks up at Cole with drawn eyes.
74) 0) text: Cole runs hard out of his bedroom and down the hall to th room.  He gets down to the ground and slides under the wo legged couch. Sebastian is already huddled in fear under the couch.  Co presses as far back as he can and waits. COLE'S P.O.V. -- is of the living room floor.  Chair legs Coffee table base.  Rugs...  Everything is still. Cole holds his breath.  He waits.  Beat.  Nothing happens takes his first short breaths and watches the room for an of movement.
75) 0) text: A few minutes later.  Cole is now standing in his doorway stares at the hunched figure covered by the collapsed ten BEAT.  Cole makes a decision.  He looks like he is going fights it back. He walks towards it.  Reaches down and slowly pulls the s the figure.  The girl vomits one more time before looking Cole.
75) 2) dialog: Do you want to tell me something?
76) 0) text: A downtown Septa public bus.  Malcolm and Cole are among spattering of passengers. They're both wearing suits. Cole leans his head against the glass of the scratched wi Cole's large eyes drink in the passing scenery. COLE'S P.O.V. -- A dark, abandoned building stretches for entire block on one side.  A MAN IN A GREY, FULL-BODIED U
76) 8) dialog: She came a long way to visit me,  didn't she?
77) 0) text: A modest home sits on a corner.  Its small lawn, groomed  carefully.  Rows of parked cars spill out from the drivew the streets. People in suits and dark dresses move somberly in and out front door of the home. Cole and Malcolm join the visitors as they walk slowly to the doors. A frail, little girl about four years of age sits in a da on the swings in front of the house.  Visitors say hello as they pass.  She doesn't say anything back.
79) 0) text: The narrow hall is lined with boxes of medical supplies. stands, sterile needles and pads are in the process of be taken away.  The boxes are piled outside a closed bedroom Cole stares at the shut door like he doesn't want to go i eyes move to the large, colorful map of the world that do hallway wall.  He gazes at the many countries and contine Beat.
79) 1) dialog: I wish I were somewhere else.
79) 3) text: Where will you go, where no one has  died? Cole stares at the map and then turns to Malcolm.
79) 4) dialog: Don't go home, okay?
80) 0) text: Cole closes the door behind him.  He turns and gazes at t girl's bedroom.  There's a hospital bed near the window. walls are covered with get-well cards and drawings from f friends, and school children. Her shelves are filled with puppets.  All shapes and size puppets.  Next to the shelf is a puppet stage and a camco a mini tripod sitting next to it. Cole walks to the shelf and picks up a FINGER PUPPET DANC places it in his pocket. On the girl's desk, is a large collection of video casset The labels read, "Puppet Show Christmas 96," "Puppet Show Birthday party," "Puppet Show class trip"... Cole reads the labels carefully before moving towards the closets.  He passes the bed.
81) 0) text: The room is thick with mourners.  Most are gathered aroun GIRL'S MOTHER, a young woman in her late twenties.  As sh through the room to the kitchen, she receives the many ca hugs, and flowers that are offered as condolence.  Mrs. C leaves the living room. Malcolm watches breathlessly from the doorway as Cole mov through the many adults across the room. The girl's father, MR. COLLINS, a thin man in his late tw is seated on the reading chair next to a T.V.  His face i granite.  No one in the room dares to talk to him.  He st statue-like at an abstract point in the room.
81) 1) dialog: Mister? The man doesn't react.  Some of the guests look oddly at little boy standing before the man.
81) 2) dialog: Excuse me, Mister. Beat.  The man slowly turns and looks down at the boy sta next to him.  Cole is very shaky. Malcolm watches everything anxiously. Cole stares at Mr. Collins.
81) 3) dialog: Are you Kyra's daddy? The man's face begins to crumble.  Beat.  He nods, "yes" Cole holds out the jewelry box.  It trembles with his han The father just stares at it.  Beat.
81) 4) dialog: It's for you... (beat)
81) 5) text: She wanted to tell you something. The father becomes very still.  His eyes fill with a stor confusion and pain.  After the longest time, the father r and gently takes the box out of Cole's small hands. Cole begins to back away... The father gazes at Cole as he melts into the crowd.  Col reaches Malcolm and the two then slip out of the house. The father looks down in a daze.  He goes to open the jew box.  His movements are slow and strained.  He lifts the and open the box. Mr. Collins stares at an unlabeled video cassette.
84) 0) text: Cole sits on the swings next to Kyra's four-year-old sist doesn't look up. Malcolm waits in the driveway.  Watches them from a dista Cole reaches into his pocket and pulls out the little FIN PUPPET.  He holds it out.
84) 1) dialog: You liked it, she said. The four-year-old stares at the finger puppet, then quiet it in her small hands. The two children don't say anything for a while.  Malcolm to the house, where all movements in and out of the home ceased. Cole turns to the four-year-old.
84) 2) dialog: She watched out for you. The little girl finally looks up.  She has the saddest ey FOUR YEAR OLD
84) 4) dialog: Not anymore. The little girl stares down at the finger puppet.  Cole l places a hand on her shoulder. Nothing else is said.  Nothing else is done. Malcolm looks across the two children on the swings.  One mourning.  One consoling. Malcolm takes it in, overwhelmed.
85) 0) text: Stanley Cunningham moves between two curtains and comes t room door in the back.  He puts an ear to the door, liste then knocks.  After a second, he enters. Mr. Cunningham finds Cole sitting in a poor villager cost FEMALE TEACHER kneels next to him and makes final adjustm Cole and the woman glance at Mr. Cunningham.
85) 7) dialog: Thanks for giving me this part, Mr.  Cunningham. Mr. Cunningham smiles.
85) 10) dialog: I know.
88) 0) text: Malcolm moves quickly to a set of double doors and opens He steps into the DARKNESS OF THE AUDITORIUM. The play is in full swing...  Cole and a large group of c children are on stage.  Cole holds a broom and wears a wo costume.  He stands to the side -- hidden by others. A boy in a shiny-armored costume walks to the center of t where a large cardboard stone is seated.  A sparkling HAN sticks out of the top. The armored boy tries to lift it.  It won't budge. Bobby, the chubby boy from the party, is dressed in a mag costume.  He is Merlin.  He steps forward.
89) 0) text: The rain comes down a little stronger now on the stained window. Malcolm sits on the stairs in the lobby.  Cole walks back forth in front of him.  Cole still holds the sword from t
89) 1) dialog: How come we're so quiet? Malcolm shrugs his shoulders.
89) 4) dialog: Maybe. Cole keeps moving.  Beat.
89) 5) dialog: I'm not going to see you anymore,  am I? Malcolm doesn't respond for a while.  He shakes his head, Beat.
89) 7) dialog: Really?
89) 9) dialog: What?
89) 11) dialog: ...Maybe we can pretend we're going  to see each other tomorrow? Cole glances at Malcolm.
89) 12) dialog: Just for pretend. Beat.  Malcolm exhales very slowly as he gets up.
89) 14) dialog: (soft)
90) 0) text: A rain-soaked bridge.  A two-lane road merges to one lane a severe car accident.  A rear-ended car has jumped the s and hit the guard rail of the bridge.  The driver is help by police.  He's shaken but okay.  Police flares guide th as they crawl by. Lynn and Cole are standing still in bumper-to-bumper traf Lynn leans her chin on the steering wheel.  She tries to through the layer of water on the glass.  She hits the wi wipers.
90) 3) text: You're mad I missed the play,  aren't you? Cole shakes his head, "No."
90) 6) dialog: I'm ready to communicate with you  now. Beat.
90) 8) dialog: Tell you my secrets. The way he says the words gives Lynn a chill.
90) 10) dialog: You know that accident up there?
90) 13) dialog: Someone got hurt.
90) 15) dialog: A lady.  She died.
90) 18) dialog: Yes. Lynn gazes out the windshield at the line of red tail lig Beat.
90) 20) dialog: Standing next to my window.
90) 24) dialog: They scare me too sometimes.
90) 26) dialog: Dead people.
90) 28) dialog: Ghosts. Beat.
90) 30) dialog: They want me to do things for them.
90) 33) dialog: What are you thinking, Momma?
90) 35) dialog: You think I'm a freak? Lynn's eyes moves to Cole.
90) 38) dialog: Got it. BEAT.  Cole smiles a tiny smile.  Lynn glances down.
90) 40) dialog: Grandma says hi. Lynn looks up sharply.
90) 41) dialog: She says she's sorry for taking the  bumble bee pendant.  She just likes  it a lot.
90) 43) dialog: Grandma comes to visit me sometimes. Lynn becomes still.  Her face is unreadable.  When she sp her words are extremely controlled.
90) 45) dialog: I know. Beat.
90) 46) dialog: She wanted me to tell you--
90) 48) text: Cole, please stop.
90) 49) dialog: She wanted me to tell you, she saw  you dance. Lynn's eyes lock on Cole's.
90) 50) dialog: She said when you were little, you  and her had a fight right before  your dance recital.  You thought  she didn't come to see you dance.   She did. Lynn brings her hands to her mouth.
90) 51) dialog: She hid in the back so you wouldn't  see...  She said you were like an  angel. Lynn begins to cry.
90) 52) dialog: She said, you came to her where  they buried her.  Asked her a  question...  She said the answer is  "Everyday." Lynn covers her face with her hands.  The tears roll out her fingers.
90) 53) dialog: (whispers)
90) 56) text: Do I make her proud? Cole moves closer to Lynn.  She cradles him in her arms. and son hold each other tight.