12) 0) text: A hand turns off a radio, shutting off the morning news. A small dog with two different colored eyes sticks his he of the dryer, where he plays with the newly-dried clothes LYNN SEAR reaches in and pulls out a blouse. She shakes it in the air and slips it on as she dresses h for work. Lynn is a woman in her late twenties.  One hundred percen Philly.  Hair teased.  She chews on an early morning piec Trident.  Under all of it, Lynn Sear is an attractive and sweet-looking young woman. Lynn enters THE KITCHEN through a swinging door. A bowl of cereal and milk sit on a table in an empty kitc Lynn stares at a handful of kitchen CABINETS and DRAWERS open. Lynn shakes her head.
12) 1) dialog: Cole. She closes them one at a time before moving to the coffee Lynn shivers a little.  She leans over the thermostat and the heat.  She returns to her post at the coffee machine. TINY FOOTSTEPS. Lynn turns to see Cole standing in his private school uni
12) 2) dialog: Your Cocoa Puffs are getting soggy. Lynn walks over to Cole.  Checks his tie.
12) 3) dialog: You got a spot. Lynn unclips the tie.  Cole takes a seat at the kitchen t Lynn walks back into the laundry room. The dog is gone now.  Lynn reaches into the dryer, diggin new tie.  She finds one, then turns and steps back into t kitchen and SCREAMS AT THE TOP OF HER LUNGS. Every cabinet and every drawer is wide open. Cole sits at the kitchen table.  His hands are pressed fl the tabletop. He looks shaken. Neither says anything for a beat.
12) 4) dialog: (shaken)
12) 7) text: Pop Tarts. Lynn looks over to the open cabinet near the sink.  The p are clearly visible.
12) 8) dialog: They're right here.
12) 11) dialog: Lots of things.
12) 13) dialog: Look at my face. Cole does.
12) 14) dialog: I wasn't thinking anything bad  about you, got it? He looks at her eyes.  Beat.
12) 18) dialog: Don't you want this? Cole turns to see Lynn holding the pop tarts.  He walks b takes them from her before leaving. Beat.  Lynn glances to the kitchen table.  Her gaze stops TWO TINY HAND PRINTS OF SWEAT formed on the table's surfa Lynn stands motionless in the kitchen.  She looks up and her arms around her shivering shoulders.
13) 0) text: TOMMY TAMMISIMO is a tough-looking, eight-year-old Italia who waits at the bottom of Cole's brownstone stairs in hi uniform.  Cole emerges from the brownstone and moves down the steps Lynn's face appears in the kitchen window. The two boys begin their walk down the street to school. puts his arm around Cole.  Lynn waves.  Cole waves back. When the two boys turn the corner and are out of Lynn's s Tommy rips his arm away.
15) 0) text: The front door CREAKS open as Cole walks in after school. looks around before closing the door.  His eyes stop on L seated in the open doorway of the den.  Malcolm is seated her.  They both look up. Lynn comes out.  She reaches Cole -- kneels down in front
15) 1) dialog: (whispers)
15) 3) dialog: (whispers)
15) 5) dialog: (whispers)
15) 7) dialog: (whispers)
15) 11) text: I was picked first for kickball  teams at recess.  I hit a grand  slam to win the game and everyone  lifted me up on their shoulders and  carried me around cheering. Cole and Lynn smile at each other.  Beat. Lynn tries to hide the utter sadness behind her smile.
15) 12) dialog: I'll make triangle pancakes.  You  got an hour. Lynn takes Cole's school bag and jacket before moving to kitchen.
22) 0) text: Lynn holds a laundry basket on her hip as she fiddles wit thermostat in the hall.  The house is cold.  Lynn wears a jacket in the house. Lynn turns and moves into the shadowy hallway.  No lights house seems somewhat ominous.  Beat. Lynn's eyes dart to an open guest room like she just saw  something.  She stares in the doorway until a SOUND TURNS THE DIRECTION OF THE FAMILY ROOM. She picks up balled-up boy's sweat socks and dirty T-shir laying on the carpet.  When she reaches the end of the ha HITS A LIGHT SWITCH.  The hall LIGHTS UP REVEALING A WALL PHOTOS.  Lynn forms a tiny smile. Snapshots of Cole and Lynn's life hang before her eyes. Cole's birthday parties...  Lynn and Cole at an amusement Cole under the Christmas tree...  Cole on Lynn's shoulder pool...  Cole with a group of neighbors at a barbecue... Lynn takes a step forward.  Lynn's face betrays the fact notices something she never noticed before.  She touches of three-year-old Cole.
23) 0) text: Lynn moves into Cole's room with the laundry basket balan her hip.  The Walkman headphones on her head blares A MUF TECHNO DANCE BEAT.  Lynn starts picking clothes up around room. This bedroom is an eerie place.  The shadows seem to make and figures.  All the furniture is wood -- old fashioned. lamps, the paintings on the wall -- antiques as well. The most striking feature of the room, however, is the ho tent created from bedsheets and blankets tied to chairs a bureaus.  It takes up a large corner of the room. A sign hangs over the bedsheets.
34) 0) text: Cole sits alone in the corner of the living room.  The op kitchen doorway is next to him.  Inside the kitchen are L DARREN'S MOM speaking.  It's clear they're from different Lynn is wearing tight clothes with hair teased to dramati heights.  Darren's mom is in a designer suit.
34) 1) dialog: ...He doesn't get invited places.
34) 3) dialog: The last time was a Chuck E. Cheese  party a year ago.  He hid in one of  those purple plastic tunnels and  didn't come out.
34) 5) dialog: Cheese.  It's a kid's place. Darren's mom smiles formally and turns to give the cateri people instructions on how to lay out the food on her ste silver trays.
34) 6) dialog: He's my whole life. Darren's mom turns back to Lynn, the forced smile on her
34) 7) dialog: I work at an insurance place and at  Penny's, so Cole can go to that  good school.
34) 11) dialog: I wish I could be like my momma  though.  She always knew what was  wrong.  Knew just what to say. Darren's mom glances at her expensive watch.
34) 12) dialog: Cole's going through something bad.   He won't talk to me. (beat)
34) 14) text: And I don't know what's wrong and  I don't know what to say. Lynn drowns in her thoughts.  Cole moves away from the ki with sad eyes.
35) 20) dialog: Cole! Lynn and Darren's mom rush to the door and turn the knob. door flies open.  Lynn reaches in and pulls out Cole.  He UNCONSCIOUS. Darren's mom looks into the crawl space -- there's nothin except a couple packing boxes in the back.  She looks to She turns around with Cole in her arms.
35) 21) dialog: (desperate whispers)
36) 0) text: Colorful murals don the curved walls of the pediatric rec area. A spattering of children accompanied by adults sit and wa Lynn and Malcolm are seated at a children's play table. made of a maze of wires sit on the table in front of them A young resident DR. HILL takes a seat at the table with He opens up his notes.
36) 2) dialog: What's wrong with Cole? Beat.
36) 5) dialog: What is it?
36) 8) dialog: Those are from sports, from playing.   He's not the most coordinated kid,  but I don't want him to stop trying,  you know what I mean? Doctor Hill gestures to the woman standing near the doorw
36) 10) dialog: You think I hurt my child? (emotional)
36) 14) dialog: You want me to answer your  questions?
36) 17) dialog: Who's going to answer mine, you  dick. Dr. Hill stares at her before closing up his files.
36) 18) dialog: (raising voice)
36) 20) dialog: Something was happening to him -- physically happening.  Something  was very wrong. Dr. Hill hands his files to MRS. SLOAN and exits the rece room without looking back. Everyone in the reception room stares at Lynn.  Mrs. Sloa up to the table and waits. Lynn takes a second.  Wipes her eyes.  Gathers her consid strength.  Beat.
36) 21) dialog: How long will these questions take?
39) 0) text: The STREETS TURN RED as Lynn drives home from the hospita silence.  She glances down to her right. Cole is curled up asleep on the passenger seat, back in h regular clothes, a tiny party hat clutched in his hand. like a four-year-old. The sight of him exhausted and still, hits Lynn hard. Lynn's face drowns in deep concern.  She lays a hand on C head as she drives.
40) 0) text: The front door opens, Lynn carries Cole in.  He's asleep shoulder.  She carries him down the hall to his BEDROOM. Lynn lays Cole gently on his bed next to his German Sheph Puppy.  Cole curls up with Sebastian. Lynn watches the two youngsters sleep for a moment.  Cole curled up asleep with a tiny party hat clutched in his ha looks like a four-year-old.  Lynn has been carrying Cole' sweater from over her shoulder.  She pulls it off and beg fold it.  Her attention is drawn to the sweater.  She fin fabric of the back.  IT'S RIPPED.  Her eyes move to Cole. middle of the back of his T-shirt are THREE SMALL TEARS. pushes the fabric open with her fingers and sees DEEP FIN LIKE SCRATCHES on his skin. Lynn looks around helplessly, fear creeping into her eyes
41) 0) text: Lynn emerges from Cole's room.  She turns OFF THE HALL LI she moves into her room and closes the door. WE HEAR LYNN PICK UP A PHONE AND DIAL.  Beat.
41) 1) dialog: Hi, this is Lynn Sear, Cole's  mother.  I wonder if we could  talk about your son and his  friends keeping their goddamn  hands off my boy? The thermostat on the wall reads seventy-eight degrees.
44) 2) text: Dream about daddy again? The person turns.  It's not Lynn.  It's a strange woman. woman's face is demented.  A purple gash cuts across her  forehead.  ALL THE CABINETS AND DRAWERS ARE OPEN BEHIND H
53) 0) text: Lynn adjusts the thermostat as she tries to keep herself
53) 1) dialog: I don't care what they say, this  thing is definitely broken. Lynn fiddles with the dials.  Cole is standing before the twelve inch kitchen T.V. ON THE TELEVISION SCREEN is Tommy Tammisimo.  He stands i pajamas in a doorway.  He coughs.
53) 5) text: Pediaease Cough Suppressant...   gentle, fast, effective. Cole watches Tommy running around in his T.V. background, very next T.V. morning.  He's not sick anymore.  Tommy wa the camera smiling and healthy.  The T.V. goes BLACK as C throws his shoe at the power button. He moves to the dinner table where Lynn is seated.  Cole His hands go on the table.  He's wearing a pair of his fa extra large LEATHER GLOVES.  Cole's small hands don't eve the palm area.  Cole has difficulty trying to pick up his glass with the gloves.
53) 6) dialog: Take 'em off. Cole removes the gloves from his hand and places them nex plate.
53) 7) dialog: I don't want them on my table. Cole moves them to the floor. Lynn is irritated, this is a sore point between them. Lynn and Cole eat quietly.  Beat.
53) 8) dialog: I saw what was in your bureau  drawer when I was cleaning. Cole looks up.  An anxious expression on his face.  Beat.
53) 9) dialog: You got something you want to  confess? Cole just stares.
53) 10) dialog: The bumble bee pendant.  Why do you  keep taking it? Cole looks down at his lap.
53) 11) dialog: It was Grandma's.  It's not for  playing. (beat)
53) 14) dialog: (soft)
53) 17) dialog: Did you move the bumble bee pendant? Cole shakes his head, "No."  Lynn just stares.
53) 18) dialog: You didn't take it before.  You  didn't take it the time after that.   And now, you didn't take it again?
53) 20) dialog: So who moved it? Cole doesn't answer.
53) 21) dialog: There's only two of us. (beat)
53) 25) text: Maybe. Lynn just stares at Cole.
53) 26) dialog: I'm so tired, Cole.  I'm tired in  my body.  I'm tired in my mind.   I'm tired in my heart.  I need a  little help here. (beat)
53) 27) text: I don't know if you noticed -- but  our little family isn't doing so  good. Lynn folds her napkin quietly.
53) 28) dialog: I'm praying for us, but I must not  be praying right. (beat)
53) 32) dialog: You've had enough roast beef.  You  need to leave the table. Cole just stares at his mother's expression.
53) 33) dialog: (yells)
55) 0) text: Lynn is kneeling on the kitchen floor trying to coax the out of the broom closet. COLE (o.s.)
55) 1) text: Momma. Lynn turns -- surprised to hear her son's voice.  Lynn's red from crying.  She wipes them quickly with the back of hand. Mother and son look at each other.  Beat.
55) 3) dialog: Look at my face, Cole. Cole does.  Lynn smiles at her son.
55) 4) dialog: I'm not very mad. Lynn hugs him.  Beat.
55) 5) dialog: Baby...  Why are you shaking? Cole doesn't answer.
55) 6) dialog: Cole, what's wrong? Cole just closes his eyes and holds his mom tight.
55) 7) dialog: (desperate)
55) 9) dialog: (crying)
59) 0) text: Lynn and Cole emerge from the supermarket. Cole rides inside the shopping cart tucked between bags o Mother and son are quiet as they move towards their car. Beat. Lynn leans over, looks at the side of her son's pensive f She starts pushing the cart faster.  Cole wakes from his as his hair flutters in the wind.  He looks back.  Lynn i smiling as she pushes.  Cole turns and raises his hands i air like he's on a roller coaster. Beat. They slow and come to a rest at the bumper of their car. leans over -- sees the side of Cole's face smiling. Lynn's face shows a little happiness for the first time. little hope enters her eyes as she starts to load the gro into the car.
60) 0) text: Cole and Lynn ride home with a back seat full of grocerie Cole finishes off a cherry popsicle as he watches out the Lynn looks over.
60) 1) dialog: Let's rent a movie. Cole bites off the last of the popsicle and glances at hi
60) 2) dialog: Your pick. Cole stares at his mom quietly.
60) 3) dialog: It can even have Jean Claude Van  Damme in it if you want. Cole smiles at that.  He nods, "Yes" joyfully.   His smile fades away as he notices his mother fiddling wi HEATER controls.   Cole gazes out the front windshield as the car moves towa Suddenly a piece of paper sticks to the windshield.  It's from a Playbill.  A 1941 Playbill.  It flies away reveali woman in a flowing flowery dress from the 40's suddenly w into the middle of the street as the pages of her Playbil in the air.
60) 5) text: Momma, look out! The woman in the flowery dress turns.  Her hand rests on stomach.  WE SEE SHE IS PREGNANT. Playbills stick to the windshield obstructing the view. Lynn slams the brakes...  Too late.
68) 1) dialog: Cole... (beat)
70) 0) text: Cole stands in the doorway to his mother's bedroom.  He l over the room carefully.  Everything is still. Lynn's room is sparse.  No paintings, no accessaries.  A without a frame sits in the corner.  A table with a sewin machine fills the other side of the room. HIS MOTHER'S VOICE turns his attention back to the bed.
70) 1) dialog: Cole, what's happening to you? Cole looks down and finds his mother laying in her bed. contorted in deep sadness as she speaks in her sleep.
70) 2) dialog: Is someone hurting you?...  I'll  beat their asses. Cole smiles at his mother as he moves to her side.  Touch face with his tiny fingers.
70) 4) text: Momma, you sleep now. His touch seems to have an effect.  Lynn becomes still in sleep.  Cole watches her carefully.
90) 0) text: A rain-soaked bridge.  A two-lane road merges to one lane a severe car accident.  A rear-ended car has jumped the s and hit the guard rail of the bridge.  The driver is help by police.  He's shaken but okay.  Police flares guide th as they crawl by. Lynn and Cole are standing still in bumper-to-bumper traf Lynn leans her chin on the steering wheel.  She tries to through the layer of water on the glass.  She hits the wi wipers.
90) 1) dialog: I hope nobody got hurt. Beat.  Lynn glances over to Cole who sits in his seat sil
90) 2) dialog: You're very quiet. (beat)
90) 4) dialog: I have two jobs, baby.  You know  how important they are for us. Beat.
90) 5) dialog: I'd give anything to have been  there.
90) 7) dialog: Communicate?
90) 9) dialog: What is it? Cole takes a long time.
90) 11) dialog: (confused)
90) 14) dialog: They did?
90) 16) dialog: Oh my God. Lynn leans over the steering wheel.  She wipes the windsh with her palm to see better.
90) 17) dialog: You can see her?
90) 19) dialog: Where is she?
90) 23) dialog: Cole, you're scaring me.
90) 25) dialog: They?
90) 27) dialog: Dead people?
90) 29) dialog: You see ghosts, Cole?
90) 31) dialog: They talk to you? Cole nods, "Yes."
90) 32) dialog: They tell you to do things? Cole nods "Yes" again.  Lynn becomes upset.  She nods wit understanding.  Cole watches her.
90) 34) dialog: ...I don't know.
90) 36) dialog: Look at my face. Cole gazes at her intense expression.
90) 37) dialog: I would never think that about you ...  ever... Got it?
90) 39) dialog: Just let me think for a second. She drowns in her thoughts.  Beat.
90) 42) dialog: What?
90) 44) dialog: Cole, that's very wrong.  Grandma's  gone.  You know that.
90) 47) dialog: (soft)
90) 54) text: What did you ask? Beat.  Lynn looks at her son.  She barely gets the words
90) 55) dialog: (crying)
90) 56) text: Do I make her proud? Cole moves closer to Lynn.  She cradles him in her arms. and son hold each other tight.