1) 0) text: Two place settings are arranged on the living room coffee Take-out Chinese food sits half eaten on good china.  An bottle of red wine sits between boxes of Chinese food. Anna arrives with the backup bottle and is now wearing a She hands a collegiate rowing team sweatshirt to Malcolm.
1) 2) dialog: That's one fine frame.  A fine  frame it is. Malcolm points to the HUGE FRAMED CERTIFICATE propped up dining room chair.  It's printed on aged parchment-type p The frame is a polished mahogany. He slips on the sweatshirt.
1) 3) dialog: How much does a fine frame like  that cost, you think? Anna hands the backup bottle over to Malcolm.
1) 5) text: I've never told you...  but you  sound a little like Dr. Seuss when  you're drunk. Malcolm uncorks the wine and starts pouring in the empty
1) 6) dialog: Anna, I'm serious.  Serious I am,  Anna. Anna giggles.  She's clearly buzzed herself.  Malcolm doe it.  Anna takes a few calming sips of her wine.  Her atte slowly moves to the framed certificate.
1) 8) dialog: Three?  We should hock it.  Buy a  C.D. rack for the bedroom.
1) 11) dialog: Do I really sound like Dr. Seuss? Anna ignores Malcolm and clears her throat.  She leans fo her seat and reads the certificate out loud as Malcolm tr tickle her.
1) 14) dialog: We can keep it in the bathroom. Anna turns to Malcolm.  He smiles.
1) 15) dialog: It's not real, Anna.  Some  secretary wrote that up.  Don't  tell me you thought it was real? Anna's expression becomes serious.
1) 16) dialog: What? She just keeps staring.  Beat.
1) 17) dialog: Don't do the quiet thing.  You know  I hate it. Beat.
1) 21) dialog: Thank you. Anna leans towards him.  They hold each other tight.  Bea
1) 22) dialog: What are we hugging about again? Anna laughs as she wipes her eyes.
1) 24) dialog: I would like some red wine in a  glass. Anna hands him his glass.  He stares at it.
1) 25) dialog: I would not like it in a mug.  I  would not like it in a jug. Malcolm looks at Anna surprised at what he said.  They cr laughing.  THEIR SWEET LAUGHTER FILLS THE HOUSE.
2) 1) dialog: Bulb's out. Anna giggles some more as Malcolm's shadow stumbles acros bedroom.
2) 5) dialog: Anna, don't move.  Don't say a word. Anna barely nods her understanding.
2) 6) dialog: (to the stranger)
2) 7) text: This is forty-seven Locust Street.   You have broken a window and  entered a private residence.  Do  you understand what I'm saying? The stranger slowly looks up for the first time.  His eye on Malcolm.
2) 9) dialog: There are no needles or  prescription drugs of any kind in  this house. The stranger suddenly comes forward into the doorway.  Ma stumbles back onto the edge of the bed. Anna sees the stranger for the first time.  Her face drai color. The stranger looks at Malcolm.  He half grins.
2) 14) dialog: What do you want?  I don't  understand what you want. The stranger turns and glares at Malcolm.
2) 17) dialog: --Do I know you?
2) 25) text: Come on, clear your head...  Male,  nine...  Single parent...  Mood  discorder... Acute anxiety. Malcolm looks like someone hit him with a sledgehammer.
2) 28) dialog: Please give me a second to think. Malcolm's shaking hands touch his mouth as he stares at t stranger.  Beat.
2) 29) dialog: Bed Freidken?
2) 31) dialog: ...Ronald...  Ronald Sumner? Tears fall down the stranger's face.
2) 33) dialog: --Vincent? THE ROOM GOES SILENT AGAIN.
2) 34) dialog: Vincent Gray? VINCENT GRAY stares with surprise through his tears.
2) 35) text: Malcolm lets out a deep breath like he just emerged from waters.
2) 36) dialog: I do remember you, Vincent.  You  were a good kid.  Very smart...   Quiet...  Compassionate...   Unusually compassionate... Vincent's eyes burn at Malcolm.
2) 39) dialog: (whispers)
2) 40) text: Vincent...  I'm sorry I didn't help  you...  I can try to help you now. Vincent turns to the sink.  His hand goes in.  He turns a raises a gun at Malcolm.  He FIRES.  A VIOLENT, EAR-SHATT ECHO.  Malcolm clutches his stomach and folds like a rag onto the bed. Vincent instantly moves the gun to his own head.  ANOTHER HORRIFIC BLAST SPIKES THE AIR.  Vincent crumples onto the bathroom floor. ANNA'S CHILLING SCREAMS FILL THEIR HOME.
3) 0) text: The legend, "Two Years Later" appears. A man flips open a worn file folder on his lap.  Handwrit notes fill every line.  At the top of the first page read "Vincent Gray, age 10, Referred January 19, 1989." The man's hand touches the name almost reverently. He glances through the page.  Words and phrases are circl throughout the file. "...Acute anxiety" "...Socially isolated" "...Possible mood disorder" "...Parent status -- Divorced" "...Communication difficulty between mother-child dyad" The man's hands flip the page.  At the top of this new pa reads, "Cole Sear, age 8, Referred September 1998." As the man's fingers move through the notes we again see and phrases circled throughout this new case history. "...Acute anxiety" "...Socially isolated" "...Possible mood disorder" "...Parent status -- Divorced" "...Communication difficulty between mother-child dyad" The hands close the notepad.  The hands are slightly shak WE PULL BACK to reveal the shaking hands belong to Dr. Ma Crowe. Malcolm sits on a sidewalk bench facing a row of brownsto across the street.  He gazes blankly at the brownstones. A door opens.  Malcolm is brought out of his trance. COLE SEAR steps out his front door.  Cole is a munchkin o with large, black eyes that seem to take in everything ar him.  
3) 1) text: His hair is dark, with a small patch of jet white on the Cole carefully locks the door behind him. He moves to the bottom of the stairs and looks around ner Anxiously. The eight-year-old child reaches into his pocket and slip pair of VERY LARGE GLASSES.  They look comical on him. Malcolm rises to his feet.  He smooths out his shirt.  Lo and buttons his jacket. When he looks up, Cole is gone. Malcolm barely catches a glimpse of the boy.  Cole runs a speed down the street and turns the corner.  TINY SNEAKER SCREECHING ON THE SIDEWALK. For a second, Malcolm doesn't react.  The second passes. stuffs the file in his bag and starts running too.
4) 0) text: Malcolm hauls down the sidewalk.  He comes to a hard stop street intersection.  Searches.  Spots Cole running into parking lot. COLE sprints across the empty lot and reaches the doors o building.  He has to use all his strength to push open th ornate doors.  He slips inside. Malcolm jogs into the parking area.  His pace slows to a then to stillness as he gazes up at the building.  Its ol and huge towers make it stand out from the modern buildin around it.  Malcolm stares up at the historic Philadelphi quietly. A SHOOTING PAIN PIERCES HIS SIDE.  Malcolm's hand goes to quickly.  He waits for it to pass before starting for the doors.
5) 0) text: Only a few people sit and pray in the sea of oak pews. Malcolm scans the majestic room and finds what he's looki in the last row of the church. He moves down the center aisle towards the back. Malcolm finds Cole playing in his pew with a set of green beige plastic soldiers.  Cole makes the soldiers talk to other.
5) 2) text: Pro... Fun... Add... The words are unintelligible. Cole senses someone.  He looks up and sees Malcolm starin him.  The boy immediately goes white.  Every cell of his still with fear.
5) 3) dialog: It's okay, Cole.  Don't be  frightened. Cole stays rigid.  Hands clutching a handful of plastic r
5) 4) dialog: My name is Dr. Malcolm Crowe.  I  was supposed to meet you today.   Sorry I missed our appointment. Malcolm waits for a response.  None comes.
5) 5) dialog: Do you mind if I sit down?  I have  this injury from a couple of years  ago and it flares up every once in  a while just so I won't forget it. Beat.  Cole slowly slides down the pew, giving Malcolm mo the seat.  Malcolm sits. Cole fidgets with his soldiers.  Beat.  Malcolm looks ove stares at Cole's glasses.  He leans forward to inspect th carefully.
5) 6) dialog: Your eye frames.  They don't seem to  have any lenses in them.
5) 9) dialog: I knew there was a sound explanation. Malcolm returns to staring at his lap.  Beat.
5) 10) dialog: What was that you were saying  before with your soldiers?  Day pro  fun.
5) 13) dialog: All your soldiers speak Latin?
5) 15) dialog: I like churches, too. (beat)
5) 18) dialog: Oh, lots of things, I suppose.  Bad  people for one.  People who wanted  to imprison them.  Hurt them.
5) 20) dialog: Right. Malcolm and Cole just stare at each other.
5) 22) dialog: Dr. Crowe.
5) 24) dialog: I work with young people who might  be sad or upset or just want to  talk.  I try to help them figure  things out. Beat.
5) 26) dialog: I got an award once.  From the  Mayor.
5) 28) dialog: Thank you.  It was a long time ago.   I've kind of been retired for a  while. (beat)
5) 31) dialog: No.
5) 33) dialog: No.
5) 36) dialog: If it's okay with you? Cole thinks it over carefully.
5) 38) dialog: And Cole, next time I won't be late  for you.
6) 0) text: The house is dimly lit.  Malcolm has to turn on the HALLW
6) 1) dialog: It's me. He stops before a pile of mail collecting on a thin table stares at it blankly.  Almost every envelope has "Over Du "Final Notice" stamped on it.
7) 0) text: Malcolm stares down at the remains of a meal on the only setting on the table.
8) 0) text: Malcolm quietly walks into his bedroom.  Only A READING L ON.  THE SOFT LIGHT FALLS ON ANNA AS SHE SLEEPS. Malcolm moves to her side.  The sight of her stops him. He stares at his wife... She huddles under a blanket, a wad of tissues in her hand takes it in silently. His eyes move to her face...  One wisp of hair falls over soft lips.  OUTLINED IN THE SOFT READING LIGHT, Anna Crow looks like an angel. Malcolm forms a tiny smile.
9) 0) text: Malcolm turns and moves for a narrow door in the hallway. THE DOOR KNOB.  He tries to open it.  IT'S LOCKED.  Malco reaches into his pockets.  Searches for his keys.
10) 0) text: The empty basement is no longer empty.  It's piled with f cabinets and boxes of psychology and medical books.  A de in the corner next to the wine racks. The room still feels unsettling. Malcolm hunches over one of the books.  Rifles through a dusty books.  Pulls out a thick text. The spine of the text reads, "The Meridian Latin Dictiona Malcolm sits back at his desk and opens Cole's file.  Han on the first page are the words, "De profundis calms ad te, domine" Malcolm starts working through the Latin text.  As he com each word, he jots it down underneath the Latin. Malcolm translates the last word. He stares quietly at the paper.  The new words reads... "Out of the depths, I cry to you Lord." Beat.
10) 1) dialog: (whispers)
15) 0) text: The front door CREAKS open as Cole walks in after school. looks around before closing the door.  His eyes stop on L seated in the open doorway of the den.  Malcolm is seated her.  They both look up. Lynn comes out.  She reaches Cole -- kneels down in front
16) 0) text: The den doubles as a playroom.  Boxes of old toys sit in corner.  A small, plastic, multi-colored table sits on th Cole appears in the doorway.  Malcolm sits up and smiles. He points to the chair on the other side of the coffee ta
16) 1) dialog: You want to sit? Cole nods very softly, "No."
16) 2) dialog: Don't feel like talking right now? Cole nods again very softly, "No."
16) 3) dialog: How about we play a game first? Cole looks a little more interested.
16) 4) dialog: It's a mind-reading game...  Did I  mention I could read minds? Cole nods, "No."
16) 5) dialog: Here's the game.  I'll read your  mind.  If what I say is right, you  take a step forwards the chair.  If  I'm wrong, you take a step  backwards the doorway.  If you  reach the chair, you sit.  If you  reach the door, you can go.  Deal? Cole tilts his head, then nods, "Yes." Malcolm presses his fingers to his temples like a vaudevi magician.  He closes his eyes tight.
16) 6) dialog: Just after your mom and dad were  divorced, your mom went to a doctor  like me and it didn't help her.   And so you think I'm not going to  help you. Beat.  Cole, surprised, takes a small step forward.
16) 7) dialog: You're worried because she said she  told him things.  Things she  couldn't tell anybody else. (beat)
16) 8) text: Secrets. Cole takes a step.  Malcolm opens his eyes.  He looks rig Cole.
16) 9) dialog: You have a secret.  But you don't  want to tell me. Beat.  Cole takes another step.  The next step will put h the chair.  Malcolm lowers his fingers from his temple.
16) 10) dialog: (whispers)
16) 11) text: You don't have to tell me your  secret if you don't want to. Malcolm smiles.  Returns his fingers to the mind-reading  position.  Malcolm looks to Cole's arm.  Cole is wearing SILVER WATCH.  It swims on his thin wrist.  It could prob slide up to his shoulder.  Malcolm closes his eyes.
16) 12) dialog: Your father gave you that watch as  a present before he left. Cole takes a step BACK.  Beat.  Malcolm lowers his hands  surprised.
16) 14) dialog: You don't like to say much at  school.  You're an excellent  student however.  You've never been  in any kind of serious trouble. Beat.  Cole takes a slow step back.  Beat.
16) 16) dialog: You saw that on T.V., Cole? Cole answers by taking a small step back.  Beat.
16) 19) dialog: How do you draw now?
16) 22) dialog: (soft)
16) 23) text: I guess they don't. Malcolm looks down at Cole's feet.  They're almost at the doorway.  One more step and he's there.  Cole is very sti doesn't move at all.
16) 25) text: What am I thinking now? Malcolm takes his time before speaking.  He just stares. fingers to the temple.  No games.  He just stares.  Beat.
16) 26) dialog: You're thinking...  (beat)
16) 30) text: But you can't help me. Cole's tiny figure steps away.  Malcolm stares helplessly empty doorway where his client used to stand. THE DEN IS SUFFOCATED WITH SILENCE.
17) 0) text: Malcolm hurriedly enters a spacious, dimly-lit Italian  restaurant.  He stops in the dining room and searches the candle-lit tables.  He finds Anna. Anna sits alone at a corner table.  The remains of her ha dinner lay on the only place setting on the table.  A sma OF CAKE WITH A CANDLE in it sits untouched. Anna stirs sugar in her coffee as Malcolm sits in the sea from her.  She gently stops stirring, but doesn't look up
17) 1) dialog: I thought you meant the other  Italian restaurant I asked you to  marry me in. Anna isn't laughing.  Not even close.
17) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. (beat)
17) 4) dialog: It didn't go well today.  Spent  some time after trying to get my  head together. Anna looks around for the waiter.
17) 5) dialog: They're so similar, Anna.  They  have the same mannerisms.  The same  expressions.  The same thing  hanging over them. (beat)
17) 7) dialog: There are cuts on Cole's arms.   Fingernail marks, I think.  Looks  like defensive cuts. Malcolm demonstrates by holding up his arm to shield his
17) 8) dialog: (beat)
17) 11) text: Hard to say this early.  Could  just be a child climbing a lot of  trees. Malcolm loses himself in his thoughts.  The waiter drops check on the table.  Anna grabs it before Malcolm and qui signs it.
17) 12) dialog: I know I've been kind of out of it  for a long while and you resent it.   You do.  I know you're mad.  I know  it's put some distance between us. Beat.
17) 13) dialog: But I'm getting a second chance  here.  I can't let it slip away. Anna waits till he's done and rises from the table.  She her chair in hard and walks away without a word.  Malcolm alone and stares at the piece of cake with a candle on it
17) 14) dialog: (soft)
18) 0) text: Cole is seated on the front stoop of his brownstone.  On steps and on the landing are his plastic soldiers in the a war. Malcolm sits with his bag and overcoat on the step next t Malcolm just observes quietly.  Beat. Cole glances up as he plays.  Sees Malcolm's expression.
18) 2) dialog: See, this is why I lose at poker.   Yes, I do have a question. On the step are two rows of soldiers facing each other. side are a couple soldiers covered by a tissue.  Malcolm to them.
18) 3) dialog: What happened to those two?  Being  under tissue paper can't be a good  thing. Cole removes the tissue.
18) 6) dialog: (soft)
18) 11) text: I don't like people looking at me  like that. Malcolm takes in Cole's gesture and expression.
18) 13) dialog: Where should I look then, Cole?
18) 15) dialog: It's very unusual for someone your  age to understand the kind of  problems that Private Jenkins and  Private Kinney have or even to be  thinking about them at all... Malcolm continues to stare at the street.  Beat.
18) 16) dialog: It is okay if I look back now? Cole doesn't answer.
18) 17) dialog: Tap the foot once for "No" and  twice for "Yes." Cole taps his foot once. Malcolm sits patiently.  Beat.  They don't say anything f while.
18) 18) dialog: You wouldn't want to take a walk,  would you? Cole looks up from his soldiers.  Malcolm stares at the f of the street. Cole taps his foot twice.
19) 2) dialog: He your best buddy? Cole almost smiles.
19) 4) dialog: You hate him? Cole shakes his head, "No.! Malcolm thinks for a bit.
19) 5) dialog: Your mom set that up? Cole nods "Yes."
19) 6) dialog: You ever tell her about how it is  with Tommy?
19) 8) dialog: Why?
19) 10) dialog: Know what?
19) 12) dialog: Listen to me.  You are not a freak.   Don't you believe anybody that  tells you that.  It's bullshit and  you don't have to grow up believing  that. Beat.  Cole is surprised.
19) 14) dialog: Yeah.  Sorry. Malcolm's face is filled with emotion.  Cole is suddenly Malcolm's passion.  Beat.  Cole nods slowly as he looks a Malcolm with different eyes. They start walking again in silence.  They turn a corner down another street.  Cole spots an old man with a cane s at the gate of a brownstone.
19) 27) dialog: What about Mrs. Marschal?
20) 0) text: This brownstone has been home to the Marschal's for many, years.  It's filled with a lifetime of memories.  Memorie by two people. Two rocking chairs sit side by side near the windows that overlook the street...  A corner table displays fancy woo chess set.  The game half-finished, frozen in a layer of An easel stands before a piano.  The incomplete water col painting of a smiling elderly woman sitting on the piano sits sadly on the faded yellow paper. Malcolm takes in the living room silently.  He stands nea open door. Cole walks through the room.  Tiny eyes searching careful leans behind the sofa looking for something.  Malcolm wat Cole with a crinkled brow. Cole peeks behind the old piano crammed against the wall.
20) 3) dialog: Cole--
20) 6) text: What's this?  Jill's keeping a  diary. Malcolm takes an involuntary step forward. Mr. Marschal starts flipping through the notebooks.
21) 0) text: Malcolm sits still in his office chair.  His eyes are fix point in space.  He brings a slim, black tape recorder to mouth. CLICK.
21) 1) dialog: April or March of Eighty-seven.   Two weeks into sessions with  Vincent Gray.  I was treating a  couple, Donald and Robin Wagner,  who had lost their child to  Leukemia.  They were waiting with  Vincent in the reception room of  the downtown clinic.  They were  alone together maybe fifteen  minutes.  When I entered the room,  all three were crying.  The  Wagner's progress from that  afternoon was dramatic and sudden ....  As if some door had been  opened for them. (beat)
24) 0) text: Malcolm stares as the rain pelts the windows of the den.
24) 1) dialog: ...So your dad lives in Pittsburgh  with a lady who works in a toll  booth. COLE (o.s.)
24) 3) dialog: I don't know.  I was just thinking  the same thing. Beat. COLE (o.s.)
24) 5) dialog: Sometimes, we don't even know it,  but we do things to draw attention.   Do things so we can express how we  feel about issues...  Divorce or  whatever. Every now and then we get glimpses of things Cole is play peeking over the back of the couch, but we can't quite ma what he's doing.
24) 6) dialog: One night, as an example...  leave  something on a desk for someone to  find. The top of Cole's head stops moving.
24) 7) dialog: Cole, have you ever heard of  something called free-writing?  Or  free-association writing? Cole shakes his head, "No."
24) 8) dialog: It's when you put a pencil in your  hand and put the pencil to a paper  and you just start writing...  You  don't think about what you're  writing...  You don't read over  what you're writing...  You just  keep your hand moving. Cole has become very still.  He looks right at Malcolm.
24) 9) dialog: After awhile if you keep your hand  moving long enough, words and  thoughts start coming out you  didn't even know you had in you...   Sometimes they're things you heard  from somewhere...  Sometimes  they're feelings deep inside... (beat)
24) 11) dialog: What'd you write?
24) 13) dialog: What kind of words?
24) 15) dialog: Did you ever write any upset words  before your father left? Beat.
24) 17) dialog: Can you do something for me? Malcolm smiles.  He rises and grabs his coat.
24) 18) dialog: Think about what you want from our  time together.  What our goal  should be?
24) 20) dialog: If we could change something in  your life, anything at all, what  would you like that to be? Cole's brow furrows as he thinks about it carefully.
24) 21) dialog: You don't have to answer now. Malcolm heads for the door, stops when Cole emerges from the couch.  Cole is wearing his father's jacket, it hangs ground like a dress.
25) 0) text: The surface of Malcolm's desk is covered with open texts. Malcolm pours over a thick reference book. He circles a phrase... "...resulting bruises and abrasions on arms and legs may, fact, be self-inflicted." Malcolm appears disturbed by the thoughts running through head. ANNA'S MUFFLED VOICE CARRIES DOWN THE STAIRS. His face turns up to the ceiling.
25) 1) dialog: (loud)
25) 5) text: What?  You don't see enough of me  at the store? Malcolm gets up and moves closer to their voices as he st his legs. MAN'S VOICE (o.s.)
25) 7) text: I trust you...  Besides, I don't  know if I'm up for the Amish today.   You can't curse or spit or anything  around them. Malcolm smiles at Anna. MAN'S VOICE (o.s.)
25) 8) text: I thought you'd want to get out.   You've been kind of down. Malcolm slowly stops smiling. ANNA (o.s.)
25) 10) text: Do you think I should stop by on my  way back?  Show you what I got?   It's not a problem. Malcolm shakes his head in disbelief. ANNA (o.s.)
25) 15) text: Thanks. WE HEAR THE FRONT DOOR SHUT. Malcolm moves to the narrow basement window.
26) 1) dialog: (under his breath)
26) 2) text: Give it up, kid. Malcolm turns away from the window as Sean's car starts u pulls away from Malcolm's house.
28) 0) text: Cole is seated in the school library by himself.  He sits long center table near the windows.  His head is laying o folded arms on the table. Malcolm peeks his head in the door -- unsure if he's in t place.  He spots Cole and enters the room.  He silently t seat across from Cole.  The eight-year-old looks up.  Col are hard -- filled with anger.
28) 1) dialog: Hey, big guy. Cole stares for a second.
28) 5) dialog: Do you like magic? Cole's face softens a bit.  He turns from the windows and to Malcolm.  Beat.  Cole nods, "Yes." Malcolm pulls out a penny from his pocket.  He places it right hand.
28) 6) dialog: Watch the penny closely. Malcolm closes his hand around the penny.
28) 7) dialog: I do the magic shake... Malcolm shakes his hand in circles.  Cole watches his han carefully.
28) 8) dialog: And suddenly the penny has  magically traveled to my left hand... Cole looks to Malcolm's closed left hand.  Malcolm doesn' it.
28) 9) dialog: But that's not the end of the trick.   With another magic shake, the penny  travels into my shirt pocket... Cole's eyes lock on Malcolm's shirt.  Malcolm taps the po doesn't open it.
28) 10) dialog: But that's still not the end!...  I  do a final magic shake...  and  suddenly...  The penny returns to  the hand where it started from. Malcolm opens his right hand.  The penny sits quietly in center of his palm. Cole looks at the penny and then up to Malcolm's face.  B Cole cracks a smile.
28) 12) dialog: What?
28) 14) dialog: Who me? Malcolm smiles a mischievous smile.  He places the penny table.  Cole stares at it and then looks to Malcolm.
28) 16) dialog: I forgot myself. Malcolm and Cole share a warm look.
28) 19) dialog: Cole... Cole looks at Malcolm. 
28) 20) dialog: One day... (beat)
28) 24) dialog: (whispers)
28) 25) text: Promise. Malcolm and Cole sit in silence and listen to THE SOUND O CHILDREN PLAYING.
29) 0) text: Malcolm sorts through the many bills on the mail table. WOMAN (o.s.)
29) 1) text: Malcolm, sit your cute butt down  and listen up. (beat)
29) 2) text: Are you listening? Malcolm turns AT THE SOUND OF THE WOMAN, and moves into t living room where the T.V. is on.  A blanket lays crumple sofa.
30) 0) text: Malcolm moves into their bedroom. THE SOUND OF A SHOWER CAN BE HEARD FROM THE BATHROOM. Malcolm moves to the bathroom door and opens it slowly.
31) 0) text: Malcolm steps into the bathroom quietly.  He stares at th silhouette of Anna's body through the smoked glass of the Anna stands still, her head tilted back. Malcolm watches quietly.  By his experience, it's clear h taken by his wife's beauty. Malcolm starts towards the shower when his eyes glance to sink.  Malcolm locks on a tiny bottle resting on the marb surface. He reaches out and picks it up.  The label on the plastic reads, "Zoloft Anti-depressant" "To be taken twice daily" Malcolm gently puts down the plastic bottle.  He gazes at still figure of his wife as the water covers her. Malcolm leaves the bathroom.  He makes sure not to make a with the door as he closes it shut.
36) 0) text: Colorful murals don the curved walls of the pediatric rec area. A spattering of children accompanied by adults sit and wa Lynn and Malcolm are seated at a children's play table. made of a maze of wires sit on the table in front of them A young resident DR. HILL takes a seat at the table with He opens up his notes.
36) 4) dialog: There's something else going on,  Lynn. Lynn opens her eyes and catches the doctor's expression.
36) 7) dialog: Oh, man.
36) 13) dialog: How do you expect her to react?
37) 0) text: Cole lays rigid in the hospital bed.  Blankets bundled ar as if to shield him.  Cole's eyes fixed out the window. Malcolm quietly enters through the half-opened door to th Cole spots him.  Visibly relaxes.
37) 1) dialog: I've decided we shouldn't schedule  sessions anymore.  I'll just follow  you around. Cole smiles weakly as Malcolm takes a seat on a rolling m chair. Malcolm notices Cole's legs emerging from under the hospi gown.  Cole is wearing A MAN'S DRESS SOCK.  The baggy fol up all the way to his knees.
37) 2) dialog: Your father ever tell you bedtime  stories?
37) 4) dialog: Once upon a time there was a prince,  who was being driven around...  He  drove around for a long, long time...   Driving and driving...  It was a  long trip...  He fell asleep... (beat)
37) 7) dialog: Yes.
37) 9) dialog: No.
37) 11) dialog: No gas...  Hey, that's good. They sit in silence.  Malcolm works on a new plot in his
37) 13) dialog: Do you think I'm sad? Cole nods, "Yes."
37) 14) dialog: What makes you think that?
37) 16) dialog: (rote)
37) 17) text: I'm not supposed to talk about  stuff like that. Cole smiles softly. Malcolm stares at the tired child sitting before him in t hospital bed. Malcolm rolls his stool away from his client as he thinks Beat.  He slowly moves the rolling chair closer to Cole's
37) 18) dialog: ...Once upon a time there was this  person named Malcolm.  He worked  with children.  Loved it more than  anything. (smiles)
37) 21) text: His wife doesn't like the person  he's become.  They don't speak  anymore.  They're like strangers. Malcolm breaks from his thoughts and looks at Cole who wa him with unwavering attention.  Malcolm smiles.
37) 22) dialog: And then one day this person  Malcolm meets a wonderful boy who  reminds him of that one.  Reminds  him a lot of that one.  Malcolm  decides to try to help this new boy.   He thinks maybe if he can help this  boy, it would be like helping that  one too. Malcolm leans forward, whispers with emotional eyes.
37) 23) dialog: I don't know how the story ends.   I hope it's a happy ending.
37) 26) dialog: Okay. Cole takes an eternal pause.  A silent tension engulfs th
37) 29) dialog: In your dreams? Cole shakes his head, "No."
37) 30) dialog: When you're awake? Cole nods, "Yes."
37) 31) dialog: Dead people, like in graves and  coffins?
37) 33) dialog: They don't know they're dead? Beat.
37) 36) dialog: How often do you see them?
37) 39) dialog: ...No.
38) 0) text: Malcolm hails a cab.  He steps off the sidewalk lost in h thoughts. Steam rises from a street vent.  HEADLIGHTS.  A
38) 2) dialog: Cole... (beat)
38) 5) text: Medication and hospitalization may  be required. CLICK.  Malcolm's hand with the tape recorder drops to hi
38) 6) dialog: (whispers)
38) 7) text: I'm not helping him. Malcolm stares into the night.  He stands alone as though like thunder in his head.
49) 0) text: The arched halls of the private school are lined with pos drawings and test papers. Cole and Malcolm walk down an empty hall.
49) 2) dialog: What?
49) 4) dialog: I know every child is special in  their own way, but Tommy sounds  like a punk. (Cole smiles)
49) 7) dialog: Never mind. Beat.  They continue down the hall in silence.  Malcolm t time.
49) 8) dialog: Cole, I was really interested in  what you told me in the hospital,  I'd like to hear more about it. Malcolm stops at a set of doors at the end of the hall -- realizes Cole is no longer next to him.  Malcolm turns to Cole frozen about ten feet back. Malcolm walks to him.  He notices Cole's expression as he closer.
49) 9) dialog: What's wrong? Cole points to the doors.
49) 10) dialog: Is something in there? Cole doesn't say anything.  Beat.
50) 0) text: It's a large shadowy GYM.  Climbing ropes hang from the w beamed ceiling. Cole is trembling slightly as he stands next to Malcolm.
50) 1) dialog: What is it? Malcolm follows the child's gaze to the ceiling of the gy
50) 2) dialog: I don't see. Beat.
50) 6) dialog: Yes?
50) 8) dialog: -- Yes. Beat.
50) 11) dialog: Them? Malcolm looks at the empty stairwell and then back to Col Nothing is said for a few moments.
50) 12) dialog: I don't see anything. (beat)
50) 14) text: Cole? Malcolm turns back to Cole, he finds the child with tears eyes.  Cole looks at Malcolm desperately.
50) 16) dialog: (whispers)
50) 17) text: I'm working on it. Malcolm gently leads Cole away from the stairs. COLE GLANCES BACK AS HE MOVES OUT OF THE STAIRWELL. COLE'S P.O.V. -- The ropes and school banners dangling at of the stairs sways a little...  But so do THE THREE BODI HANGING BY THEIR NECKS FROM A WOODEN BEAM. It's a truly horrific sight.  A BLACK MAN in britches and shirt, face beaten to a pulp, hangs in the center.  A WHI in a torn white frilly dress -- tears soaking her face, h the right.  A small MIXED RACE CHILD in half pants, hangs their left.  The family stares at Cole.  They follow Cole their tortured eyes as he exits the stairwell.
51) 0) text: Malcolm walks from the bus stop over the cobblestone stre front of Head House Square.  The streets are quiet and da Night time has fallen over the city. He slowly comes to a stop in front of an old building.  H his arm up.  Uses his other hand to gently touch his hair arm's surface. Malcolm looks up slowly.  Looks around.  The dark shadows the corners of the historic building... Malcolm stares into the darkness...  Beat.
51) 1) dialog: (whispers)
51) 2) text: ...Is anyone there? A long moment as he waits.  The shadows seem to move, the becomes still. Malcolm shakes off the moment.  He returns his hands to h pockets as he moves through the dark streets of Philadelp his home.
52) 0) text: The doorway to Malcolm and Anna's bedroom is open.  STRAI VOICES SPILL OUT INTO THE HALLWAY. MALCOLM (o.s.)
52) 5) text: Please let it ring. WE HEAR MOVEMENT.  Anna emerges from the bedroom.  Eyes r wipes her tears. She picks up the phone and moves down the stairs. Malcolm walks out into the hall.  Stops at the top of the ANNA'S VOICE CAN BE HEARD SPEAKING ON THE PHONE from down
52) 8) text: I thought about you too. Malcolm turns.  He stands frozen at the top of the stairs Anna's HUSHED WORDS RISING IN THE AIR LIKE A GUN BLAST.
58) 0) text: Malcolm walks angrily down the sidewalk.  He stops as his goes to his side.  He winces with pain as he keeps walkin
61) 0) text: The den is very quiet.  Cole and Malcolm sit around the m colored table.  Malcolm leans back in his small plastic c arms folded over his chest.  Cole sits slumped over the t eyes peering out over his arms. They both look like shit.
61) 3) dialog: Yes.
61) 5) dialog: I don't know.
61) 7) dialog: I don't know, Cole.
61) 9) dialog: I know what I want. (beat)
61) 13) dialog: (whispers)
61) 17) dialog: I have to.
61) 19) dialog: Soon.  One week. Malcolm looks down at his eyes full with emotion.
61) 20) dialog: I'm going to transfer you.  I know  two psychologists that are  exceptional--
61) 22) text: Don't fail me. Malcolm looks up sharply.
61) 23) dialog: --What?
61) 25) dialog: You want to know a secret?...  I  was a paper champion. (beat)
61) 26) text: Do you know what that means? Cole shake his head, "No."  Tears fall down Malcolm's che
61) 28) dialog: I means I wasn't what everyone  thought I was... (beat)
61) 31) dialog: Someone else can help you.  Someone  else can make you happy. Cole is crying now. Cole wipes his eyes with his sleeve.  They sit quietly an at each other.  Beat. Cole whispers.
61) 33) dialog: Yes.
61) 36) dialog: I don't know how to answer that. Cole searches for the answer in Malcolm's eyes...  He fin It's not the one he wanted.  Malcolm looks down.
62) 0) text: Malcolm sits stoically at his desk in his basement.  His gaze at the dusty FRAMED CERTIFICATE FROM THE CITY OF  PHILADELPHIA shoved between two packing boxes. Malcolm leans his head back against the chair.  Stares in shadows.  Drowns in his thoughts. Beat.  THE CHAIR CREAKS as he slowly sits up again.  Malc eyes scan the room and come to a stop on a box marked wit label...
63) 0) text: A tape slides into the tape player seated on Malcolm's de Malcolm hits play. THE SOUND OF A DOOR OPENING AND CLOSING IS HEARD.
63) 1) dialog: (on tape)
63) 2) text: Sorry about that.  Hope I didn't  leave you alone too long...  Wow,  it's cold in here. WE HEAR A CHAIR MOVE AS MALCOLM SITS DOWN.  And then SILE Beat.
63) 3) dialog: (on tape)
63) 8) dialog: (on tape)
63) 13) dialog: (on tape)
63) 17) dialog: (on tape)
63) 18) text: Okay, Vincent, you can go home. CLICK.  THE TAPE GOES TO SILENCE. Malcolm just sits in the shadowy basement.  He doesn't mo while. Then he hits the rewind button.  Stops it.  Presses play.
63) 19) dialog: (on tape)
63) 20) text: --about that.  Hope I didn't leave  you too long...  Wow, it's cold in  here-- Malcolm hits the rewind button again.  Lets it rewind for while.  Presses play.
63) 21) dialog: (on tape)
63) 25) dialog: (on tape)
63) 30) text: Nothing happens for a long time.  AND THEN WE HEAR A SUDD SCREECH ACROSS THE FLOOR.  VINCENT'S BREATHING QUICKENS. A SLIGHT STATIC STARTS TO FILTER IN ON THE TAPE. Malcolm's eyes are locked on the spool of audio tape as i in the player. Malcolm's fingers move to the volume dial.  He turns it w THE STATIC NOISE FROM THE TAPE FILLS THE BASEMENT. Malcolm leans closer to the tape player.  Closes his eyes listens...  Beat. DEEP IN THE STATIC...  ANOTHER SOUND EMERGES, WHISPERING.
63) 33) text: Familia...  No dejen que esto me  pase...  Mi familia...  Yo no  quiero morir...  Familia... Malcolm's mouth opens in disbelief.
63) 34) dialog: ...Jesus Christ.
64) 0) text: Malcolm stands on a familiar sidewalk.  He stares into th window of Mr. Marschal's brownstone. Inside the window we see Mr. Marschal seated with a group older gentlemen his age.  They sit around a table eating  sandwiches and talking.  Malcolm watches as Mr. Marschal story to his friends.  WE CAN'T HEAR WHAT HE'S SAYING, bu he finishes everyone at the table laughs.  Mr. Marschal s Malcolm can't help smiling as well.  This is not the same saw before.  Life has returned to this house.  Beat. Malcolm turns and moves down the street.  Each step faste the next.
65) 0) text: Malcolm moves to the front of the church down the center His eyes scan the empty seats.  No one in sight in any di Malcolm stands in the aisle a little out of breath.  He h hand to his side as he winces a bit. Malcolm's eyes float up to the balcony where toy soldiers the bannister.  Cole's head pops up.
65) 1) dialog: Hello again. He looks down and studies Malcolm.
65) 5) text: You want to ask me questions now? Malcolm shakes his head, "No."
65) 7) dialog: Maybe later. Beat.
65) 9) dialog: Yes, it did.
65) 11) dialog: Yes, I am.
65) 13) dialog: No, we're not.
65) 15) dialog: These people...  People that died  and are still hanging around.   Maybe they weren't ready to go.  Cole studies Malcolm's passionate face.  A new face.
65) 18) dialog: Maybe they wake up that morning  thinking they have a thousand  things to do and a thousand days  left to do them in...  And then  all of a sudden, it's all taken  away.  No one asked them.  It's  just gone...
65) 20) dialog: Do you know what 'Yo no quiero  morir' is? Cole shakes his head, "No."
65) 21) dialog: It's Spanish.  It means...  'I  don't want to die.' (beat)
65) 24) dialog: What do those ghosts want when they  talk to you?  Think real careful  now, Cole... Cole stops moving.  He looks over the balcony railing at
65) 26) dialog: Yes!  I think that's right!...  I  think they all want that.  Even the  scary ones...
65) 28) dialog: I believe both of you now. (beat)
65) 31) dialog: I think they know you're one of  those guys rare people can see them. (beat)
65) 35) dialog: I don't think that's the way it  works, Cole. Cole looks nervous.
65) 37) dialog: I don't. Cole and Malcolm stand silently in the center aisle of th of the church.
66) 0) text: Malcolm moves around the corner on his street.  His mind with thoughts.  And then he glances up.  His steps slow t complete stop. Further down the sidewalk, coming out of the front door o house is SEAN. Malcolm's face turns to stone.  He watches as Sean comes front stairs and starts across the street. A sudden rage surges up.  Malcolm moves towards Sean fast Sean reaches his car and enters it.  He doesn't notice th closing in on him. THE ENGINE STARTS.  Malcolm reaches the car a second late pulls away into traffic almost hitting another car as he Malcolm watches the car disappear down the next street. Malcolm turns and looks up at his home with unchecked ang overwhelming pain erupting his eyes.
67) 0) text: Malcolm stands in his foyer. Anna is sitting on the stairs, phone in her hand.  She fa from the front. Malcolm's a ball of tension as he listens to Anna talk in phone.
67) 7) text: I'll see you at the store. Beat.  A long silence.  Then WE HEAR ANNA GENTLY HANG UP. Malcolm leans back against an old radiator.  Beat. His eyes close as the SOUND OF HIS WIFE'S FOOTSTEPS RISES STAIRS.
76) 0) text: A downtown Septa public bus.  Malcolm and Cole are among spattering of passengers. They're both wearing suits. Cole leans his head against the glass of the scratched wi Cole's large eyes drink in the passing scenery. COLE'S P.O.V. -- A dark, abandoned building stretches for entire block on one side.  A MAN IN A GREY, FULL-BODIED U
76) 9) dialog: I guess she did. Cole falls into deep thoughts as he stares down at his dr shoes.  Malcolm slips back into silence. The city bus slithers through the old Philadelphia street working its way downtown.
77) 0) text: A modest home sits on a corner.  Its small lawn, groomed  carefully.  Rows of parked cars spill out from the drivew the streets. People in suits and dark dresses move somberly in and out front door of the home. Cole and Malcolm join the visitors as they walk slowly to the doors. A frail, little girl about four years of age sits in a da on the swings in front of the house.  Visitors say hello as they pass.  She doesn't say anything back.
77) 1) dialog: Her little sister? Cole nods, "Yes." Malcolm and Cole watch her for a moment before following into the modest corner home.
79) 2) dialog: (soft)
79) 3) text: Where will you go, where no one has  died? Cole stares at the map and then turns to Malcolm.
79) 5) dialog: I definitely won't. Cole turns and stares quietly at the door.  He waits a lo before reaching for the doorknob.
81) 0) text: The room is thick with mourners.  Most are gathered aroun GIRL'S MOTHER, a young woman in her late twenties.  As sh through the room to the kitchen, she receives the many ca hugs, and flowers that are offered as condolence.  Mrs. C leaves the living room. Malcolm watches breathlessly from the doorway as Cole mov through the many adults across the room. The girl's father, MR. COLLINS, a thin man in his late tw is seated on the reading chair next to a T.V.  His face i granite.  No one in the room dares to talk to him.  He st statue-like at an abstract point in the room.
81) 5) text: She wanted to tell you something. The father becomes very still.  His eyes fill with a stor confusion and pain.  After the longest time, the father r and gently takes the box out of Cole's small hands. Cole begins to back away... The father gazes at Cole as he melts into the crowd.  Col reaches Malcolm and the two then slip out of the house. The father looks down in a daze.  He goes to open the jew box.  His movements are slow and strained.  He lifts the and open the box. Mr. Collins stares at an unlabeled video cassette.
84) 0) text: Cole sits on the swings next to Kyra's four-year-old sist doesn't look up. Malcolm waits in the driveway.  Watches them from a dista Cole reaches into his pocket and pulls out the little FIN PUPPET.  He holds it out.
86) 0) text: It begins to rain.  Malcolm pulls his jacket over his hea scurries up the stairs of the school.
87) 0) text: Malcolm stands and catches his breath in the corridor of Anthony's Academy. A teacher rushes in the hall with an armload of costumes.
87) 1) dialog: Has the play started yet? The teacher hurries past Malcolm and down the hall withou a word.
87) 2) dialog: Is that a yes? The teacher scurries around a corner.  Malcolm watches he curiously.
88) 0) text: Malcolm moves quickly to a set of double doors and opens He steps into the DARKNESS OF THE AUDITORIUM. The play is in full swing...  Cole and a large group of c children are on stage.  Cole holds a broom and wears a wo costume.  He stands to the side -- hidden by others. A boy in a shiny-armored costume walks to the center of t where a large cardboard stone is seated.  A sparkling HAN sticks out of the top. The armored boy tries to lift it.  It won't budge. Bobby, the chubby boy from the party, is dressed in a mag costume.  He is Merlin.  He steps forward.
89) 0) text: The rain comes down a little stronger now on the stained window. Malcolm sits on the stairs in the lobby.  Cole walks back forth in front of him.  Cole still holds the sword from t
89) 2) dialog: I think we said everything we  needed to say. (beat)
89) 6) dialog: You were great in the play, Cole.
89) 8) dialog: And you know what else?
89) 10) dialog: Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time. Cole smiles huge.  Beat.  Cole's sword drags on the tile continues to circle around the hall.  We get the idea he want to be still.
89) 13) dialog: Okay, Cole, I'm going to go now...   I'll see you tomorrow. Cole watches as Malcolm walks down the stairs to the entr Cole stops moving.
89) 15) text: See you tomorrow. Malcolm's face shows his losing battle against his emotio doesn't turn to look back.
91) 0) text: Malcolm walks quietly down the sidewalk towards his home.
92) 0) text: Malcolm enters the living room and smiles at what he sees Anna is asleep in a chair.  She's curled up in a ball.  I she looks like a little girl. Their WEDDING VIDEO PLAYS SOFTLY ON THE TELEVISION. Malcolm watches himself and Anna cutting their wedding ca CROWD APPLAUDS AS THEY FEED EACH OTHER PIECES. Malcolm turns from the television and takes a seat next t He gazes upon his wife softly.
92) 1) dialog: (whispers)
92) 3) text: I need my best friend. Silence.  Malcolm gazes for a beat before looking down.
92) 5) dialog: I miss you. Beat.  Her lips move again.  Eyes never open.
92) 7) dialog: What, Anna?  What did I do?  What's  made you so sad? Beat.
92) 9) dialog: I didn't leave you. Beat.  She becomes silent.  Anna falls back into deep sle arm slides down.  SOMETHING SHINY FALLS OUT AND ROLLS ON GROUND. Malcolm's eyes watch as it comes to a stop...  Beat.  He curiously at a GOLD WEDDING BAND laying on the wood floor Confusion washes over his face.  He looks to Anna's hand. identical gold wedding ring sits on her finger. Beat.  Malcolm looks down at his own hand...  HIS WEDDING GONE. Malcolm is completely lost.  He takes a couple steps back around in confusion... His eyes come to rest on the door to his basement office. looks in disbelief at the set of DEAD BOLT LOCKS on the d Malcolm doesn't know what the hell's going on...  His eye drawn to the dining table...  Only ONE PLACE SETTING is o the tabletop. His eyes search again -- they finally lock on the WEDDING PLAYING.  Malcolm watches images of himself on the screen eyes fill with a storm of emotions... Malcolm looks to Anna's face and becomes very still.  Bea CLOSE ON ANNA...  TILL HER SLEEPING FACE FILLS THE FRAME.
92) 12) dialog: (like he's falling  down a deep hole)
93) 1) text: Anna rushes across the room to a crumpled Malcolm laying floor.  Malcolm's hands are clutched at his side. Anna pries his hands away to reveal the tiniest tear in h shirt.  Anna's eyes catch something dark -- moving...  A BLOOD IS FORMING UNDER MALCOLM.  She slowly turns him ove side...  A horrific sight...  An enormous exit wound on h back pours out blood uncontrollably. Malcolm's jaw is locked open.  His breaths are long and s ANNA IS SCREAMING, BUT HER VOICE SOUNDS FAR AWAY. Malcolm's open jaw releases a long strained breath and th becomes silent.  Anna tries to cover the wound with her h desperately.
94) 1) dialog: (screaming) ANNA!
94) 3) dialog: Don't cry. Anna doesn't move, but her tears seem to fall a little fa
94) 4) dialog: I think I have to go. Malcolm's mind is racing.
94) 5) dialog: (realizing)
94) 9) dialog: You were never second...  Ever. Malcolm gazes at his wife.  Tears fall from both their ey
94) 10) dialog: You sleep now, Anna.  Everything  will be different in the morning. Anna lays still.
94) 12) dialog: Goodnight, sweetheart. The room falls into silence.  Malcolm sits still across f wife.  He drinks her in with his eyes. Malcolm leans back in the chair.  Slowly closes his eyes. close shut.
94) 22) dialog: (on tape)
94) 23) text: ...I think I've had too much to  drink. Malcolm smiles as he takes a sip.  The guests chuckle as watch.  Beat.
94) 24) dialog: (on tape)
94) 26) dialog: (on tape)
94) 27) text: What? Malcolm looks around at everyone's smiling faces. Beat.  Malcolm takes his time.  He looks just past the ca
94) 28) dialog: Anna, I never thought I'd feel the  things I'm feeling.  I never  thought I'd be able to stand up in  front of my friends and family and  tell them what's inside me...   Today I can... Malcolm's eyes fill with water.
94) 29) dialog: (softly)