19) 17) dialog: Guten Tag, Cole. Mr. Marschal has a thick German accent.  The old man squi the block with a concerned expression.
19) 19) dialog: Mrs. Marschal.  She went food  shopping.  She's running late. Beat.
19) 21) dialog: Wunderbar!  Where did you learn to  speak German?
19) 23) dialog: Yes, you may have a drink.  What  would you like?
19) 26) text: Mr. Marschal gets real lonely.
20) 1) dialog: Maybe Jill will play for us when  she gets back. Cole turns to find Mr. Marschal standing with a glass of  lemonade.  Cole takes it from his shaking hands.
20) 4) dialog: What's going on there? Mr. Marschal strains to see across the room. Cole doesn't answer either of them.  Instead, he continue push the plant aside revealing AN AIR VENT.  Cole gently over and takes off the metal face.  It slips right off. Cole's hands disappear into the darkness of the vent.  Th reemerge holding a STACK OF NOTEBOOKS. Malcolm becomes very still. Cole rises to his feet and carries the notebooks over to Marschal.  Cole carefully places them on his lap.
20) 5) dialog: Is this for me? Mr. Marschal fingers the notebooks then reaches for his t glasses hanging from his neck.  He places them on the tip nose and inspects the notebooks six inches from his face. MR. MASCHAL
20) 6) text: What's this?  Jill's keeping a  diary. Malcolm takes an involuntary step forward. Mr. Marschal starts flipping through the notebooks.
20) 7) dialog: She's full of surprises... He gets to the last book.  His hands become still as he s the final page of writing.
20) 8) dialog: (whispers)
20) 9) text: She hasn't written anything for  some time. Beat.  Mr. Marschal slowly looks up from the notebooks. to Cole.  Cole just stands quietly. Mr. Marschal's eyes slowly fill with tears of realization gently spill down his weathered face.
20) 10) dialog: Oh no... Cole takes a deep breath.  Trying hard not to cry himself sight of Mr. Marschal weeping shakes Cole. Cole softly lays his hand on Mr. Marschal's silver hair. Marschal reaches up and clutches his small hand. They stay like that for a while.  Beat.  Mr. Marschal let brings the notebooks tighter to his body. Cole quietly walks to Malcolm who stands motionless.  He down at Cole in a daze. Cole turns his head, crying.
27) 1) dialog: Can anyone guess what city was the  capital of the United States of  America from 1790 to 1800? Mr. Cunningham turns and stares at his class of eight and year old private school students.  They stare back at him Cole rests his chin on his desk and watches the class wit eyes.
27) 2) dialog: ...I'll give you a hint, it's the  city you live in. The class says the answer in unison.
27) 4) dialog: Right...  Philadelphia is one of  the oldest cities in the country.   A lot of generations have lived and  died in this city...  Almost every  place you visit has a history and a  story behind it. (beat)
27) 5) text: Even this school and the grounds  they sit on...  Can anyone guess  what this building was used for a  hundred years ago, before you went  here, before I went to this school  even? Stanley Cunningham looks over the class of blank faces. just about to answer his own question when he sees a hand Mr. Cunningham looks surprised to see who it is.
27) 6) dialog: Yes, Cole?
27) 8) dialog: That's not correct.  Where'd you  hear that?
27) 10) dialog: Cole, this was a legal courthouse.   Laws were passed here.  Some of the  first laws of this country.  This  building was full of lawyers.   Lawmakers.
27) 12) dialog: I don't know which one of these  guys told you that, but they were  just trying to scare you, I think. Tommy Tammisimo leads the class in a wave of snickering. Cole glances up.  Sees all the eyes on him.  He glances a teacher who is still staring.
27) 14) dialog: Like what?
27) 16) dialog: I don't know how else to look--
27) 18) dialog: Excuse me?
27) 20) dialog: What--
27) 22) dialog: How did you--?
27) 24) dialog: Who have you been s-speaking to? We see Cole's mouth under his covered eyes.
27) 26) dialog: Who! Mr. Cunningham is standing right over Cole's desk now.
27) 28) dialog: S-ssstop that!
27) 30) dialog: S-ssssstop it!
27) 32) dialog: --Shhhhhhut upppp you fffffffreak! MR. CUNNINGHAM SLAMS HIS HAND ON COLE'S DESK.  Cole's han from his eyes.  The teacher's face is burning red. The children in the room are frozen.  Completely startled Cole's eyes are filled with tears. Mr. Cunningham's expression drains of anger as Cole Sear to cry.
48) 4) text: There once was a boy, very  different than other boys.  He  lived in the jungle, and he could  talk with the animals. BACKSTAGE, Mr. Cunningham cues the rest of the children.
64) 0) text: Malcolm stands on a familiar sidewalk.  He stares into th window of Mr. Marschal's brownstone. Inside the window we see Mr. Marschal seated with a group older gentlemen his age.  They sit around a table eating  sandwiches and talking.  Malcolm watches as Mr. Marschal story to his friends.  WE CAN'T HEAR WHAT HE'S SAYING, bu he finishes everyone at the table laughs.  Mr. Marschal s Malcolm can't help smiling as well.  This is not the same saw before.  Life has returned to this house.  Beat. Malcolm turns and moves down the street.  Each step faste the next.
81) 0) text: The room is thick with mourners.  Most are gathered aroun GIRL'S MOTHER, a young woman in her late twenties.  As sh through the room to the kitchen, she receives the many ca hugs, and flowers that are offered as condolence.  Mrs. C leaves the living room. Malcolm watches breathlessly from the doorway as Cole mov through the many adults across the room. The girl's father, MR. COLLINS, a thin man in his late tw is seated on the reading chair next to a T.V.  His face i granite.  No one in the room dares to talk to him.  He st statue-like at an abstract point in the room.
81) 5) text: She wanted to tell you something. The father becomes very still.  His eyes fill with a stor confusion and pain.  After the longest time, the father r and gently takes the box out of Cole's small hands. Cole begins to back away... The father gazes at Cole as he melts into the crowd.  Col reaches Malcolm and the two then slip out of the house. The father looks down in a daze.  He goes to open the jew box.  His movements are slow and strained.  He lifts the and open the box. Mr. Collins stares at an unlabeled video cassette.
83) 0) text: Mrs. Collins is seated at the dining room surrounded by f and family.  She fixes one of the many bouquets of flower table.  It takes her a beat before she feels the stare.  She looks up. Standing in the doorway to the dining room is Mr. Collins group of ashen faced guests stand in the distance behind Husband and wife's eyes meet.  Mrs. Collins smiles softly Mr. Collins' eyes tremble with tears.
83) 1) dialog: (soft)
85) 0) text: Stanley Cunningham moves between two curtains and comes t room door in the back.  He puts an ear to the door, liste then knocks.  After a second, he enters. Mr. Cunningham finds Cole sitting in a poor villager cost FEMALE TEACHER kneels next to him and makes final adjustm Cole and the woman glance at Mr. Cunningham.
85) 1) dialog: They're calling for the stable boy. Mr. Cunningham looks around the room and then directly at
85) 2) dialog: Who were you talking to? The Female Teacher looks to Cole and nods.
85) 8) dialog: You're welcome, Cole. They share a look before walking out of the prop room and entering the hall. We see them walking away.
85) 9) dialog: You know when I was in school,  there was a terrible fire in this  section of the theater.  They  rebuilt the whole thing. Beat.