26) 0) text: We see SEAN, an attractive young man in his late twenties He gets into his car across the street.  He just sits the moment before putting his forehead to the steering wheel.
26) 2) text: Give it up, kid. Malcolm turns away from the window as Sean's car starts u pulls away from Malcolm's house.
57) 0) text: Anna moves to the back desk where SEAN comes out.  He's c an antique bench in his arms. He places it down and takes needed seat.
57) 1) dialog: You don't need someone with a  masters.  You need a wrestler guy  whose neck is larger than his head.
57) 3) dialog: What's this? Anna looks over to find Sean standing at his desk where a BIRTHDAY PRESENT sits on his tabletop.  Sean looks at her
57) 4) dialog: From you? Anna nods, "yes."
57) 5) dialog: Is it wrestling tights? Anna smiles as she moves to his desk.  Sean begins to tea the wrapping paper like a kid at Christmas. Anna laughs.  Sean holds up a weathered hardback copy of GREAT GATSBY."  Beat.
57) 7) dialog: Wow, this is too much.  It's  perfect, Anna. Sean puts down the book and hugs her.  He pulls back a li still holding her.  They smile at each other.   Beat.  The moment goes on just that crucial fraction of a too long.  Their smiles slowly melt away as they continue each other.  Nothing happens for the longest time.   CRASH!  A SHATTERING DOOR SLAM ECHOES THROUGH THE STORE. and Jeffery pull apart.  They rush past the young man and young woman to the front of the store.  They find the gla door cracked in a spider web pattern. They carefully push open the door and step out onto the s Look around.   No one in sight. Anna stares down the empty street.  A concerned expressio face.
66) 0) text: Malcolm moves around the corner on his street.  His mind with thoughts.  And then he glances up.  His steps slow t complete stop. Further down the sidewalk, coming out of the front door o house is SEAN. Malcolm's face turns to stone.  He watches as Sean comes front stairs and starts across the street. A sudden rage surges up.  Malcolm moves towards Sean fast Sean reaches his car and enters it.  He doesn't notice th closing in on him. THE ENGINE STARTS.  Malcolm reaches the car a second late pulls away into traffic almost hitting another car as he Malcolm watches the car disappear down the next street. Malcolm turns and looks up at his home with unchecked ang overwhelming pain erupting his eyes.
67) 2) text: I know you're confused.  It's just...   I'm not prepared to do this, Sean. (beat)