12) 17) text: That's Tommy, Momma. Cole quietly kisses his mother on the cheek and starts ou
13) 0) text: TOMMY TAMMISIMO is a tough-looking, eight-year-old Italia who waits at the bottom of Cole's brownstone stairs in hi uniform.  Cole emerges from the brownstone and moves down the steps Lynn's face appears in the kitchen window. The two boys begin their walk down the street to school. puts his arm around Cole.  Lynn waves.  Cole waves back. When the two boys turn the corner and are out of Lynn's s Tommy rips his arm away.
13) 1) dialog: Hey freak, how'd you like the "arm  around your shoulder" bit.  I just  made it up.  Went with it.  That's  what great actors do.  It's called  improv. Tommy starts to run ahead, he turns and back pedals.
13) 2) dialog: (taunting)
13) 3) text: Be careful...  I hope no one jumps  out and gets you. Tommy runs away. Beat.  Cole looks around nervously.
35) 5) dialog: I even got a trailer.
35) 7) dialog: You're slow, you know that.  The  star of the commercial always has  his own trailer.  You need to think  about your character alone. Tommy glances down the hall and sees Cole standing frozen at the crawl space closet. Tommy grabs Darren.
35) 8) dialog: Darren, check it out. DARREN looks down the hall to Cole.
35) 11) dialog: Something you want to see in there? Tommy points to the crawl space.
35) 13) text: --No. Beat.  Tommy looks to Darren and then back to Cole.
35) 14) dialog: We're going to put on a pretend  play.  You want to be in it? Beat.
35) 16) dialog: It's called, "Locked in the Dungeon." Tommy stares at Darren.  Darren finally gets it.
48) 3) dialog: (Decent British accent)
53) 2) dialog: (on T.V.)
53) 3) text: Mommy, my throat hurts. Cole watches as Tommy's T.V. mother and father give him a spoonful of medicine.
53) 5) text: Pediaease Cough Suppressant...   gentle, fast, effective. Cole watches Tommy running around in his T.V. background, very next T.V. morning.  He's not sick anymore.  Tommy wa the camera smiling and healthy.  The T.V. goes BLACK as C throws his shoe at the power button. He moves to the dinner table where Lynn is seated.  Cole His hands go on the table.  He's wearing a pair of his fa extra large LEATHER GLOVES.  Cole's small hands don't eve the palm area.  Cole has difficulty trying to pick up his glass with the gloves.
88) 3) dialog: (half-heartedly)