17) 0) text: Miranda, carrying her guitar in one hand and her suitcase other, gets out of the cab and heads for the entrance of Lucy@s At the same time, JAMES WYNN, 23, gets out of his pick-up Lucy@s parking lot. James is good-looking in a somewhat dangerous way. H picks up his guitar case and strides over to Lucy@s, getting there just before Mir tries the door. It@s locked.
17) 2) dialog: Was your bus late? She gives him the same attitude back.
17) 4) dialog: Well, it@s a long way from... New York City.
17) 6) dialog: James Wynn. The door is locked.
17) 8) dialog: No, don@t. Lucy doesn@t let anyone in late. That@ll set me back a month. We@ll have to get in some other way.
19) 0) text: Miranda sits on the sidewalk outside the caf@. James lock suitcase in his truck and comes and sits down next to her.
19) 2) dialog: There@1ll be a lot of people coming out in about two hours.
19) 4) dialog: A lot of good that does me. They sit there a moment.
19) 5) dialog: I have an idea. Let@s knock.
21) 0) text: Miranda knocks quietly on the door. No answer. She knocks little louder. The door opens. She gives James a look. A face appears from i it belongs to LINDA LUE LINDEN, 20, a sweetly attractive Southern belle puts her finger to her lips and lets them in. The blond woman finishes and steps off the stage. Lucy ca the next name.
21) 7) text: Onstage, a young singer, eyes closed beneath his cowboy h a heartfelt ballad. He@s pretty good. While he@s performing, James takes his Miranda@s completed applications over to Lucy@s table. He presents them confi as if he has no doubt she@ll accept them. Lucy raises any eyebrow at him, but t applications.
21) 13) dialog: Howdy. James Wynn, from Austin, Texas. I call this one @Friends no more.® He strums the guitar and starts to sing. His voice is str and he@s a charismatic performer. His song is great too (a ballad, e.g. @lIt Onl Me When I Cry@). The audience is drawn into his performance.
22) 0) text: James and Miranda stand next to his truck. He opens the p door and takes out her suitcase. He sets it on the ground. She looks disappo she doesn@t know where she@s going to go now.
22) 1) dialog: You want a lift somewhere?
22) 3) dialog: Just so you know, I@m not taking this personally, these little jabs and put- downs about what a yee-haw hillbilly town you have landed your cosmopolitan self in. Where are you staying?
22) 8) dialog: Thanks. One of the singers approaches; his truck is parked next t We recognize him as Kyle, the one with stage fright. He notices James.
22) 11) dialog: (nods) First week in town.
22) 20) text: (to James) Are you going?
22) 21) dialog: I am.
23) 0) text: Miranda, James, Kyle and Linda Lue sit together at a tabl see quite a few familiar faces from Lucy@s audition at surrounding tables. Everyon bottle of beer except for Linda Lue, who drinks a Shirley Temple.
23) 6) dialog: (To Miranda, pointedly) She has a pool.
23) 20) dialog: Hey, let me see your heart line. Miranda holds out her hand. James pretends to examine it.
23) 21) dialog: You will remain unmarried until the age of 60 . . . at which time you will wed a series of men with one common characteristic.
23) 23) dialog: They will all be named Bubba. Sometimes it will be a nickname, or a middle name. Miranda carefully extracts her hand from James@®. He loo suggestively, as if she@s fighting the impulse to jump him. She answers with real@ look. The music on the jukebox has stopped. Miranda reaches for guitar. She starts to play a song. James watches her, hears the opening chords, reaches for his guitar. James starts playing the same song as Miranda, @I don@t k you don@t want me.@ Miranda begins to sing.
23) 25) dialog: (singing) I don@t know why you don@t want me
23) 27) dialog: (singing) I don@t know why you don@t want me. Kyle and Linda Lue join in. Soon the other hopefuls from audition are singing along, commiserating abut their rejection.
32) 0) text: The place is about half-full; the show hasn@t started yet Miranda, Linda Lue, Kyle, and James share a table near th
32) 6) dialog: I don@t get nervous. Thanks for trying to calm me down, though.
32) 9) dialog: Nothing till after I go on. Miranda looks at Linda Lue
32) 40) dialog: Hi. I@m James Wynn. I@m from Austin, where we like our music with a few rough edges. I hope that@s all right with y@all. If you like this one, maybe you can tell Lucy, let her know Nashville@s ready for something new for a change. Miranda looks confused. She turns to Kyle.
33) 0) text: James leans against his truck, drinking a beer, talking t guys who played behind him. Miranda, Linda Lue and Kyle come out of the bar. Jam says goodnight to the musicians and calls out to Miranda.
33) 1) dialog: Miranda. Come here. She walks over to him, leaving Linda Lue and Kyle waiting
33) 3) dialog: Did you ever have a nickname?
33) 5) dialog: No. That was an icebreaker. He reaches out and takes her hand, surprising her.
33) 7) dialog: You want to go out? Right now?
33) 10) dialog: One half. O.K.? I promise not to run down any of your relatives.
34) 0) text: A large, empty bowling alley parking lot. James@s truck t in circles, tires squealing.
35) 1) dialog: I can@t believe you@ve never driven before.
35) 3) dialog: No. I put that wrong. I believe you when you say you@ve never driven before. A blind man could see you@ve never driven before. Miranda gives him a look and drives over a cement parking James gets an idea.
35) 4) dialog: I know. Step on the middle pedal. She hits the brake. The car stalls.
35) 5) dialog: My fault. I forgot to remind you about the clutch. He opens the glove box and pulls out a bandana. He holds front of Miranda, trying to put it on her like a blindfold. She looks at hi he@s nuts.
35) 7) dialog: Trust me. She lets him blindfold her.
36) 0) text: Miranda drives with the blindfold on. She@s doing much be driving in slow circles. James periodically tells her when to turn, putting his ha steering wheel to help her.
36) 1) dialog: Not too many people know this, but Nashville has a giant magnet - it@s right under this very parking lot - that pulls things in. People, pick-up trucks, old Roy Orbison eight-tracks. It pulled you here. Turn left. She turns to look at him, but can@t because of the bandan
36) 3) dialog: It doesn@t attract everyone. Just hicks and hillbillies and a few rednecks. Songwriters. People who own cowboy hats,
36) 5) dialog: guys with mustaches. If you have a pick-up, sometimes it@ll get pulled with you in it. Some people try to ignore it; they get used to the pull and just never come. My theory about you is that you@ve got this stray piece of hillbilly lodged in you, probably in one of your shoulders. You were smart not to fight it.
36) 7) dialog: Mmm. Turn right. She makes the turn easily, not thinking about the driving
36) 9) dialog: That happened to me when I was seventeen.
36) 11) dialog: How fast are you going?
36) 13) dialog: Fourteen. Shift down and make a sharp right when I say now. ... . Now. Miranda follows his instructions and pulls smoothly onto highway
36) 14) dialog: Speed up. She does, shifting into third.
36) 15) dialog: Faster. Get into fourth.
36) 17) dialog: Promise me you won@t panic. He pulls off her blindfold and she sees that she@s drivin highway. She smiles, proud of herself.
37) 0) text: Miranda and James lie on their stomachs in the back of hi truck, looking off into the distance.
37) 2) dialog: It@s better this way. We see that they are watching a drive-in movie, except th at the drive-in; they@re parked overlooking the drive-in. They have a good the screen, but no speaker. It@s a clear summer night, just barely dark out. movie is @Love Story.®
37) 3) dialog: You can make up your own story. James sits up and reaches for his guitar. He starts to st guitar, nods in the direction of the screen and sings the first line of a son it up as he goes along. He plays, waiting for Miranda to do the second line. She He keeps making up lines, making the song about the characters in the movie. Suddenly, Miranda comes up with a line of her own; it@s just as good as one of James makes up the chorus and they sing together. Miranda rolls over on her back and stares at the sky, her flopped out the back of the truck.
37) 5) dialog: Giant magnet. What@s your favorite song? Miranda answers without hesitation.
37) 7) dialog: Me too.
37) 9) dialog: I think you can feel secure in your position as the only person on the planet whose favorite song is @Hooked on a Feeling®.
37) 11) dialog: 
37) 14) dialog: What can you do that no one else can do?
37) 16) dialog: There@s always something.
37) 18) dialog: I speak Spanish.
37) 20) dialog: Last month, I punched a record producer in the face.
37) 24) dialog: I met this producer in Austin, who wanted to do some demos with me, try and get me a record deal. then as soon as we got into the studio, he started changing my songs, fucking with them so they@d sound more like everyone else. We had a fundamental difference of opinion. And he was a dick.
37) 26) dialog: I believe in doing what you feel like doing at any moment in time.
37) 28) dialog: Don@t you write songs?
37) 30) dialog: The first time I played one of my songs and people connected with it, it was like sex. Well, not exactly. Like the first time you kiss someone and your heart kind of flips, except it doesn@t make you feel weak, it makes you feel strong. If you think it@®s something you want to do, you should try it.
44) 0) text: Miranda and James are in the truck. Miranda drives.
44) 2) dialog: You learned how to drive two weeks ago and you@re already the best driver I know.
44) 4) dialog: Maybe you need to try it with your eyes closed. She looks at him and shakes her head, swerving expertly a car at the same time.
44) 8) dialog: Wednesday. I@ll show you a few tricks. But you have to promise not to get better than me. Miranda pulls into the parking lot for Lucy@s.
45) 0) text: The caf@ hasn@t opened yet. Miranda opens the door, showi for work. James is with her; they kiss goodbye passionately. Lucy looks at t disapproving. Miranda comes in and ties an apron around her waist. Lucy puts gl away behind the bar. Nick is onstage, doing a sound check for his performance
48) 0) text: James and Miranda come up to a gate, carrying their guita walks up to the window and watches a plan taxi up to the gate. Miranda p in a chair.
48) 2) dialog: We@re not here to amuse you, we@re her to get you some inspiration. Look at him. He points at an old man carrying a small bunch of daisies stands looking expectantly at the gate. Miranda looks at him, unimpresse
48) 3) dialog: Waiting for his wife. The woman he married when she was barely seventeen. The woman he loves just as much today as the day he met her.
48) 5) dialog: No. Not me. I don@t write about everlasting love.
48) 7) dialog: How come?
48) 9) dialog: Should be a touching reunion. Not a country song, though. What about him? James points at a man, about 35, who looks anxiously out window at the plane.
48) 11) dialog: Or so she says. That has possibilities. He plays a few chords and sings a line about the American gone wrong. The door opens and passengers start coming into the gate old man searches each face, almost as if he@s frightened. Suddenly his fac up. A short blue-eyed woman comes to him, her smile just like his. He holds her tightly, his fist clenching the daisies behind her back. Nearby, a young couple kisse passionately. James looks at Miranda; he told her so. Miranda stars at couple, who break apart as if slightly embarrassed. The man picks up the wo bags. He@®s forgotten to give her the flowers. The young couple continues to ki The man who was looking out the window is standing on the the crowd of passengers, searching for someone.
48) 12) dialog: Watch him. Finally the man sees who he he@s looking for; a five-year gets off the plane, holding the stewardess@ hand. The little girl sees him an free of the stewardess. She yells @Daddy!@ and runs to her father, who kneels dow catches her, lifting her in his arms. She wraps her little legs around him and hug neck tightly; you couldn@t find an inch of space between them. The father closes his eyes for a moment, smiling. James looks at Miranda, who stares at the father and dau She looks like she@s about to cry. She turns away, embarrassed.
48) 14) dialog: What@s the matter?
48) 16) dialog: O.K. You don@t have to tell me. Miranda steps at an empty waiting area and takes a seat. sits next to her.
48) 18) dialog: What@s wrong with missing someone?
48) 20) dialog: I remember when my grandfather died. I kept waiting for him to come to Sunday dinner.
48) 24) dialog: He looks just like Elvis.
48) 27) dialog: When did he die?
48) 29) dialog: That@s not very long. It@s only natural that you miss him.
48) 31) dialog: You want to go?
49) 0) text: James sits in a deck chair. Miranda sits on the diving bo dangling her toes in the water. It@s a hot summer night; she wears a t-shirt and s She has her guitar, and is singing @Bad Medicine@, which she@s transformed from p to country. She does the first verse, then:
49) 2) dialog: Why do you always stay up all night?
49) 4) dialog: Are you afraid of the dark?
49) 6) dialog: Nightmares?
49) 8) dialog: What@d you do then, when you a nightmare?
49) 10) dialog: So you@ve been sleeping during the day since he died?
49) 14) dialog: I don@t know. James moves toward her, trying to seduce her. she@s going to respond.
49) 16) dialog: You want me to say we@ll be together ina year? Because I can@t say that.
49) 18) dialog: You don@t want to do this.
49) 20) dialog: I@m going to have to ask you to tell me why.
49) 24) dialog: What, you@re jealous? I might not even finish that song. I have a song I started three years ago that@s not done yet.
49) 26) dialog: I don@t care.
51) 0) text: James is onstage, singing. There@s a band behind him. Som people are dancing down front; Linda Lue is among them. Miranda enters and finds sitting down front. She sits with him. James sees her come in and smiles at h
53) 0) text: James finishes a song. Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are st the dance floor. They stand and applaud.
53) 1) dialog: O.K. Thank you. We@re going to do one more for you all tonight. I@ve got a special guest singer on this number. He looks straight and Miranda and smiles.
53) 2) dialog: Her name@s Miranda Presley and I think you@re gonna like her. Miranda just stands there, disbelieving.
53) 4) dialog: Miranda, get on up here. Miranda shakes her head. The other band members lean into microphones and chorus her name, taunting her. She smiles and climbs onst band starts the song. James takes off his guitar; he takes her hand and s into her ear.
53) 5) dialog: You know this one. Miranda realized they@re playing @Hooked on a feeling@. S laughs. The bassist hands her a microphone. James starts to sing, then Miranda come grinning, not nervous at all once she starts to sing. We haven@t heard the song like this before; the sound couldn@t be more country. They@re both having a goo Couples start to dance. Linda Lue watches, standing still the dancers, smiling like a sentimental fool. Kyle stares at James and Miranda, his expression serious, broken heart on his sleeve. The song ends and the audience applauds enthusiastically. hugs Miranda.
53) 7) dialog: (to Kyle) Do you know this guy? Doug Roberts?
53) 9) dialog: He wants to do some master demos with me.
53) 11) dialog: Thanks.
53) 13) dialog: Come here a minute. He takes Miranda@s hand and pulls her over to his truck. into her eyes.
53) 14) dialog: Do you have the feeling that no matter how conclusively we decide not to be attracted to each other, forces beyond our control will pull us together? He moves slowly toward Miranda.
53) 16) dialog: Yes and no. He@s standing right next to her now, and she@s not moving
54) 0) text: A country love song plays on the stereo. James leads Mira one hand into the darkened bedroom. Miranda chatters nervously.
54) 2) dialog: I need for you to shut up now.
54) 4) dialog: I@m trying to picture you as Earlene Mandrell, and you don@t sound a think like her.
54) 6) dialog: I really need for you to shut up now. He kisses her on the neck and unbuttons her shirt. She re undoing his belt buckle. They fall onto the bed and continue to make love.
55) 0) text: Later that night. James wakes up and looks around. He not Miranda is gone, then hears music from another room. He gets up.
55) 1) text: Miranda sits at the kitchen table, quietly playing guitar wearing a loose denim shirt that must be James@. Her notebook is open in front of her writes something down, then looks up and sees James standing in the doorwa
55) 2) dialog: Maybe I@ll start staying up all night. The best things in my life happen after dark. He passes by her, pulling back her shirt to kiss her shou and sits at the table. She keeps playing quietly.
55) 4) dialog: I guess you didn@t believe her.
55) 6) dialog: How@s your song coming?
55) 8) dialog: Every song starts with one line.
55) 10) dialog: Do you remember it? She nods.
55) 11) dialog: Let me hear it. Miranda plays the song. The lyrics are about a father@s devotion to his daughter. She stops after the first chorus.
55) 12) dialog: That@s a nice line, about falling out of the sky and landing in love. He@s hesitant, like he@s searching for something nice to
55) 14) dialog: It@s just. . . well, devotion is a tricky theme. Of course a parent@s devoted to his child. You have to have a point of
55) 16) dialog: view. Like he wants a better life for you than he had for himself. This song starts at the end of the story.
55) 18) dialog: A good song has something to say, even to people who haven@t been in that situation.
55) 20) dialog: I@m just telling you what I thought. 1@ve spent half my life writing songs, I know something about it. I thought you were trying to learn. She stands up.
62) 4) dialog: I like you song.
62) 6) dialog: I@ve missed you. Kyle doesn@t have any choice but to leave. He makes a fis presses it firmly against the table as he gets up.
62) 8) dialog: I@m sorry I didn@t call. I couldn@t call you, I don@t now. That night, after we made love. Miranda@s eyes widen; she looks around as if someone migh heard.
62) 9) dialog: Well, we did. And then I was a jerk. I should have just kept my mouth shut. T@m sorry. I should have told you then.
62) 11) dialog: It wasn@t just my fault, you know. Miranda looks at him questioningly.
62) 14) dialog: I should have told you that night. Lucy appears behind them and shushes him. They look at he guiltily. She leaves. James reaches for Miranda@s hand. She@s reluctant to give him, but he gives her a pleading look and gently takes her hand, placing it palm left hand. With his right, he spells something onto her hand with his finger. she realized what the message is, she turns and watches him finish spelling. He into her eyes. She closes her hand into a fist, turns away, and pulls it und other arm, hugging herself. She watches Linda Lue finishing up her song. Jam recognizing the impact his message had, reaches across Miranda to take her hand She lets him take it in his. James smiles.
63) 1) dialog: You should have passed. Miranda shakes her head.
65) 14) text: James is in the recording studio with a band of session m
65) 16) dialog: We need to bring up the snares.
65) 18) dialog: This tempo@s all wrong.
65) 20) dialog: I@m not deaf. I can tell how it sounds. From the way he says this, we know he hates the way it so
65) 22) dialog: No. That@s not the way I wrote it. James looks determined. Doug leaves the booth and comes i studio to talk some sense into James. The musicians watch, uninterested. They this before.
65) 24) dialog: I know what shit sounds like.
65) 26) dialog: I record this the way I wrote it, or I don@t record it at all. The musicians start to take notice; the fight is finally up.
65) 28) dialog: Don@t do me any favors. He starts to gather up his stuff.
65) 30) dialog: What does everyone know about me?
67) 1) dialog: Hey. I got your note. He holds up a note which reads @James, JAMBOREE! @ arrow.
67) 4) dialog: I punched an influential member of the record industry in the face. They don@t react to the news.
67) 6) dialog: Again. Today.
67) 8) dialog: I@11 tell you on the way.
67) 10) dialog: It@s a surprise. James takes her hands to help her down off the table. says goodbye to Linda Lue.
67) 12) dialog: James walks up with an Miranda It is.
68) 0) text: James and Miranda in James@ truck, driving.
68) 2) dialog: There are clues everywhere. We@re ina truck, on the highway.
68) 4) dialog: Clue.
68) 7) dialog: You do not know what it is to worship Elvis until you@ve seen his personal shit.
69) 0) text: James and Miranda are at the check-out stand, buying chee suzy-q@s and Dr. Pepper.
69) 2) dialog: We@1l drive by the gate. I thought you would want to see it at night. They walk out of the supermarket. James stops by the gumb machines. He puts a quarter in one of the machines and turns the dial. He loo the prize, puts it in his jacket pocket, and tries another quarter. This time he ta prize out of the plastic bubble. He goes to Miranda and takes the grocery store ba her. He sets the bag on the ground and kneels in front of Miranda. James takes her left hand and shows her the prize - it@s colored ring with a blue plastic star. Miranda looks around, embarrassed. The checkers, two midd women (one white, one black), are both watching with smiles on their
69) 5) dialog: Say yes first.
69) 7) dialog: Say yes, or I@ll look like a loser.
69) 11) dialog: Happy? I@m the happiest man on earth! He looks at her and smiles stupidly until she finally has the act and laugh. They grab the groceries and run out of the store, leaving the bewildered.
70) 0) text: James@ truck is parked across the street. James and Miran the back, eating chee-tos, looking at the gate.
70) 1) dialog: His aunt still lives there.
70) 3) dialog: I would. James looks pensively at the house.
70) 4) dialog: You know what this reminds me of? He looks at Miranda; she has no idea.
70) 5) dialog: When I was a kid, my dad used to take me out every weekend. Told my mom we were having a boys® night out, going bowling or to the movies, or the rodeo, if there was one. Then we@d go to his girlfriend@s house; for a long time he was seeing my fifth-grade health teacher. Miranda studies him, looking for signs of sadness at the and finding none.
70) 6) dialog: And I@d sit in the car, we had a blue Pontiac, and he@d leave me the keys, and I@d listen to the radio. (laughs) One night, I taught myself how to drive in that car, waiting for my dad. The antenna had this bend in it. . (motions with his hand) and no matter what I did I couldn@t get one damn FM station in that car. So I@d sit there and listen to the country music station and stare at the house. I never could take my eyes off the house. He takes Miranda@s hand, his eyes still on Graceland.
70) 7) dialog: Just like all those damn cheating songs. And all my life, people would tell me, @James, you@re just like your father.@ And I never said it but I thought, no I@m not. I never lie. I don@t pretend to be a great guy. The high point of my father@s life was a football game in high school. No way was I going to be just like him. But now I wonder if I can help I it. Miranda looks confused.
70) 8) dialog: Sometimes I feel like I@m going to spend the rest of my life with everyone thinking I@m someone I@m not.
70) 10) dialog: You look stupid. You@re a failure. Miranda takes his chin in her hand and turns his face tow She kisses him.
70) 12) dialog: (softly) I@m scared.
70) 14) dialog: Do you feel that?
70) 16) text: It@s pouring now. James and Miranda con in, drenched. The two checkers are there. Their names are SELMA and MARY. Mary is black.
70) 19) dialog: No. We couldn@t find an all-night wedding chapel. Miranda plays her role low-key, convincingly bitchy.
70) 22) dialog: I know she@s a handful, but I1@d die if I lost her.
70) 30) dialog: Cold feet, honey?
71) 2) dialog: We can@t just go. We have to at least tell them we changed our mind.
71) 5) dialog: Let@s get married. She seems to consider this, then come to her senses.
71) 7) dialog: It@s not a joke. We@re in love. What the hell, let@s get married.
71) 9) dialog: We are in love, aren@t we?
71) 11) dialog: Then why haven@t you ever told me?
71) 13) dialog: I love you.
71) 15) dialog: Why not?
71) 17) dialog: Jesus.
71) 19) dialog: Marry me, Miranda
72) 0) text: The frozen foods section has been selected as the wedding Mary and Selma drape pastel toilet paper over the aisles. Raymond some crates to use as a podium, placing one behind for him to stand on. son leans against the freezer, flipping through a Playboy. James is in the toiletries section, putting gel in his ha Miranda comes up next to him and takes a toothbrush and toothpaste.
72) 2) dialog: You know, this is exactly how I pictured my wedding.
72) 3) text: Yeah, mine too. Except. . . oh, shit. She quickly walks away, then back to James. She takes off ring and puts it in his hand.
73) 0) text: It@s time for the ceremony. Raymond stands behind his pod towering over James. Selma and Mary stand off to the side, beaming
73) 6) dialog: I do. James slips the ring on her finger. Raymond draws a deep and pulls back.
74) 0) text: James and Miranda dance. Eric Clapton@s @Pretty Girl@® p over the sound system. Mary dances with Raymond, and Ben reluctantly dan with Selma.
75) 0) text: It@s morning. James and Miranda are inside Graceland. The guide describes the room in a loud, rehearsed voice. Miranda le against James and gazes dreamily at Elvis@® stuff.
75) 2) dialog: We did, remember?
77) 0) text: The pageant@s nearly over. There are five girls on stage: Lue is one of them. Miranda and James slink into the darkened theater a two empty seats next to Kyle.
81) 0) text: Kyle@s song continues over: James and Miranda in bed. Miranda@s wide awake, staring a ceiling. James is still asleep. He stretches, waking up. Miranda turns and closes her eyes, pretending to be aslee looks a little surprised to find Miranda in his bed; we see the m the wedding coming back to him. Now it@s his turn to stare at the cei He reaches over and takes Miranda@s hand; the situation is serious b least they@re in it together. She doesn@t look at him.
82) 0) text: James is alone in the bathroom. He opens the medicine cab has to search for his shaving cream. He looks down and sees two toothpaste resting on opposite sides of the sink. He closes the medi cabinet and starts at the sight of his own reflection, as if he@s looking at for the first time.
83) 0) text: Miranda looks in the refrigerator, which is nearly empty lifts the lid ona pizza box, takes out a slice and takes a bite. She sits d the kitchen table and looks out at the quiet street. Her eyes move down to hands. She holds them in front of her and examines them, like someon hands. She touches the ring James gave her, which looks cheap in the morning light. She twists it off her finger and holds it in her fist, dr knees up to her chest.
84) 0) text: James pulls his truck up outside one of the houses, the o Doug Roberts@ management company. He stays inside the truck, l at the building.
84) 1) dialog: Miranda sits at the table, her notebook open in front of blank page. She slides the ring back and forth on her pen.
85) 0) text: Doug sits behind his desk. He has a black eye. James stan front of him, pleading his case.
87) 0) text: Later that night, Miranda brings some customers their dri heads back to the bar. On her way, she runs into James.
87) 2) dialog: Can you take a break?
87) 4) dialog: You want to know what I did today?
87) 6) dialog: I went to see Doug. I told him he@d be all kinds of sorry if he let me get away. That kind of line works like you wouldn@t believe. Miranda smiles.
87) 8) dialog: I leave for Austin day after tomorrow. I start recording next week. The smile leaves Miranda@s face.
87) 10) dialog: I get to use my musicians this time. This is everything I wanted. I thought you@d be happy for me.
87) 12) dialog: I don@t know. A month or two.
87) 14) dialog: What are you going to do, quit your job so you can hang around and watch me record all day? I thought you@d want to stay here.
87) 16) dialog: What does it mean? She@s getting progressively louder, and so is James. Lucy notices that they@re fighting.
87) 17) dialog: 1@m not even sure we are married, so if you want out, just let me know. I can tear up the certificate.
87) 19) dialog: You think you@ve got me all figured out.
87) 21) dialog: You@re the one who can@t see past two months from now. I don@t think you can see this marriage in a week from now.
91) 0) text: It@s early in the morning. James comes out to his truck, a bag in it, and gets in.
95) 0) text: A different highway. We see James in his truck, heading o Nashville ina different direction.
97) 0) text: James is driving, absently singing @Bad Medicine® to him
99) 0) text: James has picked up a hitchhiker, and old man who listens while James rambles on.
99) 1) dialog: thinks she knows everything about me. Probably thinks I decided to leave because of her, like the world revolves around her . . . she thought she had me with that marriage thing . . . I might have better things to do with the rest of my life He trails off.
100) 0) text: James pulls over and lets the hitchhiker out at a gas sta old man waves as the truck pulls back onto the highway. James dr the same direction as before for about ten seconds, then pulls a U heads back toward Nashville.
102) 0) text: James goes through a dresser, opening and closing drawers They@re all empty. He goes into the kitchen and finds a house key on table.
104) 0) text: James comes into the caf@ and finds Lucy and Nick@s engag party in progress. A singer onstage dedicates a song to the happy who sit ata table near the back. James looks around for Miranda and, seeing her, goes over to Lucy and Nick.
104) 4) dialog: (urgent) When?
104) 7) dialog: Beer. Lucy nods and gets up. James sits down next to Nick.
104) 8) dialog: Congratulations.
104) 10) dialog: You want some advice from an old married man? Don@t leave her.
105) 0) text: Later that night. Kyle is onstage, performing a love song Lucy and Nick. James has moved to the bar; he faces away from the stage. Miranda walks in, carrying her guitar. She finds Lucy and her. Lucy is happy to see her. They have a brief conversation, whic don@t hear because Kyle is singing. We now that Lucy tells her James because Miranda looks over to where he sits. She looks apprehensi takes a deep breath and regains her resolve. Kyle finishes his song. Lucy comes onstage and speaks int microphone.
105) 4) dialog: I did, but I came back. I thought you had left.
105) 7) dialog: I figured out the best thing to do with the rest of my life. She holds the ring out to him. Confused, he takes it back presents him her left hand, and he slips it on her finger. They kiss. they break apart, James notices something behind Miranda. He puts hi on her shoulders and turns her around to look. Lucy opens up the case where she keeps original copies of songs, and pins Miranda@s song up next to them. Miranda watches, smi