21) 9) dialog: I@m, um, Kyle Davidson. I@m from Texas. (laughs nervously) I@m a little nervous, but it doesn@t really show. Kyle clears his throat and stares at the floor.
21) 10) dialog: This song is called @Blue and Blue.В® Kyle seems to be more than just a little nervous; he bare manages to raise his head high enough to sing into the mike. He sings without confi his voice cracking. The songs sounds like it might actually be good if he was butchering it. Lucy stares at Kyle, deep in thought, holding his application. Mirand him too, listening closely to his song.
22) 9) dialog: James, right? Kyle Davidson. They shake hands
22) 10) dialog: Nice job tonight. First time?
22) 13) dialog: No.
22) 15) dialog: Yeah, I liked yours too. Always have. She laughs, then starts to sing Kyle@s song a cappella. I didn@t know it before, we now know it@s a beautiful song. She sings just the first and stops. Kyle stares at her, drawn into her singing, hearing his song the way it be. Even after she stops, he stares at her. Finally, he grins.
22) 16) dialog: That@s it exactly. How did you know that? Miranda doesn@t see what he@s so excited about.
22) 18) dialog: Are you going to Red@s? A bunch of us are going to Red@s. For a beer. Kyle looks like it@s important to him that she goes.
23) 0) text: Miranda, James, Kyle and Linda Lue sit together at a tabl see quite a few familiar faces from Lucy@s audition at surrounding tables. Everyon bottle of beer except for Linda Lue, who drinks a Shirley Temple.
23) 3) dialog: (Whispering, to James) The bottom of the pool? Linda Lue goes on cheerfully, oblivious of the stunned re
23) 9) dialog: My grandmother can tell when a tornado is coming, a week in advance. Linda Lue nods; she knows exactly what he means.
23) 12) dialog: Is that good?
27) 2) dialog: Hi. You look good.
27) 4) dialog: What are you, getting ready to go out? The dog growls at Kyle.
27) 6) dialog: I just saw Linda Lue. She said you@d be asleep. He looks at the dog, who continues a low growl.
27) 8) dialog: Wait. I wanted to ask you something. She open the door again. The dog steps up the growl.
27) 9) dialog: Is that your dog? She looks at him; of course it@s not her dog.
27) 10) dialog: That@s not my question. Will you help me with my singing?
27) 12) dialog: That@s it.
27) 15) dialog: (smiles) Yeah?
27) 17) dialog: Now? She nods, tolerant of his excitement.
28) 0) text: Kyle and Miranda sit in beach chairs on the roof of his a building, with their guitars. There@s a grill next to Kyle; he@s barbequeing something for dinner. Kyle@s finishing up a song, a beautiful ballad (e.g. @Kee from blowing away@). His voice is tentative, and he watches his fingers as he
28) 2) dialog: What do you want to know about it?
28) 4) dialog: My mom gave me this guitar. She said she could tell I had a lot of creative energy.
28) 6) dialog: I don@t know, what about him?
28) 8) dialog: The first time I came to Nashville, I was here four months before I ran out of money and had to turn around and come back home. I thought he@d want me to give it up, since I hadn@t made it. But he just put me back to work on the ranch. Said he could use me until I was ready to give it another go.
28) 10) dialog: Stop me if you@ve heard my life story before.
28) 12) dialog: Of course I don@t have to watch my fingers. It@s part of my style.
28) 14) dialog: I can@t do it.
28) 16) dialog: It@s personal. It@s part of me. You and me, here alone, my singing to you is practically like stripping down naked. Miranda raises her eyebrows, as if he might actually disr
28) 17) dialog: Isn@t it like that for you, singing one of your songs?
28) 19) dialog: I don@t want to be a performer. I@d have to be insane to think I could ever make a dime with this voice.
28) 21) dialog: I do. So I can sing on writer@s night. I can@t get my songs recorded if nobody hears them.
28) 23) dialog: I@ve done about a hundred demos, me songs with other singers. Vince Gill put a song of mine on hold last summer, was thinking about putting it on his new album, but he didn@t end up cutting it. Miranda picks up her guitar.
28) 26) dialog: That@s nice. You write that?
28) 28) dialog: You@re not proving your point until you play me one of your songs. He gets up to check on the barbeque.
28) 30) dialog: You haven@t written any songs?
28) 32) dialog: You just haven@t written any songs yet. Nobody moves from New York to Nashville to be a singer. looks
28) 33) text: Nobody but me. Kyle shakes his head no.
28) 34) dialog: Country music@s all about the words, having something to say. You wouldn@t be here if you didn@t have those words inside you. You just haven@t let them out yet. Miranda considers the potential truth of this.
32) 0) text: The place is about half-full; the show hasn@t started yet Miranda, Linda Lue, Kyle, and James share a table near th
32) 2) dialog: You didn@t say that.
32) 8) dialog: Beer.
32) 41) dialog: I heard he wanted Lucky to let him play without an audition. He had all these reviews from when he played in Austin. I also heard that he shot a record executive in Austin, but I don@t think that part@s true. James signals the band and they kick in with an energetic rockabilly-flavored song. He@s definitely showing he has the talent to back up his
33) 0) text: James leans against his truck, drinking a beer, talking t guys who played behind him. Miranda, Linda Lue and Kyle come out of the bar. Jam says goodnight to the musicians and calls out to Miranda.
40) 2) dialog: No. I@m keeping that one.
40) 4) dialog: Miranda. That one was perfect. Wynonna Judd would use that one.
40) 5) text: Kyle and Miranda come out of the building where they were recording. The walk down the sidewalk, Kyle carrying Miranda@s guitar. Miranda loo not stepping on cracks.
40) 7) dialog: They@1ll put it on a list of available songs, and if someone comes in and wants something like this, they might listen to it.
40) 9) dialog: They all sound that way at first, when you@re the only one who@s ever hear it.
40) 11) dialog: If that@s true, she@ll find out soon enough.
40) 13) dialog: Two words.
40) 15) dialog: No wonder what? She doesn@t answer. He thinks.
40) 16) dialog: No wonder I can@t get anything recorded? No wonder I@1l1l be just another guy who never did what he said he was going to? No wonder I work in a record store? Because I didn@t push my songs on every singer I met? (seems to realize something) Well, I did that, for awhile, but those songs weren@t that good Miranda stops walking. She turns and looks at Kyle.
40) 17) dialog: For your information, I stopped putting all my energy into every new song because I didn@t want to be so damned disappointed all the time. Miranda looks guilty. She begins an apology.
40) 19) dialog: (realizing) You@re right. No wonder. How can I expect anyone else to get excited about my songs if I don@t? I shouldn@t just sit back and wait for someone to find my songs; I should do something to get my songs heard He tries to think of an idea.
40) 20) dialog: What do you think I should do? Miranda takes the demo tape out of her pocket.
40) 22) dialog: What, right now? He gets up and follows her.
41) 0) text: There@s a car parked in the circular driveway. Kyle and M approach the car, trying to be inconspicuous.
41) 2) dialog: I guess we@re the only ones who thought of it. It@s her house. I came to a party here once.
41) 4) dialog: I was parking cars, and this wasn@t my idea.
41) 6) dialog: The thing? I thought you had done this before.
41) 8) dialog: O.K. Time to go.
41) 11) dialog: Shit. Let@s go.
41) 13) dialog: Take that out. It has my name on it. Miranda rolls her eyes at him.
41) 15) dialog: But she@ll know I broke into her car.
41) 17) dialog: I can@t believe I didn@t think of that. The alarm continues to blare. A light comes on inside th Kyle looks up and sees it. Miranda follows his gaze and sees it too.
41) 19) dialog: Where@s the eject? Miranda hears something; she looks down the driveway and police car pulling up.
42) 0) text: Kyle sits in one of a row of chairs against the wall. He angry. Miranda leans over the receiving desk, pleasing with an unsympathetic cop.
42) 2) dialog: (weary) Don@t arrest her. It was my idea.
42) 4) dialog: At least you admit that.
42) 6) dialog: You didn@t mention the one drawback.
42) 10) dialog: Hi. Kyle Davidson. It@s a pleasure to meet you. Wynonna shakes his hand. Miranda looks at him like he@s n
42) 11) dialog: This is Miranda Presley.
42) 18) dialog: Yours was the only car we broke into
42) 23) dialog: (to Miranda) Don@t think this means I forgive you. The copy going through his desk finds what he@s looking f holds up a tape, triumphantly, looks up and sees Wynonna leaving.
46) 0) text: Miranda@s just getting off work. She comes outside and lo around for something. She sees Kyle, leaning against his truck. Miranda stays w is. Kyle walks over to her.
46) 1) dialog: I told Linda Lue I1@d pick you up. I thought we might celebrate. She looks at him doubtfully.
46) 2) dialog: Any idiot would have figured out the one drawback. Miranda smiles.
47) 0) text: Miranda and Kyle walk along the strip on night clubs and shops. It@s a warm night, and they pass musicians playing on the sidewalk fo They pass an open bottle of champagne back and forth, drinking straight out bottle.
47) 1) dialog: It@s lucky for both of us that my song was so good, or we@d be in jail right now.
47) 3) dialog: Hey, I can sing pretty good, I@ll have you know.
47) 5) dialog: Thanks, buddy. He and Miranda walk away.
47) 7) dialog: Not bad? Not bad!
47) 9) dialog: You know what@s funny? Miranda doesn@t answer.
47) 10) dialog: The first time I saw you, I didn@В®t even realize how beautiful you were. She seems affected by this, but only for a moment. She p from him.
47) 12) dialog: It@s not just that, it@s you. I didn@t even care that I got arrested, really, because I was with you. You know how I got better at that song? Miranda@s look says she doesn@t want to know.
47) 13) dialog: I thought about you. About everything I wanted to tell you about how I feel. And I was sober at the time, I promise. Kyle moves toward her. She moves away, starts walking aga trying to lighten the mood.
47) 15) dialog: I@ve always hated that song.
47) 17) dialog: Don@t count on it.
51) 2) dialog: Great. Linda Lue returns, flushed, from the dance floor.
51) 4) dialog: (to Miranda) Who knew she was such a party girl?
51) 6) dialog: Sure.
52) 0) text: Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are on the dance floor. Linda and Kyle are expertly performing the steps. Linda Lue smiles flirtatiously at t next to her; she seems to be in her element. Miranda stands in between them, trying follow. She smacks Linda Lue on the arm to get her attention away from the cowboy. Lue does it slowly to demonstrate, then smiles and nods when Miranda gets it ri We watch the dancing for awhile - a dance floor full of p performing intricate steps in rapid, perfect unison, having the time of their lives.
53) 0) text: James finishes a song. Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are st the dance floor. They stand and applaud.
53) 8) dialog: Yeah. He@s a good manager, been around for twenty years. He has a good reputation.
53) 10) dialog: That@s great. He can get you a record deal. Congratulations.
57) 0) text: Kyle@s pick-up pulls up outside a house. He and Miranda g
57) 4) dialog: There are so many things a person can do with her life. That girl in @FlashdanceВ® was a welder.
58) 0) text: Kyle and Miranda sit in Nick@s kitchen, with Nick and thr musicians, KEVIN, ERICA, and JOE. They@re sitting in a ci around the small kitchen table. There@s a tape recorder o table. Everyone has a beer and one or two of the guys smoke cigarettes. Erica h only guitar in the room, and she sings a song, substituting la@s for one of lines. Kevin sings a line she might use there. Erica sings it back, changing a few word
62) 0) text: The weekly audition is in progress. Miranda and Linda Lue table. Nick sits at the bar. Lucy sits at her usual table in back. Kyle is on doing a nice job with one of the songs we@ve heard before. He finishes triumphantly breathes a sigh of relief, and walks back to the table.
77) 0) text: The pageant@s nearly over. There are five girls on stage: Lue is one of them. Miranda and James slink into the darkened theater a two empty seats next to Kyle.
77) 1) dialog: (whispering) Where were you two?
77) 3) dialog: She was the best one. People were crying when she did her scene.
77) 5) dialog: I don@t know. I think that redhead is married to at least one of the judges. On stage, Linda Lue walks over to stand next to the host.
80) 0) text: Kyle is in his pick-up, playing with the radio as he driv switches from station to station to station, trying to keep an eye on t traffic.
80) 1) dialog: (to himself) Love songs, nothing but love songs Whose idea was love, anyway? He pauses on a station where the dee-jay is introducing a his hand poised over the dial.
80) 3) text: That@s my song. The driver doesn@t say anything. He leans against Kyle@s he can hear the song, and listens appreciatively. Then he calls out t people who are gathering around because of the accident.
81) 0) text: Kyle@s song continues over: James and Miranda in bed. Miranda@s wide awake, staring a ceiling. James is still asleep. He stretches, waking up. Miranda turns and closes her eyes, pretending to be aslee looks a little surprised to find Miranda in his bed; we see the m the wedding coming back to him. Now it@s his turn to stare at the cei He reaches over and takes Miranda@s hand; the situation is serious b least they@re in it together. She doesn@t look at him.
90) 0) text: Kyle leads Miranda out of the bar; she@s a little tipsy. pass a man ina cowboy hat standing on the sidewalk, singing for tips. Mi sings along with him.
90) 1) dialog: I don@t know how productive this was
90) 3) dialog: Let@s get you home.
90) 5) dialog: What.
90) 7) dialog: Nothing. You are perfect.
90) 9) dialog: (soothing) I care. I want you. She shakes her head no. He strokes her hair back off her
90) 10) dialog: I care. I care about you. Miranda still doesn@t look like she@s herself.
90) 12) dialog: Miranda, don@t ask me that right now.
90) 14) dialog: Yes. She pulls him to her slowly and kisses him, passionately. kisses her back, then breaks away gently and looks at her, quietly angry.
90) 17) dialog: Damn it, Miranda, what do you want me to do?
90) 19) dialog: Do you think I have some kind of choice? Miranda gives him a questioning look; she really doesn@t understand how he feels.
90) 20) dialog: Sometimes you hear a song on the radio, and it@s just the song you wanted to hear right then. It@s like a gift. Then it@s over, and you@re just glad you heard it. You don@t want them to play it again right away. You@1ll hear that song again, or another one that@s just the perfect song when you hear it.
90) 24) dialog: You@re the song that stays in my head all day, and I don@t even mind it. You@re my favorite song.
90) 26) dialog: (angry) You know what the problem with you is? You make it so hard for someone to care about you that once they do, there@s no turning back. It@s hot or cold, there@s no lukewarm. Kyle realizes something, sadly.
90) 27) dialog: That@s why James@1l come back Miranda won@t allow herself to hope for this.
90) 29) dialog: Miranda. What are you going to do when he comes back? Miranda sits down on the curb. Kyle sits next to her.
90) 31) dialog: This is your home.
90) 33) dialog: Don@t think that. You can@t live your life thinking that.
90) 35) dialog: You could do that here. You didn@t come here because of your father. You came here to write songs.
90) 37) dialog: You have them inside you. What if you go to New York and you never get them out?
90) 39) dialog: You still have everything that matters. She doesn@t answer. They sit side by side, watching traff by.
105) 0) text: Later that night. Kyle is onstage, performing a love song Lucy and Nick. James has moved to the bar; he faces away from the stage. Miranda walks in, carrying her guitar. She finds Lucy and her. Lucy is happy to see her. They have a brief conversation, whic don@t hear because Kyle is singing. We now that Lucy tells her James because Miranda looks over to where he sits. She looks apprehensi takes a deep breath and regains her resolve. Kyle finishes his song. Lucy comes onstage and speaks int microphone.