21) 0) text: Miranda knocks quietly on the door. No answer. She knocks little louder. The door opens. She gives James a look. A face appears from i it belongs to LINDA LUE LINDEN, 20, a sweetly attractive Southern belle puts her finger to her lips and lets them in. The blond woman finishes and steps off the stage. Lucy ca the next name.
21) 6) dialog: I@m afraid so. (smiling, into the microphone) Hi, I@m Linda Lue, from Briar Hill, Alabama. I jut finished this one, it@s called @Heaven knocked on my door.@ Linda Lue starts her song; she has a sweet voice, but it@ Her song is cute, using silly metaphors. She@s not awful, but she@s not esp good, either.
22) 7) dialog: Oh, you@re welcome. I don@t normally flaunt the rules, but my little voice told me I should open that door. And I do believe it was right. (to James) You were real good. You got a lot of presence up there. Some people, they sing real good, but they got no presence, you know?
22) 19) dialog: That sounds like fun.
23) 0) text: Miranda, James, Kyle and Linda Lue sit together at a tabl see quite a few familiar faces from Lucy@s audition at surrounding tables. Everyon bottle of beer except for Linda Lue, who drinks a Shirley Temple.
23) 2) dialog: Well, it@s four if you count Eddie. He was my mother@s second cousin on her mother@s side. He was found at the bottom of my inflatable play pool. I found him, actually.
23) 4) dialog: I noticed you have your suitcase. Do you have a place to stay? Miranda just looks at her.
23) 8) dialog: Oh, I can see that you@re not. I@m an excellent judge of character. I@ve got a touch of the power. Miranda doesn@t want to ask what the power is.
23) 10) dialog: Some things are beyond our comprehension. (to Kyle) Let me see your palm. He gives it to her.
23) 11) dialog: Now you, you got a real strong heart line, see it here.
23) 13) dialog: Well, sure, but it can also be a little dangerous. My cousin Lester, he had a similar heart line, and he threw himself in front of a speeding train in the name of love. Miranda smirks.
23) 15) dialog: Isn@t that a coincidence. You want me to do yours? Linda Lue reaches for Miranda@s hand. Miranda drops the p and lets her have it.
23) 17) dialog: All right. (looking at Miranda@s hand) Oh, well I envy you this life line. You@re going to make your mark. People will remember you when you@re gone. Miranda pulls her hand back.
23) 18) dialog: I@m not saying it@1ll be soon. Don@t you want me to read your heart line? Miranda doesn@t offer her hand.
23) 28) text: Linda Lue has apparently had a hand in the decorating of it@s hard to believe the motel provided matching floral chintz drapes, bedspre pillows, or a framed photo of Loretta Lynn. Linda Lue@s dog, of the tiny furry variety, sits on his own floral pillow. Miranda throws her suitcase on one of
23) 29) dialog: You can have either bed. I@ve been using this one She points to the one Miranda has not chosen.
23) 30) dialog: but you can take whichever you want. Miranda leaves her suitcase where it is and looks around. are several stacks of Bibles in the room. She lifts the cover of one, verifying it is, and decides not to deal with this information.
23) 32) dialog: (into phone) Hello? Hi, Mama. . . Well, I just got in this second, Mama. . . Things are real good. Linda Lue sits up straight, her right hand flat on her be Without looking down, she crosses her fingers, first on her right hand, then on her the one holding the phone.
23) 33) dialog: Uh-huh. (brightly) I passed my audition. Miranda@s eyes open; she tilts her head back and looks at Lue upside down. She@s surprised at the lie but, then again, she really do give a shit. Miranda gets up and opens her suitcase. She takes out a pair of jeans.
23) 34) dialog: Well, I was waiting for you take a breath, Mama, so I could get a word in. Yeah, just like Loretta. Linda Lue rolls her eyes at Miranda, who@s changing into
23) 35) dialog: Only prettier. Miranda smiles. She pulls a black leather-bound notebook her suitcase and picks up her guitar. Linda Lue covers the mouthpiece with her h
23) 36) dialog: Are you going somewhere?
23) 38) dialog: But it@s late. Don@t you want to go to bed?
23) 40) dialog: Well, all right. I@11 be seeing you.
23) 42) dialog: (into phone) I@m listening, Mama. Who died? Well, what was it that killed him?
24) 1) dialog: Did I remember to give the spare room key?
24) 3) dialog: Do you hate me?
24) 5) dialog: I was hoping we could be great friends.
24) 7) text: Why not? Miranda glances down at Linda Lue@s foot, which sticks ou under the table.
24) 11) dialog: Some people aren@t exactly the people you they are when you first meet someone. She gets up and pads out of the coffee shop. Miranda watc go.
26) 0) text: Miranda enters the darkened motel room. The mess she left been cleaned up; apparently Linda Lue unpacked for her. Miranda pulls off jeans, removes her bra without taking off her t-shirt, and crawls into bed. Meanwhile, in the other bed, Linda Lue opens her eyes, se Miranda, and stretches. She gets out of bed, picks up her robe and goes to the ba The dog jumps off Linda Lue@s bed and goes to sleep with Miranda.
30) 0) text: Miranda comes in and gets ready for bed. Linda Lue isn@t bed. We hear water running, then singing as she finishes her shower. The dog into Miranda@s bed.
30) 2) dialog: His name ain@t Buster.
30) 4) dialog: Mr. Dog. Linda Lue says this as if it@®s a perfectly normal name. pulls on boxer shorts.
30) 6) dialog: Well, he would have told me. We discuss practically everything.
30) 8) dialog: I put your t-shirts in the second drawer, your underthings are in the top drawer, and pretty much everything else is in the closet, light to dark. Miranda looks at her disbelievingly; Linda Lue gets nervo
30) 9) dialog: Left to right. There was a lot of black. I guess you know that. I can@t wear black, it just washes me out. You ain@t mad, are you? She doesn@t seem the least bit mad.
30) 13) dialog: I@m trying to be more forthcoming.
30) 16) dialog: I made these myself. I work at the Praise The Lord print company.
30) 18) dialog: Oh, lord no. These are all misprints. (picks one up, pages through it) This one has Chapter Four from Yogi Berra@s autobiography right in the middle of Revelations. Jesus comes back and says (CONT@D)
30) 19) dialog: @lt ain@t over till it@s over.@ We couldn@t ship it that way. People might think Jesus had already come back, and he@s been Yogi Berra all along.
30) 23) dialog: These really are misprints, they@re just mostly upside down, though. But here@s a booklet that@s supposed to be on how to accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior, and see, it@s all recipes for fun desserts you can make with Cool Whip. I didn@t make that up, swear to God.
32) 0) text: The place is about half-full; the show hasn@t started yet Miranda, Linda Lue, Kyle, and James share a table near th
32) 5) dialog: (to James) Now, don@t you be nervous. You@re going to be just fine. You get a case of the nerves, you arteries can explode. You could look healthy as a horse, except you@d be dead. I@ve seen it myself.
32) 11) dialog: Nothing for me, thanks. Miranda makes her way over to the bar. Nick, the audition dedicated his song to Lucy, sits on a barstool. Miranda orders from the bart
33) 0) text: James leans against his truck, drinking a beer, talking t guys who played behind him. Miranda, Linda Lue and Kyle come out of the bar. Jam says goodnight to the musicians and calls out to Miranda.
33) 9) dialog: I guess she found a ride. (calls out) James. How many beers have you had? James hold up his beer bottle and tosses it in the trash.
33) 11) dialog: Have a nice time.
51) 0) text: James is onstage, singing. There@s a band behind him. Som people are dancing down front; Linda Lue is among them. Miranda enters and finds sitting down front. She sits with him. James sees her come in and smiles at h
51) 3) dialog: Hey, good, you made it. Come and dance. This old stick-in-the-mud (points to Kyle) hasn@t danced with me once.
52) 0) text: Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are on the dance floor. Linda and Kyle are expertly performing the steps. Linda Lue smiles flirtatiously at t next to her; she seems to be in her element. Miranda stands in between them, trying follow. She smacks Linda Lue on the arm to get her attention away from the cowboy. Lue does it slowly to demonstrate, then smiles and nods when Miranda gets it ri We watch the dancing for awhile - a dance floor full of p performing intricate steps in rapid, perfect unison, having the time of their lives.
53) 0) text: James finishes a song. Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are st the dance floor. They stand and applaud.
53) 3) dialog: Go on up, Miranda.
59) 0) text: Linda Lue folds laundry while Miranda sits cross-legged o table, playing her guitar.
61) 0) text: Miranda sits cross-legged on her bed, her notebook open o lap. Linda Lue@s bed is neatly made. Linda Lue emerges from the shower.
61) 1) dialog: Oh good, you got in. Are you coming to the audition today?
61) 7) dialog: Signs of aging.
61) 9) dialog: Well, I like Barry Manilow more than I used to. You know what I don@t get?
61) 11) dialog: You and James. You have one little spat and you don@t call him and he doesn@t call you.
61) 13) dialog: I thought you really liked him
62) 0) text: The weekly audition is in progress. Miranda and Linda Lue table. Nick sits at the bar. Lucy sits at her usual table in back. Kyle is on doing a nice job with one of the songs we@ve heard before. He finishes triumphantly breathes a sigh of relief, and walks back to the table.
62) 3) dialog: Hi there. I@m Linda Lue, from Alabama. This song is called @I went looking for Jesus .@ Linda Lue begins to sing; her song is about misprinted Bi and, true to her style, it@s unrelentingly cute. Miranda glances at Lucy to get h reaction, but is unable to read her expression. James walks over and sits next to Miranda. She@s surpris him. Kyle isn@t happy to see him. They speak in low voices.
63) 0) text: Lucy announces the results of the audition. She calls out name; he passed this time. Linda Lue lets out a whoop and hugs him. Miranda sm too. Lucy get to the end of the list. Linda Lue wasn@t on it; was Miranda. Linda Lue looks disappointed. Miranda takes the news well.
65) 0) text: Miranda and Linda Lue are taking the dog for a walk. Mira holds a flyer advertising the Miss Nashville pageant.
65) 1) dialog: And there@s prizes, and scholarships, and the winner goes to the Miss Tennessee pageant. They come up to a playground.
65) 3) dialog: You have no way of knowing this, since you are asleep during most of my waking hours, but I have been having serious doubts about my future as a songwriter, which has been my one goal since I was eleven years old and saw @Coal Miner@s Daughter® for the first time. Miranda places the dog at the top of the slide and hold h facing towards the drop. The dog starts to wiggle eagerly and she lets him g slides to the bottom, where Linda Lue catches him and carries him around to do
65) 4) dialog: But lately I@ve been thinking about something my late grandmother Tilly use to say. She would say, @lLook at your breakfast. You@ve got your bacon, and your eggs. Now, the hen was involved in your breakfast, but that hog was committed. @ Linda Lue releases the dog down the slide to Miranda. The continue to take turns putting the dog down the slide.
65) 5) dialog: Lately I@ve been feeling more like that hen. If I thought I could really do it, that might be another story.
65) 7) dialog: Miranda, I believe it is within my ability to learn to walk in high heel, discuss (CONT@D)
65) 8) dialog: the role of the woman in today@s society, and tease my hair in one week.
65) 10) dialog: World peace. No, clean air.
65) 12) dialog: What do I care? TI hate kids.
66) 2) dialog: I think it@s highly unlikely I@11l be reciting the pledge of allegiance. Linda Lue sticks her head out the bathroom door, pulling out of her hair.
66) 3) dialog: Much less with a Bible on my head. Miranda puts her arms straight out at her sides and the B off her head.
66) 6) dialog: You think so? Is it enough?
66) 12) dialog: I@ll be on stage, I want them to see my eyes.
66) 14) dialog: You@re my best friend, you know. Miranda@s emotional too, but embarrassed. She turns away the mirror.
67) 0) text: A record store with a small outdoor stage behind it, wher @jamborees® are held at night. There@s an all-night miniature golf course next do Miranda and Linda Lue@s motel is just across the parking lot. It@s a warm n and people are playing golf, sitting in the adjacent picnic area or on top of th in the parking lot, listening to the music. This is a traditional country music affair; band is also made up of older musicians, all men, and includes a banjo an fiddle. Miranda and Linda Lue sit on top of a picnic table. to them
67) 3) dialog: Hey, James. How@s your career coming?
76) 0) text: The theater where the beauty pageant is being held. Linda onstage, doing a scene from @Coal Miner@s Daughter@. Someone read other parts woodenly from off-stage. Linda Lue is an extremely emotio actress and several women in the audience wipe tears from their eyes of her performance.
77) 8) dialog: Well, that@s the idea, ain@t it? The host chuckles.
77) 10) dialog: By family you mean the family I plan to have.
77) 12) dialog: Well in that case, I would say neither. My friends are more important to me than my career, whatever that may turn out to be, and my career is more important to me than a husband and a bunch of screaming kids. The host clears his throat.
78) 0) text: Later. Linda Lue and the redhead are the only contestants on stage.
79) 0) text: Linda Lue stands among a group of contestants, holding a of roses. Miranda come up to her and hugs her.
79) 2) dialog: I can@t believe they gave me runner-up after I said that about screaming kids. Miranda laughs.
79) 4) dialog: Did you see my talent?
79) 6) dialog: Married?
79) 8) dialog: I was really good. I found something I can do, Miranda. I can@t spend a year cutting ribbons at supermarket openings.
88) 0) text: Miranda sleeps in her old bed. In the other half of the r Linda Lue is packing to leave. The dog climbs in her suitcase and she out and sets him on the bed. It looks like she@s almost done. Her side the room now looks like a typical tacky motel room; no floral bedsprea picture of Loretta Lynn. Miranda opens her eyes.
88) 1) dialog: Hey, you. I thought you were going to sleep through my departure.
88) 3) dialog: Do you want to tell me what happened with you and James? Mirada sits up.
88) 5) dialog: (meaningful) And you didn@t have any second thoughts of your own.
88) 7) dialog: Can I tell you a story?
88) 9) dialog: Just one. When my Aunt Lydia was eighteen, she was engaged to marry Henry Esterbrook. However, the week before the wedding, Henry eloped with Marianna Fine. Aunt Lydia was so devastated she thought she@d rather be dead than be without Henry, so she decided to hang herself.
88) 11) dialog: There@s more. Lydia went to the hardware store to buy a length of good strong rope, she couldn@t have weighed less than two hundred pounds, and the man that sold her that rope turned out to be her destiny. She married him that summer. My Uncle Ernie.
88) 13) dialog: My Uncle Ernie was bitten by a poison centipede later that same year. He died instantly. But that is beside the point and you know it. There is someone out there for everyone, and even if your head doesn@t know it, your heart does.
88) 15) dialog: Just like yours took to Memphis. Remember the night I met you? I read your palm?
88) 17) dialog: Sometimes people want to be surprised. Linda Lue reaches for Miranda@s hand. Miranda lets her ta Linda Lue examines it; we get the idea she may inventing the readin
88) 18) dialog: See, it@s the same as before. You are not one to settle for the easiest thing - I think that@®s true. A challenging relationship. . . that can be very romantic; to me that seemed like you and James, both of you so pig-headed.
88) 20) dialog: The important thing to know is to follow your heart. Don@t go against what it@s telling you, and don@t bury anything that ain@t dead. Miranda pulls her hand back.
88) 22) dialog: No one that you don@t kill with your own two hands. You know, maybe next week would be a better time for me to leave.
89) 0) text: Linda Lue and the dog are gone. Miranda sits cross-legged bed, her notebook open in front of her. We hear Pam Tillis passion singing @Maybe it was Memphis.@® Miranda picks up a piece of paper that looks like her mar certificate. She folds it in half and cuts it into a heart shape. She unfo and cuts the heart into pieces with a jagged break. She positions them on a her notebook. There@s a knock at the door. Miranda opens it to find Kyl standing there.