13) 2) dialog: As you go in, make sure you take an application. No one tries out without filling one of these out. Hurry it up, doors close at 3:05. Anyone not inside by 3:05 gets locked out. Lucy goes back inside. The line files in.
14) 0) text: A cozy restaurant with small tables, country music memora the walls, and a small stage. Lucy stand on the stage with a stack of completed applica her hand.
14) 1) dialog: Thank you all for coming today. When I call your name, come right up on stage. Pretend like you@re in a hurry, we got all day but there@s a lot of people want to be famous here. If it@s your first time here, you should know: if you don@t pass, it just means I don@t think you@re ready. Go home and keep at it and come back again. Don@t give up unless you can@t stand to listen to your own material. All right, let@s get to it. Lucy looks at the first application.
14) 2) dialog: Cash Wilneck, get on up here.
17) 0) text: Miranda, carrying her guitar in one hand and her suitcase other, gets out of the cab and heads for the entrance of Lucy@s At the same time, JAMES WYNN, 23, gets out of his pick-up Lucy@s parking lot. James is good-looking in a somewhat dangerous way. H picks up his guitar case and strides over to Lucy@s, getting there just before Mir tries the door. It@s locked.
18) 0) text: Another young songwriter auditions. This one plays the fi has a friend backing him up on guitar. He@s energetic, but the song isn@t very Lucy sits in the back of the crowded room. She reveals no expression as she watches the songwriter, but we see her head shake @no@В® slightly makes a notation on his application and places it in what is presumably the rejec
21) 0) text: Miranda knocks quietly on the door. No answer. She knocks little louder. The door opens. She gives James a look. A face appears from i it belongs to LINDA LUE LINDEN, 20, a sweetly attractive Southern belle puts her finger to her lips and lets them in. The blond woman finishes and steps off the stage. Lucy ca the next name.
21) 1) dialog: Nick Reynolds. NICK REYNOLDS, early 30@s, gets up to and goes to the sta James and Miranda sit down with Linda Lue at a table near the door. Linda L some blank applications on the next table and hands them to James an Nick takes the stage. He wears a baseball cap with a tru company logo. He sits at the microphone and addresses the room.
21) 4) dialog: Next. Linda Lue Linden. We see Lucy look up, amused.
21) 5) dialog: Goodness, honey, is that your name? Linda Lue hurries toward the stage.
21) 7) text: Onstage, a young singer, eyes closed beneath his cowboy h a heartfelt ballad. He@s pretty good. While he@s performing, James takes his Miranda@s completed applications over to Lucy@s table. He presents them confi as if he has no doubt she@ll accept them. Lucy raises any eyebrow at him, but t applications.
21) 12) dialog: James Wynn James gets up and picks up his guitar. He strides up and the stool. He looks straight out at the audience and introduces himself. His manner is folksy.
21) 15) dialog: Miranda Presley, looks like you get to be the fat lady. Miranda takes the stage. She looks good. Not too nervous.
21) 17) dialog: Excuse me. Excuse me. Miranda? Honey, do you have another song? Miranda smiles, rolling with the punches.
21) 21) dialog: Well, come on back when you do, 0O.K.? Miranda hops off the stage, spirit intact.
21) 23) dialog: Now. I@m going to read off the names of the people who passed for next month@s performances. If I read your name, come see me to sign up for which night you want to play. Nancy Butterworth, Nick Reynolds, Tom Mortenson, Ricky Hogan, James Wynn.
23) 0) text: Miranda, James, Kyle and Linda Lue sit together at a tabl see quite a few familiar faces from Lucy@s audition at surrounding tables. Everyon bottle of beer except for Linda Lue, who drinks a Shirley Temple.
32) 21) dialog: Well, if it isn@t Miss Presley. What can I do for you, honey?
32) 24) dialog: Then why am I out here? Miranda looks at Nick accusingly.
32) 26) dialog: Nick, I@ve got a million things to do. Darcy called me at four in the afternoon to tell me she was quitting.
32) 28) dialog: Oh, she@s going on tour with Rodney Crowell or some fool thing.
32) 30) dialog: (to Miranda) Darcy@s a singer. She met Rodney Crowell right in the very establishment, slipped him a tape, which is against the rules, and now she@s singing back-up on his tour. Nick@s a sucker for a happy ending, but they@re few and far between, if you ask me. Lucy heads for the back room.
32) 33) dialog: No apology necessary. Just don@t pull that again. You@re welcome to try out anytime with something of your own. (sighs) And you can have the waitress job, if you decide you@re interested by tomorrow afternoon. But no passing tapes to the customers. Lucy goes into the back room. The bartender has finally f the Shirley Temple, and Miranda picks up her drinks.
37) 32) text: Miranda walks down the sidewalk toward Lucy@s. she passes laundromat. Inside, a man sits on a washing machine playing his guitar and sing his clothes spin in the dryer. Miranda stops and listens to him a moment; he@ bad. She continues down the sidewalk and goes inside Lucy@s
45) 0) text: The caf@ hasn@t opened yet. Miranda opens the door, showi for work. James is with her; they kiss goodbye passionately. Lucy looks at t disapproving. Miranda comes in and ties an apron around her waist. Lucy puts gl away behind the bar. Nick is onstage, doing a sound check for his performance
45) 2) dialog: The microphone is fine, Nick.
45) 5) dialog: If you think there@s something you don@t already know.
45) 10) dialog: I expect you@ll keep asking me about this until you hear the whole sorry story. Miranda looks at her expectantly.
45) 12) dialog: I met Nick about. . . eight years ago. My husband and him.
45) 15) dialog: My husband played guitar in Nick@s band. Nick started acting pretty much the way he acts now, only then I was young and didn@t have much sense. NICK (singing) I wouldn@t give you a dollar, for all the sense in the world.
45) 19) dialog: Nick got a record deal. He cut an album and went on tour. His first night on the road, he called me up and started talking about. . . what was it, Nick? Space?
45) 21) dialog: Well, his album didn@t exactly set any sales records, and his record label dropped him. Before I knew it he was hanging around here, thinking I was fool enough to take him back.
45) 25) dialog: He hasn@t said anything so far to make me think he@s learned one damn thing. I2@m going to open up. She walks over to unlock the front door.
45) 27) dialog: Get off my stage, Nick.
50) 0) text: Later that night. The performances are over, and only a f songwriters hang around, making arrangements to get together and write. Miranda pu last chair up. She goes over to Lucy, who@s counting receipts at one of the
50) 1) dialog: You can leave if you want, honey. Miranda sits with her.
50) 2) text: Lucy, do you think anyone can be a songwriter
50) 3) dialog: I@ve seen some people who tried about as hard as a person can try and just never get it, you know? I don@t think you can learn it. I can@t do it. Miranda looks discouraged.
50) 4) dialog: I didn@t mean to bring you down.
50) 6) dialog: You know what@s in this case? She points to the glass case on the wall behind her, whic contains tacked-up papers with handwriting on them: pages torn from notebooks, cock napkins, an air- sickness bag. Miranda looks and shakes her head no. Lucy up and examines the writing.
50) 7) dialog: These are all songs, by my songwriters. Theyre not all hits, but they@re special songs. @Like a miracle, some golden words roll off of someone@s tongue.@ Some of the took ten minutes, some if them took years. Every one of these songwriters would tell you it@s worth it. You write a song like one of these, and you can@t ever give up again. You know what it feels like to be special, and there@s nothing and no one that can give you that same kind of special. Lucy sits back down to get back to work.
50) 8) dialog: That@s why I worry about you, being with James.
50) 10) dialog: It doesn@t matter how wonderful he is if he@s only going to break you heart.
50) 12) dialog: Goodnight, honey. Miranda leaves. Nick@s standing nearby. He watches her go
62) 0) text: The weekly audition is in progress. Miranda and Linda Lue table. Nick sits at the bar. Lucy sits at her usual table in back. Kyle is on doing a nice job with one of the songs we@ve heard before. He finishes triumphantly breathes a sigh of relief, and walks back to the table.
62) 1) dialog: Miranda Presley. Miranda takes the stage. She introduces herself quickly a the song she sang at Nick@s house. She@s left in the line that the other music liked. It@s the most evocative line in the song, and it seems out of place wit rest of the lyrics. Luc watches Miranda with a small smile on her face; she@s imp that Miranda is taking this seriously. We see now that James is standing just inside the door; h have been there since before Miranda started playing.
62) 2) dialog: Linda Lue Linden, go on up and show us your stuff, honey. Miranda passes Linda Lue on her way back. They exchange s Linda Lue takes the stage.
63) 0) text: Lucy announces the results of the audition. She calls out name; he passed this time. Linda Lue lets out a whoop and hugs him. Miranda sm too. Lucy get to the end of the list. Linda Lue wasn@t on it; was Miranda. Linda Lue looks disappointed. Miranda takes the news well.
64) 0) text: Later that day, after the auditions are over, Miranda has up for work and is tying on an apron around her waist. Lucy comes in. Mirand smiles at her, showing her she@s not angry about the audition.
64) 1) dialog: Hey, I thought you did real good today.
64) 3) dialog: You know why I bought my own place?
64) 5) dialog: That@s exactly right, honey. I think you got a real good start, but I wouldn@t be doing you any favors if I let you play this soon.
64) 7) dialog: What@s this?
66) 16) text: It@s closing time. Lucy@s behind the bar, Nick is there a usual seat. He gets up to leave.
66) 18) dialog: Goodnight.
66) 20) dialog: Tomorrow night? Nick nods. If he@s surprised, it doesn@t show.
66) 21) dialog: What time?
66) 23) dialog: Eight o@clock. That@ll be fine.
86) 0) text: The music ends. Miranda shows up for work. Lucy looks sur to see her.
86) 1) dialog: You@re early. Miranda looks at her watch.
86) 3) dialog: Forty-five minutes. You feeling all right? You look exhausted. Miranda sits down at the bar.
86) 5) dialog: You and James? Congratulations! Miranda looks at Lucy like she things she might be joking
86) 7) dialog: Well, honey, I got me a whole new attitude on the subject of love. She holds out her left hand. There@s a diamond ring on he finger. Miranda smiles.
86) 9) dialog: I changed my mind.
86) 11) dialog: I don@t know why he didn@t just come out and tell me how he really felt.
86) 13) dialog: We@re having an engagement party Friday. We@d like you to sing.
86) 18) dialog: Well, you@ve got two days. You@11l come up with something.
86) 20) dialog: I have to admit, I@m starting to believe in happy endings. Looks at you and James - I never did figure that boy to be the type to commit.
86) 22) dialog: I don@t think he does anything without looking first. If he said @I do@, then he does. Miranda smiles, reassured.
104) 0) text: James comes into the caf@ and finds Lucy and Nick@s engag party in progress. A singer onstage dedicates a song to the happy who sit ata table near the back. James looks around for Miranda and, seeing her, goes over to Lucy and Nick.
104) 2) dialog: No, honey, I@m sorry. Lucy doesn@t want to have to tell him
104) 3) dialog: She told me she was going back to New York. This is a blow, but James still has hope.
104) 5) dialog: She left this morning. James deflates, his hope gone.
104) 6) dialog: Honey, why don@t you sit down. I@ll get you some champagne. James shakes his head.
105) 0) text: Later that night. Kyle is onstage, performing a love song Lucy and Nick. James has moved to the bar; he faces away from the stage. Miranda walks in, carrying her guitar. She finds Lucy and her. Lucy is happy to see her. They have a brief conversation, whic don@t hear because Kyle is singing. We now that Lucy tells her James because Miranda looks over to where he sits. She looks apprehensi takes a deep breath and regains her resolve. Kyle finishes his song. Lucy comes onstage and speaks int microphone.
105) 1) dialog: Kyle Davidson. Thank you, Kyle. Everyone applauds as Kyle climbs off the stage. He sees M waiting to go on and grins, surprised and glad that she@s back. He h and we see from the look on his face that he knows he@s really lost The applause dies down.
105) 2) dialog: Now, this next performer is kind of special to me, and I@m real glad she could make it here tonight. Here she is, Miranda Presley. James turns around. Miranda sits on the stool and positio stand so that she can read the pages she tore from her notebook. She lo nervous, but determined. She doesn@t look at James. Miranda begins to play. She begins to sing the lyrics, lo down and reading them. The song she@s written is beautiful, and e personal journey. She@s realized that she has to accept her painfu emotions before she can experience joy. The song hardly resembles the one she auditioned with earlier, but the one line she said she didn@t understand there, and fits perfectly in the new version of the song. The audience recognizes the beauty of this song. Most jus it, but we see pride on the faces of Nick, Lucy, and Kyle. James loo someone who@d fallen in love all over again. Miranda realizes tha everyone is listening to what she has to say, and she loves it. She looks at Ja letting him know the man she loves in the song is him. She finishes the so there@s a pause before everyone applauds. James@ seat is now empty. smiles triumphantly and gets off the stage. She@s looking for Ja she doesn@t see him. People are congratulating her, but she@s startin worry. Suddenly, someone takes her hand. She looks next to her and sees Ja