1) 0) text: A small New York City apartment, sparsely furnished. MIRA PRESLEY, 21, sits on the floor amid moving boxes and suit packing to move out. She@s sorting through a stack of old record albums, through them as she piles them in a box. We catch sight of some relics from t era as well as several classic country albums - Donny Osmond and the @Saturday N Fever@® soundtrack mixed in with Patsy Cline and Hank Williams and Elvis. Af brief look, she piles them in a box and closes the lid. She looks outside her w and sees the sun coming up; she@s been up all night. Miranda goes over to the window and opens it. It@s barely out, but already the sound of someone@s radio filters in. We hear a car alarm in the distance. Miranda drags a large, full trash bag over to the window, down, and heaves it out.
2) 0) text: The trash bag falls from a fifth-floor window and into a overflowing with about ten huge trash bags; Miranda@s thrown out a lot of The garbage truck arrives just as the bag lands in the dumpster.
3) 0) text: The sun@s all the way up now. It@s a bright June morning. teenage boys sit on the stoop next to Miranda@s building. They have a boom box, a hear loud street music. Miranda comes out of her building carrying a movin She wears Levi@s cut off mid-thigh, sneakers, and a black leather jacket over shirt. She carries the box down the front steps and drops it on a pile on the si front of a waiting cab. The cab driver just leans against his car, watching her
3) 1) dialog: You know what would be great? If you could just stand there, watching me carry all these boxes out by myself. Don@t carry out any yourself, don@t hold the door for me, and whatever you do, don@t put them in your cab. And if you could possible start the meter running now. She leans over and peers into the cab. The meter@s runnin smiles at the cab driver, who doesn@t seem to understand English.
3) 2) dialog: Perfect. Good job. Thank you. She gives him a thumbs up. He smiles and gives her one ba She goes back for another box
5) 0) text: A large, expensively furnished apartment. Miranda@s boxes piled in the hallway. ELLEN DALY, 43, and immaculately dressed socialite, looks mild distaste at the boxes cluttering her hallway.
5) 2) dialog: You should see how much I threw out. Ellen walks in and sits on the couch. She sits formally; doesn@t exactly radiate warmth. Miranda turns away from the photos.
5) 3) dialog: You can ship them to me as soon as I get an apartment.
5) 5) dialog: I@m not coming back. Ellen looks at her like she doesn@t believe her, but she@ along.
5) 6) dialog: Mom, I told you, I@m moving. Ellen occupies her hands by compulsively straightening th her coffee table, which were already pretty straight.
5) 8) dialog: I@11 do it on the bus, O.K.? Ellen assumes the role of the voice of reason.
5) 10) dialog: That@s not what he@d tell me. (sadly, remembering) Daddy would tell me I can anything in the world.
5) 12) dialog: How can I pass up a one in a million opportunity? She smiles. Ellen doesn@t.
5) 13) dialog: I don@t expect you to understand why I have to do this. I just want you to send me my stuff.
5) 15) dialog: (determined) I@ve been thinking about it my whole life. It@s time for me to do it. Miranda@s saying this more for her own benefit; her mothe seem to be listening.
5) 16) dialog: I have to go. My cab is waiting. She goes to her mother and kisses her on the cheek.
5) 18) dialog: My mother thinks she can control my life. Surprisingly, the driver speaks, with a heavy foreign acc
5) 19) text: She stills sees you as a little girl. Miranda looks only mildly surprised that the driver has u everything she has said. She gets in the cab.
7) 0) text: Miranda sits in a window seat, asleep, resting her head a her jacket.
8) 0) text: Miranda@s in the same seat, awake now, staring out the wi the darkness.
9) 0) text: The bus is making a rest stop. (We see that the destinati reads @Nashville@.) Passengers walk around, stretching their legs. Miranda le against a wall, checking her watch, impatient.
10) 0) text: We still hear the country music. Miranda comes into the t carrying a huge suitcase and a guitar. She squints at the light, reaches jacket pocket, pulls out her sunglasses and puts them on. She looks around. Aman i cowboy hat sits on a bench. He gives Miranda a friendly smile and an almost ti hat. She looks at him like she@®s trying to figure out what species he is her stuff outside.
11) 0) text: Miranda looks around and spots a taxi across the street. her index and middle fingers inside her mouth of whistles. Everyone within ear turns and looks at her. The taxi driver looks up from his newspaper.
12) 0) text: Miranda gets in the back of the cab. The driver closes th and gets in front.
12) 2) dialog: Do you know where this is? Lucy@s Caf@?
13) 3) text: The driver turns to talk to Miranda.
13) 5) dialog: No.
13) 7) dialog: I@m a singer. The driver reacts to this silently; she@s not lucky after
15) 0) text: The driver hands the clipping back to Miranda. She takes moves her hand in the air over the back of the driver@s seat.
15) 1) dialog: Where@s the safety glass? He glances over his shoulder at her; what safety glass?
15) 2) dialog: I could shoot you if I wanted. This is an observation, not a threat.
17) 0) text: Miranda, carrying her guitar in one hand and her suitcase other, gets out of the cab and heads for the entrance of Lucy@s At the same time, JAMES WYNN, 23, gets out of his pick-up Lucy@s parking lot. James is good-looking in a somewhat dangerous way. H picks up his guitar case and strides over to Lucy@s, getting there just before Mir tries the door. It@s locked.
17) 1) dialog: It@s locked? James looks at her, the way she@s dressed, the huge suitc carries. He looks amused.
17) 5) dialog: Yes it is. Who are you? The psychic welcoming committee?
17) 7) dialog: Miranda Presley. T@11l just knock. She goes up to the door.
17) 9) dialog: I@m sure there@s a secret underground tunnel.
19) 0) text: Miranda sits on the sidewalk outside the caf@. James lock suitcase in his truck and comes and sits down next to her.
19) 1) dialog: Maybe someone will come out.
19) 3) dialog: Did I mention that I can vaporize myself like @I Dream of Jeannie@?
19) 6) dialog: It@s true. Everyone is slower down here.
21) 0) text: Miranda knocks quietly on the door. No answer. She knocks little louder. The door opens. She gives James a look. A face appears from i it belongs to LINDA LUE LINDEN, 20, a sweetly attractive Southern belle puts her finger to her lips and lets them in. The blond woman finishes and steps off the stage. Lucy ca the next name.
21) 7) text: Onstage, a young singer, eyes closed beneath his cowboy h a heartfelt ballad. He@s pretty good. While he@s performing, James takes his Miranda@s completed applications over to Lucy@s table. He presents them confi as if he has no doubt she@ll accept them. Lucy raises any eyebrow at him, but t applications.
21) 16) dialog: Hi, I@m Miranda Presley from New York City. She starts to play. She didn@t mention the name of her so that@s all right because we already know this song. It@s @Desperado. Miranda close her eyes as she starts the lyrics She has a beautiful voice, very distinctive, and the song sounds great. Just as she finishes the first verse, we hear:
21) 18) dialog: Sure. I know lots of songs. What do you want to hear?
21) 19) text: Try something I haven@t heard before. A Miranda Presley composition, maybe. This ain@t @Star Search®.
21) 20) dialog: Oh. Well, I don@t have anything right now. Lucy picks up her pile of applications and approaches the Auditions are over.
21) 22) dialog: Sure thing. Lucy shakes her head in wonder at the girl and walks up t microphone.
22) 0) text: James and Miranda stand next to his truck. He opens the p door and takes out her suitcase. He sets it on the ground. She looks disappo she doesn@t know where she@s going to go now.
22) 2) dialog: Why, I would be much obliges if you would convey me in this Glen Campbell Hee-Haw pick-up truck. James picks up the suitcase and tosses it in the back of
22) 4) dialog: I haven@t decided. Miranda sees Linda Lue crossing the parking lot next to h calls to her.
22) 5) dialog: Linda Lue Linden. Linda Lue turns around. She looks pleased to be noticed, comes over.
22) 6) dialog: Thanks for sneaking us in.
22) 12) dialog: (to Kyle) Did you make it? He seems a little startled by her directness.
22) 14) dialog: Too bad. I liked your song. He looks at her skeptically; is she making fun of him?
22) 17) dialog: All I did was sing it on key.
22) 22) dialog: (to Kyle) See you there.
23) 0) text: Miranda, James, Kyle and Linda Lue sit together at a tabl see quite a few familiar faces from Lucy@s audition at surrounding tables. Everyon bottle of beer except for Linda Lue, who drinks a Shirley Temple.
23) 1) dialog: (to Linda Lue) Don@t even tell me; you have least. three relatives who have died of consumption. Linda Lue seems pleased with Miranda@s accuracy.
23) 7) dialog: You@ve known me fifteen minutes and you want me to move in? I could be a serial killer, for all you know.
23) 14) dialog: My cousin Leon did the very same thing.
23) 16) dialog: If I1@m going to meet with a bizarre premature death, I@d just as soon not know about it Linda Lue looks up from Miranda@s palm and answers her gr
23) 19) dialog: No. Thanks.
23) 22) dialog: Namely? He squints at her palm.
23) 24) dialog: (singing) It@s the right time, and though I feel fine tonight.
23) 26) dialog: (singing) It@s the right place, IZ@ve got the new face tonight.
23) 28) text: Linda Lue has apparently had a hand in the decorating of it@s hard to believe the motel provided matching floral chintz drapes, bedspre pillows, or a framed photo of Loretta Lynn. Linda Lue@s dog, of the tiny furry variety, sits on his own floral pillow. Miranda throws her suitcase on one of
23) 31) dialog: Is this the extra, the Loretta Lynn suite? She flops down on the bed, her eyes closed. Linda Lue@s d comes over and sniffs Miranda, then settles in next to her. Miranda opens her e sees the dog, and closes them again. The phone rings. Linda Lue picks it up.
23) 37) dialog: I@m just going to go to that coffee shop across the street. She takes her motel room key off the table and puts it on around her neck, next to several other keys and a locket.
23) 39) dialog: I@m not tired. I@11l be quiet when I come in. Linda Lue is perplexed.
23) 41) dialog: Goodnight, Scarlett. Miranda leaves.
24) 0) text: Miranda is settled into a booth, a full cup of coffee in her, circling classifieds in a newspaper. She doesn@t seem to be finding too much. Lin enters the coffee shop, wearing a frilly pink robe over flowered pajamas wi and furry bedroom slippers. Her hair is pulled back with a pink band. She l like an exceptionally tall five-year-old. She spots Miranda and pads over to her tab Miranda looks at her and puts down her paper.
24) 2) dialog: Annette, I@ve got a hot tip that Frankie and his friends are going to crash your slumber party. You don@t want to miss that. Linda Lue sits down across from her.
24) 4) dialog: How could anyone possibly hate you? You@re Miss Congeniality.
24) 6) dialog: I don@t know if that@s such a fabulous idea.
24) 7) text: Why not? Miranda glances down at Linda Lue@s foot, which sticks ou under the table.
24) 8) dialog: (noticing) Your pajamas have feet. Linda Lue waits for an answer.
24) 9) dialog: Look, I came here to be alone. Nothing personal. Linda Lue looks hurt. Miranda smiles at her kindly.
24) 10) dialog: Nothing personal. I swear. Cross my heart. Linda Lue draws herself up and speaks with conviction.
25) 0) text: The sun@s just coming up. Miranda@s still in her booth, h head resting on her arm, asleep. The waitress comes up with a pot of coffee and to her on the arm.
25) 2) dialog: No, thanks. The waitress leaves. Miranda puts a couple dollars on th picks up her stuff, and leaves.
26) 0) text: Miranda enters the darkened motel room. The mess she left been cleaned up; apparently Linda Lue unpacked for her. Miranda pulls off jeans, removes her bra without taking off her t-shirt, and crawls into bed. Meanwhile, in the other bed, Linda Lue opens her eyes, se Miranda, and stretches. She gets out of bed, picks up her robe and goes to the ba The dog jumps off Linda Lue@s bed and goes to sleep with Miranda.
27) 0) text: Miranda@s still in bed, asleep. The air conditioner hums. There@s a knock on the door. Miranda reaches for the clock; it@s 3:10. She gets out of walks over to the dresser. She opens a drawer, finds a pair of boxer shorts puts them on. Another knock.
27) 1) dialog: Who@s here at this ungodly hour? She opens the door. It@s Kyle, holding his guitar. She lo out at him sleepily, her hair a mess, pillow marks on her face. The dog stands at feet.
27) 3) dialog: Thanks.
27) 5) dialog: I@m thinking there@s some reason you@re here.
27) 7) dialog: Thanks. Let me know if she says anything else. She starts to close the door.
27) 11) dialog: Is that your question?
27) 13) dialog: 
27) 16) dialog: Yeah.
27) 19) dialog: Give me a minute. She closes the door. The dog stops growling.
28) 0) text: Kyle and Miranda sit in beach chairs on the roof of his a building, with their guitars. There@s a grill next to Kyle; he@s barbequeing something for dinner. Kyle@s finishing up a song, a beautiful ballad (e.g. @Kee from blowing away@). His voice is tentative, and he watches his fingers as he
28) 1) dialog: All right. Now start the song again, but instead of singing, tell me about your guitar. Kyle starts to strum the chords to the song.
28) 3) dialog: I don@t know, some kind of amusing anecdote about how your daddy traded a pig for it, or the ghost of Hank Williams Sr. Left it on your front porch. Kyle has started to watch his fingers again. He looks up, decides not to let her get to him.
28) 5) dialog: What about your dad?
28) 7) dialog: Anything. Keep playing.
28) 9) dialog: Letting life teach you its own lessons, realizing your dreams weren@t the same as his dreams. Kyle laughs.
28) 11) dialog: I saw that episode of Gunsmoke. Anyway, the important thing is you@re playing the guitar without looking at your fingers. He stops playing.
28) 13) dialog: Well, don@t do it anymore. Now, look at me and sing some of the words. Kyle starts to play again, looking Miranda in the eye. He and starts the song over. He opens his mouth, then shuts it again. Finally, h stops playing.
28) 18) dialog: It seems to me that this is a rather serious handicap for an aspiring performer.
28) 20) dialog: I thought you wanted to learn to sing.
28) 22) dialog: Is that the only way to get them heard?
28) 24) dialog: Well, maybe if you see yourself as an actor, like it@s not really you. Play the part in the song. She starts to strum a few chords. She looks Kyle in the e she sings, acting as if the words were meant for him. The sun is setting behind h
28) 25) dialog: (singing) I loved you yesterday And I love you just the same And none of the things you do Could tear us apart I loved you yesterday And I love you just the same When I gave myself to you You took only my heart She puts the guitar down. Kyle fell for the act; he slightly lovestruck.
28) 27) dialog: (shakes her head no) Lyle Lovett. He@s my favorite.
28) 29) dialog: One of what? She smiles at him; she doesn@t have any songs.
28) 31) dialog: You@re a songwriter. I@m a singer.
28) 35) dialog: I@m the one who dropped my entire life and moved someplace I@ve never even visited before. I should get to figure out why the hell I did it.
29) 0) text: Miranda sits at the same table as the day before, a cup o in front of her. She@s been sleeping; she raises her head from where it was rest her arm and squints at the daylight. She sticks a finger in her coffee; it@s col gets our of her both.
30) 0) text: Miranda comes in and gets ready for bed. Linda Lue isn@t bed. We hear water running, then singing as she finishes her shower. The dog into Miranda@s bed.
30) 1) dialog: Hey, Buster. Linda Lue comes out of the bathroom. She@s cheerful, a mo person. She seems a little hesitant about Miranda; she@s not sure if they@r fighting.
30) 5) dialog: How do you know his first name isn@t Buster? Linda Lue thinks. Miranda picks up the dog, puts him on a different part of the bed, and gets in.
30) 7) dialog: Did you unpack my stuff?
30) 10) dialog: Where are my tapes?
30) 12) dialog: I was thinking about what you said in the coffee shop. Linda Lue sits at the foot of the bed, her tone apologeti
30) 14) dialog: Well, then let me ask you something. Linda Lue nods.
30) 15) dialog: Don@t most motel rooms have one Bible? Linda Lue hops up and takes a Bible from one of the piles
30) 17) dialog: You didn@t steal these.
30) 20) dialog: You@re making this up. Linda Lue nods.
30) 22) dialog: (laughs) Yes, I thought it was funny.
30) 24) dialog: I@m going to have to remember not to swear to anything in this room.
31) 0) text: Miranda, holding her guitar case, stands in front of the receptionist desk, talking to the RECEPTIONIST, an attractive young woman with a Tennessee
31) 2) dialog: O.K. Let@s make a appointment, then. Wednesday is good for me.
31) 4) dialog: Ever? Not even like a really cute guy? The receptionist smiles and holds out her left hand, reve wedding ring.
32) 0) text: The place is about half-full; the show hasn@t started yet Miranda, Linda Lue, Kyle, and James share a table near th
32) 4) dialog: Don@t we have a waitress?
32) 10) dialog: I@m not ordering a Shirley Temple.
32) 12) dialog: Two beers and a Shirley Temple. The bartender raises his eyebrows. Miranda nods to confir order, then notices Nick.
32) 15) dialog: Miranda Presley.
32) 17) dialog: I@m famous already, and I can@t even find a job.
32) 19) dialog: No. I@m hot a waitress, I@m a singer.
32) 31) dialog: Lucy. She turns around.
32) 32) dialog: I just wanted to apologize. For singing @Desperado® at the audition. I knew I was supposed to sing something I wrote.
32) 36) dialog: Ever since I crossed the border into Tennessee, It@s been an exercise in logic to get a yes or no answer.
32) 38) dialog: How long did Darcy work here?
33) 0) text: James leans against his truck, drinking a beer, talking t guys who played behind him. Miranda, Linda Lue and Kyle come out of the bar. Jam says goodnight to the musicians and calls out to Miranda.
33) 2) dialog: You were good.
33) 4) dialog: Is that why you called me over?
33) 6) dialog: No. Did you? He shakes his head.
33) 8) dialog: Only if you do. Kyle@s talking to Linda Lue. He looks over and sees James Miranda@s hand and stops mid-sentence. Linda Lue turns to look and sees get into James@s truck.
35) 0) text: Inside the truck, we see that Miranda is driving. She gri gears and wrestles with the steering wheel. Speed seems to be her only objective.
35) 2) dialog: I@m doing that well?
35) 6) dialog: Maybe this works with other girls
36) 0) text: Miranda drives with the blindfold on. She@s doing much be driving in slow circles. James periodically tells her when to turn, putting his ha steering wheel to help her.
36) 2) dialog: Why didn@t it pull anybody else I know?
36) 6) dialog: You know how you can have a job and an apartment and friends and you think, this is my life. If I leave this, I have no life.
36) 8) dialog: Well, I woke up a few weeks ago and it was really hot out and sunny and there were kids everywhere. It was the first day of summer vacation, and it was just like every other day to me. I wanted to be out, like they were. I just wanted out. And I thought, nothing@s holding me here, I can do whatever the hell I want. And if I don@t do it now, I@ll keep going forever doing what I think I have to do when actually the only thing that@®s definite about my life is that I@m in it. I@m the fucking lead. I left the next day.
36) 10) dialog: And I@ve always wanted to see Graceland.
36) 12) dialog: About twenty?
36) 16) dialog: Fourth? I can@t go that fast in a parking lot.
37) 0) text: Miranda and James lie on their stomachs in the back of hi truck, looking off into the distance.
37) 1) dialog: You@ve got a strange idea of a good time.
37) 4) dialog: I didn@t know there were this many stars.
37) 6) dialog: @Hooked on a Feeling®.
37) 10) dialog: What@s yours?
37) 13) dialog: Yeah. Me too. James laughs.
37) 15) dialog: Nothing.
37) 17) dialog: I can do a country version of any Bon Jovi song. Any Bon Jovi single. Except @Lay Your Hands on Me.@ What about you?
37) 19) dialog: So do a billion other people.
37) 21) dialog: I heard you shot him. Only he was a label executive.
37) 23) dialog: So what happened?
37) 25) dialog: So you punched him.
37) 27) dialog: What@s it like, when you sing something you wrote?
37) 29) dialog: No. I think I might try it, though. This singing thing isn@t really working out.
37) 31) dialog: I think it@s something I want to do. They look straight at each other, lean towards each other
37) 32) text: Miranda walks down the sidewalk toward Lucy@s. she passes laundromat. Inside, a man sits on a washing machine playing his guitar and sing his clothes spin in the dryer. Miranda stops and listens to him a moment; he@ bad. She continues down the sidewalk and goes inside Lucy@s
38) 0) text: Two singers perform on stage. We see Miranda moving throu crowd, working as a waitress. She@s not having an easy time; she sets a bee front of a customer and he indicates that it@s not what he ordered and makes her tak She carries the bottle back to the bar, where Nick sits at his usual post.
38) 1) dialog: Did I thank you for bringing glamour and excitement into my dreary life?
38) 3) dialog: (to bartender) Michelob. (to Nick) Beer all tastes the same to me. Did you ask her out yet today?
38) 5) dialog: Maybe it@s time to fish or cut bait.
38) 9) dialog: What about it?
40) 0) text: Miranda is in a recording studio, singing the last few li ballad (e.g. @lIs there life out there?@) over a guitar track recorded earlier. K in the booth alone, operating the board.
40) 1) dialog: I could do it better. Let me do it one more time.
40) 3) dialog: We have fifteen minutes. I can do it better.
40) 5) text: Kyle and Miranda come out of the building where they were recording. The walk down the sidewalk, Kyle carrying Miranda@s guitar. Miranda loo not stepping on cracks.
40) 6) dialog: So what are you going to do with the demo?
40) 8) dialog: That@s it? That@s how you@re getting it heard? That@s a great song, better than most of the stuff on the radio.
40) 10) dialog: I@m telling you, someone wants this song. Wynonna Judd want this song, she just doesn@t know it yet.
40) 12) dialog: O.K. It@s your song. I@m going to say two more words.
40) 14) dialog: No wonder. She keeps walking. Kyle stops.
40) 18) dialog: Kyle. Kyle sits down on the curb. Miranda sits next to him.
40) 21) dialog: I think you should - we should - take this song to Wynonna and get her to listen to it. She stands up. Kyle remains sitting. She tilts her head - gesture for him to come on, then stars walking away.
41) 1) dialog: Are you sure this is the right house? She parks right out front? Anyone could break into her car.
41) 3) dialog: So you@re in her social circle, but we have to lurk around at dawn to give her a tape.
41) 5) dialog: Give me the thing. Kyle hands her a slim jim.
41) 7) dialog: What do you think I am, a criminal? I@ve see it done. My sixth-grade boyfriend is doing eighteen months for this. Kyle puts his hand on her wrist to stop her.
41) 9) dialog: That was a joke. He got probation. She carefully inserts the slim jim between the car window door. She moves it around expertly, and after a few seconds the door lock cl Kyle jumps.
41) 10) dialog: Give me the tape. Kyle hands her the tape. She opens the car door. As soon raises the handle, the car alarm goes off.
41) 12) dialog: Wait. Let me put the tape in. She sits in the driver@s seat and pop@s the tape in the c
41) 14) dialog: How else is she going to know whose song it is?
41) 16) dialog: Of course she will. That@s the one drawback to the plan.
41) 18) dialog: Don@t people ignore these things anymore? She gets out of the car. Kyle gets in a pushes buttons on tape player.
41) 20) dialog: And when did the cops start responding so quickly?
42) 0) text: Kyle sits in one of a row of chairs against the wall. He angry. Miranda leans over the receiving desk, pleasing with an unsympathetic cop.
42) 1) dialog: I told you, we weren@t trying to steal anything. We were giving her a tape.
42) 3) dialog: It was my idea. The cop looks from one to the other; he doesn@t care whos it was.
42) 5) dialog: Why are you mad at me? You agreed to it.
42) 7) dialog: Any idiot would have figured out the one the one drawback. WYNONNA JUDD walks into the police station, a police offi her side. Everyone turns to look at her. The unsympathetic desk cop seems particularly impressed to see her.
42) 12) dialog: Hi.
42) 16) dialog: (nods) It@s his song. You listened to the tape?
43) 0) text: Miranda sits in her usual booth, but this time she@s awak has her guitar next to her and her notebook open in front of her, trying to writ It doesn@t seem to be going too well, most of what she@s written has been cross She reads what she still ahs and crosses that out too.
44) 0) text: Miranda and James are in the truck. Miranda drives.
44) 1) dialog: I@m having trouble even getting started. Maybe I can@t do it.
44) 3) dialog: Writing songs is different.
44) 5) dialog: Tried it. Didn@t work.
44) 7) dialog: Wednesday.
45) 0) text: The caf@ hasn@t opened yet. Miranda opens the door, showi for work. James is with her; they kiss goodbye passionately. Lucy looks at t disapproving. Miranda comes in and ties an apron around her waist. Lucy puts gl away behind the bar. Nick is onstage, doing a sound check for his performance
45) 4) dialog: Can I ask you something?
45) 6) dialog: How long has he been after you like this?
45) 8) dialog: And you@ve never even gone out with him?
45) 13) dialog: Your husband? Nick starts a new song, with a different melody.
45) 17) dialog: What happened?
45) 23) dialog: Maybe he@s learned his lesson.
46) 0) text: Miranda@s just getting off work. She comes outside and lo around for something. She sees Kyle, leaning against his truck. Miranda stays w is. Kyle walks over to her.
47) 0) text: Miranda and Kyle walk along the strip on night clubs and shops. It@s a warm night, and they pass musicians playing on the sidewalk fo They pass an open bottle of champagne back and forth, drinking straight out bottle.
47) 2) dialog: It@s lucky for you that I sang on that demo.
47) 4) dialog: You@1l have to show me that sometime. Kyle walks over to one of the street musicians and borrow guitar. He leans against a wall and begins to play; Miranda and the musician watch starts to sing; it@s the love song he did at the auditions, the one Miranda sa in the parking lot. Kyle does it a lot better than when he auditioned; he loo Miranda and sings the words to her. He finishes, showing no signs of embarrassm hands the guitar back to the musician.
47) 6) dialog: Not bad. She hands him the champagne bottle.
47) 8) dialog: You@re Johnny Cash. You@re Vince Gill. You@re George Strait. He puts his arm around her, and she leans her head agains shoulder.
47) 11) dialog: Just once, I@d like a sober man to call me beautiful.
47) 14) dialog: So you realize there@s a song for everything that happens in life? Sometimes there are dozens for one moment in time, like now. Yours could be that REO Speedwagon song about wanting to be more than friends, and mine could be @Baby don@t get hooked on me.®
47) 16) dialog: I got you arrested and I@ll always remind you of a song that you hate. That should be two strike against me.
48) 0) text: James and Miranda come up to a gate, carrying their guita walks up to the window and watches a plan taxi up to the gate. Miranda p in a chair.
48) 1) dialog: I think you@re mistaken about how easy it is to amuse me. It@s harder than this. James walks over and sits next to her. He takes out his g
48) 4) dialog: You could write a song from that?
48) 6) dialog: Say he@s waiting for Gregor, his thirty- year-old Dutch lover. They met in Venice last Valentine@s day, and have been apart since then.
48) 8) dialog: Howard over there had to have his wife killed, and her collection of exotic parrots converted into hatbands.
48) 10) dialog: He married his high school sweetheart, they have a lovely home and a wonderful marriage, or so everyone think. She@s returning from a Mary Kay convention.
48) 13) dialog: Let@s go. She picks up her guitar and walks quickly away from the c gate, down the corridor. James hurries to catch up with her.
48) 15) dialog: Nothing.
48) 17) dialog: I hate that. Someone goes away for two weeks and it@s like the end of the fucking world.
48) 19) dialog: If you know they@re coming back, you have no right to miss them. It@s not like they@re dead. They sit there a little while, James sensing that Miranda upset about something.
48) 21) dialog: How old were you?
48) 22) text: Twenty. Miranda looks at him, a little surprised. She hesitates, opens her locket and shows him inside.
48) 23) dialog: That@s my dad. One side has a black and white photo of her father, a han with a wide grin. The other side has a black and white photo of Elvis pouti James tries a little joke.
48) 25) dialog: That is Elvis. He gave me this when I was ten. My decitennial accolade, he called it. He raised me since I was five. Just me and him. She looks at the pictures, then snaps the locket shut dro around her neck.
48) 26) dialog: Presley@s my middle name. He had this kind of Elvis thing. Nothing weird.
48) 28) dialog: Three months ago.
48) 30) dialog: I don@t miss him. He told me not to. Miranda@s quiet. James just sits with her, comfortable wi silence.
48) 32) dialog: 
49) 0) text: James sits in a deck chair. Miranda sits on the diving bo dangling her toes in the water. It@s a hot summer night; she wears a t-shirt and s She has her guitar, and is singing @Bad Medicine@, which she@s transformed from p to country. She does the first verse, then:
49) 1) dialog: When I get married, I@m going to have them play @Bad Medicine® as I walk down the aisle. The Bon Jovi version. Miranda climbs off the diving board and sets her guitar i She goes over to the pool stops and starts to climb in fully dressed. James starts to play something; it@s the song he started earlier, in the airport, about living the American dream, but only on the surface. few really good lines. By the he@s done, Miranda has gotten all the way i pool, except for her head. She@s been watching him intently the whole time he@ singing. James puts down his guitar and sits at the edge of the pool.
49) 3) dialog: Linda Lue snores.
49) 5) dialog: If I was afraid on the dark, I wouldn@t spend so much time in the dark, would I? James pulls off his shirt and starts to climb into the p Miranda ducks underwater and comes back up.
49) 7) dialog: Not since I was eight.
49) 9) dialog: I would wake up my dad, he@d come get me, and he@d let me stay up all night. We@d light candles and make cookies and play poker. We used to crank call foreign countries. I learned the twist at four in the morning. Then when it got light out, I@d go to bed and miss half a day of school. My dad once wrote a not for me; @Miranda was unavoidably late to school today due to a slight pterodactyl crisis at home. The problem has been remedied and it is unlikely that this will happen again.@ They move around the shallow end of the pool, not approac other.
49) 11) dialog: At first, I couldn@t sleep at all, then the only time I could even remember what he looked like was in the middle of the night. I sometimes think about what I@l1l say when I see him again, and if I@ll recognize him, then I realize I won@t see him again at all. James moves over to Miranda and stands in front of her.
49) 13) dialog: I wonder if I@l1l1l know you in a year.
49) 15) dialog: If we go out, and we break up, I probably won@t. I@ll be just another girl you used to go out with. And someday there@1ll be so many you won@t know which one I was. James backs away from her.
49) 17) dialog: No. That@s not what I want. It@s not clear if A look of realization crosses his face. He lets go of her
49) 19) dialog: I don@t think it@s a good idea. James gets out of the pool; he@s angry and he@s leaving. up his shirt and starts to walk away, then stops and turns to Miranda.
49) 21) dialog: I told you.
49) 22) text: I need the real reason. Then we@ll be friends or whatever it is you want. Miranda sits on the top step on the pool. She looks away an tells him the truth.
49) 23) dialog: I@ve been trying to write a song. Just one song, to prove I can do it. Not even a good song. And you, you see two strangers at an airport and you turn it into something so. . . incredible. Your song was incredible.
49) 25) dialog: I@m not jealous. I@m overwhelmed. I just can@t give you that, see?
49) 27) dialog: I do. She stares at him. He sees she@s set on this and gives up away. She sits in the pool, holding her knees to her chest, watching him go.
50) 0) text: Later that night. The performances are over, and only a f songwriters hang around, making arrangements to get together and write. Miranda pu last chair up. She goes over to Lucy, who@s counting receipts at one of the
50) 5) dialog: I always thought I wanted to be a singer, then I came hear and realized I like to sing, but it doesn@t seem like enough. But songwriting@s so different; I just don@t know if it@s worth it to try. It comes so easily to some people, like James.
50) 9) dialog: James and I decided we@d just be friends. Lucy nods.
50) 11) dialog: Yeah, that@s what I decided. I@l1l see you tomorrow.
51) 0) text: James is onstage, singing. There@s a band behind him. Som people are dancing down front; Linda Lue is among them. Miranda enters and finds sitting down front. She sits with him. James sees her come in and smiles at h
51) 1) dialog: How@s he doing? Kyle hesitates, then answers sincerely,
51) 5) dialog: Do you know how to do that? She gestures toward the dance floor, where they@re doing elaborate country step.
51) 7) dialog: Come on and show me how. He hesitates only a moment before getting up and escortin and Linda Lue to the dance floor.
52) 0) text: Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are on the dance floor. Linda and Kyle are expertly performing the steps. Linda Lue smiles flirtatiously at t next to her; she seems to be in her element. Miranda stands in between them, trying follow. She smacks Linda Lue on the arm to get her attention away from the cowboy. Lue does it slowly to demonstrate, then smiles and nods when Miranda gets it ri We watch the dancing for awhile - a dance floor full of p performing intricate steps in rapid, perfect unison, having the time of their lives.
53) 0) text: James finishes a song. Miranda, Kyle and Linda Lue are st the dance floor. They stand and applaud.
53) 12) dialog: Congratulations.
53) 15) dialog: You think the entire universe is controlled by magnets, don@t you?
53) 17) dialog: What was the question? He kisses her. She doesn@t resist.
54) 0) text: A country love song plays on the stereo. James leads Mira one hand into the darkened bedroom. Miranda chatters nervously.
54) 1) dialog: We@ve been thinking about moving out of the motel, but we don@t have any furniture, and the dog seems to like it, and they wrap the glasses in cellophane, even though Lou always washes them again before she lets me drink out of them. They@re standing at the foot of the bed.
54) 3) dialog: Why?
54) 5) dialog: Well, lucky for me, you sound exactly like Jim Nabors.
55) 0) text: Later that night. James wakes up and looks around. He not Miranda is gone, then hears music from another room. He gets up.
55) 1) text: Miranda sits at the kitchen table, quietly playing guitar wearing a loose denim shirt that must be James@. Her notebook is open in front of her writes something down, then looks up and sees James standing in the doorwa
55) 3) dialog: Lucy told me you@d break my heart.
55) 5) dialog: Maybe I just decided to risk it.
55) 7) dialog: I have one line.
55) 9) dialog: I don@t know if it@s any good. My dad always said I could do anything. I keep thinking about this song he wrote for me.
55) 13) dialog: Is that the only thing you liked?
55) 17) dialog: Every song doesn@t have to be about something you can relate to.
55) 19) dialog: (hurt) So it@s not a good song, because you don@t like it.
55) 21) dialog: If you had thought about it, you would have realized this wasn@t a good example. She picks up her notebook and walks out of the kitchen. J looks like he@s realizing his mistake.
56) 0) text: Miranda has decorated her half of the room; there are pho Lyle Lovett and Jon Bon Jovi over her bed. Miranda sits in her bed, the dog on her lap. She looks te She rummages through the drawer of her nightstand and pulls out a cassette. Sh in the player on top of the nightstand and presses play. We hear a man@s voice, s
57) 0) text: Kyle@s pick-up pulls up outside a house. He and Miranda g
57) 1) dialog: How many people will be here?
57) 3) dialog: What if they don@t say anything?
57) 5) dialog: Do you think they@ll notice if I play @Livin® on a Prayer@?
58) 0) text: Kyle and Miranda sit in Nick@s kitchen, with Nick and thr musicians, KEVIN, ERICA, and JOE. They@re sitting in a ci around the small kitchen table. There@s a tape recorder o table. Everyone has a beer and one or two of the guys smoke cigarettes. Erica h only guitar in the room, and she sings a song, substituting la@s for one of lines. Kevin sings a line she might use there. Erica sings it back, changing a few word
58) 4) dialog: I don@t like that last line.
58) 6) dialog: I@m not sure what it means.
59) 0) text: Linda Lue folds laundry while Miranda sits cross-legged o table, playing her guitar.
60) 0) text: After the bar has closed, Miranda sits at the bar, playin song for Nick.
61) 0) text: Miranda sits cross-legged on her bed, her notebook open o lap. Linda Lue@s bed is neatly made. Linda Lue emerges from the shower.
61) 2) dialog: I don@t know. I don@t think my song is ready.
61) 4) dialog: Yeah, but I changed it back. Linda Lue looks at her.
61) 5) dialog: Fine. I@11 go. Linda Lue smiles. She sits in front of the mirror and pro examine every inch of her face, looking for wrinkles.
61) 6) dialog: What are you looking for?
61) 8) dialog: Find any?
61) 10) dialog: What?
61) 12) dialog: I guess we both realized our mistake.
61) 14) dialog: That was the mistake. Miranda gets under the covers.
61) 15) dialog: Wake me up for the audition.
62) 0) text: The weekly audition is in progress. Miranda and Linda Lue table. Nick sits at the bar. Lucy sits at her usual table in back. Kyle is on doing a nice job with one of the songs we@ve heard before. He finishes triumphantly breathes a sigh of relief, and walks back to the table.
62) 5) dialog: (cold) Thanks.
62) 7) dialog: Since my phone still ain@t ringin®, I assume it still ain@t you.
62) 10) dialog: Look, it wasn@t that big a deal. You@ve apologized. Let@s forget it, O.K.? She glanced over at Lucy, who glares at her to be quiet w Linda Lue is singing.
62) 12) text: You said you were willing to risk it, but you weren@t. Miranda shakes her head no, agreeing with him.
62) 13) dialog: I@m sorry. She means she@s still not willing.
63) 0) text: Lucy announces the results of the audition. She calls out name; he passed this time. Linda Lue lets out a whoop and hugs him. Miranda sm too. Lucy get to the end of the list. Linda Lue wasn@t on it; was Miranda. Linda Lue looks disappointed. Miranda takes the news well.
64) 0) text: Later that day, after the auditions are over, Miranda has up for work and is tying on an apron around her waist. Lucy comes in. Mirand smiles at her, showing her she@s not angry about the audition.
64) 2) dialog: You@re supposed to pass the ones you like.
64) 4) dialog: So you could play God.
64) 6) dialog: Oh, I brought you something. Miranda holds out a cassette . Lucy takes it.
64) 8) dialog: If I tell you to just trust me and listen to this, will you? Lucy shakes her head.
64) 9) dialog: It@s Nick, a song of his. I think you should hear it. (smiles) It@s all about you. And it won@t get any laughs. Lucy sets the tape on the counter. Miranda won@t take it she walks away. Lucy looks at the tape.
65) 0) text: Miranda and Linda Lue are taking the dog for a walk. Mira holds a flyer advertising the Miss Nashville pageant.
65) 2) dialog: I hope you won@t be insulted if I tell you I already think of you as Miss Nashville. What about your illustrious songwriting career? They come up to the slide. Miranda picks up the dog and c him to the top of the slide.
65) 6) dialog: The pageant@s next week? Do you have time to get ready? Don@t people train for months for these things?
65) 9) dialog: If you could have one wish for today@s children, what would it be?
65) 11) dialog: You wouldn@t want them to be sick, or go hungry, would you?
65) 13) dialog: You@re beautiful and queen-like, Lou. You@re a beauty queen. You@ve got this locked up.
66) 0) text: Miranda, wearing her t-shirt and boxer shorts with a glit of high heels, paces the floor with a Bible balanced on her head.
66) 1) dialog: I pledge allegiance, to the flag, of the United States. Linda Lue calls to her from the bathroom.
66) 4) dialog: I would think this is exactly the kind of thing you@d be doing. I still think you should learn that tap dance to @Dixie.® Come on out. Linda Lue throws open the bathroom door and strikes a pos doorway, one arm raised, head thrown back. She wears a low-cut sequined go heavy make-up and has her curled hair piled on top of her head. Miranda gas
66) 5) dialog: Oh, you look beautiful. Linda Lue drops the pose and looks down at herself.
66) 7) dialog: Yes. It@s enough.
66) 9) dialog: No. You look perfect. Except. . . let me try one thing. She reaches up and loosens a few strands of Linda Lue@s h they fall around her face. Miranda steps back and appraises her work.
66) 10) dialog: Better. Wait. Miranda reaches to the dressing table and gets a Q-tip. S the Q-tip under Linda Lue@s eye, removing some of the eyeliner, then does the s the other eye.
66) 11) dialog: What did you do, follow some kind of eyeliner diagram in the beauty queen handbook?
66) 13) dialog: They will see your eyes. On the other girls, all they@ll see is eyeliner. They turn to face the mirror and look at themselves, stan by side. Linda Lue gets a little emotional.
66) 15) dialog: Yeah, well that@s cause you@re such a sap, Lou. Linda Lue smiles.
67) 0) text: A record store with a small outdoor stage behind it, wher @jamborees® are held at night. There@s an all-night miniature golf course next do Miranda and Linda Lue@s motel is just across the parking lot. It@s a warm n and people are playing golf, sitting in the adjacent picnic area or on top of th in the parking lot, listening to the music. This is a traditional country music affair; band is also made up of older musicians, all men, and includes a banjo an fiddle. Miranda and Linda Lue sit on top of a picnic table. to them
67) 2) dialog: I never miss a jamboree.
67) 5) dialog: We know.
67) 7) dialog: Oh. What happened?
67) 9) dialog: On the way where?
67) 11) dialog: This had better be better than the jamboree.
68) 0) text: James and Miranda in James@ truck, driving.
68) 1) dialog: So when do I find out the surprise?
68) 3) dialog: You@re talking me somewhere. James points to a road sign.
68) 5) dialog: (reading) Memphis. What@s in Memphis? James moves his lip in an Elvis sneer. Miranda screams.
68) 6) dialog: Graceland? Graceland! Way cool.
68) 8) dialog: They should put that on a plaque and hand it on the gate. (singing) @Graceland, Graceland, Memphis Tennessee. We@re going to Graceland. . .®
69) 0) text: James and Miranda are at the check-out stand, buying chee suzy-q@s and Dr. Pepper.
69) 1) dialog: Only six hours to kill.
69) 3) dialog: They think you@re proposing. James doesn@t reply. He tries to put the ring on her ring but it doesn@t fit. He puts it on her pinky.
69) 4) dialog: Get up. James looks over at the checkers.
69) 6) dialog: Yes to what?
69) 8) dialog: You are kind of a loser.
69) 10) dialog: (loudly, angrily) Yes. I said yes. Is that what you want? Are you happy now? James acts overjoyed; he smiles gleefully and hugs Mirand
70) 2) dialog: I bet she used the TV room at night.
70) 9) dialog: It@s hard to think about what you@re going to do for the rest of your life. You have to pick one thing. What if it doesn@t work out? James nods.
70) 11) dialog: I don@t think you could ever be a failure. She climbs out of the truck bed. She reaches inside the t turns on the radio, tuning it to a slow song (e.g. @Asking us to dance@) . Sh climbs back up into the back and stands next to James, holding her hand out to him. He gets up, his eye locked with hers, and takes her hand. They start to dance underneath the stars, holding each ot close. James pulls her closer, tight against him, until they aren@t dancing anym
70) 13) dialog: So aml. The song plays on as they hold on to each other. Finally, pulls away until he isn@t touching Miranda anymore. He takes his hand and mov along her arm, from the shoulder down to her wrist, without touching her.
70) 15) dialog: Yeah. The skies have become cloudy. There@s lightning in the di Elvis comes on the radio and it begins to sprinkle.
70) 16) text: It@s pouring now. James and Miranda con in, drenched. The two checkers are there. Their names are SELMA and MARY. Mary is black.
70) 20) dialog: Well, maybe if you had any sense at all, you might have planned this a little better and we wouldn@t have gotten lost in the rain. (to the cashiers) He doesn@t have the sense he was born with.
70) 23) dialog: That@s cause you@d forget to breathe if I didn@t remind you.
70) 28) dialog: Who@s Raymond?
70) 31) dialog: I left. . . something blue in the truck. Come with me. They leave the supermarket.
71) 1) dialog: Let@s go.
71) 3) dialog: (laughs) We@1l have a big blow-out of a fight. I@1l pretend to shoot you in the leg.
71) 6) dialog: You don@t get married as a joke.
71) 8) dialog: You@re serious.
71) 10) dialog: Yeah.
71) 12) dialog: You@re the one who had to write it on my hand.
71) 14) dialog: I can@t say it.
71) 16) dialog: I@d be afraid to tell you how much. James seems happy with this answer. He notices something Miranda, outside the window. Mary is back with her husband. He@s black man with a lumbering gait. He wears a black raincoat and carr black bible. Their skinny teen-age son is with them.
71) 18) dialog: Oh my god. Raymond comes up to the truck and puts his face against t passenger window. It@s a frightening sight. Miranda covers her mout James reached over and turns Miranda@s face towards his.
71) 20) dialog: O.K. Yes. She looks back at Raymond.
71) 21) dialog: I don@t see an alternative.
72) 0) text: The frozen foods section has been selected as the wedding Mary and Selma drape pastel toilet paper over the aisles. Raymond some crates to use as a podium, placing one behind for him to stand on. son leans against the freezer, flipping through a Playboy. James is in the toiletries section, putting gel in his ha Miranda comes up next to him and takes a toothbrush and toothpaste.
72) 1) dialog: I have chee-tos stuck in my teeth.
72) 4) dialog: The ring. See you at the altar. Aisle twelve. Miranda hurries away. She goes to the frozen food section. Raymond has discover son reading Playboy.
72) 7) dialog: Thank you. She takes Ben@s arm and pulls him aside.
72) 8) dialog: Ben, I need a favor.
72) 12) dialog: Does your sister have a Bon Jovi tape?
73) 8) dialog: I do.
74) 0) text: James and Miranda dance. Eric Clapton@s @Pretty Girl@® p over the sound system. Mary dances with Raymond, and Ben reluctantly dan with Selma.
75) 0) text: It@s morning. James and Miranda are inside Graceland. The guide describes the room in a loud, rehearsed voice. Miranda le against James and gazes dreamily at Elvis@® stuff.
75) 1) dialog: I had this dream that we got married.
75) 3) dialog: No. Me and Elvis. I had my hair ina huge bee-hive.
77) 0) text: The pageant@s nearly over. There are five girls on stage: Lue is one of them. Miranda and James slink into the darkened theater a two empty seats next to Kyle.
77) 2) dialog: We picked up a hitchhiker that turned out to be the ghost of Elvis. Had to take him to Graceland. She@s a finalist?
77) 4) dialog: So she@s going to win?
79) 0) text: Linda Lue stands among a group of contestants, holding a of roses. Miranda come up to her and hugs her.
79) 1) dialog: Congratulations. Personally, I thought you should have won.
79) 3) dialog: You threw it? Cool. How come?
79) 5) dialog: No. James and I got married. We got here late.
79) 7) dialog: Sort of. I@11 tell you all about it. Tell me how your scene went.
81) 0) text: Kyle@s song continues over: James and Miranda in bed. Miranda@s wide awake, staring a ceiling. James is still asleep. He stretches, waking up. Miranda turns and closes her eyes, pretending to be aslee looks a little surprised to find Miranda in his bed; we see the m the wedding coming back to him. Now it@s his turn to stare at the cei He reaches over and takes Miranda@s hand; the situation is serious b least they@re in it together. She doesn@t look at him.
83) 0) text: Miranda looks in the refrigerator, which is nearly empty lifts the lid ona pizza box, takes out a slice and takes a bite. She sits d the kitchen table and looks out at the quiet street. Her eyes move down to hands. She holds them in front of her and examines them, like someon hands. She touches the ring James gave her, which looks cheap in the morning light. She twists it off her finger and holds it in her fist, dr knees up to her chest.
86) 0) text: The music ends. Miranda shows up for work. Lucy looks sur to see her.
86) 2) dialog: I am?
86) 4) dialog: (matter-of-fact) We got married.
86) 6) dialog: I thought you might disapprove.
86) 8) dialog: This can@t be from Nick. You can@t even tolerate Nick. You@re never going to forgive him for as long as you live.
86) 10) dialog: I tried to tell you about that song.
86) 12) dialog: Maybe the same reason you didn@t tell him.
86) 14) dialog: 
86) 17) dialog: Oh. I don@t have anything good enough
86) 19) dialog: When did you turn into such an optimist?
86) 21) dialog: It kind of happened when he wasn@t looking.
87) 0) text: Later that night, Miranda brings some customers their dri heads back to the bar. On her way, she runs into James.
87) 1) dialog: Hey. I know you.
87) 3) dialog: Not right now.
87) 7) dialog: I might.
87) 9) dialog: Austin? You@re aware you@re already in the country music recording capital of the world.
87) 11) dialog: How long will you be gone?
87) 13) dialog: You@re just taking off? Day after tomorrow. And you aren@t going to ask me if I want to come. James is surprised that she@s upset. He looks around to s anyone is looking at them. No one is.
87) 15) dialog: (loudly) The fact that we@re married doesn@t mean that you get to decide what I want. Now a few people turn to look.
87) 18) dialog: Don@t pull this on me. You@re the one who@s leaving. Maybe you@ve gotten what you wanted out of this. You proved to yourself that you could commit to something. Well, a commitment lasts more than two days. They notice everyone staring at them and lower their voic
87) 20) dialog: Maybe you can only commit to one thing at a time. I guess we know what your one thing is.
87) 22) dialog: I just don@t think there@ll be anything to see. (hurt) You asked me to marry you. She twists the ring off her finger and holds it in her fi looking like she might throw it. Instead she drops her fist, turns around, and w away. James watches her for only a second before he turns and leaves.
88) 0) text: Miranda sleeps in her old bed. In the other half of the r Linda Lue is packing to leave. The dog climbs in her suitcase and she out and sets him on the bed. It looks like she@s almost done. Her side the room now looks like a typical tacky motel room; no floral bedsprea picture of Loretta Lynn. Miranda opens her eyes.
88) 2) dialog: And miss the opportunity to see another piece of my life crumble away? Linda Lue looks concerned.
88) 4) dialog: I think the marriage just woke him up. We realized he didn@t want to be with me for the rest of his life. The wedding thing was a big mistake.
88) 6) dialog: He@s the one who left me. Linda Lue sits next to her on the bed.
88) 8) dialog: How many people die in this story?
88) 10) dialog: Has it occurred to you that this story is completely inappropriate for this situation?
88) 12) dialog: Which one of them dies?
88) 14) dialog: So her heart led her to the hardware store.
88) 16) dialog: Yeah. But you didn@t read my heart line. Linda Lue gives her a knowing look.
88) 19) dialog: This isn@t helping.
88) 21) dialog: Who@s going to die now? Linda Lue smiles.
88) 23) dialog: No, honestly, I couldn@t stand you or Mr. Buster Dog another day. Go to Hollywood and tell them who the hell you are. Linda Lue hugs her, then gets up and closes her suitcase.
89) 0) text: Linda Lue and the dog are gone. Miranda sits cross-legged bed, her notebook open in front of her. We hear Pam Tillis passion singing @Maybe it was Memphis.@® Miranda picks up a piece of paper that looks like her mar certificate. She folds it in half and cuts it into a heart shape. She unfo and cuts the heart into pieces with a jagged break. She positions them on a her notebook. There@s a knock at the door. Miranda opens it to find Kyl standing there.
90) 0) text: Kyle leads Miranda out of the bar; she@s a little tipsy. pass a man ina cowboy hat standing on the sidewalk, singing for tips. Mi sings along with him.
90) 2) dialog: Well, I@m having a pretty good time. Let@s go somewhere else. Wanna go to Graceland? Kyle@s just trying to get her into the car without incide
90) 4) dialog: I don@t get it.
90) 6) dialog: This whole thing. What@s the matter with me?
90) 8) dialog: No. There@s something wrong with me. Nobody wants me. Nobody cares about me. She@s really getting upset. Kyle wraps his arms around he holding her like a child.
90) 11) dialog: Do you love me? Kyle loosens his hold on her; he has to protect himself n
90) 13) dialog: (persistent) Are you in love with me? Kyle pulls away from her altogether.
90) 16) dialog: I@m sorry. Really.
90) 18) dialog: I don@t know. I want you to stay in love with me always, and I want you to get over me and be my friend forever.
90) 21) dialog: And I@m like that song, the first one.
90) 23) dialog: Maybe the needle@s just stuck.
90) 25) dialog: For awhile, my favorite song was @Shadow Dancin@®. It@s not anymore.
90) 28) dialog: No he won@t. It@s o.k. This kind of thing happens to me all the time.
90) 30) dialog: I@m not going to be here. I@m going back home. This is the last thing Kyle wants to hear.
90) 32) dialog: Do you know how hard it was to leave New York? I had wanted to do it for years and then my father died, and I just did it, left everything behind. I think I thought I could pay him back, for giving up his dream. Now I know he would@ve given it up sooner or later anyway. When you think you have a dream, all it does is give you hope that you can have something good, then you find out you can never have that. Maybe it wasn@t even there to be had.
90) 34) dialog: Kyle, all the signs are pointing in the same direction. Away from Nashville. Away from country music. At some point, I have to pay attentions. I have to start again.
90) 36) dialog: Saying you@re going to do something and actually doing it are two different things.
90) 38) dialog: Don@t make me feel any worse. This is all I have left. Kyle shakes his head, disagreeing.
92) 0) text: Miranda, carrying her guitar and suitcase, buys a bus tic
94) 0) text: Miranda sits by a window, staring out. She reaches into h backpack, pulls out her walkman, and puts on the headphones.
96) 0) text: Miranda fumbles through her backpack until she finds what looking for; a Bon Jovi cassette. She takes the tape out of its c pops it in her walkman. She presses play. We hear what she hears, but it Bon Jovi. It@s country music - her father singing one of his songs. is startled. She quickly hit stop, taking out the tape to look at it. Verifying what it is, she puts it back in her walkman and hits play.
98) 0) text: Miranda stares out the window, the tape still going in he walkman. We hear what@s on the tape - now it@s a letter from her father.
101) 0) text: Miranda sits in a booth in the coffee shop, looking out t as her bus pulls away.
103) 0) text: Miranda has fallen asleep on the table. The waitress come touches her arm. Miranda raises her head and squints at her.
103) 2) dialog: Thanks. The waitress fills her coffee cup. Miranda looks down at table. Her notebook is open; the page is filled with words. She look them, as if for the first time. She doesn@t seem sure if she likes what s
104) 0) text: James comes into the caf@ and finds Lucy and Nick@s engag party in progress. A singer onstage dedicates a song to the happy who sit ata table near the back. James looks around for Miranda and, seeing her, goes over to Lucy and Nick.
104) 1) text: Is Miranda here?
105) 0) text: Later that night. Kyle is onstage, performing a love song Lucy and Nick. James has moved to the bar; he faces away from the stage. Miranda walks in, carrying her guitar. She finds Lucy and her. Lucy is happy to see her. They have a brief conversation, whic don@t hear because Kyle is singing. We now that Lucy tells her James because Miranda looks over to where he sits. She looks apprehensi takes a deep breath and regains her resolve. Kyle finishes his song. Lucy comes onstage and speaks int microphone.
105) 3) dialog: (relieved) I thought you had left.
105) 5) dialog: I did, but I came back. She notices something in her hand.
105) 6) dialog: What@s this? She looks; it@s a thin silver wedding ring.