4) 5) text: She has ONE NEW TEXT. From someone named ALEX. It reads: “TODAY IS THE DAY!" She SMILES, somewhat shyly, as she reads this, then begin type her response.
5) 0) text: The Loyola High School boys lacrosse practice is winding down. ALEX, 18, still in uniform, with helmet off, stands the sideline watching the second string run some drills. His PHONE, which sits in his helmet on the ground, BUZZES He picks it up, reads the return text from JANICE:
18) 0) text: Harrison walks in, carrying his daughter OLIVIA (10) on h shoulders, to find ALEXANDRA (40s), pouring orange juice.
30) 0) text: A CITY BUS pulls up to the corner and Alex hops out in hi Loyola school uniform. He holds a rather large duffel bag He checks his phone, which has a new text message from Janice. It reads: ALMOST THERE! Alex quickly takes off down the street.
31) 0) text: Alex walks up the front lawn of a well-kept 1910 Craftsma He squats down in front of a LARGE POTTED PLANT on the po and fishes out the SPARE KEY. He unlocks the door, replaces the key, and enters the hou
32) 0) text: Alex makes his way to Janice’s bedroom and starts unpacki his bag. He pulls out a bunch of CANDLES, quickly setting them up around the bed. He pulls out a newly bought CANDLE WAND a hastily opens it, lighting all the candles as fast as he He takes out a box of CONDOMS and puts them on the nightstand. Then he undoes his tie, unbuttons his shirt and strips do to his boxers. He hops on the bed, trying to position himself suggestively for Janice’s entrance. 2/18/9 40. He finds that he’s staring at himself in the MIRRORED CLO across the room. And he looks really lame. He tries anoth pose - on his side, propped up by his elbow - way too Playgirl. He tries sitting cross-legged - now it looks li he’s meditating amongst all the candles. Finally he gets up and throws a sheet over the mirror. As he’s trying to get it to stay up, he hears the FRONT DOOR OPEN. He scrambles back to the bed and lies down. He tries to contain his excitement as he hears footsteps down the hall. Then, as the footsteps get to the bedroom door he sees not Janice but her mom GRACE (40, pretty) walking past the open door. Alex panics and slides off the bed, knocking over a candl
32) 1) dialog: Shit! Grace runs to the doorway, shocked to see Alex, in his boxers, trying to get up.
32) 3) dialog: Mrs. Smart I’m so sorry. Alex quickly tries to blow out all the candles and gather clothes. It’s not going well.
32) 5) dialog: I - uhh - I - was trying to take a nap.
32) 7) dialog: It relaxes me. Grace looks at Alex, now with all his clothes in his arms bag over his shoulder, still only in his boxers.
32) 9) dialog: No, it’s fine. anyway. Alex hurriedly tries to push squeezing through the door. footing and FALLS FACE FIRST 41. I need to go past Grace into the hallway, But in doing so he loses his in the hall, bag and clothes flying everywhere. to his feet, but as he does his on the baseboard, RIPPING HIS feet. He quickly tries to scramble boxers CATCH ON THE DOORSTOP BOXERS OFF as he hops to his Grace tries to avert her eyes at the sight of Alex’s bare ass, and he quickly grabs his clothes and bag and scurrie outside, completely naked.
33) 0) text: Janice pulls up in her beat up Camry and parks in front o her house. She checks herself in her rearview mirror, putting on a little lip-gloss, fluffing her hair. Then, behind her in the mirror she notices ALEX RUNNING D THE SIDEWALK, NAKED, covered by the bundle of clothes in front of him. Her eyes open wide. He reaches her car and hops in - out of breath.
33) 2) dialog: Mom.
33) 4) dialog: Yeah. My mom was at your house.
33) 6) dialog: That I was taking a nap.
33) 8) dialog: No - the naked part came after I told her that.
33) 10) dialog: Seriously, there’s no explaining this. Just drive. She could be coming out any second. Janice starts the car and pulls out. INT. JANICE’S CAR - DAY Janice and Alex sit in her parked car outside of Loyola H School, Alex now fully dressed.
33) 11) dialog: What about after school?
33) 13) dialog: Right. Can you skip your class tonight?
33) 15) dialog: Sorry. And I work tonight until 11. Crap. They both sit there in silence, thinking.
33) 16) dialog: Look, maybe we’re just putting too much pressure on it being today. The whole point initially was to do it before we went off to college - and we still have 6 months before that.
33) 18) dialog: OK, so 4 months. That’s stilla long time. 2/18/9 43. Janice doesn’t like the sound of that.
33) 20) dialog: OK. Just - give me some time. I‘1l figure this out. I promise. Janice looks at him, softening. She nods. He leans in and gives her a kiss, then hops out of the car and heads towa school.
54) 0) text: Janice follows Alex farther into the woods.
54) 2) dialog: So, you know how I said I'd figure something out?
54) 4) dialog: Well - Janice sees how Alex has figured it out - he’s fashioned BED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WOODS with pillows, blankets, sleeping bags, etc. He’s put some colorful flowers all around. It’s actually kinda cool. But Janice is not impressed.
54) 6) dialog: Yeah.
54) 8) dialog: It’s rustic. And romantic. It’s romantically rustic.
54) 10) dialog: No I checked. I’ve been screaming obscenities for an hour. There’s no way they can hear us.
54) 12) dialog: (meekly) I promised I’d figure it out. Janice looks at him, seething.
65) 0) text: Beverly Hills. A giant lobster hanging in the center. The height of expensive Valentine’s Day prix fixe dinners. Harrison sits at a candlelit table with his wife, Alexand
74) 5) dialog: Cheer up, Rani. I’11 be your Valentine. He gives her a sweet big brother smile.
82) 7) dialog: What? No. I mean - eventually. But we’ve got time. Alex goes back to kissing her. She stops.
82) 9) dialog: Seriously? Are we talking about this?
82) 11) dialog: Sure. Sure. To be expected. They go back to kissing. Janice stops again.
82) 13) dialog: What? I thought you loved the food here.
82) 16) dialog: You good?
82) 19) dialog: You're right. Should we try my back seat? It’s a little bigger -
82) 21) dialog: What are you talking about? We’re great.
82) 23) dialog: I don’t understand.
82) 26) dialog: I know.