8) 5) dialog: I lied. Estelle reaches under her pillow. Pulls out a brand new pipe, wrapped in a red ribbon. Hands it to him.
9) 3) dialog: We're doing the best we can. Together, they enter the kitchen. Loving smiles now.
23) 0) text: Edgar drives his grandson Edison to school. Edison holds Valentines firmly in his lap. The biggest one -- with the single red heart on the envelope -- is on top.
23) 2) dialog: (smiling) I’ve told you that before.
23) 4) dialog: I was nineteen. Your grandma was eighteen. I was an architect. I worked in the front office with a big window. Your grandma would come out every morning and post the mail. Then she’d sneak a smoke. Edison puts his hand over his heart. 2/18/9 30.
23) 6) dialog: I thought she was the prettiest girl I’d ever seen, so I got up my courage and waited by the postbox to say hello.
23) 8) dialog: That’s right. So she pushed me aside, and said, “Move, big fella.”
59) 26) dialog: He’ll be fine. Today is a lot of pressure for anyone, let alone such a young boy.
59) 37) text: JANICE (CONT’D) Like - what, I’m going to sleep with just one person in my entire life? That’s just - preposterous. Who does that? A small smile comes across Edgar’s face. He looks to Estelle, then back to Janice.
59) 38) dialog: We did. Janice looks at them in disbelief.
59) 40) dialog: Now, granted, it was a different time. People married earlier, and weren’t as promiscuous as they are now. They were more promiscuous than the movies of the time would lead you to believe, but still... Edgar looks to Estelle, trying to bring her into the conversation, but she looks - odd. She’s staring off, not meeting his eye. Edgar continues.
59) 41) dialog: And we went through several periods where we were apart - months where I was away on business or Estelle was off on location - and we managed to make it through. As Edgar keeps talking, tears begin to well up in Estelle eyes. He’s oblivious, while Janice becomes aware somethin is wrong.
59) 42) dialog: Now, I’m not saying it was easy, or even that it’s something that you should do. But just that it’s possible. And it’s the thing I’m most proud of. Being faithful to one woman is the greatest accomplishment of my life. 2/18/9 81. Edgar finishes, smiling, but Janice is now focused on Estelle, who has tears running down her face.
59) 45) dialog: Honey, what is it? She looks at him, not saying anything. He looks back at h waiting. Then, he just - knows. He gets up and walks out of the ro INT. EDISON’S ROOM - SAME Janice opens the door to Edison's bedroom, but he’s nowhe to be seen.
60) 0) text: Edison walks briskly down Wilshire, heading east, backpac his back. A few passersby give him an odd look, this kid for a stroll by himself, but he doesn’t even notice. He’s a mission. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - AFTERNOON Janice stands outside the closed door to Edgar and Estell room, about to knock. Through the door she can hear the muffled sound of an unmistakably serious conversation goi on inside. She thinks better of knocking, pulls her hand down. She’ll have to deal with this herself. 2/18/9 82. She moves quickly down the hall and out the front door. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Edgar is packing a suitcase. His hands shaking. Estelle stands in the doorway.
60) 2) dialog: Michael? You had an affair with my business partner?
60) 4) dialog: I called you every day, even when I was so exhausted I couldn’t even stand up long enough to take a shower. I still called. His movements are shaky. Estelle moves forward, puts her arms around his waist.
60) 6) dialog: Then why do this? Why tell me now?
60) 8) dialog: Sad fact is, Estelle, the truth makes everything else seem like a lie. The look on his face is so final. He walks out the door. 2/18/9 83.
75) 0) text: Night. CLOSE on the headstones of dead Hollywood stars. M Blanc, Douglas Fairbanks, Tyrone Power, Bugsy Siegel. The cemetery - where some of old hollywood's biggest star are buried - is filling with couples who spread blankets the lawn, ready to watch the movie projected outside. A S advertises tonight’s movie: PILLOW TALK Jason walks past the tickets line, tickets in hand. As he passes, Edgar makes it to the front of the line.
75) 1) dialog: Just one please.
75) 3) dialog: You don’t understand -
75) 6) dialog: Thank you very much, young man.
75) 8) dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day. There’s got to be a story there. Jason hands TWO TICKETS to the USHER at the entry gate, a they walk in together.
75) 10) dialog: Not a good story, or not a good ending.
75) 13) dialog: Oh really? Today I found out my wife cheated on me. Jason looks at him - touche. Edgar holds up a silver flas
75) 14) dialog: Bourbon? Jason smiles. Definitely.
78) 0) text: Both Edgar and Jason are a little inebriated now. The fil playing in the background.
78) 1) dialog: So tell me about your girl. Where is she? Jason looks at him.
78) 3) dialog: I know what bullshit means, son.
78) 5) dialog: That’s my girl. Jason looks to the screen - his mouth drops open.
78) 7) dialog: She still is.
78) 9) dialog: You know - I have this story I tell my grandson about how we met. I tell it the same every time - it goes like this: I was nineteen. Estelle was eighteen. I was an architect. I worked in the front office with a big window. She would come out every morning and post the mail. I thought she was the prettiest girl I’d ever seen, so I got up my courage and waited by the postbox to say hello. Only I didn’t say a word because I was afraid. So she pushed me aside, and said, “Move, big fella.” But I kept coming back every day until she agreed to go out with me.
78) 11) dialog: It is. Too bad it’s, as you say, bullshit.
78) 13) dialog: I mean, don’t get me wrong, all of that happened. But the part I leave out is what happened after. Our first date was a crushing failure. (MORE )
78) 14) text: EDGAR (cont'd) I was so nervous I stalled out my car, forgot my wallet, made horribly awkward conversation - I thought she’d never want to see me again.
78) 16) dialog: After a few weeks, yes. But I had put so much pressure on that one date that it was bound to fail. Our second date we went on a walk. That’s it. It wasn’t until we stripped away all expectation that we really began to fall in love. Edgar looks back at the screen, at the beautiful image of young wife. Jason does, too, thinking about what he’s hea
82) 0) text: Edgar now alone, waiting for the climactic scene in the movie. Watching closely as:
82) 5) dialog: Estelle? Estelle? Over here! Estelle peers into the darkness to find Edgar, waving the silver flask. Edgar starts running to her. The best he can for an older man. She too, makes her way to him.... And they run, dodging headstones. People. Picnic baskets. And they meet. Tears in her eyes. In his. She looks at him. Hopeful. When he takes her into her arms. And kisses her. In perfect sync with the movie playing behind them. INT. JANICE’S CAR - NIGHT Janice and Alex make out with abandon in the back seat of car. Janice pulls back, looks at Alex. 2/18/9 107.