9) 0) text: EDISON (10) sits at the kitchen table. A multi-pack of ki mini-boxes of cereal sits in front of him next to an empt cereal bowl. The kitchen TV is on in the background. Edison takes his eyes off the TV and looks down at the store-bought box of VALENTINES laid out in front of him. He finds the biggest He signs it, “I love you. Edison.” On the outside, he dra a simple heart and sets it apart from the others.
9) 6) dialog: Not hungry. I’m in love.
23) 0) text: Edgar drives his grandson Edison to school. Edison holds Valentines firmly in his lap. The biggest one -- with the single red heart on the envelope -- is on top.
23) 1) dialog: (beat) Tell me the story about the postbox.
23) 3) dialog: I know. It just makes more sense now that I’m in love.
23) 5) dialog: Smoking is bad, I know. I solemnly swear never to smoke. Go on. Edgar can’t help but smile.
23) 7) dialog: Only you didn’t say a word because you were afraid.
23) 9) dialog: But you kept coming back every day until she agreed to go out with you. Edison looks at him, very seriously. Digesting it all. Ed pulls the car over in front of Rita Flora.
23) 10) dialog: You don’t have to come in. I can do this myself. He’s out of the car, heavy backpack bobbing behind him.
24) 0) text: Edison, a long line behind him, finally reaches Reed at t counter.
24) 1) dialog: I want to send a dozen red roses to the best girl at my school. Edison drops a stack of wrinkled dollar bills on the coun Reed picks up the money. Counts it.
24) 3) dialog: You can have all of it. Crescent Elementary. You can MapQuest it. He hands him the Valentine with the heart on the envelope 2/18/9 31.
24) 4) dialog: 5th period - like between 1 and 2pm - would be ideal. Just hand me the flowers when you get there. I’11 take care of the rest. Reed takes the Valentine. Looks at Edison’s very serious, very in love face. Makes a decision.
29) 21) dialog: You were going to say executed! Executed equals killed! They killed Valentine because he married people in love?
41) 5) dialog: Whatcha listening to Rani? Rani pulls out one earbud, smiles.
41) 7) dialog: Anytime. Edison takes a seat. Rani quickly pulls out her other ear as Julia rushes in with an OVERNIGHT BAG. Throws it under her desk and turns to the class.
41) 15) dialog: Yes, ma’am?
41) 17) dialog: No, ma’am. I did not.
42) 7) dialog: Mr. Flora. What about my roses? Reed's blank, trying to place him out of the environment.
42) 8) dialog: I gave you thirteen dollars! Reed puts an arm on Edison’s shoulders.
42) 10) dialog: You promised me. Fifth period. I chose you because you were on TV this morning when I was writing my Valentines. It was a sign. Julia kneels down, consoles him.
48) 0) text: Edison races out the doors, past other STUDENTS, pulling from the crowd. He frantically looks and finds a car he recognizes. Spots it. Grabs open the passenger side door. Gets inside. INT. JANICE’S TOYOTA CAMRY - DAY Inside the car, Edison reaches over to the ignition, trie start the car for Janice, his nanny.
48) 1) dialog: Go, go.
48) 3) dialog: Okay. I’m breathing.
48) 5) dialog: She doesn’t know I love her. I have to make it right. You have to help me or I’m lost. I’m just lost.
48) 7) dialog: Yes, I am. She didn’t get her flowers. She doesn’t know -
48) 9) dialog: She’s not a little girl.
48) 11) dialog: I do. I hate it. Now will you help me?
48) 13) dialog: I don’t like soccer.
48) 15) dialog: Fine. Janice starts the car and pulls out. 2/18/9 65.
53) 0) text: Griffith Park. Glorious. Picnics. A carousel. Janice is sitting on a crowded grassy hill watching Edison play soc Edison is not into it, missing a pass. He wants the game over. A PLAYER on his team comes up and shoves him for th error. Edison just takes it. 2/18/9 68.
53) 1) dialog: (to the Player) Can’t you see my heart is broken? The PLAYER can’t quite believe his ears. Then runs past h with the rest of the team to the other side of the field. Edison stays right where he is, the lone man on the cente the field. Finally, the COACH calls time out. Walks up to Edison. Friendly hand on his shoulder.
53) 3) dialog: Sporting events, such as these, feel trivial at the moment, Coach. The Coach has no response for that.
59) 23) dialog: (still upset) Tomorrow is not gonna work.
59) 25) dialog: But tomorrow is too late! It has to be today! Edison runs out of the room, the sound of his bedroom doo slamming echoes down the hall. Silence in the kitchen.
60) 0) text: Edison walks briskly down Wilshire, heading east, backpac his back. A few passersby give him an odd look, this kid for a stroll by himself, but he doesn’t even notice. He’s a mission. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - AFTERNOON Janice stands outside the closed door to Edgar and Estell room, about to knock. Through the door she can hear the muffled sound of an unmistakably serious conversation goi on inside. She thinks better of knocking, pulls her hand down. She’ll have to deal with this herself. 2/18/9 82. She moves quickly down the hall and out the front door. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Edgar is packing a suitcase. His hands shaking. Estelle stands in the doorway.
72) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Edison’s backpack, CEL PHONE RINGING in the sid netted pocket. WIDEN TO: Edison still walking alone, considerably slower than he did at the outset. With all the traffic noise, he doesn’t hear his phone ring. 2/18/9 96. It’s getting dark, and this part of Wilshire looks a litt sketchy when the sun goes down. But as he approaches La Brea, he gets a second wind and puts it into high gear.
76) 0) text: It’s still busy, mostly men rushing in before they drive home. Reed walks in, still clinging to his BLACK BOX. Not the upbeat Reed we’re used to. He watches as his clerks m quickly and efficiently. Edison enters, exhausted from his walk. He’s so out of breath he can barely talk. But he trudges right up to Ree who can’t believe his eyes.
76) 1) dialog: (between gulps of air) You. Owe. Me. Flowers. Reed looks at him, full of guilt. He looks down to the bo in his hands, gets an idea. Smiles. 2/18/9 99.
80) 0) text: The van pulls up, Reed and Edison hop out. As Reed goes t the back to grab the flower, Janice’s car pulls up. She jumps out and makes a bee-line for Edison, who starts apologizing before she can even talk.
80) 1) dialog: I'm sorry -
80) 3) dialog: I know - I know -
80) 5) dialog: I do. But you weren’t - no one was - no one was helping me. I just had to do it myself. 2/18/9 105. Janice looks at him as Reed approaches with the BOX, take the scene.
80) 8) dialog: No. Thanks. I made it this far. I want to do this alone.
80) 11) dialog: Thanks Mr. Flora. Reed smiles.
83) 0) text: Determined, Edison walks into Anarkali carrying the black box. The diners smile back at the little boy. Edison spots Julia at the back table. He approaches, and he nears, Julia turns and sees him -
83) 4) dialog: This is for you.
83) 6) dialog: Yes.
83) 8) dialog: Very sure. Julia reluctantly takes the box, not sure what to say. Sh opens it, looks inside, and looks for a good long time at contents before she closes the box and smiles at Edison.
83) 10) dialog: Because I love you. Julia looks at Edison, heart breaking. She kneels down to his level, looks him in the eye, talks to him quietly.
83) 12) dialog: But I do.
83) 14) dialog: You're saying I have no shot with you. Julia laughs out loud.
83) 15) dialog: Oh I get that. The age difference alone would be difficult to overcome. I just - I want to give you flowers. I feel like you deserve so much more than you’re getting. This really hits Julia hard. He’s right. As she tries to process this, she sees REED TAKE A FEW MORE STEPS INTO TH RESTAURANT. THEY LOCK EYES.
83) 17) text: 2/18/9 JULIA (cont'd) But I really think you should be giving this to someone else. Edison looks confused.
83) 18) dialog: Who?
83) 20) dialog: Rani? But I don’t love her. She's just my friend.
83) 22) dialog: I don’t know. She has Tom Waits on her iPod. That’s pretty cool for a fifth grader. Julia smiles, then looks to Reed.
84) 0) text: Edison The wide corridor - lined with assistant’s desks - is dar and quiet. Except for one, where Liz sits alone, on the phone.
85) 0) text: Reed watches as Edison stands across from Rani at the fro of the restaurant.
85) 1) dialog: I’m really sorry about what those girls did to you today.
85) 3) dialog: They're not, right? Edison stands there awkwardly, holding the black box. 2/18/9 114.
85) 4) dialog: Well anyway, here. He hands her the bouquet. She takes the box, opens it. Pulls out the SINGLE FLOWER. It’s a RARE THAI PARROT FLOW Deep, vibrant purple, like no other flower you’ve ever se And amazingly shaped like a PARROT. It’s stunning. Rani can’t believe her eyes.
85) 5) dialog: I don’t usually go for girls my age, but you’re pretty sophisticated.
85) 7) dialog: I don’t really have anything else to say.
86) 2) dialog: Mommy! You’re here! She pulls him into her arms. Breathing in his scent. Kissing his eyes, his face, his ears. Anything she can.