2) 0) text: The set of the KTLA news is a flurry activity as the morn show is about to go on the air. 2/18/9 3. KELVIN, late 30s, African-American, walks briskly through set, holding a piece of paper. He spots SUSAN, 50s, across the stage, and makes a bee-li for her. As he approaches, he holds up the paper. He’s clearly annoyed.
2) 1) dialog: What the hell is this? Susan half-smiles, seeming to enjoy his frustration.
2) 3) dialog: My assignment? Since when do I get assignments?
2) 5) dialog: I’m the sports anchor, Susan. There’s always something going on.
2) 7) dialog: Actually I was working on something big - Susan stops, getting a little annoyed.
2) 9) dialog: Ummm - no - 2/18/9 4.
2) 11) dialog: And you should have that. But, seriously Susan - I’m not the right guy. I hate Valentine’s Day. Least favorite holiday. It’s not even a holiday, really, we don’t get the day off. So we have to go to work AND buy shit for people we might not even know in two weeks? No thanks. Susan laughs -
2) 13) dialog: I’m serious. It’s the single man’s worst nightmare. I shut down dating from New Years Eve til Presidents Day just to avoid the whole thing. Saves me a lot of cash and heartache. Susan looks at him, almost sympathetically.
2) 35) dialog: Sir? If we can just get a few words from you on camera, then we'll be done. Kelvin turns to the camera crew. They start rolling.
2) 36) dialog: (into mic) We're here at the downtown Flower Mart in Los Angeles with wholesale dealer Guiseppe Carletti, where Valentine’s Day starts at three a.m. Guiseppe, on average, how Many red roses are sold on Valentine’s Day? Guiseppe is staring into the camera. Reed nudges him.
2) 38) dialog: Approximately 110 million red roses are sold in America on Valentine’s Day, am I right?
2) 42) dialog: And your name, sir? Reed smiles easily into the camera.
2) 44) dialog: Ah, as a florist, you must hear quite a few stories on Valentine’s Day. Do you believe in love?
2) 46) dialog: Back to you, Cynthia. Signals the end. The camera turns off.
2) 47) dialog: Thank you.
2) 49) dialog: That’s a start. Now, where else do they keep the deluded people? The guys walk off. Guiseppe and Reed watch them go. Guiseppe, baffled, turns Reed: 2/18/9 9.
3) 10) dialog: ...Thank you, Reed Bennett of Rita Flora.
19) 0) text: Kelvin and his crew shoot close on a tattoo on a burly ar Half a woman’s name -- ELIZAB -- still shows. As the TATT ARTIST is completing the “eth” he says:
19) 2) dialog: So it’s busy?
19) 4) dialog: Why is that?
35) 0) text: A LARGE INFLATABLE RAT is parked in front of a PEP BOYS, stopping traffic. Kelvin and the camera crew interview a petite round CHOLA (18). Eyebrows single slashes of orange liquid liner.
35) 2) dialog: (points to the rat) Has he seen it? She looks back at the open bay of the Pep Boys, where all employees are laughing and pointing, except one: CISCO (n embroidered on his work shirt) who pretends not to notice he angrily works on a Buick, cranked up on hydraulics. Chola smiles. Extremely pleased.
36) 10) dialog: Well, the press release just came off the wire...
36) 12) dialog: And I know that Sean’s not gonna want this to drag on for too long. He’s gonna make a decision soon. So here’s what I’m thinking. When he does decide - whatever he decides, whether to play for another team or god forbid retire - I think you should give the exclusive to me. Local player gives big story to local sports guy. It’s a win-win. 2/18/9 47. Kara smiles at his forwardness.
36) 14) dialog: Well, not necessarily -
36) 16) dialog: Yeah right. I can’t wait for this day to be over. Kara smiles.
49) 0) text: Kelvin and his camera crew interview a MALE employee of T Grove movie theatre. He’s in uniform, a mix between a ban uniform and a bellhop, complete with red hat. The “dancin water fountain is behind him in the background.
49) 2) dialog: What do you think of Valentine’s Day?
59) 0) text: Kelvin, with his camera crew, stands on the street corner interviewing a chubby male CUPID, wearing white diapers, white wings with gold bows and arrows slung over his shou and eating a submarine sandwich.
59) 2) dialog: So you're saying today is about money?
59) 4) dialog: I think we got it. The CAMERAMAN starts to pack up his stuff. 2/18/9 76.
59) 6) dialog: You know what - I think we’re done. Just pack up the van. I’11 be right back. With that, Kelvin takes off across the street. INT. D/D/K PR - KARA’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON Kelvin comes blowing into Kara’s office, trailed by JAN, Kara’s assistant.
59) 7) dialog: Kara, I’m sorry to bother you- I told him you were very b Kara looks up from her desk, EYES WET WITH TEARS. Kelvin Jan stop in their tracks.
59) 8) dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to -
59) 10) dialog: So - I know you said there wasn't much chance, but I - She cuts him off.
59) 12) dialog: Umm - I really just came here to try and get the exclusive with Sean - but - 2/18/9 77.
59) 14) dialog: I’m working. 5pm, 10pm and 1lpm newscasts. I usually only do one of those, but everyone wanted off tonight and I’m more than happy to oblige. It’s one of the perks of having a night job - there’s always excuse not to participate in all this ridiculousness. Kara gives a small smile, satisfied by the answer. She ge up, walks over to the couch, sits next to Kelvin.
59) 16) dialog: I don’t think so. I don’t think I’ve ever had one. Again, by choice, but -
59) 20) dialog: Oh. OK.
59) 22) dialog: No. It was - no problem. Kelvin looks at her, mind searching for something else to say. He comes up with nothing. So he just turns and goes. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY Edison and Janice stand in the kitchen. Edgar and Estelle both sit at the kitchen table, phone in Estelle’s hand.
61) 0) text: Kelvin sits in the makeup chair, tissue covering his suit The HAIR AND MAKEUP TEAM put on the finishing touches. Susan appears at the door, takes in the scene.
61) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Today wasn’t so bad. Susan takes a few steps in, perplexed.
61) 4) dialog: How’s that?
61) 6) dialog: Look, Susan - I tried. I wanted it to come out differently - but this is just what presented itself.
68) 0) text: Sean stands at the podium, flanked by Kara and Drew. As S collects his notes, Kara scans the crowd. She finds KELVIN - NEAR THE BACK. They meet eyes. He give a small smile. She returns it. Sean looks at his notes, then puts them down. Doesn’t nee them.
68) 4) dialog: Kelvin Briggs - KTLA. I guess I’m a little unclear. Are you retiring?
79) 0) text: Kara and Kelvin now sit at the booth talking, the flowers between them. She still can’t stop smiling.
79) 2) dialog: Your assistant Jan and I have become pretty close today - so - Kara laughs.
79) 4) dialog: So - I have to know. Did you know about Sean? I mean - before today. Kara tries to hide her smile.
79) 7) dialog: You can have both.
79) 15) dialog: Kelvin.
79) 17) dialog: I’m actually Kara’s date. Julia looks to Kara - who looks as surprised as she does. The DOOR OPENS again, TWO WOMEN RUSH IN, FLUSTERED. It’s DANA AND ELISE (BOTH 30'S). They approach the table. Kara and Julia can’t believe their eyes.
86) 0) text: Kelvin sits behind the news desk, doing his 10 o’clock report.
86) 1) dialog: I'd like to take a moment and comment on the story we reported earlier - Sean Jackson's coming out. A ground-breaking day in sports, for sure - Mr. Jackson's name likely to be remembered along side the likes of Jackie Robinson, Muhammad Ali, Billie Jean King. But let’s let future generations decide where to place this. Today, of all days, I would like to look at this act not as one of defiance, or wall-busting, or history making - but simply as this: what a man will do for love. Off camera - Susan watches, pleased. And standing a few f away from her - KARA, beaming ear to ear. 2/18/9 116. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - DOORWAY/HALLWAY - NIGHT Darkness. A FIGURE uses a key, enters the home, walking softly inside the sleeping household. The FIGURE quietly makes its way down the hallway towards back of the house. Reaches a closed door. Pushes it open. INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - EDISON’S ROOM - NIGHT Posters of the Space Shuttle and the Solar System on the walls. Edison is sound asleep. His hair covers his face. A HAND touches him gently. Edison slowly stirs. The Hand shakes him a bit harder this time. Until he opens his eye SHOCK on his face. Not believing what he’s seeing. He reaches over and turns on a lamp, shaped like a rocket sh The Figure is: KATE. Still in her soldier uniform.