0) 0) text: The sun isn’t even up yet, but a sea of Amazonian red ros shine under the lights of the downtown flower mart. More than 80 VENDORS begin their day, readying their stal at the downtown flower mart where Angelenos come to buy t freshest, most extravagant flora in town. It's always springtime here. INT. REED BENNETT’S HOUSE - MID-WILSHIRE - 5 A.M. REED BENNETT (late 20s) wakes up easily, naturally. Handsome, rugged. Smile on his face, happy to be alive. H looks at the clock beside him. 5 a.m. Softly, he turns hi head. MORLEY CLARKSON (late 20s), lays sound asleep besid him. Reed gets up. Pulls on pajama bottoms. Then reaches under the bed, and pulls out a small box. Opens it. The perfect engagement ring inside. He sits on the bed, looking at her sleeping face. Softly pulls her left hand out from under the pillow. Reed now holds her naked left hand. When Morley wakes up. Catches the scene. She starts to say something, but:
14) 5) dialog: I wasn’t really expecting this... pleadingly at Reed.
14) 10) dialog: Not yet.
14) 12) dialog: You actually just left your cell phone charging on the kitchen counter - so I thought I’d drop it off. She goes to hand him the phone with her LEFT HAND.
14) 14) dialog: Of course. I know you need it when you're making deliveries. Redd looks at her hand. NO RING. She looks up - sees the hurt in this face.
14) 15) dialog: Don’t be upset. It’s a beautiful ring. Beautiful. It’s just - so big. And sparkly.
14) 17) dialog: It’s just - a lot. I mean for work and stuff.
14) 19) dialog: You know how women get - they see the ring - and then next thing you know you’re giving the whole engagement story to a complete stranger. Who wants that? Morley looks up at Reed - who is suppressing a smile.
14) 21) dialog: I’ve always wondered why men don’t have to wear engagement rings. They’re engaged, too.
14) 23) dialog: You are welcome to try mine. If you can pull of an emerald cut diamond with pave band - you are more of a man than I even thought. He laughs, and kisses her. 2/18/9 21.
14) 24) dialog: Well, I should let you get back to the masses out there. Morley turns to go, and is wrapped into a BEAR HUG by Alphonso.
14) 26) dialog: Thank you. He kisses her on the cheek.
14) 27) dialog: Oh. Thanks. And on the other cheek.
14) 28) dialog: Okay. I should probably get going.
44) 14) dialog: Reed? Reed is perplexed. He turns and heads toward the stairs.
45) 0) text: Morley sits on the bed.
45) 2) dialog: Hey. Reed just stands there, looking at her, not knowing what say. She does not look happy.
45) 4) dialog: I’m sorry Reed. Reed stands there, in shock, holding the black box.
45) 6) dialog: I’m so sorry. I should have been honest this morning. It just - it took me by surprise, and I didn’t want to hurt you. (MORE )
45) 7) text: MORLEY (cont'd) No one prepares girls for how to handle that scenario. They prepare us to say yes, not how to gracefully say no. Reed is clearly trying to remain upbeat.
45) 9) dialog: You didn’t do anything wrong. And it shouldn’t have been a surprise to me. I should have been thinking about our future, too. But I wasn’t. I was just coasting, knowing in my heart that we were not gonna go the distance. And that is not fair to you. You deserve a lot better than that. Morley takes the engagement ring from her pocket, hands i Reed. He studies the ring for a moment, then finally look up at Morley.
45) 11) dialog: Of course. But when you ask someone to marry you - do you want her to consider it? Or should she just know the answer? Off Reed, letting that sink in.