10) 0) text: Running down the beach fluidly is SEAN JACKSON, 35, clear an athlete who’s stride leaves not an ounce of wasted mot He approaches a massive HOUSE right on the beach, runs up deck stairs and into the house.
11) 0) text: Sean, just out of the shower, enters the impressive bathr in a towel. He grabs his toothbrush, begins to brush his teeth. Looks to his right at the other sink of the two si vanity. It’s devoid of any personal items except for ONE TOOTHBRUSH sitting in a cup. Sean stares at it. Finally he grabs the lone toothbrush a tosses it into the trash can at his feet. Continues brush his teeth.
12) 0) text: Sean, now dressed, enters from the kitchen holding a prot type shake. The TV is tuned to ESPN - the morning edition Sportscenter. ON THE TV - The ANCHOR sits at the familiar Sportscenter desk, with a graphic of SEAN OVER HIS RIGHT SHOULDER.
13) 2) dialog: Kara - it’s Sean.
13) 5) dialog: Can’t you stop these assholes on ESPN from talking shit about me?
13) 7) dialog: OK. Then I need to make a decision. I can’t take this anymore. Are you free today?
13) 9) dialog: I can hear you typing. Are you checking your email while we're talking?
13) 11) dialog: Oh right. Your “I Hate Valentine’s Day Dinner”. You still do that?
13) 13) dialog: It sounds fun.
13) 15) dialog: It sounds like a nightmare. Kara laughs.
13) 16) dialog: Expecting a big turnout?
13) 18) dialog: So?
26) 0) text: Sean walks into the CAA building, heads for the RECEPTION
26) 1) dialog: Sean Jackson here for Drew Goss. The receptionist nods, dials a few numbers. As Sean waits, JASON comes walking by, wheeling his cart packages and mail. He drops some mail off at the front de He nods at Sean (who he clearly recognizes), Sean nods ba As he passes, Jason breaks out in a big smile.
27) 0) text: Sean and Kara sit across from DREW, Sean’s 28 year old superagent.
27) 2) dialog: What?
27) 5) dialog: OK. But - why? We got to the Super Bowl. I was second team All- Pro -
27) 7) dialog: Whatever - I don’t...So - now what?
27) 9) dialog: Uh-uh. You're telling me I’ve got to move? To Buffalo? Are you insane? Me in Buffalo?
27) 11) dialog: It’s not that man, it’s just - I don’t know. Maybe I’m done.
27) 13) dialog: I know I can. I know. But - He turns to Kara. 2/18/9
27) 14) dialog: Kara, you get it, right?
27) 16) dialog: Drew - I know you’ve only been my agent for a few years, so you might not know - but this job has cost me a lot. Relationships. I wanted to be a father, man. But -
27) 18) dialog: Not in this league you can’t. Not if you want to do it right. It’s too hard. Trust me. Sean looks at them both.
27) 19) dialog: I need to think about this. Sean gets up, heads out the door.
37) 0) text: Sean drives down Little Santa Monica, classical music BLARING. He’s lost in thought. Oblivious, he turns LEFT too quickly -- REAR ENDING A RIT FLORA VAN. He gets out and approaches the van - as ALPHONSO gets out the driver side, not happy. Sean is instantly apologetic.
37) 1) dialog: I’m so sorry man. 2/18/9 48.
37) 3) dialog: I know. I don’t know what’s wrong with me today. Sean pulls out his wallet, hands Alphonso a card.
37) 4) dialog: Just call my business manager - he’s got all my info. Alphonso takes the card.
37) 6) dialog: Man. That many people get flowers delivered?
37) 8) dialog: No - I know. I just mean - why would you get flowers delivered when you could just go buy them and give them at home? It seems more personal that way. Alphonso’s having a tough time with the damaged doors.
37) 10) dialog: Hey Kara, it’s Sean. I made my decision. Sean hops in his car, takes off.
67) 0) text: In the hallway outside a conference room, Sean peers thro a cracked door into the room. It’s PACKED with reporters ambling about, eating donuts, etc. He closes the door, leans against the wall, takes a deep breath. Kara and Drew approach, ready to go. Sean straightens up when he sees them.
67) 2) dialog: No, I got it.
67) 4) dialog: No man. It’s a surprise.
67) 6) dialog: I'm fine. I took the podium as the losing quarterback in the Super Bowl. I can handle this. She looks at him, nods. He begins to pace around, getting prepared. 2/18/9 92.
68) 0) text: Sean stands at the podium, flanked by Kara and Drew. As S collects his notes, Kara scans the crowd. She finds KELVIN - NEAR THE BACK. They meet eyes. He give a small smile. She returns it. Sean looks at his notes, then puts them down. Doesn’t nee them.
68) 1) dialog: I'd like to thank everyone for coming here tonight. And I’m not gonna waste y’alls time with some long winded thing here - I’m just gonna get to it. The cliche is - when someone’s retiring who really doesn’t want to retire - they say it’s because they want to spend more time with their family. But I don’t have a family. And with everything football has given me - the biggest thing it’s taken away is that. Because of who I am, because of my job, I can’t lead the life I want to. So, with that in mind, I’ll just say the thing I came here to say. Sean looks out over the crowd, gets a huge smile on his f
68) 2) dialog: I’m gay. Stunned reaction from the crowd. Drew looks to Kara, who clearly had no idea he was going to say this.
68) 3) dialog: And there’s someone out there, hopefully watching this, who tried to deal with me having to lie for years and finally got fed up. This is for you. I hope you can forgive me. (then) Any questions? And be cool now - I’m not above kicking any of y’alls asses. 2/18/9 93. The reporters all look at each other, no one quite sure w an appropriate question would be. Finally, a hand goes up the back. It’s Kelvin.
68) 5) dialog: Oh, shit. Right. That. (he laughs) No. I’m not retiring. Boisterous reaction from the crowd. Bulbs flashing like crazy.
68) 6) dialog: I’m gay and I’m gonna play. How about that? Sean smiles at the podium as the floodgates open - a cacophony of questions. KELVIN AND KARA MEET EYES across crowd, both clearly moved Sean’s declaration.
69) 0) text: Sean exits into the hallway, Kara in tow, insanity still going on in the conference room behind them.
69) 2) dialog: Kara - stop. There’s nothing to do. It’s already done. Kara looks at him, taking this in. She gets a huge smile her face.
69) 4) dialog: She envelops him in a big hug. He hugs her back.
70) 2) dialog: I’m gay. WITH THE CROWD IN THE AIRPORT - as they react enthusiastically. Kate and Holden stare at the screen.
88) 0) text: Sean sits on the deck, watching the moon reflect off the ocean. He seems relaxed, at peace. He hears the sliding door from his house open, turns to s HOLDEN - standing there with his bags. Sean can’t believe his eyes. He rushes to him and hugs him - holds him tight They both tear up.
88) 1) dialog: You saw? Holden nods, still hugging Sean.
88) 3) dialog: I don’t care. Holden looks at Sean, taking him in.
88) 5) dialog: How do you feel about Buffalo? Holden smiles, follows Sean back in the house.