2) 0) text: The set of the KTLA news is a flurry activity as the morn show is about to go on the air. 2/18/9 3. KELVIN, late 30s, African-American, walks briskly through set, holding a piece of paper. He spots SUSAN, 50s, across the stage, and makes a bee-li for her. As he approaches, he holds up the paper. He’s clearly annoyed.
2) 2) dialog: That’s your assignment, Kelvin.
2) 4) dialog: Since there’s nothing else going on. Susan turns and walks through the stage, Kelvin follows.
2) 6) dialog: The Super Bowl was last week. There are only two NBA games tonight. No one gives a crap about hockey. Like I said, there’s nothing going on.
2) 8) dialog: What were you working on Kelvin? Was another one of the Cincinnati Bengals arrested? You got a tip on another referee fixing basketball games? Oooh - maybe you’ve got an exclusive one on one with Michael Vick’s dog trainer?
2) 10) dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day. All I want is your basic man on the street remote about what this day means to people. I want happy. I want romance. I want love.
2) 12) dialog: Come on -
2) 14) dialog: Well, be that as it may - you’re a professional. I know you don’t like soccer but you give those Galaxy scores with a smile on your face. You'll do fine. She turns and leaves him standing there. EXT. FLOWER MART - DOWNTOWN L.A. - 6:00 A.M. Open for business and already crowded with wholesale BUYE readying for the busiest day of the year. Rows and rows of commercial floral delivery vans. Alphonso parks the van. Reed hops out. Behind him, two mo delivery vans bearing the RITA FLORA name park beside him Two LATINO DRIVERS stand outside, waiting for him. 2/18/9 5.
61) 0) text: Kelvin sits in the makeup chair, tissue covering his suit The HAIR AND MAKEUP TEAM put on the finishing touches. Susan appears at the door, takes in the scene.
61) 1) dialog: Happy to be back doing what you love? Kelvin looks at her in the mirror, smiles.
61) 3) dialog: Really? Well, I’m glad you enjoyed yourself. Because it was pretty bad on my end.
61) 5) dialog: Are you kidding? I ask you for love and romance and what do you give me? A guy removing tatoos? Sex in movie theatres? A giant rat? Kelvin looks at her in the mirror, trying to figure out w to say.
61) 7) dialog: Bullshit. You found what you wanted to find. Susan backs up, annoyed. SUSAN (CONT’D) You were right. I thought you were capable of more - but I guess not. You should definitely just stick to sports. 2/18/9 84. With that, she leaves. Kelvin shares a look with the Hair Guy, guilty. INT. JULIA’S CAR - EARLY EVENING Close on Julia, still in her black dress, as she drives. face is quiet, still. Almost as if she’s trying to hold o this moment -- before anything is truly known and she’s forced to change. INT. HOSPITAL - NURSES’ STATION - EARLY EVENING Labor & Delivery. Julia walks up to the nurses’ station. FILIPINO NURSE smiles at her.