34) 0) text: Thornhill is just approaching the lounge. We enter with him, see the vast, high-ceilinged room with its high windows along the north wall looking out on the East River and the Queensboro Bridge in the distance. The lounge is crowded with delegates of ail nations; there are many races, many adifferent modes of dress. They sit on leather chetss and sofas sipping tea, or stand in small conversational groups with cocktails in hand. Others congregate at the bar at the east end of the room. Everywhere 1s the buzz of Many different tongues. And over it, the CONTINUING SOUND of the PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM as three pretty attendants seated behind microphones near the telephone switchboard send out their calls: "Miss Knox of Ceylon... United States Secretary please... Mr. delegation of Pakistan, please call the Public Lounge... Mr. Craig of the Secretariat, kindly call your office... Mr. Bernatti of the Swiss Observers Office... Mr. Bernatti of the Swiss Observers Office...” Thornhill goes up to one of the attendants (a 26-year-old American girl), hands her the slip of paper. .
34) 2) dialog: Mr. Townsend of UNIPO... Mr. Townsend of UNIPO.... Please call at the communications desk of the Public Lounge. Thornhill stands gazing about the crowded room waite ing for Townsend to appear. Deep in b.g. we SEE Valerian enter. .He stops as he sees Thornhill. There 1s a constant stream of activity at the commumications desk. Several different people Se14-58 P56 emerge from the throng to walk over to the desk. 76 Thornhill pays no attention to them, for none of CONT'D them is the man he is seeking. Finally one {2) caller - a distinguished looking gentleman of ~ about sixty - leans over and speaks to the attendant, who then glances at Thornhill.
34) 3) dialog: Mr. Kaplan... THORNHILL ‘( turning) Yes?
34) 4) dialog: You wished to see Mr. Townsend.
34) 22) text: START CLOSE ON front page of a Washington evening paper featuring the incriminating photo of Thornhill in his "killer's" pose; above it, screamer head- lines: "DIPLOMAT SLAIN AT U.N.3 Assassin ELUDES POLICE." A MAN'S VOICE is HEARD over the SHOT reading aloud what is obviously part of the news story.- During this we PULL RACK to reveal a group of four men and one woman seated around a confer- ence table. As the CAMERA leaves the INSERT of the newspaper and STARTS ITS RISE, we also catch a glimpse of official documents on which we SEE the words: "TOP SECRET." MAN'S VOICE (reading) “--The photograph has been tentatively identified as that of Roger Thornhill, a Manhattan advertising executive, indicating that the name George Kaplan, which he gave to an attendant in the General Assembly Building, wes false. 4 possible mtive for the slaying was suggested by the discovery that earlier today, Thornhill appeared in a Glen Cove, Long Island police court on a charge of drumk driving with a stolen car, and in his defense charged that the murder victin, . M>. Townsend, had attempted to kill hin the night before... The man puts the newspaper down on the table, looks up at the other people. Their ages vary fron thirty-five to fifty; there is nothing about an Intelligence agent's appearance that cistinguishes him from, say, a college professor or a stock broker or a reporter or a housewife. These people . happen to be all of that, too. The gentleman who has been reading the newspaper, for example, is, among other things, a limer of comic cartoons for the national magazines.
51) 40) text: AUCTIONEER (ignoring him) w- Number one hundred sixteen in the catalogue... -(as attendants bring out a chaise longue) "A Louis XIV carved and painted lit de os." Kindly observe the moulded’ » the carved, freee standing columns at each corner and the fluted, tapering legs. Will somebody start the bidding at seven- hundred-and-fifty dollars please?