51) 1) dialog: Thank you, sir, Four 124 CLOSE SHOT - Vandamn's fingers hundred fifty dollars gently noving over the soft is bid for the pair, flesh of Eve's neck, CAMERA can I hear five hundred, will you say five hundred, can I say the five hundred, fair warning and last call -- sold to ur, Stone second row, dangling. On the stage the chairs DRAWS BACK to include Eve seated, Vandann Standing behind her and Leonard beyond then Seated ona low table, his legs at th the room is a raised platfora on which an AUCTIONEER and his ASSISTANT, with the aid of portable microphones, are e far end of are removed as lot 103, an going about the business of Aubusson settee is brought unloading verious objets d'art Onto the stage. Elderly men dn black dust- jackets pass the items from the wings onto the stage, one piece at a time, where each object is then auctioned off at the leisurely pace which distinguishes the sale of 19th Century French paintings from the sale of 20th Century American tobacco. Most of the hundred-odd spectators at the auct folding ch ‘don are seated on airs in the center of the room, Moving along the
51) 15) dialog: Now, Ladies and Gentlemen - Number 105, an excellent example of Pre-Columbian art. It dates from about 1000 A.D, A Tarascan Warrior from the State of Kolemia, in Mexico. May I hear a starting bid worthy of this fine art piece? ‘ho will say one thousand dollars to start? The gentleman here Suggests five hundred, North By Northwest Ches. 10-27-58 ‘THORNHILL (bitterly at Eve) I was just going to say that to her, Eve stares straight ahead. Vandamm gazes off at the auctioneer. .
51) 21) text: (continued) All right, that's a start. Now say one thousand. I have five hundred dollars, may I say-the thousand. Seven-hundred and fifty-is offered. Thank you, now say the thousand. One thousand is bid, make it twelve hundred and fifty. Eleven hundred you say? All right I have eleven hundred bid, make it twelve hundred - twelve hundred dollars there. Now thirteen is here, fourteen hundred is - AUCTIONEER (o.8.) Fifteen hundred I'n bid, who'll say seventeen fifty - do I hear seventeen fifty? AUCTIONEER (o.s.) Seventeen fifty is bid. Say two thousand -- two thousand anyone - do I hear two thousand -= seventeen fifty is bid. Seventeen fifty, are you all through at seventeen fifty -- Sold then to Hr. Vandamm at seventeen titty. The Tarascan piece is removed and lot 106, the Louis XV Curio Cabinet is brought in. North By Northwest : Ches. 10-27-58 P15
51) 23) text: THORNHILL (to Vandamm) . I didn't realize you were an art collector. thought you just..collected corpses. : The bidding has started. VANDAMH (to Leonard, quietly) Fifteen hundred. .- Leonard makes a silent signal to the auctioneer. THORNHILL (leoking down at Eve) I'll bet you paid plenty: for this little piece of en-sculpture<-- VANDAMH (to Leonard) Seventeen fifty. Eve is visibly suffering. THORNEILL (continuing) She's worth every dollar, take it from me. She really puts her heart into her work. In fact her whole body. {a quick glance at Leonard) And where’ does he keep Zou - in a curio cabinet? Thornhill reacts to the Auction- eer's mention of Vandamn's name. THORNHILL (hearing the name) Vandamm, huh?
51) 27) dialog: Number 108 - we offer you now tweive Royal Vienna Plates, mag- nificently hand- decorated with por- traits of Court North By Northwest 10-27-58 Chges, Eve gets to her feet, turns and slaps him in the face. He grabs her wrists and they stare at each other for a moment. - THORNHILL (with contempt) Who are you kidding? You’ Rave no feelings to hurt. He firmly presses her back down into her seat. During this, a man in the audience nearby is half turned, as though he has been observing the entire altercation. zy 4s the Professor of the C.l. VANDAMM (angrily) Mr. Kaplan -- THORNHILL (turning on him) Look, Vandamm, I don't know why you want me dead, but this I -- VANDAM! (interrupting) -+ We've had just about enough of you..
51) 32) dialog: (continued) beauties. How much a piece and take the lot. Thirty a piece is bid all over the house. Thirty-five, say forty, forty go forty-five, forty- five I have go fifty - fifty go five fifty go five, firty is here say fifty- five, fifty dollars a piece say fiftyr five, anymore, Sir? Sold then for fifty dollars a piece. The plates are taken out as a painting is brought
51) 33) dialog: Catalogue number 109. A superb example of thia early 19th Cen-’ <ury master, it will enhance any collection of fine art. What is your. pleasure? How much to start? One thousand is bid, twelve-fifty I have, fifteen hundred, fifteen hundred is . bid, say seventeen fifty, I have seven- teen-fifty, two thousand is bid -- North By Northwest Chgs. 10-27-58 P,1174 He walks away from them and- 124 goes toward the entrance in CONT'D the rear. But he doesn't (6A) get very far before he stops. Standing inside the doorway waiting for him is Valerian the U.N. assassin, Thornhill turns, looks about, and SEES, down the aisle, the steps to the auctioneer's stage where men are bringing on a piece of furniture for auction, He starts down the aisle with the intention of making his way out through the back, Then he slows down as he SEES Leonard stepping out of the "wings" of the stage. Leonard looks at him steadily, and then withdraws signif- ieantly. Thornhill looks about him with desperation, then quickly slips into a nearby seat among the spectators, At this moment, Vandamm and Eve depart. Thornhill turns his attention to the platform, wiere the auctioneer has a painting on the block, (NOTE: Pick up dialogue in script.)
51) 34) dialog: I have two thousand. Do I hear twenty-five? .,. Twenty-five hundred please Bt Twenty-two-fifty. Thank you. I hear twenty-five? wes. Twenty-two-fifty once. Twenty-twor) fifty twice. Last call... THORNHILL (shouts) Fifteen hundred! North By Northwest Chgs. 10-27-58 AUCTIONEER (startled) The bid is already up to twenty- two-fifty, sir,
51) 40) text: AUCTIONEER (ignoring him) w- Number one hundred sixteen in the catalogue... -(as attendants bring out a chaise longue) "A Louis XIV carved and painted lit de os." Kindly observe the moulded’ » the carved, freee standing columns at each corner and the fluted, tapering legs. Will somebody start the bidding at seven- hundred-and-fifty dollars please?
51) 44) dialog: I wonder if I could respectfully ask the gentleman to get into ime spirit of the proceedings ere.
51) 46) dialog: ‘Eight hundred dollars. Thank you. Nine hundred...One. thousand I have. do twelve.
51) 48) dialog: Eleven is bid. Go twelve. Who'll ‘say twelve? Eleven once. Who'll say twelve? Eleven twice. Twelve. Thank you. Twelve is bid. I have twelve. Go thirteen. Who'll say thirteen?
51) 51) dialog: You mean thirteen hundred, sir? I there doll which mean een dollars ic is more than it's worth! The auctioneer will continue his work, but his assistant will now reach for the phone on his desk and make a hurried call, which will not go une noticed by Thornhill.
51) 52) dialog: Twelve hundred I have. Go thirteen. _Who'll say thirteen? Twelve-fifty? Twelve hundred once. ‘Twelve hundred twice. Last call. Twelve hundred. .
51) 55) dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but we can't --
51) 60) dialog: 1 have twelve hundred once... CONT'D twelve hundred twice... (9) THORNHILL . Three thousand!
51) 61) dialog: Last call. Sold for twelve hundred. THORNHILL (leaping to his feet) You're not going to get away with shis! By this time the unifcrmed attendant has reached Thornhill's rew of seats, pushed into the row and grabbed him by the arm.