1) 0) text: Four elevators in action. A starter keeping things humming. Doors close on an elevator. Tt starts up. Another elevator arrives at street oe . rw 2-10 11 North By Northwest Chgs. 9-22-56 level. THE LAST CREDIT FADES. The elevator doors open. Crowds pour out, and we HEAR a VOICE at the rear of the car even before the man is revealed to us by the off-going passengers. He is ROGER THORNHILL, tall, lean, faultlessly dressed (and far too eriginal to be wearing the gray-flannel uniform of his kind). He has been dictating to his secretary, MAGGIE, an aging, unbdeautiful woman who has accompanied him down in the ele- vator with pad and pencil tn hand. She will have to scurry to keep up with his impatient stride when they leave the elevator and cross the lobby to the entrance. THORNHILL (dictating) «--Even if you accept the belief that a high Trendex automatically means a rising sales curve, which incidentally Ido not accept... “(tO elevator starter) iNight, Eddie
9) 0) text: Beyond the oval foyer, a curving marble staircase leads to a balcony, off which are many rooms. Above the balcony, a stained glass window. Every- where, a kind of seedy grandeur. VALERIAN (to housekeeper) Where is he?
10) 0) text: Books, from floor to ceiling. And windows over- looking the rear lawn. In the distance, Long Island Sound. Valerian opens the door, gestures to Thornhill, who enters. VALERIAN (his hand on the key) You will wait here. THORNHILL (indicating the shelves of books) Don't hurry, I'll catch Up on my reading. : Valerian closes the door behing him, Immediately, Thornhill goes to the door to open it. Just as his hand reaches the imob, he HEARS the DOOR being LOCKED from the outside. He tries it anyway, then turns, glances around, waiks to the desk, sees Several magazines there: FIELD AND STREAM.
11) 0) text: Seeing the back lawn now deserted, Thornhill tries to open the window te escape.. It is locked. He unfastens the catch, raises the window, is about to climb out when he draws back and turns at the SOUND of the DOOR OPENING behind him. In walks a distinguished looking MAN of about forty, profes- sorial in manner but definitely sexually attractive (to women), and only slightly sinister. MAN (2ffably) Good evening... | He holds out his hand. Thornhill takes it uncertainiy.
21) 0) text: Everyone in the car gets out.. The detectives ‘Lead the way to the front ‘door and ring the bell. Tesently the door is opened by the housekeeper, who seems not at all perturbed to see the group standing before her, HOUSEKEEPER (pleasantly) Yes?
22) 6) text: He examines the seat cushion, frowns, turns the 56 cushion over, frowns even more deeply. He looks CONT'D up. Everyone is staring at him. He turns, looks (2) about, spies the liquor cabinet.
23) 0) text: As the group goes down the steps and into the car, the woman stands at the door watching. She even waves once to Thornhill, who is in no mood to wave back. On the lawn near the entrance, a gardener in overalls is on his kmees working over a flower bed. His back is to the entrance, and he does not turn to see the group leave the house. But now, as the car drives off, he gets to his feet, looks after the car, then turns into CAMERA. Beneath the overalls and the dirty face, we see Valerian. DISSOLVE To:
34) 0) text: Thornhill is just approaching the lounge. We enter with him, see the vast, high-ceilinged room with its high windows along the north wall looking out on the East River and the Queensboro Bridge in the distance. The lounge is crowded with delegates of ail nations; there are many races, many adifferent modes of dress. They sit on leather chetss and sofas sipping tea, or stand in small conversational groups with cocktails in hand. Others congregate at the bar at the east end of the room. Everywhere 1s the buzz of Many different tongues. And over it, the CONTINUING SOUND of the PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM as three pretty attendants seated behind microphones near the telephone switchboard send out their calls: "Miss Knox of Ceylon... United States Secretary please... Mr. delegation of Pakistan, please call the Public Lounge... Mr. Craig of the Secretariat, kindly call your office... Mr. Bernatti of the Swiss Observers Office... Mr. Bernatti of the Swiss Observers Office...” Thornhill goes up to one of the attendants (a 26-year-old American girl), hands her the slip of paper. .
34) 22) text: START CLOSE ON front page of a Washington evening paper featuring the incriminating photo of Thornhill in his "killer's" pose; above it, screamer head- lines: "DIPLOMAT SLAIN AT U.N.3 Assassin ELUDES POLICE." A MAN'S VOICE is HEARD over the SHOT reading aloud what is obviously part of the news story.- During this we PULL RACK to reveal a group of four men and one woman seated around a confer- ence table. As the CAMERA leaves the INSERT of the newspaper and STARTS ITS RISE, we also catch a glimpse of official documents on which we SEE the words: "TOP SECRET." MAN'S VOICE (reading) “--The photograph has been tentatively identified as that of Roger Thornhill, a Manhattan advertising executive, indicating that the name George Kaplan, which he gave to an attendant in the General Assembly Building, wes false. 4 possible mtive for the slaying was suggested by the discovery that earlier today, Thornhill appeared in a Glen Cove, Long Island police court on a charge of drumk driving with a stolen car, and in his defense charged that the murder victin, . M>. Townsend, had attempted to kill hin the night before... The man puts the newspaper down on the table, looks up at the other people. Their ages vary fron thirty-five to fifty; there is nothing about an Intelligence agent's appearance that cistinguishes him from, say, a college professor or a stock broker or a reporter or a housewife. These people . happen to be all of that, too. The gentleman who has been reading the newspaper, for example, is, among other things, a limer of comic cartoons for the national magazines.
34) 26) text: Not me. ’ STOCK BROKER Never heard of hin, Professor? The Professor shakes his head negatively.
36) 0) text: . THORNHILL (exasperated) But, Mother, I called the Plaza. Kaplan checked out and went to the . Ambassador East in Chicago. That's why I'm -- (he listens impatiently) | I can't go to the police. No yet. You Saw the newspapers. My fingerprints are on the knife; I'ma drunk driver, a car thief and I murdered a man for revenge. I wouldn't have a chance, and I won't have until I find deorge Kaplan, who obviously knows what this is all about. (listens again) No, the train. It's safer. (another interruption) Because there's no room to hide on a@ plane if someone should recognize me. You want me to jump off a moving plane? (nods, then with angry sarcasm) you so much, Mother. There is a LOUD CLATTER as Mrs, Thornhill hangs up on him. Thornhill stares at the receiver a moment, then hangs up and pushes out of the booth. INT. TERMINAL él As he emerges from the booth, he comes face to face with a large man who could be a detective. For a brief, tense mment they stare at each other, and tnen the man steps past him into the booth. Thornhill looks about cautiously, then starts walking across the lobby towards the Sicket windows, CAMERA MOVING with him. Near the Information Booth, a man stands reading the center pages of the N.Y. POST. Thornhill -sees the front Page headlines: "MANHUNT ON FOR U.N. KILLER.” This reminds him to take out dark glasses and put them OR, which he does as he continues across the lobby and steps up to a PULLMAN TICKET WINDOW. A TICKET AGENT moves up to him, peers at the dark glasses,
38) 12) text: fter a moment, the washrcom usor OVENS, Thornhill peers cut, then emerges ard moves off in the opposite Giressisn through the club car. AS he passes a tabie, he sses an evening paper lying there with his own picture on the front page, fuse ap. He steps, Casually turns the paper over, and contimies on towards the @ining car.
38) 61) dialog: Tim an industrial designer.
38) 64) dialog: Don't worry. I won't say a word. er THORNHILL . Eow come?
38) 65) dialog: I told you - it's a nice face.
38) 67) dialog: And I don't particularly like the book I've started...
38) 69) dialog: You know what I mean?
38) 71) dialog: Roger 0. Thornhill. What's the 0. for?
38) 74) dialog: How awkward for you. ‘THO! No place to sleep.
38) 75) dialog: I've got a large drawing-room all to myself.
38) 77) dialog: Drawing-room E, car thirty-nine-ch-one.
38) 79) dialog: Easy to remember,
38) 83) dialog: Wouldn't I?
38) 85) dialog: Incidentally, I wouldn't order any dessert le I were you. THORNHILL (pats his stomach) I get the message,
38) 86) dialog: That wasn't quite what I meant. The train seems to be maling an unscheduled stop, and I just saw two men getting out of a police car as we pulled into the station. They weren't smiling. . . She walks away, and Thornhill looks out of the window. TWO berscrives ate seen hurrying along the platform to board the train. Thornhill Puts some money on the table, gets to his feet and saunters out of the car in the direction Eve has taken. CAMERA PANS QUICKLY to the other end of the ear, picks up the two detectives entering the dining area and looking about. The steward walks =p to them, as the train starts moving again.
39) 0) text: Eve is seated by the window with a book in her lap, apparently alone. Thornhill is nowhere to be seen. Sometime during the eer eet the CAMERA will indicate | to us that his MUFFLED VOICE is coming from behind she CLOSED UPPER BERTH, where he is locked in, Eve continues to glance at her book as she Speaks.
39) 2) dialog: Patience is a virtue, ‘ THORNEILL'S VOICE So is breathing.
39) 3) dialog: Just lie still. 92
39) 9) dialog: Come in. The door opens. The dining-car steward is seen in the corridor. He looks in at Eve, speaks apologetically.
39) 12) dialog: Eve Kendall. Who are you? . FIRST DETECTIVE (showing identification) tate Police.
39) 13) dialog: Is anything wrong? Meanwhile, the second detective is opening the closet deer and the lavatory door and peering into every nook and cranny of the arawing-reom.
39) 15) dialog: Yes. te
39) 18) dialog: I never saw him before.
39) 20) dialog: Why yes. I think so. It's not a very clear picture.
39) 22) dialog: Police? .
39) 25) dialog: With me? I told you, I don't + even know the man,
39) 27) dialog: We might have happened to eave at the same time but not together.
39) 30) dialog: Is that his name - Thornhill? a
39) 32) dialog: No. Didn't tell me anything. All we did was chat...about different kinds of food...train travel versus plane travel...that sort of thing... rather innocuous, I must say, considering that he was a itive from justice. Who did he ?
39) 34) dialog: No = I assumed Chicago. You think perhaps he got off when you got on? FIRST DETECTIVE (rather grimiy) Look - if you happen to catch sight of him again, Miss... wh -~ Kendall.
39) 36) dialog: I'm going to bed soon, .and I intend to lock my door, so I doubt if T'll be seeing him or anybody else tonight. —
39) 38) dialog: Goodnight, She closes the door, goes quickly to her handbag as she says: North By Northwest Chgs. 10-10-58 P.79..
39) 39) dialog: Still breathing? CONT'D (3)
39) 41) dialog: Hello there. He sits up, heaves a sigh of relief, removes his Sun-glasses from his pocket and stares sourly at them. They are smashed. He drops the pieces on the bed, then looks down at Eve and smiles with friendly puzzlement. mo, EVE (during abeve) All clear. -
39) 43) dialog: Shall I climb up and tell you why? EXT. TRAIN - LONG SHOT , oe As it speeds through the darkness.
39) 47) dialog: You know, I've been thinking - CONT'D it's not safe for you to roam (2) around Chicago looking for this . George Kaplan you've been telling me about. You'll be picked up by the police the moment you show . your face... THORNHILL. (kissing her) And it's such a nice face, too. EVE (kissing him back) Don't you think it would be better it ao stayed in my hotel room while I located Mr. Kaplan end brought him to you?
39) 49) dialog: I'ma big girl. THORNHILL (nibbling away) In all the right places, too. EVE (responding with growing excitement) This is ridiculous. You know that, don't you? THORNHILL (kissing her lips) Yes. .
39) 50) dialog: ZT mean, we've hardly met.
39) 52) dialog: How do I know you aren't a murderer? THORNHILL (to her neck) You don't. Ba wie ay awe wsiWest Ches. 10-10-58 P.81., Mayb Te Li ing to a gonr'D ybe you're planning murder 7 Cl aN me, right here, tonight, (3) THORNHILL (working on - her ear) Shall I? , . EVE (whispers) Yes,..please do... This time her hands do help him, and it is a long kiss indeed.
39) 54) dialog: We're just strangers on a train.
39) 56) dialog: We should stop, . THORNHILL (continuing) ~ . Inmedtately.
39) 57) dialog: ZT ought to know more about you. THORNEILL (kissing her) The rest is unimportant,
39) 58) dialog: You're an advertising man, that's 1 all I know. You've got taste in clothes...taste in food ~~
39) 60) dialog: And you're ve: clever with words. ° You can probably make them do . anything for you...sell People things they don't need,..make women who don't know you fall in love with you...
39) 64) dialog: Ifill wait outside. She starts to open her handbag as she goes out to the corridor. 97-98 our
40) 0) text: Thornhill is leoking at his face in the mirror and feeling his chin. He looks around at Eve's toiletries, sees a tiny ladies! safety razor and a tiny shaving brush. He picks the rezor up and looks from it to himself in the mirror with blank expression. He gives a casual half tum as he HEARS the VOICES of Eve and the porter.
41) 0) text: EVE (by way of explanation) The porter... THORNHILL (noticing the open bed) {he snaps off the overhead lights) Now where were we? EVE (moving close) Here? an THORNHILL (holding her) They kiss. THORNHILL (murmurs) I see he opened the ded.
41) 1) dialog: Yes...
41) 3) dialog: Yes...
41) 6) dialog: It means...that you... (she looks up at him) uerth By Northvest Chgs, 10-10-58 P,8%
41) 10) text: Here. Take your omen back. Eve kisses him gently on the lips, and as she presses her cheek against his, her expression sobers for a moment and her eyes turn to the door thoughtfully. INT. TRAIN - ANOTHER CAR ‘ 102 SHOOTING down the corridor, we SEE the porter moving away from us. In his right hand is a folded piece of white paper. a
41) 19) text: Eve is seen getting off the train. Behind her comes a Redcap carrying her luggage. As we DOLLY WITH THEM along the long, crowded platform towards the terminal, we see that, beneath the red hat and the uniform, the bagrage-smasher, 8 y or" .
41) 22) dialog: Eve sees the detectives up ahead. She slows down, lets Thornhill draw abreast of her as they walk. . EVE (sotto voce) Keep walking. I'll catch up.
41) 26) dialog: Mr. Thornycroft?
41) 28) dialog: Oh...No....I'm awfully sorry. (she smiles) But good luck te you both. She walks away. The two detectives look after her with sour expression. .
41) 29) dialog: Eve catches up with her "Redcap", moves abreast of him as he struggles with the heavy luggage.
41) 30) dialog: How're we doing? THORNHILL (exhausted) I may collapse any minute.
41) 31) dialog: Not yet. First we have to run the gauntlet. Look.
41) 32) text: Police are lined up along the platform up ahead, eyeing everyone who passes.
41) 33) dialog: They move right along under the very eyes of the police, talking to each other with a technique that would arouse the approval of any ventriloquist: North By Northwest Chgs. 10-10-58 P.87 THORNHILL (sweating) lu I'm accustomed to having a load CONT'D on... What have you got in these bags? (2)
41) 34) dialog: Bowling balls - naturally.
41) 37) dialog: I'm sure Mr. Kaplan won't mind a ’ few wrinkles.
41) 39) dialog: Nine-thirty.
41) 41) dialog: I'll call him for you as soon as we get inside the station.
41) 43) dialog: Redcap in a phone booth? Slightly suspicious.
41) 45) dialog: You want to see him right away. Terribly urgent. Matter of life and death. No explanations.
41) 48) dialog: I sort of had the Men's Room in mind. * THORNHILL (gives her a look) © you now. (pause) You're the smartest girl I ever spent the night with on a train. She glances at him with a slight smile. He gives her a sour look. CLOSEUP = EVE : noo As she looks ‘straight ‘ahead again, her expression becomes thoughtful with a trace of aistress. She turns her head slightly. EXT. PLATFORM i1ixe In a MEDIUM SHOT, we now SEE the subject of Eve's troubled thoughts: Vandamm and Leonard, who are getting off their pullman car. They start to walk toward the CAMERA. CLOSEUP - EVE : 112x3 She glances at Thornhill with a trace of sadness in her eyes.
41) 56) text: around, and finds himself staring. into a stunned, 112 open mouthful of teeth that definitely do not CONT'D answer to the description of Thornhill's. INT. MEN'S ROOM llexl There is considerable activity here. At the row of wash basins stand three men. One is washing his hands, the other is scraping away at his chin with a straight razor, and the third man - Thornhill - is busily rubbing in a foamy lather which covers the lower half of his face. He is in his regular trousers by now, and his jacket hangs nearby. At his feet stands Eve's small zippered bag. The Redcap uniform is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly the door bursts ' open and our two detectives enter. Thornhill and the other men turn at the commotion, casually watch the detectives glancing about in search -of their quarry. As Thornhill turns back to the mirror and continues to lather his face, we HEAR the SOUND of stall DOORS OPENING and BANGING CLOSED. Their mission unaccomplished, the detectives go out. Thornhill nonchalantly finishes his lathering, then looks down and picks up his razor, which, up to now, we have not seen. It is the tiny one belonging to Eve. He starts to draw it down his cheek, leaving the narrowest of lines down the lather. Then in the mirror he catches sight of the man with the straight razer staring at him in bewilderment. North By Northwest Correction 9-16-58 P.91
42) 0) text: We SEE Eve through the Glass doors, listening to someone on the phone, writing on a memo pad and saying a few words of agreement. The CAMERA now begins to TRAVEL along the row of booths, We SEE various people at telephones. ‘The CAMERA comés to a STOP outside another booth. Thr the glass we SEE Leonard pbeaking: He seems to be issuing specific Instructions, glances at his wristwatch once. After a Pause, he hangs up.
43) 0) text: A RAKING SHOT of the line of booths, sh Eve in the f.g. booth through the glass in the act of hanging up. She folds the piece of paper as she rises and emerges from the docth, her head turned away from us. Simultaneously, the door of Leonard's booth opens and he steps out. Without looking at Eve, he crosses over to Vandamm, who is idly glancing at a ‘Magazine at the newsstand. Leonard murmurs something to him, and the two men move ofr. Now Eve turns, looks about, and reacts as she sees:
43) 3) dialog: What tock you so long?
43) 5) dialog: Yes.
43) 7) dialog: Re'll see you, but not at the hotel under any circumstances. He'll meet you on the outside.
43) 9) dialog: I've got it all written out for a (she hands him the slip of paper. He studies it as she . talks) You're to take the Greyhound Bus that leaves Chicago for Indianapolis at two and ask the driver to let you ert at the Prairie Stop on High- way 4i, . THORNHILL (reading) Prairie Stop...Highway 41...
43) 10) dialog: About an hour-and-a-half's drive from Chicago. North by Northwest Chgs. 10-10-58 p. 93
43) 12) dialog: No car. Mr. Kaplan said bus. He wants to be sure you're alone.
43) 14) dialog: Just stand beside the road and wait. He'll be there at 3:30.
43) 16) dialog: He'll know you. You made the Chicago papers, too.
43) 18) dialog: Have you got your watch set to Central time?
43) 20) dialog: Matter?
43) 24) dialog: _ They're coming. Thornhill, wmable to see over his shoulder because of the column behind him, gives hale e glance and dashes off out of the SHOT. The CAMERA EASES OVER ‘and SHOOTS past Eve's shoulder into the main dobby. There are no police, just a few desultory travellers, Eve turns into the CAMERA and looks after the departed Thornhill with an unhappy expression.
43) 26) text: North By Northwest Adds. 8-25-58 P.95 ON THE GROUND - WITH THORNHILL - (MASTER SCENE) 115-115x1 He glances about, studying his surroundings. The terrain is flat and treeless, even more desolate from this vantage point than it seemed from the air. Here and there patches of low-growing farm crops add some contour to the land. A hot sun beats down. UTTER SILENCE hangs heavily in the air. ogra glances at his wristwatch. It is 3:25. In the distance, the FAINT HUM of a MOTOR VEHICLE is HEARD. Thornhill looks off to the west. The HUM GROWS LOUDER as the car draws nearer. Thorn- hill steps closer to the edge of the highway. A Black sedan looms up, travelling at high speed, For a moment we are not sure it 1s not hurtling vight at Thornhill. And then it ZOOMS past hin, recedes into the distance, becoming a FAINT HUM, a tiny speck, and then SILENCE again. Thornhill takes out a handkerchief, mops his face. He is beginning to sweat now. It could be from nervousness,.as well as the heat. Another FAINT HUM, coming from the east, GROWING LOUDER AS he Glances off and sees ‘another distant speck be- coming a speeding car, this one a closed conver- tible. Again, anticipation en Thornhill's face. Again, the vague umeasiness of indefinable danger approaching at high speed. And again, ZOOM - a Cloud of dust - a car receding into the distance - & PAINT HUM - and SILENCE, His lips tighten. He glances at his watch again. He steps out into the middie of the highway, Looks Pirst in one direction, then the other. Nothing in sight. He loosens his tie, opens his shirt collar, looks up at the sun. Behind him, in the distance, another vehicle is HEARD approaching. He turns, looks off to the west. This one 1s a huge transcontinental moving van, ROARING TOWARD -HIM at high speed. With quick apprehension he moves off the highway to the dusty side of the road as the van thunders past and disappears. Its FADING SOUND 1s replaced with a NEW SOUND, the CHUGGING of an OLD PLIVVER. , Thermhill looks off in the direction of the approach- ing SOUND, sees a flivver nearing the highway from the intersecting dirt road. When the car reaches the. highway, it comes to a stop. A middle-aged woman is behind the wheel. Her passenger is a nondescript man of about fifty. He could certainly be a farmer. He gets out of the car. It makes a
43) 27) text: U-turn and drives off in the direction from which it 115- came. Thornhill watches the man take up a position CONT'D across the highway from him. The man glances at (2) Thornhill without visible interest, then looks off up the highway towards the east as though waiting for something to come along. Thormhil1 stares at the man, wondering if this is George Kaplan. The man looks idly across the highway at Thornhill, his face expressionless. Thornhill wipes his face with his handkerchief, never taking his eyes off the man across the highway. The FAINT SOUND of an APPROACHING PLANE has gradually come up over the scene. As the SOUND GROWS LOUDER, Thornhill locks up to his left and sees a low-flying biplane approaching from the northwest. He watches it with mounting interest as it heads straight for the spot where he and the stranger face each other across the highway. Suddenly it is upon them, only a hundred feet above the ground, and then, like a Giant bird, as Thornhill turns with the plane's passage, it flies over them and continues on. Thornhill stares after the plane, his back to the highway. When the plane has Gone several hundred yards beyond the highway, it loses altitude, levels off only a few feet above the ground and begins to fly back and forth in straight lines parallel to She highway, letting loose a trail of powdered dust from beneath its fuselage as it goes. Any farmer would recognize the operation as simple crop- dusting. Thornhill leoks across the highway, sees that the stranger is watching the plane with idle interest. Thornhill's lips set with determination. He crosses over and goes up to the man.
45) 0) text: A police squaa car is cruising slowly past the entrances tothe Ambassador East and Ambassador West, which face each other on opposite sides of the street. Inside the car, two Police lieu- tenants glance about, eyes searching the area. CAMERA WHIPS to Thornhill, standing in an attitude of concealment inside the doorway of a darkened store as he watches the police car drive on. He looks quite dishevelled, and his suit would not pass muster at, say, Twenty One. Now he steps to . the sidewalk and starts walking in the direction of the Ambassador East.
48) 0) text: Eve tums, stares st Thornhill as she closes . the door behind him. If his back were not to her, he would see the mixed emotions on her face = not just surprise, but overwhelming relief, too. But relief is not something she ean afford to reveal too strongly, because that woule indicate that there was something to Le relieved about. She is almost completely controlled by the time Thornhill turns to her, after a very brief moment in which his darting glance has taken in the room, and the open door tc the bathroom, and noticed nothing - worthy of apprehension.
48) 2) dialog: Yes. She stares at him, still shaken.
48) 5) dialog: T have some scotch.
48) 9) dialog: Uh-huh. THORNAILL (just as casually) He didn't show Up.
48) 10) dialog: Oh? THORNHILL (staring at her back) Funny, isn't it? EVE (after e slight pause) Why funny?
48) 12) dialog: . Maybe I copied them dom wrong.
48) 14) text: He couldn't resist that one. Portunately for Eve, 120 her face is not turned to him, and she can always CONT'D fumble with glasses and stirring rods, . (3)
48) 15) dialog: Why not call him again and see what happened?
48) 17) dialog: South Dakota?
48) 24) dialog: Yes.
48) 26) dialog: Mm hmmm. He goes up behind her, puts his hands about her waist. (The nice thing about this kind of cate andemouse work is that you can enjoy yourself while you're doing it, because it's part of the game.) Eve is disturbed by the nearness of him, and his hands on her.
48) 28) dialog: You can't afford to be seen anywhere. -
48) 30) dialog: No...1...I can't. THORNEILL (easily) I insist. : Eve is in a spot. She gets control of herself be- fore she tums to him. But a little desperation Goes creep through in her voice.
48) 31) dialog: I want you to do me a favor, Thornhill - a big, big favor.
48) 34) dialog: I want you to leave, right now. CONT'D Stay far away from me and don't (4) come near me again. We're no: . going to get involved, Last night was last night and that's all there was, that's all there is, there isn't going to be anything nore a between us. So please - goodbye good luck, no conversation. Jus¢ leave. THORNHILL (utterly unperturbed ) Right away?
48) 35) dialog: Yes.
48) 37) dialog: Yes. Thornhill looks at her.a moment. She wants to get rid of him. She's Zot to get rid of nim. That's for sure. He shakes his head.
48) 39) dialog: Please...
48) 41) dialog: Now. THORNHILL (firmly) after dinner. Fair is fair. Eve's lips tighten, but she is careful not to betray the urgency of her situation. The wheels go round for a moment as she looks at him. Then, she makes &@ decision, softens her expression, and smiles.
48) 42) dialog: All right. On one condition. (she goes up to him, touches his rumpled, dirty suit) You've got to let the hotel valet ge Someth with that suit first, ou belong e stockvards looking like that.
48) 43) text: THORNHILL (shrugs) 120 I'm very large with pigs this CONT'D year. - (7) EVE (pointing) There's the phone. She turns to the mirror and starts to fix her hair. Thornhill goes over to the bed, sits down and puts his hand on the phone but doesn't Pick it up. He is thinking fast. WitH a cautious Glance over his shoulder, he slides his hand to the memo pad beside the phone and tilts it slightly. He sees something there on the pad but we do not see what it 1s. Now he picks up the phone. THORNHILL (to phone) Valet service please...Valet? ‘This is...uh,..
48) 45) dialog: Four sixty-three. THORNHILL (to phene) This is room four sixty-three. How long would it take to get a suit sponged and pressed real fast?... Twenty minutes? Pine... Four sixty- three: ) he hangs up He'll be right up.
48) 46) dialog: Better take your things off. ner) THORNHILL (going up to er). What am I going to do with mw? clothes off for twenty minutes? (an afterthought, as he gazes at her reflection in the mirror) Couldn't he take an hour? EVE (turns, practically in his arms) You could always take a cold shower. She starts to help him off with his Jacket as he takes his things out of his pockets and places them on the dresser. Both of them are Playing it just
48) 50) dialog: Lucky, I guess.
48) 53) dialog: Good. Next she HEARS THE SHOWER BEING TURNED ON, then THO 'S VOICE raised in a loud, shower-stall Pendition of "The Night They Invented Champagne." Immediately, and with urgent haste, Eve prepares to leave. "She goes to the closet, Gets the Jacket of her suit, puts it on. Then from a dresser drawer she takes some Papers and stuffs then into her handbag, darting occasional glances toward Her glance falis on Thornhili's belongings, which he had removed from his pockets. A Chosen ving matchbook. Eve's hand sets the matches aside, picks up the torn newspaper photograph, holds it long enough for quick study and puts 4% down again. In a WIDER ANGLE she turns, and, with a@ final glance around, starts out of the room.
49) 0) text: Thornhill is not in the shower after all, In shirt, tie, shorts, socks and shoes, he has been Standing at the crack in the door peering out at Eve's furtive activities while Singing lustily, the shower spraying away busily behing him. Now he HEARS the OUTER DOOR CLOSE as Eve makes her
49) 1) text: . AS he opens the bathroom door wider, steps out into the room. It 4s clear from his expression that he has not really been duped, but rather has been ahead of this little game all along. He gees to the night-table, Picks up the memo pad on which Eve had made &@ notation and removed the top sheet. He picks Up @ pened] and in a SER ANGLE we SEE him trace in the indentation lert by Eve's pencil. T+ reads: "1212 N, MICHIGAN." DISSOLVE To:
51) 3) dialog: No car. Mr, Kaplan said bus, He wants to be sure you're alone,
51) 5) dialog: Just stand beside the road and wait. He'll be there at three-thirty,
51) 7) dialog: Ee'll kmow you. You made the Chicago Papers too,
51) 10) dialog: Matter?
51) 21) text: (continued) All right, that's a start. Now say one thousand. I have five hundred dollars, may I say-the thousand. Seven-hundred and fifty-is offered. Thank you, now say the thousand. One thousand is bid, make it twelve hundred and fifty. Eleven hundred you say? All right I have eleven hundred bid, make it twelve hundred - twelve hundred dollars there. Now thirteen is here, fourteen hundred is - AUCTIONEER (o.8.) Fifteen hundred I'n bid, who'll say seventeen fifty - do I hear seventeen fifty? AUCTIONEER (o.s.) Seventeen fifty is bid. Say two thousand -- two thousand anyone - do I hear two thousand -= seventeen fifty is bid. Seventeen fifty, are you all through at seventeen fifty -- Sold then to Hr. Vandamm at seventeen titty. The Tarascan piece is removed and lot 106, the Louis XV Curio Cabinet is brought in. North By Northwest : Ches. 10-27-58 P15
51) 23) text: THORNHILL (to Vandamm) . I didn't realize you were an art collector. thought you just..collected corpses. : The bidding has started. VANDAMH (to Leonard, quietly) Fifteen hundred. .- Leonard makes a silent signal to the auctioneer. THORNHILL (leoking down at Eve) I'll bet you paid plenty: for this little piece of en-sculpture<-- VANDAMH (to Leonard) Seventeen fifty. Eve is visibly suffering. THORNEILL (continuing) She's worth every dollar, take it from me. She really puts her heart into her work. In fact her whole body. {a quick glance at Leonard) And where’ does he keep Zou - in a curio cabinet? Thornhill reacts to the Auction- eer's mention of Vandamn's name. THORNHILL (hearing the name) Vandamm, huh?
51) 24) text: Number 106 -- for your pleasure is this Louis XV Curio Cabinet of gold and bronze dore with Vernis Martin figured decorations and landscape painting. Who will say five hundred dollars to start the bidding, five hundred dollars for it. Five hundred dollars. for 4t. All right I'l accept your start of “ two hundred dollars, two hundred is bid, go three, two fifty I have, say three, two fifty I have say three hundred, three hundred now go four, three go four, three go four, three go four, three twenty- five is bid say fifty, three fifty I have, say ‘four, three hundred and fifty go four hundred, three hundred and fifty say three seventy-five, three hundred fifty say seventy-five. Don't lese it for twenty-five dollars; Thank you three hundred and seven- ty-five is bid. I have three hundred and seventy-five dollars go the four hundred. Three seventy-five go four. Four hundred dollars is bid. Say four hundred and twenty-five. Four hundred twenty five once, four hundred twenty-five twice, ast call at four hundred twenty-five, Sold to the lady in the fourth row for four hundred dollars. The Louis XV cabinet is re- moved and lot #107 is ‘brought in. North By Northwest hes. 10-27-58 P.116 VANDAMA (turns to © 126 Thornhill) cONT 'D Has anyone ever told you (5) that you overplay your various roles rather severely, Mr. Kaplan? First you're the outraged Madison Avenue man who claims he has been mistaken for someone else. Then you play a fugitive from justice, supposedly trying to clear his name of a crime he knows he didn't commit. And now, you play the peevish lover, stung by jealousy and betrayal. (a chilly smile) Seems to me you fellows could stand a little less training from the F.8.I. and a little more from the Actors' Studito.
51) 26) text: And new ladies and gentleman we offer catalogue number 107 - this rare Marcolini Meissen compote, acquired by Dr, Mendoza from the estate of the Comtesse de Chivre. How much to start the bidding on this collector's porcelain? Five hundred, madam? That's an extremely low start and should prompt spirited bid- ding. Six? Six - hundred I have, now the seven, sever hundred I have thank you say eight. May I direct your attention to the mag- nificent repousse flowers on this out- standing example. Eight hundred dollars there nine hunéred in . the front. One thousand is bid on the far side. Eleven hundred dollars is here now, say the twelve, twelve hundéred doliars there. Twelve hundred is bid say thirteen hundred nay I_hear thirteen hundred please, fair selling at twelve hundred, do I hear thirteen hundred. Last call, sold twelve hundred dollars. Thank you. The Marcolini Meissen Com- pote is removed and lot 108, the Vienna Plates, is displayed.
51) 40) text: AUCTIONEER (ignoring him) w- Number one hundred sixteen in the catalogue... -(as attendants bring out a chaise longue) "A Louis XIV carved and painted lit de os." Kindly observe the moulded’ » the carved, freee standing columns at each corner and the fluted, tapering legs. Will somebody start the bidding at seven- hundred-and-fifty dollars please?
52) 6) text: SECOND OFFICER (to phone) 126 This is one oh five five. Sergeant CONT'D Flamm. We got a man here answering - (3 to the description of Thornhill, Roger. Code seventy six. Wanted by NYPD. Positive I.D, (listens) Absolutely. No question. (listens) Michigan Avenue. Proceeding west to forty-second precinct. (listens) What? - (Listens) Come again? (listens) Ya sure? (listens) * (1astens} Right. (listens) Yeah. I got it. (Listens) One oh five five off end Clear, He hangs up, makes a swift U-turn and speeds off in the opposite direction, FIRST OFFICER (startled) Where we goin'? SECOND OFFICER (dejected) The airport.
55) 0) text: Thornhill walks across the lobby to the cafeteria, & vast room with many tables and enormous windows through which can be seen the faces of the presidents in the distance. It is after the lunch hour, and only half of the tables are occupied. Thornhill goes over to the steametable and asks for a cup of coffee. While waiting for it, he turns and looks toward the PARKING AREA ENTRANCE to the cafeteria. No one is coming througn there yet. He receives the cup of coffee and starts toward an unoccupied table. Just as he arrives at the table, he sees Vandamm, Leonard and Eve enter the cafeteria. He remains standing until they see him. Then he sits down, .as Vandamm and Eve wall towards him. Leonard sits down at a table near the entrance, as though he were a sentry standing guard in case of trouble.
55) 33) dialog: Let go of me!
55) 35) dialog: No!...Please!l...
55) 40) dialog: Stay away from me... Thornhill. lunges at her. She fires at him once. he clutches his chest, stops dead in his tracks. She fires again. He spins, crashes into a table and falls to the floor. Crowds scream. Pandemonium - ensues. Eve dashes cut past Vandamm, who starts to follow, but Leonard restrains him. :
55) 42) text: (1) The Professor is seen running across the cafeteria towards Thornhill's fallen body. (2) Eve is seen running down the path towards the parking area. (3) Leonard is seen unobtrusively escorting Vandamm to the back of the crowd. (4) The Professor is seen pushing his way through the crowds surrounding Thornhill's body, saying: "Get back! Please! Don't touch anything!" (5) Eve is seen getting into Vandam's car, gunning the motor, speeding away. . (6) Leonard 1s seen moving up to the edge of the crowd surrounding Thornhill's body, maneuvering himself into position until he can see: _ the front o North By Northwest Adds 9-24 58 (7) The Professor kneeling over Thornhill's body, feeling the heart. He withdraws his hands, wipes blood from his fingers with a handkerchief and — looks up gravely as a shocked mrmur arises from the onlookers and one woman begins to cry.
56) 0) text: CAMERA IS ON a lovely wooded glen securely hidden from the main road that cuts through the Black Hills. Perhaps the Mt. Rushmore monument can be seen in the distance through the trees.. CAMERA . PANS OVER, revealing the parked amublance. ‘The Professor is in the act of opening the back doors. He peers in.
56) 8) text: Thornhill and Eve regard each other uncertainly 156 as she starts mving toward him. CAMERA now CONT'D EASES IN, ultimately to a TWO SHOT. (2) They continue to gaze at each other uncertainly, In a way, they are meeting for the first time, for it 4s the first time that they are together with Thornhill knowing who Eve is and vith Eve * e Play~acting scene at the cafeteria did not count, for they were prevented from acknowledging the | stue situation). After all that Eve has done to Thornhill and he has said to ber neither can be certain of the other's true fee ings. It isa time for uneasiness, caution and tentative probing eo eventually giving way to what has always been apparent: the fact that they do like each other . more than somewhat. EVE i Hello...
56) 10) dialog: Are you all right?
56) 12) dialog: I asked the Professor to let me see you again...
56) 14) dialog: There isn't...much time... THORNHILL (non-committal) Isn't there?
56) 15) dialog: I...wanted to tell you...I mean...apologize.., om: 9-28-58 THORNHILL (without feeling) No need. I understand... (slightly bitter) All in the line of duty...
56) 16) dialog: > . I did treat you miserably... THORNEILL (a self-accusation) I hated you for it... EVE (faltering) And I didn't want you to...go on...thinking... TH (softening slightly) I used some pretty harsh words. I'm...SOrry...
56) 17) dialog: They hurt.. deeply... . THORNHILL (defensively) Naturally, if I'd known... EVE (defensively) I couldn't tell you...
56) 19) dialog: Could I?
56) 21) dialog: You didn't get hurt. I'm so Trelleved. THORNHILL (eagerly) Of course I was hurt. How would you have felt if -- 7?
56) 22) dialog: I mean when you fell in the cafeteria, when I - bang bang - shot you.
56) 25) text: North By Northwest . Chgs, By 40-13-58 P.1b2 THORNHILL (smiles) 156 Oh, that...No. Cont 'D EVE (moving closer) You did it rather well, I thought. THORNEILL (pleased with himself) * Yes - I was quite...graceful... ‘ EVE (putting her hands on him) Considering that it's not really your kind of work.... THORNHILL (touching her tenderly) I got into it by accident. What's _ Mou excuse? EVE . I met Phillip Vandamm at a party one night and saw only his charm. I guess I had nothing to that weekend, so - I decided to fall in love... ’ THORNHILL (sorry he brought the whole thing up) That's nice.
56) 26) dialog: Eventually, the Professor and his Washington colleagues approached me with a few sordid details about Phillip and told me that my... relationshio with him made me "uniquely valuable" to them. THORNHILL (bridling) Se you turned Girl Scout,
56) 27) dialog: Maybe it was the first time anyone ever asked me to do anything worthwhile.
56) 29) dialog: Mn bom.
56) 31) dialog: Men like you. ‘orth By sorth ost Chgs. 19-13-58 = P43 THORNHILL (kissing her) 156 What's wrong with men like me? CONT'D
56) 33) dialog: They don't believe in marriage.
56) 35) dialog: See what I mean? He looks at her with affection.
56) 37) dialog: IT have to get back to the house and convince them I took the long way sround so nobody would follow me ere. THORNHILL (holding her even closer) | : Can't we just stand like this for a few more hours? we
56) 41) dialog: Then don't undermine my resolve, just when I need it mst.
56) 44) dialog: Much safer now, thanks to you, my darling decoy.
56) 46) dialog: All right. I won't.
56) 49) dialog: You mustn't...
56) 51) dialog: He has told you, hasn't he? THORNHILL (puzzled) Told me what? Eve shakes her head, unable to speak, Pode © 156
56) 53) text: North By Northwest Chgs. LO]9L4=58 PLLbbA PROFESSOR (coming up to them) 156 Miss Kendall - you've got to get CONT'D moving... : (7) EVE (with a final embrace) Goodbye, Thornhill... THORNHILL (holding onto her) Wait a minute... . (to the Professor) What didn't you tell me? Eve and the Professor glance at each other. There are tears in Eve's eyes now.
56) 54) dialog: Why didn't you? For a brief moment, the Professor's face reveals an all-too-human regret for what he has done. Then he looks at Thornhill and speaks crisply.
56) 64) dialog: Don't spoil everything now...please...
57) 0) text: START CLOSE ON A BEDSIDE RADIO. During broadcast PULL BACK TO REVEAL Thornhill in trousers and undershirt. His jacket, tie and red-stained shirt hang nearby. He is pacing back and forth, nervously smoking a cigarette. ’ RADIO ANNOUNCER'S VOICE ocin full view of scores of horrified men, women and children who had come to the park to see the famed Mt. Rushmore mohument. Witnesses to the shooting described Kaplan's assailant as an attractive blonde in her late twenties. Kaplan, who was removed to the Rapid City Hospital in critical condition, has Deen tentatively identified as an employee of the federal government... The tragedy developed with startling suddenness. Chris Swenson, a busboy in the Mt. Rushmore cafeteria, stated that he heard voices raised in what seemed to be-- Thornhill angrily switches off the radio and snutfs out his cigarette in an ashtray with a@ violent thrust. He goes to the single window which is open, stares down at the street many stories below. He turns, walks toward the door, feeling his jaw and wincing with pain. He pulls at the doorknob, knowing it is locked but unable to resist giving it another try. Impatiently he hits at the unyielding door as though it were his enemy. He is locked in, and quite obviously he'd like to de out. He begins to pace the room again. Now he HEARS POOTSTEPS APPROACHING in the hallway outside, then a KEY IN THE LOCK. Quickly, and with noticeable cunning, he lies down on the bed. The door opens and the Professor walks in carrying a brand new white shirt. y North By Northwest Chgs. 10-13-58 PROFESSOR (handing him the shirt) Eere we are. Sixteen and three quarter collar, thirty-five sleeves, no ketchup stains.
59) 9) text: Cautiously he approaches the house and makes his way around to the back. The terrain there is rocky and slopes sharply down to a level field. The house juts out over this slope, cantilever style. As Thornhill stands in the dark looking about, he suddenly sees:
60) 0) text: A large room, strikingly furnished, and dominated’ by @ great chandelier which hangs suspended from the two- story-high beamed ceiling. A stairway et the far end leads to a balcony which runs the length of the room. Off this balcony are bedrooms. In f.g. near the window 4s a table on which can be seen sone effects of Vandamm =-- a black briefcase, books | strapped together, boxes of his favorite Cigarettes, and the pre-Columbian figure, the Tarascan Warrior, purchased at the auction. Vandamm and Eve are near the bar. Close to them is an opened newspaper. Eve appears strained. (Her parting with Thornhill has threatened her self-control considerably.) Vandam, " assuming that she is upset over the shooting, has been trying to comfort her in a soothing, gentle voice.
60) 4) dialog: I didn't know what I was doing...
60) 8) dialog: Forgive you? CONT'D
61) 8) dialog: Standing at the balcony railing dooking down, - at hin.
61) 9) dialog: I thought I heard a shot...
61) 11) dialog: In a moment. She goes back into her room. Leonard moves at Vandamm, speaking in a harsh voice.
61) 18) text: Thornhill backs away from the open window, looks ‘up at Eve's bedroom. The light is still on. Inside the living-room, Valerian has entered in begs and is receiving instructions from Vandemm. Leonard has taken up a position near the open window. Even if he thought it would do any good, Thornhill would not dare hurl ancther coin at Eve's window now. His lips tighten. He makes a Gecision, starts to climb up the side of the - house to her room.
61) 19) text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he makes his way pre- cariously up the side of the house. Eve's window is beyond him and always in view. We SEE her moving about and ting on her things during his climb. There is little on which Thornhill can gain purchase as he climbs, little to hang on to. He cuts his hand. Severai times he almost crashes to disaster. The last few feet are the hardest. He claws his way to the window sill of Eve's bedroom, grabs it with his left hand, pulls | himself up, gets his right hand working, and with a final gasp, gets his body up high enough to be able to see through the closed window into the room. Just as his head clears the Ww
62) 15) text: SHOOTING DOWN over Thornhill in f.g. as he edges forward on the balcony, we see mre of the living-room below. Eve is seated on the arm of a sofa, Her handbag is on the coffee table. - Vandamm is turning away from the bar, walking toward her with a glass of champagne-on-the-rocks in each hand. He gives her one, and they click glasses.
62) 17) dialog: Thank you, Phillip. ' As they drink, Leonard enters, walks toward the windo We . _ LEON. He's circling. Vandamm turns away from Eve, starts toward Leonard and the | window. Thornhill tosses the
62) 21) text: North By Northwest Adds 9=29~58 Automatically he stoops down and picks up the match folder lying on the floor, playing with it idly as he addresses Eve. (THORNHILL WATCHES IN AGONY.)
62) 23) dialog: I shall, Leonard... Leonard tosses the match folder to the coffee table before her and turns away, so that she cannot see his harsh expression. Eve sets her glass down on the coffee table as the SOUND of the PLANE GROWS LOUDER. ath ees the ma’
62) 24) dialog: For a moment she is puzzled. Then her glance goes to the floor where she had seen Leonard pick up the matches. Healization begins to dawn on her. VANDAMM'S VOICE (o.s.) Cone along, Eve.
62) 25) dialog: All right... She gets to her feet, takes a cigarette from the coffee table, puts it between her lips and takes up the matches. We are VERY CLOSE as she opens e the folder and reads poormnil ts message striking a match and Tignting the cigarette.
62) 27) dialog: Oh, I think I left my earrings upstairs... Before they can say anything, she runs right past eee up the stairs, clutching the match folder Je
62) 28) dialog: Be right down.
62) 35) text: 210x1 Eve going up the stairs and along the balcony te her reon.
63) 4) dialog: What're you talking about?
63) 21) dialog: The group are continuing their walk toward the Plane. Now CAMERA MOVES in to a CLOSE SHOT of EVE, as she walks. We see her anxious expression. The CAMERA EASES AWAY to a THREE SHOT, and Eve's expression changes to a simulated, nonchalant one.
63) 22) dialog: She looks over her shoulder, back toward the house.
63) 32) dialog: She looks back toward the house with desperation.
63) 45) text: Still looking 9-29-58 off. Suddenly Eve, finding herself momentarily free of Vandam's erip and Leonard's observation, grabs the Tarascan Warrior from - Vandamn's the house. arm and dashes out of the scene toward Over this, we HEAR the distant. CAR STARTING UP. Leonard looks quickly-at Vandamm for instructions, : , ~ : VANDAMM (sharply) Get that figure back! Leonard dashes away, with Valerian Jcining him,
63) 46) text: Eve is running a few paces ahead of the two men, the sedan Speeding toward her, The car starts to pull up and its side door flies Open as Eve reaches it. . :
63) 47) text: The car stops: Eve leaps in. She slams THORNHILL (yells) Lock it? the door just as the two men arrive. They tug at the handle. Thornhill guns the car aways
63) 48) text: The two men are flung back as the car drives off, It makes a wide circle and speeds toward the house over rough ground. INT. CaR EVE (breathlessly) What happened? Are you all right?
63) 92) dialog: What?
63) 100) dialog: Is that a Proposition?
63) 102) dialog: What happened to the first two marriages? THORNHILL (struggling) My wives divorced me, ting
63) 103) dialog: Why? " THORNEILL (st4i1 struggling) I think they...said I...led...t00 dull a life... He regains a safe foothold,
63) 108) dialog: People, on-the-rocks. ~ Thornhill gives her a look. She gives a little 6 s . then they quickly start down the ledge N on Washington's lert shoulder. (Right here, wv Ms From: Ernest Lehman North By Northwest 10-15-58
63) 113) text: ZZORNEILL: You're wearing too much. Take something off, EVE: Like what? THORNEILL: Your shoes! Get rid of the jacket! (pointing to her handbag) And that Valise! EVE; Mind if r keep my girdle on? se me EVE: Oh darn = there goes my stocking, THORNHILL: C'mon. This is no time to darn stockings, . nae EVE (after Thornht11 stumbles Precariously): Your Slip is showing, : . THORNHILL (sourly): Laugh? I thought 174 die. . se EVE: We showld have taken the escalator down. see THORNHILL (laboring for breath): My nis-spent youth is Catching up with me, EVE (looking back): That isn't all that's catching up with you, : THORNHILL (staring at the Presidents' faces): That reminds me = I forgot to register, 10-13-58 Eve's handbag, shoes and suit-jacket become hopelessly encumbering. Thornhill makes her get rid of whatever she can. The shoes go flying - away. So too the Jacket, with womanly regrets. But Eve makes Thornhill stuff some of ‘the contents of her handbag into his Pockets before she hurls the handbag to the depths below. During this striptease, there showld be Some ad~libbed comments.) Preoccupied with their physical efforts, they are ROt aware of Vale: approachi in beg. He gets closer and closer sat now, with upraiset knife, is ,gbout to stab Thornhill when Eve, turning suddeniy, sees Valerian and shouts: Look out! : Thornhill swings around, hits Valerian's wrist and Geflects the downward arc of the knife in mid-air, Then he quickly gives Eve the figure, and shouren THORNSILL . Keep going...! Eve moves on, with Leonard coming down after her, as Thornhill faces Valerian again,
63) 119) text: 253 2m ‘ 10-13-58 nd Sudden release causes Valerian to plun, Geath with a testetes, ¢ «Tho; C £o kis dea a gezte scre ets to his feet, To eonard about © catch up with Eve. He starts toward then. cm CLOSE ANGLE - EVE « LEONARD Leonard grabs Eve, wrests the figure from her grasp and gives her a Vicious shove that sends her down to what appears to be certain death. . But as she Slips down, she Manages to catch hold of a ridge in the Precipitous Slope and dangles there, unable to mve.
63) 120) text: As Thornhill arrives on the Scene, Leonard is starting away with the figure. Thornhill clambers - down to rescue Eve,
63) 122) dialog: in her effort to reach Thornhillts hand, her feet apply pressure to the ridge she has been Standing on. Just as their hands meet, the ridge breaks off and her legs dangle in mid-air,
63) 123) text: Thornhill, hanging on to the ledge above him with one hand, is holding Eve from death below with his other hand,
63) 133) text: in horrible agony. “THORNHILL (gasps) Don't...I...can'tess, Eve cries out.
63) 135) text: THORNHILL'S VOICE (o.s.) . Have tOveslet.. 20.0. Suddenly there 1s the CRACK of a GUN which veverberates through the monument. The shoe relaxes its pressure for &@ moment and the figure drops from Leonard's &rasp to the ledge beside the rolls of hand and smashes, revealing several LONG SHOT - TOP oF THE MONUMENT 271 A brief flash of a group of silhouetted figures looking down,