43) 26) text: North By Northwest Adds. 8-25-58 P.95 ON THE GROUND - WITH THORNHILL - (MASTER SCENE) 115-115x1 He glances about, studying his surroundings. The terrain is flat and treeless, even more desolate from this vantage point than it seemed from the air. Here and there patches of low-growing farm crops add some contour to the land. A hot sun beats down. UTTER SILENCE hangs heavily in the air. ogra glances at his wristwatch. It is 3:25. In the distance, the FAINT HUM of a MOTOR VEHICLE is HEARD. Thornhill looks off to the west. The HUM GROWS LOUDER as the car draws nearer. Thorn- hill steps closer to the edge of the highway. A Black sedan looms up, travelling at high speed, For a moment we are not sure it 1s not hurtling vight at Thornhill. And then it ZOOMS past hin, recedes into the distance, becoming a FAINT HUM, a tiny speck, and then SILENCE again. Thornhill takes out a handkerchief, mops his face. He is beginning to sweat now. It could be from nervousness,.as well as the heat. Another FAINT HUM, coming from the east, GROWING LOUDER AS he Glances off and sees ‘another distant speck be- coming a speeding car, this one a closed conver- tible. Again, anticipation en Thornhill's face. Again, the vague umeasiness of indefinable danger approaching at high speed. And again, ZOOM - a Cloud of dust - a car receding into the distance - & PAINT HUM - and SILENCE, His lips tighten. He glances at his watch again. He steps out into the middie of the highway, Looks Pirst in one direction, then the other. Nothing in sight. He loosens his tie, opens his shirt collar, looks up at the sun. Behind him, in the distance, another vehicle is HEARD approaching. He turns, looks off to the west. This one 1s a huge transcontinental moving van, ROARING TOWARD -HIM at high speed. With quick apprehension he moves off the highway to the dusty side of the road as the van thunders past and disappears. Its FADING SOUND 1s replaced with a NEW SOUND, the CHUGGING of an OLD PLIVVER. , Thermhill looks off in the direction of the approach- ing SOUND, sees a flivver nearing the highway from the intersecting dirt road. When the car reaches the. highway, it comes to a stop. A middle-aged woman is behind the wheel. Her passenger is a nondescript man of about fifty. He could certainly be a farmer. He gets out of the car. It makes a
43) 27) text: U-turn and drives off in the direction from which it 115- came. Thornhill watches the man take up a position CONT'D across the highway from him. The man glances at (2) Thornhill without visible interest, then looks off up the highway towards the east as though waiting for something to come along. Thormhil1 stares at the man, wondering if this is George Kaplan. The man looks idly across the highway at Thornhill, his face expressionless. Thornhill wipes his face with his handkerchief, never taking his eyes off the man across the highway. The FAINT SOUND of an APPROACHING PLANE has gradually come up over the scene. As the SOUND GROWS LOUDER, Thornhill locks up to his left and sees a low-flying biplane approaching from the northwest. He watches it with mounting interest as it heads straight for the spot where he and the stranger face each other across the highway. Suddenly it is upon them, only a hundred feet above the ground, and then, like a Giant bird, as Thornhill turns with the plane's passage, it flies over them and continues on. Thornhill stares after the plane, his back to the highway. When the plane has Gone several hundred yards beyond the highway, it loses altitude, levels off only a few feet above the ground and begins to fly back and forth in straight lines parallel to She highway, letting loose a trail of powdered dust from beneath its fuselage as it goes. Any farmer would recognize the operation as simple crop- dusting. Thornhill leoks across the highway, sees that the stranger is watching the plane with idle interest. Thornhill's lips set with determination. He crosses over and goes up to the man.
43) 39) dialog: What happened? What happened? 8-25-58 The Diesel truck drivers are too dazed to answer. Plames and smoke drive them all back. Thornhill, unnoticed, heads toward the unoccupied pick-up truck. Another car comes up from the west, stops, and lts driver runs toward the other men. They stare, transfixed, at the holocaust. Suddenly, from behind them, they HEAR the PICK-UP TRUCK'S MOTOR STARTING, The farmer who owns the truck turns, and is startled to see his truck being driven away by an utter stranger. .
43) 40) dialog: Heyi He runs after the truck. But the stranger - who is Thornhill = steps harder on the accelerator and speeds off in the direction of Chicago.