11) 18) dialog: We also kmow your contact in Pittsburgh since Jason committed suicide. THORNHILL (angrily) What contact? I've never even been in Pittsburgh. The other man is at the desk, looking down at a Piece of paper as he speaks quickly:
11) 25) dialog: Scotch? Rye? Bourbon? Vodka? te) 'D
11) 27) dialog: That has been arranged.... Thornhill glances ut the deadpan faces of Valerian and Licht with growing apprehension.
11) 28) dialog: But first, a libation. Leonard reaches into the cabinet, takes out a large bottle of whiskey. He holds it up.
11) 29) dialog: Bourbon. He moves toward Thornhill with the bottle.
11) 32) dialog: Not a quart, Mr. Kaplan. It's only a fifth. Thornhill makes a sudden move, tries to go past him to the door, but Valerian and Licht grab him, pin his arms behind him. As they do so, CAMERA DOLLIES in to a FULL HEAD AND SHOULDERS SHOT of Thornhill, who stares off screen. We HEAR the POP of the CORK being drawn from the bottle. Then Leonard's hand comes up INTO THE SHOT holding an empty tumbler. LEONARD'S VOICE (0.s.) Cheers. Now the bottle comes into shot and begins to f111 the tumbler with bourten before Thornhill's staring face. .
42) 0) text: We SEE Eve through the Glass doors, listening to someone on the phone, writing on a memo pad and saying a few words of agreement. The CAMERA now begins to TRAVEL along the row of booths, We SEE various people at telephones. ‘The CAMERA comés to a STOP outside another booth. Thr the glass we SEE Leonard pbeaking: He seems to be issuing specific Instructions, glances at his wristwatch once. After a Pause, he hangs up.
43) 0) text: A RAKING SHOT of the line of booths, sh Eve in the f.g. booth through the glass in the act of hanging up. She folds the piece of paper as she rises and emerges from the docth, her head turned away from us. Simultaneously, the door of Leonard's booth opens and he steps out. Without looking at Eve, he crosses over to Vandamm, who is idly glancing at a ‘Magazine at the newsstand. Leonard murmurs something to him, and the two men move ofr. Now Eve turns, looks about, and reacts as she sees:
51) 23) text: THORNHILL (to Vandamm) . I didn't realize you were an art collector. thought you just..collected corpses. : The bidding has started. VANDAMH (to Leonard, quietly) Fifteen hundred. .- Leonard makes a silent signal to the auctioneer. THORNHILL (leoking down at Eve) I'll bet you paid plenty: for this little piece of en-sculpture<-- VANDAMH (to Leonard) Seventeen fifty. Eve is visibly suffering. THORNEILL (continuing) She's worth every dollar, take it from me. She really puts her heart into her work. In fact her whole body. {a quick glance at Leonard) And where’ does he keep Zou - in a curio cabinet? Thornhill reacts to the Auction- eer's mention of Vandamn's name. THORNHILL (hearing the name) Vandamm, huh?
55) 0) text: Thornhill walks across the lobby to the cafeteria, & vast room with many tables and enormous windows through which can be seen the faces of the presidents in the distance. It is after the lunch hour, and only half of the tables are occupied. Thornhill goes over to the steametable and asks for a cup of coffee. While waiting for it, he turns and looks toward the PARKING AREA ENTRANCE to the cafeteria. No one is coming througn there yet. He receives the cup of coffee and starts toward an unoccupied table. Just as he arrives at the table, he sees Vandamm, Leonard and Eve enter the cafeteria. He remains standing until they see him. Then he sits down, .as Vandamm and Eve wall towards him. Leonard sits down at a table near the entrance, as though he were a sentry standing guard in case of trouble.
55) 41) dialog: No good, sir. You can't get invelved in this.
55) 42) text: (1) The Professor is seen running across the cafeteria towards Thornhill's fallen body. (2) Eve is seen running down the path towards the parking area. (3) Leonard is seen unobtrusively escorting Vandamm to the back of the crowd. (4) The Professor is seen pushing his way through the crowds surrounding Thornhill's body, saying: "Get back! Please! Don't touch anything!" (5) Eve is seen getting into Vandam's car, gunning the motor, speeding away. . (6) Leonard 1s seen moving up to the edge of the crowd surrounding Thornhill's body, maneuvering himself into position until he can see: _ the front o North By Northwest Adds 9-24 58 (7) The Professor kneeling over Thornhill's body, feeling the heart. He withdraws his hands, wipes blood from his fingers with a handkerchief and — looks up gravely as a shocked mrmur arises from the onlookers and one woman begins to cry.
60) 14) dialog: Over Whitestone on the hour. Six thousand. Descending.
60) 16) dialog: At the mest.
60) 18) dialog: Outside.
60) 20) dialog: Checked.
61) 2) dialog: You must have had so: doubts about her yourself, and ‘5 go <= VANDAMM (@isturbed, and trying to conceal it) Rubbish...
61) 3) dialog: seWhy else would you have decided not to tell her that our little treasure here... Cpatt the figure of the Tarascan . Warrior . esehas @ bellyfull of microfiim? VANDAMM (angrily) Seem to be trying to fill mine with rotten apples. North By Northwest . Chgs, 9-29-58 = PL155
61) 4) dialog: Sometimes the truth does taste CONT'D like a mouthful of worms, sir. (2) VANDAMM (snorts) . What truth? I've heard nothing but dnnuendoes, LEONARD . Call it my woman's intuition if you will, but I've never trusted neatness. Neatness is always the result of deliberate planning. VANDAMN (defensively) She shot him in a moment of fear and anger. You were there. You saw it. LEONARD (nods) : And thereby wrapped everything up into one very neat and tidy bundle: (during the precedin speech, he Picks up the gun, holds it behind his back and advances further into the room, the CAMERA FOLLOWING
61) 15) dialog: You're not taking her on that : CONT'D plane with you? » (2) VANDAMM oo Of course I an. Leonard stares at him. Vandamm looks back at hin the way an adult looks at a small boy. ~
61) 18) text: Thornhill backs away from the open window, looks ‘up at Eve's bedroom. The light is still on. Inside the living-room, Valerian has entered in begs and is receiving instructions from Vandemm. Leonard has taken up a position near the open window. Even if he thought it would do any good, Thornhill would not dare hurl ancther coin at Eve's window now. His lips tighten. He makes a Gecision, starts to climb up the side of the - house to her room.
62) 20) dialog: There isn't time. VANDAMM (ruefully) You always w a spoil-sport weren't you? - LEONARD (starting past him towards Eve) One of my most valuable attributes, as it now turns out.
62) 22) dialog: It would please me if you wuld , PBUnK of me as being eiong on this journey, if only in spirit.... |
63) 38) dialog: I'll do that. VANDAMM (gesturing toward Valerian) . eseAnd you might tell your knife- throwing chum that I've reassured his wife. LEONARD . Right. During this, Eve has been glancing about as though looking for a final means of escape. Her glance goes to Vandamm's hand still gripping her arn. “She tries umsuccessfully to ease away from his grip.- Leonard, seeing her actions, eases himself over to block any attempted escape she might be planning. VANDAMM . I guess that's all, Leonard. He starts to lead Eve toward the steps of the plane. : LEONARD (looking at Eve) Happy landing. -
63) 45) text: Still looking 9-29-58 off. Suddenly Eve, finding herself momentarily free of Vandam's erip and Leonard's observation, grabs the Tarascan Warrior from - Vandamn's the house. arm and dashes out of the scene toward Over this, we HEAR the distant. CAR STARTING UP. Leonard looks quickly-at Vandamm for instructions, : , ~ : VANDAMM (sharply) Get that figure back! Leonard dashes away, with Valerian Jcining him,
63) 58) dialog: Running after then. Together, he and 218x216
63) 66) dialog: Running after them.
63) 113) text: ZZORNEILL: You're wearing too much. Take something off, EVE: Like what? THORNEILL: Your shoes! Get rid of the jacket! (pointing to her handbag) And that Valise! EVE; Mind if r keep my girdle on? se me EVE: Oh darn = there goes my stocking, THORNHILL: C'mon. This is no time to darn stockings, . nae EVE (after Thornht11 stumbles Precariously): Your Slip is showing, : . THORNHILL (sourly): Laugh? I thought 174 die. . se EVE: We showld have taken the escalator down. see THORNHILL (laboring for breath): My nis-spent youth is Catching up with me, EVE (looking back): That isn't all that's catching up with you, : THORNHILL (staring at the Presidents' faces): That reminds me = I forgot to register, 10-13-58 Eve's handbag, shoes and suit-jacket become hopelessly encumbering. Thornhill makes her get rid of whatever she can. The shoes go flying - away. So too the Jacket, with womanly regrets. But Eve makes Thornhill stuff some of ‘the contents of her handbag into his Pockets before she hurls the handbag to the depths below. During this striptease, there showld be Some ad~libbed comments.) Preoccupied with their physical efforts, they are ROt aware of Vale: approachi in beg. He gets closer and closer sat now, with upraiset knife, is ,gbout to stab Thornhill when Eve, turning suddeniy, sees Valerian and shouts: Look out! : Thornhill swings around, hits Valerian's wrist and Geflects the downward arc of the knife in mid-air, Then he quickly gives Eve the figure, and shouren THORNSILL . Keep going...! Eve moves on, with Leonard coming down after her, as Thornhill faces Valerian again,
63) 115) text: Looking back for a Moment just as the two men Start their slide, She turns away and scrambles on as she sees Leonard almst upon her. .
63) 119) text: 253 2m ‘ 10-13-58 nd Sudden release causes Valerian to plun, Geath with a testetes, ¢ «Tho; C £o kis dea a gezte scre ets to his feet, To eonard about © catch up with Eve. He starts toward then. cm CLOSE ANGLE - EVE « LEONARD Leonard grabs Eve, wrests the figure from her grasp and gives her a Vicious shove that sends her down to what appears to be certain death. . But as she Slips down, she Manages to catch hold of a ridge in the Precipitous Slope and dangles there, unable to mve.
63) 120) text: As Thornhill arrives on the Scene, Leonard is starting away with the figure. Thornhill clambers - down to rescue Eve,
63) 128) text: POINT oF view 260x3 Leonard stil. moving away. - CLOSE SHOT = THORNETLL 260x4 Leonard! a
63) 132) dialog: Looking down without Szpression as he leans : sl: de. forwar igktly and iberately applies the Pull weight of his body onto the fingers,
63) 135) text: THORNHILL'S VOICE (o.s.) . Have tOveslet.. 20.0. Suddenly there 1s the CRACK of a GUN which veverberates through the monument. The shoe relaxes its pressure for &@ moment and the figure drops from Leonard's &rasp to the ledge beside the rolls of hand and smashes, revealing several LONG SHOT - TOP oF THE MONUMENT 271 A brief flash of a group of silhouetted figures looking down,
63) 137) dialog: Mortelly wounded, looking down with dying eyes, shen starting to fall toward CAMERA.