20) 2) dialog: Sometimes I wonder why I stand for your impertinences,
20) 4) text: Now, now, Roger... MRS. THORNHILL (scoffing) Not "Roger." You forget. It's George. ? she chuckles) George Kaplan. CAPT. JUNKET (turning) Here's the Townsend estate. Look familiar? . : THORNHILL (looking out) Yeah. That's it. TRAVELLING SHOT - THE CAR . . as it enters the estate through the open gates, Proceeds along the curving driveway and finally comes to a stop before the entrance to the main Use. :
22) 8) dialog: And bourbon. Thornhill goes over, whips open the cabinet. It is filled with books. No liquor. Just books.
22) 9) dialog: I remember when it used to come - in bottles. Just then the handsome WOMAN of the night before enters, beaming graciously and talking very fast as she goes over to Thornhill,
22) 17) dialog: Has he gotten into Stop calling me trouble. "Roger"!
24) 2) dialog: I don't see what you need me - along for. THORNHILL (savagely) You lend me a certain air of respectability. ” MRS. THORNHILL Don't be Sarcastic, Roger. They enter the hotel.
25) 2) dialog: Maybe he got locked in the bathroom. - Thornhill has been peering thoughtfully towards the desk, where people are getting their keys, mail, etc. THORNHILL se Mother - I want you to gO over to the desk, put on that Sweet innocent look you do so well, and ask for the key to seven ninety-six.
25) 3) dialog: Don't be ridiculous. I wouldn't do a thing like that. THORNHILL (taking out a wad of bilis) Ten dollars?
26) 1) dialog: Car theft... drunk driving... assaulting an officer... dying to a judge....and now, house- reaking... North Ey Northwest Shys. 8-15-58 P44
27) 3) dialog: Roger - I think we should go. As he goes to the nightetable and presses a button marked "Chambermaia":
27) 5) dialog: I'm not nervous. I'll be late for the bridge club.
27) 13) dialog: In that case, I think we'd better leave. . Just then, the DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS.
27) 14) dialog: Too late. Thornhill goes to the door, opens it. The chambermaid stands there.
27) 38) dialog: Maybe he has his suits mended by Invisible Weavers. There are several suits on the rack. Thornhill takes one out, tosses it on a chair, whips off his jacket, throws it on the bed, then takes the other jacket off the hanger and puts it on. He extends his arms. The sleeves are eight inches too short. MRS. THORNHILL (looking him over speculatively) I don't think that one does anything for you. Thornhill takes the trousers from the hanger, holds them up in front of him. They are ludi- crously short.
27) 40) dialog: I've always told you to stand up straight. sorth By Northwest Ches. 9-15-58 Just then, the TELEPHONE on the night-table RINGS. Thornhill staree at it uncertainly. The phone RINGS again, . THORNEILL . Should I7
27) 41) dialog: Certainly not. So Thornhill goes over and picks up the receiver,
27) 52) dialog: Who was it?
28) 2) dialog: You gentlemen aren't really trying to kill oy son, are you? The men look at her blankly, as the other passengers turn their heads in surprise. Valerian starts to smile, as he turns to Licht, who takes the cue and also begins to smile. Valerian turns toward the other occupants of the car and starts te chuckle. Relieved, they start to chuckle too. For a split second, Mrs. Thornhill is astonished at the effect of her re: + Then she too Joins in the laughter. By now the laughter has built to a crescendo and the ‘Whole car is laughing, even the operator. In the center of all this stands a Glowering Thornhill. The elevator comes to a stor.
28) 4) dialog: Roger - will you be home for dinner? Thornhill dashes out of the SHOT.