34) 22) text: START CLOSE ON front page of a Washington evening paper featuring the incriminating photo of Thornhill in his "killer's" pose; above it, screamer head- lines: "DIPLOMAT SLAIN AT U.N.3 Assassin ELUDES POLICE." A MAN'S VOICE is HEARD over the SHOT reading aloud what is obviously part of the news story.- During this we PULL RACK to reveal a group of four men and one woman seated around a confer- ence table. As the CAMERA leaves the INSERT of the newspaper and STARTS ITS RISE, we also catch a glimpse of official documents on which we SEE the words: "TOP SECRET." MAN'S VOICE (reading) “--The photograph has been tentatively identified as that of Roger Thornhill, a Manhattan advertising executive, indicating that the name George Kaplan, which he gave to an attendant in the General Assembly Building, wes false. 4 possible mtive for the slaying was suggested by the discovery that earlier today, Thornhill appeared in a Glen Cove, Long Island police court on a charge of drumk driving with a stolen car, and in his defense charged that the murder victin, . M>. Townsend, had attempted to kill hin the night before... The man puts the newspaper down on the table, looks up at the other people. Their ages vary fron thirty-five to fifty; there is nothing about an Intelligence agent's appearance that cistinguishes him from, say, a college professor or a stock broker or a reporter or a housewife. These people . happen to be all of that, too. The gentleman who has been reading the newspaper, for example, is, among other things, a limer of comic cartoons for the national magazines.
39) 63) dialog: Why yes, ma'am. I've been looking all over for tt. As the porter opens a lower berth and starts making up the bed, Eve takes up her handbag and says, for Thornhill's benefit.
40) 0) text: Thornhill is leoking at his face in the mirror and feeling his chin. He looks around at Eve's toiletries, sees a tiny ladies! safety razor and a tiny shaving brush. He picks the rezor up and looks from it to himself in the mirror with blank expression. He gives a casual half tum as he HEARS the VOICES of Eve and the porter.
41) 0) text: EVE (by way of explanation) The porter... THORNHILL (noticing the open bed) {he snaps off the overhead lights) Now where were we? EVE (moving close) Here? an THORNHILL (holding her) They kiss. THORNHILL (murmurs) I see he opened the ded.
41) 10) text: Here. Take your omen back. Eve kisses him gently on the lips, and as she presses her cheek against his, her expression sobers for a moment and her eyes turn to the door thoughtfully. INT. TRAIN - ANOTHER CAR ‘ 102 SHOOTING down the corridor, we SEE the porter moving away from us. In his right hand is a folded piece of white paper. a