34) 26) text: Not me. ’ STOCK BROKER Never heard of hin, Professor? The Professor shakes his head negatively.
51) 71) text: 124x2 ' Thornhill and the two policemen continue through the lobby. Behind them is a telephone booth. We ' SEE the Professor Standing beside it watching : Thor being taken out, After they have Passed him, the Professor Sldnces after them briefly, then “~ goes into the booth and closes the door, . ‘ EXT. SHAW & OPPENEEIM GALLERIES 125 : The police emerge from the building with Thornhill ' and hurry him toward a patrol car parked at the curb,
53) 46) dialog: The two men are talking at each other, the Professor calmly, Thornhill gesticulating, arguing, denying, insisting, protesting. The Professor keeps tugging gently on Thornhill's arm, trying to move him along as he explains. As they start walking again, TOWARDS CAMERA, they continue to talk to each other. WE HAVE HEARD NONE OF THIS CONVERSATION,
55) 42) text: (1) The Professor is seen running across the cafeteria towards Thornhill's fallen body. (2) Eve is seen running down the path towards the parking area. (3) Leonard is seen unobtrusively escorting Vandamm to the back of the crowd. (4) The Professor is seen pushing his way through the crowds surrounding Thornhill's body, saying: "Get back! Please! Don't touch anything!" (5) Eve is seen getting into Vandam's car, gunning the motor, speeding away. . (6) Leonard 1s seen moving up to the edge of the crowd surrounding Thornhill's body, maneuvering himself into position until he can see: _ the front o North By Northwest Adds 9-24 58 (7) The Professor kneeling over Thornhill's body, feeling the heart. He withdraws his hands, wipes blood from his fingers with a handkerchief and — looks up gravely as a shocked mrmur arises from the onlookers and one woman begins to cry.
56) 0) text: CAMERA IS ON a lovely wooded glen securely hidden from the main road that cuts through the Black Hills. Perhaps the Mt. Rushmore monument can be seen in the distance through the trees.. CAMERA . PANS OVER, revealing the parked amublance. ‘The Professor is in the act of opening the back doors. He peers in.
56) 42) text: 9-248 They HEAR the SHORT BEEP OF A HORN and look off. The Professor is mtioning to Thornhill to come.
56) 53) text: North By Northwest Chgs. LO]9L4=58 PLLbbA PROFESSOR (coming up to them) 156 Miss Kendall - you've got to get CONT'D moving... : (7) EVE (with a final embrace) Goodbye, Thornhill... THORNHILL (holding onto her) Wait a minute... . (to the Professor) What didn't you tell me? Eve and the Professor glance at each other. There are tears in Eve's eyes now.
57) 0) text: START CLOSE ON A BEDSIDE RADIO. During broadcast PULL BACK TO REVEAL Thornhill in trousers and undershirt. His jacket, tie and red-stained shirt hang nearby. He is pacing back and forth, nervously smoking a cigarette. ’ RADIO ANNOUNCER'S VOICE ocin full view of scores of horrified men, women and children who had come to the park to see the famed Mt. Rushmore mohument. Witnesses to the shooting described Kaplan's assailant as an attractive blonde in her late twenties. Kaplan, who was removed to the Rapid City Hospital in critical condition, has Deen tentatively identified as an employee of the federal government... The tragedy developed with startling suddenness. Chris Swenson, a busboy in the Mt. Rushmore cafeteria, stated that he heard voices raised in what seemed to be-- Thornhill angrily switches off the radio and snutfs out his cigarette in an ashtray with a@ violent thrust. He goes to the single window which is open, stares down at the street many stories below. He turns, walks toward the door, feeling his jaw and wincing with pain. He pulls at the doorknob, knowing it is locked but unable to resist giving it another try. Impatiently he hits at the unyielding door as though it were his enemy. He is locked in, and quite obviously he'd like to de out. He begins to pace the room again. Now he HEARS POOTSTEPS APPROACHING in the hallway outside, then a KEY IN THE LOCK. Quickly, and with noticeable cunning, he lies down on the bed. The door opens and the Professor walks in carrying a brand new white shirt. y North By Northwest Chgs. 10-13-58 PROFESSOR (handing him the shirt) Eere we are. Sixteen and three quarter collar, thirty-five sleeves, no ketchup stains.