8) 0) text: An impressive though considerably faded mansion of the early Twenties. The car swings around the circular driveway, pulls up before the entrance. Thornhill and the two men get out. One of the men (he of the scarred eye - his hame is VALERIAN) accompanies Thornhill up the steps to the front door. The other man (LICHT) Zollows them and waits until the door opens before he moves away and follows a path to the rear of She house. After a moment, a stocky, gray-haired woman wearing the uniform of a HOUSEKEEPER opens the front door. Valerian walks Thornhill right in ‘past her.
9) 0) text: Beyond the oval foyer, a curving marble staircase leads to a balcony, off which are many rooms. Above the balcony, a stained glass window. Every- where, a kind of seedy grandeur. VALERIAN (to housekeeper) Where is he?
9) 2) dialog: Tell him I'm here. ay
10) 0) text: Books, from floor to ceiling. And windows over- looking the rear lawn. In the distance, Long Island Sound. Valerian opens the door, gestures to Thornhill, who enters. VALERIAN (his hand on the key) You will wait here. THORNHILL (indicating the shelves of books) Don't hurry, I'll catch Up on my reading. : Valerian closes the door behing him, Immediately, Thornhill goes to the door to open it. Just as his hand reaches the imob, he HEARS the DOOR being LOCKED from the outside. He tries it anyway, then turns, glances around, waiks to the desk, sees Several magazines there: FIELD AND STREAM.
12) 0) text: Valerian releases the handbralre, pushes Thornhill back, takes the wheel and applies his left foot to the accelerator. As the car starts to move, Valerian glances ahead tensely.
23) 0) text: As the group goes down the steps and into the car, the woman stands at the door watching. She even waves once to Thornhill, who is in no mood to wave back. On the lawn near the entrance, a gardener in overalls is on his kmees working over a flower bed. His back is to the entrance, and he does not turn to see the group leave the house. But now, as the car drives off, he gets to his feet, looks after the car, then turns into CAMERA. Beneath the overalls and the dirty face, we see Valerian. DISSOLVE To:
28) 0) text: There are six Passengers in the car, all of them of obvious refinement and Sophistication: an elderly gentleman and his elderly wifes; two fitty- ish women; and another couple. Valerian and Licht are crowded close to Thornhill and his mother as the doors close and the elevator starts down. Thornhill taps her and indicates that these
32) 0) text: Another cab is seen Pulling up to the curb. Valerian gets out and, addressing Licht inside, — gestures as though telling him to have the cab wait across the street. As the cab pulls away Valerian starts up the steps to the main entrance of the General Assembly building. . INT. LOBBY 75x1 Thornhill is now receiving a slip of paper fren: the girl at the Information Desk, who is saying:
33) 0) text: Valerian enters and glances about. ‘Then he walks in the direction of the Information Desk.
61) 18) text: Thornhill backs away from the open window, looks ‘up at Eve's bedroom. The light is still on. Inside the living-room, Valerian has entered in begs and is receiving instructions from Vandemm. Leonard has taken up a position near the open window. Even if he thought it would do any good, Thornhill would not dare hurl ancther coin at Eve's window now. His lips tighten. He makes a Gecision, starts to climb up the side of the - house to her room.
63) 31) text: The plane comes to a stop; the group arrives, and the cabin door is immediately opened from the As Valerian starts to pass the baggage up to the man inside, CUT TOs
63) 45) text: Still looking 9-29-58 off. Suddenly Eve, finding herself momentarily free of Vandam's erip and Leonard's observation, grabs the Tarascan Warrior from - Vandamn's the house. arm and dashes out of the scene toward Over this, we HEAR the distant. CAR STARTING UP. Leonard looks quickly-at Vandamm for instructions, : , ~ : VANDAMM (sharply) Get that figure back! Leonard dashes away, with Valerian Jcining him,
63) 53) dialog: North By Northwest ~ Adds. 10-13-58 P.168 He flashes a glance at the figure in her hands. «pumpkin. Don't worry, sir. The gates are locked.
63) 104) dialog: Sliding papidly down a sloping ledge to Washington's right shoulder and Starting across, aly, aks 246 2k7 . North By Northwest adds Longe P.173 “ 5 LONG SHOT - CROSS ANGLE - THE MONUMENT kg ig chin to head off Thornhill and Eve, who are coming down toward Washington's left should scrambling down after then. EIGH ANGLE - LEONARD. 2g Below him in b.g. are Thornhill and Eve. Leonard accidentally dislodges ‘a Precariously balanced rock. It starts to tumble down the slope.
63) 113) text: ZZORNEILL: You're wearing too much. Take something off, EVE: Like what? THORNEILL: Your shoes! Get rid of the jacket! (pointing to her handbag) And that Valise! EVE; Mind if r keep my girdle on? se me EVE: Oh darn = there goes my stocking, THORNHILL: C'mon. This is no time to darn stockings, . nae EVE (after Thornht11 stumbles Precariously): Your Slip is showing, : . THORNHILL (sourly): Laugh? I thought 174 die. . se EVE: We showld have taken the escalator down. see THORNHILL (laboring for breath): My nis-spent youth is Catching up with me, EVE (looking back): That isn't all that's catching up with you, : THORNHILL (staring at the Presidents' faces): That reminds me = I forgot to register, 10-13-58 Eve's handbag, shoes and suit-jacket become hopelessly encumbering. Thornhill makes her get rid of whatever she can. The shoes go flying - away. So too the Jacket, with womanly regrets. But Eve makes Thornhill stuff some of ‘the contents of her handbag into his Pockets before she hurls the handbag to the depths below. During this striptease, there showld be Some ad~libbed comments.) Preoccupied with their physical efforts, they are ROt aware of Vale: approachi in beg. He gets closer and closer sat now, with upraiset knife, is ,gbout to stab Thornhill when Eve, turning suddeniy, sees Valerian and shouts: Look out! : Thornhill swings around, hits Valerian's wrist and Geflects the downward arc of the knife in mid-air, Then he quickly gives Eve the figure, and shouren THORNSILL . Keep going...! Eve moves on, with Leonard coming down after her, as Thornhill faces Valerian again,
63) 119) text: 253 2m ‘ 10-13-58 nd Sudden release causes Valerian to plun, Geath with a testetes, ¢ «Tho; C £o kis dea a gezte scre ets to his feet, To eonard about © catch up with Eve. He starts toward then. cm CLOSE ANGLE - EVE « LEONARD Leonard grabs Eve, wrests the figure from her grasp and gives her a Vicious shove that sends her down to what appears to be certain death. . But as she Slips down, she Manages to catch hold of a ridge in the Precipitous Slope and dangles there, unable to mve.