1) 0) text: Four elevators in action. A starter keeping things humming. Doors close on an elevator. Tt starts up. Another elevator arrives at street oe . rw 2-10 11 North By Northwest Chgs. 9-22-56 level. THE LAST CREDIT FADES. The elevator doors open. Crowds pour out, and we HEAR a VOICE at the rear of the car even before the man is revealed to us by the off-going passengers. He is ROGER THORNHILL, tall, lean, faultlessly dressed (and far too eriginal to be wearing the gray-flannel uniform of his kind). He has been dictating to his secretary, MAGGIE, an aging, unbdeautiful woman who has accompanied him down in the ele- vator with pad and pencil tn hand. She will have to scurry to keep up with his impatient stride when they leave the elevator and cross the lobby to the entrance. THORNHILL (dictating) «--Even if you accept the belief that a high Trendex automatically means a rising sales curve, which incidentally Ido not accept... “(tO elevator starter) iNight, Eddie
8) 0) text: An impressive though considerably faded mansion of the early Twenties. The car swings around the circular driveway, pulls up before the entrance. Thornhill and the two men get out. One of the men (he of the scarred eye - his hame is VALERIAN) accompanies Thornhill up the steps to the front door. The other man (LICHT) Zollows them and waits until the door opens before he moves away and follows a path to the rear of She house. After a moment, a stocky, gray-haired woman wearing the uniform of a HOUSEKEEPER opens the front door. Valerian walks Thornhill right in ‘past her.
11) 8) dialog: Excuse me ++ MAN (politely) Yes? WOMAN . The guests are here.
16) 0) text: The Judge, ANSON B. FLYNN, is staring coldly down at Thornhill, who, locking plenty the worse for a night in jail, stands between his attorney, VICTOR LARRABEE, and Sergeant Klinger. Seated behind them is Thornhill's mother, CLARA THORNHILL, a woman who has played so much bridge she is getting to look like the Queen of Hearts. During ‘the following, Thornhill turns,- smiles at her feebly. She does not smile back: LARRABEE (speaking with ill-concealed distaste) ee. And then took him up in the ; hills in the Mercedes Benz for the purpose of killing him and making it appear to be a drunk-driving accident. It was at this point that Mr. Thornhill succeeded in escaping from his would-be assassins, and when they gave chase, he, naturally, had to drive as best he could under the, uh, circumstances, and unfortunately the, uh, circumstances were a little more than he could handle, and so, well, here we are. The judge gives Thornhill a hard-eyed look, then turns to Larrabee.
22) 10) dialog: Roger! Dear! (he srgeigntens up, astounded We were so worried about youl Did you get home all right? (she embraces him) Of course you did. Let me look at you. A little pink-eyed and fuzzy around the cheeks. But then, aren't we all? It was a dull party really, and you didn't miss a thing. . But Lester was furious with hinsel? for not seeing you home ersonally. (to Clara Thornhii2) Let's see. You mst be Roger's mother. I'm so delighted to meet you. Roger's told us so much about You. (to Larrabee) And you must be a policeman. You iook like a policeman.
22) 13) text: soTth By Northwest . 8-13-58 P39. The woman laughs good-naturedly at "Roger's charming 56 joke." The detectives step forward. cout
22) 15) dialog: How do you de?
22) 19) dialog: Stolen carl.
22) 21) dialog: Roger, you said you were going to call a cab. You didn'+ borrow Laura's Mercedes? THORNEILL (hopelessly) . No, I didn't... borrow...Laurats... Mercedes.
22) 23) dialog: Well, now, Captain -- Roger was a CONT'D bit tipsy when he arrived here by (4) cab for dinner --
22) 25) dialog: s7 And I'm afraid he became even worse as the evening wore on, and finally he told us he had to Bo home to sleep it off. I knew I should have served dinner earlie: ° Otherwise I can assure you the harmless little escapade with Mrs, Babson's car would never have happened. THORNHILL (with sardonic admiration) What a performance!
22) 26) dialog: Poor dear...
22) 28) dialog: Why yes - the United Nations. CAPT. JUNKET (impressed) The ... United ... Nations ... ? \. North By Northwest Chges. 9-29-58 = PLL
22) 29) dialog: He's addressing the General Assembly CONT'D this afternoon, (5) The detective locks at Thornhill and his mouth tightens. THORNHILL (at bay) All right - so he's addressing the General Assembly. CAPT, JUNKET (to the. woman) Sorry we had to bother you,
22) 30) dialog: No bother at all, She leads the group toward the door,
23) 0) text: As the group goes down the steps and into the car, the woman stands at the door watching. She even waves once to Thornhill, who is in no mood to wave back. On the lawn near the entrance, a gardener in overalls is on his kmees working over a flower bed. His back is to the entrance, and he does not turn to see the group leave the house. But now, as the car drives off, he gets to his feet, looks after the car, then turns into CAMERA. Beneath the overalls and the dirty face, we see Valerian. DISSOLVE To:
29) 0) text: A man and woman are waiting for a taxi, which is just pulling up. As the doorman opens the door far them, Thornhill comes dashing out of the hotel, runs down the steps and jumps into the cab, past the astonished people. He slams the door shut and the cab starts to move off.
34) 22) text: START CLOSE ON front page of a Washington evening paper featuring the incriminating photo of Thornhill in his "killer's" pose; above it, screamer head- lines: "DIPLOMAT SLAIN AT U.N.3 Assassin ELUDES POLICE." A MAN'S VOICE is HEARD over the SHOT reading aloud what is obviously part of the news story.- During this we PULL RACK to reveal a group of four men and one woman seated around a confer- ence table. As the CAMERA leaves the INSERT of the newspaper and STARTS ITS RISE, we also catch a glimpse of official documents on which we SEE the words: "TOP SECRET." MAN'S VOICE (reading) “--The photograph has been tentatively identified as that of Roger Thornhill, a Manhattan advertising executive, indicating that the name George Kaplan, which he gave to an attendant in the General Assembly Building, wes false. 4 possible mtive for the slaying was suggested by the discovery that earlier today, Thornhill appeared in a Glen Cove, Long Island police court on a charge of drumk driving with a stolen car, and in his defense charged that the murder victin, . M>. Townsend, had attempted to kill hin the night before... The man puts the newspaper down on the table, looks up at the other people. Their ages vary fron thirty-five to fifty; there is nothing about an Intelligence agent's appearance that cistinguishes him from, say, a college professor or a stock broker or a reporter or a housewife. These people . happen to be all of that, too. The gentleman who has been reading the newspaper, for example, is, among other things, a limer of comic cartoons for the national magazines.
38) 2) text: A Pullman CONDUCTOR anu nie asulisiant are finish- ing up the Ovsinecs of coliesiing tickets and verifying puiiman space. ‘Iney move through the car. stuaying the passenger: who sit there reading Magazines and new Pers, Pecognicing most of them as naving hanjed over thelr ticnets earlier. There ds douct avout: oie passenger, an eiderly woman.
38) 7) dialog: Why yes. I gave lt to you an how: ago.
38) 9) dialog: bedroom F, in var eignteen-on-one. CONDUCTOR {consulting nhs chaz.) Thank you. WoMaw (4 Littse nutty) Youtre welsome. The conavicter ans Ris assistant continue on until they come to a dows inbelled: "WASHROOM." The assistant trices the handie, finds the door uniocked, opens it slightly and peers in. Satisfied that tne washroom is uncccupled, he . Closes the door, and the two men continue on.
43) 26) text: North By Northwest Adds. 8-25-58 P.95 ON THE GROUND - WITH THORNHILL - (MASTER SCENE) 115-115x1 He glances about, studying his surroundings. The terrain is flat and treeless, even more desolate from this vantage point than it seemed from the air. Here and there patches of low-growing farm crops add some contour to the land. A hot sun beats down. UTTER SILENCE hangs heavily in the air. ogra glances at his wristwatch. It is 3:25. In the distance, the FAINT HUM of a MOTOR VEHICLE is HEARD. Thornhill looks off to the west. The HUM GROWS LOUDER as the car draws nearer. Thorn- hill steps closer to the edge of the highway. A Black sedan looms up, travelling at high speed, For a moment we are not sure it 1s not hurtling vight at Thornhill. And then it ZOOMS past hin, recedes into the distance, becoming a FAINT HUM, a tiny speck, and then SILENCE again. Thornhill takes out a handkerchief, mops his face. He is beginning to sweat now. It could be from nervousness,.as well as the heat. Another FAINT HUM, coming from the east, GROWING LOUDER AS he Glances off and sees ‘another distant speck be- coming a speeding car, this one a closed conver- tible. Again, anticipation en Thornhill's face. Again, the vague umeasiness of indefinable danger approaching at high speed. And again, ZOOM - a Cloud of dust - a car receding into the distance - & PAINT HUM - and SILENCE, His lips tighten. He glances at his watch again. He steps out into the middie of the highway, Looks Pirst in one direction, then the other. Nothing in sight. He loosens his tie, opens his shirt collar, looks up at the sun. Behind him, in the distance, another vehicle is HEARD approaching. He turns, looks off to the west. This one 1s a huge transcontinental moving van, ROARING TOWARD -HIM at high speed. With quick apprehension he moves off the highway to the dusty side of the road as the van thunders past and disappears. Its FADING SOUND 1s replaced with a NEW SOUND, the CHUGGING of an OLD PLIVVER. , Thermhill looks off in the direction of the approach- ing SOUND, sees a flivver nearing the highway from the intersecting dirt road. When the car reaches the. highway, it comes to a stop. A middle-aged woman is behind the wheel. Her passenger is a nondescript man of about fifty. He could certainly be a farmer. He gets out of the car. It makes a
51) 42) dialog: Qne thing we know: sours no fake. You're a genuine idiot.
55) 42) text: (1) The Professor is seen running across the cafeteria towards Thornhill's fallen body. (2) Eve is seen running down the path towards the parking area. (3) Leonard is seen unobtrusively escorting Vandamm to the back of the crowd. (4) The Professor is seen pushing his way through the crowds surrounding Thornhill's body, saying: "Get back! Please! Don't touch anything!" (5) Eve is seen getting into Vandam's car, gunning the motor, speeding away. . (6) Leonard 1s seen moving up to the edge of the crowd surrounding Thornhill's body, maneuvering himself into position until he can see: _ the front o North By Northwest Adds 9-24 58 (7) The Professor kneeling over Thornhill's body, feeling the heart. He withdraws his hands, wipes blood from his fingers with a handkerchief and — looks up gravely as a shocked mrmur arises from the onlookers and one woman begins to cry.
63) 113) text: ZZORNEILL: You're wearing too much. Take something off, EVE: Like what? THORNEILL: Your shoes! Get rid of the jacket! (pointing to her handbag) And that Valise! EVE; Mind if r keep my girdle on? se me EVE: Oh darn = there goes my stocking, THORNHILL: C'mon. This is no time to darn stockings, . nae EVE (after Thornht11 stumbles Precariously): Your Slip is showing, : . THORNHILL (sourly): Laugh? I thought 174 die. . se EVE: We showld have taken the escalator down. see THORNHILL (laboring for breath): My nis-spent youth is Catching up with me, EVE (looking back): That isn't all that's catching up with you, : THORNHILL (staring at the Presidents' faces): That reminds me = I forgot to register, 10-13-58 Eve's handbag, shoes and suit-jacket become hopelessly encumbering. Thornhill makes her get rid of whatever she can. The shoes go flying - away. So too the Jacket, with womanly regrets. But Eve makes Thornhill stuff some of ‘the contents of her handbag into his Pockets before she hurls the handbag to the depths below. During this striptease, there showld be Some ad~libbed comments.) Preoccupied with their physical efforts, they are ROt aware of Vale: approachi in beg. He gets closer and closer sat now, with upraiset knife, is ,gbout to stab Thornhill when Eve, turning suddeniy, sees Valerian and shouts: Look out! : Thornhill swings around, hits Valerian's wrist and Geflects the downward arc of the knife in mid-air, Then he quickly gives Eve the figure, and shouren THORNSILL . Keep going...! Eve moves on, with Leonard coming down after her, as Thornhill faces Valerian again,