1) 1) dialog: Mark, get off your father! Kenny sits up to the morning bedlam of the O'Donnell hous KIDS screech, doors bang all over.  Kenny pushes Mark ove rolls out of bed, snatches up the corners of the blanket hoists Mark over his shoulder in a screaming, kicking bun
2) 0) text: Kenny, with Mark in the bundle on his shoulder, meets his wife HELEN going the other way in the hall with LITTLE HE 1, in her arms.
2) 2) dialog: Don't forget, Mrs. Higgins wants to talk to you this afternoon about Kevin.  You need to do something about this.
4) 5) dialog: Got time for pancakes?
4) 8) text: Too easy!  Bobby, Bobby Kennedy! Kenny glances up at the wall.  There are two phones, side side.  One RED, one BLACK.  It's the black one ringing.  Helen answers.  Kenny goes back to his papers.
133) 1) dialog: When are you going to be home?
133) 3) dialog: What's happened?
133) 5) dialog: What happens to you?  I'm not leaving without you.
133) 7) dialog: Great.  So while you're under a rock somewhere with the President, what am I supposed to do with your five children? And to that, there is no answer.  A beat, and it's all Ke can promise:
204) 0) text: A screen door squeaks open.  Kenny steps out into the darkness of the back yard.  And there, in her robe, sitti startled on a lawn chair, lit only by the dim glow of the kitchen window, is Helen.  Kenny stands there tired, his slung over his shoulder.
204) 2) dialog: Hi, O'Donnell.  You look old. Kenny drops his coat on a table as Helen comes up and fol herself into his arms.
204) 3) dialog: This job's going to kill you.  If I don't first. They kiss, comfortable.  But not too long, and he lets he go.  She looks at him again, sees he's suppressing a smil
204) 4) dialog: If you're home it means either Jack and Bobby have finally figured out what a con man you are and fired you, or --
204) 6) dialog: A thing like this... who could even think of winning?
255) 0) text: Helen stands in the kitchen, a ghostly white figure in he robe, the windows open and curtain flapping as she breath the air.  Kenny enters.  He stands in the doorway.
255) 1) dialog: I saw you out there.  You want him to call you back, need you.
255) 3) dialog: How long do we have? Kenny's voice breaks. 