1) 0) text: A simple CAMERA, snapping away furiously in the hands of giggling MARK O'DONNELL, 4.  He's straddling and in the f of his dad, KENNY O'DONNELL, 30's, tough, Boston-Irish, w a prodigious case of morning hair.  Kenny awakens, red-ey
2) 0) text: Kenny, with Mark in the bundle on his shoulder, meets his wife HELEN going the other way in the hall with LITTLE HE 1, in her arms.
2) 1) dialog: Hi, hon. They kiss in passing.  Daughter KATHY, 12, races by in an pursuit of her twin, KEVIN, 12.
2) 3) dialog: Kids are supposed to get detention. Kenny dumps the bundle with Mark in a big pile of dirty laundry.
4) 0) text: A kitchen out of the late 1950's.  Kenny drinks coffee, t a tie, rifles through a briefcase at the kitchen table. horde of kids, ages 2-14, breakfast on an array of period food.  Kenny grills the kids while he goes over papers.
4) 1) dialog: Secretary of Defense...
4) 3) dialog: Wrong, and you get to wax my car. KENNY JR. smirk at Kevin.
4) 6) dialog: Nope.  Attorney General? A PHONE RINGS as the kids cry out en masse.
4) 8) text: Too easy!  Bobby, Bobby Kennedy! Kenny glances up at the wall.  There are two phones, side side.  One RED, one BLACK.  It's the black one ringing.  Helen answers.  Kenny goes back to his papers.
4) 9) dialog: All right, wise guys, Assistant Secretary of State for Latin America...
9) 0) text: Kenny, in business suit and tie, trots up the steps, and MARINE GUARD snaps the door open for him.
10) 0) text: Kenny, briefcase in hand, weaves his way through the empt ornate hallways of the West Wing.  Past magnificent doorw early American furniture, paintings.  He finally reaches doorway, goes through into:
11) 0) text: A long, narrow affair, window at the back looking out int the Rose Garden.  Kenny dumps his briefcase on the desk, shucks off his coat, removes a folder from his briefcase, turns and heads back out...
14) 0) text: The doors open.  Kenny strides out onto a DIFFERENT FLOOR the third.  He heads down the long, posh hall of the fami quarters.  Fine furnishings, art.  The living White House He approaches the double doors at the end of the hall gua by a cluster of SECRET SERVICE AGENTS.  An agent opens on the doors.
14) 1) dialog: Morning, Floyd.
15) 0) text: Kenny enters the elegant bedroom.  The figure alone at a table by the window, drinks coffee, breakfast still sprea out before him, Washington Post obscuring his face.
15) 1) dialog: Top o' the morning, Mr. President. The figure lowers the paper. It is PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY.  He's wearing boxers and tank top.  Unshaven.  Bed-head. Kenny O'Donnell, former ward-pol and long-time Kennedy ma is his Chief of Staff...
15) 3) dialog: Bayh's going to lose, but it's good groundwork for us for '64. Kenny steals a piece of buttered toast off the President' plate.  The President spares him a glance.
15) 5) dialog: No you weren't.
15) 7) text: I was, you bastard. Kenny takes a defiant bite.
15) 9) dialog: Today, for your information, is Pulaski Day.  We're going to Buffalo...
16) 3) dialog: Who else you got?
16) 5) dialog: Got the touch?
16) 7) dialog: Everyone likes a good kid... And like that, a congressional candidate is made...  Kenn accelerates, leaving the Pols behind.  Suddenly, outside windows, the crowd swells forward with a collective ROAR.
17) 0) text: Kenny heads down the steps with New York Times Washington Bureau Chief, SCOTTY RESTON. Anonymous, they weave their through the crowd for a police car on a side street.
17) 2) dialog: Busy.  But you've got his heart.
17) 4) dialog: I said his heart, not his attention.
17) 6) dialog: Well.  There is a new civil rights initiative he wants to talk about.
17) 8) dialog: We're giving the Brits Polaris instead.  But a story'll just aggravate things. Scotty stares at Kenny, determined.  Kenny looks away.  A his eye catches a tall, willowy BEAUTIFUL WOMAN.  She is talking, excited, embarrassed, to two more SECRET SERVICE AGENTS.  What they're saying is lost in the noise. Scotty follows Kenny's gaze.  Then the two men share a lo a silent understanding.  Kenny glances at the Secret Serv guy holding the car door, tilts his head at the woman.
17) 9) dialog: Not today.  He's got tight schedule. The Agent nods, heads for the other Agents and the Beauti Woman.  Scotty acts like nothing has happened.
17) 11) dialog: Forget it, Scotty.
17) 13) dialog: All right, you're in.  Half hour. Reston's won.  But so has Kenny, and he's made Scotty fee tough in the bargain.  People like Kenny.
18) 0) text: In the back seat, Kenny stares out the window at the para goers.  The Secret Service Agents leave the Woman.  Disappointed, the Woman turns and vanishes into the crowd It's an eerie moment.  Something troubles Kenny, and he glances up at the sky.  A premonition.  But it's a clear, clear blue.  A day like this, all is right with the world
21) 0) text: Briefcase and coat in hand, Kenny enters his office - and finds THREE MEN.  Standing there.  Thin-haired, bespectac academic-looking MCGEORGE BUNDY, 43, the National Securit Advisor.  The two men in the background: PHOTO INTERPRETE Kenny hangs up his coat, sees the Interpreters' large bla display cases.  And suddenly the world is slightly off kilter.
21) 1) dialog: Hey, Mac.  You're up bright and early.
22) 0) text: Kenny emerges from the elevator with Bundy.  They head do the long, posh 3rd floor hall, the Presidential Detail guarding the doors at the end.  But the familiar route fe strange, and lasting an eternity.  Kenny eyes the package under Bundy's arm, its TOP SECRET stamp visible.
22) 1) dialog: Morning, Floyd.
22) 3) dialog: What's it about?
22) 5) dialog: Just Cuba?  Okay, I got work to do, see you guys downstairs.
23) 0) text: Kenny's office is a raging beehive of activity.  Kenny wo the phone as ASSISTANTS come and go with files.
23) 1) dialog: (to phone, scary calm)
23) 3) text: There is a word you need to learn.  It is the only word in politics.  Loyalty.  LOYALTY you motherfucking piece of shit! As Kenny THROWS the phone down at the receiver, and the PRIVATE DOOR to the Oval Office suddenly opens.  Kenny glances up.  President Kennedy stands there in the doorwa Kenny thinks he's reacting to the tirade.
23) 4) dialog: What're you looking at?  This isn't the blessed order of St. Mary the Meek. Kenny stops.
23) 5) dialog: Excuse us. The Assistants leave, shutting the door after them.  Kenn rises.
23) 8) dialog: Not as far as the election goes. The President lets Kenny by into...
24) 0) text: WE ENTER from a different angle than we usually enter in movies: through the side door.  The President's ornate de sits on the right, windows looking out on the Rose Garden behind it.  Kenny's gaze swivels to: THE OTHER END OF THE ROOM where the Interpreters, their crewcut chief, ARTHUR LUNDAHL, 50's, and Bundy stare at h They're surrounded by PRESENTATION BOARDS propped up arou the fireplace.  The President's rocking chair and sofas.
24) 2) dialog: We hit a Nazi buzz bomb field in '45.  (beat, incredulous)
24) 6) dialog: Jesus Christ in Heaven...
26) 0) text: Kenny carries the phone with him as he paces hard from hi desk to his window.
26) 1) dialog: The principals are assembling in an hour.  See you then. Kenny hangs up.  The President enters.  A beat.  And in t beat, there's a void.  The two men are off their emotiona stride, trying to grope their way out of shock.
26) 3) dialog: Should be here any minute.
26) 13) dialog: Who gives a shit about the midterms now?  The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us.
26) 15) dialog: Jesus.  I feel like we've caught the Jap carriers steaming for Pearl Harbor.
28) 7) dialog: Lyndon.  Adlai. The silver-haired war hero and politically savvy Chairman The Joint Chiefs of Staff, GENERAL MAXWELL TAYLOR, 50s, shakes the President's hand.
28) 10) dialog: Ted.
33) 0) text: Kenny and Bobby follow the President down a path through Rose Garden.  The shock of the morning has worn off.  The President stops, looks at them.
33) 2) dialog: If we hit 'em, kill a lot of Russians, they'll move against Berlin.  They attack Berlin, that's NATO... and we're at war. The guys stop again.  The autumn day is bright, warm, ali The air, the distant city sounds derail the relentless tr of logic for a beat.  And in their faces we see that all three men, for the first time, feel the enormity of war, shadow over everything.  It's only a couple of steps away Steps that they're seriously contemplating.
33) 5) dialog: There've got to be alternatives to just going out and bombing them.
33) 10) dialog: The other thing is...
33) 12) dialog: They're going to be pressing for a military solution soon.  We can't afford to let them ram their agenda down our throats.  We need to come with options other than air strikes so we have some sort of choice here.
33) 15) dialog: (to the President)
33) 18) dialog: EXCOM.  Has a ring to it.  Like F-Troop. The President stops.  Bobby and Kenny stop, too.
33) 21) dialog: Then we need to do a few things right away.  No Pierre.  He knows, the press knows.  You're going to have to keep up your schedule - your movements are followed too closely.  And we need to get these guys out of the White House.  George Ball's got a conference room at State. (to Bobby)
34) 0) text: Kenny moves hard and fast through the twisting warren of hallways and tiny offices which is the West Wing.  Sudden Scotty Reston pops out of a doorway behind Kenny.
34) 2) dialog: Way it's going, the Democratic Party.  DNC strategy session.  If you can call it that. Scotty chuckles.  Kenny moves off, leading him away.  Ken assistant runs up behind him, holding out a slip of paper
34) 5) dialog: Tell you what.  We're in Connecticut tomorrow for Ribicoff.  I'll get you up front with him during the flight.
34) 8) dialog: What is it? The Assistant eyes Scotty, holds his tongue.  Kenny takes slips.
34) 10) dialog: I ask for a lot of 'em.  Whose is it?
34) 12) dialog: Gotta go, Scotty.  See you tomorrow.
35) 0) text: A car jolts to a stop.  The CAMERA PANS up over the saggi suspension, the government plates, the hood ornament revealing half of EXCOM inside.  Kenny stands nearby wait for them. The doors open, and out they pile like a bunch of clowns: Bobby, McNamara, Rusk, Ball, Martin, Dioptric, Sorensen, Stevenson, and Nitze.  They're sitting in each others' la banging their heads on the roof, joking, but tense.
36) 0) text: A steel door unlocks, swings open, and Kenny marches at t head of the wedge of men into a long tunnel.  It's the infamous old passage from the Treasury to the White House Kenny and Bobby get a little ahead of the others.
40) 0) text: Other EXCOM members draw near the board, its order of bat strike maps.  They're grim, but fascinated.  Empowering.  Intoxicating.  Sexy.  Kenny sees it in the faces, even th President's.  Adlai does too, is upset.
40) 11) text: The Soviet understands only one language: action.  It respects only one word: force. Kenny stares at the old man.  Acheson's gaze finds his through the cigarette smoke.  Acheson's eyes travel to th President.
42) 0) text: Grimacing in pain.  He opens a pill bottle, takes two pil out.  He takes a whiskey in a shot glass from Kenny.
42) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ Almighty... They burst out laughing.  An absurd, tension draining mom They shoot their drinks, Kenny refills.
42) 3) dialog: Call me Irish, but I don't believe in cooler heads prevailing.
42) 5) dialog: There is no expert on this subject, no wise old man. The President stares Kenny in the face, understanding.
42) 7) dialog: Then let's bomb the shit out of them. Everyone wants to, even you, even me. (there's a point)
42) 8) text: It sure would feel good. The President sees what Kenny's saying: it'd be an emotio response, not necessarily the intelligent one.
42) 10) dialog: He's right.  And things are happening too fast.  It smells like the Bay of Pigs all over again. Bobby picks up some reconnaissance photos on the coffee table.
43) 4) dialog: He was.
43) 6) dialog: Why don't you ask him yourself?  You can have him on the way home.
44) 0) text: Kenny and the President climb the stairs to the President plane, the crowd cheering him.  He gives a final wave.
44) 2) dialog: Cheer up, you've neutralized the entire White House Press Corps for a day.
46) 0) text: Kenny enters the office from his side door in the middle debate.  Military uniforms dominate the room: General Tay General Sweeney, and a host of briefing officers.
48) 0) text: As the meeting next door disperses, the President rummage through Kenny's jacket which hangs on Kenny's chair.  Ken bemused, holds out the package of cigarettes the Presiden looking for.
48) 1) dialog: I was hoping LeMay pushed you.  I wouldn't mind going a few rounds with him. The President glances up, takes the proffered smokes.
49) 0) text: Kenny comes out of the bathroom, and is buttonholed by th crewcut, bullet-headed Press Secretary, PIERRE SALINGER, the crowded, busy hallway.
49) 2) dialog: They're planning to shave you bald next time you fall asleep on the bus. (off Pierre's get-serious look)
50) 0) text: The Press Corps throngs Kenny's tiny office, pushing and shoving for a vantage at the side door to the Oval Office waiting for the Gromyko photo-op.  Kenny stands shoulder- shoulder with Reston and Sorensen near the door.
50) 2) dialog: Come on, Scotty.  This meeting's been on the books for months.  It's just a friendly talk on U.S.-Soviet relations. Fortunately, the conversation is cut short as a dozen FLASHBULBS suddenly go off on a dozen cameras as the reporters crush in on the Oval Office, and Reston is swep forward.
51) 0) text: The CAMERA picks up the darkened windows: the meeting has gone long.  The CAMERA MOVES PAST Kenny and Sorensen stan in the doorway to Kenny's office, FINDS the President in chair across from Gromyko on the sofa.  Rusk, Ambassador ANATOLY DOBRINYN, and two INTERPRETERS around them.
52) 0) text: Kenny emerges from his office.  The Soviet delegation disappears down the hallway with Rusk.  Kenny turns as Bo haggard, comes up from the other direction. Bobby gestures to the vanishing delegation, now being HARANGUED OC by the press.
52) 6) dialog: We go into this split, the Russians will know it.  And they'll use it against us. The prospect disturbs the three men.
52) 8) dialog: You don't show for Chicago, everyone'll know there's something going on.
52) 10) dialog: No way. The President spins on him, unsure he heard correctly.
52) 11) dialog: I'm not calling and cancelling on Daly.  You call and cancel on Daly.
52) 13) dialog: Damn right I'm scared. The President pauses, looks at Bobby.  Bobby shakes his h don't look at me.
53) 4) dialog: What are you telling them?
53) 6) dialog: (deadly serious)
53) 8) text: The President may have a cold tomorrow. Kenny stares at him, and the light dawns on Pierre.  Something big is going on and he's been cut out of it.  H stalks off.
54) 0) text: A big 100-dollar-a-plate dinner is in full swing to a din band's tunes.  The President and Chicago MAYOR RICHARD DA make the rounds among the fund raising CROWD.  Kenny foll them at a respectful distance, greeting old cronies. Suddenly a MESSENGER hustles over to Kenny, hands him a n Kenny makes eye contact with the President, nods and leav
55) 0) text: Kenny waits at the elevator.  Scotty saunters up behind h He sizes Kenny up, clears his throat.  Kenny turns around
55) 2) dialog: Well, you know how Bobby has it in for the State of Mississippi.
55) 4) dialog: Cuba?  You're fucking crazy.  We are not invading Cuba.  Nobody gives a rat's ass about Cuba.  Not now, not ever.  If you print something like that, all you're going to do is inflame the situation.  Nobody talks to assholes who inflame situations.  Assholes like that can find themselves cut out of the loop. Reston is taken aback.  Stung silence for a beat.  Kenny' response is far louder than any "yes."  Now Kenny realize it.
56) 0) text: Kenny closes his eyes, sags against the wall, hating hims
57) 0) text: Kenny enters his hotel room.  An Assistant waits with the phone, hands it straight to Kenny.
57) 1) dialog: (to Assistant)
60) 0) text: The White House Oval ROOM: opulent, filled with priceless and furniture, but cramped.  EXCOM members crowd around t center coffee table and the President.  Kenny stands behi him with Bobby.  Rusk rises from his seat, formal.
63) 0) text: Kenny, Bobby, and the President lean on the railing of th Truman Balcony, stare out at the city.
63) 5) dialog: We have to try the blockades.  It probably won't work.  It may just be delaying the inevitable.  But we can't just go to war without trying not to.
64) 0) text: A crowded D.C. party spills out of Jim Rowe's house onto patio.  Kenny steps INTO FRAME.  He looks at the PARTYGOE the Washington social set.  He stands out, oppressed by t knowledge he's unable to share.  He takes a stiff drink. Suddenly out of the house totters Adlai, highball in hand Glassy-eyed, he grins at Kenny and joins him.
64) 2) dialog: As the town's most popular playboy, the President felt my presence would be sorely missed.  So in the interests of National Security... Kenny shrugs.  Adlai takes a long drink, closes his eyes.
65) 0) text: Kenny, shut in the bedroom, paces on the phone.
65) 1) dialog: We're not going to make it to Monday.  I'll try to lean on Reston, but you're going to have to call Orville Dryfoos.  This is the sort of decision the publisher makes himself.
72) 0) text: Bobby barges into Kenny's office.  Kenny, knowing his uni entry, doesn't bother to look up.
72) 1) dialog: Acheson called, DeGaulle's with us; haven't heard from anyone else yet. Kenny finally looks up.  Bobby's grim.  And an icicle for in Kenny's gut as Bobby relays.
73) 0) text: Kenny, Bobby, McNamara, Rusk, Bundy and half of EXCOM sta to the side of the room.  General Sweeney and LeMay stand front of the President's desk. The President, bowed in the window, is care-worn, a thous years old.  The shadow, the composition of the SHOT tells all.  It's down to what's in the heart of one man.  Kenny deeply moved at his friend's Gethsemane.
78) 0) text: The doors to the Cabinet room.  A beat.  Then they SWING WIDE.  The President emerges, livid fury on his face, lea chaos behind: the Congressional briefing.  Kenny comes ou beat later, catches up with him.
78) 1) dialog: You'd worry that something was wrong if Congress offered you unconditional support.
79) 0) text: Kenny stands there in the doorway, arms folded.  As we PU AWAY FROM HIM, we REVEAL the three NETWORK T.V. CAMERAS staring straight at us.  Their red lights go on as one, a we swing around REVERSING TO: The President at his desk: telegenic, powerful.
87) 0) text: Specks of shaving cream still on his face, Kenny paces, r the inky carbon as Bobby, Bundy and Sorensen read copies.
87) 1) dialog: This is all rhetoric. (realizing)
87) 2) text: They don't know how to respond yet. Kenny looks up.  The President enters from the Oval Offic
88) 0) text: Kenny, arms folded, stands behind the President, the rest EXCOM is looking at him.
88) 1) dialog: -- run the blockade.  They'll run the blockade. ADMIRAL GEORGE ANDERSON, 50s, dapper, the Chief of Naval Operations, nods from the far end of the table.
95) 0) text: The President and Kenny stand in front of the President's desk.  All the doors are shut.  Weak sunlight filters int the hushed room as if to a confessional.
95) 1) dialog: I don't like what's happening.
95) 3) dialog: All right.  'Cause you get armed boarders climbing into Soviet ships, shots being fired across bows...
95) 5) dialog: What about these low-level flights?  They're starting in what?  An hour?  Do you realize what you're letting yourself in for?
95) 7) dialog: Fair enough.  But Castro's on alert and we're flying attack planes over their sites, on the deck.  There's no way for them to know they're carrying cameras, not bombs.  They're going to be shot at, plain and simple. Kenny's right, and the President looks away in frustratio
95) 8) dialog: I'm your political advisor, and I'm giving you political analysis here.  This is a setup.  The Chiefs want to go in.  It's the only way they can redeem themselves for the Bay of Pigs.  They have to go in, and they have to do it right.  It's that simple. 
95) 10) dialog: They're boxing us in with these rules of engagement.  If you agree to 'em, and one of our planes gets knocked down or one of the ships won't stop for inspection, the Chiefs will have us by the balls and will force us to start shooting.  They want a war, and they're arranging things to get one.  If you don't want one, we have to do something about it. The President understands.  He shakes his head, paces awa
95) 12) dialog: Maybe it's harder for them to say it than they let on.  At the very least, they believe it's in our best interest.  And at the end of the day, they may end up being right. The President turns away, considers.  Then turns back.
95) 14) dialog: That's going to be tough.  You know how these guys are about their chains of command...
96) 0) text: Kenny and the President head for the Cabinet Room.  Rusk comes out before they get there.
97) 0) text: Kenny opens the door to the White House switchboard room. half-dozen OPERATORS work their lines, making connections the old-fashioned switchboard.  Unnoticed, he sizes them their skill.  They're all courteous, pretty, professional The CAMERA PANS down the line... and stops on a middle-ag matron at the end - the sternest, most scary of them all. Her name is MARGARET.
97) 2) text: Speaker McCormack, hold for the Vice President. Her voice is so severe, so smoker-gravelled, it makes the blood run cold.  This is the woman Kenny's looking for.
97) 3) dialog: Ma'am, would you mind helping me out with a few special calls?
103) 0) text: Kenny, sitting on his desk, taps his fingers, looks at th phone.  He's kept Ecker on hold long enough - and picks u
103) 1) dialog: Commander, my name is Ken O'Donnell.  Special Assistant to the President.
104) 2) dialog: The President has instructed me to pass along an order to you. (beat)
105) 1) dialog: I don't think you understand me correctly.  You are not to get shot down under any circumstances.  Whatever happens up there, you were not shot at.  Mechanical failures are fine; crashing into mountains, fine.  But you and your men are not to be shot at, fired at, launched upon.
107) 0) text: Kenny stands, drops the hard nose bullshit.
107) 1) dialog: Commander, if you are fired upon, the President will be forced to attack the sites that fire on you.  He doesn't want to have to do that.  It's very important that he doesn't, or things could go very badly out of control.
109) 0) text: Kenny nods to himself, feeling.  He's done it himself.
109) 1) dialog: If the President protects you, Commander, he may have to do it with the Bomb.
110) 1) dialog: I've known the man for fifteen years.  The problem is, he will protect you.  So I'm asking: don't make him protect you.  Don't get shot at. Ecker down, deeply affected.  Suddenly, A BELL RINGS.  A TELETYPE goes off.  Ecker knows it's for him.  His orders
120) 0) text: Kenny paces by the phone.  It rings.  He picks up, listen reacts.  Relief.  And we know the planes have made it bac
122) 0) text: In Kenny's credenza, a small black and white T.V. plays.  WALTER CRONKITE narrates on the television as a train lad with TANKS on flatbeds pulls out of a station.
122) 2) dialog: Yeah?
124) 0) text: Kenny opens his door, lets Rusk in.  The President, Bobby half of EXCOM look up.  Rusk stands there somber.
125) 0) text: Kenny, grinning, ducks back into his office, closes the d after the Assistant leaves.  He picks up the phone.
125) 1) dialog: Hello?
127) 0) text: Kenny thinks fast.  Oh shit.
127) 1) dialog: The Chiefs must want to talk to you. (beat)
127) 4) dialog: Commander.  Do not, under any circumstances, tell the Chiefs.
130) 0) text: Kenny joins the President and General Taylor in the hallw as they head for the Oval Office.
131) 0) text: FLASHBULBS go off all around the room as the President wa in, goes over to his desk.  Reporters observe silently, T cameras track him; Kenny, Bobby and Sorensen watch as the President sits, takes a pen form his pocket.
132) 0) text: The Oval Office has emptied out.  Only Kenny, Bobby, Sore and the President remain.  The President looks out the window, Sorensen sits in a chair in front of the desk.  B and Kenny sit on the edge of the desk.
132) 3) text: Why couldn't they stop it? Can we?  The President's fingers turn the globe.  It stop North America.  Kenny and Bobby listen.
133) 0) text: Kenny rubs his eyes, listens to his phone and the WOMAN'S VOICE at the other end.  It's his wife.
133) 2) dialog: I don't know, Helen.  I want you to keep the kids close tomorrow.  Leave the T.V. on, sleep with it on in the bedroom until I tell you you can turn it off.
133) 4) dialog: Nothing.  Nothing you don't know about.  Tomorrow's the big day.  Just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense Warning comes on.
133) 6) dialog: I'll be evacuated with the President. A long silence on the other end of the line.
133) 8) dialog: I'll find you.  But we're not going to let it come to that.  I promise.
134) 0) text: Kenny hands Bobby and Bundy cups of coffee.  The three me nurse them in the silence of the abandoned cafeteria.
134) 1) dialog: Helen just asked me what sort of arrangements we have for the families.
134) 3) text: They're being issued identity cards.  Call comes, and evacuation officers meet them at pre-arranged departure areas.  They go by helicopter to Mount Weather.  We meet them there. Bobby looks at his coffee, then up at Kenny.  He gently shakes his head.  It's all a sham.
136) 0) text: Kenny makes his way through the dim, deserted halls.  Somewhere in the distance a phone rings.  He reaches a do
137) 0) text: Kenny, bundled in an overcoat, steps outside the North Entrance.  The cool air invigorates him.  He eyes the fen Pennsylvania Avenue beyond it, seeming to isolate this wo from the living city beyond.  He starts for the main gate
138) 0) text: A WHITE HOUSE POLICE OFFICER jumps up as Kenny approaches
138) 2) dialog: How long will it take to get someone up?
138) 4) dialog: No.  No, I'll let her sleep.  Let 'em sleep. Kenny says it with a certain finality.  The Police Office nods, and Kenny wanders out through the gates, shoulderin the weight of the world.
139) 0) text: Kenny makes his way down a sidewalk not far from the Whit House.  A 24-hour drug store's doors are open.  He pauses Inside, a knot of PEOPLE - late-night deliverymen, a cop, store employees - talk in undertones at the counter.  Beh it, a T.V. is signing off with the national anthem.  Sobe voices, sober looks.  Kenny moves on.
140) 0) text: A cluster of COLLEGE STUDENTS talk at a news stand.  They waiting for the NEWSIE to cut the bands of the next day's Washington Post, the bundles just being thrown to the sidewalk from the delivery truck.  Kenny approaches. In their thing beards, counter-culture clothes, the kids so young, Kenny so old.  Kenny buys a newspaper, its dire headlines, every story about the crisis.
141) 0) text: Kenny, newspaper under his arm, continues down the street Up ahead, the lights are on in a Catholic Church.  Lines CHURCHGOERS are at the door.  Kenny stops, surprised at t sight this late.  And then he sees the hand-painted banne CONFESSIONS 24 HOURS.  PRAY FOR PEACE. Kenny is moved.  He glances over his shoulder, and then.. joins the line himself.
142) 0) text: Kenny's WATCH reads one minute til ten o'clock.  PULL BAC
144) 0) text: Kenny and Bobby move to the President's end of the table, down across from each other in mirror-image fashion.  EXC looks to the President.  The second hand of the clock on wall wheels past 12.  A hush falls over the room.
148) 0) text: The President reacts.  Kenny and Bobby react.
153) 0) text: The President lowers the phone, looks to Bobby and Kenny.
157) 0) text: The room EXPLODES, victorious.  Kenny and Bobby break int big grins, grab each other.  Kenny pumps the President's hand.  Rusk and Bundy slap each other on the back.
157) 10) dialog: They're right.  This is intentional. He glances around the room.  All of EXCOM is looking at h Bobby stares at Kenny, too shocked to feel betrayed.
157) 11) dialog: Khruschev's stopped the 20 ships which are carrying contraband, and he's letting the ones which aren't go through, hoping for an incident.  I think we should let them go. Bobby relaxes.  Around the table there are nods.
157) 13) dialog: Then we deal with it tomorrow.  But today he's stopped most of them.  He's done something smart here.  We gave him an ultimatum, and he's agreed to most of it, preserving just enough room to save face.  We need to do something just as smart now. Bobby's nodding, following the argument.  Kenny looks aro the room for support.
159) 0) text: The President holds Kenny's gaze, then lifts the phone.
160) 0) text: Kenny, Bobby and the President make their way across the lawn, out of earshot of the building.
160) 2) dialog: Give it a rest.  You were thinking the same thing, just didn't have the guts to take the heat. Bobby likes getting under Kenny's skin.  Bobby aims a pun at his head which Kenny knocks away.  The President chang gear, serious.
160) 4) dialog: Have to hope it's a signal that he'll back down on the real issue too.
160) 7) dialog: Then let's move the quarantine line. It's a simple suggestion.  The President considers him a beat, and then McNamara emerges from the White House, hea for them.  The three friends assume their more reserved, political faces as he comes up.
160) 9) text: We could use a few more hours.  I think we should consider moving the quarantine line back to 500 miles. Bobby and the President look at Kenny like he's some kind Svengali.  Kenny just stands there, poker faced.
161) 0) text: Kenny and McNamara enter the White House from the South L They stride down the hall, side by side.
161) 1) dialog: Moving the line.  Stroke of genius.
161) 4) dialog: The Chiefs are looking for a provocation out there.  The President's going to come under enormous pressure.  You have to keep 'em on a short leash, Bob. McNamara spares Kenny a short, nasty look.
161) 6) dialog: Listen to me, goddamn it.  We're talking about a possible nuclear war.  You dropped the ball on Bay of Pigs --
161) 8) dialog: You were in the room.  It was your purview.  It was your job to make sure Bissel wasn't fucking us over and you didn't do it.  You've got the most important job in the world right now.  You're the smartest guy the President has. (beat)
161) 11) dialog: You need to be the best you've ever been. McNamara enters the elevator.  He turns, stands there fac Kenny for a dramatic beat.  Then the doors close.
162) 3) dialog: Find out how close our exercises are coming to their cruise missiles.  I'm calling you back in five, and you will have an answer for me or I will come down there and beat the shit out of you. (beat)
163) 2) text: Hey, Kenny, did you hear me give the order to go to DEFCON 2?  I remember giving the order to go to DEFCON 3, but I must be suffering from amnesia because I've just been informed our nuclear forces are DEFCON 2! Kenny realizes he's not joking as he spots Bobby sitting the couch behind Taylor, pale as a ghost.  Taylor, embatt wants to die, but stands there like a man.
165) 7) dialog: Jesus...
165) 9) dialog: We can't do that, Bobby.
165) 11) dialog: And we can't purge the Chiefs.  Our invasion talk will look like a bluff.  Or even that there's been an attempted coup. Bobby is disgusted, but knows they're right.
165) 13) text: ...with all due respect to our heroic fifth column. The President collapses in his rocking chair.  Kenny lean over the back of the sofa next to Bobby.
165) 14) dialog: We've got Khruschev's attention with the blockade.  If we want a political solution.  I think it's time to turn up the diplomatic heat.  Cause if we let this go on too long, we're going to find ourselves in a war. Bobby looks at the President, meaningful.  The President turns to Kenny.
166) 3) dialog: I think it's a bad idea. Bundy turns back to him.
166) 6) dialog: Then they should speak up.
166) 8) dialog: Yes it is.
166) 10) text: We need you to tell 'em, Kenny.  They'll listen to you. Kenny prickles, intense, but Bundy presses on, too wrappe in his own thinking to notice.
166) 12) dialog: -- You listen to me.  Nobody, nobody, talks about my friends that way.  You're fucking here right now because of the Kennedys.  They may be wrong.  They make mistakes.  But they're not weak.  The weak ones are these 'people' who can't speak their own minds.
166) 14) dialog: No, they just lack 'moral toughness.'  And you think I'll play your Judas.  You WASPS and blue-bloods never understood us, thinking we want into your club.  Well we got our own club now. (beat)
167) 0) text: Kenny throws himself on a chair in the bedroom's sitting area, newspaper in hand.  The President, buttoning his sh in a full-length mirror, sees him.  There's a TV on.  The President selects a tie from a nearby rack, eyes the pape
167) 2) dialog: Oh, just a bunch of crap about withdrawing our Jupiter missiles in Turkey if the Soviets'll do the same in Cuba. The President's eyes flick over to him in the mirror.
167) 4) dialog: If we made a trade, we'd be giving in to extortion, and NATO would never trust us again.  We'll get clobbered in world opinion.
167) 6) dialog: Then somebody'd better deny it publicly. The President turns around, heads over to the T.V.  Kenny folds his arms, disgusted.
167) 8) dialog: Yeah, a good political solution. ON THE T.V. Live coverage of the United Nations Security Council meetings.  Holding forth in Russian is VALERIAN ZORIN, 50 tough, likeable, the Soviet Ambassador to the U.N. and chairman of the Security Council.  A translator relays th meaning.
168) 0) text: Kenny, phone to his ear, suffers as Bobby harangues him.
168) 2) dialog: You can't take him out this late in the game.
168) 4) dialog: Then talk to your brother, goddamn it.  The two of you don't need any advice to get into trouble.
168) 7) dialog: Something your father would've come up with. Silence.  Terrible silence.  That paralyzes Bobby.  Kenny stares at him.  He means it, but regrets it, too.
168) 9) dialog: -- I'm just trying to make a point.  This idea is that fucking bad. But Bobby gets it.  Kenny shifts gears, lets it go.
168) 10) dialog: Adlai can handle Zorin.  He knows the inning and the score.
170) 0) text: Kenny turns to gaze at his little T.V. in the credenza, U coverage continuing, as if he could see Adlai there.
170) 1) dialog: Adlai, it's Kenny.  How're you doing?
172) 0) text: Kenny rises from his chair, paces toward the T.V.  He pau
172) 1) dialog: The President told me to pass the word to you: stick it to them.
174) 0) text: Kenny is watching exactly the same performance.  Zorin is masterful.  Kenny knows it.  And when he talks to Adlai, with the fatalism of a coach knowing he's putting his thi string quarterback in against the all-Pro linebacker.
174) 1) dialog: Adlai.  The world has to know we're right.  If we're going to have a chance at a political solution, we need international pressure.  You got to be tough, Adlai.  You need to find it, old friend.
175) 0) text: Adlai watches his Staffers leave his inner office.  He he Kenny, and everything Kenny is saying.
178) 0) text: EXCOM watches the coverage on the situation room's T.V.'s The President and Bobby sit side by side, Kenny just behi them.  Bobby checks his watch, looks at the President.
184) 0) text: EXCOM's excitement mounts.  In the chorus urging Adlai on find Kenny edge toward the screen.
184) 1) dialog: Yeah.  Yeah.
188) 0) text: EXCOM celebrates.  Phones ring at several of the chairs a the conference table. The President and Kenny meet as Bun picks up a phone in the b.g.
188) 2) dialog: Zorin must not have gotten instructions.  Somebody in their Foreign Ministry's blown it big-time. Bundy steps forward, holding the phone.
197) 0) text: OFF THEIR REACTIONS, the CAMERA FINDS an under-strength, hoc EXCOM - Kenny, Bobby, Taylor, Bundy, Sorensen, McCone Ball and the President.  Guarded hope all around.  The sh balding, pugnacious Scali looks discomfited.
197) 7) dialog: Dangle a settlement, tie us down in negotiations, we come up short...
197) 9) dialog: That may be why Khruschev's introducing this guy.  We've been burned by his usual players in the formal channels, so he brings in an honest broker.
198) 0) text: BANG!  A STACK OF FILES slams down beside Kenny on a larg paper-covered conference table.  WALTER SHERIDAN, Kenny's investigator-buddy, wears a visitor's pass just like Kenn Kenny and Walter RIFLE through the folders, super fast, s proficient.  A half-dozen FBI AGENTS work around the tabl
198) 2) dialog: Who's he talking for?  Is it Khruschev, or is this more bullshit? Kenny stands, runs his hands through his hair, aggravated
198) 3) dialog: How do you become the KGB top spy in the United States?
198) 5) dialog: Politics is politics.  Walter. (whirling on Agents)
198) 6) text: Khruschev is the Moscow Party Boss under Stalin.  Give me their career chronologies! Walter pushes a typed dateline of Khruschev's major caree moves, and one of the Agents hands Kenny a list of Fomin' postings.  He lays them side by side.  And for every step Khruschev's, there's a step for Fomin.  Not only that, bu the DATES ARE IDENTICAL or nearly so.
198) 7) dialog: Every time Khruschev moves up, Fomin does within a year... (tracing up the list)
198) 8) text: Khruschev was the administrator in charge of preparing Moscow's defenses during the war.  And Fomin... was here in the U.S. Kenny's face falls.  But a YOUNG FBI AGENT cuts in.
198) 11) dialog: They know each other.  They're war buddies.
198) 13) dialog: Hello?
198) 15) dialog: They know each other!  Khruschev and Feklisov aka Fomin were war buddies!
198) 17) dialog: Don't take it to court, but we've got good circumstantial evidence... (off Walter's nod)
200) 0) text: Scali finishes debriefing the President, Bobby, Kenny, McCone, Taylor and Bundy.
201) 0) text: From a cluster of folding metal chairs, Kenny, Bobby, Rus and Sorensen watch a TELETYPE hammer out the message as i comes off the wire.  It's painfully slow, like watching a typist type a manuscript.  Ten pages of this is an eterni To top it off, it's in Russian.  A TRANSLATOR reads it of word by word to a TRANSCRIBER.
202) 0) text: Kenny slams a page of Khruschev's letter on the table.  H jabs his finger at it.  EXCOM listens, intent.
202) 1) dialog: It's ten pages of sentimental fluff, but he's saying right here.  He'll remove the missiles in return for a no-invasion pledge.  It looks like Fomin's overture was genuine. The President turns to McCone.
203) 0) text: A long, black car stops at the end of Kenny's driveway. door opens, and Kenny steps out.  He says an inaudible goodnight to the driver, and the car pulls off.  He turns facing the white two-story house with the neat front yard the lights out.  And he smiles.  Home at last.
204) 0) text: A screen door squeaks open.  Kenny steps out into the darkness of the back yard.  And there, in her robe, sitti startled on a lawn chair, lit only by the dim glow of the kitchen window, is Helen.  Kenny stands there tired, his slung over his shoulder.
204) 1) dialog: Hi. Helen rises, her own care-worn face turned to his.  For a silent moment they gaze at each other, searching in the l of each others' face for the changes of a long separation They see them.  But they've been married a long time, and awkwardness passes.
204) 5) dialog: -- we got a back channel communication from Khruschev this evening feeling us out about a deal.  He confirmed it just a little while ago in a letter to the President.  I think we've won.
205) 3) dialog: Helen and I went out for breakfast. EXCOM's not supposed to convene til eight.
206) 0) text: Kenny and Bobby walk fast for the cabinet room, Kenny sti in his coat.
206) 2) dialog: What does the letter say?
207) 0) text: The President, in shirtsleeves, no tie, glances up at Ken as he and Bobby enter.  Kenny can only bear his look for second: he blew the call on Fomin.  But the President is clearly relieved to see him, gives him a faint smile.  Half of EXCOM, including McNamara, McCone, Rusk, and Tayl barely notice them as they're already there arguing. Kenny sits down hurriedly, shucks off his coat as he join the conversation in mid-stream.
207) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ... Bobby gives him a look: told you things got worse.
207) 11) dialog: We can't sell out one of our friends for our own safety.  NATO wouldn't trust us anymore, and they'd be right not to. The President sighs in the face of the stern advice.  He nods, expecting as much.  Bobby still can't look at anyon
209) 0) text: The news hits the room like a thunderbolt.  Kenny looks t Bobby and the President.  The blood is gone from their fa
209) 4) text: Our capability to get all the missiles has eroded during our delay with the quarantine.  The good news is that for the moment we know where the FROGS are, and we can target them, too.  But the longer we wait, the hard it's going to get. They all look to the President.  Kenny stares, in a priva hell, blacker and more complete than anyone should ever k In that shocked silence each man grapples with failure. Best and the Brightest could not prevent what must come n
211) 0) text: Kenny, at the other end of the line, stares out the windo the fall day.  It seems so mild, so unlike war.  And it t him a beat before he realizes Anderson's on the line.
211) 2) dialog: Major, my name is Kenneth O'Donnell.  Special Assistant to the President. Kenny takes a breath, ready to start the shuck-and-jive.. but for some reason doesn't.
211) 3) dialog: Major, a few days ago the President ordered me to help him keep control of what's going on out there.  I've been browbeating pilots, navy guys left and right to make sure you don't get us here in Washington into trouble.  But you know what?  We're pretty damn good at getting ourselves into trouble.  So instead of riding your ass, I'm just going to tell you what's going on, and let you figure out how best to help us out up here.
213) 1) dialog: Last night, we looked like we were going to cut a deal to get us all out of this mess.  Today, the Soviets are reneging.  We're going to try to salvage the situation, but a lot of things are going wrong today.  It's making everyone nervous, and it will be very hard to avoid going to war.  Don't get shot down, Major.  Beyond that, whatever else you can do to help us, I'd really appreciate it.
215) 0) text: Kenny nods to himself, deeply touched by the man's faith.
215) 1) dialog: Thank you, Major.
232) 0) text: Kenny, jogging down the hall, hears form an open door.
233) 0) text: All of EXCOM is there except for Bundy.  Kenny sits behin the President, deeply distraught over Major Anderson.
233) 4) dialog: It could be a mistake. McCone gives him a get-serious look.  But Kenny presses o
233) 5) dialog: We need to be positive before we react. Bundy enters the room.  Everyone looks up.  He stands the in the doorway, his face tight. Kenny sags in his chair.  Bundy, of course, has more bad news, and they all know it.  A hopeless beat.  The Presid just stares at Bundy, unable to ask.  Bundy nods, affirmi what everyone is thinking.
234) 0) text: Alone in his office, shattered, Kenny stares out the wind viewing the distant Ellipse through a gap in the trees. are out there playing football.  He glances at his watch, grabs his jacket.
235) 0) text: Kenny puts on his jacket as he goes down the steps into t bright autumn day, walking away from the White House.  It drops behind him -- his step is faster, more urgent.
236) 0) text: Kenny walks down the sidewalk, drawn toward the Ellipse. sixth grade FOOTBALL PLAYERS sweep forward with a running play.  Kenny scans them, searching, his breath coming har
237) 2) dialog: Hey, sport.  You winning?
237) 5) dialog: Yeah, Kev.  Everything's gonna be fine. But Kevin knows.  Together they know.  The end of the wor is at hand.
237) 7) dialog: I, uh... Suddenly a car HONKS.  Kenny turns around.  Bobby is lean out the rear passenger window of his limo.  And he sees w Kenny is doing.  He doesn't want to cut in, but has to.
237) 9) dialog: Get back out there, kid.  Remember to hit 'em hard.
237) 11) dialog: Back to work. Kevin puts his helmet back on his head.  Kenny watches as Kevin jogs off to rejoin his team.  Kenny turns his back his son, and strides for Bobby's limo, dying inside.
238) 0) text: Kenny and Bobby stand by their car off to one side of the restaurant's parking lot.  Bobby's Secret Service Agents maintain a discreet distance.
238) 1) dialog: If we're going to make a deal, we're going to have to do it fast.  This is only getting out of control.  The only reason we're not at war this very minute is he's been able to stretch, bend and break his own rules.  He won't be able to keep it up forever. Bobby jams the last bit of sandwich in his mouth.  A beat Kenny looks him in the eye.
238) 3) dialog: And Jack wants to trade the missiles in Turkey.
238) 5) dialog: -- Jesus, Mary and Joseph.  I told you how stupid it was to float the Lippman article!  But you wouldn't listen to me.  What if there hasn't been a coup at all?  What if it's you two who invited that second letter by raising the possibility of a trade? Bobby is speechless with rage.
238) 6) dialog: And if the two of you are thinking this trade is your ace in the hole, you're so wrong.  It's a deuce. Bobby's beyond furious.  They catch their rising voices.
238) 7) dialog: And it's not just me who thinks that.  Everyone on this so-called EXCOM is telling you exactly the same thing: make the trade, and they're going to force us into trade after trade until finally they demand something we won't trade like Berlin, and we do end up in a war. (beat)
238) 10) dialog: So now you've got to talk him out of it.  And then we've got to figure out an acceptable political solution.
239) 0) text: Kenny enters from his office, finding Bobby, Rusk and Sorensen talking with the President.  The President gives a brief, meaningful look.
239) 5) dialog: I agree.  If there has been a coup, and there's a hard-line government in power now, then it doesn't matter what we say.  The end of the day we'll either agree to their terms, they'll agree to ours, or we'll go to war.  But what if there hasn't been a coup?  What if... what if what is happening is a series of accidents?
239) 7) dialog: No.  The letter is an intentional, but it's having an effect far greater than its authors intended. (beat)
239) 12) dialog: Exactly. (beat)
239) 15) dialog: No.  We don't reject it... It hits Bobby like a lightning bolt.
240) 10) dialog: And we do it under the table so we can disavow any knowledge of it.
240) 12) dialog: Six months from now, I'm not going to care.  Are you?  We'll deal with it.
240) 14) dialog: And if this is a move to appease the hard line, then it may just be the bone he needs to regain control of his own house. Most EXCOM is nodding, agreeing.  McCone shakes his head disgust.  Taylor sits in silence.
240) 20) text: Because on Monday we begin military action against Cuba. Bobby and Kenny exchange a look.
241) 0) text: A LONG SHOT: Bobby emerges from the West Wing in his overcoat, briefcase in hand.  He pauses, tiny, alone.  Th West Wing - and all its imposing spotlit power behind him reduced to this insignificant man on his eleventh-hour mission. And then, out of the shadows, in the f.g., steps Kenny in own coat, his breath frosting in the late-night air.  Bob sees him, and knows he is not so alone anymore.
241) 4) dialog: Hey, Joe.  Listen, I'll take care of him.  Go ahead in, grab some coffee.  We'll be back pretty quick.
241) 6) dialog: What's the matter with you?  Forget how to open a car door?
242) 0) text: Bobby recovers, opens his own door, gets in the front sea next to Kenny.
242) 1) dialog: Jesus, you rich people. Kenny starts up the engine.  Bobby smiles a twisted smile As the car pulls away, the two men sit in silence, neithe willing to admit how glad the other is there.
244) 0) text: Bobby stares out the window at the passing city, the ligh the lives behind those windows.  As the car drives on and the tension returns.  Bobby feels the weight of all those lives.  On him.  A long beat.  He gazes at Kenny, the onl man he could ever admit this to:
244) 2) dialog: There's nobody else I'd rather have going in there. Bobby looks at him.
244) 3) dialog: Nobody else I'd trust Helen and the kids' lives to. Kenny means it.  He looks away.  Bobby shifts, awkward.
244) 6) dialog: Because we knew we could do a better job than everyone else. And Bobby, in the silence and closeness of the car, turns Kenny - anguished, knowing his life is at its climax.
244) 9) dialog: You're right about the smart part, but ruthless, well... That breaks the tension as they arrive at the scene:
244) 13) dialog: Smoke.
246) 0) text: Kenny squeals the limo up to the curb in front of the Jus Department.  The doors fly open, and Kenny and Bobby jump out, head up the steps to the building.
247) 2) dialog: I'll whistle up some luck for you. And before Kenny's eyes, all of Bobby's doubt vanishes. its place, a severe confidence.  A grandeur Kenny has nev seen. It makes Kenny pause.  He beholds his best friend become man of the ages.  And then Bobby SMOOTHLY opens the door.
248) 0) text: And a DOOR SHUTS OC like a threshold of history.  HOLD ON Bobby's waiting room.  Silent.  Cavernous.  Dim.  Plush carpet.  Heavy drapes framing dark windows.  And abandone secretary's desk.  A row of sofas and chairs on either si of the room.  Two doorways, one at either end of the room A WOMAN sits in one of the chairs for visitors.  Dressed gray.  Prim.  But beautiful.  A secretary of some sort. One of the double doors to the hall swings silently open. Kenny glides in.  He sees the other door shut at the far of the room.  Kenny crashes in one of the chairs to wait. HOLD ON THE SCENE, motionless, silent. Kenny WHISTLES two notes.  Stops.  And then he begins to WHISTLE the Irish tune, O'Donnell Aboo.  He gets a bar in it -- and there's a polite, soft COUGH. Kenny stops.  Then notices the Woman in gray across the r He didn't see her.  It's dim over there.  She looks at hi expressionless. The CAMERA FINDS: a pin on her lapel.  A RED HAMMER AND SICKLE. Kenny reacts.  Dobrynin's assistant?  His opposite number friend?  Or more than a friend? Here is the face of the enemy.  Not a smile between them. Kenny resumes his ease.  And begins to WHISTLE again. The haunting Irish song echoes in the vaulted ceiling, filling the dim room.  Strange, sad, beautiful.  The woma listens.  And her face begins to soften.   Kenny stares at the dark, lonely windows, his SONG strivi to fill the empty room. Kenny sinks deeper in the chair, his tune all-consuming.. and the Woman's voice breaks in.  Kenny stops, looks over Her voice is tremulous and beautiful.  Just a snatch of s song in Russian.  She stops, awkward. Kenny stares.  The Woman stares back.  No smiles.  But in their eyes, they each see the other's fear, the other's beauty, the other's humanity. So this is the enemy.
248) 2) dialog: The friend. Kenny breaks the gaze.  He begins to whistle again.  The CAMERA drifts away, finding the far DOOR to the inner off Kenny's tune stronger, carrying with it hope...
249) 0) text: ... to the other side of that DOOR.  Dobrynin sits in a c opposite Bobby behind his desk.  The room is equally dim. And far more tense. Silence.  And then the FAINTEST STRAIN of O'Donnell Aboo. Dobrynin glances briefly over his shoulder at the door. But Bobby, unseen by Dobrynin, can't help the flicker of private smile.  It's Kenny's presence, and Bobby is the stronger for it.  And then the tune is gone. Bobby leans forward, cool, controlled, masterful.
252) 0) text: Kenny enters the Oval Office through his side door.  The office is dark, only the desk lamp on.  Kenny's gaze move over the trappings of power: the carpet with the Presiden Seal, the rocking chair by the fireplace, the desk. And on the desk, tucked almost out of sight, sits a small humble wooden plaque.  It's turned to face the occupant o the chair behind the desk.  Kenny reaches out, turns it around.  It is the Breton's Fisherman's Prayer. It reads: OH LORD, THY SEA IS GREAT, MY BOAT SO SMALL.
253) 0) text: -- onto the portico.  Standing there in the dark, by the white neoclassical pillars of the cloister, are Bobby and President.  They're holding drinks.  Kenny joins them. The President gestures out across the South Lawn to the gleaming Washington Monument.
253) 4) dialog: All he had was his character. The President and Bobby nod at the justice of that remark
253) 7) dialog: -- he kept the peace. Kenny looks at the President.  The President feels it, an gazes back to him. The three of them stare out at the glittering city.  The grandness of the world lies before them, and they are deciding its fate, and are humbled by the awfulness of it The silence is beyond power. And for a long moment, they know not to disturb it.  Ther nothing left to say.  The President, at last, finishes hi drink.
254) 0) text: Kenny's limo pulls away, leaving Kenny, coat in hand, at bottom of his driveway.  He watches it go, silently urgin to return for him with some call from the President telli him he's desperately needed.  But it doesn't. He turns to his house.  The lights are all out. He notices he's CLUTCHING the handle of his briefcase.  H knuckles are white.  With conscious effort, he unfolds hi hand, letting the briefcase drop on the driveway. He stands alone, stripped of his friends, his family, his job... and in that moment, mute, impotent in the shadow o Armageddon, Kenny is our Everyman of the Nuclear Age.
255) 0) text: Helen stands in the kitchen, a ghostly white figure in he robe, the windows open and curtain flapping as she breath the air.  Kenny enters.  He stands in the doorway.
255) 2) dialog: No.  I'm glad I'm home. And she knows the worst.
255) 4) dialog: If the sun rises in the morning, it is only because of men of goodwill. (beat)
257) 0) text: Kenny snatches the RED PHONE from its hook.
257) 1) dialog: Yeah?
258) 0) text: THE CHURCH BELLS TOLL in raucous celebration.  Kenny, Hel and the five O'DONNELL KIDS join the throng packing throu the doors to the church.  They're all smiling except Kenn who searches fro faces in the CROWD. And then he spots Bobby with his FAMILY.  Bobby grins at That makes Kenny grin back.
261) 0) text: Kenny rounds a corner.  McNamara, Bundy and McCone are talking, excited, hushed, standing to one side, down the hall.  Kenny eyes them as he draws closer, and then they notice he's approaching.  Bundy nods him over, confidenti
261) 5) dialog: Don't you understand? McNamara and Bundy look at him funny.
261) 7) dialog: The sun came up today.
261) 9) dialog: It shouldn't have.  But it did.
261) 11) dialog: Every day the sun comes up... says something about us.
261) 13) dialog: Something... amazing. They just stare at him.  And with secret smiles, superior smiles, they nod.
262) 0) text: The President stands at his mirror, tying a bow tie to a for some Sunday special event.  Kenny gathers up his fold from nearby breakfast table. Kenny meets the President's gaze in the mirror, and the t men know they have been to the same mountaintop.
262) 3) dialog: You know... The President looks at him in the mirror.
262) 4) dialog: ...this was what we're here for. The President smiles an ever-so-faint smile.  Kenny turns leaves the room, vanishing, and as we HOLD on the empty doorway, the simple, whistled melody of O'DONNELL ABOO dr from the hallway beyond, becoming our END MUSIC.