98) 11) dialog: Hey everyone. Hey. I'm just going to set up in the other room, be ready in ten minutes. They go off to the library, leaving the family all togeth in tense silence.
105) 0) text: The whole family assembled. Marta stands in the back, wit Blanc, Elliott and Trooper Wagner. Alan Stevens, Harlan's attorney, sits at a table with pap in front of him, assistant Sally beside him.
105) 1) dialog: Well. Thank you all for getting together like this, it isn't legally necessary but I thought because you're all in town and some of you are leaving soon, it would be best -
105) 9) dialog: Right. Well the other reason I thought this gathering would be, uh, beneficial is that as I told Walt, Harlan altered his will one week ago. He sealed it and asked me not to submit it to the courts for probate until after his death. So in case there's any confusion about anything we're all together, we can talk. I can't imagine any of it will be that complicated, Harlan's assets included um
105) 11) dialog: the house which he owned outright, um
105) 13) dialog: right in various cash accounts and investments, yes and of course the real assets are sole ownership of um
105) 15) dialog: Blood Like Wine publishing, his publishing company. Ok. Walt's wife puts her hand on his knee. He squeezes it, smiled tightly. 71. ALAN (cont'd) Um, he did write up a statement when he made the recent changes, he wanted it read first, so: (reads) "Some of you may be surprised by the choice I've made here. No pleasure was taken in the exclusion, and its purpose was not to sow greater discord in the family, quite the opposite. Please accept it with grace and without bitterness. But do accept it. It's for the best." Gently condescending eyes shift to Ransom. Linda sees thi puts her hand on her son's hand, and he immediately gets and moves to a chair in the corner. Alan's assistant hands him an envelope and he removes a single sheet of paper with one short typed paragraph. ALAN (cont'd) Ok. So - oh wow, yeah, not complex at all. This'll be quick. "I Harlan Thrombey, being of sound mind and body, yada yada, my assets both liquid and otherwise, I leave in their entirety to Marta Cabrera. My entire ownership of Blood Like Wine publishing I leave in its entirety to Marta Cabrera. The copyright of its catalog likewise I leave in its entirety to Marta Cabrera. The air around Marta's head goes away. The room spins She's not sure what's happening. Blanc is looking at her. The whole family is looking at her. Walt bursts out of his chair and grabs the will
105) 20) dialog: It's right Donna begins to hyperventilate. She puts her head between her knees, breathes deep.
105) 28) dialog: Sorry, there's, uh. "Likewise the house at two Deerborn Drive and all belongings therein I leave to Marta Cabrera. Linda goes for Marta.
110) 2) dialog: No. I don't know how many times I can repeat the same two simple pieces of information.
111) 0) text: Lit by a fire in the fireplace, the whole family pacing around, Alan the lawyer looking very tired seated at a ta in the center of the room.
111) 1) dialog: If Harlan was of sound mind when he made the changes, and we've all confirmed he was
111) 3) dialog: not legally no, you not liking what they did does not speak to testamentary capacity. 78.
111) 6) dialog: (weary) Did you just google that?
111) 9) dialog: You need a strong case for that. You've got nothing. "She endeared herself to him through hard work and good humor" won't cut the salami.
111) 11) dialog: The slayer rule obviously does not apply here.
111) 14) dialog: Not even convicted, even if they're held responsible for their death in civil court
111) 15) dialog: Like OJ Like OJ, yes. But Harlan committed suicide. 79. All eyes turn to Blanc, who this whole time has been sitt in a chair by the fire, lost in thought.
111) 21) dialog: Thank you. Alan takes that as an excuse to leave.