9) 1) dialog: Hey! Excuse me ma'am. Are you with the help? MEG, Thrombey's college aged granddaughter, trots out.
9) 3) text: (to the cop) (mutters ) It's ok, sorry. No. It's not ok. What the hell? They hug, and are both instantly crying. They laugh.
15) 5) text: Yeah. It's my - it's our, it's the family's publishing company, dad trusts me to run it. 30 languages, over 80 million copies sold. A real legacy. You guys fans?
121) 0) text: and leans against it, breathing hard. But angry and focused. She dumps the legal envelopes in the trash but keeps the mysterious envelope, opens it and pulls out: 89. Half a sheet of paper, roughly torn. A photocopy of the header of some sort of medical document, "OFFICE OF THE CHIEF MEDICAL EXAMINER" Under that, a photocopy of a tag with her name on it. And hand written in block letters at the top: "I KNOW WHAT YOU DID." Marta's phone BUZZES, and she jumps. Caller ID: "maybe B BLANC". She hesitates, then sends it voicemail. Looks at the mysterious letter in her hands.
123) 0) text: Siren blazing, the cop car SPEEDS into town. 90.
124) 0) text: The cop car pulls past an identifying sign into the parki lot of a one story stand alone building, joining several other cop cars, and fire trucks. Journalists kept at bay. The building is a charred brick husk. Black smoke, debris It's been gutted with an explosion and a blazing fire. Blanc steps out of the cop car and finds Lieutenant Ellio
128) 0) text: Her subcompact PEELS OUT and buzzes off down the road. Blanc, crestfallen, runs back towards the cop cars in the parking lot, shouting at Elliott, who flags a cop.
129) 0) text: The whine of the engine, Ransom puts on his seat belt. In the rear view, siren lights as cop cars pour out of the parking lot in pursuit.
130) 0) text: Marta buzzing down the road, cop cars a quarter mile back
133) 0) text: Marta's car PEELS TO A STOP and the two COP CARS on eithe side blaze by, hitting their brakes. She pulls off onto a SIDE STREET and into narrower city streets, down narrow alleys, using her small car to nimbl dart though small spaces. The cops can't follow, and she loses them. She pulls to a stop in a secluded little back lot.
136) 0) text: Cop cars coast through town, Marta's bringing up the rear
138) 0) text: Marta's car makes a sharp turn, leaving the cop caravan.
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.