2) 0) text: Follow one housekeeper named FRAN carrying a tray of coff up a flight of stairs. Second floor: a hallway, doors all closed. The house has not woken up, and Fran steps lightly. Up a much narrower creaky flight of steep stairs.
3) 1) dialog: Morning Mr Thrombey But the bed is empty, unslept in. A robe thrown across it Fran heads out onto the landing and UP an EVEN NARROWER h flight of stairs, which leads to a single door. FRAN (cont'd) Mr Thrombey you up there? Mr Thrombey I'm coming in
4) 0) text: A cramped attic study, every shelf crammed with curios. The door swings open and Fran sees: HARLAN THROMBEY himself. 85 years old. Slung across a white leather day bed. Throat slit. Drenched in blood. Very much dead. Fran's tray slips out of her hands for a second.
4) 1) dialog: Shit. CUT TO: Title card, on black.
80) 0) text: HARLAN THROMBEY - his portrait, with an ambiguous look on his face. Marta. Soda water in hand at the reception that night. Staring shell shocked at Harlan. The reception for friends of the family. Tables of food. Twenty or thirty people milling, in dark tasteful clothes with the whole Thrombey family. A tearful Fran has cornered Marta, talks through sobs:
80) 1) dialog: I don't think he killed himself I don't. I don't. There's this Hallmark movie Deadly By Surprise where Danica McKellar plays a wife who gets poisoned by her husband but bit by bit so she thinks she's going crazy and she ends up killing herself, and my cousin who's the receptionist at the medical examiners office says that kind of thing can totally happen, she says it's not even like 3% as crazy as stuff she's seen come through the - As Fran's talking, Marta looks at the room of family members, gathered around talking. She FLASHES BACK to:
81) 4) dialog: Jesus. I'm gonna disappear until the politics talk is done. You want some champers?
82) 0) text: END FLASHBACK. Marta in the same spot, Fran still talking her ear off. The room sways. Marta sucks in breath, sways and braces herself against the wall.
82) 1) dialog: Oh my god Marta, what? Meg runs over, rubs her back.
83) 0) text: Empty and dark, fireplace blazing. Above the fireplace is an ornate mantle clock. Fran uses a key to unlock one of several tiny drawers hidden in its face, takes out a join and hands it to Meg.
83) 1) dialog: Take em whenever you need em - they're just drying out since you gave me that Juul.
101) 3) dialog: Asshole. She storms off around the house. A beat of thought. Then:
141) 2) dialog: You
141) 4) dialog: ...COpy... copy
141) 6) dialog: ...Stashed... These words are barely given breath: FRAN (cont'd) you... did this... won't... get away.. with this Her eyes seize. Her breath gets ragged. Marta is paralyze with shock and fear. Fran is dying. Marta looks at the medical bag in her hand. Then at Fran, struggling with her final breaths, eyes wide with fear. She takes a step back from the dying Fran. Fingers tight around the medical bag. Letting her die. But then, a decision: no. Marta dials 911 on speaker, dro to her knees and starts administering mouth to mouth. 99.
181) 0) text: Fran standing in the middle of the room, nervous. She tur as Ransom walks in and strides towards her.
181) 1) dialog: I knew it. I knew you were a no good son of a bitch, I knew Harlan wouldn't have just killed himself.
181) 3) dialog: I knew you were guilty as shit. Now you're gonna pay for it don't come near me I'm warning you I - But he's upon her, hand over her mouth, stifling her scre as he pushes the syringe into her neck and PUSHES THE PLUNGER. MINUTES LATER - her inert body in the chair. He fishes through her pockets, finds the envelope, and takes the TO REPORT from it, leaves the empty envelope in her hands. On his way out: lights the tox report on fire, drops it burning next to Marta's bag. We stay with it as it burns away.
181) 5) text: BLANC (V.O.) (cont'd) You'll make an anonymous call to the police, they will catch her there with the body and the burned evidence. Marta will be arrested for killing Fran... and Harlan.
183) 0) text: Marta holding Fran on the floor, her dying words -
183) 1) dialog: you... did this...
185) 1) dialog: Hugh... did this...
186) 3) text: Marta turns away from the dying Fran.
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.