4) 0) text: A cramped attic study, every shelf crammed with curios. The door swings open and Fran sees: HARLAN THROMBEY himself. 85 years old. Slung across a white leather day bed. Throat slit. Drenched in blood. Very much dead. Fran's tray slips out of her hands for a second.
6) 0) text: A tiny window in a cheap apartment building opens, Marta' face appears breathing deep. SUPER: "ONE WEEK - after Harlan Thrombey's demise"
14) 0) text: Harlan Thrombey, surrounded by his family, Richard and Li flanking him, a birthday cake with candles. All smiles.
18) 0) text: The exact same moment we saw with Richard and Linda of Harlan in front of the birthday cake - but now it's Walt, Donna and Jacob next to Harlan.
26) 0) text: Walt with a drink in his hand has cornered Harlan. Richar watches across the room as Walt goes from arguing to pleading.
27) 2) text: Walt, drunk, Harlan guiding him firmly into the shadows.
27) 3) dialog: The Netflix guys, their business affairs guy sent over something, hard numbers this time, and I think - this is a window, it's not Walt. going to last and you should just look at these numbers Walt.
27) 5) dialog: They're not our books, son. They're my books. And this is not how I wanted to have this conversation but, you're right, it's unfair of me to keep you tethered to something that isn't yours to control.
27) 7) dialog: I've done you a grave disservice all these years, I've kept you from building something of your own, that's yours. You're not going to run the publishing house anymore. You are free of it.
27) 9) dialog: We'll talk about details tomorrow. But my mind's made up. Good boy. Harlan pats his face, then leaves him shell shocked.
29) 0) text: The family having a conversation, everyone but Harlan, Ja and Ransom. It grinds to a halt as through the door to Harlan's study indistinct shouting booms.
31) 2) dialog: .»..you tell her or I will!
33) 0) text: Harlan showing Richard photos on a laptop. Long lens photos, of Richard kissing a woman who is not Linda. Richard glares at it, Harlan turns an old baseball over i his hands.
33) 2) dialog: I know my daughter. She'd want to know. I've put it all in this letter to her, tomorrow she gets it.
33) 3) dialog: I'm warning you once, don't She deserves to know, you're do this like hell - going to tell her! Harlan slams the baseball down on the desk. HARLAN (cont'd) You tell her or I will!
35) 0) text: Harlan at his desk, toying with the same old baseball. Th is a thing he does at his desk. Joni standing, arms cross
35) 2) dialog: Alan didn't mail it because he caught a discrepancy. Alan's office has been wiring tuition directly to the school, as per your request. But Phyllis's office that handles your yearly allowance has been wiring the tuition money directly to you as well. As per your request. You've been double dipping Meg's tuition, stealing from me. A hundred thousand dollars a year. For the past four years. 22. Harlan shows Joni a letter from his business manager, wit transaction receipts attached.
35) 4) dialog: I'm writing this tuition check, then that is the last money you or Meg will get from me.
35) 6) dialog: I know it'1l hurt but it's for the best. Joni's speechless, her face frozen. Harlan puts the baseball down and detaches the check, holds it out to her HARLAN (cont'd) My mind's made up.
40) 0) text: Marta sits alone, across from a portrait of Harlan. Muffl voices out on the patio. Cigar smoke drifts by outside. She creeps over to the glass door. Puts her ear to it.
42) 0) text: She reads, Harlan sits at his laptop, heavy with sadness.
42) 1) dialog: Why do men instinctively pull at loose threads on their parachutes?
44) 0) text: Harlan looking at the letter from his business manager, w the transaction receipts. He sighs heavily.
44) 1) dialog: Oh, Joni.
46) 0) text: Marta and Harlan vanish up the stairs towards the third floor, while Richard and Linda head into the bedroom righ next to the stairs. Down the hallway Joni waves, and duck into another bedroom.
51) 0) text: Joni knocks on the door of Harlan's attic office. It open and Harlan answers. In the room behind him we see Marta, her back turned, preparing a hypo needle.
55) 0) text: Walt, still smoking with Jacob, spots Harlan through the glazed glass, coming down the stairs in the foyer.
59) 0) text: The night of the party. A clock on a nightstand: 11:32. Off screen we hear Marta leading Harlan up the creaky stairs.
59) 1) dialog: Up up up up - you got it? I got it. Up up up I got it. Marta enters the room, and behind her we see Harlan keep climbing up the narrow stairs to his office.
60) 0) text: Harlan sits, setting up a GO board. Marta enters. 35.
60) 1) dialog: It's late, I had champagne It's my birthday, we are - no no no You had one glass - we're not breaking tradition on my birthday. Marta puts two vials and a pill box on the GO board. She pulls out two plastic wrapped hypodermics.
60) 3) dialog: If you're going to put that vile shit in me you will have to earn it. On my birthday. (playing it up) Eighty fifth. So old. Soo olddd
60) 5) dialog: Why can't I beat you at this game? Because I'm not playing to beat you, I'm playing to Oh uh huh. build a beautiful pattern. They play fast, and Marta is obviously winning.
60) 6) dialog: Elder abuse. I'm calling the AARP.
60) 8) dialog: It's basically over. My only hope is that an earthquake will strike. But what are the chances - Harlan starts shaking the table with his knee. He looks around, startled. Marta just stares at him, deadpan. HARLAN (cont'd) Get under a door frame! 36. He tips the whole table and the GO board and med vials an syringe and med kit fall to the soft rug. Things spill ou of the kit. A mess. Marta just shakes her head.
60) 10) dialog: Fair. She retrieves the vials and loads a syringe from one of them. Harlan rolls up his sleeve revealing a pre-inserted catheter. He crosses to close the room's only small windo HARLAN (cont'd) Ugh, Walt's smoking a cigar on the porch. Nasty things.
60) 12) dialog: Tonight was... good.
60) 14) dialog: No. But I did it. Cut the line on all four of them. It was not easy. This goddamn fortune. Sometimes I think, everything I've given my family, I've done, maybe without knowing it, maybe, to keep them beneath me. I should have what... maybe, I don't know. Encouraged Walt to write his own stories, not just be a caretaker of mine. Like you said I should. Been a father, not just a provider, to Joni. Like you've also said. I should have been kinder to Linda. And Ransom. Harlan takes a curved ornamental dagger from a display mount, turns it over in his hands. HARLAN (cont'd) Jesus there's so much me in that kid. Confident, stupid, I dunno. (MORE )
60) 15) text: HARLAN (cont'd) Protected. Playing life like a game without consequence, till you can't tell the difference between a stage prop and a real knife. He stabs it into the desk, sharp and real. Leaves it ther HARLAN (cont'd) I don't fear death. But god I'd like to fix some of this before I go. Close the book with a flourish. I guess we'll see.
60) 17) dialog: you mean the good stuff?
60) 19) dialog: Send me to lala land. Why did I wait till my mid eighties to become a morphine user, what a schmuck, what a nud-nig, this stuff's the best. She pulls the needle from the second vial... then sees th label. Freezes. Blinks at it.
60) 21) dialog: Is there a problem?
60) 23) dialog: You gave me 100 milligrams of the good stuff. 38. She immediately pulls an EMERGENCY KIT from a nearby shel starts calmly but quickly going through its contents. HARLAN (cont'd) What's the good stuff dosage supposed to be?
60) 25) dialog: That's much less. So what happens?
60) 27) dialog: Well no pressure. You know that's an interesting, efficient method for murder, I need to write that down. He gets a little notebook and scribbles while she checks rechecks the kit contents with increasing urgency. HARLAN (cont'd) So if someone switched the meds on purpose I'd be dead in ten minutes, like stone cold dead?
60) 29) dialog: From the time of injection, so eightish now. And even if the victim called an ambulance when he first felt symptoms, if he was at a country home like this one... where the ambulance takes fifteen minutes to arrive, it would be too late. If the victim didn't have this emergency Naxostuff. He watches her. She's now digging around the carpet, looking under the couch. She dumps the entire contents of the kit out and is now frantically going through it. A be of sweat rolls down Harlan's brow. 39. HARLAN (cont'd) Marta. Do you have Naxostuff?
60) 31) dialog: Marta, listen to me.
60) 32) dialog: Harlan we need to - are you Stop. Stop stop, Marta crazy, we need to call, they listen there isn't time stop need to get here I need to - now stop She goes for her cell phone across the room and Harlan st her - they trip and fall to the ground with a KA-THUNK.
60) 33) dialog: What are you doing are you Marta it's too late it is nuts? over, it's too late I am dead listen. LISTEN. He actually puts his hand over her mouth. HARLAN (cont'd) Listen. If what you said is true I am gone, there's no saving me, we have six minutes. There is one last thing I need to do in this world, and only you can help me do it. But you need to trust me and do everything I say.
60) 35) dialog: Get you out of this. Think of your mom - please trust me, we have to 40. make this look ironclad like it can't have been your fault. You. Can't. Have done this.
60) 37) dialog: Get up. A knock on the door.
60) 39) dialog: Stand here, keep your back to me, don't say a word. Harlan opens the door. While he gets rid of Joni with Marta, who stands stock still, tears running face, eyes wild - what does she do? HARLAN (cont'd) Joni.
60) 41) dialog: Oh yes we just, I just knocked over the GO board, sorry about that.
60) 43) dialog: Yes yes all fine, go to bed Joni. her away we stick down her 41.
60) 45) dialog: Yes. Tomorrow.
60) 47) dialog: Night night. Harlan shuts the door. Looks at the knife still sticking the desk. Then takes Marta's shoulders, looks in her eyes HARLAN (cont'd) Pay attention now, your mom is still undocumented, if this is your fault she'll be found out and at best deported, your family will be broken. A new kind of fear in Marta's eyes.
60) 48) dialog: Oh god But we're not going to let that happen. I have a plan, it's not going to be easy but you have to do exactly what I tell you. Will you do this Marta? This last thing. For me, and for your family. She's terrified. But she nods.
61) 1) dialog: Go downstairs as noisily as you can, say goodbye loudly.
61) 3) dialog: Call attention to the time if you can.
62) 2) dialog: Drive out the gate, then to avoid the security cameras, pull off the road BEFORE the carved elephant. weathered wood carved elephant statue.
62) 4) dialog: AFTER the carved elephant.
62) 6) dialog: BEAFTERFORE the carved elephant.
63) 2) dialog: Park and come back on foot up to the house, 43.
64) 1) dialog: Take the side yard path, through that little gate. The DOGS sprint down the moonlit yard from the house towa Marta. HARLAN (V.O.) (cont'd) The dogs will know you, they shouldn't bark. The dogs stop at Marta and lick her hand.
65) 1) dialog: You've got to get up to the third floor without being seen, and the only way is to climb the side trellis and come in through the trick hall window.
65) 3) dialog: I am not. Do it. Cut to: moments later, Marta climbing the trellis. It's easy going until a piece BREAKS under her foot, and she swings for a second by one hand. HARLAN (V.O.) (cont'd) And for godssakes don't make any noise.
66) 0) text: What appears to be a dead end hallway, with a painting at the end. BUT suddenly the end wall swings away like a doo revealing a WINDOW behind it. Marta heaves her way in through it, and steps lightly into Harlan's bedroom.
66) 2) dialog: Once you're inside, this is the tricky part.
67) 1) dialog: Get my robe and cap from my bedroom. And put them on. She picks them up from the bed. Stops. A moment of doubt.
68) 0) text: Back to the scene with Harlan. Marta stops him.
68) 2) dialog: We need to make this so airtight your average cop will entirely dismiss you as a suspect. This seems crazy but it will work.
70) 0) text: Marta, in Harlan's robe and cap, creeps down the creaky stairs, then keeps going down.
70) 1) dialog: Walt and Jacob are smoking outside. They'll see you...
71) 1) dialog: ...through the glazed window. She holds her breath, a deer in the headlights.
71) 3) dialog: You were seen leaving, the security cameras show you driving off, and twenty minutes later I am seen alive and well by my son.
72) 1) dialog: You've gone from suspect number one to an impossibility.
74) 1) dialog: Leave the way you came. And don't. Be. Seen. She hops to the ground, then FREEZES and almost shouts. She's facing a darkened first floor window. Wide open. An inside it, staring RIGHT AT her, is Greatnana. Marta is frozen. Greatnana isn't moving either. Just has her eyes locked on Marta. After what seems like forever, Greatnana cocks her head slightly and asks...
74) 3) dialog: Drive home. Sometime in the next few days the police will question you.
75) 0) text: Back to Harlan and Marta.
75) 2) dialog: Don't lie. Tell fragments of the truth. In this exact order:
79) 0) text: Linda stands in her childhood room, by the window in the ebbing light. From a shelf she pulls a stack of PINK NOTECARDS, identical to the one Harlan showed Richard in office. But these are covered in writing, sweet little notes, a father to his daughter.
80) 0) text: HARLAN THROMBEY - his portrait, with an ambiguous look on his face. Marta. Soda water in hand at the reception that night. Staring shell shocked at Harlan. The reception for friends of the family. Tables of food. Twenty or thirty people milling, in dark tasteful clothes with the whole Thrombey family. A tearful Fran has cornered Marta, talks through sobs:
87) 1) dialog: I know I missed something... there's going to be something I missed. But I know you can beat it. Without losing your soul you have to do what you have to do to beat this, and win.
87) 3) dialog: You can and you have to. For me. Right now. 55. She's out the door and he shuts it.
89) 2) dialog: Do what I say and everything's going to be ok, Marta. I promise. She makes a move to stop him and with one quick motion he DRAWS THE DAGGER across his throat. Blood sprays. She leaps back, hands to her mouth, spins and leaves the room, closing the door behind her.
93) 2) dialog: ...to avoid the security cameras, pull off the road AFTER the carved elephant. Marta keeps a poker face, but.. shit. 57.
99) 1) dialog: ...my will!
105) 0) text: The whole family assembled. Marta stands in the back, wit Blanc, Elliott and Trooper Wagner. Alan Stevens, Harlan's attorney, sits at a table with pap in front of him, assistant Sally beside him.
150) 11) text: BLANC (cont'd) I spoke in the car about the hole at the center of this donut. And yes, what you and Harlan did that fateful night seems at first glance to fill that hole perfectly. A donut hole in the donut's hole. But we must look a little closer. And when we do, we see that the donut hole has a hole in its center - it is not a donut hole at all but a smaller donut with its own hole, and our donut is not whole at all!
151) 0) text: Ransom and Harlan face each other.
152) 2) dialog: Not a red dime or word of my work to a single one of them, you included.
153) 2) dialog: No. I'm giving it to Marta. All of it. 108.
159) 0) text: The painting wall swings aside, and Ransom climbs through leaving mud traces on the sill and the carpet. He heads straight down the narrow hall and into Harlan's bedroom. The party din from downstairs.
166) 0) text: A nervous Ransom tears a clipping from the local newspape about Harlan's death, stuffs in it an envelope with a hug fold of cash, and addresses it to Blanc. The New Yorker profile open on the couch.
168) 0) text: Ransom bounds up the stairs, climbs under the POLICE TAPE blocking Harlan's study, and enters.
181) 5) text: BLANC (V.O.) (cont'd) You'll make an anonymous call to the police, they will catch her there with the body and the burned evidence. Marta will be arrested for killing Fran... and Harlan.
188) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Harlan's old baseball being set carefully back place. By Linda. She's about to leave, but she notices the pink envelope on the desk. Picks it up, takes out the blank note. Seems to recognize it, and smiles sadly.
191) 0) text: Marta shuffles to the front doorway. One last glance at Harlan's portrait, its grin now gentle and content.