18) 0) text: The exact same moment we saw with Richard and Linda of Harlan in front of the birthday cake - but now it's Walt, Donna and Jacob next to Harlan.
53) 0) text: Walt and Jacob sit on the porch, Walt with a cigar, Jacob with his phone. Marta trots through, saying goodbye.
55) 0) text: Walt, still smoking with Jacob, spots Harlan through the glazed glass, coming down the stairs in the foyer.
61) 0) text: Walt smoking and Jacob.
71) 0) text: Marta come down the stairs, and sees the outline of Walt Jacob outside through the glazed window windows. 45.
88) 0) text: Marta stands frozen. Soft voices of Walt and Jacob float from downstairs. She turns back to the door. Silence. Moments going by. Shit. Can she do this? Shit. No. She turns and pushes back into the office -
98) 0) text: Walt, Donna and Jacob (nose in his phone) sit around the room. Linda and Richard stand, on their phones. Ransom breezes in, bumping Donna who YELPS, startled. Elliott and Wagner follow.
98) 21) dialog: Nothing.
98) 23) dialog: No.
98) 25) dialog: Liberal snowflake.
98) 35) dialog: I just heard two things.
99) 0) text: Jacob on the toilet, hearing non distinct yelling through vent high in the wall. But two words poke through:
100) 1) dialog: And then there was more shouting, but I also heard Ransom say "I'm warning you." Walt raises his arms, triumphant.
105) 32) dialog: Anchor baby. Marta! Jacob! And Linda - please!
111) 4) dialog: What about undue influence?
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.