10) 0) text: Thrombey's eldest daughter Linda opens the door for Marta
10) 1) dialog: How you doing kiddo. Linda is 60ish, well put together, sharp and steely eyed. She dresses and speaks with just a little more sharpness than any situation she's in requires.
10) 3) dialog: Ueuh. The funeral helped. I guess. Just seeing him. I thought you should have been there. I was out voted. Linda's husband Richard walks in, on the phone. Same age Linda, gruff and confident, will put his feet up on anything.
10) 7) dialog: Alright I'll go first. I'm assuming this will all be wrapped up before the memorial tonight.
11) 0) text: Mystery and horror memorabilia scattered on the shelves. Linda sits opposite three men: LIEUTENANT ELLIOTT, in his 30s, in a working suit. Very good at his job. The young Trooper Wagner stands behind him. Sitting back behind both of them, almost blending into th background, is a slight man in a linen suit. Legs and arm fold sharply, like a paper crane. Silent, listening.
11) 5) dialog: Yes.
11) 7) dialog: The party? Pre my dad's death? It was great.
12) 0) text: Warmly lit, classic rock playing, food laid out. Linda an Richard mingle happily with the rest of the family (who we'll meet shortly.)
12) 2) dialog: Uh. There was Fran, the housekeeper. Marta, Harlan's caregiver, good girl, hard worker. Family's from Ecuador. And Wanetta - Greatnana, Harlan's mom. At the snack table wearing a dozen coats, a woman who mig be three hundred years old. She pounds down chips and dip like a machine.
12) 4) dialog: We have no idea.
13) 2) dialog: N...0, Richard came early to help the caterers set up. She raises a questioning finger to ask about the man but
13) 4) dialog: (sharp) It's my company.
13) 6) dialog: I built my business from the ground up.
13) 8) dialog: We had our own secret way of communicating. You had to find that with dad. You had to find a game to play with him. And if you did that, and played by his rules... CUT TO: Richard in the chair Linda was in, giving his statement.
18) 0) text: The exact same moment we saw with Richard and Linda of Harlan in front of the birthday cake - but now it's Walt, Donna and Jacob next to Harlan.
22) 0) text: Meg trots out. Linda, pissed, to Richard so Joni can hear
22) 1) dialog: you know, Dad's paying for her crypto-Marxist postdeconstructual feminist poetry theory whatever major, she could have stuck around for the cake.
23) 13) dialog: Mr. Blanc, I know who you are, I read your New Yorker profile. It was delightful. I just buried my eighty five year old father who committed suicide. Why are you here? Elliott and Wagner turn back to Blanc, who leans forward slightly and speaks in the gentlest southern lilt you have ever heard in your life.
23) 15) dialog: Who?
23) 17) text: BLANC (cont'd) You will find me a respectful, quiet, passive observer. Of the truth. Elliott and Wagner turn nervously back to Linda. She doesn't look thrilled. Cut to Richard.
25) 5) dialog: Thank you.
25) 7) dialog: Well. Blanc pauses. Doesn't push anything. Just waits a moment. LINDA (cont'd) Yes. I mean. Walt, yeah. He's done well with what dad's given him. Walt - not like it matters but he was sort of adrift, dad gave him the job, but really dad hands him a book twice a year and Walt publishes it, I mean... it's just not the same.
25) 9) dialog: Are you baiting me, Detective? You know he doesn't, and you think I'm dumb enough to be baited into talking family business, into shit talking my brother in front of a police detective and a state trooper - Richard in the chair.
33) 0) text: Harlan showing Richard photos on a laptop. Long lens photos, of Richard kissing a woman who is not Linda. Richard glares at it, Harlan turns an old baseball over i his hands.
37) 0) text: Joni comes out into the foyer from the library, obviously rattled. She pulls it together quick when Linda comes dow the stairs.
37) 1) dialog: Joni. You haven't seen Richard have you? 23.
38) 1) dialog: Richard! Alone, Richard waits very still for Linda's footsteps to walk away, then when he knows she's not coming in he furtively rifles through desk drawers, finding various ridiculous ephemera. He finds a small locked drawer, jimmies it open with a letter opener. Inside - the small pink envelope Harlan threatened him wi in his flashback. He rips it open, pulls out the card inside. It is blank. Richard almost laughs. Drops it onto the desk.
46) 0) text: Marta and Harlan vanish up the stairs towards the third floor, while Richard and Linda head into the bedroom righ next to the stairs. Down the hallway Joni waves, and duck into another bedroom.
47) 0) text: Richard sleeps deep, Linda sleeps lightly.
50) 0) text: CREAK CREAK CREAK! From outside. Linda's eyes pop open.
52) 0) text: Linda has just gotten back to sleep.
54) 0) text: Linda with a pillow over her head.
79) 0) text: Linda stands in her childhood room, by the window in the ebbing light. From a shelf she pulls a stack of PINK NOTECARDS, identical to the one Harlan showed Richard in office. But these are covered in writing, sweet little notes, a father to his daughter.
79) 2) dialog: I was just thinking about Dad's games. This all feels like one, it feels like something he'd write, not do. I keep waiting for a big reveal, where it all makes sense. How nice would that be? Her little brother hugs her. His eyes tired and dark. 48.
81) 9) dialog: Oh god don't. Marta is drawn over next to Richard, very uncomfortable.
81) 11) dialog: Leave the poor girl alone.
84) 1) dialog: DO YOU WANT DINNER, NANA? Walt she's fine, she ate the DINNER? TO EAT? EAT? whole salmon spread already. Meg grabs Walt, pulls him to Marta.
98) 0) text: Walt, Donna and Jacob (nose in his phone) sit around the room. Linda and Richard stand, on their phones. Ransom breezes in, bumping Donna who YELPS, startled. Elliott and Wagner follow.
98) 17) dialog: Walt, what? 64.
98) 34) dialog: Alright! Enough. Jacob, we get where this is going. The bathroom's next to Harlan's office, where he had the big fight with Ransom. You heard something. Spill it.
100) 2) dialog: Ransom? What's this mean? He just eats cookies, silent.
100) 9) dialog: I think it might be the best thing that could happen to you.
105) 4) dialog: What? 70.
105) 17) dialog: No.
105) 21) dialog: No no no no Alan this can't be legal, there are, we're his family
105) 25) dialog: Alan take that piece of paper and shove it up your ass and get out. And you cops, out! They don't but Ransom slips out, his child-like laughter trailing after him.
105) 27) dialog: No, we need to talk and we need to fight this thing and we're not going anywhere. GET OUT! We're the Thrombeys goddammit! This is still our house! 73. A beat of silence. Then all eyes go to Alan. Who looks down at the will. His assistant Sally points helpfully.
105) 29) dialog: You little bitch. Did you know about this? What did you do to him to make this happen, were you two what were you boinking my father? Marta recoils, stumbles back.
111) 2) dialog: Would a sound person do The very action speaks to this! Sound how? unsoundness!
111) 8) dialog: Gotten her hooks into him Somehow or something
111) 23) dialog: She knows it's what she should do, it's the right We've gotta make her do the thing to do. right thing. Meg rounds on her mom, speaks quietly, in tears.
188) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Harlan's old baseball being set carefully back place. By Linda. She's about to leave, but she notices the pink envelope on the desk. Picks it up, takes out the blank note. Seems to recognize it, and smiles sadly.
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.