10) 5) text: RICHARD (ON PHONE) (cont'd) (to Marta) Ransom. Little shit. Missed the funeral. STATE TROOPER WAGNER, fresh faced in his 30s, pokes his h in through a door.
12) 6) text: Yes but he left early. RANSOM DRYSDALE, roguishly handsome in his early 30s, breezes out the side door, past Greatnana.
29) 0) text: The family having a conversation, everyone but Harlan, Ja and Ransom. It grinds to a halt as through the door to Harlan's study indistinct shouting booms.
97) 2) dialog: Ransom. Call me Ransom, my middle name. The help call me Hugh.
97) 4) dialog: Uh huh. He blows past them and into the house.
98) 0) text: Walt, Donna and Jacob (nose in his phone) sit around the room. Linda and Richard stand, on their phones. Ransom breezes in, bumping Donna who YELPS, startled. Elliott and Wagner follow.
98) 2) dialog: You gonna run me in? I don't feel like talking. I'm distraught. Ransom disappears into the kitchen, comes out eating a sleeve of pinwheel cookies. Blanc and Marta slip in. Elliott nods to Blanc.
98) 4) dialog: The hell anyway is this arrangement?
98) 6) dialog: 
98) 9) dialog: Meg. How's your SJW degree coming?
98) 33) dialog: We gotta do this more often.
100) 5) dialog: (mock gravity) Father?
100) 7) dialog: Yes.
100) 10) dialog: Thanks - my mother, folks.
100) 12) dialog: Up your ass Joni, you've got your teeth bit into this Oh ‘up your ass' very nice family tit so hard you homophobic privileged -
100) 13) dialog: (going down the line) As a matter of fact - Eat shit, hows that? In fact eat shit, eat shit - eat shit - Definitely eat shit. Eat shit. And now everyone is shouting at each other. Blanc has heard enough. He sets the baseball down on a si table, and drifts out. Marta follows him. 67.
103) 0) text: The whole family in a screaming match, but Blanc and Mart walk through and up the stairs. Three people notice: Elliott and Wagner (who follow) and Ransom (who doesn't.)
106) 3) dialog: I think this could be the best thing to happen to all of you! And they're gone. The family keeps shouting at each other Blanc watches the Porsche recede, his expression unreadab DING! His phone buzzing. He checks it. His expression darkens.
107) 1) dialog: Ok seriously though, what the hell? She shakes her head, looks at him. What the hell indeed.
109) 0) text: Tucked into a dark corner, Marta is miserable. Ransom is bemused, but regards her closely. They sit in silence. A waitress sets a sausage plate down
109) 1) dialog: (to the waitress) Could we get an extra bowl please? (to Marta) You look like you're gonna pass out. Have you eaten all day? Eat. She joylessly shovels food in her mouth, starving.
109) 3) dialog: Uh huh. So why.
109) 5) dialog: Why. Hey, this is everything. There has to be a bigger reason why and you know it.
109) 7) dialog: (agrees) Yeah. (beat) Yeah that's the only thing that makes sense. 76. Marta is unexpectedly effected by this. The waitress breezes by, sets an empty bowl on the table.
109) 9) dialog: Just I wasn't getting a cent.
109) 10) dialog: He wanted you to build something from the ground something from the ground up, like your parents up, like my parents RANSOM (cont'd) yeah. My mom built her business from the ground up with a million dollar loan from granddad. My dad owns none of it, and mom made him sign a prenup. He lives in fear. I know that's what granddad wanted to protect me from by doing this, and I know I shouldn't say this out loud but when he told me, Jesus Christ I coulda killed him. (beat) After I left the party, though. I was driving fast, nowhere, just in the night. And I got this weird... clarity. That from here on I was going to have to do for myself. And that felt... good. The old bastard. (beat) Marta I know three things. One: I know he didn't commit suicide.
109) 12) dialog: I don't think it. I know it. Cause I knew my granddad. So you're not going to bullshit me. Because two: I know lying makes you puke. Cause of that mafia game last fourth of July. Marta sinks back, suddenly nervous. RANSOM (cont'd) And three. I know that you just ate a full plate of sausage and baked beans. 77. She looks down at her empty plate. Oh no. He pushes the large empty bowl in front of her. RANSOM (cont'd) So look me in the eye. And tell me what really happened to my granddad. Her lip quivers. She looks like she might attempt it. But then tears drop from her eyes.
109) 14) dialog: Marta. Tell me everything.
112) 0) text: Beer bottles now stacked up in front of Ransom. Marta has just told Ransom everything. He stares into space, and makes the slightest hint of a laugh which I'll write as:
112) 1) dialog: Heuh.
112) 3) dialog: I always thought I was the only one who could beat Granddad at GO. I always thought that meant something.
112) 5) dialog: At the party, that night, my last conversation with him, our last fight, that's what he told me, about you. That you beat him nearly every time. More than me. And I thought what a strange thing to tell me. But I think I get it now. I think it did mean something. (beat) I'm not telling the family shit. You're not going to jail. That detective is not going to catch you. And you're not giving up the family fortune. (MORE )
112) 6) text: RANSOM (cont'd) Think about what Granddad did to see this through, this was what he wanted not just for you but for his family, and for him. And yes for you. You've come this far. Let me help you go all the way. Marta looks at him hard.
112) 8) dialog: Because fuck my family. They don't deserve any of this. I can help you and we can fool them all and get away with it... and then you will give me my cut of the inheritance. The perfect ending, we all win. You, me and Harlan. Deal? Silence. Broken by Marta's phone ringing. On the phone
114) 1) dialog: Ok then. Did the detective find anything suspicious at the house?
114) 3) dialog: Identifiable prints?
114) 5) dialog: Good. Ok. Good. Hey. You've just gotta ride the next few days out until the investigation putters out, cause it will, cause no matter how sharp this Blanc guy is he's got nothing. Relax.
122) 0) text: Ransom studies the mysterious letter. Marta pushes aside stack of New Yorkers and sits on the couch.
122) 1) dialog: Well I don't know what this is from Indicating the tag photocopy with her name.
122) 3) dialog: OK, but this is just a photocopy of the header of a blood toxicology report, from the local crime lab. On Harlan. Marta, it would show the morphine overdose.
122) 5) dialog: I was Harlan's research assistant. For a summer. He sips his morning coffee. RANSOM (cont'd) But what kind of blackmail scheme is this? I mean the actual evidence is sitting up the street at the crime lab. What was the point of sending you this?
125) 2) dialog: Marta this means that the blackmailer has the only paper copy of the thing that can prove your guilt. You didn't get any other instructions, no phone call no email, no nothing? Marta looks stunned. She stabs at her phone, quick swipes
125) 4) dialog: That's it. 1209 Columbus Road, 10am. Marta looks at Ransom, then at the clock on her dashboard 9:32, then at the charred building.
127) 1) dialog: You know what this means right? If you destroy that copy you are totally within the clear. Blanc begins to walk straight towards Marta. Quickly and with purpose. Shouts something, Lieutenant Elliott follow RANSOM (cont'd) Marta. Did you hear me. 92. Marta peeks again - Blanc coming at them full speed. Twen paces from the car. Closing in fast.
129) 0) text: The whine of the engine, Ransom puts on his seat belt. In the rear view, siren lights as cop cars pour out of the parking lot in pursuit.
129) 2) dialog: I regret not taking the beamer. Her phone buzzes - Blanc calling. IGNORE.
132) 1) dialog: Oh my god oh my god oh my Are you flooring it? god I am literally flooring it Her phone rings - Blanc again. She looks over - cop cars are RIGHT ALONGSIDE them. Blank holds his phone up, looks at her quizzically. Points to the phone. RANSOM (cont'd) This is going well.
132) 3) dialog: If you miss your shot at getting that tox report it's all over...
134) 0) text: Marta, breathing hard. Ransom is shocked.
134) 2) dialog: Ok. I'm all just pure adrenaline now it's like I swallowed bees. What's the the whatsitcalled address 1209 Columbus road. ok. And I just - I mean whatever they want, I just say yes right, just to get that report back. And destroy it. And destroy it. Ransom. Thank you. I couldn't do this without you. He smiles slightly. A quick moment of silence between the Then: RAP RAP RAP on Ransom's car window. Blanc. Standing right outside. Marta looks in her rear view - the cop car has pulled up silently behind them. Another pulls up in front.
135) 0) text: Ransom and Marta step out of the car, hands raised for so reason.
149) 0) text: The family gathered, impatient. Lieutenant Elliott and Trooper Wagner are there too, with another uniformed officer. Ransom sits in the corner, his face passive. Marta gulps. Blanc is a few steps behind her. As she speaks, he unfolds and reads the tox report.
149) 6) dialog: What?
150) 21) dialog: Marta I'm sorry. I told them everything, I figured it was all up. I'm sorry.
150) 26) dialog: Why I hired you? 107.
151) 0) text: Ransom and Harlan face each other.
152) 1) dialog: You can't be serious.
153) 1) dialog: You are not this crazy. You would not just throw your fortune away
153) 3) dialog: Ha. To your Brazilian nurse are you goddamn insane.
153) 4) dialog: I'm sane for the first time I'm going to stop this in my life and I've done it Harlan, I - I've made the change to my will it's done RANSOM (cont'd) I'm warning you! Push into a vent in the wall.
154) 1) dialog: That is some heavy duty conjecture.
155) 0) text: Ransom's Porsche SKIDS TO A STOP on the side of the empty road. Sits idling.
156) 0) text: Ransom's Porsche kills its lights and drives slowly down private road, hooking a left at the CARVED ELEPHANT that marks the utility road.
157) 0) text: The Porsche parked, Ransom hacks his way through the wood
158) 0) text: The party is still going on inside. Ransom slips through the side gate, up towards the house, and up the trellis.
159) 0) text: The painting wall swings aside, and Ransom climbs through leaving mud traces on the sill and the carpet. He heads straight down the narrow hall and into Harlan's bedroom. The party din from downstairs.
160) 0) text: Dark and still. Marta's medical bag, open. Ransom has unwrapped two syringes and has the two vials out - the Toradol and the morphine (the "good stuff.") Using the syringes he extracts the liquid from both vials and then injects the liquids back into the opposite vials He SWITCHES THE MEDICATIONS.
163) 1) dialog: Marta c'mon. (to Blanc) This is stoopid with two o's and you don't have a shred of evidence, you're just spinning a fairy tale.
163) 3) dialog: You have her confession! The sharpness of this makes Marta look at Ransom for the first time.
166) 0) text: A nervous Ransom tears a clipping from the local newspape about Harlan's death, stuffs in it an envelope with a hug fold of cash, and addresses it to Blanc. The New Yorker profile open on the couch.
168) 0) text: Ransom bounds up the stairs, climbs under the POLICE TAPE blocking Harlan's study, and enters.
170) 0) text: Ransom walks in sorting mail - finds the blank envelope, reads the blackmail note inside, and slowly grins.
170) 4) text: The will reading, the family assembled. Ransom sits in back, a sly smile on his face as the will is read.
171) 0) text: Beers stacked up. Marta has just confessed. Ransom's face is unreadable.
173) 0) text: Ransom giving Marta his pep talk -
174) 1) dialog: ...you're not going to give up the money.
175) 1) dialog: You've come this far!
179) 0) text: Ransom creeps down the hall, slips the ENVELOPE into the letter slot of Marta's door. 118.
180) 0) text: Ransom's Porsche pulls up. He gets out, pulling on gloves
181) 0) text: Fran standing in the middle of the room, nervous. She tur as Ransom walks in and strides towards her.
181) 2) dialog: Yes, you were right Fran. Ransom sees the medical bag on the floor, kneels and pull something out of it.
187) 0) text: For the first time, Ransom looks afraid.
187) 1) dialog: Fran's alive? Marta's phone starts to ring. They all see the caller id it's the hospital.
187) 5) dialog: I want to say this just to you, not to a courtroom of cameras, just to you because you know it's the truth: we allowed you into our home. We allowed you to take care of granddad, to be part of our family and now you think you can steal it from us? You think I'm not going to fight for our birthright, our home, our ancestral family home?
187) 7) dialog: Oh shut up Blanc, shut up! Shut up with that Kentucky fried fog horn rag-horn drawl. Yeah I killed Fran but I guess I didn't, so what do you have on me. Nothing What? attempted murder - (to Blanc) I get arson for the bombing, maybe a few other charges, with a good lawyer I'll be out before you know it. Face to face, Ransom's face hateful, Marta's strong and s RANSOM (cont'd) (to Marta) And then you'll see just how much hell I can wreak on your life, you vicious little bitch. But then... Marta's face starts to do things. Odd things. Convulses. Her jaw clenches. Her cheeks bulge. And the PROJECTILE VOMITS into Ransom's face. 122. RANSOM (cont'd)
187) 11) dialog: Well. In for a penny... In one fluid motion he spins to the ornamental WALL OF KNIVES, grabs one -
187) 13) dialog: Shit And is VIOLENTLY TACKLED out of frame by Trooper Wagner. Leaving Marta lying on her back. Blanc shouting if she's alright, Elliott and Wagner wrestling Ransom into cuffs, all fades into the background as she holds the knife and stares at the ceiling.
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.
192) 0) text: She stands on the threshold. Sees Blanc get into the fron door of a cruiser, and it drives off - Ransom in the back He looks back at her through the window. The family out on the lawn. Not sure where to go or what do. They all turn to see: Marta standing very small, but somehow not, in the doorway of her house.