10) 4) dialog: I'm not the cop so I don't know. Alright fine, don't come, get arrested. Die up your own ass all I care. (hangs up) He's not coming. (MORE )
10) 5) text: RICHARD (ON PHONE) (cont'd) (to Marta) Ransom. Little shit. Missed the funeral. STATE TROOPER WAGNER, fresh faced in his 30s, pokes his h in through a door.
10) 9) dialog: So. How you doing kiddo.
12) 0) text: Warmly lit, classic rock playing, food laid out. Linda an Richard mingle happily with the rest of the family (who we'll meet shortly.)
13) 9) dialog: Everyone idolizes their dad, right?
13) 11) dialog: Very much not, don't know why I said that. But Linda does.
14) 0) text: Harlan Thrombey, surrounded by his family, Richard and Li flanking him, a birthday cake with candles. All smiles.
14) 1) dialog: Harlan started with a rusty Smith- Corona, built himself into one of the bestselling mystery writers of all time.
15) 2) dialog: Sure.
16) 2) dialog: Jeeesus! Donna, you alright?
17) 1) dialog: The boy's literally a Nazi
18) 0) text: The exact same moment we saw with Richard and Linda of Harlan in front of the birthday cake - but now it's Walt, Donna and Jacob next to Harlan.
22) 0) text: Meg trots out. Linda, pissed, to Richard so Joni can hear
23) 7) dialog: Ok. So who the fuck is that? 13. He points at linen suit. Elliott takes a breath.
23) 9) dialog: (the hell?) Benoit Blanc?
23) 17) text: BLANC (cont'd) You will find me a respectful, quiet, passive observer. Of the truth. Elliott and Wagner turn nervously back to Linda. She doesn't look thrilled. Cut to Richard.
23) 18) dialog: Fine. Are we getting there?
23) 20) dialog: Marta?
24) 1) dialog: I guess. Harlan hired her to be around, take care of whatever medical needs pop up, but really she's like part of the family. Richard beckons with his cake, calls Marta into the discussion, into the circle of the family. RICHARD (V.O.) (cont'd) Good kid, been a good friend to Harlan. Her family's from Paraguay. Linda really likes her work ethic.
25) 1) dialog: “Immigrants - we get the job done." From Hamilton. Wagner gives him a smile to show he got the reference.
25) 3) dialog: I saw it at the public. 15. Cut to Linda back in the chair.
25) 10) dialog: Walt doesn't run shit! There are no film or TV rights, Harlan's never allowed any adaptations of his books. Hates the idea. 16.
25) 12) dialog: Oh yeah! Drives Walt nuts, cause that's where the real money's at. When he gets a little Irish courage in him he'll get into it with Harlan.
25) 14) dialog: Oh my god.
26) 1) dialog: He wouldn't leave him alone, poor guy. Harlan had to give him the hook. Harlan has had enough, he takes Walt's arm and leads him into the drawing room for a private talk. RICHARD (V.O.) (cont'd) I didn't hear what he said but he must have really handed him his lunch, Walt was like a wounded puppy the rest of the night.
30) 0) text: Richard in the chair.
30) 2) dialog: He was there, we must have spoke.
30) 4) dialog: I don't think so.
30) 6) dialog: I don't, a screaming match? No. Joni was here too, she was early, maybe it was her, ask her.
33) 0) text: Harlan showing Richard photos on a laptop. Long lens photos, of Richard kissing a woman who is not Linda. Richard glares at it, Harlan turns an old baseball over i his hands.
33) 1) dialog: That's none of your business, Harlan. Stay out of my marriage. Harlan holds up a sealed small envelope with flowery embroidery, "L" written on the front.
33) 3) dialog: I'm warning you once, don't She deserves to know, you're do this like hell - going to tell her! Harlan slams the baseball down on the desk. HARLAN (cont'd) You tell her or I will!
34) 0) text: Back to Richard. He grins, snaps his fingers.
34) 1) dialog: Yes. I know - yes, ha. So. Harlan decided to finally put his mom ina nursing home. Which Linda always opposed. And I was going to wait till we were back home in Boston to tell her, so there wouldn't be a whole scene, but Harlan wanted me to tell her then. That was it. Sorry. Forgot. Joni in the chair.
38) 2) dialog: Son of a bitch. He spots Harlan's old baseball. Grabs it, spitefully chuc it out the open window.
46) 0) text: Marta and Harlan vanish up the stairs towards the third floor, while Richard and Linda head into the bedroom righ next to the stairs. Down the hallway Joni waves, and duck into another bedroom.
47) 0) text: Richard sleeps deep, Linda sleeps lightly.
79) 0) text: Linda stands in her childhood room, by the window in the ebbing light. From a shelf she pulls a stack of PINK NOTECARDS, identical to the one Harlan showed Richard in office. But these are covered in writing, sweet little notes, a father to his daughter.
81) 2) dialog: I don't like him no he's an asshole but maybe an asshole's what we needed
81) 7) dialog: Nobody's saying that isn't bad, but I blame the parents For wanting a better life for their kids, isn't that what America
81) 8) dialog: For breaking the law. You're going to hate hearing this but it's true, America is for Americans. Marta, come here. Richard beckons her over, waving his cake plate. We've se this moment before, silent, during Richard's questioning.
81) 10) dialog: No, Marta your family came from Uruguay but you did it right, she did it legally, I'm saying. You work hard, and you'll earn your share from the ground up just like dad and all of us did - Marta I bet you agree with me. 50.
81) 12) dialog: No Marta do you agree, I'd like you to answer - you wanna become an American, there are legal ways to do it, but if you break the law it doesn't matter if you have a good heart, you gotta face the consequences. At that moment booming shouts begin behind the study door Harlan and Ransom going at it. Ransom bursts out. Marta takes the opportunity to slip into the hallway, alo She breathes hard. Takes a champagne flute from the tray. Drinks it in one gulp.
98) 0) text: Walt, Donna and Jacob (nose in his phone) sit around the room. Linda and Richard stand, on their phones. Ransom breezes in, bumping Donna who YELPS, startled. Elliott and Wagner follow.
98) 15) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
98) 20) dialog: The hell were you doing in the bathroom all night?
98) 27) dialog: It means your son's a little creep.
98) 31) dialog: Joylessly masturbating to pictures of dead deer.
100) 4) dialog: Son.
100) 6) dialog: Did Harlan tell you he was cutting you out of the will?
100) 8) dialog: Then he's done what we weren't strong enough to do - this might finally make you grow up. Ransom is really slapped by this but he doesn't let it sh
105) 19) dialog: What the genuine shit That can't be right it's right
105) 22) dialog: We're his family, Alan he obviously wasn't, something - I don't know what but something wasn't Are there safeguards against right here this? And from the back of the room, slowly rising above the di of confusion and cursing, slowly drawing even Marta's dee in the headlights attention... Ransom. LAUGHING. Loud and weirdly sincerely, tears down his cheeks, laughing his he off.
105) 26) dialog: Linda -
105) 31) dialog: Linda!
105) 35) dialog: This isn't what dad wanted, Jesus don't mob the girl, this isn't fair but we can let's talk about this work this out The whole family is coming towards her like zombies. Blan takes her by the arm and steers her towards the door.
111) 2) dialog: Would a sound person do The very action speaks to this! Sound how? unsoundness!
111) 12) dialog: What the hell is the slayer rule?
111) 18) dialog: Marta?
111) 20) dialog: You're full of shit, I don't trust this guy in the tweed suit, and Alan god bless you you're useless.
111) 22) dialog: There's one answer to this: she can renounce the inheritance.
147) 0) text: Marta and Blanc enter. This really feels like a walk towards the gallows. Richard, Walt and Meg are there. Meg avoids eye contact with Marta.
147) 1) dialog: Ah. Ok, has she come to her senses?
149) 8) dialog: Is anybody else confused? As the family breaks out in hubub, Linda notices her dad' OLD BASEBALL on the side table where Blanc left it. What' that doing here? She picks it up. 104.
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.