10) 5) text: RICHARD (ON PHONE) (cont'd) (to Marta) Ransom. Little shit. Missed the funeral. STATE TROOPER WAGNER, fresh faced in his 30s, pokes his h in through a door.
10) 6) dialog: Excuse me, we're ready for you now, we'd like to see you one at a time.
10) 8) dialog: We'll do our best ma'am. Linda exits with Wagner, leaving Richard and Marta.
11) 0) text: Mystery and horror memorabilia scattered on the shelves. Linda sits opposite three men: LIEUTENANT ELLIOTT, in his 30s, in a working suit. Very good at his job. The young Trooper Wagner stands behind him. Sitting back behind both of them, almost blending into th background, is a slight man in a linen suit. Legs and arm fold sharply, like a paper crane. Silent, listening.
11) 2) dialog: We're sorry for your loss.
15) 6) dialog: I don't do much fiction - BIG fan. Big. TROOPER WAGNER (cont'd) His plots, like something like "A Thousand Knives," with the - I don't want to spoil it but - the cow and the shotgun, like where do you come up with that?
25) 2) dialog: Oh Hamilton!
41) 4) dialog: Miss Cabrera, you can just wait inside - we'll be with you soon.
43) 4) dialog: Whoa! Oh my god! They all rush to her, Blanc brings water, awfully concern
43) 9) dialog: Joni? Joni?! TROOPER WAGNER (cont'd) Lifestyle guru Joni? No. Harlan was supporting her and her daughter, she had the opposite of a motive. Marta tries to quietly slip back into the house
45) 5) dialog: And she bumps him off for the inheritance? Come. On! Have you seen her insta? She's an influencer.
45) 19) dialog: An envelope? That worked?
57) 5) dialog: So I guess we can rule out Ransom, he wasn't there. And Marta, Harlan was alive after she left. But Meg got home during the time of death window.
76) 0) text: Blanc catches his coin. Lieutenant Elliott and Trooper Wagner look up at Marta, expectant. Just a brief moment h passed since we left them.
93) 5) dialog: It's like a Japanese horror movie.
93) 10) dialog: I'm sure we can.
94) 1) dialog: You know all these statues that you see around here - they are all straight out of his series the “menagerie tragedy series", pretty cool.
94) 4) dialog: I'll take that, thanks ma'am. Marta hands Wagner the VHS tape. Then she discretely pockets something she had held in her hand next to it -a few of the bright fruit MAGNETS from Proofroc's fridge.
95) 2) dialog: Ransom. No, but we have an address. Ten Kenoak street.
95) 4) dialog: Ugh this mud, my boots are going to stink. 59.
96) 3) dialog: They must have taken it in as evidence. I'11 check on it. Blanc picks up the GO board and sets it on the table. Examines its grid idly.
97) 0) text: The man kicks off the dogs and limps toward the house, cursing. Lieutenant Elliott and Trooper Wagner step out onto the porch.
98) 1) dialog: Sir excuse me, we are officers of the law.
104) 2) dialog: It's the trick window! From "A Kill For All Seasons!" Elliott and Wagner at the top of the stairs, and Blanc motions them not to approach.
105) 0) text: The whole family assembled. Marta stands in the back, wit Blanc, Elliott and Trooper Wagner. Alan Stevens, Harlan's attorney, sits at a table with pap in front of him, assistant Sally beside him.
131) 0) text: Blanc in back, Elliott in front, Trooper Wagner driving.
131) 1) dialog: Vehicles in pursuit in (into radio) Washington Street No force - repeat that. Possible murder suspect. Their speedometer creeping up on 85
149) 0) text: The family gathered, impatient. Lieutenant Elliott and Trooper Wagner are there too, with another uniformed officer. Ransom sits in the corner, his face passive. Marta gulps. Blanc is a few steps behind her. As she speaks, he unfolds and reads the tox report.
150) 5) dialog: Get the family out?
169) 2) dialog: Deadly by Surprise.
187) 9) dialog: That means she was lying!