15) 7) dialog: Dad said the plots just popped into his head fully formed, that was the easy part for him - TAP from the linen suit man's finger.
15) 9) dialog: Uh. We all got here around 8.
16) 0) text: Walt laughing and mingling with his nervous wife DONNA.
16) 1) dialog: My wife Donna, she's my rock. Richard backs up into Donna, who YELPS in fear and throws her martini in the air. Richard jumps, but Walt doesn't even register it.
16) 3) dialog: And my son Jacob, he's sixteen. Very politically active. 10. His angry looking son JACOB, who is always on his phone.
17) 3) dialog: Kids today, with the internet, amazing.
18) 0) text: The exact same moment we saw with Richard and Linda of Harlan in front of the birthday cake - but now it's Walt, Donna and Jacob next to Harlan.
19) 1) dialog: I mean. We're all gutted but I'm happy we got that night with him. To be by his side, to think about our books and what we've accomplished with them, it's like I can still feel his hand on my shoulder.
19) 2) dialog: Passing the torch. Cut to: JONI THROMBEY in the chair. A striking woman, tal and boho chic in chunky jewelry and a flowy dress.
23) 5) dialog: (almost laughing) So by "manner of death" you mean if he was killed. If one of us killed him. One of his family?
26) 0) text: Walt with a drink in his hand has cornered Harlan. Richar watches across the room as Walt goes from arguing to pleading.
27) 0) text: Walt in the chair, indignant.
27) 1) dialog: What? Richard said what? Jesus. No, we didn't get I'm just trying to get an “into it." accurate impression - Harlan took you aside at the party, when you returned you were chastened, what did Harlan say to you? Walt starts to open his mouth, hesitates. Off his frightened face we FLASH BACK:
27) 2) text: Walt, drunk, Harlan guiding him firmly into the shadows.
27) 3) dialog: The Netflix guys, their business affairs guy sent over something, hard numbers this time, and I think - this is a window, it's not Walt. going to last and you should just look at these numbers Walt.
27) 4) dialog: Dad you put me in charge of our books let me be in charge, let me do this! Please.
27) 6) dialog: What?
27) 8) dialog: Dad. Are you firing me?
28) 0) text: Back to Walt's hesitating face. The briefest of moments h passed. Walt lies: 18.
28) 1) dialog: We talked, we had a business discussion, about e-books, Jesus, it was nothing. You want to talk about an argument, hell Ransom had an argument with him.
28) 3) dialog: Look we love Ransom, he is a good kid, we love him.
28) 5) dialog: But he's always been the black sheep of the family, and I'm not, I, I keep stuff like this in the family, but with Ransom, he's never had a job. But dad for some unknown reason has always supported him, they've got this love hate bond. They fight. But that night, god. They had a blow out.
29) 1) dialog: We couldn't make it out, but it was huge. And it was strange they went in another room to do it - they usually love stoking up drama in front of the whole family. Ransom bursts out of the doors and storms out of the part past Greatnana.
53) 0) text: Walt and Jacob sit on the porch, Walt with a cigar, Jacob with his phone. Marta trots through, saying goodbye.
55) 0) text: Walt, still smoking with Jacob, spots Harlan through the glazed glass, coming down the stairs in the foyer.
55) 2) dialog: Dad, go to bed! Through the glazed glass, Harlan goes back up the stairs.
61) 0) text: Walt smoking and Jacob.
71) 0) text: Marta come down the stairs, and sees the outline of Walt Jacob outside through the glazed window windows. 45.
71) 2) dialog: Dad, go to bed. Marta heads right back up the stairs.
79) 1) dialog: Hey sis. People are going to start getting here for the memorial pretty soon. Are you- Are you alright? She looks up. Walt in the doorway. She wipes her eyes, indicates the notes.
84) 0) text: Walt yells at a non responsive, bored Greatnana.
84) 1) dialog: DO YOU WANT DINNER, NANA? Walt she's fine, she ate the DINNER? TO EAT? EAT? whole salmon spread already. Meg grabs Walt, pulls him to Marta.
84) 3) dialog: No, not yet, is now a good Yes a very good time. Right time? now.
84) 4) dialog: Marta. We've talked it over, and (wait) Have you been smoking grass?
84) 6) dialog: We talked it over and the whole family, we want to take care of you.
84) 9) dialog: Financially, we want to help you out. You were never anything but good to dad. Because of that, you can count on us. Walt embraces her, Meg puts a hand on her back. Over Walt's shoulder, Marta sees Harlan's portrait again. Has its expression changed? It looks like it has a slight conspiratorial smile. Marta breathes - maybe this is all going to be ok. WALT (cont'd) I thought you should have been at the funeral, by the way. I was outvoted.
88) 0) text: Marta stands frozen. Soft voices of Walt and Jacob float from downstairs. She turns back to the door. Silence. Moments going by. Shit. Can she do this? Shit. No. She turns and pushes back into the office -
98) 0) text: Walt, Donna and Jacob (nose in his phone) sit around the room. Linda and Richard stand, on their phones. Ransom breezes in, bumping Donna who YELPS, startled. Elliott and Wagner follow.
98) 12) dialog: Funny Ransom, you skipped the funeral but you're early for the will reading.
98) 14) dialog: (to Ransom) It's funny you're here at all. Why are you even bothering, that's what I want to know.
98) 16) dialog: He knows what it means.
98) 18) dialog: Jacob was in that bathroom the night of the party.
98) 26) dialog: I don't know what any of that means
98) 28) dialog: Oh MY son's a creep?
98) 30) dialog: He was in the bathroom
98) 32) dialog: Ok you wanna go? They go at each other and do some half-hearted slap-fight before Linda and Joni break them apart. Ransom's loving this. 65.
100) 3) dialog: It means dad finally came to his senses and cut this worthless lazy brat out of the will. (to Ransom) And you better sell your little Beamer and you better give your notice at that country club and kick whatever fashion drugs you're on cause if you think after the bridges you've burned, the shit you've said and what you've put this family through for the past ten years that any of us are going to support you, are going to give you like dad used to say a single red dime you're nuts. 66. Ransom looks around the room. Cold faces.
105) 16) dialog: No.
105) 18) dialog: No. What? (beat) That can't be - that can't be right 72.
105) 19) dialog: What the genuine shit That can't be right it's right
105) 22) dialog: We're his family, Alan he obviously wasn't, something - I don't know what but something wasn't Are there safeguards against right here this? And from the back of the room, slowly rising above the di of confusion and cursing, slowly drawing even Marta's dee in the headlights attention... Ransom. LAUGHING. Loud and weirdly sincerely, tears down his cheeks, laughing his he off.
105) 32) dialog: Anchor baby. Marta! Jacob! And Linda - please!
105) 34) dialog: Yes Marta, did dad discuss You need to tell us this with you? everything you know about this and we need to talk about this,
105) 35) dialog: This isn't what dad wanted, Jesus don't mob the girl, this isn't fair but we can let's talk about this work this out The whole family is coming towards her like zombies. Blan takes her by the arm and steers her towards the door.
110) 1) dialog: There have to be options here.
111) 5) dialog: Yes! Undue influence!
111) 7) dialog: If Marta was manipulating dad somehow, if we found out that she had
111) 8) dialog: Gotten her hooks into him Somehow or something
111) 15) dialog: Like OJ Like OJ, yes. But Harlan committed suicide. 79. All eyes turn to Blanc, who this whole time has been sitt in a chair by the fire, lost in thought.
111) 23) dialog: She knows it's what she should do, it's the right We've gotta make her do the thing to do. right thing. Meg rounds on her mom, speaks quietly, in tears.
120) 0) text: Dim and dingy. Marta comes out of their apartment door, then jump, startled - at the end of the hall, lurking: Walt.
120) 2) dialog: Hey. They're not sure what to do so they awkwardly hug. Marta still has the envelopes in her hands. WALT (cont'd) How you doing?
120) 3) dialog: Well. Walt I want you to know I didn't know about any of this. This is I know you didn't, we all went kinda crazy yesterday
120) 7) dialog: it isn't from us. Maybe just local lawyers and accountants who saw the news and want to jump on it, I'd be careful of it all. One envelope sticks out - a blank plain letter sized envelope, no postage, no return address. WALT (cont'd) Marta. Is it your intention to renounce the inheritance?
120) 9) dialog: Well. Harlan has put you in a very hard position here. It was unfair of him. Walt's hand on his cane. Gripping tight. WALT (cont'd) You see what this kicks up with the press and the scrutiny, and we know... with your mother...
120) 11) dialog: This isn't about who - you're missing the point, we're not attacking you with this. (MORE )
120) 12) text: WALT (cont'd) Marta if your mom came here illegally, criminally, if you come into this inheritance with the scrutiny that entails I'd be afraid that could come to light. That's what we're all trying to avoid here. We can protect you from that happening, or if it happens.
120) 14) dialog: Yes. The right lawyers, none of those local guys but New York lawyers, DC lawyers, enough resources put towards it, yes. But there's no need it should ever even come up. But yes.
120) 16) dialog: Ok?
120) 18) dialog: Marta. He shuffles towards her. For the first time she feels a hint of physical threat, and backs up quick into her apartment. WALT (cont'd) You better be sure you want to - She slams the door
147) 0) text: Marta and Blanc enter. This really feels like a walk towards the gallows. Richard, Walt and Meg are there. Meg avoids eye contact with Marta.
147) 2) dialog: She's standing right there Richard she can speak for herself -
147) 4) dialog: In the living room. I think maybe, if we could... Blanc beckons, and Richard and Walt file out. On her way out Meg hugs Marta, weeping.
149) 3) dialog: What?
189) 0) text: Linda comes outside and joins the family. Several more police cars, and an ambulance. Ransom is loaded into the cop car. His family are held at bay by officers, but they react in different ways - Richard yelling at the cops. Walt sobbing, Donna collapse against him, Jacob on his phone. Joni staring into space, ruined. Meg talking to Lieutenan Elliott, crying. She's just learned about Fran. Linda watches the circus, strangely disconnected, going t light a cigarette. With a strange smirk, she uses the fla to warm the blank note from the office, and HIDDEN WRITIN starts to appear - a note from her father. Their secret communication. As the letters appear, her face changes.