3) 5) dialog: You have a nice family. The Man slowly unscrews the silencer from the .45. Mike i . to freak, thinking the worst. But the man shakes his he \. placing the silencer on the desk as well. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) They're fine. Alive. Asleep.
3) 7) dialog: If I was gonna kill you, I'd have done it when you walked to your car this morning, and been gone by the time your body hit the sidewalk. But, right now all you can think about is your family. And that is making yeu desperate. Desperate men do stupid hings. Without the suppressor, this weapon will sound like a Howitzer going off in here. And... I don’t leave witnesses. MIKE . . I understand what you’re implying. L AGENT er hn : ke I'm not im ing am ing. If you make me kill you, Bike, you won’t go alone. Sit! Then You are looking for someone. A killer. A professional assassin... EXT. SHANTY TOWN ~ NIGER -— DAY
3) 9) dialog: t ey, are beyond hem dead. The Rover rattles to a stop at a heavy iron gate: the onl entrance through a thirty-foot high, pockmarked concrete Four men with Kalashnikovs approach the SUV and peer insi of the men each hold massive hyenas on thick chains which and scratch at the Rover's doors. Another guard leans in iver. After a few moments, the guard waves the others aside and heavy gate slowly grinds open, allowing the Rover to pass AGENT 47 (V.0.) (cowr’D) They go to extraordinary lengths to try and protect themselves. Inside, the Rover crosses an empty, forty-foot kill zone another gated wall, a camera mounted above it. After a be gate slides open as well.
3) 10) dialog: But no matter how hard they try, and they do try, no one can hide forever.
4) 0) text: Inside the second wall lies another world. Lush green lan surrounds a beautiful villa. The Rover continues up a paved drive leading to the huge A four-barreled, Russian-made 27mm. anti-aircraft gun tra vehicle as it pulls up to the sweeping marble steps. A small platoon of Kalashnikov toting, Hyena wielding men the vehicle. Two porters in white uniforms run down the s open the truck's doors. AGENT 47 Ws0r} Not from the man you're looking for. Four more heavily armed men climb out_of the truck. Two o walk around to the back, open the tailgate, and yank a ga stripped-—to-his-—underwear, and hog-tied man onto the gr
4) 1) dialog: But still they try...
5) 1) dialog: They lock themselves away behind steel doors. At an open door they stop. One of the men, the leader, co
6) 1) dialog: Behind legions of well armed guards. He walks directly to a heavily muscled black man dying on in the shade of a cabana, eating hungrily from a skewer o meat. This is BWANA OVIE. His pet, a feral Hyena, paces a end of a heavy chain near him. wie tosses it the remnants skewer. AGENT 47 (¥-0.) (CONT'D) hey control governments. les. Sophisticated intelligence networks. The soldier leans down and whispers something to Ovie. Ov up at him, and smiles.
6) 2) dialog: All in a desperate effort to prolong the inevitable.
7) 1) dialog: But there is one thing they can never hide from, no matter how hard ey try.
8) 1) dialog: Themselves. As Ovie sharpens the machete, the other men, with practis precision, buckle a well used black leather harness aroun risoner’s shoulders. They then HOIST the man up and HANG arness on a meat hook. Machete in hand, Ovie moves toward the man, staring up at The man freaks, writhing about uselessly like a fish on a his incomprehensible screams muffled by the gag.
9) 0) text: Agent 47 stares out across the dilapidated city at Ovie’s in the distance, his face devoid of emotion. He holds a device in his hand with a black whip antenna p from it. He twists the dials on the device.
9) 1) dialog: There are any number of ways to kill a man. In 47's ear is a tiny receiver. As he calibrates the devi man's muffled screaming becomes audible, then gives way t voice. 47 squints, listening.
10) 1) dialog: Some, more brutal than others. The man clutches at the stump of his arm, which has been in a dirty towel.
10) 4) dialog: But to someone like me, the only thing that matters is the result.
16) 3) dialog: Certainty of that result, however, can be somewhat more complicated. The soldiers try to put out the fire searing Ovie’s flesh
18) 1) dialog: Man is a resilient species, capable of surviving a lot. A hapless porter runs to open the door to the Rover for t one of the soldiers kicks him out of the way. They drag O body into the truck. EXT. SHANTY TOWN - STREETS — DAY The Rover blasts through town, careening off of cars, sen pedestrians diving for cover, hell bent’ for somewhere.
19) 1) dialog: So you have to be smart. As they reach the doors to the hospital, one of the men P . another patient off of a gurney to make room for Ovie, \ gently set down and PUSH inside.
20) 1) dialog: You have to be patient. The nurse yells as several orderlies grab the gurney push into a third-world triage room.
21) 0) text: The soldiers follow them. A nurse shouts at them. AGENT 47 (V.0O.) a Often, success does not come from finding a way to get to the target... She then CLOSES the curtain and turns toward the doctor, to us, checking Ovie'’s wounds.
21) 2) dialog: But in finding a way to bring the target to you. -- It is Agent 47, wearing a doctor's white coat over his suit. He moves toward Ovie, a small insulin syringe in hi 47 plunges the small syringe into Ovie’s neck. CU: SYRINGE - The plunger drops. Ovie looks at the empty syringe, then up at the “doctor”, him. Ovie’s eyes close. Agent 47 nods at Ovie’s soldiers. It’s going tebe alright ief. eaves the room. soldiers sigh a collective feeling of re
24) 1) dialog: Other situations, however, can require a more direct approach... Like this one. But the end result is always the same. A beat as the two men look at each other. , AGENT 47 (CONT’D) How is Jenkins? MIKE ; He’ll never play tennis again. 47 nods.
24) 2) dialog: I want to tell you a story. You can fill in the blanks with what you already know.
29) 9) dialog: Got 14. He fires the Glock above their heads. They all get it and stampede from the room. The Glock, its last shell spent, open. 47 simply drops it. He then tears the leather mask from the terrified slave, him away, and dons the mask. Looking every bit the part, 47 rushes from the room, cove masked head in fear as more guards push their way in.
32) 0) text: To Agent 47, sitting at the bar, sipping an expensive Sco We PAN ALONG the bar and DOLLIE toward a woman. Pretty, t working through architectural photos and taking notes. Sh up, noticing 47, stares a moment, then returns to her wor ANGLE ON 47, who feels the look. His hand nonchalantly sl into his coat, not taking his eyes off the Scotch.
32) 3) dialog: The Bowmore is better?
32) 5) dialog: I like it cold. She smiles again and does a strange thing. She reaches in glass and pulls out most of the ice with her hand.
32) 8) dialog: -- I’m sorry. I have to go. He stands. She looks like he just shot her in the stomach probably be less painful if he had.
32) 10) dialog: (Quick beat) Thanks for the advice. About the Scotch. No... And with that he walks out of the bar, leaving a very unh behind. She sighs, and drinks his scotch.
36) 6) dialog: I’ve planned something more... subtle. The white cursor seems to pause again, blinking, then-~
36) 8) dialog: I've made preparations.
36) 10) dialog: Yes.
52) 2) text: Negative. Not Budapest. St. Petersburg. AGENT 47 . Highly unlikely. How reliable are your sources.
52) 6) dialog: Yes. What about the Glasgow assignment?
65) 1) dialog: You set me up. His words are transformed into type. A moment passes.
65) 3) dialog: The girl was there. But she was no witness. She'd never seen me before. And then an operative tried to kill me. A sniper. One of your snipers...
65) 5) dialog: Is Belicoff alive? 34.
65) 9) dialog: Is there a paper on me? Blink, blink. AGENT 47 (CONT‘D) Angwer me! Is there an open contract on me
65) 11) dialog: You had better be_sure. Because if you are lying, whatever else happens I will find you, and I will burn that building to the ground around you. Blink, blink.
65) 12) dialog: Who was the client? __ DIANA ; . I cannot give you that information.
65) 13) dialog: Who was the client? A long moment passes as the cursor blinks. Suddenly, his hotel phone rings. Startled, 47 swings the around, aiming at the phone. He stares as it rings again. lays the .45 on the desk and moves to it. It continues to ring. 47 hesitates, then lifts the receiv AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Hello. A strong, but sexy, British female is on the other end.
65) 15) dialog: How did you know where to contact me?
78) 0) text: 47, still dripping, walks into the store. His coat under wrapped around the appropriated assault rifle and weapons four salesman clustered around stare at him, noses wrinkl AGENT 47 . I need a suit. And I need it tailored before I leave. SALESMAN #1 . I’m sorry, sir, we have a three week wait for all tailoring.
79) 1) dialog: Black.
79) 3) dialog: ~- Black.
79) 6) dialog: How'd you like to make a couple of thousand dollars? U.S.
79) 8) dialog: I need to find a girl.
79) 10) dialog: Someone specific. Blond, pink streaked hair. Sexy. Small dragon tattoo on her cheek bone. She has expensive tastes. You have friends, call around the other shops. I‘ll make it ten thousand if you find her in the next two hours. I just need a name. SWISHY SALESMAN _ . Ten thousand?!? You’re not going to kill her are you?
79) 11) dialog: Do I look like the kind of guy who'd kill someone?
80) 0) text: Mike sits at the desk thinking. Someone knocks at the doo opens it. Jenkins stands there. JENKINS ; . Someone would like a word with you, sir. The FSB. In the hallway three men wait, calmly. They look like 50’ Soviet KGB guys, just in nicer suits. The biggest one, CH AGENT YURI MARKLOV smiles at Mike, like he has all the ti world. Mike sighs.
81) 3) dialog: This her? Showing him the picture he’s been working on.
81) 5) dialog: You have a name?
81) 9) dialog: Close enough. . (Hands him a wad of cash) Give me your shades. Even though it is night, Swishy is wearing these cool bla shades. Swishy doesn’t even think about it, just hands th AGENT 47 (CONT’D) . Where can I buy some flowers? Expensive. Swishy starts to tell him, then stops.
82) 2) dialog: Ms. Sytrovski. I have a delivery. _ DESK GUY . Just leave it with me. I'll sign.
82) 3) dialog: No, I need to deliver them personally. For her boyfriend.
82) 5) dialog: That's two grand.
83) 4) dialog: Mr. Belicoff sent them. She thinks about it and sighs.
84) 1) dialog: (Quietly) Who else is inside? She can’t speak, her air cut off by his vise-like grip. E with fear she just shakes her head. 47 glances around the jam and surveys the room. Satisfied relaxes his grip, slightly.
84) 2) dialog: You are coming with me. Make a sound, I'll end your life. Understand? No second chance.
84) 4) dialog: Then I’11 shoot you in the knee-caps and drag you out.
86) 4) dialog: Get in. She looks at him. He looks at the open trunk. NIKA oo, Fuck youl I’m not getting in there. . AGENT _ 47 . Bleeding or not. Either way, you go in.
89) 2) dialog: (Thinks a beat) Probably. 50.
89) 4) dialog: Because if you don‘t, I will hurt you.
89) 6) dialog: No... But I will be the last.
89) 9) dialog: I’m not going to rape you.
89) 11) dialog: I want to ask you some questions.
89) 14) dialog: That one’s free. You're a prostitute?
89) 16) dialog: Pretty high class for a whore. 51.
89) 18) dialog: Before today, on the street, have you ever seen me before? She shakes her head, no. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Why were you there?
89) 20) dialog: Belicoff? She is beginning to realize this is not some simple kidna
89) 22) dialog: Better than he knows himself. Men like Belicoff don't have girlfriends. They have oys. NIKA . Okay. I’m his a cum receptacle. But it beats the alternative.
89) 23) dialog: How is it after taking a bullet in the head yesterday, he was able to give a speech oday She shrugs, not knowing what to say.
89) 24) dialog: Then you're of no use to me. He lifts his .45. She thinks quickly.
89) 26) dialog: My guess is he already knows. The cameras in the lebby of your apartment. Now she really is frightened. Desperate. She is out of op
89) 28) dialog: Multiple personalities...?
89) 30) dialog: Why do you think that?
89) 33) dialog: Because... He then shakes his head, doesn’t matter. She shrugs. AGENT 47 (CONT‘D) Tell me about Udre Belicoff.
89) 35) dialog: That‘s it? She’s told him all she knows.
89) 37) dialog: The honeymoon suite. (Then gently, but serious) Close your eyes. She does. He lifts the silenced .45 to the back of her he single mascara stained tear rolls down her face. 47 looks at himself in the large mirror on the wall above Her in front of him, eyes closed, teeth clenched. Waiting bullet. Which doesn’t come. AGENT 47 (CONT‘D) Get up.
89) 39) dialog: You're coming with me.
89) 42) dialog: A .22 caliber Makarov, with an integral silencer. Used to be a favored weapon with the KGB. Not much use for protection, but exceptionally good for killing, especially if you aim for the soft spots, like your eye. Your driver was going to use it on you.
89) 44) dialog: You‘re my only connection to Belicoff. And because I need to get out of St. Petersburg and every oop in the city is looking for me right now. ut they aren’t looking for us.
93) 3) dialog: Don’t move until I tell you. He hands her a fifth of vodka then moves away from the ca window rolls up. INT. MEZZANINE - ST. PETERSBURG RAIL STATION — LATER HIGH ANGLE beneath the huge dome, below the open expanse ancient station, ass-packed with travellers. Mike stands one side, searching.
98) 1) dialog: (Quietly) Shhh. Sto} ony Who hired yo you bo kill me? Was it Belicoff? The Clown is silent. 47 thinks about shooting him again. he peels up the mask. The two men look at each other a moment, then the man spi something at him. 47 moves, the thing missing him. 47 loo the ground. He realizes the man just bit out his own tong \ ANGLE ON 47 drops the man to the ground. The man smiles * blood pouring from his mouth, and pulls the Clown mask 47 stands over him, gun outstretched. Suddenly, 47 pulls his other .45 and leans out of the tra as Nika steps out.
99) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
99) 4) dialog: Wait... You said you followed him? She nods, smiling, but 47 quickly pushes her against the wall of the train, and places his finger to her lips. He his back to the metal. “Waiting. Jenkins, gun first, comes around the train. 47 grabs the guny twisting it up, and places his .45 in t at Jenkins’ elbow. Pfffti denkins screams. 60. 47, still in motion, yanks Jenkins forward, grabbing him behind, and wrapping his arm around his neck,.45 to his h turns as we HEAR gravel crunch.
99) 9) dialog: She just saved your life. 47 bends down to him, thinking, staring into Mike’s eyes. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) You’re the one who’s been tracking me. You’re smart. You almost had me. Maybe next time. Mike doesn’t understand why 47 doesn’t kill him. But he d 47 moves back to the Clown, who stares at him through the open door. 47 is not happy. Nika starts to say something, but 47 holds up his finger, She decides not speaking is an excellent idea.
99) 10) dialog: Take off your coat.
99) 12) dialog: Take off your coat. He turns her_so he can pull off her coat. As she faces th direction, 47 fires three silenced shots, up the train st the clown’s head. 61. Nika turns to look at him as the shell casings BOUNCE and down to her feet. She looks at them, confused.
99) 13) dialog: Let's go. Now! She hugs herself, cold in an outfit more skin than dress. moving. 47 grabs her by the hand and yanks her along behi
100) 2) dialog: She has no ticket. The three Thugs now stare at her. She is hot and not wear much. They smile at each other, lowering their weapons.
100) 5) dialog: Very well. He slings her roughly to them, or’into them actually.
100) 7) dialog: Be quiet. 47 snatches the blade from the falling man before he even ground. He wipes it on the man’s uniform and holsters his He then takes a silenced UMP, several clips, and wraps th coat. He then grabs her hand.
100) 10) dialog: Those men weren’t cops. They were FSB. And for what purpose do you think they would need suppressors on their weapons? She thinks about that as he pulls her down the steps.
104) 1) dialog: Don't be dramatic. Looking around, he helps her out. . NIKA . Dramatic! I've been in there for hours.
104) 2) dialog: I brought you breakfast. He moves to the front as she stands there, cursing in Rus
105) 2) dialog: At least I got rid of the body.
105) 4) dialog: We have to talk about something. Look at me.
105) 6) dialog: Look at me. She stops eating and does.
105) 7) dialog: Back there, at the train station. You almost got me killed. I plan, I calculate, then I do not deviate. You are a random equation in my calculations. I can’t allow that.
105) 9) dialog: I’m sure you are. ‘ She now notices the weapon he is holding in his lap. Sh becomes very afraid. _ NIKA_ | . Are you going to kill me? I swear it will -
105) 10) dialog: -- Stop talking. He looks down at the gun in his lap. Lifts it.
105) 11) dialog: I’ve thought a lot about it. The entire drive. I know I should. Right now. Staring at the gun, she unconsciously braces herself agai door. “Not trying to run. Just waiting. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Give me a reason not to. She thinks about it. After a moment-~
105) 16) dialog: You made your choice to do what you do.
105) 19) dialog: No.
105) 22) dialog: No.
105) 27) dialog: Eat your sandwich. I need to get some sleep. She takes his hand.
105) 29) dialog: I burn them off. With a slow acting acid. e He takes back his hand. She doesn’t know what to say to leans the seat back, putting on his shades. AGENT 47 (CONT‘D) Wake me in two hours.
105) 31) dialog: 
105) 36) dialog: 
105) 39) dialog: ~~ Nika.
105) 41) dialog: Quit talking, I need to get some sleep... Or you’re going back in the trunk. He's not kidding. But she smiles anyway. INT. FSB BUILDING — DAY Yuri strides up the wide stairwell. We move with him as h a large office. INT. LARGE OFFICE ~— DAY It is stacked with FSB agents. Too many even for an offic size, Yuri walks to a secretary. He sticks out his hand. oung woman places a stack of P one memos into it. He smil er. WNervously she smiles back. A suited agent moves to h
105) 42) dialog: Pardon me, Chief Agent. Will you be returning to Moscow soon?
105) 44) dialog: Colonel Gurnesky would like to know when he may have his office back. YURI . . . . Tell him when I am through pissing in it.
106) 0) text: Yuri rifles through the messages, hanging up his overcoat men sit around the office reading through the boxes of fi YURI (CONT’D Well that was a royal fuck mess. The three agents look at him. YURI (coer Dh Did you dispose of the soldier's body? YURI‘S GUY #1 Yes. Cremated, sir.
118) 1) dialog: That would be your problem. Not mine. e@ INT. DINER - 77.
118) 4) dialog: I‘m not in the trusting mood. What is the Agency’s position on me? SMITH . Officially, the Agency never had a position on you. beat) ; But unofficially, I think they're waiting to see this thing shakes down, The usually like to be on the side of whoever wins.
118) 5) dialog: And Belicoff?
118) 7) dialog: He should. I killed him a week ago. 47 to say something else.
118) 8) dialog: I have a proposition for you. Take the envelope from the girl. Smith reaches out and takes the manila envelope from unde girl's hand. He smiles at He opens it and pulls out a picture.
118) 10) dialog: Unlike us. Rumor is the CIA would like him to vanish. Why?
118) 14) dialog: Meaning Belicoff. What if I could help you make him disappear? Then he gets it. Smiles. Nika looks at him curiously.
118) 16) dialog: You don’t have to. Do we have a deal?
118) 18) dialog: My normal rate. And a small favor.
118) 20) dialog: Reach under your seat. Smith reaches under his seat and pulls out a large envelo
118) 21) dialog: Open it. Smith opens it and starts to flip through the pages, his quickly fades.
118) 23) dialog: If you think it’s a detailed account on eve: job I’ve ever taken from you, then ou’ @ right. Look at the last page. hat’s the favor. Smith does. He reads, then looks out the window, trying t where 47 could be, though he knows that’s impossible.
119) 1) dialog: I am asking. Just in my own way. You can keep that copy, I have another. Give the girl back the phone. Wait fifteen minutes after she’s gone. 1‘11 be in touch. SMITH . Hey... I’m happy you’re still alive.
122) 2) dialog: Some. 80. e nx . Ir You know, you could sleep in the bed. won't bite you... She lights the cigarette, then exhales smoke, smiling. NIKA (CONT’D) Unless you pay me. He turns to look at her.
122) 4) dialog: There’s coffee on the table. She slides out of bed, unconcerned with her nakedness. 47 his eyes. She pours herself a cup of coffee, smiling.
122) 6) dialog: Some of them. She moves out on the balcony. 47 glances at her, standing leaning over the balcony. e@ NIKA God this is beautiful. I read in the guide this is the world’s second oldest city.
122) 7) dialog: Perhaps you should... He sees her from behind. Dozens of white scars horizontal cross her ass, all fighting for room.
122) 11) dialog: I have to go out. She sticks her head out, now wrapped in a towel.
122) 13) dialog: What time? 47 glances up. She's still looking at him. He nods to her “okay”. She smiles, happy. He closes his eyes.
122) 14) dialog: (Into phone) Hold on. _ (Mutes it, then to her) One thing. You can’t stay with me much longer. I'll give you some money, but that’s it. You_can’t be part of my life. I'ma killer. I am not your savior. She nods, stepping back into the bathroom.
123) 1) dialog: Are we clear?
123) 4) dialog: Get dressed. (Un~mutes, then into cell) What does he drink?
124) 1) dialog: This place looks nice, don’t you think?
124) 3) dialog: Dinner. She smiles at him and nods. 82.
124) 4) dialog: Wait here. Her smile fades as 47 walks into the nice restaurant. Nik to see him inside, through the window. No luck.
125) 2) dialog: If we're going to eat here, we need to buy you a new dress.
129) 1) dialog: Well, unfortunately, that really doesn’t help me. 83.
129) 3) dialog: You look nice. She walks over to the dresser and lights a cigarette. NIRA. Nice. Nice is an adjective Americans use when they can’t figure out what to say.
129) 4) dialog: You look very nice. She smiles again and moves directly in front of him.
129) 7) dialog: Do you really think these are necessary? NIKA . America has robbed women of their femininity. After a bit of fumbling, he has the first one done. He li dress to get to the other side.
130) 1) dialog: I got us another. A Latour ‘91. 84.
130) 3) dialog: Excuse me. I think you have the wrong table. I ordered a Bowmore.
130) 5) dialog: Yes. This is Johnny Walker Blue. I believe it belongs to that gentleman over there. Table 26. The Sommelier motions the waiter along. The waiter takes drink to the German man seated at table 26. He is surroun body guards. The German takes the glass, sipping.
130) 7) dialog: I saw the table layout when I made our reservation.
130) 9) dialog: I have an eidetic memory. I remember everything I see.
130) 11) dialog: I’m not sure ~-
130) 14) dialog: There’s no girl at that table. Two men, wey and probably on their second date. he younger, who is eating with his left hand, has been to the restroom three times in the last hour, to keep his coke buzz going. 85.
130) 16) dialog: You aren't wearing any underwear. They stare at each other a moment. He gently takes back h She chews slightly on her lip. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) (To a waiter) The dessert menu, please. We PAN TO the German man, PRICE, with the Scotch. He is h stomach problems. He holds himself. They intensify. He se unable to control his bowels. He excuses himself, followed by three thugs, moving to th restroom. We PAN to 47, who stands.
130) 17) dialog: Ask for the check.
130) 19) dialog: Then hurry.
134) 1) dialog: It’s time to go.
134) 3) dialog: Now! She is obviously irritated and a little drunk, but allows pull her out to the car, waiting at the curb.
135) 3) dialog: Nika... You're drunk.
135) 5) dialog: And this is a very bad idea.
135) 7) dialog: Yes, that.
135) 9) dialog: And that. She leans in, kissing him. He kisses her back. For a mome they aren‘t a hitman and a whore, they are just a couple. lifts his hands to her breasts. He’s about to give in, bu catches himself. She leans back, smiling at him. And pulls down her dress, exposing her breasts.
136) 1) dialog: I‘m here to see Mr. Belicoff. He's a guest. Nervously she points to a group of Russian Gangster types lounging by the elevator. 47 moves to the men as they lift themselves from the couc bulk of the submachine-guns beneath their coats obvious. AGENT 47 (CONT'D) ; I have an appointment with Mr. Belicoff. My name is Price. \ One gangster speaks Russian into his earpiece, then...
136) 3) dialog: Yes, well I was attacked tonight. Several of my men were killed. Tomorrow I plan to be safely back in Luxemburg. . furning to leave) Give Mr. Belicoff my apologies. wait! RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1 ait: The Russian speaks quickly into the mike. A heated exchan follows. Then... RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1 (CONT‘D) What is Udre’s cat’s name?
136) 4) dialog: He doesn’t have a cat. He did have a dog, Stalin, a wolfhound, until it bit him. And he ate it. Satisfied that this is indeed Price he nods toward the el 47 moves toward it, followed by two guards.
137) 1) dialog: There is no need -—
138) 1) dialog: I was attacked tonight. Common sense dictated -- . Udre drops onto the couch.
138) 3) dialog: I apologize. I have the down payment. Do you have the sample?
138) 9) dialog: No. I want to conduct our business.
138) 12) dialog: The Uranium... Udre removes his shirt. He is well built and tatted. He t the whip. The girl in the chains pleads. ; AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Sir, we have business.
138) 14) dialog: (Stands, calculating) Perhaps I will come back tomorrow.
138) 16) dialog: Then let’s conduct our business in private. Yes private! I have an idea. He motions and his men bring the crying girl down, draggi toward the bedroom. y , UDRE (CONT’D We will both take turns fucking the girl. You_will watch while I fuck her, then I will watch while you fuck her. ‘Then, when we are done, maybe I will fuck you. Yes?
138) 17) dialog: I don’t think so. Udre holds out his hand. A big and nasty, stainless 500 M Smith & Wesson revolver is tossed to him.
139) 2) dialog: Yes of course. CU - HIDDEN in 47's HAND, is a length of nylon cord. ANGLE ON 47 who turns, holding his hands in front of him. AGENT 47 (cont ’D) Before we get started, I was hoping you help me with your brother.
139) 4) dialog: Make a sound and I’1l snap your neck. The girl's eyes are wide with fear. But not as wide as Ud 47, behind Udre, drags him out onto the balcony. Udre dig cord, unable to breathe. EXT. BALCONY - PENTHOUSE BEDROOM ~— NIGHT
139) 5) dialog: Stop moving. That’s why the proper way is to wrap it twice. You’ll just pull it tighter. 47 SMACKS Udre’s face into the railing.
139) 7) dialog: Okay. 47 hauls Udre over the balcony, hanging him by his neck. grasps backwards at the railing, glancing below. At the B and certain death.
139) 9) dialog: You know, of all the men I‘ve killed, for the first time, I'll enjoy it.
139) 11) dialog: Just this... And he pushes Udre from the balcony. We TRACK OVER THE RA Udre falls. And far below, he dies. ANGLE ON 47 as he grabs his coat and walks back to us. Gr the rail above he pulls himself up. 47 glances through th door, at the tied girl, still staring at him. He shakes it off and continues upward, disappearing. A mo passes. Then 47 drops back onto the balcony.
139) 12) dialog: (Sighs, to himself) What has that woman done to me?
141) 1) dialog: Take the money. Go home. The girls do, grateful. Sad Girl kisses him on the cheek. floor, the elevator stops. DING. Opens. A Middle-age tour couple looks at the scene in the elevator, which must be sight. 47 stares at them.
144) 1) dialog: Shhh. She points. We PAN with her hand, It is the real Price, f restaurant, very dead, lying on the sofa.
147) 2) dialog: I am listening, but I already read those. She sighs, and flips through a magazine.
147) 4) dialog: For the advertisements. . She stops on an add for a very nice watch. She looks ov realizing 47 is wearing the same watch.
147) 7) dialog: Very nice.
147) 11) dialog: Nika...
149) 6) dialog: Nika... She smiles. The opens her eyes. AGENT 47 (cont ’D) Nika... You and I have to split up. She looks up at him for a beat, sad. She slowly nods, tea running down her cheeks. NIKA ; So much for happy endings... It was a nice fantasy.
149) 9) dialog: Because, Nika... Belicoff needs to die... For what he did... To you. 100.
149) 11) dialog: But, I do. She looks up at him. He turns his face from the window. S moves up to him, kissing him. Things begin to heat up whe suddenly he sits up.
150) 2) dialog: That Interpol Detective knows me better than I had thought... 47 writes on a small piece of paper. a ACENT 47 (CONT'D) This is a secure e-mail server. Contact me in one week. She nods, tears flowing down her face. He hands her a duf AGENT 47 (eonr’D Take this money. One week. nderstand? I’ll find you. Go to the rear of the train and get off as soon as it stops. Move with the crowd. And stay out of Russia. She hugs him, holding tightly. He kisses her on the foreh then pushes her toward the door. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Go! And stay down!
150) 5) dialog: What I do. And he closes the door on her. He turns, opening up the s and pulling out weapons. EXT. TRAIN (MOVING) - ROOF ~— DAY The helicopters hover above the moving train, ropes dangl them. Russian SWAT begin fast-roping from the helicopters least a dozen men, wearing body armor and armed with auto weapons.
180) 3) dialog: Touch your weapon I‘ll shoot you in the stomach. Understand? INT. YURI’S LIMOUSINE — PARKING LOT - MORNING
180) 4) dialog: Put out your hands. Yuri does. 47 cable ties them. He retrieves the weapons a Yuri‘s radio.
180) 6) dialog: You’re going to help me. 47 pulls out a small syringe. He depresses it, squirting of it into the air. He hands it to Yuri. AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Put that in your arm. YURI ; You are out of your mind. AGENT 47 . Either that goes in, or something a good deal more permanent. 47 moves the tip of the barrel, lower. Yuri injects himse AGENT 47 (CONT’D) Sit back, we‘ll be there in a moment.
192) 1) dialog: Look down. Yuri does. C-4 is taped all around his torso. A lot. . AGENT 47 (CONT'D) . That is C-4. About forty pounds of it. Much more than is necessary but I know your fondness for overly dramatic theatrics. When it detonates, it will not only liquefy your torge, et level this entire building. ea The C-4 is rigged to a cell phone. At. exactly 1:15, that radio in your hand is programmed to activate. It will remain active for only 15 seconds. You have ten seconds to help me. If you don’t, I will detonate the C-4 and you along with it.
192) 3) dialog: I disagree.
193) 2) dialog: This is not a request. The situation is fixed, and you know both possible outcomes. Live or die. Your choice. _ (Standing) . Here is something to keep things in perspective. I picked it up last night while I was in your home. If you care so little for yourself... 47 places the picture of a college age girl on the table, a large analog clock.
193) 4) dialog: At one fifteen, you will have fifteen seconds. (He_moves_to the door) And yell all you like, we are miles from where anyone can hear.
203) 3) dialog: Consistently. 47 adjusts his jacket, to cover the blood splatter from t soldiers.
203) 5) dialog: Show me your arm.
203) 7) dialog: To satisfy my own curiosity. Belicoff unties the robe. He slowly lowers one side. When does, we can see the welt of scars and skin-grafts below
203) 8) dialog: No scar on your arm...
203) 10) dialog: But then you tried to kill me. And you forced the people I worked for to abandon me. You placed me into an impossible situation. BELICOFF . Do you have any idea of the pain I endured to look like Mikhail? The others were fine, but I_got an infection under the steel facial structure. The skin-grafts never completely healed. I am in constant agony. Not to mention the excruciating ache I endured spending time with his dilettante wife and whining children. Of course, I found ways to divert my attention. But then Mikhail decided that perhaps returning to the old ways was not such a good idea. Support within the party was waning. They removed my face for the cause and” then he decides to become an idealist? I think not.
203) 11) dialog: If you had just left me alone, you could very well be sitting in the Kremlin this time next year.
203) 13) dialog: The door is steel. We have a few moments.
209) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t dream of it.
209) 6) dialog: Almost... INT. MAIN ROOM — DAY They lead 47, in cuffs, through the main floor, through a RusSian soldiers, who just stare in confusion.
214) 3) dialog: I want to be left alone. 125.
214) 5) dialog: Yes. Just like that. 47 stands. Pulls the blanket off the mound on the floor. Underneath is a man. We recognize him as the man 47 spoke Diana about on the train from St. Petersburg. But he is d in a black suit with a red tie. And his head has been sha . AGENT 47 (CONT‘D) . That is the man you have been looking for. Seems besides drug running and kidnapping, he has also been assassinating people al. over Europe.
214) 7) dialog: Yes you do. I‘m finished. More accurately I never existed. This is the man you have been searching for. The man who killed so many.
214) 9) dialog: Ballistics will confirm he was shot by your weapon. The magazine is in the night’ stand next to your bed. Don’t forget it before you call your superiors. Then) He broke into your house. And you were. forced to defend yourself. He died. Right here on your rug. You're a hero.
214) 11) dialog: It's five. If you wait a few hours, until the girls ge to school, then you won't have to expose them to this. And it explains | why you waited so long before you called it in.
214) 13) dialog: I truly hope you can. Because the | assassin, the hitman, is dead. Finished. It’s time we both move on. Let the dead stay dead. For both our sakes. And for your family’s. (Opens the door) Goodbye Michael. I hope I never see you again.