36) 0) text: 47, now dressed in slacks, stands in front of the project images. There must be hundreds of hours on the laptop's h drive. Right now, what appears to be a home movie is play 47 watches as the man plays with his two children at a bi party. The man seems detached. A woman appears, smiles at man and takes the boy with a wink. As she leaves the man’ fades, the detachment returning. 47 hits pause on the tiny remote in his hand. The image f 47 hits the zoom and the man's face grows to a MEDIUM CLO 47 moves to the image, looking into the man’s life-sized stares a moment, then reaches out and touches him. CHIME! 47 looks right. Another CHIME comes from the open CU - LAPTOP SCREEN. A black window has opened,on the desk Words appear: “ABecept Connection?” 47 clicks accept. ‘Th “Connecting to secure network.” And “Decrypting.” Almost like a DOS prompt, this seems very low tech consid what we've seen. n fact, it is the opposite, micro-burst, encrypted info-packets from a satellite. 47 sits down on the bed and takes a magazine from the pil one an Italian GQ. He thumbs through it, glancing at the The familiar fleur-de-lis logo appears, ghosted in the ba Then, more text. It is DIANA, his contact, although he ha evidence that she is actually female.
36) 1) dialog: {No dialogue, just text) | Budapest job confirmed. The monies have been wired to your account. The blinking white cursor seems to pause for a moment the
36) 3) dialog: Nice work, 47. He continues to flip through the magazine.
36) 4) text: We appreciate you breaking your normal protocol and accepting the new assignment so close to the last. 18. 47 comes across an ad in the magazine for a hand-built pi wheeled, carbon-fiber luggage. “The caption reads, “What get the man who has everything?” The price tag, “20,000 p DIANA (CONT’D) Regrettably, the target date has been moved up. At the client’s request. And... 47 tears the ad from the magazine, placing it in a stack others.
36) 5) dialog: The client wishes it to be public. 47 looks up. He speaks. His words transform into text on \ Screen.
36) 7) dialog: We apologize for any inconvenience. At 1700 hours, GMT, the subject will be attending a business luncheon. Several hundred supporters are expected to attend. This is the location the client desires. Do you accept the new parameters?
36) 9) dialog: Again we apologize. Mikhail Belicoff is gaining support in his quest to reestablish a Marxist regime in his country. His ideals verge on fascism. The Client needs it to be public. (Beat Do you accept? 47 thinks about it a moment.
36) 11) dialog: The specifics are being uploaded. And the logo disappears. The words, “Connection Terminate 19. 47 sighs. He lifts the .45 off the desk and moves to the small device is attached to the middle of the door, waist Small wires run to either side of the jam. 47 touches a switch on the device. The LED changes from r green. He unhooks the wire and, placing the gun behind hi unlocks and opens the door.
52) 1) dialog: (Text only) We have a problem. (a Secneaied ext on Yes? ¥ @ DIANA ; There was a witness. A prostitute observed the transaction. Interpol is looking for her now. Must handle immediately. . AGENT 47 ; Not possible, The Budapest authorities should already have a suspect in custody.
52) 3) dialog: Impeccable. As always. The cursor blinks. 47 is not happy. He doesn’t make mista
52) 5) dialog: Frightened. Hiding. Has arranged a pickup by Interpol. Tomorrow A.M. Will you intercept? 47 thinks about it a nanosecond, then... 27.
52) 7) dialog: It will have to wait. Uploading data. We PUSH into an unhappy CU of 47 in the tiny rest room’s
65) 2) dialog: (Text) I do not understand. Was the target not at the location?
65) 4) dialog: Please wait.
65) 6) dialog: Yes. That is unfortunate. We will be unable to transmit payment for the task as the job was not completed --
65) 8) dialog: X do not understand.
65) 10) dialog: We have no contract on you.
65) 14) text: It is Diana. This is a very odd moment for both of them. 35.
65) 16) dialog: I could be retired for breaking protocol and contacting you directly. But I have a certain fondness for you, 47. Your location has been compromised... eat The cliests ihe client was Belicoff -- -- He doesn’t have time to process this information. From ether side of the door, 47 HEARS a faint CRUNCHING sound. INSERT - ECU of a tactical boot-heel, CRUNCHING on the ti 47 drops the phone and sprints toward the balcony, just a hinges are BLOWN off the hotel room door. The door sags inward, pulling the wire on the little devi attached to it. Which EXPLODES.