78) 0) text: 47, still dripping, walks into the store. His coat under wrapped around the appropriated assault rifle and weapons four salesman clustered around stare at him, noses wrinkl AGENT 47 . I need a suit. And I need it tailored before I leave. SALESMAN #1 . I’m sorry, sir, we have a three week wait for all tailoring.
78) 2) dialog: Of course sir, right this way. May I take your coat? 47 just looks at him.
78) 3) dialog: Alright then, right this way. Espresso?
79) 0) text: Mike walks through the suite, looking. He stares at 47’s stainless .45, hefting it. He then moves to the suitcase. We INTERCUT between the two scenes. 47 looks at the salesman who has an armful of suits, hold out one by one. Pinstripes, greys, blues...
79) 2) dialog: Might I suggest a man of your frame --
79) 4) dialog: Alright then. cur TO: 40. Mike opens the suitcase. Inside is all manner of killin equipment. He pulls out a pack of syringes. And a small l case. Inside are several nasty looking ampules. cuUT TO: 47 stands, being fitted for the suit. A seamstress pins t cuits « gowishy Salesman holds out a selection of ties. 4 is head. SWISHY SALESMAN (CONT’D) Let me guess. You'd like a red one. curT TO: Mike continues to go through 47‘s stuff. Looking, thinkin trying to understand his adversary.
79) 7) dialog: Grins) I_get off in an hour. There’s a great new clu 47’s look shuts him down.
79) 9) dialog: Oh. Well... Unfortunately that’s not really my department.
79) 12) dialog: Of course not, darling. But for ten thousand dollars, what do I care? 4l.
81) 0) text: 47 sits in the back, at_a terminal, wearing a new suit an fur-lined, black, full-length coat. He is reading all the articles on Belicoff. “Belicoff Hard-line Stance - Anti American?” “Mikhail Bel gaining Support with Russia's Working class.” “Belicoff softening his Hard-line View?” Then another about his cra brother. “Udre Belicoff arrested for murder in Minsk. Pol trouble for his older Brother?” With his other hand, he is drawing on a torn out magazine a red pen. The ad is a CU of a beautiful model. With the has transformed the picture into a damn good likeness of Nika. It seems as if he is doing both things simultaneous 47 logs onto a Forum. W.0.0.F. - Women Outraged Over Fur. message box opens. “Account Terminated Due to Technical P Do Not Attempt to Reconnect!” Then, “You are on your own, He stares at the screen. He then logs onto a Secure Mail ayes an email address, then: “Need to call in a favor. Ur Will come to you. 47." Hits send. 42. He glances over at the picture he’s been working on. But as Swishy Salesman and another similarly dressed YOUNG MA the cafe, moving to him. SWISHY SALESMAN . This is Joseph, He works at the Christian Louboutin boutique. They sell very expensive shoes. 47 looks at him.
81) 1) dialog: Right. Well he knows the girl.
81) 4) dialog: That’s pretty good. It is a pretty good resemblance. Young Man nods.
81) 6) dialog: Better. He has her address.
81) 8) dialog: Did I make the deadline?
81) 10) dialog: One more thing, friend to friend. You should be careful with her. Agent 47 looks at them. Swishy nudges the other guy.