117) 0) text: SMITH JAMISON, CIA, walks inside. He looks around. Seated table in the corner, smoking, and facing the door, is Nik motions to him. Smith, smiles, makes his way to her.
117) 1) dialog: I‘m looking for my friend.
117) 3) dialog: After all these years he doesn’t trust me?
117) 5) dialog: Now what? And like magic her cell phone rings. She holds it out.
117) 7) dialog: I’m untrustworthy, not stupid. (beat, smiles) , . Of course, there’s always the ossibility I'm being followed by someone that doesn’t work for us. curT TO:
118) 3) dialog: I thought we were friends. I’m not feeling a lot of trust, here.
118) 6) dialog: Belicoff sees you as a threat.
118) 9) dialog: Ahh. Udre Belicoff. Mikhail’s psychotic younger brother. A real piece of work. No regard for human life. Nika, who blows smoke at him.
118) 11) dialog: Udre's lifestyle requires lots of cash, and he's desperate: Russian intel indicates he‘s gotten hold of a couple hundred pounds of surplus Uranium-235 from Chelyanbisk 70, a nuclear storage site in the Ural Mountains. Could be a bullshit Udre shakedown scam. But the possibility exits... It would be nice if he just disappeared. But, he’s a complete paranoid. Hard to get to discreetly. (MORE)
118) 13) dialog: And there can‘t even be a hint of US involvement due to political considerations.
118) 15) dialog: Ahh. Well that might be worth something - But I don’t see how killing Udre Belicoff is going to help you.
118) 17) dialog: Yeah, I think I can seil this to Virginia. What do you want for the trouble?
118) 19) dialog: What’s that?
118) 22) dialog: Tell me this isn’t what I think it is.
118) 24) dialog: I don't know if I can do this. Not in your time frame. AGENT 47 (Oy } Well, I’d try very hard if I were you. I expect the last thing you’d want is for me to get arrested with that file. Smith thinks about it, then nods. 79.
118) 25) dialog: You know, all this wasn’t necessary. All you had to do was ask.
213) 2) dialog: I’m Agent Smith with the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. I need all of your men out and to the rear of that vehicle.
213) 4) dialog: We aren’t here. Which means when we open up on you, and shred your bodies with automatic-fire, then this will never have happened... Mike sighs as he is moved to the back of the second vehic his men, hands up against the vehicle, are being relieved weapons. They are quickly joined by ail the rest of his m
213) 7) dialog: What criminal? Mike looks over. There is no one in the back. It is empty
213) 9) dialog: (To his men) Watch them. smith goes to look in the car. He picks up a card off the seat, pocketing it. He walks back over to Mike, handing him his badge back. SMITH (CONT‘D) You know what, I’m sorry, Man. My mistake. I thought you were someone else.
213) 11) dialog: Load up boys. Smith and his men walk back toward their blacked-out subu Smith turns around to Mike and his men.
213) 12) dialog: On behaif of the United States government, I'd like to extend to you our sincerest apologies. Smith winks at them, smiles, and gets into the truck. As the suburban speeds away we PAN back around to Mike, w stands there for a moment.
214) 0) text: Smith stares out the window at Moscow. He reaches into hi and withdraws the white card he found on the back seat of suv. It is one of Smith’s own business cards. He flips it On the back is written, “We are even.” Smith smiles, letting the card fly out of the window.