81) 0) text: 47 sits in the back, at_a terminal, wearing a new suit an fur-lined, black, full-length coat. He is reading all the articles on Belicoff. “Belicoff Hard-line Stance - Anti American?” “Mikhail Bel gaining Support with Russia's Working class.” “Belicoff softening his Hard-line View?” Then another about his cra brother. “Udre Belicoff arrested for murder in Minsk. Pol trouble for his older Brother?” With his other hand, he is drawing on a torn out magazine a red pen. The ad is a CU of a beautiful model. With the has transformed the picture into a damn good likeness of Nika. It seems as if he is doing both things simultaneous 47 logs onto a Forum. W.0.0.F. - Women Outraged Over Fur. message box opens. “Account Terminated Due to Technical P Do Not Attempt to Reconnect!” Then, “You are on your own, He stares at the screen. He then logs onto a Secure Mail ayes an email address, then: “Need to call in a favor. Ur Will come to you. 47." Hits send. 42. He glances over at the picture he’s been working on. But as Swishy Salesman and another similarly dressed YOUNG MA the cafe, moving to him. SWISHY SALESMAN . This is Joseph, He works at the Christian Louboutin boutique. They sell very expensive shoes. 47 looks at him.
138) 0) text: Techno music assaults us as the doors open. Seven or eigh Gangstex types stand around the room. ut that was to be expected. at was not expected are the girls. In the living room, a naked woman hangs limp from the cei chains. She has been whipped unconscious very recently. P by the man standing behind her with the whip. He turns, s It is UDRE BELICOFF. (Pronounced: oodray) Udre is well dressed, and quite charming. He's also a psy UDRE . , (Yelling over the music) Mr. Price. Come in. He tosses down the whip and moves to the large coffee tab Actually moves is incorrect, Udre dances to it. Grinding music. The table is littered with vodka and a huge pile of coke. cuts a huge line and sticks his nose in it. Wiping his face, a_sad, good-looking girl, barely dressed him a vodka. He slams it. 47 is pushed toward him. Udre stands up, grinds a little then smiles, walking over to 47, his hand extended. | UDRE (CONT'D) . So you decided to change our appointment. How forward of you.
138) 2) dialog: Common sense should have dictated you not abuse my good nature. Sit... 90. Udre, rubs the leg of the girl next to him. His men pull girl hanging from the ceiling. They drag her through a do can barely make out... Cages? But the door shuts in out f
138) 4) dialog: What, you don't believe me? He doesn’t believe me. So you want proof? He leans forward snorting some more coke. The music build . UDRE (CONT'D) ; Then I will give you proof... Wait! I love this. It was remixed by DJ Kaos in Liverpool. He sent it to me himself. He stands, dancing to the music.
138) 5) dialog: You! , , (He points to another girl) Dance with me! “ Another sad girl jumps from another couch and runs to h drags her to him grinding.
138) 6) dialog: Wait for the break. Here it comes. He grinds.
138) 7) dialog: There. The music breaks.
138) 8) dialog: Dance! He and the girl continue to groove, but then Udre, the sa fuck, slaps her to the ground. He looks at 47. UDRE (CONT‘D) Show me the cash. 47 opens the case. The girl on the floor whimpers. He kic UDRE (CONT‘D) Do you want a piece?
138) 10) dialog: Of course, you don't. Because these bitches are used. 91. Udre stands, dancing to the music. Behind them another gi screams, being gzagged to the now empty ceiling chains. “ fights as they lock her in.
138) 11) dialog: You are my guest, I’11 let you have this one first. “She is brand new.
138) 13) text: This is my business. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Udre lashes her savagely with the wh girl cries from the pain.
138) 15) dialog: (Sweating, he turns) No!
138) 18) dialog: But I do. It is the least you can do for interrupting my party. Move! (To his men Hurt them, so they will not miss me while I'm gone. Udre dances toward the bedroom. 47 glances behind him. Fo guards stand there holding automatic weapons.
139) 0) text: The loud music bleeds through the closing door. The girl is tied to the bed, naked, gagged, and very frig Udre’ stands there holding the 44.
139) 1) dialog: Strip. Or I will kill you. Udre cocks the 500 Smith. 47 begins removing his Jacket.
139) 3) dialog: (Confused) . My brother? How... Did he send you? Impossible. Who are youl?! Udre moves toward him holding the gun up. Lightning fast, holding the ends of the cord in both hands, whips it arou revolver. CU - REVOLVER. The cord is wrapped between the cocked ham the frame. Udre pulls the fragger but it pst SNAPS, the hammer stopp the cord. 47 SMACKS Udre in the throat with his elbow, YA the gun from his hands. 47 strikes again with the elbow, this time to Udre's face 47 wraps the length of cord twice around Udre’s neck, lif off the ground.
139) 6) dialog: (Gasping) Let me go, you cocksucker! 93.
139) 8) text: Wait! What do you want? Money? Women? 47 pulls him up a little. Udre holds desperately to the r
139) 10) dialog: No, wait! Tell me what I can do... 47 takes a tiny device and places it in Udre’s pocket.
143) 0) text: “ ‘The Mercedes slows in front of the embassy. A door ope then che gar speeds off. We PUSH toward the shape in the 9 e road. After a moment, Russian soldiers run to it. One of the so turns it over. It is Udre’s Corpse.