80) 0) text: Mike sits at the desk thinking. Someone knocks at the doo opens it. Jenkins stands there. JENKINS ; . Someone would like a word with you, sir. The FSB. In the hallway three men wait, calmly. They look like 50’ Soviet KGB guys, just in nicer suits. The biggest one, CH AGENT YURI MARKLOV smiles at Mike, like he has all the ti world. Mike sighs.
81) 19) dialog: No reason, It just seems to be a bit naive.
101) 2) text: He said, your ribs are broken. The EMT nods, raising two fingers. Mike winces as Yuri wa over. YURI (CONT’D) Unlucky... Yuri takes out a pack of cigarettes and hands Mike one, l it for him. Smoking hurts but doesn't stop him. MIKE . You seem awfully calm, considering.
102) 0) text: 47 stands at the edge of the roof, looking through the sc the combat rifle from the hotel. 47'S POV. Far away we see Mike walking away from Yuri. ANGLE ON 47 who places the lens of the Chinese knock-off the scope, pressing the shutter several times. 47 then turns and walks to the Maybach sitting off to one Opens the trunk. Nika gets out aS 47 walks to the driver' 64.
106) 0) text: Yuri rifles through the messages, hanging up his overcoat men sit around the office reading through the boxes of fi YURI (CONT’D Well that was a royal fuck mess. The three agents look at him. YURI (coer Dh Did you dispose of the soldier's body? YURI‘S GUY #1 Yes. Cremated, sir.
106) 5) dialog: Has this office been swept today?
111) 0) text: ongiAhe VOECE (9-8: ) -- I am gaining momentum in the polls. It would be wise to consider your future, Comrade Yuri.
178) 0) text: Yuri’s limousine stops at a stop light. Cars whiz past.
179) 0) text: A bodyguard pours Yuri a vodka. Yuri keys his radio.
180) 0) text: Suddenly, the suburban, waiting to follow, EXPLODES. INT. YURI‘S LIMOUSINE - MORNING The limo pulls quickly away from the burning wreckage.
183) 0) text: Yuri, naked to the waist, is chained to a metal chair, bo the concrete floor. One hand is behind his back, the othe taped to a military radio, in front. Yuri depresses the talk button on the radio. Nothing. He it over and over. Still nothing. Angry, he violently yank the handcuff on his wrist, only managing to hurt himself. Yuri looks down at the C-4 taped around his torso. There of it. He glances up at the clock. Sweat pours down his f
191) 0) text: Yuri looks. The clock ticks down. 9 seconds, 8...
192) 0) text: Yuri opens his eyes. He is naked and tied to that chair. in front of him.
201) 0) text: Yuri lowers the radio, and sighs.