4) 0) text: - as David moves back from the telescope and rubs his eyes with his knuckles.  He leafs through the nautical almanac and reaches for the aluminum can- teen on the window sill.  It falls to the floor with a clatter.  He picks it up quickly and listens ap- prehensively for an indication that he has awakened his parents; sighs with relief and glances at an alarm clock on the window sill which reads 3:40. He unscrews the canteen stopper and tilts it to drink; then stops as a bright light illuminates the darkness outside the window.
6) 0) text: David - his face highlighted by the ball of fire as he stares with incredible bewilderment.
6) 1) dialog: (with awe)
7) 0) text: David crosses to foot of bed, puts on his bathrobe and slippers; climbs through the window, chirping at the dog, Cricket, who hops up on the window sill and follows him out. 10.    EXT. BACK OF MacLEAN'S HOUSE - FIELD IN B.G. - NIG
7) 1) text: - as David turns and looks at the dog, who growls and trots toward the field.  David follows him toward field, but stops suddenly. 11.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - SHOOTING AWAY FROM HOUSE - NI (SPECIAL EFFECTS)
7) 2) text: David sees a brilliant white light glow suddenly in the distance.  It casts a gigantic black shadow of a thing that could be a man against the flank of the dark hill.  The light goes out suddenly and a strange humming sound fills the air. 12.    EXT. BACK OF MacLEAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT - REVERSE MED
8) 0) text: - as the dog jumps through the window, followed by David, who grabs a flashlight.  CAMERA PANS with David as he exits into the hall. 14.    INT. MR. &. MRS. MacLEAN'S BEDROOM - (LOW KEY) - N
8) 1) text: David bursts through the door and shines the flash- light on the bed and his father and mother sit up. MacLean fumbles for the table light and shades his eyes against the flashlight.  He turns on the light. MRS. MacLEAN (with concern)
8) 2) text: What's the matter, David?  Are you all right?
8) 3) dialog: (excitedly)
8) 6) dialog: A space ship - I think.  It's there now - over by the hill.  Come on, Dad. MacLEAN (with weary exasper- ation)
8) 8) dialog: But, Dad - I saw it - I tell you ... MRS. MacLEAN
8) 10) dialog: I wasn't asleep!  I saw it -- it landed in our field! MacLEAN (putting his feet on floor)
8) 12) dialog: But, Dad ... MacLEAN
8) 14) dialog: (leaving, followed by Cricket)
9) 0) text: He is standing by the window, staring out.  Cricket has his forepaws on the window-sill.  The door opens, David turns and looks at his father guiltily as he closes the door.  MacLean indicates the bed with his thumb.  With a sigh, David shucks off his bathrobe and slippers and crawls into the bed.  Cricket jumps onto the foot of the bed.  MacLean crosses to a wardrobe chest and selects a medicine bottle and a spoon from the top of it.  He returns and sits on the side of the bed.
9) 1) dialog: I'm not sick! MacLEAN (shakes bottle and pours into spoon)
9) 2) text: I know - this is some of that stuff Doctor Weber left to make you sleep when you had the flu.  Come on - open up. David looks at his father with exasperated patience and with a shrug of martyrdom swallows the medicine and drops back on his pillow. MacLEAN (gently)
9) 4) dialog: (rising on elbows, try- ing to convince him)
9) 6) text: Maybe it was one of the experiment- al rockets from over at White Sands - (David shakes his head)
9) 8) dialog: It didn't fall, Dad - it landed over in the field.  Blossom!  Gee, Dad, Blossom's out there!  We'd better go get her! MacLean regards the boy with a patient affectionate smile. MacLEAN (with a smile)
9) 10) dialog: But, Dad -- MacLEAN
9) 12) dialog: (yawning)
9) 14) text: He growls at hoot owls too - and shadows!  And I want you to stop growling at shadows and go to sleep. David stares at him with patient resignation. MacLEAN
9) 15) text: Tomorrow morning I'll take my 12 gauge and you take your .410 and you and I and Cricket will go out in that field and if there's any space ship or flying saucer out there, we'll take a shot at it - especially if they've bothered our cow! David, feeling the effects of the sedative, yawns again.  His father runs his fingers lightly through David's hair in a soothing fashion. MacLEAN (gently)
9) 16) text: That's a good boy - go to sleep. David's eyes close and MacLean gets up softly, tiptoes to the light-switch and turns out the light.
9) 29) text: You say he's been gone for ... David and Cricket run into scene. MRS. MacLEAN
9) 30) text: What's the matter, David?
9) 31) dialog: (breathlessly)
9) 34) dialog: I don't know - a kind of buzzing sound deep down under the ground. MRS. MacLEAN
9) 35) text: Oh, David, this is no time to let your imagination run away with you when I'm so concerned about your father.
9) 47) dialog: But they've been gone over an hour. Let me go look, too, Mom - please! MRS. MacLEAN
9) 49) dialog: Aw, gee -- MacLEAN'S VOICE (off scene)
9) 50) text: Any chance of getting a cup of coffee? Mrs. MacLean and David turn toward doorway. 31.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - MED. SHOT - John MacLean is standing in the living room doorway. He is wearing his bathrobe and pajamas.  He looks some- what disheveled.  Over scene Mrs. MacLean and David speak together. MRS. MacLEAN and DAVID
9) 51) text: John! -- Dad! -- 32.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - MED. SHOT - as Mrs. MacLean and David rush toward MacLean. MRS. MacLEAN
9) 53) dialog: Gee, Dad, what happened? Cricket looks at MacLean and crawls under the sofa. MacLean looks down at his wife and son.  His face is tense and he wears a tight forced smile. MacLEAN
9) 55) text: I'll just be a minute. David leans over the back of his father's chair.
9) 56) dialog: What took you so long? MacLEAN (impatiently)
9) 57) text: I've been looking for Blossom.  I followed her trail but finally lost track of her in those scrub oak flats behind Blue Hill. 33.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - CLOSE SHOT David's face - as he stares down at the back of his father's head. 34.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - REVERSE CLOSE SHO David's angle - of back of MacLean's head. There is a livid red scar the size of a quarter on the back of his head just above the nape of his neck.
9) 61) dialog: A barbed wire fence?  But how could -- MacLEAN (interrupting)
9) 63) dialog: But - Dad -- MacLean suddenly slaps the boy a vicious backhand blow across the face, as Mrs. MacLean enters the scene from background, carrying a cup of coffee.  Mrs. MacLean drops the cup, registering horrified incredulity. David staggers across the room and fetches up against the wall.  Mrs. MacLean crosses to him, puts her arms around him with a sheltering attitude.  Cricket comes out from under the sofa and growls at MacLean and hud- dles near David. MacLEAN (coldly)
9) 64) text: Now will you go out and play -- and take that animal with you! 36.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - MED. CLOSE SHOT David, his mother - with Cricket huddled close by. They stare at MacLean with incredulous baffled expres- sions. MRS. MacLEAN (in a low, hurried voice)
9) 65) text: Please, David -- do as your father says. 37.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - MED. SHOT David goes out through the hall followed by Cricket. We HEAR the front door slam.  MacLean turns to his wife. MacLEAN (in a cold mechanical voice)
9) 70) text: Well, thanks, gentlemen, I won't keep you any longer.  I'm sure you have important things to take care of --- 39.    EXT. MacLEAN FRONT PORCH - DAY - CLOSE SHOT High angle - back of Jackson's head - as he removes cap and wipes forehead with handker- chief.  A livid round red scar is on the back of his head just above the nape of his neck. 40.    EXT. MacLEAN FRONT PORCH - DAY - REVERSE CLOSE SHO David's face - puzzled - he reacts to what he has seen. 41.    EXT. MacLEAN FRONT PORCH - DAY - MED. SHOT Jackson, Blaine and MacLean - from David's angle.
9) 72) text: Yes.  We have -- Jackson nods his head. 42.    EXT. MacLEAN FRONT PORCH - DAY - CLOSE SHOT Mrs. MacLean staring at her husband with nervous incred- ulity. 43.    EXT. MacLEAN FRONT PORCH - DAY - FULL SHOT Blaine and Jackson - as they leave the porch.  Jackson leans over and ruffles David's hair as he passes.
10) 0) text: A little girl, Kathy Wilson, aged five, walks across the field picking flowers.  Suddenly a round section of the earth opens up behind her and an indistinct some- thing grabs her by the ankles and snatches her down in- to the hole.  A flap of earth closes back over the hole. 47.    EXT. BACK OF MacLEAN HOUSE - DAY - PAN SHOT David and Cricket - as David jumps up, runs toward the field, stops with indecision, then turns and runs fran- tically toward the house, followed by the dog. 48.    INT. HALLWAY - MacLEAN HOUSE - DAY - MED. SHOT - as David and Cricket enter and David starts toward the telephone.  Then he looks over his shoulder toward the living room and stops. 49.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - MED. SHOT David's angle - John MacLean - sitting rigidly in a chair in the living room staring fixedly at David. MacLEAN
10) 1) text: Well - what do you want! 50.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - CLOSE SHOT Shooting toward David and Cricket in hallway.
10) 2) dialog: (hesitatingly)
10) 5) dialog: Oh - uh -- nothing -- MacLEAN
10) 7) dialog: Nothing -- just playing. MacLEAN
10) 9) dialog: (hesitatingly)
10) 12) dialog: Yes, sir. He turns and starts toward the front door, Cricket at his heels. 51.    INT. MacLEAN LIVING ROOM - DAY - CLOSE SHOT MacLean - as he picks up a map which he's holding in his lap and studies it intently.  His head jerks up as the front screen door slams.  He looks out the window. 52.    EXT. FRONT - MacLEAN HOUSE - DAY - LONG SHOT Through window - David and Cricket - running down road.
11) 0) text: This is a small cottage with an old fashioned storm cel- lar door leading into the basement adjacent to back steps.  David and Cricket walk into scene.  David knocks on the door, which opens.  David walks in.  Cricket waits outside.
12) 2) dialog: Mrs. Wilson - is Mr. Wilson home?
12) 4) text: Why -- no, David -- he's out of town. What is it?
12) 5) dialog: Well -- I mean -- you know your little girl --
12) 8) dialog: Well -- I mean -- gee, Mrs. Wilson -- You see, I was up on the hill with my telescope -- hiding in the bushes and -- Mrs. Wilson's face darkens with frightened suspicion.
12) 10) dialog: Well, I -- I was watching the field and I saw Kathy.  She was picking flowers -- I think.
12) 12) dialog: And then -- well - the ground opened up and something grabbed her and pulled her down into a hole. - as she reacts with annoyance and disbelief.
12) 14) dialog: Honest, Mrs. Wilson, there's some- thing out there under the ground. It's a space ship or ....
12) 16) dialog: A space ship! Mrs. Wilson bursts into nervous laughter and grabs David by the shoulders and shakes him severely.
12) 18) dialog: (frantically)
12) 19) text: Honest, Mrs. Wilson -- the ground opened up - and -- Mrs. Wilson slaps him sharply.  David raises his elbow to ward off further blows.
13) 6) text: Oh, David!  How could you! She puts Kathy down.
14) 0) text: David sidles around and attempts to get a look at the back of Kathy's head.  She puts her hands to the back of her head and smoothes her hair down.
15) 2) dialog: (flatly)
15) 6) dialog: (starting toward kit- chen door)
15) 9) dialog: I'm not hungry. At this point, he's reached the kitchen door.
16) 0) text: Cricket is barking frantically at a column of smoke that issues from the open cellar door.  David comes out of kitchen door, sees the smoke coming from the cellar, and calls back inside.
16) 1) dialog: (calling)
17) 0) text: Smoke is pouring out the cellar door.  Mrs. Wilson places Kathy on the ground, then snatches a garden hose and runs to a faucet near the back porch.  She fumbling- ly attempts to attach it, just as a neighbor, Arthur Turner, a man about forty-five, runs into scene.  He quickly attaches the hose, while David points the nozzle toward the cellar door.  He turns on the water, then runs and takes the hose from David, adjusts the nozzle to spray, then, ducking his head against the billowing smoke, enters the cellar.
18) 1) dialog: You'd better call the fire depart- ment, Mrs. Wilson!
19) 0) text: - as David sidles around Kathy and looks at the back of her head.
21) 0) text: Kathy's face -- as her eyes look up and meet David's.
22) 0) text: David -- staring intently at Kathy.
24) 0) text: - with telephone booth in foreground.  David enters scene, followed by Cricket.  They go into phone booth and David closes the door.
25) 0) text: David drops a nickel in the coin box.
25) 1) dialog: (into phone)
27) 2) text: I'm sorry, David, but Professor Kelston is out.  Is there any mes- sage?
28) 1) dialog: (into phone)
30) 1) dialog: (into phone)
30) 2) text: Oh, gee ... Never mind.  Thank you. David hangs up and is about to leave the booth when he sees his father enter the grocery store.
32) 0) text: David sees MacLean and crouches down behind the solid panel of the phone booth door.  He holds Cricket to keep him from barking.
34) 0) text: - as the door opens and David peeps out.  Then he and Cricket emerge.  David stops, pauses with indecision. His decision crystalizes into resolution.  He sets his chin and compresses his lips and walks quickly out of scene, followed by Cricket.
35) 0) text: David and Cricket stand staring up at the desk sergeant, who speaks in an exasperated tone.
35) 2) dialog: (pleadingly)
35) 5) dialog: 'Cause -- (he pauses)
35) 11) dialog: Are you the Chief of Police, sir?
36) 0) text: The Chief crosses and sits in a swivel chair at his desk.  He indicates a chair for David.
36) 2) dialog: David MacLean.
36) 4) dialog: Well, you see, sir -- it started last night when I was looking through my telescope.
37) 4) dialog: Yes, sir -- very different.
37) 6) dialog: Webster 6397. The Chief reaches over and picks up the telephone.
37) 7) dialog: (in alarm)
37) 10) text: Webster 6397. He looks over his shoulder at David, who is nervously biting his lips.
38) 0) text: David is staring at the back of the Chief's head.
40) 0) text: David reacts to what he has seen.
41) 0) text: This is a rather barren room, with a bench and a straight back chair.  David stands at the window, star- ing through the heavy wire grill.  His lips tremble and his face is pinched and white, and terror lives in his eyes.  Startled, he looks over his shoulder at the sound of the door opening.  He turns and stands at bay. He picks up Cricket and backs against the wall next to the window. MacLEAN'S VOICE (off scene)
41) 1) text: All right, David.
42) 0) text: John MacLean stands near the open door.  His face bears a sad, resigned expression.  The Chief of Police stands with his hands clasped behind his back.  He is benign and kindly in his attitude.  Dr. James Blake, a well- favored young man in his early thirties, stands looking at David with a friendly, gracious smile.  Next to him, Patricia Collins smiles down at David with affectionate concern.  She is dressed in a nurse's blue cape, and the stiff white cuffs and uniform collar are apparent below and above the cape.
42) 3) text: There's nothing to be afraid of, David, this is Miss Collins. David stares up at his father, then at the Chief of Pol- ice, then back to Dr. Blake.  He starts to back away but Pat's arm restrains him gently.
42) 5) text: Listen to me. David looks up at his father. MacLEAN (continuing)
42) 7) dialog: (frantically)
42) 8) text: You're not going to take Cricket. He makes a dash for the outer door.  MacLean steps for- ward and grabs his wrist and holds it with unnecessary force.  David winces.  Dr. Blake steps forward quickly, glances curiously at MacLean and detaches his fingers from the boy's arm.
42) 10) text: It's all right, David.  You can bring your dog.
42) 11) dialog: (in a scared voice)
42) 12) text: But I don't understand why -- ? Pat crosses and inserts David's arm through hers and pats his hand.
42) 14) text: Come on, David.  Your father knows what's best.  We're going to be good friends.  Just wait and see! Dr. Blake opens the door with one hand -- casually takes David's arm and they swiftly exit with him out into the hall, closing the door behind them.
45) 0) text: David is seated in a large, comfortable overstuffed chair.  A practically empty plate of sandwiches stands on a coffee table next to the chair.  David feeds a piece of sandwich to Cricket.  Pat, who has removed her cape and is now wearing a starched R.N. cap, enters the scene with three paper cartons of malted milk.  Dr. Blake has removed his coat and is seated on a sofa fac- ing David.  Pat passes one of the containers to Dr. Blake, who opens the top and inserts a straw.  She hands the other one to David, then sits on the sofa near the Doctor and starts drinking her malted milk. David is in a much better frame of mind than in the preceding scene.
45) 1) dialog: --- and that's what happened -- Look, Doctor, if you'd talk to my mother, she'll tell you about my father -- about how he's changed and everything. Pat and Blake exchange glances.
45) 3) dialog: You've talked to her?
45) 5) dialog: (resignedly)
45) 11) text: Nor mine. David looks at their heads, then sits back with relief and takes a slow meditative pull on his malted milk straw.
47) 5) dialog: Gee, Mom -- I'm glad you're here!
47) 7) text: How do you do.  Sit down, David. David stares at her, backs away and slowly sits back in the chair.  Mrs. MacLean's face is calm and composed and her manner brightly pleasant, almost to the point of in- congruity.  She wears a light coat with a high collar and carries a purse.
47) 11) text: I know what David's been telling you.  He's always been highly im- aginative, and we've had a great deal of trouble with him -- especi- ally since he got that telescope and has been reading those trashy science fiction magazines.
47) 18) text: All right, Mrs. MacLean -- I'm sure we'll be able to help him. Mrs. MacLean turns and looks at David with unsympathetic eyes. MRS. MacLEAN
48) 0) text: David stares incredulously at his mother.  His eyes focus on the back of her head as she walks toward the door.
49) 0) text: David's angle of Mrs. MacLean's head.  The back of her head is concealed by her hair and the high collar of her coat.
50) 1) text: David looks up quickly at Dr. Blake, who is also look- ing at Mrs. McLean's head as she opens the door and exits.  Dr. Blake's and David's eyes meet in a curious look of understanding.  Dr. Blake takes a notebook and pencil from his pocket.
50) 3) dialog: (shaking his head) Just my Aunt Margaret -- but she lives over in Crystal Falls.
50) 5) dialog: Miss Margaret MacLean - 926 Drexel Avenue - Crystal Falls -- Why?
50) 7) text: Blake exchanges a meaningful look at Pat.  He crosses to an end table and picks up some magazines, which he hands to David.
50) 9) dialog: No, sir.
50) 11) dialog: Thank you, sir.
55) 0) text: As the CAMERA TRUCKS IN with the car, the headlights illuminate the facade and the heavy bronze door in high key.  The lights cut off and Blake, Pat and David enter the observatory.
56) 0) text: Pat, Blake and David -- The Focault pendulum is in the background.  The interior of the observatory foyer is illuminated in low key.
56) 2) dialog: (glibly)
56) 3) text: That's the Focault pendulum.  It de- monstrates the peripherial aberration of axial inclination. Then David realizes he is talking to an amateur. Pat turns and stares at David in astonishment.
56) 4) dialog: (continuing)
56) 12) text: Yes -- David and I are old friends. Let's go to my office.
57) 16) text: I'd like David to take it from here. All right, David.
57) 17) dialog: (uncomfortably)
57) 21) dialog: Well -- it started last night. I was looking for variables in Orion -- and all of a sudden I saw this bright light --
58) 3) dialog: Yes, sir -- I wasn't two hundred yards away and I was looking through my one-inch telescope and it's fifty power.
58) 5) dialog: About a quarter of a mile.
58) 7) dialog: (excitedly) Yes, sir.  I know we could. (he turns to Kelston) You know that time last summer when you let me look right into the kit- chen window and I could see Mom in there cooking supper?
60) 0) text: Kelston, Blake, Pat and David station themselves at Multiple oculars while Kelston focuses instrument with manual verniers.
61) 1) dialog: (excitedly) That's it!  That's where they got Kathy Wilson.
66) 2) text: Blake takes Pat's arm and he, Pat and David exit. Kelston crosses to his desk and flips a switch on the intercom.
72) 0) text: Pat, David and Blake are on scene.  Kelston enters and crosses behind his desk, opens a drawer and takes out a large scrapbook.
72) 2) text: Blake, Pat and David cross to desk.  Kelston opens scrap- book.
73) 5) dialog: Where are these space ships from, Professor Kelston?
74) 0) text: Kelston is seated at the operating console.  Pat, David and Blake are standing by it.  The projector is in back- ground.  Kelston turns a rheostat and the light dims.
78) 13) text: Blake, Pat and David rise.  Kelston comes with them to the door.
80) 0) text: Colonel Robert Fielding is seated at Kelston's desk, talking to Kelston.  Blake, Pat and David are seated on chairs in the office.  David is just hanging up the telephone.
80) 1) dialog: I don't know where they could be.  If they're at home they're not answering the phone -- I called last night and this is the second time this morning.
80) 4) dialog: Can we stop by the hospital and get my dog?
80) 16) dialog: The car's not here.
80) 19) dialog: (perturbed)
80) 22) dialog: 
80) 25) dialog: Kathy Wilson? -- I can take you over there.
81) 0) text: Mrs. Wilson stands on the porch, talking to Fielding, Balardi and David.  She is distraught and nervous.
82) 0) text: David - reacting and thinking about his mother and father.
83) 3) text: I'm sorry and I won't bother you any more. David stands frozen, thinking what could happen to his mother and father.
83) 7) text: Can you point out the place where the Wilson child disappeared? He hands the monocular to David, who adjusts it.
83) 8) dialog: (after a slight pause)
83) 24) dialog: It moved so fast it was hard for me to see exactly what it looked like. 132.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - MED. CLOSE SHOT - BALA He kneels on one knee beside a small pile of stones about the size of peaches.  He takes one in his right hand and hurls it over the bushes as one throws a gren- ade. 133.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - MED. SHOT Fielding and David -- as Fielding looks through monocu- lar. 134.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - MATTE SHOT Through monocular -- of stone falling near the center of the shot.
83) 28) text: Something's moving -- but I can't make out what it is! Another stone falls near the trapdoor and it closes swiftly. 135.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - MED. SHOT Fielding and David.  As Fielding lowers monocular.
83) 31) dialog: They got him!  See there? 137.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - REVERSE CLOSE SHOT Their angle of the faint, circular, four-foot outline near where the Sergeant was last seen.  His military cap lies on the ground and scratches and gouges show where his fingers clawed as he was dragged down into the hole.
106) 0) text: David, Fielding and Cricket are sitting.  Pat enters from laboratory.
107) 0) text: Fielding exits into laboratory leaving David and the dog waiting.
109) 0) text: The phone rings.  David crosses and answers it.
109) 1) dialog: Hello. (pause)
109) 3) dialog: It's for you, Colonel Fielding.
109) 11) dialog: Is that for boring into the trap doors?
109) 13) dialog: Gosh -- how soon do we start?
109) 16) dialog: (jumping up and crossing to Fielding)
109) 19) dialog: Oh, I will! -- Sir.
109) 21) dialog: All right - Sir.
109) 23) dialog: Is that the earth augur? 169.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - DAVID'S ANGLE - MED. S Motorized earth augur - (such as are used to dig cess- pools) -- on trailer.
109) 40) text: Yes, sir. 171.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - FULL SHOT Blake, Fielding and Pat are in a group.  David is stand- ing about ten feet apart from them watching the earth augur.  A white uniformed interne enters the scene and crosses to Blake.
109) 46) text: Pat, why don't you take David back to the hospital.
109) 50) text: Oh, David. David turns around and walks up to the group.
109) 52) text: David, we have to go back to the hospital.  Your aunt's waiting to see you.
109) 53) dialog: (disappointed)
109) 56) dialog: But -- But --
109) 58) dialog: (straightening up mili- tarily)
109) 59) text: Okay, sir. Pat moves off scene followed by David. 172.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - MED. SHOT David straggles some fifteen or twenty feet behind Pat, looking reluctantly over his shoulder. 173.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - CLOSE SHOT -- as David traverses a clump of bushes, looking back. A round section of earth opens just ahead to the left of him. 174.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - CLOSE SHOT Pat -- who looks over her shoulder, sees it and stops.
109) 61) text: David! 175.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - DAY - CLOSE SHOT Top half of David -- as he stops.
109) 62) dialog: (calling)
109) 67) text: Over there! He starts to run toward the spot where David and Pat disappeared.
113) 0) text: David is lying unconscious from his fall, momentarily ignored by the mutants.  A mutant grabs at Pat's shoul- der.  Pat struggles frantically.  Her screams revert to hoarse gasps of effort and terror, and in the struggle her dress is ripped.  The long fingers of a hand curl around Pat's neck and squeeze for a moment.  She sudden- ly relaxes into unconsciousness.  One of the two mutants picks her up, the other picks up David.  They lope away with them down the tunnel into infinity and darkness.
115) 0) text: Mutants rounding another turn, carrying Pat and David at a loping run.
117) 0) text: It is a circular room some twenty feet in diameter, approximately fifteen feet high.  It is composed of a shiny metallic substance similar to polished aluminum. The only rivets in evidence mark the outline of bulk- heads spaced around the perimeter of the walls.  Upper left, near the spiral steel staircase, a low metal table is near the wall.  It is flanked by two stationary met- al benches.  The room is dome-like in structure, and an area twelve feet in diameter and approximately eight feet in height occupies the apex of the dome, which is of a transparent plastic substance.  This is the control tower of the space ship.  A bank of control panels is placed in this structure and a round, cushioned pilot's seat is suspended on a crosswalk of perforated metal girders.  The room is illuminated by a series of circu- lar lights which look like portholes.  Even so, the lighting is in comparative low key.  The two mutants descend a spiral staircase and bring Pat and David to the center of the room and lay their unconscious bodies on the floor.  Then they step back approximately five feet and assume a rigid attitude grotesquely reminiscent of soldiers.
122) 0) text: Martian, Balardi and Pat.  David is still unconscious on the floor.  Balardi stands stiffly.
126) 0) text: -- as the two mutants lift Pat's unconscious body and place it on the operating table.  David slowly regains consciousness and sits up, rubbing his eyes in a dazed manner.
127) 0) text: David -- as his eyes become adjusted to the light and he reacts in terror at seeing Pat being placed upon the operating table.
127) 1) dialog: (starts to his feet, screaming)
128) 0) text: David's face -- with the hand across his mouth, his eyes staring in horror.
129) 0) text: David's angle - of the mutant surgeon, as he takes up a complex surgical instrument.  In his other hand, he lifts up and examines a tiny crystal capsule, to which is affixed a small spiral wire.  Turning slowly, he moves toward the unconscious form of Pat on the operat- ing table.
132) 0) text: -- as the surgeon mutant removes a strange, complex helmet affair from Pat's head, while two other mutants rush forward and carry the Martian quickly through the bulkhead, closing the bulkhead behind them.  The other mutants race across the room and up the spiral steel staircase, leaving Sergeant Balardi staring after them. Pat lies unconscious on the operating table.  David rushes over to Pat.
150) 0) text: -- as Sergeant Balardi looks toward ladder and aims his forty-five.  David grabs his arm and spoils his aim.
151) 0) text: -- as a soldier leaps off the top of the spiral stair- case and knocks Balardi to the floor.  Balardi's pis- tol falls to the floor.  David picks up the pistol...
152) 3) text: The soldiers exit with Balardi.  Fielding turns to David.
152) 5) text: David exits.
153) 0) text: At door or space ship.  David comes up the ladder and looks up the tunnel where the two soldiers and Balardi have disappeared.  He runs after them.
155) 0) text: David runs toward camera and pauses uncertainly at the intersection.  He doesn't know which tunnel to take. He finally chooses the right hand tunnel and runs out of scene.
169) 0) text: David hurries along the tunnel, approaches another inter- section.  He hears the whistle faintly in the distance and stops.  He is again faced with the decision of which tunnel to choose, and is becoming panic-stricken.
170) 0) text: David - the sweat stands out on his forehead as he tries to peer into the tunnel ahead of him.  He starts to turn into the right hand tunnel when he hears faint footsteps approaching.  He is about to call when some instinct prompts him to press back against the tunnel wall.
172) 0) text: David is pressing himself as far into the corner of the opposite tunnel wall as he can.  He is terrified.  As he presses closer to the wall, he dislodges a tiny pebble, which rolls down the wall on to the floor of the tunnel.
173) 0) text: The mutant hears the sound of the pebble falling and looks around.  He starts to advance toward where David is standing when a whistle is heard faintly in the dis- tance.  He quickly turns and lopes off into darkness.
174) 0) text: David waits until the mutant disappears and then runs up the opposite tunnel.
184) 0) text: David runs toward camera.  It PANS with him as he comes to a dead end, which slopes steeply up.  He stops and looks about him uncertainly. 247B.   INT. TUNNEL - DIFFERENT INTERSECTION - DAY - MED.
185) 0) text: David climbs to the top of the slope at the dead end of the tunnel and peers up at the roof.
187) 0) text: David stands on his tiptoes and strives to reach the trapdoor, but can't quite touch it.  He frantically sets to work digging at the fused earthen wall, trying to carve a foothold.  His fingers make little impression on the hard surface.  Seeking something to use as a digging instrument, he feels his belt buckle.  He tears off the belt and again starts to dig.  From over head, we hear distant sounds of moving vehicles.
192) 0) text: David is desperately digging at the wall of the tunnel. He has clawed away enough earth and rock to almost touch the trapdoor.  He stops to rest, wipes the sweat from his eyes and again attacks the tunnel wall with his belt buckle.
194) 0) text: David is frantic.  He is within inches of the trapdoor and still digging.
196) 0) text: David has reached the tunnel roof and is pushing on the trapdoor.  It slowly rises and the daylight streams in- to his face as he clambers out.
197) 0) text: Shooting over the backs of Fielding, Blair and Cole toward the center of the field.  David is seen climbing out of the trap door.  Fielding jumps into the jeep - yells at the driver - the jeep roars toward David.
198) 0) text: The jeep tears into the scene.  Fielding reaches out and lifts David into the jeep.  Without stopping, it roars out of scene.
199) 0) text: The jeep, with Fielding and David, speeds toward camera. The other soldiers are taking refuge behind the cars and equipment, awaiting the explosion.  Suddenly, there is a violent detonation and a cloud of earth and debris mushrooms into the sky.
201) 16) text: David! David turns, looks at him, then turns and looks at the object that he was interested in.
201) 17) dialog: There's something up here that might be ---
201) 19) text: Never mind.  They'll get all of that tomorrow.  We've got to go back to the hospital now. David turns and runs back to Fielding.
202) 0) text: David and his aunt, Margaret MacLean, a pleasant, forth- right woman, are seated.  They have an attitude of ex- pectancy.  Cricket is seated on the sofa next to Aunt Margaret.  She is petting him.  It is apparent from the dog's attitude that he knows her.
202) 1) dialog: They've been in there a long time, Aunt Margaret.
202) 4) dialog: (disgusted)
202) 7) dialog: (anxiously)
202) 10) text: Your father and mother are going to be just like they were before -- before these -- things happened. When I talked to them, David, their only concern was for you.
202) 11) dialog: (turning to his aunt)
202) 14) dialog: Yes, sir. (turns to the dog)
203) 0) text: David is in his pajamas, Cricket is on the foot of the bed, and Aunt Margaret is pulling back the covers.
203) 2) dialog: (yawning)
203) 5) dialog: (sleepily)
203) 7) dialog: (sitting up in bed)
203) 8) text: What's the matter, Cricket? David jumps out of bed and crosses to the window.  He looks out into the night.  His eyes widen.  He quickly removes the muslin cover from his telescope and puts his eye to the eye-piece. 261.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - NIGHT - TELESCOPE MATTE SHOT -- of a ball of white fire rapidly descending.  Tele- scope matte shot PANS and the ball of white fire de- scends upon the ridge and dies to a soft glow.
204) 0) text: David -- as he makes quick adjustments of the ocular and again presses his eye to the telescope. 263.    EXT. MacLEAN FIELD - ROCKY RIDGE - NIGHT - TELESC
205) 0) text: David - clutching Cricket against him and staring out the window.
205) 1) dialog: Well - gee, whiz!!