6) 2) dialog: (equally weak} Jackhammers. Saturday. Bad. The statement hangs in the air. Then the woman‘’s head ops up, alarmed. It‘s GWEN, all grown up -- more or ess -- again. She's 30, naked, and very hung over.
7) 2) dialog: Little of everything, looks like. Jasper comes in, drinking a beer, pulling on suit pants without underwear. He’s the kind of guy who manages to twinkle no matter how bad the hangover.
7) 4) dialog: I’m choosing to believe yes. Gwen grabs about five aspirin from the medicine cabinet
7) 6) dialog: Never again. She pops the aspirin, grabs the beer, takes a big pull.
8) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper tumble out of the building, semi-dressed. They hail a CAB and climb inside.
10) 1) text: Jasper and Gwen, still getting dressed, go flying. Gwen’s head smacks the roof of the cab.
10) 5) dialog: I couldn’t find my good one. (off her unamused look) Hey, at least it has a heart on it. The taxi lurches, sending them both into the ceiling.
12) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper run across the lobby.
13) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper get on the train just as the doors close.
14) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper, very QUIVERY, are looking for seats. Ahead, the CONDUCTOR is taking a PASSENGER’s ticket.
15) 0) text: The train arrives. Gwen and Jasper spill out of it in (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: A TAXI pulls up. Gwen and Jasper spill out of it, still LAUGHING, and land right in front of the Bridesmaid.
19) 0) text: As the Bridesmaid drags Gwen off to the Bride’s room, Jasper saunters in, kisses Andrew's Mother’s hand.
19) 1) dialog: How do you do. Pleasure. (to Andrew’s Father) Sir. An honor. He kisses Andrew’s Father’s hand too. They both seem a little. disconcerted.
19) 3) dialog: (whispers) The bride’s lover. Ssh. (CONTINUED)
20) 0) text: Late last night. Gwen, Jasper and TEN FRIENDS are at a table, SLOPPY-ORUNK. While everyone talks at once, Gwen YELLS into her CEL PHONE.
24) 2) dialog: You say that like it’s a good thing. A WAITER passes with some puffy hors d’oeuvres. Instead of taking one, Gwen takes the whole tray from him.
24) 4) dialog: No. Nobody wants to come away from a wedding with memories of perfection and beauty. They want to bring home a story ... (CONTINUED)
24) 7) dialog: {mouth full) That’s all anyone wants out of life, Gwennie. A good story.
24) 9) dialog: Not if it can be avoided. Come on, this is a party. Let’s have some fun, for Christ's sake. He takes the tray and puts it on a chair, not seeing Andrew’s Mother 1s about to sit down on the very same chair. SQUOOSH, SPLAT. As Andrew’s Mother reacts, Jasper and Gwen hit the dance floor without noticing they’ ve horrified yet another entire group of guests. ON THE DANCE FLOOR, couples are dancing tastefully. But Gwen and pasper change ail that. They land on the dance floor with all the decorum of a neutron bomb. Normally, Jasper’s a good dancer, but as drunk as he is, he’s just a safety hazard. Every time he SPINS Gwen, she THWACKS into another Dancer. Bam! Bam! Bam! Backs whacked, toes stepped on, hats knocked off. Not that Jasper and Gwen even notice. They’ re having fun, for God's sakes. He throws her over his head. Her shoe flies off and hits a woman. He slides her under his legs. Her dress flies up -~ who cares? ALL AROUND THE RECEPTION, people stare at them. From her place on the receiving line, Lily sees the display, sees everyone talking and Pointing. She starts over to the dance floor, to pet an end to it Just then, Jasper spins Gwen, but instead of holding on to her, he accidentally lets her hand slip out of his. She goes flying across the dance floor (CONTINUED)
38) 4) dialog: (very sleepy) Yeah.
38) 6) dialog: Hey. Good morning.
38) 8) dialog: What about all that “I don’t wanna run into anyone I know” bullshit?
38) 10) dialog: The people what? (CONTINUED)
38) 15) dialog: Could be worse. Could be prison.
38) 17) dialog: You never hear of anyone being raped with a plunger in rehab.
61) 0) text: More VISITORS inside. A lone patient sits in the corner, in his bathrobe, playing a depressing riff ona guitar. IN THE KITCHEN AREA, Gwen is eating from a box of crackers, looking for something else to munch on. The FRONT DOOR OPENS and Jasper enters.
61) 1) dialog: Who the hell do you have to know to get a drink around here? Everyone turns to look, in horror.
62) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper are walking along the edge of the pond.
62) 1) dialog: Where are all the celebrities?
62) 3) dialog: Oh, come on. Don't they know the only thing anyone wants from rehab is a good coked-out star story? Elizabeth aylor, weeping in group about how she never felt beautiful. Never, not one single day. Gwen laughs. (CONTINUED)
62) 6) dialog: -That’s because there’s nothing funny about addiction. Unless you’re wasted, in which case everything's a fucking gas.
63) 0) text: Full of patients and visitors. It’s very social. A Biker-Guy Patient is introducing Cornell to his Mother. ! Evelyn is sitting with a Family. ) Gwen and Jasper are off in a corner by themselves. She’ flipping through mail he’s brought. e's looking at the column she wrote.
63) 2) dialog: om So -- about the fact that none of this is -- how to do I put this -- true?
63) 4) dialog: Is the food always this bad?
63) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah. Here. Jasper hands her a piece of paper. She scans it.
63) 8) dialog: Hunh-uh. You know at Betty Ford, they o~ make you omelets to order. (CONTINUED)
63) 12) dialog: Yeah.
63) 15) dialog: I thought I was being funny.
63) 17) dialog: I know what you want.
64) 0) text: Jasper pulls her toward his rented convertible.
64) 2) dialog: You’ re not supposed to have pills in your pocket, either. He gets into the car. Gwen looks to see if anyone is watching. The coast is clear.
64) 4) dialog: Abso-posi-lutely no drinking.
72) 0) text: Cheesy as Hell. The door opens. Jasper and Gwen stumble in, LAUGHING, eating corn dogs. They fall on the bed.
72) 1) dialog: Christ, look at this Place. TI feel like I'm ina Dolly Parton song.
72) 5) dialog: Fantastic. He rolls over and starts KISSING her. one hand pushes up her shirt; the other reaches around to her ass. [It’s nothing they haven’t done before, but it’s suddenly all awkward. Their hands feel huge. The room goes quiet. Gwen's hands twitch uncomfortably on Jasper's back. No placement feels right. When he yanks her shirt off, she covers her chest with her arms, oddly shy, Everything's weird. After an awkward beat, Jasper sits up.
72) 6) dialog: Hey. Check it out. He pulls out a bottle of WILD TURKEY out of his bag. . JASPER (cont’d) I_ know, verboten, but you can’t have tawdry sex in a cheesy Southern motel without at least one sip of Southern moonshine. It’s actually against the law down here. He takes a big sip. Gwen Pauses for a moment. Then:
106) 7) dialog: There she is! There’s my girl! He throws his arms around her, just like the last time. They tumble to the ground, but this time, Gwen winces.
106) 9) dialog: SO s® so so so 80 sorry.
107) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper are walking down toward the lake. He has a carefree, jaunty air about him.
107) 3) dialog: Yeah, five years, not a peep. And she stops in her tracks, looks at me, and. says, in this thick Yiddish accent “Thanks God you got rid of the girl. She’ s nothing but bad news.” He laughs. Gwen stop walking.
107) 5) dialog: Sure, it is.
107) 7) dialog: It is, believe me. Everyone I've told has laughed really hard. He takes her hand and keeps walking toward the lake.
108) 0) text: Gwen and Jasper are out on a rowboat. She’s reading her column in the WEEKLY. He’s unpacking the bag of food.
108) 1) dialog: Reads like you were there, doesn’t it?
108) 3) dialog: It isn’t important. Have some cheese. Gwen takes a cracker. Jasper hands her a roll. JASPER (cont'd) No, have it on a roll. (CONTINUED)
108) 9) dialog: Come on, just have the bread. He tries taking her cracker, but she won’t let go.
108) 10) text: ' Jasper, I don’t want the bread; I want this cracker.
108) 11) dialog: Fine. I'll have the bread. Break it open for me, will you?
108) 14) dialog: Yup. Gwen stares at the ring in the bread.
108) 16) dialog: Yeah. I am.
108) 18) dialog: I’m proposing to you now. You happen to be here.
108) 22) dialog: Okay, it’s not a moonlight and Maui --
108) 24) dialog: I thought it would make a great story.
108) 26) dialog: Huh. I guess that’s what I thought I was offering. They bob in silence for a bit. He reaches for his Thermos and starts unscrewing the top.
108) 28) dialog: Champagne. I brought it to go with the proposal, thinking -- wrongly -- that this might be a romantic moment.
108) 30) dialog: That doesn’t mean I’m not going to.
108) 32) dialog: I’m not an inmate here, Gwen.
108) 34) dialog: Fine. Patient. Whatever. He takes off the Thermos top and starts to pour, but Gwen grabs it from him and throws it overboard. SPLASH. He watches it GLUB down to the bottom of the lake.
108) 35) dialog: This is so not how I saw this whole thing playing out. He’s hurt. Gwen takes a deep breath, frustrated. (CONTINUED)
108) 39) dialog: What about?
108) 42) dialog: That’s a crock of shit. No adult human being is happy; People are born, they have a limited time during which they go around thinking life is dandy, but then inevitably, at some point, tragedy strikes, their heart gets broken for the first time, and they realize life equals loss, and the point of the game is to minimize the pain caused by that equation. Some people do it by having kids, or making money, or taking ue coin cotlecting and telling themselves they're really jazzed because they snagged a rare 5th century French sou. And some do it by getting wasted and letting reality recede into deep focus every now and again. It’s all the same.
108) 44) dialog: Tell that to the lady whose husband spent last month’s rent on that French sou. Everybody hurts everybody. It’s the human condition. (beat} Don’t let them tell you there’s something wrong with you when there isn’t, Gwennie. You're fine.
109) 2) dialog: Of course you don’t. Look around you. You’ re in “Deliverance” country with extras from a Fellini film. It’s hybrid cinematic hell. _ (Gwen smiles) And you’re not with me. I don’t feel fine these days, either. And I think that means we belong together. You’re mine. I’m yours. We're each other’s. His and hers towels. Share and share alike. All for one and one for all. United we stand. I love you. {Gwen smiles more) Damned if I'11 take a brand new Thermos out on a boat with you again, but I do love you.
109) 5) dialog: On one condition.
109) 7) dialog: That you give it some thought. out the roll with the ring in it. She takes it.
109) 9) dialog: What do you mean?
109) 11) dialog: You‘re a trip, you know that? Then he gets in the car and drives off.
155) 15) dialog: Looking for you. Betty the Bulldyke said she thought she'd seen you head this way.
155) 17) dialog: Oh, that. Well, I realized, what with them both being completely senile, I could just call in a week, thank them for the great time, and they'll think I made the trip. (beat, pointed:) See -- I thought you might be lonely.
155) 19) dialog: Well. How do you do, Eddie from Oklahoma. I’m Jasper. He holds out his hand. Eddie shakes it but doesn’t say anything. Doesn’t like this threesome.
155) 21) dialog: Oh, now I don’t know about that. Let’s think this through. {to Gwen) See, the way I see it, Gwennie, we have two options here. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
155) 25) text: . JASPER (cont'd) Scenario number one: we let Eddie from Oklahoma head off to the showers to wash off all that very many sweat, and you and I have a nice little Christmas visit, maybe hum a carol or two -- basically bullshit our way through the afternoon. Or, scenario number.two: we all acknowledge the awkward situation we find ourselves in here. (beat) Preferences?
155) 27) dialog: A clear vote for scenario number one. How about you, Eddie from Oklahoma? Care to weigh in? Eddie just looks at him.
155) 28) dialog: Abstaining. Interesting. T guess that leaves only me in favor of calling a spade a spade, baying it all out in the open, if you wil and sa ing, pardon me, s ry but if it’s all the same to you, I’d prefer it if you wouldn't fuck my fiancée. : Eddie holds his gaze. Getting pissed off.
155) 30) dialog: Don’t call me pal. I’m not your pal. And don’t treat me like a idiot -- do me that one courtesy, please -- because I'm not that either. I've got more brain cells than your entire red neck family all put together, so --
155) 33) dialog: (sharp) Gwennie, don’t be a slut. And on that, Eddie COLD-COCKS Jasper. PUNCHES him right in the face. (CONTINUED)
155) 37) dialog: Fucking lunatic. Eddie stands there, holding his sore, reddening hand watching Gwen help Jasper, who's bleeding all over his shirt. Gwen Fee3 up to Eddie, furious, and snatches his towel away. hen she goes back to Jasper, Pressing the towel against his nose. Eddie stands there, watching, as Gwen helps Jasper up. She shoots a livid look back at him, then leads Jasper over to the Main Building. INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE DR. STAVROS’S OFFICE - DAY Jasper is in a chair, holding a WATERY ICE PACK on his nose. Gwen is sitting across from him. He takes the ice pack off his nose, looks at Gwen for a moment. They lock eyes. Neither s anything. Then he puts the ice pack back on his nose and looks away,
156) 0) text: Jasper’s tail lights disappear down the drive.
177) 11) dialog: Welcome home. He stands, holds out the flowers. JASPER (cont’d) Roses. Completely not ny style. Meant to represent my ability to change. eat) Symbolic. Get it? Gwen just looks at him. Says nothing. He stands. JASPER (cont’d) All right, so -- you’re wondering how to handle this. f I can make a suggestion: again, I see two options. One: you pretend you don’t see me, walk on by, and start your life anew all by yourself. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
178) 1) dialog: Here we go. Horse Trainer. INT. DAMIANO’S - NIGHT A smokys clubby Italian place. Gwen and Jasper are at e e the tal int window. He’s reading the classifieds.
178) 3) dialog: Yeah, can’t you see it? You, with the high boots, and the whip thingy, and maybe a German accent?
178) 7) dialog: (German accent) Ze pay, she iss wery goot.
178) 9) dialog: Journalist. J. As he flips ahead in the classifieds, a WAITER comes over to their table, brings them menus.
178) 12) dialog: Yeah, two of those. The Waiter heads off. JASPER (cont’d) Ah-hah!
178) 14) dialog: Jousting specialist!
178) 16) dialog: It’d be great. You could work the Renaissance Fair circuit. Have your own Little madrigal outfit. Laughing, she grabs the paper away from him and hits him with it.
178) 18) dialog: Grab a chair, God, it’s been --
178) 21) dialog: She quit drinking. Marty and Elaine LAUGH, not believing it for a minute. Marty waves at the waiter. .
178) 23) dialog: One glass is cool, right? On the spot, she shrugs a little. What the heli. Jasper lifts his giass. She doesn’t touch hers. ANOTHER BOTTLE LANDING ON THE TABLE. Refills. So much for just one lass. Jasper keeps drinking. Gwen watches him. It’s like he’s floating away from her. Someone delivers a punch line. Marty, Elaine and Jasper all CRACK UP. Still not drinking, Gwen tries to laug along, but it doesn’t seem that funny to her. They seem like they’ re having a much better time than she is. ANOTHER BOTTLE ARRIVES. As Jasper pours, he KNOCKS Gwen’s glass of wine onto the table. It’s HYSTERICAL. Jasper, laine, and Marty all LAUGH, No one notices that half the glass has spilled into Gwen’s lap. She looks around at them while she pats her skirt dry. Suddenly they look awful. Leaden, messy.” (CONTINUED)
178) 27) dialog: Hey! Hey -- Gwen stops, turns. JASPER (cont’d) What's -- where are you going?
178) 29) dialog: Hang on, come here --
178) 31) dialog: Why, cause I had two glasses of wine instead of one? All right. Lesson learned, it’1l never happen again. Now let me just go ins pay the bill, . grab my coa and we'll --
178) 33) dialog: What? What’ re you gonna do?
178) 35) dialog: Something without me. (CONTINUED)
178) 39) dialog: Gwennie -- But she just bundles her coat tighter around her. and hurries down the sidewalk. When she rounds the corner, she slows, suddenly caught by an overwhelming loneliness. She sits next to a HOMELESS WOMAN at a bus stop and starts to CRY. :