0) 5) dialog: We don’t have sleds.
1) 0) text: A cheep New Jersey row house on top of a hill. Nothing special about it. Although everything looks a little special when it’s SNOWING like this. Snow covers the road. Puffs of it float down under the streetlights. Mom, Gwen, and Lily are each sitting in a DRESSER DRAWER in the middle of the street. The girls are in parkas, boots and nightgowns, with excited looks on their faces. Gwen has Snoopy with her. Mom hasn’t put on a coat.
1) 3) dialog: We know how to have fun. As they dig their drawers out of the snowbank:
1) 5) dialog: (a familiar refrain) -- what’s the frigging point?
2) 0) text: Gwen is one of TWENTY GIRLS doing The SCHOOL NURSE comes in, They both turn to look at Gwen. The Nurse leads Gwen and Lily down the hallway, holding Their heels CLIP CLIP on the shiny floor. their hands.
3) 0) text: Gwen and Lily are sitting, AUNT HELEN. cinched belt, Everything about Aunt Helen is tight: her pursed lips.
3) 8) text: ORGAN MUSIC. About FORTY MOURNERS are in the pews. Aunt Helen enters, holding Gwen and Lily’s hands. hey sit in a pew and take off their coats. Aunt Helen PRAYS. Gwen sits there for a beat, CLACKING her heels together. She CLACKS her feet against Lily’s. But Lily yanks her feet out of range and looks the other way. Gwen sits there a beat more. Then she notices the CASKET on the altar. She stares at it. Then, with Aunt Helen still bent in prayer, she gets up walks toward it. . Gwen marches up to the casket, gets up on her fippy-toes, and looks in. There’s Mom, laid out ail peaceful. Gwen stares for a moment. Then:
4) 0) text: A weird, unfamiliar house. Gwen watches AUNT HELEN, whose irritation is palpable, making up a sofabed. Lily sits in a corner, staring into space.
4) 3) text: ; _ AUNT HELEN (cont‘d) This is just for now. Till we figure out something more permanent. She gives them each AN AWKWARD PAT on the head and LEAVES. Lily opens her suitcase and starts unpacking. Gwen watches, then pulls out a drawer and looks at it for a moment. She pulls it all the way out and looks at the METAL RUNNER along the bottom. he looks up at Lily.
4) 5) dialog: It’s not a sled. It’s a drawer. Put it back. Gwen looks at Lily, neatly filing her clothes away, and thinks about this. Finally, she puts the drawer back and starts unpacking. Then, under her breath:
19) 7) dialog: You know what I can’t figure out? Which pisses me off more: your being late, or your coming at all.
19) 9) dialog: Right, to watch me marry -- how was it you put it last night? -- “a guy with as much personality as a tube sock.” On Gwen, horrified, as the memory hits her:
21) 4) dialog: Gwen? When you're old and alone and you have nothing to do on holidays because you've alienated everyone you‘ ve ever met, I want you to “remember these words: You make it impossible to love you. She hands Gwen a bouquet and swooshes out, followed by her two other Bridesmaids. Gwen stands there a moment. |
23) 0) text: Gwen is standing with Lily, Andrew, the Minister, and the Best Man. Lily and Andrew KISS. Gwen's head bobs around like one of those bouncy-neck dolls in the back of a car.
24) 0) text: Reception. A SMALL BAND is playing Lester Lanin-like wedding music. Some tame wedding dancing going on. Lily and Andrew are greeting people in a receiving line. Gwen and vasper snake through the crowd holding big, fat drinks, still loopy. Their speech is loose and jangly.
88) 0) text: Her room is clean. She’s back on her bed, wondering what to do now. After a moment, she opens her journal up toa fresh page, stares at it, then Starts writing. ON THE PAGE: “Dear Lily ...” 45.
122) 1) dialog: Hi, you've reached the home of Lily and Andrew. Please leave acc Just as Gwen is about to hang up again, someone picks up. (CONTINUED)
122) 4) dialog: (sunny and ringing) Hello? Hello? Sorry -- Let me just -- turn this machine -- there. Okay. Sorry. Hello?
122) 5) text: Hi. There’s silence. No reaction. . A darker tone. Suddenly Lily’s not so sunny and Beat. GWEN (cont’d) It’s me. Gwen.
122) 6) dialog: I know who me is. happy. LILY (0.8.) (cont'd) Why are you calling? Do you need money or something?
122) 8) dialog: Cause I'm not giving you any more money. Ever.
122) 10) dialog: Yes.
122) 12) dialog: Yes, I read it. Yes, I got it. Yes. Then, cautiously:
122) 14) dialog: Yeah? And what were you kind of hoping I'd say? Congratulations on pu ling yourself together? I’m here £ you need me? f have faith in you? I love you? That kind of thing? -- (CONTINUED)
122) 18) dialog: ~~ because if that's the letter you want, I’m sure you can dig it up somewhere, I’ve written ft five or six times. I’m not gonna write it again. Gwen leans against the wall, weaker by the second,
122) 20) dialog: Great. Glad to hear it.
122) 23) dialog: You never do. You never mean anything. (beat) I’ve got to go; this soup is boiling. (beat) There’s a limit, you know? There is, The line goes dead. Gwen stands there, devastated,
166) 0) text: The sun’s setting. Gwen’s still sitting there. ACROSS THE LAWN, she sees someone coming toward the dorm. It’s Lily. Gwen stands bo Lily sees her, pauses, then heads toward her. When she gets there:
166) 1) dialog: Hi. An awkward beat. Lily holds out a small shopping bag. LILY (cont’d) I brought you ... fruitcake. Gwen doesn’t take it. Lily suddenly feels so stupid. LILY (cont'd) Fruitcake, God, what a -- (beat) I’m sorry.
166) 6) dialog: No, I shouldn't have been like that. So mean. So cold. Gwen shakes her head, not wanting this. Scared of it.
166) 8) dialog: It’s not fine. It’s wrong. But anything else just seemed -- It’s so much easier to be mad.
166) 10) dialog: You’ re messed up. You're way off track. But you’re my sister. And I should take care of you. I never took care of you. Gwen looks away, trying to keep the tidal wave of emotion at bay. LILY (cont’d) I should have helped you with your homework, you know? should have let you play with me. I should walked ome with you after school. Gwen STARTS TO CRY. LILY (cont’d) Sometimes I'd be walking with my friends and I'd see you, half a block ahead, all alone. You were so little. You must have been so scared. As Gwen almost imperceptibly nods, her cry turns into a BIG CRY. Lily puts her arms around her.
166) 12) dialog: Me too, Gwennie. I’m sorry too. The big cry becomes a COLOSSAL CRY. They stand there, ROCKING gently, as Gwen SOBS and SOBS and SOBS. 106.
167) 0) text: Gwen and Lily are sitting against the tree.
167) 2) dialog: I’ve spent maybe fifteen years living a with chat feeling. It’s a feeling. Gwen looks at Lily. Sees how hard it’s been.
167) 4) dialog: Yeah. Well. The thing I never told you is, it’s equally impossible not to ove you. Gwen rests her head on Lily’s shoulder.
176) 1) dialog: There’s lasagna in the freezer and clean sheets on the bed. If also went ahead and threw away all your liquor and drugs. Figured you wouldn’t mind. Call when you get in. Love, Lily. Gwen looks in her fridge. It’s full of food. She stands there in the kitchen, not knowing what to do. Her eyes drift toward a cupboard. She opens it. It’s empty. Just round dust rings where bottles used to be. (CONTINUED)