0) 2) dialog: Girls! Get up! It’s magic outside! She flicks on the light. Mom’s a party girl without the arty. A fading meauty erying to wring some fun out of er increasingly dull life. rinking is a start. Gwen and her sister LILY, 7 squint against the light.
0) 4) dialog: Nonsense. Come on, lazyheads. Get up and go get your sleds. Right away.
0) 6) dialog: You don’t? (they shake their heads} Well then we’ll just have to improvise. (CONTINUED)
1) 0) text: A cheep New Jersey row house on top of a hill. Nothing special about it. Although everything looks a little special when it’s SNOWING like this. Snow covers the road. Puffs of it float down under the streetlights. Mom, Gwen, and Lily are each sitting in a DRESSER DRAWER in the middle of the street. The girls are in parkas, boots and nightgowns, with excited looks on their faces. Gwen has Snoopy with her. Mom hasn’t put on a coat.
1) 1) dialog: Ready, set -- GO! They PUSH OFF and start down the hill. WHEEE! The drawers skid over bumps, carom against snowbanks. The girls and Mom LAUGH and SCREAM as they gain speed. At the bottom of the hill, they SLAM into a snowbank .and spill into the snow. They all LAUGH hysterically.
1) 2) dialog: Hey, do we know how to have fun, or do we know how to have fun?
1) 4) dialog: And that’s what matters, right? Cause if you’re not having fun, peanuts --
1) 6) dialog: Exactly. What’s the frigging point? They all put their drawers on top of their heads and head back up the hill. INT. MOM’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY Mom is asleep on the floor in last night’s sledding clothes. Gwen and Lily are squatting next to her in school uniforms. Gwen blows on her face. No reaction. Lily pinches her cheek. Nothing. Gwen pinches harder. Nada. Lily hauls off and SLAPS Mom HARD. Mom GRUNTS and rolls over. Satisfied she’s alive, Lily and Gwen leave. INT. GWEN’S CLASSROOM - DAY It’s SPRING outside. multiplication tables aloud. whispers to the TEACHER.
3) 8) text: ORGAN MUSIC. About FORTY MOURNERS are in the pews. Aunt Helen enters, holding Gwen and Lily’s hands. hey sit in a pew and take off their coats. Aunt Helen PRAYS. Gwen sits there for a beat, CLACKING her heels together. She CLACKS her feet against Lily’s. But Lily yanks her feet out of range and looks the other way. Gwen sits there a beat more. Then she notices the CASKET on the altar. She stares at it. Then, with Aunt Helen still bent in prayer, she gets up walks toward it. . Gwen marches up to the casket, gets up on her fippy-toes, and looks in. There’s Mom, laid out ail peaceful. Gwen stares for a moment. Then:
4) 3) text: ; _ AUNT HELEN (cont‘d) This is just for now. Till we figure out something more permanent. She gives them each AN AWKWARD PAT on the head and LEAVES. Lily opens her suitcase and starts unpacking. Gwen watches, then pulls out a drawer and looks at it for a moment. She pulls it all the way out and looks at the METAL RUNNER along the bottom. he looks up at Lily.
22) 0) text: Procession time. Gwen is waiting her turn. After a moment, she discreetly pulls a BOTTLE OF PILLS out of her pocket, pops a couple, washes them down with Holy Water, then heads up the aisle.
41) 24) text: She turns her nose back into her book. Gwen looks at her a moment, then heads into the bathroom.
45) 85) text: ixteen. Gwen stares at her a moment, then turns the light back off. More CRINKLING. This is going to be a long night. INT. GWEN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Andcea’s asleep. The sound of VOMITING. INT. GWEN’S BATHROCM - NIGHT Gwen looks in the mirror, Not a pretty sight. Her quivery, bleary-eyed, ashen reflection looks back at her. As Gwen stares at herself, her Reflection starts LAUGHING at her. Gwen steps away from the mirror, unnerved. INT. GWEN’S BATHROOM - DAY Gwen is asleep on the tile floor. There’s a KNOCK on the bedroom door. Bobbie Jean pokes her head in the room.
54) 33) text: “It's different this time. All thos other times my Mom put me in. This the first time I did it myself. That’s the only way it works, if you’ re doing it for yourself.
88) 0) text: Her room is clean. She’s back on her bed, wondering what to do now. After a moment, she opens her journal up toa fresh page, stares at it, then Starts writing. ON THE PAGE: “Dear Lily ...” 45.
105) 5) text: ~ me 58, CONTINUED: 2 me . ANDREA (cont'd) Listen, could borrow some clothes or spaeshing? My mom’s coming today, aad she’s alf freaky about how I dress.
191) 7) text: She knows a moment. scans the 120. what he means. They share a look. It’s al But they both pack off. Gwen looks away, most vast stadium.