45) 0) text: Andrea leads Gwen up to a table with a PARKER HOUSE sign on it. Seated at it are some Parker House residents: * BOBBIE JEAN: 60, Southern, pudgy, sweet as molasses; * DANIEL, 45, well-dressed; kind of handsome in an angry, beat-up kind of way, with a SCAR on his neck; * ROSHONDA, 35, black, all braids, bosoms, and maternal instinct. * OLIVER, 30, Park Avenue party boy, born with a silver spoon up his nose. * GERHARDT: 26, German accent and poofy hair; in a tight T-shirt that says “Denial Is Not Just River In Egypt.” (CONTINUED)
45) 5) text: “Hi“’s all around. Gwen gives them all a wan smile and sits next to Bobbie Jean. Oliver turns to Gerhardt.
45) 6) dialog: Booze.
45) 22) dialog: Yes! Come to Papa. As Gerhardt and Roshonda hand Oliver their desserts, Oliver smiles and WINKS at Gwen. She looks away, toward Oaniel. The minute her eyes hit him, he barks at her:
45) 30) dialog: Actually, when you think about it, Helen Keller was probably --
52) 0) text: Gwen, chomping on candy, is seated in a circle with Andrea, Oliver, Bobbie Jean, Roshonda, Daniel, Gerhardt and EVELYN, the bosomy, overly attentive group leader ON BOBBIE JEAN, smiling politely, though tense.
52) 17) dialog: ++. any party worth being at there'd bea owt of Peruvian flake on the coffee table. Usually right by the nuts. ON GERHARDT, on the verge of tears, struggling to talk. ON ROSHONDA, continuing.
55) 0) text: While Rod Stewart’s “Do Ya Think I'm Sexy” BLARES, about THIRTY PATIENTS do aerobics. Among them: Andrea works out hard; Bobbie Jean, new to exercise, is following as best she can; Gerhardt is pouring his pelvis into every move; and Oliver is in back, watching the women’s asses.
58) 0) text: As Gwen heads back, Oliver's door opens and a FEMALE PATIENT from aerobics emerges, looking satisfied. Gwen catches eyes with Oliver, who’s in his doorway ina monogrammed bathrobe that’s flapping open, revealing all.
58) 1) dialog: (with a smile) Just lending her my Big Book. Oh, please. Gwen walks by without even pausing.
66) 0) text: Everyone is doing chores. Oliver looks at Gerhardt.
66) 1) dialog: Think they’1l kick her out?
66) 3) dialog: Maybe she had a good reason. ROSHONDA . A good reason? Boy, are you learning anything here? INT. CORNELL‘’S OFFICE - DAY Gwen is talking to Cornell, He’s very calm. She's struggling with a vicious hangover,
88) 5) dialog: (to Roshonda}) But before open-heart surgery, well, that’s a different thing entirely. Gwen enters with a letter in her hand, talks to no one.
91) 0) text: on Chanting time. Gwen stands in a circle with all the other Parker House residents, self-consciously CHANTING along, feeling like an idiot. 46. EXT. BLUE RIDGE, BY THE GYM - Day Oliver is Practicing golf. Whoosh. A nice drive into the lake. Beside him, Daniel lines up a drive and SWINGS. Shank. The ball careens off to the side.
92) 0) text: Daniel, Bobbie Jean, Oliver and Gerhardt are eating.
92) 11) dialog: Gerhardt‘s a stripper, Bobbie Jean.
101) 27) dialog: That’s more than a little scary. Nobody raises any more objections. Andrea takes a seat. OANIEL ... Well, obviously, I get a seat too.
101) 46) dialog: Well, look, I can‘t do a damn thing. But my family’s worth 300 mil, and I'm the only heir. They’d keep looking for me forever.
106) 2) text: Gwen, in Andrea‘’s jeans, is pacing around the porch. She looks around the visitor-heavy campus and sees: * Oliver with HIS FATHER, a stern, 60-ish statue of a man who's writing Oliver a check without looking at him. * Eddie walking by with a very slick MAN IN AN ITALIAN SUIT and SUNGLASSES, carrying a briefcase. * Roshonda’s THREE KIOS running toward her. They jump all over her. Her ex-husband watches froma distance. Gwen hears a match strike. She turns to see Daniel alone in a corner of the porch, lighting a cigarette.
112) 0) text: Gwen and Andrea come down the hall in HIKING CLOTHES. Oliver's door opens and A WOMAN comes out, tousled, bids e, t
113) 1) dialog: Hello! I'm getting blisters!
114) 1) dialog: Did you hear me? I'm definitely getting blisters!
119) 0) text: Oliver is buying a MOUNTAIN of candy and chips. Andrea are stoc ing up on gum. Andrea’ “Lydie” song. Sh h s Gwen and $ singing the e@ has a cool, clear soprano, :
127) 7) dialog: Only 3 out of ten of us will. So, when you think about it, the odds of you and me making it are better if he goes back to using. A ghoulish thought.
129) 0) text: Gwen, Eddie, Andrea and Bobbie Jean are all watching “Santa Cruz”. Oliver comes in and squeezes in next to Gwen. He uses the close quarters as an excuse to slip his arm around her shoulders. She gives him a look -- never in a million years.
129) 1) dialog: Have I mentioned -- very, very rich. He’s kidding. Gwen laughs.
131) 6) dialog: Thank you, thank you. So proud.
132) 0) text: Gwen is inspecting. Bobbie Jean and her roommate are there. The room’s immaculate. INT. PARKER HOUSE, OLIVER’S ROOM - DAY Gwen is inspecting. Oliver's side of the room is a pig sty. Oliver shoves a twenty into Gwen’s fine jar. INT. PARKER HOUSE, ROSHONDA’S ROOM - DAY While Gwen inspects, Roshonda eyes Gwen’s unkempt hair. Finally she drags Gwen into her bathroom.
134) 0) text: Gwen and Eddie comes to find a Oliver, Roshonda, Gerhardt, and TWO DEPRESSED PATIENTS in bathrobes scurrying around. Bobbie Jean comes by in her pajamas.
135) 2) dialog: Left foot ... Seconol. All the left feet reach for RED DOTS. OLIVER spins again. OLIVER (cont’d) Left hand Valium.
135) 4) dialog: Five. Everyone reaches for the YELLOW DOTS.
135) 6) dialog: Right foot ... cabernet. Bobbie Jean slaps her right foot on a RED DOT. (CONTINUED)
136) 1) dialog: Right hand ... Xanax. Everyone reaches for BLUE DOTS. Gwen's hand lands right. on top of Eddie's. Her fingers slip through his.
136) 3) dialog: Left foot Seconol. Bobbie Jean and Roshonda foppie over, knocking everyone else down. Eddie lands right on top of Gwen. Their faces are inches away from each other. As everyone untangles, Eddie and Gwen lie there, him on top of her, a little breathless. Finally:
140) 31) dialog: It was lunchtime. He brought a picnic. With wine.
140) 46) dialog: You must not be committed to your recovery.
140) 59) dialog: I say she dumps him.
140) 75) dialog: That’s what it sounded like.
144) 1) text: A FAKE CHRISTMAS TREE has been set up. Gerhardt, Roshonda, Bobbie Jean and Oliver are all looking at it.
144) 9) dialog: Less money. Everyone’s stunned. It’s the first sincere thing Oliver's said.
151) 0) text: Gwen is at Oliver’s door: She’s handing a copy to Vanessa, as Oliver, behind her, pulls on his robe.
153) 0) text: Lunchtime, The Cafeteria is PACKED with PATIENTS AND THEIR VISITORS. Oaniel is sitting with Oliver, Vanessa and a few other patients. Andrea is with her mother, talking animatedly. Gwen stands on a chair and addresses the room.
171) 0) text: Oliver, Gerhardt, Bobbie Jean, Vanessa, Daniel, Evelyn and Cornell are all gathered around, saying good-bye. No Eddie. Gwen is hugging Bobbie Jean. There’s a HONK.