12) 1) text: The nursery owner enters with his wife followed by Alma.
12) 2) dialog: JUll take us two minutes to pack.
12) 3) text: The wile ppears inside the main house. They are standing The nursery owner goes inside for a moment and comes back sweatshirt. He finds Elliot staring at the rows of plants
12) 9) dialog: All types of plants have shown the capability of releasing chemicals into the air. Tobacco plants, cotton plants... it would appear all plants.
12) 12) dialog: They work on a system of triggers usually. A certain amount of a leaf being eaten... A certain amount of plants dying. After the first tr i set, more and more tri added. It will multiply rapidly. The plants getting more and more sensitive, By the end of an event like this, a drop of a caterpillar’s saliva could set it offa field of trees. (beat) Let’s hope the final trigger in this, isnt everyone just dies.
12) 20) text: The Nursery owner looks at Alma and smiles.
12) 21) dialog: He's quite an optimist.
16) 18) dialog: 1 think [ have binoculars in the trunk
17) 0) text: Elliot and the nursery owner are standing next to the car the binoculars and then hands them to Elliot. Tiot holds them up to his eyes. WE SEE THROUGH A BINOCUALARS’ VIEW. THE COUNTRY ROAD WIND
18) 4) text: The jeep pulls up to the imtersecti MILITARY MAN steps ou Le approaches the nursery owner's car.
18) 10) dialog: There’s a town about cight miles behind us. There were bodies on the road into town.
18) 17) text: a) their windo ed Everyone in the nursery owner’s car turns 4s a vehicle ap direction. It's a truck. It’s full of people. NURSERY OWNER’S WIFE Vil talk to them. gets out of the car and moves to the truck as it pulls up
19) 2) dialog: There’s a woman who has her daughter on the phone. She’s talking to her in Princeton.
20) 3) text: The nursery owner and his wife are seated in the front se Alma looks through the window. She sees Elliot standing w Alma sces the nursery owner Watching her in the rearview
20) 34) text: it’s the rai multiply surgical. eluting more He stares at the Nursery owner. ‘The Nursery owner nods.
20) 69) text: grass. The nursery owner looks nervously out at the acres and ac JJTE WIND BEGINS TO GUST ACROSS THE FIELD. The nursery owner whispers to the person next to him.
20) 77) dialog: Sometimes | thought they were listening.
20) 81) dialog: Private Auster?
20) 83) text: and becomes very placid. He reaches M. ‘The nursery owner watches as the military man turns down and UNBUCKLES THE HOLSTER HOLDING JIS FIRES
20) 84) text: Beat. The nursery owner's face goes white. He looks aroun them Ile takes his wife’s hand who stands with him.
20) 85) dialog: I knew it wasn’t my breathing.