1) 3) dialog: I'm not sorry.
2) 0) text: It's a frenetic hand-held shot as Lila is pulled from a p car and dragged into the precinct house. Cameras flash.  Reporters shout questions. Lila attempts to shield her fa from view, but she is handcuffed and can only manage to h her shoulders.
3) 0) text: A ratty interrogation room. Institutional green walls. Beat-up file cabinets. Dark. A bit of fluorescent light s in through the frosted glass door. Lila, thirties, sits a the end of a long table. A reel-to-reel tape recorder whi in front of her. She is smoking. Three fat, mean-looking  cops sit in shadows at the other end of the table. One of the cops eyes her lasciviously. Lila's hand shakes as she brings the cigarette to her mouth.
3) 1) dialog: I'm not sorry. So I spend the rest  of my life in jail. So what? I've  been in jail my whole life anyway. A  jail of blood and tissue and coursing  hormones...
3) 3) dialog: ...a jail called the human body.
3) 4) text: The lascivious cop smiles lasciviously at Lila's referenc to "human body."
3) 5) dialog: My soul held prisoner in this reeking,  stench-ridden bag of bones and  entrails. A bag of feces and piss  and fibroid cysts in my tits and  precancerous moles on my sun-damaged  back...
3) 6) text: The lascivious cop gags, then vomits on the floor. Lila d on her cigarette, calmer now.
3) 7) dialog: At least now I'll be able to blame  the state, not God, for my  incarceration.
6) 0) text: Lila watches the slowly churning tape recorder reels, fix The cop who vomited is mopping it up. The other two are  sipping coffee. Lila talks.
6) 1) dialog: My story begins when I was twelve.
7) 0) text: It's got that faded, "memory" look. Twelve year old Lila  hurries home from school, books clutched to her chest. Other kids walk along the street in pairs or groups, laug and chatting. Lila walks alone, a worried scowl on her fa
7) 1) dialog: Something terrible happened when I  was twelve.
8) 0) text: Colors are still muted. It looks to be somewhere in the e 70's based on the preponderance of Bay City Rollers poste on the wall. Twelve year old Lila enters the room, closes the door, locks it, rattles the doorknob to make sure tha the door is really locked. She draws the shades. She pull some t-shirts from her dresser drawer and stuffs them int the space between the bottom of the door and the floor.
8) 2) dialog: Drop dead, Eric.
8) 3) text: Lila stands nervously in front of the full-length mirror her closet door. She takes a deep breath and begins to  unbutton her shirt, watching herself carefully in the mir
8) 5) text: Lila's shirt is now unbuttoned. She pulls it open. She is wearing a training bra over the very beginning of breast  buds. On the chest above the bra, and on her stomach belo it, is hair. Dark curly hair. She stares at it, touches i cautiously. Then she starts to cry. She crouches into a b and weeps.
9) 0) text: Old fashioned office. Twelve year old Lila sits on the  examination table, her shirt off. An elderly male doctor  touches the hair, fingers it. Her mother looks on.
9) 2) text: Young Lila turns to the camera.
9) 3) dialog: By the time I was twenty I looked  like an ape.
10) 0) text: The cop who vomited, gags again. Lila stares at him. Her  face is hard, blank. She stubs out her cigarette.
20) 0) text: Lila lights a new cigarette with her spent one. She drags
20) 1) dialog: Oh, I had sexual urges. I had the  urge to merge, officers. Inside I  was 100% Grade A female. (laughs derisively) But what self-loathing I felt! Who  would have someone as repulsive, as  unladylike as me? I did everything I  could to shield the world from this  repulsiveness.
21) 0) text: Stockings hang over the shower curtain rod. The window sh is drawn. Towels are stuffed in the space under the door. twenty year old naked Lila is covered with shaving cream, face to feet. She is shaving. There is a pounding on the  door.
21) 2) dialog: Nothing! I'll be out in a minute!
21) 3) text: The door opens. Lila freezes.
21) 5) text: Lila is mortified.
22) 0) text: Lila is sitting in her bathrobe on her bed and staring ou the window. There is a bit of shaving cream behind her ea Her roommate runs back and forth getting ready for her da
22) 2) dialog: It's embarrassing, okay?
22) 4) dialog: Yeah, Natalie. It's hair. It grows.
22) 6) dialog: How is that helping, Natalie? How  exactly?
22) 8) dialog: Why, because I'm a freak and you are  beautiful, and you are being nice  enough to come down to my freak,  nonbeautiful level and act concerned  about my repulsive troubles?
22) 10) text: The door slams. Lila hugs her knees to her chest.
22) 11) dialog: At sixty dollars an hour, electrolysis  was not a feasible solution. I  explored my alternatives.
23) 0) text: Twelve year old Lila walks sadly through an art museum. s looks at various old portraits of men. She studies their  facial hair. When she turns a corner, she is shocked to s a large Renaissance painting of a naked woman entirely co with fur. She hurries to it. She looks at the placard nex to the painting. It is a painting of Mary Magdalene.
23) 1) dialog: I remember once coming across a  painting of Mary Magdalene entirely  covered with fur. I guess that's  where I got the idea that maybe the  Catholic Church might be a place  that encouraged excessive hair growth  in its women.
24) 0) text: Lila, in a nun's habit, is on her knees praying.
24) 1) dialog: So I became a nun.
24) 2) dialog: Heavenly Father... (sighs) ...please let this hair go away.
24) 3) dialog: But my prayers were always so selfish.
25) 0) text: A bunch of naked women dance and chat around a campfire. Lila is there, pretty hairy. So are many of the other wom
25) 1) dialog: I tried being a lesbian separatist.
25) 3) dialog: But I guess I just wasn't attracted  to women, even hostile, man-hating,  hairy ones who wore sensible shoes.
26) 0) text: Lila, in a full beard, sits on a throne before a crowd of gawking, dumb-looking, mouth-breathing children. Next to on a separate stage is a sour-looking, middle-aged midget man sitting on a throne, staring blankly into space.
26) 1) dialog: For a while I was a professional  circus freak.
27) 0) text: Lila, in a Santa suit, with beard sprayed white, sits on throne in front of a crowd of gawking, dumb-looking, mout breathing children. One of them is on her lap. Next to he sits the sour midget, dressed in an elf suit.
27) 1) dialog: During the holiday season, they made  us wear costumes.
27) 2) dialog: (depressed) Ho ho ho.
27) 4) text: The kid pulls Lila's beard.
27) 5) dialog: Ow! You little fuck.
27) 6) dialog: Aside from the great dental, this  occupation was not pleasant.
28) 0) text: Lila walks home. She's wrapped in winter clothing, but we can still see a bit of her white beard. It's snowing. The street is deserted. She spots a lighted window, she peers in. It's a warm family scene. Large group of chatting,  laughing people. Fire in the fireplace. Big turkey on the table.
28) 1) dialog: They say the holidays are difficult  for a lot of people.
28) 2) text: Lila looks down the street and sees dozens of lonely-look people peering forlornly in warmly lit windows. Some on  ladders to peer in second-floor windows. Lila sighs.
29) 0) text: The room is lit with candles. Lila finishes shaving herse all over. Then she takes the double-edged blade out of th razor and climbs into the a bathtub filled with warm wate She is about to slice her wrists.
29) 1) dialog: I decided there was something poetic  about killing myself with a razor  blade.
29) 2) text: On the shelf next to the tub a little gray mouse watches intently. At first she is startled, but then she and the  creature seem to be communing. His little black beady eye reflect the light. Lila starts to cry. She puts down the  blade.
30) 0) text: Lila wipes a tear from her eye.
30) 1) dialog: The way that mouse looked at me.  There was no judgement. It didn't  care if I had hair all over my body.  I was just what I was. I felt so  free. Do you understand what I'm  saying?
30) 4) text: Lila sighs.
31) 0) text: We see a tent in a clearing. A smoking campfire. There is rustling inside the tent. Lila steps out naked. She is co with fur. She pours a cup of coffee, and stands, comforta in her skin, watching the world around her. Squirrels jump from tree to tree, birds look down at her. She smiles.
31) 1) dialog: Birds and squirrels and rocks and  trees didn't seem to judge my hair.  I felt at peace when there were no  humans around. I figured out a way  to spend as much time as possible  with no people around. I became a  nature writer.
31) 2) text: Lila picks up a pad and pen from a rock, sits on the rock and writes.
32) 0) text: A woman under a hair drier reads a book intently. We see first sentence of the chapter: "Last night I almost died this mountain top." We hear Lila's dramatic reading compe with the very loud sound of the hair drier.
32) 1) dialog: Last night I almost died on this  mountain top, and the irony is I had  never felt more alive.
33) 0) text: There is a violent, violent storm. The hair drier drone h turned into the explosive noise of rain beating down in s and wind howling at fifty miles an hour. Branches crack.  Lila's tent blows over, revealing her huddled there with sleeping bag wrapped around her like a blanket.
33) 1) dialog: I knew it was coming when in late  afternoon, a thunderhead drifted  over, sneaking in like kids through  the back door of a movie theater,  forced casual. It turned the sky a  queer shade of green. A green that  said "watch out, baby, this is gonna  hurt like hell." I could've  hightailed, but that would be  cheating. Part of the Nature  experience is recognizing its mastery  over you, your smallness in the face  of it.
33) 2) text: Lightning hits a tree nearby. It falls with a smack  practically on top of Lila. She screams, then defiantly  stands, throwing off the sleeping bag. The wind and rain  whip her hair around her head. She laughs with amazing gu and raise her arms like a runner winning a marathon.
33) 3) dialog: As Nietzsche said, what does not  kill me makes me stronger, and that  goes double if you're a woman.
34) 0) text: We see many copies of a book entitled "Wind in my Hair" b Lila Jute.
34) 1) dialog: I became a successful nature writer.
35) 0) text: We see a woman under a hair drier reading "Wind in my Hai We pull back to see that a long row of women under hair d are reading Lila's book. They all stand defiantly, proudl knocking their hair driers up and back as they do. The blowing hair driers whip the women's wet hair around  their heads. The blowing hair drier drone is unbearably l
35) 1) dialog: Then I became a famous nature writer.  I said to myself, fuck humanity...
36) 0) text: A big display of the book "Fuck Humanity" by Lila Jute. A long line of women with beautifully coiffured hair snakes out of the store.
36) 1) dialog: ...and I became a recluse. I had a  menagerie of animals at my house.  They loved me because I was me. They  loved me on the days I shaved. They  loved me on the days I didn't. For a  while this was enough.
37) 0) text: Lila lies in bed tapping on a lap top. A dog lies with he and licks her knee. She seems to enjoy it, and gets lost a reverie. The dog morphs into a handsome man, kissing he knee and working his way up her thigh and under her night Lila is getting seriously hot and bothered. Her head loll But the reverie dissipates and the man turns back into a rooting around her crotch with his cold nose. She pushes away. The dejected dog gets off the bed.
37) 1) dialog: By the time I was thirty I was very,  very horny.
37) 2) text: Lila gets out of bed and studies herself in the mirror. S brushes her hands against her hairy body.
37) 3) dialog: I had to have a man in my... life.  At any cost. I would become what I  needed to become to achieve this. I  would become a hairless lie.
37) 4) text: The mirror image of Lila shimmers and turns into Lila wit no body hair. Lila all made-up and with a smart new hairs She assumes a coquettish pose and smiles cutely at hersel
37) 5) dialog: I was rich enough for electrolysis  by this time, so I began the long  arduous process of having each  inappropriate hair burned out of my  body at the root.
38) 0) text: Lila talks. One of the cops is doodling. One is picking w from his ear with a pencil. One is reading a paperback no under the table.
38) 1) dialog: This is when everything changed, and  this is where my confession really  begins.
39) 0) text: Lila lies shirtless on a table while Rose, her fifty year old electrologist, works on her back.
39) 2) dialog: Ouch. Yeah?
39) 4) dialog: I love it, Rose. I'm getting to be a  real girl.
39) 6) dialog: Always. Ow.
39) 8) dialog: Tell me. I could use someone up my  alley.
39) 10) dialog: Shut up and tell me.
39) 12) dialog: Loves animals? Ouch. Must love  animals, Rose.
39) 14) dialog: What do you mean?
39) 16) dialog: Holy shit. Your brother didn't tell  him about the nature of our  relationship, did he?
39) 18) dialog: (rubbing her hand  over her jaw) Won't he be able to tell?
39) 20) dialog: God, he must be really close to your  brother to tell him such personal  stuff.
40) 0) text: It's a chi-chi place. Lila sits at a table with Nathan,  fastidious in dress and manner. There is an awkward first silence. She sneaks a glance at his crotch. Then:
40) 2) dialog: Thank you so much. I love slugs. All  slugs, not just banana slugs.
40) 4) dialog: They're so even keel. They forge  ahead with slow determination. They  don't get distracted or side-tracked.  They don't care what they look like. They don't care that people look at  them and go, "Ewww. A slug."
40) 6) dialog: You've got to respect that.
40) 8) dialog: Where?
40) 10) dialog: That's not necessarily a bad thing.
40) 12) dialog: I'm not sure we can escape our  natures. Believe me I've tried. I'm  not even so sure anymore that we  should want to.
40) 14) dialog: (feigning surprise) You are a therapist, right?
40) 16) dialog: I hope you don't perform any of those  dreadful torture experiments, Nathan.
40) 18) dialog: (beat. doesn't know  what to say) How's it going?
40) 20) dialog: Paper or cloth?
40) 22) dialog: What's the larger experiment?
40) 24) dialog: Going out on a limb, aren't you,  Nathan?
40) 26) dialog: I'm not sure.
40) 28) dialog: We are animals after all.
40) 30) text: Nathan blushes. Lila stares at him for a long moment. Her thoughts are unreadable.
41) 0) text: Lila lies on her back. Rose works on her breasts.
41) 2) dialog: I really like him, Rose. He's so... (searching) ...passionate about his work.
41) 4) dialog: (pleased) Really?
46) 0) text: The table is elegantly set, candlelit. Lila sits at it wh Nathan fusses in the kitchenette. Something classical waf over from the stereo in the living room. Nathan places a  salad in front of Lila and sits across from her with his salad.
46) 1) dialog: It looks wonderful.
46) 3) text: Lila picks up a fork from the inside of her setting, not outside. Nathan blinks. Lila tastes the salad.
46) 4) dialog: Um-mmm. Oh Nathan, this salad is  delish...
46) 6) dialog: I'm sorry?
46) 8) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry. (picks up correct  fork) I'm sorry, Nathan. I never really  learned those things.
46) 11) dialog: Boy, this is good!
46) 13) dialog: No, I'm sorry. I'm really backward  in certain areas.
46) 15) dialog: You do?
46) 17) dialog: You really enjoy my company?
46) 19) text: Nathan pounds his forehead with his fist. Lila waves her  hand to indicate that it's fine. She doesn't say anything because she's chewing.
46) 21) dialog: I like you, too, Nathan.
46) 23) dialog: Yeah (beat) But I have some peculiarities also.
46) 25) text: Lila takes a deep breath, about to go into it, thinks bet of it.
46) 26) dialog: Like nothing.
46) 27) text: Nathan smiles, relieved. Lila smiles back. Nathan recoils slightly, skittishly half-points to his bared teeth. Apparently there's a piece of food stuck in Lila's teeth. She closes her mouth, runs her tongue over her teeth, smi again, mouth closed.
47) 0) text: Rose is doing Lila's feet.
47) 2) dialog: I cannot believe how in love I am  with this man.
47) 4) dialog: He's so cute. I even like his cute  little penis. It's like a little  pig's penis or something. (beat) Rose, we connect on every level.  I've finally found someone I can  feel completely safe with.
47) 6) dialog: One night stand?
47) 8) dialog: Marrying a midget was a cheap thrill?
47) 10) dialog: I didn't know you were into that  sort of thing.
47) 12) dialog: (screams with delight,  then:) I have a friend you might like to  meet.
47) 14) dialog: Three foot one.
47) 16) dialog: Rose, Nathan's no midget, but he's  asked me to move in with him.
47) 18) dialog: And I think I'm going to.
49) 0) text: Nathan, Lila, and Nathan's parents (looking very, very ol sit at the dining room table. Salad is about to be eaten, and everyone glances sideways over at Lila, waiting for h to make her move. She reaches for the wrong fork, correct herself and picks the salad fork. Nathan breathes a sigh relief. His mother looks disappointed, clucks. They eat i silence. Finally:
49) 1) dialog: It's lovely to finally meet you, Mr.  and Mrs. Bronfman. I've heard so  much about you and I've seen you in  photographs from Nathan's childhood,  but it's nice to meet you in the  flesh. I must say, you look exactly  the same as in the photographs.
49) 4) dialog: Nathan!
49) 9) dialog: (awkward) Goodness, you two look exactly as  you did in those old photos.
49) 13) text: The father and Nathan laugh at mother's joke. Lila joins weakly, against her better judgment.
49) 15) text: Lila hesitates.
50) 2) dialog: (pissy) I'll be out in a minute.
50) 4) dialog: You didn't seem sorry when you were  laughing at all your mother's stupid,  tasteless, cruel animal jokes.
50) 6) dialog: Do you?
50) 8) text: Lila emerges from the bathroom, radiant, hopeful.
50) 9) dialog: Do you? Oh do you, darling?
50) 11) text: Lila happily leaps into bed. She smothers Nathan with kis
50) 12) dialog: Oh, darling. I'm so relieved. Let's  celebrate with a long hike in the  woods tomorrow!
50) 15) dialog: It'll be wonderful! I'll show you my  old stomping grounds!
50) 19) dialog: I don't think so. (beat) Why?
51) 0) text: Nathan drives. He's dressed in spanking new, freshly star safari clothes, big shiny new hiking boots. Lila sits in front passenger seat. She is dressed in a costume identic to Nathan's, but, as opposed to Nathan, she seems awkward it. She fidgets in it, straightens it, sighs, comes to te with it, and looks dreamily out the window at the passing trees. She is home. That's all that matters.
51) 2) dialog: Yes, darling.
51) 4) dialog: Of course.
51) 6) dialog: Fifteen.
51) 8) dialog: Yes, darling.
51) 10) dialog: Yes.
51) 12) dialog: Absolutely.
51) 14) dialog: (laughs appreciatively) That's very funny.
53) 0) text: Puff's POV: Through some brush we watch Nathan and Lila  hiking. We hear Puff's loud heavy breathing and, in the  distance, the relentless gibberish chatter of Nathan and  Lila. Puff moves. Lila glances over.
54) 0) text: Lila talks.
54) 1) dialog: It was a flash of white. I ruled out  deer immediately. Too... upright.
55) 0) text: We're with Lila and Nathan now. Lila has stopped and is  peering into the distance.
55) 1) dialog: Did you see that?
55) 3) dialog: I don't know. Something.
55) 5) dialog: No. Too... upright. Might've been a  person.
55) 7) text: Lila walks in the direction of the sighting.
55) 8) dialog: Come on.
55) 10) text: Lila trudges through the brush. Nathan follows. Better th being left behind.
55) 12) text: Lila is in her element. Her whole demeanor has changed. She is tracking. She sniffs the breeze, cocks her head, m stealthily. Then she sheds her clothes, almost shaking th off, like a dog shaking off some cute costume his owner h dressed him in.
55) 14) text: Lila turns her head and glares at Nathan. There is an ani fierceness in her eye that shuts him up instantly. She turns back to pursue her prey.
57) 0) text: Puff's POV: We see a naked Lila looking in our general  direction, but not seeing us. The sun dapples her body. She moves closer and closer.
58) 1) dialog: He bolted.
59) 0) text: We are with Lila. She creeps along, when suddenly a tan,  muscular figure tears out from behind a tree and runs,  practically on all fours, through the dense underbrush. Lila follows, almost as agile as the forest creature. Nathan just stands there. The chase continues. There is a great deal of heaving and panting. Puff shimmies up a lar tree. Lila follows. Puff leaps from branch to branch. Lila follows easily. Puff swings from a vine. So does Lil Finally they come to the end of the trees, a clearing. Th is no nowhere for Puff to leap. Lila is with him in the t They are crouched, bloody, heaving, on separate branches, staring at each other. After a long moment, Lila speaks.
59) 1) dialog: Who are you?
59) 3) dialog: You don't understand my language, do  you?
59) 4) text: Puff looks at his crotch. Apparently there is some activi down there. Lila, following his eyes, glances down there  also.
59) 5) dialog: (laughing) I take it back, you do understand my  language.
59) 6) text: Puff grabs for his crotch and begins to play with himself distractedly, looking at her all the while. He falls out the tree. Lila gasps. Branches crack and snap as he passe through them and then there is an unpleasant thud when he hits the forest floor. Lila shimmies down the tree, and k by Puff. He is unconscious.
59) 7) dialog: Oh God.
59) 8) text: Nathan comes limping through the brush. Somehow his safar suit and boots are as clean and pressed as they were in t car. He is carrying Lila's clothes. Somehow he has had ti to neatly fold them.
59) 10) text: Lila looks up at icily at Nathan.
59) 12) dialog: I think he's feral.
59) 14) dialog: He looks perfectly fine.
59) 16) dialog: I don't understand you. This is  fascinating and you just want to run  away. I mean, here we have a human  being totally uncontaminated by  civilization, totally free, and all  you want to do is run back to your...
59) 18) dialog: What?
59) 20) dialog: Look at him. He doesn't understand  English. He moves like an animal.
59) 22) dialog: Nathan, what the hell are you talking  about?
59) 24) dialog: Oh no. You can't take him from his  home, Nathan.
59) 26) dialog: I won't allow you. It's wrong. He's  happy here.
59) 28) dialog: (weakening resolve) You'd be taking away his freedom,  Nathan.
59) 30) text: Lila looks off into the distance, her eyes brimming with  tears. As Nathan continues his speech, we move closer and closer into Lila's eyes. Nathan's voice fades into nothin by the time we dissolve.
60) 0) text: A naked, very hairy Lila sits by herself on the cliff and watches the sunset. There's a chill in the air and she sh and hugs herself.
60) 1) dialog: Oh God, I have no one. Nothing. You  give me this beautiful gift, this  glorious sunset. But with no one to  say "isn't that a beautiful sunset"  to, it becomes meaningless, just  another stupid sunset. They happen  everyday. So what?
61) 0) text: Lila is hovering over the unconscious Puff. Nathan's voic comes back into focus. He is still speechifying.
61) 2) dialog: All right.
65) 2) dialog: Nothing. Be right out.
65) 6) dialog: Who is it?
65) 9) dialog: Who is it?
65) 12) dialog: Who from work?
65) 15) dialog: Who is it, Nathan?
65) 18) text: Lila turns with a gasp. She has shaving cream all over he chest. Nathan looks stunned. He backs away.
65) 19) dialog: Nathan, I...
66) 0) text: The lights are low. The room is peppered with lit candles Gabrielle, in a slip, lies on her bed, eating cherries fr a bowl, and listening to Nathan and Lila's conversation o speaker.
66) 1) dialog: It's hormonal, Nathan. I can't help  it. I'm sorry.
66) 3) dialog: I'm getting electrolysis. It's  working, but it takes time. So  meanwhile I have to...
66) 5) dialog: (crying) Apes don't shave, you son of a bitch!
66) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. Please don't be mad at me  for this.
66) 9) dialog: I'm the same person I was before you  knew, damn it! Oh God!
66) 11) text: Footsteps and a door slam. Lila is near the phone now and crying in desperate heaves.
66) 12) dialog: Oh God, why... do... I... have...  to... be... like... Oh, no! Oh, shit! (rustling sound, then  into phone) Hello? Hello? Is anyone there? Who's  there?
70) 0) text: Lila is shaving herself all over. Shaving and weeping. There are nicks all over her body. She has no eyebrows an more. The hair on her head is hacked off.
71) 2) dialog: You are an animal.
71) 4) dialog: I love being female because it, how  do you say, allows me to be close to  men.
74) 0) text: Lila sits on the couch. Eyebrows are attractively drawn o her face. She wears a very femme blonde wing. Lots of mak up.
74) 1) dialog: So, how's it going today?
74) 3) dialog: Honey, can we talk tonight? You know,  about stuff? Things have been so  strained for the past three weeks,  since you know, and I just want to  talk.
75) 2) dialog: Please, Nathan. I really need this.  You've been working late a lot.
77) 0) text: Lila and Nathan eat. Lila is in her new, very feminine ma up, wig, and dress. Her table manners are impeccable, alm robotic. There is an awkward silence
77) 1) dialog: Are you seeing somebody else, Nathan?  I just have to know.
77) 3) dialog: It would just be helpful to know.
77) 5) dialog: Because, you know, you seem so  distant. And you work late every  night. And we hardly ever have sex,  and when we do, it's... I don't know.  It feels different.
77) 7) dialog: Do you like my new look?
77) 9) dialog: I'm trying, you know. (starting to cry) I'm trying to be what you want. I  want to be what you want, Nathan.  All I want is to be what you want.
77) 11) dialog: (hopefully, sniffing) Really?
77) 13) dialog: Because I'm really trying, you know.  Rosie says maybe only another two  years of the elctrolysis.
77) 15) dialog: I've signed up for a ballet class.  And look at my nails! A real girl!
77) 16) text: Lila holds out her hands. Her finger nails are polished f engine red.
77) 18) dialog: Oh, Nathan, let's have a baby!
78) 0) text: Lila holds and rocks a swaddled baby. She passes it to Na who looks at it and sees that it's a baby monkey. Nathan shudders. Lila looks on lovingly, oblivious.
84) 0) text: Lila, all prettied up and civilized and manicured, is set the table for dinner. She is humming. Nathan walks in the door. Lila doesn't hear him. He stands in the doorway for moment, watching Lila from behind. His face is blank. Lil catches sight of him. She's startled.
84) 1) dialog: Oh! (laughs) I didn't see you there, sneaky boy! (runs over and kisses  him) You're like a boy sneaking in...
84) 3) dialog: You remember that from my book? I'm  touched! (kisses him again) What's wrong?
84) 5) dialog: I'll make it. (beats him to the  portable bar) I'm so happy, Nathan! Everything's  going to be so great! Scotch on the  rocks, right? (giggles) Just kidding. I know what you drink,  mister. I know what you drink. (pours and blends and  shakes, etc.) Voila!
84) 6) text: Lila hands Nathan a frothy pink concoction with a pineapp wedge sticking out of it.
84) 8) text: Nathan stares contemplatively out the window and sips his drink. Lila watches him, comes up behind him, puts her ar around him. Nathan cringes, but tries to cover it. Lila f the cringe, but pretends not to have. She keeps her arms  around him for a moment longer, then casually removes the
84) 9) dialog: (fishing) How's work?
84) 11) dialog: (pouty) No. I don't want your work to be  cruddy.
84) 13) dialog: Oh, baby. I'm sorry. Can't you hire  somebody else?
84) 15) text: Lila screws up her face in concentration, trying to come  with a viable solution to Nathan's problem.
84) 16) dialog: Hey! I could come work for you! I  know I haven't been all that  supportive of this project, but I've  come around.
84) 18) dialog: Oh yes, baby! I think that this is a  wonderful project you're doing, taking  this poor unfortunate, uncivilized  creature and turning him into a human  being! What a wonderful wonderful  compassionate man you are!
84) 20) dialog: Yes! And I want to help. You won't  have to pay me, and I was thinking  of giving up that crazy nature writing  anyway.
84) 22) dialog: Who needs it? I have you and I have  being a woman and I have thinking  about womanly things! I love being a  woman because...
84) 24) dialog: Such as my man and how to please  him! (kisses him) Such as making wonderful dinners for  my man! (kisses him again,  leads him to the  table, sits him down) Such as looking pretty for my man! (kisses him again) And I'm writing an article on quilting  for the Ladies Home Journal!
85) 1) dialog: I had sold my fucking soul.
88) 0) text: Puff is in his case in formal evening wear in a makeshift opera box. There is a mannequin woman sitting next to him and a boom box pumping out Beethoven's Fidelio. Puff seem attentive, refined, occasionally bringing a pair of opera glasses up to his eyes, pinky extended. Outside the case, Nathan and Lila look on. The opera is over. Puff stands,  applauds, yells "Bravo", and tosses a rose in the directi of the imaginary stage. The rose hits the Lucite wall and falls to the floor. Nathan and Lila stand and applaud Puf
88) 2) dialog: That was wonderful!
89) 6) text: There is a mutual climax. A moment of silence, then a spe Nathan rolls off onto his side of the bed. We see that it really Lila in bed with him, not Gabrielle.
89) 7) dialog: (sighing) Well, I'm tamed, Dr. Bronfman.
90) 0) text: We see a montage of interactions between Nathan, Puff, an Lila. 1) Nathan demonstrates the proper way to taste wine: snif the cork, swishing the wine around in the glass, sipping, nodding in the affirmative to the waiter. Puff, inside hi case, imitates it perfectly. 2) Nathan shows Puff a flashcard which reads: "I'll start tonight with the foie gras." 3) Puff is holding up a small hand mirror and trimming no hairs. Lila applauds. 4) Puff juggles three balls while riding a unicycle. 5) Puff, dressed as Peter Pan, stands with legs spread an hands on hips. He is singing "I Gotta Crow." 6) Puff, dressed in an apron and chef's hat, is tossing a salad. There are two types of vinegar to choose from. He  hesitates, then chooses the balsamic. Nathan and Lila app 7) Puff, in a smoking jacket and smoking a pipe, is sitti in an easy chair, next to a fake fire and a fake sleeping dog, and reading a book of poems by Yeats. Lila and Natha outside the case, applaud and embrace.
90) 2) dialog: Oh boy!
90) 6) text: Nathan unlocks the case. Puff tentatively steps out into world. He hugs Nathan. It's a grateful, obsequious, sligh pathetic hug. Nathan hugs him back, but he's keeping him a distance. Puff pulls himself out of the hug, but still  rests his hands on Nathan's shoulders and looks him in th eye, almost like a lover. Then he parts with Nathan and g over to embrace Lila. She graciously receives him. After moment in the embrace, Puff starts dry-humping Lila. Lila can't get out of his clutches.
90) 8) text: Nathan presses a button, which shocks Puff and sends him  flying. Puff appears disoriented, then gets up off the fl brushes himself off, and turns to Lila with a bow of his  head.
90) 10) dialog: It's okay, Puff.
91) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff walk along. Puff is astounded by  everything he sees. He looks with wonderment at the tall  buildings, the cars, the many different types of people. looks like an idiot.
92) 0) text: Puff, Lila, and Nathan are eating lunch. Everything is ve proper. Puff is doing wonderfully.
93) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff are in the back seat of the moving taxi.
93) 2) dialog: (patting Puff on the  back) It's an animal urge, Puff. It's  nothing to be ashamed of.
93) 4) text: Lila looks at Nathan, amends her statement.
93) 5) dialog: (to Puff) You just have to control it. We're  not apes.
94) 0) text: Puff is sitting in a chair and facing a screen. The colla is around his neck. Nathan and Lila stand behind him at a slide projector.
94) 5) text: Lila dims the lights and switches on the projector. An im of a pretty, fully clothed woman appears on the screen. P eyes widen, but he remains seated.
95) 0) text: This is a Hooters-type establishment called "Chester's." The waitresses are very busty and in Tight t-shirts which are emblazoned with the name of the restaurant. Lila, Nat and Puff sit at a table. Puff studies his menu intently, daring to look up. Lila looks around uncomfortably. A wai approaches.
95) 3) dialog: (awkwardly) Very well.
96) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff walk along.
96) 2) dialog: Absolutely!
97) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff enter. Puff sees his Lucite case. It has been transformed into a bachelor pad. Inside is a  king-size bed, a TV, a couch, coffee table, shelves lined with books, a small kitchenette. There is a curtain which can be drawn for privacy. Puff is taken aback.
97) 1) dialog: Surprise!
98) 0) text: Lila and Nathan sit as far as possible from each other an read books. Nathan looks at his watch.
100) 2) dialog: (stretching) Should I come with?
100) 4) dialog: (lazily, happily) Ummm. It's good.
100) 5) text: Nathan kisses Lila on the forehead.
109) 0) text: Nathan enters. Lila sits on the couch still reading. She  looks up.
109) 3) dialog: You were gone a long time.
109) 5) dialog: So he's doing okay?
109) 7) dialog: That's funny because, you know, I  just went and picked him up at some  flophouse on the lower eastside. He  called here when he ran out of his  "mad" money after spending an entire  evening drinking, watching strippers,  and fucking a whore! (then casually) Oh, and what did you do tonight,  honey?
109) 9) dialog: And what did you do tonight, honey?
109) 11) dialog: (pointedly) And what did you do tonight, honey?
109) 13) dialog: (standing) Do you know what I gave up to be  with you?
109) 15) dialog: I gave up my soul, my beliefs. I  gave up my body hair!
109) 17) dialog: How the hell would you know anything  about the human heart?
109) 19) text: Lila turns around and slugs him, square on the jaw, hard, knocking him to the floor.
109) 20) dialog: How's that for ladylike, Nathan.
109) 21) text: Lila opens up the hall closet and pulls out a suitcase.
110) 0) text: Lila looks pale and shaken. She smokes.
110) 1) dialog: For two weeks I holed myself up in a  motel room. I didn't even know who I  was. My world had crumbled. There is  nothing that makes you feel dirtier  than finally deciding to sell your  soul and finding no buyers.
111) 0) text: Lila lies in bed watching TV. She is a mess. The room is mess. The wig is off. There's hair sprouting on her face. The curtains are drawn. There is a knock at the door.
111) 1) dialog: No maid service! For God's sake,  can't you read the fucking "do not  disturb" sign on the fucking doorknob?
111) 3) dialog: (beat) Go the fuck away, Rosie.
111) 5) dialog: Rose, please go away.
111) 7) text: Lila gets up, drags herself to the door, and opens it. Ro stands there trying not to let it show how lousy Lila loo
111) 8) dialog: How'd you know where I was?
111) 10) dialog: Your brother should have his license  revoked.
111) 12) dialog: (suddenly crying) Why didn't your brother tell you  that Nathan was having an affair?
111) 13) text: Rose holds Lila, who hangs on her as she weeps.
111) 15) dialog: Oh, Rosie.
111) 17) text: Lila mulls it over. She looks back at the hotel room. It' depressing. She sniffs in her snot.
111) 18) dialog: Yeah. I gotta get myself together. I  want to look good. If I'm gonna fuck  with Nathan, and I am, I want him to  want to fuck me when I do it.
116) 2) text: 6) Lila in a Tai Chi class. 7) Lila doing jumping jacks. 8) Lila reading The Art of War. 9) Lila doing stomach crunches. 10) Lila doing chin ups. 11) Lila swimming laps. 12) Lila getting more electrolysis.
120) 2) text: 13) Lila doing one-handed push-ups. 14) Lila rolling on the ground with a rifle. 15) Lila, in boxing gloves, punching a bag. 16) Lila reading the Kama Sutra. 17) Lila getting electrolysis.
121) 0) text: Puff addresses the crowd. Lila and Nathan look on adoring from the wings.
122) 2) text: 18) Lila does chin ups. Her sweaty, muscular arms glisten the sun. 19) Lila wind sprinting. 20) Lila getting electrolysis. Rose moves away from her.
122) 4) dialog: (standing triumphantly) Ready!
123) 25) text: Nathan and Gabrielle hurry into the case. The midget clos and locks the door behind them. Puff is frozen with fear. Lila enters. She looks different now. Savage. Strong. Kind of sexy. She wears guerilla-like black clothing and beret over her closely hacked-off hair. She also carries gun.
123) 28) dialog: Shut up! Yeah, this is Lila, cunt.  And don't let the hirsutism fool  you. I know more about being a woman,  and more about the black hearts of  men than you, in your pretty little  powdered, bullshit fantasy world,  can ever imagine. I know the darkness  and cruelty of nature, sweetie pie.
123) 30) dialog: Eat shit, thumbtack dick! (to Midget) Thank you, Frank. You're the best.
123) 31) text: Lila kisses the midget on the top of the head.
123) 33) dialog: See, Frank and I are kindred spirits.  We both know what it's like to be  shunned because of our appearance.  We both know how easily that turns  into self-hatred.
123) 37) text: Lila looks over and sees the two trained mice in the Luci case sitting at a tiny table and very politely eating the lunch. One of the mice makes eye contact with Lila.
124) 0) text: Lila is naked in the bathroom and about to kill herself w she makes eye contact with the mouse on the shelf next to the tub.
125) 0) text: Lila brings her focus back to the room. Everyone is watch her, waiting for some direction.
125) 1) dialog: Uh, tie them up, Rosie. If you will.
126) 0) text: Puff is sitting in the car. The electronic collar is back around his neck. Lila holds the black control box, and th Lucite case with the two mice in it. She stands outside t car with Frank and Rose.
126) 2) dialog: Oh, Rosie.
126) 4) dialog: Shut up, you.
126) 5) text: Lila laughs and hugs her.
126) 7) dialog: I'm really glad you two found each  other.
126) 11) dialog: I'll be in touch.
126) 13) text: Lila tears up. So does Rose. They just stand there for a  moment, then:
126) 14) dialog: (choked) Gotta go.
126) 15) text: Lila hurries around the car, gets in, and drives off. Ros and Frank embrace. Frank nestles. Rose sighs contentedly.
127) 0) text: Lila's car drives along. Puff looks nervously out the win
128) 0) text: Lila and Puff are driving in silence on a dirt road throu the woods. Lila pulls off the road, drives to a place whe the car will be camouflaged, and parks.
128) 1) dialog: Stay.
128) 2) text: Puff stays in the car. Lila gets out, pulls the Lucite mo case from the back seat.
129) 0) text: Lila puts the case on the ground and unlatches it. The mi looks confused at first. Then the male mouse pushes the d open and holds it for the female mouse, who exits. The ma mouse follows her, and closes the door behind him. He tur to Lila, nods, then extends his arm for the female mouse hold on to. She does, and they walk off together on their hind legs into the woods. Lila sighs, and turns to Puff.
129) 1) dialog: Out.
129) 2) text: Puff gets out casually, then makes a mad dash for the roa Lila calmly presses the button on her black box. Puff spa and falls to the ground.
129) 3) dialog: Bad.
129) 5) dialog: Get up.
129) 7) dialog: Take off your clothes.
129) 8) text: Puff does. So does Lila. She is covered with hair, except for her face. But whereas Puff is now white and soft-look Lila is tan and taut and muscular. This is a reversal of way both of them were when they first met. Puff seems taken with her body.
129) 9) dialog: We're going back to nature, you and  I. I'm going to retrain you. I'm  going to make you free again if I  have to kill you doing it.
129) 11) text: Lila shocks Puff. He falls to the ground.
129) 12) dialog: You what?
129) 14) dialog: (sweet) Good. I'll show you how, apey.
130) 0) text: Puff and Lila have built makeshift shelter out of leaves twigs. They are sitting around a campfire, naked and dirt roasting a couple of skinned squirrels on sticks. The bla box rests in Lila's lap. Puff looks at the roasting squir is repulsed.
130) 2) dialog: Talking is to be kept to a minimum.  Eventually, when we are ready, there  will be none. Language was invented  so that people could lie to each  other and to themselves. There is no  other reason.
130) 3) text: Puff begins to disagree. Lila's hand hovers over the butt He stops himself.
130) 5) text: Lila shocks Puff.
130) 6) dialog: You lose. Any answer is the wrong  answer.
131) 0) text: Puff and Lila lie seperately under blankets of moss. The  breathing is heavy. Both seem to be sleeping. Puff opens eyes and tries to extricate himself from the moss without making any noise. Lila presses the button and Puff falls a quivering mess.
131) 1) dialog: (whisper) You'll thank me eventually, Puff.  Well, you won't thank me, because we  won't be speaking, but you'll sort  of thank me with a special look, the  look a dog gives you to let you know  he loves you.
131) 3) text: Lila shocks Puff once again. As he spasms, we:
133) 0) text: Lila and Puff are naked and collecting mushrooms and berr Time has passed. Both Lila and Puff are dirtier and hairi Puff still wears his collar. Lila bends over to pick a  mushroom. Puff looks at her from behind.
133) 2) text: Lila turns, puts her finger to her lips in a gentle "no  talking" reminder, then shocks the hell out of Puff. He s and falls on top of her, knocking her to the ground. He regains his composure, finds himself on top of Lila. They look at each other for a moment. Then they kiss. It' violent kiss. They grope each other. This is primal sex n In the dirt. Sweaty. Loud grunting. Lila even presses the shock button at the right moment. Puff seems to like it i this context.
134) 0) text: Nathan and Gabrielle are in bed, making love. It is gentl romantic, in good taste -- in direct contrast to the anim violent sex Puff and Lila are having. They finish. Nathan pulls himself off of Gabrielle and falls onto his back,  staring up at the ceiling.
140) 0) text: Lila and puff are having sex again next to a campfire. No Lila is wearing the collar, and Puff is giving her well t shocks. They giggle and kiss after they finish. Puff sits up. He holds his stomach and grunts hungrily. Lila grunts back. She stands and retrieves a sack of berries. Puff and Lila greedily, gluttonously stuff their faces. Lila takes some berries and smashes them against Puff's f She laughs heartily. He looks annoyed for a second, but t grabs a handful and squishes them against Lila's face. Pr soon they are having a berry war and are covered in purpl stains. They hug each other, out of breath and laughing.
141) 0) text: Lila smiles.
141) 1) dialog: It was paradise. (beat, sadly) At least for a tiny little while.
142) 0) text: Lila and Puff lie naked in a tree, lazily soaking up the  midday sun. There is a rustling in the bushes. They both  look up, alert but calm. Nathan, immaculate in his safari suit, appears in the clearing. He holds a gun.
142) 2) dialog: Ugnh.
142) 7) text: Nathan laughs heartily, haughtily, at his joke as Lila an Puff climb down from the tree.
142) 9) dialog: Oook. Oook.
142) 11) dialog: Ooka.
142) 13) text: Puff looks at Lila. Lila shrugs helplessly. Puff reaches to touch her hand.
142) 15) text: Puff looks at Lila again. She jerks her head in the direc of Nathan. Puff sighs and moves to Nathan. Nathan prods Puff, and they head off through the trees. Suddenly Puff elbows Nathan. Nathan grunts, doubles over. Puff turns, lunges, and the two wrestle on the ground. Puff pries the gun from Nathan's hand, and jumps up. Nath stands also, backing away. Puff has the gun trained on Na Lila runs to Puff, stands behind him.
142) 22) text: Lila nods.
142) 25) dialog: Puff, don't.
143) 0) text: Lila sobs.
143) 1) dialog: Then I shot Nathan.
146) 0) text: Lila runs to Nathan. She kneels beside him.
146) 1) dialog: He's dead.
146) 3) dialog: (beat, then quietly) No. This is the end of the road.  There's a dead human being here. For  all of his faults, he was a human  being, and certainly a victim of his  culture as much as anybody.
146) 5) dialog: Puff, what happened to you is as  much my fault as Nathan's. Maybe  more so, because I knew it was wrong  and I went along with it anyway. I'm  taking responsibility for the murder.  I want you to go back to your old  life.
146) 7) dialog: No. Go back to the woods. This is a  sacrifice I need to make. In my world  we have something called penance.  It's another abstraction, but I had  the concept drummed into my head  during my years in the convent. It  doesn't exist for you, and it  shouldn't. See, I could never be  free again anyway, so I might as  well be in jail.
146) 9) dialog: (tearing up) That's what I'm counting on.
146) 11) dialog: (shrugs) Okay. If you think it will help.
147) 0) text: Lila, now in prison coveralls, sits in a dayroom with oth women convicts. She is watching a TV mounted on the wall. Puff is testifying.
147) 4) text: Puff stands and exits the auditorium. Flashbulbs flash. In the prison common room, Lila wipes a tear from her eye She seems genuinely happy. She looks out a small barred w and sees a bluebird light there, then fly away.