1) 7) dialog: I am sorry.
1) 8) text: A tear wells in Puff's eye and runs down his face. Anothe blinding flash of light.
4) 0) text: Puff, thirties, dirty, scraggly hair and beard but in a c business suit, testifies before a congressional committee The auditorium is filled with reporters and spectators. P sits in front of a microphone, counsel at his side. He po himself a glass of water, drinks, clears his throat, then speaks: stentorian, confident.
4) 1) dialog: I am sorry, gentlemen, sorry for all  of us. Your's is a complicated, sad  world.
4) 3) dialog: And I never knew that. I was living  a life of simplicity, of purity,  when I was ripped out of my Eden and  immersed in this harshness. Some  would argue that the life I was living  was not a human life at all. And,  gentlemen, I don't have any clever  retort. I am not a philosopher. The  only thing I know is that I am sorry,  sorry for my expulsion from Eden,  sorry for my Lila rotting in her  jail cell, and sorry for Nathan...  rotting in his grave.
11) 0) text: Puff testifies before the committee.
11) 1) dialog: I don't think there's anyone in the  world who doesn't know by now that I  was raised in the wilderness by an  ape. Well, to be fair, by a man who  thought himself an ape, but it amounts  to the same thing gentlemen, does it  not?
12) 0) text: This has a faded, "memory" look also. A naked, bearded, d middle-aged man and a naked, dirty ten year old Puff walk along like apes, crouched over and dragging their knuckle
12) 1) dialog: My father escaped from a New Jersey  mental institution in 1963.
13) 0) text: It's raining and deserted. Puff's father, in pajamas, com tearing around the corner. He runs crazily towards the ca waving his arms, puffing out his cheeks.
13) 1) dialog: He had been committed the previous  year after applying one too many  times at our local zoo for the job  of "apprentice ape."
13) 2) text: Puff's father passes a newspaper vending machine, stops,  goes back and examines the headline. It reads: President  Kennedy Assassinated. Puff's father looks heavenward and  clutches at his temples in despair.
13) 3) dialog: My father saw what the human race  had come to while he was... in  captivity. He felt something had to  be done to create a better world.
14) 0) text: Puff's father climbs out a second story window with a sma bundle in his arms. He runs off into the night.
14) 1) dialog: He stole little me from my mother,  his ex-wife, and raised me, with  love and tenderness and respect, as  an ape like himself.
15) 0) text: Puff looks pointedly at the congressman.
15) 1) dialog: Apes don't assassinate their  presidents, gentlemen.
16) 0) text: An adult Puff and his now older father sit on the forest  floor and pick bugs off each other and eat them.
16) 1) dialog: Until quite recently I believed myself  to be an ape, although I didn't know  specifically what type. Apes don't  think in terms of type.
17) 0) text: Puff testifies.
17) 1) dialog: It might be argued, gentlemen, that  apes don't even know that they are  apes. In retrospect, however, I'd  say that I was a pygmy chimp.
17) 2) text: Puff holds up an illustration of a pygmy chimp. Several  reporters run from the room: a scoop!
19) 3) text: There is a commotion off screen. Two uniformed attendants drag Puff's father, straitjacketed and kicking and scream like an ape, past Nathan and his parents.
52) 0) text: Puff testifies.
52) 1) dialog: Then, gentlemen, one day I saw  something I hadn't seen since my  father died in a freak accident  involving a rotted log and four  thousand bees stinging his head... I  saw other human beings. They chattered  away at each other in what appeared  to be gibberish. Later I learned it  was English. Now I wonder if perhaps  my initial assessment hadn't been  correct.
53) 0) text: Puff's POV: Through some brush we watch Nathan and Lila  hiking. We hear Puff's loud heavy breathing and, in the  distance, the relentless gibberish chatter of Nathan and  Lila. Puff moves. Lila glances over.
56) 0) text: Puff testifies.
56) 1) dialog: I had never seen anything like it.
57) 0) text: Puff's POV: We see a naked Lila looking in our general  direction, but not seeing us. The sun dapples her body. She moves closer and closer.
57) 1) dialog: It was an ape as I had never seen  before. Like me, yet different in  certain essential details. And all  at once I felt a heat pass through  me. My heart raced. Gentlemen, I  wanted to touch her, to caress her,  to be one with her. I had urges and  desires I could not explain. I felt  overwhelmed by the power this strange  creature had over me, and so I did  what any animal would do when it  comes across an animal of superior  strength...
59) 0) text: We are with Lila. She creeps along, when suddenly a tan,  muscular figure tears out from behind a tree and runs,  practically on all fours, through the dense underbrush. Lila follows, almost as agile as the forest creature. Nathan just stands there. The chase continues. There is a great deal of heaving and panting. Puff shimmies up a lar tree. Lila follows. Puff leaps from branch to branch. Lila follows easily. Puff swings from a vine. So does Lil Finally they come to the end of the trees, a clearing. Th is no nowhere for Puff to leap. Lila is with him in the t They are crouched, bloody, heaving, on separate branches, staring at each other. After a long moment, Lila speaks.
59) 2) text: Puff cocks his head. The high timbre of her voice surpris him, pleases him, but he doesn't understand the words.
59) 4) text: Puff looks at his crotch. Apparently there is some activi down there. Lila, following his eyes, glances down there  also.
59) 6) text: Puff grabs for his crotch and begins to play with himself distractedly, looking at her all the while. He falls out the tree. Lila gasps. Branches crack and snap as he passe through them and then there is an unpleasant thud when he hits the forest floor. Lila shimmies down the tree, and k by Puff. He is unconscious.
61) 0) text: Lila is hovering over the unconscious Puff. Nathan's voic comes back into focus. He is still speechifying.
62) 2) text: Nathan looks up. Gabrielle jerks her head in the directio of a very large Lucite case. Inside, Puff, now dressed in diaper and connected to all sorts of electrodes, is stirr Nathan and Gabrielle hurry over.
62) 4) text: Puff groggily takes in his surroundings. This is quite a to take in. The white room, the strange apes in strange s his own clothing, the wires. After surveying the scene fo moment, Puff becomes frightened and agitated. He tries to escape. Not understanding Lucite, he smashes  into it, again and again. He tears at his diaper. Nathan  gives a nod to Gabrielle, who presses a button on a panel An electric shock sends Puff flying. He lies on the floor confused and dazed. After a moment, he gets up and again  crashes into the Lucite. Nathan gives the signal to Gabri and once again she shocks Puff. He once again gets up and crashes against the Lucite. Again he is shocked. He gets again, and is about to crash against the Lucite, but he t better of it, and squats in place, immobilized.
69) 0) text: Nathan paces in front of Puff's Lucite case. Puff watches suspiciously from the corner where he is huddled. The lig are off. But there is a green glow from a couple of exit  signs.
69) 11) text: Puff is taken also. His eyes are wide.
69) 18) text: Gabrielle kneels by Puff's case. Puff crawls over, tries touch her through the Lucite. Gabrielle sings a French  lullaby. It's very sweet. Nathan watches her, looks at he thigh, her hair, the delicate way the tip of her nose mov when she sings. Puff gets drowsy. He curls up on the floo and sleeps.
71) 10) text: Puff watches from his case. Gabrielle smiles to herself.
72) 0) text: Puff testifies.
72) 1) dialog: I saw it, gentlemen. I saw the whole  sweaty, passionate, ugly, beautiful  act, and to use the vernacular, I  wanted me some of that.
72) 3) dialog: And I think I understood from that  moment, that in order to get some, I  would have to do what they said. In  order to experience this primal,  basic, animal thing, I would first  have to become a civilized, prissy,  uptight human. I would have to become  Nathan.
73) 0) text: Puff, in his Lucite case, sits behind a set dinner table. He seems attentive, calm, interested as Nathan teaches hi table manners. Gabrielle stands very close, almost  possessively close, to Nathan. She wears a lab coat, but is unbuttoned, and underneath she is wearing a skin-tight black minidress. She strokes the back of Nathan's head as works with Puff.
73) 2) text: The wheels turn in Puff's head. He thinks hard. Then he  stands. Gabrielle shrieks and claps happily.
73) 4) text: Nathan leans over and kisses Gabrielle. Puff watches. He  makes an exaggerated kissy-face, pursing his lips, trying imitate Nathan. The phone rings. Gabrielle pulls herself  away, giggles as Nathan tries to keep her from going, and picks up the phone.
80) 0) text: Nathan is holding flash cards up to Puff. Puff tentativel reads aloud from the cards. Gabrielle sits nearby on a st fish-netted legs crossed, arms crossed, and an angry  expression on her face.
80) 1) dialog: Good-eve-n-ing-lay-dees-and-gent- elmen.
80) 3) text: Puff smiles happily. Nathan and Puff both look over at  Gabrielle for her approval. None is forthcoming.
80) 11) text: Gabrielle stands, turns, and stomps across the room. Nath follows her angry, switching hips with his eyes, as does  Puff. She exits into the hall. Nathan looks at Puff and  shrugs. Puff returns the shrug. Nathan follows Gabrielle  into the hall.
87) 1) dialog: When she came to work with Nathan,  she seemed different, gentlemen, I  don't know, somehow soulless.
88) 0) text: Puff is in his case in formal evening wear in a makeshift opera box. There is a mannequin woman sitting next to him and a boom box pumping out Beethoven's Fidelio. Puff seem attentive, refined, occasionally bringing a pair of opera glasses up to his eyes, pinky extended. Outside the case, Nathan and Lila look on. The opera is over. Puff stands,  applauds, yells "Bravo", and tosses a rose in the directi of the imaginary stage. The rose hits the Lucite wall and falls to the floor. Nathan and Lila stand and applaud Puf
88) 3) text: Puff smiles and performs a foppish bow, almost a curtsy. picks up the rose, sniffs it, dramatically savoring its s
90) 0) text: We see a montage of interactions between Nathan, Puff, an Lila. 1) Nathan demonstrates the proper way to taste wine: snif the cork, swishing the wine around in the glass, sipping, nodding in the affirmative to the waiter. Puff, inside hi case, imitates it perfectly. 2) Nathan shows Puff a flashcard which reads: "I'll start tonight with the foie gras." 3) Puff is holding up a small hand mirror and trimming no hairs. Lila applauds. 4) Puff juggles three balls while riding a unicycle. 5) Puff, dressed as Peter Pan, stands with legs spread an hands on hips. He is singing "I Gotta Crow." 6) Puff, dressed in an apron and chef's hat, is tossing a salad. There are two types of vinegar to choose from. He  hesitates, then chooses the balsamic. Nathan and Lila app 7) Puff, in a smoking jacket and smoking a pipe, is sitti in an easy chair, next to a fake fire and a fake sleeping dog, and reading a book of poems by Yeats. Lila and Natha outside the case, applaud and embrace.
90) 3) dialog: (jumping up) Oh boy!
90) 5) dialog: Okay. That's fair.
90) 6) text: Nathan unlocks the case. Puff tentatively steps out into world. He hugs Nathan. It's a grateful, obsequious, sligh pathetic hug. Nathan hugs him back, but he's keeping him a distance. Puff pulls himself out of the hug, but still  rests his hands on Nathan's shoulders and looks him in th eye, almost like a lover. Then he parts with Nathan and g over to embrace Lila. She graciously receives him. After moment in the embrace, Puff starts dry-humping Lila. Lila can't get out of his clutches.
90) 8) text: Nathan presses a button, which shocks Puff and sends him  flying. Puff appears disoriented, then gets up off the fl brushes himself off, and turns to Lila with a bow of his  head.
90) 9) dialog: My apologies, madam.
90) 11) dialog: Shan't happen again.
91) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff walk along. Puff is astounded by  everything he sees. He looks with wonderment at the tall  buildings, the cars, the many different types of people. looks like an idiot.
92) 0) text: Puff, Lila, and Nathan are eating lunch. Everything is ve proper. Puff is doing wonderfully.
92) 2) dialog: I'm loving this. It's such a treat  to be out and about. What a wonderful  invention a city is. The immense  buildings of glass and steel glinting  in the afternoon sun, the smartly  dressed women in their best summer  frocks, the colorful street vendors.
92) 5) dialog: Just spectacular. Great salmon.  Fantastico! You've got to give me  the recipe! My compliments to the  chef!
92) 7) text: Puff stands and grabs her and starts humping her.
92) 9) text: Nathan presses a button on a small black box. Puff falls the floor. The waitress looks on, sort of confused.
93) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff are in the back seat of the moving taxi.
93) 1) dialog: It shan't happen again. I swear it.  I'm just getting my sea legs, you  know.
94) 0) text: Puff is sitting in a chair and facing a screen. The colla is around his neck. Nathan and Lila stand behind him at a slide projector.
94) 1) dialog: I don't think this aversion therapy  is really necessary, doctor. I  understand the problem.
94) 3) dialog: I bow to your expertise in these  matters.
94) 7) text: The slide changes to a naked woman standing in a neutral  position, no expression on her face. Puff twitches, but s seated.
94) 11) text: The slide changes to another picture of the same woman, t time she is naked, has her back to the camera, is stickin her butt out, and looking over her shoulder at the viewer with shiny, heavily lipsticked, pursed lips. Puff is shak
94) 13) text: Puff leaps out of his chair screaming and lunges for the  screen. Nathan grabs the black box and jolts him. Puff go flying in the air and lands with a crack. He heaves for a while, then leaps up and runs for the screen again. Again Nathan shocks him. Again he lands on the floor. He  heaves, stands, lunges for the screen again. Nathan shock him. This happens seven more times. Smoke is pouring out  from the collar. Puff struggles to his feet. Looks at the screen. He shrugs.
94) 14) dialog: (unimpressed) Eh.
94) 15) text: Puff sits down in his chair, and studies his finger nails Nathan switches off the projector.
94) 17) dialog: Yahoo!
95) 0) text: This is a Hooters-type establishment called "Chester's." The waitresses are very busty and in Tight t-shirts which are emblazoned with the name of the restaurant. Lila, Nat and Puff sit at a table. Puff studies his menu intently, daring to look up. Lila looks around uncomfortably. A wai approaches.
95) 4) dialog: (looking down) Very well.
95) 7) dialog: (looking at menu) Uh, what's a Reuben, please?
95) 8) text: The waitress leans over to study the menu. Her breasts ar in Puff's face.
95) 10) dialog: That's fine. That's what I'll have.  Corned beef is a good food.
96) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff walk along.
96) 3) text: Puff jumps up and down excitedly.
96) 4) dialog: Did I? I tried so hard! I really  concentrated! Oh, I'm so happy!
96) 6) dialog: (happily) Extra dessert?
97) 0) text: Lila, Nathan, and Puff enter. Puff sees his Lucite case. It has been transformed into a bachelor pad. Inside is a  king-size bed, a TV, a couch, coffee table, shelves lined with books, a small kitchenette. There is a curtain which can be drawn for privacy. Puff is taken aback.
97) 2) text: Puff gasps and runs into the room. He is thrilled. Nathan holds up a key.
97) 4) dialog: (taking the key,  hugging Nathan) It's wonderful! Do you think I'm  ready? Do you really?
97) 6) dialog: Oh, I will! (gravely) Your very trust has instilled an  enormous sense of responsibility in  me. I don't want to disappoint you.
97) 8) dialog: (taking it in) Got it.
99) 0) text: Puff, dressed identically to Nathan, reads Moby Dick and  smokes a pipe. He distractedly taps his foot, stands and  studies a Monet print on the wall. His foot is still nerv tapping. He checks his watch.
108) 0) text: Puff, dressed a bit like he's a Victorian dandy, sits in front row and watches a naked woman on stage dancing. A  topless cocktail waitress comes by with a fresh drink for him. She takes away his empty glass. He is horribly drunk and holding himself with exaggerated rigidity -- an amate drinker's attempt to look sober.
112) 2) text: The room bursts into applause as Nathan and Puff walk out onstage, both in tuxes. Nathan stands behind a podium, Pu sits casually, legs crossed, in a chair.
112) 4) text: A video of Puff naked in his Lucite case, clawing at it,  shrieking like a banshee, and neurotically hopping up and down, is projected onto a screen behind Nathan. There is collective gasp from the audience. Puff watches the video with amused detachment. The video stops.
112) 6) text: Puff stands, bows slightly to the audience. They burst in vigorous applause.
112) 8) dialog: It would be my pleasure, doctor. (behind podium) Distinguished gentlemen and ladies  of the psychological community, I  stand before you today, a living  testament to the amazing skill of  Dr. Nathan Bronfman. To say that he  took me from crayons to perfume would  be a vast understatement. Dr. Bronfman  took me from playing with my own  feces, then to crayons, and then to  an appreciation of the complex works  of Franz Kline, Joseph Beuys, and  Marcel Duchamp. From compulsive  masturbation to...
113) 1) dialog: And, so, goodnight, adieu, until we  meet again, au revoir.
113) 2) text: The audience bursts into thunderous applause. Gabrielle j in. Nathan and Puff hurry off stage. Gabrielle embraces  Nathan.
113) 6) text: Puff and Gabrielle exchange a look. She discreetly pinche Puff's butt, smiles, winks. Nathan doesn't see this. He p his arm around Gabrielle.
113) 8) text: Nathan and Gabrielle walk on ahead. Puff tags behind, wat Gabrielle's delightful walk.
114) 0) text: Puff sits up on his bed, looking dejected. He listens to sounds of Nathan and Gabrielle having sex in the adjoinin room. He looks at his watch, gets up, gets dressed.
115) 0) text: A sweaty, sick-looking Puff watches a porno film in a lit booth. It ends. He steps out into the fluorescent glare o the store. He walks out past several skulking degenerates
116) 0) text: Puff exits the bookstore, walks down the street checking the tawdry hookers. He chooses one. She leads him into a  dark alley.
117) 0) text: Puff is on stage demonstrating his ballroom dancing techn He is waltzing with Gabrielle. Nathan stops the music, an picks up a microphone.
117) 2) text: Nathan puts a tango record on. Gabrielle and Puff perform expertly. The audience applauds.
118) 0) text: Gabrielle, Nathan, and Puff are eating dinner.
118) 2) text: Gabrielle and Puff look at each other. She touches Puff's knee under the table. Nathan is busy eating.
119) 0) text: Puff paces as he listens to sex noises from the next room
120) 0) text: Puff walks along checking out the prostitutes. He signals one with a nonchalant jerk of his head.
121) 0) text: Puff addresses the crowd. Lila and Nathan look on adoring from the wings.
121) 1) dialog: To be taken from the depths of  ignorance and depravity and raised  to heights of culture and refinement!  This is the priceless gift bestowed  upon me by Dr. Nathan Bronfman.
122) 0) text: Puff leans against the wall drinking whiskey from a bottl as a prostitute, down on her knees in front of him, does business. The look on his face is not one of pleasure or  even release. It is a look of decay.
123) 0) text: Nathan and Gabrielle, in lab coats, sit chatting with Puf Puff sneaks glances at Gabrielle's legs and cleavage. She makes his viewing possible.
123) 4) dialog: Thanks to you, Nate.
123) 6) text: Puff blushes.
123) 8) dialog: (applauding) here, here.
123) 9) text: Gabrielle kisses Nathan while glancing at Puff. A midget a business suit enters. It's the sour-looking guy from th freak show.
123) 11) dialog: Is that a little boy?
123) 16) dialog: (jotting in notebook) Interesting.
123) 20) text: Nathan, Gabrielle, and Puff look frightened. They stand a back into the case.
123) 22) text: Puff stops in his tracks. Nathan and Gabrielle continue t back into the case.
123) 25) text: Nathan and Gabrielle hurry into the case. The midget clos and locks the door behind them. Puff is frozen with fear. Lila enters. She looks different now. Savage. Strong. Kind of sexy. She wears guerilla-like black clothing and beret over her closely hacked-off hair. She also carries gun.
126) 0) text: Puff is sitting in the car. The electronic collar is back around his neck. Lila holds the black control box, and th Lucite case with the two mice in it. She stands outside t car with Frank and Rose.
127) 0) text: Lila's car drives along. Puff looks nervously out the win
128) 0) text: Lila and Puff are driving in silence on a dirt road throu the woods. Lila pulls off the road, drives to a place whe the car will be camouflaged, and parks.
128) 2) text: Puff stays in the car. Lila gets out, pulls the Lucite mo case from the back seat.
129) 0) text: Lila puts the case on the ground and unlatches it. The mi looks confused at first. Then the male mouse pushes the d open and holds it for the female mouse, who exits. The ma mouse follows her, and closes the door behind him. He tur to Lila, nods, then extends his arm for the female mouse hold on to. She does, and they walk off together on their hind legs into the woods. Lila sighs, and turns to Puff.
129) 2) text: Puff gets out casually, then makes a mad dash for the roa Lila calmly presses the button on her black box. Puff spa and falls to the ground.
129) 4) text: Puff stays on the ground, breathing hard.
129) 6) text: Puff does.
129) 8) text: Puff does. So does Lila. She is covered with hair, except for her face. But whereas Puff is now white and soft-look Lila is tan and taut and muscular. This is a reversal of way both of them were when they first met. Puff seems taken with her body.
129) 10) dialog: But I like being human now.
129) 11) text: Lila shocks Puff. He falls to the ground.
129) 13) dialog: I want to be the way I was before.
130) 0) text: Puff and Lila have built makeshift shelter out of leaves twigs. They are sitting around a campfire, naked and dirt roasting a couple of skinned squirrels on sticks. The bla box rests in Lila's lap. Puff looks at the roasting squir is repulsed.
130) 1) dialog: Nice night.
130) 3) text: Puff begins to disagree. Lila's hand hovers over the butt He stops himself.
130) 4) dialog: (confused) I agree?
130) 5) text: Lila shocks Puff.
131) 0) text: Puff and Lila lie seperately under blankets of moss. The  breathing is heavy. Both seem to be sleeping. Puff opens eyes and tries to extricate himself from the moss without making any noise. Lila presses the button and Puff falls a quivering mess.
131) 2) dialog: What an enchanting picture you paint  of our future together.
131) 3) text: Lila shocks Puff once again. As he spasms, we:
132) 0) text: Puff testifies.
132) 1) dialog: And so commenced my reeducation,  gentlemen. Lila taught me so much.  She was a stern but fair teacher.  And over time, I began to remember  the carefree joy of living in a pure  state of being. But something else  happened as well, something perhaps  distinctly human... I began to fall  in love with Lila.
133) 0) text: Lila and Puff are naked and collecting mushrooms and berr Time has passed. Both Lila and Puff are dirtier and hairi Puff still wears his collar. Lila bends over to pick a  mushroom. Puff looks at her from behind.
133) 1) dialog: Boy, you look so good from this ang...
133) 2) text: Lila turns, puts her finger to her lips in a gentle "no  talking" reminder, then shocks the hell out of Puff. He s and falls on top of her, knocking her to the ground. He regains his composure, finds himself on top of Lila. They look at each other for a moment. Then they kiss. It' violent kiss. They grope each other. This is primal sex n In the dirt. Sweaty. Loud grunting. Lila even presses the shock button at the right moment. Puff seems to like it i this context.
134) 0) text: Nathan and Gabrielle are in bed, making love. It is gentl romantic, in good taste -- in direct contrast to the anim violent sex Puff and Lila are having. They finish. Nathan pulls himself off of Gabrielle and falls onto his back,  staring up at the ceiling.
140) 0) text: Lila and puff are having sex again next to a campfire. No Lila is wearing the collar, and Puff is giving her well t shocks. They giggle and kiss after they finish. Puff sits up. He holds his stomach and grunts hungrily. Lila grunts back. She stands and retrieves a sack of berries. Puff and Lila greedily, gluttonously stuff their faces. Lila takes some berries and smashes them against Puff's f She laughs heartily. He looks annoyed for a second, but t grabs a handful and squishes them against Lila's face. Pr soon they are having a berry war and are covered in purpl stains. They hug each other, out of breath and laughing.
142) 0) text: Lila and Puff lie naked in a tree, lazily soaking up the  midday sun. There is a rustling in the bushes. They both  look up, alert but calm. Nathan, immaculate in his safari suit, appears in the clearing. He holds a gun.
142) 3) dialog: Ugnh.
142) 5) dialog: Unn.
142) 7) text: Nathan laughs heartily, haughtily, at his joke as Lila an Puff climb down from the tree.
142) 13) text: Puff looks at Lila. Lila shrugs helplessly. Puff reaches to touch her hand.
142) 15) text: Puff looks at Lila again. She jerks her head in the direc of Nathan. Puff sighs and moves to Nathan. Nathan prods Puff, and they head off through the trees. Suddenly Puff elbows Nathan. Nathan grunts, doubles over. Puff turns, lunges, and the two wrestle on the ground. Puff pries the gun from Nathan's hand, and jumps up. Nath stands also, backing away. Puff has the gun trained on Na Lila runs to Puff, stands behind him.
142) 17) dialog: Ounpoo. Ungh.
142) 19) dialog: (jumping up and down  like a chimp) Unka unka unka unka unka.
142) 21) dialog: (to Lila, guiltily) I have to talk. Is that okay?
142) 23) dialog: (to Nathan) You did create me in your image,  Nathan. Before you I was a simple,  happy, complete being, in harmony  with the world around me. After you  I became duplicitous, cynical, angry,  anal, totally out of touch with my  surroundings. In a word, Nathan, I  became you. Lila has reintroduced me  to myself. And, incidentally, what  I'm about to do, kill you, is  something that would never have  occurred to me to do as a creature  of the Earth. Before when I killed,  it was for food or in self-defense.  Now I will kill for revenge. Revenge  is an abstract concept, Nathan. And  I learned abstract thinking from  you.
142) 26) text: Puff shoots. A crow screams. The fluttering of wings. The bullet hits Nathan in the head. He falls.
144) 0) text: Puff dabs his eye.
144) 1) dialog: Then Lila shot Nathan.
146) 2) dialog: (calmly) We bury the body. We disappear into  the woods. Nobody knows.
146) 4) dialog: Forget him, Lila. We'll disappear.  We'll never talk about it again.  We'll never talk again period. I  love you.
146) 6) dialog: I won't let you do that. I shot the  bastard. And I'm glad.
146) 8) dialog: (beat) Then I'll live for both of us, Lila.  I'll be the most free, truest animal  in the whole forest. For both of us.
146) 10) dialog: (an idea) But first I'll live among them, just  long enough to testify before congress  about the waywardness of humankind.
147) 0) text: Lila, now in prison coveralls, sits in a dayroom with oth women convicts. She is watching a TV mounted on the wall. Puff is testifying.
147) 1) dialog: And so, gentlemen, that is my story.  I agreed to testify before this  committee because I hoped to convey  to the American public that there is  indeed a paradise lost. Human beings  have become so enamored of their  technologies and their intellectual  prowess and their fancy gourmet foods,  that they've forgotten to look to  the Earth as a teacher. This is  hubris, my friends. And my story of  destruction and betrayal is proof of  that. I will keep my promise to Lila.  I will shed this suit and go back  into the wilderness. I will live out  my days naked and free.
147) 3) dialog: Thank you. That is all I ask. (to camera) Good-bye, Lila. I take you with me  in my untamed heart.
147) 4) text: Puff stands and exits the auditorium. Flashbulbs flash. In the prison common room, Lila wipes a tear from her eye She seems genuinely happy. She looks out a small barred w and sees a bluebird light there, then fly away.
148) 0) text: Puff walks along, a man on a mission. As he walks he shed articles of clothing. He is followed by reporters and  cameramen and celebrity hounds. Soon he is naked.
149) 0) text: Puff walks along, naked. People cheer from porches.
150) 0) text: Puff walks along. He is still followed by reporters. Cows watch the parade.
151) 0) text: Puff walks along a dirt road. He is about to disappear in the forest. An older woman rushes out from the crowd.
151) 2) dialog: (turning) Yes?
151) 5) dialog: Mother?
151) 7) text: Puff holds out his hand for her to shake. Flashbulbs flas
151) 8) dialog: (formally) It's a pleasure to meet you, mother.  But I'm an ape like dad was... (checks watch) And I have to go back into the woods  now... forever.
151) 10) dialog: Yes.
151) 12) dialog: I'm an ape, mom. I'm an ape. And  apes don't drop lines.
151) 13) text: His mother weeps. Puff gently rests his hand on her shoul for a moment, then he turns and waves to the reporters. T crowd bursts into applause. Flashbulbs flash. Puff jogs i the woods. There is a collective sigh, and then everyone  turns and heads back in the direction from which they cam We hold on the woods for a moment. A car pulls up. Puff  hurries out of the woods and jumps in the passenger side the car.
152) 0) text: Puff leans over and kisses Gabrielle, who is driving the  car.
152) 2) dialog: Hey, ma. Did you bring any clothes?  I'm freezing my ass off.
152) 4) dialog: Great. (putting on suit) God, I've wanted you forever.
152) 5) text: Gabrielle giggles. Puff kisses her.
152) 7) dialog: Gabrielle.
152) 9) dialog: Like father, like son.
152) 11) dialog: Woof.
152) 12) text: This turns Gabrielle on. She kisses him passionately. Whe the kiss runs its course, Puff speaks.
152) 13) dialog: Arf.
152) 15) dialog: As much as I loved Nathan, I'm not  sorry she killed him, if it means I  can have you. Is that a terrible  thing to say, my sweet?
152) 17) text: They smile flirtatiously at each other. Puff leans over a kisses Gabrielle's neck.
152) 18) dialog: Let's go eat, I'm starved.
152) 20) dialog: Oui.