22) 0) text: The congregation gapes at Jesse, transfixed.’ He rants at them, red-faced and furious, spitting hate. He's like som evangelist on PCP as he pours out his frustration.
61) 0) text: Another three second flash. The demon and angel faces aga the angel's hand locked round the demon’s throat, the dem biting bloody strips of flesh from the angel’s neck - the silver clouds and bright sunlight.
99) 0) text: The flames blaze away. They seem to go on forever. Nothin else is visible. Then, centred in shot, we see a small, black object silhouetted against the fire. Moving closer, we realize that it's two figures locked together, having very violent sex. One is an ANGELIC MALE just like the one whose face we glimpsed when Jesse was possessed by Genesis. He has vast white wings, golden hai big muscles, and no clothes. He holds his partner by the throat, roaring in agony and anger. The other is the same DEMON FEMALE we saw during Jesse's possession ~ huge curv horns, cloven hooves, shiny, jet-black body, clawed hands big fangs. She has her legs wrapped around the Angel's wa as they hump away like crazy. She tears her claws down hi back, Spraying blood across his wings, and bites chunks o flesh from his chest. INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT lili Jesse continues to stare, jaw suddenly dropping at what h sees.
143) 35) dialog: Then behold, O mortals: the glory of the heavenly host. Jesse iS not remotely impressed. He lights a cigarette, flips the Zippo shut, looks up again.
143) 37) dialog: Er... Tulip and Cassidy are totally freaked. Jesse sneers a bit
143) 39) dialog: I am an Angel of the Lord,
143) 41) dialog: It's something that should never have existed. It was born when an angel, a brother of mine, fell in love with a demon-bitch from Hell...
143) 46) dialog: Nothing like it has ever happened before. There is a war raging in the realms beyond your world. One side Heaven ~ on the other, Hell.
143) 48) dialog: (awkward) ++.That war must never end. Angels and demons should never meet in anything but battle. And yet it happened anyway. We caught the lovers not long after the birth, and had the Saint of Killers gun them down - but their offspring proved quite indestructible. He keeps talking, face now melted into a shot of the roll silver clouds of Heaven as seen in Jesse's mirror vision.
143) 49) dialog: We shut it away in a corner of Heaven. It was neither good nor evil. It was something new, a combination of them both. We called it Genesis. Now he's melted into a series of previous scénes - Genesi ripping through Earth's atmosphere, hitting the Annville church, possessing Jesse, destroying the congregation.
143) 50) dialog: It had no intelligence beyond a basic sentience. It escaped from Heaven, seeking a host - someone who could acton its behalf, who could use its power...someone who could speak for it. He looks pointedly at Jesse, who's deep in thought.
143) 52) dialog: It does not want. It is what happens when good meets evil. It is an idea. It is a power for you to decide what to do with. (CONTINUED)
143) 56) dialog: That I don't know. Had you done anything that might attract it? Jesse thinks about it...
145) 2) dialog: It needed a home, that was all. But now, listen to me. And understand. We cannot let a power as strong’as this run loose on Earth. We must return the entity to Heaven, and lock it in the dark forever. Submit to us - let us sever its bond with your soul - and you may go in peace.
145) 4) dialog: (panicky) You don't know what you're saying! I promise you that you'll go free! I give you my word!
145) 9) dialog: {on his knees, terrified) Oh not Oh please don't make me tell! I'll be destroyed for this! In Jesus's name, have mercy!
145) 11) dialog: (breaking down) The Lord God is gone. and Cassidy freeze. A moment passes.
145) 13) dialog: I mean he quit. When Genesis was born he left his throne in Heaven. He said he would go and live among the mortals. Here on earth.
145) 16) dialog: Humanity was not supposed to know...
145) 18) dialog: {perking up) But how will you tell them? Why (MORE)
145) 22) dialog: should his flock believe he has deserted them? Why should the atheists believe he is gone, when they never believed he was there in the first place? How do you convince people that you're telling the truth? (pressing his advantage) Remember the good folk of Annville...Reverend Custer...? Jesse is stumped for a minute. Then his eyes narrow again and a nasty smile appears on his face.
145) 24) dialog: (suddenly wary) What?
145) 26) dialog: Ah - now-
145) 28) dialog: (appalled) No! You can't! Think about what you, re saying! You can't give orders to God! You haven't got the right!
145) 35) dialog: The creation cannot make demands of the creator...
145) 37) dialog: But...
145) 41) dialog: {incredibly edgy) Y...¥..-Yes...