66) 0) text: 74 ARSEFACE opens the door and sticks his head out at us, filling the screen. Arseface's dialogue is a stream of grunts and moans - and he never sounds anything other than completely cheerful. sticking your tongue hard into your lower lip, then speak
66) 3) dialog: (Hi, Dad!) Hugo barges past him into the house, doing his best to ig his son completely. Arseface doesn't seem to notice.
66) 4) dialog: (How was your day?)
67) 1) dialog: {Still no letter from Mom, but I bet she'll be home any day now, huh? You want to relax and I'll bring you a beer? Sound good?) He heads for the kitchen, turns, gives the thumbs up.
67) 2) dialog: (You betcha!) Left alone, Hugo stares hatefully at the wall for a momen pissed off at his wretched lot in life. Then he closes hi eyes, puts his head in his hands, and breaks down complet
90) 0) text: The TV screen - which isn't turned on. We move slowly behind it, looking over it to see Hugo and Arseface sitting on the couch, watching the TV. Both have bottles of bud. Hugo fumes quietly, bitter as hell.
90) 1) dialog: (Sure wish we could afford to get the TV fixed, Dad!) No response from Hugo. Arseface bangs on, oblivious to hi dad‘s silent hatred.
90) 2) dialog: (Must be real exciting being Sheriff! Boy, I wish I could come along on one of your cases! You think I could be your deputy one day, Dad?) Hugo's so uptight he looks like he could crack nuts with asshole. The bottle starts to shake in his hand.
90) 5) dialog: (Father and son lawmen! Me watching your back! What a team we'd be, huh?) The phone rings - barely a squeak comes from it before Hu snatches it up.
94) 0) text: The car speeds away. The rear lights fade into the night. Then, from the gloom at the side of the house, Arseface pedals out on a BMX bicycle that's really far too small f him. Legs pumping furiously, he races off after Hugo as f as he can.
151) 0) text: Illuminated in the headlights, still astride his BMX, is Arseface. He's looking curiously back at the truck. Our heroes peer out at him, freaked beyond belief. The he pedals awkwardly up to Jesse's side of the pick-up truck and sticks his head in the window.
152) 0) text: All three stare at Arseface, incredibly nervous. He's che as ever.
152) 1) dialog: (Hullo!) Jesse recoils at the voice.
152) 2) dialog: {Sorry to trouble you folks, but I was wondering if you'd seen my Dad around here anywhere?) The three of them look at each other, bewildered.
152) 3) dialog: {His name's Hugo Root - he’s the Sheriff around these parts. Tall, dignified kind of a guy. I've been looking for him all night.)
152) 9) dialog: {I'm looking for my Dad, Hugo Root. He's a member of the law enforcement community. He looks a bit like Jimmy Stewart.)
152) 11) dialog: (My Dad, see? I'm looking for my Dad. That's him there, with me.) The photo shows Arseface and Hugo together - Arseface wit arm round his Dad, giving the thumbs up. Hugo looks impossibly bitter, fuming with hatred for the whole world
152) 12) dialog: (See?) Jesse looks at the photo, and all becomes clear.
153) 0) text: Jesse leans out the window, hands the photo to Arseface, smiles reassuringly.
153) 2) dialog: (You did?) (CONTINUED)