0) 0) text: CASSIDY sits at the bar with a glass of beer, packet of Camels in front of him beside his change, one lit in his hand. Bar noises behind him - jukebox music, conversation Occasional glimpse of people passing by behind him. Smoky atmosphere. We stay on him as he knocks back the beer, se down the empty glass, smiles wryly.
0) 1) dialog: Piss. And not enough of it. The BARMAN picks up the glass. Cassidy draws on his cigarette, sits back. He’ll now tell us the story as if w were sitting at the bar beside him, so he won't always be looking right at us.
0) 2) dialog: So where was I? Oh aye, the Preacher. Well, before I get stuck into this you'd better get it straight that this is no ordinary story. Ordinary story is boy meets girl, boy gets girl up the stick, father forbids boy to see girl but true love wins through, audience pukes its ring, the end. Or maybe bad guys kill helpless innocents, head bad guy with English accent prepares to take over the world, Arnie Schwarzennegger kills everybody in sight, girl shows us her tits, everything blows up, the end... The barman sets down a fresh beer. Cassidy is pleased.
0) 3) dialog: But this one's different. Just about as different as you can fucking get, to tell you the truth. Jesus, I was smack in the middle of it, and even ft don't believe half the fucking things that went on. There was angels. Demons. Rednecks. Gunslingers from beyond the grave. Fucking vampires, would you believe. There was a boy with a face that looked like your arsehole, and a woman who was braver than any man I ever met, and a man who stood tall in front of Heaven itself and faced down the power of God. He sips his beer, looks thoughtful, smiles a bit. (CONTINUED)
0) 5) dialog: You wouldn't know to look at me, but I'm ninety~seven years old. I thought I'd seen it ali. But you won't have to see too much of this one before you realize what I did: that absolutely fuckin’ anything can happen anytime. That there aren't any rules to this. That you're entering the one hundred percent bugfuck maniac Geoffrey Dahmer's- running-down-Broadway-with-John Wayne Bobbitt 's-dick-in-a-bucket-of-napalm- zone, and any attempt to understand it is gonna make your arse turn inside out. It's a love story. It's a horror story. It's a violent story. He thinks for a moment, trying to find the words. Then he relaxes.
0) 6) dialog: It started in church. 2 EXT. ANNVILLE -— NIGHT Starting from out in the Texas desert, we move slowly in towards the few lights of ANNVILLE. Getting closer, we realize we're in Hicksville, the ass-end of nowhere. A ma street with a few smaller ones off it. We move past a bar just some low light, not much noise. Looking down a side street, we see two DRUNKS supporting each other for the stagger home. Further on, a quick look down an alley reve movement, the sound of breaking glass. A sheriff's dept. cruiser passes us, going in the opposite direction. Movin across the town square we see another DRUNK passed out on bench, with a vile-looking DOG raping his unconscious leg We move slowly towards the church, a simple wooden buildi just outside town, on the opposite side to where we came A light is on within, and as we get closer we hear raised voices, a Man's and a woman's.
35) 2) dialog: Fuckin’ deadly.
37) 0) text: Cassidy is driving, whistling happily to himself. Just as pulls out onto the road Tulip leaps onto the truck, grabb the driver side door and hauling herself up. With her fre hands she sticks the gun we saw earlier in Cassidy's face furious. He's startled.
37) 3) dialog: (laughing in disbelief) What the fuck does it look like I'm doin‘? I'm stealin' your pick-up truck! .
39) 0) text: Cassidy can't believe this, finds it hilarious. This make Tulip even angrier.
39) 4) dialog: Bollocks to that, love. I've been walkin’ across that desert for three nights now. I'm not fuckin’ stoppin' for anyone.
39) 7) dialog: Will you for fuck's sake get rid of that thing an' I'll stop an’ let you off. You're only gonna hurt yourself, you know.
39) 9) dialog: Jesus fuckin' Christ!
41) 0) text: Cassidy is damn near flung through the windshield by the emergency stop, and Tulip barely keeps a grip, dropping t gun on the truck seat. Her legs are flung out behind her.
44) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip stare out at the cops, stunned.
44) 2) dialog: Shite. You know, I could really do without this at the minute... 52 53
46) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip recoil in shock as the bullets punch through the hood barely a foot in front of them.
46) 1) dialog: Fuckin' Jesus! They exit the truck fast.
47) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip get out of the truck, hands high. As th helicopter passes overhead, Jesse can be seen in the back the truck, still holding his head.
47) 3) dialog: Christ!
47) 9) dialog: This is like a night out with fuckin’ O.d...
49) 0) text: The marksman's rifle lands on deputy Foster's head, dropp him instantly. Hugo is right beside him but can only blin confused. Jesse turns to the astonished Tulip and Cassidy quietly determined.
49) 2) dialog: I'm with you, mate.
49) 4) dialog: Aye, but I can explain that. Just give us a lift down the road, will you? I’d really appreciate it.
49) 9) dialog: Aw, nice one!
58) 0) text: Cassidy's freaked. Jesse peers closely at us, shielding h eyes as the flames light his face.
58) 1) dialog: Fuck me sideways!
62) 0) text: Jesse turns to the equally freaked Cassidy, and they star each other.
62) 1) dialog: ...He means you. (CONTINUED)
62) 6) dialog: Fuckin’ right I am! They scramble into the truck and Tulip guns it. The trick races off.
69) 3) dialog: Happenin’ fuckin' place, isn't it?
69) 5) dialog: (amused) Blend in? Sure you just went on a shopping spree across the road there.
69) 7) dialog: Well, you helped me out of a tight spot back there. I reckon one good turn deserves another.
69) 9) dialog: (leaning forward) What's that?
71) 0) text: Cassidy leans back, laughing to himself. Tulip glares, clearly irritated.
71) 1) dialog: Aw, now that's cold...
71) 3) dialog: I have to admit, I do have a wee bit of an ulterior motive.
71) 5) dialog: Aye. This trick your boyfriend does, where he can make people do things like he's speakin’ the word of God? Well, I can see one or two possibilities hangin' round with a fella like that.
71) 7) dialog: “Miss Crawford, Miss Turlington - smear my handsome Irish friend in Southern Comfort, an' then lick it all off an’ start again. Mr. Jagger - (MORE )
71) 10) dialog: load Keith's coke into the back of that 747. Then sign this check.
71) 12) dialog: Hey, I don’t believe in gettin’ somethin’ from nothin', you know. I might be able to help you.
71) 14) dialog: Hidden talents, love. Tulip raises an eye.
71) 15) dialog: I'm Irish, for starters. That never hurts. (smiling) An' there's something else you should know about me, too...
71) 17) dialog: (looking past her, grinning) Oh look, there's your boyfriend now. Blendin' in. . Jesse enters the bar dressed in his new clothes, the whit collar setting off the black outfit. He's cleaned himself a bit too, and cuts quite a dashing figure as he strides across the bar towards the rear table. He seems to radiat supreme self-confidence, lighting up a Marlboro as he goe hardly aware of anyone else. Several folks notice him, ineluding the pretty young waitress, who likes what she sees and discreetly sets off after him. A bunch of REDNECKS notice her noticing him, instantly disapproving. These guys are all young bucks on their fif or sixth beer, just about ready to go looking for trouble Jesse notices nene of this. He moseys over to the table, watched by Tulip, who can't help but smile. A hint of nostalgia here for her. (CONTINUED )
71) 21) dialog: Jesus, I thought Texans were supposed to be friendly.
71) 23) dialog: I made it up. I like to believe that best of people, you know? about that, finds himself smiling, but with a The waitress arrives.
71) 26) dialog: Aye, please. waitress, smiling at Jesse, not seeing Tulip's
71) 27) dialog: That's awful decent of you.
71) 29) dialog: It occurs to me we haven't been properly introduced. My name's Cassidy. You're Jesse an‘ you're Turnip, is that right? (CONTINUED)
71) 33) dialog: Aye.
71) 35) dialog: I told you, I know things other fellas don't. When you've been around for as long as I have, you pick up all sorts of useful wee tricks.
71) 43) dialog: Don't mention it. Well, it's pretty bleedin' obvious to me that all this stuff's linked up. I mean, from what you were sayin' earlier: you get hit by this...whatever it is, you incinerate your congregation-
71) 45) dialog: You develop this word of God, an’ all of a sudden you've got the gunfighter after you.
71) 47) dialog: I'i1 tell you one thing about him: he looks like a good man to avoid like the fucking plague.
71) 56) dialog: You're not much of a one for backin' down in the face of adversity, are you, Jesse? @ Jesse just drinks his bourbon. Tulip looks at Cassidy, wearily shaking her head: No he isn't. Nor was he ever.
74) 0) text: Jesse, Tulip and Cassidy have left the Rattler. Tulip isn too happy. Jesse grimaces a little. Cassidy follows, enjoying their argument.
74) 10) dialog: You know, I think the problem is that she isn't his girl.
74) 17) dialog: Yeah? Cassidy turns ~- right into the sixth guy's attack. He sl the switchblade clean through the plastic lens of Cassidy shades, on into the eye beyond. Cassidy steps back, hand going to his eye, then coming aw again. Tulip stares. Cassidy and the guy look at each other. Cassidy is calm. The handle of the blade juts from his shades lens, blade the way in. The guy is frozen. Beyond them, we get a glimpse of Jesse still demolishing his own victim. Cassidy reaches up, holds the shades with one hand, tugs blade out of his eye with no discernible pain whatsoever. Blood and jelly slide from the blade, leaking down from pehind his shades as well.
74) 18) dialog: Hang on a second there, mate. Tiil be right with you. Pop. Out comes the biade, slathered in gore. Tulip's eyes widen further.
74) 19) dialog: Right. C'mere. We hear the guy scream in terror - a scream which is just suddenly cut off.
74) 24) dialog: What? He hauls the corpse up, sinks his mouth into the wound, a starts drinking the blood as it pours out. Loud gulping noises can be heard. Tulip, still freaked, turns slowly to the riveted Jesse.
74) 27) dialog: @ I was hungry.
74) 29) dialog: Well, I just flung a fella twenty feet through the air, I took a switchblade straight in the brain without blinkin', an' I tore a fella's throat open so I could drink his blood. I'd say I was pretty obviously some kind of fuckin' vampire, wouldn't you?
74) 31) dialog: (laughing in disbelief) Oh aye, listen to Mister Normal! Utterly thrown, Jesse stares at Tulip, trying to fit this e thing into his head. (CONTINUED)
74) 36) dialog: (between gulps) Just - a minute - Jesse snarls, and once again his voice echoes with his ne found power.
74) 38) dialog: For fuck's sake! Jesse and Cassidy yell at each other, both furious, right each other's faces.
74) 39) dialog: Don't you fuckin' dare do that shit to me! Nobody tells me what to do! An' I don't know if you noticed, but that wee shite stuck a knife in my eye!
75) 0) text: Cassidy's victim lies in a bodybag, face still frozen in horror. A hand zips the bag shut. Two PARAMEDICS lift the bodybag, carrying it towards a pa of ambulances parked in the Rattler parking lot. Three sheriff's dept. cruisers are there too, blue lights slowl * flashing. A small crowd watches as the paramedics load battered rednecks into the ambulances, either on stretche or helping them climb in.
77) 0) text: Tulip’s pick-up races past us. ‘INT, TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 86 cassidy is driving, going hell for leather, clearly not i very good mood,
77) 1) dialog: You really know how to pick your moments, Cassidy. You stupid bollocks.
78) 0) text: The truck stops at the side of the road. Cassidy cuts the engine and sticks his head out the window. He takes a lon deep breath - and freezes, amazed.
78) 1) dialog: Jesus! He starts her up again, and the truck pulls away and race off down the road. Way, way out in the distance, far from the speeding truck curious blood-red glow lines the horizon. It's much too r to be dawn, almost like a line of lava spilling from a fa
101) 0) text: Cassidy exits Tulip's truck and walks quickly towards the door of the Ten-Ten. He sniffs the air again. His face lights up and he heads on in. Dim light from within, but noise or sign of movement.
102) 0) text: Cassidy freezes as he enters, face suddenly twisting in disbelief. The scene that greets him in the low light of the bar is nightmare. Two dozen bodies lie on the floor of the bar i vast lake of dark red blood. All bear the massive, gaping wounds that the Saint’s guns deliver. Severed arms lie he and there. A couple of bodies are actually headless. Gore is splattered across the walls. Tables have been knocked (CONTINUED)
102) 6) dialog: You killed them to get me here? The Saint just looks back at him.
102) 7) dialog: You fuckin’ dirty bastard...! D'you think I want any part of this? D'you think I'd sell out Jesse Custer to a piece of shite like you? (angrier) Do you think I'm some kind of worthless fuckin' animal or somethin’?
102) 11) dialog: Is...that supposed to scare me or somethin’? ‘Cause believe me, it wouldn't be the first time I got shot through the head.
102) 17) dialog: No... The Saint keeps the pistol on him, nods at a phone on the bar. Cassidy shakily backs towards it, never taking his e off the pistol. He picks it up, sweats.
102) 18) dialog: There was a motel just down the road from where I left him. He didn't have any transport, okay? So if I can get the number for the motel- Another shove from the Saint, pistol to the nose. Cassidy is utterly miserable, wretched.
104) 0) text: Cassidy on the phone, terrified, with the Saint's pistol stuck in his face.
104) 1) dialog: Jesse! Thank fuck! Jesse, it’s me-
105) 2) dialog: (over phone) Jesse, listen: I've got 4 message I (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
105) 5) dialog: have to give to you. I ~ I haven't got any choice- INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 1ig The Saint pushes his gun right into Cassidy's face, twist it weirdly. He freezes, then goes on.
105) 6) dialog: You have to go back to Annville. You'll get all the answers you're lookin’ for there. The Saint relaxes, takes his gun off Cassidy - who freaks little and seizes his chance.
105) 7) dialog: Jesse, it's a trap! Don't fuckin’ go! It’s that guy, it's the fuckin' Saint of Killers-
107) 0) text: Cassidy lies on the floor, staring up at the ceiling, ama Slowly he raises his head, looks down at his body. A massive hole has been blasted in his gut, blood pouring from it to pool around him. A shadow falls over him. It's the Saint, of course, holding his smoking pistol. ’ CASSIDY (weak) He won't come now, you bastard. You're fucked.
107) 6) dialog: (yelling) No! The pistol roars and the screen goes black.
117) 0) text: Cassidy lies on the floor, shattered, apparently dead. Th hole in his guts has been matched by another in his chest meaty crater with blood, gore and bits of rib hanging out right where his heart used to be. Mouth wide open. We move closer until his face fills the shot. No movement Then, very slowly, his jaw shifts a little.
117) 2) dialog: (weak) Aw no. (pause) I'm sorry, Jesse. I just didn't have the balls. An’ there’s nothing I can do... His head slumps to the side, beaten.
117) 5) dialog: Oh fuck. Oh fuckin’ Jesus. He stares at the ceiling again, miserable, a little revol
117) 6) dialog: Why me? Steeling himself for the effort, he grits his teeth and r slowly over to his belly, grabbing for purchase with a ve weak arm. He yells in agony. Then, gasping and sweating with the pain and exertion, he raises his head to look at the lake of gore and shattered bodies...and we fade to black. We fade back in on a smear of ribs, guts and blood on the floor of the bar. We move along it as it becomes a trail, ending in Cassidy - he's hauled himself along the floor a is now lapping hungrily at the lake of blood on the floor He raises his head, dribbles gooey blood everywhere, look weakly at the various bodies. He's gasping.
117) 7) dialog: Sorry, folks. Cassidy goes back to slurping up the blood, panting as he tries to breath and drink at the same time. He gets more more frenzied, guzzling the stuff faster and faster, unti throws his head back and gasps out a long sigh of satisfaction. Smeared with dark red blood, hair matted wi it, he locks like hell. He gets slowly to his feet, staggers a bit, catches himse on the bar. He wipes his mouth, still out of breath.
117) 8) dialog: Better'n' fuckin' spinach. Then he turns and staggers towards the door, shaky, nowhe near at full strength.
135) 0) text: Tulip's pick-up comes roaring up behind the cruiser, weav to overtake. INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT isl Cassidy spits blood, snarls angrily as he drives. He drip blood everywhere. Very pale.
135) 1) dialog: Get out've the fuckin' way, you bollocks!
137) 0) text: Cassidy sneers, jerks the wheel hard over.
140) 1) dialog: Hold on, Jesse! The Cavalry's comin’! 158 159
142) 0) text: Cassidy braces himself, grits his teeth, furious.
142) 1) dialog: You! EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT ié6l Harshly lit by the headlights, the Saint grimaces angrily plants his feet hard on the ground, throws his shoulders and braces himself for the impact (Jesse should not be ly in the truck's path, of course). The Saint fumes and hates, totally unafraid. INT. TULIP‘'S PICK-UP TRUCK ~ NIGHT 162
142) 2) dialog: (screaming like a madman) Yer Ma’s a Hooer!!!
143) 0) text: Massive impact, huge crunch as the pick-up ploughs into t Saint of Killers, stops dead as it hits him, and Cassidy flung through the windscreen and past the Saint in a spra flying glass. (CONTINUED )
143) 3) dialog: You're rescued. Jesse's eyes widen. Then he slowly turns back to the Sain Tulip turns to look that way too. The truck has rolled back a couple of feet, a wreck. Both wheels have come off at the front. The engine block and panels are bent up off the chassis. The hood is gone. The windscreen is shattered. Steam hisses from the engine. A large, foot-deep dent is dug into the fender and grille - engine itself has bent around the impact. The Saint stands unmoved, rock solid, staring at us with pissed-off glare. The hood of the truck is embedded in hi stomach. He takes a couple of deep breaths, yanks the hoo from his guts and flings it away. His face sets hard in a grimace of pure hatred,
143) 17) dialog: Jesse...I'm the one should be apologizin'. I sold you out. I nearly got you killed.
143) 21) dialog: Jesus. Quite a party, eh?
145) 15) dialog: I dunno, I haven't noticed that much difference. Maybe we just don't need the fucker. Jesse thinks about that, turns back to the shaky-looking angel, shrewdly raises an eye - Well?
145) 43) dialog: Nice bit've preachin’. (smiles } Preacher.
146) 0) text: The three of them walk towards the battered pick-up Jesse Tulip arrived in. Jesse and Cassidy move slowly, favourin their various wounds. No sign of Hugo Root.
146) 1) dialog: Not long ‘til dawn. I'd really need to be gettin' me arse undercover.
146) 3) dialog: I'm @ fuckin’ vampire, Turnip...
146) 5) dialog: One inch of tan an’ I'll go up like the bleedin' fourth of July. You give us a lift down the road, aye?
147) 1) dialog: You're really goin’ lookin' for God? We close up on Jesse, who looks grim and determined.
149) 2) dialog: Just as a matter of interest, Jesse - is there anything that does scare you? Jesse smiles.
150) 0) text: The pick-up screeches to a halt, rocking back on its chas INT. STOLEN PICK-UP - NIGHT _ 417i Tulip and Cassidy are flung back in their seats. Then the turn to gape at Jesse.
152) 5) dialog: (starting to laugh, incredulous} Well what the fuck are you askin’ me for? Cassidy puts a hand to his mouth to hide his laughter. Th gets Tulip going. She leans back to try to hide behind Jesse, struggling not to howl with laughter. When Jesse turns back to Arseface he can barely contain himself, tee gritted, coughing over the occasional snigger. (CONTINUED)
154) 0) text: Cassidy, back in the bar we met him in, right at the very start.- Nothing has changed. He frowns as he picks a rather obvious pubic hair out of beer. Then he snaps out of it, grins at us.
154) 1) dialog: Told you, didn't I? Anything that could happen, fuckin' well did happen. {looking down, thoughtful smile) It's been a wee while now since I last saw Jesse an‘ Tulip. But y'know, I wouldn't be surprised if one of these days all that weird fuckin’ shite started up again. An' then maybe we'll min into each other again...I don't know whether or not I believe that God ran out on us. I don't know if he really is loose somewhere in the world. But I'll tell you this: if Jesse Custer ever does get his hands on the good Lord... (smiling darkly at us) The bastard better have a fuckin’ good excuse. (raising his beer to us before turning away) Cheers. And fade to black.