34) 1) dialog: Ask me, I reckon it was niggers. Hugo stands with hands on hips, squinting meanly at the church - pretty much the way he looks at everything. He spits from time to time. With him are DEPUTY FOSTER, a fa guy, and DEPUTY KENNY, a younger guy who clearly doesn't think too much of his sheriff + and in fact has doubts ab the man's sanity.
34) 3) dialog: (spitting) Kinda thing they do.
34) 5) dialog: Martian niggers, Kenny. Come down from space to abduct white folks. Take ‘em away, make ‘em do all kinds of sexual shit. Even experiment up their asses with probes. Hugo doesn't notice Kenny's doubtful look, simply because rarely bothers te look at whoever he's talking to. He jus bangs on with the air of a man one hundred per cent certa of his subject. He rarely gets rattled or hurried; the sourness inside him curdles at its own easy pace,
34) 6) dialog: Government an' the F.B.I., they know shit they ain't tellin' us. Got an airforce hangar with a spaceship an‘ a dead Martian Nigger inside, ‘cept they don't reckon we're ready to know about it yet.
34) 10) dialog: Don‘t have to be coloured if they're from Mars, Kenny. You ever read that book Communion?
34) 12) dialog: Fella in that knew all about ‘em. ‘Cept he got the wrong idea. (patting the 44 magnum in his belt holster} Only Communion your Martian Nigger understands is the kind I got right here. Deputy Foster shouts from one of the cruisers, where he's We can hear it crackling.
34) 14) dialog: (unfazed) You tell him fuck you. (spitting) You tell him Hugo Root says fuck you. Tell him I want that chopper up here now, an' to keep them media fucks away or I'1l send ‘em back in bodybags .
34) 16) dialog: We got air support an' snipers an' half a dozen roadblocks bein’ set up right now, Kenny. You ain’t goin’ weak sister on me, are you? (CONTINUED)
34) 20) dialog: It could be I'm gonna take me a big shit tomorrow an' find the keys to Graceland in the bowl, but I kinda doubt that as well. (spitting) Martian Niggers, Kenny. (strolling off) You wait an‘ see, And Kenny is left fuming quietly.
43) 4) dialog: {over bullhorn) You fucks exit the truck with your hands in the air or you will be fired upon. Do it now or we open fire.
45) 0) text: The marksman opens fire even as Hugo speaks, three quick shots.
45) 1) dialog: (over radio) Wake ‘em up in there.
47) 2) dialog: (over bullhorn) You in the back, we ain't gonna warn you again. Get your ass outta there. Jesse sits up, rubbing his head. He notices Tulip, then Cassidy, both standing with their hands raised. He frowns Cassidy's bewildered at his sudden appearance. Tulip is a loss...
47) 7) dialog: {over pullhorn) Put your hands on the truck an’ spread your legs. Make any other attempt to move an' I guarantee it: you're fucked. Hugo puts the bullhorn down, relaxes a bit. Kenny doesn't seem SO confident. A couple of deputies move forward, the rest stay put.
47) 8) dialog: (spitting) We got these sons of bitches. The helicopter makes a low pass on our heroes, now leanin against the truck as per Hugo's instructions. Jesse rubs head, grimacing angrily.
47) 11) dialog: {over bullhorn) You in the suit: both hands on the truck, I said.
47) 14) dialog: {over bullhorn) Hold it right there, Mister. You put your hands on that truck or we will lawfully blow your ass all over this goddamned highway. (CONTINUED)
49) 0) text: The marksman's rifle lands on deputy Foster's head, dropp him instantly. Hugo is right beside him but can only blin confused. Jesse turns to the astonished Tulip and Cassidy quietly determined.
52) 4) dialog: Pick up your fuckin’ guns, you assholes! They do, but by then the truck has raced away. General confusion. Deputy Foster gets shakily to his feet, poking his bleeding scalp. Hugo, having retrieved his pistol, is furious.
52) 5) dialog: You bunch of goddamned, by-the-Jesus, stupid, cocksuckin’ faggots - you stood there an' let those bastards drive away ~
52) 8) dialog: Well come on, for Jesus' sake! Get after them! You there, you get that chopper on the horn -
52) 10) dialog: Well, well, well. The Saint is unmoved, coat flapping a little in the breez head lowered slightly so the brim of his hat hides most o his face. Hugo puts a hand to his holstered pistol. His i. deputies bring up their weapons, not taking their eyes the Saint. (CONTINUED)
52) 13) dialog: Whe the fuck have we got here? No answer comes. Hugo locks annoyed.
52) 14) dialog: You look to me like you might be trouble, Mister. The Saint doesn't move. His voice isn't much more than a slow whisper, but it sounds terribly grim, full of restra threat.
52) 17) dialog: Is that a fact...
52) 19) dialog: Who the fuck does this asshole think he is? You boys get ready, now... The Saint pushes his coat back to reveal his holstered pistols. He doesn't pose with his hands over them, or any Hollywood gunfighter bullshit. He acts like he has all th time in the world.
52) 23) dialog: (snarling) Fuck you, Kenny. The minute he goes for them pistols, you open f- The Saint's hands blur to his holsters and come up with t black iron Walker Colt revolvers. Two massive roaring bla fill the air, flame shoots from the muzzles, smoke belche back. Deputy Foster's large gut explodes in a welter of gore. Kenny barely registers this as his shoulder erupts in a s ef blood and his entire arm is blown off. The arm cartwheels past Hugo in slow motion, still holdin Kenny's pistol, blood jetting everywhere. Hugo gasps as blood from the arm sprays into his face. The Saint steps towards the terrified deputies, cocks his pistols, fires again. He aims casually as he moves forwar at a stroll. The others bring up their guns and open fire. Multiple shots, automatic and shotgun fire. Two of them are flung packwards by the Saint's bullets, torn bloodily open.
54) 0) text: Hugo Root kneels at the end of the carnage, furious, tryi to wipe the blood out of his eyes.
54) 1) dialog: What the fuck is goin' on? Puck! Sons of fuckin’ whores - He clears his eyes, looks up, blinking, realizes the Sain legs are about three feet away. The Saint watches calmly, pistols held at his sides. He's been shot about a dozen times, but the wounds seem like nothing more than cuts or bad bruises. He's not so angry now, back to the slow-burning disdain. Hugo stands up, slow, holding his hands up open and empty He's not so much scared as very, very cautious, His pisto is gone from its holster.
54) 2) dialog: Now...you can see I ain't armed... The Saint raises one of the pistols, points it right at u The muzzle is a yawning black chasm.
56) 0) text: The Saint turns to look up at the ‘copter, not too impres Behind him, Hugo snaps out of it and runs like hell. The ‘copter hovers barely twenty yards over the cars and scattered bodies, the Saint turning towards it. The marks can clearly be seen, locked on target.
64) 0) text: A weary SECRETARY starts to stand as Hugo Root marches pa her, then freezes.
65) 5) dialog: Meeker, I want you to get right on that fuckin’ phone an' cali Washington. I want you to get those government sons of bitches down here to answer for what they done. Those by-the-Jesus, cocksuckin' Yankees think they can use us to test their goddamned experiments on, they can fuckin' think again. Dinnings stands, trying not to smile. Meeker just looks pained.
65) 7) dialog: Ain't nothin' wrong with me, goddamnit!
65) 9) dialog: {disliking him instantly) An' who the fuck are you supposed to be?
65) 17) dialog: Goddamn right. A moment passes, Meeker watching Hugo sadly, Hugo glaring back at him, Dinnings smiling as he studies Hugo.
65) 19) dialog: (spitting) Fuck you. Dinnngs grins. Meeker looks weary.
65) 21) dialog: Them sons of bitches built a fella can make you do whatever he tells you, an' a dirty motherfucker cop killer robot, an’ they've let ‘em both loose on us. (pointing to his face) I got the proof right here. See this? Deputy Kenny. I loved that boy like he was my own, an’ now I'm gonna have to go home and shampoo him outta my hair. An’ I wanna know just what the fuck you're planning to do @ about it. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Hugo walks into the front room, fuming quietly as Arsefac follows him, chattering away. The house is sparsely furnished, and not very clean. Worn-out furniture, old TV set. Hugo dumps his hat on the coffee table, sits down.
90) 0) text: The TV screen - which isn't turned on. We move slowly behind it, looking over it to see Hugo and Arseface sitting on the couch, watching the TV. Both have bottles of bud. Hugo fumes quietly, bitter as hell.
90) 6) dialog: Hugo Root here!
91) 2) dialog: (over radio) Meeker, you ain't interruptin' fuckin' shit. You make that cali to Washington like I told you?
91) 4) dialog: (over radio) The Preacher?
91) 6) dialog: Damn right I do, but what about the Preacher? He's the son of a bitch disarmed us an’ left us at that other bastard'’s mercy in the first place! (pause) Oh, you don't? Well, you go ahead an' rush right on over to the Ten- Ten: I'm gonna stop by the Rattler an' do some’ real investigatin’. I keep tellin' you there's more to this shit than you think, an’ that Custer'’s the key to all of it. (pause) Because it's fuckin' obvious, is why. An’ you'd know it too if you weren't sittin’ there sneerin' at me with that faggot Dinnings. I can hear him there, laughin' at me. You tell him fuck you. (pause) Then fuck you too, Meeker. I'm gonna find Custer an' blow this whole fuckin’ thing wide open. I'm gonna have them fucks up in Washington good an' tight by their John Thursdays, an’ you know what you're gonna have? Dick. He slams down the phone. Arseface creeps out towards us, unnoticed by Hugo.
92) 0) text: Hugo exits the house, slamming the door behind him. He shoves his hat on, buckles on his gunbelt, stomps angrily towards his car.
93) 0) text: Hugo gets in.
93) 1) dialog: Fuck you, Meeker. (CONTINUED)
93) 4) dialog: I'll show you some goddamned law enforcement.
94) 0) text: The car speeds away. The rear lights fade into the night. Then, from the gloom at the side of the house, Arseface pedals out on a BMX bicycle that's really far too small f him. Legs pumping furiously, he races off after Hugo as f as he can.
109) 1) dialog: Well, well. Game's a-fuckin'~foot.
110) 0) text: A dingy little office, with a dumb-looking night clerk immersed in a porno mag; the latest issue of ANAL RAMPAGE Judging by his intense concentration, the big words are giving him trouble. He looks slowly up as Hugo strides in
110) 1) dialog: You there, nosepick. You seen anyone lookin’ kinda unusual comin' in here?
110) 3) dialog: I mean not normal, you asshole. Different.
110) 5) dialog: What is it with you? You got so many colourful folks stayin’ here, you need me to narrow it down? (CONTINUED)
110) 10) dialog: I swear, you musta leaked out of a hole in a goddamn prophylactic. Specifically: I’m lookin' for an ugly fella wearin' sunglasses, a stringy beanpole sort've a bitch an' an asshole dressed up like a Preacher. Ring any fuckin' belis?
110) 12) dialog: Fucked if it ain't them. When'd they check out? They say where they were headed?
110) 14) dialog: (pained) Did they say where they were goin'?
110) 16) dialog: Well Smith ain't their real name, you fuckin' mongoloid!
110) 20) dialog: (fuming) I am Sheriff Hugo Root, the man who took down a renegade Preacher and shot a worthless by~the-Jesus cop killer full of fuckin' holes and blew open a goddamned Washington conspiracy so big it makes Watergate look like a damp bloodfart. You will hear my name again, you worthless son of a bitch. He turns and stomps out.
111) 1) dialog: (over radio) This here is Hugo Root. All units in eo the vicinity to converge on Annville. I repeat, all units make your way to Annville immediately. This thing is goin' down an' that's the town it's gonna happen in. Get me tactical. Abandon the roadblocks. Get everybody out an' get ‘em over there: now.
113) 0) text: Hugo hangs up the radio, glares out over the wheel at the night beyond. Full of curdling, evil hatred, a man anticipating his chance to wreak cruel, violent revenge o the world, 129 130 131 132 83.
122) 0) text: Hugo's cruiser skids to a stop, the fireball from the exploding car in town reflected in its windscreen. Multip
124) 3) dialog: Say hello to justice, you godfearin' fuck. Tulip freaks and goes for her pistol, but only has it hal way out of her purse when Hugo leans across the top of th truck and points his gun in her face. HUGO . Go on an’ take it outta there, whore. Put it on the truck an' back away. Slowly, She complies, very wary, totally aware of the delicacy of situation.
124) 4) dialog: That's a good little beave. He knocks her pistol off the truck ~ on his side. His fac twists, mean.
124) 5) dialog: Looks like I got me one of these weird fuckin' by-the-Jesus F.B.I. cocksuckers. Reckon I'll take a walk into town an’ fetch out the other one. (taking out handcuffs) (MORE )
124) 8) dialog: But first I want you in irons, you scrawny little bitch.
124) 11) dialog: Goddamn. He puts his boot on Jesse's head and stomps him face firs into the dirt. Jesse grunts, lies still.
124) 12) dialog: You just lay there, boy. Don't want you givin' any more crazy fuckin‘ orders. He turns back to Tulip, only to find she's gone.
124) 13) dialog: Shit! He searches the area, peering into the night ~ then relax Tulip is running hell for leather towards Annville, unfortunately silhouetted against the flames. Hugo smiles nastily, takes careful aim.
124) 14) dialog: Shoulda done like Daddy told you, eunt- He suddenly screams in agony, a high~pitched shriek, and gun goes off into the sky with a huge bang. Then he drops it. Jesse, still on the ground, is grimacing hatefully and clutching Hugo by the balls, squeezing for all he's worth Hugo keeps screaming. 140 141 142 92.
125) 0) text: Tulip reaches the outskirts of town, still a bit freaked trying to catch her breath after her mad dash to get away from Hugo. She turns the corner into the main street, to be greeted scene of blazing destruction. The buildings are on fire, street is littered with corpses. Her eyes narrow as she peers into the distance. Down at the other end of the street, we can just make out Saint finishing off the last of the cops. One guy falls t his knees. The Saint puts his pistol to the guy's head. Tulip's eyes widen. The gun roars and the guy falls back dead, all in silhoue Tulip dodges back round the corner, flattens herself agai the wall, freaked.
126) 0) text: Hugo is flipped right round on the end of Jesse’s right h grunts with pain. A bad beating follows. Jesse punches Hugo five times in t face to knock him back, once in the gut to bend him over, knees him in the face to snap his head back and then hook hard left into his chin to send him flying back against t truck. All this in slightly over ten seconds.
128) 0) text: Hugo's pulped face comes through the truck window at us i spray of broken glass. Jesse hauls him back out again, snarls hatefully into his face. Hugo barely knows what planet he's on.
130) 0) text: Hugo is still conscious, just about, spitting blood, gasp hate. Jesse holds him up by the collar.
130) 1) dialog: I know what you are, you son of a bitch...You're a goddamned Washington secret fuckin’ weapon...they grew you in some kinda genetic by-the-Jesus laboratory...
130) 5) dialog: I got your ass. Jesse's face goes dangerously cold. His eyes slowly narro
139) 1) text: Guess this one's all Hugo's...
146) 0) text: The three of them walk towards the battered pick-up Jesse Tulip arrived in. Jesse and Cassidy move slowly, favourin their various wounds. No sign of Hugo Root.