1) 4) dialog: Tulip, I know this has gotta be kind of upsetting-
1) 6) dialog: Aw, now don't say his name like that-
1) 8) dialog: Honey-
1) 10) text: The REVEREND JESSE CUSTER stands in front of the platform Facing him is TULIP O'HARE, angry and amazed. (CONTINUED )
1) 13) dialog: It wasn't all that bad-
1) 15) dialog: .--IT can't.
1) 17) dialog: T mean I can't tell you why I left you to become a Preacher. I made a promise to someone, someone real important to me. I had to do right by ’en.
1) 19) dialog: Oh Jesus, honey. Of course I did. [I just...I thought you'd get over it, find someone else...
1) 22) text: You were my dream, Jesse. How did you think I was gonna get over you? All that time we spent, running cars into Vegas or Austin or San Antone, and I used to look at you and say, “Re’s really mine.* (pause) And you used to lock at me and say you'd love me until the end of the world.
1) 23) dialog: (miserable) I know. I know. But it can't ever be that way again.
1) 25) dialog: I told you. I made a promise. I never went back on my word to anyone, an' if I was to start doin' it now I figure I wouldn't be worth a good @ goddamn. She stares at him, quietly stunned. He looks back at her, sad but determined. There it is. She puts a hand to her face. Jesse reaches out to her, concerned.
1) 27) dialog: I guess not.
1) 29) text: She turns and stomps out, furious, almost tearful. The miserable Jesse can only stand and watch her go. The door slams behind her and Jesse is left alone. He slu back into a pew, as low as he can go, upset and a little angry ~
1) 30) dialog: Shit. He turns towards the lectern. Below the open Bible on top it is a little shelf, hidden from the view of the congregation. On it are a nearly full bottle of Jack Daniel's, a silver Zippo and several packets of Marlboros
2) 0) text: Jesse sits alone, smoking a Marlboro, taking long, slow p on the bourbon. He's taken his jacket off, loosened his collar. About a dozen cigarette butts lie stubbed out on pew beside him. He has a surly look about him, pissed off the world in general and the shitty hand dealt him by fat He stares resentfully up at the big black cross behind th lectern. He's turned all the lights out except for a litt one on the lectern that illuminates the Bible. Lots of shadows. He raises the bottle again, swigs it. Only half- full now. Jesse drinks bourbon the way normal people drin water.
3) 0) text: Flashback. A slightly YOUNGER JESSE, wearing black T-shir and jeans, strides confidently through a crowded bar with pretty, if skinny, dark-haired GIRL on his arm. The place jumping, dark and smoky, a rough crowd getting good and drunk. Light comes mostly from neon beer signs. As he passes us, a face in the background swims into focus: the YOUNGER TULIP, seeing him for the first time, liking what sees. Jesse leans back against the bar, sticks a cigarette in h mouth, surveys the bar with mild interest as his girlfrie searches her purse for a lighter. To Jesse's slight surprise, a woman's hand comes into view from his other s lighting his cigarette with a silver Zippo. By the time h girlfriend has come up with her own lighter, it's too lat The girl turns, startled to see Jesse staring into Tulip' eyes as she closes the Zippo, smiling knowingly back at h ging. Instant connection. 10 11 12
4) 0) text: Jesse takes another pull on the bourbon, head leant back against the pew.
6) 0) text: The younger Jesse and Tulip. He's driving, grinning, enjoying her attention as she laughs in delight. A quick glimpse of the cruiser disappearing in the dust behind th as she leans over to him and they kiss, smiling all the while.
7) 0) text: Another swig for Jesse. We move a little closer each time
8) 0) text: Younger Jesse and Tulip making love on the hood of the Ferrari, lying in their own discarded clothes. Beautiful night in the desert, towers of rock rising in the backgro sky full of stars. As we move closer they finish, kissing each other deeply. Jesse looks down at her and they both grin, exhausted but happy. Jesse's p.9.v.: Tulip smiling up at him, happy, loving. T is his sweetest memory of her - bathed in starlight. A lo moment. INT. CHURCH - NIGHT il Another swig. Barely any whiskey left. He locks miserable for a moment, saddened.
9) 0) text: Younger Jesse comes charging down the hospital corridor, desperate, running past various curious DOCTORS and “ (CONTINUED) 12 13 14 45 16 17 18 19
10) 0) text: Jesse's pain takes on a bitter edge as he grits his teeth retain control.
11) 0) text: Jesse sits alone in the darkened hospital room, staring a the floor, face in shadow. Behind him, an ECG and various monitors are turned off. As we pull back we realize there a body in the bed, sheet pulled up to cover the face. We pull back further and fade out.
12) 0) text: Jesse raises his head, and we see that anger is replacing sadness as he stares up at the cross, bitter and resentfu He gets angrier with each passing second. His lip curls i a snarl as he stands and flings the empty bottle with all might. It shatters into a million pieces against the cros The sound seems huge in the enclosed space - ‘then it fad
14) 0) text: Jesse lies across one of the pews, asleep in his clothes. Bright light floods in through the windows. He slowly rai his head, bleary~eyed. Not looking too good. Hair tousled unshaven, red eyes, clothes dishevelled. He grimaces as t hangover makes itself known. Slowly he becomes aware of t engine noises outside. Then he freaks. (CONTINUED)
14) 3) dialog: Oh, fuck!
15) 0) text: About a dozen cars and pick-ups ~ none in very good condi ~ are drawn up in front of the church, some still parking People, family groups mostly, are making their way toward the door. Jesse's congregation has arrived.
16) 0) text: Jesse rushes desperately about, attempting to kick the br glass and cigarette butts under the pews, do up his colla pull on his jacket, straighten his hair and slap himself awake - all in five seconds.
16) 1) dialog: Sunday! It would have to be fuckin’ Sunday!
18) 0) text: Jesse stands in the aisle between the pews as the light f the open door falls across him. He looks a little bit cleaner, but not much. He plasters on a fake smile and fights hard to look as cheerful as possible.
18) 1) dialog: Mornin'!
20) 0) text: The congregation have taken their seats, and Jesse stands the lectern, leaning on it as he gives his sermon. (CONTINUED)
20) 3) dialog: +..and that's what Jesus was trying to tell us when he did these things: that God, his Father in Heaven, will forgive us our sins no matter what they might he... Jesse really isn't looking well. The hangover's kicking i but good. He's sweating. He runs a hand through his hair, blinks a lot to try to concentrate.
20) 4) dialog: But we have to ask him for that forgiveness. His congregation is not particularly inspiring material. Maybe 20-25 people, all staring dully back at him or at t floor, bored. KIDS look out the windows. A couple of FAT GUYS, a STRINGY-LOOKING WOMAN, an OLDER GUY WITH NO CHIN, FAT KID picking his nose.
20) 5) dialog: And we have to mean it when we ask, or his forgiveness is rendered pointless. We can't expect to sin and be forgiven all throughout our lives. God can forgive us our sins - but it's up to us to accept his forgiveness and his love, and live from that point on without sin, as best as we are able... Jesse stifles a belch, swallows hard, sweats, tries to sm and look like a guy who's got the inside scoop.
20) 6) dialog: What we can't do is come to church every Sunday an‘ say a few quick prayers, and then sin as much as we darn well want for the rest of the week. As he continues, we focus on one of the fat guys in the congregation again ~ he's asleep. Then a BORED TEENAGE BO looking down his SISTER'S cleavage. Then the nose-picking kid, and the huge booger he’s hauling out of his nostril. Jesse's voice begins to falter.
20) 7) dialog: That ain't the way it works, folks. The Lord wants a commitment from us...and... : (CONTINUED)
20) 10) dialog: And, uh...he wants a promise of faith... The nose-picking kid's booger slides out of his nose, stu to his finger. It's a biggie, all right, all green and snattery. Jesse's face falls in weary disgust.
20) 11) dialog: Because that's how... He clams up and we see the anger returning to his face. A moment passes.
20) 12) dialog: Aw, fuck it! That gets their attention.
22) 0) text: The congregation gapes at Jesse, transfixed.’ He rants at them, red-faced and furious, spitting hate. He's like som evangelist on PCP as he pours out his frustration.
22) 1) dialog: You bunch of dull-eyed fucks! You stupid, worthless, inbred cocksuckers! You sit there like a bunch of fucked-to-death zombies while I spout this fucking bullshit at you - you think I do this for fun? You think this is your goddamned entertainment? I'm supposed to be leoking after your fucking shitty spiritual welfare here, and all you do is sit on your fat redneck asses and stare back at me, ‘til I feel like some kinda zoo animal on mongoloid visitin' day! Well fuck you, you hear me? You assholes are doin’ exactly the kind of shit I was
22) 5) dialog: talkin’ about, but you can't even fucking see it! each particular sinner in turn, beginning with guy.
22) 6) dialog: Harve Collins. I could feed half of India on the grants you get for that farm, Harve - which'd be a lot more than you ever did, you chinless lookin’ motherfucker! The stringy~looking girl is next, horrified. So's Harve.
22) 7) dialog: An’ what about the little straight to video release that Kate here shot in your barn? You get consent from that stallion, Kate, or were you just trynna broaden his horizons?
22) 9) dialog: Mark Bannon! Ate dogshit for a dare last Saturday night! What the fuck is it with you, you don't eat enough shit working in goddamned McDonald's? a DOZY-LOOKING GUY in the middle, with a steel across his nose, and then the petrified nose-
22) 10) dialog: But movin’ on past Michael here, the only Annville boy who ever went to California, and you - you dirty little fucker, you oughta keep pullin’ ‘til you drag your goddamn brains outta there too - what I wanna know is, exactly why the fuck do you people come here? What the fuck is it you think I can do for you? I been fuckin' trynna tell you, you can't act like assholes all week an’ then wash it away with half an hour here on Sunday mornings! That just ain’t how it works! 28 29 13.
24) 0) text: The congregation is muttering now as they stare at Jesse, pleased, He seems to be building to a climax.
24) 1) dialog: I pray for you, you know that? I ask God to help you see the way you act is wrong. I ask him to help me show you what's right. But it's been two years now, and you assholes are just as fucked up as you always were. And all I can conclude is that the good Lord is using my prayers to wipe his ass... This is too much. Most of them get to their feet. Several shouts. The fat guy snarls.
24) 3) dialog: (to the skies) So you tell me, God, ‘cause you've got all the fuckin' answers, you tell me what I'm supposed to do here. Tell me how the good people of Annville, Texas figure in the grand design. You bust me up with a girl so perfect I could live a hundred lifetimes an' never meet another like her, an’ you send me to this worthless fuckin’ shithole so I can minister to all these goddamned throwbacks - so come on, Lord! Give me a sign! Give me some incontrovertible evidence that the Almighty ain't got His head shoved firmly up His ass! A sudden explosion of light. The door flies apart. Before anyone can even turn to look, the Genesis comet charges i the church and right at Jesse. His eyes bulge in amazemen
31) 0) text: Despite the smoke, the church isn't actually on fire. The walls are badly holed, the roof is gone, the place is a s stained wreck - but as Tulip discovers, picking her way carefully through the rubble, the smoke is coming from th remains of the congregation. Their scorched skeletons lie sprawled over the pews or flung back into seated position little fires burning inside the ribcages, flesh burnt cle off the bones. A hellish scene. Tulip advances, shocked, fearful of what's yet to come. S coughs a bit, wafts the smoke aside. She passes the skele of the nose-picking kid, sitting stupidly with a bony fin jammed in its nasal cavity. The she turns to us, catches sight of something, stifles a gasp. Jesse lies sprawled across the little platform at the front, burning pages fr
32) 0) text: Tulip shoves the unconscious Jesse up and into the back o her pick-up, straining with all her might. She seems pret agitated, ready to be off. She opens the passenger side door, grabs a blanket from under the seat. As she closes door, she notices several townsfolk making their way towa the church.
35) 0) text: Run-down place beside a desert road, no other buildings about. The night is still. Tulip's pick-up is parked at o of the pumps, and she's filling the tank. She finishes, leans over to look at Jesse, anxious. He doesn't look goo at all - sweating, fidgeting in his sleep, face twisting.
39) 6) dialog: Huh...? Cassidy is actually looking a bit concerned now, but not himself. Tulip is ready to shoot.
41) 3) dialog: Goddamnit!
47) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip get out of the truck, hands high. As th helicopter passes overhead, Jesse can be seen in the back the truck, still holding his head.
47) 4) dialog: Who the fuck's he? (CONTINUED )
47) 10) dialog: Tulip, what the fuck is goin' on here?
47) 12) dialog: (fuming) FUCK THIS. He turns towards the roadblock, grim as hell, lowering hi arms. Tulip gasps.
47) 17) dialog: (word of God) Drop the guns. All of you. And let us go. The deputies freeze. So does Hugo. Their faces go blank. moment passes. Then they start dropping their guns on the ground. A loud clatter as the various firearms hit the de
49) 0) text: The marksman's rifle lands on deputy Foster's head, dropp him instantly. Hugo is right beside him but can only blin confused. Jesse turns to the astonished Tulip and Cassidy quietly determined.
49) 1) dialog: I think we oughta be leavin’. They stare at him for a second, then snap out’ of it.
49) 8) dialog: (nodding slightly) Get in the truck.
51) 0) text: Jesse's face twists in confusion. Then he snaps out of it looks at Tulip.
51) 1) dialog: I ain't about to leave anyone to get fucked up by these assholes. We can talk about it later. Okay? Tulip glances at the cops, fumes, wrenches open the door. Jesse gets in, she follows. Cassidy's already gotten in t passenger side.
53) 0) text: Jesse turns to stare out the back window, bewildered. The lights of the firefight and the roadblock can be seen reflected in the glass.
53) 1) dialog: Tulip, will you pull over for a second?
56) 4) dialog: It's hard to see - A sudden flash of light illuminates them as they stagger pack, shielding their eyes. 65 66 67 68 69 70
58) 0) text: Cassidy's freaked. Jesse peers closely at us, shielding h eyes as the flames light his face.
60) 0) text: Jesse's eyes widen, amazed.
62) 0) text: Jesse turns to the equally freaked Cassidy, and they star each other.
62) 5) dialog: Tulip, let's go! You come on if you're comin'!
70) 0) text: A tiny, grimy little room. Jesse dumps all his old clothes into the trash. Last to g is the white collar, which he hesitates on. Lowering it, studies his reflection in the mirror intently. He looks a little bit pissed off, a sense of determination.
70) 1) dialog: What the fuck is happenin’ to me?
71) 20) dialog: (to Cassidy) You still here?
71) 22) dialog: {genuinely curious) Where the hell did you hear that?
71) 25) dialog: Yeah, same again for me an' the lady. (to Cassidy) You want another beer?
71) 28) dialog: Not’ really. You're payin'. They smile shrewdly at each other for a moment. Then Cass grins.
71) 36) dialog: What d'you mean, as long as you have? What you doin' out here anyway? e@ CASSIDY Aw, y'know, seein' the world. That's how I came to be borrowin' your truck, as a matter of fact. Through a series of adventures too fuckin’ mental to go into now, I found myself stranded in the arse-end of nowhere. Cheers for givin’ us a lift out of it. (pause) I notice you're still wearin' the collar, there.
71) 37) dialog: (thoughtful) Yeah. Well, I reckon I still have business with the Lord. {lights a cigarette, offers Cassidy one) I'd like to know what the fuck happened to me today, for one thing. How I came to be able to do what I did to those deputies. An’ who the hell that gunfighter son of a bitch is, too. @ Tulip nudges him as the waitress returns with their dri and they all clam up. The girl pays special attention to
71) 39) text: 79° CONTINUED: (4) 79 = Jesse as she sets down the drinks. Nobody notices, but couple of the rednecks have sidled over to eavesdrop.
71) 41) dialog: Now, what would a real one be doin' in a den of sin like this? You go on an' keep it, honey.
71) 46) dialog: ‘Cause he doesn't want me doin’ this shit, or somethin’? Yeah, that figures.
71) 48) dialog: Maybe so.
71) 50) dialog: @ Like I say, I want some answers. If it turns out I gotta go to him to get ‘em,..there it is.
71) 55) dialog: (leaning in, annoyed) I don't care if he can shoot cruise missiles from his pecker. Nobody - I mean nobody - fucks with me like I been fucked with today an’ walks away with their teeth still intact. An’ if that motherfucker wants to get in my way he's gonna be wearin’ his six- guns up his ass. A pause. Cassidy seems rather fazed, not sure what to thi
74) 0) text: Jesse, Tulip and Cassidy have left the Rattler. Tulip isn too happy. Jesse grimaces a little. Cassidy follows, enjoying their argument.
74) 2) dialog: Aw, now that wasn't it at all...
74) 4) dialog: I like it fine. The leader stops about a yard from Jesse.
74) 6) dialog: (weary) Oh, Jesus...look, if she's your girl, relax, okay? I ain't interested. You got me all wrong.
74) 12) dialog: I'm sayin’ you'd crawl over fifty good pussies to get to a fat boy's ass. The leader moves - too slow. Jesse slams two fingers up h nostrils, twists, and rips upwards. A terrible ripping an gout of blood. The guy howls and falls. The others are so surprised, Jesse has time to step in and hook a right, le and another right into the second guy's face. He drops li a ton of shit. A third guy reaches for Jesse, but Cassidy grabs his shoulder, smiles nastily, and headbutts him in the face. massive, almost hollow-sounding impact. The guy's eyes bu and he falls, nose spread all over his face like a burst tomato. Jesse ducks a swing from number four, sinks a low one int the guy's stomach. The guy folds up around it, gasping. Number five jumps on Cassidy's back. The sixth guy dances pack out of trouble. The sixth guy sneakily snaps open a switchblade, waits fo his chance. Jesse holds number four against a car and punches the shi out of him. Cassidy flips the fifth one over his shoulder. The guy flies at least ten yards through the air. Tulip's eyes widen as she follows the are of his descent.
74) 21) dialog: Jesus Fuckin' Christ. (CONTINUED)
74) 26) dialog: What the fuck you do that for...?
74) 28) dialog: So you figured you’d snack on this fella's neck? What are you, some kinda fuckin' vampire?
74) 30) dialog: It...can't be...
74) 35) dialog: (angry) ; Goddamnit, Cassidy! Knock it off! But Cassidy clearly likes it too much, gulping merrily aw Bloed dribbles everywhere.
74) 37) dialog: (word of God} Knock it off! Cassidy is amazed. He flings the corpse to the ground, furious.
74) 40) dialog: That don't make him a two-dollar Slurpee! An' I'd've told you to fuck yourself the minute I laid eyes on you, if I'd known you were some kinda fuckin' abomination! Cassidy freezes, stunned. For just a second he looks hurt then his face sets in a pissed-off grimace. Jesse faces h with narrowed eyes. Neither man will give ground. Then Cassidy turns on his heel and stomps away.
74) 44) dialog: Forget it, Tulip. I don't wanna talk about it.
74) 46) dialog: I said I don't wanna-
74) 48) dialog: Shit! He charges after the truck, but it’s already racing off d the road.
74) 49) dialog: Come back here, you unbelievable motherfucker! I'll kick your fucking ass to death! Fuck! He gives up, roaring hatefully.
74) 50) dialog: You worthless son of a bitch! Tulip's hand comes into shot between us and Jesse, firing gun. Jesse gapes. Tulip snarls with hatred, blasting away until the pistol locks dry. Jesse stares.
74) 53) dialog: (grabbing the gun) What the fuck is this?
74) 55) dialog: Tulip, what are you doing with this fucking thing?
74) 58) dialog: (reluctant TI dunno. I'm gettin' sick of runnin’ away all the goddamn time.
76) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip stand at the side of the road, watching t light of the cruisers and ambulances as they pull away fr the distant Rattler and disappear into the night. Jesse turns, notices Tulip is shivering a bit, hugging herself. She's not exactly dressed for the cool desert night. Jesse takes his coat off, wraps it round her. She' a little startled, looks up at him. They find themselves very close for a moment. Then they move apart, both rather awkward.
76) 2) dialog: (smiling) I guess it has been kind of a long day.
79) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip enter. She has the key. t's a shitty room everything old and worn. A bed, a TV set, a phone, a door the bathroom. Jesse slips his collar back into place.
79) 2) dialog: Fooled him, didn't it? That boy looked dumb enough to jerk off with a fistful of barbed wire. He ain't gonna be callin’ any law. Tulip shrugs, sits, takes out her pistol. She ejects the clip, bangs in a new one. Then she notices Jesse watching
79) 3) dialog: Why the hell you packin' that goddamn thing, anyhow?
79) 7) dialog: What?
79) 9) dialog: I was just worried for you, is all.
79) 12) dialog: Hell, why not. With all this other shit down on our heads, = guess it don't make a goddamn bit of difference anyway. Tulip smiles, pleased. Then Jesse looks up.
79) 13) dialog: But you go first. That catches her for a moment. She hesitates, then takes deep breath.
79) 18) dialog: Who were you borrowin' from?
79) 20) dialog: Macavoy?! That son of a bitch in Houston? That's the motherfucker tried to rip us off om that Lamborghini thing an' I swore I was gonna-
79) 23) dialog: (quietly appalled) You...you were a hooker?
85) 0) text: Jesse is staring wide-eyed at Tulip, mouth shut, but she doesn't notice. She seems really irritated.
89) 5) dialog: (fazed) I don't think so...
89) 7) dialog: I'm glad to hear that. Tulip looks up, curious.
89) 8) dialog: ‘Cause the Tulip I remember, the thought of takin' someone's life - even an asshole's life - woulda scared the livin’ hell outta her. She smiles a little. So does he. A warm moment between them. Tulip even laughs a little, then more.
89) 10) dialog: Yeah. Well. My Daddy died. Tulip stops short, looks up at him.
89) 11) dialog: I got word that time we were in Phoenix. Nurse said on the phone he didn’t have long. You were shopping, remember? I couldn't wait ‘til when we agreed to meet - had to just head Straight for home. Got there just in time, way it turned out. He was hurtin’ real bad. You never met my Daddy, but I swear he was the strongest man I ever knew. He pauses. Tulip watches, concerned. This is clearly aifficult for him.
89) 16) dialog: Still right there in my Daddy's eyes. Tulip is genuinely affected by this, sorry for him. His voice softens again.
89) 17) dialog: @ It was him, Tulip. He got me to become a minister. Just like he'd been, and his daddy before him. An’ I looked in those eyes of his an’ I knew I had no choice but to do just like he wanted.
89) 19) dialog: Oh, I thought about it. I was gonna do it. An‘ then I thought - an' say what? Sorry, honey, I gotta leave you for the church. Too bad about your’ broken heart. I figured the best thing was to disappear outta your life. 1 knew it’d be hard on you, an‘ I regret it more'n anything I ever did in my life, but...aw, Jesus.
89) 23) dialog: I didn't want you to understand. I wanted you to go on hating me. To leave me outta your life an’ go away an’ have a chance of being happy. An' then, I dunno, I'd be able to carry on doin’ what I had to do, no matter how shitty it was. (pause) See, I knew I caused my Daddy pain with the life I was leadin'. He told me, he said, “If you make one promise in your life that means anything, son - please let it be this one.” He brought me into this world. He fed an' clothed me an' raised me the way he thought was just an’ proper. An' seein’ him in that bed I knew I had one final chance to do right by him, the way he always did for me. [I became a Preacher for my Daddy, Tulip...because it was just the right goddamned thing to do. e@ He looks at her, smiles sadly.
89) 24) dialog: An’ now look. I did the right thing. I fucked up my life, an’ I fucked up yours even worse, an’ what I achieved by it don't amount to a bucket of horseshit. He slumps a bit. Tulip looks up, struck by a thought.
89) 26) dialog: (smiling sadly) Tulip...I like Texas. An' I'm through runnin’. @ Her face falls a bit.
89) 31) dialog: Guy tried to kill him. You tellin’ me if some son of a bitch tried that with you, you wouldn't blow ‘em away with that cannon you got in your purse?
89) 33) dialog: Oh hell, I'm already regrettin' sayin’ that to him. "Abomination"...I never stood in judgement like that on a fella before...
89) 35) dialog: Maybe so. But I can't just walk away from this now. An’ I'd like to think I can still face down the bad guys an’ find out what's been done to me without becomin’ some kinda all-out shitheel. A moment passes as she sadly studies him.
89) 42) dialog: (taken aback) After everything I did to you- She puts a finger to his lips.
95) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip lie in bed, both apparently asleep. Their clothes lie all over the place. Just a sheet over them. Jesse opens his eyes, dozy for a second. Then he turns to Tulip, studies her for a long moment. He gets out of bed creeps to the bathroom.
96) 0) text: A small, cramped room with a dim light. Letting the sink fill with water, Jesse dozily watches himself in the litt mirror above the sink.
96) 1) dialog: Nice goin’, Custer. You think of anything else you can do to complicate things even more, you be sure an' let me know. He leans down, splashes water on his face. He stands straight again, freezes. The image in the mirro is now one of roaring, blazing flames. Weird thing is, th light from them is trapped within the mirror, doesn't illuminate the bathroom at all.
97) 0) text: Tulip wakes up, dozy, then registers Jesse's not beside h She sits up, wary. (CONTINUED)
98) 0) text: Jesse stares, face twisted, completely bewildered.
99) 0) text: The flames blaze away. They seem to go on forever. Nothin else is visible. Then, centred in shot, we see a small, black object silhouetted against the fire. Moving closer, we realize that it's two figures locked together, having very violent sex. One is an ANGELIC MALE just like the one whose face we glimpsed when Jesse was possessed by Genesis. He has vast white wings, golden hai big muscles, and no clothes. He holds his partner by the throat, roaring in agony and anger. The other is the same DEMON FEMALE we saw during Jesse's possession ~ huge curv horns, cloven hooves, shiny, jet-black body, clawed hands big fangs. She has her legs wrapped around the Angel's wa as they hump away like crazy. She tears her claws down hi back, Spraying blood across his wings, and bites chunks o flesh from his chest. INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT lili Jesse continues to stare, jaw suddenly dropping at what h sees.
100) 0) text: The door opens and Tulip comes in, puzzled, holding a she around her, Jesse continues to stare into the mirror, riveted.
100) 3) dialog: (snapping out of it) Huh?
100) 5) dialog: (after a long pause) . Looked to me kinda like an angel of the Lord an’ a demon from Hell. Fucking. There's an even longer pause while Tulip takes a hard loo the mirror.
100) 7) dialog: No, wait a minute, goddamnit. I saw them already tonight. Both of ‘em. An' I saw ‘em when that fuckin’ thing hit me in the church, just before everybody got fried. I'm tellin’ you, Tulip: I saw their faces.
100) 11) dialog: T dunno, but it's showin’ them to me. It wants me to know what they did. It gave me this power, the gunfighter's after me because of it, an' now this...
100) 13) dialog: They were fuckin' each other's brains out.
100) 15) dialog: (incredulous) Their child? They stare at each other for a moment, amazed. Then Jesse turns away, wary, thinking hard.
103) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip are halfway through getting dressed when phone rings. They look at it, then at each other, nonplussed. Jesse picks up the phone, wary.
103) 1) dialog: Yeah...?
104) 2) dialog: (over phone) Cassidy?!
105) 0) text: Neither Jesse nor Tulip can believe it.
105) 1) dialog: What the fuck are you-
106) 0) text: Jesse grimaces as a massive bang sounds on the line. He turns to look at Tulip, both of them pretty freaked out.
108) 0) text: Jesse exits, tucking his shirt in. Grim sense of resolve. Tulip hurries after him, wary.
108) 2) dialog: Uh-huh.
108) 4) dialog: Uh-huh. He stops at a battered pick-up, reaches through the half- window to unlock the door, flips down the sunshade, catch the keys as they fall.
108) 5) dialog: Nice to see folks ain't gettin' any smarter.
108) 7) dialog: What? Now hold on there, honey-
108) 13) dialog: { impressed) Goddamn, girl. That just might be where we're headed.
114) 0) text: Tulip checks her pistol, then puts it back on her purse, turns to look warily at Jesse. He sits well back, eyes locked on the road. Whatever else he's feeling, he isn't scared.
124) 0) text: The battered pick-up pulls out and Jesse and Tulip exit, gaping at the burning town. Distant screams and gunshots be made out.
124) 2) dialog: It's his M.Q. View from behind them, with Annville burning away. Then we move in fast on Jesse. At the last second he star to turn - and is smashed in the head with a 45 automatic. grunts and drops like a stone. It's Hugo.
124) 10) dialog: Son of a bitch-
126) 0) text: Hugo is flipped right round on the end of Jesse’s right h grunts with pain. A bad beating follows. Jesse punches Hugo five times in t face to knock him back, once in the gut to bend him over, knees him in the face to snap his head back and then hook hard left into his chin to send him flying back against t truck. All this in slightly over ten seconds.
128) 0) text: Hugo's pulped face comes through the truck window at us i spray of broken glass. Jesse hauls him back out again, snarls hatefully into his face. Hugo barely knows what planet he's on.
128) 1) dialog: You watch your goddamned mouth when you talk about her.
130) 0) text: Hugo is still conscious, just about, spitting blood, gasp hate. Jesse holds him up by the collar.
130) 2) dialog: What the fuck are you talkin’ about? Behind his back, Hugo's hand fumbles in his belt, pulls something out. His face twists, hateful. e sco You little bastard.
130) 6) dialog: (word of God) Fuck yourself. Hugo's eyes bulge in horror and terror.
132) 0) text: Jesse runs like hell for Annville, anxious.
132) 1) dialog: Tulip! Jesus fuckin' Christ! Tulip?
133) 4) dialog: Tulip-!
133) 8) dialog: (quiet) Never again, baby. She stares at him, horrified. The Saint turns the gun on Jesse, takes aim. Tulip freaks
141) 0) text: Jesse crashes to the ground with sickening force. The Sai who just hit him, is standing a good twenty feet away. Tulip watches, horrified. Jesse gets to his feet as his opponent advances, just in to punch the Saint in the jaw. No effect. Another one. No effect. A fast combination: right, left, right, left, rig to the guts, left to the guts, haymaker across the face. effect. The Saint backhands him across the face, smashes against a burning police cruiser. Jesse staggers, spits blood, stays on his feet. They face each other for a moment, Jesse hateful and defi the Saint just grim. The Saint comes at him again. Jesse gets in a couple of (useless) punches, then dodges just in time and the Saint punches his fist through the cruiser'’s roof. Jesse karate chops him in the throat, rolls backwards acr the car's hood, kicking the Saint in the face as he goes. The Saint is actually staggered a bit. Jesse lands on is feet, weaves in again. : He runs right into the Saint's hand, which clamps down on hair, yanking his head back. The Saint then hauls him rig rough and sends him flying through a picket fence, shatte the boards. Jesse crawls in the wreckage of the fence, trying to get together. The Saint is coming up behind.
143) 5) dialog: You drew first.
143) 9) dialog: T didn't say a goddamned word. He fires and blows the Saint's brains clean out through t top of his head. The Saint staggers back. Jesse watches, eyes narrowed, grim. The Saint glares back, top of his head gone. We can see through the empty eye socket and out the back of his head He's as grim and mean as ever.
143) 12) dialog: Well...there were a couple of times, I gotta admit, he maybe had me a . Little worried.
143) 16) dialog: What I said to you, back at the bar. I was wrong. I apologize.
143) 18) dialog: But you set things right. Cassidy is quietly stunned. Then he reaches out his hand. Jesse takes it and they shake. Tulip is leaning on Jesse's shoulder.
143) 22) dialog: Quite a party.
143) 26) dialog: No... Tulip is curious.
143) 27) dialog: No I didn't. They're both curious as Jesse thinks to himself.
143) 28) dialog: It wasn't him that caused this. He was just a goddamned errand boy.
143) 30) dialog: He said it was the ones who sent him, remember? He said if you want answers.,.ask the Angels. He turns and yells angrily into the night sky.
143) 31) dialog: You bunch of assholes! You get your asses down here now! You got a lot of shit to answer for! Tulip and Cassidy look at each other, bewildered.
143) 32) dialog: It was you did this to me! You let that murderin' son of a bitch loose to hunt me down! You're the ones caused all this fuckin’ slaughter! (quieter, fuming) You, know what I can do with this goddamned power I got. You motherfuckers start talkin’ to me now - Or you won’t believe the shit that T'll do next. Sudden silence. The flames die away. Then the whole place is bathed in incredible, otherworldy white light. Tulip and Cassidy cover their eyes, but Jesse stares righ into the light. (CONTINUED)
143) 36) dialog: Cut the shit. The radiance fades. The angel figure disappears. Standing in front of Jesse is a slim-featured guy in a white suit real-life ANGEL, He looks a bit uncomfortable, like a P.R guy who hasn't done his homework.
143) 38) dialog: What the fuck are you supposed to be?
143) 40) dialog: Then you got a lot of explainin' to do. May as well get started. {word of God) An’ don't you leave out a fuckin' word. {back to normal) Now what the hell is it that's happened to me?
143) 42) dialog: I saw that part.
143) 47) dialog: Which ain't necessarily the same as good an’ evil, right?
143) 51) dialog: What does it want?
143) 55) dialog: An’ why me, exactly?
144) 0) text: Flashback to Jesse screaming at his congregation.
144) 1) dialog: Give me a sign! Give me some incontrovertible proof that the Almighty ain't got His head shoved firmly up His ass!
145) 0) text: Jesse considers.
145) 1) dialog: Might have done.
145) 3) dialog: The. fuck I will.
145) 5) dialog: Your word ain't worth dogshit on a hot afternoon. You set the Saint of Killers on me, an’ now he's fucked up you think I'm just gonna give myself up like nothin’ happened? Fuck (MORE) (CONTINUED )
145) 8) dialog: you...No, I think there's more to this that you ain't sayin’. Like how come God allowed this to happen, a thing bein' born that never shoulda? How come he didn't stop it himself?
145) 10) dialog: Every. Last. Word.
145) 12) dialog: Ain't quite the answer I expected. What the fuck do you mean, he's gone?
145) 14) dialog: How can God quit? How can the world keep goin'?
145) 17) dialog: Well they're gonna find out pretty fucking guickly, believe me. I'm gomna see to it,
145) 23) dialog: Why would he leave just when Genesis was born?
145) 25) dialog: Unless he was scared of it?
145) 27) dialog: It's as strong as he is, ain't it? Or maybe stronger? You said it yourself - it was somethin’ new. It gave me the power to be obeyed. If I found the Lord God Almighty, I could make him face the people of the world an' own up to runnin’ out on them. Right?
145) 29) dialog: I haven't got the what? Sudden silence. Jesse glares at the angel with steadily mounting anger.
145) 30) dialog: I haven't got the right? Fuck you! I gave my life to God, just like my Daddy did before me. We never quit on him. We stuck by him an’ his Holy (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
145) 34) dialog: Bible through thick an‘ thin, ao matter how shitty a hand we got dealt - an’ now you're tellin' me I ain't got the right to face him down an’ ask him what the fuck he thinks he's doin? (furious, losing it) Seems to me, asshole, that I got all the right in the goddamned world! Seems to me that every man an' woman on this planet has the right to say - Hey, Lord! You been fuckin' with us from day one! You been playin roulette with our fuckin' lives through ten thousand years of war, famine, death an’ fucked-up shit! So maybe you'd like to tell us, when you're finished movin’ in mysterious fuckin’ ways: (screaming) What the fuck do you mean by fuckin‘ quittin' on us?!! Silence for a moment. Tulip and Cassidy are very wary, waiting for whatever comes next. Jesse fumes, red-faced. The angel is shitting himself.
145) 36) dialog: Then the creator shouldn't shit on his creation. You wanna know how I got the right to make demands of the Lord? It's ‘cause I got given the power of God. I know what it's like. But all I did with it was the right fuckin' thing.
145) 38) dialog: I have had enough of you, ballsweat. You an’ your asshole pals in Heaven, you're responsible for this whole fuckin’ bloodbath. Well, I been thinkin': if there's a heaven, there has to be the other place as well, right? (CONTINUED)
145) 42) dialog: {word of God) Then you can go there. The angel's eyes bulge in unbelievable horror. He opens h mouth to scream, then bursts into bright red, blazing fla A terrible, unearthly scream echoes around the place, so that our heroes have to clamp their hands to their ears - then it fades into the distance, as the if the screamer h fallen down a deep, deep hole until he's out of earshot. angel is reduced to ash, scattered on the breeze. Jesse looks grimly at it, then turns away. Cassidy looks him, impressed.
146) 0) text: The three of them walk towards the battered pick-up Jesse Tulip arrived in. Jesse and Cassidy move slowly, favourin their various wounds. No sign of Hugo Root.
146) 6) dialog: Least I can do, partner. They get into the truck. 167 168 169 170 17. il4.
147) 0) text: Jesse's at the wheel, Tulip’s in the middle. Jesse starts the engine.
147) 2) dialog: If it takes me a goddamned Lifetime.
149) 3) dialog: Well, I ain't run into anything yet- Suddenly he freezes, stares, stamps on the brakes.
150) 0) text: The pick-up screeches to a halt, rocking back on its chas INT. STOLEN PICK-UP - NIGHT _ 417i Tulip and Cassidy are flung back in their seats. Then the turn to gape at Jesse.
151) 0) text: Illuminated in the headlights, still astride his BMX, is Arseface. He's looking curiously back at the truck. Our heroes peer out at him, freaked beyond belief. The he pedals awkwardly up to Jesse's side of the pick-up truck and sticks his head in the window.
152) 4) dialog: (whisper, to Cassidy) What ’the fuck is he sayin’?
152) 8) dialog: Uh...come again? That almost puts Tulip and Cassidy over the edge. A herculean effort to stop themselves from laughing. Arsefa is oblivious.
152) 10) dialog: I'm sorry, buddy. I can't understand a goddamned word you said. Arseface pulls a photo from his pocket, hands it in.
152) 13) dialog: Aaaaaah...! He hands the photo to Tulip, raises an eye. Tulip and Cassidy stare at it, eyes popping.
153) 0) text: Jesse leans out the window, hands the photo to Arseface, smiles reassuringly.
153) 1) dialog: Got you now, buddy. Yeah, I know who your Daddy is. Saw him tonight as a matter of fact.
153) 5) dialog: (very friendly, jerking thumb back) Sure I did. He's lyin’ back there with his dick up his ass. Jesse floors it, and the pick-up races off down the road cloud of dust, leaving Arseface staring after it.