1) 3) dialog: You're a Preacher? A fucking Preacher? Jesse, I can't fucking believe this! It took me so long to find you, I knew you had to be mixed up in something crazy, but...
1) 5) dialog: Yes, I'd say it's pretty fucking kind of upsetting. You walk out on me without a word of warning, you leave me high and dry in Phoenix with twenty-seven dollars to my name, and now after three years of searching the length and breadth of Texas I find you and what are you doing? You're worshipping fucking God!
1) 7) dialog: Excuse me, I'm just a little bit pissed at him at the moment. I'll say his name any way I want. I mean what the fuck is going on here?’ I expected to find you running hash over the border, or running a goddamn strip joint, or that you'd just gone back to the good old G.T.A. I expected to find you banging that skinny slut from Waco, whatsername. But instead you're a Preacher, an honest to fuck man of God, and the only thing you're banging is the Bible! Now what in the name of fuck is that all about?
1) 9) dialog: And another thing, just exactly how does an ex-car thief qualify for the fucking Ministry anyhow? There's no way you're telling me the church has
1) 10) text: The REVEREND JESSE CUSTER stands in front of the platform Facing him is TULIP O'HARE, angry and amazed. (CONTINUED )
1) 12) dialog: fe started embracing the kind of shit that we used to get up to!
1) 14) dialog: It wasn't? Christ, Jesse, there are people from New Orleans to San Diego still wondering what happened to their fucking Ferraris. The Jesse Custer I remember could hot-wire the Space Shuttle blindfold, used to put bourbon in his coffee because “sugar's for fags", and liked to fuck all day and all night till the sun came up again. Now, I don't recall learning too much of that kind of thing in Sunday School, but if that’s what Christians are into these days then please, tell me: where do I sign up? They look at each other for a moment, Jesse unsure of wha do, Tulip exasperated. Then she calms a little. e@ TULIP Just tell me why.
1) 16) dialog: What do you mean, you can't?
1) 18) dialog: {hurt, taken aback) But what about me, Jesse? Didn't you care about doing right by me?
1) 24) dialog: why not?!
1) 26) dialog: (furious, recoiling) . Get off me! Goddamn it, do you have any idea how much you fucking hurt me?
1) 28) dialog: Fuck you! You and your fucking macho bullshit! You throw everything we had down the toilet for some fucking promise to do a job you know is bullshit? Well the hell with you, Jesse Custer. You make such a big deal about how you never lie or go back on your word and oh, no, you never did- @ (vicious) Except to me. (CONTINUED )
3) 0) text: Flashback. A slightly YOUNGER JESSE, wearing black T-shir and jeans, strides confidently through a crowded bar with pretty, if skinny, dark-haired GIRL on his arm. The place jumping, dark and smoky, a rough crowd getting good and drunk. Light comes mostly from neon beer signs. As he passes us, a face in the background swims into focus: the YOUNGER TULIP, seeing him for the first time, liking what sees. Jesse leans back against the bar, sticks a cigarette in h mouth, surveys the bar with mild interest as his girlfrie searches her purse for a lighter. To Jesse's slight surprise, a woman's hand comes into view from his other s lighting his cigarette with a silver Zippo. By the time h girlfriend has come up with her own lighter, it's too lat The girl turns, startled to see Jesse staring into Tulip' eyes as she closes the Zippo, smiling knowingly back at h ging. Instant connection. 10 11 12
6) 0) text: The younger Jesse and Tulip. He's driving, grinning, enjoying her attention as she laughs in delight. A quick glimpse of the cruiser disappearing in the dust behind th as she leans over to him and they kiss, smiling all the while.
8) 0) text: Younger Jesse and Tulip making love on the hood of the Ferrari, lying in their own discarded clothes. Beautiful night in the desert, towers of rock rising in the backgro sky full of stars. As we move closer they finish, kissing each other deeply. Jesse looks down at her and they both grin, exhausted but happy. Jesse's p.9.v.: Tulip smiling up at him, happy, loving. T is his sweetest memory of her - bathed in starlight. A lo moment. INT. CHURCH - NIGHT il Another swig. Barely any whiskey left. He locks miserable for a moment, saddened.
26) 0) text: Tulip gloomily dumps an overnight bag and her purse into passenger seat of her pick-up truck. She takes a last loo around Annville, finds nothing inspiring, gets in.
27) 3) dialog: Jesse. She starts the pickup.
28) 0) text: Several people are stumbling into the street to stare at rising smoke. They scatter as Tulip's pick-up charges dow the street through them.
29) 0) text: Tulip guns it, scared but determined.
30) 0) text: The church is a wreck. The four walls are still intact, b not much else. Black smoke pours from within. Tulip's tru screeches to a halt. She jumps out and runs into the chur The leg-raping dog has been reduced to a blackened skelet
31) 0) text: Despite the smoke, the church isn't actually on fire. The walls are badly holed, the roof is gone, the place is a s stained wreck - but as Tulip discovers, picking her way carefully through the rubble, the smoke is coming from th remains of the congregation. Their scorched skeletons lie sprawled over the pews or flung back into seated position little fires burning inside the ribcages, flesh burnt cle off the bones. A hellish scene. Tulip advances, shocked, fearful of what's yet to come. S coughs a bit, wafts the smoke aside. She passes the skele of the nose-picking kid, sitting stupidly with a bony fin jammed in its nasal cavity. The she turns to us, catches sight of something, stifles a gasp. Jesse lies sprawled across the little platform at the front, burning pages fr
31) 3) dialog: Aw no-! She feels for a pulse, frantic, then smiles with infinite gratitude and relief. Jesse stirs a little, grunts. Tulip looks round at the ghastly remains of the congregation, t down at Jesse, She's thinking fast, very wary.
31) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ, Jesse. What are you into? She gets an arm under him, hauls him up.
32) 0) text: Tulip shoves the unconscious Jesse up and into the back o her pick-up, straining with all her might. She seems pret agitated, ready to be off. She opens the passenger side door, grabs a blanket from under the seat. As she closes door, she notices several townsfolk making their way towa the church.
32) 1) dialog: We really have to be going. She stretches Jesse out, hurrying, and spreads the blanke over him. Then she climbs into the truck, starts her up a speeds off. .
35) 0) text: Run-down place beside a desert road, no other buildings about. The night is still. Tulip's pick-up is parked at o of the pumps, and she's filling the tank. She finishes, leans over to look at Jesse, anxious. He doesn't look goo at all - sweating, fidgeting in his sleep, face twisting.
35) 1) dialog: What am I doing with you? (pause) T must need my fucking head examined. She pulls the blanket tighter around him, takes her purse from the driver's seat, heads off to pay. Out on the edge of the gas station, a scruffy-looking guy pads out of the desert night, stops to survey the station Tulip's pick-up catches his eye. It's Cassidy - tired, bu with a sneaky grin on his face.
36) 0) text: Tulip has piled a first aid kit and several bottles of wa in front ef the bored looking clerk.
36) 1) dialog: And these too, please. (CONTINUED)
36) 4) dialog: Fuck! She races out of the office and sprints after the truck a heads for the road, fumbling in her purse.
37) 0) text: Cassidy is driving, whistling happily to himself. Just as pulls out onto the road Tulip leaps onto the truck, grabb the driver side door and hauling herself up. With her fre hands she sticks the gun we saw earlier in Cassidy's face furious. He's startled.
37) 1) dialog: Pull over! Cassidy stares at her in amazement, keeps going.
37) 2) dialog: I said pull over, asshole! What the fuck do you think you're doing?
38) 0) text: The truck picks up speed, racing past us with Tulip hangi off the side. Up ahead there's a rise in the road with so low hiils beyond.
39) 0) text: Cassidy can't believe this, finds it hilarious. This make Tulip even angrier.
39) 1) dialog: You son of a bitch! Stop the truck and get out! Now! (CONTINUED)
39) 5) dialog: {cocking the gun} I fucking mean it. In the back of the truck, Jesse is being bounced around a over the place. He wakes slowly, still woozy.
39) 8) dialog: What I'm gonna do is blow your head clean out the fucking windshield if you don’t stop the truck in three seconds time. Three. Two. Cassidy faces front, freaks.
41) 0) text: Cassidy is damn near flung through the windshield by the emergency stop, and Tulip barely keeps a grip, dropping t gun on the truck seat. Her legs are flung out behind her.
44) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip stare out at the cops, stunned.
44) 1) dialog: Oh no...!
46) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip recoil in shock as the bullets punch through the hood barely a foot in front of them.
47) 0) text: Cassidy and Tulip get out of the truck, hands high. As th helicopter passes overhead, Jesse can be seen in the back the truck, still holding his head.
47) 13) dialog: Jesse, stop! They'll kill you! Hugo snarls again. Lots of clicks as his men cock their guns.
49) 0) text: The marksman's rifle lands on deputy Foster's head, dropp him instantly. Hugo is right beside him but can only blin confused. Jesse turns to the astonished Tulip and Cassidy quietly determined.
49) 3) dialog: Just a fucking second} This guy was gonna steal my truck! Jesse's eyes narrow as he turns to Cassidy, who grins disarmingly.
49) 5) dialog: Like hell. (CONTINUED)
49) 10) dialog: Have you gone out of your fucking mind? Jesse looks ready to speak, then freezes. His eyes narrow intense, bewildered concentration. We close up on his fac
51) 0) text: Jesse's face twists in confusion. Then he snaps out of it looks at Tulip.
53) 2) dialog: Will I what?
56) 3) dialog: Well?
68) 0) text: The bar is a wide, one-storey building out in the desert, with several cars and pick-ups - including Tulip's - in t parking lot. Across the road from it is a small all night supermarket/mini-mall, with more cars parked outside. See to be closing. The bar, however, is very much open: a lar neon sign over it reads THE RATTLER. People come and go. Music drifts out into the night.
69) 4) dialog: Keep it down, will you? We're meant to be blending in.
69) 6) dialog: I had to get him something to wear. I mean, he’s going to stand out a mile walking around covered in burnt vags, isn't he? And by the way, would you mind telling me what the fuck you think you're doing following us in here?
69) 8) dialog: {leaning forward) Look, he and I have got a lot to talk about. I-mean a fuck of a lot. So you know which good turn you can do for us, don‘t you?
69) 10) dialog: Fuck. Off. 78 79 42.
71) 0) text: Cassidy leans back, laughing to himself. Tulip glares, clearly irritated.
71) 2) dialog: Cold. I see. You try to steal my truck, and now you're sitting here talking about helping us - which I don't believe for a second, by the way.
71) 4) dialog: Really?
71) 6) dialog: I'll bet you can.
71) 11) dialog: And why would Jesse want to do all that for you, exactly?
71) 13) dialog: How?
71) 16) dialog: Yeah?
71) 32) text: (hissing) Tulip.
71) 34) dialog: {to Jesse) Before you arrived, Cassidy was trying to think of one good reason why he shouldn't just fuck off and die.
71) 49) dialog: Maybe so?
74) 0) text: Jesse, Tulip and Cassidy have left the Rattler. Tulip isn too happy. Jesse grimaces a little. Cassidy follows, enjoying their argument.
74) 1) dialog: "You got a nice little ass, honey. You go ahead an' keep Tulip's last five bucks."
74) 13) dialog: Jesus Christ...! (CONTINUED)
74) 16) dialog: Cassidy!
74) 20) dialog: J...0...Jesse? Jesse quits beating on the redneck, whose face is now pul Jesse holds him up with one hand and turns, then drops hi Jesse's jaw drops open in amazement as he stares.
74) 25) dialog: Say something! Cassidy quits drinking for a second, gasps with delight.
74) 34) dialog: For Christ's sake, he's doing it again! He is indeed, gulping away at the guy's neck.
74) 43) dialog: Jesse?
74) 45) dialog: But Jesse~
74) 47) dialog: Jesse, he's stealing my truck! Again! So he is. The truck pulls out of the parking lot.
74) 51) dialog: Bastard...! (CONTINUED)
74) 54) dialog: (grabbing it back) It's mine, is what it is!
74) 56) dialog: I'm defending myself. Behind them, several people are exiting the bar, drawn by noise. Jesse and Tulip notice them.
74) 57) dialog: @ Come on, let's get out of here. Once they get a look at your little massacre they're gonna have the cops here in no <ime.
74) 59) dialog: I'm sure there'll be plenty more people to beat up later. Come on, for Christ's sake... They melt into the night.
76) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip stand at the side of the road, watching t light of the cruisers and ambulances as they pull away fr the distant Rattler and disappear into the night. Jesse turns, notices Tulip is shivering a bit, hugging herself. She's not exactly dressed for the cool desert night. Jesse takes his coat off, wraps it round her. She' a little startled, looks up at him. They find themselves very close for a moment. Then they move apart, both rather awkward.
76) 1) dialog: You think it'd be safe to try that motel down the road? I'm about ready to drop.
77) 0) text: Tulip’s pick-up races past us. ‘INT, TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 86 cassidy is driving, going hell for leather, clearly not i very good mood,
79) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip enter. She has the key. t's a shitty room everything old and worn. A bed, a TV set, a phone, a door the bathroom. Jesse slips his collar back into place.
79) 4) dialog: Well, you remember - hey, wait a minute! (CONTINUED)
79) 8) dialog: It's none of your business what I've been doing. You wouldn't say jackshit about becoming a Preacher, or why you dumped me, or who it is that's so fucking important you promise you'll throw your life away for them...
79) 10) dialog: {interested) You were? He just looks at her. Of course he was.
79) 11) dialog: Okay. How about we both ‘fess up, then? You tell me your sorry tale, I'll tell you mine. Jesse is caught off guard. He watches her, curious. She just smiles back, interested, challenging him. Then he lowers his gaze, resigned.
79) 14) dialog: I ought to say right up front that you're not going to like this bit. Okay...after I realized you weren't coming back, I kind of got myself into some trouble. I was drinking quite a bit, except I was borrowing the money to do it, and, well, ha-ha, (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
79) 17) dialog: ) you can sometimes forget just how much you're putting away...
79) 19) dialog: Macavoy.
79) 21) dialog: (cutting him off) Yes, but I had no-one else to go to, did I? (calmer) So what with the drinking and then looking for you in the occasional moments of sobriety, I let the whole thing get out of control and Macavoy called a halt to the proceedings. @ Wanted his money back. {f couldn't pay. So he said I had to do something for him in exchange... Jesse is watching her very carefully now.
79) 22) dialog: Christ, I don't know. I didn’t have any choice. You swear there's things you would never do ~ you could never do - and all of a sudden circumstances change and you find yourself doing stuff, no matter how awful it is.
79) 24) dialog: (exploding) No I was not a fucking hooker! Jesus Christ, Custer! I can't believe you fucking said that! What the fuck do you think I am? @ But Jesse is too busy getting his heartrate back to nor answer, relieved beyond measure. (CONTINUED)
79) 26) dialog: (peeved) but I suppese in a way it was worse than that. It happened about a month ago. In Houston,
80) 0) text: Flashback to Tulip standing on a street corner in a shitt part of town, purse over her shoulder, nervous. She just can't relax. She turns towards us, notices something that sets her even more on edge. A black Mercedes is parked just outside a bar, which seem have just closed. Two scruffily-suited THUGS wait at the while a THIRD locks the door of the bar, pulls down the shutters. Also at the bar is a FAT GUY in a slightly bett suit, clearly their boss. Tulip watches, now downright scared.
80) 1) dialog: Oh my Ged. I can’t believe I’m gonna do this. She glances down at her purse. The third guy finishes locking up and gets in the back of car, with the fat guy between him and another thug. The l one gets in front to drive. Tulip, staring, terrified, takes a step forward. Then another. And another.
82) 0) text: Tulip advances like a nervous mouse, not really looking a the car.
84) 0) text: The thug in the rear seat - on the side facing Tulip - le out the window and grins at her. We can just see the thug the other side of the fat guy leaning round to watch.
84) 2) dialog: Wahh!! The thug makes a two-inch diameter circle with his thumb forefinger, smiles innocently.
85) 0) text: Jesse is staring wide-eyed at Tulip, mouth shut, but she doesn't notice. She seems really irritated.
85) 1) dialog: See, what had me so terrified was the thought of using a gun on someone. I mean my Dad was a cop, he taught me all about guns and defending myself and everything, and now here was this guy, this rival of Macavoy's I was supposed to blow away...I mean just (MORE) (CONTINUED)
85) 4) dialog: Kill him, put an end to him there in the street...f knew I couldn't do it, I froze. And then that asshole went and gave me whatever it is you need to pull a trigger. Or so I thought.
86) 0) text: We hold on the freeze frame for an instant, then Tulip completes the draw and fires.
87) 0) text: The second thug - not the one who spoke to Tulip, but the who leant over to see better, gets his jaw blown off. Blo flies. Panic in the back of the car.
88) 0) text: Tulip is frozen, smoking gun in hand, eyes bulging from h skull. She claps a hand to her mouth, looking for all the world as if she'd sworn in church.
88) 1) dialog: (squeaking) Oh! Her p.o.v.: all four of the guys in the car, staring out her, frozen to their seats, stunned. Tulip bolts and runs down the street.
89) 0) text: Tulip looks up, anxious to change the subject.
89) 1) dialog: So anyway, your turn. (CONTINUED)
89) 6) dialog: Okay, okay, I know. It was a horrible thing to do. JI know that. But just for that instant, after being so terrified, I was sure I could really do it, I think that's what scares me the most.
89) 9) dialog: Yours is gonna have to be a pretty wild fucking story to beat that. Jesse smiles sadly.
89) 18) dialog: Couldn't you have told me?
89) 20) dialog: You know...if you could've told me this last night, I think I would have @ understood. (CONTINUED)
89) 25) dialog: Jesse, why don't we just get the hell out of this madness, right now? Just run for it - you use that power you've got to order anyone who messes with us out of our way, and we keep going and don't stop ‘til we're far away from Texas.
89) 30) dialog: But he fucking killed the guy...
89) 32) dialog: Yeah, I know, but ~ Jesus, you saw what he did! He's a fucking monster, Jesse!
89) 34) dialog: T think you had an excuse!
89) 36) dialog: Oh, Jesse. You and your goddamn pride. eo (pause) And that's just it, isn't it? Maybe I'm the biggest idiot in the world,
89) 40) dialog: or maybe I'm just a sucker for punishment...but guys who back down when trouble comes along, who eat shit all the time and learn to like it = you can find them anytime you want. But a crazy, hard-headed John Wayne son of a bitch like you - you only come along once in a lifetime. That surprises hima little. She moves closer, smiles, obviously about to kiss him.
89) 41) dialog: You know what I think?
89) 43) dialog: I think we're stuck with each other, tough guy. They kiss for a long time, then break off to look at each other, both smiling. Then they kiss again and slowly desc towards the bed.
95) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip lie in bed, both apparently asleep. Their clothes lie all over the place. Just a sheet over them. Jesse opens his eyes, dozy for a second. Then he turns to Tulip, studies her for a long moment. He gets out of bed creeps to the bathroom.
97) 0) text: Tulip wakes up, dozy, then registers Jesse's not beside h She sits up, wary. (CONTINUED)
97) 3) dialog: Jesse?
100) 0) text: The door opens and Tulip comes in, puzzled, holding a she around her, Jesse continues to stare into the mirror, riveted.
100) 1) dialog: Jesse? She moves beside him, looks past him. All she sees are their reflections. She looks curiously at Jesse, who's still gaping into the mirror in disbelief, face twisted.
100) 2) dialog: Yeah...well...you certainly are hideous. I'm surprised your Mom didn't sell you to the circus, Jesse!
100) 4) dialog: Are you okay? What the hell are you staring in the mirror for? .
100) 6) dialog: (doubtful) I see...
100) 10) dialog: But what does that have to do with angels and demons?
100) 12) dialog: And they were really...doing it?
100) 14) dialog: Well, look...this thing that, I dunno, possessed you, for want of a better word - if it’s showing you them doing that, and you saw them when it hit you in church...well, what if the thing in your head is-
101) 0) text: Cassidy exits Tulip's truck and walks quickly towards the door of the Ten-Ten. He sniffs the air again. His face lights up and he heads on in. Dim light from within, but noise or sign of movement.
103) 0) text: Jesse and Tulip are halfway through getting dressed when phone rings. They look at it, then at each other, nonplussed. Jesse picks up the phone, wary.
105) 0) text: Neither Jesse nor Tulip can believe it.
106) 0) text: Jesse grimaces as a massive bang sounds on the line. He turns to look at Tulip, both of them pretty freaked out.
108) 0) text: Jesse exits, tucking his shirt in. Grim sense of resolve. Tulip hurries after him, wary.
108) 1) dialog: “Saint of Killers"? There's only one guy that can be...
108) 3) dialog: And you're still going to Annville?
108) 6) dialog: I’m coming with you.
108) 8) dialog: Hold on hell. I held on for three fucking years, wondering where you'd gone and why you didn't love me anymore. Now I know you never stopped I'm not gonna waste a single
108) 12) dialog: second I've got with you. I'm with you all the way, Custer. (pause) Until the end of the world.
114) 0) text: Tulip checks her pistol, then puts it back on her purse, turns to look warily at Jesse. He sits well back, eyes locked on the road. Whatever else he's feeling, he isn't scared.
124) 0) text: The battered pick-up pulls out and Jesse and Tulip exit, gaping at the burning town. Distant screams and gunshots be made out.
124) 1) dialog: You think it's him?
124) 9) dialog: (scared but determined) Fuck yout Hugo is about te move for her when Jesse raises his head, gritting his teeth, the cut on his temple bleeding nastil Hugo notices.
125) 0) text: Tulip reaches the outskirts of town, still a bit freaked trying to catch her breath after her mad dash to get away from Hugo. She turns the corner into the main street, to be greeted scene of blazing destruction. The buildings are on fire, street is littered with corpses. Her eyes narrow as she peers into the distance. Down at the other end of the street, we can just make out Saint finishing off the last of the cops. One guy falls t his knees. The Saint puts his pistol to the guy's head. Tulip's eyes widen. The gun roars and the guy falls back dead, all in silhoue Tulip dodges back round the corner, flattens herself agai the wall, freaked.
125) 1) dialog: Oh Christ.
127) 0) text: Tulip grimaces as more gunshots sound from offshot. She risks a peek round the corner again. No sign of the Saint. Just the fire and the scattered bodies. Her eyes narrow. Lots of guns on the street too, holstered or otherwise.
129) 0) text: Lit by the flickering flames, Tulip moves from body to bo collecting guns. She stuffs two automatics down the back her jeans, shoves a revolver into her jacket, another automatic in the front of her jeans. She's just picking up a gleaming silver 357 magnum when s stops, realizing the shooting and screaming have stopped. e All she can hear are the flames. She looks up. The Saint stands watching her, pistols holstered, emotionless. Maybe twenty feet away.
131) 0) text: Tulip stands facing the Saint. He hasn't moved yet. The last gun she picked up is not immediately visible. The Saint watches her, calm. Tulip's eyes are wide. She clamps her mouth shut, fights panic.
131) 2) dialog: What...what are you going to do-to him...?
133) 0) text: Tulip advances on the Saint, blasting away with revolver automatic, the 357 now discarded. He's bent over, stagger along the street, hands to his face. Blood pours out betw the fingers. Each bullet knocks him a step further, and Tulip is really pouring it on. A wild scene - lit by the fires, the diminutive girl shooting the hell out of the g gunfighter. The guns in her hands click as they run out. She drops th and smoothly pulls the two automatics from the back of he jeans, resumes firing. The Saint's hat flies off. Bullets smack into his head an shoulders. Tulip's face is set - scared, but refusing to panic. Tota determination. She keeps firing. The Saint goes down on one knee, struck repeatedly in the head. He holds one hand up as if to stop her. A bullet punches through it. One hand still over his eye he roars again. Tulip keeps firing, grits her teeth. The Saint is holding himself up with his ruined hand. Tulip keeps firing. There's a click as one of the guns lo dry. She drops it, takes careful aim with the other, fire The Saint starts to crumple. Tulip fires again. The Saint falls. The gun locks dry with a loud click. The Saint catches himself. Horrified, Tulip lowers the useless gun. The Saint takes a moment, breathes deep. Then he slowly cises from the half crouch she forced him into, turns to her. Tulip can only stare, petrified. (CONTINUED)
133) 7) dialog: Jesse, don't! Get out of here! Run! Jesse walks forward ‘til he's about ten feet from the Sai
133) 9) dialog: You can't just kill him! You said he could find the answers here! He's got a right to know what the hell it is that happened to him! (CONTINUED )
133) 14) dialog: (breaking down) It isn't fair! I love him, and you're just gonna shoot him in the street! You rotten son of a Ditch, you've got a fucking gun! The Saint's eyes narrow, mildly irritated.
133) 17) dialog: For Christ's sake! (CONTINUED)
135) 0) text: Tulip's pick-up comes roaring up behind the cruiser, weav to overtake. INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT isl Cassidy spits blood, snarls angrily as he drives. He drip blood everywhere. Very pale.
141) 0) text: Jesse crashes to the ground with sickening force. The Sai who just hit him, is standing a good twenty feet away. Tulip watches, horrified. Jesse gets to his feet as his opponent advances, just in to punch the Saint in the jaw. No effect. Another one. No effect. A fast combination: right, left, right, left, rig to the guts, left to the guts, haymaker across the face. effect. The Saint backhands him across the face, smashes against a burning police cruiser. Jesse staggers, spits blood, stays on his feet. They face each other for a moment, Jesse hateful and defi the Saint just grim. The Saint comes at him again. Jesse gets in a couple of (useless) punches, then dodges just in time and the Saint punches his fist through the cruiser'’s roof. Jesse karate chops him in the throat, rolls backwards acr the car's hood, kicking the Saint in the face as he goes. The Saint is actually staggered a bit. Jesse lands on is feet, weaves in again. : He runs right into the Saint's hand, which clamps down on hair, yanking his head back. The Saint then hauls him rig rough and sends him flying through a picket fence, shatte the boards. Jesse crawls in the wreckage of the fence, trying to get together. The Saint is coming up behind.
141) 1) dialog: Jesse! Just as the Saint bends down to seize hold of him, Jesse whips round and bashes the bastard across the face with a length of two-by-four from the fence. The Saint stands upright. Jesse squints up at him. (CONTINUED )
141) 5) dialog: Go for his eyes! Jesse ducks a huge haymaker, then stabs upwards with midd and index fingers, jams them right into the Saint's gory, ruined eye socket. The Saint roars in agony, thrashes wildly, but Jesse keeps the fingers in there and twists a grinds like mad, putting all the strength he's got into i The Saint, furious, grabs Jesse's arm and slowly pulls th fingers from his eye. Jesse strains like mad, but the Sai is too strong. Then the Saint decks him with a horribly hard right and J hits the ground unconscious.
143) 11) dialog: You're crazy. You're totally fucking crazy. He could have ripped you in half.
143) 13) dialog: (grinning) come here! They kiss again, against the blazing inferno that used to Annville. Cassidy is trying to get up, but is so weak he's only man to get as far as his hands and knees. He struggles, but seems beaten. Then he realizes that someone is holding a hand out to him.
143) 19) dialog: I still think you're a prick. They both turn to her.
143) 20) dialog: (smiling) But a nice prick. They both grin. All three turn to survey the destruction. Annville is on fire from one end to the other, and the street is littere with dead cops.
143) 23) dialog: At least you got that bastard, The Saint's body lies in the street.
143) 29) dialog: What are you talking about?
146) 0) text: The three of them walk towards the battered pick-up Jesse Tulip arrived in. Jesse and Cassidy move slowly, favourin their various wounds. No sign of Hugo Root.
146) 2) dialog: Can't take the sun, huh?
146) 4) dialog: Tulip.
147) 0) text: Jesse's at the wheel, Tulip’s in the middle. Jesse starts the engine.
149) 1) dialog: {smiling wearily) Generally, if he says he's gonna do something? He does it.
150) 0) text: The pick-up screeches to a halt, rocking back on its chas INT. STOLEN PICK-UP - NIGHT _ 417i Tulip and Cassidy are flung back in their seats. Then the turn to gape at Jesse.
150) 1) dialog: What the fuck was that?