13) 3) text: shows two youngish black men in the khaki uniforms of  custodians. Emptying the wastebasket is WEEMACK-MACKATEE  FUNTHES. He is instructing GAWAIN MACSAM.
13) 5) dialog: I ain't peelin' funky shit with my  human hands, man. That's a  prescription for disease and viruses  and shit, attackin' y'insides.
13) 10) dialog: Fuck that, man. I ain't pawin' through  used Tucks for a fi' dollar chip.
13) 12) dialog: Man, your guts gonna turn to soup'n  leak outcha fuckin' asshole.
26) 11) text: He turns and gestures at the vehicle. At his sign, Gawain, the custodian, emerges from the driv side. Clark Pancake emerges from the front passenger side. The General, wearing a different but equally pressed khak suit and ascot, and with a smoking cigarette in his lips, emerges from a back door. Gawain goes to the back of the hearse and opens its hatch let out Lump Hudson, the football player. Lump helps unload five large and oddly shaped instrument  cases, each man taking one except for Lump himself, who  carries two. As the parade of losers and misfits winds it way up the walk:
26) 13) text: Gawain nods as he passes by.
27) 0) text: The General stands stock still, his nose an inch away fro the earthen wall, studying it, squinting through the smok of the cigarette pinched between his lips. The rest of the men are opening their cases and taking ou the instruments. Gawain's case contains, however, not a  musical instrument but a boombox and several tapes. He lo one of the tapes into the machine.
27) 2) text: After a beat the General turns away from the wall to give Dorr a look into which one might read anything, or nothin Gawain hits play on the boombox and the cellar is filled  with the fussy strains of baroque chamber music. Dorr nods.
27) 14) dialog: Say wha?
27) 17) dialog: Oh. End of every shift pit boss brings  the cash down to the hold of the  ship in the locked cash box; once a  day all the cash boxes're moved to  the counting room.
27) 19) dialog: Well, uh... in that square there.  Where you pointing.
27) 21) text: Gawain hesitates, the question's obviousness suggesting t him some trick.
27) 22) dialog: ...Offices. Underground.
27) 39) dialog: Ya damn skippy.
28) 0) text: The men at work, tunneling. The cat sits on the cellar floor, head cocked, gazing at hole now opened in the wall. Lump, in a sleeveless undershirt, glistening with sweat,  wields a pickaxe at the forward point. At the mouth of the hole Clark Pancake shovels dirt into heavy plastic refuse bag held open by Gawain. G.H. Dorr sits on a camp chair, one hand idly waving time the music, reading an old and yellowed tome with half-gla perched midway down his nose. The General hops nimbly out of the tunnel and unzips and  steps out of his all-in-one to reveal, underneath, his ne pressed leisure suit and ascot.
32) 7) dialog: That man plays one bitch barrelful a  sackbutt. Ain't no one can blow the  tenor sackbutt like Lump, hoowee!  goes at that thing like it was a pu--  uh, like it was a woman! Goddamn! He--
32) 11) text: WHAP! She slaps Gawain again.
32) 24) text: Gawain calls up the stairs:
32) 25) dialog: Don't you be explainin' me, dawg!  You can't look into my mind, cape  man!
33) 2) dialog: Hey baby, don't be cruel. Jus' sneak  one little peek...
33) 4) dialog: ...Don't let this uniform fool ya--
33) 6) dialog: You don't need to be gamblin', honey,  you lookin' at a sure thing. They  call me Mr. 21, baby, 'cause that's  how I measure up. I am the original  black Jack, honey, accept no  substitutions. You can pull my lever  all day long, sweet mama, I ain't  never gonna come up lemons. That's  right, sugar, you can blow on my  dice any ol' time.
34) 1) dialog: But Mr. Gudge, she had an ass that  could pull a bus. This lady was fine,  fine, dandy, divine.
34) 3) dialog: Say what?
34) 5) dialog: But GudgeВ–-
34) 7) dialog: You can't fire me. I sue your ass!
34) 9) dialog: Sue you for fuckin' punitive damages,  man!
34) 11) dialog: Ya damn skippy. I know you firin' my  ass 'cause I'm black!
34) 13) dialog: Fuckin' judge is gonna be black,  motherfucker, that's who gonna be  black! You gonna stand tall before  the man!
36) 4) dialog: You still talkin' okay though.
36) 10) dialog: Shit, man, it ain't about apologizin'!  He fired me 'cause I'm black!
36) 12) dialog: Fuckin' A.
36) 14) dialog: Man's a fuckin' bigot.
36) 16) dialog: Walloon my ass, the man ain't gonna  roll over for a fuckin' candy bar!
36) 33) dialog: ...The fuck is this?
36) 36) dialog: ...You brought your bitch to the  waffle house?!
36) 42) dialog: ...You brought your bitch to the  waffle house?
36) 44) dialog: ...Man brings his bitch to the waffle  house!
36) 46) dialog: Everybody lookin' at me like I'm a  fuck-up, losin' that sorry-ass job,  and this motherfucker bring his bitch  to the waffle house!
36) 47) text: Pancake lunges across the table, sending dishes clatterin to the floor as he grabs Gawain by the shirt.
36) 49) text: He shakes him vigorously and rears back to take a swing a him. Gawain draws a gun.
36) 50) dialog: Come and get me motherfuck! Come on,  baby, let's get it on!
36) 53) text: The other men pry Pancake and Gawain apart.
36) 57) dialog: Fuck you, man.
36) 65) dialog: Damn right you won't.
43) 3) text: shows Gawain in Mr. Gudge's office as Gudge, behind the d looks at the gift-wrapped box.
43) 4) dialog: It's just my way of sayin', well,  goddamnit, I don't know what it's  like walkin' in your shoes, bein'  all tightass and all, and you don't  know what it's like to walk in my  shoes, but, well...
43) 6) dialog: ...You know, there's the custodian,  and then there's the man inside the  custodian, y'understand what I'm  sayin'...
43) 8) dialog: ...and that man has needs, dig, and  I guess those needs, Mr. Gudge, which  they usually involve women with big  asses, well those motherfuckin' needs  sometimes well up over the custodian  like the motherfuckin' Johnstown  Flood. But my point is it ain't gonna  happen again. Not if it's humanly  possible...
43) 11) dialog: But Jesus, if you'd seen the ass on  that girl, Mr. Gudge, you'd a wanted  her sitting on your face too.
43) 13) dialog: Ya damn skippy.
45) 2) dialog: Fuck you, man, I ain't your house  nigger. I'm the inside man!
45) 6) dialog: I don't wanna know shit from you.
45) 11) dialog: Huh?
45) 14) dialog: I don't give a shit who they were.  Just tell me when they gonna leave.
45) 16) text: All look at Pancake. Quiet, except for the delicate chamb music. Gawain's tone softens:
45) 17) dialog: ...You know what, man?
45) 19) dialog: I don't vote. So fuck you.
45) 22) dialog: And the bus you rode in on!
45) 38) dialog: He's the motherfuckin' piece of  igneous.
49) 2) text: He looks pointedly at Gawain.
51) 4) dialog: ...You gotta go find it, dipshit!
51) 7) text: Gawain has ascended just behind to hector him over his  shoulder:
51) 8) dialog: Perfectly all right? You just blew  your fucking finger off!
51) 10) dialog: Well get back down there and find  it, man! I ain't pickin' up your  goddamn finger!
51) 12) dialog: They can sew that shit back on, jack!  Like that guy his wife cut his dick  off! Just sewed that motherfucker  back on!
51) 14) dialog: Saw that motherfucker in a porno!  Thing still works!
54) 0) text: The two women looking. The front door of the house opens. Lump, the Professor, a Gawain emerge, escorting Pancake. Just before Gawain fini closing the door the cat slips out.
56) 17) dialog: You gonna sue yaself for blowin' off  your finger?
56) 23) dialog: We don't give a shit! Man can blow  his own dick off, don't make no  nevermind to us! We don't gotta pay  the man for goin' around blowin' off  body parts! Getcha head outcha ass,  man!
56) 29) dialog: You pull on your prick you get phantom  feeling. Greedy motherfuck.
57) 2) dialog: Me, dickwad.
57) 3) text: A low, chesty chuckle. The door swings open and Gawain en
58) 2) text: Gawain is wheeling it. He is approaching the tunnel to th corporate annex.
60) 0) text: Gawain leans back against the wall next to the vault door arms folded across his chest. Faintly, from inside the va we hear the whine of a power tool. Gawain leans over and  punches the button on boom box that hangs from the rollin garbage bin. The hallway pulses with "I Left My Wallet In Segundo."
63) 0) text: The General opens the door, still somehow immaculately  groomed. Gawain enters.
65) 0) text: Clark and Lump, covered in dirt and plaster dust, have st stuffing bundled bills and small sacks into large garbage bags. An irregular hole, about three feet across, gapes i the far wall. Gawain punches off the boombox, looking at all the money.
65) 1) dialog: Well ain't that somethin'.
65) 9) dialog: ...Say what?
65) 11) dialog: Oh man, you shouldn't be using the  men's room--
65) 13) dialog: You shoulda shit back in the house,  man! We don't want Elron finding you  in the goddamn crapper!
65) 16) dialog: You are disgusting, man. All right,  follow me.
66) 0) text: We are CLOSE ON Gawain peering anxiously to one side. He turns and peers the other way. We hear a toilet flush and, after a beat, Clark emerges f the men's room door next to which Gawain stands. His mann is now completely relaxed.
66) 4) dialog: Oh fuck, man, I don't wanna know  about it.
66) 6) dialog: Well maybe you should sign me up,  man, 'cause you startin' to irritate  my bowel.
68) 2) dialog: Man, I don't wanna hear a single one  a them stories.
68) 4) dialog: Not one fuckin' story! You one fucked- up motherfucker! You--
68) 5) text: They stop short, looking: The General and Lump are standing in the middle of the fl stock still, each clutching a bag of money, staring up at the same corner of the ceiling. Lump turns to Clark and Gawain.
68) 7) text: Gawain and Clark join them in the middle of the vault and look up at the corner of the ceiling. A small video camera, aimed squarely at the four men.
68) 18) text: Down below, Gawain looks at the wire snaking along the se of wall and ceiling. At the opposite corner it travels do the joint of the two walls. He traces its path down and then across one wall at chair rail height towards the door. The other men follow in an  anxious herd as he traces one finger along it. Just before reaching the vault door the wire goes through the wall in a hole finished off with a grommet. Gawain go out the vault door...
69) 0) text: ...and picks up the line where it emerges on the other si travels down to the joint of wall and floor, and then  continues along the floor. Gawain follows it and the othe men continue to follow him. He traces it anxiously down the hall in a hunched lope. T other men scuttle behind into...
70) 0) text: The wire winds around into the room, back up to chair-rai height, along one wall, behind some cabinetry which Gawai hurries past to find it again on the far side, and then d to a video recorder. It is not, however, hooked up to the video recorder: its  pronged end swings loose just by where it would be plugge in. Inside the video recorder is a casette, which Gawain ejec The men crowd to look over his shoulder as he examines it "Shevann's Schvanz". There is a pile of other videos by the monitor: "Charlayn and the Chocolate Factory," "Big Dick Blaque's Big Night  Out," "Lemme Tell Ya 'Bout Black Chicks," "Anus &amp; And Just next to the pile is an old bowl of Kocoa Krispies.
71) 0) text: The General climbs into the tunnel with a garbage bagful money, followed by Lump, likewise encumbered. Lump hands  back out a satchel to Gawain, who sets it on the vault fl by the hole. From the way he handles it, it is quite heav Pancake, also with a bag of money, is getting ready to cl in:
71) 2) dialog: Shut the fuck up!
71) 3) text: Lump hands Gawain a smaller, lighter satchel which he lik sets on the floor.
71) 5) dialog: Grab your bag and get in that fucking  hole!
74) 0) text: Gawain, left behind, is muttering to himself as he uses a trowel and other instruments from his satchel to patch up the hole at his end of the tunnel.
74) 1) dialog: Motherfucker can't stop talking,  can't stop shitting. Motherfucker  tell everyone about his motherfuckin'  asshole. No one gives a shit about  his asshole. Nobody interested in  another man's asshole. Or his bitch's.
78) 0) text: Having finished patching, Gawain starts painting. He turn on his boombox, and out comes the big bassy "I Left My Wa in El Segundo."
81) 0) text: The music loudly present at the cut. Gawain takes a handh blowdryer out of his satchel and flips it on, directing i at the fresh paint on the wall whose repairs are now  invisible.
85) 0) text: Gawain is wheeling his garbage cart out the door. The vau is completely empty but looks completely undisturbed. He closes the heavy vault door behind him, leaving quiet.
87) 0) text: Gawain is wheeling his garbage cart past Elron.
92) 0) text: Gawain and Elron are staring at each other, frozen, also  reacting to what just happened. Finally:
92) 1) dialog: ...You just fart?
98) 19) text: We hear the front door opening and Gawain enters, still  wearing his Lady Luck custodial uniform. He looks. His POV: church ladies with teacups and his comrades seat among them, also holding teacups and scones.
98) 20) dialog: Y'all been celebratin'?.
101) 1) dialog: Motherfuck!
101) 3) dialog: I know how to discomplicate it! Put  a cap in the old lady's head! Then  everything simple again!
101) 4) text: The group lapses into silence, considering. Even Gawain n a moment to digest the horror that he himself has propose The Professor is solemn:
101) 6) dialog: Well -- fuck, man! What we gonna do,  give the money back and go to church?!
101) 23) dialog: You one whiney motherfucker! I squeeze  your nutsack you keep that up!
101) 30) text: Two straws left. Gawain stares at them, licks his lips. He reaches for one straw, touches it, hesitates.
101) 31) dialog: ...Motherfucker...
101) 32) text: He touches the other straw, hesitates. He goes back to the first straw, closes his hand around i closes his eyes, and pulls. He lifts the straw into frame before his squeezed-shut ey raises his eyebrows, and slowly opens fluttering eyelids look: short straw. The Professor, smiling, opens his fist to confirm that he holds the last long one. Gawain moans.
103) 0) text: In the foreground Mrs. Munson sits knitting, humming an o temperance tune. In the background the cellar door swings open. Marva Munson doesn't notice; her knitting needles  continue their rhythmic clack. We PULL Gawain, gun at the ready, as he takes slow, cauti steps across the floor. We INTERCUT his POV of the back of the old lady's head, b over her knitting. As Gawain passes the sofa he picks up a cushion and burie in it his hand holding the gun. He looks back up at the old lady. But now, still cautious approaching, he cocks his head, his expression bemused.
103) 4) dialog: Why -- nothin', mama.
103) 6) dialog: No, Mama!
103) 8) dialog: He won't shit in the house, Mama,  I'm gonna train him, I promise, gonna  train him real good--
103) 14) dialog: Please don't hurt me no more! I love  you, Mama!
103) 18) text: WHAP! Gawain's little brothers and sisters, drawn by the  commotion, have gathered excitedly to watch.
103) 21) text: WHAP! WHAP! Gawain is sobbing:
103) 22) dialog: Please don't hurt me, Mama!
103) 23) text: Now it is the adult Gawain blubbering. The clack of knitting needles stops and Mrs. Munson turns look.
103) 26) dialog: I'm sorry, ma'am, I--
104) 0) text: Gawain is tramping down the stairs.
104) 1) dialog: I can't do it!
104) 4) dialog: She reminds me of my mama. I can't  shoot my mama! You motherfuckers  just draw straws again.
104) 6) dialog: Fuck you. And your irritated bowel.  I can't shoot that old lady.
104) 9) dialog: What the fuck you talkin' about,  man? You think this a melon-baller,  you do it, man!
104) 14) text: Gawain shoves the gun toward Pancake.
104) 15) dialog: She just an old colored lady to you --  you do it, man!
104) 17) dialog: What you say, you whiney motherfucker?  I come up your irritated ass with  this -- motherfuckin' gun--
104) 20) text: He shoves Gawain.
104) 22) dialog: You fuck!
104) 25) dialog: You ain't no fuckin' man, fuckin' a  sixty-year-old lady in pigtails!
104) 31) dialog: I seen Virginia hams I'd rather stick  my dick in than your old--
104) 36) text: The men gather round and look down. Gawain still stares up at the ceiling. Pancake stoops, waves his hand in front of his eyes. No  reaction.
107) 0) text: We are at the middle of the bridge, the tower gargoyle lo blankly down at the doings below. In the misty night Lump and the General are braced over t railing, looking down, each holding one of the feet that  protrude from the Hefty bag cinched around Gawain's ankle A cigarette burns on the General's lower lip. Behind the men we can see the idling hearse. There is the toot of the garbage scow. Lump and the Gener release Gawain's feet. Their POV shows the sack receding and flumping into the  garbage piled onto the scow that slips by below. A flock of scavenger birds, disturbed by the impact, lift off the scow with angry caws.
125) 9) text: The Professor turns to Lump and tries to hand him Gawain' gun, but Lump, uncomfortable, declines to take it.