26) 11) text: He turns and gestures at the vehicle. At his sign, Gawain, the custodian, emerges from the driv side. Clark Pancake emerges from the front passenger side. The General, wearing a different but equally pressed khak suit and ascot, and with a smoking cigarette in his lips, emerges from a back door. Gawain goes to the back of the hearse and opens its hatch let out Lump Hudson, the football player. Lump helps unload five large and oddly shaped instrument  cases, each man taking one except for Lump himself, who  carries two. As the parade of losers and misfits winds it way up the walk:
26) 22) dialog: Here's your fiddle, Doctor.
27) 29) text: Lump looks around, then hesitantly raises his hand.
27) 31) dialog: What, uh... what does "cosseted"  mean?
27) 41) dialog: Thanks, Professor.
27) 43) dialog: There's no "I" in "team".
28) 0) text: The men at work, tunneling. The cat sits on the cellar floor, head cocked, gazing at hole now opened in the wall. Lump, in a sleeveless undershirt, glistening with sweat,  wields a pickaxe at the forward point. At the mouth of the hole Clark Pancake shovels dirt into heavy plastic refuse bag held open by Gawain. G.H. Dorr sits on a camp chair, one hand idly waving time the music, reading an old and yellowed tome with half-gla perched midway down his nose. The General hops nimbly out of the tunnel and unzips and  steps out of his all-in-one to reveal, underneath, his ne pressed leisure suit and ascot.
31) 0) text: We are at the Mississippi bridge that we saw in the prolo to the movie, but now, in dead of night, deserted. The hearse is pulling up at the middle of the bridge and  dimming its lights. The men emerge; when they open the ba of the hearse to pull out the sacks, the cat bounds out t watch from a distance. We watch the men from HIGH, ANGLED DOWN along the masonry a tower that stands in the middle of the suspension bridg An ornamental gargoyle leers in the foreground. The garbage scow is approaching. We hear the low toot of horn as it nears the bridge. Lump is poised with the first sack hugged to his chest,  leaning over the railing. The nose of the barge enters below us. Lump releases the sack. We watch it drop dead away like a bomb from an airplane. It thuds distantly onto the barge. The next sack has been passed up to Lump and is released. The cat watches. Its orange eyes blink. Its pupils adjust
32) 0) text: A PULL BACK shows that the cat is in fact back in the  basement. Its POV: continued tunneling. Back to the cat, watching, then turning its head at a noi At the head of the stairs, the cellar door is opening. A whistle from the General and Lump and Clark Pancake scr from the tunnel. They whip a curtain over its opening and all men grab up their instruments as Dorr, covering with cough, turns off the CD player. The General, his ever-present cigarette smoldering betwee his lips, tongue-and-lips it up and backwards so that it inside his mouth, which he now closes. Marva Munson is heavily and carefully descending the stai As the men come into view they are looking up at her, Lum holding his sackbutt but still glistening with sweat and  smeared with dirt.
32) 2) text: Lump looks around, saucer-eyed, then blows gamely into hi sackbutt. It sounds like goose farts until Dorr waves him down.
32) 5) text: It is directed at Lump, who looks down at his own sweat- stained undershirt.
32) 6) dialog: I, uh...
36) 2) dialog: Yeah, it fucks things up.
36) 23) dialog: Is he gonna want a piece of the  action?
36) 24) text: All turn to look at Lump.
36) 26) text: Lump hesitates, looking at the inquiring faces that surro him.
36) 27) dialog: ...Igneous?
36) 68) dialog: Couldn't you just bribe the guy?
36) 69) text: All turn to look at Lump.
45) 4) dialog: I'll get the sprayer.
47) 4) text: Lump stops putting in his earplugs.
51) 0) text: The room is filled with smoke. Othar, slightly askew over the mantel, looks a little huf We hear clomping and screaming on the cellar stairs. Lump bursts out, shrieking:
51) 1) dialog: Blood, Professor! Oh my God! Blood!
51) 2) text: The General comes bounding up the stairs like a panther, cigarette burning in his lips. He lands catlike in the li room, glides to the blubbering Lump, grabs one shoulder f with one hand, and with the other slaps him sharply, once forehand, once backhand. Lump stares at him, shocked, his blubbering cut short. More noise is coming from the stairs:
54) 0) text: The two women looking. The front door of the house opens. Lump, the Professor, a Gawain emerge, escorting Pancake. Just before Gawain fini closing the door the cat slips out.
56) 22) dialog: Yeah, but he lost his finger.
56) 33) dialog: Professor?
56) 35) dialog: I don't have a watch.
65) 0) text: Clark and Lump, covered in dirt and plaster dust, have st stuffing bundled bills and small sacks into large garbage bags. An irregular hole, about three feet across, gapes i the far wall. Gawain punches off the boombox, looking at all the money.
68) 5) text: They stop short, looking: The General and Lump are standing in the middle of the fl stock still, each clutching a bag of money, staring up at the same corner of the ceiling. Lump turns to Clark and Gawain.
68) 6) dialog: Hey, lookit that.
71) 0) text: The General climbs into the tunnel with a garbage bagful money, followed by Lump, likewise encumbered. Lump hands  back out a satchel to Gawain, who sets it on the vault fl by the hole. From the way he handles it, it is quite heav Pancake, also with a bag of money, is getting ready to cl in:
71) 3) text: Lump hands Gawain a smaller, lighter satchel which he lik sets on the floor.
73) 4) dialog: Maybe we could have something to  drink, too.
93) 2) dialog: Well there sure as shit ain't no  tunnel left.
95) 1) dialog: She saw everything. She saw our  hole...
95) 3) dialog: ...She saw our hole, Professor!
95) 6) dialog: What do we do?
97) 8) text: She turns again and clomps back up the stairs. The General opens his mouth and, again without using his  hands, restores his cigarette to its usual place on his l lip. Lump is fretful:
97) 9) dialog: Professor?
97) 11) dialog: I can't really play the buttsack.
98) 5) text: Lump, Pancake, and the General sit and awkwardly accept d teacups. The Professor rises, spreads his hand, and pronounces:
101) 28) text: With a flap of his cape the professor jumbles the straws encloses them in one hand. Sweaty CLOSE-UPS. Each man stares at the straws. Some  hesitant, some resolute, they draw: First, the General: long straw. His reaction: impassive. Next, Lump: long straw. His reaction: relieved. Next, Pancake. Long straw.
104) 40) dialog: Oh, fuck.
104) 42) dialog: Is he dead, Professor?
106) 7) text: The General signals to Lump who now crosses the living ro with a big garbage bag slung over one shoulder in a firem carry.
106) 11) text: The Professor, seeing that the General and Lump have made out the door, is anxious to wind things up:
107) 0) text: We are at the middle of the bridge, the tower gargoyle lo blankly down at the doings below. In the misty night Lump and the General are braced over t railing, looking down, each holding one of the feet that  protrude from the Hefty bag cinched around Gawain's ankle A cigarette burns on the General's lower lip. Behind the men we can see the idling hearse. There is the toot of the garbage scow. Lump and the Gener release Gawain's feet. Their POV shows the sack receding and flumping into the  garbage piled onto the scow that slips by below. A flock of scavenger birds, disturbed by the impact, lift off the scow with angry caws.
112) 8) text: He riffles a pile, confirming that it is in fact all maga no money. Lump and the General are clomping down the stairs.
114) 0) text: The tower gargoyle stares sightlessly down. Lump and the General are at their accustomed place, each  holding a foot shod in a large hiking boot. Behind them we see the hearse idling. Near them on the bridge, both hands grasping the railing he gazes dreamily out into the night, is the Professor.
114) 3) dialog: Quick! Grab Clark!
114) 8) text: We hear the distant flump and the cawing of scavenger bir
115) 2) text: Lump picks a long straw: relief. The General picks a short straw. A short grunt.
124) 0) text: The Professor and Lump, responding to the noise, look slo up toward the ceiling.
125) 0) text: The body is laid out in a garbage bag by the rail. The Professor stands looking at it, contemplatively. Lump stands looking at it, contemplatively. The cat sits nearby on its haunches looking at it,  impassively. The professor muses:
125) 2) dialog: What, Professor?
125) 5) text: He rouses himself, goes over to the bagged corpse. Lump  follows him and the two men hoist the body over the rail.
125) 9) text: The Professor turns to Lump and tries to hand him Gawain' gun, but Lump, uncomfortable, declines to take it.
125) 10) dialog: ...Professor, I been doing some  thinking.
125) 12) dialog: Maybe she's right! Maybe we should  be going to church!
125) 14) dialog: Yeah, I know, but--
125) 16) text: Lump reluctantly takes the gun that the Professor thrusts upon him.
125) 17) dialog: I can't do it, Professor! A nice old  lady like that!
125) 19) dialog: But--
125) 21) dialog: You mean -- you mean -- you're gonna  kill her?!
125) 23) dialog: I can't let you do that, Professor!  A nice old lady like that!
125) 26) dialog: Oh yeah?
125) 28) dialog: ...Well who looks stupid now?
125) 30) dialog: ...Huh?
125) 32) dialog: ...No bullets?
125) 37) text: He goes to the railing to look down. Lump, face-up on a pile of garbage, glides away. Disturbe birds flap upward. The professor muses:
125) 47) text: This is punctuated by the crunching impact of masonry sco a direct hit on his head. He falls over the rail. His cape snags on the railing and he hangs limp and lifel Directly below his dangling body the stern of Lump's barg is slipping away to leave black waters and the clanking o chains. The fabric of the Professor's cape begins to tear. His bo drops in fits and starts as the fabric gives way. Finally the body rips free. It falls away from us. As it  does so the clanking chains are pulling into view the sec banger -- a garbage barge being chain-towed by the recedi scow. Dorr's body lands neatly on the barge. A gust of wind. The cape flaps free of the railing and is wind-tossed awa amidst the cawing birds. The cat, watching, blinks.