0) 0) text: Malorie leads Boy and Girl. She reaches the back door. Boards cover the door’s glass inset. Boy and Girl hold hands. Girl’s knuckles go white. Boy squeezes back. On the floor by the door: A bird cage. Inside: A little, fat budgie. Malorie bends down, cups her hands... And transfers the bird to a shoebox. It coos at her as she covers the box and hefts it. Malorie then picks up her blindfold. Before donning it, she looks around. Inside, all is quiet and still. A land-line phone sits on the coffee table. Nothing else around it. As if it were a holy relic. Malorie secures her blindfold. Reaches out and grips the door handle. Takes a breath.
1) 0) text: TIGHT on Malorie’s face. Advancing into the back yard. Whispering under her breath. TIGHT on Boy and Girl. They form a train behind her. Girl crooks her head left and right. In the distance, a generator thrums. Glimpses of: yellowed grass. Overcast sky. It’s cold. Malorie steps carefully.
1) 3) dialog: (whispered) Okay. The three march on.
1) 9) dialog: Getting closer-- Her fingers stretch-- And touch the end of a ROWBOAT. Malorie puts a foot in the boat and lifts Girl inside. Then Boy. And follows them in. The three push off, into the river’s flow. As Malorie begins to row. A branch CRACKS nearby. The oar dips into the water.
16) 5) dialog: (sotto) What is it like?
16) 11) dialog: Statue. Bridge. Car. Stone.
16) 14) dialog: I hear something. Girl straightens up. Her ear perks along her scalp. Malorie reaches out to the shoebox. Inside: The flutter of tiny wings. But otherwise silent.
16) 16) dialog: I don’t know.
16) 19) dialog: It's getting closer. Malorie dips the oar back into the water-- 26. It yanks in her hand, nearly slipping. The current is fast. And now we see what’s making the noise. A sunken BOAT, its deck still partly surfaced. Part of a human skeleton dangles from a cabin door. This vessel is big to navigate these shallow waters, and now it’s debris Malorie’s boat is on a collision course. And none of them sees it coming. Their blindness makes them eerily unguarded as-- The rowboat SMASHES into the shipwreck-- Lurching everyone and everything inside-- Malorie ballasts herself with the oar but-- A backpack tips overboard and then-- BOY falls off the back--
16) 20) dialog: Malorie! She felt it coming and snake-swift GRABS his leg through maternal instinct-- But hanging onto him starts to tip the boat over--
16) 22) dialog: Malorie Malorie Malorie-- 27.
16) 24) dialog: I’m cold.
16) 29) dialog: What do I do? Boy tugs at his blindfold. Peers up at Malorie with one teary eye.
16) 31) dialog: B-blankets?
18) 0) text: Boy is trembling so much, it agitates the budgie in the shoebox. Its wings flutter under the lid. 30.
18) 2) dialog: Please. Talk to me.
18) 4) dialog: Tell me something she would say.
18) 6) dialog: What if she doesn’t come back?
18) 8) dialog: (quietly) What if she doesn’t?
20) 0) text: Boy’s sounds of agony are getting louder. Girl rocks back and forth, hugging herself. From the woods: Branches break. Boy instantly goes quiet. Girl grabs the oar. Both sit up like rabbits, listening for a predator. More branches crack. The sound bounces around the forest. No way to tell if it’s near or far.
20) 1) dialog: (sotto) Is it her? It isn’t. From the shoebox: two nervous CHIRPS. The bird cannot see out the holes cut in the box, but it’ clear the budgie senses something.
26) 0) text: Boy and Girl huddle together, shivering. Malorie emerges from the trees-- Girl grabs the oar again, threatening:
26) 4) dialog: Will we ever make it?
52) 3) dialog: My hands and feet feel like, like needles. Poking. All the time.
52) 5) dialog: Malorie... 64.
52) 7) dialog: Why did God give us eyes?
52) 9) dialog: But, we can’t really look. You taught us to wake up with them closed. Why give us eyes at all? Beat.
60) 0) text: Five years later. Just Malorie and the children. Girl and Boy perch at either end of the boat. Malorie rows. All of them are still blindfolded.
60) 4) dialog: Shh. Malorie frowns. Cranes her neck.
60) 5) dialog: (whispered) You hear that? Now they all strain to hear. And there it is: an outboard motor. Getting closer. Malorie rows back for the bank.
60) 33) dialog: I didn’t look.
74) 0) text: Malorie descends, still cradling both babies. She wears a stretch of towel as a blindfold. The boy and girl are covered as well. And she’s snipped and clamped her umbilical cord. From the ground floor, the phone continues to ring. 101. Carefully, cautiously, she crosses the hall. Her foot steps on a body. In a pool of blood. Malorie trembles. And steps over the body.
78) 0) text: A year later. The two crib-forts sit in the room. Covered by a blanket. Malorie arrives. Trembling. Holding a hypodermic needle in her hand. Outside, something bumps against the house. A tree, maybe. The wind. Malorie approaches the cribs. Draws back the blanket. Inside: Boy and Girl. Each maybe a year old. Asleep. Fitful sleep. Malorie cries silently. Reaches in with the needle. 103. The pointy tip is charred black from heat. Pointed straight down. Shaking in her grip. It hovers over Boy’s left eyelid. An inch. Less. Malorie’s fingers reach and open Boy’s eye. A breath from receiving the needle. Something creaks nearby. Something stirs. Malorie looks up and recoils in surprise. Girl sits up in her crib. Looking at Malorie. Head tilted. Just watching. Innocent. Confused. Malorie puts a hand to her mouth. Drops the needle. Slumps against the wall. A mess. For a long time, she sits there.
80) 0) text: Two years later. Boy and Girl are both nearly the age of the opener. Playing with simple toys. Sounds of HAMMERING nearby. Malorie reinforces a wood plank over a window. Muscular arms. Still short hair. When she’s done, she steps back. 104.
83) 0) text: The phone rings loudly in here. Boy and Girl stand arguing about it. A door slams and Malorie runs in--
84) 5) dialog: I thought we weren’t supposed to look. Ever. Malorie takes a breath.
84) 9) dialog: Statue. Bridge. Car. Stone. A hundred migrating birds above them. All making noise now.
84) 13) dialog: They're falling out of the sky! A blackbird crashes into the boat with them. Wings convulsing. Neck broken. Then: Their boat suddenly stops with a jolt.
84) 14) dialog: What happened?
84) 17) text: Malorie splashes in, toppled off the boat. BOY and GIRL drop in nearby, but travel faster underwater the current, their limbs wheeling for purchase-- Overhead, on the surface, the boat upends. Malorie reaches out for Boy as he passes by-- Her blindfold still around her face-- And then the water cavitates at Malorie’s leg and somethi SPLASHES in and grabs hold of her ankle-- But the foaming water and chaos is too much to get any so of distinct look at it-- is it a hand? A claw? It’s pale- Boy and Girl drift past, still carried by the water-- Malorie kicks hard-- gets free, goes up for air--
85) 0) text: Boy and Girl cling to the embankment. Boy climbs to shore and helps Girl up.
85) 1) dialog: Malorie! No response. FARTHER BACK, Malorie emerges from the water, gasping for air. Her blindfold has been torn away in the current. She coughs, keeps her eyes closed. Splashes behind her. Something advances.
85) 2) dialog: Where are you? Malorie launches in the direction of his voice.
85) 4) dialog: Here, it’s here! ON MALORIE, trying to zero in on Boy's voice. She changes course and moves for them--
85) 6) dialog: We're at the statue! Behind Malorie-- sound of something reaching shore. And farther back-- MORE splashes. Five. Ten. A dozen. All zeroing in on them. Boy and Girl stand at the statue, full of fear. Remarkably, Boy still has the shoebox with budgie inside. It CHIRPS in alarm, telling them what they already know:
85) 14) dialog: Start counting. He pulls Girl by the hand. STAYING WITH BOY AND GIRL as they run, Boy clutching the Girl counts to herself, her mouth moving-- Their feet slapping along a gravel path until-- Baseboards. Wood. A guard rail. A babbling brook. They're on a bridge. Still running. Girl’s arm cracks against the railing. Boy course-corrects. After the bridge the path intersects a road-- And ahead: a stalled CAR in the ditch.
85) 16) dialog: Car!
85) 18) dialog: Wait. They breathe hard. FINDING MALORIE running blindly but full-tilt through tal grass, small branches of trees whipping her. STAYING WITH MALORIE like we did with Boy and Girl-- 112. She keeps her arms outstretched-- Moving fast-- MALORIE’S POV Black. Her breath is hard and heavy. Her heartbeat is strong, palpable. The sounds of her feet crunching in tall grass. In one forward speaker, distantly: Boy’s voice.
85) 19) dialog: Malorie! Malorie pauses. The monsters stampede behind her: A mountain of sound, crashing foliage, snapping branches. Getting closer. The sound of Malorie’s feet thump again until suddenly-- A GLIMPSE OF THE WORLD as Malorie trips into the brook ju few feet from the bridge, eyes flitting open on the way d
85) 31) dialog: Malorie! TIGHTER ON MALORIE’S FACE Among the rasping of the creatures surrounding her. Through it, the distant voice of Boy. One of those THINGS turns her over on her back. Shadows fall over her face.
85) 35) dialog: Malorie! Get inside! Boy’s voice registers in Malorie’s ears. She raises her head.
86) 6) dialog: Boy.
86) 9) dialog: Tom? My name is Tom? Tom!
86) 11) dialog: Go on, now. He picks it up in cupped hands, and lets it free. The little bird takes to the air, now in the safety of th outdoor aviary. 117. Rick puts a gentle hand on Malorie’s shoulder.