14) 11) dialog: Like aliens? Lucy chimes in aggressively. She’s the type of woman you' guess has five older brothers.
14) 18) dialog: What things? More VOICES overlap again, everyone arguing different poi until Tom raises both hands up high and CLAPS.
14) 39) dialog: Can you send your housekeeper up to close them all up?
14) 41) dialog: That girl Lucy, isn’t she--?
14) 43) dialog: Oh. Well. I live two doors down, and we have heavy foliage blocking our house. For privacy?
14) 45) dialog: My husband and my son will be back from Lansing pretty soon. So if you want to relocate, I’m just saying. Outside, among the chaos: a distant sound. Inhuman. Otherworldly. No creature in wildlife sounds like it. The noise reverberates through the house.
29) 4) dialog: And if I hadn’t been out to check the mail, who knows where I'd be. What were you doing around here? Lucy tries not to take it as a racist question.
29) 6) dialog: Oh? Maybe you know Felix, I hear he’s a recent grad.
29) 8) dialog: What are you studying?
29) 10) dialog: This is temporary. When we get out of this, I’m going to have you help Bobby with his candy addiction. (at Donald) (MORE )
29) 12) dialog: Have they said anything about Lansing? Donald holds up a finger at Cheryl: hold on. He sits near stereo system tuned to a talk radio station. Felix returns from the kitchen and joins him.
29) 24) dialog: The radio said to stay inside.
29) 26) dialog: Somebody must deliver out here. (off everyone’s looks) I mean, right? ...What? Felix is first to crack a laugh. It gets everyone gigglin
30) 6) dialog: So it’s just random?
30) 8) dialog: (muttering) I’m never good at these games. Tom holds out the bag for Cheryl to draw first.
31) 1) dialog: You're gonna drive there?
34) 0) text: The rear bumper advances at us, reverse lights aglow. INT. GREG’S HOUSE - DAY Cheryl begins searching in drawers by the entertainment center, tidying up as she goes.
34) 2) dialog: We didn’t know each other before last week.
34) 5) dialog: This. She holds up a PHONE BOOK. Stonebridge is small enough it combo white pages/yellow pages.
34) 7) dialog: You all laughed at me about delivery, but I bet I can find someone who will, mm-hmn.
35) 0) text: The bed in this room tells a tale. One half is turned down sloppily. The other half is a shr Pillows under the covers suggest a body. Atop the bedspre Lydia’s nightgown has been draped. And on a pillow at the head rests a framed PHOTO of Lydia. Greg stands at a small TV on a dresser. Holding a remote. Donald, Cheryl, and Olympia are gathered at the door.
35) 8) dialog: Or maybe we let the army do that. 49.
48) 0) text: Cheryl dusts with a dry cloth in the living room, listeni to Sinatra on the radio. Olympia watches her. Donald appl duct tape to the curtains in the living room. They’re all full of nervous energy.
48) 2) dialog: Maybe they don’t get close enough to the house for the security cameras. You know? Thump. Thump thump. They all stop and look up at the ceil
49) 0) text: The THUMPING is shockingly loud now. Accompanied by crash and breaking, as framed photos in the room topple off wal 61. Donald reaches the door and puts his hand on the knob, re to rush inside, but he stops. Steps back. Greg has stopped HOWLING by the time Cheryl and Olympia c up. Olympia doesn’t reach the top steps, reluctant to get close. Cheryl starts to panic:
49) 1) dialog: What are you waiting for?
51) 3) text: Something happened to Greg. Tom frowns and leaves. Lucy and Cheryl follow. A can of yellow corn rolls to Malorie’s foot. She picks i and stares at it.
56) 0) text: Everyone’s awake now, sitting around the room: Malorie an Olympia, Lucy, Tom, Don, Cheryl, and Gary. Gary holds cou
60) 39) dialog: I wish we could call him.
60) 41) dialog: How come the landline works? 78.
60) 52) dialog: Oh my god.
60) 61) dialog: And I've been trying to keep the place tidy all week-- 80.
60) 71) dialog: I’1l go. Said right at Donald with a glare. Donald gives her a look back: Good for you.
61) 0) text: Cheryl steps out of the hall bathroom, still full of drea Lucy catches up to her at that moment. Nearly passes her
61) 2) dialog: Oh, yes. (then) I don’t know how you do this. You're so... brave. And clever. Cheryl’s whole concept of who Lucy was has been demolishe It’s enough in this moment for Lucy to revise her views, She reaches out and puts a comforting hand on Cheryl.
61) 4) dialog: Yeah. Okay. INT. GREG’S HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM - DAY Malorie washes her face with water she pours from a jug. She hears voices nearby. Leaning out the door, she spies- DONALD AND TOM facing off in the dimly-lit dining room, n a china cabinet of plateware no one will ever use.