55) 8) dialog: Is it? Shit, it’s been hours... Malorie looks upstairs for help. No one else is awake. Sh hesitates. Then remembers the budgies. They slumber in their cage, a few paces away. Unfazed. Malorie double-checks by picking up the box and holding i close to the door. She whispers to them:
55) 10) dialog: Please. It’s cold. Can I come in?
55) 12) dialog: I fell and I’m bleeding. I can’t see how bad it is? I don’t want to bleed to death, please... Malorie sets the box of budgies down and debates with herself. They didn’t consider someone with an injury when they made the rules. She closes her eyes, then opens the door. GARY (late 30s) steps in. Tall, wearing a flannel jacket. Could be a truck driver. Also blindfolded. GARY (CONT’D) I’m in. He helps her shut the door. Then he takes off his blindfo His arm is badly cut, matting his flannel jacket. He noti it and sets down his backpack, to ease out of his coat. 68. GARY (CONT’D) Okay, so yeah, I’m gonna take this off. And then maybe you have some gauze or a towel or something? Malorie hurries to the powder room and returns with a thi hand-towel.
55) 14) dialog: Pleasure. Thanks. (notices) Wow, you’re about ready to pop.
55) 16) dialog: Over on Lincoln? Like maybe quarter mile that way? No, this way.
55) 18) dialog: No. What about you? Are you alone? He looks back at her. The question is unsettling.
56) 0) text: Everyone’s awake now, sitting around the room: Malorie an Olympia, Lucy, Tom, Don, Cheryl, and Gary. Gary holds cou
56) 1) dialog: My brother has always been that guy. You know the one? With the disaster “go bag” and the ammo reloader for his AR-15? He was always sort of an asshole, but I knew I’d be safer with him than anywhere else. By the time I got there he had six other guys all staying with him, hunting buddies. Eddie-- my brother-- he had blankets on the windows, but they were ready to arm up, go out and bag them a monster. 69.
56) 3) dialog: Two of them went out, never came back. But we let this guy in? He looked lost, said his wife and kids just... he was alone. That... changed things.
56) 5) dialog: Just some guy. Carl? That was his name, I think. Kept to himself, didn’t talk much, wouldn’t join the group for meals. I think he was scared of my brother’s friends. Gary takes a breath, knowing where his story is going. GARY (CONT’D) The one time he did join us, he said something. He believes this whole thing is a hoax. There are no creatures, or whatever, out there. And we're all being tricked. Of course that didn’t go over well with anyone else, and he shut up after that.
57) 0) text: Gary and six rough-and-tumble MEN sit around a dining roo table, passing a bottle around. It’s a frat party for mid aged men. Gary tries to keep up.
57) 1) dialog: The guys raided a liquor store and we all celebrated that night. INT. EDDIE’S UPSTAIRS HALL - FLASHBACK — MORNING Gary approaches the stairs down to the first floor. His clothes are disheveled.
57) 2) dialog: But I can’t drink like they do. I passed out upstairs at some point. (MORE )
57) 4) dialog: And when I went back down to beg my brother for some aspirin...
58) 1) dialog: Carl had pulled down all the blankets and left the doors open. Olympia gasps.
58) 3) dialog: My brother and his friends are all dead, in that house. But Carl... He left. And he left the door open behind him.
60) 51) dialog: What? It’s fine. And then, muffled-- A GUNSHOT. 79. Everyone jumps as if electrocuted by the sound. Malorie slams the phone down in anger. This is what she w desperately trying to stop, futile as it was from here.
62) 12) dialog: I was thinking? You guys have been doing this for a while, and really I’m the new one around here, so I should go.
62) 14) dialog: No, I mean, I should go in someone’s place. Most of you have already done this at least once.
68) 0) text: Felix runs in carrying the floor towel and a pillow. Gary stumbles in from the back of the house, wheezing. Bleeding from his chin. 90.
68) 3) dialog: There was... was one in the... tunnels. We got separated, and... god, I just ran. Gary doesn’t want to make eye contact.
72) 0) text: Gary stands at a corner. His back to the room. Just standing there.
72) 2) dialog: 
72) 3) text: Gary's hand reaches out and caresses a curtain. The budgies in the cage begin CHIRPING wildly.