0) 0) text: Malorie leads Boy and Girl. She reaches the back door. Boards cover the door’s glass inset. Boy and Girl hold hands. Girl’s knuckles go white. Boy squeezes back. On the floor by the door: A bird cage. Inside: A little, fat budgie. Malorie bends down, cups her hands... And transfers the bird to a shoebox. It coos at her as she covers the box and hefts it. Malorie then picks up her blindfold. Before donning it, she looks around. Inside, all is quiet and still. A land-line phone sits on the coffee table. Nothing else around it. As if it were a holy relic. Malorie secures her blindfold. Reaches out and grips the door handle. Takes a breath.
1) 0) text: TIGHT on Malorie’s face. Advancing into the back yard. Whispering under her breath. TIGHT on Boy and Girl. They form a train behind her. Girl crooks her head left and right. In the distance, a generator thrums. Glimpses of: yellowed grass. Overcast sky. It’s cold. Malorie steps carefully.
1) 2) dialog: (whispered) Left.
1) 5) dialog: (sotto) Malorie. Malorie tenses and starts them moving. Faster now.
16) 0) text: Malorie steadies herself on the row boat. Girl turns her head toward Malorie.
16) 1) dialog: You stopped rowing.
16) 3) dialog: (sotto) How much longer?
16) 7) dialog: Trees?
16) 9) dialog: Eighty-six, forty-four, thirty.
16) 13) dialog: (beat, sotto) What’s a car? Malorie realizes: They don’t know. The children have never seen one. Before she can explain--
16) 17) dialog: I hear it, too. And now Malorie does. A faint but rhythmic CLAPPING.
16) 27) dialog: I can’t find the pack. Just the food bag. Malorie searches, too. Realizes it’s gone.
16) 34) dialog: Are we going back? What are we doing, are we going home?
16) 36) dialog: You're leaving us?
18) 1) dialog: Hush.
18) 3) dialog: About what?
18) 5) dialog: Don’t click your teeth.
18) 7) dialog: She always comes back. But Girl’s voice cracks when she speaks.
20) 0) text: Boy’s sounds of agony are getting louder. Girl rocks back and forth, hugging herself. From the woods: Branches break. Boy instantly goes quiet. Girl grabs the oar. Both sit up like rabbits, listening for a predator. More branches crack. The sound bounces around the forest. No way to tell if it’s near or far.
26) 0) text: Boy and Girl huddle together, shivering. Malorie emerges from the trees-- Girl grabs the oar again, threatening:
26) 1) dialog: Stay away!
26) 3) dialog: Will we make it now? Boy tilts his head up at her.
60) 0) text: Five years later. Just Malorie and the children. Girl and Boy perch at either end of the boat. Malorie rows. All of them are still blindfolded.
60) 7) dialog: What is it?
60) 34) dialog: I didn’t either. She brings them into a tight hug.
60) 36) dialog: Malorie? Was that the man who sings all the music? Malorie lets out her tension with a laugh.
74) 0) text: Malorie descends, still cradling both babies. She wears a stretch of towel as a blindfold. The boy and girl are covered as well. And she’s snipped and clamped her umbilical cord. From the ground floor, the phone continues to ring. 101. Carefully, cautiously, she crosses the hall. Her foot steps on a body. In a pool of blood. Malorie trembles. And steps over the body.
78) 0) text: A year later. The two crib-forts sit in the room. Covered by a blanket. Malorie arrives. Trembling. Holding a hypodermic needle in her hand. Outside, something bumps against the house. A tree, maybe. The wind. Malorie approaches the cribs. Draws back the blanket. Inside: Boy and Girl. Each maybe a year old. Asleep. Fitful sleep. Malorie cries silently. Reaches in with the needle. 103. The pointy tip is charred black from heat. Pointed straight down. Shaking in her grip. It hovers over Boy’s left eyelid. An inch. Less. Malorie’s fingers reach and open Boy’s eye. A breath from receiving the needle. Something creaks nearby. Something stirs. Malorie looks up and recoils in surprise. Girl sits up in her crib. Looking at Malorie. Head tilted. Just watching. Innocent. Confused. Malorie puts a hand to her mouth. Drops the needle. Slumps against the wall. A mess. For a long time, she sits there.
80) 0) text: Two years later. Boy and Girl are both nearly the age of the opener. Playing with simple toys. Sounds of HAMMERING nearby. Malorie reinforces a wood plank over a window. Muscular arms. Still short hair. When she’s done, she steps back. 104.
80) 2) dialog: Malorie?
80) 4) dialog: Do you think you’1ll get to letter ‘K’ again today? The phone book rests open again on the coffee table. Its place marked by the pen.
83) 0) text: The phone rings loudly in here. Boy and Girl stand arguing about it. A door slams and Malorie runs in--
83) 1) dialog: We don’t know what to do!
84) 0) text: Catching up to the trip on the river. Late in the afternoon. The sun hangs low. Short-haired Malorie rows. Girl plays with her three puzzle pieces. They all hear something, ahead. Rapids.
84) 2) dialog: For what?
84) 7) dialog: Eighty-six, forty-four, thirty.
84) 10) dialog: Malorie? Birds.
84) 16) dialog: (sotto) No we didn’t. The boat tilts slightly, from external weight. And then that god-forsaken sound, close to our ears: The signature, UNEARTHLY CRY of one of those things. Malorie, Boy and Girl clamp their hands over their ears. In the distance: A DOZEN MORE SOUNDS just like it. Malorie grips the oar-- Then stabs in the direction of the noise-- She comes in contact with something. Resistance. 109. In retaliation, it capsizes the boat. They all start to SCREAM as they go into the river--
84) 17) text: Malorie splashes in, toppled off the boat. BOY and GIRL drop in nearby, but travel faster underwater the current, their limbs wheeling for purchase-- Overhead, on the surface, the boat upends. Malorie reaches out for Boy as he passes by-- Her blindfold still around her face-- And then the water cavitates at Malorie’s leg and somethi SPLASHES in and grabs hold of her ankle-- But the foaming water and chaos is too much to get any so of distinct look at it-- is it a hand? A claw? It’s pale- Boy and Girl drift past, still carried by the water-- Malorie kicks hard-- gets free, goes up for air--
85) 0) text: Boy and Girl cling to the embankment. Boy climbs to shore and helps Girl up.
85) 7) dialog: They’re coming! Malorie gets there first.
85) 9) dialog: Malorie. I can’t run that fast. All three know that. The creatures are moving in. Malorie crouches down to speak close to them.
85) 11) dialog: What are you going to do? 111. Malorie stands up and faces back the way they came. At the sound of the dozen creatures closing in.
85) 15) dialog: Eighty-two, eighty-three-- They're early. Boy collides with the car. They both get their breath. Boy shouts back:
85) 17) dialog: Are we going?
85) 25) dialog: Forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, Boy, stop! Boy skids to a stop. They're still in the barbed-wire corridor. Boy reaches, pulling Girl three steps further, into a cor where the wire dogs right-- And a large stone PLACARD is set into the walkway. His hand touches and pulls Girl to face their right. As they run this final corridor, they count together. REVEALING the text on the placard as Boy and Girl run tow a set of double doors thirty paces ahead--
86) 3) dialog: Can we look now? Malorie pulls Girl and Boy close. With a wet face:
86) 7) dialog: Girl. Rick tilts his head. What? But Malorie turns the children face her.
86) 10) dialog: I have a name? Malorie nods. The wall she’s put up in front of her emoti begins to crack, with a hitch in her breath. She reaches out and brings them both close, into a hug. I the kind of affection they’ve craved for years. They hug back, clinging to Malorie, not wanting to break the spell When they part, Boy and Girl then run to the other CHILDR in the group and begin introducing themselves with their names, like it’s a new outfit they’re showing off. Boy remembers the budgie in the shoebox, goes to it and o the lid of the box. Inside: The budgie flutters. Looks sideways at Boy.