14) 2) dialog: And did you see it? He came out of nowhere and just ran her over? I mean what is wrong with the drivers out there I mean really? (then) I have to get his plates. Greg moves for the door and immediately Lucy, Tom, and tw other MEN hold him back.
14) 21) dialog: I have to check on Lydia-- The group gets hyper again and then Tom holds up a finger placing himself protectively at the door. 22.
14) 23) dialog: Greg.
14) 25) dialog: Me and Lydia.
14) 27) dialog: Windows? Uh. Quite a few.
14) 29) dialog: Blinds-- why, what does this--
14) 37) dialog: Three.
14) 40) dialog: Housekeeper?
14) 42) dialog: I don’t know her.
28) 0) text: Greg stares at an empty cabinet. Other cabinet doors hang open, revealing stacks of platew here and there, and lots of empty space. A rare can of fo Felix crunches on cereal right out of the box at the isla Standing and eating like a bachelor.
28) 1) dialog: Is that Choco-Burst?
28) 3) dialog: It’s my nephew's favorite.
28) 5) dialog: (judgmental) He’s ten.
29) 0) text: Tom nods at Greg as he approaches. Waiting for the answer 35.
29) 1) dialog: We're out of perishables. And all that’s left to drink is well water. You might have to make another trip to Cheryl’s house and grab anything else there to eat.
29) 3) dialog: We need a real solution here... As they continue, we drift to find Lucy playing solitaire the coffee table. Her leg bounces. Cheryl rearranges the throw pillows on the couch, making chatter with Lucy whether Lucy wants to or not.
29) 28) dialog: Was that...? The doorbell rings again. Nobody moves.
29) 37) dialog: Oh for god's sake, let her in. But Tom advances, grabbing a blanket from the back of the sofa on his way--
29) 42) dialog: You're... uh. Olympia nods, caressing her bump.
29) 55) dialog: I am.
29) 57) dialog: Yes. It’s uh, we made it a game room for my nieces--
30) 25) dialog: What I want to know is how you plan on making the trip. Tom grins, ready for this one.
32) 0) text: Tom's last flourish: taping over the tiny camera above th license plate on the back. Tom stands with his arms crossed, nodding at his work. Lucy, Malorie, Donald and Greg all stand with him. The Cadillac looks like a makeshift meth lab. Every window is blacked out with cardboard, tape, and lin Lucy checks it out more closely.
33) 0) text: Still idling in the garage, driver door ajar. Tom sits at the wheel. Malorie sits shotgun. In back: Luc and Felix. Lucy carries a golf club with her, and Felix h armed himself with a hand-axe. Greg hands Tom a sticky note from outside Tom’s door.
33) 1) dialog: I made a list, going by your math. Get as much as you can.
33) 3) dialog: The store address is eleven oh one Longview Street.
33) 5) dialog: Okay. I... Good luck. Tom nods and shuts the car door. The interior feels more a submarine, lit by the dome light. Malorie pulls out a slip of paper. Considers it.
34) 0) text: The rear bumper advances at us, reverse lights aglow. INT. GREG’S HOUSE - DAY Cheryl begins searching in drawers by the entertainment center, tidying up as she goes.
34) 4) dialog: What are you looking for?
34) 8) dialog: (to Olympia) Olympia, was it? What is it like out there? Were you attacked?
34) 10) dialog: Do you know what those things are?
34) 12) dialog: But is it just seeing one face-to- face? What about through a camera? Or video footage? How big are they? Why are they out there?
34) 15) dialog: I have an idea. 48.
35) 0) text: The bed in this room tells a tale. One half is turned down sloppily. The other half is a shr Pillows under the covers suggest a body. Atop the bedspre Lydia’s nightgown has been draped. And on a pillow at the head rests a framed PHOTO of Lydia. Greg stands at a small TV on a dresser. Holding a remote. Donald, Cheryl, and Olympia are gathered at the door.
35) 1) dialog: Home security system. Two cameras, in front and back. It’s wired through this TV. The image is thermographic, so it can pick up heat signatures at night.
35) 3) dialog: The system stores the last twenty- four hours of footage. This is a digitized signal, showing just the temperatures of objects. It’s neutered information. Colors on a flat screen. Harmless.
35) 5) dialog: Lydia saw one. She must have. It killed her. So, if I can track them like this, just looking at a few thousand pixels of light, then...
35) 7) dialog: I’m getting some thermographic goggles, and a gun, and I’m going to kill every last one of them. Donald steps back a bit. Watches Greg. Cheryl speaks up:
35) 9) dialog: That’s what Tom said. He said it wasn’t worth the risk. Are we doing just what Tom says now? Beat. Donald pricks at this. Greg looks at Donald as if expecting it to.
35) 12) dialog: Double knots on the back?
35) 14) dialog: Yes. Loosen the wrist a bit so I can use the clicker.
35) 16) dialog: I’1l call for you when I’m done.
49) 0) text: The THUMPING is shockingly loud now. Accompanied by crash and breaking, as framed photos in the room topple off wal 61. Donald reaches the door and puts his hand on the knob, re to rush inside, but he stops. Steps back. Greg has stopped HOWLING by the time Cheryl and Olympia c up. Olympia doesn’t reach the top steps, reluctant to get close. Cheryl starts to panic:
51) 3) text: Something happened to Greg. Tom frowns and leaves. Lucy and Cheryl follow. A can of yellow corn rolls to Malorie’s foot. She picks i and stares at it.