1) 13) dialog: Holy fuck, the store was packed. This thing is serious.
1) 17) dialog: Any of them. SWITCHING CHANNELS, the TV lands on footage of two ambula at a park at night, loading bodies on stretchers.
2) 0) text: Jessica unloads the bags. Malorie loiters nearby.
2) 3) dialog: Try telling that to the soccer moms fighting over the bottled water. I don't want you going out there until people remember to calm the fuck down. Okay? Is Dad texting you survivalist bullshit? Jessica uncaps a beer bottle with her shirt, takes a swig
2) 5) dialog: Shit! Right. I can drive you.
2) 6) text: Maybe we should postpone. Jessica faces Malorie, who won’t make eye contact.
2) 7) dialog: Hey. We talked about this. It’1l be fine. You’re having this baby.
2) 9) dialog: I was an accident, too. Ask mom. Jessica goes back to stowing the groceries.
2) 11) dialog: Doesn’t matter. Moms are moms. Malorie nods. Trying to buy into it.
2) 12) dialog: How goes the Great Unwrapping?
2) 14) dialog: Seriously? What?
2) 16) dialog: (laughs ) Perfect. You’1ll think of her every time you wipe the kid’s ass. C’mon, let’s get you to the doctor. Jessica grabs her car keys and her purse from the counter
2) 18) text: Jessica passes Malorie, on march for the front door, but Malorie lingers a moment, captivated by something on TV. ON SCREEN: low-quality dashboard camera footage of civili fleeing past the car in a downtown district. One of the people running by wears a HOSPITAL GOWN.
7) 0) text: Malorie gets to Jessica’s car in visitor parking. Shaking Jessica waits in the driver's seat, texting on her phone. INT. JESSICA’S CAR Jessica doesn’t look up from her phone as Malorie gets in
7) 1) dialog: How'd it go? Still having a baby?
7) 3) dialog: The baby?
7) 5) dialog: Doctor Lapham is crazy?
7) 7) dialog: Okay, number one, you gotta calm down for me. And B-- Outside, an ambulance drives up, lights and sirens going, screeches to a halt at the door. The back of the ambulanc rocks violently from some struggle playing out inside. Jessica notices, tosses her phone in her purse, throws it back, and starts the car.
8) 0) text: Jessica’s car tears out just as two squad cars pull in. INT. JESSICA’S CAR - DAY Malorie holds her phone to her ear.
8) 1) dialog: Who are you calling?
8) 3) dialog: They'll be fine. Takes an act of congress to get them out of their house more than once a week. Malorie listens with the phone to her ear.
8) 5) dialog: We'll swing by. But I’m calling it now: They're both fine. At the next red light, they pull up alongside another car A YOUNG MAN drives with his pretty GIRLFRIEND. 13. He nods at Malorie. Malorie nods back. They’re strangers, just checking in with each other. It’s okay. Then: A loud but distant CRACK. And a RUMBLE. Malorie loo around -- it’s behind her. Four blocks back and one or two over: A FIRECLOUD. Smoke rising like black cellophane.
8) 6) dialog: Damn. Seriously?
8) 9) dialog: I’m not doing anything stupid. You're pregnant. The light turns green a moment later. Jessica mashes the gas.
9) 0) text: Upper middle class. Not mansions, but trying. Jessica’s car navigates the streets amid sparse traffic. The clouds are the color of fresh bruises. Distant thunde
10) 0) text: Jessica and Malorie take the ride in silence. Tense. Malo fidgets nervously.
10) 2) dialog: Okay you need to cool it because you're starting to freak me out now, okay? And we can’t both be freaking out. 14.
10) 4) dialog: Is it Dad?
10) 6) dialog: In back, in my purse-- It RINGS again. Malorie reaches back, into Jessica’s purs She opens the bag and digs for the phone as it RINGS-- Bent over, head down, Malorie finds the phone just as the call screen switches to MISSED CALL and-- JESSICA (0.S.) (CONT’D) OH MY GOD what was that, did you see that what was it? Malorie brings the phone up front, frowning--
10) 8) dialog: Back there I mean what I saw-- Malorie presses the RETURN CALL on the phone and puts it her ear while talking to Jessica--
10) 10) dialog: What I saw it was, it was-- Malorie looks back as she listens to RING on the other en the line-- MALORIE’S POV: A slight hill in the road prevents her from seeing anythi past the SUV half a block back, but it swerves violently- 15.
10) 11) dialog: I don’t care now I don’t care anymore-- And now the phone is RINGING in Malorie’s ear and a seat alarm is BEEPING and somewhere a truck’s HORN is honking engine REVS as Jessica picks up speed all the while looki right at Malorie--
10) 12) dialog: We're all going to die.
11) 0) text: A pickup truck SMASHES into the left front bumper-- BOTH VEHICLES crumple at the hood in an eruption of plast metal, glass, and shredded rubber-- Airbags deploy like white mushroom clouds-- Jessica’s car spins away, momentum carrying it back to th curb as the pickup limps into a parked car-- And then after the screech and crunch and terror: Stillness. The car’s engine has died.
12) 0) text: Malorie’s airbag deflates, revealing a breathless Malorie dusted in white safety powder, trying to get her bearings She instinctively puts her hands to her belly. Her seatbelt and the airbag saved them. A hiss of air deflating nearby draws her attention to: Jessica. Pushing her airbag out of the way. Only one arm working for her. The other one is bleeding profusely. A c over her forehead has bathed her face in blood.
12) 2) dialog: You stay in. Malorie struggles to break free--
13) 0) text: Malorie stumbles away to the sidewalk and looks back at Jessica in shock.
13) 2) dialog: 