0) 0) text: Malorie leads Boy and Girl. She reaches the back door. Boards cover the door’s glass inset. Boy and Girl hold hands. Girl’s knuckles go white. Boy squeezes back. On the floor by the door: A bird cage. Inside: A little, fat budgie. Malorie bends down, cups her hands... And transfers the bird to a shoebox. It coos at her as she covers the box and hefts it. Malorie then picks up her blindfold. Before donning it, she looks around. Inside, all is quiet and still. A land-line phone sits on the coffee table. Nothing else around it. As if it were a holy relic. Malorie secures her blindfold. Reaches out and grips the door handle. Takes a breath.
0) 1) dialog: (sotto) Twenty, thirty-one, fifty-four. Twenty, thirty-one, fifty-four. (then) Here we go. With trembling hand, she opens the door.
1) 0) text: TIGHT on Malorie’s face. Advancing into the back yard. Whispering under her breath. TIGHT on Boy and Girl. They form a train behind her. Girl crooks her head left and right. In the distance, a generator thrums. Glimpses of: yellowed grass. Overcast sky. It’s cold. Malorie steps carefully.
1) 1) dialog: (sotto) Eighteen, nineteen... twenty. Her hand reaches out to her right... And finds a fence post. She pivots and marches another direction. Farther away from the house. Slightly downhill. Boy and Girl take note of this shift.
1) 4) dialog: (sotto) Twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one. Malorie raises her hand... And touches a tree branch. She lets out a breath of relief. And she changes direction once more. Boy and Girl adapt. The sound of the river creeps in. Malorie quietly counts her steps. Then: A sound. Rustling. The sigh of foliage. Boy’s ear perks. He pauses. It stops the train. Boy and Girl turn their heads the same direction. Beat. Listening. Then, another rustle. Back the way they came. The budgie inside the shoebox CHIRPS. Its wings scrape against the box lid.
1) 6) dialog: (sotto) Forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty- two, fifty three... fifty-four. The sound of the river is close. Malorie reaches out and down... But her fingers grasp air. No landmark here. Malorie sweeps her arm around. Still nothing. Somewhere off to the right: Leaves rustle. Closer. The budgie CHIRPS in distress. Girl tugs at Malorie’s arm. Malorie starts to hyperventilate. She steps forward. Groping.
1) 7) dialog: (sotto) Fifty-five. Rustle.
1) 8) dialog: (sotto) Pifty-six--
1) 12) dialog: (sotto) Alison, you bitch. She clucks her tongue and logs the gift on a notepad. Malorie sits up as someone enters her front door. JESSICA, Malorie’s sister. A skinnier, fiercer version of Malorie. Carrying groceries like they’re 500 pounds.
1) 14) dialog: What?
1) 16) dialog: What channel? Jessica carries the bags to the kitchen. Over her shoulde
2) 0) text: Jessica unloads the bags. Malorie loiters nearby.
2) 2) dialog: It’s in Russia.
2) 4) dialog: I was in the bath. I have that OB appointment, remember?
2) 6) text: Maybe we should postpone. Jessica faces Malorie, who won’t make eye contact.
2) 8) dialog: Yeah. (then) Of course.
2) 10) dialog: But Dad never bailed on Mom.
2) 13) dialog: It goes. I don’t know what half this stuff does. Alison got me something.
2) 15) dialog: (grin forming) A wipe warmer.
2) 18) text: Jessica passes Malorie, on march for the front door, but Malorie lingers a moment, captivated by something on TV. ON SCREEN: low-quality dashboard camera footage of civili fleeing past the car in a downtown district. One of the people running by wears a HOSPITAL GOWN.
3) 0) text: Malorie sits on an exam table, wearing a HOSPITAL GOWN. DR. SUE LAPHAM (40s, cheery) is dressed in a white coat o her street clothes, and she gestures with her clipboard.
3) 2) dialog: Sleep is still rough. No one told me how hard it would be to get comfortable in this shape.
3) 4) dialog: I’1l try that.
3) 6) dialog: Not yet. Something about it... It hasn't really clicked with me. You know? The idea. Motherhood.
3) 8) dialog: What if it doesn’t? Dr. Lapham reads from her clipboard.
4) 0) text: Malorie vomits into the toilet bowl. She cleans herself up at the sink and stares at herself i the mirror. Her own bloodshot eyes stare back. Malorie washes her face. Then goes to the towels to dry h face and hands. Nearby: A basket of reading material. Magazines. Pamphlet Flyers about parenthood, childbirth. Malorie notices one. Picks it up. The headline: “YOU HAVE A CHOICE. // Give your child to a good home!” An informational flyer on adoption. Malorie considers something. Then puts the flyer in her purse. 11.
5) 0) text: A cacophony of noise. Malorie navigates a hallway, leaving Lapham’s office. A p of PARAMEDICS rush by the other way, wheeling a MAN with leg injury on a gurney.
6) 0) text: The commotion is louder here. Other PATIENTS waiting for urgent care watch in horror at the scene playing out in t corner of the room-- A WOMAN in a pricey jogging suit and glossy fingernails shrills at two NURSES trying to close in on her-- As she SCREAMS non-words she digs her fingernails into he right cheek and begins to tear into her flesh-- With her other hand she starts with the thin skin around eyelid and pulls-- And the NURSES go for her and blood gets everywhere and Malorie hurries out the door amid the AD LIB SHOUTS--
7) 0) text: Malorie gets to Jessica’s car in visitor parking. Shaking Jessica waits in the driver's seat, texting on her phone. INT. JESSICA’S CAR Jessica doesn’t look up from her phone as Malorie gets in
7) 2) dialog: It’s happening now. This gets her attention.
7) 4) dialog: No, the-- whatever it is in Russia. The thing that makes you go crazy? I think it’s here. 12.
7) 6) dialog: Can we get going please?
8) 0) text: Jessica’s car tears out just as two squad cars pull in. INT. JESSICA’S CAR - DAY Malorie holds her phone to her ear.
8) 2) dialog: Mom and Dad.
8) 4) dialog: Voicemail. (to Jess) It went to voicemail. Jessica lets out a stiff breath, then changes lanes.
8) 7) dialog: I don’t like this. Jess, can we just go? Maybe we just drive. In the adjacent car, Young Man with his panicked Girlfrie does that: he looks at cross traffic, and runs the red li Other traffic screeches and veers, HONKING.
8) 8) dialog: Jess-—
10) 0) text: Jessica and Malorie take the ride in silence. Tense. Malo fidgets nervously.
10) 1) dialog: Where is all the traffic?
10) 3) dialog: Sorry. A phone RINGS. Malorie looks down at her phone in her lap
10) 5) dialog: It’s not my phone--
10) 7) dialog: See what? Jessica’s body language and posture changes. Her muscles are rigid. Hands wringing the wheel. And her eyes flit constantly. Her voice cracks--
10) 9) dialog: Okay, calm down, hey--
10) 13) dialog: Jess, what-- Malorie sees it a fraction before it happens: Jessica has steered into oncoming traffic.
12) 0) text: Malorie’s airbag deflates, revealing a breathless Malorie dusted in white safety powder, trying to get her bearings She instinctively puts her hands to her belly. Her seatbelt and the airbag saved them. A hiss of air deflating nearby draws her attention to: Jessica. Pushing her airbag out of the way. Only one arm working for her. The other one is bleeding profusely. A c over her forehead has bathed her face in blood.
12) 1) dialog: Oh my god... Jess... 16. Jessica looks at her with the eyes of a feral creature. She turns the ignition to start the car again. Her mouth moves as if she’s speaking, but it’s soft as a prayer. Malorie is in pure shock, and terrified by her sister. She unbuckles the seatbelt and opens her car door to esca And Jessica grapples Malorie’s wrist, croaking a warning:
12) 3) dialog: Let go, Jess, let go-- And wrenches away from her and out of the car.
13) 0) text: Malorie stumbles away to the sidewalk and looks back at Jessica in shock.
13) 1) dialog: What is wrong with you?!
13) 5) dialog: My sister--
14) 0) text: The house. The same one as in the opener. Tom closes the behind him. They’re the last ones in. Head count: eight or nine. Most of them catching their breath, pacing, two of them silently crying from the trau of witnessing two deaths up close. Malorie watches as: Donald pulls at the heavy curtains in the living room nea
14) 4) dialog: Something was behind us.
14) 8) dialog: My sister saw it. Another one of the group chimes in: FELIX (mid-20s, skinn leather jacket, a motorcycle helmet in one fist).
14) 20) dialog: My parents are about a mile from here, on Arbor. I need to get to them. I need to go. Greg is in denial, his voice cracking as he talks:
14) 47) dialog: How long do you think we’1ll have to stay inside?
16) 0) text: Malorie steadies herself on the row boat. Girl turns her head toward Malorie.
16) 2) dialog: Just taking a break. Keep listening. No talking. Beat. But because she’s four years old:
16) 4) dialog: (sigh) A few hours.
16) 6) dialog: (sotto) I don’t know. It’s a safe place. Protected with high walls. They say there’s even a courtyard, so you can walk around outside. Girl asks it like it’s Santa Claus:
16) 8) dialog: Trees. (hardening) Now if you refuse to keep quiet, tell me the steps again. Tell me the steps. 25.
16) 10) dialog: Boy. Landmarks.
16) 12) dialog: Good. Now quiet. Listen.
16) 15) dialog: (sotto) Is it...
16) 18) dialog: Can you tell where it’s from? Neither child answers for a moment. Then:
16) 21) dialog: Boy! And Boy flails and splashes-- And Malorie lies flat and drops her oar but refuses to le of the Boy's jacket-- The boat hits a shallow point, slowing abruptly-- Boy manages to get his hands on the boat again, coughing water, his breath pluming in the cold air-- Girl is quietly having a nervous breakdown, her hands on blindfold, ready to pull it off-- Malorie gets both hands around Boy-- Hefts him back into the boat, soaking wet, crying, bleedi
16) 23) dialog: Shh shh, I got you.
16) 25) dialog: Girl: a dry blanket. Girl still considers taking off her blindfold. Breathing quickly.
16) 26) dialog: Blanket. Girl reaches around in the boat.
16) 28) dialog: Okay. She pulls a thin, folded blanket from under her, what she been using as a cushion, and drapes it over herself and B creating a little cocoon in the boat. The blanket is soak from the collision. It’s useless to dry the Boy. With the blanket fully covering both the boy and her ina makeshift fort, Malorie pulls off her blindfold. Boy is shivering uncontrollably. Hypothermia. His forehead is bruised.
16) 30) dialog: You need to dry off and warm up.
16) 32) dialog: We lost the rest, and this is too wet. So I’m going to get some more and bring them back. Okay? 28. Boy nods.
16) 33) dialog: Cover up. Fort goes away. He adjusts his blindfold. Malorie dons her blindfold, too. She lifts the blanket off and slaps it to the boat’s floo
16) 35) dialog: (quietly) Shh. Listen. I have to get some blankets. Should be in a house nearby. I won’t be long.
16) 37) dialog: Sit back-to-back. Listen closely. The bird stays with you. Malorie shoves the row boat with her one remaining oar un it wedges against the shore. She then takes the soaked blanket. And very gingerly steps out of the boat. Boy’s teeth rattle and he makes a noise when he exhales.
16) 38) dialog: Shh. Boy screws up his face, mustering courage. Two steps into the woods, Malorie stops. Reaches out. Finds a branch. On her belt: a reel of fishing wire. Weighted at the end with a sinker. Malorie loops the end around the base of the branch. Tugs at it. It’s solid. She ventures into the trees. The fishing wire unspools as she goes. Pointing her back to the boat. 29. The reel makes a sound; soft clicking. Girl and Boy listen to it recede.
17) 0) text: Malorie moves with one arm out in front of her face and another panning left and right. She walks quickly, even blind. She finds a tree, then navigates around it. The reel clicks softly at her belt. A rustling sound. Malorie freezes. Holds her breath. Then the sound of flapping wings, overhead. Birds. Malorie breathes again. Visibly relieved. She marches on. Distantly: tiny bell-song from a wind chime. That suggests a back porch. A house. Another half dozen steps puts her into a clearing. Her foot nudges something. She crouches down. Feels. Stands up clutching a metal rod. Her hands work their way up the metal-- it’s long. She finds the end: A net. This is a pool cleaner. Malorie holds one end and reaches out to thump the ground ahead of her, in an arc. Soft thump... Soft thump... Concrete. Malorie advances in that direction. Ahead of her: A dilapidated two-story HOUSE. With a backyard pool, now scummy with algae. The cleaner dips into the green water. Splashes. Malorie course corrects to walk around it.
19) 0) text: Sunlight pours in from bay windows, illuminating dust in stale air inside. The back door vibrates with a loud thump. Again. And then it’s forcibly kicked in by Malorie. She steps inside. Tense. All is quiet. It’s a five-bedroom mausoleum. Malorie finds a chair. And a table. It’s a breakfast table. Nearby: A counter. The kitchen. She takes a step deeper into the house-- And the fishing wire goes taut. End of the line. Malorie curses to herself.
19) 3) text: With the sunlight on her back, Malorie delves into the ho
21) 0) text: Free of the blanket and blindfold, Malorie grabs a set of bath towels off a rack. Shoves them into a duffel bag.
22) 0) text: Malorie opens dresser drawers, looking for clothing. Checks the tags on t-shirts. Takes one. 32.
22) 1) text: Malorie rifles through clothes on racks. Finds a heavy coat. Too big. But better than nothing. Ready to go, she dons a clean, dry beach towel.
23) 2) text: Straight ahead, staring at the fabric of the towel, all t filters through is a vague rectangle of sunlight. And then a shadow passes in front of it. Large. Devouring the gauzy sunlight. Malorie goes rigid with fear. Slowly, she reaches up and puts on her blindfold.
24) 0) text: Malorie stays low, following the line. Listening intently. Something is near. In the pool. What isn’t heard: breathing noises. It’s unsettling. 33. Malorie’s hand follows the fishing line. Her foot steps on the pool net she dropped before. Off to her right, more water sounds. Something emerging from the pool. Malorie does something very risky: She runs while blindfolded.
26) 0) text: Boy and Girl huddle together, shivering. Malorie emerges from the trees-- Girl grabs the oar again, threatening:
26) 2) dialog: It’s me, Girl. It’s me. Malorie finds the boat and climbs on board. Boy and Girl cling to her. Hugging tightly. Malorie embraces them both. Beat. Then, sniffling:
26) 5) dialog: Of course we will. 34. She says it sternly. But her head is turned away. Like sh asked that question for years, every day.
27) 0) text: Five years ago. An ‘X’ is drawn in a square. Long-haired Malorie crosses through a July date on a wall calendar, matching a week of Xs prior. She's at the counter separating the kitchen from the livi and dining area of the house. She flips the calendar to September to note the 28th circled and labeled: “DUE DATE Behind her, the living room is busy with the captive memb
29) 17) dialog: National Guard?
29) 23) dialog: Tom is talking about a supply run.
29) 27) dialog: Cheryl. Nobody delivers anymore. The doorbell rings. Everyone tenses. Exchanges looks. Greg and Tom break from their talk and join the group.
29) 30) dialog: Is that safe? Lucy stops at the door. Hand on the knob.
29) 45) dialog: Where did you come from?
30) 22) dialog: The last one to draw.
30) 23) dialog: Well. I guess we know. Tom upturns the bag and the remaining ‘S’ clatters. She looks around the room, hoping for a volunteer trade. The other exempt members don’t dare meet her look.
32) 0) text: Tom's last flourish: taping over the tiny camera above th license plate on the back. Tom stands with his arms crossed, nodding at his work. Lucy, Malorie, Donald and Greg all stand with him. The Cadillac looks like a makeshift meth lab. Every window is blacked out with cardboard, tape, and lin Lucy checks it out more closely.
33) 0) text: Still idling in the garage, driver door ajar. Tom sits at the wheel. Malorie sits shotgun. In back: Luc and Felix. Lucy carries a golf club with her, and Felix h armed himself with a hand-axe. Greg hands Tom a sticky note from outside Tom’s door.
33) 6) dialog: Tom...
33) 8) dialog: This is where my parents live. I was going to check on them--
33) 10) dialog: --and I just, I haven’t heard from them and I know it’s out of the way but I just need to know. I’m sorry--
36) 0) text: The GPS screen flickers, points Tom straight ahead. 50. Tom drives. Malorie watches the map closely. The arrow. The map goes away, replaced with a diagram of the car, al flashing at the front right bumper.
36) 1) dialog: What’s that?
36) 9) dialog: Keep going around. Tom goes for the shifter. Something crashes, outside. Glass breaks. Everyone remains quiet. The car idles. Then: Beep. Front bumper proximity. Growing more incessant.
36) 12) dialog: (sotto) Oh god, oh god-- The group looks up: Dents form in the roof. The middle bows. A muted, rhythmi RASPING carries heavy from outside. Felix sweats, his hand gripping the axe. 52. The roof bows over the back seat. Lucy holds up her golf club at it, as if to prevent the r from caving in. It trembles in her hands. Everyone in the car is on the verge of panic. Then the rear end lowers. It’s walked onto the trunk. Lucy and Felix look back at the rear window, even though walled off with tape and box lids. Glass cracks. And then, out of the tense silence: BEEP-BEEP-BEEP. Rear bumper proximity. Suddenly: something strikes HARD at the back window-- The taped glass caves inward from it-- exposing the outsi
36) 15) dialog: Tom...
36) 17) dialog: Tom, just slow down-- Tom yanks the wheel left, the car ascends a short ramp-- And the whole car jostles from another curb bump-- And then Tom brakes hard. The tires screech on asphalt.
37) 0) text: Some lights are still on. But the place is eerily quiet. Tom, Malorie, Felix, and Lucy enter the store.
37) 5) dialog: .--Tom?
43) 0) text: Malorie picks up a pack of sealed lunchmeats. Sniffs it. A shopping cart rolls into view behind her. Tom.
43) 2) dialog: Maybe. If we eat it tonight.
43) 4) dialog: What is this?
43) 6) dialog: It’s lovely. Thank you.
43) 8) dialog: No husband. It was all casual until he knocked me up. But he didn’t want his “whole life turned upside down,” so he bailed.
43) 11) dialog: Aye aye, captain. Malorie pushes her cart onward and Tom turns his around. As Tom ventures back to the Mens department, Malorie look back at him. She smiles.
44) 0) text: Malorie grabs batteries and tosses them into her cart. A fly buzzes past her. She sniffs. Something stinks. She approaches the end of the aisle. Wary. The smell is definitely coming from this end of the store Malorie brings up a flashlight. She rounds a corner. More flies buzz from a neighboring section. Malorie shines her light on the sign: “FOR PETS” She frowns, and advances.
45) 0) text: The flashlight beam reveals a line of cages placed on she along one side. A trampled sign on the floor: “TODAY ONLY / ADOPT A PET!” Some cages hang open. Empty. 57. The flashlight glimpses shapes in others. Matted fur. Blo and feces. In this low light it’s hard to tell if they ar cats or dogs. Malorie winces, covering her nose and mouth. And then she hears it. A small CHIRP. She turns back. Sweeps the light. Finds a bird cage at th end, covered in black silk. Malorie lifts the veil and peers inside: Six fat, little BUDGIES turn their heads at her. One hops over to her side of the cage.
45) 1) dialog: You made it. You cute little guys.
47) 0) text: Four loaded shopping carts converge at the back by the de Tom, Malorie, and Lucy get to Felix.
47) 3) dialog: What are you doing? Tom steps to the metal door. It rattles in its hinges.
47) 16) dialog: Uh, Tom? Something--
51) 0) text: The garage door lowers behind the Cadillac as it pulls in The door reaches the ground... and then Tom and the other climb out of the beat-up car. Malorie takes the bird cage out on her side and makes eye contact with Tom on the driver’s side. She notices his attention to the car.
51) 1) dialog: What is it? Tom feels the hood and roof. Traces the indentations.
51) 3) text: Something happened to Greg. Tom frowns and leaves. Lucy and Cheryl follow. A can of yellow corn rolls to Malorie’s foot. She picks i and stares at it.
52) 0) text: Blindfolded, Malorie opens a can of cold pork-and-beans. Jabs a plastic utensil in the can. She scoops out a spoonful. Holds her hand out.
52) 1) dialog: Scoop. Girl reaches out her hand. Finds Malorie’s wrist. Guides the spoon to her mouth. Girl taps Malorie’s wrist gently. And Malorie knows to refill the spoon. Right now, no one rows. Malorie feeds Boy next.
52) 2) dialog: Boy. Scoop. Wrapped in blankets, he reaches out, guides the spoon. Takes a bite. Taps her wrist. She pulls it away.
52) 4) dialog: Remember your job. Listen. With both ears. (beat) Girl. Scoop. Girl takes a bite. Chews.
52) 6) dialog: Yes, Boy.
52) 8) dialog: To look.
52) 10) dialog: To give us hope. Boy ponders this answer. INT. GREG’S HOUSE - FIVE YEARS EARLIER - NIGHT Pressing in on the back door, set into a “mud room” off t kitchen, with a place for boots, heavy coats, etc. Malorie (long-haired, seven-months pregnant now) enters f outside, carrying a paint bucket filled with water. She’s also wearing a blindfold. Her breath plumes in the night Just as she shuts the door behind her, we catch a glimpse the setup: The back door has a tarpaulin hood covering vi of the outside, attached to a small awning, so it creates little cocoon just outside the door. Malorie sets the pail down, takes off her blindfold, and reaches over to one wall... ...-where a large WHITEBOARD hangs with a set of instruct
53) 0) text: Water pours down a funnel from the pail into a plastic ju Malorie then gets a glass for herself.
54) 0) text: Malorie sits on the couch, drinking the water. Her attention drifts to the coffee table, where the landl phone sits alongside the Stonebridge phone book. She scoots the book toward her, flips through the pages. And then picks up the receiver. Holds it to her ear. Remarkably, there is still a dial tone. (This is probable only with old landline telephony. ) Malorie flips to the yellow pages section and finds a lis for the hospitals. She starts dialing. Behind her, over her shoulder, the open kitchen area. And farther still, the back door in the mud room. That area i unlit now, but the white of the back door stands out. And the door starts to open. Malorie doesn’t hear. She’s busy trying numbers. PRESSING IN on Malorie as she dials and listens for a wor number on the other end, edging out the view of the door the kitchen as something gets closer... Then that sound. That otherworldly, inhuman noise. Malorie’s whole body goes rigid with sudden fear. She snaps her eyes closed and leans down into the couch t try and hide. Her shallow breath is overtaken by the sound of rasping. Close on her face, eyes firmly shut, and then-- Two ragged FINGERS with wet, black talons on the ends rea in and press against her cheek and eyebrow. Malorie whimp in shock, tries to turn away from the contact, but then-- 66. The fingers spread, pulling her eyelid open, forcing her look directly at the thing-- Her pupil contracts in terror-- And for a singular frame we see: A wide-mouthed, pale, we FACE with bulging eyes like a deep-sea monster, then-- INT. MALORIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Malorie wakes up from the nightmare, breathless. Her hair is damp with sweat. It takes her a moment to calm down. Olympia snores softly in the neighboring bed. Malorie reaches for a glass on her nightstand. It’s empty
55) 0) text: Malorie descends the stairs with her empty glass, headed the kitchen. She passes the front door... A moment later, there’s a VOICE from outside.
55) 3) dialog: Someone there?
55) 5) dialog: Who is it? 67. His voice rises at the end of his sentences, so sometimes they sound like questions.
55) 7) dialog: It’s the middle of the night.
55) 9) dialog: (to budgies) Is it safe out there?
55) 11) dialog: There’s a protocol. I can’t let you inside right now. You have to wait.
55) 13) dialog: I’m Malorie. Gary takes the towel and wraps his wound. The cut is long not deep; superficial.
55) 15) dialog: Where have you been staying?
55) 17) dialog: Alone this whole time?
56) 0) text: Everyone’s awake now, sitting around the room: Malorie an Olympia, Lucy, Tom, Don, Cheryl, and Gary. Gary holds cou
56) 4) dialog: Who was he?
59) 0) text: Malorie brushes her hair after a shower, prepping for bed Olympia enters with a glass of water.
59) 2) dialog: Where’d you get the pre-natal supplements?
59) 4) dialog: For what. 72.
59) 6) dialog: No you're not.
59) 8) dialog: Hey. It’s going to be all right. Olympia smiles with a sadness at Malorie.
59) 10) dialog: It’s your baby.
59) 12) dialog: (emphatic) It’s going to be okay. We’re going to make it. All of us.
60) 0) text: Five years later. Just Malorie and the children. Girl and Boy perch at either end of the boat. Malorie rows. All of them are still blindfolded.
60) 1) dialog: Children... I need to tell you about the waterfall. (MORE )
60) 3) dialog: (breath) This is the hardest thing we have ever done together. One of you... One of you needs to be brave--
60) 6) dialog: Keep your heads down. She finds the shallows. Just as the engine noise gets even louder. Like it’s moving for them. Malorie grips the oar tightly. Girl and Boy listen.
60) 8) dialog: Do not take off your blindfolds. The boat’s engine cuts abruptly. The air smells of gasoline. Footsteps cross what sounds like a deck.
60) 10) dialog: (sotto, to children) No you cannot.
60) 12) dialog: ...-How do you know?
60) 14) dialog: You can’t just look. You know that. The stranger chuckles.
60) 16) dialog: You can leave now. She hears the man sigh.
60) 18) dialog: Stay away from our boat. The man does not answer. Then: splashes in the water. Nearby. Malorie raises the paddle. Her only defense.
60) 20) dialog: We are keeping them on.
60) 22) dialog: Leave us alone. Girl keeps a hand on her blindfold. Head crooked in the direction of his voice.
60) 27) dialog: Stay away from us--
60) 29) dialog: Keep your eyes closed!
60) 32) dialog: What is the rule. Tell me.
60) 35) dialog: You did so well. They hug back. Beat. 77.
60) 37) dialog: No, honey. No it was not. The faint crooning of FRANK SINATRA fades in-- INT. GREG’S HOUSE - DAY The living room radio plays the music. Returning to five years ago. The room is crowded with listeners, including Malorie, Donald, Cheryl, and Gary. The furniture in the room has been moved since last time. A thin line of SUNLIGHT slices into the room from the curtains hanging on the picture window. This is the only of sun in the room, possibly the whole house. At the bar counter leading to the kitchen, Lucy stands an stares at the calendar. September 3 has an ‘X’ through it along with the next two days after it. IN THE LIVING ROOM, Sinatra ends and the deejay returns.
60) 45) dialog: I have to try. One more time.
60) 47) dialog: (sotto) Come on, come on...
60) 48) dialog: What are you doing-- Shut up!
60) 50) dialog: No, no-- Gary, turn it off, turn it off right now! Sinatra’s dulcet tones kick in. “Softly As I Leave You.”
60) 53) dialog: I told you to turn it off! Tom enters, hearing the flaring tempers.
60) 60) dialog: --told you we are too many-- --just turn everyone away? It escalates quickly when Donald and Cheryl square off--
60) 67) dialog: Hey, it’s fine, it’s probably just Braxton Hicks. You get those early, like little tremors. This starts to calm Olympia down again. She exhales slowl Tom addresses the group.
62) 0) text: At the back door, Tom is first to arrive at the mud room the supply run. Malorie approaches and hugs Tom. He hugs back. But she doesn’t let go. Into his ear:
62) 1) dialog: I read that when you hug for twenty seconds, it releases oxytocin into your system. Helps calm the nerves.
62) 3) dialog: What did you do? Before all this. 84.
62) 5) dialog: Oh my god! Ohh. I can’t remember the last time I laughed. Thank you. She puts her hand on his chest. He keeps it there. An unspoken invitation to tenderness. Malorie’s eyes sparkle
62) 7) dialog: Whatever paid the bills until I figured out what I want to be.
62) 9) dialog: Not really. I’m terrible at it. The budgie in the box near Tom TWEETS softly. Lyrically.
63) 0) text: Malorie stays by the door, listening to Tom's voice leadi the group away.
63) 2) dialog: Why do you care now?
64) 0) text: Malorie sits down next to Olympia and returns to holding hand. Olympia smiles through her cramps.
64) 2) dialog: Like what?
64) 4) dialog: Here. Turn to the bookmarked page and read me the next number. Olympia opens the book to find PAGE AFTER PAGE of residen names either circled or crossed through. Stopping at ‘M.’
64) 6) dialog: I've been calling people, leaving messages when I get a machine. Maybe there’s a doctor out there, or someone who knows more about what’s going on. Anyway, it be nice to talk to someone new. Yeah? Olympia doesn’t argue. She finds the next name.
64) 8) dialog: (into phone) Hello, yes, my name is Malorie. There is a group of us here in Riverbridge, on Shillingham Drive. If you get this message, call us back at this number. Please.
64) 10) dialog: You sure? (off her look)
64) 14) dialog: The attic? That’s your room. Edgar keeps talking like it’s a done deal. Donald arrives time to hear Edgar’s speech:
64) 16) dialog: Okay. Thanks.
64) 21) dialog: We can’t wait for them to get back. 89.
66) 0) text: Malorie and Donald heft Olympia up the stairs to the atti She may be petite, but with the baby Olympia isn’t an eas carry. Donald tries being positive for once:
67) 0) text: Donald and Malorie bring Olympia to the hardwood floor he straining in one last heave to set her down gently. FLUID SPLASHES around Malorie’s feet. Her water broke. Her eyes go wide. Donald notices. Realizes.
67) 2) dialog: But I’m not due for three weeks! Far downstairs, a door SLAMS shut.
70) 0) text: Olympia and Malorie lie on their backs on the floor, atop mattresses covered with beach towels. Both are sweaty, tr to control their breathing. A sheet covers Olympia’s lap, a throw covers Malorie’s. It’s raining, outside. Lightly. The rain tap-dances on th skylights above. There isn’t enough light to get a good s of the walls in the room. A lantern sits on a rolling table near the women. Curled by the lantern: TWO LEATHER BELTS, still with their Targe price tags stuck to the buckles. Malorie MOANS. And looks to Olympia. Olympia looks back. Scared.
70) 2) dialog: Tom? Tom! Donald arrives and sets the towels by a set of tools: A pair of scissors. A knife. Metal binder clips.
73) 0) text: The women push. They strain. They sweat. The blood vessels in Malorie’s eyes burst, making her loo extremely bloodshot. Felix keeps reading from the parenthood book’s chapter on childbirth part and checking on the women.
73) 2) dialog: Is that my baby? Gasping for breath, the women both stop and listen. No, not bleating. SCREAMING.
73) 6) dialog: Felix, please... Felix moves for the stairs--
73) 8) dialog: Don’t go please wait-- But he passes her, bumping the rolling cart with the lant The table drifts to the back wall as Malorie hears Tom’s footsteps down the stairs... The lantern illuminates the wall, exposing DOZENS OF CHAR SKETCHES OF MONSTERS. All shapes and sizes. Creatures wit hideous bodies and human faces. Things with no discernibl head or tail. Beasts inspired by snakes, and spiders, and squid, and grizzly bears. Thin, gangly beings with hollow heads. A coterie of teeth, venom, and unblinking stares. entire wall is papered with the artwork. Malorie shudders in shock at it.
73) 10) dialog: You've... seen one? Edgar nods. Nearby Olympia makes a noise as she pushes ag somewhere between a cry and a groan.
73) 11) dialog: (calling)
73) 15) dialog: Tom! Is that you?! Tom-- More loud noises downstairs. And then footsteps. The door opens, and Tom steps through. He looks unhinged, holding the shotgun Donald had moments ago.
73) 17) dialog: I’m early, we're both early, it just started and then my water broke and I don’t want it now--
73) 19) dialog: Don’t go. Don’t go. Tom leans down and kisses Malorie on the forehead.
73) 22) dialog: Give him to me-- Edgar smiles with bloodied hands.
73) 26) dialog: Shut up shut up-- And then another heart-stopping GUNSHOT, this time from t second floor. And in that vacuum of silence... Sounds from the stairs. Creaking of steps. And the sound of the door opening. Edgar looks up, toward the door. And frowns.
73) 30) dialog: Olympia no no-- Olympia doesn’t blink, doesn’t look away from the thing a the top of the stairs.
73) 32) dialog: Cover the baby’s eyes-- Olympia, please-- cover her eyes--
73) 34) dialog: Please, please-- Olympia, just let me hold her for a moment... Olympia SNARLS. Chews on something just out of view, her hunched over her child. Malorie reaches out with one arm, keeping the other on he own baby, close to her chest. But she doesn’t open her ey
73) 36) dialog: Olympia... Talk to me... But she doesn’t. Instead, Olympia moves to the window. Malorie refuses to look. Edgar gets to his feet, his leg quavering under the effor Staring down the thing just outside view.
73) 39) dialog: 
74) 0) text: Malorie descends, still cradling both babies. She wears a stretch of towel as a blindfold. The boy and girl are covered as well. And she’s snipped and clamped her umbilical cord. From the ground floor, the phone continues to ring. 101. Carefully, cautiously, she crosses the hall. Her foot steps on a body. In a pool of blood. Malorie trembles. And steps over the body.
75) 0) text: Malorie descends the last few steps and nearly slips on m blood in the entry. The front door hangs wide open. She passes by another body on the floor. The phone rings. For the tenth time.
76) 0) text: Malorie sits down on the couch. Felix’s body is seated on the other end of the couch. But his head is missing. The phone rings loudly on the coffee table. Malorie’s hand reaches out... finds it. Just as it stops ringing. Malorie brings it to her ear, hopeful--
76) 1) dialog: Hello? Hello? A faint dial tone bleeds out, audible from here.
76) 2) dialog: No... No no no-- She hangs up and presses asterisk-6-9. Holds the phone to her ear again, in time to hear the hig octave three tones preceding:
77) 0) text: The sun hangs low over the lawn, where a fire burns. A bonfire made of a pile of bodies. Malorie stands a dozen paces away, hearing it burn. She wears a scarf over her eyes. And carries a pole on her shoulders. Water jugs dangle from the pole. In this pose, in this light, she looks like Lady Justice. Among the burning bodies: The ADOPTION FLYER she took fro the hospital so long ago. “You have a choice!” It catches fire.
78) 0) text: A year later. The two crib-forts sit in the room. Covered by a blanket. Malorie arrives. Trembling. Holding a hypodermic needle in her hand. Outside, something bumps against the house. A tree, maybe. The wind. Malorie approaches the cribs. Draws back the blanket. Inside: Boy and Girl. Each maybe a year old. Asleep. Fitful sleep. Malorie cries silently. Reaches in with the needle. 103. The pointy tip is charred black from heat. Pointed straight down. Shaking in her grip. It hovers over Boy’s left eyelid. An inch. Less. Malorie’s fingers reach and open Boy’s eye. A breath from receiving the needle. Something creaks nearby. Something stirs. Malorie looks up and recoils in surprise. Girl sits up in her crib. Looking at Malorie. Head tilted. Just watching. Innocent. Confused. Malorie puts a hand to her mouth. Drops the needle. Slumps against the wall. A mess. For a long time, she sits there.
79) 0) text: Eyes and nose red from tears, Malorie steps in. Stares at her reflection in the mirror. She reaches out, picks up a pair of scissors. Brings them to her face... And then starts to cut her own hair. PANNING to the mirror... It’s now the end of the haircut. Short-cropped. A warrior’s cut. Malorie hardens her face. She’s made a decision: Survival. But on her terms.
80) 0) text: Two years later. Boy and Girl are both nearly the age of the opener. Playing with simple toys. Sounds of HAMMERING nearby. Malorie reinforces a wood plank over a window. Muscular arms. Still short hair. When she’s done, she steps back. 104.
80) 1) dialog: All right. Going out for dinner. You remember the rules? The children nod. Malorie nods back, like a sergeant. She crosses past a wall now covered with a giant Riverbri city map, likely taken from a municipal building. The map riddled with push-pins. She’s covered a lot of ground. Before Malorie leaves for the back door--
80) 3) dialog: Yes, Girl.
80) 5) dialog: (beat) We'll see.
81) 0) text: Quiet. Stillness. Malorie crouches, following a string. Her boots crunch under the winter ground. The string leads to a rabbit trap. Something furry caught inside. Malorie feels it: A dead rabbit.
82) 0) text: Malorie, still blindfolded, carries two dead rabbits tied together, marching cautiously toward the back door. Her hand searches for the fence line. Finds it. Her familiar landmark. She takes a breath. Distantly... A phone rings. Malorie perks up. Hurries for the back door. Abandoning the rabbits. She gets to the back door. Struggles with the keys. Rinnnng!
83) 0) text: The phone rings loudly in here. Boy and Girl stand arguing about it. A door slams and Malorie runs in--
83) 2) dialog: I got it-- She grabs the receiver and answers, breathless--
83) 3) dialog: Hello!
83) 5) dialog: Yes! Yes, that’s me, yes.
83) 7) dialog: Rick what?
83) 9) dialog: Oh thank god. (emotional) Where are you, Rick? Are you safe? Are... are you with others? 105. 106.
83) 11) dialog: Rick... Do you, do you have room for three more? Asked as if it were the most important question on Earth.
83) 14) dialog: Riverbridge. Upper east side, near state highway one-eighty.
83) 16) dialog: What’s wrong with the river?
84) 0) text: Catching up to the trip on the river. Late in the afternoon. The sun hangs low. Short-haired Malorie rows. Girl plays with her three puzzle pieces. They all hear something, ahead. Rapids.
84) 1) dialog: Children? It’s nearly time.
84) 3) dialog: To look. This is what’s wrong with the river. Girl whips her head around at Malorie-- “look?” Malorie steadies the boat with the oar. Slows down. 107. Birds SQUAWK and CAW in flight overhead.
84) 4) dialog: There are many rocks here, and the water is shallow in places. But we need to land before the waterfall.
84) 6) dialog: This time is different. We can’t miss the first landmark. The statue. Remember the steps?
84) 8) dialog: Good. Landmarks?
84) 11) dialog: That’s a good sign. It means everything’s all right. The row boat gently moves downstream. Overhead: The birds chatter, in migration. It’s a chorus of normalcy. The sound of the river rapids gets nearer.
84) 12) dialog: We're close. I am going to look now. Okay? Malorie grabs for her blindfold. Hooks a thumb underneath it. But a new sound gives her pause: The birds. They sound more aggressive. 108. The chatter becomes a psychotic symphony. CLOSE ON THE FLOCK in midair. They crash headlong into each other. They pick at their wings mid-flight. They attack one another. Beaks. Feathers. Blood. Drops of blood land on Malorie’s face. Around them: splashes. Everything is not all right. Birds dropping like feathered meteors. Boy and Girl tense up.
84) 15) dialog: We hit a rock. In the shoebox, their budgie begins CHIRPING. Girl stiffens in alarm. TIGHT ON her face:
84) 17) text: Malorie splashes in, toppled off the boat. BOY and GIRL drop in nearby, but travel faster underwater the current, their limbs wheeling for purchase-- Overhead, on the surface, the boat upends. Malorie reaches out for Boy as he passes by-- Her blindfold still around her face-- And then the water cavitates at Malorie’s leg and somethi SPLASHES in and grabs hold of her ankle-- But the foaming water and chaos is too much to get any so of distinct look at it-- is it a hand? A claw? It’s pale- Boy and Girl drift past, still carried by the water-- Malorie kicks hard-- gets free, goes up for air--
85) 3) dialog: Go! Find the statue! Boy leads Girl off the shore, reaching ahead still blindfolded, arm outstretched until it touches-- 110. A FIGURE towering over Boy. Made of stone. The Virgin Mary, eight feet tall. Boy touches it. Confirms it. Then he calls out to Malorie:
85) 5) dialog: Keep talking!
85) 8) dialog: I'm here, I’m here.
85) 10) dialog: You two follow the steps. Go. Now. Boy doesn’t need to be told twice. He grabs Girl and goes But Girl’s head still faces Malorie, asking:
85) 12) dialog: 
85) 20) dialog: Oh god--
85) 21) dialog: Hitting hard in the brook, clamping her eyes shut again. But this is just a little stream full of rocks. Her arm i cut and possibly broken by the fall. STAYING WITH MALORIE again as she gets up and climbs the other bank of the stream. Breathless. Trees bend and fall into frame behind her. Crashing. One comes down frightfully close to her. A hailstorm of leaves descend around her.
85) 22) dialog: Keep running!
85) 27) dialog: Running. Lost. Eyes squeezed shut. Bleeding from cuts. Favoring one leg. The monsters thunder behind her like a herd of buffalo. Then-- the inevitable. Malorie trips. Takes a hard spill on the ground.
85) 32) dialog: Stay. AWAY. She finds her strength again and rises. Clutching something in her fist. A knife. She raises it in threatening gesture--
85) 33) dialog: I’m not going to look at you. Then she turns the knife blade on herself. Holds its tip a centimeter from her eyelid.
85) 34) dialog: I’1l make sure of it. Beat. Remaining TIGHT on Malorie, glimpsing only briefly one of those things behind her, blurred, moving unlike anything lives in this reality. Sounds of movement, around her. She presses the blade to her lid. Piercing it enough to elicit a drop of blood. The monsters all retreat. As if they somehow know, as the did in the attic: She won’t look. With that, Malorie collapses again to the ground. PULLING BACK AND UP, revealing more of the world around Malorie. The creatures always just offscreen. Their shadows from the sun dance over her body, elongated distorted beyond accurate description as they retreat. 115.
86) 0) text: Peering out through the narrow opening in the door, over Rick’s shoulder. Malorie limps the final steps of the barbed-wire corridor drawn to Rick’s voice.
86) 4) dialog: Yes, you can look. She pulls at their blindfolds. Boy and Girl look around at all the people. And at the sk And the trees. 116. They want to look everywhere at once. Because they’ve nev seen any of it before. Rick crouches down beside them.
86) 8) dialog: No. (to Boy) Your name is Tom. (to Girl) And yours is Olympia. Boy and Girl look at Malorie with wonder. Girl gasps. Their faces light up like it’s Christmas morning.
86) 13) dialog: Yes. I’m their mother. FADE OUT. THE END.