29) 33) dialog: (muted) Nobody's answering. 38.
29) 35) dialog: Oh thank god. Hi? My name is Olympia. Can we come in?
29) 39) dialog: Okay.
29) 41) dialog: Okay? I think it’s up now. Tom opens the door just a crack and peers outside. Throug the narrow view of the front porch: A woman. Blonde, put together. Carrying a Hello Kitty tra bag full of clothes. A timid 30 going on Sweet 16. A scar hides her face. She pulls it up and blinks at Tom. OLYMPIA (CONT’D) Hi. Tom opens the door for her and she steps in. 39. OLYMPIA (CONT’D) Oh wow, there are a lot of you. She sets her bag down, revealing her round belly under he dress. She’s pregnant.
29) 43) dialog: Due September 20.
29) 46) dialog: My husband is in the Air Force, he was deployed last month, so I was staying at a friend’s down the block the day everybody started freaking out. She went out to get groceries, uh, that was two days ago. So I went outside, and-- Tom starts to shut the door when a HAND pushes back, keep the door open. In steps EDGAR: 60s, weathered and scarred, facial hair, war veteran’s thousand-yard stare. Dressed for mountain hiking. Wearing dark shades. He plants his feet next to Olympia and takes off his shad OLYMPIA (CONT’D) .»--and I ran into Edgar.
29) 67) dialog: Um. Do you have any food? Everyone returns to the immediate problem.
30) 13) dialog: I have to do this too? I was just out there.
30) 15) dialog: This isn’t right.
34) 1) dialog: So, are all of you, like, friends and family?
34) 3) dialog: That must be weird. 47. Cheryl chortles and nods like, “You have no idea.” Greg notices her peeking in drawers.
34) 9) dialog: No.
34) 11) dialog: Just that when you see one, you go crazy. So, they’re bad.
34) 13) dialog: I was hoping you guys had some information.
35) 0) text: The bed in this room tells a tale. One half is turned down sloppily. The other half is a shr Pillows under the covers suggest a body. Atop the bedspre Lydia’s nightgown has been draped. And on a pillow at the head rests a framed PHOTO of Lydia. Greg stands at a small TV on a dresser. Holding a remote. Donald, Cheryl, and Olympia are gathered at the door.
48) 0) text: Cheryl dusts with a dry cloth in the living room, listeni to Sinatra on the radio. Olympia watches her. Donald appl duct tape to the curtains in the living room. They’re all full of nervous energy.
48) 3) dialog: Is that...?
49) 0) text: The THUMPING is shockingly loud now. Accompanied by crash and breaking, as framed photos in the room topple off wal 61. Donald reaches the door and puts his hand on the knob, re to rush inside, but he stops. Steps back. Greg has stopped HOWLING by the time Cheryl and Olympia c up. Olympia doesn’t reach the top steps, reluctant to get close. Cheryl starts to panic:
54) 0) text: Malorie sits on the couch, drinking the water. Her attention drifts to the coffee table, where the landl phone sits alongside the Stonebridge phone book. She scoots the book toward her, flips through the pages. And then picks up the receiver. Holds it to her ear. Remarkably, there is still a dial tone. (This is probable only with old landline telephony. ) Malorie flips to the yellow pages section and finds a lis for the hospitals. She starts dialing. Behind her, over her shoulder, the open kitchen area. And farther still, the back door in the mud room. That area i unlit now, but the white of the back door stands out. And the door starts to open. Malorie doesn’t hear. She’s busy trying numbers. PRESSING IN on Malorie as she dials and listens for a wor number on the other end, edging out the view of the door the kitchen as something gets closer... Then that sound. That otherworldly, inhuman noise. Malorie’s whole body goes rigid with sudden fear. She snaps her eyes closed and leans down into the couch t try and hide. Her shallow breath is overtaken by the sound of rasping. Close on her face, eyes firmly shut, and then-- Two ragged FINGERS with wet, black talons on the ends rea in and press against her cheek and eyebrow. Malorie whimp in shock, tries to turn away from the contact, but then-- 66. The fingers spread, pulling her eyelid open, forcing her look directly at the thing-- Her pupil contracts in terror-- And for a singular frame we see: A wide-mouthed, pale, we FACE with bulging eyes like a deep-sea monster, then-- INT. MALORIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Malorie wakes up from the nightmare, breathless. Her hair is damp with sweat. It takes her a moment to calm down. Olympia snores softly in the neighboring bed. Malorie reaches for a glass on her nightstand. It’s empty
56) 0) text: Everyone’s awake now, sitting around the room: Malorie an Olympia, Lucy, Tom, Don, Cheryl, and Gary. Gary holds cou
59) 0) text: Malorie brushes her hair after a shower, prepping for bed Olympia enters with a glass of water.
59) 1) dialog: I’m going right back to bed. Olympia opens the medicine cabinet and grabs three pill bottles. Vitamin supplements. Pre-natal prescriptions. Malorie notices. Inspects a bottle, surprised.
59) 3) dialog: I had them on me. Malorie suddenly feels like the worst mother ever. She st combing out her hair and stares at her reflection a beat. Olympia jars her out of her silent shame-- OLYMPIA (CONT’D) I’m sorry.
59) 5) dialog: For coming over here. I hear what Don says about us. One pregnant woman was a problem, two is too much. I’m a burden.
59) 7) dialog: Yes I am. I’m so used to my husband handling things. He loves me so much... I got soft from all that love. Forgot how to do things. Now he’s out there, and maybe he’s flying jets but, I mean... Olympia tries really hard not to cry. It’s clear now, she feels like the unprepared one, and sees Malorie as better Malorie moves to comfort her. Takes Olympia’s hand in her
59) 9) dialog: If something happens to me, I want you to care for it. Okay?
59) 11) dialog: I don’t think that means much anymore.
60) 63) dialog: Oh. Oh no.
60) 65) dialog: That. That was a contraction.
64) 0) text: Malorie sits down next to Olympia and returns to holding hand. Olympia smiles through her cramps.
64) 1) dialog: Can we-- (breathes ) Can we do something distracting?
64) 3) dialog: Anything. Malorie looks around and her eyes land on the phone book, next to the phone. She gives the book to Olympia and puts the phone in her l 87.
64) 5) dialog: What is this?
64) 7) dialog: Bill Martinson. 980-1023. Malorie dials the number. Listens to it ring.
64) 9) dialog: Julie Marx. 761-8811. Malorie dials another number. Listens. Waits. Shakes her at Olympia. Olympia marks through the name, but winces at the end of dropping her marker. Her eyes go wide-- OLYMPIA (CONT’D) Malorie. It’s happening now.
64) 18) dialog: A belt?
66) 0) text: Malorie and Donald heft Olympia up the stairs to the atti She may be petite, but with the baby Olympia isn’t an eas carry. Donald tries being positive for once:
67) 0) text: Donald and Malorie bring Olympia to the hardwood floor he straining in one last heave to set her down gently. FLUID SPLASHES around Malorie’s feet. Her water broke. Her eyes go wide. Donald notices. Realizes.
70) 0) text: Olympia and Malorie lie on their backs on the floor, atop mattresses covered with beach towels. Both are sweaty, tr to control their breathing. A sheet covers Olympia’s lap, a throw covers Malorie’s. It’s raining, outside. Lightly. The rain tap-dances on th skylights above. There isn’t enough light to get a good s of the walls in the room. A lantern sits on a rolling table near the women. Curled by the lantern: TWO LEATHER BELTS, still with their Targe price tags stuck to the buckles. Malorie MOANS. And looks to Olympia. Olympia looks back. Scared.
70) 1) dialog: It’s happening. It’s really happening.
70) 4) dialog: What do I do, tell me what to do--
70) 6) dialog: Are you sure? He considers something. Tries to find the appropriate wor 92.
70) 8) dialog: (interrupting) No no! (breath) Okay yes, okay! Donald looks. Olympia squeezes her eyes shut.
73) 3) dialog: What is that? Felix stares at the attic door, behind Malorie. Unsure of what’s happening downstairs he placates them with:
73) 5) dialog: Is it out? Is it over? Something CRASHES heavily downstairs. And then the sharp, shrill SCREECH of someone’s voice. Another CRASH shakes the dust off the attic rafters.
73) 24) dialog: Mine is a girl! I had a girl. She's laughing as she cries, in hysterics.
73) 28) dialog: Tom? 98.
73) 31) dialog: You're not so bad... You're not so bad at all! (then) You wanna see my baby? Malorie closes her eyes and puts her hand over her boy’s face. She calls out to Olympia--