13) 4) dialog: Hey, hey. It’s okay. (beat) But we need to get inside.
13) 6) dialog: Right now. He holds out his hand. Malorie takes it. And they start to run. AHEAD: Another pack of people caught outside at the momen also start to run, searching for a destination. A surly MAN with a pedometer is among them. This Man is DONALD (mid-40s, former hipster). Donald is the perpetual critic who needs to be the smartest man in the room.
13) 11) text: She nearly does when TOM puts a hand over that side of he face and firmly grips her arm--
13) 12) dialog: No you’re not. Come on. He guides her for the house. From inside, Greg's voice ca heard, arguing. Tom and Malorie cross the threshold, into
14) 0) text: The house. The same one as in the opener. Tom closes the behind him. They’re the last ones in. Head count: eight or nine. Most of them catching their breath, pacing, two of them silently crying from the trau of witnessing two deaths up close. Malorie watches as: Donald pulls at the heavy curtains in the living room nea
14) 3) dialog: It’s not safe right now. Let’s just-- give it a while. Malorie backs away from the door. Outside, the horn still blares. Accompanied by a scream, suddenly cut off. And then a distant GUNSHOT. Malorie stares at the door the whole time. Crying in shoc some part of her aware her sister is dead. Trembling.
14) 19) dialog: Hey! Calm down. We can talk about this like adults, and we’re out of immediate danger. All right? We can figure this out. He says it with conviction, and in a moment gets the comm of the room. Malorie sees it happen, just like that-- the don’t listen to Donald like they do with Tom. She sees Do reacting to it, too. Quietly affronted by the turn of tid
14) 22) dialog: Hold on. Let’s stay put until the chaos dies down. What’s your name?
14) 24) dialog: This is your house?
14) 26) dialog: How many windows do you have on the back side of the house?
14) 31) dialog: You two: What are your names?
14) 34) dialog: Let’s go close some blinds. Try not to look outside if you can help it. And you--
29) 0) text: Tom nods at Greg as he approaches. Waiting for the answer 35.
29) 2) dialog: We did that already. And the two houses on either side.
29) 38) dialog: Wait, hang on. (through door) I’m going to open the door just a little and hand you a blanket. There are two porch lamps on either side of the door, you need to hang this on ‘em to block the view, okay?
29) 40) dialog: (to room) Look away. They obey, as Tom opens the door a crack and tosses the blanket outside, then closes it again. A moment later, after some shuffling outside:
29) 53) dialog: How do you expect us to get resupplied?
30) 0) text: A Scrabble boardgame sits on the coffee table and Tom sha a velvet bag in his hands. The contents click like plasti pieces rattling together. The rest of the group is gathered around Tom.
30) 1) dialog: We need to get enough supplies to last to September three. That’s all we gotta do. National Guard rescue day. I’1l volunteer to go but I figure we need at least four to make it quick and safe.
30) 3) dialog: That’s what the tiles are for. Draw a letter ‘E’ and you’re exempt. (MORE )
30) 5) dialog: But there are three ‘S’ tiles. Draw one of those, and you’re going shopping with me. All right?
30) 9) dialog: Go on. Cheryl reluctantly reaches in... Pulls out a tile. Reads Lets out a breath. It’s an ‘E’. Tom faces Donald next. Donald reaches in. Pulls out with hand in a fist. Opens his palm: another ‘E’ tile.
30) 11) dialog: You next.
30) 14) dialog: We're all in this together. Olympia looks from face to face, searching for sympathy. Finding none, she draws a tile. 43. In her palm: an ‘S’ tile.
30) 19) dialog: I don’t see why not.
30) 21) dialog: Just one more now. 3) Edgar throws a tile on the table and stomps off. 4) The tile on the table: another ‘E’. Exempt.
31) 0) text: ANGLE ON A CAR: A Cadillac. Upper-middle-class luxury. Bu American. The product of living close to Detroit. Tom climbs in. Others from the group spill into the garag trying to figure it out.
31) 2) dialog: It’s faster. Easy to stay together. And it’s safer.
31) 4) dialog: We're not blind.
32) 0) text: Tom's last flourish: taping over the tiny camera above th license plate on the back. Tom stands with his arms crossed, nodding at his work. Lucy, Malorie, Donald and Greg all stand with him. The Cadillac looks like a makeshift meth lab. Every window is blacked out with cardboard, tape, and lin Lucy checks it out more closely.
33) 0) text: Still idling in the garage, driver door ajar. Tom sits at the wheel. Malorie sits shotgun. In back: Luc and Felix. Lucy carries a golf club with her, and Felix h armed himself with a hand-axe. Greg hands Tom a sticky note from outside Tom’s door.
33) 2) dialog: Will do.
33) 4) dialog: Already in the system. Now get inside, and I’1l raise the door.
33) 7) dialog: What do you have there? She holds it out for him.
33) 9) dialog: Malorie-- 46.
33) 11) dialog: Hey, hey. He takes her hand with the note and closes her fingers ov it. Tom isn’t taking the address. He’s having her keep it But he’s being tender with her about it.
33) 12) dialog: I get it. I do. We all want to know about someone. But we have to get used to not knowing. Or else we won't make it. Okay? Malorie takes a ragged breath and nods. Tom reaches up and presses a button on a remote. Click! The group listens to the sound of the garage door opening Tom touches the navigation screen.
36) 0) text: The GPS screen flickers, points Tom straight ahead. 50. Tom drives. Malorie watches the map closely. The arrow. The map goes away, replaced with a diagram of the car, al flashing at the front right bumper.
36) 2) dialog: Proximity sensor. Tom steers around it.
36) 5) dialog: Don’t think about it. From the back seat:
36) 8) dialog: There’s something, I don’t know, probably a truck...
36) 11) dialog: Shh-- Beep-beep-beep-beep. The front end of the Cadillac sinks. Metal warps. A heavy weight advances along the car.
36) 13) dialog: Don’t look back! Tom puts the car into gear. And he drives straight ahead. Alerts be damned. Sunlight pours in from the partly caved-in window-- The side-view mirror bashes something. Tom keeps going. He pops a curb. The car lurches.
36) 19) dialog: Now... we just have to go outside. Tom brings up a blindfold. Ties it. Malorie covers her eyes with a sleep mask. In back, Lucy dons a ‘do-rag for a blindfold. Felix puts his motorcycle helmet, its visor painted black. The four sit there with their hands on the doors. No one wants to step out first.
37) 0) text: Some lights are still on. But the place is eerily quiet. Tom, Malorie, Felix, and Lucy enter the store.
37) 1) dialog: Shut the door behind us. Lucy and Malorie work together to slide the doors shut, w are papered with ads for some sale, covering any view of parking lot outside.
37) 3) dialog: Shh... Tom listens intently. Quiet is the reply.
37) 4) dialog: I’m taking off my blindfold. He peels it off, blinks, and adjusts to the dimly-lit sto
37) 6) dialog: Form a chain together and follow. But keep your eyes covered. Tom grabs Felix by the hand. Felix reaches for Lucy, who turn grabs hold of Malorie. MOVING WITH TOM as he checks down every aisle, one at a t 54. Emergency lighting casts the warehouse-sized store in red amber. A handful of carts have been abandoned in aisles b otherwise the store shows no signs of disaster. Tom reaches the end, and his muscles relax.
37) 7) dialog: We're clear. The others take off their blinders and look around.
37) 9) dialog: Everybody grab a cart.
38) 0) text: Felix grabs potato chip bags by the fistful. He tears one open and starts snacking. From somewhere else in the stor Tom calls out:
38) 1) dialog: Stick to non-perishables. We need food that will last.
39) 1) dialog: Avoid bulky items. Remember we gotta pack this into the trunk. Lucy looks over at her cart: full of energy drinks and be
40) 0) text: Tom marvels at the deodorants, shampoos and soaps. Grins.
40) 1) dialog: I’m gonna be a hero.
43) 0) text: Malorie picks up a pack of sealed lunchmeats. Sniffs it. A shopping cart rolls into view behind her. Tom.
43) 1) dialog: Anything still good?
43) 3) dialog: Thought you might like this. He hands her a gift bag, complete with hastily-stuffed ti paper and a bow. And also still sporting the price code.
43) 5) dialog: A baby shower gift. Malorie smiles and digs into the bag. Pulls out a classic baby’s pacifier. She’s happy. A small thing with a big gesture behind it.
43) 7) dialog: No doubt you and your husband already have one back home. Malorie tilts her head. Is he fishing? 56.
43) 9) dialog: Well. I bet he’s gotta be really inconvenienced by how the world has gone to hell now. He grins at her. Malorie laughs. Nods. Then the distant sounds of someone loading their cart pulls Tom back to:
43) 10) dialog: (checking list) Can you go and grab some batteries? The flashlights take double A. I’m gonna grab some clothes for people.
47) 0) text: Four loaded shopping carts converge at the back by the de Tom, Malorie, and Lucy get to Felix.
47) 2) dialog: Inside where? More POUNDING. Nearby. Felix points-- 58. Tom shines his light past a cleared-out butcher’s counter The walk-in freezer door. Its HANDLE VIBRATES as somethin pounds from inside. Tom moves around the counter for the door.
47) 5) dialog: Hello? The voice speaks again but it’s too muffled. Tom leans in closer. Puts a hand on the door.
47) 6) dialog: Who's in there?
47) 9) dialog: He’s trapped inside.
47) 11) dialog: I don’t know how to do that. He grips the handle. Lucy and Felix join him. Malorie stays by the carts.
47) 13) dialog: All right. The POUNDING resumes. Tom slides the lock back and turns handle... He opens the metal door an inch... 59. And he leans his face to the edge but doesn’t look inside
47) 14) dialog: How'd you get locked in? Bloody fingers grip the door. Someone wheezes.
47) 17) dialog: (to Man) Calm down, tricked you?
47) 20) dialog: Keep moving.
51) 0) text: The garage door lowers behind the Cadillac as it pulls in The door reaches the ground... and then Tom and the other climb out of the beat-up car. Malorie takes the bird cage out on her side and makes eye contact with Tom on the driver’s side. She notices his attention to the car.
51) 2) dialog: It has feet. And it’s heavy. (to others) Two things we didn’t know before. Cheryl enters, pale and trembling.
51) 3) text: Something happened to Greg. Tom frowns and leaves. Lucy and Cheryl follow. A can of yellow corn rolls to Malorie’s foot. She picks i and stares at it.
56) 0) text: Everyone’s awake now, sitting around the room: Malorie an Olympia, Lucy, Tom, Don, Cheryl, and Gary. Gary holds cou
56) 2) dialog: How’d that work out for them. Gary shakes his head.
58) 2) dialog: You know it was Carl, and not any of your brother's friends?
58) 7) dialog: What?
58) 9) dialog: About what? 71.
58) 11) dialog: No.
58) 13) dialog: He’s been here for weeks without incident. He’s harmless.
60) 54) dialog: What happened? Felix finds a dry humor way to it, trying to cope:
60) 58) dialog: A day. Maybe less. The room erupts into ARGUING, voices overlapping--
60) 59) dialog: --not even with meal --can’t point fingers now-- assignments--
60) 68) dialog: We need to make another run, right now. For fuel and any medical supplies to help with childbirth. I’1l volunteer. I need three more. 81. Tom grabs the Scrabble pouch and holds it out. Everyone looks at the bag with dread.
60) 72) dialog: All right, so us four.
60) 74) dialog: I have a new plan. 2) Tom holds open a shoebox with holes cut in the sides. gingerly takes a budgie from the cage and transfers it.
60) 75) dialog: We find a manhole cover and take to the tunnels. If they’re clear, it gives us direct routes into town. 3) Felix tries on his motorcycle helmet. Waves his hand i front of his visor.
60) 76) dialog: Then we find our access points to gas stations. Grocery stores. Hospitals. We stock up. 4) Cheryl stands in the bathroom, staving off a panic att
60) 77) dialog: And we return home the same way. 82.
61) 6) dialog: What are you on about this time? Donald speaks quickly with clenched teeth:
61) 8) dialog: What’s your solution? Go on.
61) 10) dialog: Is that what this is about? Being leader? Fine, take it. It’s yours. Go tell everybody your plan. Donald balks at this. Starts to retort but doesn’t have a ready comeback. Tom slaps him on the shoulder.
61) 11) dialog: All right, then how about you try to think in terms of group survival versus just your own. Okay? Tom leaves Donald to stew his own fear of leadership.
62) 0) text: At the back door, Tom is first to arrive at the mud room the supply run. Malorie approaches and hugs Tom. He hugs back. But she doesn’t let go. Into his ear:
62) 2) dialog: I'll take it.
62) 4) dialog: You really wanna know? (then, grinning) Optometrist. There goes my career. Malorie laughs. Nearly snorts. A genuine surprised laugh. It's infectious, and gets Tom giggling.
62) 6) dialog: And you? What did you do?
62) 8) dialog: A mom?
62) 10) dialog: I don’t think you give yourself enough credit. You’re a survivor, and survivors make good parents. (grins) Wouldn’t I make a good father? Malorie looks up at Tom. Wondering if he’s asking what sh thinks he is. She starts to reply, when Tom looks past he
62) 11) dialog: Gary? Malorie looks back to find Gary standing nearby. Felix, L and Cheryl all arrive behind him.
62) 13) dialog: We could use one more. 85.
62) 15) dialog: Well. You don’t have to--
62) 20) dialog: All right, let’s go. Gary, get something for your eyes. (at Malorie) We'll be back in a couple hours. Malorie nods. The others gather at the back door. Lucy looks back at Felix, eyebrow arched.
63) 0) text: Malorie stays by the door, listening to Tom's voice leadi the group away.
71) 3) dialog: Tom! It’s Tom! Let me in! Something with the sound of his voice... it’s not like we heard Tom before. Ragged. Raspy. Donald starts for the door, but stops. Just like he did i front of Greg’s bedroom door.
71) 5) dialog: Because you’re an asshole! Beat. Donald nods -- yeah, that’s Tom. He reaches up to a shelf over the water-well whiteboard-- And grabs a SHOTGUN.
71) 8) dialog: You let Gary back inside? The shotgun barrel lifts away... And now Donald is tense with a new fear.
72) 1) dialog: (from back of house)
73) 14) dialog: Gary has pulled down the curtains! Malorie recognizes Tom’s voice and wants to get up right and go to him. But she can’t move from her bed.
73) 16) dialog: The babies are coming now? Malorie holds out her hand, and Tom goes to her side, gripping it.
73) 18) dialog: Hey hey hey, shh, look at me. You're fine. You’re going to make it. Okay? And right now I have to go back down and stop Gary before one of those things comes in. Malorie tightens her grip on his hand.
73) 20) dialog: I won’t let them hurt you. And then he leaves, shutting the door behind him. Malorie, in tears, shakes her head and calls Tom’s name, her voice is drowned out by Olympia crying out, and then- 97. A newborn infant’s cry. She’s had her baby.