12) 16) dialog: Like the Roman gladiators. Greg and Rowley notice that ANGIE STEADMAN, an intense gi dressed all in black, has fallen in next to them.
12) 17) dialog: Gladiators were actually slaves that were forced to fight to the death just for people’s entertainment.
12) 21) dialog: I’m glad somebody around here finally sees the parallel. (then) I’m Angie. This is my second year, and I’m telling you, middle school is nothing but a bad joke. Through the following, Greg gets increasingly annoyed by Rowley’s attention to Angie.
12) 22) dialog: And the crazy thing is, all the adults know it, but they keep it to themselves. I mean, you hear them talk all the time about how fun high school was and how cute they were in elementary school. But you never, ever hear them saying they wish they could be back in middle school. They never mention it at all.
35) 0) text: Greg and Rowley examine the Activity Board that is posted a cork wall. There’s a heading for each activity (Key Clu Swim Team, etc.) with a sign-up sheet underneath. Angie walks up behind them and listens.
35) 5) dialog: Why do you want to be a Class Favorite? Startled, Greg turns around to her.
35) 7) dialog: Yeah, you did.
35) 10) dialog: Okay. Well, you should sign up for the school paper. We're the voice of the people -- well, the people are mostly idiots, so I guess technically we're the voice of the people making fun of the people.
35) 12) dialog: Ohh. You’re the people. Got it. Angie walks off as PATTY FARRELL, a tall and aggressive g muscles Greg and Rowley out of the way.
77) 5) dialog: You might want to ease up a little, Heffley.
77) 7) dialog: I mean, it’s just Safety Patrol. In middle school. It’s the lowest of the low. (CONTINUED)
77) 12) dialog: Actually, it’s the lowest of the lowest of the low. Greg glares at her.
86) 2) dialog: I'd ask you to join me, but this table’s for people on the paper, not in the paper. Greg sighs and heads in the other direction, back to his usual place. He stops when sees Fregley is sitting in Rowley’s old seat. But Greg really has no place else to g He glumly sits.
99) 5) dialog: Hey, Rowley, congratulations.
99) 7) dialog: You deserve it. I read all the submissions and yours was definitely the best. (to Greg) I read yours, too. (CONTINUED)
109) 0) text: Kids are hanging out in the snowy front yard before the f bell. Greg watches Rowley who is deep in conversation wit Angie.
125) 21) dialog: Yeah! Susan is mortified. Rodrick is filming madly, trying to catch all the action. A nearby dad, who thinks he’s funny (FUNNY DAD) leans over to Frank.
135) 33) dialog: See you later, Heffley. She goes inside. Greg crosses to Rowley. They stand and look at each other Then:
141) 0) text: SUPER: “June. Friday.” Greg, Rowley, and Angie are having lunch at their own tab PATTY APROACHES, HANDING OUT YEARBOOKS. She gives one to Angie.
141) 2) dialog: (gently) One day, Patty, middle school will end and become high school. And after that, it just becomes life. And all the things you think are important now, won’t be anymore.