12) 30) dialog: Stop! Alarmed, Greg and Rowley turn to see Chirag run up, battl wounded and out of breath.
12) 32) dialog: You almost got the Cheese Touch.
12) 34) dialog: A long time ago -- no one knows how long -- that cheese just appeared on the blacktop. No one ever threw it away, and so there it sat, growing more foul by the day. Then one day, a kid -- some say his name was Bernard -- made the biggest mistake of his life.
13) 2) dialog: From that day on, Bernard had the Cheese Touch. END FLASHBACK. 26 27 28 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 15.
14) 0) text: Chirag continues his tale...
14) 1) dialog: No one would go near Bernard because if they touched him, they would get the Cheese Touch. Bernard became an outcast. Until, that is, he was able to pass the Cheese Touch onto an unsuspecting foreign exchange student.
15) 3) dialog: And so it went, from student to student, from year to year. As Chirag speaks, we see a ROGUE’S GALLERY OF CHEESE TOUC VICTIMS through the years. Most are boys, but some are unhappy looking girls. END FLASHBACK.
16) 0) text: As Greg and Rowley listen to Chirag...
16) 1) dialog: The reign of terror ended when Abe Hall got it five years ago. He moved to California and took the Cheese Touch with him.
18) 0) text: Chirag looks at them dolefully.
18) 1) dialog: And so today, the cheese sits, patiently waiting for a new victim.
18) 3) dialog: This is a terrible place. Greg and Rowley look at the cheese. When they look up, CHIRAG IS GONE. Coach Malone blows his whistle, signallin the end of P.E.
88) 6) dialog: Hey Gregory, want to sign the card?
88) 8) dialog: What? No. It’s for Bryan Little, you know the guy who does that Wacky Dawg cartoon for the school paper? He has mono and he’s going to be out for three months. Greg notices that a bunch of kids are gathered around the teacher’s desk signing a big posterboard card. The card h a drawing of a dog with a sad face and says “We’re going miss you, Wacky Dawg.”
88) 10) dialog: They're having tryouts. But the important thing is that Bryan get better.
125) 0) text: Patty as Dorothy and Chirag as her dog Toto are mid-scene (CONTINUED)
125) 9) dialog: (as Toto) Bow wow. Patty and Chirag exit to the wings. Mrs. Norton, sitting the side of the stage, plays the opening bars of “We Thre Trees.” The trees start to sing.