11) 0) text: Greg, Rowley and the rest of the P.E. class wear gym clot Alarmed, Greg watches the large MUSCLED KID next to him s a ball from one hand to the other as COACH MALONE talks. (CONTINUED)
11) 3) dialog: Today you're going to learn how to play dodgeball right. First off, no aiming for the head.
11) 5) dialog: Nothing. Okay now, listen up, when I blow the whistle that means... Coach Malone continues to talk as...
12) 2) dialog: Okay, well...just go sit over there. He points to the edge of the sport court. Rowley watches Greg go and raises his hand.
12) 4) dialog: Do you have an inhaler? (CONTINUED)
12) 8) dialog: An inhaler.
12) 10) dialog: Where’s your inhaler?
12) 12) dialog: (sighs) Go sit next to the other guy. Rowley runs off and catches up to Greg. As they walk...
38) 5) dialog: Okay gang, this is known as a clinch. Greg winces; this isn’t what he signed up for. He raises hand. COACH MALONE (CONT’D) What is it, Heart Murmur?
38) 7) dialog: Pile Drivers and Body Slams are TV wrestling. It’s fake. Kind of like your heart murmur. 59 60 61 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 30. INT. GYM — DAY 59 The kids are lined up in three groups in front of three m We can’t tell who’s in what group because of camera angle
38) 8) dialog: Okay, we've divided you up into weight classes. (points at group of big kids) Rottweilers, you’re on mat one... (points at Rowley’s medium group) Bulldogs, you’re on mat two... Reveal Greg and Fregley in their own group of two. COACH MALONE (CONT’D) And Chihuahuas. Let’s see you two try a clinch. Greg looks at Fregley who whistle-breathes with excitemen
41) 0) text: Wrestling practice. Greg steps onto the mat and faces Fregley. This time he’s determined he’s going to show thi kid who’s boss. Coach Malone blows the whistle. Greg and Fregley circle each other. Then Fregley charges Greg, kno him to the ground and pins him.
41) 1) dialog: (to Greg) Keep at it, you’ll get ‘em next week.
42) 0) text: On the mat. Fregley immediately pins Greg. Coach Malone blows the whistle.
42) 1) dialog: (to Greg) That's okay, next week is your week.
43) 4) dialog: Yeah, I got nothin’.
58) 11) dialog: Congratulations, Heffley, you moved up to Bulldogs. And here’s your new wrestling partner. Coach Malone points off. Greg looks to see Patty Farrell a singlet striding toward the mats.
58) 14) dialog: Her parents threatened to sue.
59) 8) dialog: Yeah, I don’t blame you.
119) 0) text: A bunch of kids are gathered in the audience seats. A gro of six kids, including Greg and Patty Farrell, are groupe around the piano on the stage. The drama teacher, MRS. NORTON, sits at the piano. Coach Malone, clearly assigned against his will, is there to assist.
119) 6) dialog: Well, if girls can wrestle I guess anything goes around here. Greg overhears this. So do some of the other kids, and th start laughing.
135) 20) dialog: Hey! What are you doing on school property? The teens, Greg, and Rowley turn to see Coach Malone runn toward the sport court. Behind him, the kids from before trickle out of the school and cautiously begin to follow. Greg turns quickly to Rowley who is so traumatized by eat the cheese he seems to be having an out-of-body experienc COACH MALONE (CONT’D) Pete Hosey is that you? THE TEENS RUN TO THEIR TRUCK, JUMP IN AND PEEL OUT. With satisfied nod, Coach Malone hitches up his shorts and hea back inside. The rest of the kids regather around Greg an Rowley, including Angie.
137) 0) text: Greg stands with Coach Malone. Nearby are a bunch of kids cowboy hats and vests.
137) 1) dialog: Since nobody’1l hold your hand, I guess you’re excused from square dancing.