0) 2) dialog: (half asleep) What? Rodrick shakes Greg awake.
0) 4) dialog: (fighting him off) Quit it, Rodrick! Why are you -- what am I late for?
1) 0) text: Greg, now dressed and ready for school, eats cereal and r the comics with bleary eyes. He turns the kitchen TV on t AN INFOMERCIAL FOR A JUICER. He changes the channel, it’s INFOMERCIAL FOR BUYING FORECLOSURES. He keeps changing channels -- it’s all infomercials. Something’s not right. (CONTINUED)
1) 4) dialog: Getting ready for my first day of middle... Greg trails off as he looks out a window. IT’S DARK.
2) 0) text: From across the street we see the Greg’s house in the dar An owl perches on a tree limb in the foreground.
3) 0) text: On Greg and Frank.
3) 1) dialog: .-.school.
3) 4) dialog: It was Rodrick! DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 3. INT. RODRICK’S ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER They all stand in the doorway and look at Rodrick, sound asleep BUT NOW IN HIS PAJAMAS, snoring softly in his bed.
3) 5) dialog: But he --
3) 9) dialog: Okay, first of all, let me get something straight: this is a JOURNAL, not a diary. (beat) Right, I know what it says on the cover, but when mom went out to buy this thing I TOLD her not to get me a book that said “diary” on it. This just proves Mom doesn’t know anything. If I walk into my first day of middle school carrying this book around, I might as well be wearing a sign that says “punch me”! INSERT SHOT: The cartoon drawing FROM THE BOOK of THE BUL DISCOVERING GREG'S DIARY. The drawing becomes animated: t Bully punches Greg, sending him and the “diary” flying.
3) 11) dialog: The only reason I agreed to write in this thing is because one day when I’m rich and famous I’1l have better things to do than answer peoples’ stupid questions all day long, and this book is gonna come in handy. INSERT SHOT: The cartoon drawing FROM THE BOOK of Greg at press conference. The drawing becomes animated as reporte shout questions at Greg.
3) 14) dialog: Here's my journal. Now shoo, shoo. BACK TO GREG addressing the camera. 11
3) 15) dialog: I actually should have started keeping a diary -- I mean journal! -- years ago. Now there’s gonna be this big gap from birth to middle school. (beat) Anyway, I think future generations will be glad I kept a record of this time in my life, but the truth is when they make a movie or a TV mini-series about me, they’1ll probably just skip over the middle school years and go right to the part where I’m famous. (beat) Seriously, who’s gonna want to see a movie about a guy who’s stuck in middle school with a bunch of half- grown morons? He tosses the book on a nearby side table. ZOOM IN TIGHT THE BOOK AND HOLD.
4) 0) text: Greg, Rodrick, Manny, and Susan eat breakfast. Rodrick is working on a pile of flyers for his band Loded Diaper. Th flyers feature a picture of Rodrick and his bandmates holding instruments and trying their hardest not to look like suburban teenagers. Rodrick is adding devil horns to the “L” in Loded and chuckling.
4) 1) dialog: Mom's always saying I need to gain weight. But if you had to eat with my family, you wouldn’t have much of an appetite either. Pan around the table -- Susan picks her teeth, Rodrick ch his nails. Settle on Manny, who eats his cereal while sitting on a small training potty. Frank passes through o his way out to work, looks at Manny.
4) 9) dialog: (shrugs ) Nah.
4) 13) dialog: No way.
4) 20) dialog: He did that on purpose! I’m not cleaning it up.
5) 0) text: Greg, bored, perches on the vanity and watches Manny sit the toilet.
5) 1) dialog: Don’t look down, Manny. The Potty Monster doesn’t like it when you look at him. Manny slowly looks down into the potty --
5) 2) dialog: (covers his mouth) Rrrhaaaaaarrrrrr! MANNY SCREAMS, jumps off the potty and runs out. END FLASHBACK.
6) 0) text: Greg chuckles to himself at the memory. Susan looks at hi sternly. Greg gets to work and unhappily dumps out the po into the sink. INT. SUSAN’S CAR - MORNING 16 SUPER: “First Day of School.” Susan stops in front of Whitmore Middle School in her old Honda. Greg looks out the window at students streaming inside. We see Susan wants badly for Greg to do okay here
6) 2) dialog: No thanks. A beat; Greg just sits there. (CONTINUED)
6) 6) dialog: Yeah. He doesn’t move.
6) 8) dialog: No. Greg hops out. Susan watches him head toward the school.
7) 0) text: It’s quiet as Greg nears the large metal front door. The school looks idyllic and nonthreatening. Next to the door a cartoon poster of a character named “Wacky Dawg” welcom new students.
7) 1) dialog: Everybody's always saying how middle school is such a big deal. But to be honest with you, I wasn’t really sweating it all that much. He opens the door and is BLASTED BY A WALL OF NOISE.
8) 0) text: Greg stands in the hallway. All around him is mayhem; it’ loud and packed with kids roughhousing and jostling and shrieking. Greg begins to walk down the hall.
8) 1) dialog: Okay, so I admit middle school was way different than what I was expecting. I mean, you got kids like me who haven't hit their growth spurt yet mixed in with these gorillas who need to shave twice a day. GREG'S POV: EXTREME CLOSE-UPS of one big kid’s BUSHY UPPE LIP FACIAL HAIR; another big kid’s FREAKISHLY HAIRY AND MUSCLED FOREARM; another big kid’s shirt open at the neck reveal A TUFT OF YET MORE HAIR.
8) 2) dialog: And not just their faces. (CONTINUED)
8) 6) dialog: Hey... Greg squints at him, puzzled; he has no idea who it is.
8) 7) dialog: ..-fella.
8) 8) dialog: Half of these kids were in my school last year, but I could hardly recognize them.
8) 11) dialog: Okay, so there were still a few normal looking people like me, but trust me, we were in the minority.
9) 0) text: Greg continues to move through the hall, three older guys approach him. The BIGGEST GUY steps in his path.
9) 2) dialog: Yeah.
10) 0) text: Greg rubs his arm at his homeroom desk as ROWLEY JEFFERSO enters behind a couple of other kids. Only his face is visible at this point.
10) 1) dialog: (calls) Hey, Rowley.
10) 2) dialog: Rowley Jefferson is my best friend. The two other kids part and we get our first good look at Rowley. The word for Rowley is “thick”. His head, neck, torso, and legs sit atop one another like a stack of bloc He has a heartbreakingly open, honest, sweet face. HE IS ALSO WEARING A BRIGHTLY COLORED SERAPE. Greg cringes when sees Rowley’s nerdy outerwear.
10) 3) dialog: But that’s definitely subject to change. Rowley sees Greg and becomes excited, waving frantically.
10) 5) dialog: What are you wearing?
11) 0) text: Greg, Rowley and the rest of the P.E. class wear gym clot Alarmed, Greg watches the large MUSCLED KID next to him s a ball from one hand to the other as COACH MALONE talks. (CONTINUED)
11) 6) dialog: Don’t ask me what genius came up with the idea of dodgeball. My parents spent a lot of money on my braces so I’m pretty sure they didn’t want me to get my teeth rearranged by some moron chucking a rubber ball at ninety miles an hour.
12) 0) text: Greg’s hand shoots up.
12) 1) dialog: Uh, I have a heart murmur. My doctor says I can’t play dodgeball.
12) 13) dialog: The people running this place are trying to kill us. Maybe this is how they’re gonna fix overcrowding in schools.
12) 15) dialog: I’m not scared, I’m walking away to make a point. This is just barbaric.
12) 24) dialog: (to Angie) I think the girls are supposed to be over there. As they move off...
12) 25) dialog: Rowley, you gotta stay away from the nutsos. We’re projecting an image here, it’s a very delicate time. They continue toward an empty spot on the blacktop, looki over their shoulders at the dodgeball game. They watch CHIRAG GUPTA, a little Indian boy, get nailed by four bal at once. Greg turns away just in time to see AN OLD GROSS SLICE OF CHEESE right in front of them.
12) 26) dialog: Whoa. Check it out.
12) 31) dialog: What, Chirag?
12) 33) dialog: The what? Chirag takes a deep breath, and then begins speaking almo mystically...
16) 0) text: As Greg and Rowley listen to Chirag...
18) 2) dialog: (blown away) Wow.
18) 5) dialog: Geez, Rowley!
19) 0) text: The cafeteria is just as loud and untamed as the rest of school -- there’s yelling, pushing, maybe some food flyin places. Greg and Rowley move through the lunch line, push their trays.
19) 1) dialog: By the way, second floor bathroom? No stall doors. I learned that the hard way.
19) 5) dialog: Yeah, well, worse than them seeing you is you seeing them. Trust me, you don’t want to lock eyes with some strange guy sitting on a toilet. It’s a weird feeling. Rowley shudders. The lunch lady hands Greg a plate of yellow, lumpy goop (chicken a la king). He and Rowley hea toward the table area. They see a few empty seats at a table of kids. Greg start to put his tray down.
19) 7) dialog: For who?
20) 0) text: Greg decides to try his luck with some shaggy looking skateboard kids. He crosses to their table, but they take one look at him and Rowley:
21) 0) text: Greg and Rowley approach a table full of girls.
22) 0) text: Greg and Rowley have found a couple of lonely chairs in t corner and awkwardly try to eat with their lunch trays on their laps. FREGLEY, a thin hyper kid who breathes throug his teeth in a way that often makes a whistling sound, approaches with a lunch tray.
22) 2) dialog: No thanks, Fregley. Fregley sits down on the floor next to them. Greg tries t cut his chicken, but without a table it’s hard to do and chicken goes flying off of his plate and plops on the flo near Fregley. They all look at it.
23) 0) text: Kids stream out at the end of the school day. Greg and Rowley are mid-pack.
23) 1) dialog: Okay, the first day wasn’t great, but at least I got out with my dignity. Or so I thought.
23) 8) dialog: I don’t know. I don’t even know that guy.
23) 11) dialog: This was hard to take, because in twenty years all these mouth-breathers would be working for me.
24) 0) text: It’s Greg, the same actor, but with a mustache and wearin short sleeve dress shirt with a tie. He holds a clipboard and watches Quentin, Joe, and Arthur (also with mustaches struggle mightily to put a heavy crate on a high shelf.
24) 2) dialog: That’s a shame. Because now I need you to take it back down, and after that I’m going to need you to put it back up there.
24) 4) dialog: Chop chop!
25) 0) text: A WHOLE CROWD OF KIDS are now gathered around Greg and Ro as Quentin finishes gleefully repeating the story for newcomers. (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: Thanks a lot, Rowley.
25) 6) dialog: We're in middle school now. Nobody plays anymore, they hang out.
25) 8) dialog: The difference is we can’t act like kids anymore.
25) 10) dialog: Rowley. A Big Wheel?
27) 0) text: Greg and Rowley sit on the floor and play a racing video game. Manny sits on his tiny potty next to them and watch Rowley is engrossed in the game, but Greg is clearly distracted. (CONTINUED)
27) 3) dialog: When we got home I tried to unwind, but I couldn’t stop thinking about school. And I’m worried about Rowley. He’1l never be able to figure out how to make it through that place. He lacks nuance. I mean, you can beat him at a video game just by naming your car something ridiculous. On the TV, Greg’s car passes Rowley’s.
27) 7) dialog: Rowley, you need to focus. Our first day sucked.
27) 9) dialog: We’re nobodies at school. I don’t know about you, but I never envisioned myself as the guy who has to eat lunch off his lap. That is okay for Fregley but not me.
27) 11) dialog: That would be good advice if you were somebody else.
28) 0) text: Greg opens the front door to Rowley, who consults a book ("How to Make Friends in New Places with Jokes”).
28) 2) dialog: Huh?
28) 4) dialog: Excuse me?
28) 6) dialog: Say what? END FLASHBACK. INT. HEFFLEY LIVING ROOM —- CONTINUOUS 4l Greg gives Rowley a sideways look. Rowley gets an idea an looks excited. Manny looks excited, too.
28) 8) dialog: That book is not your friend. No book is going to help us. A beat while Rowley and Greg think. Rowley screws up his face in concentration and stares at the ceiling. Manny imitates him. Greg gets an idea.
28) 9) dialog: We need to get into Rodrick’s room.
29) 0) text: LOUD TERRIBLE MUSIC. Greg and Rowley peek around the corn to see Rodrick play the drums as he rehearses with his cr band. They wince at the noise. INT. RODRICK’S ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 43 Rodrick’s room is a mess. Posters indicate he’s really in Nine Inch Nails, Tool, and Slipknot. Rowley watches the d nervously as Greg, on his hands and knees, tosses aside j from underneath Rodrick’s bed. A half-eaten candy bar; a ouija board; and A GLOSSY MAGAZINE ENTITLED “MOTO MAMAS”, cover of which features a very buxom model in a thong bik draped promiscuously over a motorcycle. Rowley eyes widen he looks at the magazine.
29) 2) dialog: Rodrick’s middle school yearbook. He quickly pages through, finds what he’s looking for.
29) 3) dialog: Right here, Class Favorites. The best in the class. These people are famous. And I guarantee you they always get an actual table at lunch. As Greg looks through the Class Favorites, we go CLOSE ON PICTURES.
29) 5) dialog: This was it. If you can get yourself voted onto the Class Favorites page, you're practically an immortal. Even if you don’t live up to what you get picked for, it doesn’t really matter because it’s on permanent record. Settle on the photo of the “Most Popular” guy, BILL WATSO (CONTINUED)
29) 8) dialog: People still treat Bill Watson like he’s something special even though he dropped out of high school and works at the Food Barn.
30) 0) text: Greg and Susan are at the grocery store checkout behind T HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS. An older-looking Bill Watson is the bagger. The girls eye Bill and giggle.
30) 3) dialog: This is where I need to be. Most Popular, Best Dressed, Class Clown...they should just give that to me right now. I’m hilarious. Rowley notices the picture of the “Cutest Couple”.
30) 5) dialog: You're kidding, right? THE DOOR FLIES OPEN. IT’S RODRICK.
31) 0) text: With Rodrick right on his tail, Greg squeaks into his roo He shuts and locks the door behind him, leaving an enrage Rodrick in the hall.
32) 2) dialog: Rodrick, time out, I have to pee.
32) 5) dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!! Startled, Greg jumps and twists and WE HEAR THE SOUND OF SPLASHING EVERYWHERE.
33) 0) text: Greg scrubs the bathroom floor around the toilet. Susan stands over him.
35) 0) text: Greg and Rowley examine the Activity Board that is posted a cork wall. There’s a heading for each activity (Key Clu Swim Team, etc.) with a sign-up sheet underneath. Angie walks up behind them and listens.
35) 2) dialog: I know, but if I’m gonna be a Class Favorite I have to make a name for myself. (CONTINUED)
35) 6) dialog: I didn’t say that.
35) 8) dialog: No, I...what probably happened is somebody yelled it over there and the sound bounced off this wall behind me so it sounded like I said it.
35) 11) dialog: Thanks, but I can’t be on the paper because I’m going to be in the paper a lot, so that would be a conflict of interest. Angie realizes Greg is not the fellow iconoclast she thou he was.
35) 16) dialog: Patty. Patty haughtily turns to the activity board, signs up for something, and crosses off.
35) 17) dialog: Man, if I knew Patty Farrell was going to Whitmore, I’d have begged Mom and Dad to send me to private school. She's been a problem since kindergarten.
36) 0) text: Greg and Patty sit with the rest of the class in front of their KINDERGARTEN TEACHER.
37) 0) text: Fuming, Greg watches Patty sashay down the hall.
37) 2) dialog: What? Greg looks at the activity board and locks onto the words “Boys Wrestling”.
38) 0) text: SHOT IN BLACK AND WHITE -- RAGING BULL STYLE. Flashbulbs popping, crowds of kids screaming around the ring. Greg, a flamboyant pro wrestling costume, finishes off a large Hogan-type opponent. A REFEREE raises Greg’s hand in victory.
38) 6) dialog: When are we going to learn Pile Drivers and Body Slams?
39) 0) text: Greg and Fregley face off on the mat.
39) 1) dialog: I couldn't believe they were making me wrestle a little guy like Fregley. I just hoped I didn’t hurt him too bad. Coach Malone blows the whistle. Greg and Fregley go into clinch. FREGLEY IMMEDIATELY PINS GREG. Coach Malone blows the whistle again.
40) 0) text: Greg and Rowley (who is pushing his Big Wheel by the handlebar) walk up a rather steep street. Greg, looking annoyed, tosses a football up in the air. As they go...
40) 2) dialog: He’s not good, he got lucky. I wasn’t even trying. Greg stops walking, Rowley continues to the top of the hi (CONTINUED)
40) 5) dialog: Next time I won’t go so easy on him. (then) You ready? Rowley points his Big Wheel down the hill and gets on.
40) 8) dialog: (yells at Rowley) Go, go!
41) 0) text: Wrestling practice. Greg steps onto the mat and faces Fregley. This time he’s determined he’s going to show thi kid who’s boss. Coach Malone blows the whistle. Greg and Fregley circle each other. Then Fregley charges Greg, kno him to the ground and pins him.
42) 0) text: On the mat. Fregley immediately pins Greg. Coach Malone blows the whistle.
43) 0) text: Fregley pins Greg; this time he’s sitting on Greg’s face. (CONTINUED)
43) 3) dialog: Blow the whistle, blow the whistle! The coach does. Greg looks to him for encouragement.
44) 1) dialog: So Fregley’s clearly on steroids or something.
45) 0) text: SUPER: “Halloween.” Greg trudges home past houses decorated for Halloween.
45) 1) dialog: Problem is, nobody ever got Class Favorite getting his butt kicked by a guy like Fregley. Suddenly, Rowley -- dressed in an impressively realistic “Knight” costume -- jumps out from behind a bush to start Greg.
45) 3) dialog: Lucky for me, it’s Halloween. Rowley proudly models his costume.
45) 5) dialog: I figure all I have to do is pig out on the candy I get and I’11l bulk up enough to get out of Fregley’s weight class. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
45) 8) dialog: I just have to make sure I get a ton of candy -- I’ve got no time to screw around at a haunted house like last year.
46) 0) text: Greg, Rowley and Susan enter a dark room. They walk a bit SUDDENLY, THE EAR-SPLITTING SOUND OF A CHAINSAW. The room bathed in red light, revealing a HUGE BLOOD-SOAKED GUY IN HOCKEY MASK REVVING A REAL CHAINSAW. On the ground is a BLOODY CORPSE whose arms have been chainsawed off. The Chainsaw Killer takes a run at Greg and Rowley.
46) 1) dialog: Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh! !!! Just as CHAINSAW KILLER reaches Greg and Rowley, Susan st in front of them.
47) 0) text: The doorbell rings. Excited, Greg runs out.
48) 0) text: Greg answers the door. Rowley stands there, his Knight costume rendered completely uncool by orange reflective safety gear, including a safety flag tied to his belt. (CONTINUED)
48) 3) dialog: What happened to your costume?
49) 0) text: Greg shows Rowley a hand-drawn map of their route.
49) 1) dialog: -..So we'll hit a few houses on the way to the North Side, which is where we'll do most of our trick or treating.
49) 3) dialog: It’s where the rich people live and I need maximum candy to get out of the Chihuahuas. Rodrick enters in full goth rock and roll mode. He’s wear eyeliner.
49) 4) dialog: You look pretty.
50) 6) dialog: Mom, I told you to make him stop calling me that, what if somebody hears?
51) 2) dialog: I can’t take him, we're going to the North Side.
51) 14) dialog: He was really mad.
51) 17) dialog: Come on, Manny, it’s just a pumpkin. Look, you're a pumpkin. Manny looks down at his costume and realizes that’s true. SCREAMS AGAIN. They move away and Manny settles down, although periodically he glances at his costume, reminds himself he’s a pumpkin, and makes a startled squawk.
51) 19) dialog: But we’ve only been to three houses. (waves his almost empty candy bag) I...only...have...THREE PIECES OF
51) 25) dialog: I promise. They watch Frank and Manny head home. As soon as they’re of sight, Greg and Rowley take off running.
52) 0) text: Greg and Rowley leave a house, their bags bulging with ca
52) 2) dialog: Yeah, these people got money to burn. Just then, A PICKUP ROLLS UP ON THEM. Two high school kid (CARTER and PETE) are in the cab, with two more (CHRIS an WADE) in the pickup bed. Greg and Rowley watch as the pic slows to a crawl in front of them. WADE PRODUCES A FIRE EXTINGUISHER AND SPRAYS THEM.
52) 3) dialog: Aaaaahhhhhh! Rowley raises his knight shield and manages to block most it. The pickup speeds off. Greg steps out into the street
52) 4) dialog: We're calling the cops! Brake lights.
52) 5) dialog: Uh-oh. Reverse lights.
52) 9) dialog: This way. EXT. SOMEONE’S BACKYARD - NIGHT 77 As Greg and Rowley climb a fence...
53) 1) dialog: This is it. The pickup stops in front of the house.
53) 4) dialog: My Gramma’s. She’s out of town. Greg finds the key, unlocks the door and they run in the house with seconds to spare. INT. GRAMMA’S HOUSE - NIGHT 80 Breathing heavily, Greg and Rowley creep around to the li room window and peek outside. The four teens, their faces pressed against the window, look right back at them. (CONTINUED)
53) 9) dialog: What -- why would you tell them that?
53) 12) dialog: Great idea. “Hey Mom, can you come pick us up on the North Side where you told us not to go? Oh, and by the way, we broke into Gramma’s house, so that’s where we’ll be.” You call your mom.
53) 14) dialog: We're going to have to bust out of here.
53) 18) dialog: You better leave us alone unless you want a taste of this. He jabs the weed whacker at them to make his point, but l control a little and PUTS A GASH IN THE FENDER of the pic
53) 22) dialog: There’s one place. He points to the woods. (CONTINUED)
53) 26) dialog: Run! They drop the machines and hightail it toward the woods.
54) 0) text: MUSIC CUE: “Run Through the Jungle” by CCR. All is shot shaky hand-held style, in greenish night visi Greg and Rowley race through the woods, tripping and yell in fear every time a tree branch or bush grazes them. The stop to catch their breath, both of them breathing heavil
54) 2) dialog: We just keep running, Rowley. Suddenly, a STRANGE, HIGH-PITCHED UNEARTHLY LAUGHTER FILL THE WOODS. They look around frantically for the source, t shaky cameras mimicking their moves, then look at each ot scared beyond belief.
54) 3) dialog: Aaaaaaahhhhhh!!! They run off. A beat as we stay on the patch of woods they've left. Then, movement. First, a strange, bobbing head. It looks like...a child in costume? IT’S FREGLEY,
55) 0) text: Exhausted, Greg and Rowley finally stop running when they reach the sidewalk in front of Greg’s house.
55) 2) dialog: Yeah. And we made it with all our candy. They high five. SUDDENLY THEY ARE SOAKED IN WATER. They look up to see Frank standing there with an empty trashca
56) 0) text: SUPER: “November. Sunday.” Susan and Greg are driving. They pass by Gramma’s house a see that it has been extensively and thoroughly TP’ed. Su and Greg stare at it in shock.
56) 2) dialog: I kept my mouth shut. I did feel a little bad, because it looked like it was gonna take a long time to clean up. But on the bright side, Gramma is retired so she probably didn’t have anything planned for today anyway.
57) 0) text: Greg and Rowley (pushing his Big Wheel) walk up the same steep street like before. Greg has his football tucked un his arm and is attempting to unwrap a wet candy bar.
57) 2) dialog: Gross. But it’s worth it. I just need to gain one more pound before wrestling practice. (CONTINUED)
57) 6) dialog: Top of the hill, Rowley.
58) 1) dialog: (to Rowley) Go, go! Greg grabs the football, takes a frightened look around, takes off running. 88 INT. GYM — DAY 88 Greg and Rowley are in their singlets waiting to weigh in Coach Malone. Greg is eating another gross wet candy bar. They see BRYCE ANDERSON -- a cool kid in a basketball uni -- talking to two cute girls in cheerleading outfits (SHE and MARLY).
58) 3) dialog: Yeah. Get this, apparently it’s because Bryce has a “cute butt”.
58) 5) dialog: I know, but I heard Shelly say it. And it was definitely a good thing. Rowley chews over what Greg just said.
58) 10) dialog: Yeah. Greg steps onto the scale.
58) 12) dialog: What? But this is boy’s wrestling.
59) 0) text: Greg faces Patty on the mat. They circle each other.
59) 2) dialog: She's a girl, I don’t know where to grab her. Patty sees her opening and violently pins Greg, slamming to the ground. Rowley cheers wildly for Greg, but it’s cl Patty’s got him immobilized in a horribly embarrassing an intimate position. FLASHBULBS. Greg looks around and sees Angie standing off the side and pointing a camera at him. Finally, Coach Mal blows the whistle and Greg untangles himself from Patty, takes her sweet time getting off of him.
59) 3) dialog: Get off me! (CONTINUED)
59) 7) dialog: That’s it. I quit.
60) 0) text: The “Whitmore Warbler”, the school newspaper, slams down Greg’s desk. ON THE FRONT PAGE ABOVE THE FOLD IS A PHOTO GREG BEING PINNED BY PATTY.
60) 1) dialog: (to himself) Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no. Greg's head is turned away from the camera so you can’t m out who he is. The headline reads: “A GREAT DAY FOR WOMEN The subhead reads: “Unidentified Male Student Pinned by Female Wrestler”. Greg looks up. Angie stares at him impassively for a mome then moves on to distribute papers to the rest of the cla He looks around, no one seems to recognize him.
60) 2) dialog: (to himself) Okay, you’re okay. He breathes a sigh of relief. Just then Rowley runs up to him with a newspaper of his own.
61) 0) text: Greg walks down the hall. IN GREG’S POV, QUICK CUTS TO VARIOUS STUDENTS as they look at the picture of Greg in t paper and howl with laughter. (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Greg trudges into the kitchen to find Rodrick sitting at table grinning broadly. He holds up the school paper.
62) 2) dialog: This is all Rowley’s fault, he’s the one who sold me out.
62) 4) dialog: Rodrick was right. Rowley’s been my problem this whole time.
63) 0) text: As Greg and Rowley exit with other students:
65) 0) text: Greg and Rowley approach Bryce Anderson who is surrounded a gaggle of girls, including Shelly and Marley.
65) 1) dialog: (to Rowley) There’s Bryce Anderson, be cool. They walk up to the group.
65) 3) dialog: I knew if I wanted to change my situation at school, I was gonna have to find myself a new best friend.
66) 0) text: Greg heads down the hall toward the Boys Room. He falls i step with COLLIN, a classmate about his age.
66) 4) dialog: Hey, Collin. Greg looks at Collin appraisingly.
66) 5) dialog: Going to the bathroom?
66) 7) dialog: Looks like we got a lot in common. They exit into the Boys Room.
67) 0) text: Greg and Collin take their places at the urinals. Unlike Greg, who goes with his pants up, COLLIN FULLY DROPS HIS DRAWERS TO HIS ANKLES. Greg can’t believe it.
68) 0) text: Greg hurriedly exits the Boys Room and heads down the hal
68) 1) dialog: If I was going to replace Rowley, it would be pretty dumb of me to replace him with Rowley, Jr. The problem was there weren’t a lot of good best friend options around. 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 50.
68) 3) dialog: Too annoying. The second reel spins again. Chirag Gupta’s face clicks i place.
68) 4) dialog: Too depressing. The second reel spins again. Fregley’s face clicks into place.
68) 5) dialog: No explanation needed. A series of SEVERAL MORE CANDIDATES, each weirder-looking than the next, click briefly into place. The second reel moves faster and faster until the faces are a blur.
69) 0) text: Greg looks up to see Rowley smile and motion him over to their two corner chairs. When Greg looks at Rowley’s innocent, smiling face he suddenly wonders if he is doing right thing.
69) 1) dialog: What was I thinking? I couldn’t just dump Rowley. The kid’d be lost without me. But I could fix him and change everything about him that bugs me. Because I’m a good friend, and that’s the kind of thing good friends do. He returns Rowley’s smile.
69) 5) dialog: This one’s gotta go.
69) 7) dialog: Well then your mom is trying to get you killed. He throws the shirt on the floor.
70) 0) text: Rowley sits in a chair. Greg paces in front of him like a instructor.
70) 2) dialog: Good. Now this time act like you don’t care if I do or not.
70) 4) dialog: But you should act like you have something better going on.
70) 6) dialog: No, it’ll make people like you. (off Rowley’s confusion) People are weird, Rowley, what do you want me to say?
71) 0) text: Greg and Rowley sit at the table, Rowley has a notebook a pen. Greg is holding Rodrick’s yearbook. (CONTINUED)
71) 6) dialog: Good. Greg holds up another picture - a KID WEARING A SASH that reads “Spelling Bee Champion” and being handed a trophy. Rowley smiles, this one is easy.
71) 8) dialog: No, dork. Dork! He's wearing a sash for godssake. We see Rowley jot something in his notebook. We can read words “sash no good” at the bottom of a list that include “no pics mommy”, “long hair ok skateboard” and “butterfli death”. INT. GREG’S ROOM - DAY 110 Greg hands Rowley a backpack. Rowley starts to put it on.
71) 9) dialog: No, one strap. One strap is cool. He demonstrates with his own backpack.
71) 13) dialog: Just trust me, Rowley, have I ever steered you wrong?
71) 15) dialog: One strap, Rowley! EXT. ROWLEY’S GARAGE - DAY 111 Greg wheels Rowley’s bike out of the garage. It is dusty has seen very little service.
71) 16) dialog: The Big Wheel has to go. You’re in middle school now. Man up.
71) 18) dialog: Every kid in the history of forever could ride a bike. You'll be fine. Rowley mounts the bike and starts to roll down the drivew He quickly loses control and crashes.
72) 0) text: Greg waits by the bike rack in front of school watching a Rowley rides up. IN SLO-MO: We get a good look at the “improved” Rowley. H looks terrified and is tilting to one side from the weigh his giant backpack which is slung over one shoulder. He rolls slowly, wobbling precariously. He is barely able to stop in time to avoid crashing into the bike rack.
72) 2) dialog: I don’t want to get ahead of myself, but I will say I did an amazing job of improving Rowley. He was ready to be the friend of a Class Favorite. 113 114 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 54.
74) 0) text: A SERIES OF QUICK CUTS of Greg as he suits up for Safety Patrol. Orange vest strapped on. Sides of vest cinched. Badge clipped on. Sneaker laces tightened. Sunscreen slapped on.
75) 0) text: Greg and his fellow Safety Patrols strut down the hallway SLO MO through a haze of smoke a la The Right Stuff. Greg passes SHELLY AND MARLEY who watch him and giggle.
76) 0) text: The class is gone. Greg and Rowley are at Ms. Darnell’s desk. She hands them badges and orange vests.
77) 0) text: Greg saunters toward the front door of the school with Rowley. They are in their orange plastic Safety Patrol ve and each has a cup of steaming cocoa.
77) 1) dialog: So we enlisted. And get this, because Safety Patrols are outside a lot, we get special, exclusive Safety Patrol cocoa. Greg takes a sip of his cocoa, Collin passes by. Angie is further down the hall.
77) 3) dialog: (officious) Sorry. Safety Patrols only. Greg continues on, Rowley shoots Collin a rueful look.
77) 6) dialog: Huh?
77) 10) dialog: I don’t think you understand the seriousness of our job. Greg throws open the front door to reveal Ms. Darnell wai outside with EIGHT LITTLE KINDERGARTEN KIDS.
78) 0) text: SUPER: “December. Wednesday.” Greg and Rowley are at the foot of the elementary school steps with the kindergartners lined up in a row on the sidewalk. Rowley suddenly sees THE PICKUP TRUCK FROM HALLOWEEN almost upon them.
78) 7) dialog: That was close.
80) 1) dialog: Wait for the light, people. Feeling pretty good about himself, Greg turns back toward school AS THE KIDS SHRUG AND CROSS ANYWAY.
80) 2) dialog: There’s just something about a man in uniform. Even a plastic one. Now that I was on Safety Patrol everything was falling into place, I was on the road to Class Favorite.
81) 1) dialog: So I went into Christmas vacation feeling pretty good and ready to enjoy our Heffley family holiday traditions.
82) 0) text: Greg, Frank and Rodrick sit on the couch eating pie and watching a BIKINI BEACH MOVIE ON TV. A decorated tree glo behind them. It’s nice, peaceful even. Rodrick notices Manny on the floor going through his backpack.
82) 9) dialog: But these women are smart. Tracey and Sabrina are about to solve a dognapping. Susan looks at Frank.
83) 0) text: Greg and Rowley are walking up the hill. Rowley has his B Wheel, Greg has the football. (CONTINUED)
83) 3) dialog: I’m thinking when we get back to school, it’s time for me to really make my move. Maybe run for student council. Something easy, like Treasurer.
83) 5) dialog: You could do the math. You could be the man behind the man.
83) 7) dialog: Hm. Greg stops, Rowley continues to the top of the hill.
83) 8) dialog: I didn’t know exactly what it was going to be, I just knew I needed my big break. Rowley turns his Big Wheel downhill.
83) 9) dialog: Ready? 59. 124 Rowley takes off down the hill. As Rowley speeds past on Big Wheel, Greg fires a tight spiral directly at him. ball hits Rowley’s front wheel.
83) 10) dialog: Yes! The
83) 12) dialog: Only the way it turned out, the big break wasn’t mine.
85) 0) text: Rowley’s left hand is in a cast. He stands at his locker. Reveal Greg a few feet away looking at him sheepishly. He takes a deep breath, crosses to Rowley.
85) 1) dialog: (keeping it light) Hey, that was some ride, Rowley.
85) 15) dialog: Hey! Hey! I’m the one who broke his hand. The girls all turn to look at Greg.
86) 0) text: Greg, with his lunch tray, heads toward his usual seat at edge of the room when he sees something shocking. Rowley a table with Shelly, Marley and some other popular girls. There are no empty seats. As Greg watches, Shelly feeds Rowley a bite of food. Rowley says something Greg can’t h and the girls laugh. This pushes Greg to his limit.
86) 1) dialog: I couldn't believe it. Rowley was eating at an actual table -- and all because of a stupid broken hand. And he doesn’t even care where he eats. If anyone should be at a table, it’s me. He looks out across the room, at the tables full of unwelcoming kids. His eyes fall on Angie who is sitting a table nearby. There is an empty seat next to her.
86) 4) dialog: No thanks. But Fregley does it anyway, stuffing his entire sandwich his mouth. He grins and points to his mouth, “See, did it Greg's eyes drift back to Rowley’s table. 128 129 130 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 62. INT. GREG’S BEDROOM - LATER 128 Greg is on his bed, sketching in his journal. We see a cartoon of Rowley at the lunch table with the girls.
86) 5) dialog: I realized Rowley’s injury thing was a pretty good racket, so I decided it was time for me to have an injury of my own.
87) 0) text: Greg throws his backpack in his locker. We see that one a is now wrapped in gauze. He grabs a notebook from his loc and crosses to Shelly and Marley. He thrusts his arm towa the girls.
87) 1) dialog: Hey guys, check it out.
87) 3) dialog: It’s a raging infection caused by a splinter that was left untreated. The girls just look at him. He holds up his notebook.
87) 4) dialog: Want to be the first to sign my sympathy sheet? The girls wrinkle their noses in disgust and walk away. Fregley approaches.
87) 6) dialog: Go away.
88) 0) text: The kids are hanging around before homeroom starts. Greg enters, unwrapping the gauze from his hand. As he stuffs in the trash he notices Rowley and Collin talking.
88) 7) dialog: You got Rowley a card?!
88) 9) dialog: (suddenly interested) Bryan Little’s sick? So who’s going to do the cartoon?
88) 11) dialog: (distracted) Uh-huh.
88) 12) dialog: This was what I'd been waiting for all year. Everyone loves the cartoon guy. I mean, Bryan Little was Class Clown last year because of Wacky Dawg. And I draw cartoons all the time, it’s like my biggest talent. I knew I could take something like this right to the top.
89) 0) text: Charlie Rose is interviewing Greg, who looks natty in a t blazer with leather elbow patches.
89) 2) dialog: It’s three things, Charlie. Charisma. Good looks. Humility.
90) 0) text: Greg and Rowley sit at the kitchen table drawing cartoons
90) 1) dialog: I decided to go ahead and forgive Rowley for milking the broken hand so hard, and told him he could work on the cartoon with me. Chuckling, Rowley hands Greg a piece of paper.
90) 4) dialog: It’s the same joke every time.
90) 8) dialog: We can’t just do the same thing over and over.
90) 10) dialog: It needs to be a little more sophisticated. Like mine is about a really dumb guy and he does dumb stuff that’s funny. Greg picks up a pencil...
91) 0) text: The drawing in front of Greg is now finished. Greg looks Rowley, expecting him to laugh at the cartoon.
91) 4) dialog: Rowley, forget Zoo Wee Mama. This is serious business. Do you want me to be Class Clown or don’t you?
91) 6) dialog: You know what, if you like it so much then you should just go do it yourself. The idea of doing it alone has never occurred to Rowley. thinks about it.
92) 1) dialog: Safety Patrol was getting to be a drag because of the weather. But I figured once I got the cartoon, I’d just dump it anyway.
93) 0) text: Greg crosses to Rowley who is at his locker.
93) 1) dialog: I forgot my raincoat so I’m gonna need you to walk the kids home today.
94) 0) text: Greg, wearing Rowley’s coat with the hood up, is hunched against the rain as he herds the kindergartners along the sidewalk. Suddenly, he sees the TEEN’S TRUCK making a tur toward them at the end of the street. He stops cold.
94) 1) dialog: Oh no. Greg frantically looks around for an escape route, but there’s nothing but houses. One of the houses is being renovated; the construction site is deserted. Then he spi it: A CONSTRUCTION DUMPSTER. It’s his only hope. He looks at the truck, which is getting closer. He spins around at the kids.
94) 2) dialog: Okay, listen up! We’re being attacked by space monsters and they’re going to eat us unless we can get into that dumpster! Now follow me if you want to live!
95) 0) text: Greg is hoisting terrified kids into the dumpster. Greg looks up to see THE TRUCK STOP AT A STOP SIGN JUST A HALF BLOCK AWAY.
95) 1) dialog: Come on! Move it! lLet’s go! Greg helps what he thinks is the last kid in the dumpster but looks over and sees a one small straggler in a puffy parka wandering off. Greg takes off for the kid. SLO-MO: Greg races across the site to the kid, hoists him over his shoulders like a soldier carrying a fallen comra stagger-runs back to the dumpster, and THROWS THE KID IN.
96) 0) text: Greg strains to push the hefty kid into the dumpster. He’ almost got him in, but...it’s too late. The truck is on them...but IT’S NOT THE TEEN’S TRUCK AT ALL. (CONTINUED)
96) 5) dialog: (hiding his face) Yes, Mrs. Irvine. Mrs. Irvine walks toward him. Panicked, Greg turns tail a runs off before she can see his face.
98) 4) dialog: I couldn't believe it. But I guess it says a lot about the intelligence level at my school, and it doesn’t make me feel real hopeful about the future of our country.
99) 0) text: Greg grimly stands next to Rowley who is being chatted up Shelly and Marley. Rowley is basking in the attention.
100) 5) dialog: Well, the failure of the public school system was complete. The way I see it, Rowley and the rest of these bozos deserve each other.
101) 0) text: Greg and Rowley are walking down the hall. They pass a do that “MR. WINSKY, PRINCIPAL”. Mr. Winsky sticks his head out; he does not look happy.
102) 0) text: Back with Greg outside the door. He looks alarmed. He pee in the window again. From his perspective we see Mr. Wins really laying into Rowley.
102) 8) dialog: Rowley, I...
102) 10) dialog: Nothing.
103) 0) text: Greg comes home. Susan is there, cooking dinner. She take one look at him and knows something is up.
103) 2) dialog: I don’t know, I’m in kind of a tough situation.
103) 4) dialog: I know something and if I tell the truth about it, it could hurt somebody.
103) 5) dialog: Namely me, but I kept that part to myself.
104) 5) dialog: If you're alive next year. Everyone glares at Greg.
104) 6) dialog: Hey, I’m just trying to be realistic. END FLASHBACK.
105) 0) text: Susan and Greg continue their talk.
105) 2) dialog: I was up all night tossing and turning about this Rowley situation, but I finally figured out what the right thing to do was. He stops. Reveal Greg is standing across the street from Elementary School. On the steps of the school are Rowley, Mr. Winsky and the kindergarten students.
105) 4) dialog: I decided to let Rowley take one for the team this time. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
105) 7) dialog: Now that he had the cartoon he didn’t even need Safety Patrol anymore. Really, I was probably doing him a favor. Head bowed, Rowley sadly hands Mr. Winsky his badge.
106) 0) text: Greg comes in the back door from school wearing his backp Susan turns around from baking something.
106) 2) dialog: I think so. Susan smiles, proud of him.
107) 0) text: Greg is in a booth with Susan. A GIANT HOT FUDGE SUNDAE i placed in front of him.
108) 0) text: Rowley is sitting on the front steps. Greg approaches; he notices Rowley steal a sad glance at his safety patrol ge
108) 2) dialog: Uh...no.
108) 4) dialog: So, it’s kind of funny. You know that whole Safety Patrol thing? (CONTINUED)
108) 8) dialog: Well, you remember that day you lent me your jacket? See, I thought I saw those guys from Halloween and so, you know, otherwise I never would've, but... Okay. I’m the one who threw those kids in the dumpster.
108) 10) dialog: Yeah, and I think we can both learn some valuable lessons from this. Like, I should be more careful what I do in front of Mrs. Irvine’s house. And you...well, you should be more careful who you lend your coat to. Rowley looks at him steadily for a moment.
108) 12) dialog: Whoa, how can you even say that? I’m a great friend.
108) 14) dialog: Okay, one thing, you can’t get mad about just --
108) 16) dialog: That broken hand was the best thing that ever happened to you.
109) 0) text: Kids are hanging out in the snowy front yard before the f bell. Greg watches Rowley who is deep in conversation wit Angie.
109) 1) dialog: I thought the whole thing would blow over, but Rowley was still giving me the silent treatment, even when I tried to make the first move. GREG THROWS A SNOWBALL AT ROWLEY, it hits him on the back the head. Rowley turns around and Greg smiles and gives h a friendly wave. Rowley and Angie just glare at him and continue their conversation. INT. MR. WINSKY’S OFFICE - DAY 156 Greg and Rowley face Mr. Winsky who is holding Greg’s bad
110) 0) text: Greg and Rowley exit Mr. Winsky’s office.
110) 1) dialog: Hey, Cap’n, you’re still gonna hook me up with cocoa, right? Rowley ignores him and walks off with Angie. Greg watches them go.
111) 0) text: They are in the frozen food aisle. Greg trails Susan who pushing Manny in the cart. (CONTINUED)
111) 4) dialog: I don’t think so. We’re kind of on the outs.
111) 6) dialog: Nothing. He got mad because I -- never mind.
111) 9) dialog: Mom, you've had a lot of bad ideas. Band camp. Getting me and Rodrick matching jackets. The family canoe trip. But that, that’s the worst. Susan watches him walk away and doesn’t notice that Manny taken the card and started chewing on it. When she looks back, it’s all gummed up and slimy. Susan hurriedly puts back in the rack behind some other cards and moves away.
112) 0) text: SUPER: “March. Thursday.” Much like the first day of school, Greg walks down the ha alone, surrounded by kids who pay no attention to him. He watches as Collin crosses to Rowley, carrying an overnigh bag.
112) 5) dialog: The whole thing with Rowley is, I was willing to let bygones be bygones but then he made friends with Collin just to mess with me. As if I even care if he -- CRACK. INT. GREG’S ROOM - NIGHT 160 Greg is on his bed writing in his journal. He looks at hi pencil and realizes he’s broken the tip off from the fierceness of his writing. He flops back on his bed and stares at the ceiling.
112) 6) dialog: Well you know what? Two can play at that game. EXT. ROWLEY’S STREET - DUSK 161 Rowley and Collin are playing in Rowley’s front yard. Gre carrying an overnight bag, walks super-casually past them the next house, where Fregley is playing alone in the fro yard. Rowley and Collin watch Greg pass, but nobody says word. Greg walks up to Fregley, who is stabbing a kite with a stick.
112) 8) dialog: What’s happening, Fregley?
112) 10) dialog: I was thinking maybe you might want to have a sleepover. (CONTINUED)
112) 14) dialog: Me.
112) 16) dialog: (losing patience) Now.
112) 18) dialog: Uh-huh. (loudly, for Rowley’s benefit) I can’t believe I was able to pencil you in for a sleepover, what with my busy schedule.
112) 20) dialog: (glancing at Rowley) Uh-huh, uh-huh, let’s just get inside. Greg shepherds Fregley toward his front door. INT. FREGLEY’S BEDROOM - LATER 162 Greg is at the window looking out. Fregley has set up a twister mat.
112) 22) dialog: You know what, Fregley, maybe this wasn’t such a good -- (CONTINUED)
112) 27) dialog: Hey!
112) 31) dialog: (calls for help) Hey, Mrs....uh, Fregley?! Hello??? Is anybody there?? Fregley jumps to his feet and faces Greg.
113) 0) text: Greg catches his breath. We hear LOUD THUMPING SOUNDS as Fregley throws his body against the door.
114) 0) text: Greg, traumatized, sits in a little ball on the floor. It quiet. No sound from Fregley. Then a PIECE OF PAPER slide under the door. Greg gingerly crosses to it, picks it up reads it. The letter reads: “DEAR GREG HEFFLEY, I’M VERY SORRY I CH
115) 1) dialog: You know, to be honest I’m a lot better off without friends. All friends do is drag you down and suck the life out of you.
116) 0) text: Greg parks his bike in the bike rack, next to Rowley’s Bi Wheel.
116) 1) dialog: Rowley’s been nothing but a distraction. Now that I’m on my own and don't have to worry about carrying around all that dead weight, I can get back to the business of making a name for myself. 169 170 171 172 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 82.
117) 0) text: Greg stands in front of a poster that reads “SPRING PLAY AUDITIONS TODAY”.
118) 0) text: Greg is on stage in Shakespearean garb and with long, art hair, taking his bows in front of an audience of kids. Th are really going crazy for him. Rowley is in the audience too. He is so amazed by Greg’s performance, he can’t help but stand up and join the adulation.
119) 0) text: A bunch of kids are gathered in the audience seats. A gro of six kids, including Greg and Patty Farrell, are groupe around the piano on the stage. The drama teacher, MRS. NORTON, sits at the piano. Coach Malone, clearly assigned against his will, is there to assist.
119) 2) dialog: (singing) My country ‘tis of thee/sweet land of liberty/of thee I sing... Mrs. Norton is so surprised she stops playing.
120) 0) text: Greg looks mortified.
120) 1) dialog: No, no I don’t want to be Dorothy.
121) 0) text: The Heffley family eats dinner. Manny is sitting on his potty. Greg slides into his seat.
121) 4) dialog: Mom, make him stop calling me that.
121) 6) dialog: Auditioning for the school play.
121) 9) dialog: It's The Wizard of Oz and I’m going to be a tree.
121) 11) dialog: Really? That could be cool.
121) 14) dialog: Thanks.
122) 0) text: Greg is being fitted for his tree outfit. Patty Farrell nearby practising some dance moves. As Mrs. Norton fits tube over Greg, he notices there are no arm holes.
122) 1) dialog: Wait, we don’t get armholes? How are we going to throw apples at Dorothy without armholes?
122) 4) dialog: What?
122) 8) dialog: What are we going to do?
123) 0) text: Greg and his fellow trees, ARCHIE KELLY and MARTY PORTER lined up on stage in their tree costumes, miserably singi Mrs. Norton places other kids, dressed as shrubs, around stage. She places RODNEY JAMES (Bush #2) right next to th trees.
123) 4) dialog: (to Mrs. Norton) Guess we need arm holes after all. Mrs. Norton glares at Greg.
125) 6) dialog: (to Archie, loudly) Hey Bubby, I think you dropped an apple.
126) 0) text: The audience is streaming out of the auditorium. Several families wait outside, congratulating/consoling their lit “stars.” The Heffleys are there, as is the FUNNY DAD from before. Greg walks up to them.
126) 1) dialog: Hey, dad. Frank looks over at Funny Dad, sees him looking at them. Funny Dad quickly averts his eyes.
127) 0) text: SUPER: “April. Monday.” The school yard is full of happy kids playing. Greg walks to THE CHEESE.
127) 1) dialog: These days, I don’t feel much like doing anything. I don’t know why. Maybe I have lyme disease. Various kids run by, including Rowley and Collin, now wea MATCHING “BEST FRIENDS” T-SHIRTS. Greg sighs, looks sadly down at the cheese. He is completely alone.
128) 0) text: SUPER: “May. Thursday.” Greg watches his mother put dinner on the table. Manny is sitting at the table on his potty.
128) 1) dialog: You know, I read this really interesting article.
128) 3) dialog: Yeah. About home-schooling. It sounds pretty good.
128) 5) dialog: Yeah. It’s a scientific fact that kids who are home-schooled get a better education than kids at regular schools. (CONTINUED)
128) 9) dialog: What? No, I just care about my education.
128) 17) dialog: That was it; I was fed up. I'd been taking it from Rowley and taking it from Rodrick and taking it from everybody else. It was time for some payback.
129) 0) text: The din of Loded Diaper rehearsing in the basement can be heard. Manny is sitting on his potty eating a snack at th table. Greg enters, carrying the girlie mag from Rodrick’ room (Moto Mamas) and a big Tootsie Roll. He crosses to Rodrick’s backpack which is on the chair next to Manny an unzips it.
129) 1) dialog: Okay Manny, I’m putting this Tootsie Roll in Rodrick’s backpack. It’s for Rodrick, not you, so don’t take it. Manny watches as Greg slips the Tootsie Roll into the pag of Moto Mamas magazine and puts it in Rodrick’s backpack. Greg exits smiling.
130) 2) dialog: Oh my goodness, that’s offensive.
131) 0) text: Susan storms into the band’s rehearsal, followed by Greg is grinning and carrying Manny.
132) 15) dialog: Yes! (CONTINUED)
133) 0) text: The gym is dark, lit only by a disco ball. It’s about hal full of parents and kids. There is a DJ spinning records nobody dances. In fact, everybody seems pretty uncomforta and awkward. Greg and Susan enter. Greg looks grim, dress in a suit jacket and slacks. Susan is dressed up, seems excited. Greg looks around and sees lots of kids from his class. He passes Archie Kelly who is being hassled by Quentin and his friend ARTHUR.
133) 4) dialog: (aghast) God no. Just then, Rowley and Collin enter with THEIR MOMS. They look like they’re having a great time. Susan watches Greg who watches Rowley.
133) 6) dialog: I can't.
133) 8) dialog: I wouldn’t even know what to say. (CONTINUED)
133) 12) dialog: I guess that’s not your worst idea ever.
133) 14) dialog: Hey, Rowley.
133) 16) dialog: So...you want to go get some ice cream after? Collin steps between them.
133) 19) dialog: Fine. My mom wanted me to ask, so I did. Greg turns and heads back to Susan. As he approaches, she smiles at him expectantly.
133) 25) dialog: I couldn't believe what I was seeing. This is just the kind of thing I could have saved Rowley from doing if we were still friends. But now this fool was about to get himself killed. BUT THE CROWD STARTS TO GET INTO IT. A group of people surrounds Rowley and his mom, clapping and cheering them Other people start streaming onto the dance floor and dancing. The party is kicked into high gear. Rowley is now part of a whole group of kids, including Shelly, Marley and Collin, who are trying to learn his da Greg does not know a curse word bad enough to express wha he’s feeling.
134) 0) text: Greg is on the sport court, Rowley crosses to him. He has somewhat conciliatory air about him.
134) 2) dialog: Hey.
134) 4) dialog: What? No way. Finder’s keepers.
134) 6) dialog: Fine, then leaver’s losers. (CONTINUED)
134) 10) dialog: It is if I say it is.
134) 12) dialog: You wouldn't even have that game if I hadn’t told you about it! You wouldn’t have half the stuff you have without me!
134) 14) dialog: That was a million years ago! Greg and Rowley are now shouting at each other. A CROWD, INCLUDING PATTY FARRELL, STARTS TO GATHER AROUND THEM. Gr and Rowley don’t notice.
134) 16) dialog: It was an ACCIDENT!
135) 0) text: Greg and Rowley are being held by Wade and Carter as Pete paces in front of them.
135) 15) dialog: I don’t even want to say exactly what happened because if Rowley ever tries to run for President and someone finds out what these guys made him do, he won’t have a chance. So I’1l just put it this way. They made Rowley BLANK the cheese. Angie covers her eyes, aghast. Pete looks over at Greg.
135) 19) dialog: But...but...I’m allergic to dairy. Wade just ignores him.
135) 28) dialog: I ate the cheese. THE CROWD GASPS AGAIN. Rowley stares at Greg in wonder. Angie smiles.
135) 29) dialog: Yeah. I ate it. And you know what, people? I just did you all a huge favor. Greg holds the cheese high, gathering steam.
135) 30) dialog: I ate the cheese to show everyone how stupid this whole school is. The wrong friends, the wrong lunch table, the wrong butt, it’s all meaningless, just like this cheese. Anyone else who's sick of it, step forward and join me! Greg surveys the crowd confidently.
135) 34) dialog: So, you want to come over after school and...play? Rowley smiles.
136) 0) text: Greg walks down the hall with Rowley. Everybody gives the wide berth.
136) 1) dialog: So now I officially have the Cheese Touch. But it’s not so bad. There are perks.
137) 0) text: Greg stands with Coach Malone. Nearby are a bunch of kids cowboy hats and vests.
138) 0) text: Greg and Rowley’s way is blocked by Quentin who has his b to them.
138) 1) dialog: Move!
139) 0) text: Greg and Rowley, carrying their lunch trays, cross to a t full of jocks.
139) 1) dialog: Hey, fellas. He puts his tray on the table. Everyone at the table quic grabs their lunch trays and clears out. Greg, immensely pleased, smiles at Rowley.
139) 2) dialog: After you. They happily sit down to a civilized lunch. 195 196 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 104.
140) 1) dialog: And I’m not the only one who had an exciting year. The Heffley family is eating breakfast. Manny is on the floor playing. Then he climbs up onto his potty. The fami watches; the air is thick with anticipation. Suddenly, TH SOUND OF PEE IN THE POTTY. Everybody cheers. Frank’s chee is half cheer, half wince.
141) 0) text: SUPER: “June. Friday.” Greg, Rowley, and Angie are having lunch at their own tab PATTY APROACHES, HANDING OUT YEARBOOKS. She gives one to Angie.
141) 9) dialog: Yep, you’re too smart for me, Patty. Rowley is trying really hard not to laugh. Patty sashays off. Greg and Rowley look at each other, then crack up.
141) 11) dialog: Well, the yearbook was pretty much the Rowley Jefferson show. We see Rowley’s pictures are all over it. On the Safety Patrol page, the Wrestling Team page, in the candids sect holding up his arm in its cast.
141) 12) dialog: And I don’t even want to talk about the Class Favorites page. We flip to the Class Favorites page and see ROWLEY HAS BE VOTED CLASS CLOWN. The yearbook closes. PULL BACK TO REVE GREG IS HOLDING THE BOOK, IN FRONT OF A WHITE BACKGROUND. Greg addresses the camera.
141) 13) dialog: But it’s okay. It’s actually much cooler to keep a low profile. Who needs to be famous? ROWLEY PEEKS IN AT THE EDGE OF THE WHITE SCREEN.
141) 15) dialog: And if Rowley ever gets too big for his britches, I’1l just remind him who really ate the cheese. FADE OUT.