4) 0) text: Greg, Rodrick, Manny, and Susan eat breakfast. Rodrick is working on a pile of flyers for his band Loded Diaper. Th flyers feature a picture of Rodrick and his bandmates holding instruments and trying their hardest not to look like suburban teenagers. Rodrick is adding devil horns to the “L” in Loded and chuckling.
5) 0) text: Greg, bored, perches on the vanity and watches Manny sit the toilet.
27) 0) text: Greg and Rowley sit on the floor and play a racing video game. Manny sits on his tiny potty next to them and watch Rowley is engrossed in the game, but Greg is clearly distracted. (CONTINUED)
50) 5) dialog: Bubby!
50) 8) dialog: Hi, Bubby! All the kids around Greg point and laugh.
82) 0) text: Greg, Frank and Rodrick sit on the couch eating pie and watching a BIKINI BEACH MOVIE ON TV. A decorated tree glo behind them. It’s nice, peaceful even. Rodrick notices Manny on the floor going through his backpack.
82) 4) dialog: Aaaaah! Aaaaah! Aaaaah! Susan runs in.
111) 0) text: They are in the frozen food aisle. Greg trails Susan who pushing Manny in the cart. (CONTINUED)
121) 0) text: The Heffley family eats dinner. Manny is sitting on his potty. Greg slides into his seat.
121) 1) dialog: Bubby! (CONTINUED)
125) 5) dialog: Bubby! Manny’s word rings out in the auditorium. Greg looks out the crowd. Some of the kids in the audience laugh. CLOSE GREG as his eyes dart back and forth looking for a way ou this.
128) 0) text: SUPER: “May. Thursday.” Greg watches his mother put dinner on the table. Manny is sitting at the table on his potty.
129) 0) text: The din of Loded Diaper rehearsing in the basement can be heard. Manny is sitting on his potty eating a snack at th table. Greg enters, carrying the girlie mag from Rodrick’ room (Moto Mamas) and a big Tootsie Roll. He crosses to Rodrick’s backpack which is on the chair next to Manny an unzips it.
130) 0) text: Susan enters the kitchen with a basket full of laundry an stops cold when she sees Manny on the floor eating the Tootsie Roll and giggling at the picture of the bikini-cl girl straddling a motorcycle on Rodrick’s magazine.
131) 0) text: Susan storms into the band’s rehearsal, followed by Greg is grinning and carrying Manny.