98) 0) text: The kids are watching the principal, MR. WINSKY, making announcements on the closed circuit TV on the wall. He re from papers in front of him like a newscaster.
98) 1) dialog: ++.SO to whoever took the lizard out of the science lab and put it in my car, you should know that it was very cold yesterday and the lizard is now in intensive care. Mr. Winsky sets aside that paper and reads another announcement. MR. WINSKY (CONT’D) On a happier note, they’ve selected the new cartoon for the school paper. (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: Mr. Worth addresses the class.
100) 1) dialog: .-+-So why did America send soldiers to England?
100) 3) dialog: Well...yes. But in this case it was because Germany had... (writes on board) ...invaded -- Mr. Worth drops his chalk.
100) 4) dialog: Zoo Wee Mama! The whole class cracks up (except for Greg) and Bryce hig fives Rowley.
101) 0) text: Greg and Rowley are walking down the hall. They pass a do that “MR. WINSKY, PRINCIPAL”. Mr. Winsky sticks his head out; he does not look happy.
101) 1) dialog: Rowley Jefferson? (CONTINUED)
101) 5) dialog: I need to see you in my office. Rowley shoots Greg a worried look and crosses to Mr. Wins They go in the office and Mr. Winsky shuts the door. Greg looks around to make sure nobody's watching, then crosses the door, peeks in the glass window pane. INT. MR. WINSKY’S OFFICE —- CONTINUOUS 146 Mr. Winsky sits at his desk. Rowley sits in the chair acr from him. He looks very small. We see Greg hovering just outside the door, but Mr. Winsky doesn’t notice him.
101) 6) dialog: I got a call from Mrs. Irvine about what happened with the kindergartners last week. She’s very upset. Rowley looks confused.
102) 1) dialog: .+-you brought dishonor to our school and you disrespected the badge.
102) 3) dialog: Save it. You're going to apologize to those kids tomorrow and you're suspended from Safety Patrol for a week. Including cocoa. Now get out of here.
109) 2) dialog: Thanks to an anonymous tipster, I now know the whole story. Greg, you’re relieved of your Safety Patrol duties, effective immediately. (turns to Rowley) Rowley, for showing dignity under false suspicion, I’m promoting you to Team Captain. As Mr. Winsky hands Rowley a new, bigger badge, Greg look out the glass window of Mr. Winsky’s door. He sees Angie just outside the door watching.
110) 0) text: Greg and Rowley exit Mr. Winsky’s office.