0) 0) dialog: Greg. GREG'S POV: we find RODRICK HEFFLEY, an insolent sixteen- year-old, in our face. Rodrick is dressed for school.
0) 1) dialog: Greg!
0) 3) dialog: Get up, you’re going to be late. END POV to find GREG HEFFLEY in his twin bed. Greg is ele or twelve, average height, and really thin. Rodrick is go to town with the shaking thing, basically bouncing him on bed.
0) 5) dialog: Middle school, what do you think? Today's your first day. Hurry up or Mom’s gonna lose it. Rodrick exits. Greg sighs.
4) 0) text: Greg, Rodrick, Manny, and Susan eat breakfast. Rodrick is working on a pile of flyers for his band Loded Diaper. Th flyers feature a picture of Rodrick and his bandmates holding instruments and trying their hardest not to look like suburban teenagers. Rodrick is adding devil horns to the “L” in Loded and chuckling.
4) 11) dialog: (to Greg) It’s like prison. Don’t ever look anyone in the eye, but don’t look down either -- always be looking away, like you're lost in thought. He looks at Greg skeptically.
4) 12) dialog: I’m wasting my time, you'll be dead or home-schooled by the end of the year.
4) 15) dialog: You're right. I’m sure he’1ll do great. He’1ll probably be Most Popular in the yearbook. Rodrick grabs his flyers, gets up to leave. He stops and turns around. He exits.
4) 16) dialog: Oh, and one more thing...watch out for the cheese. Susan and Greg look at each other.
26) 0) text: Rodrick’s van with the name of his band “Loded Diper” scrawled on the side is parked in the driveway. Next to t van is parked Rowley’s Big Wheel.
29) 0) text: LOUD TERRIBLE MUSIC. Greg and Rowley peek around the corn to see Rodrick play the drums as he rehearses with his cr band. They wince at the noise. INT. RODRICK’S ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 43 Rodrick’s room is a mess. Posters indicate he’s really in Nine Inch Nails, Tool, and Slipknot. Rowley watches the d nervously as Greg, on his hands and knees, tosses aside j from underneath Rodrick’s bed. A half-eaten candy bar; a ouija board; and A GLOSSY MAGAZINE ENTITLED “MOTO MAMAS”, cover of which features a very buxom model in a thong bik draped promiscuously over a motorcycle. Rowley eyes widen he looks at the magazine.
30) 6) dialog: What did I tell you I’d do to you if I caught you in my room again?
30) 8) dialog: Good answer, Rowley. You can go. (CONTINUED)
30) 12) dialog: Mom and Dad aren’t here. It’s just you and me. And I’m going to really, actually kill you. Greg makes a break for the door. He feints left, then hea right, but Rodrick stays with him blocking the door. Greg jumps up on Rodrick’s bed and grabs the edge of Rodrick’s prized Nine Inch Nails poster and prepares to rip it.
30) 13) dialog: No! Greg starts to rip it; Rodrick lunges for him. Greg jumps around him and runs out the door.
31) 0) text: With Rodrick right on his tail, Greg squeaks into his roo He shuts and locks the door behind him, leaving an enrage Rodrick in the hall.
32) 0) text: Rodrick beats on the door.
32) 1) dialog: You can’t stay in there forever, Greg! I don’t care how long it takes, I’m going to be right here, waiting to kill you! Greg peeks under his door. FROM GREG’S POV we see Rodrick sneakers. Greg sighs. INT. GREG’S BEDROOM - LATER 48 Greg creeps to the door, peeks underneath it. FROM GREG’S POV we see Rodrick’s sneakers are still there. BAM BAM BA Rodrick bangs on the door. Greg jumps back.
32) 3) dialog: No time outs! 49 50 51 52 53 DIARY OF A WIMPY KID 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio Draft 26. INT. GREG’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 49 Night has fallen outside Greg’s window. Greg peeks under door; RODRICK’S SNEAKERS ARE STILL THERE. Greg hops from foot to the other; he really has to pee. Desperate, he puts his hand on the doorknob. Takes it off Puts it back on, takes a breath, flings open the door and assumes a fighting stance... But the hallway is empty. What? Greg looks down, revealin RODRICK’S EMPTY SNEAKERS. Greg speeds off to the bathroom INT. BATHROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 50 Greg stands over the toilet and starts to go. Suddenly, Rodrick leaps out from behind the shower curtain.
32) 4) dialog: Raaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh! !!
49) 5) dialog: Shut up, tool. lLoded Diper’s got a gig tonight. Rodrick snatches the map out of Greg’s hands. RODRICK (CONT’D) Going to the North Side, huh? Takes you right past the Devil Worshiper Woods. (off Greg and Rowley) You know that story, right? Greg and Rowley shake their heads “no”. Rodrick leans ove them, very serious. RODRICK (CONT’D) Well, there used to be a house... (points to map) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
49) 9) dialog: (same forboding tone) And then they planted trees.
49) 11) dialog: And to this day, on Halloween night, you can hear the unearthly laughter of the devil worshiper ghosts as they roam the woods looking for more kids to eat. Unseen by Rodrick, Frank has entered and heard.
62) 0) text: Greg trudges into the kitchen to find Rodrick sitting at table grinning broadly. He holds up the school paper.
62) 1) dialog: Hey. I hear it’s a great day for women. Greg throws his backpack on the floor.
62) 3) dialog: What do you expect, he’s an even bigger loser than you. I’d tell you to dump him, but it’s fun watching him take you down. 93 INT. GREG’S ROOM - JUST LATER 93 Greg throws himself on his bed, annoyed. He picks up his journal and starts to sketch.
71) 0) text: Greg and Rowley sit at the table, Rowley has a notebook a pen. Greg is holding Rodrick’s yearbook. (CONTINUED)
82) 0) text: Greg, Frank and Rodrick sit on the couch eating pie and watching a BIKINI BEACH MOVIE ON TV. A decorated tree glo behind them. It’s nice, peaceful even. Rodrick notices Manny on the floor going through his backpack.
82) 1) dialog: Manny, get out of my stuff! (CONTINUED)
82) 7) dialog: What? Why?
121) 12) dialog: Could be. But it won’t be. ‘Cause it’s lame.
121) 20) dialog: Sorry, mom.
121) 23) dialog: (to Greg) Way to wreck dinner, jerk.
126) 2) dialog: (holds up camera) I own you now. Susan throws her bouquet of flowers in the trash and stea out the door with Manny. Greg looks to his dad. Frank loo at Funny Dad, then puts his arm around Greg. (CONTINUED)
128) 14) dialog: Hey, little brother, look what I found in the trash. Guess you threw it away by accident. Panicked, Greg tries to grab the paper, but Rodrick holds over his head and hands it to Susan. RODRICK (CONT’D) It's the invitation for the Mother/Son Sweetheart Dance. Know you don’t want to miss that. (mocking) Phew. Lucky I found it. Greg glares at Rodrick; Rodrick grins back at him. (CONTINUED)
129) 0) text: The din of Loded Diaper rehearsing in the basement can be heard. Manny is sitting on his potty eating a snack at th table. Greg enters, carrying the girlie mag from Rodrick’ room (Moto Mamas) and a big Tootsie Roll. He crosses to Rodrick’s backpack which is on the chair next to Manny an unzips it.
130) 0) text: Susan enters the kitchen with a basket full of laundry an stops cold when she sees Manny on the floor eating the Tootsie Roll and giggling at the picture of the bikini-cl girl straddling a motorcycle on Rodrick’s magazine.
131) 2) dialog: Go ahead and talk. We’re a band, we have no secrets. (CONTINUED)
131) 6) dialog: It’s not mine.
131) 8) dialog: No, it was in my room. (realizes he said too much) Ohh. Rodrick slumps down. Greg can barely contain his glee.
132) 0) text: Rodrick sits in a chair, Susan paces in front of him. His bandmates are lined up on the couch, enjoying the show. G is leaning against the wall, arms crossed, savoring every glorious moment.
132) 2) dialog: No. Rodrick tries to ignore his bandmates’ snickers.
132) 4) dialog: Yes. (off Susan) No.
132) 8) dialog: (in agony) I’m sorry women. Rodrick’s bandmates burst into applause. He’s mortified.
132) 10) dialog: Okay, settle down. I think one week is plenty. Greg can’t believe Rodrick said that -- this is going bet than he ever dreamed.
132) 12) dialog: (a mortal blow) My van?