3) 0) text: A dozen miners come out of the mine, including Ted. His trousers are torn at the knees, which bleed slightly.
9) 0) text: At the foot of the smoldering heap of waste Doo revs his as Lizzie and the others watch. A few of them are buying of moonshine from a man in a clump of trees nearby -- Lee Rainey, with a mule loaded down with bags of shine. Seein Ted, Loretta, and Herman approaching -- the mule-sled loa with groceries and the large package -- he waves and shou
9) 1) dialog: Hey, Cousin Ted! Come here and get in on this bet -- it’s a sure thing.
9) 5) dialog: (whooping) Lord-a-mercy -- that sumbuck Doolittle don't know what quit means, does he?
15) 0) text: Lee Rainey is working his moonshine still. Hearing a nois the bushes, he snatches up a rifle.
15) 2) dialog: Come on in here, Doo. I'se just about to blast you one. (gets a jar) Here, take you a sip. Rest your- self. ‘Member when you used to work for me, Doo? Sellin'’ my goods down't the mines?
15) 7) dialog: How'd you like to come back and work for me again?
15) 9) dialog: I'm talkin' about real money, Doo. Business is good, see. I'm sellin’ more whiskey than I can make.
15) 11) dialog: Aw, just when I run shy of my own. They become aware of singing in the distance -- a girl's voice, young, clear, singing a mournful ballad: "I the Pines." Both men freeze and listen.
15) 12) dialog: That's my little cousin, Loretty Webb. She sits down there on her daddy's porch, a-singin' her little sister to sleep. I be up here workin' and hear her and I think, Lord, let me die if angels sing that sweet... : (beat) I'm fixin' to make me another run on Greasy Creek. You got that jeep, you know how to use a gun, and you need you a job. I'11 go fifty- fifty with you.
15) 14) dialog: Doo, o1l' Uncle Nat Ramey used to say, if you born in the mountains, you got three choices: coal mine, moon- shine, or move it on down the line.
18) 0) text: Lee Rainey on the run, pulling a mule loaded with stolen whiskey. His pistol in his hand, he looks behind him desperately. Then, hearing Loretta's voice, he stops, smiles. A twig snapping spins him around in terror ---
39) 0) text: They are half asleep on the couch when Ted and Clara fina start getting ready for bed. When they are both under the covers, Doo comes to the doorway.
62) 0) text: asleep. Doo comes in carrying a guitar, turns on the ligh plops down on the bed. Loretta's eyes are open.
69) 0) text: Loretta on her hands and knees setting out tomato plants hand. Nearby the youngest child sleeps on a blanket with
92) 0) text: Long pan down it as "Honky Tonk Girl" plays. The car pull into the parking lot and Loretta gets out in her cowgirl outfit, looking eager. Doo stays in the car, sleepily tur on the radio. kw 98
96) 0) text: The car is parked in the shadows. The rest area is desert semi's whine down the interstate nearby. After a moment, gets out of the backseat, looking very contented. Loretta sits up, they look at each other. Smile. Doo drives on as she lies down to sleep.
97) 0) text: She is asleep. Silence. She stirs, awakens. Looks in the front seat -- no Doolittle. A little alarmed, she sits up Looks out the window and discovers they are parked on a c street. She looks around and sees something that makes her gasp --- al #02119 65
109) 0) text: Show’s over: Loretta and Ernest Tubb sign autographs. Doo pulls the car up and double-parks. The kids are sleeping. shiny new Cadillac suddenly double-parks in front of him aman jumps out. Doo sees him go up to Loretta, take her a and pull her aside, whispering in her ear. Doo growls, th open the door and heads for the man.
137) 0) text: Doo and Loretta sleep, she's wearing the shortie nightgow The clock radio clicks on playing Patsy's "Sweet Dreams o you." Loretta comes awake, smiles sleepily, hearing Patsy Doo stirs.
152) 0) text: Loretta comes in in her bathrobe, sees Doo sleeping on th sofa in his clothes, the bottle nearby. She looks at him, disturbed. Hearing the twins outside, she looks out the window and sees them playing in the yard. Starts to go out when she sees a station wagon full of fans pulled up in the driveway, snapping pictures of the twins who blith ignore them. The fans spot her, she ducks back inside, th wave and shout enthusiastically. Doo stirs, gets up, come to the window. ~
157) 0) text: Doo half-asleep looks up quickly as Loretta storms on ang says nothing, stalks straight back to her compartment. Musicians file on. Dave, the leader, quietly gives Doo a of quarter-inch tape.
159) 0) text: She sleeps restlessly; shades are drawn; could be day or bus could be moving or stopped (should be the illusion th this scene is continuous with the previous one). She sudd ly jerks awake, peeks through curtains -- the bus is stop we are in anonymous, impersonal backstage area. A few fan see her and flash their cameras. She closes the curtains. Touches her head in pain.
163) 0) text: asleep, wakes up, looks around -- the dolls, the needlepo the pictures and fan-painted portraits of herself; finall twins standing at her bed, staring at her. She smiles, th smile, tentatively.