1) 0) text: Pitch black except for the miners' headlamps. Ted Webb, 4 drills a hand auger into the coal face. Powder is tapped -- "Fire in the hole!" -- and explosion. Miners crawl bac through the dust and shovel coal into a mule cart. A fore man shouts "Payday today, let's go!"" The miners shovel f
3) 0) text: A dozen miners come out of the mine, including Ted. His trousers are torn at the knees, which bleed slightly.
4) 0) text: Loretta and Herman are waiting for Ted as he comes down t road.
4) 2) dialog: Aw, Loretty, that ol' shaft is so low, if you wear your kneepads, you skin your back. Don't wear ‘em, you skin your knees, (grins) Wear ‘em tomorrow, I reckon. Give my back a turn. They continue on down the road. cs
6) 0) text: Ted looks at the salve on Herman's forehead. The little b jaws are clenched tightly shut.
6) 1) dialog: What you so sulled up about, Herman? What's that stuff on your head?
6) 3) dialog: That's what I always heard.
7) 7) dialog: (going up steps with the kids) You boys watch your language with these children here. Doolittle salutes apologetically; Lizzie giggles. Ted glo and continues on to the pay window which is part of the s He gets in line. Loretta hangs back, listening.
7) 11) dialog: Come on now. Let's get in the store and give the company their money back. Frowning in Doolittle's direction, Ted goes into the stor Loretta watches interestedly as Doo loudly covers all bet (ad lib). Then she goes in the store.
8) 0) text: Loretta watches the action outside through the front wind Ted is at the counter with the Storekeeper.
8) 1) dialog: Who's that soldier boy out yonder struttin' like a banty rooster?
8) 3) dialog: He'll calm down some when they slap a coal shovel in his hand. That Sears~Roebuck I ordered come in yet? Storekeeper nods and moves off to the rear. Loretta watch as out front Doolittle's jeep races off toward the mine, others scrambling after on foot, her eyes glowing with su excitement. Ted notes this.
8) 4) dialog: Loretty -- get you a can of vy-annies for you and Herman. Her face lights up; she instantly forgets Doo and the jee gets a can of Vienna sausage from the shelf. The Storekee returns with a large brown mail-order package.
9) 0) text: At the foot of the smoldering heap of waste Doo revs his as Lizzie and the others watch. A few of them are buying of moonshine from a man in a clump of trees nearby -- Lee Rainey, with a mule loaded down with bags of shine. Seein Ted, Loretta, and Herman approaching -- the mule-sled loa with groceries and the large package -- he waves and shou
9) 6) dialog: (dryly) He sure went to a lot of trouble to get on top of a heap of trash. But Loretta is watching with bright, excited eyes....
10) 0) text: As Ted and the kids climb toward the cabin more kids burs from the house and run toward them -- Junior, 16; Jack, 1 Peggy Sue, 6; Donald Ray, 9. At the door is Clara, 35, ho Betty Ruth, 11 months. The kids converge on the package a Loretta races to a wooden well and begins drawing a bucke water.
10) 1) dialog: You young'uns take that stuff in- side -~ and don't open that package til I get there. They rush inside with supplies. Loretta empties the water into a battered wash pan and Ted washes the coal dust off face and hands. Loretta waits with a towel.
11) 0) text: The kids look on eagerly as Ted opens the package. Clara "Mommie" -- looks on from the kitchen door, holding the b
11) 5) dialog: Wait a minute, Loretty -- try this on first. He takes a blue dress with little flowers out of the pack Loretta gasps happily -- races into the bedroom to try it
11) 7) dialog: Loretty's thirteen, Clary. She orta have her one dress that ain't made out of no flour sack.
12) 0) text: She undresses to her homemade underclothes. On the walls this room she shares with her parents, are plastered news and magazine pages -- with sepia photos of Loretta Young, Gregory Peck, Clark Gable, Scarlett O'Hara, visible. The kids are heard pounding back inside as she pulls on the n dress, thrilled and excited.
13) 1) dialog: Well, looky here. Right pretty, ain't it, Mommie?
13) 6) dialog: Loretty's a woman, Jack. Women got to have pretty things to wear.
16) 1) dialog: Don't run the batteries down on that radio, Loretty -- can't afford no new ones.
16) 4) dialog: It don't do no good, nothin' does. Just this family weakness, have to suffer it.
16) 9) dialog: Clary, I swear it's bad enough you bein’ an ol' squaw medicine woman without makin' Loretty one, too.
16) 15) dialog: Don't need no fortune teller to know that.
22) 2) dialog: (shakes his head) It wasn't nothin' but Lee's craziness caused this. Hadn't a'been this, it'd been another thing.
23) 0) text: Explosion: Smoke clears. A miner crawls through it: It is Doolittle. He begins shovelling coal into the mule cart. looks trapped and frustrated.
24) 0) text: Wintertime; a light coat of snow on the little school. In it's brightly decorated for Christmas. A fiddle and banjo guitar play "Cumberland Gap." Several horses are tied out Doo drives up in his jeep, parks, goes in.
28) 0) text: Clara, making lye soap; Loretta dreamily adding wood to t fire beneath the rendering kettle. Ted is plowing with th mule in the garden, A shout from down the holler’.(from Junior): “Stranger comin' up!" followed by a shout from Herman a little closer; “Stranger comin'!" Everybody stop working and looks toward the trail: A faint sound, an eng straining uphill...Loretta recognized it's Doo's jeep, he face lights up...The rest of the family looks puzzled, a frightened, as the sound gets louder and closer...Suddenl Herman and Junior burst through the foliage into the yard ling and pointing behind them where --- Doolittle's jeep seems to leap out of the foliage and int yard. He stops proudly, his face bruised and cut from las night's accident.
28) 5) text: Loretta hangs on, frightened and excited, as Doo speeds d the bumpy mountain trail. She looks at his battered face.
30) 4) dialog: Where you been, Loretty...?
30) 6) dialog: You just run off. Didn't ask or nothin'.... He begins switching her around the legs; she whimpers and tries to hop out of the way; the other children scatter. has tears in his eyes, hating what he's doing. Finished, breaks the switch and goes into his bedroom. Loretta is d up in a corner, rubbing her legs, sobbing.
31) 5) dialog: We're havin' our family Christmas, Doolittle.
34) 0) text: A vein of coal in the mountainside which families have tunnelled into over the years for their private coal. Lor holds the lamp while Ted chops the coal. Everything is bl except their two faces, close together.
34) 1) dialog: (after a moment) Loretty, you know I don't like to boss you, don't you? But I got to, now.
34) 3) dialog: Just lemme talk. I don't want you to see Doolittle no more. You promise me that.
34) 5) dialog: (chopping at the coal) You're just a little girl. He's a growed-up man -- a wild one.
34) 7) dialog: (shocked) You ain't even fourteen yet. Y'all ain't even knowed each other a month ---
34) 12) dialog: Lord, Lord, don't do this, Loretty -- don't throw all your young years away. I worked hard all my life, got very little to show for it except you. You're my pride, girl, my shinin' pride ---
35) 0) text: assembled. Loretta aloof from the others, sad and depress Ted tunes the Philco to a familiar voice:
35) 2) dialog: Get up and do your squaw dance, Mommie ~- see if you can't get a smile out of ol’ sourpuss here --- Clara hesitates, then throws down her sewing and does an energetic hoedown. The others clap and shout. Ted watches Loretta but she remains sadly aloof. Suddenly, the door o and Doolittle steps in, awkwardly. Everything stops.
36) 4) dialog: {also stunned; long pause) Go ask Clary. INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT’ ~ LORETTA 37 watches as Doo comes back in and crosses to the kitchen.
39) 0) text: They are half asleep on the couch when Ted and Clara fina start getting ready for bed. When they are both under the covers, Doo comes to the doorway.
39) 7) dialog: You promise me two things, boy. Don't you never hit her. And don't you take her off far from home.
40) 0) text: A Judge performs the ceremony in the cold empty courtroom Angie Lynn, Doo's mother is there, a few others, but no C or Ted. As the ceremony goes on, Loretta looks around for them. Ted comes in at last, doesn't sit, leans on the wal the rear.
42) 0) text: He goes to a radiator and turns it on. Loretta in a teddy bear coat stands shivering. Doo flips his suitcase.
47) 0) text: sits in bed in her teddy bear coat, miserable. The door o and Doo comes in with a tray which he brings to her. She looks at the congealed ham and eggs.
51) 0) text: at the old washing machine in the yard, Ted in the garden They look up to see Loretta coming up the trail with her little suitcase. They run to greet each other.
51) 6) dialog: (coming up) What in the world -- Loretty! Have you come back home? She laughs as he swings her around happily.
51) 7) dialog: Lord, girl -- look at you! I believe married life done made you fat! Clara's smile fades abruptly; she looks closer at Loretta stomach.
54) 0) text: Loretta's brothers and sisters play an energetic game of in the yard. Loretta sits on the steps, watching. Her stomach is very large now. She watches the children with sad thoughtful expression as if knowing her childhood is forever. Ted comes up the trail in his work clothes. He, too, has sad expression. He somberly hands Loretta a letter -- her face lights up instantly. She tears it open and some mone falls out. Clara comes onto the porch and she and Ted wat sadly as Loretta eagerly reads the letter:
55) 0) text: Small station, deserted platform, except for Ted and Lore with her suitcase and a sack lunch. Ted walks to the edge a platform and looks up at the empty tracks.
55) 1) dialog: She's late...Reckon she might of jumped the tracks up the line some- wheres.
55) 3) dialog: Been known to.
55) 5) dialog: Get on here. See what you weigh. k
55) 9) dialog: (shakes his head) Wouldn't do no good. I wouldn't , know how much was me and how much ® was all that coal dust I swallered. He looks up: the train appears down the tracks. ‘ LORETTA (suddenly throws her arms around him) Oh, Daddy. Don't be sad. I gotta ~~ be with Doo -- I'm fixin' to have his baby. I'm growed up now, Daddy.
55) 10) dialog: I ain't never gonna see you again.
55) 12) dialog: Maybe. But I ain't never gonna see My little girl again. Them years has been robbed from me. Just like a thief broke in and : robbed 'em.... He tolds her tightly, trying to keep from erying. The train noisily pulls into the station.
77) 0) text: Misty, wet fields. She listens, hears nothing, steps out the cool air, shivering in the nightgown. She sees a figu in the mist at the edge of the field. She looks at him cl The figure turns.... It's Ted. He wears his mining clothes, his face and hands grimed with coal dust. He smiles sadly at her. A voice shouts through the mist, from a distance.
78) 0) text: Candles at head and foot of coffin; Ted "prepared" by an undertaker's art. Several friends, relatives, move in and out of the house: there is food, drink, etc. -- a wake. Clara and Loretta stand looking at the body.
96) 0) text: The car is parked in the shadows. The rest area is desert semi's whine down the interstate nearby. After a moment, gets out of the backseat, looking very contented. Loretta sits up, they look at each other. Smile. Doo drives on as she lies down to sleep.
98) 0) text: fhe ancient crumbling Ryman Auditorium. In the rising sun it seems infused with a golden glow...She gets out of the car. The streets are deserted, quiet. She stands in the middle of the street gazing at the old building in awe. Doo comes around the corner with a bag of coffee and doug nuts. Seeing her awestruck expression, he grins.
110) 0) text: Charlie, with something tucked under his coat, leads Lore down the corridor toward a room. From the room comes loud laughter -- and two nurses come out laughing and shaking heads as they pass Loretta. Loretta, excited and thrilled any fan, goes tentatively into ---
121) 0) text: deserted except for Doo, slumped in a seat, sipping from bottle. Patsy heard singing in the b.g. Loretta comes out the back heading for the door, Seeing Doo, she is startle
123) 0) text: Intercut with above. As the girls sing in close harmony Doo wanders, resentful drinking. Near the stage a few cars are pulled up, includ a late model convertible with an attractive blonde sittin on the fender, watching the show. Doo looks interestedly her; she returns it....
129) 0) text: An "Old Nashville" store, staid and snobbish. Loretta is little intimidated, but not Patsy.
144) 0) text: Loretta, exhausted, being led by Jim Webb, her driver, to the exit. Dozens of fans hurrying along beside her. A Sad-Faced woman stops her:
163) 0) text: asleep, wakes up, looks around -- the dolls, the needlepo the pictures and fan-painted portraits of herself; finall twins standing at her bed, staring at her. She smiles, th smile, tentatively.
166) 0) text: Silent, Doo drives down a gravel road, Loretta both curio and exasperated. Suddenly he turns off the road and goes cross-country up a wooded hill. She hangs on for life.