25) 0) text: A cakewalk in progress (like musical chairs), with Lorett playing. Doo enters and spots her right away; she is very pretty in her new dress -- which now fits nicely. Doo decides he's going to meet her. He ambles near a table wi several pies on it, with name cards. One is Loretta's. Nearby, a Churchwoman is talking distraughtly to the Teac a sour-faced chain-smoking man.
52) 0) text: Doc Turner, 30, pulls on rubber gloves as Loretta, a shee wrapped around her, climbs on an examination table. boc Last time I seen you I was givin' you a shot for the chicken pox. Now you're an ol' married woman, How you like it?
68) 9) dialog: Bu'ful, honey...jus' bu'ful...you sang th' story my” life.... Loretta smiles uncertainly and continues to the mike, loo back at the woman staggering off into the crowd.
111) 0) text: Loretta draws back, shocked; in bed is a woman with her f bruised and bandaged, her eyes black -- Patsy Cline.
124) 2) dialog: (defiantly) Who you tellin' what?
124) 4) dialog: Well, let me tell you somethin! -- if you was keepin' your man satis- fied he wouldn't have to go nowhere else! Loretta starts for her; but the Woman quickly back~pedals around the car. The bus horn honks in the b.g.
127) 0) text: Owen Bradley supervises a large professional recording se of "You Ain't Woman Enough." Doo and the kids watch proud from the booth.
134) 0) text: Doo works on a car on a rack, favoring his still-bandaged finger. Radio plays "You Ain't Woman Enough." He smiles.
142) 7) dialog: I was readin' about him in one of them gossip papers -- drinkin’ and cheatin'. Why in the world do you put up with it?
144) 0) text: Loretta, exhausted, being led by Jim Webb, her driver, to the exit. Dozens of fans hurrying along beside her. A Sad-Faced woman stops her:
144) 1) dialog: Loretta, I wanted to tell you, when you sing...I feel like you're talkin’ about my life. I made this for you. Hands Loretta a doll made in her image. Loretta, touched, her.
144) 2) dialog: (solicitously) You look so tired. Are you all right?