25) 0) text: It's an unimpressive place, it could be the administrativ wing of an inner-city junior high school. BONNIE and CHARLIE walk down the corridor to a door marke OFFICE OF CULTURAL AFFAIRS. CHARLIE buzzes a buzzer. An AGENT opens the door.
25) 2) dialog: Sure, c'mon in. They step into--
26) 0) text: Nothing much. A bullpen with a couple of AGENTS working l
26) 1) dialog: (calling across the room) Howard! @ (to CHARLIE) Howard Hart's gonna brief you in the next room. She'll need to stay here.
29) 0) text: GUST, McGAFFIN and two other AGENTS are standing around m that have been spread all over the conference table. They drink coffee and smoke cigarettes. MCGAFFIN's on the phone but we can't HEAR what he's sayin 74. (CONTINUED)
29) 4) dialog: The 5~45's, RPG-2 grenades and 81 mm mortars are coming into Pakistan by air and sea, here and here, and then trucks take ‘em to the Afghan border.
29) 5) dialog: Then we take ‘em across on mules, which are running more than we thought?
29) 7) dialog: They're $2,400 a piece. Plus we've gotta get ‘em checked out.
29) 9) dialog: Diseases. Foot and mouth, plus they have te get their ears cleaned.
29) 11) dialog: Also it's gonna be extra if we want ‘em pre-trained. Gust To do what?
29) 12) dialog: Walk over a mountain with ammunition on their back. Gust Aren't they born with that instinct? Isn't that something they want to do naturally? And do you think the country of Afghanistan will ever get it together enough to build some fucking roads?! MCGAFFIN hangs up the phone.
64) 0) text: GUST and his crew, which has now grown from 4 to 14 AGENT being told the good news by an ANALYST in front of a lit Cur TO:
66) 2) dialog: Why?
66) 4) dialog: They shot down 20 gunships in three months.
72) 0) text: 15 MUJAHIDEEN are gathered in a semi circle. A few of the have stinger missiles on their shoulders and a few other stingers are laying around on the ground. They're being instructed by two CIA AGENTS, who are dressed in Afghan g and speak through a TRANSLATOR. One particular FIGHTER st in the middle of the semi~circle being coached.
72) 1) dialog: All right, your target's in range. (CONTINUED)
72) 6) dialog: Wait for the twin tones.
72) 8) dialog: Wait for the-- The FIGHTER fires the missile--too early--and one of the FIGHTERS rips off his head gear in frustration, revealing it's GUST. The TRANSLATOR can barely keep up--