37) 0) text: CAROL is in the middle of her dance with her MUSIC PLAYIN Although there are about a dozen men standing or seated a of the nightclub type tables, CAROL performs her dance fo audience of one--the DEFENSE MINISTER, who's sitting in t center of the room on what appears to be a large beanbag chair, though we know it's obviously something more expen She pulls off her giant veil that's tied at the hips and uses the veil to create frames in which she strikes poses Then she slides the veil around the DEFENSE MINISTER's ne and ignores it. CHARLIE, GUST and ZVI are sitting with HASSAN, the Egypti Deputy Defense Minister, at one of several nightclub styl tables that have been set up. Several EGYPTIAN BODYGUARDS stand around the perimeter, and Zvi's BODYGUARDS are also present.
37) 2) dialog: Attack one Muslim and you attack all Muslims. The day of judgement shall pass. On that day, God will take the vengeance of our oppressed people who have been driven from their land. Fear God and fear His vengeance upon those who oppress His bumble servants who submit to Him in slam.
37) 4) dialog: When these weapons help capture a platoon of Russian soldiers, praise Allah, we will saw off their heads and send their cold decaying bodies back to Moscow while their skulls hang in the center of Afghan villages. (CONTINUED)
37) 10) dialog: The SA-7's were stored properly.
37) 12) dialog: That's an extraordinary woman. CAROL is performing chest isolations and figure eight movements with her hips as the DEFENSE MINISTER grips the around his neck.
37) 14) dialog: What do you mean by that?
37) 18) dialog: What?
37) 27) dialog: I meant no disrespect.
37) 30) dialog: (in Arabic to the BODYGUARDS) It's all right, it's part of the dance. remained perfectly calm and focused during this, raight at the DEFENSE MINISTER. The BODYGUARDS back off and she continues where she left off. CHARLIE and GUST sit back down...
37) 32) dialog: That's correct. CAROL has taken the sabre and after wielding it several t over the DEFENSE MINISTER's head, points it directly at h throat. The BODYGUARDS jump--
37) 38) dialog: Like what? GusT Bicycle bombs, limpet mines, plastic, trip, wire mines?
37) 39) dialog: Yes.
37) 41) dialog: Good, because we must show the Russians the same brutality they've shown the Afghans. We will set fire to them alive and dance around them in celebration as they burn, Killing Russians in any corner of the earth is the greatest obligation and the most excellent of ways to gain nearness to Allah.