19) 0) text: CHARLIE is having dinner with three Israeli businessmen, of whom is ZVI RAFIAH. We should notice that CHARLIE's le carefree and more on edge than we've seen him. He's pisse about something but he's holding it in. 2vr Israel has no natural resources to export. You've said it yourself, Charlie, all we've got in Israel are brains and you can't support an economy by exporting cello players. ZVI and the two BUSINESSMEN laugh. CHARLIE doesn't. He ju takes a sip of his drink.
19) 14) dialog: You were just where?
19) 33) dialog: That's because you have friendly neighbors to the north and south and oceans to the east and west. You have one enemy and you keep an eye on him from outer space. You'd see the world differently if your country was smaller, your people were hated and your borders surrounded. If some of our enemies want to kill some of our other enemies, I say it's one less headache for us. I don't lose much sleep over dead Palestinians. And if you lived in my neighborhood for a week, you wouldn’t either.
19) 35) dialog: And you're feeling guilty about that and that's why you put on this college girl display tonight?
34) 0) text: CHARLIE, GUST, ZVI, and TWO MEN are having lunch in the s restaurant we were in earlier.
34) 19) dialog: (to the BODYGUARDS~~in Hebrew) Go ahead, but keep an eye on the door for me.
34) 29) dialog: Pakistan and Afghanistan don't yet recognize our right to exist!
34) 31) dialog: We just got done fighting a war with Egypt, and every person who's ever tried to kill me and my family has been trained in Saudi Arabia.
34) 39) dialog: I can't tell you offhand how many and what kinds of weapons we've confiscated.
34) 41) dialog: Which tanks?
34) 46) dialog: Without anyone in the press asking about it?
34) 54) dialog: Oh shit, Charlie.
34) 68) dialog: (pointing at GUST) I don't like this guy.
34) 70) dialog: What happens now?
35) 0) text: A completely unmarked 727 is idling with a stair unit pul up to the open door. CHARLIE, GUST and ZVI wait at the fo the stairs with their overnight bags. The BODYGUARDS hove neaxby. A sedan pulis up on the tarmac. A couple of Israeli OFFIC hop out and help CAROL SHANNON out of the car with her ba CAROL is a professional belly dancer. Probably the best i America. She smiles as soon as she see CHARLIE and CHARLI smiles back and calis--
36) 0) text: We're in mid-flight. The plane, which holds 170 people, h about 11 passengers. ZVI is sitting near the BODYGUARDS. CHARLIE, GUST, CAROL and BONNIE sit near each other. They got drinks and work in front of them.
37) 0) text: CAROL is in the middle of her dance with her MUSIC PLAYIN Although there are about a dozen men standing or seated a of the nightclub type tables, CAROL performs her dance fo audience of one--the DEFENSE MINISTER, who's sitting in t center of the room on what appears to be a large beanbag chair, though we know it's obviously something more expen She pulls off her giant veil that's tied at the hips and uses the veil to create frames in which she strikes poses Then she slides the veil around the DEFENSE MINISTER's ne and ignores it. CHARLIE, GUST and ZVI are sitting with HASSAN, the Egypti Deputy Defense Minister, at one of several nightclub styl tables that have been set up. Several EGYPTIAN BODYGUARDS stand around the perimeter, and Zvi's BODYGUARDS are also present.
37) 17) dialog: Excuse me, but what about the oppression of my people.
37) 26) dialog: I'm about to arrange for 35 million dollars worth of guns to be put in the hands of Muslims and I'm wondering who they're ultimately gonna be pointed at.
37) 28) dialog: Really. And at that moment, CAROL pulls a sabre from its sheath, makes the DEFENSE MINISTER'S BODYGUARDS jump toward the a CAROL has staring st
37) 42) dialog: Well that's a nice bonus for you then.