26) 0) text: BARON DE GONDORIZ, forty, a stocky and imperious sort, si on a CHAIR, surrounded by furs and with a Latino woman serving him drink and food. The Brazilian Infantry is her surrounding (guarding?) him. An INDIAN CRANKS A VICTROLA. DE GONDORIZ’S CHILDREN are here, too, as is his wife. The are dressed in WHITE SUITS and are serious-faced and sile Champagne is poured like water, and food abounds. It’s a real contrast with the street below. Gondoriz is an imposing figure, to be sure. He has a pet JAGUAR, who resides alongside him. The jaguar seems particularly peeved at Costin, for no reason. It growls a him, and Costin’s eyes bulge at the ferocious “pet”...
26) 2) dialog: You are from England?
26) 4) dialog: I’ve been to London, many times. I have seen the opera there--have you * seen my opera house?
26) 6) dialog: I have the best singers from all over Europe. And my conductor, he is sick now, but he trained with the great Hubay. (beat) (MORE )
26) 8) dialog: Before I come here, I tell myself I will not be a savage. (MORE )
26) 10) dialog: And so I bring civilization to the jungle. I brought my family here, and I raised my children to be cultivated people. I am from Portugal, from Sintra. Someday I will return there. (beat; wistful) Someday. The Texan ENTERS with Tadjui, who is CHAINED AROUND THE N
26) 22) dialog: Your country is not what it used to be. Fawcett is momentarily at a loss for words. Lost City of Z Green Revision Set 09/30/2015 33. BARON DE GONDORIZ (CONT’D) It offends you to negotiate with me. I see this is true.
26) 24) dialog: Please--do not embarrass yourself. I prefer to speak openly when it is possible; do you not? (before Fawcett can answer: ) You come here to make maps. And why is that? So that there may be peace. What is peace? Peace means my business will flourish--I will flourish. You may hold your nose when you accept my help, yet without my help you know you cannot succeed. The closer you will look at the truth, the more disgusted you will grow--not at me but at yourself. In the end, peace means only that nothing will change. So I will help you because you will make sure nothing will change. Then De Gondoriz notices something. Points to Costin’s rifle. BARON DE GONDORIZ (CONT’D) That is very beautiful.