1) 0) text: Fade in to a soda fountain with white walls and red booth walls are hung with images of their products: milkshakes, hamburgers. Michael (37) - dressed informally with a pleasant, relaxe sits at a table with his daughters: Laura (5) and Katie ( look very pampered. Laura slurps her chocolate milkshake through a straw.
1) 12) text: group, therapy § Session. In the group us cristina, with ah” inténse ook in her eye om seems to have’ been at war.for a long time and is fina “Ly way to finding peace. She talks before the group's..a
2) 0) text: Jack (35) is a strong, wiry man, with a‘closely shaven fa wolfish features. He wears blue jeans, a short-sleeved sh The phrase “Jesus loves you" is tattooed on his left fore his right are a Chinese ideogram and runes and there is a the back of his right hand. A small heart is tattooed on wooden chair in -a room decorated only by a cheap of a Renais nee hunting scéiie. Anvold refrigerator . of the corners. He sits on reproducti stands “in
2) 21) text: Jack pulls out a keychain and presses the alarm button. T horn honks and the lights flash.
3) 0) text: Paul -with a grown beard, slightly long hair, and wearing robe- is half sitting on a bed in the Intensive Care Unit modest clinic. He is connected to a respirator, with an I.V. in his left electrodes attached to his chest. A discontinuous green l in a monitor.
3) 3) text: He looks’ “aroun sy Like faim, “Enére e@ are many gravely most of: them are} already on 3 "
3) 7) text: o~ He looks’ ata ‘gat old ‘woman ‘whose breathing inflate r\_/ a rubber.balloon beside her. . Lone 1 ceed
3) 19) text: Cristina, dressed in, biack ‘shorts and a t- shirt;-is- i motel bathroom, A bare bulb ‘mottled with fly excrement, a messy ‘hangs from the ecéiling. We hear the sound’ ‘of water continuously d the toilet. There i8 4 cracked !mirror- ‘above the filthy flowery | curtains ‘cover the showe stall. |
3) 20) text: ‘sink. Cheap She opens a backpack and takes ‘oat a small’ baggie fitle cocaine. She scoops ‘some out with a béttlecaép and ‘snor sits on the toilet cover,..swallows and brings her: hands head. ef a
5) 20) text: Paul, my husband, he’s dying and I wiip* 301SS0ALSSEH inks
6) 1) text: Jack and ‘the “boy signal each. other goodbyé in the reli center's -patio - - it looks“iike an old primary school e runs off to joa a group of ' young men-like him playi: ba i é f Reverend John (48) -rosy, red- haired wit ‘long sideburns moustache, dressed ‘in'a sort of black mess: jacket- Walk Jack as-he looks - at the boy.) i .
6) 12) text: The fat man leaves. Jack and John walk outside.
7) 5) text: Jack picks him; up and kisses: him. Marianne walks up to Gina who, more reserved, hugs nex” father’ s: legs.
8) 0) text: Paul is sitting on an old pool chair made of interlaced p strips. His face is filthy with dust and sweat. Absorbed, he stares at the empty pool, the bottom covered branches, dry leaves and dirt. Behind him are the rooms o desert motel. Far off we can hear the coos of a mourning Cristina (dressed as she was in Sc.6 where she snorts the finds Paul “arid walks toward: him, She stands in front O lifts His” hand to shield his) eyes fromthe sun “vibratin Cristina’. : / Pod i
9) 0) text: Jack walks down the hallway of a large jail, escorted by guards. Many inmates mock him through the bars.
9) 4) text: 12 13 Li. Jack glares at him. He walks in and they slam the gate sh
10) 0) text: \/ Ghere are three or four people swimming leisurely in t the fourth lane, Cristina swims in at full speed. Down th several feet behind, comes her sister Claudia (27). She i and looks like Cristina. CRISTINA. I win. Claudia also takes off her cap and goggles.
10) 2) text: She smiles, Cristina lifts herself:out of} the fpool. She! walks toward | ‘a chair, dries; her hands and opens her gym 4 pag « : fg
12) 0) text: Paul is lying on his bed watching the news on T.V. in a w furnished, but unpretentious, apartment. He looks very th 15 pounds underweight, ragged and pale. He breathes oxygen through a tube connected to his nose f green tank on wheels. He sits up with difficulty and turns off the T.V. He fixe robe and stands up taking care not to get tangled. He wal the bathroom, trailing the tank behind him. 17 INT. BATHROOM, PAUL’S APARTMENT DAY/EVENING He locks the door. In front of the mirror are several pho of babies and on the sink there is a rubber ducky. Paul l .it and puts it back in its place. bends down and opens the cabinet under the sink. He rumma around rolls of toilet paper, soap, shampoo, until. he fi small plastic tube. He opens it and sits on the toilet.
14) 0) text: All the cells are empty with their doors open except for He sits on his cot, inert. The head guard walks by the cell and turns to one of his subordinates.
15) 0) text: A small group of curious onlookers (some half-dressed cou woman in her fifties) surround the room. Jack and Cristin Paul out, bleeding. Stumbling from Paul's weight, they finally reach a 99 For Cristina realizes she doesn’t have the car keys. She lets Paul and runs toward the room.
16) 0) text: Paul is standing outside Cristina’s house in an upper mid residential area. He rings the doorbell repeatedly but no opens. He takes two steps back, stares at the entire house and l
16) 10) text: He walks-’o sa to the cooley, . xummages under the” beers out a coke. He opens, the can ‘and raises it. ee
16) 13) text: Al (50) i a robust man’ walks: over “bo them. Eby Cappy: = "Hey al, want a beer?
16) 14) text: He vehemently refuses, ‘shaking his head. He walks toward stands in front of him.
16) 15) dialog: The boss wants to talk to you.
17) 6) text: Brown, fl don’, ,\t ‘drink, r don’t steal, (Tim glean; why are you fixing me?
17) 9) text: - too. ~, . bce (A beat) I got you a hefty severance check. You can pick it up at the cashier. Jack looks shocked. He runs his fingers through his hair up, apparently calm. Brown holds out his hand; Jack just him scornfully. BROWN (CONT’D) Try to understand. Suddenly, Jack gets a putter from a bag in the corner and he is about to smash some paintings of old-fashioned golf Brown stands fearless, waiting for him to finish releasin anger. Jack doesn’t break the paintings, throws the putte and leaves, slamming the glass door behind him. Luckily, not break. 25 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM, CRISTINA'’S HOUSE -- DAY 25 Cristina is sitting alone in front of the washing machine smokes nervously with teary eyes and drinks repeatedly fr hottle of vodka. On the washing machine are two black bag so
17) 11) text: Finally, she pulls out a pair of blue sneakers with red s She looks at them for a long time. She puts them to one s covers her face with her left hand. The phone will not st ringing.
18) 4) text: Several workers shovel around Jack without noticing him,
18) 9) text: Doctor Rothberg (50) robust, ved= ‘ndired- examines him. him is Dolores; (60), ; the nurse; a woman | with ‘deep b maternal. ood a ; A oe we mo ~~ ROTHEERG Is there any pain?
18) 16) text: 28 INT. PAUL’S CAR, HUMUS PROCESSING PLANT -~ DAY 28 Paul and Cristina drive down a road by the side of the va In the distance are several parked trucks. Several worker among them, load the truck with the sacks of humus.
20) 0) text: Jack's house is humble. The living room is sparsely furni decorated with cheap Wal-mart paintings - vases, boats - surrounding a large color photograph of Jack and his fami receiving the keys to the Ford Lobo in front of a Wal-Mar A broken electric fan sits in one of the corners. In the stands an old television .set - one of the first made wit control. “Jack and his family are sitting in the dining room, hold oli Te he says grace.
20) 30) text: The boy: hits her: and Gina screams in pain. Marianne pus chair.out and-stands up, angry. Shé walks ‘téward her dau grabs her -by ‘the hand and. takes her away - Freddy is “Bcared. ‘Jack stares at him and slaps him “vio the nape of the neck. JACK (CONT’D) There‘s no hitting in this house. He slaps him again. JACK (CONT’D) Understood? He turns to keep eating his spaghetti. 32 INT. PAUL’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 32 Paul is lying in bed, connected to the oxygen tank. He is a magazine by his bedside lamp. Mary, with her back turne him, undresses. : Mary slips on a nightgown and sits down in front of the m comb her hair. She puts the brush down and turns to Paul.
20) 45) text: “ MARY ; . _ 1, can’ e anymore, Paul. Really, I can’t.
20) 46) text: Mary brings her Han bo her Forehead and rubs it, hurt, “H up with difficulties and walks j toward her. She sits*dow him and-:he hugs her. She stays | still. a}
21) 0) text: Paul is parke@ in front of Cristina's house, watching. It Paul sweats. She does not appear. He gets out of the car the sweat from his forehead. Cristina walks out when he is slightly distracted. She st down the sidewalk past Lucio (20) - a skinny Salvadorian is washing a car with a bucket.
22) 8) text: ( "36 EXT. STREET 4 woMEnt Paul walks out with his shopping bag. He sees Cristina wa He pulls out a cigarette, lights it and watches her get l the distance.
23) 0) text: Marianne is in her living room surrounded by several gues convicts (among them the fat man from Sc.9), door-to-door converted young men, women with dyed hair and reverend Jo On the tables are bottles of soda, potato chips, pretzels alcohol. The only smoker in the room is a squalid, pale y woman. The house seems too small for so many guests, and Mariann uncomfortable. She moves from one group of people to the almost without talking to anyone. Overwhelmed, Marianne g the kitchen.
24) 15) text: Marianne smiles in complicity, feigns giving the beer bac then gives it another drink. Both break into laughter. 39 INT. HALL CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 39 Cristina walks in with a gym bag. She is wearing sweatpan her hair is wet. The house is cozy with family portraits Michael, the children and herself. Brick walls, several p She stops at the foot of the stairs.
25) 0) text: She walks down the hall. She listens for voices: nothing.
25) 2) text: 41 INT. GIRLS ROOM CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS 41 She walks into the room and turns her cell phone on to li er messages. While she does so she starts picking up afte daughters and tidying the room up.
26) 0) text: She walks into the kitchen. She opens the sports bag, pul the towel and swimsuit (the ones used in Sc.14) and drape over a chair. She opens the pantry and takes out four plates. She start up four places for dinner on the kitchen table. The phone rings. Cristina answers while she arranges the
27) 9) text: | Bved £ the operation , As ‘successful, i i ination doesn't always « a eet ait doesh’ ke matter, we warit to try./ ec .
28) 5) text: The doctors smiles mischievously and walks out. Paul seem embarrassed by the situation. He unzips his pants and lea the magazine.
29) 0) text: Cristina walks into the hospital and hurries toward the f desk. She stands before the receptionist.
29) 7) text: She heads toward an office with translucent glass walls. Cristina watching her calling someone on the phone. Cristina’s father (65) - tall, bearded, with gray hair an withered face slightly resembling Cristina’s- arrives wit Cristina hugs her father.
32) 3) text: : pod _ROTHBERG , iz ‘can’ & tell you, hospital } SG -régulations. Just,like the donor's ‘family’ doesn’ x know your name: either. “PRUL : “tT need to. “know, really. =... bison
33) 0) text: Cristina, her father and Claudia wait silently. Doctor Mo (52), still in his surgical gown, and doctor Jones (60), wearing a white gown, slacks and a tie, walk up to them a by a nurse (34). As soon as they arrive, Cristina stands up.
34) 0) text: Marianne is standing in front of the truck, which still h lights on. Trish looks at them from the window and walks
38) 4) text: ‘va ta Real. Tr: can set” you up..
38) 7) text: Jack closes | his locker ..an walks over to.the other cad
39) 0) text: The sun starts to set. Several blackbirds fly toward some Jack heads toward his truck. He opens it and throws his bag inside. In the distance, B spots him and walks over.
39) 19) text: Lo i ‘You should. come or; Jiist a ‘Couple | es) ‘ON ue" of beers. It's’ been a while since we - N44 . “ talked: a ne Le! Jack doesn't answer.
39) 51) text: The nurses. wheél Paul” n. “and “the doors close behind! remains alone in the hallway. She turns around and leaves
40) 0) text: She. heads toward the waiting room. A few feet away from Cristina walks by, devastated, holding her father's arm w Claudia next to her. Mary watches them walk past and goes to sit on the same c where Cristina received the news.
41) 13) text: A waitress walks | ‘over! i and puts: a séndwich an front to Pop, pauL | a Jy . “gust while you , finish ity. ok?
42) 0) text: Michael walks with his daughters (dressed as they were in He grabs his cell phone and dials a number.
43) 0) text: He arrives at an empty nursing station. He looks both way one. He walks into the station and opens a filing cabinet checks it. He doesn't seem to find anything. He closes it opens another drawer. As he is checking, he hears a woman behind him.
43) 7) text: Paul walk
43) 15) text: cristina is alone in her room, la@rinkd g. x bottle of’ v carton of orange | Juice are on the, bureau. Cristina loo drunk. | She grabs | the, phone | and diats a ninbex = . fy
44) 13) text: vin the kids’ room. Marianne walks! toward’ the house. j 73 Int. _ CHILDREN’ s. room, ga KS “HOUSE: ioe: . NIGHT f om /She opens. the: door taking, care to not make! noise. dimly lit. Jack is sitting between his children’s beds, w them, taciturn. Marianne stands in front of him. Feeling her presence, Ja his face and looks her in the eye.
44) 22) text: He walks tt¥ough the, Liviiig room past ohn and Trish! s stare sand into. his room followed by Marianne.
45) 16) text: e A heart: shaped ‘cake is. at the center of ithe table.. is decorated with "Welcome home" in red icing. A cake knife cuts out a slice. The camera pulls back and Paul sitting at the head of the table and Mary cutting th Several friends surround them arid some kids run around. Mary serves Paul a large slice. He forks a piece into his
45) 29) text: Paul looks at hee, stupefied; the others, murmrised. A fr quickly Congratulates, her. fof 2 wa OAS PEMALE FRIEND 1 Ses “You kept_ this real quietu..: bevel
46) 3) text: Alan.. Paul forces a smile and turns to look at Mary, irritated. 78
46) 11) text: if PoE cRIsTINA : é You know what: I: thought when my mother {/ died? I couldn't inderstand how you’ / could laugh again; “How"you could | it SOS, talk ‘to “people: again, how you could . eo Po “play with us: And no, dad,.that's a.! " lie: life does not go on.
47) 0) text: A private investigator (55) bald, with a spade beard- is before a bowling lane, ball in hand. He starts off, slide lets the ball go. There are two pins at the end of the la only knocks down one of them. He turns around and smacks his left palm with his right f P.I. Shit! He goes to sit down. On one of the chairs is Paul. The P. a beer and drinks. When he's done he wipes his mouth off back of his hand.
47) 10) text: Sy Z ‘pan: even find out “what” kind” of i, . ° anderwear. the guy used. = i ~ ~~ paun I don’t have any money on me, but I can send a check to your office. The P.I. smiles and signals around him. P.d. The world is my office and this... (Shows him a cell phone) is my secretary. Deposit the money in this account tomorrow. He pulls out a pen, writes the account number on a piece and gives it to Paul, who reads it and puts it away. The drinks from his beer.
47) 28) text: 82 Int. LIVING: , ROOM, (CRISTINA’S HOUSE. AFTERNOON 82 In the Living room lare cristina, claidid, her father and other’ family members.’ You can almost breathe the silenc talks’ in whispers. Cristina As! sunk i a sofa, dressed i
47) 31) text: Claudia gets. ‘up “with: her.. glass and heads toward the Cristina-follows her.” - hae bancal
48) 0) text: Cristina walks into the kitchen. She grabs a bottle of te from a table with sodas, brandy and ice. She serves herse in her glass and drinks. Claudia walks in and stares at her.
49) 8) text: pores P.r. . i Tt wasia real tragedy. “Some” ‘guy called & . “2” Jack Jordan“ranh over him ‘and his two | . “sll Little girls~on May the second at ..Wi eight twenty p.m.
49) 14) text: Sil. Paul brings his hand to his heart, pressing it as if he w to calm something inside him.
50) 0) text: Several boys and girls about Katie and Laura’s age are st in line. Their expressions are serious and pained. Some mothers are in the back of court. In the middle are and Cristina, both dressed in black with sunglasses. A picture of Katie and one of Laura sits on a desk at the A priest (50) - gray hair, glasses, dressed in a dark sui
50) 1) text: : vhard! for us to aeye 89 why. my did t : ‘two sweet giris ‘have to leave so i ‘soon? We get angry at God, and with,’ ; good, reason. I am also angry at him’ f because, he snatched thén away from : “us like this’. But we must trust that “now they.are by his side,i.that God... called them to fill their hearts with the infinite love that only he can give...
51) 0) text: Claudia and Cristina are in the middle of a patio. Some m walk over to offer their condolences.
51) 1) text: I'm very sorry Cristina. She hugs her. Another woman walks over and also hugs her.
52) 0) text: Cristina is standing in front of the mirror. She takes he glasses off and looks at herself for a while. She opens h “takes out a small bag of cocaine, spoons some out with t a ballpoint pen and snorts it. She looks at herself in the mirror again. Behind her is a year-old girl watching her silently. Cristina turns to look at her. They stare ‘at each other seconds without saying anything. A teacher wearing an apron pokes her head through the doo
52) 2) text: The girl. gvabs “her reaches s “hand and walks out- witho her eves off Cristina, 4 ‘ j i Pp 88 ant. KITCHEN PAUL s APARTINT
52) 5) text: ’ 88 Paul walks into the kitchen and turhs on the light; "He w the refrigerator, pulls out a parton of milk: and pours s a glass.. ; :
52) 6) text: Mary walks. in-and leans ¢ 4
52) 42) text: They say goodbye by ‘nbcking fists. Jack walks quickly to truck. cece” we o
53) 0) text: Paul quickly walks down a trail mechanically. He is carry revolver in his hand (the same one from Sc.12 where he ta Cristina by the empty pool.) . He stops at the edge of the road, tucks the revolver away waist and leans on a mesquite. He is pale and shaking. He breathes in and goes on his way with difficulty. .
56) 0) text: John walks down the hallway escorted by two guards. A pri walks up to him and bows slightly. John grabs | the priso shoulders.
56) 4) text: On hearirig” him. walk in, ‘Jaék, turns to 190k at qo weakly,’ and sits on the,-éots. ~ i v4 be JOHN “How are you? |} ho : an ; Jack doesn’ t answer. John sits’ ‘down next to _him.
56) 23) text: CG gack ,"idolaters, andiall. : JOHN . : i Jesus came to save us, not to: damn ’ “ “ JACK
56) 24) text: «Shall have their part in ) the lake ~ which burneth with fire and brimstone" Revelation 21:8 John points to Jack's “Jesus loves you" tattoo on his for
57) 0) text: Cristina's car stops in front of a bar. A valet walks up opens her door and hands her a ticket. She heads for the Paul's car also pulls up in front of the bar. He gets out another valet hands him a ticket.
58) 0) text: It is the same bar from Sc. 69. It is crowded with 27, 28 olds. Cristina dodges her way around them, makes her way and calls the bartender.
58) 9) text: Ana and.c tina walk in. A> young woman is' chec front of the-mirror. :And stares at her. defiantl hurries xp and, leave: : i t
58) 30) text: if CRISTINA Tim pot into themical 1
58) 33) text: Cristina takes two, looks at Ana and grabs another two. S swallows all four down with tap water. Ana raises her eye ANA (CONT’D) That’s my girl. Just take it easy on the booze, ok? We don’t want you stuck in the other side of heaven. Cristina looks at her deprecatively. She grabs the bag of fistful of pills and puts them in her purse.
59) 4) text: Jack doesn’t pay attention. The prisoner covers himself u the towel and walks toward the dressing rooms. Jack watch leave. He stands up and pulls the bench toward the shower
59) 5) text: He stands on the bench, ties one of his shirt-sleeves to | showerhead and the other to his neck. He sighs, kicks t away and hangs. His body is starting to go limp when the showerhead sudde breaks. Jack falls on his ass. Upon hearing the noise, the other prisoner runs into the He finds Jack sprawled out on the tiles, getting soaked b water flowing out of the broken showerhead, with his shir tied around his neck. When he sees the fat prisoner looking at him worriedly, J laughing to himself. 101
59) 10) text: the valets and gives
59) 11) text: She stands on the sidewalk, waitin for her car. PB al! wa and watches her from a few yards’ away.
59) 13) text: AS BA valet arriveswith the car and opens the door. ghe i get in when the valet “holds-her by the arm and points at
59) 24) text: “CRISTINA et pes “tell these? motherfuckers fo. go away oe She throws a punch that the valet manages to dodge. Paul
59) 29) text: gesture rom his hand., Slowly, the valets move away: !
60) 0) text: Paul shuts off the engine. Cristina does not wake up. Pau (..\ the copilot seat back and leaves her half lying down \LY off his olive green jacket, bundles it up and puts it head as a pillow.
62) 0) text: Marianne sits in a room with a table and three chairs, li dusty, bare, 60 watt bulb. It is dark, cold and windowles Jack walks in escorted by two guards and sits down in fro her. The guards retire to the door.
62) 23) text: ‘ MARTANN LO Dat least that was’ you. “Now Iv don't ; CO .’ Rave the..slightest fucking idea who _/ Salle you are. ow . a Marianne gets up and heads toward the door. Before she le turns around. .
63) 0) text: Cristina, dressed in shorts and a black t-shirt, is leani the hallway banister. In-the distance, we can see the lig the cars driving down the highway. The sun is about to ri She takes long drinks from a bottle of tequila. She pulls plastic bag, opens it: there are several R-2 pills. She t four and washes them down with a drink. She turns around into the room.
64) 3) text: She leaves it on the nightstand, almost empty, lies down her eyes.
65) 0) text: A 93 Malibu is parked on a street in a working class neig Paul arrives in his car and parks behind it. He steps out of the car, and gets into the Malibu.
66) 0) text: Inside the Malibu is the P.I. . PI. Hey.
66) 3) text: i Jordan| lives in: a cheap motel lost i :in the middle’ of nowhere. It looks , j like! one of his! prisonfishy pals is from\there. The motél’s “address and ~ phone number’ is on there.
66) 17) text: t ‘to the P.r/ He opens it, Paul pulls out! an envelope and! han éket: pocket.; counts. the money? and puts 7 in his” a ptr. (Cont’D)... J teal We're set then.
66) 22) text: “ Cristina stares absently to her right and left and sudd up. She walks toward the door and leaves. ° 111 INT. LIVING ROOM JACK'S HOUSE ~- DAY 1i1 Marianne walks through the living room with the hamster c Following her in a tantrum is Freddy and Gina who looks i sniffling and teary.
67) 0) text: It is raining torrentially in the street. Cristina wearin \ sweatpants, tennis shoes and carrying a gym bag is stan _./ the main entrance. She peers out every few moments in and only sees total gridlock. She takes out her cell phone and dials a number.
67) 1) text: Ma’am, it’s been an hour since I called for a taxi... yes.. 46 St. Vincent street please. She hangs up, annoyed.
67) 15) text: Cristina is slightly stunned. She stares at him as if she almost able to recognize him.
68) 3) text: 116 Jack walks down the motel haitwal. Suddenly a door’ opens walks ‘out of a xoom. They eet faGe tO Lace’ Their eyes c Paul becomes: “uneasy. 5, ° i pod
68) 4) text: ‘Evening. Jack continues on his way and Paul watches him until he w into his room five doors down. 117 EXT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- EVENING 117 Paul parks the car in front of Cristina’s house. It is st slightly drizzling. Nightfall is imminent. 118 INT. PAUL’S CAR -- CONTINUOUS 118
69) 1) text: Daddy, daddy... a kitty... The two girls walk over to it.
69) 12) text: Squealing brakes lana a strong blow a a ard. Lucio taises eyes, stupefied. After a few’ second he iruns toward: the knocking the backet; over in the prs
69) 15) text: = At the “foot” of “the steps s Marianne. She wears jeans and a comfortable blouse. Jack and John walk through the main gate. Jack looks tire disheveled, with his beard grown out. He stops to look at world to which he returns a free man. The sun blinds him lifts his hand to see better. Marianne spots Jack, takes off her sunglasses and walks u stairs toward him. Jack looks at her briefly and walks by paying attention to her. She closes her eyes, furious and humiliated.
69) 18) text: | Jack keeps walking without slowing down. John runs, cat | him and stops him. ( jl JOHN (CONT'D) / Where are you going? Jack doesn't answer and keeps going. John cuts in again. 74. JOHN (CONT’D) Your children baked you a cake. They’re waiting for you.
69) 20) text: Marianne watches them talk from a distance, without heari they are saying. John leaves Jack and walks past her towa car.
69) 25) text: yi? j MARIANNE é ‘Jesus?: What the! fuck’ does Jesus have ‘to do with this; John? Leave us alone é with, that. God damit é
70) 15) text: 125 INT. LIVING | ROOM, JACK’ ‘s KOUS - Freddy: cand. Gina araw: on the’ stoor. They ‘hear a nois opens. Both children raise.their heads, Jack walks..into and they storm down to see him. Freddy hugs Jack’s waist. and John stand to one side.
70) 47) text: Paul pulls out a cigarette and lights it. Almost immediat waiter walks over to them.
70) 59) text: 127 er RESTAURANT = DAY \ . 127 fy \ , : , Sof They head toward | "Paul! s car. 1en hé as ‘about to open Cristina stops | for a moment. | f, Po if . & 128 EXT..STREET -- MOMENTS ATER oe a 128 They walk down the street. The day is overcast and Cristi her hands inside her coat.
70) 78) text: Paul, dres “is sit tigen “che bed waite: : ng Cristina sl (dressed’ in black skorts an 1 a t- shirt as in Sc. 106 A drinks pequila) . Hel the alinost efpty bottle of ceduila on the eoncbebea. Then : ‘he Ooks at! cristina asleep again,’ gr revolver, tucks it a ihis Pants anc :
70) 81) text: Paul’s car is parked in the motel parking lot, facing ‘th Watching from his car, Paul smokes with the door open and profusely. In his lap is the .38 Smith and Wesson. He ope cylinder, makes sure the bullets are in place and closes He sees Jack leave his room through the windshield and qu tucks the gun into his waist. He lets Jack walk a few ste gets out of the car.
71) 0) text: Jack walks down the edge of the road. Paul follows him so yards behind. He suddenly quickens his pace, pulls out th and aims it at Jack’s head. Jack turns around and is startled. ‘PAUL Walk. He points at a path into the desert. Jack stands still. P the gun between Jack’s eyes. PAUL (CONT’D) I said walk. He points at the path again.
72) 0) text: They reach an isolated clearing. Jack walks with his hand head. Paul, aiming at Jack, signals a spot between two me Both look very nervous.
72) 5) text: ! (acbeat) / , ~— Get on your-~ “knées and take off your ~" shoes. ened L Paul looks as if he is about to shoot. The revolver shake hand. He sweats and is pale.
72) 16) text: an is sitting on the b 2 aiessed as in.Sc. 121 whén he ge of jail. Marianne, before him, bends down and kisses him mouth. She moves back and takes off her blouse and brassi has a small tattoo on her left shoulder.
72) 32) text: ia coffee in one , mand and a glass (of vodka ale and” unsettled. She séts the
72) 34) text: Po fio uo CRISTINA : ' / Are you. alright? “7 7" " ao
73) 5) text: Several members of the congregation turn to look at him to each other. He spots a few glances his way, among them from Sc.4 with whom he played jenga, who watches him some mockingly.
74) 0) text: Cristina sleeps in a t-shirt and shorts. We hear someone and breath agitatedly. Cristina wakes up, sits.on the bed realizes the bathroom light is on.
75) 0) text: She gets up and goes to the bathroom. She finds Paul sitt the floor against the tiling on the wall, coughing and br with difficulty. He looks pale and limp. ‘Cristina squats next to him, worried.
76) 14) text: a Gina goes back to the ‘table ito drawre > wt rs _ MARIANNE The lawyer also called to remind you you have to go sign on Monday.
78) 0) text: Marianne sleeps. Jack stands next to the bed dressed in b and a leather jacket. He bends down and kisses Marianne o forehead. She shifts. Jack looks at her for a few seconds, grabs a small suitca near the door and leaves.
80) 12) text: 149 EXT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 149 Paul rings the doorbell. Cristina opens, slightly drunk. taken aback by seeing her like this. She is wearing a lead blue dress, the same one as in sc. 150 INT. ENTRANCE, CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS 150 Paul walks inside and closes the door. They look at each without speaking for a moment. She looks very anxious.
80) 21) text: © CRISTINA (CONT’D) I’m not married, you know. I'm not anything in this world. I'm just not anything... Cristina cannot hold on any longer and, broken, hugs him. strokes her head trying to calm her down. She raises her slightly and moves away from him. She looks at him, raise hands and starts kissing him on the mouth. Paul doesn't know whether to answer the kiss or not, but along anyway. They kiss with increasing intensity. The kissing leads to stroking. Without ceasing to kiss an each other, | they lean on the wall.
80) 41) text: Cristina slams the door shut, leans on the wall and start disconsolately. 151 INT. LOCAL COUNTY PRECINCT -- NIGHT . isi Jack is sitting on a metal chair in a small precinct offi is cuffed before the county sheriff (37), and watched by guards.
80) 62) text: 152 INT. ROOM, CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- MORNING 152 Cristina is woken up by the light coming through the wind is asleep with the same lead blue dress from Sc. 150 wher throws Paul out. She sits up lazily on the bed and looks at the clock: 7:0 She rubs her forehead as if she were hung over. She stands up, goes to the curtains to close them. She di Paul’s car parked in front of her house. 153 EXT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER : 153 Cristina walks out, barefoot. She is wearing the lead blu She looks gaunt with swollen eyes. She heads toward Paul’s car, looks through the window and him sleeping inside. She steps back a few paces as if to turns around and looks in again. She knocks on the window. Paul doesn’t wake up. She insis rubs his eyes and unlocks the doors. He leoks awful: tire
80) 79) text: f \._/make love. She holds him tightly and starts to cry. S cries, shivering. 96. PAUL (CONT’D) I wanted to help in some way, to thank you for what I’d received. But I didn’t find you. (A beat) The day I saw you I was too attracted to you. And now I can’t be away from you anymore... I really can't. Ee looks moved. She looks at the floor and then at him ag
81) 0) text: Mary is sitting alone in the living room, sad and pensive stands up and opens a closet. She pulls out the jar in wh heart floats. She holds it up to the light. The heart bou against the glass.
83) 0) text: Cristina is sitting in a row of orange plastic chairs in clinic with few people. A female doctor in a white gown walks up to her.
84) 0) text: Cristina is sitting in a small cubicle with her left arm out toward a nurse, who prepares a needle.
84) 10) text: He opens the nightstand drawer. Inside is a small plastic with cocaine and some R-2 pills beside it. He moistens hi rubs some coke on his gums and then puts the bag back in drawer. He turns to Cristina and sadly looks at her naked back. H one of his fingers down her back without ceasing to look Cristina shifts position without waking up. Paul blows ou and brings his hand to his forehead, worried.
86) 0) text: Paul walks in the house. He is dressed in the same clothe Sc. 150 when he went to see Cristina. He sees a suitcase , living room and several things out of place. He hears n “his room and he goes to see.
86) 19) text: She goes to the door. : paul moves, aside and she walks a 166 EXT, STREET -- \ AFTERNOON , ne i , 166
87) 0) text: Cristina walks down the street where the soda fountain is same as Sc.2 where Michael and his daughters went for the time). She stops in front of the entrance, cups her hands around eyes and peers in.
88) 0) text: The place is half empty, with only a few clients. It cont with the clamor of the night of the accident.
89) 0) text: Cristina, greatly distressed, walks away from the door an into the street. She starts walking.
90) 0) text: “Cristina arrives at the corner where her family was run ooks both ways, steps off the sidewalk and crouches over
90) 1) text: pavement. She touches it softly with her hand. She closes eyes and puts her chin on her chest. 5. ks She 167 168 169 170 ee 106. She stands up and opens her eyes. People walk around her: walks his dog, a grandmother walks hand in hand with her granddaughter, cars pass. .
90) 12) text: . Que takes a knife, opens it, breathes deeply and starts at the tattoo, trying to remove it. He bleeds profusely b not stop until his forearm is in tatters. He throws the knife away and stretches out his left arm, the blood drip on the floor. 173 INT. ROOM, CRISTINA’S HOUSE -~ DAY’ 173 Paul and Cristina are lying naked on the bed. He is aslee awake, ceaselessly looks at the half-~open closet where w Michael’s clothing: shirts, a blue jacket, a pair of shoe suede jacket. She looks distressed, but still kisses Paul tenderly on t
90) 17) text: Paul is ‘washing his! hands in the sink. : i ! 7 PAUL “ : Do you! want something | to: ‘eat? I can” {whip. up some pasta or a salad.
91) 5) text: "We founa high’ ese ét E1tegal ‘substances in your blood... i think p you! re taking very he
91) 7) text: @M Cristina Looks at ner “challengingly. “CRISTINA That's my problem, isn't it?
91) 13) text: Dusk. Cristina is sitting at the kitchen table, leaning o elbows, hiding her face in her hands. : Paul walks in and sits down next to her. He watches her w saying a word. He stretches out his hand and caresses her Cristina moves away from his caress, stares at a fixed po starts to talk, almost whispering.
91) 16) text: i CRISTINA , . ‘Kati! would be alive’ ‘right now, but ‘he left her there, “lying ‘in the /street. He left: the hree of them : Like, animals...
91) 32) text: it easy?? My husband and my girls : ‘dead: and I'm supp sed to _take it oo? leasy? ! LOA i (a beat) / “ee ~ boa oe eae” This pain Srépd you on your’ knees : Me ~and never lets you get up... mever. ..W! Where do I crawl to hide from this pain? Tell me where? Paul tries to hug her to calm her down, but she moves awa points at his heart with her index finger.
91) 68) text: BOA eof LO jo? Poe foe He lowers the gun, turns around and walks away, leaving J kneeling..in the desert; who-Starts to cry. Lena
92) 0) text: Paul walks, gun in hand. He doesn't look well. He stops a his hand to his heart. He winces in pain. He tries to wal more steps and stops again. He has trouble breathing. He tries to go on and can't. He starts to vomit, retching violently.
93) 0) text: Mary is sitting alone and glum on a bed in the room, dres white surgical gown. Two nurses walk in pushing a gurney.
94) 2) text: Jack, with hi orearin bandaged, enters ‘the waiting xoom hesitant, walks over to Cristina, who will not stop, look the window. He stands* next to her’ without speaking - Th for a \while. pot y !
94) 18) text: Jack wants to say gométhing else, but she ‘turns around a him alone before ’ ithe farmers" furtive glances. :
94) 22) text: cristina, “areséea in “pladke shorts and aitishirt, isiin bathroom. She opens a backpack and takes out a small bagg with cocaine. She scoops some out with a bottlecap and sn She sits on the toilet cover, swallows and brings her han her head. She sighs, stands up and leaves the bathroom.
95) 0) text: Cristina walks down the hallways looking for Paul. She sp far away, sitting on the old plastic chairs in front of t empty pool. Far away we hear the coos of a mourning dove. She walks over to Paul and stands before him. He lifts hi to shield his brow from the sun vibrating behind her.
95) 10) text: Cristina's shakes. Paul gets up and walks away without sa . eft” atone next tothe emp 5 on the
95) 15) text: Paul walks into the room and. sits Or the bed. He logks’ has trouble breathing. i : He grabs. a pack of cigarettes and” takés” .one™out. He l starts'.smoking anxiously...He starts to Cough. He eloses and takes.a drag from the cigarette again. hovel Cristina walks in and sits down next to him and hugs him.
96) 31) text: : CRI srzit \ | Son of! La bitch, | son of ‘pitch... fy = ee Stop, Stope.” Le cua! Paul, increasingly pale and weak, starts to breathe with difficulty as he watches how Cristina furiously beats Jac falls on his knees.
97) 1) text: Paul’s lies Cristina’ ‘8 lap with open €yes. THe “¢ar dri full speed: is\chest is totally bloodstained. All-noise i away, wthe voices are distant. Bverythini loses focus. “
98) 0) text: Michael is standing in front of the register, paying. Kat next to him, holding his hand, while Laura walks toward t
102) 0) text: Jack, bearded, dirty, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans arri the door to his house. He puts his hands under the rug, p a key and opens the door. He walks in.
102) 6) text: 194 INT. INSEMINATION ROOM -- DAY 1g4 Mary is on a bed with her legs in the stirrups. The gynec takes an inseminator, removes some semen from the jar fro and is about to put it into Mary’s vagina. 195 INT. HALLWAY CRISTINA’S HOUSE ~- AFTERNOON 195 Cristina is standing in front of the closed door to her d room. She is slightly pregnant. She opens the door and wa 196 INT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE, DAUGHTER'S ROOM ~~ AFTERNOON 1 The girls’ room is arranged the way it was the day they d Several dolls are leaning on the pillows. Cristina goes to sit on the edge of one of the beds, in ‘ . Similar to the one Jack sat on in his kids’ room the da
102) 9) text: wad fy PAUL (V.0 How jmach is gained? 197 INT. r.c. u PUBLIC SERVICE | ‘CLINIC -- DAY f : 197 Paul locks at a clock ' on the walt: ‘twelve thirty six. looks at “the. unconscious, young woman, : : ~ paut, (V.9.) 21 grams... the weight of a stack of five nickels, the weight of a hummingbird, a chocolate bar... {A beat) How much do 21 grams weigh?.. He smiles slightly and closes his eyes. An alarm goes off hurry toward him.
103) 0) text: The sound of the alarm joins onto an empty highway in the The sun beats down. Jack walks down the highway (dressed was in Sc. 181 when he apologizes to Cristina, and with h bandaged) . No cars pass. In the distance, he sees some vultures eati roadkill on the pavement. He draws near and sees that they are devouring a dead jac He scares the vultures away and squats to look at it. -He puts his hand on its chest, strokes it and gazes at i 121.
103) 1) text: Jack grabs the jackrabbit by one of its legs and pulls it edge of the road. He leaves the jackrabbit on the side of ews without ceasing to look at it. "He suddenly hears a noise from the chaparral. He turns a sees a coyote. Their eyes meet for a few seconds until th trots away. Jack watches it get lost amid the brush.