2) 2) text: Seated in front of hin isa skinny, Black- haired boy. aay tattooed. They, play Jenga on: ‘table
2) 6) dialog: I always think, man..
2) 23) dialog: No shit?
2) 25) dialog: (Mocking) That's bullshit. I bet you stole it..
2) 27) dialog: Yeah right. He doesn't give a shit about us.. I bet he doesn't even know I exist.
6) 1) text: Jack and ‘the “boy signal each. other goodbyé in the reli center's -patio - - it looks“iike an old primary school e runs off to joa a group of ' young men-like him playi: ba i é f Reverend John (48) -rosy, red- haired wit ‘long sideburns moustache, dressed ‘in'a sort of black mess: jacket- Walk Jack as-he looks - at the boy.) i .
6) 6) text: Jack shakes” his head as he watches the boy play.
20) 30) text: The boy: hits her: and Gina screams in pain. Marianne pus chair.out and-stands up, angry. Shé walks ‘téward her dau grabs her -by ‘the hand and. takes her away - Freddy is “Bcared. ‘Jack stares at him and slaps him “vio the nape of the neck. JACK (CONT’D) There‘s no hitting in this house. He slaps him again. JACK (CONT’D) Understood? He turns to keep eating his spaghetti. 32 INT. PAUL’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 32 Paul is lying in bed, connected to the oxygen tank. He is a magazine by his bedside lamp. Mary, with her back turne him, undresses. : Mary slips on a nightgown and sits down in front of the m comb her hair. She puts the brush down and turns to Paul.
28) 4) text: | vs From a cabinet, he pulls out a Playboy and gives it to Pa GYNECOLOGIST (CONT’D) In case you need some inspiration.
50) 0) text: Several boys and girls about Katie and Laura’s age are st in line. Their expressions are serious and pained. Some mothers are in the back of court. In the middle are and Cristina, both dressed in black with sunglasses. A picture of Katie and one of Laura sits on a desk at the A priest (50) - gray hair, glasses, dressed in a dark sui
70) 29) text: Paul land cristina are sitting in, ery ichic, modern rest with large open windows and a terracé open to the Street. are barely three occupied tables-” ee boy Their table. is ‘just at t restaurant and the terra’