17) 0) text: Jack is sitting before Brown (40), the head of caddies. H wearing thick glasses, a cheap tie and a blue shirt with stains around the armpits.
17) 2) dialog: That's not the problem Jack. The thing is, some mémbers have been complaining about your tattoos. Colsack shows him his shirtsleeve.
17) 3) text: I’ve got a long-sleeve shirt; you can’t see them. ») Brown gets up and points to a tattoo on Jack’s neck.
17) 4) dialog: What about that one? Does your sleeve cover that one too, or are you going to start wearing a scarf? Brown looks out the window and points to some golf player
17) 5) dialog: Look Jack, this is a club for people different from you and me, you understand, right? Jack looks hurt.
17) 6) text: Brown, fl don’, ,\t ‘drink, r don’t steal, (Tim glean; why are you fixing me?
17) 7) text: on : ! BROWN i iT ‘know! you're: clean that’ s why I j/hired you. But this decision” comes / . an / from'the administration and if I: eS LS le don’t follow through they’ i fuck me!
17) 9) text: - too. ~, . bce (A beat) I got you a hefty severance check. You can pick it up at the cashier. Jack looks shocked. He runs his fingers through his hair up, apparently calm. Brown holds out his hand; Jack just him scornfully. BROWN (CONT’D) Try to understand. Suddenly, Jack gets a putter from a bag in the corner and he is about to smash some paintings of old-fashioned golf Brown stands fearless, waiting for him to finish releasin anger. Jack doesn’t break the paintings, throws the putte and leaves, slamming the glass door behind him. Luckily, not break. 25 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM, CRISTINA'’S HOUSE -- DAY 25 Cristina is sitting alone in front of the washing machine smokes nervously with teary eyes and drinks repeatedly fr hottle of vodka. On the washing machine are two black bag so
39) 1) dialog: Hey... Jack turns to look at him suspiciously.
39) 2) dialog: What are you doing here?
39) 6) dialog: I didn’t fire you Jack. If it were up to me I never would've fired you...
39) 9) dialog: I don't believe in God...
39) 11) dialog: 
39) 18) dialog: 
39) 20) dialog: Come on. I've been thinking of a job I can hook you up with. What do you say? Jack thinks about it for a few seconds.
52) 29) dialog: Dammit Jack, it's your birthday and you didn't even have one drink with me. You should never trust someone who doesn't drink.
52) 37) dialog: Yeah, great party, I bet they’re all as boring as you are.
52) 39) dialog: Nah, I'll pass. Jack sees the wristwatch on Brown's arm and turns it towa to see the time.
98) 3) text: Jack says goodbye to Brown in front of the same bar. He u the silver Ford Lobo with the remote control, opens the d gets in.