2) 0) text: Jack (35) is a strong, wiry man, with a‘closely shaven fa wolfish features. He wears blue jeans, a short-sleeved sh The phrase “Jesus loves you" is tattooed on his left fore his right are a Chinese ideogram and runes and there is a the back of his right hand. A small heart is tattooed on wooden chair in -a room decorated only by a cheap of a Renais nee hunting scéiie. Anvold refrigerator . of the corners. He sits on reproducti stands “in
2) 3) text: Jack pulls outia (piece, place e ‘on top and the tower sways slightly. i 4 :
2) 7) dialog: No, you don't: they didn't lock you up this time because you're not eighteen yet, but the next time you're gonna get fucked. Your turn. The boy pulls out a block and the tower collapses.
2) 8) dialog: See: you're not thinking. The boy sits, analyzing his defeat. Jack stands up, gets orange juice from the refrigerator, pours two glasses and one to the boy.
2) 9) dialog: Stealing might get you money, you can tap some cheerleader's ass and you can show off riding some pickle colored Thunderbird, but tell me: what the fuck are you gonna do if (MORE)
2) 14) dialog: you shoot a pregnant woman or an old man? Huh? You know what’1l happen? The guilt will suck you down to the bones. He drinks from his glass and looks at the boy again, who annoyed. . JACK (CONT’D) No, stealing cars isn’t worth it, believing in Jesus is.. He points at his "Jesus loves you" tattoo. He stands up a over to the window.
2) 15) dialog: Come here. The boy .walks-oever to.Him.”gack points at™a new; double silver ’Ford Lobo parked ‘inthe working-class street- tha
2) 19) text: Poa tg JACK (CONT’D) ~ O, /See that truck?.. It’sa beauty isn't.’ ; Pitre. : ‘ oF poR oF
2) 21) text: Jack pulls out a keychain and presses the alarm button. T horn honks and the lights flash.
2) 22) dialog: Iwon it at a Wal Mart raffle...
2) 24) dialog: No shit. But it wasn't luck - it was Jesus that wanted me to have that truck...
2) 26) dialog: Jesus Christ gave it to’me, it's he who gives’ and takes away...
2) 29) dialog: God even knows when a single hair moves on your head... © Jack presses the alarm button. The truck honks and flas
6) 1) text: Jack and ‘the “boy signal each. other goodbyé in the reli center's -patio - - it looks“iike an old primary school e runs off to joa a group of ' young men-like him playi: ba i é f Reverend John (48) -rosy, red- haired wit ‘long sideburns moustache, dressed ‘in'a sort of black mess: jacket- Walk Jack as-he looks - at the boy.) i .
6) 6) text: Jack shakes” his head as he watches the boy play.
6) 7) dialog: Not good. This kid's going to end up in jail.
6) 12) text: The fat man leaves. Jack and John walk outside.
7) 5) text: Jack picks him; up and kisses: him. Marianne walks up to Gina who, more reserved, hugs nex” father’ s: legs.
7) 12) dialog: No, and that's the end of it.
7) 17) dialog: We'll see...
9) 0) text: Jack walks down the hallway of a large jail, escorted by guards. Many inmates mock him through the bars.
9) 4) text: 12 13 Li. Jack glares at him. He walks in and they slam the gate sh
11) 0) text: Men and women who look like sinners being saved are takin C .in a religious ceremony led by John. Among them are Ja _/ family, dressed as they were in Sc.11 when Jack gets h
11) 21) text: Jack repeats the phrases passionately. Marianne, looking annoyed, barely mutters them.
14) 8) dialog: There’s not enough time, we have to take him to the hospital. Without another word, he grabs Paul by the shoulders and dragging him outside.
15) 0) text: A small group of curious onlookers (some half-dressed cou woman in her fifties) surround the room. Jack and Cristin Paul out, bleeding. Stumbling from Paul's weight, they finally reach a 99 For Cristina realizes she doesn’t have the car keys. She lets Paul and runs toward the room.
15) 3) text: Jack keebs dragging / frail tovana the car. : She comes b pair of: men’s pants’) ummaging Eor the Keys. in the pock } f She finds them, presses the button 5 unlock the car ahd o the back door.: They, lay Paul: in the’ car with difficul holds out the keys for Jack.? He declines with his and.
15) 7) dialog: I’m not driving.
16) 2) text: Jack arrives carrying a golf bag. He is dressed in white others, but wears a long-sleeve shirt.
16) 8) dialog: Just this one. Wanna help me carry it? The answer makes the other caddies cackle. One of them po a cooler overflowing with beers.
17) 0) text: Jack is sitting before Brown (40), the head of caddies. H wearing thick glasses, a cheap tie and a blue shirt with stains around the armpits.
17) 1) dialog: (Upset) I know I’m not the best caddy, but I’m working at it. I’m learning, Brown, I swear, I.won’t make you look bad...
17) 3) text: I’ve got a long-sleeve shirt; you can’t see them. ») Brown gets up and points to a tattoo on Jack’s neck.
17) 9) text: - too. ~, . bce (A beat) I got you a hefty severance check. You can pick it up at the cashier. Jack looks shocked. He runs his fingers through his hair up, apparently calm. Brown holds out his hand; Jack just him scornfully. BROWN (CONT’D) Try to understand. Suddenly, Jack gets a putter from a bag in the corner and he is about to smash some paintings of old-fashioned golf Brown stands fearless, waiting for him to finish releasin anger. Jack doesn’t break the paintings, throws the putte and leaves, slamming the glass door behind him. Luckily, not break. 25 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM, CRISTINA'’S HOUSE -- DAY 25 Cristina is sitting alone in front of the washing machine smokes nervously with teary eyes and drinks repeatedly fr hottle of vodka. On the washing machine are two black bag so
18) 0) text: In a large humus processing plant in the middle of the de Jack shovels black earth and puts it in a sack. Black dus scene and Jack looks dirty.
18) 4) text: Several workers shovel around Jack without noticing him,
19) 0) text: Jack sees Paul’s car drive by and his eyes meet with Cris who stares at him fiercely. He sees them drive on, grabs and loads: it into the truck.
20) 0) text: Jack's house is humble. The living room is sparsely furni decorated with cheap Wal-mart paintings - vases, boats - surrounding a large color photograph of Jack and his fami receiving the keys to the Ford Lobo in front of a Wal-Mar A broken electric fan sits in one of the corners. In the stands an old television .set - one of the first made wit control. “Jack and his family are sitting in the dining room, hold oli Te he says grace.
20) 4) dialog: Thank you, Lord, for keeping us together, for filling us with love and for giving us this meal. Amen.
20) 6) dialog: (to Marianne) I got fired from the club. Marianne holds the serving spoon in mid-air.
20) 11) dialog: (to Marianne) ‘ [r! guess so.
20) 16) dialog: I’1l find something. The children keep fighting. Suddenly Freddy hits Gina in She complains immediately.
20) 20) dialog: Which arm?
20) 22) dialog: Hold out your other arm.
20) 26) dialog: Hold it out and let your brother hit you.
20) 27) text: Jack, no.
20) 28) dialog: (to Marianne) "Whoever slaps you on your right cheek, turn the other to him also" (To the girl, who hesitates) Hold it out. She obeys and holds out_ her arm. ce ~..gacK (CONT’ B} Ly fto Freddy). fo \ Hit her. Poa f on} (the boy hesitates : : a said hit her. é
20) 30) text: The boy: hits her: and Gina screams in pain. Marianne pus chair.out and-stands up, angry. Shé walks ‘téward her dau grabs her -by ‘the hand and. takes her away - Freddy is “Bcared. ‘Jack stares at him and slaps him “vio the nape of the neck. JACK (CONT’D) There‘s no hitting in this house. He slaps him again. JACK (CONT’D) Understood? He turns to keep eating his spaghetti. 32 INT. PAUL’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 32 Paul is lying in bed, connected to the oxygen tank. He is a magazine by his bedside lamp. Mary, with her back turne him, undresses. : Mary slips on a nightgown and sits down in front of the m comb her hair. She puts the brush down and turns to Paul.
29) 23) text: ~ 48 INT. “KITCHEN JACKS Trish peers out the window and sees Jack’s Ford Lobo pull
30) 0) text: The truck still has its headlights on. Marianne knocks on window. Jack lowers it; he looks crushed.
30) 4) text: Jack: man and two ‘girls.
30) 7) dialog: I was speeding home.to make it to dinner, and I turned too quickly and they were crossing the street and... Jack chokes up and cannot go on. She walks toward the hoo dented and bloodstained. With her right index finger, Marianne touches the blood a it to her eyes as if she wants to make sure it is real. S it with her fingers and, horrified, turns to look at Jack barely be seen in the darkness.
31) 0) text: Jack drives nervously. Every time a trailer or truck driv him, he jerks the steering wheel. Cristina sits in the back seat. Paul's head is on her lap chest is covered in blood. She strokes his forehead repea
38) 0) text: Jack is standing in front of some lockers (dressed as he Sc.49 where he confesses the accident to Marianne) . He r his clothe ad various objects and puts_ them in bag.
38) 6) dialog: ‘No thanks, man.’ I'1l ‘figure it out /
38) 7) text: Jack closes | his locker ..an walks over to.the other cad
38) 8) dialog: Thanks for everything. I'll see you around. The caddy stands up. They knock fists.
39) 0) text: The sun starts to set. Several blackbirds fly toward some Jack heads toward his truck. He opens it and throws his bag inside. In the distance, B spots him and walks over.
39) 3) dialog: I came to get my things. Jack moves to get into his truck. Brown leans on the door
39) 7) text: Jack breathes in deeply and looks at him suspiciously.
39) 8) dialog: You swear to God you had nothing to do with this?
39) 10) dialog: You should... Brown loosens his tie. Jack still looks at him warily.
39) 19) text: Lo i ‘You should. come or; Jiist a ‘Couple | es) ‘ON ue" of beers. It's’ been a while since we - N44 . “ talked: a ne Le! Jack doesn't answer.
39) 21) dialog: Ok, let's go. 60 INT. WAITING ROOM HOSPITAL -~ NIGHT ‘ 60 Doctor Jones walks into the waiting room, alone. Cristina consoled, sitting between her father and Claudia.
44) 13) text: vin the kids’ room. Marianne walks! toward’ the house. j 73 Int. _ CHILDREN’ s. room, ga KS “HOUSE: ioe: . NIGHT f om /She opens. the: door taking, care to not make! noise. dimly lit. Jack is sitting between his children’s beds, w them, taciturn. Marianne stands in front of him. Feeling her presence, Ja his face and looks her in the eye.
44) 14) dialog: Did you go? She nods, then bends down and kneels. JACK (CONT’D) Are they dead? Marianne nods again. Jack has a pained expression on his looks at Gina who sleeps peacefully. JACK (CONT’D) I’m turning myself in tomorrow.
44) 19) dialog: What would you do if these were our children? Tell me: what? : CO ‘Marianne stands up and faces him.
44) 21) dialog: (Raising his voice): No, it didn’t happen to us; it happened to me, understand: me. I saw those girls dying and I ran away... The children stir in their beds from the voices. Jack’ le room. 74 INT. _ PIVING ROOM, JACK’ S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
44) 23) text: 75 int. ROOM; JACK’ s HOUSE. “7 continuous
44) 28) dialog: My duty is to god. Jack dodges her, walks into the bathroom and locks the do
47) 15) text: The P.I. is amused by the answer. He tips his beer toward CX Cheers. Paul answers the toast by bowing his head slightly. PB.l. 80 EXT. JACK’S HOUSE -~- NIGHT Marianne is in front of the bloodstained Ford Lobo. Below a bucket full of water. She takes out a wet rag and starts scrubbing the blood fo She cleans and cleans until she collapses, exhausted on t of the truck. 81 INT. DINING ROOM PAUL‘S APARTMENT -- AFTERNOON “Remnants of cake and dirty pets lie on the dining room t Mary, dressed~ was itt (at Paul’ s welcome party, cleans
49) 8) text: pores P.r. . i Tt wasia real tragedy. “Some” ‘guy called & . “2” Jack Jordan“ranh over him ‘and his two | . “sll Little girls~on May the second at ..Wi eight twenty p.m.
52) 36) dialog: And you should never trust pussies who talk such barbiedoll bullshit. (Pause) Why don’t you come to my place? I’m having a party.
52) 38) dialog: You'd be surprised...
52) 42) text: They say goodbye by ‘nbcking fists. Jack walks quickly to truck. cece” we o
56) 4) text: On hearirig” him. walk in, ‘Jaék, turns to 190k at qo weakly,’ and sits on the,-éots. ~ i v4 be JOHN “How are you? |} ho : an ; Jack doesn’ t answer. John sits’ ‘down next to _him.
56) 7) text: Jack Eixes “his eyes on the. floor.
56) 9) dialog: Jesus wanted this pain for me.
56) 11) dialog: No, this wasn’t an accident: Jesus chose me for this... John stands up and leans against the wall.
56) 15) dialog: If it was an accident, why do I have to ask for his mercy? (a beat) "I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion." Romans 9:15.
56) 18) dialog: "The fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and...
56) 23) text: CG gack ,"idolaters, andiall. : JOHN . : i Jesus came to save us, not to: damn ’ “ “ JACK
56) 24) text: «Shall have their part in ) the lake ~ which burneth with fire and brimstone" Revelation 21:8 John points to Jack's “Jesus loves you" tattoo on his for
56) 26) dialog: As many as I love I rebuke and chasten.." Revelation 3:19 They are silent for a few moments.
56) 27) dialog: Jesus betrayed me..
56) 31) dialog: Forgive me? I did everything he asked me to do. I changed, I gave him my life and he betrayed me... John looks gravely offended. His eyes light up and he can contain his rage. But Jack keeps staring at John with eve fiery eyes.
56) 32) dialog: He put that truck in my hands to carry out his fucking will. He made me kill those girls and didn't give me the strength to stay and save | "them. ao /
56) 38) text: if JACK ~~ God even. knows’ when a single hair moves on. your head... peel (Jack points his index finger at John.) And you taught me that. John is speechless. Jack sits back down on his bed and pa further attention to John. :
59) 0) text: The bathrooms are decorated with chipped green and white There is a row of open showers. A fat prisoner with an ea tattooed on his back bathes in a cloud of steam. Jack sits barefoot on a bench in front of the showers. He white sleeveless t-shirt and prison uniform pants. Tacitu stares at the water running into the drain. The prisoner finishes and starts to dry himself. He looks Cu wRe is still motionless.
59) 4) text: Jack doesn’t pay attention. The prisoner covers himself u the towel and walks toward the dressing rooms. Jack watch leave. He stands up and pulls the bench toward the shower
59) 5) text: He stands on the bench, ties one of his shirt-sleeves to | showerhead and the other to his neck. He sighs, kicks t away and hangs. His body is starting to go limp when the showerhead sudde breaks. Jack falls on his ass. Upon hearing the noise, the other prisoner runs into the He finds Jack sprawled out on the tiles, getting soaked b water flowing out of the broken showerhead, with his shir tied around his neck. When he sees the fat prisoner looking at him worriedly, J laughing to himself. 101
60) 0) text: Paul shuts off the engine. Cristina does not wake up. Pau (..\ the copilot seat back and leaves her half lying down \LY off his olive green jacket, bundles it up and puts it head as a pillow.
62) 0) text: Marianne sits in a room with a table and three chairs, li dusty, bare, 60 watt bulb. It is dark, cold and windowles Jack walks in escorted by two guards and sits down in fro her. The guards retire to the door.
62) 2) text: Jack shrugs “his shouldeys -” i aac
62) 7) dialog: Lying is a sin, Marianne. They are quiet for a few seconds. Marianne, nervous, wets lips before she goes on.
62) 9) dialog: I didn’t ask for a lawyer. Marianne exhales, exasperated. She opens her purse, takes children’s grade reports and puts them on the table.
62) 14) dialog: I can't leave here... MARIANNE . Do you want your children to spend another five years without you? Is that what you want?
62) 16) dialog: This is God's will..
62) 21) dialog: 
66) 22) text: “ Cristina stares absently to her right and left and sudd up. She walks toward the door and leaves. ° 111 INT. LIVING ROOM JACK'S HOUSE ~- DAY 1i1 Marianne walks through the living room with the hamster c Following her in a tantrum is Freddy and Gina who looks i sniffling and teary.
68) 0) text: The truck that transports the processing plant workers pu next to the motel. Jack hurdles over the back and lands o
68) 3) text: 116 Jack walks down the motel haitwal. Suddenly a door’ opens walks ‘out of a xoom. They eet faGe tO Lace’ Their eyes c Paul becomes: “uneasy. 5, ° i pod
68) 4) text: ‘Evening. Jack continues on his way and Paul watches him until he w into his room five doors down. 117 EXT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- EVENING 117 Paul parks the car in front of Cristina’s house. It is st slightly drizzling. Nightfall is imminent. 118 INT. PAUL’S CAR -- CONTINUOUS 118
69) 15) text: = At the “foot” of “the steps s Marianne. She wears jeans and a comfortable blouse. Jack and John walk through the main gate. Jack looks tire disheveled, with his beard grown out. He stops to look at world to which he returns a free man. The sun blinds him lifts his hand to see better. Marianne spots Jack, takes off her sunglasses and walks u stairs toward him. Jack looks at her briefly and walks by paying attention to her. She closes her eyes, furious and humiliated.
69) 18) text: | Jack keeps walking without slowing down. John runs, cat | him and stops him. ( jl JOHN (CONT'D) / Where are you going? Jack doesn't answer and keeps going. John cuts in again. 74. JOHN (CONT’D) Your children baked you a cake. They’re waiting for you.
69) 20) text: Marianne watches them talk from a distance, without heari they are saying. John leaves Jack and walks past her towa car.
70) 0) text: John drives, Jack sits next to him and in the back, Maria out the window. They are silent, tense.
70) 1) dialog: How much did you pay the lawyer?
70) 6) dialog: How much is enough?
70) 12) text: Jack doesn’ t say | anything else, turns’ around. The thr silent. i oboe Dod fof
70) 15) text: 125 INT. LIVING | ROOM, JACK’ ‘s KOUS - Freddy: cand. Gina araw: on the’ stoor. They ‘hear a nois opens. Both children raise.their heads, Jack walks..into and they storm down to see him. Freddy hugs Jack’s waist. and John stand to one side.
70) 26) dialog: Thank you sweethearts. He starts to choke up.
70) 28) dialog: Nothing sweetie, nothing... He strokes her head, tries~to smile and “Cannot” We" turn looks for Marianne and, hugs, her. He buries his face -in shoulder’. fo: 126
70) 81) text: Paul’s car is parked in the motel parking lot, facing ‘th Watching from his car, Paul smokes with the door open and profusely. In his lap is the .38 Smith and Wesson. He ope cylinder, makes sure the bullets are in place and closes He sees Jack leave his room through the windshield and qu tucks the gun into his waist. He lets Jack walk a few ste gets out of the car.
71) 0) text: Jack walks down the edge of the road. Paul follows him so yards behind. He suddenly quickens his pace, pulls out th and aims it at Jack’s head. Jack turns around and is startled. ‘PAUL Walk. He points at a path into the desert. Jack stands still. P the gun between Jack’s eyes. PAUL (CONT’D) I said walk. He points at the path again.
72) 0) text: They reach an isolated clearing. Jack walks with his hand head. Paul, aiming at Jack, signals a spot between two me Both look very nervous.
72) 2) dialog: I don’t have any money.
72) 6) dialog: Do I get on my knees or do I take my shoes off?
72) 10) text: Jack looks up; Paul still points.
72) 11) dialog: Done what?
72) 14) dialog: What do you want? Paul doesn’t answer. Jack raises his head and looks him i eyes. Paul gets even more nervous.
76) 0) text: Jack, Marianne and Freddy watch television in the living while Gina makes drawings on the coffee table.
76) 7) dialog: I‘il call him tomorrow. ) They go back to watching the T.V. show. Gina finishes h and shows it to her father.
76) 12) text: pot hab gy JACK : ‘Hey!/stop fighting. » {to Gina)? ; t Ss: very pretty.
76) 15) text: Jack nods as he watches T.V. Gina, without raising her ey the sketchpad, asks her father.
76) 18) dialog: Yes. They both look at each other for a few seconds. Freddy st watching television to look at them.
76) 19) dialog: Yes, it's true. Gina raises her head and looks at Jack in the eyes. 88.
76) 21) text: Jack is silent for a while.
78) 0) text: Marianne sleeps. Jack stands next to the bed dressed in b and a leather jacket. He bends down and kisses Marianne o forehead. She shifts. Jack looks at her for a few seconds, grabs a small suitca near the door and leaves.
79) 0) text: _/ Jack puts the suitcase on the floor and stares, in the the picture of him receiving the keys to his truck.
80) 0) text: Jack hurriedly parks in front of the "Emergency" sign. He out and opens the back door. Paul is bleeding on Cristina
80) 1) text: yy job gt JACK ‘Please, help us.
80) 5) dialog: He's been shot in the chest...
80) 10) dialog: I shot him. ~“ The night guard draws his gun and points it at Jack.
80) 11) text: Turn around and put your hands behind your neck. Jack does so. The guard cuffs him. Cristina stares astoni Jack.
80) 41) text: Cristina slams the door shut, leans on the wall and start disconsolately. 151 INT. LOCAL COUNTY PRECINCT -- NIGHT . isi Jack is sitting on a metal chair in a small precinct offi is cuffed before the county sheriff (37), and watched by guards.
80) 43) dialog: Around seven p.m.
80) 45) dialog: { I didn't know him. He came to threaten : to kill me. a nd
80) 49) dialog: Nothing. He left.
80) 51) dialog: I went looking for him.
80) 53) dialog: To kill him before he killed me. ~
80) 55) dialog: 
80) 59) text: Jack looks at° him without saying a word.’
82) 0) text: Paul and Cristina are naked on the bed, kissing. On the c his leather jacket and on the floor is Cristina's lead bl (the same from Sc.1). “She looks him in the eyes and caresses his face. They st
82) 4) text: 157 INT. DINING ROOM JACK’S HOUSE -~ EVENING © 157 Marianne helps her kids with their homework in the dining
82) 10) text: Jack is on the phone at the ‘motel’ Ss chipped reception a simple lobby, with worn sofas and tacky imitation paint A skinny woman (50) with dyed hair, listens to the radio on a bench on the other side of the counter. Jack listens Marianne.
82) 12) dialog: Marianne..
82) 14) dialog: I'm where I have to be...
82) 17) dialog: I can't look my children in the eyes, I can't look you in the eyes.
82) 20) text: JACK “| No. What happened had to happen and whatever happens has to happen.
82) 22) dialog: God writes against us and there's nothing we can do to erase it. We can't escape him. we can't... Crying is heard on the other end of the phone.
82) 24) text: poy MARI / Jack, please. !
82) 25) text: coe . Te s in his. hands, not mine... bene! Jack hangs up the receiver on the old-fashioned cream-col phone and remains pensive, breathing agitatedly.
85) 0) text: Jack is sitting before an empty desk. The sheriff arrives down and places some papers on the desk. _
85) 5) text: He hands him a document. SHERIFF (CONT’D) Sign here. Jack takes the paper and signs it.
85) 6) dialog: ana what if I really am guilty?
90) 12) text: . Que takes a knife, opens it, breathes deeply and starts at the tattoo, trying to remove it. He bleeds profusely b not stop until his forearm is in tatters. He throws the knife away and stretches out his left arm, the blood drip on the floor. 173 INT. ROOM, CRISTINA’S HOUSE -~ DAY’ 173 Paul and Cristina are lying naked on the bed. He is aslee awake, ceaselessly looks at the half-~open closet where w Michael’s clothing: shirts, a blue jacket, a pair of shoe suede jacket. She looks distressed, but still kisses Paul tenderly on t
91) 54) text: From a wide shot’ we see Paul and Jackin the’ desert clea Se. 132. “Jack is kneeling. and” Paul is aiming at his th
91) 56) dialog: Done what?
91) 58) dialog: What do you want? Paul doesn't answer. Jack raises his head and looks him i eyes. Paul gets even more nervous.
94) 2) text: Jack, with hi orearin bandaged, enters ‘the waiting xoom hesitant, walks over to Cristina, who will not stop, look the window. He stands* next to her’ without speaking - Th for a \while. pot y !
94) 5) dialog: Please forgive me.. She looks at him for a few more seconds and then looks ba at the desert. Jack takes half a step forward.
94) 6) dialog: There hasn't been one night, not one, I've been able to sleep through - not one minute I don't think about them. His voice breaks up. Cristina turns to look at him full o resentment and rage.
94) 8) dialog: ( ‘ There was nothing I could do and I / was scared, very scared. Jack is desperate, on the verge of crying.
94) 12) text: JACK (CONT’D) Forgive me, please. If I could I would exchange my life for theirs... Cristina starts crying quietly.
94) 14) dialog: Please forgive me.. I don't know what else to do. Cristina turns to look at him.
94) 18) text: Jack wants to say gométhing else, but she ‘turns around a him alone before ’ ithe farmers" furtive glances. :
96) 4) dialog: (challenging) You wanted to kill me motherfucker? Cristina turns on the light.
96) 5) dialog: (Screaming at Paul) No one ‘threatens me, bitch:: poe een
96) 19) dialog: Kill me asshole...
96) 21) dialog: You don't have the balls, motherfucker.
96) 24) text: Jack turns to Cristina.
96) 26) dialog: Here I am.. He lifts up his arms defiantly. Cristina grabs the bedsid “and throws it at him. Jack opens his arms and receives t unfazed. Cristina grows furious and grabs the poker from the run-d chimney and starts beating him furiously. Jack withstands the first blow, but the second blow to hi makes him stagger. Paul tries to get up but cannot. He starts. yelling at Cr
96) 37) text: Jack remains motionless, stunned.
96) 39) dialog: There’s not enough time, we have take him to the hospital.
98) 3) text: Jack says goodbye to Brown in front of the same bar. He u the silver Ford Lobo with the remote control, opens the d gets in.
100) 0) text: | Jack closes the door, starts the engine and drives off.
102) 0) text: Jack, bearded, dirty, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans arri the door to his house. He puts his hands under the rug, p a key and opens the door. He walks in.
102) 6) text: 194 INT. INSEMINATION ROOM -- DAY 1g4 Mary is on a bed with her legs in the stirrups. The gynec takes an inseminator, removes some semen from the jar fro and is about to put it into Mary’s vagina. 195 INT. HALLWAY CRISTINA’S HOUSE ~- AFTERNOON 195 Cristina is standing in front of the closed door to her d room. She is slightly pregnant. She opens the door and wa 196 INT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE, DAUGHTER'S ROOM ~~ AFTERNOON 1 The girls’ room is arranged the way it was the day they d Several dolls are leaning on the pillows. Cristina goes to sit on the edge of one of the beds, in ‘ . Similar to the one Jack sat on in his kids’ room the da
103) 0) text: The sound of the alarm joins onto an empty highway in the The sun beats down. Jack walks down the highway (dressed was in Sc. 181 when he apologizes to Cristina, and with h bandaged) . No cars pass. In the distance, he sees some vultures eati roadkill on the pavement. He draws near and sees that they are devouring a dead jac He scares the vultures away and squats to look at it. -He puts his hand on its chest, strokes it and gazes at i 121.
103) 1) text: Jack grabs the jackrabbit by one of its legs and pulls it edge of the road. He leaves the jackrabbit on the side of ews without ceasing to look at it. "He suddenly hears a noise from the chaparral. He turns a sees a coyote. Their eyes meet for a few seconds until th trots away. Jack watches it get lost amid the brush.