7) 5) text: Jack picks him; up and kisses: him. Marianne walks up to Gina who, more reserved, hugs nex” father’ s: legs.
7) 8) dialog: Freddy, we agreed no dogs.
7) 10) dialog: Your sister has asthma and dog hair is bad for her...
11) 21) text: Jack repeats the phrases passionately. Marianne, looking annoyed, barely mutters them.
20) 7) dialog: The usual?
20) 18) dialog: Freddy, stop it.
20) 25) dialog: Jack, don’t start.
20) 30) text: The boy: hits her: and Gina screams in pain. Marianne pus chair.out and-stands up, angry. Shé walks ‘téward her dau grabs her -by ‘the hand and. takes her away - Freddy is “Bcared. ‘Jack stares at him and slaps him “vio the nape of the neck. JACK (CONT’D) There‘s no hitting in this house. He slaps him again. JACK (CONT’D) Understood? He turns to keep eating his spaghetti. 32 INT. PAUL’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 32 Paul is lying in bed, connected to the oxygen tank. He is a magazine by his bedside lamp. Mary, with her back turne him, undresses. : Mary slips on a nightgown and sits down in front of the m comb her hair. She puts the brush down and turns to Paul.
23) 0) text: Marianne is in her living room surrounded by several gues convicts (among them the fat man from Sc.9), door-to-door converted young men, women with dyed hair and reverend Jo On the tables are bottles of soda, potato chips, pretzels alcohol. The only smoker in the room is a squalid, pale y woman. The house seems too small for so many guests, and Mariann uncomfortable. She moves from one group of people to the almost without talking to anyone. Overwhelmed, Marianne g the kitchen.
24) 0) text: Three people chat inside. In front of the stove, Trish (4 (swearing jeans and a black t-shirt- is stirring soup in \uj/pot. She turns toward Marianne.
24) 4) dialog: He said he’d be back by eight. The others leave the kitchen only Trish and Marianne rema looks around her and checks that no one is watching. She down and pulls out an open beer from under the sink. She to Marianne.
24) 11) text: She gives: Tt. to: Marianne, who: turns her’ back to the- takes ja gulp and, Logics disgusted. o
24) 15) text: Marianne smiles in complicity, feigns giving the beer bac then gives it another drink. Both break into laughter. 39 INT. HALL CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 39 Cristina walks in with a gym bag. She is wearing sweatpan her hair is wet. The house is cozy with family portraits Michael, the children and herself. Brick walls, several p She stops at the foot of the stairs.
27) 0) text: John drives an old 1983 Pontiac. Marianne sits beside him are silent and slightly uncomfortable.
29) 21) text: Sever guests! cackle. at the “56 e. “Mexdanne “laughs: di The noise of a car is ‘heard / land Marianne turns toward
29) 25) dialog: Let’s see what he comes up with. She moves away from the window, walks toward the stove, l one of the burners and puts a frying pan om the fire. . MARIANNE (CONT‘D) What’s he doing?
29) 27) dialog: oy (To Trish) Ly Don’t let the rice burn.
30) 0) text: The truck still has its headlights on. Marianne knocks on window. Jack lowers it; he looks crushed.
30) 1) dialog: It’s ten o’clock. What are you going to make up now? Traffic? Or were you "preaching the Word" when the entire congregation has been here waiting for you for the past two hours? It’s your party, remember? He keeps his eyes on the dashboard and does not answer. M leans toward. him, irritated.
30) 2) dialog: What’s wrong with you? Have you been (Grinking?
34) 0) text: Marianne is standing in front of the truck, which still h lights on. Trish looks at them from the window and walks
34) 2) dialog: Jack ran over a man and some girls. He thinks he killed them.
34) 4) dialog: Tell John, make sure no one notices and get everyone to leave. Then take the truck out back and don't let anybody see Jack.
38) 0) text: Jack is standing in front of some lockers (dressed as he Sc.49 where he confesses the accident to Marianne) . He r his clothe ad various objects and puts_ them in bag.
44) 4) text: Marianne gets out of the car. Trish runs up to her.
44) 6) dialog: Did you get the people out?
44) 13) text: vin the kids’ room. Marianne walks! toward’ the house. j 73 Int. _ CHILDREN’ s. room, ga KS “HOUSE: ioe: . NIGHT f om /She opens. the: door taking, care to not make! noise. dimly lit. Jack is sitting between his children’s beds, w them, taciturn. Marianne stands in front of him. Feeling her presence, Ja his face and looks her in the eye.
44) 15) dialog: John says nobody saw you, nobody. They don’t know the license plates fo or what car it was. Some asshole Ny even swears it was a cab. Jack lifts Marianne off her knees and stands up.
44) 20) dialog: They're not: it didn’t happen to us.
44) 22) text: He walks tt¥ough the, Liviiig room past ohn and Trish! s stare sand into. his room followed by Marianne.
44) 25) text: MARIANNE’ iwhat the fuck do you gain by. ‘turning : yourself in?/ ; Bo,
44) 27) dialog: Your duty is here with us, with your family.
44) 29) dialog: Jack, please. She leans on the door, distressed.
47) 15) text: The P.I. is amused by the answer. He tips his beer toward CX Cheers. Paul answers the toast by bowing his head slightly. PB.l. 80 EXT. JACK’S HOUSE -~- NIGHT Marianne is in front of the bloodstained Ford Lobo. Below a bucket full of water. She takes out a wet rag and starts scrubbing the blood fo She cleans and cleans until she collapses, exhausted on t of the truck. 81 INT. DINING ROOM PAUL‘S APARTMENT -- AFTERNOON “Remnants of cake and dirty pets lie on the dining room t Mary, dressed~ was itt (at Paul’ s welcome party, cleans
62) 0) text: Marianne sits in a room with a table and three chairs, li dusty, bare, 60 watt bulb. It is dark, cold and windowles Jack walks in escorted by two guards and sits down in fro her. The guards retire to the door.
62) 1) dialog: How are you doing?
62) 3) text: . How are the kids? i : MARIANNE / poe i ghey won't stop | asking. about you. (aibeat) . 1, told them you wetit™ ora trip.
62) 6) dialog: What for?
62) 8) dialog: I sold the truck to pay for the lawyer.
62) 10) dialog: The kids’ grades. Gina did good, but Freddy had 4 detentions for misconduct. (a beat) The kids need you. I need you..
62) 17) dialog: Four years ago you didn't believe in anything, and now everything has to do with God. Jack fixes his eyes on her. She is not intimidated.
62) 18) dialog: eT preferred” you the way you were™ ~~ before. | a ’
62) 23) text: ‘ MARTANN LO Dat least that was’ you. “Now Iv don't ; CO .’ Rave the..slightest fucking idea who _/ Salle you are. ow . a Marianne gets up and heads toward the door. Before she le turns around. .
62) 24) dialog: Life has to go on, Jack, with or without God... She crosses between the two door guards. Jack rests his e the table and rubs his head.
66) 22) text: “ Cristina stares absently to her right and left and sudd up. She walks toward the door and leaves. ° 111 INT. LIVING ROOM JACK'S HOUSE ~- DAY 1i1 Marianne walks through the living room with the hamster c Following her in a tantrum is Freddy and Gina who looks i sniffling and teary.
66) 24) dialog: The hair is making your sister sick, can't you see?
66) 28) text: Marianne takes: the hamster outsid
66) 32) text: Marianne turns to look at him, with the trace of a smile.
66) 33) dialog: Honey, no.. look.. I'm going to buy you each a frog... ok?
66) 35) dialog: Alright, a turtle... Freddy is still upset.
66) 37) dialog: That's stupid. She throws the hamster cage and goes inside. Her children awestruck, run after her.
69) 15) text: = At the “foot” of “the steps s Marianne. She wears jeans and a comfortable blouse. Jack and John walk through the main gate. Jack looks tire disheveled, with his beard grown out. He stops to look at world to which he returns a free man. The sun blinds him lifts his hand to see better. Marianne spots Jack, takes off her sunglasses and walks u stairs toward him. Jack looks at her briefly and walks by paying attention to her. She closes her eyes, furious and humiliated.
69) 16) dialog: (muttering) Son of a bitch.
69) 20) text: Marianne watches them talk from a distance, without heari they are saying. John leaves Jack and walks past her towa car.
69) 22) dialog: He's a fucking piece of shit.. John stops and then walks up to her.
69) 25) text: yi? j MARIANNE é ‘Jesus?: What the! fuck’ does Jesus have ‘to do with this; John? Leave us alone é with, that. God damit é
69) 27) text: Marianne tums around ‘ana heads toward the. ear. 123
70) 3) text: How much did the fucking monkey 1 He turns to Marianne waiting for an answer. charge?
70) 4) text: Marianne still doesn’t answer. John breaks the silence.
70) 7) dialog: (annoyed) Enough so that your kids can remember your fucking face. (Pause) “And if.you Keep asking stupid questions I‘m getting o on the- mex corner. \ 4
72) 16) text: an is sitting on the b 2 aiessed as in.Sc. 121 whén he ge of jail. Marianne, before him, bends down and kisses him mouth. She moves back and takes off her blouse and brassi has a small tattoo on her left shoulder.
72) 18) dialog: I missed you, I missed you so much... She is increasingly aroused. Jack, after being distant, i on, takes Marianne's pants off and gets naked. He turns Marianne face down and starts fucking her roughl with no amorous concessions. She seems as if she is on th of enjoying or suffering. Suddenly Jack: stops, hugs her from behind and starts cry turns to kiss him, but he will not stop crying. He hugs h forcefully, as if here were going to break her, crying. 134 j%INT. LIVING ROOM, CRISTINA'S HOUSE -- DAY ( \Paul and Cristina enter the living room. He walks in s ae
76) 0) text: Jack, Marianne and Freddy watch television in the living while Gina makes drawings on the coffee table.
76) 1) dialog: (to Jack) Brown called to say he found you a job as a caddy at the WD club.
76) 14) text: a Gina goes back to the ‘table ito drawre > wt rs _ MARIANNE The lawyer also called to remind you you have to go sign on Monday.
76) 17) dialog: No.
76) 22) dialog: It was an accident sweetie. Jack looks.at her harshly. Gina remains pensive for a few and keeps drawing. Without much fuss, Jack gets up and go his room. 141 INT. ROOM, PAUL’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT 141 Paul and Mary sleep. We suddenly hear a noise. Both wake haze. Paul gets up, turns on the light, rummages through clothes and pulls out a cellular phone.
78) 0) text: Marianne sleeps. Jack stands next to the bed dressed in b and a leather jacket. He bends down and kisses Marianne o forehead. She shifts. Jack looks at her for a few seconds, grabs a small suitca near the door and leaves.
82) 4) text: 157 INT. DINING ROOM JACK’S HOUSE -~ EVENING © 157 Marianne helps her kids with their homework in the dining
82) 5) dialog: (To Gina) What's five times seven? Gina starts to count with her fingers. MARIANNE (CONT’D) Think about it; don’t count with your fingers.
82) 10) text: Jack is on the phone at the ‘motel’ Ss chipped reception a simple lobby, with worn sofas and tacky imitation paint A skinny woman (50) with dyed hair, listens to the radio on a bench on the other side of the counter. Jack listens Marianne.
82) 11) dialog: Hello... hello...
82) 13) dialog: Jack, where are you? .
82) 15) dialog: Are you sure you're ok? There is a long pause. Jack takes a while in answering.
82) 19) dialog: Jack, the kids love you, I love you. We'll go to wherever you are...
82) 21) dialog: What?
82) 23) dialog: are you talking ‘about