4) 0) text: Mary (38) with vigorous, sweet eyes- is lying on a gyneco examining table, with her legs open on the stirrups. A gynecologist examines her with a nurse beside him. He finishes and loo in the eyes.
18) 9) text: Doctor Rothberg (50) robust, ved= ‘ndired- examines him. him is Dolores; (60), ; the nurse; a woman | with ‘deep b maternal. ood a ; A oe we mo ~~ ROTHEERG Is there any pain?
33) 0) text: Cristina, her father and Claudia wait silently. Doctor Mo (52), still in his surgical gown, and doctor Jones (60), wearing a white gown, slacks and a tie, walk up to them a by a nurse (34). As soon as they arrive, Cristina stands up.
39) 51) text: The nurses. wheél Paul” n. “and “the doors close behind! remains alone in the hallway. She turns around and leaves
84) 0) text: Cristina is sitting in a small cubicle with her left arm out toward a nurse, who prepares a needle.
84) 1) dialog: Have you ever had any infectious diseases such as hepatitis or HIV? Cristina shakes her head. She watches as the nurse ties a tournique to her arm.
84) 4) dialog: rf Bre you “using any medication or is bo? | there anything that would prevent : iyou from donating blood. Co
84) 7) dialog: Are you sure?
84) 9) dialog: Open and close your fist several times. Cristina does and the nurse sticks the needle in her vein small jar starts filling with blood. 161 INT. CRISTINA’S ROOM (BEGINNING SC.1) -- DAY 161 Paul and Cristina are lying in bed. Their clothes are str the room as in Sc.1. Paul wakes up and looks at Cristina asleep next to him. H on the mattress and lights a cigarette. On the nightstand him he sees a book, a case for glasses, and a male wristw It is obvious this was Michael’s nightstand. He takes the it is "Cruising Paradise" by Sam Shepard. He leafs throug discovers a Polaroid photograph of Michael and Cristina h and smiling. 100. Paul studies it and puts it back between the pages. He cl book, grabs the case and takes out the glasses. He puts t looks through them and then puts them back in their place
91) 0) text: Cristina is sitting in the waiting room. The nurse that d in Sc. 160 arrives to see her.
91) 2) dialog: Excuse me, ma’am, do you have a minute? Cristina, very tired, slowly assents. The nurse sits next
91) 8) dialog: In your state I suggest you stop using these substances.
91) 10) dialog: You're pregnant, didn't you know?
91) 12) dialog: You have to take care of yourself ma'am. We'll tell you as soon as mr. Rivers leaves the O.R.. 109. The nurse walks out. Cristina stays, alone, disconsolate, at the floor. 177 INT. KITCHEN, CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- EVENING
93) 0) text: Mary is sitting alone and glum on a bed in the room, dres white surgical gown. Two nurses walk in pushing a gurney.
93) 1) dialog: Ready? Mary nods. Nurse 2 points at the gurney.
93) 2) dialog: Lie down please. Mary gets up and walks over to the gurney.
93) 8) dialog: About three hours... (a beat) Who'll be going with you? Mary sighs and takes a while to answer.