1) 9) text: She stops blowing and-lapS up the spilled milkshake’ fron of the ‘S1A88.. Her father ‘smiles condescendingly.-
2) 3) text: Jack pulls outia (piece, place e ‘on top and the tower sways slightly. i 4 :
2) 19) text: Poa tg JACK (CONT’D) ~ O, /See that truck?.. It’sa beauty isn't.’ ; Pitre. : ‘ oF poR oF
3) 0) text: Paul -with a grown beard, slightly long hair, and wearing robe- is half sitting on a bed in the Intensive Care Unit modest clinic. He is connected to a respirator, with an I.V. in his left electrodes attached to his chest. A discontinuous green l in a monitor.
7) 5) text: Jack picks him; up and kisses: him. Marianne walks up to Gina who, more reserved, hugs nex” father’ s: legs.
17) 0) text: Jack is sitting before Brown (40), the head of caddies. H wearing thick glasses, a cheap tie and a blue shirt with stains around the armpits.
17) 9) text: - too. ~, . bce (A beat) I got you a hefty severance check. You can pick it up at the cashier. Jack looks shocked. He runs his fingers through his hair up, apparently calm. Brown holds out his hand; Jack just him scornfully. BROWN (CONT’D) Try to understand. Suddenly, Jack gets a putter from a bag in the corner and he is about to smash some paintings of old-fashioned golf Brown stands fearless, waiting for him to finish releasin anger. Jack doesn’t break the paintings, throws the putte and leaves, slamming the glass door behind him. Luckily, not break. 25 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM, CRISTINA'’S HOUSE -- DAY 25 Cristina is sitting alone in front of the washing machine smokes nervously with teary eyes and drinks repeatedly fr hottle of vodka. On the washing machine are two black bag so
20) 62) text: Pi PAUL oo) ‘Why go! you want imy child? I m dying.” vagy ee wet
22) 8) text: ( "36 EXT. STREET 4 woMEnt Paul walks out with his shopping bag. He sees Cristina wa He pulls out a cigarette, lights it and watches her get l the distance.
25) 2) text: 41 INT. GIRLS ROOM CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS 41 She walks into the room and turns her cell phone on to li er messages. While she does so she starts picking up afte daughters and tidying the room up.
28) 4) text: | vs From a cabinet, he pulls out a Playboy and gives it to Pa GYNECOLOGIST (CONT’D) In case you need some inspiration.
29) 0) text: Cristina walks into the hospital and hurries toward the f desk. She stands before the receptionist.
32) 3) text: : pod _ROTHBERG , iz ‘can’ & tell you, hospital } SG -régulations. Just,like the donor's ‘family’ doesn’ x know your name: either. “PRUL : “tT need to. “know, really. =... bison
39) 7) text: Jack breathes in deeply and looks at him suspiciously.
45) 16) text: e A heart: shaped ‘cake is. at the center of ithe table.. is decorated with "Welcome home" in red icing. A cake knife cuts out a slice. The camera pulls back and Paul sitting at the head of the table and Mary cutting th Several friends surround them arid some kids run around. Mary serves Paul a large slice. He forks a piece into his
47) 0) text: A private investigator (55) bald, with a spade beard- is before a bowling lane, ball in hand. He starts off, slide lets the ball go. There are two pins at the end of the la only knocks down one of them. He turns around and smacks his left palm with his right f P.I. Shit! He goes to sit down. On one of the chairs is Paul. The P. a beer and drinks. When he's done he wipes his mouth off back of his hand.
47) 1) dialog: When did you say you had surgery? eos PAUL © 3 May the second. The man that gave me a his heart must have died that day or the day before. 79
47) 10) text: Sy Z ‘pan: even find out “what” kind” of i, . ° anderwear. the guy used. = i ~ ~~ paun I don’t have any money on me, but I can send a check to your office. The P.I. smiles and signals around him. P.d. The world is my office and this... (Shows him a cell phone) is my secretary. Deposit the money in this account tomorrow. He pulls out a pen, writes the account number on a piece and gives it to Paul, who reads it and puts it away. The drinks from his beer.
47) 11) dialog: Hey, what does it feel like to have somebody else's heart? Paul thinks about the question.
47) 15) text: The P.I. is amused by the answer. He tips his beer toward CX Cheers. Paul answers the toast by bowing his head slightly. PB.l. 80 EXT. JACK’S HOUSE -~- NIGHT Marianne is in front of the bloodstained Ford Lobo. Below a bucket full of water. She takes out a wet rag and starts scrubbing the blood fo She cleans and cleans until she collapses, exhausted on t of the truck. 81 INT. DINING ROOM PAUL‘S APARTMENT -- AFTERNOON “Remnants of cake and dirty pets lie on the dining room t Mary, dressed~ was itt (at Paul’ s welcome party, cleans
49) 0) text: It is a pretentious restaurant decorated in bad taste, wh middle class families eat. The P.I. is sitting at a table Paul finds him just as he is about to bite into a sandwic stands up on seeing Paul and invites him to sit down. P.I. How're you doing?
49) 7) dialog: The man who gave you your heart was called Michael Beck. He was 37 years old, an architect and married. He takes out some photocopies from the folder. P.I. (CONT’D) This is the transplant authorization signed by his wife, Cristina Williams, and this is a copy of the medical report.. Here's the widow's phone number and_ address in case -you' re interest é °
49) 10) dialog: This Jordan guy's really something. He's been in and out of the joint since he was 16. The last time they locked him up was 'cause he let off a shot while he was mugging someone and he hit a pregnant woman walking by. God knows how the woman survived, but he went fucking nuts with guilt and punched his cell walls until he cracked his wrists and hands. He got out just two years ago. Paul takes the cutout and looks at it. He pales and start breathing with difficulty. The P.I. is frightened at seei like this.
49) 15) dialog: Do you want some water? Paul lifts his hand up to signal he is better.
50) 0) text: Several boys and girls about Katie and Laura’s age are st in line. Their expressions are serious and pained. Some mothers are in the back of court. In the middle are and Cristina, both dressed in black with sunglasses. A picture of Katie and one of Laura sits on a desk at the A priest (50) - gray hair, glasses, dressed in a dark sui
52) 24) text: iit. pi eam, fo : iy / Then which is? some poe :
58) 26) text: cristina, sbks “at the ‘pills, :
58) 33) text: Cristina takes two, looks at Ana and grabs another two. S swallows all four down with tap water. Ana raises her eye ANA (CONT’D) That’s my girl. Just take it easy on the booze, ok? We don’t want you stuck in the other side of heaven. Cristina looks at her deprecatively. She grabs the bag of fistful of pills and puts them in her purse.
60) 0) text: Paul shuts off the engine. Cristina does not wake up. Pau (..\ the copilot seat back and leaves her half lying down \LY off his olive green jacket, bundles it up and puts it head as a pillow.
63) 0) text: Cristina, dressed in shorts and a black t-shirt, is leani the hallway banister. In-the distance, we can see the lig the cars driving down the highway. The sun is about to ri She takes long drinks from a bottle of tequila. She pulls plastic bag, opens it: there are several R-2 pills. She t four and washes them down with a drink. She turns around into the room.
66) 0) text: Inside the Malibu is the P.I. . PI. Hey.
66) 12) text: P.t. Clean gun, no record. Paul tries to open the cylinder but cannot. The P.I. gest Paul to give him the gun. He skillfully opens the cylinde puts the bullets in.
66) 13) text: He closes the cylinder and leaves the gun loaded. P.I. (CONT’D) To shoot you just have to cock it. He shows him how to do it and then puts the hammer back i and hands Paul the loaded gun.
66) 14) dialog: There you go. Is it to kill this guy?
66) 16) text: \ i PLT! bo: : ‘re you! eid him, say I sold it | Pi ito you, :
70) 29) text: Paul land cristina are sitting in, ery ichic, modern rest with large open windows and a terracé open to the Street. are barely three occupied tables-” ee boy Their table. is ‘just at t restaurant and the terra’
79) 0) text: _/ Jack puts the suitcase on the floor and stares, in the the picture of him receiving the keys to his truck.
80) 62) text: 152 INT. ROOM, CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- MORNING 152 Cristina is woken up by the light coming through the wind is asleep with the same lead blue dress from Sc. 150 wher throws Paul out. She sits up lazily on the bed and looks at the clock: 7:0 She rubs her forehead as if she were hung over. She stands up, goes to the curtains to close them. She di Paul’s car parked in front of her house. 153 EXT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER : 153 Cristina walks out, barefoot. She is wearing the lead blu She looks gaunt with swollen eyes. She heads toward Paul’s car, looks through the window and him sleeping inside. She steps back a few paces as if to turns around and looks in again. She knocks on the window. Paul doesn’t wake up. She insis rubs his eyes and unlocks the doors. He leoks awful: tire
84) 10) text: He opens the nightstand drawer. Inside is a small plastic with cocaine and some R-2 pills beside it. He moistens hi rubs some coke on his gums and then puts the bag back in drawer. He turns to Cristina and sadly looks at her naked back. H one of his fingers down her back without ceasing to look Cristina shifts position without waking up. Paul blows ou and brings his hand to his forehead, worried.
85) 2) text: slack of i : pi ack t ‘But ‘I've confessed. “
96) 31) text: : CRI srzit \ | Son of! La bitch, | son of ‘pitch... fy = ee Stop, Stope.” Le cua! Paul, increasingly pale and weak, starts to breathe with difficulty as he watches how Cristina furiously beats Jac falls on his knees.
102) 6) text: 194 INT. INSEMINATION ROOM -- DAY 1g4 Mary is on a bed with her legs in the stirrups. The gynec takes an inseminator, removes some semen from the jar fro and is about to put it into Mary’s vagina. 195 INT. HALLWAY CRISTINA’S HOUSE ~- AFTERNOON 195 Cristina is standing in front of the closed door to her d room. She is slightly pregnant. She opens the door and wa 196 INT. CRISTINA’S HOUSE, DAUGHTER'S ROOM ~~ AFTERNOON 1 The girls’ room is arranged the way it was the day they d Several dolls are leaning on the pillows. Cristina goes to sit on the edge of one of the beds, in ‘ . Similar to the one Jack sat on in his kids’ room the da