0) 11) dialog: I think maybe we're missing the point. It  seems to me James' strength as a writer is that  he doesn't take us by the hand. He treats us  like adults. He respects us enough to forget  us. That takes . . . courage . GRADY nods, smiles subtly. Appreciative.
0) 13) text: Don't forget about WordFest this weekend. And  remember: those of you driving V.I.P.s to  tonight's cocktail party need to have them at  the Chancellor's house no later than 5:30. Hannah Green gathers her things, pauses by Grady.
0) 15) dialog: I think so. ..What about you?
0) 17) dialog: Just checking. GRADY watches her glide away in her CRACKED RED COWBOY  BOOTS, then starts to exit himself. 
12) 7) text: GRADY works his way through the crowd, spies Walter, and  changes course. Directly ahead is an oddly commanding MAN ("Q"). From the behavior of the people in his vicinity it clear he is someone of interest. Presently, he is putting the make on Hannah Green.
12) 10) dialog: (brightening)
14) 1) dialog: Hey, you two. GRADY stops, sees Hannah slipping on a coat in the foyer. HANNAH GREEN (cont'd) 
14) 5) dialog: Ail right. By the way, his friend...?
14) 11) dialog: James'll know about George Sanders.
14) 13) dialog: Mr. CRABTREE was saying how George Sanders  killed himself, only he couldn't remember how.
14) 16) dialog: Oh, James is amazing. He knows all the movie  suicides. Go ahead, James. Tell them who else.
14) 18) dialog: Just a few then. The big ones. James glances at the loose group of people around him,  watching, then...
14) 21) dialog: I haven't heard of half of those.
27) 0) text: Hannah Green is dancing with a sweat-drenched Q as GRADY  enters this SMOKE-FILLED RHYTHM AND BLUES club. She becko with a finger, but Grady--Nervous at the sight of her  glistening Mormon skin--merely pantomimes an exaggerated  shrug and she points. CRABTREE and James Leer sit at a dark corner table. James slouches, eyes half-closed, while CRABTREE stares in the  general vicinity of the dancers, his hand extended beneat the table, in the general vicinity of James' lap. Grady, looking a little alarmed, grabs a passing  WAITRESS.
28) 40) dialog: Come on. Teach. I want you to dance with me.
29) 1) dialog: I've been re-reading Arsonist's Daughter. It's  so beautiful, Grady. So natural. It's like ail  your sentences always existed, just waiting  around in Style Heaven, or wherever, for you to  fetch them down.
29) 3) dialog: And I love the inscription you wrote to me.  Only I'm not quite the downy innocent you think  I am.
29) 5) dialog: So what are you going to do?
29) 7) dialog: I just mean, I--I guess Emily isn't going to  be there when you get home. GRADY looks down into Hannah's translucent face, then  catches a glimpse of himself in the fractured, wail. The  tile that would reflect his head is missing.
29) 9) dialog: Shush.
30) 2) dialog: I would if I knew where I was taking him.
30) 4) dialog: Some apartment somewhere. But I've never seen  it.
30) 6) dialog: James is odd. I know he has an aunt in  Sewickley Heights. I dropped him there once,  but...  (remembering)
30) 10) dialog: His bag. You know that ratty green thing he's  always carrying around. He must've left it  inside.
30) 17) dialog: The one in your office? It's the best one .for  naps.
30) 20) dialog: Hey. If you want to talk later...I'll be up. GRADY watches her fold her lovely self into the car and  drive away. He sighs, crosses to the Galaxie, and just ha his hand on the doorhandle when a TINY FIGURE appears. Vernon Hardapple.
40) 0) text: The room is dim but the TV is on, throwing crazy slashes  of light onto the wails and ceiling. As GRADY limps by, h finds a sleeping Hannah Green, bundled in a blanket, T- shirt, and little else. On the floor, near her dangling  hand, Woolf's A Common Reader lays open next to a Diet  Coke. GRADY considers the smooth geography of her body, b his eyes 'are most powerfully drawn to. ..her feet. He  steps forward, lifts the blanket gently, but finds-to his disappointment--only the red cowboy boots. He picks up the remote, turns off the TV, and exits.
49) 16) dialog: There you are... GRADY stiffens, then turns to find Hannah Green across  the room in her t-shirt and cowboy boots, looking ail dew eyed and delectable.
49) 17) dialog: I thought we were going to talk. Last night.
49) 19) dialog: It's okay. ..I'm here when you want me. GRADY stands frozen as Hannah smiles sleepily, pushes  through the swinging door into the kitchen. A THUMPING is heard as James, tangled in the sleeping bag, hitches down the last few steps of the stairway. He watches Pete Pupci drive away in his big police car.
80) 0) text: Hannah Green sits on the sofa, twisting a long strand of  hair around her finger as she reads a THICK MANUSCRIPT.
80) 3) dialog: Grady! She slaps the page she is reading back onto the stack at  her thigh. GRADY stares. The manuscript. It's his.
80) 4) dialog: (embarrassed)
80) 7) dialog: I don't know--maybe- I don't think so. Grady's  mind races with unfortunate possibilities, but  only briefly: his immediate thoughts are elsewhere.
80) 9) dialog: He shot the Chancellor's dog, didn't he? The  blind one.
80) 11) dialog: At first the police thought he just ran away,  but this afternoon Dr. Gaskell found some blood  spots on the carpet -
80) 13) dialog: CRABTREE said it sounded like something James  would be messed up in.
80) 15) dialog: Who does? Just then, Crabtree's VOICE bellows in the hallway  outside.
80) 18) dialog: I told you, Sewickly Heights.      
80) 20) dialog: I don't know, Grady. I just dropped him on a  corner. 
80) 23) dialog: No! Don't go. I've been waiting ail night for  you. GRADY looks at Hannah's hand, where it rests. He looks  terrified.
80) 45) dialog: Two-sixty-two Baxter Drive. GRADY and CRABTREE turn, see Hannah sitting on the corner of Grady's desk with the WHITE PAGES open on her lap. HANNAH GREEN (cont'd)
91) 0) text: Hannah Green lies tangled in the sheets, surrounded by  little colonies of Grady's manuscript. GRADY studies her, then detects something on the floor. The red boots. Delicately, he lifts the sheet. Hannah Green's feet--  finally revealed in ail their naked glory--prove to be  thick, wide, and ordinary. GRADY sighs.
99) 2) dialog: (laughing) 
99) 4) dialog: Grady. Hi. What's up? Jeff eases off the bed, past GRADY uneasily.
99) 8) dialog: It beats 'What's your major?' GRADY nods, detecting a new aloofness in her voice.
99) 10) dialog: Sure. The keys are on the dresser next to.  ..to your book. The hitch in Hannah's voice hangs in the room like a  cloud.
99) 11) dialog: I uh, I didn't finish, I ...fell asleep.
99) 13) dialog: No, it's not that, it's... Hannah glances at the huge stack of paper sitting on her  dresser, then, hesitantly, looks back to Grady.
99) 14) dialog: It's just that, you know, I was thinking about  how, in class, you're always telling us '-that  writers make choices--at least the good ones.  And, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying the  book isn't really great-I mean, really great- but at times it's, well, very detailed, you  know, with the genealogies of everyone's horses  and ail the dental records and so on-and I  don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but it sort of  reads, in places, like, well, actually, like...  (with trepidation)