5) 8) dialog: Terry was telling me about you on the plane.  It was ail so interesting.
5) 11) dialog: (indicating Crabtree) 
6) 0) text: GRADY and Crabtree watch suitcases tumble as Miss Sloviak sits across the way, inspecting her face in a compact.
7) 2) dialog: Why yes. How did you know?
8) 2) text: This is Tanya. My wife's secretary. CRABTREE and MISS SLOVIAK smile and nod. Tanya smiles and nods back, her eyes passing uneasily over Grady's joint.
9) 0) text: Through the windows, a rabble of writers, faculty and  select students can be SEEN, mingling under a haze of  cigarette smoke. GRADY brings the Galaxie to a lurching  halt across the street, parks in front of another fire  hydrant. As the trio steps out. MISS SLOVIAK notices a  GREENHOUSE, shimmering quietly in the chill night air.
9) 1) dialog: That's a nice greenhouse.
10) 6) dialog: Practice. Sara looks at Miss Sloviak, a faint glitter of scientific curiosity in her eye.
10) 8) dialog: Antonia. Antonia Sloviak-- Just then, a THICKLY-MUCSCLED DOG with very strange EYES  skitters around the corner, BARKING SAVAGELY in the gener direction of Grady.
10) 12) dialog: Who ' s he barking at now?
12) 0) text: Poe noses blindly through a forest of legs, pauses by  Miss Sloviak's high heels and scores a Rye Krisp. Crabtre returning with a pair of DRINKS, tiptoes around him, find MISS SLOVIAK chatting with a trim MAN in his 50's.
12) 3) dialog: (taking her drink)
12) 6) dialog: Oh, I couldn't agree more.
21) 8) dialog: I need a ride.
22) 0) text: As the Galaxie's big trunk yawns open. MISS SLOVIAK  stares at what's wedged up against her suitcase.
23) 0) text: As GRADY drives, MISS SLOVIAK finishes with the top  button of a man's shirt, then reaches into the zippered  COSMETICS BAG in her lap. Onto the open tray of the  glovebox, she places a JAR of COLD CREAM, a BOTTLE of NAI POLISH REMOVER, and a cloud of COTTON BALLS.
23) 1) dialog: Couldn't he have just thrown a shoe at the  poor thing?
23) 3) dialog: Disturbed. And when your friend CRABTREE gets  done with him, he's going to be even more  disturbed.
23) 5) dialog: Sure it is. GRADY watches MISS SLOVIAK peel the wig from her  forehead.
23) 7) dialog: Tony. Now that I'm home.
23) 9) dialog: Forget it. I should've known better. Your  friend is just, I don't know, into collecting  weird tricks. Mind? Tony angles the rearview mirror toward himself.
23) 11) dialog: What's that?
23) 13) dialog: That sounds like a fancy excuse for being a  shit.
23) 15) dialog: You mean because his career's ruined and all?
23) 17) dialog: He said he hasn't had a success in ten years  and everyone in New York thinks he's kind of  .a. . . As Tony re-sets the rearview mirror, GRADY gets a glimpse of his own swollen eyes.
23) 18) dialog: ...loser. But I'm sure your book is so good  that he'll be able to keep his job. Hearing this, GRADY looks troubled. MISS SLOVIAK points.
23) 19) dialog: (cont'd) 
24) 2) dialog: It's a bathtub. What she's standing under. The PORCH LIGHT conies on and a SMALL, WHITE-HAIRED MAN  squints through the screen door.
24) 3) dialog: There's Pop.  (turning)
24) 5) dialog: Figures. It's like the kind of gun Bette Davis  would carry. In a little beaded purse? GRADY studies the gun in Tony's hand, then glances at the front screen door. Pop is still there.
24) 7) dialog: You know, Grady, if I were you. I'd think  about going home. You look like you need a  little rescuing yourself.