9) 0) text: Through the windows, a rabble of writers, faculty and  select students can be SEEN, mingling under a haze of  cigarette smoke. GRADY brings the Galaxie to a lurching  halt across the street, parks in front of another fire  hydrant. As the trio steps out. MISS SLOVIAK notices a  GREENHOUSE, shimmering quietly in the chill night air.
12) 7) text: GRADY works his way through the crowd, spies Walter, and  changes course. Directly ahead is an oddly commanding MAN ("Q"). From the behavior of the people in his vicinity it clear he is someone of interest. Presently, he is putting the make on Hannah Green.
12) 8) dialog: And while my latest has been on the New York  Times bestseller list for 40 weeks, I can't  help but lament that my first book, which  contains what I consider my finest writing, was  remaindered in less than five. So, I find  myself conflicted.
12) 11) text: Grady. Q eyes GRADY over his wine glass.
12) 15) text: A supermarket for the mind, my ass. I'm  telling you, they're nothing but a big, fat mob  laundry. Have you ever been to Davenport, Iowa?  Let me tell you, they need a 30,000-square-foot  bookstore like they need another goddamn cow. (as GRADY passes) 
13) 7) text: Well, Q certainly will. And, given that he  will be addressing 500 people in little over an  hour...
13) 10) text: I'm happy. As Walter goes, GRADY studies Sara as she stands alone in the quiet little room, looking small and tired. Finally,  she takes a breath, steeling herself, and moves off,  returning to the clamor inside her house. GRADY sighs, guilt-stricken, then detects a FLICKER of  LIGHT coming from the darkness beyond. A FIGURE is watchi him from the retaining wail that leads to the Gaskell's  garage. GRADY blinks, chagrined that he's been caught  eavesdropping, then his eyes narrow and he steps off the  porch.
14) 0) text: It's quieter now, the party winding down, as GRADY sneaks the departing guests and toward the stairs.        
18) 5) text: As a writer, one thing you learn is that  everyone you encounter has a story. Every  bartender, every taxi driver, everybody has an  idea or a. story that would make a "great book"  or a "great movie." Presumably, each of you has  an idea. (gestures to the audience) But, how do you go from there to here? How do  you go from having an idea to having a book?  How do you get across? What is the bridge, the  bridge that allows you to walk on air from the  shoreline of inspiration to the terra firma of  accomplishment? Faith. Faith that your story is  worth the telling, faith that you have the  wherewithal to tell it, faith that the  carefully woven structure you create won't  collapse beneath you... GRADY glances at James, sees that his eyes are unblinking and glazed, then sees, beyond him, Sara standing by the f EXIT. A blink later, she is gone. Q (cont'd)
18) 6) text: ...and faith that when you get to the other  side someone will be waiting who gives a damn  about the tale you have to tell. GRADY leans back, listening to the BEATING of his own  HEART, the soft GLIMMER of the chandeliers hanging by a  thread forty feet above his head... Abruptly, James LAUGHS OUT LOUD--some private amusement:  bubbling up from the bottom or his brain and out into the auditorium. As Q looks and four hundred other heads turn, James ducks down--mortified. Crabtree, sitting a few rows away, studies James with amusement, then winks at Grady. GRADY blinks, turns to James.
19) 0) text: GRADY bursts through the auditorium doors and into the  lobby. A PAIR. of local BOOKSELLERS, chatting quietly  behind a table arrayed with the BOOKS of attending author glance up as GRADY limps toward the restrooms. 
20) 22) text: No you don't. And fuck you for saying you do.  And fuck you for "saying. . . (quietly)
27) 0) text: Hannah Green is dancing with a sweat-drenched Q as GRADY  enters this SMOKE-FILLED RHYTHM AND BLUES club. She becko with a finger, but Grady--Nervous at the sight of her  glistening Mormon skin--merely pantomimes an exaggerated  shrug and she points. CRABTREE and James Leer sit at a dark corner table. James slouches, eyes half-closed, while CRABTREE stares in the  general vicinity of the dancers, his hand extended beneat the table, in the general vicinity of James' lap. Grady, looking a little alarmed, grabs a passing  WAITRESS.
31) 0) text: GRADY slides in next to Q, puts the car in gear, and  starts to pull away. As he glances in the rearview, he se CRABTREE smiling darkly in the backseat.
31) 13) dialog: (mischievously)
35) 0) text: GRADY steps outside, closes the flap of the knapsack and, hunching his shoulders against the cold... stops. Crabtree. Q. The car. Gone. 
39) 0) text: GRADY enters, closes the door quietly behind him.
46) 37) text: If-you 're planning on staying for breakfast,  I'd put on something a little less comfortable  if I were you. As GRADY moves to his desk to reacquaint himself with the page curling from the typewriter, James continues to star into the emptiness of the hallway. The sight of CRABTREE  seems to have made him suddenly queasy.
51) 16) text: Me. GRADY drops the basket at the check-out counter and,  abruptly, finds himself face to face with a BABY, lolling on the shoulder of the woman before him. The baby is  staring, spellbound, at a display of...Q'S LATEST 
52) 0) text: Grady, squinting through the ten-inch panel of cleared  ice on the windshield, roils slowly up onto the curb in  front of Walter and Sara Gaskell's house ...then off.
57) 0) text: GRADY RAPS on the front door, then cups his hands against the glass of the living room window, squints inside.  Nothing. As he turns away, GRADY sees James sitting on th hood of the Galaxie with the box of powdered donuts. He's sitting in the indentation.
60) 0) text: Grady, laboring badly on his ankle", enters and finds a  DUFFEL BAG open on the floor, its contents a tangle of  quickly-packed clothes. Everything else in the room feels of another time. PHOTOGRAPHS are everywhere, documenting PRETTY GIRL'S life, from first recital to cap and gown. One photograph lies face down. GRADY turns it over and  finds the pretty girl grown into a beautiful young woman, standing in a white gown next to a younger Grady--on thei wedding day.
79) 0) text: Times Square before the ball drops. GRADY enters, scans  the room, then shoulders his way to the stairs.
86) 0) text: Electric CANDELABRAS light a large converted cellar whose walls are crowded with MOVIE POSTERS and LOBBY CARDS. The are STACKS of what look suspiciously like LIBRARY BOOKS a an enormous BAROQUE BED, complete with CANOPY.
86) 15) text: But it was later, when the great man squinted  into the bitter glow or twilight... (frowning)
89) 0) text: A quiet disaster, the only sound an LP playing meekly on  the STEREO. James passes through first, ignoring the  TORTILLA CHIPS POPPING under his shoes, then CRABTREE and GRADY appear.
93) 0) text: GRADY sits quietly on the porch steps, a joint burning in his fingers. To his left, perched atop a Haagen-Dazs  container, is a TELEPHONE. As he pulls it into his lap, a LAMP in the living room pirouettes clumsily, spins free o the cord, and SHATTERS on the floor. GRADY blinks, looks away, and DIALS, just as. ..the  CLATTERING COUGH of an ENGINE is HEARD and a VAN appears. Stenciled on its side panel is: Kravnik's Sporting Goods The van slows, almost coasting, then abruptly bursts past Grady's house and disappears around the corner. GRADY  frowns, then realizes a MAN'S VOICE is coming from the  RECEIVER in his lap.
98) 0) text: Sara and GRADY stand by as Pete Pupcik deposits James in  the back of the squad car, SLAMS the door.
103) 0) text: GRADY peers into the backseat, squinting against the WIND that swirls around him. Errol Flynn's face leers back at  him. But no jacket. GRADY slides in, pops the glove box,  and frowns at the ZIPLOC of Humboldt County. He pockets i anyway, then spies something else. James Leer's little PEARL-HANDLED PISTOL. GRADY takes it, rotates it-in his palm. SUNLIGHT GLINTS  off the chrome barrel and everything slowly turns to a  SWEET, SOFT BLUR...
110) 0) text: Dead quiet. Gradually, STEPS are heard, coming from the  stairwell, then GRADY limps into view.
111) 0) text: GRADY surveys the room. Empty chairs. Empty desks. He walks to a WINDOW, the same window he stood at two  afternoons ago when reading James Leer's story. A chill  breeze pitches the fabric of his shirt as he studies the  barren benches and icy walkways of the quad. Finally, he- turns away, settles behind his desk and, reaching into hi pocket, removes the seven remaining pages of his  manuscript. He considers them, then folds them in half  length-wise. He continues, folding the top right corner  down into a triangle along the first crease...
113) 2) dialog: Grady. I have to tell you. I took another look  at Arsonist's Daughter the other night. There's  a description of a bald cypress that left' me  breathless.
113) 4) text: Thanks, Q. I felt the same way about the bank  teller's breasts in your last one.
120) 0) text: GRADY lies in a powder blue paper gown surrounded by blue plastic curtains in a blue room. Through a gap in the  curtains, he can see the bottle of-GLUCOSE that drips  slowly into his arm, and beyond, a window. Flakes of SNOW fall outside. The DOOR SQUEALS, a SHADOW ripples across the blue, then  the curtains part and a RESIDENT with a clipboard appears His NAMETAG says GREENHUT.
125) 0) text: GRADY hobbles to the greenhouse, puts both hands to the  glass as he looks inside. Quiet. Empty. Dispirited, he  pulls away, but not before leaving... ...the IMPRINTS of his hands, perfectly etched in the  frost of the glass.