33) 3) text: Traxler. Sam. I took your class freshman year.  Then I dropped out of school.
33) 5) dialog: (taking him seriously)
34) 1) dialog: I saw the manuscript inside. So when you  showed up, I figured. . . GRADY lifts the knapsack, peers inside. There is no title page to the MANUSCRIPT, Just the words The Love Parade an then, halfway down, TEXT.
34) 2) dialog: Is it good?
36) 0) text: Traxler gives GRADY a ride in his Honda, one of the  original Hondas best suited for sidewalk driving. The  backseat bulges with a huge AMPLIFIER and BASS GUITAR.
36) 1) dialog: Say, Professor Tripp, is ail that stuff true  about Errol Flynn? How he used to put coke on  his dick. To make himself, you know, like, last  longer?
36) 3) dialog: Well, jeez, you're reading his biography,  aren't you? Sam points and GRADY glances at the knapsack riding on  the seat between him and Sam. A BOOK'-bearing ERROL FLYNN PICTURE--IS tucked into the side pouch.
36) 5) dialog: Sick.
37) 1) dialog: Wow, check out that greenhouse. Is that your  wife? GRADY gazes at Sara, a .vaporous blur in the greenhouse.
37) 5) dialog: What exactly are we doing here, Professor  Tripp?
38) 0) text: As Traxler drives away, GRADY mounts the porch with James Leer's knapsack hanging from one shoulder. He reaches abo the door, feeling for a key, but his fingers come away wi only dust. He stands, dispirited, then an idea strikes. H takes the doorknob, turns it. It opens.
119) 0) text: ...and finds himself standing in a stairwell. He leans  out over the railing, peers down. It's a steep drop, very steep, ending in a small rectangular space, a kind of  basement office, with VENDING MACHINES, PLASTIC CHAIRS, a a COLLAPSIBLE CARD TABLE. GRADY turns back to the door he came through, pushes  against it. Locked. He sighs, looks back at the stairs, h ailing ankle, then sits. He fishes out the Ziploc of-  marijuana, considers the perfectly roiled JOINT floating  atop the bag of buds, but, for once, isn't up to it. The  SOUND of FOOTSTEPS echoes far below and, hopeful they're  Sara's, GRADY pulls himself up, peers over the railing. It's Traxler, with a broom, a big plastic bag.
119) 2) dialog: (looking up)
119) 5) dialog: Only when I'm working. GRADY hangs-over the railing and lets fly the Ziploc.  It pinwheels through the vortex of stairs, lands at Sam's  feet.
119) 6) dialog: Holy shit. Are you serious?
119) 8) dialog: Thanks-Whoa, Professor Tripp, careful ^here... GRADY is still hanging over the railing-but looking dizzy now. His eyelids flutter and he tips forward-a Steinway o a window ledge-and as he starts to drop... ...there is a SHARP JERK on his- COLLAR, a SHIRT BUTTON  caroms off his cheek, and slowly, he is hauled back.