10) 11) text: This wouldn't be Walter's dog, would it? Poe continues to rage, his paws doing crazy eights on the hardwood floor, until he's spun himself completely around and is barking at the living room.
11) 0) text: GRADY enters a room swimming in BASEBAIL MEMORABILIA.  AUTOGRAPHED BASEBALLS abound, as well as PHOTOGRAPHS of  famous big-leaguers. In one somewhat-dated PHOTO a TRIM M IN HIS FORTIES (a younger Walter Gaskell) stands with  PITTSBURGH PIRATE BILL MAZEROSKI at an old-timers game. A Sara eases the door shut, GRADY nods to a 1951 YANKEE'S  PENNANT hanging over the mantle.
11) 3) text: Walter just got it back from the framer today. Sara takes Grady's hand, drawing him away from the  pennant and down onto the coat-covered bed.
12) 2) dialog: Yes . She' s charming.
12) 4) text: Walter's been telling me the most fascinating  things about Marilyn Monroe and. ..who was it?
12) 5) dialog: Joe DiMaggio. Simply put, Antonia, it' s my  contention that their marriage tapped into the  very id of American popular culture. Joe  DiMaggio represented, metaphorically speaking,  the Husband as Slugger.. And, though it may be  controversial, I personally believe every  woman, in some way, desires to be Marilyn  Monroe.
12) 7) text: GRADY works his way through the crowd, spies Walter, and  changes course. Directly ahead is an oddly commanding MAN ("Q"). From the behavior of the people in his vicinity it clear he is someone of interest. Presently, he is putting the make on Hannah Green.
13) 2) dialog: I could swear I had a '63 Chateau Latour in  here. You haven't seen it, have you?
13) 4) dialog: You'd recognize it if you tasted it.
13) 6) dialog: (angling &amp; bottle to the light)
13) 9) dialog: If he' s happy. . . (kissing her as he exits) 
13) 10) text: I'm happy. As Walter goes, GRADY studies Sara as she stands alone in the quiet little room, looking small and tired. Finally,  she takes a breath, steeling herself, and moves off,  returning to the clamor inside her house. GRADY sighs, guilt-stricken, then detects a FLICKER of  LIGHT coming from the darkness beyond. A FIGURE is watchi him from the retaining wail that leads to the Gaskell's  garage. GRADY blinks, chagrined that he's been caught  eavesdropping, then his eyes narrow and he steps off the  porch.
18) 0) text: On the stage. Walter Gaskell stands alone at a podium.
18) 1) dialog: ...really needs no introduction. Walk down the  aisle of any airplane or by the pool of any  hotel and you'll see his face beaming back at  you. You all know the name, you all know the  books, so welcome if you will, the man those of  us who know him simply call.. .Q. As the audience THUNDERS, GRADY and James slink into the  auditorium. It's standing room only. As they head for an  open space against the back wail, GRADY squeezes past a K with a GOATEE .who regards him warily.
47) 2) text: Professor Tripp? Sorry to bother you, sir, but  I understand you attended an event at Sara and  Walter Gaskell's house last night and were one  of the last to leave...
52) 0) text: Grady, squinting through the ten-inch panel of cleared  ice on the windshield, roils slowly up onto the curb in  front of Walter and Sara Gaskell's house ...then off.
115) 0) text: Walter turns over the last page of-his prepared notes.
115) 1) dialog: And now, as those of you who've been with us  in previous years know, we have a tradition of  sorts here at WordFest. I'm speaking, of  course, of The Plums. An anticipatory BUZZ sweeps through the audience as  Walter begins to read from a separate list.
115) 2) dialog: This weekend, Susan Lowery, of North Braddock,  found a publisher for her children's book. The  Loneliest Prawn, Susan, stand up.
116) 1) dialog: And Robert Wilkenson--who many of you know for  his City Beat column in the Post-Gazette--has  found a home with Putnam for his new Three  Rivers thriller. Blood Patterns. Robert. A SHORT, BALDING MAN stands briefly then Walter's VOICE  takes a shift in tone.
116) 2) dialog: Now, this next one, I think, is especially  exciting to announce, because it concerns a  student here at the university. Our own James  Leer, a sophomore in English literature, has  found a publisher for his first novel, which I  believe is called The Lovely Parade. GRADY blinks, leans forward, and watches Walter smile  warmly toward the front row. CRABTREE gives James a jab i the ribs and slowly, awkwardly, James rises. Stunned,  Carrie McWhirty turns to the GIRL next to her.
116) 7) dialog: And finally--and perhaps not least  importantly--Terry Crabtree, of Bartizan, has  also decided to publish my own book--a critical  exploration of the union of Marilyn Monroe and  Joe DiMaggio and its function in American  mythopoetics-which, tentatively, I've entitled  The Last American Marriage.     " Wild, obsequious APPLAUSE. GRADY smiles cynically,  watches Walter take a brief, dignified bow of his own.
116) 9) dialog: Until next year. Thank you, everyone. The LIGHTS come up. As the auditorium empties, CRABTREE  shakes Walter's hand and Jeff and his goatee escort Hanna Green down the aisle, where she drapes her lovely arms  around James. GRADY watches them ail, sitting alone in his row, when  suddenly Sara appears over James' shoulder. She says  something congratulatory, turns, and exits out a side doo GRADY blinks, scrambles up.