1) 1) dialog: If you’d all direct your eyes skyward, you will see the work of our amazing aerialists as- Barnaby’s voice fades as The Hunchback focuses in: He see that a rag has been affixed to the frayed bit of rope to reenforce it. The frayed rope stretches, swings, stretche
1) 2) dialog: Get! Get! BARNABY Elliot, 40s, unpleasant and red-faced in his ringmaster’s uniform, shoves the Hunchback, startling him The Hunchback realizes all the other clowns have gone off and rushes self-consciously out of the limelight. EXT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-CAR - LATER The Hunchback lays on the roof of the railcar, the train stretching out to either side. He begins quietly whistlin The slats beneath him drop out, and the Hunchback falls t feet to the dirt. He starts to stand, and Barnaby slaps h in the face.
1) 3) dialog: You stay out of the center ring with the rest of the clowns. Barnaby storms off, leaving the Hunchback alone in the mu INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-CAR - DAY The train is in motion, rattling loudly up the tracks thr the countryside. The Hunchback lays on his cot, reading through his new Percy’s Muscles of The Body, cross-— referencing it to another book. This one, green with leather binding, is marked “THOMPSON ANATOMY - For Doctors And Surgeons - Fifth Edition.” The Hunchback mumbles something under his breath, and the scratches out a sentence in Percy’s with a piece of charc
3) 37) dialog: Who’re- you’re doctor then?
3) 39) dialog: Will she live?
3) 47) dialog: 
3) 50) dialog: Idiot! Barnaby follows the Hunchback’s gaze to the library trunk
3) 51) dialog: Nathaniel! Get in here! The strong man enters.
3) 52) dialog: Get the trunk. Nathaniel nods, and picks up the whole trunk under his ar
3) 53) dialog: Come on. The Hunchback stands, momentarily blocking the doorway.
3) 54) dialog: Get out of the way. 12. The Hunchback stands resolute.
3) 55) dialog: 
4) 1) dialog: Dump them out. Nathaniel dumps out the books into the mud.
4) 5) dialog: What’s this? Sneaky little rat!
4) 7) dialog: Fancy. 13.
4) 9) dialog: Let that be a lesson to you. Barnaby stalks off, leaving the Hunchback slumped in the
4) 23) dialog: -course he can’t leave. He’s got no money, no possessions-
4) 25) dialog: Yes but- no, but- he’s not a bonified person, you know? He's just a-
4) 27) dialog: No, well- don’t be clever, awright? I just mean there’s nothing there to salvage, he doesn’t- I mean he doesn’t even have a name. 15.
4) 29) dialog: He’s travelled with the circus since he was a boy-
4) 31) dialog: Well he’s not a real doctor, after all-
4) 33) dialog: Those are just his tricks, he’s under contract as a clown-
4) 35) dialog: He owes the circus everything. We feed him, put clothes on his back- The doctor bollocks was just a fantasy for him, one that I dispelled last night, I think-
4) 37) dialog: Aye, but that was just a bit of a row, me getting my frustrations out’n’whatnot-—
4) 39) dialog: ‘Scuse me? 16.
4) 41) dialog: Listen you posh ass-
4) 43) dialog: You shut your mouth-
4) 45) dialog: 
4) 48) dialog: (red-faced, spitting) Listen you impudent rich twat, you’re not getting the bloody Hunchback, and if you show your face here again, if I so much as sniff you, we’ll slit your bloody throat and feed you to the bloody horses!
5) 0) text: The Hunchback is roughly tossed into a cage by Barnaby, t door slammed behind him.
5) 1) dialog: You are going nowhere. Enjoy your new quarters. The Hunchback turns and sees his new roommate; a mangy, m eaten Bengal tiger. The Hunchback presses himself against the bars, scared. NIGHT FALLS... The circus is almost entirely cleaned up. The Hunchback i sitting in his cage when Rafferty walks by.
5) 21) dialog: oi. 19. Barnaby is standing not far off.
5) 22) dialog: What in the hell do you think you’ re-
5) 25) dialog: AGH! Bloody hell, stop- STOP HIM!
5) 28) dialog: The Hunchback! He’s attacked me and taken the bank of the circus! Get him! The tumblers take off after Victor and The Hunchback, but Barnaby grabs one of them.
5) 29) dialog: Get Nathaniel.
7) 31) dialog: A hokum doctor, ay. Always doing things you know, with the animals, es’periments and what have you-
7) 33) dialog: Two hundred twenty quid.
7) 35) dialog: It would- The door opens and ALISTAIR Oberon, 36, with an immaculat kept mustache, leans in.