28) 10) dialog: I do not normally work with a partner, much less two. Young Finnegan reached me through his father’s company. He has told me you young men can do things, wondrous things with flesh. Perhaps too wondrous to be believed.
28) 12) dialog: The foremost engineer in Europe.
28) 14) dialog: As does the ability to reanimate the dead. Victor just smiles. Dettweiler sighs.
28) 20) dialog: This was found in the infant’s throat. They should have watched their child with more care. Dettweiler smiles at Igor, who cringes.
28) 23) dialog: So. Can you do it?
28) 33) dialog: Mein gott. Incredible. Igor looks to Victor, who raises an eyebrow: “Told you so
47) 0) text: Igor sneaks along the upper wall, finally coming to a bre in the wall where he can see down into the courtyard, whe Victor's laboratory is set up. It is INCREDIBLE. Giant-size versions of all his laboratory machinery have set up, abuzz with power, and a huge scaffolding system h been set up around a raised platform next to one of the towers; the scaffolding goes up fifty feet into the air, atop it sits Victor’s hypothetical lightning magnet, the CLOUD HOOK. On the platform stands Victor and Dettweiler; Victor wear completely awesome looking buttoned up labcoat, with huge gnarly looking goggles on his forehead. Dettweiler wears black version of much the same. Between them is a massive gurney, but Igor can’t get a go look at what’s on it... To Igor, who saw all this when it was just a pipe-dream, breathtaking. There are several other scientists/technici in lab-wear working the machines, supervised by Finnegan, looks excited. 100. He stealthily moves to the lower level, and quietly sneak through the lab, moving towards Victor and Dettweiler on platform. And as the gurney tilts up, there it is: The PROMETHEUS is just over ten feet tall, stitched toget for over two dozen different donors. Its body is gargantu and misshapen; its head is oddly shaped, the face wide an bizarre, a mess of features stretched and jigsawed togeth to create a simulation of humanity. Igor watches as Victor goes under one of the big machines into the inner-workings.
47) 6) dialog: Almost done down there?
47) 29) dialog: The machines are ready. Mr. Frankenstein, if you please. Victor takes one last look at Igor, then steps up onto th platform. Finnegan hops on alongside him, and nods to a l tech nearby, who throws a massive switch; with a great creaking, and rattling roar, the platform begins to rise through the gantries, towards the swirling storm high abo
47) 31) dialog: Everything is running at one hundred percent efficiency. Your designs are flawless. Priming the Cloud Hook now. Dettweiler flips a switch, and above them, at the top of elevator machinery, the “Cloud Hook” glows to life with a rumble; they’re easily thirty feet in the air now. Victor looks over his Prometheus, massive and menacing.
47) 40) dialog: Yes. It is.
47) 51) dialog: I have wanted to tell you, Victor: You are a child. You know nothing of the world. Now stop this foolish tantrum or I will take action to ensure that this experiment is a a success. Victor stares at him for a moment, chuckles, and goes rig back to yanking out the electrodes. Dettweiler raises the gun.
47) 52) dialog: Pathetic. I told you, I never work with a partner. Victor's eyes flit to the right of Dettweiler and then ba