20) 2) dialog: Get on with it! We pan to reveal that the hall is nearly empty; of two hundred seats, only seven are filled. They all look disinterested and bored. In the back is Michael FINNEGAN, 21, dressed in only the finest clothes, refined, handsome and posh, a child of we with an accent so upper-crust he makes Victor and Igor so like they’re from Michigan. His outburst draws some laughs from the crowd.
20) 6) dialog: The brave few, poppycock! It’s the beginning of Christmas recess, of course there’s no one here Frankenstein! I have a coach waiting! Who else is keeping their coach waiting? There are some murmurs of agreement from the others. Igor primes the dynamo.
20) 11) dialog: Frankenstein, you have lived up to your father’s reputation, to your own expansive mythos of strangeness and perversion! Delightful! Spectacular, just- an exquisite show of depraved lunacy-
20) 13) dialog: Oh, so the show isn’t over? I must say though, you’ll be hard pressed to beat the flies, a really inspired moment of grotesque revulsion- Victor shocks Gordon again, STILL NOTHING. The generator sputters and dies, spitting out acrid black smoke. 48. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) What do you have planned next, perhaps a midget is hidden inside your rotting meat sculpture’s stomach, ready to pop out with a bouquet of ro- Gordon groans.
20) 14) dialog: Ro- ...roses... Gordon...blinks.
20) 19) dialog: I say. Finnegan, fearless with the entitled bravado of the truly wealthy, rushes down to Gordon as it gets up. Gordon turns on him, leaping up onto the podium ahead of and blocking his path- He stands perfectly still. Gordon ROARS, an unnatural, painful sound, and Finnegan falls on his ass, before the creature turns and gracefully springboards off the wall, crashing out through a window to the roof. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) By jove. Brilliant. Igor, frantic, races to the shattered window, looking out after Gordon, then goes to Victor, who’s groggily getting
20) 44) dialog: Clean that damn thing up. Finnegan runs up, possibly the most exercise he’s ever ha followed by his huge, fancy coach. 52. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) I’ve had my men collect your equipment from the hall, now clean that thing up and get it into the carriage, quick.
20) 46) dialog: Just do it! Victor stares at him, looking completely insane, and Finn is correctly intimidated.
20) 47) dialog: Because you’re two mad bloody geniuses, and it would be a tremendous waste to see you hauled off to Scotland Yard. Victor looks to Igor. Igor looks to Victor. Victor offers Igor his hand, and Igor takes it. Victor pulls him to his feet.
22) 7) dialog: Am I to understand you...built all that?
22) 9) dialog: And you...Mr. Straussman, you were responsible for conglomerating the organic tissue of the creature I saw today?
22) 12) dialog: I...apologize, Victor. I had...misjudged you. Your flaws, though they are glaring and massive are...merely social, not intellectual. I find your work astonishing, innovative, and...to be perfectly frank...brilliant beyond my own ability to comprehend. There’s a beat, and Finnegan takes a deep breath. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) As you know, I come from the third richest family in England. Could you create another one, like Gordon?
22) 14) dialog: Well, no. Aman. Something capable of following orders.
22) 17) dialog: Is there a hesitation, Igor?
22) 20) dialog: I have the means to back you in your experiments on much larger scale. (MORE)
22) 22) dialog: All of them, Igor, this artificial man would just be a starting point. You're certain you’re-
22) 24) dialog: Hah, very well. I’11 want another demonstration, more controlled. I want to know that you can follow direction. Take orders, so to speak. Is this a problem?
22) 26) dialog: Excellent. Expect to hear from me soon. Finnegan leaves, and Igor stares angrily at Victor. Victo turns on him abruptly, and before Igor can speak he’s immediately caught in a paralyzingly crisp stream of word
28) 9) dialog: Excellent! You made it. This way, right this way. Finnegan beckons them, and Victor starts quickly moving through the lab, Igor behind him, amazed by all the diffe equipment. They approach the crowd of scientists, and Finnegan smile they're gathered around a little dirty bundle on the tabl FINNEGAN (CONT’D) So glad you could make it. This is Fritz Dettweiler, the man I told you about, Victor. Fritz, this is Victor Frankenstein, Igor Straussman. 68. Igor awkwardly extends a hand to Fritz DETTWEILER, late 4 a gaunt, wispy German man with the countenance of a skele He glances at Igor’s outstretched hand, disinterested.
28) 11) dialog: Dettweiler’s an engineer.
28) 15) dialog: Here, you'll see, you'll see... Finnegan goes around the table to the bundle, and unwraps Igor and Victor leaning in. It’s...he is a dead infant, n even a year old. Its little body is cold and gray, but no gruesome. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) Dead not even six hours. Igor pulls back in revulsion, whilst Victor merely looks Finnegan.
28) 17) dialog: One of my work-studies. I very charitably decided to work Christmas Eve, and lo and behold, the Baby Winthrop passed on.
28) 19) dialog: Lower class people; the Winthrops, of Devonshire road. I’ve told them I’ve taken the baby to the mortuary. 69. Dettweiler raises a marble.
28) 21) dialog: We've got a private room in there set up with all the equipment from the blueprints you gave me.
28) 34) dialog: Gentlemen, if you’d excuse us. The scientists move out into the lab. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) Well alright then, which one of you is going to be a sport and kill it?
28) 37) dialog: What’s this tizzy? What do you want me to do? Bring it back? (tinkling laugh) Of course we have to kill the infant. I’m afraid this isn’t negotiable; I’d really be much more comfortable knowing the thing was properly disposed off.
28) 43) dialog: My word, for the money I’m now going to put behind you, you can resurrect a dozen babies-
42) 0) text: Finnegan is at the far end of the luxurious home office, playing darts. He’s focused, intense- Victor bursts in, followed by Igor, who’s clearly still d in thought.
42) 1) dialog: Frankenstein, Igor, what an unexpected surprise- my god what’re you covered in-
42) 3) dialog: -delightful-
42) 5) dialog: ..-Ah. Why- why exactly did the police- you know on second thought, it doesn’t really matter. I suppose now you’1l have no choice but to leave London, post haste. At the very least, get your sewage covered bodies out of my father’s office.
42) 7) dialog: My family has an estate, the Castle Erskine, in Belgium. Quite rural and secluded, ideally suited to both your needs as a scientist and a, well- fugitive. We could set up a new lab, with help from Dettweiler, and-
42) 9) dialog: Oh will you? Ha, right, I’1ll go prepare a coach. Finnegan heads out of the room. Victor sighs.
42) 29) dialog: All right, time is of the essence. Gentlemen, your coach is ready-
42) 31) dialog: -also, if I could ask you to turn down the volume, my parents are home after all- Victor looks from Finnegan, to Igor and back.
42) 37) dialog: So what’s next for you, then?
42) 39) dialog: That’s sad to hear, old boy. Sad to hear. Seems you and Victor have had a bit of a falling out.
42) 41) dialog: Very well, very well, good for you. (beat) You know, I knew Igor Straussman. Igor blinks. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) A real bore, nouveau riche, drug addict. Nothing like...this.
42) 44) dialog: Ah-ah-ah. So who are you then? That’s the question. Doesn’t matter, really. Victor’s been very forthcoming with his designs, but I still need him for now. You, on the other hand-
42) 46) dialog: So let’s see: your benefactor has departed, your home has been ransacked by police, your identity revealed as a fraud...Do you understand what I’m saying? (beat) What I’m getting at, old sport, is that you won’t be missed. Igor is jabbed in the neck with a syringe, and one of Finnegan’s goons YANKS A BURLAP SACK OVER IGOR’S HEAD FRO BEHIND. SMASH TO BLACK. 92. We can hear the sounds of a carriage rattling up the stre we're in Igor’s POV. Finnegan speaks; Igor’s drugged, and through the burlap sack Finnegan’s face distorts in nightmarish ways. FINNEGAN (0.C) (CONT’D) You know you and Victor aren’t the only ones with vision. You aren’t the only ones trying to change the world. I too have a dream of the future. A dream where the British empire extends not just to India and Africa, but over the entire globe. A world where dead enemy soldiers are reassembled into new British troops. I see an unkillable army of your monsters, one million strong, marching across Paris, Moscow, Washington DC... (beat) Oh, you don’t approve. I’d imagined you and Victor wouldn’t like that much. Luckily, the architects won’t have to live in the house they built. Goodbye “Igor.” There’s the sound of a door opening.
46) 0) text: Igor, exhausted, his back aching, makes it to the bridge the dried out moat. He stumbles and nearly falls, out of breath, filthy and soaking wet. He creeps around the side of the castle, looking for a wa in. Finally, he comes to the base of huge, gnarly, overgr tree. Igor climbs up and through the branches, finally at the t he’s able to plan a jump across to the castle’s top wall walkway. One of Finnegan’s guards walks past, and Igor nearly fall out of the tree in his effort to conceal himself. The gua passes, and Igor pulls himself up and flings himself acro
47) 0) text: Igor sneaks along the upper wall, finally coming to a bre in the wall where he can see down into the courtyard, whe Victor's laboratory is set up. It is INCREDIBLE. Giant-size versions of all his laboratory machinery have set up, abuzz with power, and a huge scaffolding system h been set up around a raised platform next to one of the towers; the scaffolding goes up fifty feet into the air, atop it sits Victor’s hypothetical lightning magnet, the CLOUD HOOK. On the platform stands Victor and Dettweiler; Victor wear completely awesome looking buttoned up labcoat, with huge gnarly looking goggles on his forehead. Dettweiler wears black version of much the same. Between them is a massive gurney, but Igor can’t get a go look at what’s on it... To Igor, who saw all this when it was just a pipe-dream, breathtaking. There are several other scientists/technici in lab-wear working the machines, supervised by Finnegan, looks excited. 100. He stealthily moves to the lower level, and quietly sneak through the lab, moving towards Victor and Dettweiler on platform. And as the gurney tilts up, there it is: The PROMETHEUS is just over ten feet tall, stitched toget for over two dozen different donors. Its body is gargantu and misshapen; its head is oddly shaped, the face wide an bizarre, a mess of features stretched and jigsawed togeth to create a simulation of humanity. Igor watches as Victor goes under one of the big machines into the inner-workings.
47) 21) dialog: Victor, what on earth are you doing down there- Victor stares at Igor. Finnegan peers down at them, then jerks back. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) Guards! Guards! Intruder! Igor darts out
47) 25) dialog: Breaking and entering, really? High drama! Intrigue! (MORE)
47) 27) dialog: Take him away, we'll deal with him after the exp-
47) 30) dialog: Don’t let that parasite distract you, Victor. He’s just trying to steal your moment. He had his chance to be a part of this, and he gave it up. Victor's silent, watching Igor scream up to him, muted by roar of the machines.
47) 41) dialog: Dettweiler, really-
47) 43) dialog: Deceived you, really? Is that what I did? Did you ever even think to ask? Of course not, because for all your genius, all your inventions, you’re still a small mind, Frankenstein. You deserve to be used, you require it, because you can only see the little picture, sight, but no vision! (straightens himself) Victor, now isn’t the time nor the place for a philosophical debate. Activate the Cloud Hook. Victor just stares at him. 104.
47) 44) dialog: What are you waiting for, activate the-
47) 46) dialog: I- damn it- Do it now, Frankenstein-
47) 48) dialog: Activate the hook, you’ve got no choice-
47) 50) dialog: What’re- No, damn it, Dettweiler, stop him! Dettweiler draws a pistol. Victor stops, staring at it.
47) 59) dialog: No! No! NO! What’ve you done, you idiots- The entire platform framework, blasted by the lightning, destabilizes, blowing apart, causing the platform to drop herky-jerky down through the center of the structure, Igo Victor and Finnegan struggling to hold on. The Cloud Hook, overcharged with energy, EXPLODES!
47) 65) dialog: (somewhere in the smoke) Igor! Is that you down there? Igor blinks, confused, and then there’s a gunshot! Finnegan's trying to freaking shoot him! Igor hurries away, moving blindly through the smoke; he c hear but not see Finnegan. He trips for a moment over something; it’s the gurney. 106. It’s empty. Igor can hear the breathing behind him. He turns, slowly. And there it is... The Prometheus towers over him, staring down at Igor with face that conveys absolutely no emotion, a completely vac blank slate. There’s another crash! at the front gate. The monster glances at the gate, then back at Igor.
49) 0) text: Turpin stumbles in, still looking over his shoulder, and turns to see the lab. The smoke is thick in the courtyard now; you can barely see in some areas. Finnegan prowls through the smoke, gun drawn, twitchy. Igor, on nearly the other side of the courtyard, struggle with his back-brace, seeing Finnegan searching for him. H crawls, desperate. 107. Turpin moves amongst the anarchy, in awe of all the burni sparking, exploding equipment. He sees Igor crawling, and moves towards him like a bullet.
49) 10) dialog: Who the bloody hell is that? Finnegan is climbing down one of the fallen tesla coils, in hand. Igor looks up, covered in Turpin’s blood and his own, shaking. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) Ha. Ahaha. Look at this mess, look at this mess you’ve made. Finnegan's upper-class demeanor is cracking as he approac Igor, reloading his gun. The fall from the platform tore clothes and mussed his hair; he looks dangerous, sharklik Igor gently sets down Turpin, trying to force himself to feet, find some way to defend himself, but the back-brace makes it impossible. OUTSIDE... Outside, the monster begins to violently retreat down the hill, the remaining mob giving chase. INSIDE... Finnegan finishes reloading his gun, and seems to think; looking at all the destruction has “flustered” him. FINNEGAN (CONT’D) Why is this good? Is this what you wanted? To stand in the way of the science? Who gave you the right?
49) 11) text: Igor, trembling, stares at Finnegan; there’s a tremendous hate in his eyes, and Finnegan, feeling it, steps back, intimidated despite his position of total control.
49) 13) dialog: No. No I’m not. I think you’1l find I’m quite human. 109. Finnegan raises his gun. Igor just stares at him evenly, unafraid. Finnegan steadies his aim.
49) 15) dialog: Victor! You’re...alive, fascinating-—