3) 45) dialog: The title lurches forward, crackling with electricity as emerges from the center of a violent lightning storm.
7) 0) text: Victor and the Hunchback burst in. Though Victor Frankenstein appears tidy and fastidious, his apartment i window into his mind. Though it is very big, the place is a mess. Victor must h some kind of hoarding disorder, as nearly every surface i covered with medical equipment, schematics, trinkets and other assorted junk. The Hunchback looks around in wonder as Victor draws out long syringe behind him.
25) 2) dialog: Igor. You look...slimmer. I see you've finally organized your hair. (beat) You know your parents are worried sick about you, I assume. Tina has been in regular correspondence.
25) 4) dialog: Is Victor here.
25) 6) dialog: Very well. 61.
26) 2) dialog: Victor.
26) 4) dialog: Hello.
26) 6) dialog: No, Victor. Sit down.
26) 8) dialog: (to Igor) Leave. Igor looks to Victor; shit, there goes his chance to conf him. He goes up the stairs, but then stops at the top, surreptitiously eavesdropping as Victor and his father si the fire.
26) 10) dialog: I don’t care.
26) 12) dialog: I don’t care about your disastrous experiments or your poorly researched theories-
26) 14) dialog: Victor, silence. Victor falls quiet, the smile dripping off of his face. FRANKENSTEIN (CONT’D) When you were smaller I always had a great anxiety about you. Your mother and myself always saw that you had a capacity to ruin things. Do you remember all the things you ruined.
26) 17) dialog: Do you recall what I said about your experiments.
26) 19) dialog: I said your experiments were of ill repute. I told you not to become a doctor. The modern doctor is a wasteful man, I said, many times. He cannot accept that death is the inevitable, inescapable conclusion of life. He tries to “beat the reaper.” This is futile. I have told you this many thousands of times throughout your childhood, as it is a lesson, as you know, that cost me a great deal.
26) 21) dialog: Yesterday I received a telegram, informing me that you are to be called before the board of directors of the college. They say you neglect schoolwork. They say you behave strangely. They intend to expel you. Did you know this? 63.
26) 23) dialog: Can’t they?
26) 25) dialog: You what?
26) 28) dialog: Luckily you are of age where I no longer need to take responsibility for your faults and failings. If the board asks me to speak in your hearing, I will tell them you never should have been admitted in the first place. Victor sits staring at his father.
26) 30) dialog: Apologies. Are. Meaningless. How many times must I tell you. Frankenstein stands up and leaves, just like that, leavin Victor sitting, silent. Igor, upstairs, clearly doesn’t k what to do next. INT. SCOTLAND YARD - TURPIN’S OFFICE Turpin’s office is messy, clearly the den of a hardworkin man. He’s sitting at the desk alongside his daughter REBECCA, 9 years old. She’s adorable, currently playing w Turpin’s magnifying glass. He leans to and makes a face at her through it. She laugh delighted. Alistair enters, holding a sheet of paper.
36) 5) dialog: Only that I am shocked that he was able to attend this long. 79.