7) 17) dialog: I’m Igor.
7) 19) dialog: I have a name. I have a...library.
7) 22) dialog: Oh...wow.
7) 26) dialog: Igor. Igor. Yeegor. Eyegor. (cut) Hello, my name is Yaygor- no that’s bloody awful- (cut) Oh hello, Duchess, my name is Igor. An actor? Ha, duchess you flatter me, aS a matter of fact, I’ma doctor- He does a flourishing gesture and accidentally knocks a b of shit off the dresser.
7) 27) dialog: Bloody hell-
7) 63) dialog: (quietly) Chisick Cross.
8) 0) text: Igor steps out, but the hustle and bustle of the busy str in daytime scares the shit out of him, and he jumps back inside. A moment later he reemerges. 29. We follow Igor as he walks up the street, in awe at every and everything.
9) 0) text: The hospital is dank and dirty, really just one large warehouse style room filled with the sick and dying. Igor cautiously heads in, nervous, looking remarkably clean cu and pristine amongst all the filth. He starts to walk in, when he’s called out by a gruff mal nurse, dirty and frightening.
9) 2) dialog: I- oh, I’m sorry, I’ll- I’1l go-
9) 4) dialog: I- No, I’m just looking for a friend. She was an aerialist, at the circus.
9) 6) dialog: Lorelei- 30. -Inspector Turpin and Constable Alistair. Igor freezes, confused.
9) 7) dialog: I’m sorry- I didn’t mean to- are you doctors-—
9) 9) dialog: I just- I just-
9) 11) dialog: I- yes- no- I-
9) 13) dialog: I- No, I'm- just a friend- Turpin looks to Lorelei, who clearly is in no shape to an questions, much less recognize Igor. Turpin takes a step forward, backing Igor out of the curtained area.
9) 15) dialog: I- what’re you- Turpin has drawn out an artist’s depiction of Victor, and consulting it against Igor’s features.
9) 17) dialog: (horrified) The- the what-
9) 19) dialog: I didn’t- Ig- I’m Igor-
9) 21) dialog: I- I’m sorry, I have to go- 31.
9) 23) dialog: I have to go- I have to go- Igor turns, nearly walking into a patient, rushing frantically out of the hospital. Constable Alistair pokes his head out.
11) 4) dialog: ...They think I’m a murderer-
11) 11) dialog: (happy about the duck) Mhm.
11) 13) dialog: So you like school then?
11) 15) dialog: What brought you to the circus? 33.
11) 17) dialog: Oh, you like the animal tricks? They were always my favorite too-
11) 19) dialog: Beg pardon?
12) 0) text: Victor leads in Igor, turning on the lights. This room is cluttered, but more purposefully than the others; there’s table in the center with several larger objects on it, covered by a sheet.
12) 2) dialog: To what end? Study?
12) 4) dialog: But that’s im-
12) 6) dialog: ...What’s under the sheet? 34.
12) 8) dialog: .-.-Righto. What’s under the sheet? Victor yanks away the sheet, revealing a small electrical generator...And a set of human eyes, a with an interlaced optical nervous system, suspended in fluid in a fish tank Ah-
12) 9) dialog: ha.
12) 11) dialog: You've done a shoddy job on the nerves here-
12) 14) dialog: You’ve mastered the conversion.
12) 16) dialog: Show me.
12) 18) dialog: When does it do...something-
12) 20) dialog: You are a genius. You have created something that will change the world.
13) 0) text: Victor leads Igor out into an open area.
13) 2) dialog: Well I-
13) 4) dialog: I have a complete mastery of the nervous and circulatory systems. (MORE)
13) 6) dialog: I am also well versed in the form and structure of the muscles and bones. I also am quite up to date on the deductions made about the function the different parts of the brain serve, although I believe most of the current observations will, in time, prove to be completely wrong.
13) 8) dialog: ...-This larger whole. What is it?
13) 10) dialog: But if my work will go towards it, surely I deserve to-
13) 12) dialog: (after a beat) ...-Agreed. I want to help change the world. Victor smiles, and extends his hand, which Igor tentative shakes.
14) 0) text: Igor is sitting and drawing; a sketch of Lorelei, floatin through the air between two trapeze. The electric lights the room flicker for a moment, and Igor looks up. There’s a noise at the door, and we see an envelope pushe through the slot. Igor looks around, then hesitantly goes and picks it up. It’s marked: I.STRAUSSMAN - URGENT. Igor moves to set the I.STRAUSSMAN letter on a pile by th door of other mail for Victor’s absent roommate, but then falters. He hesitates, and listens for Victor; nothing. Igor opens the envelope, and scans through the letter ins PAYMENT 2 MONTHS OVERDUE. FINAL NOTICE. The door to the basement bursts open, startling Igor.
14) 1) dialog: This letter for Master Straussman, it- Victor is positively glowing with happiness.
15) 0) text: Victor and Igor head up the street, talking.
15) 2) dialog: You make your father out to be a great man. 38.
15) 4) dialog: Do you think I’1l ever get to meet him?
15) 6) dialog: You mentioned he had a library?
15) 8) dialog: Do you think he has a copy of Thompson’s?
15) 10) dialog: Do you think we could go there, to his library?
15) 12) dialog: In the circus, I had a copy. It was a great inspiration to me.
15) 14) dialog: Oh...Master Victor, I don’t know if I’m suited for all this- 39.
15) 19) dialog: (laughing) Victor why does this idea fascinate you?
15) 25) dialog: Ladiesyoullhavetoexcuseme 40. Both women groan in disappointment but Igor is already up gone, clumsily pushing his way through the club. He gets the bar; she’s gone! No, there she is, headed up the stai
16) 0) text: Igor catches up to Lorelei at the top of the stairs; she turns, sensing his presence before he can say anything. T stand there deadlocked in silence, staring at each other. She suddenly embraces him; Igor is shocked. She whispers into his ear, her words fraught with emotion.
16) 2) dialog: Penham Mall? That’s really fancy, though, isn’t it?
16) 4) dialog: You can be awful when you look great, isn’t that the way people behave?
16) 6) dialog: Well, I, uh- I don’t really- um- So does he intend to marry you?
16) 8) dialog: Do I?
16) 10) dialog: Oh no, I just- um- listening-
16) 12) dialog: Appearances? Lorelei nods down at BARON BOMINE, who’s on the main floo He’s the gayest man alive.
16) 13) dialog: Aaaah. Oh. IGOR (CONT’D) LORELEI Robert the Juggler. Robert the Juggler. Both of them immediately crack up.
16) 16) dialog: Yes, Victor Frankenstein. Smartest person I’ve ever met. He’s the one who helped me save you, as well. He got me out of the circus, fixed my back...I owe him everything.
16) 18) dialog: (faltering) He’s quite brilliant, really, just not so much of a...person for talking to people.
16) 20) dialog: Ah, it looks like he may need my-
16) 22) dialog: Listen, we’re right in the West End, on Verner Street.
16) 24) dialog: So we’ll see each other again.
16) 26) dialog: My name is Igor.
17) 0) text: Victor is puking into a pile of garbage, while Igor stand next to him, patting his back.
17) 2) dialog: It’s all right.
17) 4) dialog: It’s all right to care if people like you. I like you. 43.
17) 6) dialog: ...What are we celebrating?
18) 2) dialog: What is that?
18) 6) dialog: You...you made this-
18) 9) dialog: Victor, I don’t- What is this? You said this was about life, not death-
18) 11) dialog: ...What-
18) 13) dialog: It’s...alive.
18) 15) dialog: ++.-Victor- 45.
18) 17) dialog: This is- Victor- you’ve created life from nothing, don’t you see how impor-
18) 19) dialog: I- to the college- as your assistant?
19) 0) text: The main building of the college is on a big, beautiful campus. Victor and Igor are unloading the big gurney off top of a coach, the bedsheet tied down tightly. Victor hands Igor down the heavy dynamo equipment, and Ig looks up at the college. It’s everything he’d ever dreame
20) 0) text: Victor and Igor stand at the front of the big lecture hal The Gordon-Gurney and the dynamo are all set up. Victor i addressing the audience. 46. Igor is clearly uncomfortable, and concerned about his friend. Victor’s voice has a new element to it: a nervous tremor that we haven’t heard before.
20) 4) dialog: Yes, Master.
20) 18) dialog: viIc- The other arm tears loose, grabs Igor and flings him into generator. He collapses, dazed. Oh shit. Finnegan stands, watching as Gordon finishes ripping itse free from the gurney.
20) 20) dialog: The creature-—
20) 24) dialog: But it’s free! It’s- dangerous!
20) 26) dialog: Victor, we have to stop it- Igor turns and Victor grabs him roughly by the sleeve.
20) 31) dialog: H-...Hello, I- Gordon turns abruptly, and SCREAMS, charging down the roo ripping up roof tiles and flinging them at Igor, who turn scrambling away, but Gordon quickly overtakes him, tackli him and sending them both tumbling violently down towards ledge. The fall has a bizarre, unsettling effect on Gordon; the creature's patchwork body, not intended for this, has sta to come apart! 50. Igor and Gordon fall over the edge, but Igor catches hims dangling by one hand over a fifteen foot drop to the roof the school’s greenhouse. Gordon COMES OUT OF NOWHERE, swinging at him easily and gracefully, SLASHING WILDLY. The blows knock Igor’s grip loose, and tear his shirt, exposing the backbrace beneath dangling this way Igor is defenseless, and he has to take hits as they come, until- GORDON LEAPS ENTIRELY ONTO IGOR, causing them both to plu down onto
20) 33) dialog: All right...... where'd you go...where’d you- Gordon BURSTS UP THROUGH A PANEL TO HIS RIGHT, taking a w swing, and Igor is forced to hurry his treacherous progre trying to make it to a nearby roof. Meanwhile, Gordon is easily monkeying around upside-down on the interior ceili of the greenhouse, smashing through panels to take wild swings at Igor. Igor makes the leap to the roof, and Gordon comes smashin into him from behind; the impact is enough to literally k one of Igor’s shoes off, but his training as a clown help him to roll with the impact. Gordon roars again, and charges once more; a chase begins over the roof of the college, which we the audience along with Igor realize is actually many buildings, built only few feet apart. Igor, jumping these gaps with this monstrosity mere secon behind him and gaining, realizes what he has to do. Jumping past a wind-vein, Igor rips it free, and at the n gap, TURNS AND BASHES GORDON ACROSS THE FACE. Gordon is disoriented mid-jump, and begins to fall into t gap between the buildings, BUT GRABS IGOR, PULLING HIM DO
20) 40) dialog: Victor! It’s dead, it’s dead! Victor, covered in the creature’s blood, his hair hanging sweaty strands, hunched over and breathing hard, looks at Igor. He drops the shovel.
20) 41) dialog: You killed it. You...you killed it-
22) 0) text: Victor and Igor are arguing; it’s the first time this has ever happened.
22) 1) dialog: It was bloody homicidal!
22) 3) dialog: But Victor you could’ve helped, you could've done something-
22) 5) dialog: You said you didn’t care about the people at the school! The other students-—
22) 10) dialog: 
22) 13) dialog: Like Gordon?
22) 15) dialog: No, that’s ridicu-
22) 18) dialog: This technology is not meant for-
22) 28) dialog: But Victor, surely-
22) 31) dialog: +..Yes Mast- Yes Victor.
23) 0) text: Igor slowly comes down the stairs. Victor, wearing a lab- coat, is working in near total darkness, lit by sparks. 57. He’s standing over the operating table, which has a new s over it; something under the sheet writhes and twists bizarrely.
23) 4) dialog: I...uh...I’m here to see Lorelei.
24) 0) text: Igor and Lorelei, looking positively scorching hot, walk together up a walkway on the side of the Thames.
24) 4) dialog: (quietly) Yes...
24) 6) dialog: No, no...It’s about life, not death. Igor and Lorelei are coming up a bridge to cross it, and realizes privately that it’s the same bridge he jumped of his circus escape. They stop, looking out over the dyes.
24) 7) dialog: Victor dreams of a world filled with hope, instead of fear. A world where a mother who dies during childbirth can live to see her son, where a murdered man can personally identify his murderer. Where a paralyzed soldier with shrapnel embedded in his spine can be killed, healed, and then be brought back to life to walk again. The possibilities are endless...
24) 9) dialog: ...-Enough about me. What’s next for you? Lorelei gives him a look, but then laughs.
24) 11) dialog: Trapeze?
24) 16) dialog: That’s over now-
24) 18) dialog: You shouldn't apologize-
24) 20) dialog: Lorelei-
24) 22) dialog: Lorelei it’s all right-
24) 24) dialog: What were you going to do? Take it up with management? Who was there to tell? Who was there to turn to? If you’d come to my aid Nathaniel, Rafferty and the rest...I never blamed you. Not once. Ever. Igor let’s this sink in. They look down over bridge, to where the dyes are pouring into the water, coloring it purple, blue, red, green...
24) 25) dialog: Besides, we’re here now, aren’t we? We're here and we’re beautiful. 60.
24) 27) dialog: I...I promise. There’s a beat. They’re staring into each other's eyes. There should be a kiss here. There isn’t.
25) 0) text: Igor is confidently approaching the door; he reaches out open it, but then takes a beat.
25) 1) dialog: (mutter under his breath) Victor...truly respect me as a scientist...something you can’t control... Someone loudly clears their throat behind him, startling into a little yelp. There stands Doctor Claus Von FRANKENSTEIN, late 50s earl 60s, lean and gray, with a demeanor so cold his breath ha wind chill factor.
25) 3) dialog: .«.-I’m sorry, I don’t-
25) 5) dialog: Yes, I-
26) 0) text: Victor sits at his desk; he’s engrossed in drawing someth a blueprint. He’s fully absorbed in it, and doesn’t look when Igor enters.
27) 1) dialog: So what’s this then? Victor's startled; he turns to see Igor holding the bluep he was working on.
27) 3) dialog: It’s also not big enough.
27) 5) dialog: Oh nothing, never mind-
27) 7) dialog: Gordon was fast, sure...but he couldn’t muster much strength at all. Seemed to be having a hard time breathing- Victor perks up just a tiny bit.
27) 9) dialog: But if we’re going to build something that we want to live and stay alive, we’re going to need more energy. Tons more energy.
27) 11) dialog: Lightning? Lightning! Victor sits up scrambling through his messy desk.
27) 14) dialog: Two sets of lungs.
27) 16) dialog: Shall I get some whiskey-
27) 20) dialog: He’1ll need a broad head- maybe an elephant skull-
27) 22) dialog: Make our own- LATER... Drunker.
27) 23) dialog: The bones will have to be reenforced; we can shape elk, maybe-
27) 25) dialog: Yes, and then, install, a chess board across the top of his head-
27) 27) dialog: 
28) 0) text: Igor cautiously makes his way down the stairs, seeing Vic fully dressed, headed out the door. 67.
28) 1) dialog: Where are you going?
28) 3) dialog: What? Now?
28) 5) dialog: Well let me-
28) 7) dialog: But I don’t even- wait! Victor!
28) 22) dialog: You gave him your plans? Victor, ignoring Igor, nods in agreement.
28) 25) dialog: Tell me it will work. Tell me the baby will be all right.
28) 27) dialog: Victor, we don’t know if-
28) 36) dialog: I- you- WHAT!? VICTOR-
28) 39) dialog: I won’t let you- I won’t stand by- 71.
28) 44) dialog: I- I- I- you bastard, you bloody monstrous bastard-
28) 49) text: Scribbled in familiar handwriting: “I - How little you th of me. - F.” Igor let's out a little gasping laugh, and then looks aro in disbelief.
29) 0) text: The snow falls lightly, the crowd bustles, and Igor emerg carrying the baby. He walks across half the city, purposeful, not pausing; Christmas morning is peaceful, b we watch as the streets slowly crowd with people. We see him ask several strangers for directions, finding way, crossing bridges, going down alleys, finally reachin
30) 0) text: Igor stops outside the house, and looks down at the baby. goes up to the door of the rickety little brownstone hous knocks, no reply. And then MR. WINTHROP answers the door; the man is a wrec pale, red-eyed, bereaved. He sees Igor; he speaks. Igor doesn’t respond. Instead, he simply holds out the baby. Winthrop stares at it, and then calls out, and again, and again. Igor hands the baby to him and he nearly faints. MRS. WINTHROP appears in the doorway. She sees the baby, and simply stares in shock. Mrs. Winth clutches onto both her child and her husband as Igor slow backs away from the door. The reunited family collapses i sobbing heap in their door frame. They begin to call after Igor, but Igor, taking one last look at them...vanishes into the crowd.
31) 0) text: Igor stands staring out over the water, crying, breathing hard, laughing and talking to himself. He seems to realiz something, and then takes off running. 73.
32) 0) text: Igor runs, and runs, and runs, a man on fire. He stops, winded, to loosen his back brace. EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - MOMENTS LATER Igor runs up from the street, through the garden, up to t front door, knocks frantically, waits, knocks again, wait the butler answers, Igor speaks frantically, the butler g away, Igor waits, tries to fix his disheveled appearance, makes it worse, Lorelei appears in the doorway- Igor grabs her and kisses her. After a startled moment, she kisses him back. They stand the doorway, laughing and holding each other.
33) 0) text: Igor approaches, divinely happy, driven, heading towards door, when someone grabs his sleeve... ..-It’s Turpin. CuT “FIX YOU” ABRUPTLY.
34) 0) text: Igor is bringing out tea, his hands shaking. Turpin is settling down opposite Victor by the fire, Constable Alis over by the window. Victor now sits in the chair his father sat in, with Turp in the smaller seat.
35) 10) dialog: Did you have to needle him like that?
35) 12) dialog: We had a saying back in the circus, “Never feed a lion when it’s hungry.”
35) 16) dialog: To the hearing? 78.
36) 0) text: It’s beautiful but very sparse, Victor standing alone ina sea of negative space, with the board of directors across room from him behind a desk. His father sits nearby, star out a window. Igor stands off to the side, in a corner. DR. CLIVE, the head of the board, old and dignified, is reading from a list.
36) 7) dialog: You leave him alone damn it!
36) 9) dialog: Has this reputable institution have no eye for real intelligence, real innovation, real revolution? Surely a real medical school would have this man performing his experiments in its hallowed halls, rather than in the dingy confines of a basement. Time will prove all of you fools, fools, and show this man to be a genius!
36) 10) text: Victor looks to be in a state of shock. Igor’s flustered, breathing hard. The medical board exchange glances.
37) 0) text: Victor and Igor sit in the coach as it rattles up the str Victor has his head pressed against the window, staring o Igor is clearly nervous he’s screwed up. Victor speaks without looking up, clearly lost in his own thoughts.
37) 5) dialog: Listen, Victor...I have faith in you. I have faith in your ideas, and I understand you think Finnegan is the only way to continue our work, but I ask you to reconsider. His motives are unclear, his lack of morality frightens me, and the fact that you’ve already given him most of your designs, our designs, scares me most of all. So if I truly am your partner...If I truly am your friend... Victor seems to osmose this for a moment, taking it in.
38) 0) text: Igor is nervously sketching out a design for a lightweigh collapsible wheelchair. He hears a sound from upstairs an waits, looking; it’s clear Victor has gone into his room not come out for some time. There’s a knock at the door. 81.
38) 1) dialog: (whisper-yell) Victor! Victor! Nothing. No response. Igor tries to look out the window, and can’t see anything. Tension builds. He goes and picks up a fireplace poker, then moves slowly to the door; the knock comes again, startling him.
38) 2) dialog: (one last try) Victor! No response. Igor swings open the door and sees- LORELEI! Igor yelps, dropping the poker behind the door, then trying clumsily to camoflage his spazz-out by straightening his hair. One of Baron Bomine’s carriages is parked in the street behind her.
38) 4) dialog: Yes, very much-
38) 7) dialog: S'not the hospitals. 82.
38) 9) dialog: A good modern hospital should never have these problems. It’s just that in a city of this size, many of the hospitals are unclean or poorly kept; the notion of a hospital is a positive one, it’s the execution, the lack of public support, the acceptance of under- qualified doctors and nurses that allows the sort of infective cross pollination you’re describing.
38) 11) dialog: I...I uh-
38) 14) dialog: I...Uh, I would-
38) 18) dialog: Yes, I just need a minute. INT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - IGOR AND LORELEI’S ROOM A frustrated Igor wrestles off his jacket and shirt. He t on the back-brace, finally fully taking it off. He realiz with a start that he’s fine without it; he’s outgrown it. Pondering this, folds up the brace into a pocket-size bal and stares at, rolling it around in his hand. It is Victo Lorelei enters, shutting the door behind her. Igor shows the folded back-brace. Lorelei turns and locks the door, then rushes Igor, tackl him; they fall onto the bed, giggling and making out...it slowly turns more sexy... INT. BOMINE CARRIAGE —- MORNING The carriage rumbles up the road, Igor happy in the backs clearly deep in thought. They turn onto Victor’s street, Igor looks up to see-
39) 1) dialog: Go, go, up there. The carriage pulls around the corner, and Igor hops out, ducking immediately behind a fruit cart. The crowd is distracted by the bobbies, and Igor sneaks around, duckin through the crowd, trying to move towards an alley to the right of the house. Turpin’s head snaps up, pinpointing Igor’s quick movement the crowd. 84.
40) 0) text: Igor has himself frantically pressed against the door, turning to see Victor who’s rushing from machine to machi priming them to overload.
40) 1) dialog: Victor, we-
40) 7) dialog: Victor, stop, we have to get out of here!
40) 13) dialog: What’re you-
40) 17) dialog: Who- ...WHAT-
40) 19) dialog: ++.-you- you-
40) 28) dialog: No- no- I’m sorry, I’m sorry- Turpin stares at Igor’s face, the realization hitting him
41) 0) text: Igor and Victor fall down into the muck, and Victor yanks Igor to his feet, both of them running, splashing through grime. There’s a splash from behind them, and Igor looks back in the darkness; he can’t see anything. Victor leads Igor through the darkness, finally bursting through a drainage ditch onto
42) 0) text: Finnegan is at the far end of the luxurious home office, playing darts. He’s focused, intense- Victor bursts in, followed by Igor, who’s clearly still d in thought.
42) 11) dialog: I’m not going ANYWHERE with you.
42) 13) dialog: You amoral psychotic piece of shit- Scratch that, FURIOUS.
42) 15) dialog: How could you do that? To keep from me for months that you had killed a man and given me his name-
42) 17) dialog: No, Victor, enough is enough-
42) 19) dialog: Of what? Being lied to, chased by monsters and hunted by police-
42) 21) dialog: NO! You’re- you’re a- a BAD FRIEND. Victor is startled by the simpleness of the accusation, a Maybe even hurt.
42) 23) dialog: You care for no one but Victor Frankenstein-
42) 25) dialog: And why should I believe you!? In my time with you I’ve seen you put lives in danger in pursuit of your dreams, your experiments-—
42) 27) dialog: So he deserved to be toyed with like a puppet to help you escape, to have his eyes torn out of his head, where was HIS second chance-
42) 30) dialog: No Victor I see clearly. You are blind, and you have no capacity to see what’s happened, what you’ve done-
42) 32) dialog: You can go to your ruin. But I’m staying here.
42) 34) dialog: It’s none of your concern.
42) 38) dialog: ...I don’t know.
42) 40) dialog: I said what I meant to say.
42) 42) dialog: 
42) 45) dialog: Finnegan-
43) 0) text: Igor, returned to his hunchbacked state, drags himself up through the mud onto the shore of the Thames. He vomits o water, coughing, and howls in pain, tearing off his wrist bindings and clutching his back. He looks up noticing a group of little boys who were play by the river. 93.
43) 1) dialog: Help...Help me- The little boys, horrified of this muddy river monster, t and run. Igor lays there, sobbing and coughing. EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - LATER Lorelei is sitting at a tea table in the gardens, sipping and reading a book. There’s a crash from nearby, and Lore stands up, going around the side of the house, where she sees... Igor, filthy and pathetic, the hunchback, cowering behind some garbage bins. He stares up at her, helpless and ashamed. She goes to him. FADE TO BLACK. FADE IN... It's been at least a week. Igor, worn out, is in a bed, sick....He tries to get up, but then collapses onto the ground; Lorelei rushes to help him.
43) 2) dialog: Victor...Victor... Igor passes out. FADE TO BLACK.
43) 27) dialog: Go back to sleep-
43) 28) text: Igor, don’t do this, don’t go-
43) 29) dialog: I'm sorry Lorelei.
43) 31) dialog: I cannot forget.
43) 33) dialog: I must! Don’t you see that? I cannot let Victor die, and I cannot see this horror created in his name, it’s- this is my responsibility. I have to go, Lorelei, I have to stop it. He stands there, breathing hard, more human than we’ve ev seen him, and touches his back in pain. Lorelei, seeing h as though for the first time, pauses, thinking, and then.
44) 0) text: Out on the docks on the English Channel, Igor ticket information for his passport. He gets board a tramp steamer, giving the ticket to a He gets halfway up the ramp before the sailor
45) 0) text: A carriage for hire rattles up the road towards a little picturesque village set at the base of rolling hills. Halfway up one of the hills sits a very tall windmill, attached to an old farmhouse. And at the top of that same hill, surrounded by thick woo is Castle Erksine...An ancient stone castle, gray against dimming sky, surrounded by a dry moat. A storm is brewing on the horizon, lightning crackling in black clouds. Rain has started to trickle down. Igor leans out, staring at the castle.
45) 2) dialog: Good evening. Listen, I’m just here on business. I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind giving me some directions up to the castle- The door bursts open, and a BELGIAN COUNCILMAN along with TOWN HEAVY.
46) 0) text: Igor, exhausted, his back aching, makes it to the bridge the dried out moat. He stumbles and nearly falls, out of breath, filthy and soaking wet. He creeps around the side of the castle, looking for a wa in. Finally, he comes to the base of huge, gnarly, overgr tree. Igor climbs up and through the branches, finally at the t he’s able to plan a jump across to the castle’s top wall walkway. One of Finnegan’s guards walks past, and Igor nearly fall out of the tree in his effort to conceal himself. The gua passes, and Igor pulls himself up and flings himself acro
47) 0) text: Igor sneaks along the upper wall, finally coming to a bre in the wall where he can see down into the courtyard, whe Victor's laboratory is set up. It is INCREDIBLE. Giant-size versions of all his laboratory machinery have set up, abuzz with power, and a huge scaffolding system h been set up around a raised platform next to one of the towers; the scaffolding goes up fifty feet into the air, atop it sits Victor’s hypothetical lightning magnet, the CLOUD HOOK. On the platform stands Victor and Dettweiler; Victor wear completely awesome looking buttoned up labcoat, with huge gnarly looking goggles on his forehead. Dettweiler wears black version of much the same. Between them is a massive gurney, but Igor can’t get a go look at what’s on it... To Igor, who saw all this when it was just a pipe-dream, breathtaking. There are several other scientists/technici in lab-wear working the machines, supervised by Finnegan, looks excited. 100. He stealthily moves to the lower level, and quietly sneak through the lab, moving towards Victor and Dettweiler on platform. And as the gurney tilts up, there it is: The PROMETHEUS is just over ten feet tall, stitched toget for over two dozen different donors. Its body is gargantu and misshapen; its head is oddly shaped, the face wide an bizarre, a mess of features stretched and jigsawed togeth to create a simulation of humanity. Igor watches as Victor goes under one of the big machines into the inner-workings.
47) 3) dialog: Victor. Victor turns wto see Igor, having snuck in from the other side, lit by the flashes of electricity give the cramped space an ethereal light. He doesn’t seem to have any kind reaction.
47) 5) dialog: You have to stop the experiment.
47) 8) dialog: Turpin’s in the town.
47) 10) dialog: He’s in the town, he’s coming here-
47) 12) dialog: I really don’t think that matters to him anymore.
47) 14) dialog: It’s a soldier, Victor. Victor stops dead.
47) 15) dialog: He’s used you.
47) 17) dialog: You've created the prototype for a weapon, Victor, a living weapon-
47) 19) dialog: Have you known me to lie? Once? Ever? The machine sparks, and Victor flinches.
47) 20) dialog: Finnegan tried to have me killed, Victor. I’ve come here to save you, as I believe he intends to kill you too when you’ve outlived your usefulness and given him what he wants. We can still get out of this, Victor, but you must stop the experiment.
47) 24) dialog: No- Victor, help me! Victor, coming out from under the machine, seems a millio miles away; his expression is unreadable.
47) 28) dialog: Don’t do this, Victor, don’t let it happen- One of the guards punches Igor in the face, shutting him Victor flinches.
47) 35) dialog: No, this isn’t- this isn’t- OUTSIDE... 103. Turpin and his mob of villages have arrived, in a fervor. They’re using the plow to ram the main gate, again and ag
47) 63) dialog: Victor! THE PLATFORM FLIPS as it completely comes free of the elevator machinery, and Igor goes crashing to the- SLAM TO BLACK.
47) 66) dialog: All right...easy...easy... Another crash at the gates. The Prometheus’s face remains entirely blank.
47) 67) dialog: Just- The Prometheus grunts, and then SWATS IGOR INTO THE AIR; bounces hard off some equipment, damaging it, and lands o the ground bent double in pain; he tries to stand, but fi he can’t... .--The damn back-brace is broken, trapping him into his o hunchbacked position. He can barely move, much less stand
49) 0) text: Turpin stumbles in, still looking over his shoulder, and turns to see the lab. The smoke is thick in the courtyard now; you can barely see in some areas. Finnegan prowls through the smoke, gun drawn, twitchy. Igor, on nearly the other side of the courtyard, struggle with his back-brace, seeing Finnegan searching for him. H crawls, desperate. 107. Turpin moves amongst the anarchy, in awe of all the burni sparking, exploding equipment. He sees Igor crawling, and moves towards him like a bullet.
49) 1) dialog: Inspector Turpin- please listen- you don’t know, you don’t know what’s happened here, you’re not- Turpin isn’t hearing it; he grabs Igor, yanking him up; I can barely move. Turpin’s got a look of insane exhilarati on his face; this is it, the moment he’s waited for!
49) 3) dialog: Please- you’re in danger- Finnegan, up on a bank of equipment, sees movement throug the smoke, raises his gun and fires. Turpin blinks, releasing Igor.
49) 5) dialog: No- no no- Turpin, in shock, coughing up blood, looks up at Igor, watching as Igor tears off his own sleeve, trying to stop bleeding.
49) 7) dialog: I’m a doctor. It’s what I do. Turpin, through the shock, is looking around at all the technology; he didn’t understand, he knows that now. By g he thought he knew, but he had no idea.
49) 11) text: Igor, trembling, stares at Finnegan; there’s a tremendous hate in his eyes, and Finnegan, feeling it, steps back, intimidated despite his position of total control.
49) 12) dialog: You're a monster.
49) 18) dialog: You saved my life again.
49) 20) dialog: The fires? But Victor-
49) 22) dialog: Victor- 110.
49) 24) dialog: NO VICTOR. You're going to come with me, and you're going to help me kill the Prometheus-
49) 26) dialog: Damn it, enough! Enough! I’ve seen you do wondrous things Victor, some terrible but wondrous things. You’re the greatest mind of your generation, but your blindness has already cost too much! (summons up courage) I’ve seen the way your father treats you! This will never be good enough for him! Nothing you ever do will be good enough for him, you could resurrect all of England and he would scoff and call you a disappointment! You can’t bring your brother back! At this, Victor stops trying to put out the fires. He sta into the flames; the lab continues to explode around them but he’s motionless.
49) 27) dialog: You were the one who gave me the strength I needed to become the man I wanted to be. Now trust me, please. Stop pretending not to care about anyone or anything, and Victor, damn it, grow up and help me stop this thing before it hurts anyone else. BE A MAN AND TAKE
50) 0) text: Victor and Igor, bruised, battered and bloody, approach t massive Dutch Windmill on the side of the hill; the villa are gathered around it. At first it appears they have the Prometheus trapped in t house portion, but then the Prometheus tromps out and tak few people down, before going back in.
51) 0) text: Victor kicks in the door; Igor comes in through a massive hole in the wall next to the door. They exchange a look. The farmhouse is sparse, and the inside is completely destroyed, broken furniture everywhere.
51) 2) dialog: It's alright, we’re here to- The MONSTER SMASHES OUT OF A ROOM TO THEIR RIGHT, FLOORIN IGOR. Victor opens fire wildly as the creature crosses th room; he mostly misses, and the bullets that do hit have almost no effect. The creature grabs the girl in one of its massive hands, roars at Victor and crashes through a wall into the insid the windmill.
52) 0) text: The interior of the windmill stretches out above them, th inside lit by torches. There are a series of flimsy woode platforms built around the central windmill machinery, connected by diagonal ladders, leading up to the top. The monster stands at the bottom, above a big well full o water, dunking the terrified little girl. 112. Victor hurriedly picks up one of the long, sharp steel po they use as bolts on the well, as Igor strafes around the monster.
52) 13) dialog: What?
52) 16) dialog: I’m not going to leave you here- 114. Igor begins pushing on the monster; it sloooowly slides u the shiskabob, far too slowly with the windmill collapsin this rate. Victor grabs Igor with his good arm.
52) 20) dialog: I believe you.
52) 22) dialog: Oh, you’ve sealed my fate. There’s no way I’m going to leave you now.
52) 24) dialog: Because you didn’t kill Igor Straussman. Igor throws all his weight into one more push, and, miraculously, the Prometheus drops, falling through the center level of the windmill, plummeting down into the fi Igor glances down again at the well, now also surrounded fire and jagged rubble.
52) 25) dialog: Give me your hand. Victor nods, and takes Igor’s hand; Igor begins to agonizingly pull him up the steel rod- 115.
54) 0) text: The sun is rising over a mountain range. The little cotta has clearly been abandoned for some time; Castle Erskine in the distance, still leaking smoke up into the brighten sky. From here we have a beautiful view of a rustic lake. Turpin, his chest bandaged, sits staring out over the wat at the sunset; he’s clearly deep in thought. Igor slowly approaches him. Turpin speaks without looking at him.
54) 3) text: TURPIN (CONT’D) All I wanted, all that mattered, is that I would see my daughter again. And you've given me that. (beat) I don’t imagine that I have much credence left at the yard, but...Should you return to England, I can see to it you won’t be troubled any further. Igor gives it a beat, and then smiles. The two of them si staring out at the water.
55) 0) text: Victor, heavily bandaged and clearly a bit weary from his wounds and considerably rough night, is readying two hors packing his remaining equipment into the saddlebags. Igor stands nearby.
55) 2) dialog: ...we’re not?
55) 4) dialog: But Victor-
55) 6) dialog: Victor, I... 117.
55) 8) dialog: I can’t go with you. (quickly) I would, I- I can’t. Lorelei is waiting for me back in London. I love her, Victor, and there are- opportunities for me- I can have a life of my own, Victor. A real life. Victor stares at him. Igor drops his eyes, terrified; he knows what's coming.
55) 10) dialog: ...what?
55) 12) dialog: Victor! Igor rushes to and embraces Victor, who grunts in pain an generally looks uncomfortable. Igor holds on anyway, cryi overcome with joy.
55) 13) dialog: You are a good man, Victor Frankenstein. I knew you were a good man. At this, Victor allows himself a small, warm smile, unsee Igor. LATER... Turpin is readying a horse, whilst Victor is astride one, trotting away down the road from Igor.
55) 14) dialog: Goodbye Victor! 118.