0) 0) text: It’s a cool, gray morning. The circus is setting up; anim are led here and there, dancers stretch, clowns practice. The Hunchback, 20, sits outside, looking through a rip in tent, watching Lorelei practice on the trapeze inside. He is dirty; pathologically so. He wears old clown clothe the colors worn and faded. His slouched posture and messy overlong hair are offset by bright, intelligent eyes. The Hunchback notices that one of the ropes attached to t trapeze is wearing thin. He grimaces, thinking..
0) 15) dialog: We've been spending so much time in cities I feel like I forgot what the stars looked like.
0) 17) dialog: You really could come eat with us.
0) 19) dialog: There’s always-
0) 23) dialog: Well, that’s my cue to go get ready. I wouldn’t want to upset dear Lord Barnaby.
0) 25) dialog: I know how you like your books-
0) 27) dialog: -.-Yes?
0) 29) dialog: -.-Yes?
0) 31) dialog: (beat) Thank you, sir. I’1l take it up with Mr. Plough. The Hunchback gives an uncertain smile. Lorelei heads off and he stares at his new book. INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-—CAR It’s a large car for hauling equipment, but the back the Hunchback has carved out a little den for himself. Across from it is another makeshift living space, in which sits RAFFERTY, 20s, a dwarf, a person so ratlike the term “hum seems generous. The Hunchback hurries in, changing out of his stained, di work shirt and into his stained, dirty clown costume.
1) 0) text: The circus is going full swing. The Hunchback heads out w several other clowns, doing pratfalls, slapstick; he’s no bad, though it’s clear the exertion hurts his tender back 5. He settles into a juggling routine, and then is distracte Lorelei starting her routine high above him.
3) 0) text: The stands are absolutely packed, and the crowd is rabid excitement. The Hunchback looks out at the crowd from backstage, nervous, and then he gets the cue and rushes o with the rest of the clowns. The clowns go through their act, and then Lorelei starts hers. The Hunchback retreats to backstage quickly, and watches from there.
14) 0) text: Igor is sitting and drawing; a sketch of Lorelei, floatin through the air between two trapeze. The electric lights the room flicker for a moment, and Igor looks up. There’s a noise at the door, and we see an envelope pushe through the slot. Igor looks around, then hesitantly goes and picks it up. It’s marked: I.STRAUSSMAN - URGENT. Igor moves to set the I.STRAUSSMAN letter on a pile by th door of other mail for Victor’s absent roommate, but then falters. He hesitates, and listens for Victor; nothing. Igor opens the envelope, and scans through the letter ins PAYMENT 2 MONTHS OVERDUE. FINAL NOTICE. The door to the basement bursts open, startling Igor.
16) 0) text: Igor catches up to Lorelei at the top of the stairs; she turns, sensing his presence before he can say anything. T stand there deadlocked in silence, staring at each other. She suddenly embraces him; Igor is shocked. She whispers into his ear, her words fraught with emotion.
16) 1) dialog: You saved my life. You saved my life. Igor let's out a sigh of complete relief. LATER... Igor and Lorelei are hanging out, leaning on one of the balconies over the club; they’re completely relaxed, talk like old friends, or, more accurately, refugees.
16) 3) dialog: Oh, you know, just the richest section of London. Haha, I’m sorry, I’m awful.
16) 5) dialog: High praise from a bloke who’s twice the man he used to be, in height alone.
16) 7) dialog: Who, Baron Bomine? I think you misunderstand our relationship-
16) 9) dialog: Oh, and now I see a glint of hope in your eye. 4l.
16) 11) dialog: I met him in the hospital; he was in with a twisted ankle of all things, and he just swept me away once he’d heard the circus left without me. At first he did come on awfully romantic, but- honestly I’ve come to believe that he’s taken me in as his consort more for appearances than anything else.
16) 14) dialog: I don’t know why you’re laughing. I think it’s very important for a juggler to have a sincere love of balls- Both of them crack up again, and then there’s a ruckus fr downstairs; Igor looks and sees that Victor’s accidentall knocked some plates on the floor whilst animatedly gestur
16) 15) dialog: Isn’t that your chap there?
16) 21) dialog: But of course. Igor starts to go, but then stops.
16) 23) dialog: Forty Five Penham Lane.
16) 25) dialog: Yes. Definitely.
16) 29) dialog: “Igor.”
24) 0) text: Igor and Lorelei, looking positively scorching hot, walk together up a walkway on the side of the Thames.
24) 1) dialog: Well why don’t you just tell him you won't do it?
24) 3) dialog: Why not? You said he identifies you as his partner.
24) 5) dialog: I don’t know, if you ask me the whole business sounds sinister. Cutting up corpses? Bringing people back from the grave? I’m not a scientist nor a priest, but doesn’t it seem wrong to you? Against nature?
24) 8) dialog: Yes but Igor...what do you want? What is your place in this dream?
24) 10) dialog: Honestly? I was thinking of starting to give lessons...maybe even starting a school.
24) 12) dialog: No, very few high society girls enjoy...trapeze, more dance. (MORE)
24) 14) dialog: Gymnastics and dance, all the things I know best- I could never go back to a circus, to that life- Lorelei stops, seeming to gather herself.
24) 15) dialog: I must- I must- you were my closest friend, for three years I knew you as “the hunchback-”
24) 17) dialog: But the things I saw and- Igor can you ever forgive me, I’m so sorry-
24) 19) dialog: No, I should. I should I should (is overcome) I saw the way they treated you, sleeping in that rail car and-
24) 21) dialog: The beatings, you’d come around covered in bruises, I did nothing oh I did nothing, because I was too afraid and, and selfish-
24) 23) dialog: But that’s your nature to say “it’s all right,” you’re too forgiving-
24) 26) dialog: (collecting herself) What I’m saying is you mustn’t allow anyone to bully you, ever again. If you think Victor is on the wrong road, you must make a stand. Don’t let yourself be anyone’s footstool, ever again. Promise me. Igor blinks; he’s somewhat in shock.
32) 0) text: Igor runs, and runs, and runs, a man on fire. He stops, winded, to loosen his back brace. EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - MOMENTS LATER Igor runs up from the street, through the garden, up to t front door, knocks frantically, waits, knocks again, wait the butler answers, Igor speaks frantically, the butler g away, Igor waits, tries to fix his disheveled appearance, makes it worse, Lorelei appears in the doorway- Igor grabs her and kisses her. After a startled moment, she kisses him back. They stand the doorway, laughing and holding each other.
38) 3) dialog: (laughing) Did I scare you?
38) 5) dialog: I thought since you were so bold in the morning, I should be bold tonight... (beat) Will you come with me to Baron Bomine’s Christmas ball? Igor looks hesitant; he glances back at Victor’s locked d at the top of the stairs, then at Lorelei, then back at t door, then Lorelei... INT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - BANQUET ROOM Igor and Lorelei are at a long table, filled with rich an swanky looking high society types. Baron Bomine is seated nearby. A NOBLEMAN is talking animatedly his friends, Igo quietly listening and drinking.
38) 12) dialog: Yes, he was trained but never got a degree.
38) 16) dialog: Igor. Igor smiles excitedly at Lorelei, who squeezes his hand. LATER... 83. Igor is being introduced to various high society people; first, he looks nervous, but by the third intro, he’s laughing, smiling, cracking jokes... LATER... They're dancing; it’s all strict ballroom, but Igor and Lorelei are adding goofy little circus flourishes that ar drawing positive attention. Baron Bomine, watching on, lo pleased. Igor grunts, suddenly pained.
38) 17) dialog: Are you alright?
43) 30) dialog: You can stay here, with me, and forget all this-
43) 32) dialog: This is a man who has already attempted to murder you once and very nearly succeeded, please- Igor you’ve never even left London, it isn’t- 96. Igor stops, turning, yelling in anger for the first time.
43) 34) dialog: Igor...You once told me of a world you and Victor wanted to create. A world filled with hope instead of fear. It is a beautiful, beautiful dream. (beat) Don’t let them turn it into a nightmare. Igor nods.