0) 32) dialog: Oi lookadis, into the make-up then. I seem to have eaten all your cheese, haven’t I? The Hunchback stops applying his make-up, hurt.
0) 34) dialog: Oi, right, but I have, and now you're bein a bit cruel. And here I am, forced to sleep in a storage compartment with the likes of you, and you're going to act like a selfish ponce and horde your cheese? It goes to show poverty don’t make you humble, I think. The Hunchback continues applying his make-up, annoyed. RAFFERTY (CONT’D) I didn’t touch your bookie-doos, if that’s what you’re worried about. The Hunchback finishes his make-up, and hurriedly opens a trunk: in it is his library, dozens of beaten up, worn ou medical glossaries and study texts, lovingly taken care o
0) 35) dialog: You know, suspicion is a sign of weakness. The Hunchback carefully places his new book in with the r grabs his juggling pins, and hurries out.
0) 36) dialog: Don’t bother with goodbyes! Manners apparently another casualty of your ailment!
1) 4) dialog: What’s all that grunting, there?
1) 8) dialog: No mistaking an ulna for a No mistaking an ulna for a radius in Thompson's, I know, radius in- I know.
1) 9) dialog: My god you really think you’re smart, don’t you? What an embarrassment that must be. The Hunchback sighs, complacent, but then notices somethi out of a slat in the side of the train. He hurriedly clos his books and rushes to a ladder going up to the roof.
1) 10) dialog: Hey! What’s all this- EXT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-CAR - ROOF The Hunchback bursts out onto the top of the rail car, struggling against the wind for a moment. The train stretches out like a great steel centipede, and beyond it, on the horizon...London. The city, still barel visible, sits in a puddle of smog, dense and brown-black. Rafferty comes out of nowhere, shoving the Hunchback asid
1) 12) dialog: London....Beautiful, innit?
4) 10) dialog: Chin up, freak. What good’s a dream if you can’t wake up from it? INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S CARRIAGE - LATER Rafferty’s asleep. The Hunchback lays stalk-still, eyes straight ahead.
5) 3) dialog: What’s this, a talking tiger, impossible!
5) 5) dialog: Aw, romanticisicizing are we? She’s probably dead, mate, you know that. These city doctors and their dirty hospitals and whatnot. Rafferty picks up a rock and chucks it at the tiger; it immediately stands, bristling and snarling, and the Hunch pulls back, terrified. RAFFERTY (CONT’D) Pleasant dreams. Rafferty heads off, and the Hunchback tries to stay perfe still, pressed hard against the door. It’s no good. The tiger, enraged, has begun slowly creepi towards him, hunkered down in an attack position, growlin eyes filled with bloodlust. Tension builds as the tiger creeps closer and closer... There’s a series of clicks, and the door behind the Hunch opens, sending the Hunchback toppling down to the dirt. He looks up, startled and confused, to see Victor slam th cage shut. 18.
5) 50) dialog: Where’re you going in such a hurry, love? The Hunchback turns and dives off the bridge. Victor, startled, takes a moment to pinch his nose and then follo plummeting the thirty feet down into the water. The tumblers stop, out of breath.
5) 51) dialog: Well don’t just stand there ye idiots, after him! The tumblers are “no.” RAFFERTY (CONT’D) Bloody ‘ell! I’11 do it m’self! Rafferty turns and dives off the bridge- -but doesn’t look before he leaps, not seeing a trade boa coming out from under the bridge- -WHAM! THIRTY FEET HEADFIRST INTO THE DECK. It ain’t pret