2) 0) text: The river Thames flows blue-black through the center of London, a city finding its feet as the first true metropo We watch as the Hunchback helps unpack the train, and a vacant lot is transformed into a fairground. As the Hunchback helps to raise the big-top tent, thunder booms the distant skies. LATER... The Big-Top is up. The circus is just starting to get goi full-swing. People mill around outside, funneling in. 7. A young man moves through the masses, uncomfortable in th crowd. The rain is worse. For a moment we see his face, i a flash of lightning. This is VICTOR.
3) 6) text: I don’t know what to do, I don’t know what to- Suddenly, someone slides up in the dirt next to him. The Hunchback looks up and sees VICTOR, 24, good-looking in a strange way, clean cut and tidy. For now. His words come out in a staccato flow, dry and fast, inexplicably easy to listen to.
3) 7) dialog: What’s happened-
3) 10) dialog: Any previous injuries-—
3) 13) dialog: Do this now or she dies. The Hunchback quickly and deftly tears apart Lorelei’s to her breasts are just barely covered by the edges of the fabric. A huge purply-brown bruise is forming on her clavicle.
3) 15) dialog: Collar bone’s rebroken, it’s pressuring her lung-
3) 19) dialog: Yes but-
3) 21) dialog: Yes but-
3) 24) dialog: WAIT! The angle of the sternum, due to that dislocation-
3) 26) dialog: Ready, steady, go. Victor wrenches the arm, and the Hunchback slaps the pock watch- POPCRUNCH. Lorelei’s shoulder and collarbone both snap back into pla Lorelei gasps in air. The Hunchback laughs in joy and sho but Victor seems totally nonplussed.
3) 27) dialog: That’s- that was brilliant. (beat) Why’re you wearing that make-up?
3) 29) dialog: You're a clown? No you’re not, you're a physician, you just performed a dry surgery with less than a minute to prepare-
3) 31) dialog: What? A group from the circus surrounds them, clumsily heaving Lorelei up to lift her onto a stretcher; she squeals in p
3) 32) dialog: Easy damn it- here, clown, help me. Victor and the Hunchback lift Lorelei onto the stretcher.
3) 33) dialog: Listen, you’re being wasted here. I’m at a student at the Royal College Of Medicine, I have a flat in the West End, I’d be honored to have you as a guest-
3) 35) dialog: You’re not a Hunchback.
3) 38) dialog: Yes, indeed-
3) 40) dialog: Yes, but she needs the care of a hospital; Chisick Cross is just up the road, I can lead your men there.
3) 42) dialog: Stay well, my friend, I shall return for you tomorrow!
4) 13) dialog: Pardon my tardiness. The Hunchback scrambles to stand in the mud, slipping and falling. Victor was RIGHT THERE, next to him.
4) 15) dialog: Have you collected your things? Let’s depart this place immediately.
4) 17) dialog: Ah, I see. Then, shall we?
4) 19) dialog: Very well. Could you direct me to the circus manager, then?
4) 22) dialog: Take your time. EXT. BARNABY’S TRAILER - SECONDS LATER The Hunchback is slowly approaching the trailer, when the slutty gymnast bursts out, storming off. The Hunchback retreats, then, doing his best attempt at stealth, he cre up to the window, looking in. Victor's curt, speedy style of speech clashes harshly wit Barnaby’s uneasy huckster sleaze.
4) 24) dialog: As I said he would come to stay with me.
4) 26) dialog: Not a person, yes, by that do you mean “not human-”
4) 28) dialog: Seems a bit of an oversight.
4) 30) dialog: And he’s been your doctor this whole time-
4) 32) dialog: And yet you've just said that he has been effective in healing the sick and injured, both animal and human-
4) 34) dialog: How exactly does one have a contract without a name I wonder.
4) 36) dialog: Yes, I noticed a pile of burnt books on my way in-
4) 38) dialog: When you’re frustrated you burn books, fascinating, fascinating, listen, you’re a bit of a bastard, aren’t you?
4) 40) dialog: Ignorant selfish cruel bastard, yes, I rather think you don’t know what kind of genius you have on hand and though you’ve been content to abuse him freely for a good long time you'll have to accept that that’s coming to an end, and acquaint yourself-
4) 42) dialog: -with the reality of the Hunchback’s departure- Barnaby stands, slamming his hands on his desk.
4) 44) dialog: -and find yourself a new doctor willing to work for free and tolerate random wanton violence- Barnaby goes around the desk and grabs Victor by the coll yanking him to his feet.
4) 47) dialog: Sir, unhand me immediately. (beat) Are you deaf. I said UNHAND ME IM- EXT. BARNABY’S TRAILER - SECONDS LATER Victor is HURLED out of the trailer, landing hard in the
4) 49) dialog: What compelling imagery. Barnaby stares at Victor, who seems completely unafraid. This creeps Barnaby out, rightly so, and he slams the doo 17. The Hunchback watches as Victor, not bothering to straigh himself at all, stalks off the fairground. The Hunchback tries to call out, but he’s suddenly grabbed by Barnaby.
5) 7) dialog: Magnets. Come on, no time to lose. Victor heads off. The Hunchback stands flummoxed.
5) 9) dialog: What is it now?
5) 11) dialog: You want to collect your things?
5) 13) dialog: What things? The Hunchback is at a loss.
5) 14) dialog: Surely you don’t want to keep your pathetic clown costume-
5) 16) dialog: What do you have here? Friends? I don’t believe it. Future? An early grave, dreams? Burnt ina pile in the mud. Do not waste either of our time with further deliberation. It hits the Hunchback like a ton of bricks.
5) 18) dialog: What?
5) 20) dialog: Well of course I’m right.
5) 23) dialog: 
5) 34) dialog: Come on. 20.
5) 43) dialog: Stop stop stop stop Victor grabs a thirty pound weight and heaves it up into Nathaniel’s ribs. There’s a crunch, and Nathaniel collaps Victor turns to run, but the Hunchback goes to Nathaniel.
5) 45) dialog: Well I told him to stop. 21. The tumblers reappear, running full tilt, blocking their exit to the city. Victor takes off running again, and aft a moment’s panicked deliberation, the Hunchback follows, running
5) 54) text: Dyes are being poured out into the river, turning a porti of it orange, blue and green. On a rocky shore, the Hunchback emerges, coughing up water. Victor pulls himself up as well. Both young men are cover in green dye.
5) 56) dialog: (coughing) What?
5) 59) dialog: Yes, very good, you are a very free, very green man. The Hunchback let’s out a crazy hoot of glee and starts splashing around in the water. Victor watches, indifferen
6) 0) text: Victor's Flat in the West End is on a street crowded with buildings. It’s entirely empty at night; one bobby stroll up the street, but as soon as he’s gone... Victor and the Hunchback come racing out of an alleyway, the door of Victor’s flat.
7) 0) text: Victor and the Hunchback burst in. Though Victor Frankenstein appears tidy and fastidious, his apartment i window into his mind. Though it is very big, the place is a mess. Victor must h some kind of hoarding disorder, as nearly every surface i covered with medical equipment, schematics, trinkets and other assorted junk. The Hunchback looks around in wonder as Victor draws out long syringe behind him.
7) 2) dialog: Next order of business. Victor slams his body-weight into the Hunchback’s body, driving him up against a wall. 23.
7) 4) dialog: This will hurt. Victor plunges the needle deep into the Hunchback’s back, he gasps in pain. He begins to pull back the plunger, and see that the syringe is filling with murky yellow fluid.
7) 5) dialog: I told you before you’re not a hunchback, not a proper one anyway. You have an fluid pocket, probably caused by an abscess, here, beside the tenth vertebrae-
7) 7) dialog: Yes. It’s gone untreated nearly eighteen years, but I’m convinced that if we can just drain it, and- Victor pulls out the needle, letting the Hunchback go, bu then HURLS HIMSELF SHOULDER FIRST INTO THE HUNCHBACK’S SP driving him hard back into the wall! There's a nasty wet cracking sound, and the Hunchback is suddenly fully upright, screaming in pain and then- The screams stop. The Hunchback stirs against the wall, triggering a series of sickly pops and snaps. He’s standi up straight. Awkwardly, but straight.
7) 10) dialog: Now your musculature and bones will be struggling to reset themselves-
7) 12) dialog: (beat) Listen, I didn’t...I didn’t over- estimate your intelligence, did I, because-
7) 14) dialog: .-..Yes, well, your musculature and bones will be struggling to reset themselves, so for the foreseeable future you'll have to wear this. I spent the day building it; it was the reason for my tardiness, I again apologize for that. He hands the Hunchback the back-brace.
7) 15) dialog: Now I shall go to work in the basement, as I have school in the morning. Library, study and kitchen back there, your bedroom is upstairs on the right, mine on the left. There’s a water heater in the bathroom, get that green off you, and for heaven sake do something about your...Hair. Victor goes to the door to the basement, and starts to go but then turns, and speaks somewhat slowly, carefully...
7) 16) dialog: Listen, I had- have a roommate, Igor Straussman. He’s a morphine addict, a liar and a general waste of space, who luckily is almost never home. So, should anyone question your presence here, just say that you’re Igor. Yes? The hunchback, a hunchback no longer, nods his head.
7) 18) dialog: Perfect. Victor slams the door closed, leaving Igor standing in nu shock.
10) 0) text: Victor walks up the street, mumbling angrily. He stops in front of his door, composes himself, and then goes in.
11) 1) dialog: Igor, I’m- Victor stops dead. There’s a trail of mud on the floor, which he follows to find Igor sitting in his muddy clothe the fire, hunched over in a caveman-like squat unbecoming his new appearance.
11) 2) dialog: Back to the mud so soon? Igor looks up at him, eyes wide.
11) 3) dialog: I take it you've seen the posters then. Terrible depiction of me, have my hair all wrong. I’m new to this “criminal” life, but I never suspected they’d attack my vanity. 32.
11) 5) dialog: Well you’re not. And they’re not looking for you, are they? Igor’s confusion is obvious.
11) 6) dialog: They're looking for a piteous, nameless hunchback. A creature who no longer exists. I’ve seen to that, haven’t I? Igor hesitantly smiles; Victor has a way with words.
11) 7) dialog: Dinner?
11) 10) dialog: Of course I never put much faith in the professors. Father says most of them get their job through crony- ism as is; many of them I fear are drunks, idiots, or worse, close- minded people. I find I have a terrible fear of the close minded and ignorant as they seem to do the most damage to society as a whole.
11) 12) dialog: Of course the curriculum is pathetically easy, laughably so; I could even laugh about it now, but to do so would expend more effort than I’m asked to expend of my studies, literally the act of saying “haha” would be more difficult than-
11) 14) dialog: ...I suppose I do.
11) 16) dialog: (beat) The animals.
11) 18) dialog: Living animals are a bore. It’s the dead ones I was after.
11) 20) dialog: For parts. (in response to Igor’s confusion) I believe an explanation is in order. My interest in you did not stem from charity. (beat) I think it’s time you met my monster.
12) 0) text: Victor leads in Igor, turning on the lights. This room is cluttered, but more purposefully than the others; there’s table in the center with several larger objects on it, covered by a sheet.
12) 1) dialog: Before I met you, I was hoping to approach Mr. Barnaby about selling me some of his deceased animals.
12) 3) dialog: No. Not study. (beat) I am of the strong belief that death can be made a temporary condition.
12) 5) dialog: Improbable, yes, impossible, don’t be stupid. Very little is actually impossible. Life is temporary, why should death be any different?
12) 7) dialog: ...Life, I’ve found, is an energy. The fools would call it a spirit or a soul, but it’s an energy, an identifiable, quantifiable, reproducible energy. I’d spent every hour of my life in pursuit of this energy, and then, last year, a break through. I ama genius, and I created something that will change the world.
12) 10) dialog: The eyes are over three months old, and the fluid is electrically conductive jelly. Serves a double function to preserve them, and- well, look, here.... Igor, initially repulsed, goes up and gets a better look Victor searches through piles of equipment.
12) 12) dialog: Well, I’m not the surgeon, it’s you with the gifted hands- there! Victor draws inches long, over it. At wrought iron out a gizmo from the pile. It’s about eight shaped like a wishbone, with wiring running all the end of each point of the wishbone are two bolts. Victor immediately begins affixing it to wires extending the electrical generator. For the first time, Victor seem nervous, unsure; a child showing a new friend their favor toy, hoping they'll be impressed.
12) 13) dialog: It’s all a matter of conversion, you see; the conversion of pure electrical energy into biological energy, of the same sort that flows through the bodies of the living. Thus my creation of this device, the Lazarus Fork. You see, by running the electrical current through a specially blended variety of metal and sulfates, I’ve- 35.
12) 15) dialog: Well- I- yes.
12) 17) dialog: I- uh, yes, I shall- Victor plunges the Lazarus fork into the jelly, and begin turning the crank on the generator; it kicks in, and the electricity begins to flow with a loud rattle and hum. Igor leans down to the eyes. Victor, excited, goes around and stands next to him.
12) 19) dialog: It has! It is! It- here, look! Victor draws out a match, and strikes it on the table. Th effect is immediate: the eyes turn and focus on the flame Victor moves it back and forth, and the eyes move to foll Victor looks to Igor, nervous.
12) 21) dialog: This is only the beginning.
13) 0) text: Victor leads Igor out into an open area.
13) 1) dialog: To what degree would you say you understand the function and construction of nerves in the human body?
13) 3) dialog: No tolerance for the humble here, Igor.
13) 7) dialog: I- uh- good. Good! Perfect. This will be your workspace. I shall bring you your assignments piecemeal, and you will complete them in a timely manner. I will then apply your projects to a larger whole of my own design. I’ve also decided to allow you to do my homework assignments for me, thus enhancing your already formidable knowledge. Do you have any questions?
13) 9) dialog: That is not your concern-
13) 11) dialog: As I said. This was not charity. Your time here will be earned; what you “deserve” is immaterial, agreed?
14) 0) text: Igor is sitting and drawing; a sketch of Lorelei, floatin through the air between two trapeze. The electric lights the room flicker for a moment, and Igor looks up. There’s a noise at the door, and we see an envelope pushe through the slot. Igor looks around, then hesitantly goes and picks it up. It’s marked: I.STRAUSSMAN - URGENT. Igor moves to set the I.STRAUSSMAN letter on a pile by th door of other mail for Victor’s absent roommate, but then falters. He hesitates, and listens for Victor; nothing. Igor opens the envelope, and scans through the letter ins PAYMENT 2 MONTHS OVERDUE. FINAL NOTICE. The door to the basement bursts open, startling Igor.
14) 2) dialog: We’re going out on the town.
15) 0) text: Victor and Igor head up the street, talking.
15) 1) dialog: I have a tenured membership in the club through my father. He was a charter member, helped to buy the velvet for the seats.
15) 3) dialog: Esteemed doctor, member of the royal corps of physicians, he’s a innovator, he’s brilliant.
15) 5) dialog: Oh I don’t- I- I don’t know, he’s a very busy man, and he- his schedule, you know.
15) 7) dialog: The biggest personal collection of medical texts in Britain, yes, you could say he has a library-
15) 9) dialog: Thompson’s Anatomy? Well, it’s rare but, I mean, of course-
15) 11) dialog: What’s this fixation on Thompson's?
15) 13) dialog: Well, I- you know, he doesn’t let me- give me access, I’m just a young man- he’d be so angry if he found out I’d been touching his books- oh, look, here we are! They've come up on THE EXETER, an extremely fancy (and hi and fun, and crowded) looking club.
15) 15) dialog: Pishposh. All you need to do is keep your back straight, your words clean, and try your damndest not to embarrass me.
15) 17) dialog: 
15) 20) dialog: I’m just saying the act- of FERTILIZATION- can take place out side of the woman’s body. The sperm, the sperm can move- (hiccup) The sperms can move into the egg, say, in a saucer, some sort of heated basin-
15) 22) dialog: Well, you’d- after you impregnate the egg, you get a funnel- and then you...you know- into the woman-
15) 24) dialog: IT’S THE FUTURE! Igor, tell them, assist me in this, this valuable endeavor. Igor doesn’t respond; he’s staring across the club to the bar... ..-Where Lorelei stands. She looks stunning. Gone is all the muck and grime of the circus, though she still wears sling over her injured arm.
16) 17) dialog: Have you ever seen a human brain? It's...GRAY!
16) 19) dialog: (audible over the crowd) I’ve seen a rat nest in a brain! 42. Igor looks to Lorelei, trying to hold back a laugh. She doesn’t do as well holding back. The ruckus downstairs continues; Victor’s pissed off some jerk.
16) 27) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Victor is puking into a pile of garbage, while Igor stand next to him, patting his back.
17) 1) dialog: People are such animals, you know...I don’t understand them, I admit this, to some degree. I don’t know the things to say to make them like me, or- not like me, I don’t care if they like me-
17) 3) dialog: What?
17) 5) dialog: I...like you, as well. Yes. (beat, straightens up) Igor, tonight was not meaningless frivolity. It is a celebration.
18) 0) text: The electric lights flicker and hum to life, illuminating most sinister, fascinating place you’ve ever seen. The wa are covered in makeshift electrical equipment, some of it very clearly decades, maybe even centuries ahead of its t Mixed in with this are all manner of medical instruments tools, as well as charts of human and animal anatomy. Perhaps most creepy of all is the fact that large portion the room are covered in red-brown stains. Blood. Victor comes rushing down the stairs, nearly falling.
18) 1) dialog: Come on, come on! Igor hesitates at the top of the stairs, then slowly come down. Victor, meanwhile, primes a bunch of electrical generators...all hooked into something on a table, under sheet, in the center of the room.
18) 3) dialog: Under this bedsheet is the product of ten years study, laborious hours spent over books and tinkering with electrical machines- Igor approaches the table and Victor rips off the sheet..
18) 4) dialog: I present to you: Gordon! The...thing...called Gordon most closely resembles a chimpanzee, but a glance shows it to be something else entirely. This is a patchwork monster, cobbled and stitched togethe from mostly chimp flesh, but with parts that are definite cheetah, as well as other unidentifiable bits and pieces. lot of it appears sloppy; electrical wiring and tubes are visible all over the body, and the whole thing looks read fall apart. As Igor tries to process, Victor goes back to the machine
18) 7) dialog: No. We made this. Igor’s eyes go over the creature, pinpointing all of his work; it’s all gone to this monstrosity. Victor primes machines, and they begin to hum and whir loudly.
18) 8) dialog: The lungs, the spine, the heart, the brain, all your work. All impossible without you, as a matter of fact. Are you ready? Igor is clearly horrified; what has he been party to?
18) 10) dialog: Stand back. Victor throws a massive switch, and there’s a sharp buzz electricity! We see arcs and loops of blue energy zap acr suspended cables, slamming into connectors on the bolts i Gordon's neck. Igor leaps back, startled. Steam rises off Gordon's body. The machines wind down. Victor approaches slowly.
18) 12) dialog: Look. Listen. Igor looks and listens...and is amazed. Gordon is alive. Only marginally, but yes...the chest rises and falls. The eyes, horrible and monstrous, are open, and blinking. Igor’s shock and excitement is palpable. He runs his hand over its flesh and puts his ear to its chest, listening t the slow beating of the heart. He looks down at the animal; there’s an odd peace about i an innocence.
18) 14) dialog: It’s alive.
18) 16) dialog: It can’t quite move; the charge only lasts about an hour, and the body is mostly rudimentary mock up-
18) 18) dialog: Tomorrow you shall accompany me to the college. I’ve announced that I will be making a presentation of my private studies-
18) 20) dialog: Assis- Igor, don’t be an idiot. You're my partner. Igor is completely overwhelmed.
19) 0) text: The main building of the college is on a big, beautiful campus. Victor and Igor are unloading the big gurney off top of a coach, the bedsheet tied down tightly. Victor hands Igor down the heavy dynamo equipment, and Ig looks up at the college. It’s everything he’d ever dreame
19) 2) dialog: (loudly) Presentation! Big presentation in hall H! The school is mostly empty. The students who are there se at best disinterested, at worst disgusted. Igor notices, stays quiet.
20) 0) text: Victor and Igor stand at the front of the big lecture hal The Gordon-Gurney and the dynamo are all set up. Victor i addressing the audience. 46. Igor is clearly uncomfortable, and concerned about his friend. Victor’s voice has a new element to it: a nervous tremor that we haven’t heard before.
20) 1) dialog: Since the beginning of modern medicine, there has been an assumption regarding the nature of mortality, that being- that being that death is an unavoidable event whose inevitability should be taken for granted. I aim to show that life is not some heavenly grace given to us by an all-powerful god- but no- no instead that it is something natural-
20) 3) dialog: Ah- uh, yes- indeed, I will- Igor, start up the dynamo.
20) 5) dialog: I present to you! I present to all of you here, the brave few who came-
20) 7) dialog: I present to you, life by my own creation! Victor yanks the bedsheet down. The reveal of Gordon (dea and lifeless) has a definite effect on the crowd: negativ murmurs of disgust, and two students get up and leave. 47.
20) 8) dialog: (hurriedly) I built this homunculus out of parts primarily taken by from the London Zoo, which has had much difficulty in care of their exotic animals. He is primarily- primarily chimpanzee, but with help from my partner Igor, we have interlaced multiple individuals, multiple species- Igor is it ready, good- If you’ll all come closer, please. The remaining four students come down, grudgingly, mumbli Finnegan stays right where he is.
20) 9) dialog: And now, through the miracle of electricity: life! Igor fires the dynamo. The effect is immediate, and unexpected. Dozens of flies explode out from all over Gordon! The fou students swear and shout their disgust, heading out.
20) 10) dialog: No no- wait, don’t- Igor, shock him again, harder. Igor shocks Gordon again. Everyone’s left except Finnegan who begins applauding.
20) 12) dialog: Again, harder! Igor shocks Gordon again, nothing, and Victor shoves him of the way, amps the dynamo all the way, SHOCKS HIM AGAIN Nothing.
20) 15) dialog: Ha! You see it’s- Gordon’s right arm RIPS FREE OF THE RESTRAINTS, SMASHING
20) 21) dialog: Did you see? Incredible! Victor can’t stand, he’s too woozy from the hit.
20) 23) dialog: Better than I possibly could have hoped for-
20) 25) dialog: Yes, marvellous-
20) 27) dialog: No. You mustn’t let any harm come to it. It’s my creation, it’s more important than any the lives of any of the idiots at this school. There’s a moment of very intense eye contact, and then Ig yanks his arm away, and Victor falls.
20) 28) dialog: Damn it Igor! Igor rushes out onto the roof.
20) 42) dialog: Of course. (beat) I couldn't let it hurt you, could
20) 45) dialog: What? Why?
22) 0) text: Victor and Igor are arguing; it’s the first time this has ever happened.
22) 2) dialog: There was no way I could’ve known-
22) 4) dialog: I did do something, I saved your life! What was I meant to do, spring up like a jack-in-the-box after it pummeled me into a wall, say how-ya-do and take it down with a crisp uppercut? What did you want—
22) 6) dialog: Stop going on about “people” being “in danger” and you being “thrown off a building,” Igor, we made real progress today! Finnegan emerges from the attic door. Igor starts a rebuttal, but Victor raises a hand, and Igor’s subservien instincts guide him to silence. They look to Finnegan.
22) 8) dialog: That’s correct. 55.
22) 16) dialog: We'll do it. We can do it.
22) 19) dialog: There is no hesitation. Finnegan gives Igor a short glance, chuckling.
22) 23) dialog: He’s certain.
22) 25) dialog: No.
22) 27) dialog: You did not create this technology, yet you presume to tell me how to use it? Know your place. I will not let your own ignorance of the world at large stand in the way of the progress of my experiments.
22) 29) dialog: Have you already forgotten what I did for you at the circus? Igor falls silent.
22) 30) dialog: This is my destiny, this is your destiny, Finnegan is our only ally and we will build him a whole damn zoo of homunculi if it means furthering our research, am I understood?
23) 0) text: Igor slowly comes down the stairs. Victor, wearing a lab- coat, is working in near total darkness, lit by sparks. 57. He’s standing over the operating table, which has a new s over it; something under the sheet writhes and twists bizarrely.
23) 1) dialog: So glad you could be here. I want to show you my newest creation. Igor moves forward; there’s strange, muted growling from beneath the sheet. Igor looks to Victor, who grabs the sh and yanks it off, revealing... The Hunchback, dirty in his tattered clown uniform, writh in his restraints on the table! The Hunchback turns to Igor and let’s out Gordon’s hideou mechanical scream!
24) 2) dialog: It’s not- I owe him everything, I can’t just- 58.
26) 0) text: Victor sits at his desk; he’s engrossed in drawing someth a blueprint. He’s fully absorbed in it, and doesn’t look when Igor enters.
26) 1) dialog: Where have you been? Do you really think it’s wise that you go gallivanting about on the town when there’s a manhunt-
26) 3) dialog: I’m busy- father!? Victor jumps up in such boyish haste he nearly knocks ove his work table.
26) 5) dialog: You- you came for Christmas-
26) 7) dialog: I- yes, of course, please.
26) 9) dialog: Father, I’m so excited to tell you, I’ve had great breakthroughs with my experiments— Frankenstein talks into the fire, never once addressing Victor; throughout their discussion Victor leans further further forward in his chair, trying to force himself int his father’s eye-line.
26) 11) dialog: My theories- listen father, my theories, they were all correct- 62.
26) 13) dialog: Haha, yes, but that’s what I’m-
26) 15) dialog: 
26) 18) dialog: Yes-
26) 20) dialog: But- you see that’s what I wanted to tell you, I’ve done it- I mean I can show you, I’ve finally... Claus stares at Victor. Victor freezes in the gaze of the one person he clearly most wants to impress...
26) 22) dialog: I- expel me, they can’t-
26) 24) dialog: ...Father...if you just listen to me, I...I...
26) 26) dialog: 
26) 29) dialog: I...I’m so sorry father.
27) 0) text: The sun is setting. Victor is staring at it through his window. He’s a million miles away, lost in the labyrinth his own brain, mumbling to himself.
27) 2) dialog: Finnegan's project. An artificial man, a modern Prometheus-...it’s stupid. The research is pointless. Igor looks at Victor; he’s pathetic, sitting there like a child. His father’s words split him down the middle. Igor seems to steel himself... ..-but then stops, his own kindheartedness winning out.
27) 4) dialog: ..-what-
27) 6) dialog: No, I- what do you mean? Igor turns the blueprint around; it’s a human body, or rather, instructions for building one.
27) 8) dialog: Embolisms, in the lungs, of course! With that much raw energy coursing through the body the organs overtaxed themselves, would’ve been dead in ten minutes shovel or no!
27) 10) dialog: Yes. But what could possibly generate-
27) 12) dialog: I have just the thing- one of my earliest designs for the Lazarus sucked energy out of the air, surely a larger version could, create a static burst similar to lightning, or, in theory- 65. He finds the blueprint he was looking for; a menacing spi mad science rig labelled “The Cloud Hook.”
27) 13) dialog: How would it handle the energy- I mean we can’t simply make bigger organs-—
27) 15) dialog: Ha! Aha! Yes, brilliant! Not just lungs, either, two hearts, as well, keep the blood flowing through that bigger body!
27) 17) dialog: Yes! Do that!
27) 21) dialog: Yes, to house all the electrical stabilizing equipment- maybe we could just make our own skull-
27) 24) dialog: And we can give him a great...great flat head-
27) 26) dialog: Yes so that I shall beat you at chess whilst riding on the shoulders of my glorious behemoth- LATER... Drunkest. Igor holding himself up on the board, Victor perched awkwardly in the chair, both of them unable to ta or breathe through laughter.
27) 29) dialog: 
28) 2) dialog: Oh, you’re awake. I didn’t want to disturb you. Finnegan’s called us in for our second test.
28) 4) dialog: Yes, apparently it’s quite urgent.
28) 6) dialog: Igor, there’s no time. Victor turns and starts to head out the door.
28) 13) dialog: That seems a bit of a reach.
28) 16) dialog: Where did you get this?
28) 18) dialog: The parents?
28) 24) dialog: Absolutely. INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - PRE-OP Victor and Igor are washing up.
28) 26) dialog: Of course it will work. The bio- electric energy from the fork should heal any of the cells lost from the subject’s period of death--
28) 28) dialog: I do. (beat) I’ve resurrected rats before, and they came out...you know, mostly alright, and that was before I had your gifted hands. You can save a life or let it disappear.
28) 32) dialog: Igor, help, quickly- Igor and Victor tear away all the equipment, putting out fires... ...to reveal the Baby Winthrop, uninjured and very much alive. Finnegan looks to Dettweiler, enormously pleased w himself; the scientists quietly lose their shit.
28) 35) dialog: I will.
28) 38) dialog: It’s just an experiment, Igor. We must make sacrifices-
28) 40) dialog: 
28) 45) dialog: Get out of here. Now. Igor looks at the baby one last time, but his natural meekness overpowers him, and he storms out. INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS Igor pushes through the scientists, making a beeline for door. EXT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - CONTINUOUS Igor storms out into the empty, snowy street, crying, rag he stomps back and forth. NO! HE WON’T STAND FOR THIS! INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS Igor CHARGES back in, Finnegan stepping in front of him- shoves him aside, going towards the surggery door, which bursts open. Victor holds the dingy little bundle.
28) 46) dialog: Make yourself useful and dispose of this. Victor slams the bundle to Igor’s chest. Igor stares at h in horror. Victor is emotionless, cold... The world seems to fall away for Igor. Everything goes silent. BEGIN SONG: “FIX
34) 0) text: Igor is bringing out tea, his hands shaking. Turpin is settling down opposite Victor by the fire, Constable Alis over by the window. Victor now sits in the chair his father sat in, with Turp in the smaller seat.
34) 2) dialog: Indeed. We went caroling. We’re both very tired-
34) 4) dialog: My father’s. He took me for lunch. Turpin smiles. 74.
34) 6) dialog: Not just yet, Inspector. What's all this about?
34) 8) dialog: What’s his shoe got to do with it?
34) 10) dialog: Oh! That’s right! I do recall reading about it: the hunchback what threw the dwarf off the bridge. (beat) Wasn’t there talk of...witchcraft?
34) 13) dialog: Oh, but unofficially? You believe in...witches, Inspector? Goblins?
34) 15) dialog: Ah, yes, but police officers actually exist, you see.
34) 17) dialog: To see his shoes I’m afraid I’m going to have to see a proper search warrant.
34) 19) dialog: You've twice mentioned punishment without specifying who would be meting it out.
34) 21) dialog: Oh yes, “God,” hm, well, I’m sure if god existed I would be in far deeper trouble than I am now-
34) 23) dialog: No, indeed, go ahead, it’s a cause without a champion. Tell me more about this “god” fellow who apparently has some vendetta against me-
34) 25) dialog: What was the insult there, “child” or “scientist-"
34) 27) dialog: My god. You’re mad. 76. Turpin stops dead at this, trailing off and seeming to ta Victor’s accusation under very serious consideration.
34) 29) dialog: Easy constable. Don’t agitate the loony- Turpin flips the tea-tray, startling Igor, but Victor doe flinch. He stands there breathing hard for a moment.
34) 31) dialog: I look forward to that. Will you be bringing the apostles along as muscle?
34) 33) dialog: Well. That was exciting. The two of us both quite mad, shouting at each other. Stuff of legend.
35) 11) dialog: The man was an unstable sideshow, of no threat to us-
35) 13) dialog: Enough. Victor pulls on his coat.
35) 14) dialog: We're already late for my hearing. Apparently they can’t expel me quickly enough. Victor seems to choke on this last sentiment.
35) 15) dialog: Listen, would you...come with me.
35) 17) dialog: Yes. I intend to give them a piece of my mind and I'd rather- I'd rather not do it alone.
36) 0) text: It’s beautiful but very sparse, Victor standing alone ina sea of negative space, with the board of directors across room from him behind a desk. His father sits nearby, star out a window. Igor stands off to the side, in a corner. DR. CLIVE, the head of the board, old and dignified, is reading from a list.
36) 2) dialog: D-...D- Doctor Clive, Doctor Cushing, Doctor Brannaugh, I j-
36) 4) dialog: F- Father-
36) 8) dialog: Igor, don’t-
36) 10) text: Victor looks to be in a state of shock. Igor’s flustered, breathing hard. The medical board exchange glances.
37) 0) text: Victor and Igor sit in the coach as it rattles up the str Victor has his head pressed against the window, staring o Igor is clearly nervous he’s screwed up. Victor speaks without looking up, clearly lost in his own thoughts.
37) 1) dialog: He wasn’t always like that you know. (beat) I had a brother. Henry. He was older than me by three years, but he never, he never bullied me the way the boys at schools were bullied by their brothers, he was...kind. He was intelligent, more than kind he was intelligent, my parents had such great hopes for him. One night, I went out in the snow, to watch a storm, I- I didn’t understand the danger, but Henry did. He came out looking for me, and Kent does get cold, it does get so cold at night. (shivers, upset) (MORE)
37) 3) dialog: I found my way home, but they found Henry the next morning....not Dead yet, but, dying. My father rushed to town to get medicine, but by the time he got back it was too late. Henry had...died. Only moments before my father returned. He was fourteen. (beat) It changed my father. Broke him. He lost hope in everything, became...you’ve seen him. You've seen what he became. And I suppose it changed me, too. I could no longer, like so many do, live in fear of death, in fear of life, these mystical things. No. I had to see them made tangible. Henry deserved a second chance. My father deserved a second chance, everyone deserves a second chance. And now I’ve built something that can finally... Victor trails off, staring out the window.
37) 4) dialog: What you did back in the college. No one has ever. No one has ever. I have only ever had one friend. I am happy that it is you. Igor nods. Then, after a hesitant beat...
37) 6) dialog: It’s all so dire now. All so dire.
38) 0) text: Igor is nervously sketching out a design for a lightweigh collapsible wheelchair. He hears a sound from upstairs an waits, looking; it’s clear Victor has gone into his room not come out for some time. There’s a knock at the door. 81.
40) 0) text: Igor has himself frantically pressed against the door, turning to see Victor who’s rushing from machine to machi priming them to overload.
40) 2) dialog: 
40) 5) dialog: The bolt- get the bolt- Igor frantically bolts the door. There’s a crash upstairs the bobbies have breached the flat.
40) 6) dialog: I've already sent one of Finnegan's men for a carriage-
40) 8) dialog: And let them have my bloody machines, not likely! We can hear bobbies in the flat upstairs. 85.
40) 9) dialog: Get a Lazarus fork. As Igor frantically searches for a fork, Victor turns, pulling up a panel from the floor, revealing a manhole co He begins using a wrench to unscrew the bolts on the cove Upstairs, the bobbies start pounding on the door, hitting with the battering ram. Igor finds a Lazarus Fork.
40) 12) dialog: Not enough time- We need a distraction! Turpin has begun booting the alley door; it’s shaking on hinges badly, now. Victor tosses the wrench to Igor, and takes the Lazarus fork from him.
40) 14) dialog: Get it open! Igor starts working on the manhole cover, while Victor tu and rips open another hidden compartment, some form of refrigerator; there’s a huge burst of cold air... -.-and a corpse falls out of it, into Victor’s arms. Igor stops dead.
40) 15) dialog: 
40) 18) dialog: Igor Hunchback, meet Igor Straussman.
40) 20) dialog: I found him dead months ago, overdose. 86. Igor stands staring at Victor, pale and shocked. Victor quickly begins locking in the Lazarus Fork. The door upstairs starts to give.
40) 21) dialog: What’re you waiting for!? FINISH
40) 26) dialog: The brain is undoubtedly too deteriorated- but he still ought to- The door upstairs gives, and Alistair leads the bobbies i charge down the stairs, as Victor FIRES THE DYNAMOS. The overloaded machines spark and LIGHT ON FIRE, filling the basement with fiery chaos- The charge, way too much, BLASTS into Straussman’s corpse resurrecting it and lighting it ablaze. The screaming, flailing, flaming zombie lurches off the table, and Victo casually SHOVES INTO THE ONRUSHING POLICE. Brawling, burning chaos ensues. The door behind Victor is kicked in by Turpin, knocking h down. Turpin bursts in, gun drawn. He takes a shot at Victor, who dives for cover, and then Turpin turns, smack Igor.
41) 0) text: Igor and Victor fall down into the muck, and Victor yanks Igor to his feet, both of them running, splashing through grime. There’s a splash from behind them, and Igor looks back in the darkness; he can’t see anything. Victor leads Igor through the darkness, finally bursting through a drainage ditch onto
41) 2) dialog: Come on, come on! Igor falters, pulling away from Victor, but then sees som coming up from the drainage ditch. At this, he jumps onto the alongside Victor, and it speeds off up the street. As the carriage rounds the corner, Turpin, bloodied, burn and shaking, one of his eyes milked over and blinded, pul himself up out of the ditch; he gets a momentary look at carriage, before he falls backwards, into the ditch.
42) 0) text: Finnegan is at the far end of the luxurious home office, playing darts. He’s focused, intense- Victor bursts in, followed by Igor, who’s clearly still d in thought.
42) 2) dialog: Sewage.
42) 4) dialog: The police have raided my home in search of Igor. We managed to evade capture, but in the process we gravely injured several police officers. 88.
42) 6) dialog: Yes, very good. Finnegan snaps.
42) 8) dialog: Yes yes, good, we’ll leave immediately.
42) 10) dialog: This is your fault, I hope you know that. Parading about town with the acrobat. Still, all is forgiven; perhaps this change of scenery will-
42) 12) dialog: What? For the first time in our story, Igor is visibly ANGRY.
42) 14) dialog: Igor-
42) 18) dialog: You have a chance here to be part of-
42) 20) dialog: Oh, don’t focus on the dark side-
42) 22) dialog: After all I did for you-
42) 24) dialog: I told you I didn’t kill Straussman-
42) 26) dialog: Straussman was a waste of space, this fanfare from you is more of a funeral than his own family would've given him-
42) 28) dialog: I hadn't invented the fork yet, I couldn’t- Why are you saying these things, can’t you see- Finnegan reenters. 90.
42) 33) dialog: Oh? And going where, exactly? Back to the Blue Meringue to resume your illustrious-—
42) 35) dialog: None of my- Oh, just brilliant! What? To Lorelei? Where will you go? Igor is silent, staring at Victor; Victor can feel himsel being judged, slowly realizing that Igor is completely ou his control. His expression changes.
42) 36) dialog: You fool. I created you. Clown! Circus freak! You think because I put you in a back-brace and cut your hair you can turn your back on me, go ahead, see how far you get in the real world with your “acrobat” and your new life! You stand in the way of the future, you're an embarrassment to everything I’d hoped to accomplish! Fine! Fine! I’m rid of you, rid of you, rid of you! Victor stands there, breathing hard, waiting for Igor to respond. He doesn’t. Victor fidgets, seeming about to spe again, then turns and storms out. Igor looks after him in shocked disappointment. MOMENTS LATER... 91. Igor stands on the balcony, watching Victor below as he g into a coach, stolid, emotionless. Finnegan appears next him, and looks down at the departing coach, then at Igor. He smiles.
47) 0) text: Igor sneaks along the upper wall, finally coming to a bre in the wall where he can see down into the courtyard, whe Victor's laboratory is set up. It is INCREDIBLE. Giant-size versions of all his laboratory machinery have set up, abuzz with power, and a huge scaffolding system h been set up around a raised platform next to one of the towers; the scaffolding goes up fifty feet into the air, atop it sits Victor’s hypothetical lightning magnet, the CLOUD HOOK. On the platform stands Victor and Dettweiler; Victor wear completely awesome looking buttoned up labcoat, with huge gnarly looking goggles on his forehead. Dettweiler wears black version of much the same. Between them is a massive gurney, but Igor can’t get a go look at what’s on it... To Igor, who saw all this when it was just a pipe-dream, breathtaking. There are several other scientists/technici in lab-wear working the machines, supervised by Finnegan, looks excited. 100. He stealthily moves to the lower level, and quietly sneak through the lab, moving towards Victor and Dettweiler on platform. And as the gurney tilts up, there it is: The PROMETHEUS is just over ten feet tall, stitched toget for over two dozen different donors. Its body is gargantu and misshapen; its head is oddly shaped, the face wide an bizarre, a mess of features stretched and jigsawed togeth to create a simulation of humanity. Igor watches as Victor goes under one of the big machines into the inner-workings.
47) 4) dialog: How-
47) 7) dialog: You came all this way-
47) 9) dialog: What?
47) 11) dialog: But that’s absurd, he has no jurisdiction-
47) 13) dialog: -.-You’re lying, you’re just trying to drag me down again, did my father send you- 101.
47) 16) dialog: «+ -no-
47) 18) dialog: Absurd- I won’t- I don’t believe it-
47) 32) dialog: Is it a soldier? Finnegan falters, looking to Dettweiler, who's as expressionless as ever.
47) 39) dialog: Is it a soldier? Answer me.
47) 42) dialog: My...my central pursuit has been the preservation of life, and you’ve- you've deceived me into building a killing machine. The platform grinds to a halt, now suspended fifty feet u atop the gantry way, the Cloud Hook crackling with energy next to them. Down below, the machinery’s grinding causes Igor to slip, nearly plummeting off the scaffolding.
47) 45) dialog: You tried to kill Igor.
47) 47) dialog: I've perverted everything I hoped to achieve. I’ma fool.
47) 49) dialog: I beg to differ. Victor begins violently yanking electrodes and wires out the Prometheus, ignoring Finnegan.
47) 53) dialog: Funny. I do. Dettweiler is GRABBED FROM BEHIND BY IGOR, PULLING HIMSEL OVER THE RAILING. Dettweiler’s shot goes wild, hitting th Cloud Hook. It sparks, insanely bright for a moment, and Dettweiler shoves Igor backwards, nearly off the edge, raising his g 105. The Cloud-Hook EXPLODES TO LIFE, DOZENS OF LIGHTNING BOLT
47) 58) dialog: Unexpected-
49) 14) dialog: Finnegan! Finnegan looks up slowly, turning to see VICTOR FRANKENST hunched in pain, his hair wild, covered in ash and more t a little burnt, but still very much alive. He holds two e of a huge severed electrical cord.
49) 16) dialog: You wanted me to create death. Finnegan laughs, and then realizes the cord Victor holds down into the base of the massive collapsed tesla coil directly to his left. Finnegan tries to raise his gun- but Victor joins the sev cord- A BLAST OF ELECTRICITY BLOWS FINNEGAN ACROSS THE ROOM.
49) 17) dialog: There. I’ve created death. Victor tosses down the cord in disgust. Igor struggles a moment, falling. He lays there next to Turpin’s corpse, listening to the sounds of battle fade outside, collectin himself, and then pushes as hard as he can- -and breaks free of the back-brace. He stares at it layin twisted on the floor and shoves himself to his feet, wipi the blood off his face: he is MESSED UP. He looks around, and sees Victor futilely trying to put o the fires on the equipment.
49) 19) dialog: Help me put out these damn fires-
49) 21) dialog: With Finnegan dead we'll never get this quality of equipment again! Electron coils, particle transducers—
49) 23) dialog: Help me, damn it, it’ll-
49) 25) dialog: Kill it!? Why on earth- It comes out of Igor with the force of a hurricane:
49) 29) dialog: I don’t suppose you have...a very, very large shovel? Igor smiles. 111.
50) 0) text: Victor and Igor, bruised, battered and bloody, approach t massive Dutch Windmill on the side of the hill; the villa are gathered around it. At first it appears they have the Prometheus trapped in t house portion, but then the Prometheus tromps out and tak few people down, before going back in.
50) 3) dialog: Please remain calm. We are unlicensed medical professionals.
51) 0) text: Victor kicks in the door; Igor comes in through a massive hole in the wall next to the door. They exchange a look. The farmhouse is sparse, and the inside is completely destroyed, broken furniture everywhere.
52) 0) text: The interior of the windmill stretches out above them, th inside lit by torches. There are a series of flimsy woode platforms built around the central windmill machinery, connected by diagonal ladders, leading up to the top. The monster stands at the bottom, above a big well full o water, dunking the terrified little girl. 112. Victor hurriedly picks up one of the long, sharp steel po they use as bolts on the well, as Igor strafes around the monster.
52) 1) dialog: 
52) 3) dialog: I’m your creator. I’m the one that brought you back to life, do you understand? The monster stares at him, that blank face again...THEN R and flings one of the torches on the wall. Victor dodges, and the torch hits a table full of unlit lanterns WHICH EXPLODE INTO FLAME.
52) 4) dialog: Bloody hell- The Prometheus charges, still holding the girl, and Victo forced into a frantic, pulse pounding chase up the interi of the windmill, complicated in four ways: NUMBER 1: The monster’s weight is too much for the ladder and the platforms, which crumple mere moments after it cl onto them. NUMBER 2: The monster, still clutching the little girl, i swinging WILDLY at Victor, repeatedly smashing the windmi machinery, thusly destabilizing the entire structure. NUMBER 3: The fire started at the base is rapidly spreadi up the old, papery structure, engulfing everything, and starting to fill the interior with thick black smoke. NUMBER 4: Igor is in hot pursuit, but he’s being forced t run, jump and climb up the platforms AS THEY COLLAPSE. Victor, reaching the uppermost platform, abruptly turns, ducking around the central windmill milling-engine. This outsmarts and surprises the Prometheus, and Victor DRIVES STEEL ROD THROUGH ITS HEART. The Prometheus falters, teetering over what’s now a strai drop nearly sixty feet down. It looks down at the rod sticking out of its chest, and DROPS THE LITTLE GIRL- Victor dives and catches her hand, swinging her to Igor o the collapsing platform below them. Igor catches the girl and rolls, putting her out through the one window, onto t passing fan of the windmill.
52) 12) dialog: I didn’t mean it-
52) 14) dialog: (frantic) Those things I said back in England, you have to know I didn’t mean any of it. I was just upset, I respect you- more than any other person, you must know- Igor I’m so sorry- Igor goes and tries to wrench the pole out of the wall. I no good; it’s in there deep. Victor screams in pain.
52) 15) dialog: You have to get out of here, you have to go-
52) 17) dialog: Igor this is what I’ve earned. I did this to myself. Igor stares at him: maybe he’s right? The windmill contin to collapse.
52) 18) dialog: The well, Igor. If you jump you can make it, I know you can- Igor looks down at the well, far below them. Maybe he cou He readies himself, measuring the distance.
52) 19) dialog: (gasping his words through agony ) Listen, Igor, listen to me. I didn’t kill Straussman. I found him in the living room, I thought he was asleep but then I saw the needle...and then the pragmatist in me just took over, as he always does, and he wasn’t a man anymore just pieces, just new equipment. I swear to you though I didn’t ki-
52) 21) dialog: Good, now I can- I can stay here- Igor, you must go, it’s-
52) 23) dialog: What? Why!?
55) 0) text: Victor, heavily bandaged and clearly a bit weary from his wounds and considerably rough night, is readying two hors packing his remaining equipment into the saddlebags. Igor stands nearby.
55) 1) dialog: Well, brilliant, good for him, but we're certainly not going back to England.
55) 3) dialog: No, I’m through with Great Britain; nothing left for me there. I think perhaps you're quite right about my father, for now, and I’ve been expelled from school, hunted by the law, and betrayed by a power-hungry nobleman, thoroughly electrocuted and finally impaled by a monster of my own idiotic creation and nearly burnt to death in a Belgian windmill. (laughs) I think it’s time I started fresh, yes?
55) 5) dialog: America! Now there’s a place that isn’t afraid of progress; I'm confident we’ll be able to flourish and thrive out in the colonies. You and I, back to working together with no interlopers, I now having a much better understanding of the technology as well as the proper way to treat my fellow man-
55) 7) dialog: Yes? Igor fidgets, nervous, unsure how to say what’s in his he Victor waits, looking oblivious.
55) 9) dialog: Well...then. I suppose that’s perfectly reasonable.
55) 11) dialog: (haltingly) You have made incredible sacrifices in the purpose of our cause, shown shocking amounts of tenacity, bravery and loyalty to me as a friend and collaborator, it would be wrong of me to ask you to give up the opportunity to be with the woman you love and-
55) 15) dialog: Goodbye to you too, my dearest friend. Igor looks sad, watching Victor get further away, and the Victor turns, touching his painful injured soldier, yelli back to Igor.
55) 16) dialog: You know it isn’t over, Igor. When the time comes, you’1ll come back; you’re not fated to be some country doctor, you are a genius, and you will help to change the world. It’s your destiny. Igor is about to reply, but then realizes he can’t formul a response. Victor smiles.
55) 17) dialog: Ha! Yah! Victor kicks his horse, and it speeds up, off down the hi Igor watches him go.