3) 0) text: NICKI, 17, pretty brunette with long hair, sunglasses and gloss talks to a reporter: NICKI (Emotional)
4) 0) text: Nicki and Sam, also pretty, slutty and 17, are waking up messy teenage bedroom. Clothes are all over the floor, a knot of duvet covers pa of a girl, with legs sticking out, we can see a lotus blo tattoo.
4) 5) text: Oh my lord, you were so out of control last night. NICKI
5) 0) text: Laurie, Nicki's mom, pretty ex-playboy model in her 40's Juicy sweatpants and a tank top, gets breakfast ready. She opens a cabinet as she calls up to them. A little Yor nips at her heels. LAURIE
5) 4) text: Girls! Nicki and Sam wander down to breakfast, disheveled.
5) 10) text: You know it's a school night. NICKI
25) 6) text: Beccaaaaaa! Yo, slut we're going to Les Deux, wanna go? Nicki and Sam are there. Rebecca looks at Marc. REBECCA
27) 0) text: Marc and Rebecca are at a table with Nicki and Sam who ar dressed in skimpy outfits and lots of lip gloss. Nicki, re-applies lip gloss, as Sam sends a text. The music is loud and they shout to speak to each other. (Note: There is constant texting and photo taking through out.) Marc is feeling in his element, this is where he should b
27) 4) text: Yo, sluts. Nicki leans over to meet Marc. SAM
27) 6) text: `sup...this is my homie, Marc. NICKI
27) 7) text: Hi, I'm Nicki and this is Sam. SAM
27) 11) text: They've known each other since they were like three, they took Sam in, I don't know what happened to her mom. NICKI
27) 13) text: Yeah, I'm sure you're really going to hesitate on that one. Sam chuckles. NICKI
27) 16) text: You did text him like fifty times. NICKI
27) 26) text: Nicki, there are some photographers out here for fashion week you might want to meet. NICKI
27) 34) text: Oh my god, that's Paris Hilton. NICKI
35) 5) text: Yeah, it was sweet, we hung out in her night club room...I got this. She shows them a sparkly diamond tennis bracelet. NICKI
36) 0) text: Nicki, Sam and Rebecca try on outfits for Marc, he helps style them, while he's looking online, telling them celeb tidbits. Nicki and Sam love taking their tops off... MARC
36) 8) text: I don't know if I'd go that far. Sam puts on a skimpy leopard dress and zebra pumps. Nicki looks at her. NICKI
36) 12) text: Ok, fine....at least I don't look like I'm thirty-five. Sam blows smoke from a joint out the window. Nicki is entranced with herself as she puts lip gloss on the mirror. Someone hands her a joint. NICKI
36) 13) text: Let's go to Paris', c'mon, She takes a drag-pause and then exhales. NICKI (CONT'D)
37) 0) text: Nicki, Sam, Chloe and Marc follow Rebecca as they sneak u and go in the house. Rebecca opens the door with the key, the bejeweled charm dangling from the key ring. Sam and Nicki look at each other impressed, and they foll her in.
38) 0) text: They follow Rebecca into Paris' dressing area. NICKI
38) 1) text: No way! Rebecca opens a closet door and there's a room full of sh NICKI (CONT'D)
38) 3) text: That's so chill. NICKI
38) 5) text: Her feet are big. Nicki and Sam start trying shoes on and grabbing bags. Th take photos of themselves with outfits on in her closet. Sam finds a note and reads it out loud.
38) 12) text: We could sell these. NICKI
38) 16) text: Some bad tanner... Back in closet area: Nicki tries on a pink mini dress, and shows it to them. NICKI
38) 17) text: What do you think? It's Herve Leger. Sam and Chloe scream. NICKI (CONT'D)
38) 22) text: There's actually an old dog turd in here. NICKI
38) 23) text: Ew, put that back. Nicki grabs a big bag and throws some stuff in it, and wa around with it swinging from her wrist like it's hers and she's out shopping. Rebecca is filling a bag, too... and looking through her drawers.
40) 0) text: The kids make themselves at home. Sam and Nicki goof off on the stripper pole. Chloe makes herself a cocktail. Rebecca flicks on some party light setting and lounges on sofa with some pillows with Paris' face on them. Marc paces nervously.
40) 4) text: Ciao! We see Nicki on Sam's phone. NICKI (CONT'D)
40) 5) text: Keep the glamour alive! Sam and Nicki take pictures of themselves with a life siz Paris cut-out.
42) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc, Chloe and Nicki are having a great time on busy night at the club. Nicki's wearing a pink mini-dress dress she stole from Paris'. The others are decked out in stuff they got from there as well. Some of them are dancing.
53) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc, Sam and Nicki are looking through clothes. There are piles of bags and designer clothes on Rebecca's bed. Nicki and Sam are squealing and trying things on, Marc is styling them, and taking pictures of them posing in their `looks'. Nicki puts on some crazy Louboutins. He tells th how great they look. Nicki and Sam dance in front of the computer screen watch as they film themselves. Marc goofs off around dancing with them, acting like a bi shot pimp flanked by his girls.
54) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc and Chloe approach a house with their hoods Nicki, Sam and Emily join them. Rebecca looks over at Emily. REBECCA
54) 1) text: Wait. Who are you? NICKI
55) 0) text: The kids go through the closets and drawers, Rebecca open suitcase on the floor - it's filled with jeans and t-shir Nicki looks in the closet. NICKI
55) 1) text: I like this Rick Owens jacket. Nicki throws on the leather jacket, and keeps going. Marc hears a sound outside. MARC
55) 13) text: What's Alprazolam? Nicki answers from the other room. NICKI
58) 8) text: Girls, time for school! Sam, Nicki and Emily come sit on the coach with sari fabr thrown over it and ethnic-looking pillows. Nicki flips up Ray-bans slowly. Sam has messy hair, she looks like she g home late. She's eating a bowl of cereal, Nicki's on her Blackberry. The room is filled with Buddha statues and Balinese wood carved furniture and candles. The girls are flipping through magazines. LAURIE (CONT'D)
58) 14) text: Ok. What else? NICKI
58) 16) text: Ok, the bod is not a characteristic. NICKI
58) 18) text: Until we're finished with this and then we're going to do some flower essence work. The door bell rings, and Nicki goes to answer it. A young guy delivering water, comes in with big bottles. LAURIE (CONT'D)
58) 19) text: Who is it? NICKI
58) 20) text: Water delivery. Nicki poses against wall as he passes, flirtatiously. Lau zips up Nicki's hoodie that's showing off her cleavage. LAURIE
59) 5) text: I want to get some Victoria Secret model clothes. NICKI (Chewing gum)
65) 16) text: So, how did your audition go? NICKI
65) 22) text: Uh huh. NICKI
65) 27) text: Great! That's a cute top, is that new? Nicki's shirt has a Chanel logo on it. NICKI
65) 29) text: Oh, that's nice. NICKI
65) 31) text: Oh, what's it called? NICKI
65) 38) text: Good luck. Sam and Nicki chuckle. HENRY (SUPPORTIVELY)
65) 45) text: OK, OK, that sounds good. Just be back by eleven. NICKI
66) 0) text: Nicki and Sam are cracking themselves up in their underwe smoking a joint, exhaling out the window and picking out slutty outfits. They check themselves out in a full lengt mirror. SAM
66) 1) text: I know, I'd totally do him....but did you see how small his hands are? NICKI
66) 8) text: Dude, we have to get in that video...Does this look good? NICKI
66) 10) text: I just want to look hot, but not desperate. NICKI
66) 12) text: Does my butt look good in these jeans? NICKI
69) 0) text: Marc and Nicki snort coke off the back of a little clutch on the back of the toilet.
74) 0) text: In the bright light, Marc, Rebecca, Sam, Chloe and Nicki strut down the street with big sunglasses, lattes and shopping bags...just like reality stars. They are have a jaded attitude now.
76) 0) text: Rebecca lounges in her bedroom, as the other girls try on things. Sam puts on a skimpy top and shows Nicki. NICKI
76) 1) text: Sexy biatch. Nicki looks in a mirror as she tries on a fluffy white fu jacket. NICKI (CONT'D)
77) 0) text: Marc styles Nicki, dressing her up in a look. MARC
77) 5) text: Oh, yeah. Nicki smokes something off a little piece of tin foil, exhaling out the window. His phone rings. REBECCA (O.S.)
77) 11) text: Oh my god. He starts crying. NICKI
77) 19) text: Oh shit. Nicki cracks the door open coyly. Marc's dad who looks li teamster looks at her. MR. HALL
77) 20) text: Is everything alright in there? NICKI (CUTESY)
81) 0) text: Rebecca drives and talks on speaker phone with Marc next her. REBECCA We're going to Rachel Bilson's, wanna come? NICKI (O.S.) Hells yeah, text me where...is she still dating Hayden Christensen? REBECCA I don't know.
82) 0) text: We follow Rebecca, Marc, Nicki, and Sam as they meet up i the dark as they approach the house. REBECCA C'mon.
83) 0) text: They look through her closet. Rebecca stands in the doorway of the bathroom that opens to a dressing area. She looks through drawers, takes a make-up bag, and looks through the medicine cabinet. She finds a necklace on the counter - a gold chain, with `R'. She puts it around her neck and clasps it as she loo at herself in the mirror. Nicki and Sam grab designer purses and clothes.   A cat c up to them. SAM
83) 1) text: She has so many Chanel bags. NICKI
83) 15) text: Oh my fucking god. NICKI
84) 0) text: They climb up and onto a street. Someone walks by with th dog. The kids try to look casual, just walking down the street NICKI
84) 3) text: You guys wait here, I'll get the car. She walks off, and the rest of them sit on the curb. Marc Nicki smoke cigarettes. MARC
84) 8) text: I know! She opens a big tote bag, and pulls out a little Chanel Mademoiselle quilted bag. NICKI (CONT'D)
84) 28) text: No fucking way! NICKI
84) 31) text: You went to Rachel Bilson's?! NICKI
85) 0) text: We see Marc, Rebecca, Sam and Nicki with beach chairs and vendor's table set up covered in designer "it" bags. Ther are about 30 Chanel, some Marc Jacobs, Louis Vuitton and Balenciaga bags. Mark wears a sun hat, the girls in big sunglasses take mo they look like kids at a lemonade stand.
87) 0) text: We see over some detectives to computer screens with Rebecca's Facebook page with party shots of Marc, Nicki a Sam posing in their outfits. CLOSE UP: Rebecca's Facebook page of her in a party shot, zoom in slowly to the gold "R" necklace around her neck t we saw her put on at Rachel Bilson's.
88) 0) text: We follow Marc, Rebecca, and Nicki as they go up to the house. Chloe waits behind. CHLOE
90) 0) text: Rebecca and Nicki are freaking out over her clothes. Marc looks nervous, but goes along with them. Marc looks through the medicine cabinet and takes a prescription bottle. He reads label, and opens it, popping one in his mouth. H screws the top back on and puts it in his pocket. Marc paces and keeps a look out. REBECCA
90) 3) text: Oh my god, this is the dress she wore to the Cosmopolitan opening! NICKI
90) 4) text: Oh my god, that's so cute. She shows them a jacket. NICKI (CONT'D)
90) 5) text: What do you think? They load up bags, in fashion heaven. Nicki takes an Ed Hardy skull sculpture. Rebecca finds a little Louis Vuitton rolling suitcase, sh rolls behind her.
91) 16) text: That's Marc Hall, Rebecca Ahn and Chloe, I don't know her last name, and Nicki Moore.
95) 12) text: We have a warrant to search your house. Everyone needs to come outside. The girls yell from upstairs. NICKI (O.S.)
95) 24) text: You have the right to remain silent. He reads the Miranda rights as he puts Nicki under arrest NICKI
95) 25) text: I want a lawyer! Call my lawyer! They put Nicki in the back of the police car. A neighbor takes a photo with his phone. NICKI (CONT'D)
106) 0) text: Paparazzi and video cameras surround Nicki and her sister they rush to get in their car. Harsh video camera lights shine in their faces in the darkness. MALE TMZ REPORTER
106) 2) dialog: Oh my god! LAURIE
107) 0) text: Nicki is trying on court looks for Sam. She has on a Pete Pan collared shirt, mini skirt and heels, with her hair u a bun, she turns from the mirror to Sam. NICKI
107) 4) text: If you like a secretary-style hooker. NICKI
107) 5) text: Shut Up.                                                * She changes her skirt to a little bit longer one. NICKI (CONT'D)
107) 7) text: That's better...you need lower heels. NICKI
107) 10) text: Nicki!
107) 13) text: Nicki! Kate from Vanity Fair is here.
108) 0) text: Laurie sits next to Nicki as she speaks to KATE, a polish journalist from N.Y. A tape recorder sits in front of Nic Nicki's two lawyers, SHANNON a brunette in her early 40's a suit and pearls and ADAM, middle-aged lawyer-type, sit them. KATE
108) 6) text: And how is Sam related? NICKI
108) 8) text: I was friends with her mother-- NICKI
108) 10) text: The philosophy of `The Secret', it's based on the law of attraction, but my great- grandmother and grandmother both studied this philosophy. It's man's relationship to the Divine, that's what energy science means. NICKI
108) 12) text: So, Sam was in your ballet class, did she have parents? NICKI
108) 14) text: And I met her mom-- NICKI
108) 19) text: A practicing... NICKI
108) 21) text: And then she went off the deep end, she was on the verge-- NICKI
108) 23) text: So, basically you took her in. NICKI
108) 25) text: But let's get back to Nicki. KATE
108) 26) text: So Adam here told me you do charity work. NICKI
108) 28) text: It's the religious science philosophy being taught at Agape Church. NICKI
108) 36) text: Nicki, I don't want you to answer that comment. NICKI
108) 38) text: She can speak generally. NICKI
108) 39) text: I'm not gonna speak about the case, what I was going to say is that I'm a firm believer in karma and I think this situation was attracted into my life as a huge learning lesson for me to grow and expand as a spiritual human being. Nicki is getting emotional as she speaks, her voice quive NICKI (CONT'D)
108) 42) text: We have gotten to know Nicki and her family and we feel Nicki is an extremely focused, honest person who has a lot to provide to the community. (MORE)
108) 46) text: And we agree that there hasn't been a disconnect, that there were circumstances that happened but Nicki herself continued to stay on her plane despite the tumultuous experiences happening. KATE
108) 47) text: What's your goal or life plan if you have one? NICKI
108) 48) text: I do, I think my journey is to be a leader and push for peace and for the health of our planet-- Nicki starts to get teary eyed. SHANNON
108) 49) text: Nicki has expressed to me a lot of her humanitarianism. NICKI
110) 0) text: It's a sunny L.A. day. Laurie, Nicki, Sam and Emily get out of their black S.U.V dressed for court. NICKI
110) 2) text: Just remember what we went over with Shannon, they can't prove you were in any of those houses. NICKI
110) 3) text: I know, mom. Laurie smooths her skirt, as she stands straight in high heels. They take hands and bow their heads. NICKI (CONT'D)
110) 6) dialog: Stop!
110) 11) text: She's praying. NICKI
111) 0) text: Nicki, dressed as a sexy school girl walks up with her mo and sisters. Her lawyer, Shannon, is dressed for success. They are flanked by paparazzi and video camera crews. Nicki stops to make a statement. Shannon stands by her si getting in the shot. NICKI
112) 0) text: We see Marc, Chloe, Nicki and Rob sitting in a row, dress for court.
114) 0) text: Rebecca enters with her mom and lawyers and is brought to row of seats with Marc, Nicki, Chloe and Rob. She is seated next to Marc, but doesn't look at him. Marc looks over at her, but she stares ahead. The court room door closes. BAM- we hear the sound of a gavel banging over black.
114) 5) text: Marc Hall, you are found guilty on                      * 4 counts of first degree                                * residential burglary.                                   * Flashes and coverage continues as they leave. Nicki sobs, freeze frame on her through a paparazzi's long lens for a frames and then continue. A distressed Laurie follows lik protective Lioness. Marc looks in shock and keeps his head low, and Rebecca l pissed as they are led out. We see news cameras descending on them. JUDGE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
115) 0) text: From the view of a TMZ-style low-res video camera: They l the courthouse in the mayhem. We see Nicki, Marc and Rebe trying to get out with press and lawyers surrounding. Nic cries, Laurie's freaking out. TV REPORTER
117) 3) text: We're here with Nicki Moore, who just served 30 days for her involvement in the Bling Ring, and shared a cell block with one of the victims- Lindsay Lohan. There were reports that Lindsay was crying, with you being next to her, did you actually hear any of this? NICKI
117) 5) text: And how'd she look? NICKI
117) 10) text: Were you nervous you were next to her because you were accused of being a part of that group that allegedly robbed her house. NICKI
117) 12) text: So that's nerve wracking she could think you robbed her house. NICKI
117) 13) text: She could've, but you know...yeah...Anyway, you can follow everything about me and my journey at Nickimooreforever dot com.