0) 4) dialog: Let's go shopping! And she pulls open the closet door. CLOSE UP: grabbing Louis Vuitton bags. A drawer opens with a few Rolexes, that are scooped in to Louis Vuitton duffle bag.
9) 6) text: Watch it. Rebecca, dressed casually like an off-duty Hollywood star looks over at Marc. She closes her locker. REBECCA
9) 7) text: Hey, new kid. Marc looks up, as she saunters over. REBECCA (CONT'D)
9) 9) text: Yeah. REBECCA
9) 11) text: Oh ok, I'll watch out, thanks. He laughs, grateful to her for bonding. They walk down the hall. REBECCA
9) 13) text: Gym, where's that? REBECCA
9) 18) text: Agoura Hills, but I was away for a year, did home school... REBECCA
9) 20) text: I got kicked out of the last school for too many absences. What about you? REBECCA
9) 21) text: For having `substances' you're not suppose to have at school. She smiles slyly. REBECCA (CONT'D)
9) 22) text: See you later. She splits off...then turns back to him. REBECCA (CONT'D)
10) 0) text: Marc, Rebecca, and her friend Chloe, 17, a rich Calabasas wanna be thug, drive on the PCH in the smoky car. Chloe sings along to some rap song like she's from the ho
11) 0) text: Marc, Rebecca, and Chloe hang out watching the waves, smo a joint. There are other kids around, hanging out.
11) 5) text: Cool, and then intern at Teen Vogue? REBECCA
11) 7) text: Yeah, I'd like to have my own lifestyle brand. REBECCA
11) 14) text: Lates. The girls pass by. REBECCA
12) 0) text: Music is playing. Kids roam around with beers. Some kid is smoking out of a big bong, and singing along hip hop chorus. In a bedroom, Rebecca's older sister SARAH, 19, is sellin little baggies of coke. SARAH
13) 0) text: There's a bulletin board of fashion tears and pictures of young starlets- Rachel Bilson, Lindsay Lohan, Audrina Patridge, some Victoria Secret models. Rebecca smokes a cigarette, while she and Marc flip throu magazines. They look at pages of starlets in gowns on the carpet. In the background, the TV is on with random celebrity cul playing There's a page of `Tweets of the Week' including a pictur Demi Moore posing in a bikini in her bathroom. REBECCA
13) 2) text: Is your mom away a lot? REBECCA
13) 7) text: For what? REBECCA
13) 9) text: And you're at Indian Hills? REBECCA (LAUGHS)
13) 11) text: Yeah, and the shoes are nice...but she needs to get some better extensions... REBECCA
13) 13) text: No, Dior. REBECCA
13) 15) text: My mom doesn't work, my dad works for a film distribution company, they do a lot of stuff overseas.. REBECCA
13) 17) text: Yeah...it's cool. I get to go to screenings and stuff. REBECCA
13) 19) text: But enough with the patent leather accessories, they look cheap. REBECCA
14) 0) text: Kids hang around drinking and smoking, some jump in the p REBECCA
14) 2) text: What's that? REBECCA (Sneaky)
15) 0) text: Marc and Rebecca are on an affluent suburban street. They walk down the sidewalk casually under the street lig Rebecca checks to see if a car's door is open. It's not, goes on to another. She opens the door of a Lexus, and fi a small purse in door side pocket, she takes it. REBECCA
15) 2) text: No way! REBECCA
15) 8) text: Yeah, people leave them open with cash and credit cards... They walk off into the darkness, smoking cigarettes. REBECCA (CONT'D)
16) 0) text: Marc walks out of school to see Rebecca leaning against h car waiting for him. REBECCA
17) 0) text: They drive in the valley. REBECCA
17) 2) text: Oh, cool, anytime... Where are we going? REBECCA
17) 4) text: Okay. REBECCA
17) 11) text: Woodland hills. REBECCA (teasing him)
18) 0) text: They pull up to a nice suburban house. REBECCA
18) 2) text: Uh huh. They walk up casually. They go around to the back of the house and find a side door open. Marc follows Rebecca in.
19) 0) text: Rebecca casually looks around, opening drawers, sitting o the furniture. Marc paces nervously. MARC
19) 1) text: Fuck...I think we should get outta here. Rebecca keeps looking through cabinets and drawers calmly REBECCA
19) 2) text: It's fine, it's fine...don't freak out. She goes down a hall, Marc nervously follows her. In a bedroom, Rebecca opens the closet and tries on a jac
19) 7) text: Uh, Sure. He can't really focus. She gets down on the floor and looks under the bed. She p out a box, and opens it. REBECCA
20) 0) text: Rebecca gets in a Porsche convertible in the driveway lik it's hers and starts the engine. MARC
20) 1) text: What the fuck? Rebecca smiles, and flips her sunglasses from her head, o her eyes, as she lowers the roof. REBECCA
20) 3) text: Where'd you get the keys? REBECCA (Super casual)
20) 4) text: I grabbed them on the way out. She backs out of the driveway like it's no big deal. REBECCA (CONT'D)
21) 0) text: Rebecca and Marc strut down the street with big sunglasse on, carrying Starbucks and shopping bags. They go in to Kitson.
22) 0) text: Marc and Rebecca shop like pros. They're having the time their lives, styling each other and picking stuff out. They check out their looks in the mirror, and take pictur They take two small boxes out of a Tiffany &amp; Co. bag on matching rings. At the cashier they put a big pile of stuff on the counte
24) 0) text: Marc looks at Rebecca, her hair blowing in the wind. Rebe smiles at him.
25) 5) text: Get in line. She walks up to Rebecca and Marc CHLOE (CONT'D)
25) 6) text: Beccaaaaaa! Yo, slut we're going to Les Deux, wanna go? Nicki and Sam are there. Rebecca looks at Marc. REBECCA
26) 0) text: Chloe talks her way in with the cute Mexican door man, RO Marc follows Rebecca and her. Chloe already seems a littl drunk. CHLOE
27) 0) text: Marc and Rebecca are at a table with Nicki and Sam who ar dressed in skimpy outfits and lots of lip gloss. Nicki, re-applies lip gloss, as Sam sends a text. The music is loud and they shout to speak to each other. (Note: There is constant texting and photo taking through out.) Marc is feeling in his element, this is where he should b
29) 0) text: Marc struts up to school. Rebecca, Chloe and some kids hanging out meet him and they go in together. CHLOE
29) 7) text: Dawg, wassup? Marc hands Rebecca a Starbucks. MARC
29) 8) text: I thought you might want one. REBECCA
29) 9) text: Oh, you're the best. Marc smiles. REBECCA (CONT'D)
29) 11) text: Thanks. Marc looks over at Rebecca as they walk into school. Marc's P.O.V. - we see Rebecca move in slow motion, the w blows her sunlit hair. MARC (O.S.) (CONT'D)
30) 0) text: Marc and Rebecca hang out in her room, looking at magazin and stuff on the computer. The Victoria Secret show is on the TV in the background. Marc is looking at a gossipy website. We see on screen: TMZ news of Mischa Barton DUI arrest an mug shot.
30) 4) text: Misha Barton got a DUI...Paris Hilton is hosting a party Thursday night at the Cosmopolitan in Vegas... REBECCA
30) 6) text: 2342 Briar Summit... He pulls up a Google Maps image of her house, they're abl look around it. Rebecca's eyes light up. REBECCA
30) 8) text: Looks like you could get in going up the hill behind her house. REBECCA
31) 0) text: We see over Marc and Rebecca's dark figures, Paris' mansi glowing up on a hill.
32) 0) text: Rebecca and Marc open the door with the key and go in.
33) 0) text: They walk in the quiet house and turn on the light, as li spider monkeys in a cage jump toward them and screech. Rebecca and Marc jump back, he yells. Rebecca glares at h to be cool. MARC
33) 1) text: Oh my fucking god. REBECCA
33) 2) text: They're her pet monkeys. Hi guys. She leans forward and makes a cute face at the monkey who hisses at her. They continue through the house looking around. They pass a gilded gold-framed couch with pillows with Pa photo silk screened on them. They pass a wall of photos of Paris Hilton and her many magazine covers, as they go upstairs. Marc is nervous, Rebecca is cool and focused. He paces and is on the look out, while she looks for stuf MARC
33) 3) text: Let's get the fuck out of here. REBECCA
33) 4) text: It's fine, it's fine...let's keep going. They go into her dressing area. It's a mess, clothes all the floor. Rebecca picks up some small purses and finds crumpled fif and hundred dollar bills that she takes. MARC
33) 5) text: She's so messy. Rebecca looks through her underwear drawer, takes a brigh pink bra. She takes a Louis Vuitton Camo bag and stuffs some things it. Rebecca sits on her bed, and looks around. Marc paces nervously.
33) 9) text: C'mon, let's get out of here. REBECCA
33) 10) text: You're tripping out. This is fine, it's ok, why are you tripping out? Rebecca casually descends the stairs as if she lives ther Marc follows her down, into Paris' night club room. There are pictures of her all over the walls, and a strip pole on a little platform. Pink furry pillows line the banquette. Marc takes a bottle of vodka. Rebecca looks around the ro takes it all in.
34) 0) text: They leave, closing the door behind them. They see a secu patrol car drive by, and jump in some bushes. The patrol car stops and flashes a light around the bushe Rebecca and Marc freeze in their hiding spot. Marc is freaking out, he thinks this is it for him. He tries to breath quietly. Rebecca calmly waits. Finally the flashing lights stop, and the car moves on. Marc and Rebecca sit in the dark, Marc breaths again. They wait for a while. REBECCA
35) 4) text: No way, I totally want to go to Paris'! REBECCA
35) 7) text: You are so sick! O.G. Motherfucker! Rebecca laughs, and cheers Marc with their plastic cups. SAM
35) 9) text: Her key was under the mat, it was so chill, we just walked in. REBECCA
36) 0) text: Nicki, Sam and Rebecca try on outfits for Marc, he helps style them, while he's looking online, telling them celeb tidbits. Nicki and Sam love taking their tops off... MARC
37) 0) text: Nicki, Sam, Chloe and Marc follow Rebecca as they sneak u and go in the house. Rebecca opens the door with the key, the bejeweled charm dangling from the key ring. Sam and Nicki look at each other impressed, and they foll her in.
38) 0) text: They follow Rebecca into Paris' dressing area. NICKI
38) 1) text: No way! Rebecca opens a closet door and there's a room full of sh NICKI (CONT'D)
38) 9) text: "Ciao Paris, Keep the glamour alive! Un Bacio, Donatella." Marc puts on a pair of pink heels and runway walks for th girls who love it. He grabs a little LV rolling suitcase, does a runway look with it coming around a corner, pullin the suitcase in heels and a scarf like a `60s Pan Am stewardess. Rebecca notices something on the far wall of the closet a pushes on the back wall of shoes - the wall opens to a se safe room. REBECCA
38) 10) text: Sweet. There's an open safe and Rebecca and Marc get down to see what's in it, they find cash, some jewelry and naked phot REBECCA (CONT'D)
38) 23) text: Ew, put that back. Nicki grabs a big bag and throws some stuff in it, and wa around with it swinging from her wrist like it's hers and she's out shopping. Rebecca is filling a bag, too... and looking through her drawers.
39) 0) text: Rebecca opens a pink make-up bag and starts putting on Pa make-up. She opens the medicine cabinet. She looks through some prescriptions and takes a bottle. She puts on some of Paris' pink lipstick and pouts in the mirror. MARC
39) 1) text: C'mon let's get the fuck out of here. REBECCA
39) 2) text: Alright, alright...in a sec. They take some more stuff and head down the stairs laughi REBECCA (CONT'D)
40) 0) text: The kids make themselves at home. Sam and Nicki goof off on the stripper pole. Chloe makes herself a cocktail. Rebecca flicks on some party light setting and lounges on sofa with some pillows with Paris' face on them. Marc paces nervously.
42) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc, Chloe and Nicki are having a great time on busy night at the club. Nicki's wearing a pink mini-dress dress she stole from Paris'. The others are decked out in stuff they got from there as well. Some of them are dancing.
43) 0) text: Chloe's driving wasted, with Rebecca and Marc in the car. They're blasting music, high from their night. -Suddenly Chloe crashes into another car, air bags go off their faces, with that awful sound of a car crash.
45) 0) text: Rebecca and Marc hang out in front of school while Chloe brags about how hard core she is. CHLOE
45) 1) text: Man, I was off the charts, it was craaazzay - they didn't know how I was driving let alone still alive. REBECCA
45) 5) text: What are you guys doing later? REBECCA
47) 0) text: Rebecca and Marc hang out like it's their place. They lis to music on the club professional sound system. Marc opens a drawer and finds diamond encrusted gun light He leans over and lights Rebecca's cigarette. She smokes and they look through her stuff. The dog sits to her.
48) 0) text: As Marc and Rebecca are leaving, the Yorkie sees them out Rebecca picks up the little dog and starts to leave with REBECCA
48) 2) text: You can't take her dog. REBECCA
48) 4) text: Come on Rebecca, leave her dog, it would be too noticeable anyway. REBECCA
49) 0) text: As they leave, Rebecca checks a door handle of an expensi sports car on the street. It opens, and she reaches in a pocket. REBECCA
50) 0) text: Rebecca and Marc drive around singing along to their favo song, high, having the best time of their lives. When the song ends, they play it again...and again. They take bumps and keep going. The music fades down and off (we still see them singing t hearts out). MARC (O.S.)
51) 0) text: Rebecca and Marc are watching The Hills premier on TV. Marc is also looking at stuff on a laptop. His screen is filled with shots of Audrina Patridge in different looks at various events. She's in a bikini in one, a sexy dress, a skimpy naughty Halloween costume. REBECCA
51) 2) text: She's going to Demi &amp; Ashton's Oscar party Sunday. Rebecca smiles. REBECCA
52) 0) text: In a wide shot, we see Rebecca and Marc as small figures enter a glass house on a hill. They run around and leave with bags of stuff.
53) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc, Sam and Nicki are looking through clothes. There are piles of bags and designer clothes on Rebecca's bed. Nicki and Sam are squealing and trying things on, Marc is styling them, and taking pictures of them posing in their `looks'. Nicki puts on some crazy Louboutins. He tells th how great they look. Nicki and Sam dance in front of the computer screen watch as they film themselves. Marc goofs off around dancing with them, acting like a bi shot pimp flanked by his girls.
54) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc and Chloe approach a house with their hoods Nicki, Sam and Emily join them. Rebecca looks over at Emily. REBECCA
54) 2) text: This is my little sister, Emily. REBECCA
54) 7) text: Thirteen. She looks at her like "old enough". REBECCA
54) 8) text: C'mon. They look around, trying doors and windows. Rebecca finds a dog door at the back of the house. REBECCA (CONT'D)
55) 0) text: The kids go through the closets and drawers, Rebecca open suitcase on the floor - it's filled with jeans and t-shir Nicki looks in the closet. NICKI
55) 2) text: Did you hear that? REBECCA
55) 4) text: I think I heard someone. REBECCA
55) 10) text: We're in L.A., there are always helicopters...don't be such a little bitch. Rebecca pulls some designer bags off a shelf, as if she h jack pot. Sam looks through racks of clothes as if she's in a bouti Emily tries on shoes. SAM
59) 4) text: Orlando Bloom's shooting a movie in New York, he's there with Miranda Kerr. There's a picture of the actor and model on the red carpe Then we see typed in: Orlando Bloom's address. A map comes up. REBECCA
60) 0) text: The gang of them approach a fence, there's some wire fenc the bottom that's unraveling, they pull on it and it open enough for them to squeeze through. They approach the house and scatter around to find a way Rebecca opens the front door, it's unlocked. REBECCA
62) 0) text: As they're headed out with all of their loot, Rebecca gra piece of art off the wall. MARC
62) 1) text: What the fuck are you doing? REBECCA
62) 3) text: Are you fucking serious? Rebecca gives him a nonchalant look, and takes it out wit her under her arm, carrying a big bag on her other side. Marc watches her and follows her out.
63) 1) text: If I ever became not your friend anymore, would you rob me? REBECCA
64) 0) text: Rebecca is entranced watching a Golden Globes red carpet cap on the T.V. We see styled starlet after starlet pose for cameras, the put their hands on their hips, and do over the shoulder l to cameras as flashes go off. Amanda Seyfried, Anne Hathaway, Blake Lively, Kim Kardashian... A journalist interviews a starlet. JOURNALIST (O.S.)
74) 0) text: In the bright light, Marc, Rebecca, Sam, Chloe and Nicki strut down the street with big sunglasses, lattes and shopping bags...just like reality stars. They are have a jaded attitude now.
75) 0) text: The kids plus Rob enter the house. Rebecca leads them in if it's her place.
76) 0) text: Rebecca lounges in her bedroom, as the other girls try on things. Sam puts on a skimpy top and shows Nicki. NICKI
76) 8) text: And she never noticed? REBECCA
77) 5) text: Oh, yeah. Nicki smokes something off a little piece of tin foil, exhaling out the window. His phone rings. REBECCA (O.S.)
77) 7) text: What? REBECCA (O.S.)
77) 9) text: No fucking way, no fucking way. REBECCA (O.S.)
77) 12) text: Oh, shit. REBECCA (O.S.)
80) 0) text: Rebecca, Marc and Chloe hang out sitting on rocks, smokin
80) 4) text: I'll probably go over to Sagebrush later... REBECCA
80) 6) text: I don't know, I think some local bands... Rebecca checks a text. REBECCA
80) 9) text: Yeah, that news thing totally freaked me out. REBECCA
80) 10) text: Nothing happened, there's no way you can tell who that is...C'mon, will you find her house for me, please? She gives him a pleading baby pouty look. REBECCA (CONT'D)
80) 12) text: I don't know. REBECCA
81) 0) text: Rebecca drives and talks on speaker phone with Marc next her. REBECCA We're going to Rachel Bilson's, wanna come? NICKI (O.S.) Hells yeah, text me where...is she still dating Hayden Christensen? REBECCA I don't know.
81) 1) text: Marc nods. REBECCA (CONT'D) Marc thinks so.
82) 0) text: We follow Rebecca, Marc, Nicki, and Sam as they meet up i the dark as they approach the house. REBECCA C'mon.
82) 1) text: They approach the house and look for a way in. MARC What if there are cameras? REBECCA There aren't, just keep your hat on...and chill out. It's fine.
82) 2) text: They go around the house and find a side door open. Rebecca leads the way in. They enter the dark house, and find her bedroom.
83) 0) text: They look through her closet. Rebecca stands in the doorway of the bathroom that opens to a dressing area. She looks through drawers, takes a make-up bag, and looks through the medicine cabinet. She finds a necklace on the counter - a gold chain, with `R'. She puts it around her neck and clasps it as she loo at herself in the mirror. Nicki and Sam grab designer purses and clothes.   A cat c up to them. SAM
83) 3) text: That's so cute. They load up bags, try on shoes. Rebecca closes the bathroom door. MARC
83) 4) text: What are you doing in there? REBECCA (O.S.)
83) 6) text: Are you fucking crazy? How are you so relaxed? We hear the toilet flush, and Rebecca comes out casually some stuff with her. She looks around the closet. Some headlights flash, as a car pulls up outside. MARC (CONT'D)
83) 7) text: Oh fuck, someone's here. REBECCA
83) 16) text: That was so close! REBECCA
84) 2) text: Hello. They walk, with a few bags. REBECCA
84) 10) text: That's so cute. Did you get me one? Rebecca pulls up in her car and they get in and drive off MARC (O.S.)
84) 11) text: I think the biggest problem was after the Audrina thing-nothing happened-it gave Rebecca that self- boost that, oh, this is okay. I can get away with this. And I think her projecting that onto me made me think that it was going to be okay.
84) 14) text: Yo, Becca. REBECCA
84) 16) text: I heard you went to Paris Hilton's. REBECCA
84) 22) text: That's so dope. Paris Hilton... REBECCA
84) 23) text: Lates. Rebecca keeps going to a keg. They get some beer in red plastic cups and look around. Chloe, wasted, comes up to them and they scream. CHLOE
84) 36) text: CLOSE UP: Rebecca snorting a line of coke. Music kicks in: Stealing-snorting-shopping montage The editing pace gets faster and faster, almost on a loop stealing, snorting coke in dressing room, while shopping Kitson, stealing, snorting, shopping, Starbucks...dancing a Valley party. The kid's photos are mixed in.
85) 0) text: We see Marc, Rebecca, Sam and Nicki with beach chairs and vendor's table set up covered in designer "it" bags. Ther are about 30 Chanel, some Marc Jacobs, Louis Vuitton and Balenciaga bags. Mark wears a sun hat, the girls in big sunglasses take mo they look like kids at a lemonade stand.
87) 0) text: We see over some detectives to computer screens with Rebecca's Facebook page with party shots of Marc, Nicki a Sam posing in their outfits. CLOSE UP: Rebecca's Facebook page of her in a party shot, zoom in slowly to the gold "R" necklace around her neck t we saw her put on at Rachel Bilson's.
87) 5) text: Rebecca's like biggest conquest was Lindsay Lohan. She was her ultimate fashion icon.
88) 0) text: We follow Marc, Rebecca, and Nicki as they go up to the house. Chloe waits behind. CHLOE
88) 2) text: I don't think we should do this. If there are cameras, it's gonna be like Audrina's, it's gonna get out. REBECCA
88) 3) text: C'mon, Lindsay's gone, I wanna do this, this is our opportunity. Marc looks at her. REBECCA (CONT'D)
88) 5) text: OK, but this is it. She smiles, and they head around to the back of the house They look around and find a side door open. They follow Rebecca in.
89) 4) text: I don't know, I think we should get out of here. REBECCA
90) 0) text: Rebecca and Nicki are freaking out over her clothes. Marc looks nervous, but goes along with them. Marc looks through the medicine cabinet and takes a prescription bottle. He reads label, and opens it, popping one in his mouth. H screws the top back on and puts it in his pocket. Marc paces and keeps a look out. REBECCA
90) 2) text: Yeah, sure. Marc paces. REBECCA
90) 5) text: What do you think? They load up bags, in fashion heaven. Nicki takes an Ed Hardy skull sculpture. Rebecca finds a little Louis Vuitton rolling suitcase, sh rolls behind her.
91) 0) text: Marc is dropping Rebecca off. MARC
91) 1) text: When are you coming back from Vegas? REBECCA
91) 4) text: Why do you think Rebecca was so obsessed with these women and their clothes - enough to steal?
91) 7) text: I just think she wanted to be part of, like, the lifestyle. Like, the lifestyle that everybody kind of wants. Rebecca disappears down the long airport terminal hallway
91) 12) text: Marc and Rebecca were bragging about it at a party, they said they had been in Rachel Bilson's house and Lindsay Lohan's. They said they went to Paris Hilton's like eight times...
91) 16) text: That's Marc Hall, Rebecca Ahn and Chloe, I don't know her last name, and Nicki Moore.
96) 0) text: Police knock on the door of the well-kept home with a BMW the driveway. Rebecca's mom, a put together middle-aged Korean business woman opens the door. REBECCA'S MOM Hello, how can I help you? POLICE OFFICER Is this the home of Rebecca Ahn? REBECCA'S MOM I'm her mother, but she's staying with her father in Nevada. POLICE OFFICER Ma'am, we'll need to get her current address.
100) 9) text: Did you know Rebecca was leaving the state? MARC
101) 0) text: We see over Marc's shoulder to his computer screen as he to Rebecca's Facebook page. What we've seen earlier as a page full of pictures and messages is now blank, with only Rebecca's ID photo and a icon of a lock with the message: Rebecca only shares some information publicly. If you know Rebecca, add her as a friend or send her a message.
102) 0) text: We see police cars approach a small house in the desert. Police knock on the door, and Rebecca opens it.
103) 1) text: We have a warrant to search the premises. Are you Rebecca Ahn? REBECCA
103) 2) text: Yes. The detective reads Rebecca her Miranda rights. She is calm and collected. DETECTIVE
103) 3) text: Do you understand your rights? REBECCA
103) 7) text: Do you know why we're at your home serving a search warrant? REBECCA
103) 9) text: Why do you think we're here? REBECCA
103) 11) text: Do you know why? REBECCA
103) 13) text: Were you involved in any of the burglaries to these celebrities? REBECCA
103) 15) text: Is there going to be any property from any of those burglaries in this residence? REBECCA
103) 17) text: Have you been in any of the celebrity's homes that have been burglarized? REBECCA
104) 1) text: We've located a jacket and jeans that match the description by Lohan, and personal photographs of Paris Hilton. Rebecca's face goes white, and she loses her composure. REBECCA
104) 3) text: The detectives on this case are trying to recover hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of property for the victims and I'm sure they would say if your cooperation helped them locate it. REBECCA
104) 8) text: Is this your marijuana? REBECCA
105) 0) text: Rebecca is being questioned by the L.A. Detective in a sm room. REBECCA
105) 2) text: I've spoken to all of the Victims. Rebecca's eyes light up. REBECCA
105) 10) text: Rebecca Ahn, thought to be the ringleader was arrested, and awaits her hearing with the other members. Stay tuned for the latest on the Bling Ring.
109) 1) text: I met Rebecca in school after I moved back and went to Indian Hills, I went there because I had a lot of absences. I didn't want to go to school, I had a lot of self- loathing and anxiety issues, I felt that I was ugly... KATE
113) 0) text: Rebecca, dressed for court, walks with her mother, who's is pulled back severely. She's dressed in a dark suit and tinted glasses. They are flanked by lawyers. She speaks coldly to her in Korean, Rebecca answers her in English. REBECCA'S MOM (IN KOREAN)
113) 1) text: Sit up straight, and speak up when you answer questions. REBECCA
113) 2) text: Ok. REBECCA'S MOM (IN KOREAN)
114) 0) text: Rebecca enters with her mom and lawyers and is brought to row of seats with Marc, Nicki, Chloe and Rob. She is seated next to Marc, but doesn't look at him. Marc looks over at her, but she stares ahead. The court room door closes. BAM- we hear the sound of a gavel banging over black.
114) 5) text: Marc Hall, you are found guilty on                      * 4 counts of first degree                                * residential burglary.                                   * Flashes and coverage continues as they leave. Nicki sobs, freeze frame on her through a paparazzi's long lens for a frames and then continue. A distressed Laurie follows lik protective Lioness. Marc looks in shock and keeps his head low, and Rebecca l pissed as they are led out. We see news cameras descending on them. JUDGE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
115) 1) text: Rebecca Ahn and Marc Hall were both sentenced to 4 years in state prison. Chloe Taynor and Robert Hernandez were each sentenced to a year. We watch them leave as we hear the voice of another repor
115) 4) text: Members of the Bling Ring were                     * sentenced today for their roles in                 * the rash of break-ins that netted                  * more than three million in high-end                * goods. Rebecca Ahn and Marc Hall                   * were both sentenced with four years                * in state prison, Chloe Taynor and                  * Robert Hernandez will face one year                * each, and Nicolette Moore was                      * sentenced to six months in county                  * jail.                                              *