27) 0) text: They are staring at each other. We have seen the woman already -- she's CHRISTY SULLIVAN. But the pictures in the corridor did not do her justice. This is a fabulous-looking twenty-five-year-old woman. Long, golden hair, a round face that sets off her deep blue eyes, a tanned, curving body. A bare-shouldered black dress. An expensive necklace. One more thing:   she is staggering drunk. The man is ALAN RICHMOND, wealthy, successful, handsome and fit. Mid-forties. He wears an elegantly-cut suit. Two additional points: (1) Richmond is clearly not the husband in the wedding photo. (2) He is drunker than she is.
27) 4) dialog: (drunk) It's okay -- I told him I was sick -- anyway, he's gone -- relax...
29) 0) text: Christy, fumbling with her necklace, looks across the room -- What she's looking at:     the side table with the remote that opens the vault.
30) 0) text: Luther, frozen, as Christy starts toward the table.
33) 0) text: Richmond, reaching out for her, then as she passes him; he takes her by the hand -- -- and now they are dancing, their bodies pressed together. They move slowly. She hums. He tries to get fancy, spin her with one arm -- -- no good. They're too drunk for it, starts to lose balance, separate. They giggle. Smile at each other. Now Christy manages to unhook her necklace, and as she starts to drop it in the drawer of the nightstand --
35) 0) text: Christy, as she spins toward the table again, still with the necklace in her hand.
37) 0) text: Richmond, watching too, emptying the vodka bottle into his tumbler, chugging it down and now... The table as Christy reaches out, grabs a remote, turns.
40) 0) text: Suddenly there's ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING -- she's turned the STEREO ON. Christy starts humming, replaces the clicker, drops the necklace in the drawer. Then they are into each other's arms. Their bodies press. Their bodies sway. He moves a hand to her breasts -- -- Christy breaks loose, shakes a finger at him, as if to say, "naughty, naughty" -- -- then with one hand, she pulls a zipper down. The dress falls off her body. Her breasts spring free. She is wearing only her panties now and high heels. And a smile. She is stunning looking and she knows it and men have always gone nuts over her and she knows that too. And Richmond can't resist her either, goes to her, bends her back, caresses her neck, begins sucking her nipples. Christy moans.
42) 0) text: Christy, pulling away for a moment, starting to work at Richmond's tie, shakes him out of his suit jacket, reaches for his belt, loosens it. She is working at his shirt buttons now and their breathing is audible and in a moment he is down to his boxer shorts and then her panties are off, her shoes kicked away and they are near the vault mirror now. As they approach it, they stare at themselves.
49) 0) text: Luther -- watching because Richmond's eyes are not shut, they are wide open and they stare at the mirror and the awful look from before is back, only worse, and then without warning, he grips her buttocks roughly -- -- and slaps her hard on the ass, over and over and Christy is shocked, surprised, pulls away. Richmond smiles at her sweetly. Christy.   Shaking her head. Richmond. He continues to smile, makes a courtly gesture, kissing her fingertips in apology.
49) 4) dialog: (slurred)
49) 5) text: You fucking bastard. And on that -- Richmond, standing now, reaches down to help her up. Christy hesitates, finally takes his hand and as soon as she is on her feet -- Christy, kicking him with all she has, in the stomach.
51) 0) text: Richmond, the air momentarily out of him,  falling drunkenly to the floor, stunned for just  a moment and clearly in pain, but he is a big man and  he is strong an he grabs her ankle, yanks, and then both  are laboring on the floor and Christy kicks him again and  again -- -- but he will not release her ankle.   Each kick only inflames his drunken rage.
51) 5) text: And now they both try and stand. Neither one does it gracefully, neither one does it quickly, but Richmond gets there first and as soon as he is on his feet he begins to strangle her. Christy, gasping, terrified, she claws at his arms, her fingers scratching deeply -- -- but he will not let go. She twists and jerks her body -- -- no good -- he continues to tighten his grip on her throat -- -- and spreads his legs for better balance. The bed table, as Christy, beyond desperation reaches around for something, anything -- her fingers finally close on the letter opener and in one wild stroke, she slashes his right arm. Now he lets go.    And stares, stunned, at his bleeding arm. Then he crunches her flush in the   mouth, a brutal blow, and blood pours from her nose and   mouth and if she weren't so scared, maybe it would   have stopped her, but it doesn't -- because somehow she   manages to maintain balance -- -- and knees him all she has, in the nuts. It's over -- Richmond falls to the floor, helpless. lies on his back, holding his crotch. But it isn't over. Christy, blood pouring down her face, stands over him, the letter opener still tight in her hand. And in her eyes you can see it, the homicidal rage -- -- and she drops to her knees beside him -- -- and Richmond can only lie there, watching her -- -- and she gets a better grip on the letter opener -- -- and Richmond still only lies there, watching her --
53) 0) text: Christy, fighting for another instant of life -- -- no chance -- -- the two bullets have shattered her brain, her eyes roll up into her head, the letter opener drops to the rug, she collapses like a rag doll -- -- and blood is everywhere.
57) 18) text: Okay -- here's what happened tonight -- poor Christy came home alone and interrupted a burglary. That sound logical?
60) 0) text: A clock on the side table beside the three clickers. There is the sound of a VACUUM -- it's later now. The place is incredibly changed. Christy is lying as before -- except now she is fully dressed. The bed has been made with clean sheets. There is a large black garbage bag that Collin shoves the sheets in, dumps in Christy's jewelry. Burton is VACUUMING the rug. Richmond is visible, still in terrible shape, finishing putting his clothes on in the open master bedroom. Everyone wears gloves. Everything that is incriminating is gone --
70) 0) text: Luther, in the bedroom, moving to the nightstand, carrying his backpack -- -- he slows as he circles the body of Christy Sullivan, looks sadly down at her, continues on as we MOVE TO...
119) 0) text: Christy Sullivan's body. We're back in the master bedroom but now there is a lot of police activity -- people work around the corpse. The place is covered with black fingerprint powder.
127) 0) text: An old man silently weeping. This is WALTER SULLIVAN, one of the giants of the era. self-made billionaire. Remarkably, the man has few enemies. At 80, his body may be betraying him -- he was once handsome -- but his mind is that of a young man. We've seen him before -- in the wedding picture on the wall of his mansion. With his young bride Christy. He is with her again now, at the morgue. A sheet covers her body. The toe tag is visible. Walter, shattered and desolate, stares at her once joyous face. PULL BACK to reveal --
138) 6) text: Kate sits down hard. Trying for control.      Entering a nightmare. She stares at the paper. The front page. Pictures of the mansion, of Walter smiling on his wedding day, of Christy. But Kate's eyes keep coming back to the smaller headline: Jewel Thief Sought