2) 0) text: A nice working class part of town. Nothing fancy here but there's a pleasant feel. The streets are clean, the houses neat and well tended. Luther, carrying his sketchbook, walks along. It's afternoon now. Up ahead is a local bar: RED'S.
3) 0) text: Luther walks in. Nothing fancy here. Strictly working class. And relatively empty. An overweight bald man Luther's age works behind the bar. This is RED. They are good enough friends not to ask each other questions.
3) 2) text: Redhead.
3) 3) dialog: Luther. (as Luther hands him a videotape)
7) 0) text: Evening now. Table set for one. A single candle. Beside the candle is Luther's sketch pad. Now Luther himself moves INTO VIEW, carrying a tray. He puts it down. A gorgeous omelet is on a fine china plate, parsley sprinkled neatly on top. An elegant green salad is on another plate, covered with thinly sliced parmesan cheese. An expensive water pitcher, a lovely glass. Clearly, a great deal of thought has gone into dinner. Luther lights the single candle. We are now aware of a photograph nearby. The picture is old. A pretty little girl stands in the center, smiling. Her mother stands alongside, smiling too. A man is with them, looking at them happily. It's Luther. When he was young. Luther studies the photo a moment.    Then he turns, look out the window.
8) 0) text: In the moonlight -- it looks exactly like his drawing. But no drawing could convey the size of the place -- we are looking at ten thousand square feet. Wealth and power. We're in rolling hill country.     The mansion is dark. Totally deserted. Silence. Now a sound - TIRES ON GRAVEL. A car comes rolling INTO VIEW. The motor of the car has been turned off. The lights of the car have been turned off. The car slides to a stop. Again, silence... HOLD ON mansion, a couple of hundred yards away.     Ther is a small field between the car and the estate.     Now
12) 0) text: The infrared SECURITY DETECTOR -- it immediately starts to BEEP and you can see the seconds being counted down: forty, thirty-nine, thirty --
27) 0) text: They are staring at each other. We have seen the woman already -- she's CHRISTY SULLIVAN. But the pictures in the corridor did not do her justice. This is a fabulous-looking twenty-five-year-old woman. Long, golden hair, a round face that sets off her deep blue eyes, a tanned, curving body. A bare-shouldered black dress. An expensive necklace. One more thing:   she is staggering drunk. The man is ALAN RICHMOND, wealthy, successful, handsome and fit. Mid-forties. He wears an elegantly-cut suit. Two additional points: (1) Richmond is clearly not the husband in the wedding photo. (2) He is drunker than she is.
51) 5) text: And now they both try and stand. Neither one does it gracefully, neither one does it quickly, but Richmond gets there first and as soon as he is on his feet he begins to strangle her. Christy, gasping, terrified, she claws at his arms, her fingers scratching deeply -- -- but he will not let go. She twists and jerks her body -- -- no good -- he continues to tighten his grip on her throat -- -- and spreads his legs for better balance. The bed table, as Christy, beyond desperation reaches around for something, anything -- her fingers finally close on the letter opener and in one wild stroke, she slashes his right arm. Now he lets go.    And stares, stunned, at his bleeding arm. Then he crunches her flush in the   mouth, a brutal blow, and blood pours from her nose and   mouth and if she weren't so scared, maybe it would   have stopped her, but it doesn't -- because somehow she   manages to maintain balance -- -- and knees him all she has, in the nuts. It's over -- Richmond falls to the floor, helpless. lies on his back, holding his crotch. But it isn't over. Christy, blood pouring down her face, stands over him, the letter opener still tight in her hand. And in her eyes you can see it, the homicidal rage -- -- and she drops to her knees beside him -- -- and Richmond can only lie there, watching her -- -- and she gets a better grip on the letter opener -- -- and Richmond still only lies there, watching her --
52) 0) text: Luther, in SLOW MOTION and this is what he does -- -- he reels back in the chair, eyes wide, jaw slack, mouth open -- -- this is a man who has seen everything but nothing has prepared him for this -- -- his arms flop over the arms of the chair, his body loses strength, he tries to look away, can't -- -- and this is what he sees --
53) 0) text: Christy, fighting for another instant of life -- -- no chance -- -- the two bullets have shattered her brain, her eyes roll up into her head, the letter opener drops to the rug, she collapses like a rag doll -- -- and blood is everywhere.
55) 0) text: The two well-dressed men in business suits. BILL BURTON is the more formidable. Mid-40s, he looks like a retired tight end. No body fat. Intimidating. But right now he is shaking and he can't stop it. He puts his gun away, goes to Richmond.
60) 0) text: A clock on the side table beside the three clickers. There is the sound of a VACUUM -- it's later now. The place is incredibly changed. Christy is lying as before -- except now she is fully dressed. The bed has been made with clean sheets. There is a large black garbage bag that Collin shoves the sheets in, dumps in Christy's jewelry. Burton is VACUUMING the rug. Richmond is visible, still in terrible shape, finishing putting his clothes on in the open master bedroom. Everyone wears gloves. Everything that is incriminating is gone --
96) 0) text: Luther, bursting out of the underbrush -- -- up ahead is the most dangerous place for him -- -- one hundred yards of open field.   He runs on.
97) 2) text: The world ahead of them as they see it: their FIELD OF VISION now resembles a rough computer game. THERMAL IMAGES register in red, everything else is dark green.
116) 0) text: Red, alone in his empty bar, sipping coffee.    It's befo the place has opened for the day. Luther comes in the back.    Red slides the videocassette over, Luther pockets it.
116) 1) dialog: Jordan beat us at the buzzer.
119) 0) text: Christy Sullivan's body. We're back in the master bedroom but now there is a lot of police activity -- people work around the corpse. The place is covered with black fingerprint powder.
122) 0) text: A high rise. It's in a different part of Washington than we've seen thus far. Afternoon now. An old salesman type is trudging into the building. He's slumped, carries heavy salesman type suitcases. He wears a battered hat. As he goes inside --
126) 0) text: -- the TV ON in the living room as he slides the video cassette Red gave him into his machine. Everything has been put away. The TV as Michael Jordan is introduced to the crowd -- Luther sits, nurses a beer, watches intently...
127) 0) text: An old man silently weeping. This is WALTER SULLIVAN, one of the giants of the era. self-made billionaire. Remarkably, the man has few enemies. At 80, his body may be betraying him -- he was once handsome -- but his mind is that of a young man. We've seen him before -- in the wedding picture on the wall of his mansion. With his young bride Christy. He is with her again now, at the morgue. A sheet covers her body. The toe tag is visible. Walter, shattered and desolate, stares at her once joyous face. PULL BACK to reveal --
129) 38) text: I've tried for eighty years to live a decent life. I've given a billion dollars to charity. If this comes to trial, none of that will be remembered -- I'll just go out as the joke of the world. Seth.   He closes his notebook.
140) 11) text: Now you'll want different looks, and matching international driver's licenses -- I'll throw in some dummy credit cards, seeing it's you. How the rugs I made you holding up?
150) 0) text: El Greco. The usual group has gathered, sketching away. Luther is deeply engrossed in his labors. Seth enters the room, casually taking it all in. He approaches the group, ends up behind Luther who is intent on getting the hands right.
178) 0) text: Wired. Pacing across her small apartment, back and forth, back and forth.
182) 0) text: -- on what's going to be a gorgeous day. Burton, yawning, blowing into a steaming paper cup of coffee. Collin, wide awake, moves alongside. Collin is carrying a rifle. -- we are at a government firing range. Collin squints into the morning sun. Burton, putting down the coffee cup, picking up a pair of binoculars. Burton and Collin staring out -- -- A distant target is being raised. Collin.   He strokes the barrel of his high-powered rifle
187) 0) text: McCarty.   Beside him is a leather case.     He opens it. The case. A very high-powered rifle. McCarty begins to expertly assemble it, taut and businesslike.
204) 2) text: Fuck... -- And a goddamn WAITER has appeared and is walking out toward Kate. He is Asian and very young.
231) 0) text: -- McCarty, blinded as the red reflection hits his eyes but he FIRES.
232) 0) text: Luther and Kate as suddenly the umbrella at their table is severed and starts to topple.
238) 0) text: -- unmarked cars fill the street -- -- a hundred uniformed policemen charge -- -- MOTORCYCLES ROAR in from everywhere --
262) 0) text: The note that was sent to Russell and the Polaroid of the letter opener. PULL BACK to reveal -- The Polaroid and the note are on Richmond's desk. He studies them. Russell, Burton and Collin stand silently watching him, their hatred of each other clear. The smell of death's in the room.
267) 0) text: and now she's starting to get a little scared.