2) 25) dialog: Heil Hitler! He gets no response from Rommel,
2) 26) dialog: You wanted to see the interrogation reports on the American prisoners captured in our victory at Kasserine, Field Marshal. (he bands the briefcase to Rommel's aide) They are not very good soldiers, these Americans. Unimpressed, Rommel is incisive, thoughtful. He gives the Colonel a sharp giance. Cont.
2) 29) dialog: One could say the same, sir, for their leadership. Rommel eyes the Colonel evenly. He's not that easily flattered. .
2) 31) dialog: (undaunted, he smiles) British commanders and American troops. They had the worst of everything!
2) 33) dialog: In any case, we have met the Americans for the first time and defeated them... Personally, I feel extremely optimistic. Rommel eyes him with dry disdain.
13) 1) dialog: 
24) 1) text: Colonel (now full Colonel) Davenport moves across the room toward Patton, pre-empting the General's attention.
31) 0) text: A British Colonel stands before the desk of Montgomery, who refers sternly to a piece of paper in his hand.
39) 0) text: A column of tanks is halted beside the river. The COLONEL in command, his helmet off, is fuming over a map with a couple of staff officers.
39) 2) dialog: How the hell did he get over there?
39) 5) dialog: 
39) 6) dialog: Looking for a place to ford, General. I sent out a patrol to reconnoiter.
39) 9) dialog: 
39) 10) dialog: (quaking) Yes, sirl
41) 0) text: DaY In the tiny room there are Patton and Stiller; a shattere LISUTENANT COLONEL, who is battalion commander; a Major, who is his executive; and a communications SERGEANT. Patton is taking the hide off the Lieutenant Colonel, who is trying to defend himself.
91) 0) text: The COLONEL commanding an armored regiment is watching fr his radio-equipped jeep as MPs sort out the traffic. Patton drives up, and the Colonel gets out of his jeep wi a piece of paper, comes over to Patton and salutes. The sound of artillery fire can be heard.
91) 1) dialog: (indicating message in his hand) Sir, General McAuliffe's turned down a German surrender demand!.... You know what he said?