3) 3) text: The caravan comes to a halt before the schoolhouse where a single SENTRY stands sloppily at his post. Patton steps over the side of his car, followed by a Lieutenant and a Captain. Patton regards the town square and the scruffy-looking soldiers lounging in it, his face frozen in the same expression as when it was blown by the wind. PATTON'S P.O.V. Groups of unshaven GIs, wearing sweaters and field Jacket yawning and indescribably slack, pyll themselves to their feet. Most of them manage a ragged series of salutes. Others simply watch with mild curiosity.
10) 0) text: Camera follows Patton in f.g. as, in going from squad room to town square, he happens to pass a row of canvas stalls, followed by Jenson, Seated in each stall is a soldier, revealed from the neck up. Patton speaks curtly as he passes the first stall. The soldier inside is hat- less.
12) 23) text: Revealing a jeep as it drives up alongside the soldier shaving. Beside the SERGEANT DRIVER (Bradley's driver) the jeep contains a three-star and a two-star general -- Cont. 23 60 Cont. Patton and Bradley. The shaving soldier gulps, faced suddenly with all that brass. He shifts his razor awkwardly, manages a salute.
30) 29) dialog: (disgustedly) Wonder what silly sonuvabitch is in charge of this operation!
38) 5) text: The silence is shattered by the sharp clatter of the moto eycle's engine. Shooting down the line of riflemen, we can see their heads turn as the word to hold fire is passed toward camera. But a soldier in f.g. who has not yet got the word, sees the approaching German cyclist. He raises his rifle and fires.
42) 2) dialog: (weakly) In the chest, sir.
44) 2) dialog: Hello, there, Monty.
44) 5) dialog: Fifty kilometers to Messina, Monty! He waves back, smiling and nodding.
46) 1) dialog: Here's the man you're looking for, Mr. Doyle. He's my buddy and he was there! Saw the whole thing! (to a quiet, diffident man having a drink with another G1) Go on -- tell him, Charlie!
46) 3) dialog: (before he can answer Saw it? He was right in the next bed! Patton took ons look at this GI, hauled off and hit him across the face! (jumping around as he acts it out) Then he grabs him and kicks hin. But hard. Knocked him ass over teakettle. :
46) 4) dialog: (getting his oar in) All the time he was calling him every dirty name in the book.
46) 6) dialog: No -- Charlie told us.
46) 7) dialog: Then he took out his guns and threatened to shoot this guy! Cont. 82 A-249 Cont.
46) 9) dialog: ( jumping in) Would I lie to you?
46) 11) dialog: They oughta give him a medical discharge. He's mentally deranged.
46) 12) dialog: When you've got Patton, who needs Hitler?
46) 14) dialog: If he wants to kick me in the ass a few times, it's all right with me. I think Patton'll get me home safe.
46) 15) dialog: (impatiently) He'll get you home in a box!
46) 16) dialog: (the broken record) If you ask ms, they oughta give him e medical discharge.
46) 17) dialog: Who the hell asked you? You weren't even there! 250 pe PATTON'S PALAZZO HEADQUARTERS IN PALERMO - MED. SH A . In f.g. Patton sits slumped in a huge chair, his face clouded in deep depression. His very motionlessness is in stark contrast to his usual kinetic energy. One lifeless hand, holding a letter, rests in his lap. Cont.
57) 30) text: In the greatest amphibious operation ever attempted, a predawn naval bombardment prepares’ the way for Allied soldiers to assault the Normandy beaches and claw out a desperate foothole on the continent of Europe. oe SERIES OF CUTS OF NAVAL SHIPS The great armada lies off’ the coast of Normandy, its guns and rockets blasting the beaches. From the troop transports landing craft are lowered to the sea, and men clamber down the cargo nets to board them.
64) 4) text: General Patton -- ! Patton looks up, sees Bradley. With a nod to the marching soldiers, he moves out to join Bradley, camera following him to Bradley's jeep.
68) 0) text: Patton's armor roars past as a column of German soldiers, hands behind their necks, trudge in the opposite directio
82) 3) text: Vehicles and field pieces are blasted and charred. And everywhere -- in the vehicles, in the ditch, in the field beside it -- are the corpses of German soldiers. Dead men sit in trucks as if still driving. Wounded men, now dead, spill crazily out of an ambulance. A man sits upright at his field piece as though asleep.
82) 22) text: These shots show French troops entering Paris, with the wildly cheering populace out to greet them. The Parisians swarm all over the soldiers, kissing them, giving them food and wine, etc. Scenes of absolute triumph and unrestrained joy.
90) 1) text: Shots of the soldiers manning this equipment -- the men i the_trucks, on the self-propelled guns, in the armored personnel carriers. They are young -- but they have the look of veteran soldiers.
90) 4) text: Faces of individual GIs: A tank commander in his turret, face seared by the icy wind. A soldier in a 2-1/2 ton truck, gouging frozen K ration out of a tin with a trench knife. Infantrymen marching against the wintry blast. 66 ea 4a5 426 427 428 429 136