0) 567) dialog: There's no more craftsmanship left in this country. I bought that TV there... (continued ) She gestures at TV: A Situation Comedy is playing.
0) 568) dialog: (continued ) «+. from R.C.A. because I wanted to "Buy American" during the war and all, but it broke down three weeks after I got it and when the R.C.A. man came to fix it he said all the parts were made in Japan anyway. So next time I'm going to buy one straight from Japan. 96. We see Johnny's face: he is bored, listless, as uneasy as Charlie was at the outset of the picture. He is an outsider in his own home. Charlie's heart goes out to Johnny. He remembers the man he once was. They look at each other a moment, then quickly turn away like children caught in the contempla~ tion of a crime. The Sister, Brother-in=law and Betty Ann, for their part, are not knowingly obnoxious. They love Johnny and think they are doing the best thing for him by helping "cheer him up."
0) 571) dialog: (to Johnny) See? Some people have some sense.
0) 574) dialog: {to Johnny) You remember Sammy Visser, don't you?
0) 576) dialog: Of course you do. Sammy Visser. He played tackle for the Dallas Cowboys. He went to El Paso High School. 97.
0) 583) dialog: We start Monday. I got everything all picked out and labeled... (looking at Johnny) Johnny's going to help me with the sale, and John Jr.'s going to tack up all the signs...
0) 585) dialog: Of course, Suzy. Suzy's going to help the customers. We got to make the signs yet. Judy Danoff made $40 on her sale last week and she just had a bunch of junk. 98. Chariie looks deeply into Johnny's blank face. Deep inside Johnny's head wheels are slowly turning. Rane politely cuts into the conversation:
0) 605) dialog: (her voice rising) Where are you going, John?
0) 607) dialog: (near hysterical) No, no! You can't go with that madman! He'il get you killed for surel I won't lose you again, Johnny! Johnny walks toward the front door. Betty Ann runs to him and grabs him desperately.
0) 608) dialog: No! He's crazy! You've got to stay here. Think of the kids! We don't want no hero in this house! We want youl Johnny grabs Betty Ann by the shoulders and shakes her. This not having any effect, he slaps her. 101.