0) 1) dialog: He's doing all right, I think. He should get out more often. (MORE )
0) 3) dialog: When he doesn't have anything to do he just sits all day. I've seen him spend an hour making the bed.
0) 5) dialog: As long as he needs me. A couple more weeks, a month if necessary. I just can't let him handle this ail alone.
0) 7) dialog: Quite well, actually. Cliff thinks Charlie's quite a hero.
0) 9) dialog: Sometime in the fall. I'm not sure yet. There's no need to rush.
0) 27) dialog: Corpus ain't part of Texas anyway. Janet is referring to a private joke between Cliff and Mark, who respond with short chuckles. They don't mean to cut Charlie out of their little jokes «= they just don't know how to get him in.
0) 29) dialog: Nothing succeeds like succession. They all giggle again. There's a guest for dinner all right, but it isn't clirr ~~ it's Charlie. It's as if he inadvertently walked in on somebody else's family.
0) 71) dialog: How was Dr. Maxwell today?
0) 73) dialog: You know, I thought I'd never have you back in bed again.
0) 75) dialog: You'll be all right, won't you, darling?
0) 77) dialog: It's too bad it couldn't be different,
0) 79) dialog: I know. Life can be so hard sometimes. She runs her hand up and down his leg underneath the covers. 2l.
0) 80) dialog: (sexily) You wanna try it, huh?
0) 82) dialog: I understand, baby.
0) 84) dialog: Oh.
0) 86) dialog: I understand, darling.
0) 88) dialog: It's good.
0) 90) dialog: It's good enough.
0) 92) dialog: But what about you. Charlie. It should be good for you, too.
0) 94) dialog: Oh, Charlie, Charlie. She embraces him, TIMECUT TO: LATER THAT NIGHT. The room is dark, Char- lie, unable to sleep, gets out of bed and begins dressing CUT TO EXT. DRIVE-IN THEATER, Rane's big red Caddy (top up) pulls into an outdoor theater. The marquee advertises: "DEEP THROAT--ADULTS ONLY." cUT TO: Rane sits behind the wheel watching the film. The light from the screen is reflected on his face. MOANS and GROANS are heard OFF SCREEN. He takes another hit from his quart of J&B. Turning to his left, Rane looks into the cars parked nearby. He sees DARK FORMS engaged in various stages of necking and petting. Feeling someone staring at him, he turns and looks to his left: there, two cars away, sits a YOUNG MAN hunched in the front seat with a beer can in his hand. The young punk's face is gaunt and drained of color. He wears a green plaid western shirt and Army jacket. Those who have read another script of mine titled Taxi-Driver will recognize this young man. His name ts Travis Bickle, Travis and Rane stare at each other for a moment: two fuses slowly burning down. cur TO: 236