0) 551) dialog: Yeah. Then swallows it.
0) 559) dialog: What's that, Pop? What did you say?
0) 562) dialog: "They're all made" what, Pop?
0) 564) dialog: (confused) What is, the atomic bombs?
0) 575) dialog: (uneasy) No... not exactly.
0) 581) text: Our old TV is still good. Charlie looks at Johnny; he looks like he's going to puke JOHN JR. I read someplace that the only good things Americans still make are can openers.
0) 587) dialog: Yeah, Charlie?
0) 589) dialog: Sure. Charlie gets up and walks toward the bedroom. Stepping over some legs, Johnny follows him. Johnny's sister whispers to Betty Ann as they exit:
0) 592) dialog: (smiles) Hiya, Charlie.
0) 594) dialog: You know. Been havin' some trouble.
0) 596) dialog: Sure is, Charlie. Sometimes I... (pause) You know there was so much stuff I wanted to talk to you about then. But I can't remember it now.
0) 598) dialog: I just wanted to say I was never a hero like you, Rane.
0) 600) dialog: Yeah, read it in the papers. That's too bad. I was looking forward to meeting your wife. What was her name, Janet?
0) 602) dialog: Oh, Jesus, Charlie. Oh, I don't know. God, I can't. My wife, the kids. I gotta take care of them. What will Betty Ann think? Rane puts both his hands on Johnny's shoulders and stares at him compassionately:
0) 604) dialog: Yeah. Let's tear some ass. 100. Johnny and Charlie walk out of John Jr.'s bedroom and slip into the MASTER BEDROOM. They hear the VOICES from the living room as they move from one bedroom to the other. Johnny closes the door to the MASTER BEDROOM and the VOICES cease. All is quiet. Johnny opens the closet and pulls out his freshly-pressed sky=-blue AF Lt.'s uniform. He places it carefully across the bed. He bends down to the floor of the closet, rummages through some boxes and comes up with his service .45 automatic and a clip. He places these on the bed beside the uniform. TIMECUT: Charlie and Johnny, standing tall in their uniforms, walk out of the bedroom toward the LIVING ROOM. Johnny has the .45 tucked in his waistband. Betty Ann looks up in horror as she sees them coming.
0) 606) dialog: I'm going out with Charlie for a while. I'll be back in a couple hours. Betty Ann knows what's happening:
0) 609) dialog: Betty Ann! (she settles down) Betty Ann. Listen, {a beat) Be real Army for me, huh? Huh? Betty Ann says nothing. Looking back into the living room, Johnny waves goodbye to his father:
0) 610) dialog: So long, Pop. Johnny's father returns the wave.
0) 624) text: Johnny zips the duffle bag and hefts it. Charlie pulls out the .357 Magnum and motions for Johnny to load it for him. Johnny loads the Magnum revolver and Charlie tucks it into his waistband behind his back. Adjusting himself, Charlie closes the trunk.
0) 626) dialog: Start the ball rollin’, Colonel. They slowly walk toward the lighted brothel. Approaching the brothel, they split up. Charlie, crouch~ ing over, sneaks around the rear of the building. Johnny, swinging his duffle bag, saunters down the side- walk and walks up the steps to the brothel. He is greeted by the MADAM inside the door.
0) 628) dialog: Howdy, mafam. What's happening? They told me this was a good place for a soldier to have a good time.
0) 630) dialog: I want a nice pretty young lady. (forms outline with hands) Lindo. Very lindo.
0) 633) dialog: How much?
0) 635) dialog: Si. I like to go first-class. Johnny pulls out thirty dollars and gives it to the Madam Candy stands, looks at Johnny and says:
0) 638) dialog: (to Candy) No rooms here?
0) 645) dialog: Sure am. Johnny follows Candy down the hallway. She enters a small room and he follows. ‘ INSIDE the ROOM, Candy closes the door behind them. Johnny sits on the edge of the bed, placing the duffle bag at his feet.
0) 646) dialog: Boy, am I tired, honey. CUT TO: REAR OF BROTHEL. A young MEXICAN-AMERICAN stands guard by a rear stairway. Setting his shotgun down, Rane walks over to the Mexican. Before the Mexican can reach for his small revolver, Charlie claps his hand.
0) 651) dialog: I ain't got much energy left, baby. You're going to have to help me. With a sigh of resignation, Candy walks over to the bed and begins unbuttoning Johnny's AF shirt. Johnny's ears are perked, listening for even the slightest sound. CUT TO: EXT. STAIRWAY. Carrying the Browning shotgun, Rane stealthily walks up the rear stairs. The two nickel-plated .45s in his waistband glimmer in the moonlight. Reaching the top of the stairs, Charlie peeks into the corridor. It is empty. He enters. Rane tiptoes down the carpeted corridor, listening and locking as he goes. cuT TO: CANDY'S ROOM. Candy, having removed Johnny's shirt and undershirt, unties his shoes and pulls them off. The socks follow. Listening closely, Johnny hears Charlie's footsteps comin down the hall. He is all ears now. As Candy reaches for Johnny's belt buckle his hand drops down toward his duffle bag, revealing the guns. Rane's FOOTSTEPS tiptoe down the hall. Candy loosens Johnny's belt. She puts her hand in his waistband.
0) 652) text: CU: Johnny's hand slips into the duffle bag and clasps the handle of the .45, CUT TO: CORRIDOR. Charlie looks through an ajar door: he sees the patched suede boots sitting on the floor. Hoisting the huge Browning B-SS waist level, he poises himself and slowly kicks the door open. The door slowly opens: inside, the Mexican lies rutting with a whore. Rane waits for the Mexican to notice him. The Mexican's eyes look up and recognize Charlie. Rane says softly:
0) 655) dialog: Bitch! Johnny reaches into the duffle bag with his other hand and pulls out the sawed-off pump shotgun. Candy SCREAMS. Carrying a gun in each hand, Johnny bursts out of Candy's room and jumps into the CORRIDOR. He arrives in time to see Charlie chucking down the Browning B-SS and pulling one of the nickel-plated .45s from his waistband. Their eyes meet. The brothel is filled with the sounds of SCREAMING and PANIC. No more "La Golondrina." 109.
0) 657) dialog: Charlie! Johnny tucks his .45 into his waist and they each move toward a door. A door opens: a drunken T-Bird is looking up from the bottle-strewm card table in bewilderment. Melio scrambles for a gun. The Second Texan holds a long knife.
0) 660) dialog: Death! Da Nang! Hanoi! They jump into the bannister opening and rapidly dis- charge their automatics down the stairs. A Mexican falls at the foot of the stairs. Charlie catches another bullet in the chest and falls down the stairs. Johnny calls to him as he falls:
0) 661) dialog: Charlie! Charlie! ill. Johnny is hit in the upper shoulder with a .38. He is stopped but for a second, then comes back firing. An- other Mexican falls. Only one remains. Blood flows down Johnny's right breast. Charlie yanks the 357 out of his back, pulis himself up on the bannister and blasts the remaining Mex across the blood-spattered room. Simultaneously, Charlie catches a slug in his throat. Trying to speak, he gurgles blood and dies. Though Charlie's killer is already dead, Johnny plugs him again. And again. There are no more men at the foot of the stairs. Only bloody bodies, scared whores and a discarded guitar. The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS up the stairs from Charlie's dead body to Johnny still standing at the top of the stairs. He stands bareback in bare feet, his belt hanging loose. Blood covers his right breast and left forearm. Con- torted bodies lie on the floor behind him. There is a .45 in his hand. He is SCREAMING at the top of his lungs. His gun is empty but Johnny cannot stop firing it. His finger manickly pulls the trigger: CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK. The image FREEZE FRAME. SOUND abruptly HALTS. Johnny is caught mid-trigger pull, his mouth frozen open in a never-ending scream, Keyed~up, ready to go. A force in motion, unable to stop. Pure energy. The FREEZE FRAME HOLDS as we hear only the SOUND of ROLLING THUNDER.