0) 0) dialog: How has he been, Janet?
0) 4) dialog: That's not too unusual. He has to make the transition at his own speed. (a beat) How much longer will you be living here? Janet is a handsome but somewhat bland woman. Ali her instincts are kind and generous but right now she's trying to juggle two lives simultaneously.
0) 6) dialog: How do Charlie and Cliff get along?
0) 8) dialog: He is. (a beat) When will you and Cliff be getting married?
0) 10) dialog: We'll have to have a long talk about this in a couple days. There'll have to be some sort of statement to the press. Everybody's interested in Charlie. (excusing himself) I've got to run. I'll just say goodbye to Charlie. Maxwell gives Janet a polite kiss and walks out back, 12. Maxwell walks across EXT. BACKYARD toward the barn where Charlie is standing. Rane is poking around in the dirt with his foot. He turns as he hears Maxwell walking toward him:
0) 12) dialog: I've got to keep moving, Rane. Don't forget the billboard thing in the morning and we have a meeting after that.
0) 14) dialog: (touches his chest) You still having the pain here?
0) 16) dialog: (to Mark) Gonna throw some football, Mark?
0) 18) dialog: You don't have to have seasons for everything.
0) 21) dialog: (excusing self) See you later. Mark hurls the football awkwardly at his father. Mark isn't much of a Quarterback and the ball wobbles in Rane's general direction -- but then Charlie isn't much of an End either, and he stabs at the football like a man catching flies. 13. After Maxwell exits, Rane, holding the football, stands and looks at his son, not quite knowing what to do next. cur To: 14.
0) 39) dialog: Seven years is a long time. I'd be happy if I knew which shoe went where.
0) 41) dialog: I'm supposed to be obvious, Rane. So you can see it. Because in the end only you can help yourself.
0) 44) dialog: Why?
0) 46) dialog: A lot of people think the war was immoral. Do you think that, Charlie?
0) 48) dialog: Maybe it's sex. Maybe sex is the way out.
0) 50) dialog: Has the sex changed?
0) 52) dialog: How is it?
0) 54) dialog: That's not too unusual. Sometimes this can go on for six months or more. 18.
0) 56) dialog: What was it about?
0) 58) dialog: How did you know it was Miss Tammy?
0) 60) dialog: How did you know it was Miss Tammy?
0) 62) dialog: Do you like her singing? 19.
0) 64) dialog: Did you tell Janet about the dream?
0) 66) dialog: Why not?
0) 68) dialog: Why not?
0) 141) dialog: Charlie, can you hear me? Can you hear me? The doctor looks sharply at Maxwell but Maxwell's return glance indicates he feels he must continue.
0) 142) dialog: Can you hear me, Charlie? This is very important. Can you tell us anything? Who were they? With great effort, Rane shakes his head "no" and sinks back to the pillow. The screen goes OUT OF FOCUS and slowly to BLACK.
0) 146) dialog: (reassuring) Youtre going to be all right, Charlie. The doctors say everything's going to be all right. Rane smiles weakly. A newspaper on Rane'ts bedstand proclaims: "RANE TO RECOV MAXWELL . I guess I should have known all along. Nothing could ever stop you. (pause) I hate to go through this again, but we have to. (gesturing) This is Special Investigator Tom Pesterhof from the FBI. He's here to help us. Festerhof draws near the bed:
0) 150) dialog: Youtve got to keep trying to remember. Something has to come -back, -
0) 153) dialog: (reassuring) All right, Charlie, it's all right. (to Festerhof) Maybe you should go now. Festerhof excuses himself and exits.
0) 155) dialog: (returns smile) I'm fine, Charlie. is there anything I can do for you? Anything you would like to know?
0) 157) dialog: Yes.
0) 159) dialog: Small, quiet, dignified. The Secretary of Defense was there. Dr. Kissinger. General Westmoreland, Abrams. Westmoreland wants to come back out and visit you. The President sent a telegram. Did you read it? Maxwell reaches for telegram on bedstand.
0) 161) dialog: It's very nice, Charlie. Two simple stones, It's in your family plot at Longworth.
0) 163) dialog: Oh yes, Charlie,
0) 165) dialog: Fresh flowers every day.
0) 167) dialog: Don't worry, Charlie. It's all been taken care of,
0) 188) dialog: You all ready to go home, Charlie?
0) 190) dialog: It may be kind of hectic.
0) 193) dialog: You're really getting good with that thing. Maxwell shakes out a cigarette and Charlie picks it up with his artificial hand, Rane places the cigarette in his mouth and Maxwell lights it for him.
0) 195) dialog: You've had plenty of time the last couple weeks to think things over. Has anything come back to you? Even the slightest detail? A color, a shape? The police are stymied, They need something to go on.
0) 198) dialog: Yeah, maybe it is. (a beat) Honestly, Charlie, I think you can cope with these things better than I can.
0) 204) dialog: (calling out) All right, men. You know the agreement. Only photographs. No questions. Rane poses for photographers and the cameras click away. After a moment, Maxwell thanks the newsmen and leads Rane to an awaiting Air Force car.
0) 205) dialog: (to photographers) Tomorrow, men, TIMECUT: Rane and Maxwell ride in the back seat of the AF car. A serviceman acts as chauffeur. Rane looks ahead with concern:
0) 207) dialog: I thought you'd want to stop at the cemetery a moment.
0) 209) dialog: You want me to stop over for a while?
0) 212) dialog: Well, okay. (to driver) Go to Lt. Col. Rane's home. TIMECUT: The AF car pulls up in front of Rane's home and Charlie gets out. Maxwell gets out to follow Rane but Rane waves him off. The AF chauffeur also gets out but Rane waves him back also. Charlie walks toward the front door. Maxwell and the chauffeur look at each other, shrug, and get back into the car. Once inside the INT. LIVING ROOM, Rane peeks through the front curtain to see 1f Maxwell has left yet. After a moment, the AF car drives away. Rane turns and walks directly through the living room. The room has been straightened and cleaned; there is a new carpet, but Rane doesn't even pause long enough to notice. Entering his CELLAR/WORKSHOP, Rane walks directly to his gun rack. He starts pulling guns out of the rack and placing them on a work table. - It is an impressive collection: 2 nickel-plated Coit Commander .45 automatics, a Smith and Wesson 357 Combat Magnum, a snub-nosed Colt Cobra .22 revolver, a Wincheste 12 gauge Super 6~shot pump shotgun, 2 Browning B-SS 12 gauge Double Barrel shotguns, plus clips and boxes and boxes of ammunition. With his good hand, Rane clamps the Winchester 6-shot into his workbench vice and proceeds to saw off the barrel. The barrel CLANGS to the cement floor. CU: lying on the floor, the sawed-off barrel looks like the leavings of a major amputation. Rane starts carrying his guns into the LIVING ROOM. TIMECUT: soon they are all spread on the sofa. Going into his BEDROOM, Charlie removes his suit coat and shirt. He removes his freshly pressed blue AF uniform out of the closet on a hanger and places it on the bed. Rane removes the medals from the uniform and places them on the bed beside it.