0) 117) text: He really doesn't have the choice whether to tell them where the money is hidden or not. He could not tell if he wanted to, He has lost his capacity to give in, As the Mexican's boots step toward Rane, we notice they are made from multi-colored suede patches. The Texans step aside as the Mexican pulls a gold butane lighter from his pocket. Igniting it, the Mexican runs the lighter up and down Charlie's cheek. Even though he is not tied or held down, Rane does not resist.
0) 120) dialog: Sheeit, that old boy is a tough un. (chortles) The Second Texan is obviously a low grade intelligence, The Mexican looks at hima moment. Thinking, the Mexican pulls out a cigarette and lights it with his lighter. Suddenly -- angry and exasperated =~ the Mexican chucks down his cigarette and lighter and grabs Rane by his brown velvet lapels,
0) 134) dialog: Yoaheah, Still the same plan.
0) 506) dialog: Chiquita banana, here I come! (chortles ) The Mexican lights up a cigarette with his butane lighter 87. There is laughter as the Continental pulls away from the curb, Rane turns his car around and follows them at a distance. Rane follows the Continental south through El Paso until it reaches the Stanton Street Bridge. Rane waits as the Continental passes through customs after a perfunctory look-through. Rane follows. The BORDER GUARD waves him over,
0) 643) dialog: Paso. Candy calls back to Johnny:
0) 659) dialog: Sheeit. Three successive blasts from Johnny's 12 gauge pump shotgun send the poker players flying in every direction. We notice a bit of T-Bird here, a bit of Melio (in orange pants) there. The bodies of a couple women join the melee. The Second Texan, SCREAMING, covered with blood and hold- ing his knife, charges toward Johnny. Another blast from the Winchester sends him spinning backwards. Rane pushes open his door and finds there an innocent American businessman cowering under the bed and a frightened whore cowering atop tt. Rane is too keyed up to stop now: he plugs them both with the .45, first the American, then the whore. Rane steps back into the corridor next to Johnny. There is the SOUND of running feet from the end of the cor- ridor. Charlie turns and fires, Candy's bloody body rolls down the carpet. There is a sharp RETORT from the opposite end of the corridor. Charlie grimaces. Blood spreads from a bullet wound in his side. Johnny wheels around and sees Big Ed standing behind Charlie with a smoking .38 in his hand. Big Ed is wearing his unbuttoned lime green Western shirt with the rhinestone wagon wheels on it. Two blasts from Johnny's shotgun send Big Ed bouncing on his butt down the hail. Johnny throws down the shotgun and pulls his .45, 110. One door remains unopened on the second floor. Johnny and Charlie approach it with their .45s drawn at arm's length. Two young half-naked Mexicans, one of them Big Ed's chauffeur, burst out of the room firing their revolvers. They are cut down in the crossfire of .45 slugs. Johnny eatches a surface wound in his right forearm. Johnny ducks down, crossing in front of the opening at th top of the stairs. A bullet flies past his head as he runs. He notices several Mexican thugs standing at the foot of the stairs out of the corner of his eyes. They have drawn guns. There is no immediate danger. Johnny and Charlie rest a moment, looking at each other across the bannister opening. It 1s possible for them to retreat out the back stairs, but they do not. Charlie drops his .45 and pulls a freshly loaded one from his waist. His shirt is soaked with blood. Johnny discharges the spent clip from his .45 and inserts a fresh one from his pocket. They look at each other a moment, deciding what to do. Charlie yells to Johnny in Vietnamese: Chung ta di di! Johnny replies: