28) 0) text: Sarah is bustling about, trying to service the start of the dinner rush.  In waitress parlance, she's 'in it'. She runs the gauntlet between tables, precariously balanc two full dinner plates on one arm and hand-carrying a third.  A customer tugs on her apron for attention and sh barely averts contributing the chili size to his wardrobe
28) 1) dialog: Honey, can I get that coffee now?
66) 4) text: A customer gestures for the bartender's attention.
66) 5) dialog: Hey, can we change this and catch the ball scores.
90) 4) text: REVERSE ANGLE - It is not Lt. Vukovich. Terminator sits motionless for a BEAT. Blue eyes so pure and deep.  The eyes of a saint, perhaps The .45 is out and cocked and AIMED DIRECTLY AT CAMERA, a in one motion. The bore seems enormous. BACK ON SARAH, over the gun barrel, her eyes go wide.  We a BEAT, like a frozen slice of nightmare. MEDIUM ON REESE as he whips the riot-gun to a hip-firing tion, his overcoat falling back with a snap.  HE FIRES. ON TERMINATOR, as the shotgun blast hits his arm and he F simultaneously.  Sarah screams as the .45 round blows stu out of the booth seat inches from her face.  Her hair is singed by burning gunpowder.  An involuntary cry is punch out of her by the double concussions. Reese is stroking up another shell as Terminator half-ris from booth. OVER REESE'S SHOULDER, as he fires, cocks the slide, fire again, advancing on Sarah's booth. Terminator is blown backward over the center divider, crashing through the glasses and pitchers of beer on the table opposite, and onto the floor. Sarah is screaming, scrunched down in the booth. Terminator is lying on his back at the feet of a table- full of drunk patrons. He has two rifled 12 gauge slugs in his chest and one in the arm. The bar customers are frozen in the weird tableau, coweri gaping. Sarah stops screaming. Reese stand motionless, gun aimed. In the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotg is abnormally loud. ON TERMINATOR, very still. Then he smoothly rolls to a crouch and slips the UZI mach pistol from beneath his overcoat, where it has been hang- ing on a shoulder strap. He doesn't seem too impaired as he swings around to fire. Reese rolls like a cat and comes up firing. A burst from the UZI rakes the bar where he stood. An orgy of shattering glass. Total pandemonium. SEVERAL ANGLES  as patrons of the bar run, scream or dive for cover, depending upon their level of intelligence. Reese slides through the glass to Sarah's booth and seize her wrists. ON TERMINATOR, kneeling amid the chaos, raising the UZI one-handed. Reese tugs viciously on Sarah's arm and she sprawls acros the booth seat a moment before the divider and seat cushi erupt with hits from the UZI. ANGLE ON A RUNNING PATRON as a burst of 9mm fire catches him in the chest.  He pitches into Sarah's booth, pinning her. Reese fires, ducks, fires again. Tables crash over. A window is blown out. A table candle rolls into a pool of high-proof alcohol behind the bar. It ignites with a WHOOSH. Reese feed two shells into the riot-gun. TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, an island of slow, precise movement amid the confusion.  He drops a spent clip.  Reaches for another with his bloody hand. MOVING WITH REESE as he vaults the row of booths and star firing.  At point blank range he unloads the shotgun into Terminator's belly.