42) 0) text: MUSIC BOOMS and masses of leotarded cellulite sway in clo F.G. as CAMERA DOLLIES along a row of panting, stretching women.  In deep B.G. Sarah slips in through the door and waits against the wall while the human dynamo, GINGER VEN leads the class energetically.  Ginger, Sarah's roommate, is a party-stopper.  Red-haired, athletic, sensuous.  She pretty enough when still, but stunning in motion.  And sh in motion. Ginger yells commands and cheerfully dives into contortio to the BEAT of a MOTOWN FAVORITE. MARCO, a handsome, well-defined guy wearing a tight STAFF T-shirt, strolls up for a drink at the water fountain nex to Sarah.
42) 5) dialog: ...and three aaand four!  And that's it ladies!  Now, didn't that feel good?
42) 7) dialog: Let's think positive or next time I'll play the FM version.
42) 8) text: Ginger walks over to Sarah as the class disperses.  Marco is leaning on the wall next to Sarah, who is enjoying the attention.
42) 10) text: Before Marco can reply, Ginger pulls the front of his gym shorts out and peers down.  She shakes her head.
42) 11) dialog: You're wasting your time, kiddo. Let's go.
43) 2) text: Ginger is adjusting her ever-present WALKMAN-TYPE CASSETT PLAYER at her hip.  She slips on the earphones as they wa along. Sarah feigns outrage.
43) 4) dialog: That guy's a jerk.  I did you a favor.
44) 0) text: SEVERAL ANGLES, on glistening arms, legs, torsos merging into bio-mechanical kinetic sculptures with the chrome-st levers and tubes.  The CRASH and SQUEAL of metal against metal. In F.G., two Conan-esque arms thrust upward, glistening. Ginger's boyfriend, MATT McCALLISTER, the assistant manag of the club, strains out his last reps, bench-pressing enormous weight on the Nautilus machine. Despite his imposing appearance, Matt is one of the warme people you'd ever want to meet. His face is contorted, muscles knotted for the last push. He heaves it up with a guttural cry. Lowering his weights with a CLANG, Matt lies panting, arm dangling at his side, eyes closed. A pair of female legs appear.
44) 1) dialog: What's this? Sleep therapy?
44) 3) dialog: (continuing) You think somebody's gonna do this for you?  Look at those shriveled bi's.  And you haven't worked lat's or ab's since Wednesday.
44) 5) dialog: (softening) Come here, wimp.
44) 10) text: Ginger pulls the pin on Mat's weights and re-inserts it beneath the entire stack, the maximum weight.
44) 11) dialog: Alright, warm-ups are over. Back to work, Bunky.
44) 12) text: Ginger readadjusts her headphones as the two girls walk a
45) 0) text: Sarah lurches away from the curb on her moped, almost spilling Ginger who is attempting to ride double.  They swing out onto a main thoroughfare and careen through the bumper-to-bumper traffic. Sarah maneuvers deftly though overloaded and unstable. Ginger doesn't know whether to laugh of scream at the near-misses. She does both.
46) 0) text: On a side street the girls pass an excavation site  betwe high-rises.  They pass OUT OF FRAME as CAMERA HOLDS on th construction area and Ginger's shrieks fade. In the F.G., under an overpass, Reese sits is a car watch the powerful machines moving earth. He's in a late-model non-descript GREY SEDAN, one of a ro of cars gathering dirt beside the construction site. Crab-armed back-hoes and massive caterpillars ROAR throug a curtain of dust, under intense floodlights.  A power-sh moves its great arm, lighting its own way with an arc-lig
54) 0) text: Sarah and Ginger are crammed into the tiny bathroom, becoming inextricably tangled in each other's cords as they blow-dry, curl hair, and apply make-up.  Ginger has her headphones inverted under her chin but in place, and is bouncing to music as she dries her hair.  She is wearing a short terry-cloth bathrobe that reveals the greater part of her legs.  Sarah is in a skirt and bra. The phone rings and Sarah goes out into the living room to get it.
54) 12) text: As Ginger approaches, Sarah hands her the receiver and goes into the bedroom.
54) 13) dialog: Hello?
55) 0) text: Ginger is still listening to Matt, nodding, as Sarah ente and starts holding the blouses against herself one by one for Ginger's inspection.
55) 2) dialog: (covering mouth- piece) Great.
55) 5) dialog: Great.
55) 7) dialog: (advisory tone) Alright, the beige one.
55) 9) dialog: (same advisory tone) Don't wear the beige one.
58) 0) text: Sarah poses with Ginger in front of the mirror.  They are dressed, made-up, hair-styled and READY.
58) 1) dialog: (studying their reflection) Better than mortal man deserves.
59) 2) text: Ginger enters, stopping beside their phone answering mach
59) 3) dialog: Not lately.  Did you check messages?
59) 8) dialog: (groaning) Totally nauseating.
59) 9) text: Sarah drapes the lizard across her shoulders where it sit contentedly as she looks for her purse.  Ginger has been rewinding the message tape.  She punches PLAY and a MALE VOICE is heard.
59) 12) dialog: That bum.  So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that...it's Friday night for crissakes.
59) 14) dialog: I'll break his kneecaps.
59) 19) dialog: (as Sarah exits) We will, kiddo.
63) 2) text: As the message plays, CAMERA DOLLIES OFF the phone machin and down the corridor of the dark apartment.  As the bedr door draws near, Ginger's recorded voice fades and is sup ceded by CRIES and MOANS.
64) 0) text: FULL SHOT, framed against the streetlit curtains, Ginger Matt from a beautiful tableau of lovemaking in silhouette Their perfect bodies glisten with backlight as they strai in passion. CLOSER - TIGHT TWO, revealing that Ginger is wearing her earphones.  Matt, without breaking rhythm, reaches out to the night table and thumbs the volume higher. Ginger cries out louder, apparently enjoying his sure tou on her volume control.
73) 0) text: PANAGLIDE WITH GINGER as she ties her terry-cloth robe an leaving Matt in a dead sleep, pads through the dark apart Down the hall, past the phone with Traxler's message. Through the dark living room. She has her Walkman in the pocket of her robe and bops to herself in the silent gloom as she enters the kitchen. When she opens the refrigerator to remove snack fixings, light briefly illuminates the kitchen and in that moment, SOMETHING MOVES in the F.G. TIGHT ON GINGER, MOVING WITH HER as she backs toward the counter with her arms full of snack stuff. A SUDDEN CRASH.  A flurry of motion behind her. She spins, dropping half her load. Ginger fumbles for the lightswitch. Revealing Pugsley, sitting there blinking innocently amon overturned spice bottles on the counter-top.
73) 1) dialog: Shoo.  Go on.  I'll make a belt out of you.
76) 0) text: Oblivious to the noise, Ginger croons in rock-and-roll ecstasy, singing to a celery stalk as if it were a micro- phone.
78) 0) text: DOLLY PRECEDING GINGER as she returns from the kitchen wi a plate full of celery stalks and a glass of milk.  CAMER passes the closed bedroom door and STOPS, as Ginger pause to set the plate on top of the glass, freeing one hand to open the door. AN EXPLOSION OF SPLINTERS in close F.G. as a shape smashe through the door right in front of her...Matt's body propelled halfway through the door by enormous force. Ginger shrieks and leaps back, flinging milk and all into the air. The door begins to open the pressure of Matt's body creates resistance. Ginger SCREAMS and back away. The door is wrenched open and Terminator steps through wi the massive .45 drawn. HANDHELD WITH GINGER, the walls blur by as she runs. TIGHT ON TERMINATOR as the pistol RISES INTO FRAME, align with his eyes.  BOOM! LOW FAST DOLLY WITH GINGER as the bullet punches into her shoulder, pitching her on her face outside the bathroom d LOW WIDE ANGLE as she crawls forward, gasping, drowning. The implacable figure looms behind her. Her expression is agony and reeling, nauseating terror. And incomprehension: Why am I suddenly dying? Her eyes roll, showing the whites, like a horse tethered a burning stable.
79) 0) text: Ginger scrabbles pathetically for a grip on the tile floo as she pulls herself into the bathroom. She clutches the rim of the toilet. LOW ANGLE PAST HER, ON TERMINATOR, as he stands behind he PAN UP, off her.  He takes aim. And empties the clip. He calmly reloads.
80) 4) text: Terminator turns abruptly back to Ginger's body.  He turn it over, assuring himself that she is dead.