44) 0) text: SEVERAL ANGLES, on glistening arms, legs, torsos merging into bio-mechanical kinetic sculptures with the chrome-st levers and tubes.  The CRASH and SQUEAL of metal against metal. In F.G., two Conan-esque arms thrust upward, glistening. Ginger's boyfriend, MATT McCALLISTER, the assistant manag of the club, strains out his last reps, bench-pressing enormous weight on the Nautilus machine. Despite his imposing appearance, Matt is one of the warme people you'd ever want to meet. His face is contorted, muscles knotted for the last push. He heaves it up with a guttural cry. Lowering his weights with a CLANG, Matt lies panting, arm dangling at his side, eyes closed. A pair of female legs appear.
44) 2) text: Matt opens his eyes.
44) 4) dialog: (smiling) Hello, sweetheart.  Had a rough day?
44) 8) text: Matt look backwards over the bench, and replies, upside-d
44) 9) dialog: (grinning broadly) Heeey!  It's my favorite Sarah.  Hi, babe.
44) 13) dialog: 'Bye beautiful.  You too, Ginger.
44) 14) text: Two weightlifters nearby look at each other, than at Matt
54) 3) text: Sarah cups her hand over the mouthpiece and calls out matter-of-factly:
54) 6) dialog: ...and then slowly pull your jeans off inch by inch and lick your belly in circles, further and further down... then I'll pull off your panties with my teeth...
54) 9) text: Silence.  Then Matt realizes to his horror who he's been talking to.
54) 10) dialog: Oh my God!  Sarah!  Oh, shit. Jesus, I'm sorry.  I thought you were...Can I talk to Ginger?
54) 14) dialog: First I'm gonna rip the buttons off your blouse...
55) 0) text: Ginger is still listening to Matt, nodding, as Sarah ente and starts holding the blouses against herself one by one for Ginger's inspection.
64) 0) text: FULL SHOT, framed against the streetlit curtains, Ginger Matt from a beautiful tableau of lovemaking in silhouette Their perfect bodies glisten with backlight as they strai in passion. CLOSER - TIGHT TWO, revealing that Ginger is wearing her earphones.  Matt, without breaking rhythm, reaches out to the night table and thumbs the volume higher. Ginger cries out louder, apparently enjoying his sure tou on her volume control.
73) 0) text: PANAGLIDE WITH GINGER as she ties her terry-cloth robe an leaving Matt in a dead sleep, pads through the dark apart Down the hall, past the phone with Traxler's message. Through the dark living room. She has her Walkman in the pocket of her robe and bops to herself in the silent gloom as she enters the kitchen. When she opens the refrigerator to remove snack fixings, light briefly illuminates the kitchen and in that moment, SOMETHING MOVES in the F.G. TIGHT ON GINGER, MOVING WITH HER as she backs toward the counter with her arms full of snack stuff. A SUDDEN CRASH.  A flurry of motion behind her. She spins, dropping half her load. Ginger fumbles for the lightswitch. Revealing Pugsley, sitting there blinking innocently amon overturned spice bottles on the counter-top.
74) 0) text: MEDIUM ON MATT, as rustling curtains play patterns of str light over his sleeping face. The sound of a faint breeze. In the B.G. is the balcony, empty.  The sliding door is o TIGHT ON MATT, as his eyes open at the sound of a quiet, repeated CLICKING. UP ANGLE - PAST MATT, as the five-inch blade of an indust razor-knife reaches full extension in Terminator's hand, right above him. It slashes viciously downward. Matt rolls and the pillow is SLIT OPEN where his throat h been.
74) 1) dialog: Whoah!
74) 2) text: Terminator catches him by the hair and slashed down again Matt grabs the wrist in both hands. The enormous muscles of his arms, which seem capable of b pressing a Chrysler, strain and knot against the pressure the killer's single arm... And still the blade moves closer to his throat. With a final heave Matt deflects the down-pressure sidewa and the blade snaps with a CLINK against the headboard. HANDHELD WITH MATT as he rolls off the bed, spins and sla his fists together into Terminator's temple.  He picks up brass deco lamp and brings it down with piledriver force. Unperturbed, Terminator knocks the lamp away and hurls Ma over the bed.
75) 0) text: Matt crashes through the glass doors and slams against th balcony railing.
77) 0) text: Matt heaves himself up, powerful body gleaming with sweat and hurls himself upon the intruder. The titans CRASH INTO A DRESSER, reducing it to kindling. Then into the closet door, EXPLODING THE FULL-LENGTH MIRR Terminator places one hand on either side of Matt's barre chest.  SINKS HIS FINGERS INTO THE FLESH.  An inhuman gri Matt is raised off the floor, contorted with agony, above the other's head.
78) 0) text: DOLLY PRECEDING GINGER as she returns from the kitchen wi a plate full of celery stalks and a glass of milk.  CAMER passes the closed bedroom door and STOPS, as Ginger pause to set the plate on top of the glass, freeing one hand to open the door. AN EXPLOSION OF SPLINTERS in close F.G. as a shape smashe through the door right in front of her...Matt's body propelled halfway through the door by enormous force. Ginger shrieks and leaps back, flinging milk and all into the air. The door begins to open the pressure of Matt's body creates resistance. Ginger SCREAMS and back away. The door is wrenched open and Terminator steps through wi the massive .45 drawn. HANDHELD WITH GINGER, the walls blur by as she runs. TIGHT ON TERMINATOR as the pistol RISES INTO FRAME, align with his eyes.  BOOM! LOW FAST DOLLY WITH GINGER as the bullet punches into her shoulder, pitching her on her face outside the bathroom d LOW WIDE ANGLE as she crawls forward, gasping, drowning. The implacable figure looms behind her. Her expression is agony and reeling, nauseating terror. And incomprehension: Why am I suddenly dying? Her eyes roll, showing the whites, like a horse tethered a burning stable.
155) 0) text: E.C.U. - TERMINATOR, in profile, showing his lacerated ey He is close to a mirror, practically touching it, staring intently. MACRO - X-ACTO KNIFE lying on the dresser.  Terminator's fingers lift it.  CAMERA TILTS TO FOLLOW as it rises to his face, holds TIGHT ON left eye. With a smooth motion the knife point enters the eyeball and cuts away the ruins sclera and cornea, as well as par of the damaged eyelids. He wipes with a rag to clear the electronic eye's vision. Revealing the faintly glowing lens mechanism, suspended i a chrome socket by tiny servos. The eye whirs quietly as it tracks. SEQUENCE OF SHOTS, showing various repairs. Terminator's right hand, its wrist SUTURED crudely, holds a needle and sewing thread and starts to work on abdomina wound out of frame below. He slips a glove over the damaged hand. A motoring cap over the blistered scalp. A fresh shirt to hide his body wounds. This is followed by a new overcoat. C.U. - TERMINATOR, contemplating his reflection in the mirror.  With the hat pulled down, the collar pulled up, and favoring his right profile he looks unhurt...though a bit gaunt and pale. A turn of his head brings the balefully glowing left eye in its metal socket into view. He slips on a pair of tight, wrap-around sunglasses. FULL SHOT as he goes to the bed and flips up the stained mattress.  He picks up the Remington 12 gauge, the AR-180 and the .38 off the springs and leaves by the fire escape