17) 0) text: The night's rain has given way to a typical L.A. morning of diffuse sunlight. MOVING WITH A GIRL on a MOPED as she zips through traffic SARAH CONNER is 19, small and delicate-featured.  Pretty a flawed, accessible way. She doesn't stop the party when she walks in, but you'd like to get to know her.  Her vul able quality masks a strength even she doesn't know exist Sarah maneuvers nimbly, apparently in a hurry.
18) 0) text: Sarah buzzes into the parking lot of Big Bob's Family Restaurant and chains the moped to the icon of Big Bob himself.  The fiberglass cherub holds up his mammoth hamburger in perpetual homage to whatever deity watches out for fat kids. Sarah removes a stack of college textbooks from the lugga carrier and tuns to go into the restaurant.
18) 1) dialog: (to Big Bob) Watch this for me, big buns.
19) 0) text: HIGH WIDE SHOT prominently featuring a VIDEO SURVEILLANCE CAMERA F.G. as Sarah enters below.  She passes under anot video eye as she crosses the main floor of the wholesomel appointed eatery.  Sarah goes through the swinging STAFF doors under a third camera.
20) 0) text: The office is closet-like, lit by the glow of several security monitors.  CHUCK BREEN, day manager, pimply and officious,watches Sarah in an overhead view of the servic corridor.  He punches a switch and reaches for a micropho on a studio gooseneck.
21) 0) text: Sarah glances up as Breen's voice rasps from a ceiling sp
21) 3) dialog: Yes, Chuck?
21) 8) dialog: Mission control to Chuck, come in...
21) 10) text: Sarah is undaunted.
21) 11) dialog: Aren't I worth waiting for?
21) 13) dialog: (grinning) I don't know.  I kinda had my heart set on being a cashier the rest of my life.
21) 15) dialog: Thanks, Chuck.  I need the money.  Can I still work the hours around my classes?
21) 16) text: Breen turns to punch up a display on the restaurant's small accounting computer.  Sarah looks over his shoulder as he modifies the week's schedule.
21) 18) dialog: Alright!
21) 20) dialog: It's not brain surgery, Chuck.
21) 23) dialog: I won't let the fat kid down.
22) 0) text: ANGLE - TIGHT ON LOCKER DOOR as it slams shut, revealing Sarah transformed into a "Bob's Girl". Her hair is in a bun. White blouse.  Short flared skirt and apron with a bow. She resembles a suburbanized peasant maid looking for a goat to milk. Sarah confronts her reflection in the mirror, pondering its absurdity. She pinches her sheeks. Smiles vacuously.
22) 1) dialog: Hi, I'm Sarah and I'll be you waitress. (pause) I'm so wholesome, I could puke.
28) 0) text: Sarah is bustling about, trying to service the start of the dinner rush.  In waitress parlance, she's 'in it'. She runs the gauntlet between tables, precariously balanc two full dinner plates on one arm and hand-carrying a third.  A customer tugs on her apron for attention and sh barely averts contributing the chili size to his wardrobe
28) 2) dialog: Yes sir, just a second.
28) 4) dialog: Who gets the Burly Burger?
28) 8) dialog: Okay, who gets the Burly Beef?
28) 10) text: In the process of setting down all the plates Sarah knock over someone's water glass.
28) 11) dialog: (mopping fran- tically) Oh, sorry.  That's not real leather, is it?
28) 12) text: As she cleans up the spill, a kid at the next booth reach over and dumps a scoop of ice cream into the top pouch of Sarah's apron She stares down at the mess melting over her hard-earned and sags with defeat.  NANCY, a plump, gum-chewing waitre stops beside her to whisper.
31) 0) text: Installed on her bed for an afternoon of 'soaps' is the WRONG SARAH CONNOR.  ELECTRODE PADS exercise her doughy thighs as the 35 year old divorcee watches "GENERAL HOSPI She calls out distractedly:
31) 1) dialog: What is it, Mom?
38) 0) text: An old man with a shrunken, ungenerous face scowls at the menu as Sarah wipes the tabletop in front of him.
38) 1) dialog: I haven't seen you in here lately, Mr. Miller.
38) 3) dialog: You must have a girlfriend.
38) 5) dialog: Aha!  Is she young?
38) 8) dialog: (smiling) What's it to ya?
39) 0) text: Sarah rounds the corner, walking fast as she undoes her apron.  She calls out to the walls without looking up.
39) 1) dialog: I'm on break, Chuck.  Carla's got my station.
39) 2) text: As she approaches the locker room where the girls take their coffee breaks, the door bursts open and Nancy beckons to Sarah.
40) 0) text: Nancy guides Sarah to the small black and white portable TV in the corner.  Two other girls, smoking cigarettes with their shoes off and nyloned feet on the table, are already watching.  One glances at Sarah.
40) 4) text: As the news grinds on, Sarah gazes unseeingly at the scre Nancy claps her on the shoulder, laughing.
41) 0) text: Sunlight is dying when Sarah swings her moped to the curb in front of the 'GOOD LIFE SPA', a large, crowded health club.
42) 0) text: MUSIC BOOMS and masses of leotarded cellulite sway in clo F.G. as CAMERA DOLLIES along a row of panting, stretching women.  In deep B.G. Sarah slips in through the door and waits against the wall while the human dynamo, GINGER VEN leads the class energetically.  Ginger, Sarah's roommate, is a party-stopper.  Red-haired, athletic, sensuous.  She pretty enough when still, but stunning in motion.  And sh in motion. Ginger yells commands and cheerfully dives into contortio to the BEAT of a MOTOWN FAVORITE. MARCO, a handsome, well-defined guy wearing a tight STAFF T-shirt, strolls up for a drink at the water fountain nex to Sarah.
42) 2) dialog: I'm Sarah.  Ginger's roommate.
42) 8) text: Ginger walks over to Sarah as the class disperses.  Marco is leaning on the wall next to Sarah, who is enjoying the attention.
42) 9) dialog: ...yeah, really?  Say some- thing in Italian.
42) 12) text: She grabs Sarah by the arm and pulls her out the door. Sarah catches a glimpse of Marco's expression over her shoulder as the door closes.
43) 0) text: PANAGLIDE WITH THE TWO GIRLS, as they descend to the firs floor and enter a hallway Sarah is gasping with laughter.
43) 1) dialog: (weakly) I don't believe you did that.
43) 2) text: Ginger is adjusting her ever-present WALKMAN-TYPE CASSETT PLAYER at her hip.  She slips on the earphones as they wa along. Sarah feigns outrage.
43) 3) dialog: (continuing) I had him hooked.  He was just about to ask me out. I could tell.
43) 5) dialog: I'll do the same for you sometime.
43) 6) text: Sarah laughs and claps her friend on the back.  They turn in at a door marked WEIGHT ROOM.
44) 6) text: She leans down as he sits up and they meet in a kiss that bad for the other guys' discipline. Sarah waits until they break the clinch to speak.
44) 7) dialog: Hi, Matt.
45) 0) text: Sarah lurches away from the curb on her moped, almost spilling Ginger who is attempting to ride double.  They swing out onto a main thoroughfare and careen through the bumper-to-bumper traffic. Sarah maneuvers deftly though overloaded and unstable. Ginger doesn't know whether to laugh of scream at the near-misses. She does both.
54) 0) text: Sarah and Ginger are crammed into the tiny bathroom, becoming inextricably tangled in each other's cords as they blow-dry, curl hair, and apply make-up.  Ginger has her headphones inverted under her chin but in place, and is bouncing to music as she dries her hair.  She is wearing a short terry-cloth bathrobe that reveals the greater part of her legs.  Sarah is in a skirt and bra. The phone rings and Sarah goes out into the living room to get it.
54) 1) dialog: (answering the phone) Hello?
54) 3) text: Sarah cups her hand over the mouthpiece and calls out matter-of-factly:
54) 4) dialog: Ginger!  It's Matt.
54) 7) text: Sarah is repressing laughter.
54) 8) dialog: (crossly) Who is this?
54) 11) dialog: Sure, Bunky.
54) 12) text: As Ginger approaches, Sarah hands her the receiver and goes into the bedroom.
55) 0) text: Ginger is still listening to Matt, nodding, as Sarah ente and starts holding the blouses against herself one by one for Ginger's inspection.
55) 1) dialog: What do you think?
55) 3) text: Sarah hold up another one.
55) 4) dialog: How about this?
55) 6) dialog: You're a big help.
55) 8) dialog: I hate the beige one.
55) 10) text: Sarah gathers up the blouses and walks out.
55) 11) dialog: This guy's probably a schmuck and I don't care what I wear.
55) 13) dialog: (continuing) You think the beige?
58) 0) text: Sarah poses with Ginger in front of the mirror.  They are dressed, made-up, hair-styled and READY.
58) 2) text: Sarah grins and goes into the other room.
59) 0) text: Sarah walks around the room, searching for something.
59) 1) dialog: (calling) Ginger, have you seen Pugsley?
59) 4) dialog: (still looking) I thought you did.
59) 6) dialog: (from beside cur- tains) Come here young man.  Mind your mother.
59) 7) text: C.U. - PUGSLEY, as the GREEN IGUANA cocks its head, blink vapidly. RESUME WIDE, Sarah lifts the three foot long lizard from perch on the windowsill.  She gives the complacent reptil a kiss on its blunt snout.
59) 9) text: Sarah drapes the lizard across her shoulders where it sit contentedly as she looks for her purse.  Ginger has been rewinding the message tape.  She punches PLAY and a MALE VOICE is heard.
59) 11) text: Sarah stands still, crestfallen.
59) 13) dialog: (slumping) I'll live.
59) 15) text: Sarah resignedly slips Pugsley off her shoulders.
59) 16) dialog: You still love me, don't you, Pugsley?
59) 18) dialog: (continuing) I'm going to a movie, kiddo. See ya'.  You and Matt have a good time.
60) 0) text: Sarah is a small figure in the shadowed echoing garage of her building. CONVERGING DOLLY, PACING HER, as she passes the stalls wi their inky shadows. The light near her moped is out. She fumbles in the dark to unlock the chain. She looks up. Did she hear something...masked by the rattle of the chai POV - SARAH, there is no movement for the length of the garage. ON SARAH - C.U., inexplicably nervous. She stows the chain and starts the bike.  It whines reassuringly. Sarah jumps on and whirs out of the garage.
61) 0) text: Sarah is visible through the windshield as she pulls onto the street. PAN WITH HER to reveal Kyle Reese, hunched down in shadow watching.  He puts the car in gear and pulls out to follo her receding tail-light. Streetlights flash across his face, in stark-lines profil Mouth cruel where the scar tugs at it.
66) 2) text: CUT WIDE to show Sarah watching the TV which is suspended over the bar.  The place is a crowded, post-movie hangout raucous with laughter and videogames.  The newscast continues, ignored by all except Sarah.
66) 7) text: Sarah leaps half over the bar, startling everyone.
66) 8) dialog: (shouting) Leave it where it is!
66) 10) text: Sarah leaves her half-finished pizza and beer, getting up in a daze.  Followed by puzzles glances, she makes her wa through the crowd.
67) 0) text: In the crowded hallway by the restrooms, Sarah goes to th single payphone and seizes the directory.  She flips rapi through it, then stops, looking down. She sees that her name is next on the list. The book slips out of her fingers. Sarah turns and scans the crowd. She's getting looks, covert and otherwise, like any unacc panied girl on a Friday night.  But is that all they mean Sarah back into the women's restroom.
68) 0) text: Sarah stumbles numbly to the sink. She splashes her face with cold water.  In the mirror her terrified reflection looks back.  Why me? She hears a loud clatter and spins around. It's just a drunken woman fumbling with a toilet stall do Sarah edges back out into the corridor.
69) 0) text: Sarah walks stiffly to the pay phone. It's OUT OF ORDER.
70) 0) text: Sarah exits the pizza place into the sparse crowd on the sidewalk.  As she passes a figure leaning against the wal just outside, the man turns his head to watch her. It is Reese, his gaze impassive. Streetlight catches the burn scar on his cheek. He is motionless, sinister in his long coat. Sarah shudders. She walks on. POV - SARAH, ON CROWD, moving toward and through approach groups of pedestrians.  They seem to be glancing at her. Was it always like that and she just never noticed? C.U. - SARAH as she look over her shoulder. POV - SARAH, ON PIZZA PARLOR DOORWAY.  Reese is gone. She resists the urge to run. On the opposite side of the street an  LAPD cruiser glide slowly by.  Sarah is about to call out but a bus blocks her view and when it had passed, the car is turning away down a side street. She passes a large window with STOKER'S written on it, an ducks quickly through the door.
71) 0) text: ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW, SARAH F.G., as Reese approaches. Her knuckles clench white as he reaches the entrance and walks by, unhurriedly, without a glance inside. She turns and scan the gloomy interior, which reveals its to be less than savory.  Pool tables and upper-middle low in submarine depths of smoky haze. Sarah draws stares, menacing in their own right, as she weaves between the pool tables to the back of the bar. her hands are trembling as she drops a dime in the pay phone and dials.
71) 2) text: Sarah holds the receiver pressed to her ear, glancing around, fear feeding on frustration.
80) 8) text: Terminator's head snaps back and he freezes, listening. He rises slowly as Sarah's voice continues. TIGHT ON HIS UNBLINKING EYES.
81) 0) text: Sarah cups the telephone's mouthpiece with her hand and glances around frequently.
81) 1) dialog: (continuing, into phone) ...I think somebody's after me and I sure hope you play this soon 'cause I need you and Matt to come pick me up.  The police keep transferring me around, but I'm going to try them again.
82) 1) dialog: (continuing, B.G.) The number here is 468-9175. Call me, kiddo.  I need you. It's Stoker's on Pico. Bye.
82) 2) text: Terminator is rapidly and methodically rifling the conten of Sarah's small desk.  SIREN'S WAIL, approaching. He picks up a small card. E.C.U. - CARD. It is Sarah's college I.D. card, complete color photo of her. MACRO ON PICTURE. E.C.U. - TERMINATOR'S EYES as he tosses the card down, after a fraction of a second's scan.  Picks up something TIGHT ON SARAH'S ADDRESS BOOK, Terminator pockets this an slips out the balcony door.  Climbing over the railing, h is gone.
83) 0) text: Sarah is huddled, back to the wall, beside the phone.
83) 1) dialog: (on phone, upset) ...look, Lieutenant...uh, Vukovich, don't put me on hold and don't transfer me to another department...
85) 1) dialog: (on phone) Yes, but I don't want to leave.  I think this guy's following me.
87) 0) text: Sarah takes a seat at a booth near the bar, and picks up a dog-eared menu, but can't concentrate on it.  She looks at her watch and glances around.
90) 0) text: The waitress set a cup of coffee in front of Sarah.
90) 2) text: Sarah shakes her head "No" and contemplates her trembling hands.  She half-turns, catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror behind the bar. TIGHT ON SARAH, reflected in the mirror.  In the F.G. a man at the bar looks up from his beer, straight into her It is Reese. He gazes at her coolly for a moment, then glances away. C.U. - SARAH, feeling trapped, frantic. ANGLE ON FRONT DOOR as it opens and a figure stands silho etted briefly against a streetlight. Reese turns, his eyes flickering to the mirror, the figur C.U. - REESE as he mechanically raises his beer.  His knu are white.  He slowly undoes the top button of his overco There is a glint of metal in the shadows within. Reese turns slowly on his barstool as the figure brushes him, out-of-focus F.G. Sarah looks up. E.C.U. - REESE'S HAND sliding slowly along polished steel a caress.  His finger slips through the triggerguard of t riot gun. MEDIUM ON SARAH, as the man stops in front of her in clos He sits slowly in the booth opposite her.  The angle is O HIS SHOULDER.
90) 3) dialog: (uncertainly) Lieutenant Vukovich?
90) 4) text: REVERSE ANGLE - It is not Lt. Vukovich. Terminator sits motionless for a BEAT. Blue eyes so pure and deep.  The eyes of a saint, perhaps The .45 is out and cocked and AIMED DIRECTLY AT CAMERA, a in one motion. The bore seems enormous. BACK ON SARAH, over the gun barrel, her eyes go wide.  We a BEAT, like a frozen slice of nightmare. MEDIUM ON REESE as he whips the riot-gun to a hip-firing tion, his overcoat falling back with a snap.  HE FIRES. ON TERMINATOR, as the shotgun blast hits his arm and he F simultaneously.  Sarah screams as the .45 round blows stu out of the booth seat inches from her face.  Her hair is singed by burning gunpowder.  An involuntary cry is punch out of her by the double concussions. Reese is stroking up another shell as Terminator half-ris from booth. OVER REESE'S SHOULDER, as he fires, cocks the slide, fire again, advancing on Sarah's booth. Terminator is blown backward over the center divider, crashing through the glasses and pitchers of beer on the table opposite, and onto the floor. Sarah is screaming, scrunched down in the booth. Terminator is lying on his back at the feet of a table- full of drunk patrons. He has two rifled 12 gauge slugs in his chest and one in the arm. The bar customers are frozen in the weird tableau, coweri gaping. Sarah stops screaming. Reese stand motionless, gun aimed. In the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotg is abnormally loud. ON TERMINATOR, very still. Then he smoothly rolls to a crouch and slips the UZI mach pistol from beneath his overcoat, where it has been hang- ing on a shoulder strap. He doesn't seem too impaired as he swings around to fire. Reese rolls like a cat and comes up firing. A burst from the UZI rakes the bar where he stood. An orgy of shattering glass. Total pandemonium. SEVERAL ANGLES  as patrons of the bar run, scream or dive for cover, depending upon their level of intelligence. Reese slides through the glass to Sarah's booth and seize her wrists. ON TERMINATOR, kneeling amid the chaos, raising the UZI one-handed. Reese tugs viciously on Sarah's arm and she sprawls acros the booth seat a moment before the divider and seat cushi erupt with hits from the UZI. ANGLE ON A RUNNING PATRON as a burst of 9mm fire catches him in the chest.  He pitches into Sarah's booth, pinning her. Reese fires, ducks, fires again. Tables crash over. A window is blown out. A table candle rolls into a pool of high-proof alcohol behind the bar. It ignites with a WHOOSH. Reese feed two shells into the riot-gun. TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, an island of slow, precise movement amid the confusion.  He drops a spent clip.  Reaches for another with his bloody hand. MOVING WITH REESE as he vaults the row of booths and star firing.  At point blank range he unloads the shotgun into Terminator's belly.
92) 0) text: The roaring fire behind the bar is spreading very quickly The air is thick with smoke. Reese tosses the UZI, for which he has no ammo, into the fire.  He hauls the dead man off Sarah and reaches for he TIGHT ON SARAH, shrinking away from Reese, hysterical. When he grabs her wrist she struggles, eyes wide. C.U. - REESE, very intense.
94) 0) text: C.U. - SARAH, feeling a lightning blot of terror greater than she could ever imagine as the cold gaze fixes on her
94) 1) dialog: (awed whisper) Oh my God...
96) 0) text: PANAGLIDE MOVING IN ON REESE AND SARAH as he runs, drag- ging her with him, toward the back. REVERSE ON TERMINATOR, DOLLYING as he crashed through the wreckage in the swirling smoke, hurling burning tables ou of his way.
97) 0) text: PANAGLIDE FOLLOWING REESE AND SARAH, running headlong through the cluttered kitchen, then down a narrow back hallway.  Sarah stumbles and Reese brutally pulls her to her feet without slowing. He hits a closed door, which crashes open. Hauls Sarah through, into another corridor. Slams and blot-latches it. An instant later an impact from the far side tears the latch-screws half out of the wall. They run on.
99) 0) text: Reese and Sarah pelt down the narrow corridor, fling open the outside door and spin out into the alley. TIGHT ON DOOR at far end.  It splinters open and Terminat sprints down the corridor.
103) 0) text: DOLLYING WITH REESE AND SARAH as they run through the dark alley.  Sarah stumbles over trashcans. Reese pulls her along mercilessly. WHIP-PANNING as they clear a corner. The B.G. is a blur. The night-maze is a blur in all of these shots. No static angles. Relentless forward motion.
106) 0) text: Reese and Sarah turn a corner by caroming off the wall without slowing and pelt down a narrower alley.  This one is lined with a row of parked cars and connects to the street.  There is little room to run. Reese is reloading on the run, dropping shells. Behind them Terminator enters the alley, gaining. LOW ANGLE, FAST PANAGLIDE ahead of the fleeing pair. As they breast the last car Reese shoves Sarah hard, pitching her on her face to the pavement. He flings open the car door...a shield. Drops to the ground. Fires into the gas tank of a car further back in the row just before Terminator reaches it. The car EXPLODES, filling the alley with fire.  An infern funneled between the enclosing walls. ANGLE ON REESE AND SARAH behind the car door as flames roar over the hood. ON TERMINATOR, as he slides to a stop, cut off by the wall of flame. Reese doesn't waste any time stuffing Sarah into the car. Climbing in after and over her he twists two wires togeth and we recognize it as his stolen GREY SEDAN. The engine catches. A SILHOUETTE rockets out of the flames. Terminator, leaping from the roof of the blazing car ahea impacts on the hood of Reese's car.  His hair and coat ar burning.
107) 0) text: Reese jams reverse and nail the throttle. The car backs down the alley. Terminator draws back his fist. Punches into the windshield. Inside, Sarah is sprayed with glass as the killer's fist shoots through. The lacerated fingers grope for her. WIDE as the car shoots backwards out of the alley onto th street, narrowly missing an arriving LAPD CRUISER. Sarah plasters herself tightly into the seat as the fingers grasp her blouse and pull. Reese cranks the wheel hard.
111) 0) text: Sarah is in a daze. Paralyzed.  Face bloodless. She is shivering silently, uncontrollably. Her eyes are wide, and it seems likely that she doesn't quite comprehend the roaring blur outside her window.
113) 0) text: Reese drives with total, nerveless absorption.  His eyes flick to the mirror, to the road, over his shoulder, back ...and the world spins outside. With occasional glances to Sarah, he speaks to her in a clipped, military voice.
113) 2) text: No response. He reaches over and runs his hands over her arms, legs, chest.  Sarah flinches. She feels the BLIND PANIC BOILING UP WITHIN HER. She pushes his hand away and opens the door. Reese slams her back in the seat and slaps her.  Hard.
113) 4) text: As he speaks he is locking the door and fastening Sarah's seatbelt over her, cinching it very tightly, like you wou for a child.  She doesn't answer.
113) 6) dialog: (a whisper) Yes.  Don't hurt me.
113) 8) text: Sarah stares numbly at his outstretched hand.  With zero strength she automatically returns his handshake.
115) 0) text: Sarah is slumped way down in the seat, turned away from t window, trying not to see the landscape reeling outside.
115) 1) dialog: (hoarse whisper) This is a mistake.  I haven't done anything.
115) 3) text: Sarah closes her eyes, as if to shut it all out.
115) 4) dialog: I can't believe this is happen- ing.  How could than man get up after you...
119) 1) dialog: A machine?  You mean, like a robot?
119) 4) dialog: But...he was bleeding.
127) 2) dialog: Look, Reese, I know you want to help, but...
127) 4) dialog: Hey, I'm not stupid, y'know. They can't build anything like that yet.
127) 6) text: Reese is driving sedately for a low profile, but his eyes rove constantly, searching for a place to ditch the car. Sarah's eyes are alert as well, and her tone becomes a bi too cool.
127) 7) dialog: So, it's from the future, is that right?
127) 9) dialog: And you're from the future too?
127) 12) dialog: (patronizingly) Right...
127) 13) text: Like a shot she unlatches the seatbelt, pulls the door lo and has the door half open before Reese can react.  He ca her arm and hauls her struggling back into the car. Sarah sinks her teeth into his hand with all her strength His grip doesn't slacken. Slowly, without releasing her, he reaches across with his other hand and shuts the door.  His face shows no reactio Sarah draws back and stares at the blood running down his arm from the bite, that at his grim, scarred face.  The light turns green and Reese drives on. Sarah tastes blood and wipes her mouth.
127) 16) dialog: (weakly, plead- ing) Just let me go.
127) 18) text: Sarah slump in utter resignation.
127) 19) dialog: (quietly) Can you stop it?
131) 0) text: LOW ANGLE DOLLY, MOVING WITH REESE AND SARAH as they craw behind a row of parked cars. He has firm hold of her arm but she seems to be cooperati In the B.G., the chopper hovers, on the far side of the l Reese approaches the door of a late model brown Buick whi has been left with its window partway down. He unlocks it and they slip inside.
133) 0) text: Reese uses the butt of the shotgun to smash loose the ignition assembly.  He begins working on the wires.  A police cruiser appears, moving slowly between the rows of cars. Reese grabs Sarah and pulls her down to huddle below dash level.  A moment later a spotlight flashes across the sea above them.  They hear the helicopter circling closer.
133) 1) dialog: Reese...why me?  Why does it want me?
133) 4) dialog: Tell me.  Just start at the beginning.
133) 9) dialog: I don't understand...
133) 13) dialog: The what?
135) 0) text: Reese is holding onto Sarah's shoulder tightly.
135) 2) text: Sarah stared at him.
142) 2) text: Holding the gun is both hands he leans out the window, still keeping the throttle mashed down. Sarah grabs the wheel, fighting to control the car.
143) 1) dialog: (shouting) Reese!
144) 0) text: OVER SARAH'S SHOULDER as they approach an intersection... red light their way and an ALPHA BETA TRUCK entering cros wise.
146) 0) text: Sarah grabs the shift lever. DETAIL - SHIFTER, as she slams it into reverse.
147) 0) text: MOVING WITH BOTH CARS as the Buick skids with rear tires locked.  Reese and Terminator FIRE simultaneously. TIGHT ON REESE as the doorpost next to his shoulder is torn out by the other's blast. ON TERMINATOR, leaning to see around his shattered wind- shield.  Too late. He hurtles into the intersection, past the skidding Buick Clips the back of the semi. Spins radically. Vaults the curb in a screeching front-end roll. WHIP-PANNING WITH THE CRUISER as it crashes upside-down through the counter area of an A &amp; W. LOW ANGLE as Reese and Sarah slide to a stop in a cloud of tire smoke. Transmission fluid pours out of the car like blood. An instant later they are surrounded by an assortment of LAPD, SHERIFF'S DEPT., and CHP CARS. The helicopter hovers overhead. MEDIUM ON SARAH AND REESE, he raises his hands, through the side window, in plain sight. A phalanx of cops, guns drawn, approaches the car warily. Sarah looks at Reese.  Then at the cops.  She opens the d and runs, staggering, toward them.  Vukovich steps forwar and pulls her away to safety. C.U. - REESE watching her go as a cop eases his door open
148) 0) text: Sarah, huddles in a blanket, is siting on a bench opposit Vukovich's desk.  Motionless.  Her eyes are fixed on the middle distance.  She's been crying.  Now she's emptied o The door opens. At the sound of the latch Sarah jerks as if struck, and c involuntarily.  Vukovich enters with Traxler and DR. PETE SILBERMAN, a criminal psychologist.  Silberman is smooth of skin and manner, young, ambitious and...fat.  He is enthusiastic about the workings of the human psyche, as emotionally involved as someone pulling the wings off a f Vukovich sits beside Sarah and hands her a cup of coffee. He puts a paternal arm around her shoulders.
148) 2) dialog: (voice flat, desperate) Lieutenant, are you sure it's them?  Maybe I should see the ...bodies.
148) 4) text: Sarah  begins to cry again, slowly and very quickly.
148) 5) dialog: (to herself) Of, God...Ginger...kiddo, I'm so sorry.
148) 8) dialog: (almost in- audible) I guess so. (to Silberman) You're a doctor?
148) 10) dialog: Is Reese crazy?
156) 2) text: CUT WIDE revealing Sarah, Silberman, Vukovich and Traxler watching a monitor sitting amid incredible paperwork clut on a desk top.
156) 4) text: Traxler, standing in the back, grins and nudges Silberman who nods appreciatively. TIGHT ON REESE'S RECORDED IMAGE - He glares at Silberman. ON SARAH, as Silberman's voice is heard.
156) 21) text: ON SARAH, DOLLYING SLOWLY IN TO C.U. as we hear Reese begin to shout.
156) 32) text: C.U. - SARAH staring at the empty screen.
156) 33) dialog: (turning) So Reese is crazy.
156) 35) dialog: But...
156) 38) text: Sarah want to believe him.  God help her if he's wrong.
156) 39) dialog: But what about him punching through the windshield?
156) 43) dialog: I can't sleep.
156) 45) dialog: Okay.
159) 0) text: Sarah, lying on the couch, jerks awake as the crash REVERBERATES through the building.  She sits up, bleary- eyes.
161) 0) text: Sarah is alert now with growing alarm.  The sound of GUNFIRE is faint...but unmistakable.  Her expression shows the dawning certainty of what is happening.
165) 0) text: Shots are echoing in the hallway as Vukovich whips open the door, startling the hell out of Sarah.
167) 0) text: Sarah's terror skyrockets when the ceiling lamp explodes and the office goes black.
172) 0) text: Sarah scrabbles for a place to hide in the darkened room but it's so tiny.  Behind the desk.  She crouches unable believe she has awakened into the same nightmare.
176) 0) text: MEDIUM ON SARAH, her teeth are chattering with fear as SHOTS echo nearby.  There is the RHYTHMIC THUNDER of the shotgun, rattling AUTOMATIC FIRE, SCREAMING, and the soun of RUNNING FEET.  Getting closer. SLOW DOLLY IN ON SARAH begins, ending in TIGHT C.U. as th sounds get louder.  More SHOTS. Smoke begins to seep under the door. DETAIL - DOORKNOB rattling as it is tried from outside. E.C.U. - SARAH stifling a cry.  She flinches as if slappe as SHOTS sound. DETAIL - DOOR KNOB, a series of SHOTS shatter the lock. FULL ON DOORWAY - The door bangs open and a figure stands silhouetted in the smoky hallway, holding a pistol. E.C.U. - SARAH, as she closes her eyes.  Holds her breath
177) 0) text: Sarah and Reese move rapidly through the smoke. Gunfire sounds nearby.  They pass bodies.
180) 0) text: The Rabbit is stopped on the shoulder of a two lane secondary road winding through the hills north of L.A. Reese is fishing objects out of the car's trunk and handing them to Sarah, who holds a flashlight. He hands her a blanket, some road flares, and a first aid kit.  Then he slams the trunk.  Reaching through the side window, he turns the wheel and pushes the car off the shoulder, over the embankment. DOWN ANGLE INTO RAVINE, past Sarah and Reese, as the car trundles down crashing through the underbrush to dis- appear among the trees. Reese looks out across the valley and the lights of L.A. A helicopter circles in the distance, searchlight on.
181) 0) text: ANGLE LOOKING OUT from the mouth of an enclosed concrete storm drain that passes under the road.  Reese, followed by Sarah, trudges down the slope and ducks inside. The floor is wet but he doesn't seem to mind. They both hunker down with their backs to the concrete, facing each other. They look beaten, grimy, exhausted. She huddles under the blanket, waif-like.
181) 2) dialog: Freezing.
181) 5) dialog: Reese...you got a first name?
181) 7) dialog: Kyle, what's it like when you go through time?
181) 9) text: Sarah scowls and draws her hand out from under his jacket
181) 10) dialog: You're wet.  Oh my god.
181) 13) dialog: (incredulous) Caught one?  You mean you got shot?
181) 16) text: Sarah sits up and turns toward him.
181) 17) dialog: We gotta get you to a doctor.
181) 19) dialog: Forget it?  Are you crazy? Let me see it.
181) 20) text: Sarah opens his jacket and the flashlight beam shows his shirt bloodsoaked at the shoulder.
181) 21) dialog: (continuing) Jeez.  You idiot.  Take this off.
181) 24) text: Sarah starts swabbing the flesh wound.
181) 25) dialog: This is gonna make me puke. Talk about something.
181) 27) dialog: Just talk.  Tell me about my son.  Is he tall?
181) 30) text: Sarah glances at his face for a second and then goes back to work.
181) 31) dialog: What's he like?
181) 33) dialog: Well, at least I know what to name him.  I don't suppose you'd know who the father is? So I don't tell him to get lost when I meet him.
181) 35) dialog: (interrupting) Stop!  I don't want to know. Hold still.  So...it was John that ordered you here?
181) 37) dialog: You volunteered?
181) 40) dialog: You talk about things I haven't done yet in the past tense.  It's making me crazy.  I can't think. (pause) Are you sure you've got the right person?
181) 43) dialog: Come on, me? The mother of the future?  Am I tough? Organized?  I can't even balance my checkbook.  I cry when I see a cat that's been run over... and I don't even like cats.
181) 46) dialog: And anyway, what do I know about guerrilla warfare?
181) 48) dialog: (angry) Look, Reese, I didn't ask for this honor and I don't want it. Any of it.
181) 50) text: Sarah stares at him as the enormity of it all becomes rea to her.  Reese moves his arm, testing the bandage.
181) 52) dialog: (brightening) You like it?  It's my first.
181) 53) text: He rebuttons his shirt and they return to the warmth- conserving embrace.  Sarah gazes out the entrance, into the night.
181) 55) dialog: (closing her eyes) Okay.  Talk some more.
181) 57) dialog: (murmuring) About where you're from.
185) 3) text: POWERBOLTS EXPLODE among the fleeing people. Beams sear the darkness. A running CHILD is BURST by a plasma hit. ANGLE ON REESE running.  He levels his energy-rifle and starts firing.  A powerbolt grazes his cheek, EXPLODING a support column behind him.  Part of the ROOF COLLAPSES as Reese tumbles. Everything is lit as if by lightning. C.U. - REESE, semi-conscious.  Burned.  Bleeding. Impressions implode on him: running feet, flashes, energy beams raking the ground leaving molten worm-tracks, screa ing, a burning dog howling. DETAIL - The picture Reese has been looking at has fallen forgotten.  It catches fire and starts to curl.  Before the image vanishes we see that it is a picture of Sarah. Reese looks up. A figure looms above, a silhouette in the smoky, hellish glare.  THE TERMINATOR.  Its  eyes glow red. A brilliant EXPLOSION WHITES OUT THE SCREEN.
186) 0) text: C.U. - SARAH, brightly lit by daylight.  Asleep.  She gri and groans. In the distance a dog is barking. Reese, still holding her, lightly lifts her hair from her face.  An uncharacteristically tender gesture.  He gently caresses her cheek with the backs of his fingers.  When she awakens suddenly he snaps his hand away. Sarah looks around, momentarily disoriented.  Looks up at Reese.
186) 1) dialog: I was dreaming about dogs.
186) 4) text: Sarah groans as she straightens her legs.
186) 5) dialog: Your world...it's pretty terrifying.
187) 0) text: Sarah catches up to him just as he is about to try and stop an approaching car.  She pulls his gun hand down wit both of hers.
187) 1) dialog: Put that away.  I'll get one.
187) 3) dialog: (continuing) This works...really.
188) 0) text: Reese and Sarah are crammed into the cab of a beat-to-hel PICKUP TRUCK with the DRIVER, obviously a surfer.  Laid- back, long-haired and well-tanned. Reese glowers and watches the scenery through slitted eye
188) 3) dialog: (to Reese) He's a surfer.
188) 5) dialog: No, he's from the future.
189) 2) dialog: Thanks.
189) 4) dialog: Let's get cleaned up, Kyle.
190) 0) text: Sarah is talking on an open pay phone.
190) 1) dialog: ...I know, Mom.  This is the soonest I could...I know. Mom...Mom, I can't talk long. No, I'm okay. (pause) I was on TV?  Really? (pause) Oh no, I hate that picture... why didn't you give them my graduation picture? (pause) I'm okay, really.  Listen, I want you to pack some stuff and go up to the cabin for a few days.  Just don't...no, don't ask any questions. Just do it.  I gotta get going...gotta go.  Bye, bye.
190) 2) text: Sarah has been idly leafing through the DIRECTORY.  On a whim she looks up something. She freezes for a moment when she finds the listing. Then with a triumphant expression she rips the page out of the book.
191) 0) text: Sarah is sitting at a table under a tree, lettering something with a lipstick on a cardboard box-flap. E.C.U. - SIGN, as the last letters are finished. It reads:
191) 2) dialog: Thanks a lot.
191) 4) text: Sarah looks up, startled to see him standing beside her.
191) 5) dialog: That's where we're going.
191) 7) text: Sarah point to the directory page lying on the table.
191) 11) dialog: Look.  I found it.  Isn't that it?  Cyber Dynamics Corporation?
191) 13) dialog: Didn't you say that they're going to develop this revolutionary new thing...
191) 15) dialog: Whatever...they become the hotshot computer guys so they get the job to build El Computer Grande...Skynet...for the government.  Right?
191) 17) text: Sarah's fear has been replaced by excitement.
191) 18) dialog: Well, we're gonna uninvent the bastard.  Eighty-six it.  We'll blow up the place...burn it down.  Something.
191) 20) dialog: Reese.  Think it through. We can prevent the war. Nobody else is gonna do it. If we go to anybody official we wind up back in jail and then that walking cuisinart has got us again.  We have to so it ourselves.
191) 22) dialog: (upset, mocking his manner) Listen.  Understand.  I'm not a military objective, Reese.  I'm a person... You don't own me.
191) 25) dialog: Fuck you!  Let go of me!
192) 2) dialog: Let...go...bastard...
192) 3) text: She gets one arm free and whacks him hard in the face. Reese reacts instinctively, leaping back in a defensive crouch.  Sarah freezes when she sees the .357 in his hand.
192) 4) dialog: (continuing, scared, but angry) Oh, that's real smart. Go on, shoot me. That's brilliant.
192) 5) text: Reese is trembling as he lowers the gun. Sarah too is shaking with emotion.  Tears roll down her cheeks and her voice cracks.
192) 6) dialog: (continuing) Jesus Christ, Reese.  Can't you see I'm scared?
192) 8) dialog: (continuing) I can't spend my life waiting for that thing to catch up with me...always looking over my shoulder, wondering if I left some tiny clue behind...
192) 10) dialog: Reese?
192) 13) dialog: (continuing, quietly) Kyle?
192) 21) text: Sarah puts her arm around him. She sniffs and wipes at her nose with the back of her han
192) 22) dialog: We can change it, Kyle.  We have to try.
192) 24) dialog: (continuing) There's no fate but what we make for ourselves. Right? Come on.  Let's go, kiddo. Whaddya say?
197) 0) text: The two fugitives walk toward an economy motel of the two-story park-by-the-door variety. Sarah turns to wave as a TRACTOR-TRAILER pulls away noisi heading back to the Interstate.  The driver answers her w out the side window.  Reese stops for a moment outside th motel office to pet a GERMAN SHEPHERD sitting on the porc The dog wags its tail and licks his hand. Reese opens the door and they go in.
198) 0) text: Reese pulls a crumpled wad of bills from his jeans and sh it to Sarah.
198) 2) dialog: Yes.  And I don't want to know where you got it.
198) 4) dialog: (to clerk) We need a room...with a kitchen.
199) 0) text: Kyle and Sarah enter the spartan room.
199) 1) dialog: I'm dying for a shower.  You could use one too.  And we'd better check that bandage.
199) 3) text: He hands her the .38 he took off the detective. She takes it without thinking as he leaves then realizes that she has A LOADED GUN IN HER HAND, without the slight idea of how to use it.  She lays it gently on the dresser As an afterthought, she turns it with one finger so that is pointing the other way. Sarah moves the curtain slightly and looks outside.
201) 0) text: Sarah is on the phone, her hair still wet from a shower. She sits on the bed with a towel wrapped around her.
201) 1) dialog: ...No, Mom, I can't tell you where I am.  I was told not to say.
201) 3) text: Sarah hesitates, then:
201) 4) dialog: Okay, here's the number.  Are you ready?
202) 1) dialog: (filtered) It's 408-972-1439.  Room 14.
202) 4) dialog: (filtered) Okay, I've gotta go.  I'm sorry I can't tell you very much now, Mom.  I love you.
203) 0) text: Sarah hangs up the phone, vaguely disturbed.
204) 0) text: Terminator rapidly dials the number Sarah gave.
205) 2) text: Sarah looks through Reese's haul.
205) 3) dialog: Let's see.  Corn syrup. Ammonia.  Moth balls... Mmm.  What's for dinner?
205) 6) dialog: What's that?
205) 8) text: Sarah looks a bit stricken as she contemplates the evenin ahead.
207) 0) text: A heartwarming domestic scene. Sarah and Kyle have pulled the dresser out to use as a worktable.  Pans, packages and bottles clutter the kitche B.G.  On the table between them are eight ten-inch length of PLUMBER'S PIPE, threaded each end.  Kyle is showing Sarah how to tamp the HIGH-EXPLOSIVE PUTTY into the pipe bombs and seal them shut.
207) 2) dialog: You must have had a fun child- hood.
207) 4) dialog: I was thinking, there's so much I've got to show you when we get through this. It's mind boggling, the pos- sibilities...Disneyland, the beach, movies...matinees with popcorn and foot-long hot dogs...
207) 6) dialog: I want to buy you a hot dog so bad,Kyle...all the things you've never seen and done.  You're here, but wherever you go, and whatever you touch, you bring the war with you.
207) 8) dialog: I want it to be over for you.
207) 10) dialog: I want it to be over for me too. I feel like I slipped over some invisible line, that I'm in your world now.  Everything's the same, but I see it differently. It's like, there's you and me, and him...but nobody else can understand or help or even touch us.
208) 0) text: ANGLE ON TABLE - The bombs are neatly ranked, finished. A nylon satchel lies nearby.  The mess is cleaned up. WIDE SHOT reveals Reese sitting in silent vigil at the window.  The room is dark, lit only by a streetlight outside. Sarah is asleep on the bed. Reese sits cross-legged, shirtless, his body held rigid. The image of discipline.  The .357 is held loosely in one hand on his lap.  There is a fresh bandage on his shoulde Sarah wakes up and goes to him in the darkness.  He looks at her for a moment as she sits beside him, then back out
208) 1) dialog: He'll find us, won't he?
208) 3) dialog: Don't say that.
208) 5) dialog: It'll never be over, will it? Look at me, I'm shaking. Some legend, huh?  You must be pretty disappointed.
208) 7) text: Several beats before Sarah speaks again.  Her eyes seem luminous in the dark.
208) 8) dialog: (softly) Kyle, the women in your time...what were they like?
208) 10) dialog: That's not what I meant. Was there someone special?
208) 12) dialog: A girl.  You know.
208) 15) dialog: (softly) I'm sorry.
208) 16) text: Sarah studies him for a moment. She's sitting slightly behind him and she puts her hands on his shoulders and back, tracing the lines of his scars with her fingertips.
208) 17) dialog: So much pain.
208) 19) dialog: And so you feel nothing.
208) 21) dialog: (with great sympathy) Oh, Kyle.
208) 28) text: Sarah is quietly overwhelmed. Reese looks away.
208) 30) dialog: Kyle...
208) 31) text: She leans forward and kisses him. His face is frozen.  A mask. She continues, tenderly. He begins to respond. The dam breaks and he holds her in a tight, trembling embrace, clinging to her like life itself. Kyle picks her up and carries her to the bed. She kisses his neck and chest, tracing his scars with her lips. He unbuttons her blouse very slowly. Sarah guides his powerful hands over her. A SEQUENCE OF CUTS.  DETAILS.  IMPRESSIONS. Sarah, a very close angle, as she grimaces in divine agon Reese, his face rapt. His hand, clutching the pillow as if to kill it. It is explosive, torrential.  A confluence of fate and wi
209) 0) text: TIGHT ON SARAH AND REESE in each other's arms.  Lying across his chest, she surveys his face as his eyes close drowsily.
209) 1) dialog: I bet you're ticklish.
209) 3) text: Sarah's hand moves OUT OF FRAME.  After a moment Reese looks down, puzzled.
209) 5) dialog: (continuing doggedly) You'll beg for mercy in a second.
209) 8) dialog: You're not supposed to.
209) 9) text: Now Reese is becoming desperate.  A grimace spreads acros his face.  It becomes a grin.  Then he's laughing, trying to escape but she won't let him, and they collapse, laugh together. Sarah gazes at his grin, a glimpse of the Reese that migh have been, in another life. A moment later the grin vanishes at the sound of dogs bar outside. Reese is off the bed in an instant, crouched tense, eyes alert.  Feral as ever.
211) 0) text: Reese is under the dash, playing with the wires. Sarah lies on the seat, clutching the nylon satchel, whic bulges with the explosive charges.  She has dressed hasti and is barefoot.
211) 2) text: Sarah has been holding a BIC LIGHTER near the tip of a fu She thumbs the flame on.  The fuse catches as Reese twist the wires and the engine starts to turn over.
217) 0) text: Reese motions Sarah to keep her head down.  He pulls the Colt Python from his coat pocket.  Steering with his elbo he checks the load.  Snaps the cylinder shut.  Glances in the rear mirror.  Turns the wheel.
218) 0) text: WIDE ANGLE, following close to Terminator, as he closes o the pickup, B.G.  The truck swerves suddenly, diving arou a TRACTOR-TRAILER.  Terminator leans hard to follow. LOW WIDE ANGLE preceding the pickup and Terminator as the swerve as high speed.  Reese uses the slow semis as stati obstacles.  He misses them by inches, TIRES SQUEALING. ANGLE OVER SARAH'S SHOULDER, through the front window as the back of a SEMI-TRAILER hurtles toward them, straight HIGH ANGLE, following both vehicles as Reese feints RIGHT and then skids LEFT.  He slides toward the trailer in a FOUR-WHEEL DRIFT as Terminator commits to the right. M.C.U. - TERMINATOR, over the barrel of the AR, as he FIR SIDE ANGLE - PASSING TRUCK-TRAILER, bullets strafe across it as the pickup vanishes behind.  Terminator skids the bike, barely missing an abutment, and is forced onto an OFF-RAMP. LOW SIDE ANGLE preceding Terminator as he roars down the off-ramp without slowing.  Runs the red light at the bott as a hundred miles an hour.  Climbs the ON-RAMP.
219) 0) text: Sarah is buffeted as Reese fights to control the skidding truck.  The angle is past Reese, F.G., on Sarah. Terminator appears B.G., converging rapidly as the on-ram joins the freeway.
220) 0) text: Reese is out the window to the waist, aiming double- handed.  He FIRES.  ONCE.  TWICE.  AGAIN. They enter an interchange.  Ahead lies a LONG, SWEEPING CURVE, two lanes wide and elevated. Terminator rocks back from a round between the eyes that bares metal, the FIRES. Bullets rake the pickup. The windows are blown out. The side mirror explodes. Reese is hit.  Drops the .357. Sarah screams and weaves, barely in control.
221) 0) text: Sarah reaches across and pulls Reese's limp body back inside.  He slumps on the seat, moaning.  Stunned.
221) 1) dialog: Kyle...oh God...
221) 2) text: He has a bullet in the chest.  Another has broken his arm Sarah feels all hope recede.
222) 0) text: Terminator crosses behind the truck, coming up on Sarah's He FIRES. Sarah shrieks as the doorpost next to her head CLANGS WIT HITS. The short burst EMPTIES THE GUN. It CLATTERS TO THE PAVEMENT a moment later, discarded. Terminator draws the .38.  Takes aim. Sarah SCREAMS.  HITS THE BREAKS HARD.  CRANKS THE WHEEL. GLASS behind her EXPLODES with gunfire. SWERVING VICIOUSLY the truck SLAMS THE BIKE, sending it FLYING INTO A GUARDRAIL.  Terminator goes over the handle bars at a hundred miles per hour.
223) 0) text: Sarah fights the wheel, losing control of the slewing pic
226) 0) text: Sarah is slammed hard as the truck grinds to a stop again the guardrail.  She checks Kyle.  He is barely conscious. Sarah heaves open the door.  Runs to the guardrail. Looks
228) 1) dialog: at the railing, looking down.  She raises one fist into the air triumphantly.
228) 2) dialog: Alriiight!
231) 0) text: Sarah watches the truck roll on without leaving a body in its wake. She feels a premonitory dread.
234) 0) text: From the railing Sarah sees the tanker below as a body falls beside it, rolling. The truck swings in a slow arc. TEARS THROUGH THE DIVIDING FENCE. Heads back toward her on the wrong side of the freeway. She stares in numb horror. The nightmare refuses to end. She runs to the crippled pickup and sees a front tire fla shredded by a crumpled fender. She searches the cab frantically for the KEYS TO THE MOTORCYCLES.  Finds them above the sun visor. Sarah leaps into the bed of the pickup and attacks the motorcycle strap-downs frantically. Panting with terror she rolls the bike off the truck. It crashes on its side and she falls on it painfully. Straining until she CRIES OUT INVOLUNTARILY, she lifts it upright. KICKS the engine over.
234) 1) text: as the tanker crashes back through the divider and starts UP THE OVERPASS.  Sarah is trapped in that concrete corri She kicks for her life. The bike catches for a moment.  Dies. The truck BELLOWS, down-shifting on the curving grade. Sarah kicks again and again, crying out with each stroke. Again and again, furiously. The engine CATCHES.
234) 2) dialog: (rapidly) Come on, come on, come on ...run, you...
234) 4) text: up the face of the tractor-trailer, the retaining wall bl ring by.  Terminator's red eye can be seen through the wi shield. Sarah drags Reese, stumbling,to the bike, props him on th seat behind her.  He clutches the satchel weakly.
234) 5) dialog: Hold on real tight, okay?
235) 0) text: Sarah hits level freeway with a quarter-mile lead on the tanker, distant B.G., but the little bike is overloaded and she can't coax it above seventy-five. ANGLE ON TANKER roaring forward, shifting up through the gears. CLOSE ON SARAH AND KYLE, his head lolling on her shoulder He starts to fall sideways.
235) 1) dialog: (shouting) Hold on, goddamnit!
235) 2) text: He rouses slightly, gripping her tighter. HIGH ANGLE - MOVING WITH BOTH VEHICLES as Sarah starts to ZIGZAG desperately across all four lanes.  The truck stay with her, closing, its trailer WHIPLASHING VIOLENTLY.
236) 0) text: The truck is right behind them as then enter a TUNNEL. A half-mile of exitless concrete and strobing fluorescent lights. M.C.U. - SARAH AND KYLE (PROCESS SHOT) - He blinks and lo back at a SOLID WALL OF METAL AND LIGHTS looming behind t Sarah hunches down.  They hit eighty. FULL SHOT - The leviathan dwarfs them, its big tires ROAR like the hubs of Hell.
237) 0) text: The tanker is twenty feet behind them as they clear the tunnel.  Sarah dodges to one side and LOCKS THE BRAKES. The bike slides, fish-tailing. The truck roars past, hitting the air-brakes. The trailers force her closer and closer  to the guardrai as Terminator tries to sandwich her. The bike slides to a stop. The rearmost set of trailer wheels slams into the guardra right in front of Sarah. Sarah emerges from a cloud of tire smoke, cutting across all four lances behind the stopped semi.
238) 0) text: Sarah tries to ride down the steep embankment but loses control, spilling the bike.  She and Kyle tumble down the slope. MOVING WITH HER as she scrambles, half-dragging Kyle, thr a row of trees at a chainlink retaining fence.  She crawl under the fence, tugs Kyle and the satchel through after. Sarah looks up at the source of a SUDDEN THUNDEROUS ROAR.
239) 0) text: Sarah and Kyle scramble up and run across the STORAGE LOT of a MODERN FACTORY COMPLEX of LOW BUILDINGS.  Kyle strug to keep up, holding the satchel. LIKE A JUGGERNAUT the truck follows, smashing through par cars and FLATTENING A PRE-FAB STORAGE BUILDING. They enter an alley-like space between two buildings. Kyle is fumbling to open the satchel. ANGLE BACK as the tanker enters the alley.  It TEARS THE CORNER OFF ONE BUILDING as it turns in.  Terminator looks down from his mountain of steel.
240) 0) text: OVER TERMINATOR'S SHOULDER, looking down at a tiny figure below, running in the headlights' glare.  It is Sarah, al
241) 0) text: Reese crouches in a TRASH-DUMPSTER which is sandwiched between the wall and the tanker.  There are only inches of clearance as the trailers pass by. He lights a PIPE CHARGE, jumps up and wedges it under the tank-cylinder of the second trailer. He ducks as it rolls on. Sarah is stumbling in the glare of the truck's lights. E.C.U. - PIPE BOMB, the fuse burning. M.C.U. - TERMINATOR, through the windshield, his eye glow C.U. - REESE huddles in the dumpster.
242) 0) text: Sarah crawls away from the intense heat and lies watching the motionless figure in the blaze.
242) 4) dialog: We did it, Kyle.  We got it.
243) 0) text: C.U. - SARAH - She chokes on a scream, crams knuckles in her mouth. FULL SHOT (FX), as the machine takes a step toward them, dragging one MALFUNCTIONING LEG. PANAGLIDE WITH KYLE AND SARAH as they stagger to their fe and run to the nearest building.  They come to a glass do Kyle kicks it in.  Unlatches it.  They enter dark OFFICES to the sound of ALARMS and DISTANT SIRENS.
244) 0) text: Sarah and Kyle run down a corridor. Through a door, which they close and lock. They move off down a cross-corridor. The Terminator BLASTS THE DOOR OFF ITS HINGES, F.G., and staggers through.  It starts after their receding figures as they round the corner at the end of the hall.
247) 0) text: Sarah and Kyle look back at the sound of SHATTERING GLASS PANAGLIDE PRECEDING THE TERMINATOR as it crashes forward, line-of-sight, through the maze.  It splinters partitions Flings desks out of the way. FOLLOWING SARAH AND KYLE as they reach a heavy FIREDOOR a go through.
248) 1) dialog: (panting) What are you doing?
248) 3) text: He sags, sliding down the wall.  She pulls him up. Half-carries him into the maze of machines. The dark gallery is filled with WHIRRING, CLANKING SHAPES SHATTERING CONVEYER BELTS and improbable mechanisms lashi mindlessly. Reese slips to the floor and Sarah is no longer able to support him.
248) 5) text: Sarah crouches beside him. Grabs his shirt front. Yells over the machines.
248) 6) dialog: I'm not leaving you anywhere you jerk.  Haven't you figured it out?  Kyle, John is our son.
248) 8) dialog: (continuing) There isn't going to be anybody else...I don't want anybody else.  Listen to me!
248) 10) dialog: (continuing) Move!  Reese! Let's go. Move you ass!
248) 11) text: She drags him to his feet and he staggers on. Hinges SHATTER and the firedoor is hurled inward. The Terminator scans the darkness. ANGLE - PANNING WITH SARAH AND KYLE as they move through the machines. The cyborg steps forward, scanning methodically. Sarah and Kyle move in a crouch through the treacherous tangle of pipes and machinery.  Kyle picks up a length of pipe to use as a weapon.  As they climb out onto a cat- walk between the two huge mechanisms, Sarah clambers over an innocuous CONTROL PANEL. Her knee inadvertently hits a RED PUSH BUTTON. With a ROAR the stamping-plate of a HYDRAULIC PRESS slams down an inch from her hand. Startled, she tumbles to the catwalk. The Terminator's eyes swivel as he hears the single non- rhythmic sound. Kyle and Sarah run to the end of the catwalk, but find th door there locked.
248) 12) dialog: Come on!
248) 15) text: He pushes Sarah roughly and she stumbles away. Kyle raises the pipe with his good arm as the Terminator advances.
248) 17) text: She hesitates, backing away. The cyborg swings at Reese STEEL CLANGS ON STEEL. Kyle strikes and parries but is sledgehammered back. ANGLE ON CATWALK as Kyle lands in a heap, smashed against a stanchion of the railing which prevented him falling to the factory floor twenty feet below. Sarah turns and runs. LOW ANGLE PAST REESE, F.G., as the cyborg approaches him. E.C.U. - A FUSE BURNING. C.U. - KYLE'S FACE streaked with blood, pressed to the floor as a metal foot CLANGS DOWN, F.G.   His eyes snap o Sarah falls, gets up, runs on. The Terminator draws back for a death blow. And Kyle rolls with the last of his strength, raising the pipe bomb he has been cradling.  He jams it between t hydraulic cylinders just beneath the cyborg's armored  ri cage.  Then rolls off the catwalk.  Terminator has an ins to react, reaching for the bomb, before it EXPLODES. Sarah is pitched forward by the blast and slides on the floor. Slams up against one wall. A withering spray of shrapnel strafes the walls around he Pieces of scrap metal clatter throughout the factory, rai ing down. C.U. - SARAH, very still.  She winces and opens her eyes. Slowly looks up. POV - SARAH, as the smoke clears.  The Terminator is GONE Unrecognizable clumps of BURNING DEBRIS lie scattered abo Looking down through the grating floor she sees Kyle's body. LOW ANGLE ON KYLE F.G., Sarah on catwalk above.  Kyle's e are half-open.  Still.  His face peaceful. ANGLE ON ONE OF THE FIRES climbing some plastic tubing an triggering a SPRINKLER HEAD.  It begins to rain. C.U. - SARAH sitting up as the water runs over her. She looks down.  Protruding from her right thigh is a TWI PIECE OF METAL.  Shrapnel.  Part of the cyborg.  She pull it out, grimacing.  Her leg is broken. It is a long time before she can gather the will to move. SARAH'S POV - She sees a WALL PHONE several yards away, beyond the debris from the explosion. She starts to crawl toward it. She passes A LARGE CLUMP OF DEBRIS, F.G. ANGLE ON DEBRIS (FX) as it rolls over suddenly! Now recognizable as the TERMINATOR'S HEAD AND ARMS, with half of the scattered torso trailing wires and twisted metal.
248) 19) dialog: (voice icy) You're...terminated...fucker!
249) 0) text: CLOSE ON the side rail of an ambulance gurney SNAPPING UP into position.  Sarah's eyes are closed and she is moved OUT OF FRAME. WIDE SHOT, showing the gurney being rolled by TWO ATTENDA past the site of the last explosion. SEVERAL POLICE OFFICERS are picking through the debris. PANNING WITH THE GURNEY as it is wheeled out, holding on TWO FACTORY EMPLOYEES, F.G. One, the PLANT MANAGER, bends to examine a piece of the cyborg lying at the base of the hydraulic press. A COP, B.G., notices this.
250) 0) text: Sarah is being lifted into the ambulance.  She looks up as the doors are latched shut. TILT UP to follow her gaze. The sign above the entrance of the building reads:
251) 1) dialog: ...and the hardest thing is deciding what I should tell you and what not to.  Well, anyway, I've got a while yet before you're old enough to understand the tapes.  They're more for me at this point... to help get it all straight.
251) 2) text: COVER SHOT reveals Sarah as the wheel of a dusty landrove parked at the pump island of a tiny gas station.  All of its signs are in hand-lettered Spanish.  Beyond lies an expanse of scrub desert.  The sky scowls with an impendin storm. Sarah speaks quietly into a hand microphone as a dark- complected attendant laconically fills her tank.  She cradles the cassette recorder in her lap, in the lee of her SWOLLEN BELLY. She looks to be about SIX MONTHS ALONG. Under her down vest she wears a leather shoulder holster and the butt of a .357 REVOLVER presses against her breast.  She tugs the vest closed as the attendant glance her way.  A German Shepherd sits in the back among taped boxes and suitcases.
251) 3) dialog: (continuing) Should I tell you about your father?  That's a tough one. Will it change your decision to send him here...knowing? But if you don't send Kyle, you could never be.  God, you can go crazy thinking about all this...I suppose I'll tell you...I owe him that. And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth...
251) 4) text: CLICK.  WHIR.  Sarah jumps at a sound nearby, breaking her reverie.  A small MEXICAN BOY has snapped her picture with a beat-up Polaroid camera.  He holds it out to her, speaking rapid Spanish.
251) 6) dialog: That's a pretty good hustle, kid.  Four.  Quatro.
251) 10) dialog: What did he say?
251) 12) text: Sarah gazes at the thunderheads building up out over the desert.  Heat lightning pulses in their depths.
251) 13) dialog: (quietly) I know.