57) 0) text: CAMERA PANAGLIDES AHEAD OF VUKOVICH, as he climbs the swi back staircase two steps at a time.  He passes TWO UNIFOR COPS at the doorway of a second-floor apartment, and ente to find a quiet flurry of activity.  Several DETECTIVES a a PHOTOGRAPHER prowl around, taking evidence, taking pict In the center of the living room floor is the body of a young woman, crumpled face down in a small lake of blood. Two bags of groceries lie split open on the floor in fron of her. Vukovich glances up as he is joined by DETECTIVE SGT. TRAXLER.  Traxler is black, lean and very jaded.
57) 2) dialog: Six shots at less than ten feet.  Weapon was a large caliber--
57) 5) text: Traxler turns to a passing DETECTIVE.
57) 6) dialog: Come on. man.  Don't track it all over.  It's un- professional.
57) 8) dialog: (continuing) Okay, let's see...Got a pos- itive on her.  She's Sarah Connor, works as a legal--
57) 10) text: Traxler slips something off his clipboard and hands it to the Lieutenant.
57) 11) dialog: Here's her driver's license.
57) 13) dialog: I hate the weird ones.
62) 0) text: DOLLYING WITH VUKOVICH and TRAXLER, as they pass through group of REPORTERS.  Mostly newspaper stringers but there is also one bored local TV MINICAM CREW.
62) 3) text: He and Traxler enter their office and shut the door.
62) 6) dialog: That stuff's two hours cold.
62) 8) dialog: (eyeing him) I put a cigarette out in it.
62) 11) dialog: No.  Keep getting an answer- ing machine.
62) 13) dialog: I already did.  No answer at the door and the apartment manager's out.  I'm keeping them there.
62) 15) dialog: I just called.
62) 17) text: Traxler picks up the phone and begins to dial her number as Vukovich sets down his coffee cup, unwraps a stick of gum and pops it in his mouth.
65) 0) text: Traxler hangs up the phone.
65) 1) dialog: Same shit.
65) 3) dialog: I hate the press cases. Especially the weird press cases.  Where you going?
65) 7) dialog: Like shit, boss.
73) 0) text: PANAGLIDE WITH GINGER as she ties her terry-cloth robe an leaving Matt in a dead sleep, pads through the dark apart Down the hall, past the phone with Traxler's message. Through the dark living room. She has her Walkman in the pocket of her robe and bops to herself in the silent gloom as she enters the kitchen. When she opens the refrigerator to remove snack fixings, light briefly illuminates the kitchen and in that moment, SOMETHING MOVES in the F.G. TIGHT ON GINGER, MOVING WITH HER as she backs toward the counter with her arms full of snack stuff. A SUDDEN CRASH.  A flurry of motion behind her. She spins, dropping half her load. Ginger fumbles for the lightswitch. Revealing Pugsley, sitting there blinking innocently amon overturned spice bottles on the counter-top.
86) 2) text: He hangs up and grabs his coat, motioning to Traxler.
89) 0) text: Vukovich draws his Colt Python .357 Magnum and check the load.  Traxler is driving.
102) 0) text: Vukovich's plain car arrives, slewing to a stop in the glass-littered street in front of the blazing building. He leaps out, Traxler right in behind him.
109) 0) text: ON VUKOVICH as he runs to his car, exhorting the nearby LAPD guys to give pursuit, while Traxler grabs the radio.
109) 2) dialog: (overlapping) Suspect westbound on Olympic.  Grey sedan.  Has hostage, repeat...
148) 0) text: Sarah, huddles in a blanket, is siting on a bench opposit Vukovich's desk.  Motionless.  Her eyes are fixed on the middle distance.  She's been crying.  Now she's emptied o The door opens. At the sound of the latch Sarah jerks as if struck, and c involuntarily.  Vukovich enters with Traxler and DR. PETE SILBERMAN, a criminal psychologist.  Silberman is smooth of skin and manner, young, ambitious and...fat.  He is enthusiastic about the workings of the human psyche, as emotionally involved as someone pulling the wings off a f Vukovich sits beside Sarah and hands her a cup of coffee. He puts a paternal arm around her shoulders.
151) 0) text: Vukovich and Traxler are seated in the dark room, watchin Reese, B.G., through the two-way mirror.  Just behind the glass is a VIDEO CAMERA ON A TRIPOD, aimed at Reese, and a CART holding a SMALL MONITOR and VIDEOCASSETTE RECORDER
151) 2) dialog: (quietly, to Vukovich) This is fucking great.
153) 0) text: Traxler snorts and grins.
153) 1) dialog: (to Vukovich) That Silberman just crack me up. (pause) He had this guy in here last week who set his Afghan on fire. Screwed it first, then set it on--
156) 2) text: CUT WIDE revealing Sarah, Silberman, Vukovich and Traxler watching a monitor sitting amid incredible paperwork clut on a desk top.
156) 4) text: Traxler, standing in the back, grins and nudges Silberman who nods appreciatively. TIGHT ON REESE'S RECORDED IMAGE - He glares at Silberman. ON SARAH, as Silberman's voice is heard.
156) 40) dialog: (shrugs) Probably on PCP, broke every bone in his hand and won't feel it for hours.  There was this guy once that...
157) 1) dialog: What? (pause) Ed, come on...the guy's a wacko.
169) 0) text: Traxler leaves the other detective to guard Reese, who is still handcuffed to the chair.
169) 1) dialog: (exciting) Watch him.
170) 0) text: Traxler is running down the hall through smoke and the wild strobing of electrical fires as Vukovich steps out of an armory room.  He tosses Traxler an M-16 and they run on.
174) 0) text: Vukovich edges open a door and fires half a clip into Terminator's back.  His eyes  bulge as the intruder turns slamming a clip into his rifle and calmly fires two round Traxler drags Vukovich's body back inside the room.
174) 1) dialog: Ed!  Ed...?