56) 0) text: An unmarked car with a clamp-on light and siren blaring screeches to the curb behind two marked black-and-whites in front of a funky Venice apartment building.  A small crowd  is gathered around the front steps.  LIEUTENANT ED VUKOVICH, Homicide Division, gets out of the car and strides through the crowd.  He's fiftyish, short, but square and solid, a human bulldog gone a little to paunch He chews Juicy Fruit gum like a maniac: a chain-chewer. He's homely as an old boot.  And he's not a smart cop, he a wise one; rarer still.  The onlookers, gathered patient for their ten second glimpse of something under a sheet, separate for him to pass.
57) 0) text: CAMERA PANAGLIDES AHEAD OF VUKOVICH, as he climbs the swi back staircase two steps at a time.  He passes TWO UNIFOR COPS at the doorway of a second-floor apartment, and ente to find a quiet flurry of activity.  Several DETECTIVES a a PHOTOGRAPHER prowl around, taking evidence, taking pict In the center of the living room floor is the body of a young woman, crumpled face down in a small lake of blood. Two bags of groceries lie split open on the floor in fron of her. Vukovich glances up as he is joined by DETECTIVE SGT. TRAXLER.  Traxler is black, lean and very jaded.
57) 1) dialog: Give me the short version.
57) 3) text: Vukovich is looking at the body.
57) 4) dialog: No shit.
57) 7) text: He turn back to Vukovich, gesturing at the body.
57) 9) dialog: (interrupting) That can't be right.  That's the name of the one Valley Division mopped up this after- noon.
57) 12) dialog: (pondering) You gotta be kidding me.  The new guys'll be short-stroking it over this one.  A one-day pattern killer.
62) 0) text: DOLLYING WITH VUKOVICH and TRAXLER, as they pass through group of REPORTERS.  Mostly newspaper stringers but there is also one bored local TV MINICAM CREW.
62) 2) dialog: No comment.
62) 7) dialog: (nodding ab- sently) I know.
62) 9) text: Vukovich, lost in thought, turns on him suddenly.
62) 10) dialog: Did you reach the next girl yet?
62) 12) dialog: Send a unit.
62) 14) dialog: Call her.
62) 16) dialog: Call her again.
62) 17) text: Traxler picks up the phone and begins to dial her number as Vukovich sets down his coffee cup, unwraps a stick of gum and pops it in his mouth.
62) 18) dialog: (continuing) Got a cigarette?
65) 2) dialog: I can hear it now, it's gonna be the goddamned 'Phone Book Killer'.
65) 4) dialog: (heading for the door) To make a statement. I'm gonna give them the name.  Maybe the jackals can help us out for once.
65) 6) dialog: (continuing) If they can get this on the tube by eleven, she may just call us. (pause) How do I look?
65) 8) text: Vukovich goes out and the Minicam light hits him as the door closes.
84) 1) dialog: (on phone) I won't.  Now just relax. Where are you? (pause) Yeah, I know it...on Pico. Are you alright?
86) 1) dialog: (on phone) Alright, Ms. Connor.  Listen carefully.  You're in a public place, you'll be safe 'til we get there.  Stay visible. Don't go outside or in the restroom.  I'll be there in a few minutes.
86) 3) dialog: Let's roll.
89) 0) text: Vukovich draws his Colt Python .357 Magnum and check the load.  Traxler is driving.
89) 1) dialog: Let's see how this guy likes playing hard-ball.
90) 4) text: REVERSE ANGLE - It is not Lt. Vukovich. Terminator sits motionless for a BEAT. Blue eyes so pure and deep.  The eyes of a saint, perhaps The .45 is out and cocked and AIMED DIRECTLY AT CAMERA, a in one motion. The bore seems enormous. BACK ON SARAH, over the gun barrel, her eyes go wide.  We a BEAT, like a frozen slice of nightmare. MEDIUM ON REESE as he whips the riot-gun to a hip-firing tion, his overcoat falling back with a snap.  HE FIRES. ON TERMINATOR, as the shotgun blast hits his arm and he F simultaneously.  Sarah screams as the .45 round blows stu out of the booth seat inches from her face.  Her hair is singed by burning gunpowder.  An involuntary cry is punch out of her by the double concussions. Reese is stroking up another shell as Terminator half-ris from booth. OVER REESE'S SHOULDER, as he fires, cocks the slide, fire again, advancing on Sarah's booth. Terminator is blown backward over the center divider, crashing through the glasses and pitchers of beer on the table opposite, and onto the floor. Sarah is screaming, scrunched down in the booth. Terminator is lying on his back at the feet of a table- full of drunk patrons. He has two rifled 12 gauge slugs in his chest and one in the arm. The bar customers are frozen in the weird tableau, coweri gaping. Sarah stops screaming. Reese stand motionless, gun aimed. In the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotg is abnormally loud. ON TERMINATOR, very still. Then he smoothly rolls to a crouch and slips the UZI mach pistol from beneath his overcoat, where it has been hang- ing on a shoulder strap. He doesn't seem too impaired as he swings around to fire. Reese rolls like a cat and comes up firing. A burst from the UZI rakes the bar where he stood. An orgy of shattering glass. Total pandemonium. SEVERAL ANGLES  as patrons of the bar run, scream or dive for cover, depending upon their level of intelligence. Reese slides through the glass to Sarah's booth and seize her wrists. ON TERMINATOR, kneeling amid the chaos, raising the UZI one-handed. Reese tugs viciously on Sarah's arm and she sprawls acros the booth seat a moment before the divider and seat cushi erupt with hits from the UZI. ANGLE ON A RUNNING PATRON as a burst of 9mm fire catches him in the chest.  He pitches into Sarah's booth, pinning her. Reese fires, ducks, fires again. Tables crash over. A window is blown out. A table candle rolls into a pool of high-proof alcohol behind the bar. It ignites with a WHOOSH. Reese feed two shells into the riot-gun. TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, an island of slow, precise movement amid the confusion.  He drops a spent clip.  Reaches for another with his bloody hand. MOVING WITH REESE as he vaults the row of booths and star firing.  At point blank range he unloads the shotgun into Terminator's belly.
102) 0) text: Vukovich's plain car arrives, slewing to a stop in the glass-littered street in front of the blazing building. He leaps out, Traxler right in behind him.
102) 1) dialog: (shouting) What the fuck is going on?
102) 3) dialog: (continuing) Cover the alley in back.
108) 0) text: The sedan skids, slewing sideways into a parked car. Terminator rolls down off onto the pavement. Reese's car shoots forward. PANNING WITH SEDAN as it roars past Vukovich, the gatheri minions of the burning building, an arriving fire truck...shoots through a red light and continues to accel erate. Terminator gets to a kneeling position, then slowly stand He pats out his smoldering clothing as he watches his qua escape.
109) 0) text: ON VUKOVICH as he runs to his car, exhorting the nearby LAPD guys to give pursuit, while Traxler grabs the radio.
109) 1) dialog: (shouting) Go!  Go!  He's got her.
147) 0) text: MOVING WITH BOTH CARS as the Buick skids with rear tires locked.  Reese and Terminator FIRE simultaneously. TIGHT ON REESE as the doorpost next to his shoulder is torn out by the other's blast. ON TERMINATOR, leaning to see around his shattered wind- shield.  Too late. He hurtles into the intersection, past the skidding Buick Clips the back of the semi. Spins radically. Vaults the curb in a screeching front-end roll. WHIP-PANNING WITH THE CRUISER as it crashes upside-down through the counter area of an A &amp; W. LOW ANGLE as Reese and Sarah slide to a stop in a cloud of tire smoke. Transmission fluid pours out of the car like blood. An instant later they are surrounded by an assortment of LAPD, SHERIFF'S DEPT., and CHP CARS. The helicopter hovers overhead. MEDIUM ON SARAH AND REESE, he raises his hands, through the side window, in plain sight. A phalanx of cops, guns drawn, approaches the car warily. Sarah looks at Reese.  Then at the cops.  She opens the d and runs, staggering, toward them.  Vukovich steps forwar and pulls her away to safety. C.U. - REESE watching her go as a cop eases his door open
148) 0) text: Sarah, huddles in a blanket, is siting on a bench opposit Vukovich's desk.  Motionless.  Her eyes are fixed on the middle distance.  She's been crying.  Now she's emptied o The door opens. At the sound of the latch Sarah jerks as if struck, and c involuntarily.  Vukovich enters with Traxler and DR. PETE SILBERMAN, a criminal psychologist.  Silberman is smooth of skin and manner, young, ambitious and...fat.  He is enthusiastic about the workings of the human psyche, as emotionally involved as someone pulling the wings off a f Vukovich sits beside Sarah and hands her a cup of coffee. He puts a paternal arm around her shoulders.
148) 1) dialog: Here, drink some of this...
148) 3) dialog: They've already been identi- fied.  There's no doubt.
148) 6) text: Vukovich takes the coffee cup from her as her arms sag an it starts to spill.
148) 7) dialog: (gently) Sarah. (pause) Sarah, this is Dr. Silber- man.  I'd like you to tell him everything Reese said to you.  Do you feel up to it?
151) 0) text: Vukovich and Traxler are seated in the dark room, watchin Reese, B.G., through the two-way mirror.  Just behind the glass is a VIDEO CAMERA ON A TRIPOD, aimed at Reese, and a CART holding a SMALL MONITOR and VIDEOCASSETTE RECORDER
153) 2) dialog: (leaning forward) Shut up.
156) 2) text: CUT WIDE revealing Sarah, Silberman, Vukovich and Traxler watching a monitor sitting amid incredible paperwork clut on a desk top.
156) 26) text: MEDIUM ON VUKOVICH, gesturing to Silberman, who is near t machine, to kill it.
156) 30) text: The screen goes black. Vukovich has cut off the tape.
156) 36) text: Vukovich hands her something that looks like umpire's padding.
156) 37) dialog: Sarah, this is body armor. Out TAC guys wear it.  It'll stop a 12 gauge round.  This other individual must've had one under his coat.
156) 41) text: Vukovich cuts him off with a gesture and sits beside Sara on the bench.
156) 42) dialog: Why don't you just stretch out here and get some sleep.  It'll take your mom a good hour to get here from Redlands.
156) 44) dialog: Go ahead.  You're safe.  There're thirty cops in this building.
157) 0) text: Vukovich pauses outside the door, lost in thought.  Traxl studies him for a second.
157) 2) text: Vukovich glances up.
157) 3) dialog: (quietly) He'd better be.
165) 0) text: Shots are echoing in the hallway as Vukovich whips open the door, startling the hell out of Sarah.
165) 1) dialog: Stay here.
170) 0) text: Traxler is running down the hall through smoke and the wild strobing of electrical fires as Vukovich steps out of an armory room.  He tosses Traxler an M-16 and they run on.
174) 0) text: Vukovich edges open a door and fires half a clip into Terminator's back.  His eyes  bulge as the intruder turns slamming a clip into his rifle and calmly fires two round Traxler drags Vukovich's body back inside the room.
177) 1) dialog: (weakly) Reese!
177) 2) text: They find the Lieutenant propped in a corner, dying. Reese bends toward him. Vukovich holds out his custom Colt Python .357.
177) 3) dialog: (continuing) You just keep her alive.  Do what you have to.
177) 4) text: Reese snatches the gun and the keys and runs on. C.U. - VUKOVICH watching them go.