37) 0) text: Sizette and   Chris with the family at dinner. Suzette is passed the   Rand Daily Mail newspaper by Chris, folded a an article   headlined: "WHAT REALLY HAPPENED TO JONATHAN NGUBENE?"    by Melanie Bruwer.
69) 9) text: On the doorstep of the funeral parlor: Stanley and Ben run into a young woman coming out with a shoulder bag and a camera. The young woman and Stanley exchange a quick, friendly greeting -- it's MELANIE BRUWER, the Rand Daily reporter -- and keep moving.
87) 33) text: Mrs. Bruwer, I'm not...
88) 2) text: There he is by the eucalyptus tree, on the left. That's old Bruwer. They get out of the car and walk towards him.
88) 5) dialog: (without looking up)
88) 8) dialog: Does anyone have a friend nowadays?
88) 13) dialog: Do you like bees?
88) 18) dialog: You shut up. (to Ben)
88) 21) dialog: There's the rub, my girl. There's the rub. One of these days I'll ask the bees. I'm sure they have the answer. Now, you two run along! He replaces his net and continues with the hive.
88) 23) dialog: I've been peeing too much this morning.
89) 0) text: The Bruwer living room is a profusion of piles of papers, of books on shelves, on tables, on the floor, paintings -- records, African sculptures. On the floor tangled lengths of flex leading from a record player to two voluminous speakers. A settee, a chess set. The furniture is old and well- used, dominated by a large leather club chair -- two big cats sleeping on it. It's civilized pandemonium.
98) 0) text: Ben stops the car in the Bruwer driveway. From the driving seat he searches the garden for Bruwer. He walks up to the front door and knocks, but there's no reply. He goes 'round to the back and finds the old man on his knees weeding his vegetable garden.
98) 2) dialog: (looking up)
98) 5) dialog: You mean the area or the produce?
98) 10) dialog: What's the world coming to? It's herbs, can't you see? Thyme there, oregano over there, feunel next to the tomatoes, sage here and rosemary somewhere. Poor plants, they re not in their ideal soil or climate. Next time, I'll bring some soil from the mountain of Zeus. Perhaps the old man's holiness will do the trick. He throws down the small weeding-fork.
98) 11) dialog: Come, you are just the person to sample my greengage wine. I don't suppose you've ever tasted it? I'm sure I'm the only person in the country making greengage wine. He leads Ben to the two old chairs by the back wall. He enters the kitchen and returns with a bottle of greengage wine and two glasses.
98) 12) dialog: (as he pours)
98) 15) dialog: (taking a sip)
98) 18) dialog: Misunderstood.
98) 23) dialog: (referring to the wine)
98) 27) dialog: Melanie has told me a little about you. It's not an easy road you have chosen.
98) 29) dialog: Of course you have a choice. Damn it. One always has a choice. Only thank God you made the choice you did. But all I want to say is, keep your eyes open, young man.
98) 31) dialog: We are both Boers, Ben. We know how hard our people worked to get a toehold on this land; it was a good life. Now look at the mess. It's all systems and no God! Sooner or later people start believing in their way of life as an absolute: unmutable, fundamental, a precondition. Saw it, with my own eyes in Germany, a nation running after an idea. Sieg heil, sieg heil. I left there thirty years ago because I couldn't take it any longer. And now I see it happening in my own country, step by step. Terrifyingly predictable. This sickness of the great abstraction. He farts and sips his greengage wine.
98) 36) dialog: Take for example the way the government is handling the electorate; like a bloody donkey. Carrot in front and kick at the backside. The carrot is apartheid, Dogma. The kick is quite simply, fear. Black peril, red peril, whatever name you want to give it. (pause)
98) 40) dialog: You are right. We still have time. History should teach us about those who regarded themselves as the chosen people.
98) 42) text: Professor Bruwer, may I say I have needed to hear somebody say some of the things you said. I still have hope for our country.
98) 43) dialog: If you lose that you have lost everything. I'll get back to the earth.
98) 49) dialog: I'll tell that hot-head daughter of mine that you came to see her. Ben takes his leave.
132) 0) text: A very tense Ben is sitting on Professor Bruwer's chair. Melanie is curled up on the old settee.
142) 6) text: I'm waiting for a passenger, Miss Bruwer. She's taking a rather long time to be cleared. OFFICIAL
142) 8) text: Melanie Bruwer. OFFICIAL