3) 0) text: The charge office is sparcely furnished with a long bench along a wall. There is a reception counter with Sgt: Van Zyl in charge. The boys are lined up against a wall. The sergeant stands with a tall blond man with a scar on his chin, CAPTAIN STOLZ.
43) 0) text: Gordon stands facing the wall, his arm raised.    He has wetted his trousers. Captain Stolz is pacing behind him. Lieutenant Venter, sitting on the edge of the desk, is smoking. STOLZ
43) 5) text: (very calmly) Why don't you answer the Captain, han? He walks back to his place. Captain Stolz opens the door and shouts:
45) 0) text: Gordon's still sitting on the chair, slumped -- Johannes removes the handcuffs as the Lieutenant removes the wet bag. Gordon is breathing heavily and semi-conscious. Suddenly Captain Stolz punches him heavily on the face. Gordon drops on the floor with blood gushing from his nos and mouth. Captain Stolz grabs him by his collar.
46) 5) text: Come in. The door opens revealing Captain Stolz. VILJOEN
46) 6) text: Captain Stolz, Mr. Du Toit. Captain Stolz nods correctly, unsmiling, comfortably dressed, English-style. He shakes hands with Ben. Then walks toward the window and stands there. As he's watching Ben, he begins to clean out his pipe wit a silver penknife; VILJOEN
63) 1) dialog: Sorry I'm late. Captain Stolz enters carrying a thickish file under his arms, goes straight to the desk and sits down.
63) 2) dialog: Johnannes, the table. Johannes moves the table in line with the desk. Lieutenant Venter and Johannes lift the trussed Gordon and the ends of the rod between the desk and table.
85) 28) text: ... until I lost consciousness. They did this several time and the last one Captain Stolz said 'come on meid, speak up, or do you want to die like Gordon Ngubene?' A few days later I was released. ON Melanie taking notes.
118) 0) text: Parked outside the house is a municipality truck already half-laden with Emily's furniture and possessions. Four Africans in khaki overalls are loading the truck -- super vising the eviction of Emily are a white Soweto official, Captain Stolz and Lt. Venter. In the b.g., a hundred yard away is a "hippo" with black and white armed policemen. Behind the truck are two police Land Rovers. Emily is sitting outside on one of her chairs as neighbor walk up to her to comfort her and say their goodbyes. Her daughter is carrying the youngest child and standing next to Emily -- several children are watching. A woman in the crowd starts singing a freedom song: "UMZIMA LOMTHWALO" ("THIS BURDEN IS HEAVY"). The song is taken up by the other women. Venter tries to stop them and disperse them. Stolz signals to him to leave them alone. One of the Africans then walks up to her for the chair. She refuses to get off the chair. The man looks at the white official as though to ask "what do I do." The official looks at Stolz. Venter walks up to Emily and, about to pull her off the chair. EMILY
157) 0) text: Viljoen has just finished opening the brown envelope. He pulls out the half-burnt Picasso book and Captain Stolz's card which he gave to Ben. On the card is written: "APARTHEID MUST GO" TOT SIENS (goodbye)
160) 0) text: Captain Stolz alone in the car.        He drives around t corner into the cafe street. Just then, Ben is hurrying across the road to his car. Captain Stolz sees him, accelerates and hits Ben, hurling him high into the air. And speeds away. People rush to Ben's side... crowd quietly gathers. FREEZE FRAME and...