4) 0) text: The MUSIC STOPS. The doors open. The 40 years-old- minister Bester comes to the door, then stands and greets his parishioners as they file out of the church. Amongst them, Ben Du Toit -- his wife, SUSAN, a clean- cut, immaculate, "toe-the-line" beauty and his son, Johan -- the blond, blue-eyed, tanned and torsoed fourteen- year-old every father dreams of. Susan greets friends and acquaintances, pausing to chat... mostly formalities. Johan, his eyes on a girl his age. She is with her father, Mr. Cloete, the headmaster -- she smiles at Johan from a distance; he waves awkwardly as she drives off with her parents. SUZETTE his daughter, sophisticated -- groomed. She takes her baby from the black nanny waiting in the car, carries the child to the group chatting with CHRIS, her husband. She shows it off proudly. Ben is chatting, concerned, to a WOMAN. She looks drawn and worried.
5) 0) text: The Du Toit family. Susan is bringing out the salads. Chris, her son-in-law, is at the barbecue, stinging his eyes. Ben is bouncing his grandson, little Hennie, in a small, portable pool. The black nanny sits in attendance in the shade, a towel at the ready. The good life... ... Suddenly disturbed by... Gordon and Jonathan standing uncertain at the far side of the garden; Gordon's hat pressed flat against his chest, Jonathan defiant. Susan looks up -- as do each in turn -- curious at the intrusion... then the black nanny -- and finally Ben. After a moment, Ben walks up to Gordon.
37) 0) text: Sizette and   Chris with the family at dinner. Suzette is passed the   Rand Daily Mail newspaper by Chris, folded a an article   headlined: "WHAT REALLY HAPPENED TO JONATHAN NGUBENE?"    by Melanie Bruwer.
37) 5) dialog: The Rand Daily Mail always exaggerates.
37) 12) dialog: What does she expect? They're out of control. Give then an inch and they take a hundred miles. It's in their nature. The only language they understand is force.
37) 14) dialog: You're not a terrorist. If you were -- like an increasing number of them, you'd deserve it. Look, every time you pick up the newspaper...
127) 0) text: Christmas day lunch. Assembled around the table are Ben's Father-in-law, his wife Helen, Suzette and Chris, her husband, Johan, Ben and Susan. They're all wearing paper hats from Christmas crackers. On the table is a large piece of roast lamb, ox tongue, a large turkey and assorted vegetables. Ben is at the head of the table adjacent to the door lead ing to the kitchen, the Father-in-law is sitting by his side facing the door. Ben is in the middle of carving the turkey, plates are being passed to him. JOHAN
128) 6) text: Merry Christmas, everyone! There's deadly quiet -- not even the clink of a spoon -- as the Du Toits look on aghast. Slowly, as if in a dream, Ben rises and goes to Stanley who spots him.
128) 15) text: A Kaffir calling me a Boer? Chris hurries into the kitchen ready for a fight.
128) 16) dialog: Ben, did you hear that?   Call the police, Ben!
128) 26) dialog: Let me throw him out. Ben steps between them and pushes Chris back into the dining room.
129) 4) text: Chris! Chris follows. Susan also. From the living room, she calls Johan who is left alone at the table, perplexed. Johan goes to his mother. There's a general rush for the door and, without warning, the room is empty. Only the TIN ANGELS TINKLE merrily around their candles.