1) 18) text: See you both later. Gordon returns to his work a little distance further. A group of students are laughing and pushing each other boisterously. As they near Jonathan, two nudge each other and giggle. Then, one of them trips Jonathan. He falls to the ground and jumps up aggressively, about to attack the boy. Gordon shouts "Jonathan." The headmaster, MRS. CLOETE, aged 65 years, has observed the incident, but takes no action. Jonathan stands panting with rage.       He suddenly stri away towards the gate in a rage.
4) 0) text: The MUSIC STOPS. The doors open. The 40 years-old- minister Bester comes to the door, then stands and greets his parishioners as they file out of the church. Amongst them, Ben Du Toit -- his wife, SUSAN, a clean- cut, immaculate, "toe-the-line" beauty and his son, Johan -- the blond, blue-eyed, tanned and torsoed fourteen- year-old every father dreams of. Susan greets friends and acquaintances, pausing to chat... mostly formalities. Johan, his eyes on a girl his age. She is with her father, Mr. Cloete, the headmaster -- she smiles at Johan from a distance; he waves awkwardly as she drives off with her parents. SUZETTE his daughter, sophisticated -- groomed. She takes her baby from the black nanny waiting in the car, carries the child to the group chatting with CHRIS, her husband. She shows it off proudly. Ben is chatting, concerned, to a WOMAN. She looks drawn and worried.
31) 16) dialog: ... This business of Gordon's son. Be careful, Ben. These are not normal times -- one has to make allowances.
32) 5) dialog: I understand -- it's your Christian duty to your neighbor.
32) 7) dialog: Just don't get too close. Teachers must stay out of politics. Love to Susan! And drives off, leaving Ben watching him, shaking his head at the man's obtuseness.
41) 0) text: Ben appears on the other side of the veranda. He is in Cloete's company -- the little big man... grey hair... 65 years old. The headmaster. They stop in before Ben's colleague, Vivier, passing, shakes hands with him. A woman arrives and waits. Cloete says something to Ben, then laughs.
52) 0) text: Susan reaches VIVIERS and the minister DOMINEE BESTER, with their dessert plates. The candles have burned down amid the detritus of dinner: glasses disarranged and dirty, the cloth spotted with food and wine and ashes. In addition to Viviers, dateless, and Bester and his wife, the school's headmaster, Cloete and his wife.
54) 4) dialog: Please! Ben serves her. Susan passes to fetch milk jug and sugar basin from the chine cupboard.
54) 5) dialog: (to Mrs. Bester)
62) 1) text: More coffee, anyone? General assent. CLOETE
62) 3) text: They could make a mistake. CLOETE
62) 7) text: (serving coffee to Cloete)
62) 8) text: And a hard worker too. CLOETE
62) 16) dialog: I have a responsibility for the children. These are troubled times, Ben, we can't trust the natives any more.
62) 19) dialog: Then he's got nothing to worry about!
64) 3) text: The faces    of his friends scattered among the pews, Suz and Susan    listening intently, Johan beside her visibly bored, his    eyes wandering to the Cloete's daughter at the end of    the pew.
95) 5) text: ... Mr. Cloete, may I ask what on earth has the picture to do with politics?... I'm sorry Mr. Cloete, I have to go. He replaces the telephone and walks out of the house. The PHONE KEEPS RINGING.
97) 0) text: The staff is having coffee during morning break in the staff room. The room has several easy chairs, a table wit the morning newspapers on it. The walls have pictures of South African scenes. There are several conversations in Afrikaans.   This is t first morning since the photograph. Ben walks into the staff room. The conversations stop. Everyone looks at him with hostility. The teachers all place their cups on the table and quietly file out of the room. Ben pours himself a cup of coffee; as he takes his first sip, Cloete looks in, sees him. He walks in. CLOETE
97) 2) text: I don't mind, Mr. Cloete. CLOETE
97) 4) text: The woman lost her husband, she was shattered with grief. CLOETE
97) 6) text: (angrily) I can't see that it makes any difference. CLOETE
97) 11) dialog: I thought I had warned you about involving yourself with Kaffirs. Obviously you didn't heed my advice.  That's all I have to say for now. Cloete walks out of the room. Viviers hurries into the room, he is late for his coffee.
97) 16) text: Private coffee with Cloete? Ben picks up the copy of the Ossewa with the photograph and shows it to Viviers.
123) 0) text: All the students are in classes. Cloete walks        out classroom and sees Capt. Stolz walking towards       the ing. Cloete stops to wait for him. They shake         han walk to Cloete's office talking affably. They        ente office.
125) 0) text: It's a functional office. Picture of the South African president (1976) John Vorster, on the wall. Various staff pictures... Ben, summoned by Cloete, sits. CLOETE
125) 2) text: Without simple justice we don't deserve a future. CLOETE
125) 7) dialog: Traitors like you are threatening centuries of Afrikaner sacrifice.
125) 9) dialog: Slanderous? My God, man, you slander a whole people. He walks silently through the office then continues.
125) 10) dialog: You have given me no alternative. I have to abide by the regulations of the Department of Education -- so I have made my report. And there will have to be a formal inquiry. But until such time...
125) 12) text: It won't be necessary, Mr. Cloete. I'll send you my resignation.
125) 13) dialog: Thank you for making things much easier. Ben stares at him for a moment, then turns to leave.    A he reaches the door, Cloete says:
125) 14) dialog: And it would be better if Johan left too. Ben turns to stare at him, amazed.
125) 16) dialog: He's a Kaffir-lover too, isn't he? The color drains from Ben's face. Then he steps forward, slaps Cloete thunderously across the face, hurling him back into his chair, and strides out, leaving the door ajar.