1) 16) text: He's working hard, Mr. Ben'sir, and your money will not be wasted. Emily and me will always thank you.
14) 0) text: Silence. A small three-room Soweto brick house -- The living room is modestly furnished. EMILY, Gordon's 40-year-old wife, is sitting on a narrow iron bedstead against the wall, clutching her youngest 2-year-old son -- Her mind is preoccupied. Sitting next to her is a ten-year-old daughter. Gordon is sitting on a chair at the table with his second eldest son, Robert -- aged 14 years -- standing by the side of the table -- sitting on an old easy chair is a Soweto resident with his 15-year-old DAUGHTER standing beside him.
16) 0) text: A white-uniformed assistant leads a line of African parents, reeking of sadness, into a cool room where metal drawers open from the walls. Stanley and JULIUS their black lawyer -- the two men seem to be very well-known, people shake hands with them, salute them -- Gordon and Emily's sadness is tinged with anger -- they have dignity, defiance, bowed with grief as they are. Stanley's large hand is placed gently on Emily's shoulder as they examine the dead faces before them. They belong to children, some    in torn, dirty clothes, others naked, some mutilated,    others whole and seeming unharmed, as if asleep, until    the small, neat hole in temple or chest and the small    crust of blood is brough to our attention. A woman behind them starts to scream. They look around to see her holding onto a drawer, her legs buckling. Another woman pulls her close to grieve with her. The assistant approaches them and after a soft exchange he writes a name on a tag and ties it onto the body. The woman can't, won't leave her dead child. Her friend has to pull her away.
17) 0) text: Gordon, Emily and their friends cross to Stanley's great white elderly Dodge, this "etembalami" with the big butte fly. For, amongst other things, he is the owner and driver of a pirate taxi. They get in. Stanley pauses -- looks across at a small red VW Beetle parked nearby, waiting. He shakes his head -- the VW flashes its lights and drives off.
18) 0) text: Inside they sit in silence... recovering from the ordeal. Only Emily silently whispers "Thank God, thank God." After a while...
18) 7) dialog: What about the Baas? If he asks, they will give him an answer.
33) 0) text: Emily is watering a tiny vegetable plot in the yard, with a bucket and a pierced tin. Robert is playing nearby with the youngest child. Robert sees Gordon walking slowly to their house and says playfully to the baby:
33) 2) dialog: Oh, no... oh no, Lord. Gordon hurries to embrace her.
33) 3) dialog: (sobbing and repeating)
33) 4) text: Please don't tell me... Gordon starts to lead her to the house. Margaret, Emily's neighbor, comes, hurries, helps her, comforts her, escorting them to the house.
38) 0) text: The small dark room is crowded. The one oil lamp -- on the table -- At the table sits Gordon... his glasses on the end of his nose. Emily is sitting by the stove.      Robert stands beside chair, watching, listening. The youngsters are sleeping in opposite directions on the iron bed. Wellington is sitting beside Gordon at the table. There is something wild in his manner. He looks everywhere as if he is scared of being attacked unawares. The black cleaner from John Vorster Sq. stands near the table. Gordon is reading aloud from a handwritten document.
41) 5) dialog: (calmly)
42) 0) text: ... Stanley is waiting in his car.     His sunglasses on nose... ... The SCHOOL BELL RINGS to give the end of the tea inte val. Ben walks out with Emily to Stanley's car. Stanley gets out, they stare at each other. Finally Stanley breaks the silence.
42) 3) dialog: This is Stanley Makhaya... He helps us all the time. Stanley opens the door to Emily.
59) 7) text: The lawyer has been banned. Stanley is waiting, his great hand on his hips, the other one on Emily's shoulder. She is sitting on a chair. Obviously, Stanley doesn't expect a positive response.
61) 3) text: Okay, Dan, I'm sorry for disturbing your weekend. Ben replaces the phone.    Turns to Emily and Stanley.
61) 6) dialog: Thank you, Baas.
71) 2) text: Please, take me to Emily. Stanley looks at him. STANLEY
74) 0) text: The large Soweto cemetery has scores of graves ready for burials. The chief mourners, Emily, Robert, his sister, Margaret, four relatives and Stanley are standing on either side of the PRIEST. Gordon's coffin is in the grave; several wreaths are on the side of the grave. There are about fifteen hundred mourners, and half are youths. There are several local reporters and overseas television reporters. The police are in attendance in large numbers at the edge of the crowd, some in battle dress and some with dogs. PRIEST
77) 0) text: Stanley drives seemingly alone at very high speeds, which he maintains through the streets of Soweto... using his horn to scatter people out of his way, to the anger and indulgence of others. The CAR SCREECHES to a halt outside Emily's house. Stanley gets out of the car and greets the startled neighbors... and acknowledges the friendly shouts of children. Stanley looks around, then goes back to the car, opens the back door, leans and says something. Suddenly, to everyone's astonishment, Ben crawls out of the car; Stanley hustles him into Emily's house. Stanley waves at the people, a sign of assurance, then closes the door behind him.
78) 0) text: Ben stands awkwardly for a moment, taking in the room and the people in it. He then walks over to Emily who is standing at the table. He goes to shake her hand.
78) 2) dialog: Well, thank you, Mr. Ben, sir. Eh, that's father Masonwane, our priest, and that's Margaret from next door. Ben nods at them.    Stanley sits himself down.
78) 8) dialog: (to Ben)
78) 12) dialog: (as she sits on the broken chair)
78) 16) dialog: Robert, where are you manners today? Don't you greet visitors? Robert stops momentarily and looks at Ben with hostility and hurries out of the room banging the door.
78) 17) dialog: I'm sorry for his rudeness.
78) 28) dialog: Mr. Ben is right. It's not that I want to go on with this thing because it's a bad thing that Jonathan died, that Gordon died that's hard enough to bear, but I can forgive it. But they covered Gordon's name with dirt and we must clean it up, else he'll never have peace in his grave.
78) 35) dialog: The truth must be known. They killed my husband who wouldn't hurt a fly and they killed Jonathan who was only a child...
78) 41) dialog: They covered his name with dirt.
78) 43) dialog: No. In the end one grows tired of being afraid.
78) 52) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Ben, sir for what you're doing.
83) 0) text: Emily, Margaret, Stanley and a man, are sitting outside the court eating fish and chips. There are various Africans sitting around for their lunch break.
85) 0) text: Advocate De Villiers and a dignified Emily in the witness stand.
85) 1) dialog: Captain Stolz lied. My husband never fight the police when he was arrested. They were rough with him, pushing him and threatening.
85) 3) dialog: There was blood on them and in the back pocket I found three broken teeth.
85) 5) dialog: (firmly)
85) 10) dialog: (facing the Magistrate and in firm voice)
86) 0) text: A silent black crowd; Emily, Margaret, Stanley anxiously awaiting the verdict. Today the public gallery is more crowded than before.
87) 0) text: The predominantly black crowd obviously dissatisfied with the verdict, discussing it as it moves slowly towards the main entrance. In the crowd Stanley, Margaret and Emily controlled, dignified but obviously pained.
87) 7) text: Don't worry, man. There's another day! Ben leans towards Emily.
94) 4) text: How's that, Suzette? Ben takes the newspaper and looks at the cover. A picture of himself and Emily outside the courtroom. The two faces are close together with the notes: "EMILY NGUBENE, wife of native who died in detention, comforted by a friend of family, Mr. BEN DU TOIT." And in parenthesis "see page two." He throws the Ossewa on a chair and checks into the Rand Daily Mail. Inside there is a long article with Emily's picture, titled "the Face of Grief." Ben folds up the newspapers, and shakes his head. He suddenly realizes why the people reacted like that outsid
108) 0) text: Ben, Stanley and Emily are sitting    'round the table. B has pulled the lamp closer to read    one of two notes fr Gordon -- one is written on ruled    paper, the other a square of toilet paper. The notes     have been smuggled of John Vorster Square. GORDON (V.O.)
108) 1) text: (shakily) 'My dear wife, you must not worry about me. I miss you and the children. You must look after them in the fear of the Lord. I'm hungry, and I don't know what they want from me. But I think I'll be home some day. I think about...' They are interrupted by a KNOCK at the door. Emily snatches the notes and stuffs them into her bosom. Everyone is tense as Emily slowly walks up to the door.
108) 22) dialog: (uncomfortable)
108) 25) dialog: I had given my word to the man -- who brought them to me --
108) 27) dialog: He said he didn't want anybody to know who he is. I cannot make trouble for him in his work.
108) 29) dialog: (to Julius)
108) 35) dialog: We intend starting a civil suit against the police, to do that it is necessary to have as many affidavits as we can from people who have any information about Gordon since he was arrested. And this man is vital and so is the Indian doctor.
108) 58) dialog: I'll make some tea.
108) 60) dialog: In my house? You know better than that, Stanley.
109) 0) text: Ben is standing by the workbench, the new drawer he and Johan built for the toolbox, open before him. He's rereading Gordon's letters to Emily. Sound of approaching FOOTSTEPS. Ben quickly puts the letters into the drawer and shuts it. Susan appears at the door -- she looks ten years older. SUSAN
118) 0) text: Parked outside the house is a municipality truck already half-laden with Emily's furniture and possessions. Four Africans in khaki overalls are loading the truck -- super vising the eviction of Emily are a white Soweto official, Captain Stolz and Lt. Venter. In the b.g., a hundred yard away is a "hippo" with black and white armed policemen. Behind the truck are two police Land Rovers. Emily is sitting outside on one of her chairs as neighbor walk up to her to comfort her and say their goodbyes. Her daughter is carrying the youngest child and standing next to Emily -- several children are watching. A woman in the crowd starts singing a freedom song: "UMZIMA LOMTHWALO" ("THIS BURDEN IS HEAVY"). The song is taken up by the other women. Venter tries to stop them and disperse them. Stolz signals to him to leave them alone. One of the Africans then walks up to her for the chair. She refuses to get off the chair. The man looks at the white official as though to ask "what do I do." The official looks at Stolz. Venter walks up to Emily and, about to pull her off the chair. EMILY
118) 1) text: Don't you touch me! Venter pulls back. The women start to ululate. Emily rises majestically, takes the youngest in her arms and walks slowly to the truck followed by her daughter. People cluster around her, singing with rage and shaking her hand. Stolz observes the scene, impassive.
118) 4) text: Buya!   Buya! Emily and the children are helped onto the back of the truck which drives away preceded by the police "hippo" an escorted from the rear by the Land Rovers. The crowd continues singing.