1) 0) text: Dan Pienaar school is a typical Johannesburg Afrikaan school. The students are mainly from middle-class families. School athletics are in progress. The stu- dents, in their smart school uniforms, are cheering enthusiastically a relay race on the immaculately-kept sports ground. GORDON NGUBENE, a 47-years-old African laborer is work- ing in the school garden. A few feet away is his 15- years-old son JONATHAN leaning against a wall watching the games. BEN DU TOIT, a 50-year-old Afrikaaner history teacher, is enthusiastically cheering his son JOHAN, a 15-years-old, who is leading neck-and-neck with another boy in the last leg of the race. The excitement increases as they approach the tape. Ben is beside himself, egging his son with shouts. The young teacher, VIVIERS, standing next to Ben, is shouting "come on Johan," and slapping the father on the back. Johan breasts the tape just ahead of the other boy. The ground is invaded by boys running to congratulate Johan. Ben hurries towards his happy but exhausted son; the prou father pushing his way through the animated boys. As he reaches Johan he pats him on the back.
1) 5) text: You did son. Come on, shower. They walk happily towards the school buildings in conver- sation, Johan being slapped on the back by friends. Ben stops to talk to Gordon who jumps to his feet.
1) 10) dialog: We'll be there, Mr. Ben'sir, Jonathan come to help me. Ben hadn't seen Jonathan.    He turns to him.
1) 15) dialog: (straightening himself)
1) 18) text: See you both later. Gordon returns to his work a little distance further. A group of students are laughing and pushing each other boisterously. As they near Jonathan, two nudge each other and giggle. Then, one of them trips Jonathan. He falls to the ground and jumps up aggressively, about to attack the boy. Gordon shouts "Jonathan." The headmaster, MRS. CLOETE, aged 65 years, has observed the incident, but takes no action. Jonathan stands panting with rage.       He suddenly stri away towards the gate in a rage.
1) 19) dialog: (shouting angrily)
5) 0) text: The Du Toit family. Susan is bringing out the salads. Chris, her son-in-law, is at the barbecue, stinging his eyes. Ben is bouncing his grandson, little Hennie, in a small, portable pool. The black nanny sits in attendance in the shade, a towel at the ready. The good life... ... Suddenly disturbed by... Gordon and Jonathan standing uncertain at the far side of the garden; Gordon's hat pressed flat against his chest, Jonathan defiant. Susan looks up -- as do each in turn -- curious at the intrusion... then the black nanny -- and finally Ben. After a moment, Ben walks up to Gordon.
6) 0) text: Six cuts, like six knife gashes, revealed on the blood- stained buttocks of Gordon's son, who stands in painful, truculent embarrassment. Ben is shocked by the severity of the canning.
6) 1) dialog: That's not why I'm complaining, Mister Ben, sir. If he did wrong, I'd beat him myself. But he didn't.
6) 5) dialog: He did nothing and they wouldn't listen. They wouldn't believe him.
6) 7) dialog: He says he wasn't doing anything wrong, Mister Ben, sir. And I believe him, I know my son! It's an injustice!
6) 9) dialog: What does he know about court? Before he knew, it was all over.
6) 11) dialog: We can get a lawyer to appeal.
6) 15) dialog: You don't understand, Mister Ben, sir. I don't want him to have a police record.
6) 20) dialog: It will be there for  the rest of his life and make it  difficult for him to get a job in  the future.
6) 23) dialog: I'm not worried about the wounds. They'll heal in time, Mister Ben, sir. It's the wounds here. (slaps his chest)
10) 0) text: B) The screams, the laughter of white kids playing at their school, massed in conviviality, Johan one. C) Behind, aboard a mower, motors Gordon, in the blue overall of a groundsman, intent in his task. OVER this white pacifist content, hear... ... GUNSHOTS, SCREAMS, TERROR.
13) 0) text: The third-class carriage is crowded with African commuters returning to Soweto. The passengers represent all the social and economic strata of Soweto: laborers, factory workers, domestic servants, clerk secretaries, the unemployed, etc. In the carriage, Gordon, returning from work, standing. A LARGE middle-aged WOMAN is standing in the crowded aisle at one end of the carriage. She suddenly shouts:
14) 0) text: Silence. A small three-room Soweto brick house -- The living room is modestly furnished. EMILY, Gordon's 40-year-old wife, is sitting on a narrow iron bedstead against the wall, clutching her youngest 2-year-old son -- Her mind is preoccupied. Sitting next to her is a ten-year-old daughter. Gordon is sitting on a chair at the table with his second eldest son, Robert -- aged 14 years -- standing by the side of the table -- sitting on an old easy chair is a Soweto resident with his 15-year-old DAUGHTER standing beside him.
14) 1) dialog: (to girl)
15) 0) text: Black parents, waiting. At the counter with Gordon, a large black man, STANLEY, a friend -- his big easy smile is working hard on a white policeman, the station SERGEAN VAN ZYL, about to run out of patience.
16) 0) text: A white-uniformed assistant leads a line of African parents, reeking of sadness, into a cool room where metal drawers open from the walls. Stanley and JULIUS their black lawyer -- the two men seem to be very well-known, people shake hands with them, salute them -- Gordon and Emily's sadness is tinged with anger -- they have dignity, defiance, bowed with grief as they are. Stanley's large hand is placed gently on Emily's shoulder as they examine the dead faces before them. They belong to children, some    in torn, dirty clothes, others naked, some mutilated,    others whole and seeming unharmed, as if asleep, until    the small, neat hole in temple or chest and the small    crust of blood is brough to our attention. A woman behind them starts to scream. They look around to see her holding onto a drawer, her legs buckling. Another woman pulls her close to grieve with her. The assistant approaches them and after a soft exchange he writes a name on a tag and ties it onto the body. The woman can't, won't leave her dead child. Her friend has to pull her away.
17) 0) text: Gordon, Emily and their friends cross to Stanley's great white elderly Dodge, this "etembalami" with the big butte fly. For, amongst other things, he is the owner and driver of a pirate taxi. They get in. Stanley pauses -- looks across at a small red VW Beetle parked nearby, waiting. He shakes his head -- the VW flashes its lights and drives off.
18) 2) dialog: He is our son... we must find him.
18) 4) dialog: You're a lawyer, Julius!
18) 8) dialog: (bitterly)
19) 0) text: Gordon is at work already -- 8 AM -- mowing the lawn. He's intense, unsmiling, burdened as he goes about his task, expertly. Sounds of BEN and JOHAN LAUGHING coming from inside.
21) 0) text: Ben adjusts the sash of his robe and takes the offensive towards Johan, as he sees Gordon. JOHAN
21) 1) text: Hi, Gordon. No response.   Ben does a double-take and stops playing. BEN
21) 2) text: (to Johan) Hold it, champ. He crosses the yard to Gordon, fluffing his hair dry, Johan follows behind. BEN
21) 3) text: Gordon, you okay? No response again. Gordon continues to work.     Ben and Johan exchange puzzled looks. JOHAN
21) 5) text: How is he, recovering? Gordon stops, switches OFF the MACHINE, stands not lookin at Ben. GORDON
21) 12) dialog: They arrested many. They even deny they've got him. He's disappeared...
31) 0) text: The playing fields, not of Eton but as good as... ... Cries and whistles rise through the still, warm air from a game of schoolboy rugby being played below us by immaculately-fitted teams. On another part of the field Gordon's lawnmower off to the side -- two figures pace -- slowly -- one white, one black -- A VOICE overlays all this... strange... ironically African.
31) 1) dialog: Mister Ben, sir. If it was me, all right. And if it was Emily, all right. We are not young. But he's out child. My time and your time, it's passing. But the time of our children is coming. And now if they kill our children -- if we let them -- what is it that we lived for?
31) 3) text: What can we do, Gordon? You or I... We can't change it.
31) 4) dialog: That day, Mr. Ben, sir, when they whipped Jonathan, you also said we can do nothing. But if we had... if someone heard what we had to say this would not have happened.
31) 9) dialog: (interrupting)
31) 12) dialog: That's what  they say. But I got to know for  certain. How can I have peace?   I must know how my son died and  where they buried him. The game on the next pitch finishes with a pierce of the whistle. The kids run off past Ben and Gordon. Gordon climbs onto the small lawn mower and STARTS the ENGINE.
31) 14) dialog: I don't care what they say. He is my child. God is my witness today: I cannot stop before I know what happened and where he lies. His body belongs to Emily and me. And drives away -- chugging across the field... leaving Ben -- helpless -- behind him -- watching. From his:
33) 0) text: Emily is watering a tiny vegetable plot in the yard, with a bucket and a pierced tin. Robert is playing nearby with the youngest child. Robert sees Gordon walking slowly to their house and says playfully to the baby:
33) 4) text: Please don't tell me... Gordon starts to lead her to the house. Margaret, Emily's neighbor, comes, hurries, helps her, comforts her, escorting them to the house.
34) 0) text: Stanley and Gordon are driving along Soweto main road. A 10-years-old BOY stops the car.
35) 4) text: Thank you very much. You've worked like a man. (turning to Gordon) Let's go. Stanley turns the car round and drives off at speed.
36) 2) text: What happened... Don't tell me... GORDON
36) 7) dialog: (anxiously)
36) 12) dialog: I have to know how he died.
38) 0) text: The small dark room is crowded. The one oil lamp -- on the table -- At the table sits Gordon... his glasses on the end of his nose. Emily is sitting by the stove.      Robert stands beside chair, watching, listening. The youngsters are sleeping in opposite directions on the iron bed. Wellington is sitting beside Gordon at the table. There is something wild in his manner. He looks everywhere as if he is scared of being attacked unawares. The black cleaner from John Vorster Sq. stands near the table. Gordon is reading aloud from a handwritten document.
38) 1) dialog: 'On the second day of our detention at John Vorster Square we were taken to one of the top floors. We were ordered to undress and they started to beat us with fists and sjamboks. This for a long time.' Wellington nods and gets more paranoid. The black cleaner puts an understanding hand on his shoulder.
38) 2) dialog: 'On one day me and Jonathan...' Gordon pauses... steadies himself... pushes his glasses up his nose... clears his throat...
38) 6) dialog: '... We were asked questions for the whole day and night by Capt. Stolz and different policemen -- they never stopped. They tried to force us to say we were the leaders at our school, that we were working for the A.N.C. and got money from overseas. Capt. Stolz wanted to know the names of the students committee and where he can find Toni Mtimkulu -- Everytime they asked question, they beat us. It was bad beating.' Wellington nods again.    Emily closes her eyes to shut o the image.
38) 7) dialog: 'We told them we had done nothing and didn't know about all the things they are asking us; on two occasion they put a wet bag over my head and I -- couldn't breathe -- I thought I was going to die. One day I heard Jonathan being beaten. He was screaming and crying, and then a noise like tables and chairs being knocked down, and Capt. Stolz shouting "you bastard, get up, do you hear me?" Ngubene, don't pretend here, get up." Then the next day I heard he had gone to hospital and I never saw him again.' There's a long silence. Gordon closes his eyes and struggles with his grief. Emily sobs, Robert looks on in anger. Then, finally, Gordon offers a pen to Wellington, who is about to sign the foot of the state- ment, when... ... Suddenly there   is the sound of a TRUCK APPROACHING. Wellington rushes   to the front window and peers outside then panics, fear   in his eyes, he runs into a bedroom a jumps through the   window. Everyone in the room is bewildered. The front door bursts open. Emily sits impassively look- ing at the five policemen (two whites and three Africans) The youngest child startled from his sleep starts to cry. Emily goes to the bed and picks the child up and returns to her chair.
38) 13) text: On your feet! So, you must be Gordon Ngubene? Gordon doesn't answer. He turns to the cleaner who automatically stands.
39) 0) text: Behind Ben's house, are the servants' quarters attached to the garage. Ben has adapted what would have been a maid's room into his study and the adjoining room into a do-it-yourself workshop. The study has photographs of Ben's past as a provincial rugby player, of his family, school staff and TRECHIKOFF reproduction. On a cupboard are trophies of individual sports at university. He works off a plain desk on which is a handsome pipe- rack with several pipes. His indulgence is a comfortable easy chair. Ben's study, containing only the figure of Ben. He's hunched over his desk, looking blankly at the newspaper. His shirt is unbuttoned, his jacket slung across his chair. He draws heavily on his pipe, wreathing his head with smoke in the beam of the single desk light. He sits in his chair: Gordon's voice rises in his thoughts.
39) 1) dialog: That day, Mister Ben, sir, when they whipped Jonathan, you also said we can do nothing. God as my witness today: I must know what happened and where he lies. His body belongs to Emily and me. He mutters -- more a prayer than a curse.
40) 0) text: Afrikaan boys in uniform hunching over their desks writing... On the blackboard: the date and history test: What year did the first white man arrive in South Africa? When was the Battle of Blood River? Who was the Zulu chief who was defeated at the battle of Isanadlawana? Who was the president of the first Afrikander Republic? Give the route of the Voortrekkers from the cape? Ben walks through the aisles and from time to time oppor- tunities to glance at the window at Gordon's motionless tractor sitting in the field. He turns back   and notices a boy focusing on the ceiling His pen in his   mouth, trying desperately to find the answers. Ben    has a smile, then crosses to him, bends d and strikes a   similar pose. The class breaks up into laughter.
41) 6) text: I'm sorry, Baas... but it's Gordon.
43) 0) text: Gordon stands facing the wall, his arm raised.    He has wetted his trousers. Captain Stolz is pacing behind him. Lieutenant Venter, sitting on the edge of the desk, is smoking. STOLZ
43) 1) text: Come on, Kaffir, talk! GORDON
43) 4) text: We don't like gramophone records here! Now who has been giving you informations? Gordon doesn't answer. The Lieutenant walks slowly to him, calmly removes his fag-end of cigarette from his lips and stubs it on Gordon's neck. LIEUTENANT VENTER
45) 0) text: Gordon's still sitting on the chair, slumped -- Johannes removes the handcuffs as the Lieutenant removes the wet bag. Gordon is breathing heavily and semi-conscious. Suddenly Captain Stolz punches him heavily on the face. Gordon drops on the floor with blood gushing from his nos and mouth. Captain Stolz grabs him by his collar.
45) 2) text: Come on you bloody black bastard. Who has been telling you lies? The PHONE RINGS.    Stolz drops Gordon and walks to answe
46) 8) text: All right now, Gordon Ngubene.
50) 1) text: I talked to them. Gordon will be released soon. The colonel was very understanding. JOHAN
50) 2) text: Did you see Gordon? Ben suddenly realizes that he didn't ask to see Gordon. BEN
61) 2) text: But Gordon's not political. (pause)
62) 6) text: We're not concerned with 'blacks.' We're talking about GORDON. A good man and very loyal. SUSAN
62) 24) text: ... Look, I know the police often know more than we do. I'm not questioning that. I'm as loyal as the next man. But I do know Gordon Ngubene... there is something wrong. There's a moment's embarrassed silence, broken by Suzette entrance with a tray of glasses and a bottle of brandy.
63) 0) text: Gordon is undoing his trousers. Venter roughly drops the trousers and pushing him to the floor. He handcuffs him while Johannes pulls off the trousers and underpants, and manacles his ankles. Johannes fetches a rod. Venter goes to a cupboard, pulls out two electric wires with electrodes attachments and places them on the desk. All the preparation is done with practiced efficiency. From the adjoining room there are angry shouts of a woman. Venter and Johannes place the rod between Gordon's elbow- joints and the back of his knees. The door opens. Gordon has a look of terror on his face.
63) 16) text: Okay.   Gert! Gordon is given a short burst of electric shock.
63) 17) dialog: (reacts)
63) 30) text: Now about these affidavits who told you to collect them? The A.N.C.? Who recruited you? Gordon mumbles something.
63) 32) dialog: I don't know anything about the A.N.C.
63) 39) text: Reg gert. (Okay, Gert) Gordon suddenly shakes violently and shouts repeatedly.
63) 40) dialog: Hai!   Hai!   Hai!
66) 2) text: God! I never thought Gordon could commit suicide.
70) 0) text: Ben and Stanley follow the proprietor who is expensively- dressed in a dark suit. Gordon's coffin stands as one of many in the room. Inside the casket, brass fittings, white satin, lies Gordon, incongruous, ludicrous in a black Sunday suit. His hands are crossed on his chest like the claws of a bird and his face, barely recognizable, is gray, the left side distorted, blackish purple. There are rough stitches of the postmortem across his skull and a scar on his lips. Stanley speaks in an African language to the undertaker. The man opens Gordon's shirt and reveals the bruised and battered chest.
73) 32) text: Ben, I'm sorry about Gordon's death, but please for all our sakes, forget about this whole thing. Let's get back to a normal life.
74) 0) text: The large Soweto cemetery has scores of graves ready for burials. The chief mourners, Emily, Robert, his sister, Margaret, four relatives and Stanley are standing on either side of the PRIEST. Gordon's coffin is in the grave; several wreaths are on the side of the grave. There are about fifteen hundred mourners, and half are youths. There are several local reporters and overseas television reporters. The police are in attendance in large numbers at the edge of the crowd, some in battle dress and some with dogs. PRIEST
81) 1) text: I think I am without awareness. I have always cared about people, call it a social conscience. But my visit to Gordon's house made me experience another dimension of human conditions. SUSAN
82) 0) text: The inquest of Gordon Ngubene... conducted by MAGISTRATE KLOPPER. In the witness box is DR. JANSEN, the state pathologist, giving evidence. Advocate DE VILLIERS is cross examining. DE VILLIERS
82) 60) text: 'Dear Captain. I prefer to die rather than betray any more of my friends. Amandla! Gordon Ngubene.' He hands it to the court clerk.   There's uproar at this. LOUW
82) 95) text: I never saw Gordon Ngubene. A sudden stillness in the court. ON Ben. ON Stanley. ON Melanie. ON Louw.
85) 28) text: ... until I lost consciousness. They did this several time and the last one Captain Stolz said 'come on meid, speak up, or do you want to die like Gordon Ngubene?' A few days later I was released. ON Melanie taking notes.
90) 7) text: They killed Gordon -- first they kill Jonathan, and then him. How can they get away with it?
90) 12) text: Now come on, Ben. Gordon's death upset me, too. But the Magistrate had all the facts. He must know what he's doing, he's had years of experience. The case has run its course, and nobody can do anything more about it! It's all over and done with.
108) 0) text: Ben, Stanley and Emily are sitting    'round the table. B has pulled the lamp closer to read    one of two notes fr Gordon -- one is written on ruled    paper, the other a square of toilet paper. The notes     have been smuggled of John Vorster Square. GORDON (V.O.)
108) 17) dialog: (speaking with great difficulty)
109) 0) text: Ben is standing by the workbench, the new drawer he and Johan built for the toolbox, open before him. He's rereading Gordon's letters to Emily. Sound of approaching FOOTSTEPS. Ben quickly puts the letters into the drawer and shuts it. Susan appears at the door -- she looks ten years older. SUSAN
110) 14) text: The Gordon Ngubene name-cleaning team on the move.
119) 0) text: Ben is leaving his home. This is a Saturday morning. Two men are sitting in a car a few yards from the entrance to the house. Ben doesn't pay attention to them. When he is about twenty yards past, one of the men, Jaimie -- who was present when Gordon was arrested -- gets out of the car and follows Ben. Ben stops at a corner for a car and again the FOOTSTEPS stop.
140) 17) text: Now be honest. Has all the evidence you've been collecting in connection with Gordon Ngubene brought you closer to the truth you are looking for?