1) 0) text: Dan Pienaar school is a typical Johannesburg Afrikaan school. The students are mainly from middle-class families. School athletics are in progress. The stu- dents, in their smart school uniforms, are cheering enthusiastically a relay race on the immaculately-kept sports ground. GORDON NGUBENE, a 47-years-old African laborer is work- ing in the school garden. A few feet away is his 15- years-old son JONATHAN leaning against a wall watching the games. BEN DU TOIT, a 50-year-old Afrikaaner history teacher, is enthusiastically cheering his son JOHAN, a 15-years-old, who is leading neck-and-neck with another boy in the last leg of the race. The excitement increases as they approach the tape. Ben is beside himself, egging his son with shouts. The young teacher, VIVIERS, standing next to Ben, is shouting "come on Johan," and slapping the father on the back. Johan breasts the tape just ahead of the other boy. The ground is invaded by boys running to congratulate Johan. Ben hurries towards his happy but exhausted son; the prou father pushing his way through the animated boys. As he reaches Johan he pats him on the back.
1) 2) dialog: (excited)
1) 5) text: You did son. Come on, shower. They walk happily towards the school buildings in conver- sation, Johan being slapped on the back by friends. Ben stops to talk to Gordon who jumps to his feet.
1) 14) dialog: Me too.
4) 0) text: The MUSIC STOPS. The doors open. The 40 years-old- minister Bester comes to the door, then stands and greets his parishioners as they file out of the church. Amongst them, Ben Du Toit -- his wife, SUSAN, a clean- cut, immaculate, "toe-the-line" beauty and his son, Johan -- the blond, blue-eyed, tanned and torsoed fourteen- year-old every father dreams of. Susan greets friends and acquaintances, pausing to chat... mostly formalities. Johan, his eyes on a girl his age. She is with her father, Mr. Cloete, the headmaster -- she smiles at Johan from a distance; he waves awkwardly as she drives off with her parents. SUZETTE his daughter, sophisticated -- groomed. She takes her baby from the black nanny waiting in the car, carries the child to the group chatting with CHRIS, her husband. She shows it off proudly. Ben is chatting, concerned, to a WOMAN. She looks drawn and worried.
6) 24) text: I worry about. Injustice... it festers. Johan comes back with a small bottle of medicine.
10) 0) text: B) The screams, the laughter of white kids playing at their school, massed in conviviality, Johan one. C) Behind, aboard a mower, motors Gordon, in the blue overall of a groundsman, intent in his task. OVER this white pacifist content, hear... ... GUNSHOTS, SCREAMS, TERROR.
12) 0) text: Soweto train rushing through suburb of Johannesburg. REVERSE SHOT FROM train.
19) 0) text: Gordon is at work already -- 8 AM -- mowing the lawn. He's intense, unsmiling, burdened as he goes about his task, expertly. Sounds of BEN and JOHAN LAUGHING coming from inside.
20) 0) text: Ben and Johan, in robes, their hair still wet from their showers, having an imaginary boxing match. Johan has Ben on the ropes, backs him out of the house.
21) 0) text: Ben adjusts the sash of his robe and takes the offensive towards Johan, as he sees Gordon. JOHAN
21) 2) text: (to Johan) Hold it, champ. He crosses the yard to Gordon, fluffing his hair dry, Johan follows behind. BEN
21) 3) text: Gordon, you okay? No response again. Gordon continues to work.     Ben and Johan exchange puzzled looks. JOHAN
21) 7) text: Again? JOHAN
23) 0) text: Sumptuous lawyer's offices, Johannesburg. They're lush- carpeted. A black woman cleaner is finishing off her early-morning chores, packing up as white staff are be- ginning to arrive. They're fresh, shining, attractive -- whipping the covers off typewriters. A young black girl, smart, well-groomed, is carrying a tray of coffee, desk to desk. FOLLOW her as she approaches her employer's open office door. We hear his voice -- see him on the phone in the b.g.
37) 13) dialog: Chris, Jonathan was fifteen, like me. Would you use force on me?
37) 22) dialog: And who would do the work?
37) 24) dialog: The work, who'd do it?
39) 3) dialog: Good night, Papa!
39) 7) dialog: Oh, Papa! Susan appears at the door with a cup of coffee. She's had a bath -- her hair is wet -- and she's in her housecoat. Ben and Johan don't notice her approach. She watches sympathetically for a moment, then...
45) 0) text: Gordon's still sitting on the chair, slumped -- Johannes removes the handcuffs as the Lieutenant removes the wet bag. Gordon is breathing heavily and semi-conscious. Suddenly Captain Stolz punches him heavily on the face. Gordon drops on the floor with blood gushing from his nos and mouth. Captain Stolz grabs him by his collar.
47) 0) text: Johan is sitting, waiting, in the parked car... the RADIO ON. He's bored.
49) 0) text: Ben opening his car. Johan is sitting in the front seat. As Ben gets into the car, he glances at the John Vorster Square building.
50) 0) text: Ben is motoring through and out of Johannesburg.    Johan is silent beside him, impatient. BEN
50) 1) text: I talked to them. Gordon will be released soon. The colonel was very understanding. JOHAN
50) 3) text: (embarrassed) No. JOHAN
50) 5) text: No, but... Johan, he is dead. We can't do anything for him. Don't mention this visit to your mother. Okay?
63) 0) text: Gordon is undoing his trousers. Venter roughly drops the trousers and pushing him to the floor. He handcuffs him while Johannes pulls off the trousers and underpants, and manacles his ankles. Johannes fetches a rod. Venter goes to a cupboard, pulls out two electric wires with electrodes attachments and places them on the desk. All the preparation is done with practiced efficiency. From the adjoining room there are angry shouts of a woman. Venter and Johannes place the rod between Gordon's elbow- joints and the back of his knees. The door opens. Gordon has a look of terror on his face.
63) 12) text: Bloody woman. (to Johannes)
63) 13) text: Water! As Johannes is fetching the bucket of water.        Vente to the cupboard and stays there.
64) 3) text: The faces    of his friends scattered among the pews, Suz and Susan    listening intently, Johan beside her visibly bored, his    eyes wandering to the Cloete's daughter at the end of    the pew.
65) 0) text: Ben's garage/workshop -- the door is open. Ben and Johan are together building a strong desk for Johan. The RADIO offers MUSIC to keep them company.   Susan is confronting Ben. SUSAN
65) 5) text: Upset me? It upsets me when you share your bloody secrets with a child! Johan is embarrassed. Ben glances at him. Johan shrugs and shakes his head "not me." Ben planes on. SUSAN
65) 6) text: Ben! Ben! Look at me for God sakes! (turns to Johan) Johan uit met jou! Johan leaves. BEN
65) 23) dialog: Papa.
65) 26) dialog: Stanley's here, Papa. Johan leaves.
73) 29) dialog: It was in the five o'clock news, Papa.
73) 34) dialog: A brandy?
76) 0) text: Stanley and Ben are driving in the outskirts of Johannesburg.
94) 10) dialog: What's everybody yelling about?
94) 19) dialog: (conciliating)
94) 25) text: Not enough, Johan, to throw myself into the garden boy's arms.
94) 27) dialog: (trying to joke)
94) 28) text: There must be easier ways of getting your name in the paper. Before she can stop herself, Susan slaps him across the face, although not hard. Johan leaves without a word. She clutches her hand, shocked at having it against him. The PHONE starts to RING.    Susan runs out sobbing. Ben looks at her then walks into the living room to pick up the phone.
100) 0) text: It's lunch time and the working population of Jo'burg has paused for lunch. Ben and Melanie are sitting at a table outside. The cafe is on the outskirts of a very affluent part of Johannesburg.
103) 0) text: Ben and Johan are there. Ben takes a file from under a toolbox and measures it carefully against the drawer base. Then, he selects a piece of wood approximately the size of the drawer and tries it for size. We should be in no doubt that's he's constructing a hiding place.
104) 14) dialog: (walking in with golf club bag)
109) 0) text: Ben is standing by the workbench, the new drawer he and Johan built for the toolbox, open before him. He's rereading Gordon's letters to Emily. Sound of approaching FOOTSTEPS. Ben quickly puts the letters into the drawer and shuts it. Susan appears at the door -- she looks ten years older. SUSAN
109) 1) text: Ben, it's Johan. You'd better come.
110) 0) text: Johan sits, Ben crouched before him.   The boy's shirt is torn, his eyes swollen, his lip cut.   He looks at the floor. Susan hovers. SUSAN
110) 3) text: You see! It's gone too far, Ben. You've got to stop it... JOHAN
110) 5) text: I don't care! It doesn't hurt me! Susan stares at him, at Ben, turns abruptly, walks out of the room. Johan looks at his father. JOHAN
110) 11) dialog: Yes.   I know.
110) 13) dialog: Don't stop, Dad. You mustn't give up now! Ben hugs his son.
111) 2) text: Call the police, Ben, call the police! Johan's voice comes from his room.
111) 3) dialog: Papa!    Papa!
111) 6) dialog: What's happened?
115) 0) text: Vrededorp is a colored section of Johannesburg. It's rundown area vacated by whites. There are children play- ing in the street. Some unemployed men are sitting on old chairs outside a doorway; a vendor is serving two women from his milk churn. Ben drives into the street   searching for an address. He stops outside a house. As    he gets out of the car the children and everyone stop   to look at him with interest He walks up to a door and   knocks. A COLORED WOMAN appears as the door opens.    She is youn and obviously educated.
127) 0) text: Christmas day lunch. Assembled around the table are Ben's Father-in-law, his wife Helen, Suzette and Chris, her husband, Johan, Ben and Susan. They're all wearing paper hats from Christmas crackers. On the table is a large piece of roast lamb, ox tongue, a large turkey and assorted vegetables. Ben is at the head of the table adjacent to the door lead ing to the kitchen, the Father-in-law is sitting by his side facing the door. Ben is in the middle of carving the turkey, plates are being passed to him. JOHAN
127) 5) text: You know, Johan, when I was a boy in the Karoo, we used to fry ostrich eggs. You know how big they are? JOHAN
129) 4) text: Chris! Chris follows. Susan also. From the living room, she calls Johan who is left alone at the table, perplexed. Johan goes to his mother. There's a general rush for the door and, without warning, the room is empty. Only the TIN ANGELS TINKLE merrily around their candles.
135) 0) text: The immaculate blue of the pool. Johan hurls himself out of the water, flops down at the side. Suzette and Ben nearby, sitting in the sun. Pieter at the barbecue, sizzling thick steaks. A servant in white uniform soundlessly laying the table on the patio behind him. The nanny with the baby in the shade. BEN
136) 0) text: Ben and Johan in the car.        Suzette leans in through driver's window.
136) 9) text: Where on earth do you keep them? ON Johan looking at Suzette then at Ben with concern.
140) 35) dialog: (mischievous)
141) 0) text: Ben and Johan are standing in the public enclosure on the top floor of the airport building. Ben is unshaved, he looks tired, but happy. There is the usual bustle of airport staff for the steps and luggage, two-thirds of the staff being black. Passengers emerge from the plane Melanie amongst them. Some waving to friends and relatives on the public en- closure. Melanie stops momentarily and looks up at the enclosure. She sees Ben and Johan and waves at them. They wave back and Ben indicates they'll be waiting for her below. She walks off as they happily await her after the ususal formalities.
142) 0) text: Ben and Johan are waiting outside the arrivals exit. Several passengers stream out, some being met. Eventually there is a trickle of passengers. An INDIAN WOMAN is one of the last to come out. Ben approaches her. BEN
142) 13) dialog: Is there any other exit, Papa?
142) 15) dialog: (joking)
142) 18) text: That's possble. Just then Stolz appears through the door. He slowly walks up to Ben and Johan. Ben becomes apprehensive.
142) 26) text: Let's go home, Johan.
142) 27) dialog: I don't understand, Papa...
143) 0) text: Ben and Johan arriving at the house. An unsympathetic small crowd is there waiting... They react, murmuring in Afrikaans, watching them with hostility as Ben and Johan get out of the car and discover the chaos. The wreckage. The garage and Ben's study have been bombed. Johan leaves Ben and rushes to the house. The crowd starts to disperse. The entire    tools cupboard has been methodically ripped apart and    the contents strewn on the garage floor. Everything    is half-burnt... charred... Ben has sunk on the stool    in total defeat. There's silence. Then Johan appears at the door. He hands Ben a large envelope -- in it, the file with all the papers. Ben look up at Johan.
143) 1) dialog: (very proud)
144) 4) dialog: Somebody has dropped it through the door.
144) 6) dialog: (leaving)
145) 0) text: Johan is packing his sport kit and few clothes into a bag.
146) 0) text: Ben and Johan are walking towards the entrance, Johan wheeling his bike. Ben hugs his son.
150) 0) text: It's raining. Stanley driving in the rain on the same road as Johan.
158) 0) text: Johan hurries out of the building and is about to get on his bike. His attention is drawn by Stanley's familiar HOOTER. Johan turns, sees Stanley, and with a grin makes thumbs- up sign which happy Stanley returns with his large thumb. Johan cycles away followed by Stanley.