1) 0) text: Dan Pienaar school is a typical Johannesburg Afrikaan school. The students are mainly from middle-class families. School athletics are in progress. The stu- dents, in their smart school uniforms, are cheering enthusiastically a relay race on the immaculately-kept sports ground. GORDON NGUBENE, a 47-years-old African laborer is work- ing in the school garden. A few feet away is his 15- years-old son JONATHAN leaning against a wall watching the games. BEN DU TOIT, a 50-year-old Afrikaaner history teacher, is enthusiastically cheering his son JOHAN, a 15-years-old, who is leading neck-and-neck with another boy in the last leg of the race. The excitement increases as they approach the tape. Ben is beside himself, egging his son with shouts. The young teacher, VIVIERS, standing next to Ben, is shouting "come on Johan," and slapping the father on the back. Johan breasts the tape just ahead of the other boy. The ground is invaded by boys running to congratulate Johan. Ben hurries towards his happy but exhausted son; the prou father pushing his way through the animated boys. As he reaches Johan he pats him on the back.
1) 12) dialog: (with respect)
1) 18) text: See you both later. Gordon returns to his work a little distance further. A group of students are laughing and pushing each other boisterously. As they near Jonathan, two nudge each other and giggle. Then, one of them trips Jonathan. He falls to the ground and jumps up aggressively, about to attack the boy. Gordon shouts "Jonathan." The headmaster, MRS. CLOETE, aged 65 years, has observed the incident, but takes no action. Jonathan stands panting with rage.       He suddenly stri away towards the gate in a rage.
1) 20) text: U ya phi? (Where are you going?) Jonathan turns to look at his father and continues to walk off. TITLES.
5) 0) text: The Du Toit family. Susan is bringing out the salads. Chris, her son-in-law, is at the barbecue, stinging his eyes. Ben is bouncing his grandson, little Hennie, in a small, portable pool. The black nanny sits in attendance in the shade, a towel at the ready. The good life... ... Suddenly disturbed by... Gordon and Jonathan standing uncertain at the far side of the garden; Gordon's hat pressed flat against his chest, Jonathan defiant. Susan looks up -- as do each in turn -- curious at the intrusion... then the black nanny -- and finally Ben. After a moment, Ben walks up to Gordon.
9) 18) dialog: Wellington!   Wellington! Wellington looks back, sees Jonathan trying to help the little girl. He runs back to help. Another girl, aged about 17 years, is also trying to help. Two policemen suddenly appear from behind a house, they are about 18 years old. The girl straightens up and confronts the two policemen shouting hysterically.
14) 2) text: Are you sure it was Jonathan they took away? The girl glances at her father.    He coaxes her to talk.
21) 4) text: Isn't this Jonathan's day to help you? BEN
24) 6) text: Freda! Open an account... Du Toit. Benjamin Du Toit... Subject... Jonathan Ngubene.
36) 8) text: I want to know what happened to Jonathan.
37) 0) text: Sizette and   Chris with the family at dinner. Suzette is passed the   Rand Daily Mail newspaper by Chris, folded a an article   headlined: "WHAT REALLY HAPPENED TO JONATHAN NGUBENE?"    by Melanie Bruwer.
50) 4) text: Did they say anything about Jonathan? BEN
90) 7) text: They killed Gordon -- first they kill Jonathan, and then him. How can they get away with it?