16) 0) text: A white-uniformed assistant leads a line of African parents, reeking of sadness, into a cool room where metal drawers open from the walls. Stanley and JULIUS their black lawyer -- the two men seem to be very well-known, people shake hands with them, salute them -- Gordon and Emily's sadness is tinged with anger -- they have dignity, defiance, bowed with grief as they are. Stanley's large hand is placed gently on Emily's shoulder as they examine the dead faces before them. They belong to children, some    in torn, dirty clothes, others naked, some mutilated,    others whole and seeming unharmed, as if asleep, until    the small, neat hole in temple or chest and the small    crust of blood is brough to our attention. A woman behind them starts to scream. They look around to see her holding onto a drawer, her legs buckling. Another woman pulls her close to grieve with her. The assistant approaches them and after a soft exchange he writes a name on a tag and ties it onto the body. The woman can't, won't leave her dead child. Her friend has to pull her away.
18) 3) dialog: I'll make more inquiries -- John Vorster Square -- the special branch -- but I don't hold out much hope.
60) 2) text: Do you mean Julius Nqakula? (pause)
108) 7) dialog: (removing this hat)
108) 9) dialog: I'm Julius Nqakula... I'm banned and also under house arrest. That's why I have this ridiculous garb on.
108) 13) dialog: May I have a glance at them? Emily produces the notes. Julius takes them. He starts reading the toilet paper, which is harder to read.
108) 20) dialog: (to Emily)
108) 36) dialog: You mean Dr. Hassiem. How are you going to do that? You know of course that he is detained.
108) 38) dialog: With luck.
108) 40) dialog: Why don't you leave it to Stanley and I? What do you say, Stanley?
108) 45) dialog: Please call me Julius.
108) 50) dialog: Where do I start? Don't forget my restrictions.
108) 53) dialog: We know each other. He's a good lawyer for this kind of case. Of course I'll do what I can. My commitment forces me.
108) 55) dialog: How   are you planning to safeguard the   documents? Stanley told me you   have already had a said by the   S.B.
110) 21) dialog: ... And on the morning of the autopsy, as I was cleaning the mortuary, Captain Stolz gave me a bundle of Ngubene's and ordered me to burn them.