82) 0) text: The inquest of Gordon Ngubene... conducted by MAGISTRATE KLOPPER. In the witness box is DR. JANSEN, the state pathologist, giving evidence. Advocate DE VILLIERS is cross examining. DE VILLIERS
82) 42) dialog: Advocate De Villiers, will you refrain from insinuations?
82) 44) dialog: Advocate Louw? During the hubbub De Villiers and the state advocate trade places. The courtroom is quiet.
82) 57) text: Never. He was always treated with courtesy and correctness. But, one time we had cause to use force against him. It was the day before his death. The deceased suddenly showed signs of aggression. He tried to jump through the open window of my office. He was acting like a mad man. It took six of my men to restrain him, and he had to be manacled hand and foot, for his own safety. But once he calmed down, he was ready to make a statement about his activities. The next morning we found him dead in his cell. MAGISTRATE
82) 61) text: Thank you, Your Worship. MAGISTRATE
82) 84) dialog: I agree.
82) 102) dialog: Advocate Louw?
82) 117) dialog: You may, Captain, and thank you. (to the crowd)
85) 9) dialog: Advocte Louw? He shakes his head.
85) 15) dialog: (to a policeman next to Viljoen)
85) 33) dialog: We shall adjourn until tomorrow morning. I'll hear the arguments and give the verdict. The crowd stands and starts to leave the courtroom.
86) 1) dialog: I wish to thank both advocates for conducting this case without rancour and in the best traditions of the South African legal profession.
86) 5) dialog: I have listened to all the evidence and the arguments. To begin with I have to say that there was no conclusive evidence offered to prove beyond doubt that members of the Security Police had been guilty of assault or any irregular conduct on the deceased. There were indications that Ngubene was aggressive and on more than one occasion had to be restrained with force. There was sufficient evidence to conclude that death had been caused by a trauma following pressure applied to the neck, consistent with hanging. Consequently, I find that Gordon Ngubene committed suicide by hanging himself and that on available evidence his death cannot be attributed to any act or omission or amounting to a criminal offense on the part of any person.
90) 12) text: Now come on, Ben. Gordon's death upset me, too. But the Magistrate had all the facts. He must know what he's doing, he's had years of experience. The case has run its course, and nobody can do anything more about it! It's all over and done with.