14) 0) text: Silence. A small three-room Soweto brick house -- The living room is modestly furnished. EMILY, Gordon's 40-year-old wife, is sitting on a narrow iron bedstead against the wall, clutching her youngest 2-year-old son -- Her mind is preoccupied. Sitting next to her is a ten-year-old daughter. Gordon is sitting on a chair at the table with his second eldest son, Robert -- aged 14 years -- standing by the side of the table -- sitting on an old easy chair is a Soweto resident with his 15-year-old DAUGHTER standing beside him.
33) 0) text: Emily is watering a tiny vegetable plot in the yard, with a bucket and a pierced tin. Robert is playing nearby with the youngest child. Robert sees Gordon walking slowly to their house and says playfully to the baby:
33) 1) dialog: Look who's coming? It's baba! Emily turns to look. She immediately realizes that some- thing is wrong. She drops the tin and walks a few steps toward the gate. Gordon sees her and stops. Emily starts to break down.
38) 0) text: The small dark room is crowded. The one oil lamp -- on the table -- At the table sits Gordon... his glasses on the end of his nose. Emily is sitting by the stove.      Robert stands beside chair, watching, listening. The youngsters are sleeping in opposite directions on the iron bed. Wellington is sitting beside Gordon at the table. There is something wild in his manner. He looks everywhere as if he is scared of being attacked unawares. The black cleaner from John Vorster Sq. stands near the table. Gordon is reading aloud from a handwritten document.
74) 0) text: The large Soweto cemetery has scores of graves ready for burials. The chief mourners, Emily, Robert, his sister, Margaret, four relatives and Stanley are standing on either side of the PRIEST. Gordon's coffin is in the grave; several wreaths are on the side of the grave. There are about fifteen hundred mourners, and half are youths. There are several local reporters and overseas television reporters. The police are in attendance in large numbers at the edge of the crowd, some in battle dress and some with dogs. PRIEST
79) 0) text: A small group of youngsters are there, hands thrust into their pockets, hanging around in a stony silence. Robert is standing by the door. Stanley calls one of them and talks to him -- the boys look around and say something. As Stanley goes back to the door, passing Robert, he ruffles his hair.