4) 0) text: The MUSIC STOPS. The doors open. The 40 years-old- minister Bester comes to the door, then stands and greets his parishioners as they file out of the church. Amongst them, Ben Du Toit -- his wife, SUSAN, a clean- cut, immaculate, "toe-the-line" beauty and his son, Johan -- the blond, blue-eyed, tanned and torsoed fourteen- year-old every father dreams of. Susan greets friends and acquaintances, pausing to chat... mostly formalities. Johan, his eyes on a girl his age. She is with her father, Mr. Cloete, the headmaster -- she smiles at Johan from a distance; he waves awkwardly as she drives off with her parents. SUZETTE his daughter, sophisticated -- groomed. She takes her baby from the black nanny waiting in the car, carries the child to the group chatting with CHRIS, her husband. She shows it off proudly. Ben is chatting, concerned, to a WOMAN. She looks drawn and worried.
4) 5) dialog: Ben!   Ben! She's waving impatiently at him.     He crosses back to h Suzette's BABY is HOWLING.
4) 9) dialog: Mrs. Coetzee.    She looked worried.
4) 11) dialog: So you said you'd have a word with him?
5) 0) text: The Du Toit family. Susan is bringing out the salads. Chris, her son-in-law, is at the barbecue, stinging his eyes. Ben is bouncing his grandson, little Hennie, in a small, portable pool. The black nanny sits in attendance in the shade, a towel at the ready. The good life... ... Suddenly disturbed by... Gordon and Jonathan standing uncertain at the far side of the garden; Gordon's hat pressed flat against his chest, Jonathan defiant. Susan looks up -- as do each in turn -- curious at the intrusion... then the black nanny -- and finally Ben. After a moment, Ben walks up to Gordon.
6) 13) dialog: Ben!
8) 0) text: Ben takes his place at the table.     Susan brings a piec of boerwors and a mug of beer.
8) 1) dialog: Trouble?
8) 6) dialog: He probably deserved it.
24) 5) text: Sure -- let you know straight away -- love to, Susan... Cheers! (puts down phone; presses his intercom)
37) 1) dialog: Isn't that tragic? Jonathan was such a nice boy. Even played with my Johan when they were small, God.
37) 3) dialog: You said he was very bright at school. Chris helps himself to more.     Suzette looks at the pap
37) 17) dialog: This bloody Bruwer woman reports one hundred shot, but the radio said only twenty and the police were attacked first.
37) 25) dialog: You for a start. Come on!    Help me clear these dishes. As Johan stands, to clear the table. He turns to his father with a smile, and shrugs -- an irritated Suzette joins them.
39) 8) dialog: Coffee!   Come on, Johan.   Time for bed. Johan pulls back from his father's arms.
39) 10) dialog: I'm proud of you, Ben... what you've done for that family. But darling, you shouldn't take these things to heart so much. What more can you do about it?
39) 12) dialog: (stroking his hair gently)
51) 0) text: Suzette and Susan in the kitchen arranging the dessert tray. The kitchen is surprisingly neat. LAUGHTER is coming from the dining room. SUZETTE
51) 1) text: What extra-mural interest? SUSAN
51) 2) text: Champion of political detainees! Ben comes in to open extra bottles of wine, hears Susan's line. SUZETTE
51) 12) text: My God. What on earth for? Susan leaves the kitchen without a word, with the dessert plates on the tray to the dining room.
52) 0) text: Susan reaches VIVIERS and the minister DOMINEE BESTER, with their dessert plates. The candles have burned down amid the detritus of dinner: glasses disarranged and dirty, the cloth spotted with food and wine and ashes. In addition to Viviers, dateless, and Bester and his wife, the school's headmaster, Cloete and his wife.
55) 0) text: Susan enters the kitchen. As she is about to place the jug and basin on the table next to the tray with cups of the same set, there is a knock at the door.
55) 1) dialog: (turning to the door)
55) 6) dialog: (surprised)
56) 0) text: Ben and guests hear Susan. Ben jumps up, hurries to the door.    Viviers starts to follow.
57) 4) dialog: intrigued.
62) 0) text: Laughter again. Ben has rejoined the party in the lounge. The women are together talking, laughing and the men on their own. SUSAN
62) 6) text: We're not concerned with 'blacks.' We're talking about GORDON. A good man and very loyal. SUSAN
62) 9) text: A hard worker? I had to get rid of him. Susan doesn't react.   She leaves to join the womens' group.
64) 3) text: The faces    of his friends scattered among the pews, Suz and Susan    listening intently, Johan beside her visibly bored, his    eyes wandering to the Cloete's daughter at the end of    the pew.
65) 0) text: Ben's garage/workshop -- the door is open. Ben and Johan are together building a strong desk for Johan. The RADIO offers MUSIC to keep them company.   Susan is confronting Ben. SUSAN
65) 2) text: What difference would it have made? SUSAN
65) 4) text: I didn't want to upset you. SUSAN
65) 5) text: Upset me? It upsets me when you share your bloody secrets with a child! Johan is embarrassed. Ben glances at him. Johan shrugs and shakes his head "not me." Ben planes on. SUSAN
65) 8) text: Now what? SUSAN
65) 14) dialog: (looking at him)
65) 18) dialog: He's the gardener for God's sake, not one of the family.
65) 20) dialog: (nuzzling into his chest)
65) 24) dialog: (smiling indulgently at Johan's interruption)
65) 27) dialog: Oh, bloody hell!
73) 24) dialog: Ben, you're not a doctor. His death was announced officially. They wouldn't say anything unless they were certain of their facts.
73) 27) dialog: (interrupts)
73) 31) dialog: (suddenly desperate)
73) 36) dialog: (pleading)
75) 0) text: Ben, Susan watching the main evening news bulletin on TV. On the screen a sequence of rioting.
81) 0) text: Susan and Ben are in bed.    Susan is in Ben's arms, she relaxed and loving. Ben talks quietly and calmly. BEN
81) 1) text: I think I am without awareness. I have always cared about people, call it a social conscience. But my visit to Gordon's house made me experience another dimension of human conditions. SUSAN
81) 3) text: No, I expected that. But listening to them talk made me realize that I did not know the blacks. Now I question my attitudes, my concerns as Ben, and complacence as a white person. SUSAN
81) 4) text: Ben, I know your anxiety about the inquest. All will be cleared up, in a legal way, and you'll be back to your normal self. Now let's turn off the lights. Susan kisses Ben tenderly.
90) 0) text: Susan is sitting at the dressing table. She is applying cleansing cream to her face. She is relaxed. Ben is getting ready for bed.
90) 1) dialog: Did you enjoy the 'bobotie?' When I heard the verdict on the news I knew you'd be upset. (softer)
90) 4) text: Thank you, darling. A pause.     Susan starts to remove the cream.
90) 5) dialog: I'm glad it's all over. You take things to heart too much. Ben comes and stands behind Susan -- looking at her throu the mirror.
90) 11) dialog: (soothingly)
90) 14) text: I'm not so sure about that, Susan! Susan swivels around and faces Ben.
90) 15) dialog: I'm damned well sure! It's over, Ben! You better get that into your head. Ben just stares at her with seething anger.       She sta and starts being hysterical.
90) 16) dialog: A teacher, always a bloody teacher. You never moved yourself for us. But for the blacks, oh yes. Whose side are you on, Ben? And I'm sick and tired of those natives coming here. Why don't you bloody well go and live in Soweto? Ben strides out of the room.
90) 17) dialog: (following and shouting)
90) 20) text: Soweto! Then shuts the door behind him. Susan stands stupefied.    There's the sound of the SPARE ROOM DOOR.
94) 0) text: Susan and Suzette sit there. Suzette's holding a news- paper -- the Ossewa -- Susan's thoughtful, her face is re and discomposed -- obviously she had cried. The PHONE RINGS but they deliberately ignore it. Ben appears with the newspapers under his arm, sees Suzette's sports car and hurries to join them. Suzette doesn't even give him a chance to kiss her.
94) 24) dialog: (standing up)
94) 28) text: There must be easier ways of getting your name in the paper. Before she can stop herself, Susan slaps him across the face, although not hard. Johan leaves without a word. She clutches her hand, shocked at having it against him. The PHONE starts to RING.    Susan runs out sobbing. Ben looks at her then walks into the living room to pick up the phone.
101) 0) text: The search continues in the living room.        Susan is standing pale, rigid, shocked.
101) 2) dialog: (throwing Ben a warning daggers look)
101) 3) text: I'm afraid I don't understand. Nothing from Stolz. One of the men starts to roll up the carpet to look under it. Susan has to move out of his way.
101) 7) dialog: My father's an M.P.!   Warn who?
104) 0) text: Susan is preparing a roast. There's music from a trans- istor RADIO. Susan is startled by a voice, her father's (Ben's FATHER-IN-LAW). She turns OFF, the RADIO.
104) 2) dialog: (happy)
104) 4) dialog: Where's Mama? She disentangles herself and goes to the living room as excited as a child, the mother is standing by two cases, smiling. Susan hugs her.
104) 5) dialog: Mama! She holds her mother at arm's length inspecting her.
104) 6) dialog: The perfume and a new hairstyle.
104) 11) dialog: (hugging her again)
104) 17) dialog: Please don't say that, Papa. Ben walks in.
104) 24) dialog: I'll prepare some tea.     I baked a cake. She goes to the kitchen.
106) 0) text: Susan sitting on an armchair, sewing. She is aware of a car stopping opposite the house. Then several young voices shout: "Kaffir lover" "Kaffer boetie" "Red Communist" The car drives off at speed. Susan sits petrified.
109) 0) text: Ben is standing by the workbench, the new drawer he and Johan built for the toolbox, open before him. He's rereading Gordon's letters to Emily. Sound of approaching FOOTSTEPS. Ben quickly puts the letters into the drawer and shuts it. Susan appears at the door -- she looks ten years older. SUSAN
110) 0) text: Johan sits, Ben crouched before him.   The boy's shirt is torn, his eyes swollen, his lip cut.   He looks at the floor. Susan hovers. SUSAN
110) 5) text: I don't care! It doesn't hurt me! Susan stares at him, at Ben, turns abruptly, walks out of the room. Johan looks at his father. JOHAN
111) 0) text: The WINDOW, a    LAMP and a MIRROR SHATTER -- Susan screa standing, her    hands -- clamped over her ears -- eyes tight shut --    hysterical -- the TELEVISION CHATTERS on an Afrikaans'    play. Ben bursts in, holds her tight, as she screams into his chest.
111) 1) dialog: (hysterical)
111) 8) text: It's okay, stay there, please!! Gently, he leads Susan who is sobbing now, out of the room.
112) 1) dialog: (in disbelief)
112) 7) dialog: (screaming)
112) 8) text: Oh, is that all... What the hell more do you want to happen... we're ordinary people for God's sake -- and you've pitched us into this -- this nightmare. I can't take any more, Ben... I can't take any more!! She drops her head and sobs. Ben sits beside her, and takes her hands to comfort her. Susan puts her head on his shoulder.
112) 9) dialog: (in a quiet pleading voice)
124) 0) text: Ben and Susan in bed, asleep. The PHONE RINGS... waking them both. Ben answers. There's no one there. He puts it down. The RINGING STARTS AGAIN. Ben puts the re- ceiver down. SUSAN
124) 2) text: (focusing on ceiling) It's impossible to stop now, Susan. I believe I'm right in what I'm doing. If I stop now I'll go mad. SUSAN
124) 4) text: (painfully) I have got to. Susan shuts her eyes tight and turns her back on him to hide her tears.
127) 0) text: Christmas day lunch. Assembled around the table are Ben's Father-in-law, his wife Helen, Suzette and Chris, her husband, Johan, Ben and Susan. They're all wearing paper hats from Christmas crackers. On the table is a large piece of roast lamb, ox tongue, a large turkey and assorted vegetables. Ben is at the head of the table adjacent to the door lead ing to the kitchen, the Father-in-law is sitting by his side facing the door. Ben is in the middle of carving the turkey, plates are being passed to him. JOHAN
127) 7) text: (to Father-in-law) I think he deserves the parson's nose for that remark. They laugh. Susan laughs. She does her best to compose. Suddenly... a KNOCK at the outside kitchen door. As Ben turns towards the door it opens and...
129) 0) text: Susan sits   with her eyes tight shut -- trying to shut o the horror   of it all. As the Father-in-law goes into the living   room, he pulls back his wife's chair and hel her to her   feet.
129) 4) text: Chris! Chris follows. Susan also. From the living room, she calls Johan who is left alone at the table, perplexed. Johan goes to his mother. There's a general rush for the door and, without warning, the room is empty. Only the TIN ANGELS TINKLE merrily around their candles.