4) 0) text: The MUSIC STOPS. The doors open. The 40 years-old- minister Bester comes to the door, then stands and greets his parishioners as they file out of the church. Amongst them, Ben Du Toit -- his wife, SUSAN, a clean- cut, immaculate, "toe-the-line" beauty and his son, Johan -- the blond, blue-eyed, tanned and torsoed fourteen- year-old every father dreams of. Susan greets friends and acquaintances, pausing to chat... mostly formalities. Johan, his eyes on a girl his age. She is with her father, Mr. Cloete, the headmaster -- she smiles at Johan from a distance; he waves awkwardly as she drives off with her parents. SUZETTE his daughter, sophisticated -- groomed. She takes her baby from the black nanny waiting in the car, carries the child to the group chatting with CHRIS, her husband. She shows it off proudly. Ben is chatting, concerned, to a WOMAN. She looks drawn and worried.
37) 0) text: Sizette and   Chris with the family at dinner. Suzette is passed the   Rand Daily Mail newspaper by Chris, folded a an article   headlined: "WHAT REALLY HAPPENED TO JONATHAN NGUBENE?"    by Melanie Bruwer.
37) 4) dialog: Well, this kind of journalism doesn't help the situation. Look at her face? What does she look like?
37) 18) dialog: I thought the idea was to give them their own areas, banstustans. Let them live with their own kind. No chance of conflict then. Everybody's happy.
37) 23) dialog: Pardon?
51) 0) text: Suzette and Susan in the kitchen arranging the dessert tray. The kitchen is surprisingly neat. LAUGHTER is coming from the dining room. SUZETTE
51) 2) text: Champion of political detainees! Ben comes in to open extra bottles of wine, hears Susan's line. SUZETTE
51) 9) dialog: Our Gordon?
51) 11) dialog: (disbelieving)
53) 0) text: Ben hastily uncorking a bottle of wine while talking to Suzette.
53) 1) dialog: It must be a mistake, Papa.
53) 3) dialog: Went down where?
53) 5) dialog: You old devil you. Does Ma know?
53) 10) dialog: Be careful. I don't want my favorite Papa in trouble, Gordon or no Gordon. She ruffles his hair, smiles, kisses him.       They go b into the dining room.
62) 24) text: ... Look, I know the police often know more than we do. I'm not questioning that. I'm as loyal as the next man. But I do know Gordon Ngubene... there is something wrong. There's a moment's embarrassed silence, broken by Suzette entrance with a tray of glasses and a bottle of brandy.
62) 25) dialog: (putting the tray in front of Ben)
91) 0) text: Ben is standing in the middle of the room, in the dark. On the wall behind him is a young Suzette's picture.
94) 0) text: Susan and Suzette sit there. Suzette's holding a news- paper -- the Ossewa -- Susan's thoughtful, her face is re and discomposed -- obviously she had cried. The PHONE RINGS but they deliberately ignore it. Ben appears with the newspapers under his arm, sees Suzette's sports car and hurries to join them. Suzette doesn't even give him a chance to kiss her.
94) 1) dialog: (jumping up and showing the cover of Ossewa)
94) 4) text: How's that, Suzette? Ben takes the newspaper and looks at the cover. A picture of himself and Emily outside the courtroom. The two faces are close together with the notes: "EMILY NGUBENE, wife of native who died in detention, comforted by a friend of family, Mr. BEN DU TOIT." And in parenthesis "see page two." He throws the Ossewa on a chair and checks into the Rand Daily Mail. Inside there is a long article with Emily's picture, titled "the Face of Grief." Ben folds up the newspapers, and shakes his head. He suddenly realizes why the people reacted like that outsid
94) 8) dialog: You didn't stop to think of the family. Poor mother, how can she face anyone? And tomorrow is Sunday!
94) 11) dialog: You listen, Papa, just tell me, why? Recognizing his father in the photo, Johan has picked up the newspaper from the chair.
94) 13) dialog: What's distorted about it? Your face is practically touching that meid's face, like you were about to kiss her.
94) 15) text: Suzette, pull yourself together!
94) 16) dialog: Today the whole country has seen that photograph. We, your children, are going to suffer. At this very moment Chris is negotiating with the Provincial Council. Would you like to see them cancel it? You have no feeling, Papa!
94) 18) text: Suzette! She leaves in rage.
127) 0) text: Christmas day lunch. Assembled around the table are Ben's Father-in-law, his wife Helen, Suzette and Chris, her husband, Johan, Ben and Susan. They're all wearing paper hats from Christmas crackers. On the table is a large piece of roast lamb, ox tongue, a large turkey and assorted vegetables. Ben is at the head of the table adjacent to the door lead ing to the kitchen, the Father-in-law is sitting by his side facing the door. Ben is in the middle of carving the turkey, plates are being passed to him. JOHAN
127) 2) text: About the same size. SUZETTE
127) 4) text: I don't remember that, Suzette. FATHER-IN-LAW
129) 3) dialog: (following)
135) 0) text: The immaculate blue of the pool. Johan hurls himself out of the water, flops down at the side. Suzette and Ben nearby, sitting in the sun. Pieter at the barbecue, sizzling thick steaks. A servant in white uniform soundlessly laying the table on the patio behind him. The nanny with the baby in the shade. BEN
135) 1) text: -- How's she doing? SUZETTE
135) 7) dialog: Papa, I don't want to interfere...
135) 9) dialog: I know this is going to sound strange coming from me... I mean I haven't exactly been supportive for the past months... I can't say I agree with what you've done but I respect you for what you are... ON Johan listening.
135) 10) dialog: I'm just... destroyed by what's happening to us as a family.
135) 12) dialog: (interrupts, squeezing his arm.)
135) 13) text: Please, Papa, for Mom's sake... For all of our sakes... Let's try and patch it up. Ben smiles sadly at her... Suzette understands.        Jo looks at them.
136) 0) text: Ben and Johan in the car.        Suzette leans in through driver's window.
136) 1) dialog: Let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
136) 6) dialog: I don't want to worry about you. That search, this vandalism, those shots... they're really after the evidence you've been accumulating ... Can I look after them for you, Papa? Ben smiles.
136) 8) dialog: (smiling)
136) 9) text: Where on earth do you keep them? ON Johan looking at Suzette then at Ben with concern.
152) 0) text: Ben rises as Suzette joins him at his table.   They kiss and she sits opposite him.
152) 2) text: How are you, Suzette?
152) 6) dialog: (in a soft voice)
152) 9) dialog: No, thanks. Without taking his eyes off her, he takes a brown envelop from a chair and pushes it slowly towards the uncomfor- table Suzette. She picks up the envelope.
152) 10) dialog: (rising)
152) 13) text: I know. Suzette awkwardly kisses him on the cheek.
153) 0) text: Suzette gets into her car and drives off. The parked car follows. The two cars turn at the next corner.
154) 0) text: The two cars approach following each other. As the second car overtakes, he draws Suzette's attention with his HORN and signals her to pull up. As she gets out of her car holding the brown envelope, Capt. Stolz gets out of the other side. Suzette walks over to the passenger:      Colonel Viljoen
154) 6) dialog: (happily)
154) 9) dialog: Here it is, Colonel.
154) 11) dialog: I must hurry, Colonel.   Goodbye. She drives off.