1) 0) text: Dan Pienaar school is a typical Johannesburg Afrikaan school. The students are mainly from middle-class families. School athletics are in progress. The stu- dents, in their smart school uniforms, are cheering enthusiastically a relay race on the immaculately-kept sports ground. GORDON NGUBENE, a 47-years-old African laborer is work- ing in the school garden. A few feet away is his 15- years-old son JONATHAN leaning against a wall watching the games. BEN DU TOIT, a 50-year-old Afrikaaner history teacher, is enthusiastically cheering his son JOHAN, a 15-years-old, who is leading neck-and-neck with another boy in the last leg of the race. The excitement increases as they approach the tape. Ben is beside himself, egging his son with shouts. The young teacher, VIVIERS, standing next to Ben, is shouting "come on Johan," and slapping the father on the back. Johan breasts the tape just ahead of the other boy. The ground is invaded by boys running to congratulate Johan. Ben hurries towards his happy but exhausted son; the prou father pushing his way through the animated boys. As he reaches Johan he pats him on the back.
52) 0) text: Susan reaches VIVIERS and the minister DOMINEE BESTER, with their dessert plates. The candles have burned down amid the detritus of dinner: glasses disarranged and dirty, the cloth spotted with food and wine and ashes. In addition to Viviers, dateless, and Bester and his wife, the school's headmaster, Cloete and his wife.
54) 2) dialog: Not for me, Oom Ben. I'm drunk enough.
56) 0) text: Ben and guests hear Susan. Ben jumps up, hurries to the door.    Viviers starts to follow.
57) 0) text: Ben stops at the door, sees Stanley, turns to Viviers.
62) 4) text: Blacks lead double lives. One you see and one you don't. These people surprise you all the time. VIVIERS
62) 20) dialog: Except his three teeth. Our government mustn't allow such things to happen. After all, it's a Christian government. (turning to Bester)
62) 32) dialog: Oom, Ben, may your problems be small ones!
97) 12) dialog: 'Morning, Oom Ben.
97) 14) text: Viviers.
97) 15) dialog: (pouring coffee)
97) 16) text: Private coffee with Cloete? Ben picks up the copy of the Ossewa with the photograph and shows it to Viviers.
126) 0) text: It's the end of the school day. The yard is practically deserted. Only Viviers waiting for Ben under the veranda. Ben appears. VIVIERS
126) 3) text: Later, Viviers. VIVIERS
126) 4) text: (keeping up) But, Oom Ben, it's about the S.B. they came to question me. Before they started questioning me I told them they were wasting their time. Ben doesn't react. VIVIERS
126) 5) text: They asked if I was cooperating with you. What I knew about the A.N.C. Can you imagine that! They then said: 'Mr. Viviers you come from a good Afrikaans family and it's important that you realize that communists are looking for people like you and before you know where you are they're using you! And, Oom Ben... BEN
126) 7) text: I'm sorry, Viviers. I never wanted you to get involved. (getting into his car)
126) 8) text: I have just resigned. VIVIERS