40) 0) text: A FORMULA ONE CAR screams around the track on a test run the famous racing complex. It zooms past the near empty stands, where a daytime COCK PARTY is in progress. A few of the fabulous crowd take no and CHEER, perched over the railing. BACK ON THE CAR, circling the track, passing-- IN THE PIT other cars IDLE or are in various states of maintenance. Members of RACING TEAM GARRIGA diligently wo their various jobs as their driver gets a feel for the tr IN THE STANDS sits Spanish team owner RAFAEL LAMARCA GARC GARRIGA-- 40, wildly wealthy and even more powerful. It o out of every pore. He sits alone, sipping on an espresso and surveying his t from on high. GARRIGA POV: Through the bustle trackside we find NICKY talking to a rather severe and ominous 60 year old WELSHM Garriga’s head of security, WILLIAM OWENS. They huddle around a bank of monitoring equipment and Nic points out the readings on several LCD screens. 66. Owens offers no emotion as he listens. Eventually, he ste away-- headed for the stands. Garriga takes another sip of his espresso, never taking h eyes off the track until--
40) 1) dialog: I wasn’t expecting such a kind face... Owens is next to him now. He speaks in a thick WELSH BROG
40) 3) dialog: Why?
40) 5) dialog: That’s the point.
40) 7) dialog: I did not say you had to trust him. Just to be sure he does his job.
40) 9) dialog: Invite him to lunch. Owens nods even though Garriga has never removed his eyes from the track.
41) 0) text: Before the huge windows in the empty dining area overlook the track, Garriga, Owens and Nicky have lunch. 67.
41) 1) dialog: You are a man known for great skills of persuasion and deception. Nicky nods gently.
41) 2) dialog: You were very hard for me to find.
41) 4) dialog: So why did you take my offer?
41) 6) dialog: I love everything about what we do. Drivers risk their lives for glory. The competition, the constant innovation, new materials, exotic fabrication- all of it to gain a fraction of a second on your competition. It is a sport of nanoseconds. Millions of dollars to get the slightest edge. (then) My car- You saw it?
41) 8) dialog: Easily $400 million dollars in R and D. Ferrari, McEwen, Lotus, they spend half of that. (then) But still I have a problem. Ten years ago at LeMans I was young and I was drunk and I declared Team Garriga would dominate the sport within a decade. And over that decade we have come very close. This year McEwen is the only team standing in my way. (then) But I have something none of them have. 68.
41) 10) dialog: Yes, they all want it. My engineers promise it guarantees me a win. But that’s not enough for me. Perhaps I am paranoid. Or perhaps I am too proud. But I will not lose. That is why I wanted you.
41) 13) dialog: How much of an edge?
41) 15) dialog: Two thirds of a second is a gracious plenty. Owens nods. Then-
41) 18) dialog: Yes.
41) 20) dialog: Good.
43) 9) dialog: Of course bonita... And as Garriga orders a drink from a nearby WAITER, Jess catches sight of Nicky leaving the party. She calmly observes him and after a few moments leans close to Garri
43) 11) dialog: Of course...
47) 0) text: On Nicky, sitting on the diving board, drinking while watching Jess and Garriga from afar. The tray is next to half of the glasses are empty. He remains indifferent as Owens joins him.
48) 0) text: Garriga and Jess LAUGH at an unheard joke. She swats him.
48) 2) dialog: Funny, right?
48) 5) dialog: Don’t worry. He’s a disgruntled engineer. SMASH! Nicky throws down his glass. Many guests, includin McEwen turn. GARRIGA (CONT’D) I expect you have to something to say to m-- WHACK! Nicky knocks Garriga off his feet with a very unexpected punch to the face.
48) 8) dialog: (to Nicky) Why are you punching me? (WHACK) I thought we were shoving. (WHACK)
48) 11) dialog: Get him out of here! MCEWEN watches as they drag Nicky away while Garriga trie urge the guests to resume enjoying the party. McEwen turn and whispers something to his BODYGUARD standing next to ON OWENS, yanking Nicky and whispering in his ear.
48) 15) dialog: The racing business bonita. That’s all...
50) 0) text: Jess emerges from Garriga’s Escalade and an Argentine SALESWOMAN opens the door to greet her.
55) 0) text: Nicky arrives at the garden on the hotel grounds. He look for Jess. No sign of her. DING. A text: “Turn around” He slowly turns. He’s facing the hotel. DING. “Look up” He does. Scanning upward a few floors until he sees-- Jess, in heavy shadow, silhouetted by the light spilling her suite. 91. He watches as she slowly undoes the sash of her robe, not opening it. She turns and moves inside, diffused by the sheer curtain and warm light inside. Nicky walks with her as she enters the bedroom. He's rapt not noticing as he walks through a manicured flower bed. She stops, her back to him, still diffused by the curtain He stops and watches as she DROPS HER ROBE. Although obscured slightly by the curtains, he can see her turn he head and he can discern a sly smile. Then-- Garriga enters the bedroom, shirtless, hairy and libidino She turns to him and embraces him. Nicky shoulders his disappointment and frustration as the vanish from view. FADE OUT.
66) 2) dialog: With friends like you? Who needs luck? Nicky smiles as Garriga LAUGHS. He hangs up and speeds do the road.
68) 0) text: Nicky, the Head Lotus Engineer and a Lotus Tech sit befor monitors that display the Garriga information. The Engine smiles broadly and slaps him on the back.
70) 0) text: Nicky, the Head RENAULT ENGINEER and a RENAULT TECH sit before monitors that display the Garriga information.
81) 1) dialog: Remove the tape from his mouth. REVEAL Garriga looking on them with disdain. Owens is a f steps behind him, settling in as Gordon removes the tape, from Nicky. Jess is left gagged. She’s scared. GARRIGA (CONT’D) Do you really think I’m such an amateur that I would not have someone on the inside with McEwen? Someone to keep eyes on you? (then) Twenty years in this business teach you never to be too careful. He’s my secret weapon... (then) Now imagine my surprise when Gordon showed me what you sold to McEwen. Not some fake software as we discussed. But my plans, my designs, (explodes )
81) 5) dialog: 
81) 11) dialog: So- before the inevitable bloody end, I want to know how. How did you get the information? He DARTS TOWARD JESS in a rage.
81) 12) dialog: 
81) 16) dialog: 
81) 20) dialog: No. You used my login, my password. How did you get it?
81) 22) dialog: Bullshit! Liar! Garriga whips out a key fob SECURITY KEY (A real device f high end cybersecurity that randomly generates passwords its small display). GARRIGA (CONT’D) This generates a new password every 15 minutes and it never leaves my sight. How did you get it?!
81) 24) dialog: Tell me! He pinches Jess’ nose again. Gordon cocks his pistol.
81) 26) dialog: 
81) 29) dialog: 
81) 54) dialog: I think he’s lost his mind! Laughing continues. Gordon seems perplexed. He laughs any
81) 62) dialog: What the hell were you saying about me and her? She’s just a race skank!
81) 64) dialog: She's been driving me crazy, hanging around, flirting, teasing-- and the minute I try to get her up to my room? A headache, a period. The world’s longest period. She’s never even been in my room.
81) 70) dialog: It’s true, I use prostitutas.
81) 75) dialog: Not a very good one at least.
81) 78) dialog: This watch?
81) 87) dialog: (to Owens) This is unbelievable...
81) 90) dialog: Enough.
81) 93) dialog: Quiet!
81) 97) dialog: 
81) 105) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?! Jess continues to SCREAM.
81) 107) dialog: Control yourself with that cannon! It will bring the police!! Nicky is fading quickly. Jess throws herself off the chai landing on her knees, fighting her bonds to get to Nicky.
81) 112) dialog: Look at me. She ignores him, staring at dying Nicky. Garriga grabs her chin, turning her head to him. She glar at him-- Then SWINGS AT HIM WILDLY with her bound hands. He bats o her attack easily, quickly gaining control. She burns with hatred and despair. GARRIGA (CONT’D) Lo siento quierda... He lets go. Headed for the door- motioning for Gordon to follow him out. GARRIGA (CONT’D) (to Owens) Kill her. Just do it quietly. Garriga and Gordon EXIT as Jess returns her attention to Nicky, who is slipping away fast.
83) 0) text: MUSIC as Jess shoulders Nicky’s weight as they walk acros the street. As they shuffle along, they seem strangely happy. Well suited, content. They head to the hospital. They head for the future. In l A GLINT catches Nicky’s eye. He looks to Jess’ wrist: It's Garriga’s watch. FADE OUT.