40) 0) text: A FORMULA ONE CAR screams around the track on a test run the famous racing complex. It zooms past the near empty stands, where a daytime COCK PARTY is in progress. A few of the fabulous crowd take no and CHEER, perched over the railing. BACK ON THE CAR, circling the track, passing-- IN THE PIT other cars IDLE or are in various states of maintenance. Members of RACING TEAM GARRIGA diligently wo their various jobs as their driver gets a feel for the tr IN THE STANDS sits Spanish team owner RAFAEL LAMARCA GARC GARRIGA-- 40, wildly wealthy and even more powerful. It o out of every pore. He sits alone, sipping on an espresso and surveying his t from on high. GARRIGA POV: Through the bustle trackside we find NICKY talking to a rather severe and ominous 60 year old WELSHM Garriga’s head of security, WILLIAM OWENS. They huddle around a bank of monitoring equipment and Nic points out the readings on several LCD screens. 66. Owens offers no emotion as he listens. Eventually, he ste away-- headed for the stands. Garriga takes another sip of his espresso, never taking h eyes off the track until--
40) 2) dialog: The tech says his gizmo checks out. But in complete candor I don’t like this-- and I don’t like this boy.
40) 4) dialog: He’s a con man, sir.
40) 6) dialog: I've dealt with guys like him when I was at 85 Albert. Slippery fish.
40) 8) dialog: That I will. My eyes are open and I keep my 1911 well fed. Garriga is amused.
41) 0) text: Before the huge windows in the empty dining area overlook the track, Garriga, Owens and Nicky have lunch. 67.
41) 11) dialog: This needs to be discreet. It needs to be safe. No holes.
41) 16) dialog: Just because the techs say it checks out, what makes you think you can convince them you're absolutely real? That you’re completely authentic? You can’t be dicking around boy. 69.
47) 0) text: On Nicky, sitting on the diving board, drinking while watching Jess and Garriga from afar. The tray is next to half of the glasses are empty. He remains indifferent as Owens joins him.
47) 1) dialog: Are you drunk?
47) 3) dialog: What part of the plan calls for a tray full of Lemon Drops, Apple- tinis, and Goldschlager shots? Are you pledging a sorority house?
47) 5) dialog: Why? What’s going on? Something wrong?
47) 7) dialog: You're not feeling it? This isn’t Jazzfest, Thelonious. What’s your reason?
47) 9) dialog: You sure? Mr. Garriga is not a guy you want to cross... me neither. So if there’s something you need to say, say it.
47) 11) dialog: God damned primadonna delicate science bullshit. You’re not smashing atoms here. This isn’t CERN. Just do what you’re being paid to do. (mutters ) Shitheel... Owens exits. Nicky shoots back another drink.
48) 6) dialog: (surprised by punch) Oh shit--
48) 12) dialog: Oversold it a bit didn’t you?
64) 15) dialog: Where are you?
64) 17) dialog: Good. I’m at the door. Nicky hangs up, wincing.
64) 20) dialog: Still sleeping? I thought you were meeting with McEwen... 105.
64) 22) dialog: Yeah?
64) 24) dialog: There’s a lazy Sunday softness to your generation-- makes me uncomfortable. Owens wanders along the living area. It’s obvious he’s looking for something or someone.
64) 25) dialog: I like to be on my feet. I'11 lay down when I get cancer. Or if I fuck. Both of which will be done on my back in case you were wondering. He heads for the OPEN FRENCH DOORS that lead to the BEDRO
64) 27) dialog: Sarcasm. Another pillar of your generation. You want to tell somebody to fuck off, tell ‘em to fuck off. Don’t say, ‘gee, what a great jacket.’ It’s weakness. Nicky rolls his eyes as Owens glances through to the bed.
64) 28) dialog: That’s a messy bed.
64) 30) dialog: Someone here?
64) 32) dialog: You know why you don’t sleep well? Added complexity to the point of distraction. He closes the door behind him and wanders down the hallwa that leads to the front door. JESS is on the other side o the dividing wall in the living area, matching his pace.
64) 33) dialog: All of you with your phones and computers that bring nothing but a barrage of useless information. Nicky gets in front of him, hoping to lead him to the doo and facilitate his exit-- not noticing Owens grabbing a S TRASH CAN and setting a trap for Jess by putting it in fr of the bedroom door.
64) 34) dialog: Fucking Twitter? Like anyone really cares that you’re eating a turkey sandwich for lunch. (realizing) Sorry... ‘Panini.’
64) 36) dialog: Satire.
64) 38) dialog: Who'd you pick up at the airport? ON JESS, on the other side of the dividing wall. She catc sight of the trap Owens laid- she can’t go through the bedroom again. 107. Nicky arrives at the door first, glancing back at the liv area and CATCHES A GLIMPSE of Jess SLIPPING ONTO THE BALC
64) 40) dialog: I got people there.
64) 42) dialog: Why? Is there a problem?
64) 44) dialog: I got a little red hair on my taint that tickles when something's afoot. Lately I’ve been scratching my nethers like a fucking Macaque. He wanders toward the balcony. Nicky follows.
65) 0) text: NOTHING. Jess isn’t there, only Owens. He stares out at t grounds resolutely.
65) 1) dialog: Nice day. 108. He goes back inside, leaving Nicky looking around for Jes He looks to the NEXT BALCONY. The gap is impossibly wide, JESS POKES HER HEAD UP. Somehow she made the jump and, fr the look of her it was terrifying. She’s rattled to the b He mouths, ‘You okay?’ She manages a nod. He pulls his RO KEY from his pocket and tosses it to her. She catches it. He pantomimes, “Meet here. 7 O’clock...” then heads insid INT. BUENOS AIRES HOTEL - NICKY’S ROOM -— CONTINUOUS Nicky enters to find Owens placing the small package on t table and LOOKING AT HIS WATCH--
65) 2) dialog: Call us when you finish with McEwen.
81) 10) dialog: Theiving piece of shite. Garriga gets a tenuous hold on his rage.
81) 85) dialog: She was stealing from him.
81) 106) dialog: I couldn't take another fucking word. STAY ON JESS as she watches Nicky struggle to stay alive, Garriga and Owens argue in the background.
81) 111) dialog: What about her? Garriga thinks. He steps up to her.
81) 115) dialog: 
81) 117) dialog: What the fuck! He backhands her in a rage-- swatting her away. He pulls the pen and grumbles through gritted teeth.
81) 118) dialog: Do you want him to fucking die?! Jess is flummoxed by his words-- WHICH ARE SUDDENLY SPOKE AN AMERICAN ACCENT. His Welsh accent is GONE.
81) 119) dialog: Don’t you know anything? Owens rummages through the tools on the ground-- finding OIL INJECTOR (basically a large SYRINGE) and turning his attention to Nicky’s wound--
81) 120) dialog: What kind of piker are you? You never heard of a Toledo Panic Button? Didn’t he tell you I was inside? Jess is absolutely speechless. She can only shake her hea 126.
81) 121) dialog: Oh Jesus- you must be terrified. Must’ve shaved a decade off your life with panic... He flips Nicky on his side, rips open his shirt around th exit wound. He tears off some DUCT TAPE and covers the ho
81) 122) dialog: You shoot between the third and fourth rib. About eleven O’clock of the left nipple. It misses the heart, all the major arteries. Just punctures the lung. Works most of the time. Well, fifty five percent of the time. Probabilistic. He flips Nicky on his back and tapes shut the entry wound
81) 123) dialog: Untreated, you’ve got ten minutes tops before he drowns in his own blood. He STICKS the blunt injector needle through the tape and DRAWS BACK the PLUNGER. It fills with BLOOD.
81) 124) dialog: But patch it up and account for the cavity pressure... He PULLS THE PLUNGER OUT completely and-- SPLRT-WHOOOOSH. The blood clears as air rushes out of Nicky’s chest cavity.
81) 125) dialog: +..you got about two hours to get to a hospital. GASP. With a thunderous rush, Nicky DRAWS A MAMMOTH BREAT filling his lungs with blessed air. Jess fills with hope.
81) 127) dialog: There’s my boy.... there we go. 127. Owens replaces the plunger in the syringe, equalizing the pressure. As Nicky takes a few more breaths, Owens quickl cuts Jess loose.
81) 128) dialog: Keep an eye on that. Pull the plunger if he can’t breathe. She scrambles to Nicky, scooping him into her arms. He’s no means in good shape, but he’s alive.
81) 132) dialog: (to Nicky) Language boy- I just saved your life!
81) 134) dialog: And have the whole world rain down on my head? This was your mess! You pay for it. Three years I was on the inside! For what? So you could blow it to make cow eyes with some race skank?
81) 136) dialog: I brought you in. You said you could handle it. I should have known with all your talk of regret and ennui that you were gimped. Live and learn I say. He extends a hand to Jess with a big smile. 128.
81) 137) dialog: I’m Bucky by the way. She shakes.
81) 139) dialog: I like you. You can take a punch.
81) 141) dialog: Well there it is, the ill gotten gain... (then) We gotta get him to the hospital before that other lung fills up with blood.
82) 0) text: Owens drives as Jess tends to Nicky in the back seat.
82) 1) dialog: I’ve been working for this prick Spaniard for three years. He’s got a guy at McEwen and he doesn’t tell me? What the hell happened to trust? (self-scolding) Should have seen it. Sloppy. You can be many things in this game but sloppy ain’t one of them. Time to get out.
82) 3) dialog: Beaut wasn’t it? (then) You know what the hard part was? The hard part wasn’t getting him to hire a con man. (MORE )
82) 5) dialog: No, no- the hard part was getting him to think it was his idea to hire a con man. Ah, fuck it-- the hard part was not laughing. Too rich. (then) You can’t con an honest man. Ever heard that? They gotta have larceny in their heart. Isn’t that right Nicholas? Nicky, bleary, nods.
82) 6) dialog: Larceny in their heart. This guy’s heart was black with the stuff. Low hanging fruit. He pulls over, parking across the street from a HOSPITAL. glances in the mirror at Jess and Nicky, happy together.
82) 7) dialog: This life is no place for lovebirds. There’s no happiness here with that. Just think about this honey-- you tricked my boy. That’s no small feat. But the con you pulled wasn’t for money. It was for love. Now you got me choked up. But this game is about the money and if you’re not into that you need to move to the land of the regular people. Where trust isn’t a tool to get you rich or get you laid... it’s where trust is everything. (beat) It’s all you got and all you’1ll ever have. And like it or not, that’s who you are now. Both of you. Another glance in rear view. They seem okay with his assessment. It softens him a touch.
82) 8) dialog: But look at you two. In love. It’s a beautiful thing. (he turns to them) But I’m taking the money. All of it. Nicky doesn’t seem surprised as Owens gets out of the car pops the trunk. 130.
82) 11) dialog: I‘1l see you at Christmas. He walks off with the two duffle bags of cash and disappe into the gloam.