1) 0) text: Still seen from behind, the man emerges from the cellar into a contrastingly elegant space with a wood-beamed. ceiling, vaguely European. He walks along a narrow aisle of wooden diamond bins. As the space widens his foot hits something in his path. He bends to find a shoe. He glances about nervously. There are shutters on the storefront windows. Shoe in hand, he tightens the shutters. We see his profile, a good-looking man. He walks toward a brighter room at the back of the store, the Tasting Room. Now he retrieves a pair of women's trousers from the floor, and as he straightens up we see his entire face, genial, venial, redeemed by his smile. ALEX GATES. He speaks nonchalantly toward the room.
1) 1) dialog: Twenty people tonight. I got a South Beach widow, a plastic surgeon -- they actually came together.
1) 9) text: There's a basket of baguettes on the counter. Alex breaks off an end and chews it to rid his mouth of the taste of the wine. Still chewing, he walks toward the tasting room. ALEX
1) 13) text: I don't want to spoil a religious experience. ALEX
1) 14) text: -- Ever heard of Georges Duboeuf? He throws away some of the glasses. ALEX
1) 19) text: Okay. Show me. ALEX
1) 20) text: Victoria's Secret 95. She passes her glass under his nose. ALEX
1) 22) text: So what is it? ALEX
1) 24) text: I'm not wearing any. ALEX
1) 26) text: Tell me now. He kisses her wet breast. ALEX (WITHOUT HESITATION)
1) 29) text: -- I lo e y u, Alex. V O 3
2) 0) text: Alex is unlocking the door for Gabriella. Dressed, she looks younger. They're awkward with each other. GABRIELLA
2) 1) text: Don't think you have to say it because .1 say it, Alex. (SMILING BRIGHTLY)
2) 2) text: Doesn't mean anything.. ALEX
2) 4) text: We're good together, aren't we. Alex lets out a breath. ALEX
2) 5) text: Oh, yeah... We're pretty good. He kisses her goodbye, unlocks the door. She goes out to her Honda Civic. Alex doesn't wait to see her drive off before he heads back to finish cleaning up the tasting room. 4
3) 0) text: Alex straightens the last chair and starts to extract air from the open bottles. He hears a quiet CLANK of METAL. Instantly alert, he reaches for his jacket and turns off the-light. 5
4) 0) text: Behind the cash register Alex opens a drawer and takes ou a revolver. ze thumbs the safety off. The NOISES RECUR, like someone trying to break in through the back door fro the parking lot. Alex slings his jacket casually over the gun.    
5) 0) text: Alex throws open the back door; he's counting on the element of surprise. HIS POV
5) 1) text: His red Cadillac convertible is idling nose.to the chain locked across the parking lot. A MAN in his twenties, whose tropical shirt fairly glows under the security lights, is using a pair of bolt cutters on the chain. ALEX (ADVANCING)
5) 4) text: This is not your car, sir. This car belongs to the Star Leasing Company. Alex buries the gun in the rear of his waistband as thoug he's rubbing his stiff back and cranks his smile to a higher wattage than the security lights. REPO MAN
5) 5) text: I can collect either the money or the car. Given how much you owe, I figure it's the car. The younger man has almost hacked through the chain. ALEX
5) 7) text: We inventory the property at the yard. He keeps his eye on the chain, ready to gun the engine as soon as the exit is clear. ALEX
5) 8) text: I just want to show you something. Worked by the combination of natural curiosity and Alex's charm; the repo man pops the trunk and gets out of the still-running car. (CONTINUED)    
5) 10) text: In his hand he has the locking "Club" Alex usually uses t secure his. steering wheel. He's not stupid. Amused, Alex takes a step back, palms up. YOUNG MAN
5) 11) text: What are you doing? The repo man ignores him and looks in the trunk. ALEX
5) 13) text: Not on the job. What is this, booze? ALEX
5) 15) text: The Caddy's overdue. ALEX
6) 0) text: Alex is driving fast, top down, Samba MUSIC loud on the STEREO. He keeps time on the wheel as the Miami skyline cruises by.
7) 0) text: Alex turns into the garage of an expensive condominium building before the gate has slid all the way open. The TIRES SQUEAL as he powers the car around the corner. (CONTINUED)    
8) 0) text: Alex lets himself in. The entry ALARM starts to BEEP. He turns it off and resets it. The light has been left on in the kitchen. 10
9) 0) text: JASON, a handsome, troubled 17-year-old with long, dark hair, is filing barbs off a pile of fishing hooks on the center island. He looks harder and wiser than his years. Tackle is strewn everywhere. Some spaghetti remains in the pot it was cooked in and Jason's knife is standing upright in it. Alex walks into the kitchen. He makes an effort to be pleasant, although he's irritated by the mess, by the motorcycle. ALEX
9) 2) text: I'm going out tonight. Alex exhales. ALEX
9) 4) text: Working for you doesn't exactly tax my mind. ALEX
9) 6) text: Fire me. ALEX
9) 12) text: The TOASTER OVEN DINGS. Jason takes out a muffin, it in two with his fishing knife. ALEX
9) 14) text: This has a better edge. Feel it (pointing it at Alex, BLADE FLAT)
9) 15) text: -- feel it. Their voices are rising. ALEX
9) 17) text: Hell with you. Jason exits to the stairs. ALEX
9) 19) text: If you got home on time once in a while, maybe she could skip the chemical help. Alex is also on the stairs. ALEX
9) 25) text: It's not an argument. ALEX
9) 26) text: I asked him to clean up downstairs. SUZANNE (SOOTHING ALEX)
9) 27) text: Maybe he hadn't finished- ALEX
9) 29) text: A modicum. What's that. Modicum my ass. He pushes past his mother toward his own room. Suzanne follows him down the hallway, leaving. Alex behind. SUZANNE
9) 31) text: Then go to bed. ALEX
9) 34) text: It's too late for this. ALEX
11) 0) text: Alex stands under water as hot as he can stand, parboilin himself. Eyes squeezed shut, he lets out a long breath. His life demands more energy than he has anymore. He soaps himself thoroughly. 13
12) 0) text: Suzanne hears the front DOOR SLAM. Jason's DUCATI STARTS UP and ACCELERATES away. Alex comes out of the bathroom in a towel. SUZANNE (FONDLY)
12) 3) text: I liked the twin nurses. There was kind of a story. Alex brings the remote control back to bed. ALEX
12) 7) text: Rio? ALEX
12) 9) text: If we really go. Last time I packed, we went nowhere. ALEX (SLEEPILY)
12) 11) text: (watching the tape) The beaches -- I thought we had a beach. I read how the hotels keep spotters on the roof with scopes, to keep thieves away from the guests. They can look at every inch of your body through the scope. (with a low laugh) Do you mind that I like that? Alex? He has fallen asleep. Tenderly she draws the sheet to his shoulder and settles down to watch the rest of the tape. DISSOLVE TO:
17) 0) text: Alex comes out of his office. ALEX
17) 6) text: Alex takes it, and rips it up. 19
20) 0) text: Robert and Alex are loading cases of wine into the trunk of the Caddy when Jason skids into the parking lot. He takes off his helmet. ALEX
21) 0) text: Jason has fallen asleep while Alex drives. Alex picks up Jason's hand. Jerking awake, Jason tries to pull away, but his reflexes are sleep-slowed. Alex sniffs Jason's fingers, wrinkles his nose, lets Jason have his hand back ALEX
21) 2) text: I washed. ALEX
21) 3) text: There's Wash IN Dries in the glove compartment. Jason opens the compartment, finds the packets, opens one rubs his hands. ALEX
21) 7) text: I'll send you a Christmas card. ALEX
22) 0) text: The Cadillac rolls to a stop at the ate. A tough, but amicable-looking armed guard in his forties, MIKE, opens the window of the air-conditioned booth. His RADIO is tuned to the FOOTBALL GAME. ALEX
22) 2) text: Dolphins down by nine, minute forty to go. It's over. ALEX
22) 4) text: I told you, they don't have it this year. With a wave of acknowledgment for Mike, Alex.. drives ont the grounds. ALEX (YELLING BACK)
23) 0) text: Alex cruises past a collection of oversized villas, and turns into the driveway of the gaudiest. He and Jason climb out of the car. Alex opens the trunk. He loads two wine cases into Jason's arms, takes the third himself. They haven't said a word to each other. 25
24) 0) text: Alex rings the intercom with his elbow. Gabriella's VOICE CRACKLES in response.
24) 2) text: Wine delivery. The INTERCOM CLICKS off. They hear FOOTSTEPS approaching. The door opens. Jason's eyes focus. He's hooked. Gabriella is smiling at Alex. She has her arms full of clean burp cloths. GABRIELLA
24) 3) text: Oh, the boss himself! ALEX
24) 4) text: (with a modest chuckle) How are you? She glances politely toward Jason, not at all expecting what she sees. A circuit connects between them. ALEX
25) 4) text: You can wear it anywhere you like, Mrs. Reese -- except out of the country. Gabriella leads Alex and Jason aboard. Frank likes Alex and is glad to see him. Alex can't help glancing at Dina's long legs.. She smiles. FRANK
25) 5) text: Alex, should we insure the wine while we're at it? His arms tired,'Alex is happy to set down the case. ALEX
27) 0) text: The agent is putting a magnificent diamond necklace in a velvet pouch that he fastidiously cinches and ties. Alex looks away from it to take a bottle out of the remaining case on deck. AGENT
27) 3) text: The alternative is using your fingers, Frank. which offends you more? Alex laughs. Frank pushes back his chair. FRANK
27) 4) text: Don't encourage her, Alex. Her mouth is big enough. Dina is hurt. FRANK
27) 5) text: (to the agent) I'll show you that painting in our stateroom. The agent follows him away. ALEX
27) 7) text: Just open the bottle, Alex. Pour us both a glass. I'm not allowed to drink alone. When she turns her head and looks at him, she's flirting.    
29) 5) text: Put it on my desk. He looks at his wife with her glass, Alex with his glass, and doesn't like it. His voice hardens slightly. FRANK
29) 6) text: Are we all set, Alex? ALEX
30) 3) text: Don't sneak up on me that way! ALEX
30) 7) text: You're going to get me fired and deported. ALEX
30) 8) text: Just put it on for a minute. Look at yourself. She slaps at his hands half-heartedly, but it's so tempting. ALEX
30) 12) text: Alex moves her hair away. She lets him hook the necklace around her neck. He reaches over to open the closet door, fitted out now as a file cabinet, but with the original closet mirror still in place. The safe is visible. Gabriella stares at her reflection, Alex behind her, watching her. The necklace changes her posture. She angles her chin slightly, twists back her hair. Diamonds suit her. GABRIELLA (TITILLATED)
30) 13) text: It's vulgar. ALEX
31) 0) text: Alex appears at the top of the stairs, surprising Jason. ALEX
31) 1) text: I was in the bathroom. He walks down the stairs. A wooden case of liquor is by the terrace doors, where he left it. ALEX
31) 6) text: His face tightens. He follows Alex.
32) 0) text: A poker game is breaking up. Five players, Alex among them. He's done all right. DAVE -- an older man -- has lost. He tosses down his cards. DAVE
32) 1) text: I'm out, I'm home. ALEX (SYMPATHETICALLY)
32) 3) text: You didn't lose that much. ALEX
32) 5) text: Alex, I don't appreciate -- ALEX
32) 10) text: He's got peepee in his veins! Life for that guy's a habit and stained pants. You know what I mean? Dave laughs, feeling better. DAVE NOT ALEX
32) 12) text: Good night. They all AD-LIB "Good night," "See you next week," etc., as they file out. Alex and Victor are the last in the room. Alex puts on his jacket. VICTOR
32) 13) text: Paltry pickings tonight. Alex looks at the small amount of cash on the table. ALEX
32) 15) text: Sure. Why not. He pushes his cash forward into a pot with Alex's. Alex fans the deck across the table. ALEX (CONVERSATIONALLY)
32) 18) text: Beat that. Alex produces the Polaroid of Dina's necklace from his inside jacket pocket. (CONTINUED)    
32) 20) text: He flicks it on the table next to Victor's king. Victor's gaze clicks from the photo to Alex, back to the photo. He slowly reaches out and picks it up. VICTOR
32) 21) text: Very pretty. I remember when it was the cover of the auction catalogue. The Duchess of Windsor's baubles. Bought for a young wife, I remember. Who I'm sure worked just as hard as the Duchess. ALEX
32) 23) text: And they say there's no inflation. ALEX
32) 25) text: I'm retired. ALEX
32) 27) text: I don't need that much. ALEX
32) 29) text: What kind of access? For curiosity's sake. ALEX
32) 31) text: A girlfriend. How sweet. ALEX
32) 37) text: Don't take it personally,. Alex. I don't trust the phone company,, the jury system, or the Israeli government. So why should I trust you. ALEX
32) 38) text: Because I know a good thing when I see it. Alex flips over a card. It's the king of clubs. ALEX
32) 39) text: Victor... Victor has been distracted by Alex's proposition. Now he comes back to scoop up his money. Alex sweeps the cards back into a stack, leaving only the photo on the table. ALEX
34) 0) text: Alex detours toward the dark kitchen.    
35) 0) text: Suzanne is reading in bed. The door opens slightly. She looks over, her mouth draws in. A bottle of champagne wags around the door, followed by Alex and a pair of champagne flutes. ALEX
35) 2) text: (eyeing the champagne) What'd you do this time? He's too pumped to take offense. ALEX
35) 4) text: Whenever you open champagne -- it's such a giveaway. He pours her a glass. ALEX
35) 6) text: You know, I've-never actually seen you play poker -- maybe poker doesn't even exist. Maybe it's just a cover story men use. He laughs. ALEX
35) 8) text: Hey; lightning strikes. He fills his glass. ALEX
35) 11) text: I was charging the groceries today, and they kept the card. We'd been cancelled. ALEX
35) 13) text: I felt about as big as an ant. Alex takes out a credit card. ALEX
35) 16) text: It's the third time this year. ALEX
35) 18) text: Alex, what are we doing together? We don't talk -- ALEX
35) 20) text: -- we don't fuck -- we don't even eat dinner together anymoret ALEX
37) 0) text: Alex and Suzanne hear the MUSIC. He rubs his hand through his hair. (CONTINUED)    
37) 3) text: (hard, flat) No. ALEX
37) 4) text: -- A saint. I should've guessed. Must be at the right amid of God this very minute. Suzanne doesn't bother replying. She turns off the light, pulls the sheet to her shoulders. Alex sits down on the window seat to enjoy the champagne in the dark. 40
38) 0) text: Alex is on the phone. ALEX "
39) 0) text: Alex walks through. Jason's on a ladder stocking the shelves. ALEX
39) 5) text: Alex is surprised and pleased by Jason's sudden helpfulness. ALEX
40) 0) text: Alex follows Dina down a narrow service hall to the wine room. She talks without looking back at him. DINA
40) 1) text: -- enough of an investment in there -- ALEX
40) 4) text: A month alone with Frank. Alex chuckles as he starts to inspect the humidifier. ALEX
40) 6) text: The first one was bad enough. She's standing too close to him, but he has no room to maneuver away. He fiddles with the box. ALEX
40) 8) text: Nice suit. You always dress well, Alex. She brushes the lint off his jacket and leaves her hand there. ALEX (GENTLY)
40) 11) text: How can you tell? She moves up against him. Alex can't will himself to resist. His knee automatically separates her legs. He reaches out to close the door. 43
41) 0) text: Gabriella is-returning from the laundry room with an arm load of clean crib sheets. Knowing Alex and Dina are inside the wine room, she stops and knocks on the door. GABRIELLA
41) 2) text: A long moment later, the door opens. Dina and Alex are reassembled, but there's a tension and a breathlessness about them Gabriella recognizes. DINA
41) 3) text: -- Thank you, Gabriella. Dina spies some interaction between Gabriella and Alex, and her pretty face hardens. DINA
41) 9) text: Are you coming? (TO ALEX)
41) 10) text: Thanks, Alex. You'll walk yourself out? (CONTINUED)    
41) 13) text: See you in a month. Alex watches the two women move down the hall.
42) 0) text: Alex climbs the open stairs, heads down the cantilevered walkway, knocks at Victor's door. For an instant Alex doesn't recognize the uniformed repairman who opens it: Victor, disguised. VICTOR (TICKLED)
43) 1) text: I think I look younger, don't you? ALEX
43) 4) text: -- As long as I don't match my mug shots. A shadow of anxiety passes over Alex's face. (CONTINUED)    
43) 6) text: You want to change your mind? ALEX
43) 8) text: After you. As Alex walks toward the door, he catches sight of a free standing hospital respirator in the bedroom. He looks at Victor, who waits for him with an unchanging smile. They go out together. 46
44) 0) text: The Cadillac pulls up, Alex driving, Victor beside him. Mike is not in the guard booth, the gate is closed. 47
45) 0) text: They wait in the heat. ALEX
45) 1) text: -- Is your makeup melting? Offended, Victor reaches over to honk the horn. Alex stops him, opens the driver's door.
46) 0) text: Alex goes into the booth, finds the appointment board, checks off "Gates Wine -- Repair," and presses a button that opens the gate.
47) 0) text: Alex slides back behind the wheel. Victor is resting his head on the back of the seat. VICTOR
47) 1) text: Brilliant, Alex. We've violated the law before we even get started.    
48) 0) text: Down the side of the house, the dock. can be seen, empty. Alex rings the front bell. victor is carrying a tool kit. There's no answer. Alex rings it again. VICTOR
48) 1) text: Tell me we're at the wrong house. Alex raises a hand to wave, Victor turns. THEIR POV GOLF
48) 2) text: Mike, the guard, is rolling toward them on a security cart. He pulls over. RESUME SCENE ALEX (ALL CHARM)
48) 4) text: Don't flip the gate like that. ALEX
48) 6) text: They sailed out this morning. ALEX
48) 16) text: Dear God. A cop on the job. ALEX
50) 5) text: You looking for Alex? You missed him. ROBERT
53) 0) text: Alex and Mike watch victor checking out the humidifier, making a meal of the diagnosis. He notices the wire Alex sabotaged but doesn't remark on it. ALEX
54) 0) text: Victor's legs disappear up into the attic as he hauls himself off a step stool and up through the hatch in the ceiling. Mike and Alex watch him go. victor is heard COUGHING.
54) 4) text: Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. Mike starts down the stairs. Alex signals to Victor that he's going with him and follows Mike away. Victor waits until he hears the DOOR CLOSE before dropping down throug the hatch and heading for Frank's office. 57
55) 8) text: Is he the homeowner? ALEX (CHEERFULLY)
57) 0) text: The new guard follows Alex onto the landing. They hear a DOOR SHUT. The guard instinctively touches his gun. ALEX
58) 2) text: Nobody's supposed to be in the house unaccompanied. ALEX
58) 4) text: No. ALEX
58) 5) text: All right, then. The guard glances up at the hatch. In that moment victor winks at Alex; he scored.
60) 0) text: The KEY is heard in the LOCK, the door opens, Victor and Alex come in, giddy with success. Reverentially, Victor unpacks-the necklace and holds it up for them both to admire; the object of desire. VICTOR (BREATHING OUT)
60) 1) text: - Beautiful. Unusual cut. Look at the fire. Hold it up to the light. He hands the necklace to Alex, who lifts it up to look at it. Victor reaches into a drawer. In itHttheeree'ss a gun and a camera. He takes out the camera. necklace. The flash jerks Alex's picture of Alex with gaze from the ALEX
60) 3) text: I always take a photograph of the goods. To avoid any disagreement in the sale. The insurance photo is hopeless. You ask yourself how do they stay in business. Alex advances on him. ALEX
60) 5) text: Speaking of insurance. Alex is closing on him. His voice is low and menacing. ALEX
60) 6) text: Give me the film, Victor._ victor's hand glides into the drawer. Alex sensibly stops short. VICTOR
60) 7) text: ,(pleasantly) We'll tear it up together whet. we have the money. Honor among thieves is a myth, you know. victor's hand reappears, holding not a gun but an airline ticket, which he gives to Alex. ALEX
60) 9) text: I thought it over. I can't move it. I'm on parole. I'm known. You're not. So you'll fly to Newark, take a shuttle into the city, catch a cab, take a walk, find an address, I'll give you the name -- pas.de probleme, as they say in Bordeaux. He's being condescending.' ALEX
60) 11) text: Maybe I am. All right, I am. ALEX
60) 12) text: Fuck... He looks at the ticket. ALEX
62) 0) text: The store is closed. Robert has gone home. Alex opens the cash drawer and takes out all the money, fattens his wallet. He spies the message from Gabriella. He reads it, picks up the phone, punches in the number she wrote. ALEX
62) 1) text: ... May I speak with Gabriella? Puedo hablar con Gabriella? (making a face) No, yo no quiero dejar un mesajo, gracias. Voy a llamarla mas tarde. ...Si. Buenas tardes. He hangs up and speed-dials a number from the typed list on the wall. ALEX
62) 2) text: ... Hey, Ted -- it's Alex Gates. I need a couple of tickets to New York for tonight, first class. (his jaw tightens) Don't sweat the account, I'll pay CASH -- 66
67) 0) text: Alex talks into the visor speaker- ALEX
69) 0) text: Suzanne turns onto their street, pulls into the garage. She sees Alex's Cadillac already parked.
71) 0) text: Suzanne lets herself in. Alex didn't set the alarm. She sets the bag on the couch, next to his jacket. She's been a wife too long not to tidy up after him. She picks up the jacket to brush it and hang it correctly, and glimpse the airline tickets tucked in the inside pocket. Suzanne smiles, moved. The tickets to Rio. She takes a peek to see the dates. Her face changes. She drops the jacket in a heap on the floor. She hears ALEX MOVING around in the bedroom above and starts up the stairs, her rage climbing with every riser. She can hear him HUMMING.
72) 0) text: Alex zips his passport into an outside compartment where he can reach it. He has almost finished packing. As he reaches for his underwear, he startles. Suzanne is leaning against the door frame. SUZANNE (CONTROLLED)
72) 1) text: Where are you going? Alex recovers quickly. (CONTINUED)    
72) 4) text: Via New York? She holds up the tickets. ALEX
72) 6) text: You're amazing, you really are. Now how are you going to explain 'Miss Vasquez?' ALEX
72) 8) text: God, I could even believe you, if I wanted to. ALEX (HARDER)
72) 10) text: I put Terry's life insurance money into that store -- and you spend it on your goddamn girlfriends while my checks bounce. Alex whirls around at the bottom of the stairs. ALEX
72) 14) text: -- You're going to talk to me! ALEX
72) 16) text: With more of your fucking lies! I hate you! Wasting my (slapping at his arm with her free hand) -- life! ALEX
72) 17) text: Sssh, calm down -- She tries to slap him again, but he gets hold of her hand ALEX
72) 20) text: Go to hell! He smothers her into the cushion and twists her hand up and up. She grips his keys tighter. ALEX
73) 0) text: Suzanne spills everything out of Alex's suitcase and starts throwing in her own clothes, blood-spotting them i her haste. 77
75) 0) text: Suzanne drags two suitcases clattering down the stairs. ALEX
77) 0) text: Ready to kill, Jason is shocked to see the job apparently already done for him. He bends over Alex to see if he's dead, and is equally sorry and relieved to find out he isn't.
79) 0) text: Alex's unconscious body blocks the closet. door. Jason tries to open it anyway, but Alex is 'too heavy. Seizing hold of him, Jason drags him away from the door. The jewelry pouch spills out of Alex's pocket. Jason doesn't see it. The HORN BLARES, outside. Jason pulls his rod out of the closet. As he steps over Alex, he spots the pouch, the drawstring loose enough to let the necklace protrude. The HORN BLASTS again. Jason swoops up the pouch.
84) 0) text: The PHONE is RINGING. Alex still hasn't moved. 88
88) 0) text: Victor comes into the room with the wet towel and throws it at Alex, who is sitting now on the couch. Alex catch:s it, holds it to his bloody head. ALEX
88) 5) text: How long a drive is it? ALEX
88) 7) text: You're going to need stitches. Do you have a sewing kit? ALEX
103) 0) text: Alex, stitches in his head, pores over the map while Victor talks on the phone. He circles a new town on the Gulf, farther north. VICTOR
105) 1) text: I've called the whole network of fences from here to Tampa. ALEX
105) 4) text: Victor picks up a chair and smacks it down. ALEX
105) 6) text: This is not a water-view suite in Marbella! Did you notice? There's no fruit and champagne from the management. I don't see Swiss chocolate on the pillows. My masseuse is not at the door. And I am fucking dying, Alex! ALEX (SHOCKED)
105) 8) text: I don't intend to cough to death in a county clinic because you screwed up! ALEX (QUIETLY)
111) 0) text: Alex is smelling his brandy in a booth. He looks defeated. Victor swings onto a bar stool. He takes out a wallet photo of Suzanne and Jason and passes it across to the BARTENDER. VICTOR
111) 9) text: joins Alex in the booth. Victor raises his hand. Alex instinctively pulls his head back. VICTOR
111) 10) text: Don't move. He leans across the table and plucks the last stitch out of Alex's wound. Alex winces. VICTOR
111) 11) text: It's been irritating me all day. Did I hurt you? Threat implied. Alex stares him down.
111) 22) text: He wouldn't be on the Gulf. He hated the Gulf. Alex has moved up to the bar to listen behind him, unnoticed. He shakes his head at victor. HENRY
111) 24) text: That ain't cool in my book! In a swift, unexpected move, victor jams Henry back down on his bar stool. The bartender starts toward them. Alex slips out the door. The stool and Henry are toppling over. Victor catches them both, sets Henry upright. VICTOR (EVENLY)
112) 0) text: Alex is waiting for victor outside. (CONTINUED)    
112) 3) text: I never understand your optimism. ALEX
112) 6) text: I think you made a friend. Victor turns around, Alex keeps walking. HENRY
119) 0) text: Alex is sitting on the bed, dialing a number. He can see Victor shirtless in the bathroom. (His scars surprise us). Victor is trying with effort to suppress a cough. 126
120) 1) text: Hello? She's greedily grateful to hear Alex's voice. GABRIELLA
121) 0) text: Exhausted, Alex stretches out on the bed to talk to her. ALEX
123) 0) text: Alex holds the phone out to Victor. ALEX
123) 2) text: Oh, please. Why? ALEX
123) 4) text: Hello, dear. Alex snatches the phone back from him. ALEX
125) 0) text: Sitting up, Alex signals success to Victor and writes dow the number. ALEX
125) 1) text: Thanks, honey. I'll call-you tomorrow. G'd'night . He hangs up, excited. Victor has already started to pack. ALEX (TO VICTOR)
128) 0) text: Victor and Alex kid each other without rancor for the moment. ALEX -
128) 2) text: You have pimp's tastes, Alex. At least my car's inconspicuous. Alex starts to get out. Victor doesn't. ALEX
128) 4) text: A lot of these jewelers might know my face. It's risky. ALEX
128) 5) text: How about for me? Victor takes out the photo of Alex with the necklace and holds it up for him. VICTOR
128) 6) text: Nobody's seen this yet. ALEX
128) 7) text: You're sick. I'll do it. Alex throws open the door and barrels out of the car. Â¢ 135
129) 0) text: The jeweler who bought the diamond from Jason lays it on a velvet pad for Alex, who's posing as the insurance investigator. (CONTINUED)    
129) 2) text: (with a shrug) Said it was his mother's. ALEX
130) 0) text: Victor and Alex are having a beer near the wide-screen TV A game is on. ALEX
130) 2) text: You have interesting taste in women. Alex's gaze wanders to the game, but he can't get interested. 137
132) 0) text: Victor is driving, Alex reading the map. He circles a town name. Victor cranes to see it. 139
141) 0) text: Victor and Alex spot Suzanne's car idling at the intersection. Victor is eating an apple from the bag. ALEX
143) 2) text: Jason's white face is turned toward them in Suzanne's car ALEX
145) 0) text: Victor can't make the turn in time. ALEX TURN1 VICTOR
145) 1) text: Relax. She's not going anywhere. He brakes and calmly reverses in the rain. ALEX
148) 0) text: Victor swerves to the side of the road. Alex leaps out of the car and runs toward the wreck. Victor follows at a slower pace, opening his umbrella. He's still eating his apple. He sees a neighboring house light come on in response to the crash.
148) 2) text: We don't have much time. Through the window they can see Suzanne and Jason, both unconscious, limbs entangled, covered in glass. Suzanne is hemorrhaging from a gash in her side. Her leg twitches in spasm. Car headlights pass by on the road. ALEX
148) 6) text: Alex kicks out what remains of the back side window and slithers into the car. Victor calls in after him. VICTOR
149) 0) text: With the car upside-down, Alex has to reach under the sea to press the trunk release. 156
151) 0) text: His own breathing noisy and shallow, Alex brushes the glass away from Suzanne's face. ALEX
151) 2) text: Jase... Alex checks Jason for her, searching his limp body at the same time. ALEX
151) 3) text: I think he's okay, Suzanne. Just' tell me where it is. She can't answer. He opens the glove compartment and feels inside. He goes through her purse. ALEX
151) 7) text: Don't... ALEX (GENTLY)
152) 1) text: Alex, c'mon, get out of there. 159
153) 0) text: Alex roars at victor. ALEX
153) 2) text: Hear the sirens? Help's coming. Just tell me where it is and let me get out of your lives. She whispers something. He leans in close. ALEX
154) 0) text: Alex's feet pop out through the window. He's trying to shimmy himself backward out of the car, harder than going in, the principle of a lobster trap. (CONTINUED)    
154) 2) text: Victor grabs his ankles and pulls. Alex starts to reemerge. 161
155) 0) text: Parked down the road in a row of onlookers, Alex and Victor watch the fire department, working under portable lights, pry.Jason and Suzanne out of the car. ALEX
155) 2) text: As soon as they see her license they'll call you in Miami. Alex nods. He can't look away from the scene. FADE TO BLACK. 162
157) 0) text: Jason resurfaces. Alex is half-asleep in the chair, his bloody clothes changed. The newspaper droops from his fingers. Jason's voice cracks from disuse. JASON
157) 1) text: what are you... He swallows painfully. Alex smiles and gets up from the chair. He dreads what he has to tell him. ALEX
157) 6) text: Where's Mom? -- How's Mom? Alex sits down on the bed with him to break the news. ALEX (QUIETLY)
157) 7) text: I'm sorry, Jason... I'm so sorry. Jason stares at him. He hasn't absorbed the fact. ALEX
157) 10) text: -- You killed her, you fuckl Alex tries to hold him, eventually in a forced bear-hug. ALEX
157) 13) text: Let go of me! Alex holds him close. He collapses in Alex's arms. An ORDERLY hurries in, followed by a Nurse. ORDERLY
157) 16) text: Alex hesitates, then goes out. 164
158) 0) text: Alex is conferring quietly with a staff member behind the counter.
159) 0) text: Victor picks the lock. Alex doesn't follow him inside.
161) 0) text: Alex is sitting on the stairs, staring out at the Gulf. He gives no indication of having heard Victor.
163) 0) text: Alex walks down the corridor to Jason's room. He taps on the door. There's no answer. He pushes open the door. The room is empty, the bed stripped. Alex barrels out of the room to confront the tired young DOCTOR he sees walking down the hall. ALEX
163) 2) text: I released him this morning. ALEX
163) 4) text: It was only a concussion. He's fine. He said you were in the lobby. Nothing to be gained, Alex whirls around and strides away 171
167) 0) text: Jason appears, walking down the street. He looks into the garage. Seeing Alex's Cadillac, he smiles a tight smile. 175
169) 1) text: Wake up, Alex. I want to see your face. The sheets stir. Jason raises his knife to strike. But it isn't Alex in the bed, it's Gabriella. She lets out a strangled scream. He whips the sheet off her with his other hand. She's naked. GABRIELLA
173) 0) text: Alex carries his suitcase toward the condo. 181
174) 0) text: Alex puts his key in the lock, opens the door. ALEX
175) 0) text: Alex is too astonished to say a word. Jason and Gabriella are having lunch at the kitchen table. (CONTINUED)    
175) 2) text: Alex sets down his suitcase. ALEX
175) 4) text: You should've called home. Alex advances. ALEX
175) 8) text: Are you-hungry? Have you had lunch? Alex doesn't even hear her. ALEX
175) 9) text: Why didn't you wait for me? Jason eats without answering. ALEX
175) 11) text: She doesn't need it anymore, and I don't want it. Gabriella brings Alex a cup of coffee. GABRIELLA
175) 12) text: How about a sandwich? ALEX (SNAPPISHLY)
175) 17) text: 'Did you miss me, honey?, ALEX
175) 19) text: Nothing. He walks out of the condo. Alex and Gabriella are left alone together. She jumps in before he can say anything. GABRIELLA
175) 20) text: He just lost his mother, Alex. You can't expect him to act normal. He steps up beside her and moves her hair off her shoulders. ALEX (GENTLY)
176) 0) text: Alex comes into the room. She's sitting on the bed. GABRIELLA (SOFTLY)
176) 1) text: ... I feel like I made her die. Alex sits down beside her and takes her hand. GABRIELLA
176) 5) text: Oh. -I bit my lip. He takes her lip between his and nuzzles it. ALEX (TENDERLY)
176) 6) text: Where? Here?... Better? She tries to laugh and nods. He holds her close. ALEX (CONVERSATIONALLY)
177) 0) text: Jason is working out alone in the little gym when in the mirror he sees Alex come through the door. He keeps lifting. Alex sits down on the bench beside him. Jason ignores him. ALEX
177) 2) text: It's not yours. ALEX (HARDER)
177) 4) text: Did you know the thing's worth over a million dollars? What a fucking stupid way to spend money. ALEX
177) 7) text: The bar wobbles with Jason's laugh.. Alex moves behind an spots him, unnecessarily. ALEX
177) 9) text: I don't know where it is anymore. You killed the only person who did. ALEX
177) 10) text: It was an accident! What did I have to do with it? Jason wads up his towel and throws it at Alex. JASON
177) 11) text: There was a car following us! ALEX
177) 12) text: Did you see who was in it? Jason shakes his head no. ALEX
177) 14) text: Who are they? Alex fastidiously drops the towel in the hamper. ALEX
177) 15) text: Doesn't matter. Give the necklace back to me, and we'll split the handling commission. His ingratiating smile offends Jason. He doesn't trust Alex. He shakes his head. (CONTINUED)    
177) 17) text: She never told me where she kept it. Alex doesn't believe him either. His hand. rests on a dumbbell, and for a murderous instant he's about to pick it up and use it on Jason. He lifts his hand away. 185
178) 0) text: Victor is lying on his bed, the respirator beside him, while he talks on the phone to Alex. He looks dreadful. VICTOR
179) 0) text: Alex sits hunched over the desk, the phone in his hand, thinking.
181) 0) text: Gabriella has already gone to bed. The lights are off. Alex slides into bed beside her with a soft groan. He reaches for her comfort. (CONTINUED)    
181) 4) text: -- I'm already asleep, honey. ALEX (LIGHTLY)
181) 5) text: Wake up. She realizes he isn't going away. She rolls onto her back. Her arms go around him.- Alex kisses her, long and deep. GABRIELLA
181) 6) text: Can he hear us? Alex's tone turns. Jason is causing him another problem. ALEX
181) 8) text: He misses his mother. ALEX
181) 10) text: What? ALEX . I wish she was alive and happy and someplace else. Gabriella lies down again and makes herself comfortable against him. He tries again to interest her body. ALEX
181) 12) text: Where? ALEX
181) 16) text: No. Alex scoots down next to her, his hand takes possession o her ass. ALEX
181) 17) text: We'll stay at the Ritz, we'll eat our way through every three-star restaurant in town -- a new dress every night -- would you like that? Gabriella laughs in wonder and turns onto her side to fac him. They fit themselves together like an old married couple. ALEX
181) 19) text: -- Princess Stephanie. He gives a rueful laugh; she's younger than he easily remembers. ALEX
181) 22) text: Ohl Remember Dina's necklace? Alex's eyes go cold and watchful, although she doesn't notice. ALEX
181) 25) text: I'll wear something like that and then if you lose you can throw it on the table to cover your bet, like James Bond. ALEX
181) 26) text: James had an expense account. He rolls onto his back, she lays her cheek on his graying chest. He no longer wants to make love. ALEX
188) 0) text: Foot up on the lowest crossbar of the balcony railing, Alex leans on his crossed arms and watches her step into a cab. He's pleased. HIS POV
189) 10) text: Alex stole it. (CONTINUED)    
196) 0) text: The shutters have been closed, Alex is lying on the couch in the dark, having a nap. He's awakened by a nasty wheeze. Victor is standing over him. ALEX
196) 4) text: You heard the news. Victor pulls one of Alex's golf clubs out of the bag as though to admire it. VICTOR
196) 6) text: Your stash. Give it to me. Alex spreads out his hands. AALEX
196) 7) text: Vic, Vic -- The golf club catches him in the midsection. Alex cries out. The blow folds him forward onto his knees. VICTOR
196) 8) text: The. cops are about to drive up your street. He brings the club down on Alex's bare foot. ALEX
196) 11) text: Where is it? He clips Alex on the other leg as he tries to crawl away. The physical effort shortens Victor's breathing. His cough sprays blood. He tightens his grip on the club. ALEX "
196) 13) text: Victor raises the club over Alex's head, and brings it down on the coffee table instead. The glass-explodes. He has to push the words out through aâ¢coughing spasm. VICTOR
196) 14) text: I refuse to die in a fucking prison clinic! Alex staggers to his feet. Victor is struggling for breath. Alex jerks the golf club away from him and tosses it on the floor. (CONTINUED)    
196) 16) text: He puts his arm around victor's waist and helps him to th sofa. ALEX
196) 17) text: Come on, this is pitiful. Victor drops onto the sofa. He gags on the blood in his throat and desperately draws in air. ALEX
196) 18) text: What a mess. He picks up a sofa pillow to arrange it for him. Victor gives him a grateful smile. Alex presses the pillow down over his face before he can react. His feet flail. Alex has to lie on top of him to hold him down. A couple making out on the couch. The GUN THUMPS to the floor. Victor's movements slow, and stop. Alex takes no chances. He keeps the pillow jammed down until there's no possibility of trickery. Satisfied, he rolls Victor's dead body onto the floor, steps over it, and with steady hands he opens a bottle of very expensive wine. He pours a glass. ALEX (QUIETLY)
198) 0) text: The PHONE is RINGING. Alex sits in a chair in the dark. Then he crosses to the phone, picks it up and waits for the caller to speak. 208
199) 1) text: (into the phone) I'm with him. (CONTINUED)     208 208 CONTINUED: ALEX
199) 3) text: He has a boat, Alex! It's on the boat. The dumb shit wants to turn it over to the cops. You know what'll happen to me. Alex is taking his passport out of his desk. ALEX
204) 0) text: On watch, Henry finds his gaze sliding to the NOISY dockside BAR, its beer sign beacon-bright. The SOUNDS BELOW embarrass him. He makes up his mind. He swings off the boat and heads toward the bar. He doesn't notice Alex's Cadillac idling in the alley. The headlights click off, the motor goes silent. The BOATS CREAK against the slips.
205) 1) text: Alex's foot swinging. More of him comes INTO SIGHT as Jason climbs to deck. The financial pages open on his lap, he's drinking a Styrofoam cup of coffee and eating a donut; the rest of the bag of donuts is next to him. ALEX
205) 2) text: Good morning! I brought donuts. Jason is struck silent. He sits down on the side of the boat, his arms around his ribs. ALEX
205) 6) text: Alex shrugs. ALEX
205) 8) text: Which I didn't expect either. Jason moves to the helm, switches on the engine. Alex quickly finishes his donut. He brushes off his fingers. ALEX
205) 10) text: I'm going fishing. Get off if you want. ALEX
205) 12) text: Then make yourself useful and cast off the stern line. Alex moves to the stern while Jason casts off the bow line. ALEX
205) 14) text: There's not a lot of choice. Alex casts off. Jason backs the-boat into position. He sees Henry asleep in the doorway of the marine supplies store next to the shuttered bar. Alex rejoins him. ALEX
205) 15) text: -- If we could manage to ignore the personal history here, I think we could work something out between us. Jason turns the boat toward the open sea. ALEX
205) 22) text: -- Shut up! Just shut up! She sits on the bench, her face tight and angry. ALEX
205) 23) text: He's feeling like you let him down. .She gives Alex a look that silences him. He reaches for another donut. The SOUNDS of the ENGINE and the HULL hitting the waves substitute for conversation.
206) 2) text: Alex wants to make me an offer. She gives no sign of having heard him. ALEX
206) 7) text: (his biceps tightening) -- now. And the bait is taken at the moment he said. The line reels out very, very fast. He lets the fish run with it. Gabriella has turned around to watch. Now Jason reels in a little, making the line taut, testing the weight. He yanks back. The line rises from the ocean, bringing to the surface a big, dark green fish. _ ALEX
206) 10) text: Help him, Alex. ALEX
206) 11) text: I'd just get in his way. His hand comes to rest on her shoulder as Jason expertly reels in the bucking hammerhead. She shrugs away from his hand. Jason has hooked a ten-foot, three-finned sea beast with a spade-shaped head and black eyes on each side. He attaches the line to a winch and winds it up onto the deck. It twists wildly, knocking things over until it slows down and finally lies very still. His chest heaving with the effort, Jason looks around. Alex has disappeared without either of them noticing.
207) 0) text: Alex is searching frantically.
207) 5) text: You want it so bad, it's yours. He pulls out the necklace and hurls it away from Alex. ALEX (MOANING)
208) 0) text: skitters along the deck. The shark's body stops it from dropping out the open gate in the transom. ALEX
208) 3) text: Jason grabs her-and holds her with both arms to keep her from going any closer. Alex turns his head, puzzled, warned. Too late. The shark suddenly thrashes, its jaws snapping around him. Gabriella screams with Alex. He FIRES his GUN over and over until it's empty. The shark continues to tear at him. ALEX
208) 4) text: Help me, help.mel! Gabriella runs down into the cabin. Much as he hates Alex, Jason can't let him die. like this. He charges. forward and straddles the shark, jams the blade of his knife into the primordial brain. He twists the handle once. The shark dies instantly. Trembling with adrenalin, Jason gets off its back. With his elbows Alex drags himself out of the jaws. He's badly mangled.. The shark slowly changes color to a dull brown. ALEX
208) 8) text: Alex struggles to stay conscious. ALEX
208) 12) text: Well, I didn't. Alex manages to laugh. ALEX
208) 15) text: I'll get on the radio. Gabriella wraps the strips of sheet tightly around what's left of Alex to bandage. She smears away the tears so she can see and leaves blood tracked across her face. She looks down to see his bloody hand clutching the necklace. They look at each other. JASON
210) 0) text: At an unused pier Gabriella leans back against the line t hold the boat in place. Henry and Jason carry Alex off the boat and lay him on the planks. SIRENS can be faintly heard. Jason leaps back on the boat. Henry pushes them off. CLOSER ANGLE HENRY
210) 3) text: See ya. He and Jason wave goodbye. The boat moves out. Henry is left with Alex. ALEX
210) 5) text: No way -- ALEX
210) 8) text: Yeah. Good advice. And he walks away fast. ALEX
210) 9) text: Wait, don't go! Come back here. Come on back! Henry's gone. Alex rolls onto his belly and starts dragging himself down the dock, too much of an optimist t give up hope in a hopeless situation.