27) 11) dialog: We'll walk over there in a minute, but I met with the Judge this morning and I was able to work out a deal that I think is fair. FRANK BEAZELY(58) is a polished small town lawyer. FRANK BEAZELY (CONT’D) Judge Bazile is a friend, but he is not a fan of your particular situation. If you all plead guilty, the judge is willing to suspend any prison time. Mildred lets out an audible sigh of relief. Richard takes her hand and nods at Frank.
27) 13) dialog: Now in exchange for suspending the jail time, you and your wife, unless of course you choose to dissolve the marriage, will be forced to leave the state.
27) 15) dialog: It’s exactly what it sounds like. You will not be allowed to remain in the state together. Richard, you'll be allowed to return for work, and Mildred can visit, but the two of you are never allowed to be in the state at the same time and certainly aren’t allowed to be here together.
27) 17) dialog: Twenty five years. 56 57 30. Mildred is stunned. Richard’s jaw goes slack with disbeli
27) 19) dialog: Look, you got a year in state penitentiary, which I remind you could have been up to five years at the maximum, you got a year in prison on one hand or leavin’ the state on the other. That’s an easy choice. Mildred, a panic growing, looks to Richard, but his head down. He can’t look at her.
28) 0) text: Their dress shoes click across the main street. Frank leads Mildred and Richard from his office in downto Bowling Green over to the courthouse.
28) 1) dialog: Try not to talk unless he directly asks you a question, which he won't. Frank doesn’t turn to address them as they walk. Richard Mildred follow, but aren’t touching. FRANK BEAZELY (CONT’D) Just like we talked about, he’1l ask what you plead, you say guilty, and this'll be over quick enough. Richard tries to catch Mildred’s eye, but she’s keeping h head down. They reach the lawn that connects the courthouse to the j INT. JUDGE BAZILE’S COURT ROOM - DAY 57 It’s a picture perfect small town county courthouse. One large, open room with an upper and lower gallery. All polished wood and natural light from tall shuttered windo Richard and Mildred sit at one of two tables in front of judge's elevated bench. Frank Beazely sits next to them w his hands folded in front of him. 31. They listen to the COURT SECRETARY reading the charges al There is no jury, but a BAILIFF stands by a rear exit.
33) 3) dialog: We ask the court for leniency. I incorrectly told the Lovings it was okay to return home together for the birth of their child. It uh, it was my mistake. This foils the Judge’s response. He re-calibrates for a moment, pretending to study a paper in front of him. FRANK BEAZELY (CONT’D) Your Honor... Judge Bazile holds up a hand.
34) 0) text: Richard and Mildred stand beside Frank Beazely in front o the Courthouse doors. Richard holds his hand out to Frank.
34) 2) dialog: Don’t come back here again. You do and you go to prison. This doesn’t happen a second time. With that, Frank Beazely straightens his tie and relieves himself of their company. Mildred and Richard are left alone in front of the courthouse. The town goes about its business around them. Mildred straightens her coat.