0) 1) dialog: Dumb suck.
1) 0) text: CALEB COLTON is stretched out on the beat up, broke down Ford Pickup. Cowboy boots crossed on the transom. Hat dipped low over his face. He is a strapping young farmboy of 18. Long, dusty, shoulder length hair. An all-American, milkbread, midwestern farm kid. Bored off his ass. He yawns and swings off the back of the truck.
4) 1) text: Tacky bright orange day glo neon type of place. Couple other FARM KIDS in pickups and jeeps pulled in. Lounging around, smoking cigarettes, swigging beer. The Pickup cuts a curve into the parking space in a showe gravel. Caleb jumps out. Has a casual look around him. Like he wouldn't piss if his pants were on fire. He lights up a Marlboro. Deep heels it up to the window. Leans back on his elbows on the counter. The orange haired WAITRESS behind the window looks irrita at the farmboy.
4) 3) dialog: If I never see another burger again I'll be happy. The waitress shakes her head. The farmboy distractedly eyes the lanky, rangy kids lopin him. One with freckles on his face, LEVON, knocks Caleb's hat head. Caleb catches his hat and socks the boy in the arm.
4) 5) dialog: Your Mama. Y' oughta keep an eye on her, Levon.
4) 7) dialog: Wish I may, wish I might, wish I be hundred thousand miles from here tonight. Goddamn straight.
4) 9) dialog: Might just. The farmboy's gaze drifts across the street to the...
5) 0) text: Lit blue and white beneath bright fluorescent bulbs. A GIRL turns from the window. An ice cream cone in her hand. A tiny line of the frosty cream dripping down the side of mouth. Caleb stares at the girl. She runs a hand through thick, shiny brown hair, brushing back off her forehead. Exposing her face. Heart shaped. Impossibly pale skin in the fluorescent glow. Wide eyes, a depthless ice blue like a sunny, summer sky. A small mouth out of which a narrow red tongue swipes at melting cone in her hands. She looks to be in her late teens. A faded cowboy shirt fits snugly across her chest. A pair of Levis meet a dusty pair of black cowboy boots. Those blue eyes lift and light on Caleb's face.
6) 1) text: A shiver runs up Caleb's spine. A shiver that feels good. He claps Levon on the shoulder, nodding his head toward t at the Tasty Freeze.
6) 2) dialog: I'm in love.
6) 4) dialog: Keep dreaming. Caleb pushes away from the counter and walks across the s
7) 0) text: The fluorescent light catches the girl's eye and blazes a turns her back. Caleb pulls into position beside her. He hesitates, suddenly loosing his nerve. Then the swagger returns.
7) 1) dialog: Excuse me, but I'm a little lost. Could you tell me where the nearest Tasty Freeze is? I'm just dyin' for a cone. The girl looks around. Caleb's breath catches in his throat. Those ice blue eyes gazing up at him.
7) 3) dialog: It's hot out.
7) 5) dialog: Could I have a bite?
7) 7) dialog: I never seen you before. You're not from around here are you?
7) 9) dialog: Got a name?
7) 13) dialog: That's down in Texas, ain't it?
7) 15) dialog: Who you here with?
7) 17) dialog: Boyfriend?
8) 0) text: Caleb opens the door for Mae. Helps her up into her seat. Then climbs behind the wheel.
9) 1) dialog: My name's, Caleb.
9) 4) dialog: You got a boyfriend?
9) 6) dialog: What about other times?
9) 8) dialog: Well, I don't have a girlfriend.
9) 10) dialog: How long you planning to stay around here?
9) 12) dialog: But you're not leaving tonight.
9) 14) dialog: You th-
9) 17) dialog: Here?
9) 19) dialog: Sure. He pulls the vehicle to the side of the road. He turns to her. Her icy blue eyes radiating heat. His heart coming out of his chest.
9) 20) dialog: So...
10) 1) dialog: What did you want to show me?
10) 3) dialog: What about it?
10) 5) dialog: Noticed.
10) 7) dialog: I can't see.
10) 9) dialog: I'm listening.
10) 11) dialog: Don't hear nothin'.
10) 13) dialog: what?
10) 15) dialog: Hold your ears.
10) 17) dialog: Haven't met many girls like you.
10) 19) dialog: Maybe not. He has a loose, game grin on his face as he walks after t girl. She walks with an easy, lazy gait. Plucking a cat's tail from the field. Putting it between her teeth. A sweet smile beneath the pale moonlight. Mae casts a glance over her shoulder at the smitten boy b her.
10) 21) dialog: Stars.
10) 23) dialog: First one I laid eyes on.
10) 26) dialog: Yeah. She casts a glance up at the stars.
10) 28) dialog: Sounds like fun.
10) 30) dialog: I'd like to be there, too.
10) 32) dialog: How?
10) 34) dialog: Sure haven't met anyone like you before.
11) 0) text: Caleb leans back in his seat, raising his right arm to Ma shoulder. Extending his fingers, he ruffles her hair.
11) 1) dialog: In any hurry to get home? The truck drives on. Mae lifts thoses shimmering eyes to his face.
11) 3) dialog: ...You want to listen to the radio? 11 His fingers twirl a ribbon of her hair. He gives the knob a flick. The speakers vibrate. The Pickup speeds on into the night. The lonesome road stretching into the horizon. The RADIO playing.
13) 0) text: Mae turns to Caleb. The paleness of her skin almost luminescent.
13) 2) dialog: You'll see.
13) 4) dialog: You'll like this one.
13) 6) dialog: Not what.
13) 8) dialog: You'll see.
13) 10) dialog: I'm sure. 12
15) 0) text: Caleb steers past the house. Braking in a shower of dust in front of the pasture behin barn. He kills the engine.
15) 1) dialog: We're here.
15) 3) dialog: C'mon. He swings the door open.
16) 1) text: Caleb races around the truck, cracking open Mae's door. He extends his hand as she hops out.
16) 2) dialog: Close your eyes, take hold of my hand. You're going to meet my best friend. She tugs his hand.
16) 4) dialog: It's not a person. Close your eyes. She does. Letting herself be led out of the vehicle. He leads her blind back through a maze of fences out in t pasture. 13
17) 0) text: In its pen, DIESEL, a massive black quarterhorse pricks u ears. Turning wide, dark eyes on Caleb and Mae. Caleb gets behind Mae and puts his hand on her shoulder.
17) 1) dialog: Now I don't want you opening your eyes. He puts his other hand over her eyes. A big smile on his face as he edges her forward. Suddenly the horse backs so abruptly it almost trips. Eyes wild with fear. The two people just stand there. The farmboy pulls his hand away from the girl's eyes. He walks up to the pen.
17) 2) dialog: Diesel, what the hell is wrong with you? Mae opens her eyes.
17) 4) dialog: Why not?
17) 6) dialog: Come on boy. He gives the rope a tug. Diesel rears back, lifting his chest, front hooves pawing air.
17) 7) dialog: He's just acting up. He'll like you. Just watch. He vaults the fence. Diesel shies. Caleb tries to shush it. The horse shakes its head back and forth, scared out of i skin. 14 Bewildered, the farmboy lifts the rope over its head. The horse pivots on its back feet, tearing off. Caleb heads back toward Mae. Climbing back over the fence and standing beside her. Her watching him with uncannily even eyes. Smiling elusively to herself, she turns her back to him. Moving off with an easy gait past the other pens. Inside the fences, there is a SCURRYING of animals. A sudden RUSTLING in the nearby tundra of the prairie. Caleb scans the landscape, sets his eyes on Mae, then sha head and shrugs. Mae is sauntering away, her back to him, running her fing along the fence posts. The farmboy swings the lasso lariet style over his head. Letting the loop fall over the girl's shoulders. She looks over her shoulder at him. Her eyes cool. He smiles. Starts reeling her in. She backs. A smile slipping across her face.
17) 8) dialog: You're pretty strong. He gives the rope another tug. Moving her closer. The moon shines bright and high overhead.
17) 10) dialog: Show me. She pulls back. Pulling him to her. He gives a gentle tug. She comes within reach. Then twists back. A game of give and take. He comes forward. Gathering up the rope in his hands. Their eyes wedded. She is just in front of him now. He gives one last tug on the line. Drawing her in. His face drifting toward hers. Letting his lips brush over hers and stops. Her eyes close. His hands fold around her back. A cloud passes over the moon. 15 A shadow crosses their faces. Her soft, moist lips slide over his mouth. Nuzzling down the side of his neck. He lifts closed eyes to the sky. Her breath warm on his skin. His skin trembling with the touch. Her lips start to draw back. She jerks her head back, struggling with her instinct. Lifting her arms, yanking the rope off her shoulders.
17) 11) dialog: What's wrong? Mae hugs her arms. Her eyes holding his. Time standing still.
20) 1) text: Mae's ears perk at the rooster crow. Her icy blue eyes skate up to the sky. Her face focuses on Caleb's in alarm.
20) 3) dialog: What time you gotta be home?
20) 5) dialog: Dawn's a ways off. Mae spins on her heel. Heads off for the truck.
20) 7) dialog: Huh? He trots after her. Lays a hand on her shoulder. Stopping her movement. Turning her around. Her eyes blaze into his face.
20) 8) dialog: What's the rush, Mae?
21) 0) text: Caleb puts his hand on the keys in the ignition. Giving her a good, hard look.
21) 1) dialog: I don't know what's goin' on, Mae. She flits a peek out the window.
23) 0) text: Mae shoots a scared glance at Caleb.
23) 2) dialog: We're going. The farmboy TURNS over the ENGINE. Upset, he shoves the stick into gear. Swinging the truck around. Stepping on the gas, he takes them out of there.
23) 3) dialog: Hope I didn't forget my manners or nothin'.
23) 6) dialog: Yes, Ma'am. His brow furrows in confusion. He swings the steering wheel hand over hand. Driving out onto the road.
25) 0) text: Caleb keeps his hands on the wheel. Staring straight out the windshield. Hurt. Mae sits rigidly beside him. Perspiration like dew drops on her porcelain skin. Real fear in her eyes.
25) 2) dialog: I got her floored.
25) 4) dialog: Might even get there, you never know. 18
25) 6) dialog: What's got you so worried? Mae's eyes never leave the windshield. She answers him with silence.
25) 7) dialog: C'mon, what is it? Your old man gonna whip your butt or somethin'? I'll tell him the car broke down.
25) 9) dialog: Maybe I will... He puts his foot on the brake. A playful gleam in his eye.
27) 0) text: Caleb yanks the keys out the ignition. Sticks them down his shirt. Sits back and crosses his arms.
27) 1) dialog: ...But you have to kiss me first. Anxiety squirms her pretty face. She reaches over and tries to pull the keys from inside h shirt. Her hands all over his chest. He grabs her by the wrist. Tugs her to him. Grinning boyishly ear to ear.
27) 2) dialog: You got the idea. She struggles. He kisses her full on the lips. Mae shuts her eyes. Surrendering to something spasming inside her. 19 Her mouth moves to his neck. Her lips pull back. Her teeth fasten onto his neck. Caleb cries out. Tries to push her off. She holds him firm by the shoulders in an iron grip. Tears explode out of her eyes. She rips her blood moistened lips from his neck. Shearing herself away from him. Plunging out the door of the truck. Headfirst. Caleb remains in the seat. Rubbing his throat. Fingering the pinprick of a wound. Surprised and astonished, he jumps out of the parked vehi Chasing after the panic-stricken girl scrambling away.
28) 0) text: The girl is running as fast as her feet will carry her. Her eyes wide and wild. A dribble of blood dappling her white lips. The farmboy is racing after her. She moves with a speed that is leaving him rapidly in her The sky is becoming very bright indeed. Mae stops in her tracks and squints ahead. Up the road, fast approaching. A ballooning cloud of dust. A low to the ground funnel of dirt. Caleb watches as the girl runs toward it, flagging her ar A vehicle inside the little twister SLAMS on its BRAKES. Mae jumps inside the dirty haze. The dust cloud swerves in a SCREECHING TIRE arc on the ro speeding back up the road. The sun about to crack the edge of the world. A faint wreath of smoke in the air where the girl last st Caleb slows to a sprint. Then a walk. He stops and stands. Watching the dust disintigrate up the road. He scratches his head. Touches the strange wound on his throat. He regards the red wetness on his fingers.
28) 1) dialog: Some kiss. He shrugs and hikes back to his truck. Hops into the cab. 20
29) 0) text: Caleb turns the keys in the ignition. WHINNNEEEEE. WHINNNNNNNNEEEE. WHINNEEEEE. He checks out the gas gauge. Empty. He punches the dashboard.
29) 1) dialog: Shit. He jumps out of the truck.
30) 0) text: Caleb crosses the blacktop. Leaving the truck on the side of the road. Hiking into the dry fields. His house a small speck on the field far away. He heads toward it. The sun near up.
32) 0) text: The edge of the world turns white. Caleb clomps through the field. Squinting ahead to see the small shape of the farmhouse, The specks of two people standing out front. Home a half mile away. The boy trudges toward it. The world brightening around him. He hugs himself. The light making his skin sore. The sun crests the rim of the planet. Spreading an infinite wall of light across the big countr A wave of sharp sunlight splashing over the running boy. He lets out a cry of pain. 21
34) 0) text: Caleb squirms in agony. Staggering across the fields. Blisters and burn marks scorching on his skin. The sun roasting his flesh. Searing his face and hair. He runs drunkenly. His arms stretched out. His hands reaching for the two of his family members. And his house. Like a pastoral postcard of home a quarter of a mile away Smoke rises from his fingers. His skin stinging. His whole body burning up in the abruptly scarifying ligh day. He screams his lungs out. His arms covering his face. Sizzling.
36) 0) text: Tears stream down Caleb's cheeks. His smouldering, raw hands outstretched. Snatching, clenching for the too far figures of his fathe his sister. Fighting his way past the warring wall of the sun. His feet becoming harder and harder to move. Fighting a losing battle against the agonizing scorch of daylight. The SOUND of an AUTOMOTIVE ENGINE behind him. He looks desperately over his shoulder. A balloon of dirt. A pale, ghostly cream colored Winnegabo is bearing down o Almost upon him. He knows it is useless to resist. He surrenders, his eyes rolling up into their sockets. His legs giving out from under him. Knees buckling. The recreational vehicle lumbers by. It's side door swinging open. Three sets of hands clamping around Caleb's limp body as drops. Heaving the door shut. Speeding off.
37) 0) text: Loy and Sarach are thunderstruck. They see the Winnebago hang a sharp right in an explosion dirt. Greyhounding it for the strip of two-lane blacktop a quar a mile away. Caleb being stolen away within.
38) 0) text: The sun is a twisted green ball through the glass windshi It's deadly rays leaking inside. Caleb twists a groggy face upward, lifting his lids. To see the sharp bladed rowel of a shining silver spur st against his throat. It is connected to a boot. Attached to a steamshovel of a leg in black jeans. Part of the body of a stapping sinewy man with a mean, sk face and eyes like dead meat. SEVEREN VAN SICKLE.
38) 12) dialog: 
40) 0) text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almos horizontal positions. Ready themselves for sleep. Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van. He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direct Homer shoves up into the one beneath. Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket over his head. Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder. He gazes up into her eyes. Suddenly very tired. Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time. He fights to keep his eyes open. They shut. Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket. Sleep steals her too.
43) 0) text: Caleb's eyes blink open. He keeps them almost closed. Playing dead. He fingers his burn wounds. They are barely there. Nearly healed. The five silhouettes of the rest in the dashboard lights. Huddling. Low voices. He listens close.
43) 11) dialog: 
43) 15) dialog: 
51) 1) text: The Travelall pulls into the parking structure. Zooming through the cement catacombs. Swerving into a parking spot. Shutting its engine. All doors pop open. They all climb out. And stretch their legs. Jesse turns a grey eye on the farmboy. A faint grin wrinkles across that epic face. Caleb swallows. 31 Mae comes up beside him. Weaving her fingers through his hand. The farmboy watches as the others take off into the night Each heading in separate directions.
52) 0) text: Caleb and Mae walk along the empty, lonely street beneath yellowish glow of the mercury vapor light. City lights glisten up ahead.
52) 1) dialog: Where're we going?
52) 3) dialog: Where?
52) 5) dialog: Why?
52) 7) dialog: I don't feel too well.
52) 9) dialog: Look, Mae, you got to understand. I'm gettin' outa here. I'm going to the nearest bus station and takin' the next one back home. He takes a step toward the girl. Holding her by the shoulders.
52) 10) dialog: I know you tried to help me. But I got to get home. Touching a finger to her cheek. He turns his back. Taking off down the street. A knowing passes behind the girl's eye.
52) 12) dialog: We'll see.
52) 14) dialog: Be seeing you. Quietly.
53) 0) text: The depot in the middle of nowhere on the empty streets o small midwestern town. Caleb shambles along the sidewalk toward it. Pushing through the double glass doors. 33
54) 2) dialog: Um, excuse me... The man turns, not eyeing the worse for wear boy any diff than he would any of the other wierdos up and around at t time.
54) 3) dialog: ...I'd like to know if you got any buses going through Fix, Oklahoma round about now? The Ticketer just stares.
54) 5) dialog: Well, nearest city is Lawton. The man nods.
54) 7) dialog: I got 11 dollars. The Ticketer pulls the ticket back, bored.
54) 9) dialog: I gotta get home. Gimme a break man.
54) 11) dialog: How ‘bout it. The farmboy exhales as the salesperson goes back to watch portable television. 34 His shoulders slumped, Caleb walks past the rows of plast seats with the pay televisions on the armrests. Almost all empty. He spies a man in a rumpled suit sitting across the room. Looking at him laconically. The boy goes over.
54) 12) dialog: Scuse me, Sir... The man looks up.
54) 13) dialog: ...I'm trying to get home and I'm three dollars short for the ticket. I was wondering if you had-
54) 15) dialog: Thanks. The wallet is flipped open. A badge in it. The PLAINCLOTHES COP puts his hand on the farmboy's shoul The hand has a bandage. The bandage has blood on it. Fresh.
54) 17) dialog: What's the problem?
55) 3) dialog: I'm not feeling too good. 35
55) 5) dialog: You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
55) 8) dialog: I got cut... The sickness returning. The farmboy close to tears. The cop looks him in the eyes with some compassion.
55) 9) dialog: ...I only have 11 dollars and I need three more or I'm never gonna be able to get back home. The policeman thinks for a moment. Then takes out his wallet. Gives the boy three dollars.
57) 0) text: Caleb is curled up in the backseat. Buckled in pain. His face smeared with sweat. Clenching his stomach. His veins and arteries screaming out for sustenance. His eyes peer over the edge of the window sill. He sees the parking structure pass by. Jumping to his feet, he rushes down the aisle. Screeching to a sneakered halt behind the Bus Driver.
57) 1) dialog: Stop the bus! I gotta get off! The Bus Driver lifts his face to the sweat soaked farmboy
58) 1) text: The huge, lumbering vehicle grinds to a stop on the empty street. The doors heave open. Caleb climbs down the steps in a crouch. The Bus Driver shakes his head as the doors fold closed. In a cloud of exhaust, the vehicle lurches away. Caleb grabs onto the lamppost for support. He swings his dimming eyes around. Focusing on the parking structure in the near distance.
59) 0) text: Caleb staggers out of the stairwell. Stumbling toward the light green Travelall. Sitting on the bumper, in bare feet, is Mae. A soft smile crosses his face. Caleb stops in front of her. Losing his balance. Weakening.
59) 1) dialog: I'm dying.
59) 3) dialog: Wwha- -? The red liquid runs down her arm as she raises the wrist Caleb's mouth. Shutting out his voice. Fastening her skin to his face.
60) 0) text: Mae and Caleb running deep into the fields. Running like never before. Limbs flying effortlessly, galloping like the wind, almos airborne, covering miles in a matter of minutes. Caleb listening. A RUSH of BREEZES and WINDS whipping along the plains. The WALL of INSECTS in the AIR. The SCUTTLING of small animal FEET on the DIRT. The BRUSH of BUSHES swaying in the BREEZE. The CRY of COYOTES. Then again. COYOTES CRY. CRY. CRY. CRY. Caleb throws his head back. Cracks a grin. He lets out a YIPPING CRY himself. Mae's face widens in a smile. Throwing her head back. Letting out a trilling CRY. 40 The COYOTES yell back. Caleb and Mae see them in a pack, scampering across the l They run after them. CRYING out, loud as their lungs will allow. A far off TRAIN WHISTLE. The shadow of a big Freight Train on the horizon. The boy and girl's legs propelling them forward with fier speed. Like two steel springs. Their faces flushed with emotion as they catch up with th COYOTES on the run. The strong, tan canines regard their new escorts as a kin spirit. Flashing their dark eyes at them in scraggy acknowledgeme YIPPING at them. Caleb and Mae YIP back. Barreling across the badlands with the running Coyotes. The padding paws. The cowboy boots slapping the ground. Then suddenly catching up with the big Freight Train. The boy and girl running side by side with the double eng locomotive. The strange strength powering their limbs to stay abreast The lowered, brown maned wolfish heads at their heels. The Coyotes YIPPING. The train WHISTLE BLOWING. Caleb and Mae's faces bright and hot blooded.
71) 1) dialog: Operator, I'd like to reverse charges on a long distance call to Oklahoma, please...
72) 1) text: The night drops. A swelling moon in the rise of the middle of a blackening Caleb lifts a receiver to his ear and dials.
72) 2) dialog: That's (405) 826-7473. Could you make that to Loy Colton from his son, please, Ma'am?... He waits while he is connected. Waits. Waits. Waits. In vain. His face falls very far.
72) 3) dialog: Thanks, operator. He hangs up. Walks away with his head hung low.
73) 0) text: A long, two lane stretch of blacktop into infinity. Broken white lines beneath the black void of the starless Caleb storms along the roadside. The Texaco Truckstop receding behind him. His tortured, conflicting emotions tearing him apart at t seams. He shuts his eyes. 45 Puts his hands on his ears. Screams. His lungs out. Hastening as fast as he can along the empty night road. A pair of headlights brighten on him. A truck THUNDERS past. The AFTERBLOW sweeping his clothes. It's passing headlights revealing the figure of a girl hu after him. Mae rushes up the side of the road. Keeping pace with the anxiety-ridden boy. It is just the two of them way below the roof of the nigh
73) 2) dialog: I called, there was no one there. I just wanted to call and tell them I was alright. He almost laughs or cries.
73) 3) dialog: Am I alright? I don't know. I'm scared. Mae comes toward him.
73) 5) dialog: That's what scares me. She puts her hands softly on his shoulders.
73) 7) dialog: What are we gonna do?
73) 11) dialog: I don't want to kill.
73) 13) dialog: I ain't no killer.
75) 0) text: Caleb and Mae walking along the shoulder of the road.
75) 1) dialog: Instinct? His soft brown eyes searching hers. That clear ice blue cutting deep into him.
76) 3) dialog: That we got. 48 Severen cracks open the door of the Pickup.
78) 1) dialog: The night, Mae. I can't take my eyes off it.
78) 3) dialog: Iam. I can taste it. It's... It's making me shaky. 49
78) 5) dialog: --Kill.
82) 4) dialog: Great. Thanks.
82) 7) dialog: Sure.
82) 9) dialog: Some setup you got here. It's a real beauty. How do you fly it? The Cajun points to the various gears.
82) 11) dialog: I've driven a semi. The mind is working behind the farmboy's eyes. The girl keeps her eye on him. The Cajun Trucker puts his hand on one of the many shifts
82) 13) dialog: Thanks. 53 Taking a butt. The Cajun Trucker lights it. Mae smiles, Caleb seems to unwind a bit.
82) 14) dialog: The rest?
82) 16) dialog: Wow. Caleb shuts his eyes. Gathers his courage. Speaks.
82) 17) dialog: Can you show me how to brake and stop the truck? The stocky man behind the wheel grins enthusiastically. Starting to downshift.
82) 20) dialog: or? The truck decelerates onto the road shoulder.
84) 1) text: The Cajun turns his face to Caleb.
85) 1) text: Caleb jumps down to ground level. Stumbles to his knees in the gravel. Heaving his guts with the gently bobbing oil pumps behind out in the fields. The Cajun Trucker leaps down and comes up behind the boy.
86) 0) text: An oil pump dips and rises. Mae stands before it. A gentle WIND ruffling her dress. Caleb is kneeling at her feet. His lips fastened on her wrist. Sucking. 55 Drinking. Sucking. Drinking. The fury almost rocking his body. A rabid fierceness with which he feeds. Mae gently strokes his head. Then nudges him away. He is locked tight. Draining her. Hearts pounding. She pushes with all her might. Rips his lips free. Her glistening eyes on his hungry face.
90) 1) text: Caleb's head pushed closer and closer to the spark spitti wheels. Gritting his teeth, his eyes bulging up into Severen's fa The Savage One's hand in a vice grip around the farmboy's forcing him halfway out of the open box car. Sparks hitting Caleb's face. 57 He struggles beneath the remorseless grip. His strength no match for Severen's. In a ragged snarl Severen heaves the boy back up by the n
91) 1) text: The Savage One throws the farmboy up against the wall, pi him with that same vice grip around the throat. Caleb sucks wind. Looking around him at the semi circle of darkening faces. To the icy blue eyes behind them. To Mae. His eyes plead. Hers tremor. She makes a move. Jesse revolves his silver head and gives her a look. Not a nice look. She freezes. Caleb stops breathing. The Silvered One moves forward.
94) 0) text: As soon as the six of them walk in, the place stops. A BIKER at the jukebox keeps his quarter. A fat, low to the ground TRUCKER at the bar turns a flatt face over thick shoulders to regard the fresh arrivals wi dull look. A COWBOY TEENAGER lifts his pool cue. The WAITRESS picks some empty glasses off the table in th booth. The BARTENDER CLICKS his teeth. A quiet comes over the joint. Severen winks and elbows Caleb in the ribs. Speaking in a voice loud enough for everybody to hear.
94) 15) dialog: Did I do that? The Waitress is at the booth. Setting a glass down in front of Jesse. Three beers on the tray in her arm. A beer in her fingers as she looks at the man on the pool The Silvered One whistles for her attention.
94) 26) dialog: Oh shit. He's still standing. He's still alive. Utterly unhurt. Severen walks over. The Bartender is scared spitless, frantically trying to r The Savage One claps his hand on the boy's shoulder. Caleb's mouth tries to form words.
95) 0) text: The Cowboy Teenager running hell for leather. Caleb on his heels. The big, squat barn of a Roadhouse going up in flames. Five silhouettes emerge from the smoking structure. Moving to the black Dodge Camper in the parking lot. Severen hot wiring the vehicle with that smooth, practice efficiency. The others jumping in. The Camper quickly accelerating to the road.
96) 0) text: Caleb's strong limbs flying over the blacktop. The Cowboy stares over his shoulder in terrific fear, cho for breath. Caleb gaining on him. The Camper and the others way way behind. The farmboy reaching out with his hand. Clamping down on the Cowboy Teenager's shoulder. Spinning him about with superlative strength. 67 Baring his teeth. Face to face with one his own age. He sees himself how he once was. Caleb freezes. He can't do it. Suddenly headlights from behind. The Dodge Camper bearing down. The Cowboy Teenager looks up. Through the glass to Jesse's grim face. He looks like he wants to cry. Then another pair of lights. This time from the other direction. A small SEMI with a flatbed wheels around the bend in the In a burst of speed, the Cowboy Teenager breaks for it. The Camper almost on Caleb's heels. Braking in a SQUEAL of smoking tires. As the Teenager leaps onto the flatbed barrelling by. Caleb runs fast as he can after the receding Truck. The Dodge Camper starting to make a U-turn. Suddenly blocked by an oncoming rush of Cars. Caleb's feet slap the dirt on the side of the road as the picks up speed and leaves him in its dust. Caleb pulls up. Looking from the disappearing Semi to the Dodge Camper st on the other side of the road. Then back to the Semi. Watching the red taillights of the Truck swallowed up by night. Traffic passing him. Then the Camper is abruptly at his side. A door cracks open. Long arms snatch him off the road.
97) 0) text: Jesse squints into the faint light beginning to pale the the world. Vicious hands tug Caleb inside. Black looks. The Silvered One twists the Camper around and punches the
103) 1) text: Blackness. Curtains pulled tight. A deathly quiet. Six slumbering bodies. Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair. Mae curled up in his arms. Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed. Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall. Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in bathtub. A pillow over his face. A hard KNOCK on the front door. Homer throws the pillow from his face. Opens a sleepy lid. A VOICE from behind the door.
103) 4) text: You are surrounded! All eyes travel to Caleb. Caleb gets up. Worry in his eyes. Severen walks to the window, lifts a finger to the curtai pulls it back a crack. A single ray of sunlight explodes across his face like a spear. He jumps back. Screaming. Skin smoking. Hands pawing at his face.
107) 1) text: A RIFLEBLAST rips two holes in the walls by Jesse's head reloads. Pinpricks of light blaze across the room. The Silvered One dives out of the way. A mirror on the wall fractures the light. Homer gets hit on the hand by a deflected ray. Skin bursts into flames. He yelps, running out of the way. Homer lifts his .38 to the window and starts pumping off Jesse shoots out the mirror to splintered glass smitheree Bullet holes swiss cheese the walls and roof. EXPLOSIONS of GUNFIRE rip through the wallpaper. Needles and lances of bright sunlight cats cradle the roo 74 The day comes through the holes and punctures in a maze o funnels. The six inside desperately keep up their volleys of gunfi They dodge, dive, duck and avoid the laser beams of light continue to cordon off the areas of the room they can mov fight back in. Caleb's gun isn't loaded and while he is popping in shell stray round from outside hits the box and scatters the cartridges. He glances over, while he frantically retrieves the bulle see Mae emptying her cute little .22 out the window along Homer. BULLETS RICHOCHET around the room with a piercing WHINE. The farmboy looks up and sees the rear window. The Camper is parked outside it. He thinks fast.
109) 1) text: A momentary lull, the frantic reloading of guns. Caleb looks up into Jesse's sombre face.
109) 2) dialog: I'm gonna go out there to get the Camper. Severen almost laughs.
109) 6) dialog: It's the best chance we got. Jesse barely blinks.
110) 1) text: Caleb lands in a heap in the dirt. The sun attacks him beneath the bedspread. A single Policeman staking out the back starts SHOOTING a figure under the blanket. Caleb jumps to his feet and dodges bullets as he hurries Camper with the blanket flowing behind him like a cape. His hands holding the cover beginning to burn as the wick hits them. He starts to scream. The Camper only a few feet ahead. He claws forward. The Policeman takes careful aim. A bullet glances Caleb in the chest. 76 He keeps moving. Reaching the vehicle as the skin of his hands starts to s Ripping the door open and bursting inside.
111) 0) text: Caleb kneels down behind the dashboard to shield himself the direct sunlight. He grips the steering wheel and slams the keys into the ignition. The engine FIRES up. He smashes his foot into the gas pedal. The sun blazes through the darkened windshield. He moans as the subdued light hits his face. Blackening the skin on his forehead. He ducks below the dash. Steering the vehicle straight ahead for the wall of the b riddled bungalow.
112) 1) text: A tidal wave of deadly white light as the Camper breaks t the wall. Wood and glass raining down. The others wrap themselves in blankets they scrounge off as the light spreads through the room. The black Camper, covered with wallpaper and plaster, sit the middle of the floor. Caleb throws open the doors. Everyone is yelling loudly as they tear towards the vehic Slinging their guns in the back compartments, they all he other in.
113) 0) text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her wit body. Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back compartment. Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back fo open rear window. Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his s body. BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as assault continues from outside. One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
116) 0) text: Caleb is pummelled by the daylight piercing through the t glass windows. Blackening his skin in burned splotches. His hands fixed on the steering wheel, smoking. His foot hard on the gas pedal. Squinting over the dashboard, ducking down against the as of the sunshine. A SHOTGUN BLAST blows a spiderweb out of the windshield. The five figures are huddling down under the blankets pul over them. The boy struggles to keep the Camper on the road. Another SHOTGUN BLAST splinters the side mirror. Several loose pellets puncture the tinted glass. Needlelike lances of light pricking Caleb's skin.
116) 1) dialog: Somebody do something!
120) 0) text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of bucks taps him on the shoulder. He loses control of the wheel for a second. The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him. He regains command of the Camper. Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt. 79 Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the excruciating sunlight. The wound in his shoulder already healing up. The boy holding up as well as he can. Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae, Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the fly bullets and piercing sunshine spears. Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield
122) 0) text: Severen throws a glance to Caleb in the front seat. Shouting at the top of his lungs over the ROAR of the ENG and the WHINE of the BULLETS.
122) 5) dialog: 
128) 0) text: The door opens tentatively. Caleb climbs out of the bullet-riddled vehicle onto solid ground. A little unsteady on his feet. Looking every bit the wounded warrior who has returned in piece. His skin charred and seared. Injuries that will heal. He lets out a sigh and blinks his eyes. A sort of smile as he sees Jesse, Mae, Diamondback and li Homer step out of the rear door and onto the road. They all regard one another with relief. Mae runs to Caleb and they embrace. Jesse claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
129) 0) text: A scorched, worse for wear Severen leans against the side car. His hair cindered. His smile a white sickle in his blackened, charred featur His eyes wickedly bright. He lights up a cigarette. He makes eye contact with the farmboy. The farmboy starts to smile. Breathing again. The Savage One strides on back to the others standing bes Camper. Caleb glances up at the black roof of night. Drowning in that depthless space. Taking some steps off the road into the fields. 82
132) 0) text: Parked at the side of the lonesome road. Five shadowy silhouettes milling around the front of the vehicle. All is quiet at the back. Where a pair of hands reach up to the metal container of gasoline attached to the back. They pry it off noiselessly. Silent feet pad around to the front. Trembling fingers unscrew the cap. Suddenly dousing the five figures with the amber liquid. GASPS all around. The Cowboy Teenager backs quickly and strikes a match. The Savage One swipes at his wet jacket. Jesse whirls a deadly eye on the kid. Diamondback stares at the match, lips quivering. Homer gulps. WWWFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTT. The match is blown out. The Cowboy spins. But Caleb already has him by the throat with a set of cla fingers. Caleb locks his teeth on the Cowboy Teenager's neck. The kid's feet kick and thrash in the air. Then they stop kicking. Quit thrashing. Hanging limp. Caleb heaves the drained body of the boy into the bushes. Returns to the others. They pile into the Camper. And go.
138) 1) text: Jesse closes the door behind him. Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms. Homer plops down on the bed. Caleb and Mae sink into a couch. Relief and quiet fall over them. The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him. In a good way. That isn't good at all. Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
138) 5) dialog: Thanks. Homer smiles up at Caleb with those ageless eyes in his l boy face. Jesse looks down at the farmboy, his silver hair gleaming yellow lamplight.
138) 7) dialog: Jesse, there's a question I been meaning to ask you.
138) 9) dialog: How old are ya? The Silvered One stares off, remembering.
138) 11) dialog: South?
139) 0) text: The silver spur CLICKS softly as Caleb walks beside Mae a the narrow walkway of the Motel. They veer off the parking lot and head out into the green pasture behind the building.
140) 1) text: A burst of stars. One falls. Mae takes hold of Caleb's hand.
140) 3) dialog: What does that make me?
140) 5) dialog: But it's good, right. Pause. A half smile.
144) 0) text: Heat lightning in a sky like some enchanted landscape. Caleb and Mae very small beneath as they walk hand and ha
144) 1) dialog: The day... you miss it?
144) 3) dialog: I can see better at night. They stop. Embrace.
145) 13) dialog: Sarah. The little girl's lip quivers.
145) 15) dialog: Guess you oughta.
145) 17) dialog: She's my sister, people. Activity outside the door.
145) 19) dialog: Hello.
145) 21) dialog: Tried callin' you.
145) 23) dialog: Dad.
145) 28) dialog: I'm with them now. The farmboy shoots a knifeblade glance to the others stan around with a certain redress in their eyes.
145) 29) dialog: Let them go. He returns his gaze to his father and sister.
145) 30) dialog: Go.
145) 32) dialog: No. But you're going'. The farmboy feels tension in the air like a trip wire on bomb. He takes his father carefully by the hand. Moving him slowly, step by step toward the door. Severen is standing in front of it with his arms crossed. Caleb looks him in the eye. The Savage One looks him back. The farmboy puts his hand on the doorknob. Turns it.
145) 35) dialog: Gonna have to give her back, now.
145) 37) dialog: Can't do that. Not to her. Homer begins to nuzzle her neck. The Little One looks up at the farmboy with dead calm in eyes. A smile widens slowly along his mouth.
145) 39) dialog: Homer, you give her back or I'm going to hurt your body. Severen subdues Caleb in an armlock. As confining as a steel vest.
145) 41) dialog: 
145) 49) dialog: Put that away, Dad. Won't do any good.
145) 53) dialog: 
145) 56) dialog: 
146) 1) text: Loy and Sarah hustle Caleb's blanketed body to the Chevy Pulling open the darkened rear compartment. The farmboy clambers in amongst all the veterinary equipm
146) 2) dialog: Go, Dad! Loy and Sarah jump into the Pickup and tear off outa ther
147) 2) dialog: Dad?
150) 1) text: Caleb rests his head against the metal wall below the win slot. Sweating is not the word. 97
150) 2) dialog: Dad... I tried calling you, Dad. You weren't home... Dad... Sarah... You got no idea, either of you. You're not going to believe it. I ain't sure I believe it myself. I ain't the same person I was. I ain't even a person... I'm sick. Loy looks through the window.
150) 4) dialog: You do I'm dead.
150) 6) dialog: I got bit... Now I gotta bite.
150) 8) dialog: You want me killed, Dad?! I ain't goin' no Goddamn hospital.
150) 10) dialog: Hospitals fix this? The farmboy sticks his hand up in front of the window by father's face. A thin clear shaft of sunlight across the skin. Skin beginning to smoke. Loy recoils in shock. Caleb pulls his hand down and nurses it. They drive on in silence. 98 The farmboy's eyes fall on the rubber tubing, glass beake shelves of medicines, instruments, and other medical equi stored in the compartment. He fiddles with the apparatus. His mind working.
150) 11) dialog: Dad, you ever transfuse a person?
153) 1) text: The windows are curtained and shuttered. Caleb is stretched out on the operating table, his skin abnormally pale and translucent under the lights. Loy standing by him in his shirtsleeves. Metal stands by the operating table with bottles attached them. Long, perilous needles on rubber tubes fitted to the bott The father lifts a hypodermic syringe and fills it with a tranquilizer. Loy looks real worried as he poises the hypo.
153) 3) dialog: I wouldn't want to stay like this. Loy takes a deep breath. He uses the hypo. Caleb is knocked out. The father takes a seat pulling a metal stand to his side Pumps up the veins on his right arm. And inserts the needle. Draining the blood into a bottle. His eyes begin to dim. 99 Just before he loses consciousness he stops. Looking down at the bottle of blood on the floor. Loy lowers his head to his hands. Trying to get the blood back into it. The room beginning to spin. He breathes deep. And gets to work.
155) 1) text: Caleb lies motionless. His right arm injected with a needle and tube which is ru his blood out into a bottle on the floor. Bad blood. His left arm also injected with a needle and tube being f a bottle of his father's blood hung on a stand. Loy feels for his son's pulse. His own body in a state of complete collapse. There is a dull beating. It is enough to blur Loy's eyes with tears. The bottle drains. He gently removes the needles from his son's arms. He slaps the side of Caleb's face. No reaction. He shakes the boy's shoulders. Nothing. He hangs his head in a moment of exasperation.
157) 1) text: Loy is stroking his boy's head with a wet cloth. His own body severely weakened from loss of blood. He slumps in a chair. Trying to fight the urge to sleep. Sheer will keeping him awake. He stares down at his boy. And prays. He tries one last time to wake his son. 100 Lifting him on his chest. Caleb's head lolls to one side. Loy starts to weep. His hands trembling. The kitchen door cracks open. Two small eyes peer up. Loy snaps his eyes to the door. Sarah starts to cry.
158) 0) text: Dawn's early light. The ROOSTER'S CROW carries across the lands like a bugle The farm awakening. Skies clearing. The screen door of the house CREAKS open. Caleb walks out into the wide open world. Unsure at first. Squinting into the sunshine. The very real daylight hitting his face. Like he's never seen it before. It's becoming more familiar by the moment. The smell of grass and straw in the air. The bright blue sky. He embraces it all with his eyes. The world that he grew up in returning to give him streng That strength washing over him. The world so simple and clean. And his, again. He takes off his shirt as if meeting the daylight head on He winds his arm around his little sister. She regards the unsinged, healing skin on his bare chest arms. She worriedly runs her small fingers on the barely discer white marks of the healed shotgun wound scar tissue. The farmboy looks down and sees the apprehension on the g face.
158) 1) dialog: I'm okay, Sarah. I'll tell you what happened one day. Just promise me you won't ask till then.
158) 3) dialog: Let's go ride a horse. He throws her atop his shoulders. She giggles and kicks up her feet. He smiles in the bathing sunshine. 102
159) 0) text: The sun is low. The horse gnawing at the grass in the wide, open field. Caleb and Sarah lie in one another's arms, fast asleep on ground. Unaware of the time. The farmboy's eyes drowsily open. Focusing blurrily on the ghost of a moon visible in the b sky. Suddenly he sits up with a start. A shiver running through him as he sees the sun is well o way down. Day has become his friend now. Night worse than his worst enemy. Bringing more than mere darkness with it. Night still a few hours off. But the horizon is darkening. Caleb squints in the distance. There seems to be some sort of shadow on the horizonline. The farmboy blinks and it is gone. He picks up his little sister. Frightened, he wakes her up and places her on the back of horse.
159) 2) dialog: It's getting dark, we gotta get home.
159) 4) dialog: We just do. Caleb quickly heaves onto the horse. Digging his heels into its flanks. He and Sarah riding like wind toward the farm way, way, a The roof of the world losing its light.
161) 0) text: Loy is standing by the stove. Dinner cooking. The smells seeming to rejuvinate him, although his appear remains weakened and worn down. The screen door SLAMS. Caleb and Sarah enter the room. Loy smiles at the boy.
161) 3) dialog: Cooling off some, huh? Almost feel the fall comin' on. A tension moves between father and son.
161) 5) dialog: Nights are getting longer... He looks past Loy back to the window and the coming darkn A shiver runs through him.
163) 1) text: They all eat in silence. An exchange of looks. Caleb eating very slowly. Sarah draining a glass of milk with a straw. Then blowing bubbles. Loy and Caleb look over. She smiles up at them mischievously. A breeze blows through the kitchen window. The curtains flutter. Sarah yawns.
163) 5) dialog: I'll be up in a minute. The little girl's face brightens. She dumps her dish in the sink with a loud CLATTER.
163) 7) dialog: Oughta oil that swing. 105
163) 9) dialog: Could use the air. Loy nods. Shrugs. Drains his glass of milk. As Caleb walks out of the room.
164) 0) text: Caleb cracks open the front door. A slash of yellow light pours onto the wooden boards of t porch. He swings open the screen door. The swing rocking back and forth on the rafters. The girl sitting on it. Waiting for him. Mae's eyes like a clear, sunny summer sky. The farmboy stands there. Listening to his heart beat. His face opens in a smile. Her voice like a bell.
164) 4) dialog: I belong here... I miss you... Mae's eyes are ice.
164) 6) dialog: 
165) 1) text: Loy is nursing a cup of coffee on the couch and reading t paper. A radio plays softly on the counter. He lifts his head to his son with a gentle smile. Sees the anguish in Caleb's eyes.
165) 3) dialog: How you feelin', Dad?
165) 5) dialog: I'm going to bed. Loy starts to ask. Then lets it go. Caleb heads for the stairs.
165) 7) dialog: It's good to be home. The father smiles firm.
166) 0) text: Caleb pauses in front of Sarah's door and gives a small k
166) 1) dialog: Sarah, you ready for bed? 108 No answer.
166) 2) dialog: Sarah? Silence. Caleb tightens. Slamming his palm flat against the door and shoving it op A cool breeze hits him in the face like a fist. The window wide open. Curtains blowing wildly. In the empty room.
166) 3) dialog: 
167) 1) text: Caleb runs from the Ford Pickup to the Chevy. All tires have been slashed. The farmboy punches the side of the vehicle. Taking off for the animal pens as fast as his feet will c him.
168) 1) text: Caleb flings the saddle atop Diesel. Quickly buckling up the cinch. Putting the bridle over the horse's head. Grabbing a fistful of reins and hurling himself onto the animal's back. As if sensing the urgency, Diesel takes off like a shot i night. 109
170) 0) text: Caleb gallops on the soft shoulder running beside the two blacktop. The darkened town of Fix lying in wait in the distance. Diesel's hooves pound the dirt. A gigantic full moon spotlights the town of Fix. In a dead black swirl of sky. The stars have been blown out. The luminescence glints off Caleb's iron eyes as he THUND down the road on the back of his steed.
171) 0) text: A lone figure of the boy on horseback slows to a trot. Going past the sign of the town line. Caleb gives a flick on the reins. The horse walks down the street. Past the closed down burger joint. Diesel's shadow passes across the silent and still Tasty Trotting on. Caleb alert and aware, riding loose limbed, coiled for ac Eyes moving left and right. Seeing nothing. The hooves on the asphalt. The animal snorting. Silence so strong you could read by it. The whole little town deathly deserted. Like the boy is the last person in the world. Gathering the reins as he passes the Mini-Market and the Sheriff's station. All closed. Caleb thinks he hears something. The horse shies. A blur of action. The animal rears. Severen Van Sickle connects a steamshovel roundhouse punc the side of the animal's head. The horse is knocked cold. It collapses in a heap. Hurling the farmboy head over heels onto the hard blackto The Savage One hikes across the asphalt. A single SPUR JINGLING. Wearing a big old grin. Caleb is now human and the fall hurt. It takes him a while to get to his hands and knees. 110 When he looks up, there's Severen standing over him. Holding out his hand real friendly like.
171) 2) dialog: Where's my little sister, Severen?
172) 1) text: Caleb throws open the door and climbs anxiously in. He is sitting beside a big, built for diesel REDNECK TRUC Giving the boy one heck of a serious look.
172) 3) dialog: Get going before we get killed! Believe me!
172) 5) dialog: Sorry 'bout this. The farmboy hits the redneck trucker in the face. Knocking him cold. He throws open the driver's door and pushes him out of th Edging over behind the wheel. Wide eyed at the mind-boggling array of gears and control
172) 6) dialog: I'm not going to be able to drive this truck... Caleb looks out the windshield. Severen is approaching the front end of the truck. Bright as a beacon in the headlight beams. His expression calm and incredibly cold. Like if he gets his hands on the truck he'll turn it upsi down. Caleb does a fast study of the truck's control panel.
172) 7) dialog: I'm going to be able to drive this truck. He puts one hand on the steering wheel. Throws the shift. He steps on the gas. The ENGINE SURGES. The truck lurches forward. Lunging like a fifteen foot high, eighteen-wheeler behemo
174) 1) text: Caleb grits his teeth. Taking his foot off the gas. 112 Scared spitless behind the gigantic machine he is trying restrain like breaking a wild mustang. It tools treacherously and powerfully down the darkened r through town. His eyes level through the windshield at the hood of the The ENGINE RAGING in the night. Severen's head abruptly sticks up over the hood. Half of his face raked with tire tread marks. One of his steel sinewed hands comes smashing onto the ho such force his fingers put holes in it. Caleb gasps. Trying to maintain his control on the steering wheel. Severen singlehandedly rips the hood off. Exposing the titanic 12 cylinder motor. The Savage One begins to shear off pieces of the engine. Showers of sparks. Spewing gas. Electrical shorts. Severen puts his fist through the motorworks. Ripping out a handful of gears and cylinders amid geysers spraying the windshield. The ENGINE HOWLS and SHRIEKS. The Eighteen Wheeler is giving up the ghost. Caleb sees the truck is about to stall. Severen is halfway onto the hood and is attempting to bus fist through the windshield. The farmboy knows he is about out of time. His hand goes to the twin brakes for the cab and trailer. His eyes harden. His other hand opens the driver's door.
174) 2) dialog: ...Jackknife. Colton throws the brake for the cab. SCREAM of STEEL on STEEL. The cab jarring. Caleb leaps out the door.
175) 1) text: The farmboy goes jumping out onto the roadbed. Rolling head over heels a few times. Then he looks up. And sees it. Severen clinging to the cab as it skids to a complete sto The trailer it is carrying continues to travel at 40 MPH. Colliding with the cab. Crumpling it like an accordian. The air TORN with the EAR-SPLITTING COLLISION. The truck crushes like a tin can. EXPLODES into a million pieces. 113 Spreading the remains of Severen Van Sickle across half t state. Caleb rises to his feet. The rowel of the Savage One's silver spur flips in the ai over end, dropping down on the tarmac, spinning on the gr like a nickel. Caleb flips it like a coin and sticks it in his back pock His awed face framed with flames.
176) 0) text: The fires burn down. Smoke fanned and thinned by passing WINDS. Caleb raises his head. Looks out beyond the smouldering wreckage. Through the smoke. Down the darkened street, silhouetted by a pair of headli an idling station wagon, stand Jesse, Diamondback, and Ma They are standing side by side and facing the straw haire farmboy. Caleb takes a deep breath, closing his fists at his sides Jesse's eyes blacken as they land on Caleb's face. A rage passes behind his eyes.
176) 2) dialog: 
176) 6) dialog: 
176) 10) dialog: 
176) 14) dialog: 
178) 0) text: Caleb's face turns leathery. He moves on Jesse.
178) 1) dialog: I'm takin' her back. 115
180) 0) text: Caleb almost has his hands on Jesse. Diamondback raises the blade behind her head. Mae is too scared to speak. The car door bursts open and the little girl runs wildly the street. The farmboy spots her. She spots Diamondback in the nick of time.
181) 0) text: Caleb takes off into the flatlands that surround the town 116 Sarah in his arms with her own arms wrapped around his ne Burying her scared face in his chest. Full moon high and mighty.
183) 0) text: The distant frantic YIPPING of coyotes. Tall grasses bending in the wind. Dust trailing up beneath Caleb's footsteps as he plunders forward. A flat black twist of sky that shows signs of paling at t edges. Sarah is tight in his arms. His breathing in loud gasps. He gulps air. The terrain dipping and rising. Holes and ruts. He trips. Falling face first in the dirt. Sarah goes sprawling to the ground in a heap.
183) 1) dialog: Keep running! Sarah races off. Caleb scrambles to his feet. A shattering pain in his leg. He clutches his ankle. Watching the little girl go. Moonlight glistening on her shiny blonde hair as it flows air with her flight. The farmboy staggers after her. 117 Losing sight of her in the darkness of night.
185) 0) text: Caleb, running with a limp, scans the blackened land. He forages ahead. Listening to a lone shrill cry beneath a slowly brighteni
185) 2) dialog: Caleb swings his head around. Sees a pair of red taillights streaking toward the highwa the distance. His face explodes in a bloodthirsty scream.
185) 3) dialog: 
187) 0) text: Caleb lurches onto the highway. 118 In a dead run. Mouth sucking air. Feet pounding the pavement. The taillights moving steadily down the blacktop. He looks up at the sky. Growing paler by the minute. He shakes his fists at the coming day as if beckoning it
188) 0) text: Mae's eyes still holding out the back window. She sees the speck that is Caleb running after them. Rapidly receding. An agony races behind her gaze. She glances over at Sarah. Homer holding a hand over the little girl's mouth and pus the hair from the sun warmed skin of her neck. Mae turns back to the window.
189) 0) text: Streaks of light bleaching the sky. Caleb scrambling along the blacktop and broken white line Running full steam ahead after the speeding Station Wagon Lungs almost bursting.
190) 0) text: Jesse looks worried as he eyes the sky. Mae returns her sight to Caleb, a mere spot on the road. Something in her erupts. She leaps out of her seat. Ripping Sarah from Homer's grasp. Scrambling over the backseat. Smashing her arm into the back window. Glass spiderwebbing. She dives out of the moving vehicle with the little girl arms.
191) 0) text: Sunrise. Mae slams onto the pavement. Shielding Sarah from the impact with her body. The Station Wagon brakes in an ear-splitting SCREECH of T Mae and Sarah claw to their feet and start to run to Cale Sunlight beginning to singe Mae's skin. Caleb's face widens in an unbelieving stare. He takes off for them as fast as his feet will carry him. Lungs bleeding. Mae and Sarah putting some yardage between them and the W 119 Caleb getting close. From out of the rear window of the Station Wagon, Homer a Leaping onto the pavement and breaking into a dead run. Skin beginning to smoke. Mae's skin starting to smoke. Her eyes starting to close. Her feet staggering along the asphalt. The sun cresting the rim of the world. A wall of light like a blazing wave. Her eyes roll up in their sockets. Sarah scampers with all her strength toward her approachi brother. Homer overtakes Mae, screaming in anguish. His hands stretch out to snatch Sarah. Shimmering rays of sun alighting on his body. Igniting like the head of a match. The sparks licking into the air. Then dissolving into pure ash. Inches away from the little girl. As she throws her arms around her brother. And he sweeps her up in his own. Mae is smoking in the sun. Her legs give out from under her. She collapses on the pavement. Caleb throws off his jacket and dives on top of her with Using his coat and his body to completely shield her from sun. Stroking her hair with his hand. Shushing her.
193) 0) text: Sarah buries her eyes in her hands at the sight of Homer. Caleb adjusts himself so that he covers every bit of Mae' Tucking his jacket around her face and kissing her hair. An ENGINE NOISE makes him lift his head. He looks into the nose of the Station Wagon bearing down He sucks wind. Shouts to his sister.
193) 1) dialog: Sarah, get out of the way! 120 She backs onto the road shoulder, panic in her eyes. Caleb stares into the windshield of the Wagon. And locks eyes with the silver haired driver. A venom passes between that look. The sun rising in the sky. Heating up the blacktop. Caleb folds his arms around the still body of Mae on the A single tear drops to the dust. The light grows bright. Day has arrived. Caleb stares steel into the Silvered One's eyes through t sunshiney windshield. The Wagon nears. Sarah screams.
193) 2) dialog: Roast...! The daylight, like a nuclear afterburn, ripping through t transparent windshield. Hitting Jesse square in the chest. A fire begins to glow in the driver's seat. A fire that was Jesse Hooker. The Station Wagon blows to smithereens. A silence falls. The lone road stretching for miles and miles. Sunlight rising up over the land. A shaken farmboy huddles on top of the young girl in the of the road. A little girl comes over and cries into her big brother's A small fire burns beside a larger fire. Smoke curling up. A gentle breeze blowing down. THE SCREEN SLOWLY FADES TO COMPLETE BLACKNESS. NOTHING BUT DARK.
194) 1) text: Blinding eruption of blazing daylight. A pair of hands have thrown open the shutters. The sun so high in the sky splashing the room with light. Caleb stands aside, anxiously watching someone on the tab Mae is spread out. The blood transfusion apparatus rising above her. A bandage on her arm. The weakened, wearied farmboy fingers a bandage on his ow Sarah and Loy stand by, waiting. Caleb walks over to the girl and lightly shakes her. After a moment her eyes open. She sees the sun staring her in the face. 121 She cries out. Mae grabs onto Caleb's shirt and clings to him desperatel Then she realizes. She isn't burning. Her eyes jump to Caleb's. The farmboy gives his sister and his father a smile. He hugs his girl to him. Her breathless whisper in his ear.
194) 3) dialog: I'll show you. He takes her by the hand. Mae blinks with the attitude of a newborn infant. Not believing she is still alive in the face of the sun. Getting off the table, she walks with Caleb to the window stands. Gazing out in wonderment at the sprawling fields and sunn flatlands. The bruises and welts on her face are beginning to heal. There is a tear in her eye as she looks over to Caleb.
194) 4) dialog: C'mon outside. She goes with him out the door.
195) 0) text: A wall of sunlight on the pastoral fields at high noon. The animals in the pens. Dogs scampering about. Caleb walks through the fields with Mae on his arm. She just starts giggling. Looking around her. Smelling the fresh air. Seeing all the daytime farm sights. Caleb puts his arm around her. He's been there.
195) 1) dialog: Kinda nice, huh? They lean back against a fence. Their eyes meet. And their lips. A loving embrace. Long and warm. 122 The farmhouse small behind them. The front door opening. Somebody small, smiling out. Sarah taking off in a dead run for her brother. Beneath the bright sun in a talcum blue sky. She yelps. Jumps back inside. Recoiling into the cooling darkness of the farmhouse. Looking at the wisp of smoke rising from the skin of her FADE OUT.