38) 8) dialog: Let the good times roll. Mae grabs her arm.
40) 0) text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almos horizontal positions. Ready themselves for sleep. Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van. He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direct Homer shoves up into the one beneath. Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket over his head. Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder. He gazes up into her eyes. Suddenly very tired. Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time. He fights to keep his eyes open. They shut. Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket. Sleep steals her too.
43) 5) dialog: If it's our ass, Mae, it's your ass.
43) 19) dialog: Diamondback. Caleb is looking at her. A teeny hand grabs him by the nuts. Clenches hard. He groans. Falls to his knees. Eye level with Homer. Who puts his little face fiercely against Caleb's.
78) 0) text: Jesse gazes out the windshield with cool, even eyes. Diamondback at his side. Her platinum hair gleaming in the glow of the dashboard l Equally transfixed by the road rolling under the wheels.
78) 8) dialog: There you stood by the side of that road, 'n I 'just knew you were trouble.
78) 10) dialog: How many years ago was that?
78) 12) dialog: Jesse. The Silvered One keeps his eyes on the road, but lets go little smile. She lays her head against his shoulder. They drive on.
80) 0) text: Jesse gives a glance to Diamondback. He slows the vehicle. The Semi-Truck comes to a stop beside the Hitchhiker. A tall, thin, stringy haired boy with half a beard and a bruised face. He waves a ragged smile into the cab. 50
80) 2) dialog: Climb in. He jumps inside. CLICK. To the left of Jesse's ear. As a pair of eyes bore down the barrel of a shotgun level Jesse's face. A HIGHWAYMAN behind the trigger.
91) 9) dialog: Done means dead without dying. Means you'll be real uncomfortable for a long, long time... Her lips return to the small metal instrument. The big rectangle of night rolling by the opening. Caleb moves to the door. Mae suddenly beside him. A match strikes flint nearby. Severen rolling a cigarette between his lips. Then hold on a cluster of lights in the distance. A big ROADHOUSE sitting not far from the tracks. Caleb follows Severen's gaze. And understands the Savage One's scarred face cracking in smile like a hatchet chop.
93) 1) dialog: Let's hit the night in the face. Caleb takes a deep breath. They go in.
94) 30) dialog: There's a fly on the ceiling. The Trucker looks up. Homer empties his .38 into the man. Who falls on the floor. The Pale One grabs a handful of his hair and yanks his he back. Exposing the throat. She produces her knife. Flash of steel. Caleb winces as he meets Mae's eyes. She gets up out of the booth. Walks up to the last remaining survivor. The Cowboy Teenager. Wetting himself as he holds onto the pool cue for dear li She puts her eyes on Caleb. The girl takes one of the Cowboy's Teenager's hands in he She puts his other hand on her waist. Melds her eyes gently into his. Severen KICKS the jukebox. A ROMANTIC COUNTRY MELODY comes out of the old, glowing Wurlitzer. The kid is so scared he is in a state of shock. She whispers to him softly.
97) 5) dialog: We better move our ass. The Silvered One fixes the boy's face in the rear-view mi
103) 1) text: Blackness. Curtains pulled tight. A deathly quiet. Six slumbering bodies. Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair. Mae curled up in his arms. Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed. Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall. Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in bathtub. A pillow over his face. A hard KNOCK on the front door. Homer throws the pillow from his face. Opens a sleepy lid. A VOICE from behind the door.
113) 0) text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her wit body. Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back compartment. Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back fo open rear window. Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his s body. BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as assault continues from outside. One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
120) 0) text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of bucks taps him on the shoulder. He loses control of the wheel for a second. The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him. He regains command of the Camper. Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt. 79 Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the excruciating sunlight. The wound in his shoulder already healing up. The boy holding up as well as he can. Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae, Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the fly bullets and piercing sunshine spears. Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield
128) 0) text: The door opens tentatively. Caleb climbs out of the bullet-riddled vehicle onto solid ground. A little unsteady on his feet. Looking every bit the wounded warrior who has returned in piece. His skin charred and seared. Injuries that will heal. He lets out a sigh and blinks his eyes. A sort of smile as he sees Jesse, Mae, Diamondback and li Homer step out of the rear door and onto the road. They all regard one another with relief. Mae runs to Caleb and they embrace. Jesse claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
132) 0) text: Parked at the side of the lonesome road. Five shadowy silhouettes milling around the front of the vehicle. All is quiet at the back. Where a pair of hands reach up to the metal container of gasoline attached to the back. They pry it off noiselessly. Silent feet pad around to the front. Trembling fingers unscrew the cap. Suddenly dousing the five figures with the amber liquid. GASPS all around. The Cowboy Teenager backs quickly and strikes a match. The Savage One swipes at his wet jacket. Jesse whirls a deadly eye on the kid. Diamondback stares at the match, lips quivering. Homer gulps. WWWFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTT. The match is blown out. The Cowboy spins. But Caleb already has him by the throat with a set of cla fingers. Caleb locks his teeth on the Cowboy Teenager's neck. The kid's feet kick and thrash in the air. Then they stop kicking. Quit thrashing. Hanging limp. Caleb heaves the drained body of the boy into the bushes. Returns to the others. They pile into the Camper. And go.
138) 1) text: Jesse closes the door behind him. Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms. Homer plops down on the bed. Caleb and Mae sink into a couch. Relief and quiet fall over them. The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him. In a good way. That isn't good at all. Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
138) 2) dialog: Welcome. Mae smiles up at her, proudly. Severen reaches to his cowboy boot and rips off one of hi spurs. He looks over to Caleb. A razor blade wink.
141) 1) text: A poker game going strong between Severen, Jesse and Diamondback. Smoke hanging in the air. Homer glances over his shoulder as he opens the front doo 86
145) 4) dialog: Homer, sweet darlin'... Homer, you look at me when I'm talkin' to you, now.
145) 6) dialog: Sarah, you here with your family? The little girl tears her eyes away from the TV and the l moments of the station signoff.
145) 8) dialog: What room you stayin' in, honey? Sarah thinks for a second. 89
145) 46) dialog: Quick. The farmboy's pupils dilate. Sarah starts to scream but Homer puts his hand over her m Loy abruptly reaches into his jacket, pulling out a .38. He backs off to a strategic corner of the room. Aiming the pistol in a two hand grip at the others.
176) 0) text: The fires burn down. Smoke fanned and thinned by passing WINDS. Caleb raises his head. Looks out beyond the smouldering wreckage. Through the smoke. Down the darkened street, silhouetted by a pair of headli an idling station wagon, stand Jesse, Diamondback, and Ma They are standing side by side and facing the straw haire farmboy. Caleb takes a deep breath, closing his fists at his sides Jesse's eyes blacken as they land on Caleb's face. A rage passes behind his eyes.
176) 5) dialog: Your sister for Severen.
180) 0) text: Caleb almost has his hands on Jesse. Diamondback raises the blade behind her head. Mae is too scared to speak. The car door bursts open and the little girl runs wildly the street. The farmboy spots her. She spots Diamondback in the nick of time.
182) 0) text: Jesse squints into the fields and sees them hurrying off. He bounds to the Station Wagon and shoves Diamondback in alongside Homer. Mae stands alone on the road. Her face a maze of emotions. The Silvered One slides behind the wheel and REVS on the HONKS the HORN.
186) 0) text: Jesse's hands tighten around the wheel as he accelerates the road. Diamondback glances toward the back seat. Homer hugs a struggling breathless Sarah to his chest. Face beaming. Mae turns her eys to the back window. Jesse's gaze flits to the sky.
192) 0) text: Light streaking the windshield. Diamondback covering her face with a blanket. Jesse letting his skin blacken as his face grows steadily He cranks the wheel savagely, turning the vehicle around. Slamming his foot down on the accelerator.