38) 10) dialog: Him? 25
40) 0) text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almos horizontal positions. Ready themselves for sleep. Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van. He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direct Homer shoves up into the one beneath. Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket over his head. Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder. He gazes up into her eyes. Suddenly very tired. Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time. He fights to keep his eyes open. They shut. Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket. Sleep steals her too.
43) 2) dialog: You can't Mae! I turned you! I taught you!
43) 20) dialog: I'm Homer. That's H-O-M-E-R. Mispronounce it once and I wouldn't want to be you. 30 Mae takes the stunned, speechless Caleb and sits him down seat in the back. He starts to say something. She puts her finger to his lip. The Silvered One turns over the ignition.
74) 0) text: Bright headlight beams sweep off the side of the road. A MIDDLE-AGED MAN throws his door wide, leaping out. Rushing over to the crumpled little form of Homer, lying road. He bends down to see how injured he is. 47
91) 4) dialog: Why wait, we're gonna do it anyway. He ain't one of us, he don't belong! Besides... Turning an eye on Mae.
91) 5) dialog: ...He's so ugly it makes my gums ache. The girl comes forward. Squaring off in front of Jesse.
97) 4) dialog: I think we should just leave your boyfriend out on the road and let him get hisself a suntan. Diamondback stares out the glass toward the gently paling
103) 1) text: Blackness. Curtains pulled tight. A deathly quiet. Six slumbering bodies. Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair. Mae curled up in his arms. Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed. Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall. Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in bathtub. A pillow over his face. A hard KNOCK on the front door. Homer throws the pillow from his face. Opens a sleepy lid. A VOICE from behind the door.
107) 1) text: A RIFLEBLAST rips two holes in the walls by Jesse's head reloads. Pinpricks of light blaze across the room. The Silvered One dives out of the way. A mirror on the wall fractures the light. Homer gets hit on the hand by a deflected ray. Skin bursts into flames. He yelps, running out of the way. Homer lifts his .38 to the window and starts pumping off Jesse shoots out the mirror to splintered glass smitheree Bullet holes swiss cheese the walls and roof. EXPLOSIONS of GUNFIRE rip through the wallpaper. Needles and lances of bright sunlight cats cradle the roo 74 The day comes through the holes and punctures in a maze o funnels. The six inside desperately keep up their volleys of gunfi They dodge, dive, duck and avoid the laser beams of light continue to cordon off the areas of the room they can mov fight back in. Caleb's gun isn't loaded and while he is popping in shell stray round from outside hits the box and scatters the cartridges. He glances over, while he frantically retrieves the bulle see Mae emptying her cute little .22 out the window along Homer. BULLETS RICHOCHET around the room with a piercing WHINE. The farmboy looks up and sees the rear window. The Camper is parked outside it. He thinks fast.
113) 0) text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her wit body. Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back compartment. Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back fo open rear window. Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his s body. BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as assault continues from outside. One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
120) 0) text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of bucks taps him on the shoulder. He loses control of the wheel for a second. The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him. He regains command of the Camper. Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt. 79 Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the excruciating sunlight. The wound in his shoulder already healing up. The boy holding up as well as he can. Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae, Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the fly bullets and piercing sunshine spears. Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield
128) 0) text: The door opens tentatively. Caleb climbs out of the bullet-riddled vehicle onto solid ground. A little unsteady on his feet. Looking every bit the wounded warrior who has returned in piece. His skin charred and seared. Injuries that will heal. He lets out a sigh and blinks his eyes. A sort of smile as he sees Jesse, Mae, Diamondback and li Homer step out of the rear door and onto the road. They all regard one another with relief. Mae runs to Caleb and they embrace. Jesse claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
132) 0) text: Parked at the side of the lonesome road. Five shadowy silhouettes milling around the front of the vehicle. All is quiet at the back. Where a pair of hands reach up to the metal container of gasoline attached to the back. They pry it off noiselessly. Silent feet pad around to the front. Trembling fingers unscrew the cap. Suddenly dousing the five figures with the amber liquid. GASPS all around. The Cowboy Teenager backs quickly and strikes a match. The Savage One swipes at his wet jacket. Jesse whirls a deadly eye on the kid. Diamondback stares at the match, lips quivering. Homer gulps. WWWFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTT. The match is blown out. The Cowboy spins. But Caleb already has him by the throat with a set of cla fingers. Caleb locks his teeth on the Cowboy Teenager's neck. The kid's feet kick and thrash in the air. Then they stop kicking. Quit thrashing. Hanging limp. Caleb heaves the drained body of the boy into the bushes. Returns to the others. They pile into the Camper. And go.
138) 1) text: Jesse closes the door behind him. Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms. Homer plops down on the bed. Caleb and Mae sink into a couch. Relief and quiet fall over them. The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him. In a good way. That isn't good at all. Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
138) 4) dialog: Shake. Caleb takes hold of his hand.
141) 1) text: A poker game going strong between Severen, Jesse and Diamondback. Smoke hanging in the air. Homer glances over his shoulder as he opens the front doo 86
141) 2) dialog: I'm going to take the air. Diamondback nods as Homer closes the door behind him.
142) 0) text: Homer whistles happily as he walks the narrow walkway of Motel. He hears the soft CLICK of a coin being deposited in the machine up ahead. He lifts his eyes.
143) 3) dialog: Howdy . He begins to tremble as he walks. Sarah POPS the top of the Orange Crush can. Gulps down some of the cool liquid. It spills onto her chin. She swipes at it with the back of her hand. The boy comes to a stop in front of her. She looks at him curiously. The ragged striped t-shirt. Faded blue jeans. High top sneakers. Kind of cute dust smile. He gazes at her, all dewy eyed.
143) 4) dialog: My name's Homer. What's yours? 87
143) 6) dialog: What are you doin' down here all by yourself?
143) 8) dialog: You want to watch TV? She stops. Thinks it over.
145) 0) text: Homer smiles from ear to ear as he enters the room. A blonde haired little girl beside him. Looking like an angel in her healthy, mortal glow.
145) 1) dialog: I'd like to introduce y'all to Sarah. Sarah gazes up curiously into the faces of Jesse, Severen Diamondback as they put down their cards.
145) 5) dialog: What? His voice is sharp, almost dangerous. Diamondback's mind is working beneath her good ol' gal ma
145) 10) dialog: There'll be somethin' on another channel. Only fuzz. Sarah shakes her head, rising to her feet.
145) 12) dialog: Sarah, wait! Sarah is at the door when it opens and someone walks in. Almost bumping the little girl in the chest. She looks up. Her eyes widen. Her breath sticks in her throat. Her gaze lifting to her big brother's astonished face. Mae just behind him. Looking past his shoulder to the little girl in front. Caleb sinks to one knee in front of Sarah. Stroking his hands across her face and hair as if to reas she is right there before him. She stares up in his eyes. Tears. Speechless. The rest of the room stone cold.
145) 33) dialog: Noooooooooo0! !!! 111!!! The Little One jumps off the bed like a trampoline. Snatching Sarah in his arms. Stealing her away. The small girl kicking and screaming. Desperate satisfaction in Homer's face.
145) 34) dialog: Mine. Caleb takes a step toward him. His hands out. Knowing full well the unstable little bag of bones necklo his tiny sister could snap her spine like a twig. Caleb speaks softly.
145) 36) dialog: I'm gonna nip her.
145) 38) dialog: I turned Mae. She went off an' turned you. Now I'm turnin' your little sister. That makes us even steven. 93 Caleb's face turns black. His knuckles whiten.
177) 0) text: Sarah takes her fingers away from the hi-beam switch. Turns her tear soaked face to Homer. Who is crawling over the front seat. Trying his level best to be charming.
177) 1) dialog: Sarah, everything's gonna be okay. Don't be scared. The Little One pins the little girl down in the seat. She makes like she likes him for a minute. Curling her hand around a large flashlight on the dashboa Homer smiles lovingly as he inches forward. he wraps his hand over Sarah's wrist. And bears down. Happily. She gulps. Homer's face drifts toward hers. His lips curling back in a smile. His teeth near her neck. Sarah quakes. Tears streaming down her cheeks. Fear paralyzing her. The little boy starts to fasten on her neck. His eyes close.
179) 0) text: Sarah clubs Homer over the head with the flashlight. A startled Homer breaks his grip for an instant. In that instant, Sarah rips open the Station Wagon door a tears outside.
182) 0) text: Jesse squints into the fields and sees them hurrying off. He bounds to the Station Wagon and shoves Diamondback in alongside Homer. Mae stands alone on the road. Her face a maze of emotions. The Silvered One slides behind the wheel and REVS on the HONKS the HORN.
186) 0) text: Jesse's hands tighten around the wheel as he accelerates the road. Diamondback glances toward the back seat. Homer hugs a struggling breathless Sarah to his chest. Face beaming. Mae turns her eys to the back window. Jesse's gaze flits to the sky.
188) 0) text: Mae's eyes still holding out the back window. She sees the speck that is Caleb running after them. Rapidly receding. An agony races behind her gaze. She glances over at Sarah. Homer holding a hand over the little girl's mouth and pus the hair from the sun warmed skin of her neck. Mae turns back to the window.
190) 0) text: Jesse looks worried as he eyes the sky. Mae returns her sight to Caleb, a mere spot on the road. Something in her erupts. She leaps out of her seat. Ripping Sarah from Homer's grasp. Scrambling over the backseat. Smashing her arm into the back window. Glass spiderwebbing. She dives out of the moving vehicle with the little girl arms.
191) 0) text: Sunrise. Mae slams onto the pavement. Shielding Sarah from the impact with her body. The Station Wagon brakes in an ear-splitting SCREECH of T Mae and Sarah claw to their feet and start to run to Cale Sunlight beginning to singe Mae's skin. Caleb's face widens in an unbelieving stare. He takes off for them as fast as his feet will carry him. Lungs bleeding. Mae and Sarah putting some yardage between them and the W 119 Caleb getting close. From out of the rear window of the Station Wagon, Homer a Leaping onto the pavement and breaking into a dead run. Skin beginning to smoke. Mae's skin starting to smoke. Her eyes starting to close. Her feet staggering along the asphalt. The sun cresting the rim of the world. A wall of light like a blazing wave. Her eyes roll up in their sockets. Sarah scampers with all her strength toward her approachi brother. Homer overtakes Mae, screaming in anguish. His hands stretch out to snatch Sarah. Shimmering rays of sun alighting on his body. Igniting like the head of a match. The sparks licking into the air. Then dissolving into pure ash. Inches away from the little girl. As she throws her arms around her brother. And he sweeps her up in his own. Mae is smoking in the sun. Her legs give out from under her. She collapses on the pavement. Caleb throws off his jacket and dives on top of her with Using his coat and his body to completely shield her from sun. Stroking her hair with his hand. Shushing her.
193) 0) text: Sarah buries her eyes in her hands at the sight of Homer. Caleb adjusts himself so that he covers every bit of Mae' Tucking his jacket around her face and kissing her hair. An ENGINE NOISE makes him lift his head. He looks into the nose of the Station Wagon bearing down He sucks wind. Shouts to his sister.