38) 3) dialog: You fucked us up but good, Mae.
38) 5) dialog: This was sloppy, Mae, real sloppy. 24 Severen indents the sharp rowel of the spur in Caleb's th The farmboy is scared beyond belief.
38) 7) dialog: Do it fast. In the seat beside Jesse, another head rises. The blanket parting to reveal a face to put a country boy place. A head of metallic blonde hair over chiseled features as marble. Her full, bloodless lips widen in a silky smile. Her eyes, an intoxicating lethal lure. DIAMONDBACK's studded denim and fringe jacket glints like eyes in the dark. She whips out her wrist and a pearl handled blade pops in hand. She readies to use it.
38) 20) dialog: ...He comes with us. Caleb is perfectly still. His eyes the only part of his body that moves. Back and forth, back and forth. Nobody talks. 26 Nobody moves. Black nervous looks all around. The vehicle drives on.
40) 0) text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almos horizontal positions. Ready themselves for sleep. Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van. He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direct Homer shoves up into the one beneath. Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket over his head. Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder. He gazes up into her eyes. Suddenly very tired. Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time. He fights to keep his eyes open. They shut. Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket. Sleep steals her too.
43) 6) dialog: Well... The glint of Jesse's eyes passing around the others.
43) 7) dialog: ...You want to call it a week? Mae holds her breath. Severen spits tobacco. Homer keeps opening and closing the hammer of the gun. Diamondback fingers the rhinestone studs of her frayed bl denim jacket. Jesse clicks his teeth. His eyes snap to Diamondback. She nods.
43) 8) dialog: ...Then it's decided. A week to see if we can call him one of us. Caleb blinks. Severen catches it.
43) 17) dialog: I'm Jesse Hooker. I believe you've met Mae. Caleb hears a sound which makes him turn his head fast. ZZ2Z2ZZZ222ZZZ722zzzzZaaaaawww . AZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAWWWWWWWZZZZZ .. Severen FILING his teeth with a metal tool. Sharpening them. Winking at the farmboy.
51) 1) text: The Travelall pulls into the parking structure. Zooming through the cement catacombs. Swerving into a parking spot. Shutting its engine. All doors pop open. They all climb out. And stretch their legs. Jesse turns a grey eye on the farmboy. A faint grin wrinkles across that epic face. Caleb swallows. 31 Mae comes up beside him. Weaving her fingers through his hand. The farmboy watches as the others take off into the night Each heading in separate directions.
78) 0) text: Jesse gazes out the windshield with cool, even eyes. Diamondback at his side. Her platinum hair gleaming in the glow of the dashboard l Equally transfixed by the road rolling under the wheels.
78) 7) dialog: I believe this is where I had that flat tire. You pulled over.
78) 9) dialog: You was right.
78) 11) dialog: Disremember, huh? Don't remember the date of the night, neither, do you? A sparkle in her eye.
80) 0) text: Jesse gives a glance to Diamondback. He slows the vehicle. The Semi-Truck comes to a stop beside the Hitchhiker. A tall, thin, stringy haired boy with half a beard and a bruised face. He waves a ragged smile into the cab. 50
80) 6) dialog: You're not going to look so good with your face ripped off. The Hitchhiker and the Highwayman look at each other in hilarious disbelief. They crack up. 51
91) 1) text: The Savage One throws the farmboy up against the wall, pi him with that same vice grip around the throat. Caleb sucks wind. Looking around him at the semi circle of darkening faces. To the icy blue eyes behind them. To Mae. His eyes plead. Hers tremor. She makes a move. Jesse revolves his silver head and gives her a look. Not a nice look. She freezes. Caleb stops breathing. The Silvered One moves forward.
91) 2) dialog: One more night...! Lifting a long slender finger toward the farmboy's face.
91) 7) dialog: I wonder about you, Mae... I shouldn't be wondering about you. A shiver runs through her system. Point taken. That long slender finger of the Silvered One sweeps back Caleb.
91) 8) dialog: Ain't right for Mae to be carrying you, Caleb. Tonight you make a kill. How you do it is your business. You do it, or you're done. The Savage One takes his hand off the boy's throat. Giving him a look like he can't wait for the boy to screw Diamondback slides a harmonica out of her jacket and play slow, haunting melody. Then stops. Lifting her hypnotic eyes to the farmboy.
94) 16) dialog: Just the glass. The Waitress shrugs. Returns the beer to the tray. She sets down the empty glass. Jesse draws an antique Colt Peacemaker from his belt. SHOOTS her in the Adam's apple. She slumps in his lap. He puts the glass under her throat. Filling the glass. Dumping the body on the floor. Guzzling the glass, he gets up and goes to the door. His pistol leveled. Standing sentry.
94) 17) dialog: Nobody gets out of here alive. The Cowboy Teenager is totally still. Nothing but a scared kid. Holding his pool cue in white knuckled hands. Severen lets out a cowboy yodel.
94) 24) dialog: Just a couple more minutes of your time. Caleb watches the whole scene with his mouth open.
94) 25) dialog: ...Bout the same duration as the rest of your life. The farmboy starts walking away from the bar, stuperuous. He doesn't see the Bartender reach under the counter behi Picking up a double-barreled sawed-off .12 gauge shotgun. Vaulting the bar, landing on both feet, raising the weapo his eye. The boy hears him and whirls. 64 The Bartender gives him both barrels square in the chest. Blowing a ragged rupture through his back and ripping a h of his chest. Caleb blinks. Smoke rises. The boy looks down at his ravaged torso.
96) 0) text: Caleb's strong limbs flying over the blacktop. The Cowboy stares over his shoulder in terrific fear, cho for breath. Caleb gaining on him. The Camper and the others way way behind. The farmboy reaching out with his hand. Clamping down on the Cowboy Teenager's shoulder. Spinning him about with superlative strength. 67 Baring his teeth. Face to face with one his own age. He sees himself how he once was. Caleb freezes. He can't do it. Suddenly headlights from behind. The Dodge Camper bearing down. The Cowboy Teenager looks up. Through the glass to Jesse's grim face. He looks like he wants to cry. Then another pair of lights. This time from the other direction. A small SEMI with a flatbed wheels around the bend in the In a burst of speed, the Cowboy Teenager breaks for it. The Camper almost on Caleb's heels. Braking in a SQUEAL of smoking tires. As the Teenager leaps onto the flatbed barrelling by. Caleb runs fast as he can after the receding Truck. The Dodge Camper starting to make a U-turn. Suddenly blocked by an oncoming rush of Cars. Caleb's feet slap the dirt on the side of the road as the picks up speed and leaves him in its dust. Caleb pulls up. Looking from the disappearing Semi to the Dodge Camper st on the other side of the road. Then back to the Semi. Watching the red taillights of the Truck swallowed up by night. Traffic passing him. Then the Camper is abruptly at his side. A door cracks open. Long arms snatch him off the road.
97) 0) text: Jesse squints into the faint light beginning to pale the the world. Vicious hands tug Caleb inside. Black looks. The Silvered One twists the Camper around and punches the
97) 1) dialog: Shit. You fucked us up for the last time, boy... The Camper hurtling across the flatlands.
97) 3) dialog: Fuckin' sun! Mae clings to the farmboy. Homer gives him a sickening face.
97) 6) dialog: Boy, you screwed us up this time. We got five minutes before sunup and we ain't found us a place to stay. He punches the steering wheel. Smearing his foot to the floor. Horizonline becoming more and more distinct. The road ahead absolutely empty. Caleb stares down into his hands. Mae looks at him with soft eyes.
97) 7) dialog: This rate we'll be lucky to make it at all. Goddamn kid you let get away's made this vehicle, he's gonna go straight to the cops and they're gonna be combin' the area. A deadly silence. That epic face straight front.
97) 8) dialog: You both fucked us up.
97) 11) dialog: ...Okay. Soft and sweet. Mae shakes down to her bootstraps. Severen CRACKS his knuckles. Homer WHISTLES. Diamondback gives Mae a soul shaking smile. Then through the glass a Travel Court complex of little bungalows off to the side of the road.
97) 12) dialog: "Bout time. Lifting his foot off the gas.
99) 1) text: Jesse bursts into the empty room. He taps a finger on the desktop bell. Nothing. A pale beam of light creeps in through the curtains. He sweats. Finally the white haired MANAGER still in pajamas moves a the floor with the assistance of a cane. A smooth smile graces Jesse's lips.
99) 2) dialog: I'd like to rent one of your bungalows, Sir. The old man presses his hearing aid, nudging his head for
99) 4) dialog: The key. A flicker of understanding in the Manager's face. Plucking a set of keys off the desk. Jesse grabs the key from him just as the sunlight lands u counter where his hand just was. He turns to go.
100) 1) text: A picture pretty little box with windows and a door. Jesse hurriedly unlocks the door. The six figures hasten in. Slamming the door shut behind him. The reflection of the sliver of sun in the window slicing knife across the sharp side of the planet.
103) 1) text: Blackness. Curtains pulled tight. A deathly quiet. Six slumbering bodies. Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair. Mae curled up in his arms. Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed. Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall. Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in bathtub. A pillow over his face. A hard KNOCK on the front door. Homer throws the pillow from his face. Opens a sleepy lid. A VOICE from behind the door.
103) 8) dialog: Give him the piece, Severen. Severen sighs. Hands over the gun. Caleb feels the weight and heft of the pice. 73
107) 1) text: A RIFLEBLAST rips two holes in the walls by Jesse's head reloads. Pinpricks of light blaze across the room. The Silvered One dives out of the way. A mirror on the wall fractures the light. Homer gets hit on the hand by a deflected ray. Skin bursts into flames. He yelps, running out of the way. Homer lifts his .38 to the window and starts pumping off Jesse shoots out the mirror to splintered glass smitheree Bullet holes swiss cheese the walls and roof. EXPLOSIONS of GUNFIRE rip through the wallpaper. Needles and lances of bright sunlight cats cradle the roo 74 The day comes through the holes and punctures in a maze o funnels. The six inside desperately keep up their volleys of gunfi They dodge, dive, duck and avoid the laser beams of light continue to cordon off the areas of the room they can mov fight back in. Caleb's gun isn't loaded and while he is popping in shell stray round from outside hits the box and scatters the cartridges. He glances over, while he frantically retrieves the bulle see Mae emptying her cute little .22 out the window along Homer. BULLETS RICHOCHET around the room with a piercing WHINE. The farmboy looks up and sees the rear window. The Camper is parked outside it. He thinks fast.
109) 1) text: A momentary lull, the frantic reloading of guns. Caleb looks up into Jesse's sombre face.
109) 4) dialog: You go outside, boy... He squeezes off a SHOT. 75
109) 5) dialog: ...They gonna be servin' you ona bun.
109) 7) dialog: We'll cover ya. The farmboy nods. Severen shouts.
109) 9) dialog: So what do we got to lose? Git goin', boy, we'll cover ya. Jesse throws the car keys into Caleb's open palm. The farmboy yanks the bedspread off the bed and throws it his head. Mae reaches out with her hand, touching Caleb's arm. BULLETS flying left and right. She looks into his eyes. Caleb meets her gaze. Another EXPLOSION of GUNSHOTS. The farmboy spins on his feet, racing for the back window He leaps through the air and dives through the glass.
113) 0) text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her wit body. Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back compartment. Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back fo open rear window. Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his s body. BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as assault continues from outside. One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
113) 1) dialog: Let's go! 77 Caleb drives his foot down on the accelerator. The car starts going. Homer claws his way onto the back of the vehicle, crying he loses his grip in the agonizing sunshine. Severen reaches out and drags him safely through the back window. They all duck down as the Camper piledrives through the f the building.
118) 0) text: The shield of the four walls of the vehicle are being bre by the shotguns. Laserlike beams of light shoot through the bullet holes. Severen and Jesse poke their heads up out of the blankets Peering over the backseat. Recoiling from the sunshine singeing their faces. They duck down and grab up rifles. FIRING off round after round through the shattered glass back windshield.
120) 0) text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of bucks taps him on the shoulder. He loses control of the wheel for a second. The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him. He regains command of the Camper. Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt. 79 Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the excruciating sunlight. The wound in his shoulder already healing up. The boy holding up as well as he can. Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae, Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the fly bullets and piercing sunshine spears. Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield
128) 0) text: The door opens tentatively. Caleb climbs out of the bullet-riddled vehicle onto solid ground. A little unsteady on his feet. Looking every bit the wounded warrior who has returned in piece. His skin charred and seared. Injuries that will heal. He lets out a sigh and blinks his eyes. A sort of smile as he sees Jesse, Mae, Diamondback and li Homer step out of the rear door and onto the road. They all regard one another with relief. Mae runs to Caleb and they embrace. Jesse claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
128) 1) dialog: Not too shabby. A CAR DOOR SLAMMING spins their heads around.
132) 0) text: Parked at the side of the lonesome road. Five shadowy silhouettes milling around the front of the vehicle. All is quiet at the back. Where a pair of hands reach up to the metal container of gasoline attached to the back. They pry it off noiselessly. Silent feet pad around to the front. Trembling fingers unscrew the cap. Suddenly dousing the five figures with the amber liquid. GASPS all around. The Cowboy Teenager backs quickly and strikes a match. The Savage One swipes at his wet jacket. Jesse whirls a deadly eye on the kid. Diamondback stares at the match, lips quivering. Homer gulps. WWWFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTT. The match is blown out. The Cowboy spins. But Caleb already has him by the throat with a set of cla fingers. Caleb locks his teeth on the Cowboy Teenager's neck. The kid's feet kick and thrash in the air. Then they stop kicking. Quit thrashing. Hanging limp. Caleb heaves the drained body of the boy into the bushes. Returns to the others. They pile into the Camper. And go.
138) 1) text: Jesse closes the door behind him. Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms. Homer plops down on the bed. Caleb and Mae sink into a couch. Relief and quiet fall over them. The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him. In a good way. That isn't good at all. Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
138) 6) dialog: Glad to have y' with us, son. Caleb gazes at him a long moment.
138) 8) dialog: What might that be?
138) 10) dialog: Let's put it this way, I fought for the south.
138) 12) dialog: We lost. Mae comes to her feet.
141) 1) text: A poker game going strong between Severen, Jesse and Diamondback. Smoke hanging in the air. Homer glances over his shoulder as he opens the front doo 86
145) 44) dialog: Question is whether they'd let us go. They tracked us this far. Now they know our faces. Doesn't look like they'd leave off after following us all the way here. The Silvered One puts a firm hand on Caleb's sweaty shoul
145) 45) dialog: I say kill 'em. Diamondback taps the toe of a white cowboy boot on the fl Looks straight into Caleb's face.
145) 50) dialog: Listen to your son... The Silvered One comes forward, his boots squeaking along carpet. The father trains the handgun square between his shoulder blades. Chuckles.
145) 52) dialog: Not likely. Loy FIRES. Reaming a hole in the middle of Jesse's chest. The Silvered One coughs. Spitting the used bullet into the palm of his hand. Reaching out and putting it in the pocket of Loy's shirt. Patting the pocket for safe keeping. His other hand closing on the normal man's hand on the gu Jesse squeezes. Loy screams in agony. The bones in his hand beginning to snap against the metal gun in the crushing grip of the hand clamped around it. Caleb screams.
176) 0) text: The fires burn down. Smoke fanned and thinned by passing WINDS. Caleb raises his head. Looks out beyond the smouldering wreckage. Through the smoke. Down the darkened street, silhouetted by a pair of headli an idling station wagon, stand Jesse, Diamondback, and Ma They are standing side by side and facing the straw haire farmboy. Caleb takes a deep breath, closing his fists at his sides Jesse's eyes blacken as they land on Caleb's face. A rage passes behind his eyes.
176) 1) dialog: You fucked us up again. Caleb's voice vibrates off the buildings.
176) 4) dialog: I'm gonna hafta kill ya a few times. Caleb stares at the row of faces. Moving from Jesse to Diamondback.
176) 13) dialog: Too late for that, Mae.
178) 0) text: Caleb's face turns leathery. He moves on Jesse.
178) 2) dialog: Sure you will. The Silvered One smiles. Watching the stark form of Diamondback appear behind Cale back. Quietly dropping the pearl handled blade out of her cuff her hand. Raiseing it to throw. Jesse silences Mae with a hand over her face. Caleb keeps coming on.
180) 0) text: Caleb almost has his hands on Jesse. Diamondback raises the blade behind her head. Mae is too scared to speak. The car door bursts open and the little girl runs wildly the street. The farmboy spots her. She spots Diamondback in the nick of time.
182) 0) text: Jesse squints into the fields and sees them hurrying off. He bounds to the Station Wagon and shoves Diamondback in alongside Homer. Mae stands alone on the road. Her face a maze of emotions. The Silvered One slides behind the wheel and REVS on the HONKS the HORN.
182) 1) dialog: 
186) 0) text: Jesse's hands tighten around the wheel as he accelerates the road. Diamondback glances toward the back seat. Homer hugs a struggling breathless Sarah to his chest. Face beaming. Mae turns her eys to the back window. Jesse's gaze flits to the sky.
186) 1) dialog: We'll take care of him later. No time now. He steers the vehicle up over the last of the fields and onto the tarmac. The Wagon picks up speed.
190) 0) text: Jesse looks worried as he eyes the sky. Mae returns her sight to Caleb, a mere spot on the road. Something in her erupts. She leaps out of her seat. Ripping Sarah from Homer's grasp. Scrambling over the backseat. Smashing her arm into the back window. Glass spiderwebbing. She dives out of the moving vehicle with the little girl arms.
192) 0) text: Light streaking the windshield. Diamondback covering her face with a blanket. Jesse letting his skin blacken as his face grows steadily He cranks the wheel savagely, turning the vehicle around. Slamming his foot down on the accelerator.