31) 0) text: LOY and SARAH COLTON have come outside to start their day The father is a man in his middle years, with weathered s white hair on a face and body worn by a life on the land. He is holding his six year old daughter in his arms. Golden hair on a pretty, pug nosed face. Loy is holding a cup of coffee. Sippng it as he looks out on the morning lands with his b girl. Sky brightening.
33) 0) text: Loy Colton squints out into the lands. Sees the stick figure way out there. Sarah stretches her teeny arm and points. Jumps up and down.
33) 2) dialog: Hey, Caleb! The father waves at his son. The sister stands by his side. The two of them framed picture pretty in front of the hou
35) 0) text: Loy stops waving. His face falls. Sarah snags his shirt sleeve. Alarmed.
35) 2) dialog: I'm not sure. They squint into the distance. Past the stumbling, smoking stick figure of Caleb. 22 Just past him. Dust rising.
37) 0) text: Loy and Sarach are thunderstruck. They see the Winnebago hang a sharp right in an explosion dirt. Greyhounding it for the strip of two-lane blacktop a quar a mile away. Caleb being stolen away within.
37) 2) dialog: Sarah, you stay here. Loy charges as fast as his aging feet will carry him acro farm. Around the side of the barn. Screeching to a halt in front of a Chevy Pickup. The Truck is up on a jack, its tire off. The father is white in the face. Sarah is standing beside him with her eyes as big as sauc Watching the thin trail of dust disappear down the road. 23 The father picks up his daughter. She hugs him, sobbing. A steeliness appears behind his eyes as he looks out at t road. The two of them stand small and alone on the farm. Surrounded by the huge Oklahoma landscape.
41) 0) text: Sun burning hot and bright on a sign reading, "Loy Colton Veterinarian." A POLICE CAR sitting in front of the farmhouse. Down in the field Loy cradles Sarah in his arms and gazes straight into SHERIFF EAKERS face. The Sheriff tucks a couple of thumbs in the belt around h landslide girth. Tilting an eye.
41) 3) dialog: See these tire marks? That was four hours and nine minutes ago. Meanin' that if they're out there on the highway keepin' at a steady 55 that puts 'em clear into the next state by now. I wanna know what you boys are doin' about that? Sarah digs her face into her stern father's jacket. The Sheriff sighs. The three of them very small on the very big stretch of l
62) 1) text: Loy Colton awakens at the top of his lungs. Jackknifing up in bed. He puts his face in his hands. Cries quietly. He peers out the window at the first traces of sunlight t the curtains. He looks like he has slept poorly. Loy regards the shape of a small body, an indentation on mattress. His daughter was sleeping beside him, but now she's gone. His brow furrows.
62) 2) dialog: Sarah? Nowhere to be seen. The father gets out of bed. 41 He has been sleeping in his jeans and shirt. Rumpled and worse for wear, he goes out the door.
63) 0) text: Loy walks down the hall in the morning light. He knows where she is.
64) 1) text: The father quietly pushes open the door. Peeks in. Little Sarah asleep on her big brother's bed. Hugging onto his beat up cowboy hat. Loy blinks away a tear. He turns his back and starts to go out. A small voice stops him.
64) 3) dialog: Mornin', Baby. He puts his hand on her tiny hand holding the Stetson.
64) 4) dialog: You sleep some?
64) 6) dialog: Little. Bad dreams.
64) 9) dialog: I know. They look at each other. 42
66) 1) text: A hole in the wall. A small computer bank on the desk by the telephone. A few wanted posters and postal warrants on the board. Sheriff Eakers shakes his head as he stabs a cigarette ou ash tray full of butts. He lifts tired eyes to Loy Colton, sitting across the des Sarah in her father's lap.
66) 3) dialog: What're your boys doing about it?
66) 5) dialog: That's not enough.
69) 0) text: Loy is behind the wheel. His eyes riveted to the road. He puts an arm around Sarah. Brings her to him. Hugs her close. She looks up at him.
69) 1) dialog: We're going to get our Caleb back Sarah.
70) 1) text: Loy double checks with his fingers that the .38 Special i securely taped to the bottom of his seat.
87) 1) text: A cloverleaf of freeways through the window. Sarah and Loy are eating breakfast at one of the booths. The little girl clicks open a pen and starts sketching a but recognizable picture of her brother on the back of hi horse. She starts to cry. Loy pushes away his plate of an uneaten hamburger and rea across the table. He cups her little face in his hands.
87) 2) dialog: Shhh, honey. Come on, let's go make a phone call, see if anybody knows anything. She sniffles and nods.
88) 1) text: Loy holds Sarah in his arms, the telephone receiver to hi
88) 2) dialog: Eakers... Loy Colton here. Pause. 56
88) 3) dialog: ...You did? It's a positive make? His face brightens. His little daughter wipes her eyes.
88) 4) dialog: Where was he? Hope, Kansas bus station... Cop said he was going home... Sarah winds her tiny hands around Loy's neck excitedly.
88) 5) dialog: ...You check the house?... He shoulda been there by now... No, I'm down in Waco, Texas. Guess I'm headin' in the wrong direction. Think I'll turn around, head North... No, you can't talk me out of it, Eakers. Just glad to know he's still out there. Thanks for your help... I'll stay in touch. He hangs up the phone. Sarah wears a big smile on her face as she tightens her a around her father's neck.
88) 7) dialog: Almost. Hope flushes their faces as they head toward the Chevy Pi Driving into the hot afternoon sun.
136) 1) text: The Chevy Pickup drives past the roadsign. The small figures of Loy and Sarah inside.
145) 18) dialog: So that's where she went to. Gota mind of her own, that little girl of mine. I'll get her out of your hair. Caleb spins around at the sound of his father's voice. Looking into the face of Loy Colton standing in the doorw face puffy from sleep. Severen hovering behind the man like the sickle of his na Father and son make some serious eye contact. Words just don't express the feelings.
145) 20) dialog: Been looking for you.
145) 22) dialog: We been out a lot. Drivin' in the truck. Tryin' to track you down.
145) 24) dialog: Son. Severen shuts the door. Shaking his head with a savagely sardonic smile. 91
145) 27) dialog: Who are these people? Caleb notices the others assuming attack formation agains walls. He positions himself to Loy and Sarah's maximum advantage between them. Acting as a buffer. He looks his father in the face.
145) 31) dialog: You comin'? Caleb watches Mae's glance. She wants him. She's in him. He won't be without her. She touches him on the sleeve and that's all she wrote. Sarah watches this other woman closely. Caleb turns to his family. Shakes his had softly. Eyes firm. 92
145) 47) dialog: That'll be just about enough of this shit. Let go of my boy. Let go of my little girl. Now y'all jus' get away from the door. 94 He COCKS back the HAMMER of the GUN with his thumb.
145) 48) dialog: ...And we'll be on our way. Caleb speaks through clenched teeth. Severen holding firm.
145) 51) dialog: Whadya mean it won't do any good? I'd stop where y'are if I was you, Mister.
146) 1) text: Loy and Sarah hustle Caleb's blanketed body to the Chevy Pulling open the darkened rear compartment. The farmboy clambers in amongst all the veterinary equipm
148) 0) text: Loy's face is white. Foot flat on the pedal.
148) 1) dialog: What in goddamned hell's goin' on, son?! Sarah starts to cry.
150) 3) dialog: We'll get you to a hospital right away.
150) 5) dialog: Caleb... Those people back there, they wasn't normal. Normal folks, they don't spit out bullets after you shoot them. Normal folks don't burn up in everyday sunshine... Now tell me what the fuck?
150) 7) dialog: You're going straight to the hospital!
150) 9) dialog: Bullshit you ain't!
153) 1) text: The windows are curtained and shuttered. Caleb is stretched out on the operating table, his skin abnormally pale and translucent under the lights. Loy standing by him in his shirtsleeves. Metal stands by the operating table with bottles attached them. Long, perilous needles on rubber tubes fitted to the bott The father lifts a hypodermic syringe and fills it with a tranquilizer. Loy looks real worried as he poises the hypo.
153) 2) dialog: I don't like doing this. I don't really know what's going on. You might not come out of this.
155) 1) text: Caleb lies motionless. His right arm injected with a needle and tube which is ru his blood out into a bottle on the floor. Bad blood. His left arm also injected with a needle and tube being f a bottle of his father's blood hung on a stand. Loy feels for his son's pulse. His own body in a state of complete collapse. There is a dull beating. It is enough to blur Loy's eyes with tears. The bottle drains. He gently removes the needles from his son's arms. He slaps the side of Caleb's face. No reaction. He shakes the boy's shoulders. Nothing. He hangs his head in a moment of exasperation.
157) 1) text: Loy is stroking his boy's head with a wet cloth. His own body severely weakened from loss of blood. He slumps in a chair. Trying to fight the urge to sleep. Sheer will keeping him awake. He stares down at his boy. And prays. He tries one last time to wake his son. 100 Lifting him on his chest. Caleb's head lolls to one side. Loy starts to weep. His hands trembling. The kitchen door cracks open. Two small eyes peer up. Loy snaps his eyes to the door. Sarah starts to cry.
161) 0) text: Loy is standing by the stove. Dinner cooking. The smells seeming to rejuvinate him, although his appear remains weakened and worn down. The screen door SLAMS. Caleb and Sarah enter the room. Loy smiles at the boy.
161) 1) dialog: Why don't you set the table, Caleb? Caleb smiles at the reassuring old ritual. He opens the cupboard. His eyes slip to the window as he takes the dishes down. The light of day dying fast. Loy catches his son's gaze. Sees the apprehension. Caleb is still. Day blackening.
161) 2) dialog: Caleb? The farmboy shifts his eyes to his father. Erasing the memory. Thought being blocked out.
161) 4) dialog: Days are getting shorter. Caleb looks his father in the face.
163) 1) text: They all eat in silence. An exchange of looks. Caleb eating very slowly. Sarah draining a glass of milk with a straw. Then blowing bubbles. Loy and Caleb look over. She smiles up at them mischievously. A breeze blows through the kitchen window. The curtains flutter. Sarah yawns.
163) 3) dialog: Put your dishes in the sink. I'll be up to read to you in a minute. Sarah gathers up her plate in a small fist.
163) 6) dialog: Don't forget to brush your teeth. Sarah groans audibly, taking the stairs two at a time. A stronger wind blows through the window. Caleb's eyes skate to the open windowframe. he rises to his feet. Crosses to the window and reaches out to close it. Something catches his ear. A faint SQUEAKING SOUND. The swing on the porch. He turns an eye to his father. His father notices the anxiety on his son's face. The farmboy tries to hide it.
163) 8) dialog: I'll wait.
165) 1) text: Loy is nursing a cup of coffee on the couch and reading t paper. A radio plays softly on the counter. He lifts his head to his son with a gentle smile. Sees the anguish in Caleb's eyes.
165) 2) dialog: Caleb? Caleb crosses to him and puts his hand affectionately on man's tired shoulder. Torn in two but keeping it inside.
165) 4) dialog: Nothin' a day or two's takin' it easy won't remedy. How you doin'?
165) 6) dialog: Get a good night's sleep, son. You could use it. The farmboy stops at the stairs. Looks over his shoulder with a lengthening smile.
165) 8) dialog: Good to have you home. Caleb goes up the stairs.
169) 1) text: Loy is sound asleep on the couch. Out the window, the black horse and its rider disappear i night.
194) 1) text: Blinding eruption of blazing daylight. A pair of hands have thrown open the shutters. The sun so high in the sky splashing the room with light. Caleb stands aside, anxiously watching someone on the tab Mae is spread out. The blood transfusion apparatus rising above her. A bandage on her arm. The weakened, wearied farmboy fingers a bandage on his ow Sarah and Loy stand by, waiting. Caleb walks over to the girl and lightly shakes her. After a moment her eyes open. She sees the sun staring her in the face. 121 She cries out. Mae grabs onto Caleb's shirt and clings to him desperatel Then she realizes. She isn't burning. Her eyes jump to Caleb's. The farmboy gives his sister and his father a smile. He hugs his girl to him. Her breathless whisper in his ear.