7) 11) text: Where you from, Mae? She wipes her mouth with the back of her hand.
7) 12) dialog: Ever hear of Sweetwater?
7) 14) dialog: Yeah.
7) 16) dialog: Friends.
7) 18) dialog: Friends. She looks Caleb in the eyes.
7) 19) dialog: I'm staying out at the trailer park near the highway. I need a lift home. Caleb looks at her a long moment. Looking like he died and went to heaven.
8) 0) text: Caleb opens the door for Mae. Helps her up into her seat. Then climbs behind the wheel.
9) 2) dialog: That's a nice name.
9) 3) text: Y'sure are pretty, but I guess a lot of people tell you that. She looks away out the windshield. Hard to read. Soon it's just the two of them driving down the dark and deserted highway. He looks at her. His breath sticks in his throat. Mae is unearthly beautiful in the haloish haze of the das lights. Her eyes shift to him.
9) 5) dialog: Sometimes.
9) 7) dialog: What about them?
9) 9) dialog: Too bad.
9) 11) dialog: Not long.
9) 13) dialog: No.
9) 15) dialog: Shhhhhhhh. They drive in silence for several moments. The reassuring RUMBLE of the ENGINE. The WHIZZ of the TIRES on the blacktop. Outside, the long, far, dark. The two of them together.
9) 16) dialog: Stop the truck.
9) 18) dialog: Now.
9) 21) dialog: Something I want to show you. Her door is all at once open. She is out of the truck. He kills the engine and jumps onto the hard ground.
10) 0) text: Mae stands alone. A black silhouette against a blacker horizon. A sky stretching high above her head. Stars like from a shotgun blast. He comes toward her. The WIND whips the clothes around her soft, sultry form. Her eyes shining in the night.
10) 2) dialog: The night.
10) 6) dialog: It's also bright. It'll blind you.
10) 8) dialog: Listen.
10) 10) dialog: Do y'hear?
10) 12) dialog: Listen again. Do ya hear?
10) 14) dialog: The night. It's deafening.
10) 16) dialog: Listen hard. They are close. Face to face. His lips lowering to hers. Her lips moist. Caleb tries to kiss her. Mae moves off. He follows.
10) 20) dialog: Look up.
10) 22) dialog: See that one?
10) 24) dialog: The light you just saw took a billion whole years to get from that star down here to earth... The light that's leaving that star right now, it'll be here a billion years from now... She spins on her heel. Fixes his face in her own.
10) 25) dialog: Want to know why you never met a girl like me before?
10) 27) dialog: ...I'll be around to see that light when it comes down to earth a billion years from now. 10
10) 29) dialog: It is.
10) 31) dialog: Maybe.
10) 33) dialog: who knows? She turns and heads back toward the Ford Pickup. He catches her stride.
10) 35) dialog: Sure haven't. They climb in. They take off. The night is just as dark as it was before. Maybe darker.
11) 2) dialog: I never hurry. Caleb smiles and shakes his head, somehow now believing.
13) 0) text: Mae turns to Caleb. The paleness of her skin almost luminescent.
13) 1) dialog: Where're we going? Caleb's eyes sparkle.
13) 3) dialog: I don't like surprises.
13) 5) dialog: What is it?
13) 7) dialog: who?
13) 9) dialog: I'm not sure I'm going to like this. A smile in her eyes.
15) 2) dialog: Where's here?
16) 1) text: Caleb races around the truck, cracking open Mae's door. He extends his hand as she hops out.
16) 3) dialog: I don't want to be with other people. I want to be with you tonight. He gives her hand a gentle pull.
17) 0) text: In its pen, DIESEL, a massive black quarterhorse pricks u ears. Turning wide, dark eyes on Caleb and Mae. Caleb gets behind Mae and puts his hand on her shoulder.
17) 3) dialog: Horses don't like me. Caleb takes a rope and slings it over Diesel's head.
17) 5) dialog: They just don't.
17) 9) dialog: Stronger than you.
20) 1) text: Mae's ears perk at the rooster crow. Her icy blue eyes skate up to the sky. Her face focuses on Caleb's in alarm.
20) 2) dialog: What time is it? Caleb shrugs his shoulders.
20) 4) dialog: Before dawn.
20) 6) dialog: Take me home, Caleb. 16
20) 9) dialog: I have to go. She breaks free. Keeps walking. Reaching the truck, she opens her door. His eyes search hers as she climbs into the seat. Reading nothing. He closes her door. Resting his elbows on the open windowframe. He starts to speak, she cuts him off.
20) 10) dialog: Hurry, Caleb. Hurry. He gazes into those eyes for a fleeting moment, then move around to the driver's side and swings onto the seat.
23) 0) text: Mae shoots a scared glance at Caleb.
23) 1) dialog: Let's go. 17
23) 4) dialog: That's not it. She casts a glance up out the windshield.
23) 5) dialog: Move.
25) 0) text: Caleb keeps his hands on the wheel. Staring straight out the windshield. Hurt. Mae sits rigidly beside him. Perspiration like dew drops on her porcelain skin. Real fear in her eyes.
25) 1) dialog: Faster.
25) 3) dialog: It's only a few more miles.
25) 5) dialog: I didn't notice the time.
25) 8) dialog: Just get me home.
28) 0) text: The girl is running as fast as her feet will carry her. Her eyes wide and wild. A dribble of blood dappling her white lips. The farmboy is racing after her. She moves with a speed that is leaving him rapidly in her The sky is becoming very bright indeed. Mae stops in her tracks and squints ahead. Up the road, fast approaching. A ballooning cloud of dust. A low to the ground funnel of dirt. Caleb watches as the girl runs toward it, flagging her ar A vehicle inside the little twister SLAMS on its BRAKES. Mae jumps inside the dirty haze. The dust cloud swerves in a SCREECHING TIRE arc on the ro speeding back up the road. The sun about to crack the edge of the world. A faint wreath of smoke in the air where the girl last st Caleb slows to a sprint. Then a walk. He stops and stands. Watching the dust disintigrate up the road. He scratches his head. Touches the strange wound on his throat. He regards the red wetness on his fingers.
38) 4) dialog: It was kinda an accident.
38) 9) dialog: No!!! Caleb's eyes are wide and wild. Severen draws his leg back, poising his spur. The Winnebago hurtles at hi-speed. The farmboy tries to make a move. CLINK. CHINK. Handcuffs are thrown about his wrist and a bolt on the do He's caught tight. His eyes find a .38 special aimed point blank in his face Held in a two hand grip by a seven year old boy. Crouched in a corner. A tiny face pinched, hair clipped in a crewcut. His clothes probably procured at the Salvation Army. HOMER. He eases back the hammer. Snaps his eyes possessively to Mae.
38) 11) dialog: No! Spur. Knife. Handcuff. .38. Nuts.
38) 15) dialog: Might as well kill me.
38) 17) dialog: He's been bit but he ain't been bled. That sinks in.
38) 18) dialog: ...He's turned by now.
40) 0) text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almos horizontal positions. Ready themselves for sleep. Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van. He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direct Homer shoves up into the one beneath. Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket over his head. Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder. He gazes up into her eyes. Suddenly very tired. Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time. He fights to keep his eyes open. They shut. Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket. Sleep steals her too.
43) 1) dialog: ...I'1l look after him.
43) 3) dialog: I turned him. I'm teachin' him. 28
51) 1) text: The Travelall pulls into the parking structure. Zooming through the cement catacombs. Swerving into a parking spot. Shutting its engine. All doors pop open. They all climb out. And stretch their legs. Jesse turns a grey eye on the farmboy. A faint grin wrinkles across that epic face. Caleb swallows. 31 Mae comes up beside him. Weaving her fingers through his hand. The farmboy watches as the others take off into the night Each heading in separate directions.
52) 0) text: Caleb and Mae walk along the empty, lonely street beneath yellowish glow of the mercury vapor light. City lights glisten up ahead.
52) 2) dialog: I'll show you.
52) 4) dialog: There. She nods toward the city in front of her.
52) 6) dialog: I'll show you. His eyes dim. A nausea welling up inside him.
52) 8) dialog: I know. He looks at her. Probing inside those ice blue eyes. Then down at himself. The burns on his arms healed. His clothes singed. Another wave of nausea. It makes him want to scream. He stops in his tracks. 32
52) 11) dialog: Caleb, you won't get very far. From halfway down the street he looks back. Hurt, anger and fear streaking his face.
52) 13) dialog: You know where I'll be.
52) 15) dialog: Before long. Caleb lifts a hand in a slight wave. Casting a last look at the girl. And her melting gaze. Then he is gone. The night moves on. Mae stands still.
59) 0) text: Caleb staggers out of the stairwell. Stumbling toward the light green Travelall. Sitting on the bumper, in bare feet, is Mae. A soft smile crosses his face. Caleb stops in front of her. Losing his balance. Weakening.
59) 2) dialog: You're just in time. 37 In the shadow of the overhand Mae rises to her feet befor Caleb. Her ice blue eyes fix on his. She lifts her hand to her mouth. Turning a glistening white wrist to her lips. And sinks her teeth into the skin.
59) 4) dialog: Drink. The aroma filling his nostrils. Giving him strength. The strength giving him pleasure. Seizing him. Like two arms, kidnapping his senses. As his lips look on the gaping wound of her wrist and her begins to fill his veins. He clutches her with both hands, rolling the fabric of he blouse into his fists. Hearing the pounding rhythm of her heart. BABUM. . .BABUM. . .BABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUM. Getting faster. A kind of frenzy passing behind his eyes. The blood in his own veins running hot. Stimulated. Stirred.
59) 5) dialog: I asked you to listen to the night... now listen to me.
59) 7) dialog: Look... the night. Caleb blinks. Eyes bright. Feeling fine. Not sure of what to make of it. He squints around him. Never has the night looked as it does. He stares spellbound. A fine layer of lunar luminescence falls from the sky. The city shimmering as never before. The very electrical pulse visible as it travels through t air. He blinks. Turning toward the fields. He can see Owls in the air many miles away. Coyotes on the run across the barren tundra impossibly fa Fieldmice scuttle. Rabbits skiddadle. Racoons clamber across the brushy flatlands. 39 Caleb whirls around and around. Giggling. Then laughing. Unable to help himself. In love with the newness of the night. He stops.
59) 8) dialog: Now hear it.... His head flicks back to the city. Suddenly, VIBRATING with SOUND. CAR HORNS. ELECTRICITY TRAVELING ACROSS WIRES. TICKING OF STREET LIGHTS. HISSING OF GAS LINES. He revolves his head. To the fields. He shuts his eyes. Opens his ears. A SYMPHONY of NIGHT SOUNDS sweep in on him.
59) 9) dialog: Come on. She leaps over the small barrier of the parking structure runs out into the farmlands. Caleb on her heels.
60) 0) text: Mae and Caleb running deep into the fields. Running like never before. Limbs flying effortlessly, galloping like the wind, almos airborne, covering miles in a matter of minutes. Caleb listening. A RUSH of BREEZES and WINDS whipping along the plains. The WALL of INSECTS in the AIR. The SCUTTLING of small animal FEET on the DIRT. The BRUSH of BUSHES swaying in the BREEZE. The CRY of COYOTES. Then again. COYOTES CRY. CRY. CRY. CRY. Caleb throws his head back. Cracks a grin. He lets out a YIPPING CRY himself. Mae's face widens in a smile. Throwing her head back. Letting out a trilling CRY. 40 The COYOTES yell back. Caleb and Mae see them in a pack, scampering across the l They run after them. CRYING out, loud as their lungs will allow. A far off TRAIN WHISTLE. The shadow of a big Freight Train on the horizon. The boy and girl's legs propelling them forward with fier speed. Like two steel springs. Their faces flushed with emotion as they catch up with th COYOTES on the run. The strong, tan canines regard their new escorts as a kin spirit. Flashing their dark eyes at them in scraggy acknowledgeme YIPPING at them. Caleb and Mae YIP back. Barreling across the badlands with the running Coyotes. The padding paws. The cowboy boots slapping the ground. Then suddenly catching up with the big Freight Train. The boy and girl running side by side with the double eng locomotive. The strange strength powering their limbs to stay abreast The lowered, brown maned wolfish heads at their heels. The Coyotes YIPPING. The train WHISTLE BLOWING. Caleb and Mae's faces bright and hot blooded.
73) 0) text: A long, two lane stretch of blacktop into infinity. Broken white lines beneath the black void of the starless Caleb storms along the roadside. The Texaco Truckstop receding behind him. His tortured, conflicting emotions tearing him apart at t seams. He shuts his eyes. 45 Puts his hands on his ears. Screams. His lungs out. Hastening as fast as he can along the empty night road. A pair of headlights brighten on him. A truck THUNDERS past. The AFTERBLOW sweeping his clothes. It's passing headlights revealing the figure of a girl hu after him. Mae rushes up the side of the road. Keeping pace with the anxiety-ridden boy. It is just the two of them way below the roof of the nigh
73) 1) dialog: I wanted to go home, too. Mae stops and stands. Caleb doesn't walk much further. He turns to face her.
73) 4) dialog: So was I. But don't be... Feel it. Feel what's in you. He meets her eyes. Eyes like fire in the night.
73) 6) dialog: It'll take time. But you're in my hands, you'll be fine. He looks at those hands, then into that face. 46
73) 8) dialog: Anything we want. She unveils her pearly whites in a sweet smile full of pr
73) 9) dialog: To the end of time. His eyes travel up to the stars. Hers follow his gaze. Their eyes meet in a head on collision. Lips coming together. A truck RAGES past. AFTERBLOW whippping up their clothes and hair. Headlights exploding over them. Heat of the moment. The truck's taillights fade. They are alone in the big dark wide open spaces. Their lips part.
73) 10) dialog: You have to learn to kill.
73) 12) dialog: You want to die?
73) 14) dialog: Don't think of it as killing. Don't think at all. Use your instinct. A Car passes. Headlights flare.
74) 1) dialog: ...It's just something you do, night after night. It's only evera question of how... Homer's eyes blink open. He throws his incredibly strong little arms around the ma shoulders. Pinning him while he sinks his teeth into the startled passerby's neck. The headlights of the car silhouetting them. Homer has a bicycle laying on the ground nearby. The tires still spinning.
75) 0) text: Caleb and Mae walking along the shoulder of the road.
75) 2) dialog: Instinct.
76) 2) dialog: It takes time.
76) 4) dialog: Never know, might even get to like it.
78) 2) dialog: You can drown in it.
78) 4) dialog: That's because you have to---
78) 6) dialog: The night has its price. The Silvered One gives a glance to the Pale One.
82) 2) dialog: Good. Caleb smiles as the Cajun Trucker brings three bottles of out of a bag on the floor by his boots.
86) 0) text: An oil pump dips and rises. Mae stands before it. A gentle WIND ruffling her dress. Caleb is kneeling at her feet. His lips fastened on her wrist. Sucking. 55 Drinking. Sucking. Drinking. The fury almost rocking his body. A rabid fierceness with which he feeds. Mae gently strokes his head. Then nudges him away. He is locked tight. Draining her. Hearts pounding. She pushes with all her might. Rips his lips free. Her glistening eyes on his hungry face.
86) 1) dialog: You could kill me if you drink too much. His upturned eyes gaping at her face. Mind spinning. Gulping air. The black night hangs heavy above. Stars dapple the surface. The oil pump keeps rising and falling.
91) 1) text: The Savage One throws the farmboy up against the wall, pi him with that same vice grip around the throat. Caleb sucks wind. Looking around him at the semi circle of darkening faces. To the icy blue eyes behind them. To Mae. His eyes plead. Hers tremor. She makes a move. Jesse revolves his silver head and gives her a look. Not a nice look. She freezes. Caleb stops breathing. The Silvered One moves forward.
91) 6) dialog: He needs more time, Jesse. Those steely eyes shift from the quivering farmboy to Mae A lip curls back. 58
94) 31) dialog: Please dance with me. She leads him in a simple, shuffling, slow dance. Winding her hands down his back. Tenderly. The side of her face by the side of his. She turns him so that she can see Caleb over his shoulder The farmboy looks at her. Not liking that she is dancing with the other boy. He stands up off the stool. The COUNTRY MELODY permeating the abattoir of a barroom. The two of them dancing. She fingers the Cowboy Teenager's hair. His eyes are blank. Caleb comes toward them. Behind the boy's back. Mae slowly bobs and weaves with the boy on the floor. 66 Her eyes fixed to Caleb over his shoulder. Her lips turn up in a smile.
94) 32) dialog: He's for you, Caleb. The farmboy looks around him to see all the eyes of the o on him. He looks at Mae. Knows it's now or never. He puts his hand on the boy's shoulder. The Cowboy Teenager screams his lungs out. He rips free of Mae. Covers his head with his arms. Dives headfirst through the neon Budweiser sign on the wi Caleb jumps out the window after him.
94) 33) dialog: Get him, Caleb. The others grab her and get busy. Homer picks up the book of matches and strikes them one b chucking them onto the sawdust on the floor. Fires shoot up. Severen and Jesse make Molotov Cocktails out of the bottl the bar. Hurling them in combustion explosions of alcohol fire aga the walls. They torch the place and steal out the front doors.
97) 9) text: Mae closes her eyes. The Dodge Camper streaking down the road. The sun now just ducking below the horizon. A tremor of fear rippling through every face. Blankets being tossed around. Tentacles of light piercing the glass. It looks like it hurts. Mae breathes deep. Lifts a strong face to the front. 69
97) 10) dialog: You gonna talk, Jess, or you gonna get us out of the sun? Jesse looks at her through low lidded eyes.
103) 1) text: Blackness. Curtains pulled tight. A deathly quiet. Six slumbering bodies. Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair. Mae curled up in his arms. Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed. Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall. Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in bathtub. A pillow over his face. A hard KNOCK on the front door. Homer throws the pillow from his face. Opens a sleepy lid. A VOICE from behind the door.
107) 1) text: A RIFLEBLAST rips two holes in the walls by Jesse's head reloads. Pinpricks of light blaze across the room. The Silvered One dives out of the way. A mirror on the wall fractures the light. Homer gets hit on the hand by a deflected ray. Skin bursts into flames. He yelps, running out of the way. Homer lifts his .38 to the window and starts pumping off Jesse shoots out the mirror to splintered glass smitheree Bullet holes swiss cheese the walls and roof. EXPLOSIONS of GUNFIRE rip through the wallpaper. Needles and lances of bright sunlight cats cradle the roo 74 The day comes through the holes and punctures in a maze o funnels. The six inside desperately keep up their volleys of gunfi They dodge, dive, duck and avoid the laser beams of light continue to cordon off the areas of the room they can mov fight back in. Caleb's gun isn't loaded and while he is popping in shell stray round from outside hits the box and scatters the cartridges. He glances over, while he frantically retrieves the bulle see Mae emptying her cute little .22 out the window along Homer. BULLETS RICHOCHET around the room with a piercing WHINE. The farmboy looks up and sees the rear window. The Camper is parked outside it. He thinks fast.
113) 0) text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her wit body. Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back compartment. Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back fo open rear window. Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his s body. BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as assault continues from outside. One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
120) 0) text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of bucks taps him on the shoulder. He loses control of the wheel for a second. The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him. He regains command of the Camper. Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt. 79 Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the excruciating sunlight. The wound in his shoulder already healing up. The boy holding up as well as he can. Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae, Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the fly bullets and piercing sunshine spears. Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield
128) 0) text: The door opens tentatively. Caleb climbs out of the bullet-riddled vehicle onto solid ground. A little unsteady on his feet. Looking every bit the wounded warrior who has returned in piece. His skin charred and seared. Injuries that will heal. He lets out a sigh and blinks his eyes. A sort of smile as he sees Jesse, Mae, Diamondback and li Homer step out of the rear door and onto the road. They all regard one another with relief. Mae runs to Caleb and they embrace. Jesse claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
138) 1) text: Jesse closes the door behind him. Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms. Homer plops down on the bed. Caleb and Mae sink into a couch. Relief and quiet fall over them. The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him. In a good way. That isn't good at all. Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
138) 13) dialog: Caleb, let's go take a look at the night. 85 He follows her out the door. Diamondback watches them leave with a smile on her face. Homer flicks on the television set. A late night religious program flickers across the screen Severen pulls a deck of cards out of his jacket and begin shuffling them. Jesse lights a fresh cigarette, taking a seat across from Severen. The Savage One starts to deal a hand.
139) 0) text: The silver spur CLICKS softly as Caleb walks beside Mae a the narrow walkway of the Motel. They veer off the parking lot and head out into the green pasture behind the building.
140) 1) text: A burst of stars. One falls. Mae takes hold of Caleb's hand.
140) 2) dialog: Well you're one of us now, Caleb.
140) 4) dialog: Ain't exactly sure.
140) 6) dialog: Guess so. He looks at her. They walk on.
144) 0) text: Heat lightning in a sky like some enchanted landscape. Caleb and Mae very small beneath as they walk hand and ha
144) 2) dialog: I'm beginning to forget what it was like. You.
164) 0) text: Caleb cracks open the front door. A slash of yellow light pours onto the wooden boards of t porch. He swings open the screen door. The swing rocking back and forth on the rafters. The girl sitting on it. Waiting for him. Mae's eyes like a clear, sunny summer sky. The farmboy stands there. Listening to his heart beat. His face opens in a smile. Her voice like a bell.
164) 1) dialog: Hi, Caleb. Caleb's soft brown eyes float over the girl's face. She rises to her feet. The swing becomes silent. A cool breeze blows through the porch. Mae starts to walk to Caleb. The farmboy stiffens. His blood starts to pump in his veins. Hot. He quivers at the sight of her. She advances. Caleb takes a step back. Mae stops.
164) 2) dialog: Caleb? What's wrong? He can't take his eyes off her. Something shatters across the farmboy's face. His eyes becoming wet. He grits his teeth. Coming forward like a rush of air. Gathering the girl tight in his arms. She winds her hands around his neck. 106 They hold onto one another as if for life's breath. Reunited. They stare into each other's eyes. Her hand touches his. She pulls her arm back like she was stung. Wrestling away from him. Her eyes stabbing into his face.
164) 3) dialog: Your skin, it's warm! She glances down at her hands that just withdrew from the Caleb swallows. Takes a step toward the girl. It's her turn to back. Down the steps of the porch. Onto the dirt driveway. Her eyes blank, fixed on him. Caleb remains on the edge of the porch. Night long and black all around them.
164) 5) dialog: What's it going to be, Caleb? Caleb starts to speak. Then stops. The wind picks up force. Mae takes one last look at him. She spins on her heels. And moves off into the night. A ferocity carrying her limbs out of sight. Caleb lifts his head to the sky. Pinching his eyes closed. Opening his mouth. And screaming her name.
164) 7) dialog: To deaf ears. Eyes straining into the blackness. The girl is long gone. On the empty fields, only the CHANTING WHIRR of insects. Caleb turns back to the house and walks with heavy steps. He rips open the screen door. And goes inside. 107
176) 11) dialog: 114 Mae whirls on Jesse with a fierceness in her eyes.
176) 12) dialog: Jesse, let him come back! The silvered hair ripples with a slight toss of his head.
180) 0) text: Caleb almost has his hands on Jesse. Diamondback raises the blade behind her head. Mae is too scared to speak. The car door bursts open and the little girl runs wildly the street. The farmboy spots her. She spots Diamondback in the nick of time.
182) 0) text: Jesse squints into the fields and sees them hurrying off. He bounds to the Station Wagon and shoves Diamondback in alongside Homer. Mae stands alone on the road. Her face a maze of emotions. The Silvered One slides behind the wheel and REVS on the HONKS the HORN.
182) 2) dialog: She hesitates. Her eyes spill with tears as she ducks into the car. It takes off in a SCREECH of TIRES. Rocketing off the road.
186) 0) text: Jesse's hands tighten around the wheel as he accelerates the road. Diamondback glances toward the back seat. Homer hugs a struggling breathless Sarah to his chest. Face beaming. Mae turns her eys to the back window. Jesse's gaze flits to the sky.
188) 0) text: Mae's eyes still holding out the back window. She sees the speck that is Caleb running after them. Rapidly receding. An agony races behind her gaze. She glances over at Sarah. Homer holding a hand over the little girl's mouth and pus the hair from the sun warmed skin of her neck. Mae turns back to the window.
190) 0) text: Jesse looks worried as he eyes the sky. Mae returns her sight to Caleb, a mere spot on the road. Something in her erupts. She leaps out of her seat. Ripping Sarah from Homer's grasp. Scrambling over the backseat. Smashing her arm into the back window. Glass spiderwebbing. She dives out of the moving vehicle with the little girl arms.
191) 0) text: Sunrise. Mae slams onto the pavement. Shielding Sarah from the impact with her body. The Station Wagon brakes in an ear-splitting SCREECH of T Mae and Sarah claw to their feet and start to run to Cale Sunlight beginning to singe Mae's skin. Caleb's face widens in an unbelieving stare. He takes off for them as fast as his feet will carry him. Lungs bleeding. Mae and Sarah putting some yardage between them and the W 119 Caleb getting close. From out of the rear window of the Station Wagon, Homer a Leaping onto the pavement and breaking into a dead run. Skin beginning to smoke. Mae's skin starting to smoke. Her eyes starting to close. Her feet staggering along the asphalt. The sun cresting the rim of the world. A wall of light like a blazing wave. Her eyes roll up in their sockets. Sarah scampers with all her strength toward her approachi brother. Homer overtakes Mae, screaming in anguish. His hands stretch out to snatch Sarah. Shimmering rays of sun alighting on his body. Igniting like the head of a match. The sparks licking into the air. Then dissolving into pure ash. Inches away from the little girl. As she throws her arms around her brother. And he sweeps her up in his own. Mae is smoking in the sun. Her legs give out from under her. She collapses on the pavement. Caleb throws off his jacket and dives on top of her with Using his coat and his body to completely shield her from sun. Stroking her hair with his hand. Shushing her.
193) 0) text: Sarah buries her eyes in her hands at the sight of Homer. Caleb adjusts himself so that he covers every bit of Mae' Tucking his jacket around her face and kissing her hair. An ENGINE NOISE makes him lift his head. He looks into the nose of the Station Wagon bearing down He sucks wind. Shouts to his sister.
194) 1) text: Blinding eruption of blazing daylight. A pair of hands have thrown open the shutters. The sun so high in the sky splashing the room with light. Caleb stands aside, anxiously watching someone on the tab Mae is spread out. The blood transfusion apparatus rising above her. A bandage on her arm. The weakened, wearied farmboy fingers a bandage on his ow Sarah and Loy stand by, waiting. Caleb walks over to the girl and lightly shakes her. After a moment her eyes open. She sees the sun staring her in the face. 121 She cries out. Mae grabs onto Caleb's shirt and clings to him desperatel Then she realizes. She isn't burning. Her eyes jump to Caleb's. The farmboy gives his sister and his father a smile. He hugs his girl to him. Her breathless whisper in his ear.
194) 2) dialog: What's happening?
195) 0) text: A wall of sunlight on the pastoral fields at high noon. The animals in the pens. Dogs scampering about. Caleb walks through the fields with Mae on his arm. She just starts giggling. Looking around her. Smelling the fresh air. Seeing all the daytime farm sights. Caleb puts his arm around her. He's been there.