55) 1) text: The boy is walked into the shadowy locker area by the Plainclothes Police Officer.
101) 1) text: The sun high in the cloudless sky. In the courtyard between the bungalows, a DOG barks, play And scampers after a stick. He brings it back in his mouth to a bright and bushy tail SMALL BOY in sneakers and shorts. An ELDERLY COUPLE rock back and forth on the front porch of the bungalows. A laid-back, lazy morning. The Dodge Camper sits behind one of the quiet bungalows. The black paint baking in the hot sun. The little boy hurls the stick. It soars through the air. The pooch scrambles after it. The stick lands. The dog pads after it. A hand picks it up. The dog wags its tail. A POLICE OFFICER with a shotgun under his arm is holding stick. Three Patrol Cars creep into the courtyard, tires CRUMBLI gravel. The Policeman hurls the stick way in the other direction. The dog runs after it out of harm's way. The small boy is motioned onto the porch of his Grandpare cottage. 71 The Elderly Couple rise to their feet, holding the small them. The Police Officer gestures for the three Patrol Cars to him. The Cowboy Teenager is sitting in the backseat of one of cars, pointing nervously to the Camper and nodding. The Police Officer aims his eyes at the bungalow at the e the Travel Courts.
102) 1) text: The three Patrol Cars mobilize in a fan formation around front porch. One more PATROL CAR moves into position out back. The doors are flung open. Assault rifles are readied in the arms of SEVEN COPS. Aiming at the walls and windows of the sleeping bungalow. Everything so quiet and calm on this nice summer morning BIRDS TWEETING. The Police Officer walks up to the front door. And KNOCKS.
103) 2) dialog: This is the police! Come out with your hands up! Severen's eyes pop open. Jesse leaps out of bed. Mae raises her head. Homer runs into the room. Diamondback rises to her feet. 72
103) 3) dialog: (0.S.)
103) 9) dialog: (0.S.)
106) 1) text: The Seven Police Officers let loose with their assault ri Ravaging the walls and shattered windows with SHOTS. The air split by a DEAFENING DIN of gunfire.