31) 0) text: LOY and SARAH COLTON have come outside to start their day The father is a man in his middle years, with weathered s white hair on a face and body worn by a life on the land. He is holding his six year old daughter in his arms. Golden hair on a pretty, pug nosed face. Loy is holding a cup of coffee. Sippng it as he looks out on the morning lands with his b girl. Sky brightening.
33) 0) text: Loy Colton squints out into the lands. Sees the stick figure way out there. Sarah stretches her teeny arm and points. Jumps up and down.
33) 1) dialog: Lookit, Daddy. Caleb.
35) 0) text: Loy stops waving. His face falls. Sarah snags his shirt sleeve. Alarmed.
35) 1) dialog: Is something wrong with Caleb?
37) 1) dialog: Caleb!
41) 0) text: Sun burning hot and bright on a sign reading, "Loy Colton Veterinarian." A POLICE CAR sitting in front of the farmhouse. Down in the field Loy cradles Sarah in his arms and gazes straight into SHERIFF EAKERS face. The Sheriff tucks a couple of thumbs in the belt around h landslide girth. Tilting an eye.
64) 1) text: The father quietly pushes open the door. Peeks in. Little Sarah asleep on her big brother's bed. Hugging onto his beat up cowboy hat. Loy blinks away a tear. He turns his back and starts to go out. A small voice stops him.
64) 2) dialog: Good mornin', Daddy. He comes over to her.
64) 5) dialog: I sleep some. You sleep little?
64) 7) dialog: Me too. She meets his eyes.
64) 8) dialog: ...He needs us. Loy takes Sarah's hand.
66) 1) text: A hole in the wall. A small computer bank on the desk by the telephone. A few wanted posters and postal warrants on the board. Sheriff Eakers shakes his head as he stabs a cigarette ou ash tray full of butts. He lifts tired eyes to Loy Colton, sitting across the des Sarah in her father's lap.
66) 7) dialog: You don't care about Caleb.
66) 9) dialog: Don't call me honey. We don't need you police or nothing. Caleb don't need you neither. He needs us. 43 The little girl puts her hands on the table. Leaning over to put her face by the Sheriff's, who is inc to lean back a bit.
66) 10) dialog: We're gonna go an' get him ourselves. The Sheriff gets up out of his seat. He walks over to the water cooler. Pours himself a cup. Chuckling to himself. His back to them.
69) 0) text: Loy is behind the wheel. His eyes riveted to the road. He puts an arm around Sarah. Brings her to him. Hugs her close. She looks up at him.
69) 2) dialog: I know we will. She hugs her father's arm. He ruffles her hair. Then reaches under the seat. 44
87) 1) text: A cloverleaf of freeways through the window. Sarah and Loy are eating breakfast at one of the booths. The little girl clicks open a pen and starts sketching a but recognizable picture of her brother on the back of hi horse. She starts to cry. Loy pushes away his plate of an uneaten hamburger and rea across the table. He cups her little face in his hands.
88) 1) text: Loy holds Sarah in his arms, the telephone receiver to hi
88) 6) dialog: We found him, Daddy?
136) 1) text: The Chevy Pickup drives past the roadsign. The small figures of Loy and Sarah inside.
143) 1) text: Sarah Colton is dressed in her grey flannel pajamas. She gazes at the soda machine, trying to decide which one have. The cold flourescent light bathes her small, heart shaped Her golden hair touseled around her face from sleep. She hits the Orange Crush button. The dull THUD of a can hitting the deck. She lifts it out. Pops it open. Turns her face to the small boy staring at her several fe away. She furrows her brow.
143) 2) dialog: It's impolite to stare. Homer's face cracks open in a wide smile as he takes a st toward her.
143) 5) dialog: Sarah.
143) 7) dialog: I do what I want to when I want to do it. She turns and starts for the stairs. His eyes follow her.
145) 2) dialog: Boy, you people sure stay up late. 88 Severen grins slyly.
145) 7) dialog: Just my daddy. Jesse's gaze brushes over her small face.
145) 9) dialog: Un, number three. She goes back to the television. Jesse gives a look to Severen. The Savage One rises to his feet, laying his cards face d the table. And slips out the door. The television screen turns to blank fuzz. Homer spins the knob on the television.
145) 11) dialog: I better be going' anyhow. She takes a step toward the door. Homer jumps to his feet.
145) 14) dialog: I oughta punch your lights out. 90
145) 16) dialog: Oh... She throws her arms around him, sobbing happily. The farmboy clutches her to his chest with all he's worth His lips form words. With a smile that passes from the world of the dead to th of the living. It takes a moment before he acknowledges all the strange he is receiving.
145) 55) dialog: Daddy, did I do that? Caleb wrenches a blanket off the bed. Covers himself with it. He grabs his father and sister in his arms.
146) 1) text: Loy and Sarah hustle Caleb's blanketed body to the Chevy Pulling open the darkened rear compartment. The farmboy clambers in amongst all the veterinary equipm
148) 2) dialog: What's the matter with you, Caleb? Pedal to the metal.
157) 1) text: Loy is stroking his boy's head with a wet cloth. His own body severely weakened from loss of blood. He slumps in a chair. Trying to fight the urge to sleep. Sheer will keeping him awake. He stares down at his boy. And prays. He tries one last time to wake his son. 100 Lifting him on his chest. Caleb's head lolls to one side. Loy starts to weep. His hands trembling. The kitchen door cracks open. Two small eyes peer up. Loy snaps his eyes to the door. Sarah starts to cry.
157) 2) dialog: Daddy... Loy lets his son back down on the table. A rage reddening his features. He turns his back on the boy. Sarah rushes to his side. Winding two arms around his leg. Sobbing. Loy scoops his daughter up in his arms. Walks toward the back door. And throws is open. Taking a big gulp of the new morning air as a bolt of sun falls in a clean stripe across the floor. Hitting Caleb on the face. He moans. Loy and Sarah turn. Their faces widen. The farmboy clutches his face with his hands. The sun hot on his skin. Then something happens. Nothing. His skin isn't burning. There is no smoke. He slowly draws his hands away looking at them unhurt in light of day. Slowly sitting up. Staring into the daytime sky. Blinking. Hardly believing. He's come home. From the warmth seeping through his haggard features, he' away a long time. His sister runs to his side. Eyes wandering up to his. His hand strokes her hair. The two of them in the rising flood of sunshine. Tears in his eyes. Loy walks over. Putting his hand on his son's shoulder. Smiling. Spent, wrung-out, but wearing a shiteating grin on his fa 101 He pulls his son to him. They share a hug. Sunlight streaming in as it rises about the horizon out t door.
158) 2) dialog: "Kay.
159) 0) text: The sun is low. The horse gnawing at the grass in the wide, open field. Caleb and Sarah lie in one another's arms, fast asleep on ground. Unaware of the time. The farmboy's eyes drowsily open. Focusing blurrily on the ghost of a moon visible in the b sky. Suddenly he sits up with a start. A shiver running through him as he sees the sun is well o way down. Day has become his friend now. Night worse than his worst enemy. Bringing more than mere darkness with it. Night still a few hours off. But the horizon is darkening. Caleb squints in the distance. There seems to be some sort of shadow on the horizonline. The farmboy blinks and it is gone. He picks up his little sister. Frightened, he wakes her up and places her on the back of horse.
159) 1) dialog: What's wrong, Caleb?
159) 3) dialog: Why?
161) 0) text: Loy is standing by the stove. Dinner cooking. The smells seeming to rejuvinate him, although his appear remains weakened and worn down. The screen door SLAMS. Caleb and Sarah enter the room. Loy smiles at the boy.
163) 1) text: They all eat in silence. An exchange of looks. Caleb eating very slowly. Sarah draining a glass of milk with a straw. Then blowing bubbles. Loy and Caleb look over. She smiles up at them mischievously. A breeze blows through the kitchen window. The curtains flutter. Sarah yawns.
163) 2) dialog: I'm tired. Her dinner almost completely devoured. Loy looks over at his daughter with tired eyes.
163) 4) dialog: I want Caleb to read to me.
166) 0) text: Caleb pauses in front of Sarah's door and gives a small k
166) 4) dialog: Caleb's eyes race to the window and beyond. The town of Fix, Oklahoma glittering in the distance. And then one by one the lights of the town begin to go off A last one winks. And goes out. The wind comes in through the open window. Something mythic on the wings of the wind. Caleb Colton stands by the window, staring out. His hair and clothes blown about. His eyes riveted on the black shadow of the town of Fix a the night skies. Those who have taken his sister are there. He knows he must face them. His eyes hard. His face firming in resolve.
177) 0) text: Sarah takes her fingers away from the hi-beam switch. Turns her tear soaked face to Homer. Who is crawling over the front seat. Trying his level best to be charming.
179) 0) text: Sarah clubs Homer over the head with the flashlight. A startled Homer breaks his grip for an instant. In that instant, Sarah rips open the Station Wagon door a tears outside.
180) 1) dialog: Caleb!!! Look out!!! Caleb ducks. Diamondback throws the knife. It plunges through the air. Imbedding in Jesse's face. The Pale One gasps. The Silvered One snarls in anger, pulling out the blade. Caleb dives through the burning wreckage of the truck to his baby sister up in his arms and carry her off into the Jesse takes one handed aim on their fleeing figures with Colt Peacemaker. Finger closing on the trigger. Mae knocks into him as the gun GOES OFF. Bullet hitting air. The Silvered One whirls on the girl in a red-faced rage. She averts her eyes.
181) 0) text: Caleb takes off into the flatlands that surround the town 116 Sarah in his arms with her own arms wrapped around his ne Burying her scared face in his chest. Full moon high and mighty.
183) 0) text: The distant frantic YIPPING of coyotes. Tall grasses bending in the wind. Dust trailing up beneath Caleb's footsteps as he plunders forward. A flat black twist of sky that shows signs of paling at t edges. Sarah is tight in his arms. His breathing in loud gasps. He gulps air. The terrain dipping and rising. Holes and ruts. He trips. Falling face first in the dirt. Sarah goes sprawling to the ground in a heap.
185) 1) dialog: 
186) 0) text: Jesse's hands tighten around the wheel as he accelerates the road. Diamondback glances toward the back seat. Homer hugs a struggling breathless Sarah to his chest. Face beaming. Mae turns her eys to the back window. Jesse's gaze flits to the sky.
188) 0) text: Mae's eyes still holding out the back window. She sees the speck that is Caleb running after them. Rapidly receding. An agony races behind her gaze. She glances over at Sarah. Homer holding a hand over the little girl's mouth and pus the hair from the sun warmed skin of her neck. Mae turns back to the window.
190) 0) text: Jesse looks worried as he eyes the sky. Mae returns her sight to Caleb, a mere spot on the road. Something in her erupts. She leaps out of her seat. Ripping Sarah from Homer's grasp. Scrambling over the backseat. Smashing her arm into the back window. Glass spiderwebbing. She dives out of the moving vehicle with the little girl arms.
191) 0) text: Sunrise. Mae slams onto the pavement. Shielding Sarah from the impact with her body. The Station Wagon brakes in an ear-splitting SCREECH of T Mae and Sarah claw to their feet and start to run to Cale Sunlight beginning to singe Mae's skin. Caleb's face widens in an unbelieving stare. He takes off for them as fast as his feet will carry him. Lungs bleeding. Mae and Sarah putting some yardage between them and the W 119 Caleb getting close. From out of the rear window of the Station Wagon, Homer a Leaping onto the pavement and breaking into a dead run. Skin beginning to smoke. Mae's skin starting to smoke. Her eyes starting to close. Her feet staggering along the asphalt. The sun cresting the rim of the world. A wall of light like a blazing wave. Her eyes roll up in their sockets. Sarah scampers with all her strength toward her approachi brother. Homer overtakes Mae, screaming in anguish. His hands stretch out to snatch Sarah. Shimmering rays of sun alighting on his body. Igniting like the head of a match. The sparks licking into the air. Then dissolving into pure ash. Inches away from the little girl. As she throws her arms around her brother. And he sweeps her up in his own. Mae is smoking in the sun. Her legs give out from under her. She collapses on the pavement. Caleb throws off his jacket and dives on top of her with Using his coat and his body to completely shield her from sun. Stroking her hair with his hand. Shushing her.
193) 0) text: Sarah buries her eyes in her hands at the sight of Homer. Caleb adjusts himself so that he covers every bit of Mae' Tucking his jacket around her face and kissing her hair. An ENGINE NOISE makes him lift his head. He looks into the nose of the Station Wagon bearing down He sucks wind. Shouts to his sister.
194) 1) text: Blinding eruption of blazing daylight. A pair of hands have thrown open the shutters. The sun so high in the sky splashing the room with light. Caleb stands aside, anxiously watching someone on the tab Mae is spread out. The blood transfusion apparatus rising above her. A bandage on her arm. The weakened, wearied farmboy fingers a bandage on his ow Sarah and Loy stand by, waiting. Caleb walks over to the girl and lightly shakes her. After a moment her eyes open. She sees the sun staring her in the face. 121 She cries out. Mae grabs onto Caleb's shirt and clings to him desperatel Then she realizes. She isn't burning. Her eyes jump to Caleb's. The farmboy gives his sister and his father a smile. He hugs his girl to him. Her breathless whisper in his ear.