38) 0) text: The sun is a twisted green ball through the glass windshi It's deadly rays leaking inside. Caleb twists a groggy face upward, lifting his lids. To see the sharp bladed rowel of a shining silver spur st against his throat. It is connected to a boot. Attached to a steamshovel of a leg in black jeans. Part of the body of a stapping sinewy man with a mean, sk face and eyes like dead meat. SEVEREN VAN SICKLE.
38) 1) dialog: Howdy . He puts pressure on the spur, pricking flesh.
38) 2) dialog: ...I'm gonna separate your head from yer shoulders. Hope ya don't mindnone. Caleb gags. A snarl from somebody beneath a blanket behind the wheel. Severen grunts and reluctantly looses the pressure on the bit. Mae heaves a blanket over Caleb who isn't moving a single solitary muscle. His eyes jump to the driver, who is speeding the Winnebag flat-out 100. JESSE HOOKER's head swivels over his shoulder, deeply hoo a blanket and eyes covered by very black welding glasses. A guantly handsome man with a face like the flip side of nickel and a long mane of hair the color of burnished pew
38) 6) dialog: Let me do it, Jesse, let me tap dance on it, woncha Jess? It'll be so good.
38) 14) dialog: Ain't what's goin' on, son. It's what's coming off. Your face. Clean off. Severen's face splits with a smile like a cut neck. Slashing out with his spur for Caleb's throat to lay it w open. Mae suddenly puts her face in front of the farmboy's. The Savage One stops his spur an inch from her pretty pal throat. She holds his gaze.
38) 16) dialog: How you figure that? Mae yanks Caleb's head aside, displaying the red ringed t marks in his neck.
38) 19) dialog: Aw shit, Jess. If he's turned...
40) 0) text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almos horizontal positions. Ready themselves for sleep. Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van. He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direct Homer shoves up into the one beneath. Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket over his head. Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder. He gazes up into her eyes. Suddenly very tired. Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time. He fights to keep his eyes open. They shut. Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket. Sleep steals her too.
43) 4) dialog: Risky as shit, Jess. He fucks up, it's our ass.
43) 9) dialog: Cut the shit. I know you're awake. I can smell it. All eyes turn to him. Eyes that can see in the dark. Caleb opens his eyes. Severen gets to his feet. Stands over him. Whips out a straightrazer. The farmboy's stomach tightens. Severen spits on his palm. Smears the saliva over his rough hewn face. Starts shaving himself with the open blade, slicing whisk
43) 10) dialog: ...Amazin' how fast they get dull. The Savage One sticks out his hand. Yanks the farmboy to his feet. 29 Homer unlatches his handcuff. Caleb rubs his wrist.
43) 14) dialog: Guess what?
43) 18) dialog: Severen Van Sickle's the name. Diamondback flexes her wrist. Shooting her pearl handled blade out of her cuff and into hand. She flexes her wrist. The blade drops back in her jacket. She flexes her wrist again. Blade in hand.
46) 0) text: Severen moves silently through the rows of vehicles in th safety of shadow with a well practised ease.
76) 1) text: A pair of drifting, distant headlights pin Severen standi the side of the road with his thumb extended. The crisp white shirt over his long, lean muscles, button to his throat, a string tie with a turquoise clasp at the collar. An inviting grin on his face. He runs a palm over his hair to smooth it back. His black eyes gleam. The headlights grow bright and flood his face. His grin widens. As he looks in through the windshield of an approaching d Black Pickup. Severen nods. The Pickup slows. Kicking up dirt and gravel as it slams into the shoulder on ramp.
76) 5) dialog: "Evenin'. The two blonde, curly haired LADIES smile out at him with adventure in their eyes. The one in the passenger seat slides next to the driver. Her small, whispery voice floats out to the stranger on t road.
76) 8) dialog: It would be my pleasure and honor to invite you two, sweet, lovely ladies for a drink.
90) 1) text: Caleb's head pushed closer and closer to the spark spitti wheels. Gritting his teeth, his eyes bulging up into Severen's fa The Savage One's hand in a vice grip around the farmboy's forcing him halfway out of the open box car. Sparks hitting Caleb's face. 57 He struggles beneath the remorseless grip. His strength no match for Severen's. In a ragged snarl Severen heaves the boy back up by the n
91) 3) dialog: Or I'm gonna get my wet dream, boy. Caleb swallows. Homer smacks his lips.
94) 0) text: As soon as the six of them walk in, the place stops. A BIKER at the jukebox keeps his quarter. A fat, low to the ground TRUCKER at the bar turns a flatt face over thick shoulders to regard the fresh arrivals wi dull look. A COWBOY TEENAGER lifts his pool cue. The WAITRESS picks some empty glasses off the table in th booth. The BARTENDER CLICKS his teeth. A quiet comes over the joint. Severen winks and elbows Caleb in the ribs. Speaking in a voice loud enough for everybody to hear.
94) 1) dialog: Look, shitkickers. I'll be Goddamned. C'mon, Caleb. Let's get some liquor in us. Maybe they'll look a little less stupid when everything's blurry. Caleb gets nervous. He waves friendly to the Biker. With the attitude of a sailor on a sinking ship about to submerge. The Biker doesn't wave back. Mae, Jesse, Diamondback, and Homer slide into the booth. The Silvered One catches the Waitress' eye and gestures f beer. The Savage One and the farmboy belly up to the bar. Severen slams his fist down. Making the surly Trucker spill his drink. 60
94) 2) dialog: Bartender, gimmie two glasses of whatever shit you shove down these sucker's throats. The Bartender makes a big point of not looking at him. The Trucker looks at him though.
94) 4) dialog: You've had enough. By the way, were you born that ugly or is this your mama's idea of a joke? The Trucker does a slow burn. The temperature in the bar steadily rising. The Cowboy Teenager chalks his pool cue with a SQUEAKING cube. Severen clears his throat. Caleb starts to leave. The Savage One pulls him back. He picks up the glass of the Trucker. Addresses the Bartender.
94) 5) dialog: Give him another. The Bartender pours the Trucker another drink. Severen nudges the Trucker.
94) 6) dialog: Now, pay the man. The Trucker does a faster burn.
94) 7) dialog: Bartender, that'll be a double shot of your very best watered down shit over here. He taps the bar. The Bartender stares the two of them in the face.
94) 9) dialog: Well, if you're not going to serve me a drink... The Savage One picks up the drink of the Trucker.
94) 10) dialog: ...I'11 just hafta drink his. He throws it back. The Trucker rises to his feet. Mad. Severen makes a face.
94) 11) dialog: Ptooooooooeeee. He spits the drink in the Trucker's face.
94) 12) dialog: ...How can you drink that shit? The Trucker throws a punch. Severen grabs Caleb. Swings him around. The farmboy takes the piledriver punch square in the face He blinks. Unfazed. It was like he didn't even feel it. Severen winks at the fuming Trucker.
94) 13) dialog: Do it again. Couple times. I'm tryin' to show him somethin'. The Trucker connects two roundhouse blows to the side of head. A double combination to his belly. The only thing that registers on Caleb's face is surprise sudden physical resilience.
94) 14) dialog: Now hit back, Caleb. The Savage One releases the boy's arm. The Trucker pulls his fist back to throw another. Caleb strikes out in alarm. His fist bulldozers into the Trucker's face. Knocking him clean off his feet onto his back on the pool The Cowboy Teenager raises his stick to avoid him as the unconscious body scatters the balls. Caleb regards his fists in amazement. 62
94) 18) dialog: Good times! He walks over to the bruising Biker standing like a statu the jukebox.
94) 19) dialog: ...This is the best time I had since I nailed your mother backseat of your Daddy's truck. He was there watchin'. Severen taps him in the chest.
94) 20) dialog: ...Tell you the truth, I think he liked it, too. Know she did. 63 The Biker snarls and grabs Severen by the throat. Severen doesn't blink an eye. He presses his two hands against the side of the Biker's Applying pressure. The Biker's eyes roll up in their sockets. Severen whispers in his ear.
94) 21) dialog: Know what I said to your mother? I said, shhhhhh, honey, this won't hurt. The Savage One buries his teeth in the man's neck.
94) 22) dialog: I said... Severen uses his teeth. The bar becomes sickeningly still. The Savage One's face flushes and his sinewy body shudder shivers as the dying Biker spasmodically quivers. Severen's neck contracts as he GULPS and GULPS. With a high, wild cry, he heaves the dead, limp body of t Biker onto the jukebox with a CRASH. Revved up, he wipes his mouth off with the back of his ha His eyes afire. Sated. The Trucker bolts for the door. Jesse blocks his way. SNAPPING back the hammer of the Peacemaker. The Trucker doesn't move a muscle. The Bartender is white in the face.
94) 27) dialog: This is a kick, ain't it? Go sit down, I'll finish this up. Caleb dazedly has a seat on a barstool. The Bartender is almost sobbing as he wrestles with his g Severen wriggles his fingers at him.
94) 28) dialog: Yoo-hoo. The Bartender looks up. Severen leaps into the air, lashing out with his boot. His razor sharp roweled spur slashing across the man's th Laying it open. The Bartender stumbles back, still on his feet. Raising his shotgun. The Savage One kicks out with his other boot. Slashing the man's throat a second time. The barman sways on his feet. The shotgun dropping from his grasp. With a rebel yell, Severen jumps into the air. Hitting the Bartender smack between the eyes with both bo Knocking the nearly severed head off his shoulders. The headless body sinks to the floor. The Savage One wipes his hands on his pants. Sings off key.
94) 29) dialog: "Maaammma don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys. Don't let them strum guitars, and drive them old trucks, let them be doctors and lawyers, and such..." 65 Caleb just sits on the barstool, fingering the ragged sho blast in his chest. The Trucker stands by the booth. Not looking very big now. Fear terrible in his eyes. Diamondback almost compassionate. She speaks softly, sitting in the booth.
95) 0) text: The Cowboy Teenager running hell for leather. Caleb on his heels. The big, squat barn of a Roadhouse going up in flames. Five silhouettes emerge from the smoking structure. Moving to the black Dodge Camper in the parking lot. Severen hot wiring the vehicle with that smooth, practice efficiency. The others jumping in. The Camper quickly accelerating to the road.
97) 2) dialog: Now, Jess? Clicking very sharp teeth. Jesse's eyes boring through the windshield. 68
103) 1) text: Blackness. Curtains pulled tight. A deathly quiet. Six slumbering bodies. Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair. Mae curled up in his arms. Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed. Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall. Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in bathtub. A pillow over his face. A hard KNOCK on the front door. Homer throws the pillow from his face. Opens a sleepy lid. A VOICE from behind the door.
103) 4) text: You are surrounded! All eyes travel to Caleb. Caleb gets up. Worry in his eyes. Severen walks to the window, lifts a finger to the curtai pulls it back a crack. A single ray of sunlight explodes across his face like a spear. He jumps back. Screaming. Skin smoking. Hands pawing at his face.
103) 5) dialog: 
103) 7) dialog: Oughta give you this end of it. Jesse shoots him a stern glance.
103) 12) dialog: Rock n' Roll. He BLASTS a round through the door.
105) 1) text: The shaft of sunshine streams through the door. Striking Severen smack between the shoulder blades. He is flung back against the wall and slides to the floor His shirt smoking. The others open FIRE out the windows.
109) 3) dialog: That's a good one, asshole! A wall starting to splinter open with another round of GU BLASTS. Light burning across the floor. The others pressing back into dark corners. FIRING back as best they can. Jesse turns a narrow eye on Caleb.
109) 8) dialog: Asshole's gonna get himself killed. The Silvered One smirks at the Savage One.
113) 0) text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her wit body. Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back compartment. Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back fo open rear window. Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his s body. BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as assault continues from outside. One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
118) 0) text: The shield of the four walls of the vehicle are being bre by the shotguns. Laserlike beams of light shoot through the bullet holes. Severen and Jesse poke their heads up out of the blankets Peering over the backseat. Recoiling from the sunshine singeing their faces. They duck down and grab up rifles. FIRING off round after round through the shattered glass back windshield.
120) 0) text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of bucks taps him on the shoulder. He loses control of the wheel for a second. The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him. He regains command of the Camper. Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt. 79 Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the excruciating sunlight. The wound in his shoulder already healing up. The boy holding up as well as he can. Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae, Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the fly bullets and piercing sunshine spears. Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield
122) 0) text: Severen throws a glance to Caleb in the front seat. Shouting at the top of his lungs over the ROAR of the ENG and the WHINE of the BULLETS.
122) 1) dialog: 
122) 7) dialog: Nice knowin' ya, Jess. With that Severn leaps over the backseat. Kicks open the rear door. Hovers in the wind and white hot sunshine for a fraction second. His hand holding the shotgun is on fire.
123) 0) text: The Savage One brings up the weapon. Staring at the three Police Cars looking him in the face. 80 The direct sunlight making his skin smoke. BULLETS speeding past his face. Severen jumps off the back transom of the Camper at 90. Vaulting through empty air.
124) 0) text: The Savage One lands first on the hood. The POLICEMEN in the front seat stare at him in awe. Severen points the sawed off shotgun in their faces. Firing the first barrel through the windshield. The unmanned patrol car jars violently around the road. The Savage One climbs up on the roof. Using the cherrytop blinkers for leverage, he heaves hims through the air. Leapfrogging from one Police Car to the other.
125) 0) text: The cops inside are shocked. Severen lands smack dab on the hood on all fours. The sawed off shotgun in his hands. His face afire. His hair smouldering. His shotgun blazing. Punching twin holes through the windshield. Blowing the men away behind it. The car speeding off the road. Severen scrambling atop the roof before it's too late. Plummeting spread-eagled over the open road toward the th Police Car coming right toward him.
126) 0) text: The Cowboy Teenager in the backseat ducks down. The POLICEMEN don't react fast enough. Severen EXPLODES through the windshield in clouds of cube glass. Breaking the second cop's neck as he lands in his lap. The cop behind the wheel grabs for his gun. The Savage One takes it from him and shoots him in the si it. Severen shoves him out the door as he slides behind the w Taking over the Police Car. Stepping on the brake. Slowing to a stop in a SCREECH of TIRES.
129) 0) text: A scorched, worse for wear Severen leans against the side car. His hair cindered. His smile a white sickle in his blackened, charred featur His eyes wickedly bright. He lights up a cigarette. He makes eye contact with the farmboy. The farmboy starts to smile. Breathing again. The Savage One strides on back to the others standing bes Camper. Caleb glances up at the black roof of night. Drowning in that depthless space. Taking some steps off the road into the fields. 82
138) 1) text: Jesse closes the door behind him. Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms. Homer plops down on the bed. Caleb and Mae sink into a couch. Relief and quiet fall over them. The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him. In a good way. That isn't good at all. Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
138) 3) dialog: Catch. 84 He tosses the spur to Caleb. With the warmest grin Severen has ever worn on his broken The farmboy closes his palm over the silver spur. Having to grin. Homer bounces off the bed and comes up to Caleb. He reaches out with his hand. Looks Caleb square in the face.
141) 1) text: A poker game going strong between Severen, Jesse and Diamondback. Smoke hanging in the air. Homer glances over his shoulder as he opens the front doo 86
145) 3) dialog: We keep odd hours. Homer shows Sarah to a chair by the television. His face beaming with True Love and Devotion. He looks pretty silly. The others roll their eyes. The television is playing the station signoff. The NATIONAL ANTHEM reverberates around the room in a bug refrain. Sarah has plunked herself down in front of the TV and not nothing else. She giggles. Homer flashes her a look of pure love. Behind Sarah's back, Severen catches the Little One's eye wink. The Savage One slips his hand under his shirt and feigns pumping heart. Homer blushes. Jesse leans back in his seat, watching the girl, puffing cigarette, smiling. Diamondback casts a bemused but worried eye on Homer.
145) 25) dialog: Round and round and round she goes, and where she stops, nobody knows... He throws the latch. Locking the latch. Jesse pulling the window blinds.
145) 26) dialog: ...But it's 'bout time for that 'ol wheel to stop rotatin'. Loy swiftly moves over to Sarah and retrieves his daughte his arms.
145) 40) dialog: Now you just settle down there, cowboy, ‘Member which side of your bread the butter's on.
171) 0) text: A lone figure of the boy on horseback slows to a trot. Going past the sign of the town line. Caleb gives a flick on the reins. The horse walks down the street. Past the closed down burger joint. Diesel's shadow passes across the silent and still Tasty Trotting on. Caleb alert and aware, riding loose limbed, coiled for ac Eyes moving left and right. Seeing nothing. The hooves on the asphalt. The animal snorting. Silence so strong you could read by it. The whole little town deathly deserted. Like the boy is the last person in the world. Gathering the reins as he passes the Mini-Market and the Sheriff's station. All closed. Caleb thinks he hears something. The horse shies. A blur of action. The animal rears. Severen Van Sickle connects a steamshovel roundhouse punc the side of the animal's head. The horse is knocked cold. It collapses in a heap. Hurling the farmboy head over heels onto the hard blackto The Savage One hikes across the asphalt. A single SPUR JINGLING. Wearing a big old grin. Caleb is now human and the fall hurt. It takes him a while to get to his hands and knees. 110 When he looks up, there's Severen standing over him. Holding out his hand real friendly like.
171) 1) dialog: Your horse fell down.
171) 3) dialog: Lemme give you a hand, ol' buddy. Severen grabs Caleb's hand and gives him a pull. Full strength. Hurling him over his shoulder twenty feet through the air Caleb comes down with a loud noise on the pavement. His single SPUR grinds against the tarmac in a shower of The wind really knocked out of him. Severen smiles. Spitting on his fingers. Pointing one of them.
171) 4) dialog: You got one of two choices, you come back with us or you don't come back. Caleb sees the rangy, sinewy cowboy coming at him. A laconic stride down the deserted strip of road. His SPUR RINGING through the shut down town. The farmboy hears an ENGINE THUNDER in the other directio the distance. Big, big headlights. A KENWORTH EIGHTEEN WHEELER tractor trailer rig is coming Main Street on its way to the highway. Caleb jumps to his feet and tears off for the vehicle. Standing directly in its onrushing path. It HONKS its HORN. Caleb flags his arms. The gigantic truck BRAKES to a halt in a HISS of AIR and GRINDING GEARS. The farmboy clambers up on the passenger side.
173) 1) text: Severen tries to duck out of the way. The titanic front grill and bumper bash into him. Knocking him off balance. Twenty tons of truck draggin him under the wheels.
174) 1) text: Caleb grits his teeth. Taking his foot off the gas. 112 Scared spitless behind the gigantic machine he is trying restrain like breaking a wild mustang. It tools treacherously and powerfully down the darkened r through town. His eyes level through the windshield at the hood of the The ENGINE RAGING in the night. Severen's head abruptly sticks up over the hood. Half of his face raked with tire tread marks. One of his steel sinewed hands comes smashing onto the ho such force his fingers put holes in it. Caleb gasps. Trying to maintain his control on the steering wheel. Severen singlehandedly rips the hood off. Exposing the titanic 12 cylinder motor. The Savage One begins to shear off pieces of the engine. Showers of sparks. Spewing gas. Electrical shorts. Severen puts his fist through the motorworks. Ripping out a handful of gears and cylinders amid geysers spraying the windshield. The ENGINE HOWLS and SHRIEKS. The Eighteen Wheeler is giving up the ghost. Caleb sees the truck is about to stall. Severen is halfway onto the hood and is attempting to bus fist through the windshield. The farmboy knows he is about out of time. His hand goes to the twin brakes for the cab and trailer. His eyes harden. His other hand opens the driver's door.
175) 1) text: The farmboy goes jumping out onto the roadbed. Rolling head over heels a few times. Then he looks up. And sees it. Severen clinging to the cab as it skids to a complete sto The trailer it is carrying continues to travel at 40 MPH. Colliding with the cab. Crumpling it like an accordian. The air TORN with the EAR-SPLITTING COLLISION. The truck crushes like a tin can. EXPLODES into a million pieces. 113 Spreading the remains of Severen Van Sickle across half t state. Caleb rises to his feet. The rowel of the Savage One's silver spur flips in the ai over end, dropping down on the tarmac, spinning on the gr like a nickel. Caleb flips it like a coin and sticks it in his back pock His awed face framed with flames.