0) 3) text: It's the GIRL from this afternoon.
0) 5) dialog: Whatcha doin' over there?
0) 7) dialog: How come?
0) 9) dialog: Funny hours.
0) 11) dialog: Will I see you again? Jack looks out at the dirty street again.
0) 13) dialog: (at the tux)
0) 16) dialog: Shit, thank God.  You look like a creep.
0) 18) dialog: I mean, I'd hate to think I'd pick up someone who wore that shit. Jack smiles, grabs the paper bag, and moves to the door.
0) 19) dialog: (continuing)
14) 0) text: Jack lets himself into his apartment and stops. Across the room, curled up on the couch, is a little girl Jack takes the girl gently in his arms and carries her to the bedroom.  As he folds a blanket under her chin, he pauses. The girl's face is calm, peaceful.
22) 0) text: The backyard is small, with a short chainlink fence surrounding it.  Two kids, a girl and a boy, are splashing around in a build-it-yourself above-ground pool.   When they see Jack, they stop splashing. Only their heads are visible above the water.
23) 152) text: Don't leave a girl hanging. Second rule of show business. Frank's not amused.
92) 2) text: Like diamonds, huh?  I never get over it.   When I was a little girl, my mama'd stand me before the window and tell me to close my eyes and make a wish.Like I could reach out and grab all the lights of the city and string them into-a necklace for myself.  She'd take my hand and when she closed her eyes, I don't know, it was like she really believed it.
95) 18) text: You can always get another girl.
95) 20) text: There's always another girl.
97) 1) dialog: Remember me? Jack and Frank look up.  A girl in a yellow and black dress is in the doorway.  She looks like a bumblebee.
97) 2) dialog: Monica.  Monica Moran.  I came in the last time you guys were looking for a singer. (smiling)
98) 5) text: We'll try for a girl again next week. Jack nods.
108) 0) text: Frank, attempting to give piano lessons to a brother and sister tandem who would be better served by an obedience school.  While the little girl pounds incessantly on the piano, her brother runs circles around the room, destroying everything in sight. MUSIC CONTINUES and we see:
120) 72) text: She comes on like a dream Peaches and cream Lips like strawberry wine She's sixteen, she's beautiful and she's mine. Ribbons and curls Ooh, what a girl Eyes that sparkle and shine You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine. As Jack and Frank finish, they're laughing.  After a moment, their voices die and the house is quiet again.   Full of ghosts.  Each stares at the tiny keyboard before him, awkward with the intimacy of the moment.  It is quiet for a very long time.  Finally, Frank looks over.