5) 13) text: Listen ... why don't you come out to the house this weekend.  Say hello to the kids.   They've grown.
22) 0) text: The backyard is small, with a short chainlink fence surrounding it.  Two kids, a girl and a boy, are splashing around in a build-it-yourself above-ground pool.   When they see Jack, they stop splashing. Only their heads are visible above the water.
22) 5) text: Shit. The kids' eyes widen at his profanity.   Jack, the unlit cigarette dangling from his lip, ponders things for a moment, then flicks the'cigarette away and steps over the fence. At which point, the tinier of the two heads in the pool begins to scream.
22) 7) text: Hey, kid.  Take it easy. No use.  The kid's a world-class screamer.   Frank, wearing baggy shorts and looking alarmed, comes racing out of the house.
24) 45) text: She used to waitress downtown, nights, when I was a kid.  On the way home, we'd sing. You know how people whistle when they're nervous? My mother sang.  She always said you're never alone with a song 'cause thousands of people know the same song and even though you can't hear 'em, they're singing with you.  I don't know.   If they were, they were all singing safe inside their apartments. (shrugging)
43) 0) text: Jack paces outside the veterinary clinic, rubbing his arms against the night's chill.  He glances up at the flickering sign over the building: "Twenty-Four Hour Emergency Care." Inside, a KID with deep-set eyes is bent over a magazine.  Jack hesitates then enters.
44) 1) dialog: Yeah? Jack glances around, ill at ease.
44) 2) dialog: (continuing)
44) 3) text: You want something, pal?  If you're looking for a bathroom, try the Super Chief around the corner. The Kid goes back to his magazine.
44) 5) dialog: Regular hours are eight to five.
44) 7) dialog: You can check in on him tomorrow.   Between eight and five.
44) 9) dialog: You want to know if he's okay. Right?
44) 12) dialog: All right.  Hold on.
44) 14) dialog: Save it.  What's he look like?
44) 17) dialog: All right. they lay the dead ones out in the cold room.  I'll take a look. The Kid disappears into the back.  Jack stands frozen, watching the swinging door come to rest.  He looks like a man who, unexpectedly, finds a razor pressed to his neck.  He fumbles for a cigarette, but doesn't light it.  He waits.  A moment later, the door swings open.
44) 18) dialog: Nope.  Just a couple poodles. Jack nods, then, moving stiffly, leaves.
47) 2) text: You're gonna knock her dead, kid.
55) 7) text: By the way, if anyone gets bored, Donna packed some travel games. They work wonders with the kids. Frank reaches under the seat and hands Susie a sack full of magnetic games, puzzles, and plastic cubes.
59) 0) text: Tom wasn't kidding.  The immediacy of the ocean beyond the window is almost scary.
60) 15) text: God, we were just kids.  That was something, wasn't it? Jack nods.  Frank shakes his head, still lost in the spring evening years before, then notices the newlyweds sitting across the room.
61) 26) text: Oh. I didn't know.  I mean, I always did it as a kid. It was never a big deal then.  Was it? Jack just stares at Frank.
71) 7) text: Ethel, Bert.  Get up here and show these kids how it's done. A path is cleared and a tiny couple begins to make their way to the dance floor.
75) 3) text: Hi, honey.  She says Angela Secoli got a puppy for Christmas.  Explain to her why we can't ... I don't know, tell her you're allergic ... It's not lying. Well, okay, it is lying, but ... All right, then tell her I'll explain it ... He what? ... No kidding? Without the training wheels? (affected by this)
78) 9) text: Yup.  They want us back.  Easter.  It seems they have this egg hunt every year.  Only not for kids. Adults.  They stuff these plastic eggs with Timexes and little certificates for free Mai Tais and everyone has a grand time crawling around on the front lawn.  Then afterwards, they have a dance.  An egg dance.  Everyone comes dressed in a different colored shell and at the end of the evening they crack themselves open.  It's our job to separate the yolks from the whites. Slippery business. Frank smiles as he takes a swallow of his drink, then leans his head back, staring at the ceiling.
79) 3) text: Ah well, the kids'll break a couple anyway. Suddenly, across the parking lot, the voices of the newlyweds are heard.
104) 0) text: Jerry Lewis need not fear.  This is strictly a tin foil and crepe paper operation. Along one wall is the "phone bank," monitored by a few sleepy volunteers, and opposite in makeshift bleachers, is the audience.  A huge tote boa set on rolling astors, is next to the phones.  The total, at 2:15 AM, is $1125.38. As Jack and Frank enter, the kid in the wheelchair is doing basketball tricks before the camera.
104) 13) text: What's wrong with the kid?
104) 23) text: What? Before Jack can further enlighten Frank, the kid in the wheelchair rolls off and a guy in a cheap rented tux strides in front of the camera.  He's VINCE NANCY, the host.
104) 27) text: That's where you come in.  Pick up that phone.   Make a donation.  Let's keep our kids off the streets and in the gym where they belong. Applause.
111) 0) text: Frank sits alone in the darkness of the den.  The cardboard stand-up is there, along with several old photographs, including one showing two skinny kids in tuxes standing with a glamorous Peggy Lee.  After a momen Donna enters.