1) 1) dialog: So, the definition of the derivative of the function "f" at point "x" is..?
1) 9) dialog: Okay! Kyle? KYLE snaps his eyes up to Emma's face, tries to cover.
1) 11) dialog: Try to follow along. I really want you guys to get this! David? DAVID gazes back dumbly, stuck in an erotic fog.
1) 12) dialog: Cindy?
3) 19) dialog: Well, that was a close call! They turn to see Emma. crossing the parking lot holding a quality knock-off designer handbag over her head.
3) 24) dialog: 
3) 27) dialog: Second floor girl's bathroom. Right where I left it. This
3) 30) dialog: You guys were so nice to ask me to come with-- 
3) 38) dialog: I'd just be sitting around the condo, trolling e-Harmony...
3) 40) dialog: I'm telling you, it's this town!
3) 42) dialog: You know what we should do, Meg? When we're over there? we should all treat ourselves. Find a real salon. Total spa treatment. And I'm gonna get my hair done. Just like this! She holds up a European tabloid she's pulled from her pur
7) 0) text: Emma's packed suitcases stand neatly arranged by the door the sparsely furnished, undecorated room.
7) 9) dialog: Hello. You've reached the home of Emma Lindgard. I'm afraid I won't be able to return your call right away, as I'm currently traveling. In Europe. But, please, do leave a message.
7) 11) dialog: Ooh! She hangs up the phone and sits herself down at the coffe table where a game of solitaire is laid next to a microwa Lean Cuisine dinner. She turns up the volume with the remote and gathers the cards, shuffling. Eyes glued to Princess Diana on television, Emma suddenly shoots her hands three feet wide, rifling the cards in perfect vertical formation like a seasoned cardsharp.
10) 0) text: Meg sleeps in an aisle seat of the dim coach cabin where the window shades have been drawn down, Emma dozing besid her, a game of cards laid out on her tray table.
10) 2) dialog: Are we there?! 0    
12) 0) text: Alice emerges with Meg and Emma, each struggling with the luggage, onto the thronged arrivals deck. EMMA
12) 1) text: There it is! Esprit de Corps! Alice looks to where Emma points, seeing a small sky-blue flag at the end of a long staff held by MADAME VALERY (40 pinched) their harried tour guide in a suit of the same b ALICE
12) 6) text: I'm traveling with my friends, Meg Kelly and Emma Lindgard-- MADAME VALERY (FLAT)
12) 7) text: I speak English. EMMA
14) 3) text: This is ridiculous... EMMA
14) 4) text: Hey, Alice! Meg! Alice and Meg turn to Emma across the aisle, who hooks a thumb at CARL and DEEDEE (late 60's, both stout) beside h EMMA (CONT'D)
14) 6) text: Waited a long time for this! But, we finally made it! EMMA
16) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma race past gallery after gallery, tryi to keep Madame Valery's little blue flag in sight as it f over the crowd in the distance. Alice whipsaws her head at everything they're missing, ma notes in her guidebook on the fly. ALICE
17) 0) text: Madame Valery leads the charge up the right wing of the D staircase, past the statue of Winged Victory. Alice stops Meg and Emma in front of the statue, while Ca and Deedee try to catch their breath on the landing.  ALICE (READING FAST)
17) 2) text: Oh. Alice turns Meg and Emma around to come back down. DEEDEE
18) 0) text: Emma elbows her way out of a crush of raised cameras and cellphones to Alice and Meg who strain at the rear of the CROWD to view a painting, all but the top of its gold fra obscured.  (CONTINUED)    
18) 1) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 15. CONTINUED: EMMA
19) 0) text: Meg and Emma sit hunched over Emma's camera and its shaky digital image of the Mona Lisa, squeezed in with Alice an the rest of their tour at too few tables. EMMA
19) 3) text: (snaps to, smiling) What? No. I'm--. I'm just a little tired. EMMA
19) 6) text: To jet lag. Emma and Alice raise their glasses to toast as WAITERS pl down identical plates of steak frites before them. MEG (CONT'D)
19) 7) text: To Alice. Best organizer. Best guide. Best friend. EMMA
19) 14) text: If you're not using it. As Emma passes the bottle of catsup, Meg offers Alice her napkin, and waiters sweep their plates away, replacing th with creme brulees. ALICE
21) 0) text: The women lower the travel brochure and its photograph of tidy well-appointed suite, to regard the actual one in wh they stand; dingy, impossibly small, crowded by an armoir that nearly meets the low sloping ceiling, with two spind twin beds and a military-style cot. EMMA
21) 4) text: It's only five nights-- EMMA
21) 7) text: It'll be like camping. At Eagle River. It'll be fun! Emma opens what is essentially a closet with a toilet. EMMA
21) 8) text: Here's your outhouse, Meg. Go nuts. Alice joins Emma at the bathroom door.  (CONTINUED)    
21) 11) text: Okay, Emma. Let's just unpack-- she turns for the luggage, nearly falling over at the wei of Emma's suitcase as she reaches to lift it. MEG (CONT'D)
21) 13) text: Emma, what have you got in here? EMMA
21) 14) text: Just the stuff you put on my list-- (off her look) And a couple options. The bag slips from Meg's grasp, crashing onto the foot of bed which collapses, catapulting Alice onto the cot which flips up over her, knocking Emma into the tiny bathroom.  EMMA (CONT'D)
22) 0) text: Alice gazes out a window that opens onto a narrow alley a the ugly backsides of buildings, as Meg and Emma sleep fitfully behind her. She looks down at the cellphone in her hands, scrolling through her speed dial to stop at: 1. Richard. She hesitates with her thumb over the "call" button. She turns back to the miserable view, considering for a b then folds her phone away as she blinks back tears.
24) 3) text: Oh, I'm in! Come on. Everyone! Together, they all step forward, arms entwined, laughing. EMMA
24) 4) text: I want a picture! Of all of us! Alice looks up as Emma breaks away, to see Madam Valery leading her dwindling group from the great church. Madame Valery sends her charges to the bus, then heads straight for Alice as Emma tries to enlist a JAPANESE COU to take a group photo with her camera.  (CONTINUED)    
24) 21) text: Ill bet she knows more about it than you! The Japanese wife frames the action with Emma's camera. ALICE
24) 28) text: Now, I think I've been very nice. We're from Wisconsin. But, I'm telling you, I am not getting on that bus until my friends and I have seen Notre Dame. Meg and Emma exchange looks as Alice plants herself with folded arms and steely resolve before Madame Valery. MADAME VALERY
24) 29) text: Perhaps, if Madame is not satisfied with my tour she could conduct her own. EMMA
25) 0) text: The bus pulls away, revealing the Japanese couple who ret Emma's camera with a bow, Meg, and Alice holding the flag EMMA
25) 6) text: Let's kick this town's ass! Alice marches forward as a few drops of rain fall. EMMA
26) 0) text: Water pours in sheets from the sky as Alice, Meg and Emma splash down the Rue de Rivoli and duck beneath the shelte the hotel's canopy. They shake water from their arms and hair, pluck at their sopping clothes. PHOTOGRAPHER 1
26) 1) text: Cordelia! They glance over at a few PAPARAZZI sharing the protectio the overhang on the far side of the entrance, as a camera flashes in taking Emma's picture. Emma smiles, blinks, confused as another photographer admonishes the first. PHOTOGRAPHER 2
26) 2) text: You're wasting your film. That's not her. EMMA
26) 5) text: Oh. Meg and Emma turn to gape as well at the DINERS and elega tables inside as the rain hammers down. ALICE (CONT'D)
26) 6) text: That, mes aims, is Paris. EMMA
27) 0) text: Meg and Emma step into the lobby, a palatial world of mar gold and flowers, as Alice confers with the DOORMAN. EMMA
27) 3) text: Merci. (joins Emma and Meg) Okay, Emma, it's down the hall to the left. Meg and I'll go and get us a table-- EMMA
27) 4) text: Meet you in there. Emma heads for the ladies room, gaping at the lobby. EMMA (CONT'D)
27) 9) text: (hooking Meg's arm) We're going to do one thing right in Paris. I don't care how much it costs. They turn for the dining room, passing the front desk whe CORDELIA WINTHROP SCOTT (dressed similarly to Emma, thoug ten times the cost) unleashes her ire on the CONCIERGE. CORDELIA
28) 0) text: Emma swings through the door into the black marble bathro grabbing a towel to swipe at her wet hair. She stops abruptly, examines the towel. EMMA
28) 4) text: You would not believe these people. So rude! She takes her phone into the stall next to Emma's and clo the door just as Alice and Meg enter.
28) 9) text: Emma?
28) 12) text: Reykjavik? Would I need a coat? A toilet flushes and Cordelia opens her stall door, heads the counter, oblivious to Alice and Meg who freeze with t towels, blinking at her uncanny resemblance to Emma. CORDELIA (CONT'D)
28) 16) text: It appears to be raining outside. Quite hard. She picks up her purse and exits without looking back jus Emma opens her stall door and joins Alice and Meg, who ga at her with towels in their hands. EMMA
29) 1) text: No, Emma, I mean, exactly like you. EMMA
29) 2) text: Well, she sounded awful. And kind of mean. Alice, Meg and Emma, punchy and a little drunk, enjoy win from enormous glasses as they finish their meals. ALICE
29) 3) text: (draining her glass) She should be ashamed. Can you imagine having a room here and then not staying in it? An ANXIOUS WAITER races in, refilling Alice's glass. EMMA (PERFECT MIMIC)
29) 6) text: We should just take it. Her room. EMMA
29) 12) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 28. CONTINUED: EMMA  (MIMICKING)
29) 13) text: Indeed. It is pitiful how low the standards here have fallen. Two waiters step in to clear plates, hearing all. EMMA (CONT'D) (MIMICKING)
29) 14) text: Remind me to have Daddy buy this hotel so that I can knock it down. Alice and Meg laugh with Emma as the waiters head for the kitchen in panic. WAITER
29) 16) text: Emma, you could be her! EMMA (MIMICKING)
29) 22) text: Please. In apology for our earlier misunderstanding. EMMA
29) 25) text: Your dinners as well. With our compliments... The three women exchange glances as the steward begins to open the bottle and the manager bows, backing away. EMMA
29) 27) text: Oui, Mademoiselle? Emma smiles, broadly, batting her eyelashes as the stewar pops the Champagne cork. EMMA (PERFECT BRITISH)
30) 1) text: Alice fumbles for a switch, hitting the lights, and their laughter cuts abruptly at the sumptuous interior of gleam marble, gilt and silk. ME G HOLY-- EMMA
31) 1) text: Wait. What are you guys doing? Emma launches herself onto the enormous bed. EMMA
31) 5) text: Meg! Meg takes the bottle and crawls up with Emma. EMMA
31) 12) text: I'm sorry, I just keeping thinking of the look on that woman's face! EMMA
31) 15) text: Surprised me! EMMA
31) 17) text: Poor Carl and Deedee...  EMMA
31) 18) text: Do you think that if you sleep in a bed like this every night your dreams are different? Alice rolls to her side and the view of the Eiffel tower. EMMA (CONT'D)
32) 0) text: A telephone rings, stirring Alice. It rings again. She reaches for it in her sleep as Emma sits up groggily beside Meg curled around the empty Champagne bottle. ALICE (ANSWERING)
32) 1) text: Hello? EMMA
32) 3) text: Oh, yes. Yes... EMMA (SHAKING MEG)
32) 6) text: We'll be right down. Merci. She hangs up. EMMA
32) 8) text: We'll tell them it was a mistake! EMMA
33) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma attempt to conceal themselves behind Cordelia's tower of cases as it's wheeled from the elevat by two PORTERS.  (CONTINUED)    
33) 5) text: Mademoiselle Scott, this came for you this morning. The package you were seeking? Emma merely blinks at the offered envelope. MEG
33) 6) text: Take it. Just take it. EMMA (SNATCHING IT)
33) 8) text: I'm afraid there may still be some PHOTOGRAPHERS OUTSIDE-- EMMA
34) 5) text: A beat, as Emma and Meg look to Alice for direction and t frenzied calls of the paparazzi increase.
35) 2) text: They really do think she's her... RIP! Alice and Meg spin to Emma as she spills the envelop contents. EMMA
35) 4) text: We're going back to our hotel-- Emma holds up an itinerary with a big mischievous grin.  EMMA
35) 7) text: Let me see that-- EMMA
35) 9) text: Emma, for crying out loud. Meg, you want to help me out here? MEG
35) 10) text: Hold on... I'm reading... EMMA
35) 15) text: Oh! And somehow that magically makes taking it right? EMMA
35) 18) text: You're in charge. You want to go back to that hotel, okay by me. A beat while Alice looks between Meg and Emma, trapped. MEG (CONT'D) 
35) 19) text: Totally your call. EMMA (FULL-ON CORDELIA)
37) 3) text: Anything goes wrong, we say it was a language thing, that we didn't UNDERSTAND-- EMMA
37) 5) text: Go, look, come right back. It's a good plan. Alice, Meg and Emma clink glasses. MONTAGE:
40) 0) text: They emerge onto the deck, Emma squealing and grabbing Al when she sees their waiting helicopter.
41) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma delight as the helicopter banks along coast, the Mediterranean glittering in blue and green bel A craggy ridge falls away and all of MONTE CARLO unfolds step upon step of coral rooftops, cream and gold. END MONTAGE.
42) 0) text: Alice, Emma and Meg step from a limousine, blinking in th bright sunlight to take in the square in front of the hot its fountain and the adjacent casino.  (CONTINUED)    
42) 2) text: Okay! What do we want to do first? Check out the palace, or the beach? MEG EMMA
42) 5) text: Mademoiselle Scott! They turn as JEAN-PIERRE MICHAND (late 30's), sophisticat in jeans and a sportscoat but with a warm bohemian air, c down the steps, an oversized envelope tucked under his ar EMMA
42) 8) text: (laughs at himself) But, you are here. (off her blank look) Forgive me. Jean-Pierre. Michand. With the foundation-- He pauses in shaking Emma's hand as his eyes land on Alic with friendly curiosity, a charge. JEAN-PIERRE (CONT'D)
42) 9) text: Welcome--. I---. I didn't realize you would be bringing-- EMMA
42) 13) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 38. CONTINUED: (2) EMMA 
42) 14) text: I'll say. Emma sneakily indicates Jean-Pierre's empty ring finger t Alice and Meg as he consults his wristwatch. EMMA (CONT'D) (WHISPERED ASIDE)
42) 19) text: Oh. And, of course, to deliver your invitations for the week, and the foundation's report--  EMMA
42) 22) text: Again, I am so sorry, but, I am reluctant to keep His Highness waiting. EMMA
42) 28) text: Perhaps we have misunderstood each other. Mademoiselle Scott--. She must be there for tonight's game. The prince. His Highness has asked to be seated across from her-- EMMA
43) 2) text: No, I can't. I can't stand it. Emma reads to Alice and Meg from the brochure in the seat area of their luxurious suite, enjoying none of it, nor t incredible balcony view of Monte Carlo's marina and bay. EMMA
43) 8) text: In Africa. Meg hangs her head. EMMA
43) 10) text: Only she did. Emma reaches for a gigantic wrapped fruit basket. EMMA
43) 13) text: You, Emma. If you're Cordelia. They've seen you. You're here. EMMA
43) 15) text: I don't have anything to wear. The phone RINGS! and Emma snatches it up before Alice can EMMA (CONT'D) (PERFECT BRITISH)
43) 16) text: Hello? Alice gestures for Emma not to say anything, to hang up.  (CONTINUED)    
43) 17) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 41. CONTINUED: (2) EMMA (CONT'D) (INTO PHONE)
43) 18) text: Oh yes, please. Send it up... Um. Yes, all of it. Everything. Thank you, ever so. Merci! She hangs up and holds a beat before turning to Alice. EMMA (CONT'D)
44) 0) text: Alice and Meg stand in front of the tower of Louis Vuitto trunks and cases while Emma idly thumbs the combination l of a steel briefcase in her lap. ALICE
44) 1) text: Okay. But, just for tonight. And, that's it. CLICK! Alice and Meg look to Emma, holding the now open briefcase, eyes wide. EMMA
44) 4) text: No jewelry. Emma nods. ALICE (CONT'D)
45) 0) text: The gaming hall's towering ornate doors are opened by TWO DOORMEN for Alice, Emma and Meg to make their big entranc Cordelia's couture chiffon, silk and organza. Heads held high, backs straight, they strike a remarkable tableaux as they pause in unison at the top of the room's raised landing to survey the swirl of roulette wheels and tony European jet set. (CONTINUED)    
45) 2) text: At first glance they look spectacular, but under closer  scrutiny one can read Meg's composed discomfort in wearin dress that is too tight, nearly spilling her breasts, and self-consciousness Alice endures in a dress made daringly short by her height. But, this is because we know them; to all other eyes they only belong here, they own the room. They glance at one another, eyebrows up: "We're here!" EMMA
45) 3) text: Don't you feel like we've won something already? Jean-Pierre comes to greet them with PRINCE DOMENICO DA SILVANO (30's, movie-star handsome), both in tuxedos, offering a hand to escort Emma down the few steps. JEAN-PIERRE
45) 4) text: Mademoiselle Scott, you made it! Emma withholds her natural smile, placing just the tips o her fingers in Jean-Pierre's palm with exaggerated hauteu EMMA
45) 8) text: May I present His Highness, Prince Domenico Da Silvano? Prince Da Silvano bows from the waist. DOMENICO MADEMOISELLE SCOTT-- EMMA
45) 11) text: If you will call me "Domenico." EMMA
45) 12) text: I shall certainly try. Domenico escorts Emma out onto the casino floor as Jean- Pierre touches Alice's elbow. JEAN-PIERRE
46) 1) text: A DEALER unseals a new deck of cards as Domenico pulls ou chair for Emma at the room's enormous game table. EMMA
46) 2) text: Oh, but, I really wasn't planning on playing this evening. I so much prefer to watch-- Emma looks to Alice and Meg for help as Jean-Pierre leads them to the far side of a low railing to view the game. DOMENICO (A WINK)
46) 12) text: They're playing for money. Together they turn to see Emma happily arranging the card she is dealt in her hands. DOMENICO
46) 13) text: Cordelia, why don't you do us the honor of setting this evening's stakes? Emma glances over to Alice and Meg who look back at her, ashen, and turns to the players who smile expectantly. EMMA
46) 14) text: Oh. Um. Okay... She takes her handbag into her lap, opens it, looks. EMMA (CONT'D) (A GUESS)
46) 15) text: Alright. Why don't... Why don't we start at ten? A shocked player sputters into his drink. Emma places a twenty Euro note on the table.  (CONTINUED)    
46) 16) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 45. CONTINUED: (2) EMMA (CONT'D)
46) 17) text: That is if anyone is able to make change. A beat. Jean-Pierre, Domenico and all the other players burst out laughing and Emma smiles, laughing too, but shoots a desperate look to Alice and Meg. DOMENICO
46) 18) text: Marvelous! He signals an ATTENDANT over as Emma's shoulders relax. DOMENICO (CONT'D)
46) 19) text: Please bring Mademoiselle Scott a rack of chips. (TO EMMA)
46) 20) text: Two hundred? EMMA (BIG GULP)
46) 24) text: Mademoiselle Scott starts us at ten thousand a hand. Alice and Meg freeze, their champagne glasses sliding fro their hands, while Emma's eyes grow as large as all the zeroes on Domenico's chip. DOMENICO (CONT'D)
47) 3) text: Emma sits locked in a cool stare-down over the top of her cards with Domenico across from her at the tensed table. Meg downs a glass of Champagne in one gulp, snagging the of the WAITER's jacket, hauling him back for a refill. The waiter turns to Alice, who pats at her face with a da napkin, struggling to breathe. MEG
47) 5) text: Mademoiselle? Emma places her cards face down before her, appears to fo EMMA
47) 6) text: Well... She moves her hands to the stacks and stacks of chips bes her, and pushes them to the center of the table. EMMA (CONT'D) 0
47) 9) text: Great. I'm just--. Excuse me. Alice slips around the railing and heads for Emma as two players fold in near tears, leaving just Emma, Domenico a DOWAGER (60's) in the game. ALICE (CONT'D)
47) 12) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 47. CONTINUED: (2) EMMA (WHISPER BACK)
47) 14) text: Emma! That isn't Monopoly money! EMMA
47) 16) text: And this isn't the mathletes finals in Kenosha! EMMA
47) 20) text: I will see you, Cordelia. Domenico pushes his own mountain of chips to the pot in t center of the table and Alice buries her face in her hand when the dowager folds her cards. EMMA
47) 27) text: Ladies first. EMMA
47) 29) text: I am very sorry, Cordelia. A beat, then Emma shrugs. EMMA
47) 30) text: Well. It is just a game after all. She turns her cards over and fans them on the table felt: royal flush in the suit of hearts, ace high. EMMA (CONT'D)
47) 31) text: I do hope there are no hard feelings. The other players cheer as Domenico's smile crashes. Emma shrieks with delight, turning to Alice and Meg who g each other, barely keeping themselves from pitching over, glasses spilling, as the other players applaud. Emma rakes in the Everest of multi-colored chips with bot arms, laughing as she's congratulated. DOWAGER
47) 32) text: You must play often, Miss Scott. EMMA
48) 0) text: Domenico and Jean-Pierre, each toting buckets of chips, escort Alice, Emma and Meg to the elevator, all giddy. DOMENICO
48) 2) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 49. CONTINUED: EMMA
48) 4) text: Yeah. Good call, Cordelia. DING! The elevator arrives and the doors open as Domenico leans in towards Emma. DOMENICO
48) 5) text: Then you must promise to dance with me at my party tomorrow. Emma evades Domenico by stepping onto the elevator. EMMA
48) 7) text: "Domenico." EMMA
48) 11) text: Tomorrow night? EMMA
48) 12) text: Wait! Before Alice can respond to Jean-Pierre, Emma takes one o the buckets from Alice and hands it back to him. EMMA (CONT'D)
49) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma jump up and down, screaming like girl a slumber party, chips flying everywhere. MONTAGE:
50) 1) text: Alice, Meg and Emma burst through the salon doors into th street, their hair color richer, eyes brighter, a new lightness to their step; vivid, brilliantly polished vers of their essential selves. Heads turn as they set out together.
51) 0) text: The wings of a brass-framed three-way mirror spin and spr in a swirling kaleidoscope of shifting reflections: Alice, Meg and Emma work their way through an increasingl spectacular and audacious series of combinations, dresses gowns, modeling for each other as they are tended to by SHOPGIRLS and SEAMSTRESSES... --Alice twirls in a navy dress with white polka dots. --Meg slaps her own ass with a laugh, admiring herself fr the back in a pair of pencil thin sexy black jeans. --Emma glows in a pale lavender strapless satin gown. END MONTAGE:     
52) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma watch as a number of their dresses ar boxed and a CASHIER writes them up. SHOP GIRL
52) 2) text: No. Thank you, we'll be paying CASH-- EMMA
52) 4) text: Wait. You know what, on second thought, I'm not getting these-- She pulls the pair of jeans from her pile of clothes. EMMA
53) 1) text: Where was I ever going to wear them? Seriously? EMMA
53) 4) text: Thank you. It's silly, anyway. They're just jeans. I want to find something for the kids-- EMMA
53) 7) text: Emma leaps to one of the stalls, seizing a profusion of  plastic jeweled tiaras displayed alongside photographs of Princess Grace. She places a tiara on her head, modeling. EMMA (CONT'D)
56) 29) text: Yeah. But, I'm gonna walk myself. Thanks, though. She slips into the moving crowd, leaving Bernard to watch she meets Alice and Emma further up the street. He holds a beat, then turns when called to by a vendor.
59) 0) text: A cascade of yellow and gold balloons washes over Alice a she dances with Meg and Emma to a Euro-trance-pop beat at center of the crowded dance floor. Emma screams with delight in a new dress and plastic tiar batting balloons as Domenico who spins her away. Alice watches with heightened vigilance as Emma dances wi her prince and blows a kiss to Alice and Meg. MEG
59) 8) text: And I was looking for you! From the edge of the dance floor, NIKOLAI LUDOVIC (late 3 squat, bald, completely nondescript but for his white tie tails, watches Emma ardently. He stops a waiter, taking his tray of Champagne flutes. 
59) 9) text: Emma spins to find Nikolai at her elbow, grinning, holdin this offering, and she takes him for a waiter. EMMA
59) 10) text: Ooh! Thank you! I'm so thirsty! Nikolai remains planted, holding his tray with a smile, watching with bright eyes as Emma drinks. She lowers her glass and her full attention snags on Niko really registering his presence now as she searches his w gentle eyes. EMMA (CONT'D)
59) 11) text: It's a wonderful party, isn't it? Nikolai nods and offers her another glass of Champagne. Alice, dancing with Jean-Pierre, subtly repositions herse in order to keep an eye on Emma. JEAN-PIERRE
59) 17) text: Emma slips away from dancing with Domenico, moving to Nik who remains with his tray at the ready,.brightening at he approach, lifting a glass. EMMA
59) 19) text: Ya znal, chto naydu tebya. Emma blushes as though showered in compliments. EMMA
59) 21) text: Cordelia Winthrop Scott. Emma turns, still smiling, to find PENELOPE PENROSE (late 20s, British), frail and bird-like, but attempting to hol warrior's stance with her shoulders thrown back. EMMA
59) 24) text: Do you not know who I am? Emma's smile falters as she glances furtively about. EMMA
59) 26) text: Penelope. Penelope Penrose. Penelope's chin quivers as she reads Emma's blank look. PENELOPE (CONT'D)
59) 27) text: I spent a year in hospital-- EMMA
59) 29) text: You did! You happened! Alice swivels around at the raised voices, spots Penelope facing Emma. ALICE 
59) 33) text: While I was sleeping EMMA
59) 39) text: And let's get out of here! EMMA
59) 41) text: (to Alice and Meg) she turned all my friends against me... They had to send me away... To live with the nuns-- Emma grabs Penelope by the shoulders. EMMA
59) 42) text: Now, you listen to me, Penelope Penrose. You have no idea how long I've waited for this moment. Penelope flinches, preparing for a beating.  EMMA (CONT'D)
59) 44) text: Jealous? EMMA
59) 46) text: I was ugly-- EMMA
59) 49) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 63. CONTINUED: (5) EMMA
59) 51) text: You thought I was special? Emma looks at Penelope, nods emphatically. EMMA
59) 52) text: You want to know what I've waited for all these years, Penelope Penrose? Penelope shakes her head almost imperceptibly. EMMA (CONT'D)
59) 53) text: To do this. Emma opens her arms wide and pulls Penelope into a hug. She looks at Alice and Meg over Penelope's shoulder, and closes her eyes with genuine emotion for a beat, pulling to smile into Penelope's grateful, tear-streaked face.  EMMA (CONT'D)
60) 1) text: (raising a glass) To friends! old and new! Emma seizes Penelope's hand from across the table, placin in Domenico's as she drunkenly sings the old Girl Scout s EMMA
60) 28) text: (smiles, nods) Madame Kelly. He heads toward for the kitchen before she can say anythi Emma pours sloppy glasses of Champagne for her companions though playing a game of tag, spilling wine. EMMA
60) 29) text: And you're my friend...and you're my friend. . .and you're my-- She turns with the bottle to find Nikolai who has materialized beside her on the long banquette. EMMA (CONT'D)
60) 30) text: Oh, hey! You were at the party! Do you work here, too? Nikolai cheerfully shakes his head, holds up her purse.  EMMA (CONT'D)
60) 32) text: Ti takaya vaskhititel'naya. Emma sets the bottle down to concentrate on Nikolai. EMMA
61) 2) text: The stars are still out. Ahead, Emma breaks away from Penelope and Domenico, leavi the two to walk on together as she comes back toward Alic EMMA (CONT'D)
63) 5) text: Next time, you cook. EMMA
63) 8) text: Emma and Alice stop short just outside in the street, pau as they sense they've interrupted. ALICE
64) 0) text: Alice and Emma walk with Meg down the narrow street at th end of which the party guests stroll and Jean-Pierre wait for Alice, with Penelope, Domenico and Nikolai. ALICE
64) 1) text: The guy from the market? EMMA
64) 3) text: Chef . EMMA
64) 9) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 69. is EXT. PLACE DE CASINO -- DAWN Alice, Emma and Meg, arms linked, round the corner into t square with the rest of the party guests, just as the ver edge of the sun crests the horizon of the open sea. Alice turns to Meg and Emma, sharing this moment so far beyond anything they could have dreamed. MEG
64) 11) text: If we were home. EMMA
64) 14) text: Cordelia! Cordelia! EMMA
64) 15) text: Oh, good! I want a picture! Of the three of us! All of us! The paparazzi swarm from the steps towards Emma. EMMA (CONT'D)
64) 16) text: By the fountain! She runs for the sprays of water, pulling Alice and Meg, the paparazzi meet them, flashing away. Leaning against the fountain's balustrade, Emma gestures everyone to join them. EMMA (CONT'D)
64) 17) text: Penelope! Come on. I want one with everybody! Penelope, Domenico and Jean-Pierre join with other member the group and Emma lines them all up. EMMA (CONT'D)
64) 20) text: She spots Nikolai observing at a short distance.  EMMA (CONT'D)
64) 21) text: Wait! Wait! Niki! He shakes his head, bashful, but Emma gestures him over, swinging her arms wildly. EMMA (CONT'D)
66) 1) text: Excuse me. Pardon me. Richard skirts around a man with a newspaper to retrieve bag and heads for customs. As Richard exits, the man folds his newspaper to its bold headline: SCOTT MAKES A SPLASH!, and a huge photograph of Emma, Alice and Meg laughing together in the fountain.
67) 0) text: Emma enters from the bedroom in a swimsuit and wrap, to f Alice hanging up the desk phone. EMMA
67) 2) text: Okay, there's a two o'clock and a four o'clock train to-- EMMA
67) 3) text: Train? Where are you going? Alice looks up and takes in Emma's costume.  (CONTINUED)    
67) 5) text: Where are you going? EMMA
67) 8) text: (off Alice's look) What's going on? (TO EMMA)
67) 9) text: What happened? EMMA
67) 10) text: I don't know. She's talking about train schedules... Emma trails off as she and Meg and Alice look between eac 
67) 12) text: We need to start packing, right? If we're going back to Paris-- EMMA
67) 15) text: What plan? EMMA
67) 19) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 72. CONTINUED: (2) EMMA 
67) 22) text: Alice, what's with you? We'll pay for the room-- EMMA
67) 25) text: Lying? To who? Jean-Pierre? EMMA
67) 30) text: What friends? EMMA
67) 31) text: I've got friends. The doorbell rings and they turn their heads in unison, t look to each other with sudden alarm. A beat. Emma goes to the door, finding Penelope, also dressed for beach, who holds up the newspaper with it's fountain phot  (CONTINUED)    
67) 33) text: Have you seen? EMMA
67) 38) text: Oh. of course. Where--? Alice shows Penelope to the bedroom, closes the door and spins to face Emma and Meg.  ALICE (HUSHED PANIC)
67) 39) text: This is what I'm talking about! This is why we have to go-- EMMA
67) 48) text: You can't even bring yourself to buy a pair of jeans anymore-- EMMA
67) 50) text: No way. Not anymore I'm not. You want to go to the beach? Go to the beach. You want to go the market? Go! "Liberte, egalite, fraternite!" EMMA
67) 53) text: Exactly. EMMA
67) 58) text: (off Emma's look) Don't look at me like that. The door opens, and Alice re-enters, striding across the for the desk, not looking at either Emma or Meg. ALICE
74) 0) text: Penelope, dressed for the evening, gets up from reclining the bed to join Emma who models a gown before a mirror. The two regard Emma's reflection, cocking their heads in identical manner at precisely the same time. Penelope draws a necklace in gesture, indicating Emma's b 
74) 1) text: collar bone. Emma turns, lit by an idea, and pulls the'steel briefcase from its hiding place beneath the bed.
76) 0) text: A pair of strolling LOVERS draw Richard's attention as he massages his stockinged foot at a sidewalk table. He watches them stop, kiss, then continue on their way. A WAITER returns with Richard's change on a plate and Ric fits his shoe back on his foot, gathers his things to sta He stops when he notices the front page of a newspaper fo on a chair at the next table. He quickly unfolds it to the photograph of Alice and Meg Emma in the fountain, scans down to the caption: Cordelia Scott and friends in Monte Carlo. Hotel de Paris, etc...
78) 0) text: Emma wears Cordelia's elaborate necklace, standing alone, within a throng of PARTY GOERS, all conversing in French. she nods and smiles absently, though she's clearly lost, of her element, when Giorgio approaches. GIORGIO
78) 1) text: Where is Meg? I do not see her. EMMA
78) 4) text: Emma drifts away to the ship's rail where she turns to  survey the party, smiling wistfully at Penelope and Domen locked in intimate conversation. PHOTOGRAPHER
78) 5) text: Cordelia! There she is! Cordelia! The trio of paparazzi putter alongside in a small boat, peppering the yacht with their camera flashes. Emma looks out at them, without her usual animation. PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
78) 6) text: Smile, Cordelia! Please, smile! Emma waves, but can't seem to manage that smile. NIKOLAI
78) 7) text: Ty v poryadke? Emma turns to find Nikolai standing beside her in white t a piece of cake extended in one hand, a fork in the other Emma's eyes light up as if a switch has been thrown and t flash of a camera records her huge, dazzling smile. EMMA
78) 8) text: Niki. He bows slightly, offering the cake. EMMA (CONT'D)
78) 10) text: Ya sa-meey shas-li-veey che-lo-vek na zem-le, pa-ta-mu chto u me-nya yest' tee. Emma hangs on every incomprehensible word. NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
78) 11) text: Vy menya panimayete? EMMA
86) 0) text: Empty and half-filled glasses, bottles litter every surfa along with plates, ashtrays, crumpled napkins. Emma sits on the lower landing deck, legs in the water, s in her hand, looking out at the lights. Nikolai moves his legs in the gentle current beside her, tuxedo trousers rolled, while he concentrates on working napkin into intricate folds. Emma turns to look back at the silent boat.  EMMA
86) 3) text: Ya ryadom. EMMA
86) 5) text: I know how that can feel. Nikolai holds up the napkin he's transformed into a crown adorned with flowers and the wire cages from Champagne co Emma looks at him, her face soft and vulnerable, open, as Nikolai places the makeshift crown on her head with care.  (CONTINUED)    
86) 7) text: My princess. They look at one another for a beat, then simultaneously to the sea and the frail sky, awaiting the sun. EMMA (SOFTLY)
86) 8) text: You get me. Nikolai looks down at his hand on the edge of the deck ne to Emma's, and turns it palm up in invitation. Emma places her hand in his. EMMA (CONT'D)
90) 0) text: Nikolai shrugs himself out of his formal shirt to stand before Emma in nothing but starfish printed boxer shorts. He lifts his hands: This is me. Here I am. Emma hesitates, then lets her gown fall around her, bare except for her panties, the necklace, and her napkin crow Nikolai pushes himself off the side of the boat at a run, hiking up his legs into a cannonball. SPLASH! He surfaces and turns back to the boat just as Emma dives with a SPLASH! She swims to Nikolai, pushing him under in a child's game and he pops up, spitting water like a fountain. They laughs and Emma loops her arms around him. A beat as they sober. 
90) 1) text: Emma pulls Nikolai close to her, and they kiss. On the landing deck, Emma's gown shimmers in the morning with Nikolai's crown and Cordelia's yellow gem and diamon necklace nestled among its satin folds.
93) 5) text: Where have you been? The driver leads her away, neither she nor Richard having taken note of the nearby newsstand and its display of tod front page: Emma on the yacht wearing Cordelia's necklace
96) 0) text: Alice opens the door for Emma who stands up from retrievi the morning paper just outside the door. EMMA
96) 1) text: (hands off paper) Thanks. I couldn't find--. I musta left my key someplace... (on a cloud) But, what does it matter, really? When I already have everything I'll ever need... Alice exchanges a look with Meg as Emma swans across the suite to tear open on the fruit basket, pluck out an appl and drape herself across a chaise.  (CONTINUED)    
96) 3) text: is EMMA (CONT'D) Moooorning, Meg... (back on track) For the first time in my life, everything makes perfect sense, you know? MEG
96) 4) text: I'm trying to follow you-- EMMA
96) 5) text: I'm in love! I am! Oh, you guys, I'm in love with Niki... Nikolai... Nikolai. And, I don't care if he is just a busboy. Or waiter. Whatever he is... Alice unfolds the paper, taking in the image of Emma wear Cordelia's necklace. EMMA (CONT'D)
96) 8) text: I thought we said no jewelry-- EMMA
96) 10) text: What? Alice holds up the newspaper. EMMA
96) 12) text: The necklace, Emma! Emma's face clouds as she distractedly reaches a hand to bare collar bone, then flicks her eyes up to Alice. ALICE (CONT'D)
96) 13) text: Emma, where's the necklace--?  (CONTINUED)    
96) 15) text: Emma leaps up and races to the window, throwing the doors wide as Alice and Meg dash after her onto the balcony. EMMA
98) 0) text: Alice, Emma and Meg race around, frantically grabbing clothes, stuffing them into shopping bags.
102) 0) text: CLICK! Alice, Meg and Emma freeze in their tracks at the very center of the suite, their heads swinging toward the door when they hear the key inserted from the other side.
105) 1) text: Stavros is supposed to be here, isn't he? I don't see his boat! Alice carefully turns to Meg and Emma who look back her w desperate faces from the balcony on the far side of Corde where they balance with their shopping bags.
107) 3) text: They each look about for a route of escape. Emma looks down, on the heads of the unsuspecting paparaz while Alice scrutinizes the facade above. Alice looks at Meg. MEG (CONT'D)
107) 4) text: No. Forget it. Alice laces her fingers together, turning to Emma. ALICE
107) 5) text: Emma, help. MEG ALICE--- ALICE
107) 6) text: You're first. There's a door on THE ROOF-- EMMA
108) 0) text: Shopping bags swing up over the edge of the roof, landing profusion, followed by three sets of gripping hands. Alice, Meg and Emma haul each other over the hotel's crow the view of the ocean and the yachts in the bay behind th
110) 2) text: One point five million Euros, Emma! (CONTINUED)    
110) 3) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 98. CONTINUED: EMMA 
110) 6) text: For the auction, Emma! MEG
110) 7) text: My kids'll be in college when we get out! They won't even know me. EMMA
110) 10) text: For the children--! EMMA
110) 12) text: I'm standing in a stolen boat! EMMA
113) 0) text: EMMA
113) 2) text: Oh, I can't believe this... Meg doubles over, hands on her knees as Emma stands over empty spot on the landing. ALICE
113) 3) text: Are you even sure you took it off? EMMA
113) 6) text: Do not even say it! EMMA
113) 8) text: Emma, we're not talking about a pair of sunglasses! MEG
113) 9) text: We don't have time for this! Let's just split up! Alice you go fore, Emma take the aft, and I'll check the cabin. Emma glares at Alice with steely, narrowed eyes. EMMA
115) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma reconvene in the cabin's salon, each coming from a different direction. MEG
115) 2) text: Where is he, anyway? EMMA
115) 4) text: Who knows?! I mean, is there  anyone who understands a word he says?! EMMA (STRICKEN)
115) 6) text: Emma, it's your fault because you wore it in the first place! EMMA
116) 0) text: Nikolai picks up the hotel phone as he removes Emma's roo key from his pocket. NIKOLAI (TO OPERATOR)
117) 6) text: You go ask him how much he thinks a simple "thank you" might cost. She hangs up her cell with a sniff and raises the apple, stopping when she sees where Emma has eaten. She recoils, dropping the apple, which rolls across the carpet and hits one of Emma's sandals beneath the desk. Cordelia approaches, looking down to discover the other sandal in the wastebasket, along with Emma's broken plast tiara, room service dishes, and the newspaper. (CONTINUED)    
117) 8) text: Cordelia pulls the newspaper from the trash, curiosity  turning to shock as she takes in the huge torn photograph Emma wearing her necklace.
118) 2) text: Oh, yeah, that was the first thing that struck me about her. How reasonable she seemed-- EMMA
118) 4) text: We should have sailed that yacht right back to Wisconsin-- EMMA IS (SELLING HERSELF)
118) 8) text: Just thinking out loud. EMMA
121) 0) text: Domenico and Penelope head for the ballroom entrance and Richard arrives at the front desk, just as the clerk's ph begins to ring. Richard holds up the newspaper with Emma's photo. RICHARD
123) 0) text: Nikolai steps into the elevator, the doors closing, just Alice, Emma and Meg throw themselves through the lobby's revolving door. At the desk, the clerk hangs up one phone to pick up anot stalling Richard again with his finger. CLERK
123) 2) text: The clerk stops, spotting Emma as she, Alice and Meg, spr past the front desk and Alice wipes out, tripping over he own suitcase on the floor beside Richard.  (CONTINUED)    
123) 4) text: Oh! Richard whips around to see Alice spread-eagled on the ma floor as Meg and Emma slide to a stop. RICHARD
123) 7) text: Alice! EMMA
123) 17) text: Excusez moi, Mademoiselle Scott? EMMA
123) 22) text: No! (dials it down) A misunderstanding. We're fine. She's fine. (TO EMMA)
123) 23) text: You're fine, right? EMMA
123) 26) text: But, we've got a little situation-- EMMA
123) 30) text: I'll explain everything! I promise! They take off for the elevator. EMMA
124) 4) text: Emma and Meg, as Nikolai removes the necklace from his po and reaches to ring the suite's bell again. EMMA
124) 7) text: Don't touch that bell! They race down the hall towards Nikolai, who gapes, perpl by the sight of Emma. EMMA
126) 0) text: Emma kisses Nikolai as she pushes him onto the elevator. EMMA
126) 2) text: Ya tebya lyublyu. EMMA
126) 3) text: I know. Me, too. The doors close and Emma sprints back down the hall to Al and Meg at the door. EMMA (CONT'D)
127) 3) text: Finally--! She opens the door. A beat where Cordelia focuses on Alice and Meg first, possibly remembering them, then she registers Emma. She blinks, completely nonplussed. ALICE
129) 1) text: You can save your "sorrys" for the POLICE-- EMMA
129) 6) text: You stole from me--! EMMA ONLY BORROWED-- MEG
129) 7) text: We haven't taken anything-- EMMA
129) 8) text: And, we dry-cleaned the dresses-- Meg and Alice wince, look daggers at Emma. CORDELIA (ICY DISGUST)
129) 9) text: You wore my clothes? EMMA
129) 14) text: Well, there will certainly be no AUCTION NOW-- EMMA
129) 21) text: But, look at you! Emma takes a step towards her doppelganger, facing off. EMMA
129) 22) text: Well, look at you! ALICE EMMA-- CORDELIA  (DRIPPING CONTEMPT)
129) 23) text: Common country cows playing dress up. Pretending to be something you're not. Trying to be something that not one of you could ever hope TO BE-- EMMA
129) 24) text: You mean miserable? Cordelia blinks. EMMA (CONT'D)
129) 26) text: You--! EMMA
129) 27) text: Bitch! Cordelia slaps Emma across the face. Alice and Meg gasp and they all stand a beat in shock.  (CONTINUED)    
129) 29) text: Emma raises a hand to cup her cheek as Alice and Meg turn slowly to Cordelia, their faces set like warrior masks.
131) 0) text: Alice shoves Cordelia roughly into a chair, thrusting her back down as she tries to struggle up, points at Emma. ALICE
131) 6) text: Because no matter where you go, no matter where you jet to in this world, you are still going to be you. (points to Emma) And, let me tell you; she is who you want to be! The all freeze when a BANGING erupts at the door.
133) 1) text: Cordelia, it's the police. Emma turns her head from the mirror she faces.  EMMA
133) 9) text: Emma turns, holding the necklace up to her throat. EMMA
133) 12) text: When she found it-- EMMA JUST NOW-- ALICE
133) 13) text: She was so happy-- EMMA
133) 16) text: kill you? EMMA (LIGHTLY JOKING)
133) 19) text: She said she would die. If she didn't find it-- EMMA
133) 24) text: It is. He looks back and forth between Alice and Emma. JEAN-PIERRE (CONT'D)
133) 25) text: Very lucky. EMMA
133) 27) text: (falling for it) Allow me to escort you, Mademoiselle. As a precaution. Emma, spots one officer poking his way toward the bedroom EMMA
133) 29) text: Alice, are you coming, dear? Jean-Pierre takes Alice's elbow as Emma leads the captain the rest of the group from the suite. ALICE
135) 0) text: DING! Richard and Nikolai both look up as the elevator do open and Emma emerges led by the police captain. Nikolai leaps up. NIKOLAI
135) 2) text: Alice? Alice winces as she sees Richard approaching, at the same time Nikolai rushes to Emma. EMMA
135) 4) text: Ya sdelayu vsyo, chto smogoo--  EMMA
135) 5) text: Perfect! That sounds good. Emma is led to the ballroom by the captain as Richard mee Alice and Jean-Pierre in the center of the lobby. ALICE
140) 0) text: Emma models Cordelia's necklace on a stage for over a hun GUESTS with Domenico fielding bids beside her. DOMENICO
140) 10) text: Yes ! EMMA (TO HERSELF)
140) 11) text: No. Nikolai smiles up at Emma as ANOTHER GUEST raises a Champ glass in bidding. DOMENICO
142) 1) text: Eight hundred! The crowd applauds happily. EMMA
142) 3) text: Vsyo, chto ya de-la-yu, lish dlya. EMMA
142) 12) text: The bid stands at eight hundred THOUSAND EUROS-- EMMA
142) 15) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 12 1. CONTINUED: EMMA (CONT'D)
142) 18) text: Emma! Jean-Pierre reacts to Alice's "Emma!" as she breaks away. RICHARD
142) 19) text: Alice--! She climbs the stage to Emma before the baffled audience. EMMA
142) 21) text: Actually, it's not. Let him bid. EMMA
142) 24) text: One million! EMMA
142) 26) text: One million Euros! EMMA
142) 31) text: Oh, shhhh-- EMMA
142) 34) text: Wait! Penelope steps up onto the platform, shielding Emma and A as the police come forward and Meg climbs up.
142) 44) text: We never meant to mislead anyone-- EMMA (TO NIKOLAI)
142) 46) text: We're very sorry. And, we're willing to face the consequences, whatever they are... But... She turns to Meg and Emma as a smile blossoms. ALICE (CONT'D)
142) 49) text: We wouldn't change a minute of it. EMMA
142) 54) text: One million six hundred thousand! EMMA
142) 70) text: Three million Euros! EMMA
142) 72) text: Emma. It's okay. EMMA
142) 83) text: Nikolai takes Emma's hands in his up on stage.  EMMA
142) 85) text: Ya das-ta-nu to-be zvyoz-dee. Emma nods, without any real understanding, as he indicate the necklace. NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
142) 86) text: Is my gift. For you. Emma's eyes slowly come into focus as it all becomes clear-and she FAINTS.
143) 0) text: Together, Alice, Meg and Emma offer an envelope fat with Euros to Jean-Pierre. They stand, with Richard, Bernard, Nikolai, Penelope and Domenico, beside a waiting sedan at the base of the hotel steps where the trio of paparazzi shoot away.  ALICE
143) 9) text: Yes. They embrace and Meg turns with Alice to Emma who stands in arm with Nikolai. ALICE
143) 10) text: Now, Emma, you're sure about this? EMMA
144) 0) text: Jean-Pierre closes the car's door with Alice, Meg and Ric inside, stepping back to join Emma, Nikolai, Bernard, Penelope and Domenico, who watch as the car pulls out. Together, they wave their friends away. Jean-Pierre shakes hands with Nikolai and kisses Emma, ti his head in farewell to Bernard, then enters the hotel wi Penelope and Domenico. Emma and Nikolai shake hands with Bernard, then turn and for the marina, trailed by one of the paparazzi while the other two pause to reload their cameras. As Bernard hops on his moped to zip away, the revolving d turn and Cordelia steps out, talking on her cellphone, followed by a train of bellhops and luggage. CORDELIA
147) 0) text: Under a beating sun, Emma, dressed in immaculate white li holds hands with Nikolai as a MOB OF LAUGHING CHILDREN an their TEACHERS greet them outside a new Marchand Foundati schoolhouse.  (CONTINUED)    