2) 0) text: TWO GIRLS ( 17) laugh conspiratorially, dredging woven po holders through an egg mixture and dropping them into a sputtering pan, as the rest of the CLASS makes French toa The girls sneak looks at MEG KELLY (30's) who tears recip from a Gourmet magazine at her desk at the front of the r Dark hair pulled into a pony tail, face unadorned by make Meg's natural sexiness is muted by an air of indifference She glances up when the pan erupts in flames and the girl leap back with a shriek, shakes her head. The girls attempt to knock the pan from the burner with t handle of a broom when a pot lid bangs down, instantly snuffing the flames. They shrink back as Meg waves the lid, clearing the smoke
2) 1) dialog: Do me a favor, and let's just try to get to vacation. The class bell RINGS! 
3) 5) dialog: Remind me again why we're taking phonebooks to France? Alice gives her a look.
3) 6) dialog: I love my binder. I do.
3) 8) dialog: Forgot her purse. (watching the students)
3) 16) dialog: You know, for the first time in a long time, I feel just as lucky as  any of these kids. They may have their whole lives ahead of them but we've got a week in Paris.
3) 18) dialog: Funny.
3) 20) dialog: Look at her. The only teacher in Racine County that wears four inch heels in six feet of snow.
3) 26) dialog: Where'd you find it?
3) 39) dialog: The fact that you have trouble finding a date--
3) 41) dialog: Gives me less than no hope.
5) 0) text: Meg pulls a well-worn stuffed dog from her open suitcase the couch, holding it up to her daughter, FINN (6) who we a spangled tutu and cowboy boots.
5) 2) dialog: Finn, if Edith goes to Paris with me, she can't go to Daddy's with you. Finn's brows come together as she considers this, then reaches for the dog.
5) 3) dialog: That's what I thought.
5) 6) dialog: Toothbrush? Seamus makes a face, drops his bag and heads back up the stairs as the doorbell rings.
6) 0) text: GLENN (30s), in a police uniform, watches Meg squeeze her children tightly.
6) 1) dialog: 
6) 17) dialog: You and me? (a nod to the car) Or...
10) 0) text: Meg sleeps in an aisle seat of the dim coach cabin where the window shades have been drawn down, Emma dozing besid her, a game of cards laid out on her tray table.
12) 0) text: Alice emerges with Meg and Emma, each struggling with the luggage, onto the thronged arrivals deck. EMMA
12) 6) text: I'm traveling with my friends, Meg Kelly and Emma Lindgard-- MADAME VALERY (FLAT)
14) 1) text: (over bus's P.A.) On your right... Alice, squashed beside Meg on the over-crowded bus, whips head up from her guidebook.
14) 4) text: Hey, Alice! Meg! Alice and Meg turn to Emma across the aisle, who hooks a thumb at CARL and DEEDEE (late 60's, both stout) beside h EMMA (CONT'D)
14) 7) text: Alice, that's like you! (back to couple) We're here celebrating my friend Meg's divorce! 0    
16) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma race past gallery after gallery, tryi to keep Madame Valery's little blue flag in sight as it f over the crowd in the distance. Alice whipsaws her head at everything they're missing, ma notes in her guidebook on the fly. ALICE
17) 0) text: Madame Valery leads the charge up the right wing of the D staircase, past the statue of Winged Victory. Alice stops Meg and Emma in front of the statue, while Ca and Deedee try to catch their breath on the landing.  ALICE (READING FAST)
17) 2) text: Oh. Alice turns Meg and Emma around to come back down. DEEDEE
18) 0) text: Emma elbows her way out of a crush of raised cameras and cellphones to Alice and Meg who strain at the rear of the CROWD to view a painting, all but the top of its gold fra obscured.  (CONTINUED)    
19) 0) text: Meg and Emma sit hunched over Emma's camera and its shaky digital image of the Mona Lisa, squeezed in with Alice an the rest of their tour at too few tables. EMMA
19) 1) text: Alice, I'll e-mail it to you. Meg looks up, catching Alice eyeing their surroundings. MEG
19) 5) text: Hey! I'll bet you have jet lag! We'll probably all get it! Meg raises a glass of wine. MEG
19) 6) text: To jet lag. Emma and Alice raise their glasses to toast as WAITERS pl down identical plates of steak frites before them. MEG (CONT'D)
19) 14) text: If you're not using it. As Emma passes the bottle of catsup, Meg offers Alice her napkin, and waiters sweep their plates away, replacing th with creme brulees. ALICE
19) 19) text: I'm sorry, but-- MEG
21) 2) text: I researched at least a million TOURS-- MEG
21) 3) text: Well. This is the one we could afford. A beat as they consider the room and their lot in life. MEG (CONT'D)
21) 5) text: Five nights? Here?! MEG
21) 8) text: Here's your outhouse, Meg. Go nuts. Alice joins Emma at the bathroom door.  (CONTINUED)    
21) 11) text: Okay, Emma. Let's just unpack-- she turns for the luggage, nearly falling over at the wei of Emma's suitcase as she reaches to lift it. MEG (CONT'D)
21) 12) text: Holy--! Alice, help-- Alice climbs onto one of the beds to help Meg lift. ALICE
21) 14) text: Just the stuff you put on my list-- (off her look) And a couple options. The bag slips from Meg's grasp, crashing onto the foot of bed which collapses, catapulting Alice onto the cot which flips up over her, knocking Emma into the tiny bathroom.  EMMA (CONT'D)
22) 0) text: Alice gazes out a window that opens onto a narrow alley a the ugly backsides of buildings, as Meg and Emma sleep fitfully behind her. She looks down at the cellphone in her hands, scrolling through her speed dial to stop at: 1. Richard. She hesitates with her thumb over the "call" button. She turns back to the miserable view, considering for a b then folds her phone away as she blinks back tears.
24) 2) text: It's from right here that all the highway miles in all of France are measured. They also say that if you stand on this exact spot, you are be destined to return to France in the future. MEG
24) 24) text: We've waited thirty years-- MEG
24) 28) text: Now, I think I've been very nice. We're from Wisconsin. But, I'm telling you, I am not getting on that bus until my friends and I have seen Notre Dame. Meg and Emma exchange looks as Alice plants herself with folded arms and steely resolve before Madame Valery. MADAME VALERY
25) 0) text: The bus pulls away, revealing the Japanese couple who ret Emma's camera with a bow, Meg, and Alice holding the flag EMMA
25) 1) text: That was fantastic! MEG
25) 3) text: bus's rear window. MEG (CONT'D)
25) 5) text: Now, the real tour can begin! MEG
26) 0) text: Water pours in sheets from the sky as Alice, Meg and Emma splash down the Rue de Rivoli and duck beneath the shelte the hotel's canopy. They shake water from their arms and hair, pluck at their sopping clothes. PHOTOGRAPHER 1
26) 5) text: Oh. Meg and Emma turn to gape as well at the DINERS and elega tables inside as the rain hammers down. ALICE (CONT'D)
27) 0) text: Meg and Emma step into the lobby, a palatial world of mar gold and flowers, as Alice confers with the DOORMAN. EMMA
27) 3) text: Merci. (joins Emma and Meg) Okay, Emma, it's down the hall to the left. Meg and I'll go and get us a table-- EMMA
27) 5) text: Wow... MEG
27) 9) text: (hooking Meg's arm) We're going to do one thing right in Paris. I don't care how much it costs. They turn for the dining room, passing the front desk whe CORDELIA WINTHROP SCOTT (dressed similarly to Emma, thoug ten times the cost) unleashes her ire on the CONCIERGE. CORDELIA
28) 4) text: You would not believe these people. So rude! She takes her phone into the stall next to Emma's and clo the door just as Alice and Meg enter.
28) 6) text: Alice and Meg look at one another in the mirror, overhear Cordelia, as they pick up towels to dry off.
28) 12) text: Reykjavik? Would I need a coat? A toilet flushes and Cordelia opens her stall door, heads the counter, oblivious to Alice and Meg who freeze with t towels, blinking at her uncanny resemblance to Emma. CORDELIA (CONT'D)
28) 13) text: Do you know if there's an evening flight--? Alice and Meg turn to each other, then to Cordelia's reflection in the glass, their mouths hanging open.  CORDELIA (CONT'D)
28) 14) text: Ooh, I think I can just make it. No. I won't even check out here. It's better if everyone thinks I'm being a good girl and taken the trip down to-- Cordelia stops when her eyes snag on Alice and Meg. CORDELIA (CONT'D)
28) 15) text: Let me call you when I get to the airport. It may take awhile... She gives Alice and Meg a devastating look up and down. CORDELIA (CONT'D)
28) 16) text: It appears to be raining outside. Quite hard. She picks up her purse and exits without looking back jus Emma opens her stall door and joins Alice and Meg, who ga at her with towels in their hands. EMMA
29) 0) text: MEG
29) 2) text: Well, she sounded awful. And kind of mean. Alice, Meg and Emma, punchy and a little drunk, enjoy win from enormous glasses as they finish their meals. ALICE
29) 5) text: The waiter retreats, joining FIVE others standing at discreet, fearful attention, all careful not to look at E whom they've clearly mistaken her for Cordelia. MEG
29) 8) text: That's still France, right? MEG
29) 10) text: Oh, I'd love to see that. Us in Monte Carlo. MEG
29) 14) text: Remind me to have Daddy buy this hotel so that I can knock it down. Alice and Meg laugh with Emma as the waiters head for the kitchen in panic. WAITER
29) 15) text: (whispers to other) She is a monster! MEG
29) 17) text: Darling, Meg. Always making me laugh! (DROPPING IT)
30) 5) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 30. CONTINUED: MEG 
31) 0) text: Alice enters, steering around a tower of Louis Vuitton luggage, as Meg pulls a fresh bottle of Champagne from a bucket of ice. ALICE
31) 3) text: On what planet? Come on. We were only going to take a look! MEG
31) 5) text: Meg! Meg takes the bottle and crawls up with Emma. EMMA
31) 7) text: two kilometers... A lot happened today. ALICE BUT-- MEG
31) 10) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 31. CONTINUED: MEG
31) 11) text: (makes room for Alice) Agreed. Alice climbs up and together, the three pass the bottle o Champagne as they study the ceiling's ornate plasterwork. MEG (CONT'D) (LAUGHS)
31) 14) text: I did surprise her-- MEG
31) 19) text: Like, are they bigger? You know? Do you dream a more amazing life? Meg kicks off her shoes, lets them drop. MEG
32) 0) text: A telephone rings, stirring Alice. It rings again. She reaches for it in her sleep as Emma sits up groggily beside Meg curled around the empty Champagne bottle. ALICE (ANSWERING)
32) 3) text: Oh, yes. Yes... EMMA (SHAKING MEG)
32) 4) text: Meg, wake up. We're in trouble-- Meg pulls herself up, sees Alice on the phone. MEG 
32) 7) text: We were only joking! We didn't mean to--! MEG
33) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma attempt to conceal themselves behind Cordelia's tower of cases as it's wheeled from the elevat by two PORTERS.  (CONTINUED)    
33) 5) text: Mademoiselle Scott, this came for you this morning. The package you were seeking? Emma merely blinks at the offered envelope. MEG
34) 0) text: As they emerge, the manager and doormen hustle Alice, Emm and Meg towards a waiting car and driver, as paparazzi ca and shoot from across the boulevard. ALICE
34) 5) text: A beat, as Emma and Meg look to Alice for direction and t frenzied calls of the paparazzi increase.
35) 1) text: It's fine. It's fine. We'll just have him drop us off... Alice and Meg look out the back window at the manager who waves them farewell, the doorman shooing photographers. MEG
35) 2) text: They really do think she's her... RIP! Alice and Meg spin to Emma as she spills the envelop contents. EMMA
35) 6) text: No. We're not. MEG (TAKING ITINERARY)
35) 9) text: Emma, for crying out loud. Meg, you want to help me out here? MEG
35) 11) text: See? Meg wants to go. Don't you, Meg? (CONTINUED)    
35) 13) text: No, Meg, doesn't. Meg looks up from the itinerary, shrugs. MEG
35) 17) text: I can think of a lot of things-- MEG
35) 18) text: You're in charge. You want to go back to that hotel, okay by me. A beat while Alice looks between Meg and Emma, trapped. MEG (CONT'D) 
37) 2) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 36. CONTINUED: MEG 
37) 5) text: Go, look, come right back. It's a good plan. Alice, Meg and Emma clink glasses. MONTAGE:
41) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma delight as the helicopter banks along coast, the Mediterranean glittering in blue and green bel A craggy ridge falls away and all of MONTE CARLO unfolds step upon step of coral rooftops, cream and gold. END MONTAGE.
42) 0) text: Alice, Emma and Meg step from a limousine, blinking in th bright sunlight to take in the square in front of the hot its fountain and the adjacent casino.  (CONTINUED)    
42) 2) text: Okay! What do we want to do first? Check out the palace, or the beach? MEG EMMA
42) 10) text: Oh, I'm sorry! This is Alice Perry and Meg Kelly. Two of my dearest friends. Visiting from America! ALICE (SHAKING HANDS)
42) 11) text: Hello. Jean-Pierre has trouble pulling his eyes from Alice as he shakes Meg's hand. JEAN-PIERRE
42) 14) text: I'll say. Emma sneakily indicates Jean-Pierre's empty ring finger t Alice and Meg as he consults his wristwatch. EMMA (CONT'D) (WHISPERED ASIDE)
42) 16) text: I'm terribly sorry, but, I am already late for a meeting-- MEG
43) 1) text: Oh, would you look at these kids? MEG
43) 2) text: No, I can't. I can't stand it. Emma reads to Alice and Meg from the brochure in the seat area of their luxurious suite, enjoying none of it, nor t incredible balcony view of Monte Carlo's marina and bay. EMMA
43) 3) text: "With your help The Michand Foundation is able to sow the seeds of education, transforming lives, families, and villages, one child at a time..." She didn't say anything about a school! MEG
43) 6) text: In Africa. MEG
43) 8) text: In Africa. Meg hangs her head. EMMA
43) 11) text: She did? MEG
44) 0) text: Alice and Meg stand in front of the tower of Louis Vuitto trunks and cases while Emma idly thumbs the combination l of a steel briefcase in her lap. ALICE
44) 1) text: Okay. But, just for tonight. And, that's it. CLICK! Alice and Meg look to Emma, holding the now open briefcase, eyes wide. EMMA
44) 5) text: Then it.all goes back. MEG
45) 0) text: The gaming hall's towering ornate doors are opened by TWO DOORMEN for Alice, Emma and Meg to make their big entranc Cordelia's couture chiffon, silk and organza. Heads held high, backs straight, they strike a remarkable tableaux as they pause in unison at the top of the room's raised landing to survey the swirl of roulette wheels and tony European jet set. (CONTINUED)    
45) 2) text: At first glance they look spectacular, but under closer  scrutiny one can read Meg's composed discomfort in wearin dress that is too tight, nearly spilling her breasts, and self-consciousness Alice endures in a dress made daringly short by her height. But, this is because we know them; to all other eyes they only belong here, they own the room. They glance at one another, eyebrows up: "We're here!" EMMA
45) 5) text: Enchante.  Jean-Pierre assists Meg and Alice, Meg clutching the top her dress, Alice anxiously keeping the skirt of hers in p with a hand as she steps down. JEAN-PIERRE
45) 13) text: Shall we? Alice and Meg allow Jean-Pierre to lead them, following E as GAMBLERS break from their games to track these three elegant women gliding smoothly through the room. MEG
46) 2) text: Oh, but, I really wasn't planning on playing this evening. I so much prefer to watch-- Emma looks to Alice and Meg for help as Jean-Pierre leads them to the far side of a low railing to view the game. DOMENICO (A WINK)
46) 6) text: Alice moves to sit, but then remembers her skirt, looks t Meg who is unable to even raise a leg in her tight dress. ALICE (TO JEAN-PIERRE)
46) 11) text: They're playing for money? (turns to Meg, flat) IS
46) 13) text: Cordelia, why don't you do us the honor of setting this evening's stakes? Emma glances over to Alice and Meg who look back at her, ashen, and turns to the players who smile expectantly. EMMA
46) 17) text: That is if anyone is able to make change. A beat. Jean-Pierre, Domenico and all the other players burst out laughing and Emma smiles, laughing too, but shoots a desperate look to Alice and Meg. DOMENICO
46) 22) text: You would not know it, but she is very funny. MEG
46) 24) text: Mademoiselle Scott starts us at ten thousand a hand. Alice and Meg freeze, their champagne glasses sliding fro their hands, while Emma's eyes grow as large as all the zeroes on Domenico's chip. DOMENICO (CONT'D)
47) 3) text: Emma sits locked in a cool stare-down over the top of her cards with Domenico across from her at the tensed table. Meg downs a glass of Champagne in one gulp, snagging the of the WAITER's jacket, hauling him back for a refill. The waiter turns to Alice, who pats at her face with a da napkin, struggling to breathe. MEG
47) 7) text: I'm all in. The other players gasp and Alice fails to suppress a whim as she grasps Meg's pouring hand, spilling Champagne, dra Jean-Pierre's attention. JEAN-PIERRE
47) 21) text: (whisper to Alice) Now, go sit down and try to be cool, would you? Jeeze! Let me handle this. Alice moves back to her stool, tries to smile as she take the water Jean-Pierre offers. MEG
47) 23) text: We're going down, Meg. Going down hard. DEALER
47) 26) text: Alice and Meg turn helplessly to the game table. DOMENICO
47) 31) text: I do hope there are no hard feelings. The other players cheer as Domenico's smile crashes. Emma shrieks with delight, turning to Alice and Meg who g each other, barely keeping themselves from pitching over, glasses spilling, as the other players applaud. Emma rakes in the Everest of multi-colored chips with bot arms, laughing as she's congratulated. DOWAGER
48) 0) text: Domenico and Jean-Pierre, each toting buckets of chips, escort Alice, Emma and Meg to the elevator, all giddy. DOMENICO
48) 3) text: It's been such a splendid evening, I am reluctant to press my luck any further. MEG
48) 9) text: Meg collects the buckets from Domenico and steps on. MEG
49) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma jump up and down, screaming like girl a slumber party, chips flying everywhere. MONTAGE:
50) 1) text: Alice, Meg and Emma burst through the salon doors into th street, their hair color richer, eyes brighter, a new lightness to their step; vivid, brilliantly polished vers of their essential selves. Heads turn as they set out together.
51) 0) text: The wings of a brass-framed three-way mirror spin and spr in a swirling kaleidoscope of shifting reflections: Alice, Meg and Emma work their way through an increasingl spectacular and audacious series of combinations, dresses gowns, modeling for each other as they are tended to by SHOPGIRLS and SEAMSTRESSES... --Alice twirls in a navy dress with white polka dots. --Meg slaps her own ass with a laugh, admiring herself fr the back in a pair of pencil thin sexy black jeans. --Emma glows in a pale lavender strapless satin gown. END MONTAGE:     
52) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma watch as a number of their dresses ar boxed and a CASHIER writes them up. SHOP GIRL
52) 3) text: But, it would be darling if you could have them sent round our hotel. MEG
53) 0) text: MEG
53) 3) text: No. I'm not going to tell you what to do. MEG
53) 5) text: Oh, Meg! Look! For Finn! (CONTINUED)    
55) 14) text: Meg and I've had this bet going: She thought it would be on Alice's next birthday, but I knew it was going to be this trip to France! RICHARD
56) 1) text: sportscoat, pauses in collecting leeks when he spots Meg the other side of the open stall. He watches as she surveys the rich array of fresh produce lifting a tomato to her nose, inhaling with a private smi Meg bites into the tomato, spurting juice onto her cheek down her front. She looks up as she attempts to wipe the juice away, stop when she catches Bernard smiling with amusement. Meg rolls her eyes with self-deprecation and moves on alo the line of stalls. Bernard pays for his purchase and follows, finding Meg at another stall where a FRENCHWOMAN tries to communicate ho prepare the fish they both admire. Meg nods, not entirely understanding, but getting enough it to gesture responses. The woman grabs some newspaper, wrapping the fish, and thrusts it towards Meg with a smile.  (CONTINUED)    
56) 2) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 55. CONTINUED: MEG
56) 3) text: Oh, no. No. I'm sorry. I'd like to. But... The woman is confused, vaguely insulted. MEG (CONT'D)
56) 5) text: She is only a visitor. Without a kitchen. But, it is a beautiful fish. Maybe next time. Meg turns to find Bernard beside her. BERNARD (CONT'D)
56) 6) text: I have explained. Meg hesitates uncertainly before this friendly stranger. MEG
56) 9) text: You are American. Meg glances at Bernard and away, uncomfortable, but curio drawn by his warmth and the familiar greetings he exchang with various vendors as they walk. MEG
56) 10) text: From Wisconsin. Yes. Bernard reaches a handkerchief from his jacket for Meg. BERNARD
56) 11) text: You cook in Wisconsin? Meg uses the handkerchief to blot the remaining tomato ju MEG
56) 13) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 56. CONTINUED: (2) MEG (CONT'D)
56) 15) text: Ah, langoustines. Many ways to PREPARE THESE-- MEG
56) 17) text: Court-bouillon. MEG (IMPRESSED)
56) 19) text: With sea water. Amazing. MEG
56) 21) text: As you say, "I try." (offers his hand) Bernard. Rochand. Meg shakes his hand and returns the handkerchief. MEG
56) 22) text: Meg. Kelly. Thank you again for YOUR HELP-- BERNARD
56) 23) text: And, how long are you in Monte Carlo, Meg? Meg's brow furrows slightly and she turns to head back. MEG
56) 26) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 57. CONTINUED: (3) MEG (LAUGHS)
56) 28) text: "Bernard." MEG
59) 0) text: A cascade of yellow and gold balloons washes over Alice a she dances with Meg and Emma to a Euro-trance-pop beat at center of the crowded dance floor. Emma screams with delight in a new dress and plastic tiar batting balloons as Domenico who spins her away. Alice watches with heightened vigilance as Emma dances wi her prince and blows a kiss to Alice and Meg. MEG
59) 4) text: Actually, sometimes Richard and I go to Madison's on Saturdays-- MEG
59) 6) text: (shrugs, matter of fact) They've got the best music. MEG
59) 14) text: What? Oh, yeah, of course... Meg dances by herself, having a great time, taking in the room, the music and the people, when a handsome MAN begin match her moves, insinuates himself. She smiles but shakes her head as she moves away, turning back to evade him. Another gorgeous MAN sidles up to Meg, joining her solo dance, wiggling his eyebrows invitingly. MEG
59) 15) text: No, thanks. She moves off only to be met by GIORGIO (40's, sexy, Euro suave) who smoothly steps in. MEG (CONT'D) NO-- GIORGIO (GRINNING WIDE)
59) 30) text: Excuse me! She dodges away from Jean-Pierre, hooking Meg's arm in passing, yanking her away from Giorgio as she heads for E PENELOPE
59) 31) text: Don't pretend you don't remember! Third year at Le Rosey! You threw my luggage in the pool. Set fire to my mattress. You cut off all my HAIR-- MEG
59) 41) text: (to Alice and Meg) she turned all my friends against me... They had to send me away... To live with the nuns-- Emma grabs Penelope by the shoulders. EMMA
59) 43) text: But, I had no way of finding you after you left us, and...Oh, Penny. Don't you see? Don't you know that I was just jealous? Alice and Meg exchange looks. PENELOPE (SMALL)
59) 53) text: To do this. Emma opens her arms wide and pulls Penelope into a hug. She looks at Alice and Meg over Penelope's shoulder, and closes her eyes with genuine emotion for a beat, pulling to smile into Penelope's grateful, tear-streaked face.  EMMA (CONT'D)
60) 13) text: Oh, brother. Meg sits further down the length of all the tables laid e to end, beside Giorgio, who has pulled his chair close, draping an arm casually across the back of hers. MEG
60) 16) text: Giorgio laughs. MEG (CONT'D)
60) 18) text: His patrol partner. A beat as Giorgio shakes his head sadly. MEG (CONT'D)
60) 19) text: I thought I was his partner. Giorgio takes Meg hand, more in comfort than come on. GIORGIO
60) 20) text: You heart feels betrayed. MEG
60) 22) text: I tell you this: A man...he will always love the mother of his children. Meg blinks, taking this in. GIORGIO (CONT'D)
60) 23) text: Now you must kiss someone else. MEG (LAUGHS)
60) 25) text: To break the spell. You must! Then you will be free. A plate of beautifully arranged langoustine is placed on table in front of Meg. (CONTINUED)    
60) 26) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 66. CONTINUED: (3) MEG 
61) 3) text: Where's Meg? Alice looks around and sees Giorgio walking alone among t strolling party guests. ALICE
63) 0) text: Bernard enters with the tray, stopping when he sees Meg examining a menu by the front door of the empty bistro. MEG (SLY SMILE)
63) 2) text: You enjoyed your meal? MEG
63) 3) text: Adding the fresh orange; nice. Bernards nods, accepting the compliment. MEG (CONT'D)
63) 6) text: Meg! What are you doing? Come on! We're going to watch-- (CONTINUED)    
63) 9) text: We were--. We're going to watch the sunrise. Meg hesitates, turning between her friends and Bernard. BERNARD (SMILES)
64) 0) text: Alice and Emma walk with Meg down the narrow street at th end of which the party guests stroll and Jean-Pierre wait for Alice, with Penelope, Domenico and Nikolai. ALICE
64) 2) text: He is so cute! And a cook--! MEG 
64) 4) text: And you're single now! Meg slows to a stop, stands a beat. MEG (QUIETLY)
64) 6) text: You know, Julia Child didn't take her first cooking class until she was thirty seven. MEG (SMILES)
64) 9) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 69. is EXT. PLACE DE CASINO -- DAWN Alice, Emma and Meg, arms linked, round the corner into t square with the rest of the party guests, just as the ver edge of the sun crests the horizon of the open sea. Alice turns to Meg and Emma, sharing this moment so far beyond anything they could have dreamed. MEG
64) 16) text: By the fountain! She runs for the sprays of water, pulling Alice and Meg, the paparazzi meet them, flashing away. Leaning against the fountain's balustrade, Emma gestures everyone to join them. EMMA (CONT'D)
64) 22) text: Nikolai, you, too! I need all my friends--Whoops! Her feet zip out from beneath her and she sails backwards over the balustrade, reaching for Alice and Meg, pulling with her as the camera's flash.
66) 1) text: Excuse me. Pardon me. Richard skirts around a man with a newspaper to retrieve bag and heads for customs. As Richard exits, the man folds his newspaper to its bold headline: SCOTT MAKES A SPLASH!, and a huge photograph of Emma, Alice and Meg laughing together in the fountain.
67) 6) text: I'm going to the beach. With Penelope. Meg enters through the suite's door carrying a bakery bag MEG
67) 10) text: I don't know. She's talking about train schedules... Emma trails off as she and Meg and Alice look between eac 
67) 14) text: That was the plan-- MEG
67) 17) text: We were just going to come down, take a look around and-- MEG
67) 21) text: The ones we stole a trip from? The kids who are paying for this room? MEG
67) 24) text: So, I'm the only one worried about the fact that we're lying to everyone we've met? MEG
67) 27) text: And now I'm apparently the only who's worried we might get caught. MEG
67) 29) text: One of her friends is bound to find out, or her family-- MEG
67) 34) text: Oh, my god! We look great! (ushers Penelope in) Alice, look! Alice takes the paper, Meg reading over her shoulder. MEG (LAUGHS)
67) 38) text: Oh. of course. Where--? Alice shows Penelope to the bedroom, closes the door and spins to face Emma and Meg.  ALICE (HUSHED PANIC)
67) 40) text: Doesn't it mean we have to stay? MEG
67) 42) text: I won't--? Jump? Meg drops into a chair, mumbling an aside to herself. MEG
67) 43) text: Now I know how Richard must feel. Alice comes to a full stop and gapes at Meg, stung.  (CONTINUED)    
67) 45) text: Richard...? MEG (FEEBLE APOLOGY)
67) 47) text: Well, you're sure one to talk. Meg's eyes flick up to Alice. ALICE (CONT'D)
67) 49) text: Okay, you know what? Let's just pack. It's not fun anymore. Alice, if you think we should go, then that's what we're gonna do. You're in charge. Meg scoffs, an exasperated exhale. ALICE 
67) 52) text: It means everyone should do exactly what they want. MEG
67) 57) text: She exits, slamming the door behind her. A beat. MEG
67) 58) text: (off Emma's look) Don't look at me like that. The door opens, and Alice re-enters, striding across the for the desk, not looking at either Emma or Meg. ALICE
75) 0) text: Meg opens the door from the street, stepping inside, wear the sexy jeans she hadn't bought the day before. Bernards's father makes his way to meet her with menus. EMILE
75) 1) text: Madame? MEG
75) 2) text: Just one. He leads her to a table along the wall and holds out a ch Seated, Meg follows him with her eyes to the kitchen wher Bernard works furiously at the stove, tossing the content a sauce pan with an expert flick of his wrist. Bernard glances out to the dining room, seeming to sense before knowing he'll find her there.  (CONTINUED)    
75) 4) text: 0 Meg matches the broad smile that sweeps Bernard's face.
76) 0) text: A pair of strolling LOVERS draw Richard's attention as he massages his stockinged foot at a sidewalk table. He watches them stop, kiss, then continue on their way. A WAITER returns with Richard's change on a plate and Ric fits his shoe back on his foot, gathers his things to sta He stops when he notices the front page of a newspaper fo on a chair at the next table. He quickly unfolds it to the photograph of Alice and Meg Emma in the fountain, scans down to the caption: Cordelia Scott and friends in Monte Carlo. Hotel de Paris, etc...
78) 1) text: Where is Meg? I do not see her. EMMA
79) 0) text: MEG
79) 2) text: Elle est coquin, oui? MEG
79) 4) text: Not a chicken. He says, she looks like a rascal. MEG 
79) 5) text: No idea where she gets that... Meg lifts her glass with a sly smile as Bernard brings pl of food to the table. MEG (CONT'D)
81) 1) text: But, she is perfectly safe. MEG
81) 2) text: Yeah. No. No way. Bernard straddles a beat up moped, motor running, as Meg shakes her head emphatically. BERNARD
81) 3) text: I can not take you, if you will not get on. MEG
81) 4) text: What do you want me to tell you? I'm not getting on that thing. Bernard fixes her with a level look, which Meg mimics. BERNARD (AMIABLY) 
81) 5) text: C'est bon. Au revoir. He swings a leg over the moped, revs the engine. MEG
82) 0) text: Meg hangs on to Bernard as they zip along the beachfront drive and turns her face to the wind with a smile. She surrenders to the ride, the sheer fun of it, laughing MEG
83) 0) text: Bernard and Meg, flush from their ride, enter the kitchen through a back door, to be hailed by a half-dozen CHEFS crowded around a table littered with dishes. IS (CONTINUED)    
83) 5) text: This is Meg, from America. (TO MEG)
83) 6) text: And this is Henri, the worst egotist, my mentor. The two men embrace, merrily kissing each other on both cheeks, then Henri pulls Meg under his arm. HENRI
87) 0) text: Meg tries to follow the discussions and familiar teasing the chefs as they pass plates, goading her to taste. She looks over at Bernard, who smiles as he holds his han up at the scene, his boisterous friends, the food; as tho 
87) 1) text: to say "this is good, enjoy." Meg relaxes her shoulders and gives in to the spirit of t table, spears a bite of food and lifts her glass to Berna CUT TO:
87) 2) text: Meg and another chef, locked in a chopping duel, plow tho onions at a blinding pace, their knives flashing, creatin escalating staccato on their cutting boards. Meg sweeps her onion from her board to a pan, and slams h knife down in victory as all the chefs erupt with applaus Henri seizes Meg's hand, raising her arm in the air, and presents her with a bottle of wine. Meg turns to Bernard, beaming, thrilled, utterly happy, a the other chefs clap her on the back, shake her hand.
94) 0) text: Meg zooms the moped around the fountain a last loop, Bern on the back, before jerking to a stop in front of the hot Bernard steadies the moped as Meg climbs off. ME G
94) 4) text: A beat as they face each other, neither knowing how to en the evening, how to say goodbye. MEG
94) 6) text: I will, Meg. MEG
94) 7) text: Thank you. Meg hugs him briefly, awkwardly, then turns for the steps BERNARD
94) 8) text: Goodbye, Meg. Meg stops, holds a beat with her back to Bernard. Then she turns and marches to him with purpose, seizing h face in both her hands and kisses him passionately. She releases Bernard, who staggers against the moped, catching himself just before going over, as she turns aga for the steps, an enormous smile on her face. IS
95) 1) text: (leaving a message) Well, I wish you were there. Or here. I wish you were here, Richard. I do... Because I keep thinking, no matter what I see, I'm only seeing half of it. Because we're not seeing it together... Meg lets herself in the front door and heads for the bedr stopping when she overhears Alice on the phone. ALICE (CONT'D)
95) 2) text: I'm sorry, Richard. I hope you'll be there when I get home... Because that's all I want. Alice hangs up the phone, so lost in thought she doesn't Meg standing at the door.  (CONTINUED)    
95) 3) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 91. CONTINUED: MEG (SOFTLY)
95) 5) text: Oh. Hey-- (taking Meg in) Hey! You bought the jeans! They look great--! MEG
95) 7) text: No. It's okay. You were right-- (bursts into tears) Oh, Meg! I made a huge mistake! MEG
95) 9) text: Richard asked me to marry him-- MEG
95) 11) text: I told him we should wait a week! MEG
95) 13) text: I did! He surprised me! MEG
95) 17) text: That I hadn't already been to France. It was like this wave, all the years, and chances I'd had but didn't take, they just crashed down on me: And I hadn't seen anything but the end of Lake Avenue. The only clear thought in my head was, "this guy is so wonderful, how can he marry half a person?" MEG
95) 20) text: All I had to do was say, "yes." MEG
96) 1) text: (hands off paper) Thanks. I couldn't find--. I musta left my key someplace... (on a cloud) But, what does it matter, really? When I already have everything I'll ever need... Alice exchanges a look with Meg as Emma swans across the suite to tear open on the fruit basket, pluck out an appl and drape herself across a chaise.  (CONTINUED)    
96) 3) text: is EMMA (CONT'D) Moooorning, Meg... (back on track) For the first time in my life, everything makes perfect sense, you know? MEG
96) 9) text: No--? What jewelry? MEG
96) 15) text: Emma leaps up and races to the window, throwing the doors wide as Alice and Meg dash after her onto the balcony. EMMA
96) 16) text: The yacht! There! I left it on--! MEG
98) 0) text: Alice, Emma and Meg race around, frantically grabbing clothes, stuffing them into shopping bags.
102) 0) text: CLICK! Alice, Meg and Emma freeze in their tracks at the very center of the suite, their heads swinging toward the door when they hear the key inserted from the other side.
105) 1) text: Stavros is supposed to be here, isn't he? I don't see his boat! Alice carefully turns to Meg and Emma who look back her w desperate faces from the balcony on the far side of Corde where they balance with their shopping bags.
107) 0) text: Alice climbs across to the next balcony where Meg tries t handles of another set of French doors. MEG
107) 3) text: They each look about for a route of escape. Emma looks down, on the heads of the unsuspecting paparaz while Alice scrutinizes the facade above. Alice looks at Meg. MEG (CONT'D)
107) 5) text: Emma, help. MEG ALICE--- ALICE
108) 0) text: Shopping bags swing up over the edge of the roof, landing profusion, followed by three sets of gripping hands. Alice, Meg and Emma haul each other over the hotel's crow the view of the ocean and the yachts in the bay behind th
110) 0) text: Meg turns to get a gauge on the distant yacht as she and Alice labor with the oars of a fisherman's dinghy. MEG
110) 4) text: I said I was sorry! You think I would have worn it if I knew how much it cost? Busy fighting, none of them notice as Nikolai's boat pass fifty feet off their side. MEG
110) 6) text: For the auction, Emma! MEG
110) 8) text: None of us knew that, Alice-- MEG
110) 11) text: In Africa. I know! MEG
113) 1) text: It was right here! MEG
113) 2) text: Oh, I can't believe this... Meg doubles over, hands on her knees as Emma stands over empty spot on the landing. ALICE
113) 5) text: Well... Were you this close to the edge? I mean, it could've fallen-- MEG
113) 8) text: Emma, we're not talking about a pair of sunglasses! MEG
115) 0) text: Alice, Meg and Emma reconvene in the cabin's salon, each coming from a different direction. MEG
115) 3) text: He just works here. I don't-- (an idea forming) You don't think he could have taken it, do you? MEG
115) 7) text: He works like fifteen jobs already! You don't know what it's like being around rich people all the time-- MEG
118) 1) text: Well, we're just going to have to talk to her. MEG
118) 3) text: (seizing on the idea) Yeah, we'll just explain. MEG
118) 5) text: it was an accident. This whole THING-- MEG
118) 7) text: Meg? MEG
123) 0) text: Nikolai steps into the elevator, the doors closing, just Alice, Emma and Meg throw themselves through the lobby's revolving door. At the desk, the clerk hangs up one phone to pick up anot stalling Richard again with his finger. CLERK
123) 2) text: The clerk stops, spotting Emma as she, Alice and Meg, spr past the front desk and Alice wipes out, tripping over he own suitcase on the floor beside Richard.  (CONTINUED)    
123) 4) text: Oh! Richard whips around to see Alice spread-eagled on the ma floor as Meg and Emma slide to a stop. RICHARD
123) 5) text: Alice? MEG ALICE
123) 15) text: A week's an awfully long time. MEG
123) 20) text: You--? You still need security? Alice and Meg's heads swing in the clerk's direction. CLERK (CONT'D)
123) 25) text: Richard, we've got to-- (sighs, in love) I can't believe you're here--! MEG 
123) 27) text: (grabbing Alice's arm) It'll just take a minute! We'll have her right back! MEG
124) 4) text: Emma and Meg, as Nikolai removes the necklace from his po and reaches to ring the suite's bell again. EMMA
124) 6) text: The necklace! MEG
126) 3) text: I know. Me, too. The doors close and Emma sprints back down the hall to Al and Meg at the door. EMMA (CONT'D)
127) 0) text: Cordelia approaches the door cautiously and spies through peep hole at the back of Meg's head. CORDELIA
127) 1) text: Yes? Who is it? MEG
127) 3) text: Finally--! She opens the door. A beat where Cordelia focuses on Alice and Meg first, possibly remembering them, then she registers Emma. She blinks, completely nonplussed. ALICE
129) 6) text: You stole from me--! EMMA ONLY BORROWED-- MEG
129) 8) text: And, we dry-cleaned the dresses-- Meg and Alice wince, look daggers at Emma. CORDELIA (ICY DISGUST)
129) 11) text: Wha--? What children? MEG
129) 19) text: They all did. Cordelia looks at Alice a beat as this lands with her. MEG
129) 27) text: Bitch! Cordelia slaps Emma across the face. Alice and Meg gasp and they all stand a beat in shock.  (CONTINUED)    
129) 29) text: Emma raises a hand to cup her cheek as Alice and Meg turn slowly to Cordelia, their faces set like warrior masks.
131) 3) text: You know, I feel sorry for you-- MEG
134) 1) text: You okay in here? Meg sits on top of Cordelia who is tied to a chair with a scarf, the fruit-basket apple jammed in her mouth. MEG
135) 19) text: Oh! Monsieur Ludovic! Welcome! As Nikolai is ushered into the auction with great fanfare the lobby's revolving doors turn and Bernard enters, carr Meg's bottle of wine. 0    
136) 0) text: Meg, holding the apple, sits facing Cordelia, still tied chair, the two glaring at each other. CORDELIA
136) 1) text: You will never get away with this. MY FATHER-- MEG
136) 2) text: Believe me, nothing would make me happier than having a little talk with your father-- Both their heads swing toward the door when the bell RING Meg jumps to Cordelia, stuffing the apple in her mouth ju as she opens it to scream.
137) 0) text: Bernard looks up when Meg opens the door a crack. MEG
137) 2) text: We forgot your prize. MEG
137) 4) text: I have come at a bad time? MEG
139) 0) text: MEG
139) 4) text: I think--. You are busy. I think now I go-- Meg reaches out to stay him with a hand on his arm. MEG
139) 5) text: No. Bernard, wait-- CLICK! Meg and Bernard both turn their heads to look down the corridor when Cordelia sticks her head out the bedroo door into the hall. A beat as Cordelia and Meg lock eyes. DING! The elevator doors open at the end of the hall, clo to Cordelia. She looks back at Meg for an instant then bolts as Meg le past Bernard into the hall. MEG (CONT'D)
141) 0) text: Bernard races to catch up as Meg flies down the stairs. BERNARD
141) 1) text: But, Meg! Why do we run? Meg stops on a landing, turns. MEG
141) 3) text: To America? MEG
141) 4) text: Something like that. Look, this is where we should say "au revoir." Bernard smiles and pulls Meg to him, kisses her. BERNARD
142) 30) text: The crowd gasps, stepping back to reveal Cordelia in the  center of the ballroom, backed by all the police, just as .and Bernard enter, skidding short when they see the crow MEG
142) 32) text: Merde. Richard, Jean-Pierre, Penelope, and Domenico all swing between the two "Cordelias," as Meg makes her way forward with Bernard. CORDELIA
142) 34) text: Wait! Penelope steps up onto the platform, shielding Emma and A as the police come forward and Meg climbs up.
142) 43) text: We wanted to help. MEG (TO BERNARD)
142) 46) text: We're very sorry. And, we're willing to face the consequences, whatever they are... But... She turns to Meg and Emma as a smile blossoms. ALICE (CONT'D)
142) 47) text: But, this was our adventure. MEG
142) 79) text: Anywhere you want, Alice. We'll go anywhere you want. They kiss as Meg finds Bernard who shakes his head with a broad smile, holding out the bottle of wine. MEG
143) 0) text: Together, Alice, Meg and Emma offer an envelope fat with Euros to Jean-Pierre. They stand, with Richard, Bernard, Nikolai, Penelope and Domenico, beside a waiting sedan at the base of the hotel steps where the trio of paparazzi shoot away.  ALICE
143) 1) text: This is for our room. And the trip down. MEG
143) 6) text: Thank you. Meg turns to Bernard, holding up the bottle of wine, as Richard places Alice's suitcase in the trunk with their shopping bags.  (CONTINUED)    
143) 7) text: Monte Carlo Draft 3 - November 4, 2007 127. CONTINUED: MEG
143) 9) text: Yes. They embrace and Meg turns with Alice to Emma who stands in arm with Nikolai. ALICE
143) 11) text: I'll call you both as soon as I know. They may have to get a sub at school for a couple of weeks, but, oh, you guys, I swear it sounded like a proposal! Alice and Meg turn to Nikolai who grins and nods away. NIKOLAI
144) 0) text: Jean-Pierre closes the car's door with Alice, Meg and Ric inside, stepping back to join Emma, Nikolai, Bernard, Penelope and Domenico, who watch as the car pulls out. Together, they wave their friends away. Jean-Pierre shakes hands with Nikolai and kisses Emma, ti his head in farewell to Bernard, then enters the hotel wi Penelope and Domenico. Emma and Nikolai shake hands with Bernard, then turn and for the marina, trailed by one of the paparazzi while the other two pause to reload their cameras. As Bernard hops on his moped to zip away, the revolving d turn and Cordelia steps out, talking on her cellphone, followed by a train of bellhops and luggage. CORDELIA
145) 0) text: Alice sits between Richard and Meg at the departure gate, each lost in their own thoughts as TRAVELERS pass to and A long beat. A small smile finds its way onto Alice's face and she gen lowers her head to rest it on Richard's shoulder. Richard finds Alice's hand and squeezes it in his own.
146) 0) text: Meg walks down the jetway in her skinny jeans, a bounce i her step, shopping bags in one hand, the bottle of wine gripped in the other, as though headed for a party. Behind her, Alice carries her shopping bags and Richard t Alice's suitcase.
148) 0) text: A bulletin board in Meg's classroom is covered in African fabric, photographs and letters, all under a banner that reads: Food Drive for Our Sister School - Zambia. The two students who had cooked their pot holders sort ca goods beneath the board, while Meg cooks, surrounded by t rest of her CLASS.
148) 2) text: A STUDENT carefully scoops spices with a measuring spoon, holding it out for Meg to add to her pan. She ignores the spoon, instead reaching to pinch some spi with her fingers and encourages the student who follows h example.