1) 0) text: A tight cluster of horses thunders into the home stretch. In a sudden burst of speed, Number "7,"" a big bay with black mane and tail, pulls away and moves up on the out- side. The crowd goes wild!
8) 10) dialog: (disgusted) Is he going’to make it?
8) 16) text: As the horse rears he loses his balance, but somehow rallies, grabs the saddle hor steadying himself and turns on the devastating smile. FREEZE FRAME and SUPER MAIN TITLE: THE ELECTRIC HORSEMAN.
13) 0) text: We HEAR SOUNDS OF THE GAME, as Sonny roars up in his white Cadillac. He gets out, starts toward his trailor when he sees the AMPCO Man coming toward him. Sonny sneaks a look at his watch, but for once the AMPCO Man doesn't look annoyed. looks smug.
13) 4) dialog: No rush. Come with me a minute. “This isn't their usual routine. Sonny follows AMPCO under the stands to a place where they can see the field. As they reach it we HEAR:
13) 8) dialog: They don't know it.
20) 0) text: She streaks through the gambling tables with Bernie, her cameraman, in tow.
29) 0) text: ‘ Reporters and news people listen to a "spiel" about AMPCO clothes, modelled by high fashion mannequins moving through a staged routine. Hallie moves through the crowd to the "Ranch Breakfast" display that fea- tures the cutout of Sonny, complete with blinking Lights. FASHION VOICE . '... im an exciting "jockey" motif, constructed of synthetic fiber developed in AMPCO's new synthetics laboratories. This revolutionary fiber called "AMP-STRAND" will outwear even the most durable nylons. . (MORE) (CONTINUED)
29) 6) dialog: Saw his sidekick hanging around. I think he's in the bar,
39) 30) text: On her way to the: elevators. =The late night. shooters a lean quietly into their games.- An overly made-up woman s alone at the roulette wheel. CAMERA FEATURES Charlotta pl blackjack. She spots Hallie, gets up with her chips, and to her mo a wa tbst not : :
41) 0) text: Workmen are dismantling the white fence and rolling up the astroTurf. :
43) 0) text: He races toward us, dodging a waiter with a breakfast cart. Behind him a woman exits a room, putting money in her purse.
46) 580) text: He's net Superman, heto net in- visible, he's not a...radically advane@d thinker. He's not even ‘well. He's...a cowboy. We, on the other hand are, theorctically, a group of men- and women who have lbuilt....all this. We have moncy, we have airplanes, we have heli- coptors, we have computers.
52) 0) text: and Rising Star. And every other animal known to man. Cows, sheep, a few pigs, some squawking chickens. Hallie and Sonny are on their stomachs in the stinking hay. Hallie holds an Yves St. Laurent scarf over her nose and mouth. She's allergic to sheep and it's beginning to show. Sonny looks over at her. Watches her a moment.
53) 248) dialog: . Or make that call for you?