25) 0) text: ANGELA'S (30) weary eyes open. She's on her belly hidden between track ties and shadows even deeper. Grips a police-issue revolver tight. She's pinned down, unable to move.
25) 1) dialog: Yeah... The MAN is thirty feet down the same track. Their VOICES ECHO off the curved walls, come from everywhere. How either of these two got here isn't important.      Wh will get out is.
25) 3) dialog: Put your weapon on the tracks and step out with your hands above your head.
25) 8) dialog: That's just not going to happen.
25) 10) dialog: (almost pleading)
25) 14) text: Get off the tracks! Blueline is coming! Clear the tracks! Angela peeks over the track.     Still no sign of her per The TRAIN is coming INTO VIEW and its BEAM shoots through the tunnel, turning every particle of dust into a superno The SOUND is DEAFENING.
30) 0) text: Locker door opens and Angela is there, covered in the grime of the subway. She's pained as she pulls off her shoulder holster. Looks at herself in the door mirror. Tired, aging eyes stare back. WEISS (O.S.)
30) 1) text: Gutsy move out there, Dodson. Angela glances at DETECTIVE WEISS as he opens his locker. ANGELA
30) 3) text: You're alive. Bad guy's dead. No point in using the other words. ANGELA
30) 5) text: Even though it was reckless -- irresponsible -- stupid... ANGELA
30) 7) text: You're good, Angela, real good but one of these days... ANGELA (heard it before)
30) 8) text: I know, nobody's luck lasts forever. He meets her eyes.    Exactly.     He really does care. Weiss breaks it off, leaves. Angela turns to close her locker door, notices her reflection does not turn. She grabs the door, looks back in. Reflection is as it should be. She shudders, slams the locker door.
36) 0) text: Angela sits inside.
36) 1) dialog: I killed a man today.   Another one. FATHER GARRET sits on the other side of the mesh window.
36) 3) dialog: Most cops go twenty years without firing their gun. Not me. I always seem to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
37) 0) text: Angela arrives home. Pours milk for a cat.     Lets her hair down. Slips off her shoes. ANGELA (V.O.)
37) 1) text: I didn't even see his face. I just pulled the trigger and he went away. Just like all the others... Angela in the SHOWER -- trying to wash off the guilt. FATHER GARRET (V.O.)
37) 2) text: These feelings are natural in your line of work, Angela. I'd be worried if you didn't have them. Angela now in a recliner, cat in her lap.   She's tired. Eyes are heavy. FATHER GARRET (V.O.)
37) 3) text: But you have to be strong. You can't allow your faith to be overshadowed by guilt. ANGELA (V.O.)
37) 4) text: I'm trying. Her eyes close. ANGELA (V.O.)
38) 0) text: Angela's eyes open. An Angela whose frightened features are dripping with a fever sweat. She's in a hospital gown, stares around a corner. Janitor polishes the floor in the distance. A nurse checks off charts in the f.g. And right between the two darts Angela, unseen by anyone.
39) 0) text: A metal fire door swings open and Angela bursts out -- breathing deep. She runs across the tar roof, almost afraid to look back. She gets to the ledge, steps up.   A BOTTLE in the way fall -- FOLLOW IT DOWN TO the --
42) 0) text: Barry approaches across the barren courtyard, leans down to Angela's contorted body. But she's still alive. Barry stares into eyes that are fading fast. He reaches out, touches her face. Eyes close. She's gone.
43) 0) text: Angela stirs awake.   Disturbed. OVER this we hear INCESSANT COUGHING --
44) 3) text: It's her, Angela...
45) 2) text: It's Isabel. They arrive at the covered body in the courtyard. Coroner sees Angela approach and lifts the sheet from the face. Angela comes to a dead stop, emotions coming fast and furious. She leans close and we see a mirror of Angela. That's when you realize that wasn't a dream. This is her twin. But that circular symbol is nowhere on her wrist now. Angela's eyes well with tears. It takes everything she has to stay in control. Helps to wrap herself in the job. She steps back, looks up at the tall building. ANGELA
45) 4) text: No.   She jumped. Angela gives him an incredulous glare.   Shakes her head. WEISS
45) 9) dialog: Isabel would never in a million years take her own life. Never.
47) 1) text: Angela shudders as a comforting HAND rests on her shoulder.
50) 0) text: Angela is on the move. Emotions are coming in strong. She can't get out of here fast enough. She aims for the elevators, sees a MAN has just entered one.
50) 1) dialog: (rushing toward it)
50) 2) text: Wait, hold the door! Angela, gets to the elevator, looks in. John stands inside alone. This should be the first time we realize they were in the same hospital.
50) 3) dialog: Going down? John pauses as the doors start to close.
56) 5) dialog: I'm not staying long either. John glances over and for the second time they make contact. Something about her eyes. John stares a bit too long. Angela looks back toward the fireplace.
56) 6) dialog: My business with him is urgent.
56) 11) dialog: So you're rude no matter where you are. John gives her a look. The two men shake hands and start to part. John and Angela make their move toward the men. Both are surprised when Angela goes for Father Garret and John goes for -- -- the SNOB, officially known as GABRIEL.       Yes, that
56) 13) dialog: Why is he stalling on this? My sister needs a Catholic funeral.
56) 15) dialog: She didn't commit suicide.
56) 17) dialog: Father... David -- this is Isabel. (meeting his eyes)
57) 0) text: Angela stands on the porch at the edge of a downpour. She hears a cough, looks over to see John standing on the other side, looking equally frayed. They share another glance.
57) 7) text: John?   It's raining! Hey! Angela watches John disappear in the rain, looks down at the empty cigarette pack.
60) 0) text: That surveillance VIDEO FOOTAGE from Ravenscar plays again. There's Isabel in her nightgown walking across the roof. Spread out on a cluttered coffee table is Isabel's case file. CORONER'S REPORT is opened. Let's see "NO DRUGS IN SYSTEM" and the biggie -- "Cause of Death -- SUICIDE." Angela sits on the couch in her robe.      Disheveled and distraught. She's taking this hard.
60) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Isabel... She lowers her head.     And in that brief moment of silence --
60) 3) text: Constantine. Angela snaps back to the TV, freezes in shock. There's Isabel ready to jump but this time she's looking right back AT us -- at Angela. Then she's gone. Angela quickly rewinds the tape and watches the sequence again. This time Isabel doesn't look back. This time there is no name. But Angela did see it. Did hear it. She sits for a second.     Stunned.
62) 0) text: The name JOHN CONSTANTINE is center screen on a monitor -- typed into the police station's SEARCH ENGINE. Angela sits alone in the squad room, rain streaking across the windows. Interpol comes back with results and a list of priors scroll under John's name. Must be a hundred PARKING VIOLATIONS. Several SPEEDING tickets and a few RECKLESS ENDANGERMENT. In fact John's license has been REVOKED. But it's the other incidents that draw Angela in.
62) 5) dialog: L.A.P.D.   This is Dodson, hello? Dead air. The next PHONE RINGS. Angela reaches for it when the NEXT ONE RINGS, and the NEXT, the NEXT. The RINGS HOP phone to phone in intimidating mockery. Angela freezes, forces herself to stay calm.     Sure enough, the RINGS abruptly CEASE. Angela reaches over, rips the page from the printer, leaves.
65) 1) text: Welcome to my life. ANGELA (O.S.)
65) 2) text: Mr. Constantine? John looks up, spots Angela.        Those eyes again. ANGELA
65) 5) dialog: And --
65) 10) dialog: I'd like to ask you a few questions.
65) 12) dialog: Could you just listen then? Angela sets her LAPD detective badge on the table.
65) 13) dialog: Please?
65) 15) dialog: My sister was murdered last week.
65) 17) dialog: Her name was Isabel.   Isabel Dodson? She looks for a reaction.     None.
65) 18) dialog: You don't remember her?
65) 20) dialog: You sure?
65) 26) dialog: She was a patient at Ravenscar. Then last Tuesday she just decided to step off the roof.
65) 28) dialog: Isabel would never take her own life.
65) 30) dialog: Look, I know I'm not making much sense -- hell I'm not really sure what I'm doing here... I just feel -- the circles you travel in -- the occult, demonology, exorcisms... John just stares at that spider in the glass.       Trapp
65) 31) dialog: I believe someone got to her, Mr. Constantine, brainwashed her into stepping off that roof. Some kind of legion or cult.
65) 33) dialog: Well I thought with your background and experience, you could at least point me in the right direction.
65) 35) dialog: My sister always talked about a world better than this. Heaven as some call it. She wasn't afraid of dying because she knew it was waiting for her. What everyone fails to grasp is that if she had really taken her own life --
65) 40) text: That about right? The words have hit so hard that Angela is speechless. John sees the hurt in her eyes, would like to take it back -- but it's too late. She turns and starts out, slows --
65) 41) dialog: You're not the only one afraid of Hell. John tries not to let that get to him. She leaves. He glances out the window, watches her pass by. So long. Good riddance. But something's not right. Those deep shadows on the buildings seem to be moving. John watches, confused, realizes they're heading in Angela's direction.
66) 0) text: Cars are lined all the way down the street. Angela walks along the sidewalk unaware of the shadow following her. It's joined by another in the trees -- both closing in with each step.
66) 7) text: How about what comes out of each? Angela keeps walking.      He catches up with her.
66) 9) dialog: You mean like angels?
66) 12) dialog: Look, I see terrible things every day. A mother drowns her baby. A ten-year-old shoots his father. But it's not demons, it's the evil that men do. Behind them, a streetlight BLINKS OUT. Then another. They're not looking back so they don't see it.
66) 18) dialog: I don't believe in demons.
67) 0) text: They make it through the gate, pass through an alley of overhanging trees. Something RIPPLES through the branches -- flitters right past Angela's face. She swats at it, manages to get a branch across the cheek. They near the Good Shepherd and the floodlights FLICKER, fade out. Statues of saints become dark monoliths. John stops in an OPEN AREA between trees and a mausoleum. A lit CROSS on the wall provides the only illumination. Angela feels the scratch on her cheek, sees a trickle of blood. Now she hears SOUNDS in the darkness. Like LEATHER RUBBING. Surrounding them.
67) 1) dialog: What is that?
67) 6) dialog: Wings? John rummages through his trench coat -- fishes out that cloth Beeman gave him. The one supposedly wrapped around Moses.
67) 8) dialog: Are you kidding? Of what?
67) 11) dialog: Why?
67) 18) dialog: (coming up behind)
67) 23) dialog: What? You can't be serious... this is impossible...
67) 27) dialog: (a bit thrown)
67) 34) dialog: How?
69) 0) text: John stares at a photo of Angela and her father in police uniform. Obviously happier times. Angela walks out of her bedroom holding a cardboard box. That gray cat follows close to her heels.
69) 1) dialog: These are all Isabel's things.
69) 3) dialog: Yeah, why...? John ignores the box of items, picks up the cat. He studies it a bit, then sits back in a chair with it.
69) 4) dialog: Don't you need candles and a pentagram for this to work?
71) 0) text: In that same motion we left her in -- Angela finishes pushing the door closed. As it LATCHES --
71) 2) text: Angela... come back in... Confused, Angela pushes the door back open. Cat BOLTS out. Angela catches her breath, moves inside.
72) 0) text: John sits slumped in the chair, drained. Steam rises off his skin. Angela sees the water in the bucket has almost all boiled out. She walks in, kneels down to him.
72) 1) dialog: John?     What happened?
72) 5) dialog: How?   How did you do this...? John tries not to stare into those eyes too long.     Fai
76) 1) text: So I took things into my own hands and I found a way out. ANGELA
78) 0) text: ANGELA
85) 3) dialog: Sounds like you're trying to buy your way into Heaven.
85) 5) dialog: Why you? I mean many go to Hell, why were you able to escape?
85) 11) dialog: God has a plan for all of us.
85) 13) dialog: Isabel saw things too. John looks up. Moment is lost when her CELLULAR RINGS. The cop in her reacts, flips it open.
85) 14) dialog: Detective Dodson here.
88) 4) dialog: Seances, crystals -- channeling... Our father thought she was just trying to get attention. She certainly did that.
89) 0) text: Angela stands behind John. A large water tank is anchored to the roof next to her. Note the FLAME logo.
89) 1) dialog: She'd tell everyone about things she said she saw. Crazy things. Things that hadn't happened yet. She'd scare my mother to death, talking on and on about Revelations and the end of the world. Then one day she just stopped... never said another word.
90) 0) text: John and Angela head toward Isabel's room. A NURSE appears from around the corner walking with a boy. It's Barry, the boy in the courtyard. He locks on Angela and when she makes eye contact he breaks away from the Nurse, runs toward her with arms outstretched.
91) 2) dialog: Two months. (beat)
91) 4) dialog: I already did all that. John runs his hands under the steel bed frame.
91) 5) dialog: Now you're insulting me.
91) 7) dialog: You saw everything she left behind. In that box.
91) 13) dialog: I'm not like my sister.
91) 15) dialog: That was a long time ago...
91) 17) dialog: There's nothing here. Angela seems unbalanced.     John gets more aggressive.
91) 20) dialog: How should I know?
91) 25) dialog: I don't know!
91) 28) dialog: The tree.
92) 0) text: A lone tree stands in the center of the lit courtyard. John and Angela approach it. Examine it. Nothing. John drops lower on the tree, to a child's height.   Finally sees something near the ground, gestures to Angela. She kneels down next to him, sees what he sees. That same SYMBOL. The one Hennessey carved into his hand. But this time there's more.
92) 1) dialog: (trying to rationalize)
92) 5) dialog: Cor?
92) 10) dialog: (shaking her head)
93) 0) text: Several families sit in solemn prayer. The pastor comforts a man and wife. John and Angela slip through, head for the shelves of reference books on the back wall. They whisper.
93) 2) dialog: There's a difference?
93) 4) dialog: So why haven't I seen this book before?
93) 7) dialog: What do you mean -- Flickering candlelight slows to a stop, catching Angela mid-question and the room in that dim half-light. John turns and is inside --
93) 11) text: -- not here on this side? John turns, covered in sweat. He's holding a book she's never seen, is already flipping through it. ANGELA
93) 14) text: 'The sins of the father would only be exceeded by the ego of the son.' ANGELA
93) 16) text: Symbol isn't a demon's... that's why I couldn't place it... not a normal possession... ANGELA
93) 18) text: But he can't cross over -- impossible for the son to cross over... ANGELA
95) 0) text: Angela's SUV races quickly through traffic while John gets her up to speed. JOHN (V.O.)
96) 1) text: But unlike his old man, he's never been in the presence of the Creator so he has no fear of him, no respect either. That goes double for us -- God's most prized creations. Mammon would be the last demon we'd ever want crossing over. ANGELA
96) 4) text: Some psychic with the chops to reach all the way to Hell and the grit to withstand whatever shit she'd pull out. ANGELA
96) 6) text: But even a bridge wouldn't help Mammon. Because to cross over, the myth says he'd still need the one thing he could never get. Divine assistance. The help of God. Angela sits back, letting that sink in. ANGELA
96) 14) dialog: John, she sacrificed herself to beat him. John nods.     Your point?
96) 15) dialog: Why is she in Hell? One of those rare moments where John has no answer.
98) 0) text: SUV pulls into the empty parking lot. John is out before Angela gets it in park, unlocks the side door. A few flies escape to freedom as he opens the door. John rushes in.
99) 7) dialog: Maybe he's not here.
99) 9) dialog: What? John heads across the lanes. Swarm gets thicker and thicker. Angela keeps up with him, covers her mouth. They approach the pin area of the center lane. The source of the swarm is slowly revealed. In the catch trough is a solid mound of flies. John leans closer, spots a HAND protruding from the mound.
99) 11) dialog: (stepping back)
99) 19) dialog: John, you need a doctor.
99) 22) dialog: John?
99) 24) text: Please -- He uses the handrail to walk away. Angela stands there, confused by her own emotions. She turns back to the carnage, hears the distant SIRENS.
100) 4) dialog: There were no trees in our back yard. John finds Angela across the room in his doorway.
100) 5) dialog: But you knew that already, didn't you? John meets her eyes.     Sees the questions piling up.
100) 6) dialog: (walking towards him)
100) 9) dialog: I need to understand -- John just shakes his head.
100) 10) dialog: Why not?
100) 12) dialog: I'm not Isabel.
100) 18) dialog: Dammit, John -- they killed my sister! That stops him cold.
100) 19) dialog: I can't let them get away with that. Even if it means going down the same path she did. Now if you won't help me get there, I'll find my own way. But I won't run. Never. The two stand there -- locked in this moment.
100) 20) dialog: Please... John can't believe this day -- looks her dead in the eye.
101) 1) dialog: Do I take off my clothes or leave them on? (a beat)
101) 4) dialog: John.
102) 0) text: John fills a 70-year-old porcelain BATHTUB.       Angela stands in the center.
102) 4) dialog: Why water?
102) 8) dialog: (teeth chattering)
102) 11) dialog: (gesturing the depth)
102) 14) dialog: For how long?
102) 23) dialog: All those people... so sad... John nods, helping her understand.
102) 27) dialog: ... I've always known... where the bad guys are... where to aim, when to duck... it's not luck... I've always known... Tears stream down her cheeks. John reaches out to touch her when her eyes CLAMP TIGHT in pain --
103) 0) text: Angela runs behind the vertebrae of machines, dripping water the entire way. John tries to keep up.
103) 1) dialog: It was rolling toward him -- not a ball -- something smaller. Shiny. She stops, kneels to the floor.     John walks up to join Something glints in the catch trough. She reaches down, plucks it up and brings an odd COIN INTO VIEW -- John's face contorts with rage as he takes the familiar coin.
104) 6) dialog: Can you kill him? What about the Balance?
105) 0) text: John is stuffing the bowling bag while Angela watches, now dressed in dry clothes. That shirt is John's.
105) 2) dialog: What about me?    I can't stay here forever. John turns to her -- locks on those eyes. He reaches into his coat pocket as he walks up to her. She shudders as his arms wrap around her face and for a beat they're cheek to cheek. When he pulls back she sees he has clipped Hennessey's AMULET around her neck.
105) 4) dialog: So I'm going.
106) 0) text: FAT-ASS TIRES BURN under the full torque of a 426 HEMI. A jet-black '70s BARRACUDA BLASTS from the basement garage of 20 Lanes -- slides onto the streets of L.A. Angela hangs on as John grabs the SKULL shifter knob -- slams into 2nd -- leaves another layer of tread behind.
110) 0) text: Angela hears the GUNSHOTS. Cop instinct takes over and she gets out of the car. Checks the amulet. Intact.
112) 0) text: ANGELA moves through the gathered crowd looking up at the building. As she makes her way through, the amulet brushes against bodies -- swinging from side to side. Angela suddenly stops in the center of the street, turns...
112) 1) dialog: Something's coming... She stares at her surroundings with an increasing sense of dread. Then hears the RUMBLE and TIRES SCREECHING.
112) 6) dialog: You were in danger.
114) 0) text: John takes a turn at 70 as Angela stares into John's Bible.
114) 2) dialog: I'm Catholic, John -- I know the crucifixion story.
114) 9) dialog: So that's it -- he's got everything he needs to escape...
114) 11) text: Twins. Angela gives him a look.       Something in the rearview mirror catches his gaze.
114) 13) dialog: What is that?
114) 19) dialog: Impossible. The beast goes right up the wall and disappears above the building.
114) 20) dialog: I lost it. BAM, something lands hard on the roof, denting it a good foot. A huge clawed TALON punches into the sheet metal, starts shredding it right over Angela. Talon thrusts in. Angela dodges it -- her amulet swinging wildly. John HITS the BRAKES and the beast flips off the roof and onto the hood -- right INTO VIEW. A muscular anomaly with eyes that are unmistakably Balthazar's. He lashes against the windshield with an extra appendage. Thank God for safety glass. He jerks back his embedded talon, pulls the entire windshield out with it, smashing it on the hood. GLASS PARTICLES EXPLODE into the car. John throws the car into a spin, slamming the Barracuda into several parked cars. Balthazar is uprooted, is thrown from the car. Angela looks back, sees Balthazar rolling into traffic.
114) 21) dialog: He's down --
116) 0) text: John heads toward the skyline now -- at 90 mph -- to the 3rd Street Bridge on the horizon. Angela scans behind them, can't believe her eyes.
116) 1) dialog: He's back. Here comes Balthazar through traffic on all fours --
116) 2) dialog: John, he's back and he's gaining!
118) 0) text: John gives Angela the number.
118) 3) dialog: 
118) 7) dialog: 
120) 0) text: John smacks the wheel, victoriously -- looks over to Angela who sighs with relief. His expression changes as he centers on the empty necklace dangling around her neck.
120) 3) dialog: John SLAMS the BRAKES home -- car spins and John is already jumping out before it comes to a stop. He runs to the rail.
124) 0) dialog: moving in a surreal fashion across an evening sky. Below her the City of Angels sweep past. Her eyes drift open and widen in horror as she sees beyond reality --
131) 0) text: Therapy machines look like medieval torture devices in the dimly-lit room. BARRY stands waist deep in a large hydrotherapy tank inset into the tile floor. His skin is pale, sickly looking. Obviously containing Mammon takes its toll. Especially on a child. His hands are below his waist and now we see they're lowering a still-unconscious Angela into the water. Her face floats just above the surface as he buckles restraining straps around her wrists.
133) 0) text: Angela's body and face are completely submerged now. She comes to, sees Barry above her -- tries to rise but the boy pushes her head to the bottom, holds it there. Last bubbles are floating up from her mouth. Barry places his other hand on her arm, closes his eyes.
135) 0) text: Faint waves undulate Barry's skin -- ripple from his chest, down his arms and into a submerged Angela. Every muscle in her body tenses in stark relief.
135) 1) text: Barry's image ripples above her in silence. Room lighting starts to pulse -- slower and slower and when it's caught in that dim half-light -- Angela JOLTS and this time we CROSS OVER INTO --
135) 4) text: Angela. Angela SPINS and for a split second comes face to face with the hideous form of MAMMON. She SCREAMS.
136) 0) text: John and Midnite burst into the room, spot Barry standing in the tank. His hands in the water. On Angela. JOHN (rushing toward him)
136) 2) text: Let her up!!   Let her up!! A beat as John meets Barry's eyes -- realizes he's staring at a frightened child. Barry backs away as -- -- Angela sits up behind John.    Water rippling off, straps dangling free. John turns -- locks on her BLACK EYES. JOHN
136) 12) text: John coughs, struggles to stand. He tries to cover but it's obvious his end is nearing. Midnite positions Angela to face him, braces her arms out from her sides -- crucifixion-style. She tries but can't break free. John puts a hand to her forehead --
137) 0) text: ANGELA gasps -- her first real breath's a strain. Adrenaline rushes through her and she quickly closes her eyes --
138) 0) text: Stretches out BEFORE us. And here come those two swings, penduluming up in SLOW MOTION. Young Angela and Isabel share that moment again. But this time Isabel lets go and jumps out of her swing. Her body sails up and away, her fingers reaching out for what seems so close... so close... Isabel keeps going until she fades into the sky.
141) 19) dialog: Thank you, John. He nods, beat. Wipes a trace of blood off her brow, puts a hand on Barry's shoulder. HOLD a beat ON this gritty family tableau.
146) 0) text: The entire mechanism shudders. And now miraculously, every globe, every moon, every obscure object in this miniature occult universe begins to rotate in complete sync. As it does, the defining object finally slides INTO VIEW. John's lighter.   ANGELA watches it rotate past, nods in approval.
148) 0) text: walking right in step. Something is closing in on her. A new TAXI pulls up. Chaz is driving. Angela gets in. JOHN (V.O.)