21) 0) text: Hennessey follows John down the spiraling stairs, passing the gathered tenants. A few are freaked, cross themselves. Others horrified. But many want to touch them, shake their hands. A shadowy FIGURE several floors up stares over the rail at the heroes below. Note the slick suit, the polished veneer. This is BALTHAZAR and he definitely does not rent here. He flicks an ancient COIN between his fingers. JOHN pauses, gazes up through the stairwell as if sensing something. No one there. Balthazar is gone.
34) 29) dialog: We're not still whining about Manhattan, are we? John's attempt to disguise his anger fails.
34) 30) dialog: That expression alone has made my entire night.
34) 38) dialog: Perks of becoming a primary investor.
34) 40) dialog: Things change, balances shift. Get used to it, Constantine.
34) 42) dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. John tries to catch his breath, can't. And that scares him a bit. He tries to hide it, pushes out.
109) 5) text: Hey, early bird is a fat bird, know what I'm sayin'? Balthazar walks through, looking every bit like the smug and successful businessman he is. He stops at a LONG MIRROR on one wall. Adjusts his collar, his hair. His "look."
109) 7) dialog: Phillip Morris. As Balthazar admires himself, his reflection distorts slightly. The demon in him? He touches his face, does a vowel stretch. His face distorts even further. That's got him moving closer to the mirror. Balthazar's concerned because now his skin appears in motion, rippling as if liquefied. And just when he sees the surface of the mirror BLISTERING and starts to move --
109) 10) dialog: This is in direct violation of the Balance!
111) 0) text: John turns his attention back to Balthazar, doesn't hesitate and hits him with a continuous tide of flame. Suit and skin is peeling off, revealing something else underneath. The true form.
111) 5) dialog: I will see you very soon...
111) 7) dialog: You can't cheat it this time... you're going back to Hell.
111) 9) dialog: What are you doing?
111) 11) dialog: Your remedial incantations have no relevance to my kind.
111) 15) dialog: You're not a priest, you have no power...
111) 23) dialog: -- It may not even work...
111) 27) dialog: ... Sangre de dio. John is stunned -- did he hear right?     Balthazar nods.
111) 32) dialog: What killed the Son of God will give birth to the son of the devil. John's mind races and he finally puts it together.
113) 0) text: Balthazar is taking his last breaths when the sound of WIND filters through the room. He looks up as a shadow drapes across him. Eyes widen.
113) 1) dialog: One more chance... Shadow darkens and his decimated form shudders.