28) 13) dialog: 'Provisions depleted?' John turns to see BEEMAN waddle in.
28) 14) dialog: I gave you three months worth. You were gone only one. This diminutive occult version of Bond's "Q" carries a custom bowling bag and squints in the light like a mole.
28) 16) dialog: So what do you need?
28) 18) dialog: (pausing)
28) 24) dialog: Well, I've got your stone fragments from the Road to Damascus, dust from the Dead Sea Scrolls -- oh, you'll love this -- Out comes a little MATCHBOX with a smiling bug graphic.
28) 25) dialog: Screech beetle from Mount Sinai. He shakes the matchbox and the BEETLE flutters inside. It's WINGS create an eerie HIGH-PITCHED WHIRL. John shrugs. So?
28) 26) dialog: Yeah, to you it's nothing but to the Fallen -- like fingernails on a chalkboard.
28) 28) dialog: Gold was blessed by the Bishop Anicott during the Crusades. John spots a foot-long COPPER TUBE in the bag, pulls it out, grips the bicycle handle on one end.
28) 29) dialog: Watch it there. With this puny little thing? John gives the handle a squeeze and WHOOOOSH -- ten-foot FLAME BELCHES out.
28) 30) dialog: Dragon's breath.
28) 35) dialog: Whoa, don't want to get a flame near this. (off John's look)
28) 38) dialog: (intrigued)
28) 41) text: Like it was trying to come right out through the girl Beeman just stares at him -- is this a joke?
28) 43) dialog: We're finger puppets to them, John, elaborate costumes -- they can work us but don't come through us. They can't. You know that.
28) 45) dialog: Sure, John.   Anything else?
28) 47) text: Wouldn't happen to have anything for -- Beeman sets down a bottle from the bag -- Vick's 44.
28) 48) dialog: On the house.
59) 6) text: We gotta stick together, right? John gathers himself. As he walks over to this OLD MAN, he rummages through his coat pocket, retrieves a matchbox. The box shudders as a high-pitch FLUTTERING filters from inside. Old Man winces as his entire body VIBRATES. John realizes -- this is Beeman's matchbox, the one with the screech beetle inside. And now he knows -- a beat too late. Old Man attacks. John is knocked onto his haunches. As the Old Man closes in, he's revealed in more detail. Body and face are actually an intricate puzzle, an assemblage of city vermin. Rats, insects, crows, frogs, crabs -- all held together in the shape of a man. John scampers backwards, just inches from this being's outstretched grasp. He shakes the matchbox and the screech beetle inside flutters again. Old Man/Demon cringes as his entire body vibrates apart for a second, then snaps back together. He GRABS onto John with fingers of squirming vermin. Snake wraps around his wrist. Crab snaps at his skin. John shakes the beetle box harder -- causing the parts to vibrate even further. Old Man grabs John's head and vermin of various leg count crawl right onto John's face. John's had enough -- shakes the matchbox violently, then smashes it against the sidewalk. BEETLE lets out a death SHRIEK and the Old Man stutters -- his parts vibrating so wildly you can actually see the b.g. through the seams. John scampers loose, grabs a road barricade and swings it with all his might. Old Man form shatters on impact.
87) 0) text: With a loud crowd and 20 huge PIN MACHINES GRINDING AWAY the noise back here is DEAFENING. But this is Beeman's home. See the desk, the TV. The fold-away bed. Beeman is on the phone. There's a conversation but it's way too noisy to hear. All we see are the emotions on Beeman's face. No doubt news of Hennessey's death is one of the biggies. Beeman quickly reaches for a marker, puts it to paper and starts drawing -- listening and drawing -- He's finished, hangs up. Stares at the Symbol. That cabinet with the ancient books now gets his attention.
94) 0) text: Beeman sits under the glow of a desk lamp. The narrow alley of machines stretches out behind him. He stares into the scrolls -- an ancient book with a single page folded a thousand times. Turns another page.
94) 2) dialog: Oh my...
94) 4) dialog: This is not good... BOWLING BALL hits a lane.     Beeman spins to the sound. BALL ROLLS round and round, closer and closer until it CLANGS dead against the back wall of one of the lanes. Beeman gets up, starts down the corridor of dormant pin machines. He stops at lane 13, leans way way down, past the machinery and peeks out the pin hole.
94) 5) dialog: John?
97) 0) text: Something small and SHINY is rolling down the alley. lands in the trough, spins round and round -- Beeman leans out to try and see what it is.      The silv object keeps spinning. He waits for it to stop, swats a fly near his face. another. Book on his desk ignites in flame.
99) 6) text: Hey, Beeman? Beeman?! The LOW HUM fluctuates -- sounds like a BUZZING.
104) 0) text: Beeman's bowling bag is flipped and the contents are dumped onto a table. Powder, bugs and bullets go everywhere. John retrieves the odd-tipped bullets. Those brass knuckles and that copper pipe are taken also.