15) 0) text: Lined with tenants trying to get a glimpse of the unexplainable. The Stranger pushes through. Suspicious faces step out of his path. The ones that don't he pushes aside -- even the gangbangers. The man has no patience for politeness, no time for tact, no fear of anything. This man is JOHN CONSTANTINE. He arrives at his destination, barges into --
16) 0) text: One scan of the situation is all it takes. The bed -- the child -- the panicked priest -- who rushes to John. HENNESSEY (whispering)
16) 1) text: Thank God you're here... John shoots him a disgusted look.    Hennessey gives him wide berth. John walks past the panic-stricken MOTHER without a glance, sets his cigarette on the nightstand, the glowing tip drooped over the edge. He puts a gloved hand to the child's face and it burns on contact. His demeanor instantly changes as he leans right next to the ear of the little girl and whispers -- JOHN
16) 2) text: This is Constantine. John Constantine, asshole. The girl JOLTS, bandages on her arms cut into her skin. Eyes snap open -- glare right through him. JOHN
16) 4) text: Vamos juntos a matarla. John whips out a key chain crammed with medallions. JOHN
16) 5) text: Let's see who we got here... He holds them up so they cast shadows across Jeanie's face. He flips through each of these sculptured SAINTS until the child suddenly reacts to one -- tries to look away. John stares at the Saint responsible, seems genuinely puzzled. He turns to the Mother -- very serious. JOHN
16) 6) text: I need a mirror. Now. Shaken, the Mother produces a small compact.   John pushe it away, turns to the doorway crowd. JOHN
16) 12) dialog: 
16) 15) dialog: centers on a drapery ROPE, pulls hard. Drapery HOOKS EXPLODE off the curtain rod as he swings open the window, looks down into the alley where that yellow taxi is parked.
16) 16) dialog: Chaz? CHAZ (20s) looks up from his cab. Cool. Frustrated. You just know he'd love to be up there, not down here.
16) 17) dialog: Move the car.
16) 19) dialog: 
18) 0) text: Hennessey can only watch as John threads the drapery rope through the fire escape railing, drapes it back through the window and loops it over the ceiling fan. He climbs onto the bed, leans over the child whose eyes have closed and she's shaking badly. Her body seems to be going into shock. Isn't strong enough for this. John has no choice -- slaps her. Eyes pop back open. Dark and dilated. He yells down at her in Aramaic and English. JOHN
18) 1) text: Amar natash bow basar! -- Rescind from the flesh I command thee -- The girl chokes as if ready to spit. JOHN
18) 3) text: Tiempo para morir! Her body suddenly PULSES half again larger. John recoils for a beat. Odd. He continues in Aramaic -- JOHN
18) 4) text: Amar natash bow basar -- Another PULSE and this time a SHAPE is clearly seen expanding under the child's skin -- as if the demon inside were trying to burst right through. John backs off -- watches as the shape ripples her flesh, like fingers caressing from the other side. John glances to Hennessey. What the hell? MIRROR arrives at the doorway, BANGS against the JAM. John waves them in. The four men heft it into the room. JOHN
18) 9) dialog: Hennessey, tie it off -- Hennessey is glad to be called into service -- quickly ties one end of rope to the mirror. John straddles the girl, positions his head between her and the mirror above him.
18) 10) dialog: Now close your eyes -- all of you -- and whatever happens -- do not look into the mirror. The men close their eyes.        Muscles tense under the weight.
18) 11) dialog: Amar natash bow basar! -- rescind from the flesh I command thee! Jeanie reacts -- that SHAPE reappears, contorts the young body all out of proportion. John unblocks the mirror for a second and Jeanie is reflected inside. It's not just the image of a young girl in there, but something else. The surface of the mirror FLEXES in the hands of the men. One starts to look --
18) 12) dialog: No! Jeanie SCREAMS -- breaks free of the straps. She rises up, grabs John tight around the throat. Nails dig deep.
18) 14) dialog: (looking into mirror)
18) 15) text: Not yet! John struggles, puts his hands over her mouth -- cutting off her air supply. Question is, who's going to pass out first? Jeanie's body is racked by whatever's inside her. She goes into shock, body collapsing -- shaking -- close to death.
18) 19) dialog: Look!   Look at me! But she's passing out first. John quickly takes the medallion that caused the earlier reaction --
18) 20) dialog: Goddamit -- look! -- and presses it against her forehead. Eyes snap wide and John unblocks the mirror. Jeanie locks on her reflection and the image in the mirror changes drastically.
18) 21) dialog: Smile pretty you vain prick. The child's reflection has now changed to a pissed off DEMON. One that knows it just got suckered in. MIRROR VIBRATES wildly in the men's grip. Demon reflection ripples the glass -- bending it outward into three-D space as the girl takes her last breaths --
18) 22) dialog: Now, Hennessey. Now! Hennessey PULLS the rope with all three-hundred-plus pounds as John gives the demon face a full extended FINGER.
18) 23) dialog: For your boss. Demon pushes for him but mirror is jerked into motion. Swings right out the window but catches on a sliver of wood --
18) 24) dialog: No you don't. John jumps up and helps push the mirror free.
20) 0) text: Jeanie GASPS -- takes her first breath as a child again. And CRIES. Mother pulls her in, hugs her tight. Note the girl's fingernails. No longer black. John's beat, reclaims that stub of a cigarette, still burning. Takes a drag. He pushes past Hennessey who is approaching the mother.
21) 0) text: Hennessey follows John down the spiraling stairs, passing the gathered tenants. A few are freaked, cross themselves. Others horrified. But many want to touch them, shake their hands. A shadowy FIGURE several floors up stares over the rail at the heroes below. Note the slick suit, the polished veneer. This is BALTHAZAR and he definitely does not rent here. He flicks an ancient COIN between his fingers. JOHN pauses, gazes up through the stairwell as if sensing something. No one there. Balthazar is gone.
21) 5) dialog: Hennessey. Hennessey stops his panhandling, continues toward the exit.
22) 0) text: John and Hennessey stop near the front entrance.      Joh rips the white collar from Hennessey's neck.
22) 2) dialog: I'm not back an hour and you drag me into --
22) 6) dialog: Don't do that shit on me --
22) 11) dialog: I should take it all, save you from yourself. He gestures that bagged BOTTLE in Hennessey's jacket.
23) 0) text: John turns the corner, spots Chaz punching a dent from the taxi's hood.
23) 1) dialog: I told you to move it.
23) 4) dialog: Well what? Chaz reaches back into John's front coat pocket -- pulls out Hennessey's wad of cash -- slips off a few bills.
23) 9) dialog: Los Angeles... He looks back up at the apartment, still puzzled.
23) 10) dialog: Never ceases to entertain. Chaz crams the car in gear as John takes a drag, coughs.
26) 3) dialog: Make two trips? John walks in.     Chaz curses under his breath.
27) 0) text: Evening leagues are going strong. John walks in, looks totally out of place. He moves down the BALL RACK area, runs his fingers across the various leftovers, finally stops at a pearl-white dazzler. He lifts it from the rack, steps out into the prep area -- in front of one of the few lanes not in use. Number 13. John snatches a grease pencil from the overhead, scribbles right on the ball -- "PROVISIONS DEPLETED." He fluffs his trench coat back, steps onto the polished wood with his well-traveled Oxfords. Young bowlers on both sides stop to look at this oddity. An attractive brunette is rather curious. John gives her a wink. Her boyfriend doesn't appreciate it. John bowls. Perfect hook ball. Strike! Brunette grins. John returns the smile, heads into the hallway by the pool tables.
28) 0) text: Seems small until you walk in and realize it's as long as a bowling lane. Makes that cage enclosed bed at one end seem like it's a mile away. Chaz throws the suitcases on it as John arrives. CHAZ (yells across room)
28) 1) text: Simple question. How much longer do I have to be your slave? John pulls a chain and a wall of window shutters open. JOHN
28) 2) text: You're not my slave, Chaz. You're my very appreciated assistant. Like Tonto and Robin and that skinny fellow with the fat friend. Along the floor, encircling the entire room, are 5 gallon Sparkletts bottles. Each is adorned by a small hand- marked CROSS. John takes a moment to adjust one out of place. CHAZ
28) 3) text: How much longer? John doesn't like his tone. JOHN
28) 5) text: So what time you want me back? John gives him a knowing look, goes back to emptying his pockets. JOHN
28) 6) text: I need to make an appearance at Midnite's. Say ten-ish? Chaz sighs, starts out -- JOHN
28) 7) text: Chaz...? Chaz turns back, catches an object John throws him.
28) 11) dialog: A little something from Delphi. It's a dashboard air freshener shaped like a cow. Chaz tips it.     Moooooo.   John finds it rather amusing
28) 15) dialog: What can I say, Beeman, India was a real drain. They shake hands.     Beeman sets his bowling bag onto th table, unzips it.
28) 17) dialog: Everything you got.
28) 19) text: You smell something, John?
28) 20) dialog: Maybe. Incubus in this girl I just exorcized seemed a bit more spirited than usual. Beeman starts pulling things out.      First is a frayed Then glass containers...
28) 27) dialog: What is it with you and bugs? Beeman pulls out a set of sculptured BRASS KNUCKLES. Actually solid gold and engraved with religious markings. John takes them, tries them on. Nice fit.
28) 31) dialog: I thought you couldn't get it anymore. Beeman shrugs, modesty. John starts to put it down on the table and Beeman quickly pulls the frayed rag away.
28) 36) text: Piece of the shroud Moses wore to the mountain. John picks it up -- You're shitting me, right?    Nope.
28) 37) dialog: Got any callinicus?
28) 40) dialog: (coughs)
28) 42) dialog: I know how it sounds...
28) 44) dialog: Check the scrolls anyway. Corinthians. See if there are any precedents.
28) 46) dialog: (coughs again)
31) 4) dialog: Two frogs on a bench. Yep. They let him pass. Chaz steps up and lucky him -- he gets the same TWO FLYING DOLPHINS.
32) 0) text: MUSIC FLOODS this exclusive establishment. It's a clash of cultures and influences not easily dated. A retro speakeasy for the new millennium. John walks through a maze of passages while the fantasies of a twisted city play out in the shadows. He pauses, sees a clan of suited businessmen in a corner, showing off for several ladies. One fills a line of shot glasses from a pitcher of water. Another waves his hand over them, turns the water into RED WINE. The ladies are very impressed, drink up. NICO, a young black man, walks past John.
33) 0) text: John starts up a long flight of stairs, stops in front of two very large doors.
33) 4) dialog: Numquam leadatur a morsu. A living GROAN BELLOWS from the rigid seams but the doors don't budge.
33) 5) dialog: Bastard changed the code again. (bangs the doors)
34) 2) dialog: Deciding which color to paint this place again? PAPPA MIDNITE stands in the jungle he calls an office. Part African witch doctor, part savvy businessman. A full six and half feet of solid contradictions.
34) 4) dialog: I got tired of spending your money.
34) 9) dialog: Well I do have a certain standard of living.
34) 11) dialog: I found the vault.
34) 13) dialog: Hey, can I help it if Buddhist monks don't take bribes? Midnite strides toward him when John calmly pulls from his pocket a small ebony and gold RELIC. It stops Midnite cold.
34) 14) dialog: Gotcha. A reluctant grin cracks Midnite's stern features. He takes the relic in his thick fingers -- stares breathlessly at a gaunt figure bracing itself against a cosmic wind.
34) 16) dialog: Right.    So we good here? Midnite ignores his outstretched palm, slides the relic precisely onto one of the many rods jutting from the Universal orrery.
34) 18) dialog: That damn thing's never going to balance. Midnite lets go and the complex machine actually starts to move. To turn.
34) 23) dialog: It's authentic, Midnite, you just have the wrong piece. Jesus... The two have a mini stare-down. John's rigid poker face is only broken by a cough. Midnite sighs, breaks it off.
34) 24) dialog: What? -- I didn't blink -- that was a cough. You never cough? Midnite reaches into his tuxedo jacket and hands over a thick stack of HUNDREDS.
34) 25) dialog: Better not be any Washingtons in here this time.
34) 27) dialog: I don't know... Just a feeling -- John suddenly spins toward the entrance doors, is stunned to see --
34) 28) dialog: Balthazar. Balthazar is behind him.     Utterly confident.     Chill so.
34) 34) dialog: I'll make your night -- I'll deport your sorry ass right where you stand --
34) 37) dialog: It's bad enough that you let these half-breeds in at all but this piece of shit --
34) 39) dialog: What?! Midnite's eyes say it all -- not here, not now.
34) 41) dialog: Not while I'm still breathing -- John starts to cough again.
35) 0) text: John SLAMS out the exit -- coughing. He pulls the Vicks 44 from his jacket, struggles with the child protector cap.
35) 6) dialog: I don't hate you.
35) 8) dialog: But could you at least wait until I call for you before you show up?
35) 10) dialog: Not yet. Jesus, Hennessey, you freak me out sometimes.
35) 12) dialog: No. I've got an assignment for you.
35) 14) dialog: The kind you'll have to be sober for.
35) 16) dialog: Come on, you know that exorcism wasn't right.
35) 21) dialog: Don't have it or don't want to use it? Hennessey vacillates.     This is obviously tough for him
35) 22) dialog: Just look around. A few days. You spot anything unusual, anything -- you let me know. Okay? John wraps an arm around his shoulder like a good buddy, then reaches behind his neck --
35) 23) dialog: It'll be like old times. -- and unclips the amulet from Hennessey's neck. That unnerves the big guy. John drops it in Hennessey's pocket.
35) 24) dialog: Just for a few days.
44) 0) text: John switches on the light, leans up from the sink and wipes his mouth with a towel. It's covered with blood. More runs down the drain. He stares at himself in the mirror. ON John's worried eyes --
46) 0) text: John marches down a hallway, his trench coat a step behind. He unconsciously rubs his left wrist, coughs. Flicks an unlit smoke between his fingers. John stops at a doctor's office door -- hesitates.
48) 0) text: A LINE OF LIGHT BOXES illuminate several CHEST X-RAYS. A DARK sinister splotch snakes through both LUNGS. John stands there, stares at this wall of death with disbelief
48) 1) dialog: No -- I've beaten things, insurmountable things, things most people have never even heard of and after all that you think I'm going to be done in by THIS? He raises a puny little cigarette. DR. LES ARCHER (50) sighs. A delicate bedside manner is not his specialty.
48) 6) dialog: It can't be that simple. I mean come on, Les, you saved me before. You can do it again, right.
48) 9) dialog: That's because I know exactly where I'm going this time.
49) 0) text: John steps outside of the Doctor's office, pauses to gather himself. He starts walking. Wants out of here fast.
50) 2) text: Wait, hold the door! Angela, gets to the elevator, looks in. John stands inside alone. This should be the first time we realize they were in the same hospital.
50) 7) dialog: Not if I can help it. The doors close right on Angela.
54) 0) text: John sits at a park bench. Motionless. Taking in the world. Clouds passing the sun. Shadows drifting across the city. Leaves swirling after passing cars. John just sits there, HEARING every breath he takes, wondering which one will be his last. ELLIE (O.S.)
54) 1) text: Lung cancer?   Lung cancer?! John turns to see ELLIE (23) strutting up the sidewalk. Uninhibited. Oozing sex appeal. But dangerous. In more ways than you think. ELLIE
54) 2) text: That's funny as shit, John. JOHN
54) 4) text: Hey, I think you brought this one on yourself. John stares at her, tries to get a read. ELLIE
54) 5) text: Now why wouldn't you trust me? JOHN
54) 7) text: Don't worry, John, you'll beat this. You beat everything. JOHN
54) 8) text: Not this time, Ellie. John lifts her off of him, sets her aside. ELLIE
54) 9) text: Oh wow, you're serious... No wonder the Boss is in such a good mood. JOHN
54) 15) dialog: So I take that as a 'no?'
54) 17) dialog: I'm starting to see his point. Ellie sits back down, strokes his arm.
55) 0) text: Seen through a mild rain is the Theological Society building, a foreboding structure that looks out of place for this city. John stares out the back seat window, takes a swig from a bottle of hard liquor. He turns to Chaz --
55) 4) dialog: I'm sure I can get you in here. Chaz gives the building another glance, shoves the meter flag back down. Tick... tick... tick...
56) 0) text: A few bishops talk quietly. A cardinal studies Scriptures. Definitely not the place for atheists. John walks through the vaulted chamber room to the --
56) 3) dialog: No thanks, I'm not staying long.
56) 7) dialog: First come, first served.
56) 26) dialog: Been keeping your all-seeing eye on me, have you?
56) 28) dialog: So you're going to make me beg? Angela pauses on her way out, looks over.
56) 30) dialog: What about the minions I've sent back, the souls that I've saved -- that should guarantee my passage across --
56) 33) dialog: This is bullshit -- bullshit! Now he's really got Angela's attention.
56) 34) dialog: It's like you've got some cosmic scale weighing everything we do -- help an old lady across the street -- put in a nickel, kick a dog, take out a dime -- you're fucking nickel and diming us to death down here!
56) 39) dialog: And you know what, you're the ones with the problem, not us -- You make these impossible rules to decide who goes up, who goes down and you don't even understand us -- This more than anything gets under Gabriel's skin.
56) 41) dialog: Gift?! More like a curse the way you manage things. Gabriel stands and towers over John.
56) 43) dialog: Why me, Gabriel? It's personal, isn't it? I didn't go to church enough? I didn't pray enough? I was five bucks short in the collection plate? Why? Gabriel moves right up to him, makes this very personal.
57) 0) text: Angela stands on the porch at the edge of a downpour. She hears a cough, looks over to see John standing on the other side, looking equally frayed. They share another glance.
57) 4) dialog: He has a rotten sense of humor. (steps past)
57) 5) text: And his punch lines are killers. John tosses the cigarette pack, walks right into the RAIN, away from Chaz's taxi pulling up.
57) 7) text: John?   It's raining! Hey! Angela watches John disappear in the rain, looks down at the empty cigarette pack.
59) 0) text: John walks the streets, numb to the world. A rat scurries past near the curb. Then another. Several crows fly by. Above him is a BILLBOARD - "YOUR TIME IS RUNNING OUT." Doesn't matter that below it is -- "TO BUY A NEW CHEVY." The point is crystal clear. John shakes his head, breaks out laughing which quickly turns into a coughing fit. He leans to a gutter. Another rat scoots past. John barely notices. Then a frog jumps past. But it's the crab crawling by that finally catches John's gaze.
59) 6) text: We gotta stick together, right? John gathers himself. As he walks over to this OLD MAN, he rummages through his coat pocket, retrieves a matchbox. The box shudders as a high-pitch FLUTTERING filters from inside. Old Man winces as his entire body VIBRATES. John realizes -- this is Beeman's matchbox, the one with the screech beetle inside. And now he knows -- a beat too late. Old Man attacks. John is knocked onto his haunches. As the Old Man closes in, he's revealed in more detail. Body and face are actually an intricate puzzle, an assemblage of city vermin. Rats, insects, crows, frogs, crabs -- all held together in the shape of a man. John scampers backwards, just inches from this being's outstretched grasp. He shakes the matchbox and the screech beetle inside flutters again. Old Man/Demon cringes as his entire body vibrates apart for a second, then snaps back together. He GRABS onto John with fingers of squirming vermin. Snake wraps around his wrist. Crab snaps at his skin. John shakes the beetle box harder -- causing the parts to vibrate even further. Old Man grabs John's head and vermin of various leg count crawl right onto John's face. John's had enough -- shakes the matchbox violently, then smashes it against the sidewalk. BEETLE lets out a death SHRIEK and the Old Man stutters -- his parts vibrating so wildly you can actually see the b.g. through the seams. John scampers loose, grabs a road barricade and swings it with all his might. Old Man form shatters on impact.
61) 0) text: John paces as Midnite works on that Universal orrery, adjusting components but balance continues to elude him.
61) 1) dialog: A few months, maybe a year. That's it. End of story. Game over.
61) 6) dialog: (as Midnite doesn't react)
61) 9) dialog: This bastard attacked me right out in the open -- on Sepulveda no less.
61) 11) dialog: That's just it -- this wasn't some possession or wayward half breed, it was a full-fledged demon. Here. On our plane.
61) 13) dialog: I know what I saw.
61) 15) dialog: I didn't cross over -- It was on this side. Here.
61) 17) dialog: Emotional?! John slams a fist against the counter. The orrery almost topples but Midnite saves it. Decades of work almost lost. Midnite glares at a desperate John.
61) 22) dialog: It's more than that... first the girl, then this.
61) 24) dialog: Something's coming. Midnite sighs, gives up with him.
62) 0) text: The name JOHN CONSTANTINE is center screen on a monitor -- typed into the police station's SEARCH ENGINE. Angela sits alone in the squad room, rain streaking across the windows. Interpol comes back with results and a list of priors scroll under John's name. Must be a hundred PARKING VIOLATIONS. Several SPEEDING tickets and a few RECKLESS ENDANGERMENT. In fact John's license has been REVOKED. But it's the other incidents that draw Angela in.
62) 1) text: Of specific words in a few HEADLINES -- "Occult activity on the rise..." "Claimed possession is refuted by Bishop..." "Satanic cult dissolved..." Accompanies with an assortment of unusual case photos. -- BLOOD PATTERNS on a WALL -- Odd SYMBOLS burned into a ceiling. A cross burnt to a crisp. -- JOHN in handcuffs looking back at a mother holding her son in her arms. A younger and more noble Father Hennessey stands beside them, looking grateful.
65) 0) text: John drinks alone.   Pissed at life.      At death. That small black box of his lies on the table unopened. Spider runs across the table. John flips an empty glass, traps it underneath. He takes a drag on his cigarette, tips the glass and blows smoke inside. Spider can't escape the poison air, bumps the glass. Trapped. Dying. JOHN
65) 2) text: Mr. Constantine? John looks up, spots Angela.        Those eyes again. ANGELA
65) 4) dialog: -- I remember.
65) 6) dialog: Yeah.
65) 11) dialog: I'm not really in the talking mood right now.
65) 14) dialog: Always a catch... Angela sits across from him, puts the badge away.
65) 16) dialog: Sorry to hear...
65) 19) dialog: Never met her.
65) 21) dialog: She look anything like you? (as Angela nods)
65) 22) text: I would've remembered. Another beat as their eyes meet.       John looks away.
65) 27) dialog: I thought you said she was murdered?
65) 29) dialog: You'd be surprised at what people will do.
65) 32) dialog: Sounds like a theory.   Good luck.
65) 34) dialog: Yeah, okay.   Sure. John points -- toward the exit.      Angela is not amused But she's not giving up.
65) 39) dialog: -- she would have committed a mortal sin and her soul would have gone straight to Hell where it would never feel love or compassion or anything but pain again as the master himself rips her apart over and over for the rest of eternity. (beat)
65) 40) text: That about right? The words have hit so hard that Angela is speechless. John sees the hurt in her eyes, would like to take it back -- but it's too late. She turns and starts out, slows --
65) 42) dialog: Oh shit... He stands, gains his bearings. As he walks out he flicks the glass over. Spider runs free.
66) 1) dialog: Detective! Angela looks back, sees John in the street.
66) 2) dialog: How open is your mind?
66) 6) dialog: Do you believe in Heaven and Hell? (off no answer)
66) 8) dialog: Hey!
66) 10) dialog: And demons. Angela stares at him, continues walking.       He keeps u
66) 11) dialog: See, you don't have the mindset for this kind of work. They walk together down the lonely street.
66) 13) dialog: You're right, we're capable of terrible things but we usually justify it with motives like money and power and jealousy. Another LIGHT FIZZES, blinks out.
66) 14) dialog: Then sometimes, something comes along and gives us just the right nudge and we do truly evil things just for the kick of it.
66) 19) dialog: You should.   They believe in us. They pass another streetlamp as it goes bright, then blacks out. Both look up. The next LAMP FLARES then FIZZES OUT. Angela turns and sees that there are no lights behind them. She looks to John. But he's staring straight ahead. Because now the light in front of them is FLARING BRIGHT.
66) 20) dialog: We should go... Second later it BLINKS OFF.         John grabs her hand -
66) 21) dialog: Fast. Angela's confusion turns to tension as a raspy guttural WIND races toward them. John jerks her into action. They run towards the next light. It blinks out right when they reach it. They race to stay in the light, aiming toward the safety of the brightly-lit statue of the Good Shepherd.
67) 0) text: They make it through the gate, pass through an alley of overhanging trees. Something RIPPLES through the branches -- flitters right past Angela's face. She swats at it, manages to get a branch across the cheek. They near the Good Shepherd and the floodlights FLICKER, fade out. Statues of saints become dark monoliths. John stops in an OPEN AREA between trees and a mausoleum. A lit CROSS on the wall provides the only illumination. Angela feels the scratch on her cheek, sees a trickle of blood. Now she hears SOUNDS in the darkness. Like LEATHER RUBBING. Surrounding them.
67) 5) dialog: Wings.
67) 7) dialog: And maybe talons. The cross is getting dimmer and dimmer...
67) 9) dialog: Something that's not supposed to be here. John quickly wraps the cloth tight around his hand. Angela spins, eyes seeing only darkness as the sounds get CLOSER -- ghastly sound of MOVEMENT in the fringes of light. The cross now resembles a dying wire filament and with every second the circle of light gets smaller and those SOUNDS GET CLOSER. John takes out his special lighter.
67) 10) dialog: Close your eyes. They are now standing in pitch darkness.
67) 12) dialog: Suit yourself. John flicks the lighter and in one powerful motion -- sweeps his arm up as he lights his hand. Sacred cloth catches fire -- then IGNITES with a brilliant retina-searing FLASH -- blinding Angela and illuminating a -- -- CIRCLE OF WINGED DEMONS -- a roiling broth of reptilian death -- right there -- ready to pounce.
67) 16) dialog: (to himself)
67) 20) dialog: They weren't angels. John scans the area, trying to think this through.
67) 21) dialog: Seplavites, actually. Scavengers for the damned. (off her lost look)
67) 24) dialog: Yeah... (to himself)
67) 25) text: And I don't think they were after me... John looks at her with renewed interest.
67) 26) dialog: You really believe she wouldn't commit suicide?
67) 29) text: Never in a million years. John makes the decision.
67) 33) dialog: Let's be sure. He starts walking.     Angela is now compelled to follow.
67) 35) dialog: Simple.   See if she's in Hell.
69) 0) text: John stares at a photo of Angela and her father in police uniform. Obviously happier times. Angela walks out of her bedroom holding a cardboard box. That gray cat follows close to her heels.
69) 2) dialog: The cat too?
69) 5) dialog: (deadpan)
69) 6) text: Why, do you have any? John puts his feet, shoes and all into a BUCKET OF WATER.
69) 7) dialog: I need you to step outside now.
69) 11) dialog: Angela?   Please. Angela reluctantly moves toward the exit. John holds the cat, stares into its huge, unblinking eyes. There's a moment where animal and man seem to connect. The water around John's feet begins to BOIL. ANGELA pushes the door closed behind her but it slows on its way to latch. Bulbs pulsate as current ramps down. The room flickers, is suddenly caught in a ghostly dim half-light and John has now crossed over into --
70) 0) text: John walks out onto the top overpass of a crumbling maze of intersecting freeways. Burnt-out husks of long- forgotten vehicles sit in rows of gridlock. A low DRONE penetrates the silence.
70) 1) dialog: Is she here? On the horizon is a dying RED SUN.    It strains to cut through the putrid brown haze.
70) 2) dialog: Is she here?! His VOICE REVERBERATES to infinity.
70) 6) dialog: 
70) 8) dialog: It's a simple question!    Is she here or not?!! John suddenly locks on something far off. On top of a distant skyscraper is a FEMALE FIGURE in a sheer white gown. John can't make out her face but knows she's looking right at him.
70) 9) dialog: Isabel? She lifts something and tosses it. John watches as a small object tumbles toward him just ahead of closing darkness.
71) 1) dialog: (weakly)
72) 0) text: John sits slumped in the chair, drained. Steam rises off his skin. Angela sees the water in the bucket has almost all boiled out. She walks in, kneels down to him.
73) 1) dialog: When I was a kid, I saw things...
73) 3) dialog: Things I wasn't supposed to. The man looks right at young John as he passes. His face is distorted and his feet have sprouted roots which are dug into the ground.
74) 0) text: John looks up at the Waitress.
74) 1) dialog: Tea. She leaves. Angela sits across from him.      They're at table by the window.
74) 2) dialog: My parents sent me to a doctor, a shrink, a priest. I was in four different institutions by the time I was eighteen. Angela notes him rubbing his wrist.
74) 3) dialog: The last place they put me was run by a church... A DOCTOR rushes past their table.     PAN WITH him INTO..
74) 5) dialog: The revered Father made the brilliant deduction that I was possessed, said I needed to be exorcised...
75) 0) text: The Doctor runs in. Sees the revered Father below, leaning over a bed where an 18-year-old John is held down by three interns and that Doctor. John angrily screams at them all.
75) 1) dialog: It was like someone trying to pull teeth that weren't there. Young John clamps his eyes shut tight.
76) 0) text: Present-day John does the same, remembering the pain. JOHN
76) 2) text: You attempted suicide. John sees she's looking at his wrist. The hint of a jagged scar can now be seen under the sleeve. JOHN
76) 3) text: I never attempt anything. John's reflection in the window becomes --
77) 0) text: Teenage John looks up at a room filled with people from all walks of life. Teachers, doctors, lawyers, garbage men. All somewhat different than normal. They sit in school chairs and wait for John to do the deed. He puts the blade to his wrist -- one swipe and the world around him accelerates away in a STREAKED BLUR --
78) 2) dialog: Not my doing. His chest suddenly HEAVES forward -- and we're on...
80) 0) text: The ambulance moves through a city that is transforming. From this world's Los Angeles to a barren Hell version. JOHN (V.O.)
82) 1) text: Hey, what're you doing in here? Guard looks back into the body room, sees a drawer partially open. He walks over, pulls it out further -- sees the plastic cut away. Jesus. The symbol has already faded from Isabel's wrist. JOHN (V.O.)
83) 2) text: Be there, John... please... Something shivers up Hennessey's leg and into his body. Eyes glaze over and Hennessey settles on a RESTAURANT.
83) 6) dialog: Heaven and Hell are right here, behind every wall, every face -- the world behind the world. It's crossing over that's the real trick. That's why most demons can only whisper in our ears. But even a whisper can turn your favorite pleasure into your worst nightmare.
84) 2) dialog: But the worst demons are the ones that are allowed to be here -- the ones that are half-human so they blend in... Balthazar stands, throws a few bills on the table and starts toward the back EXIT.
84) 6) dialog: ... just like those with the angel's touch living alongside of us. The half-breeds. That Busboy lowers Hennessey to the floor. For a moment we see him framed against the front doorway. And in that instant we get a brief glimpse of --
84) 9) dialog: They call it 'the Balance.' I call it hypocritical bullshit.
85) 1) dialog: So when one of them gets a little cocky, peddles their influence or hijacks a soul -- I deport their scaly ass right back to Hell. (takes a sip of tea)
85) 4) dialog: Well, what would you do if you were sentenced to a prison where half the inmates were put there by you? Not a serene image at all.     Angela studies him.
85) 9) dialog: (sips tea)
85) 12) dialog: Not for me. John's bitterness is obvious.     Angela just stares at him -- finally --
86) 6) dialog: Shit... (sympathetic)
86) 7) text: Why didn't you call me, you fat sonna bitch... John lowers his head, then spots blood stains on one of Hennessey's hands. He opens the fingers, studies the fork wound. The blood is already drying over it. John reaches over to the mess of dishes on the floor and grabs a melting ice cube. He pushes it into Hennessey's hand, wiping away the dried blood. It quickly becomes apparent -- this isn't random stabbings. This is a shape. John takes a napkin, lays it on the palm and presses. Residual blood creates a symbol onto the napkin. It's the same circular symbol we saw on Isabel's wrist. John doesn't know what it is, but he knows it's important
86) 8) dialog: (to Hennessey)
87) 1) dialog: I need to see where Isabel died.
89) 0) text: Angela stands behind John. A large water tank is anchored to the roof next to her. Note the FLAME logo.
89) 2) dialog: So you put her in here. Angela doesn't need to be reminded.     It hurts even mor
89) 3) dialog: Show me her room.
90) 0) text: John and Angela head toward Isabel's room. A NURSE appears from around the corner walking with a boy. It's Barry, the boy in the courtyard. He locks on Angela and when she makes eye contact he breaks away from the Nurse, runs toward her with arms outstretched.
90) 8) dialog: You were twins. Angela nods, steps inside.      John pauses, thinking.
91) 0) text: John steps inside, gives the sterile room a thorough scan.
91) 1) dialog: So how long?
91) 6) dialog: You don't walk off a building without leaving something behind.
91) 11) dialog: Maybe she left something else. Something more personal. Just for you. Angela doesn't like that look he's giving her.
91) 12) dialog: You were her twin, Angela.    Twins tend to think alike.
91) 14) dialog: But you were at once time. When you were kids. When you'd spend every waking hour with each other. You'd start a sentence, she'd finish it. You'd get hurt, she'd cry.
91) 16) dialog: That kind of bond doesn't just disappear.
91) 18) dialog: She planned her death in this room, she thought it up right where you're standing -- Angela backs away.     John advances.
91) 19) dialog: She knew you'd come -- She counted on you to see what she saw, to feel what she felt -- to do what she did. What did she do, Angela?
91) 21) dialog: What did she do, Angela?
91) 26) dialog: What would you do? Angela backs into a wall.       Nowhere else to go now.
91) 27) dialog: What would you leave her? What would it be? Where would it be?! Where would it be? Angela lashes out, shoves John hard, pushing him out of her way. She turns to the window, almost hyperventilating John stays back, watches. Angela opens her eyes. The tension seems to flow right out of her when she sees --
92) 0) text: A lone tree stands in the center of the lit courtyard. John and Angela approach it. Examine it. Nothing. John drops lower on the tree, to a child's height.   Finally sees something near the ground, gestures to Angela. She kneels down next to him, sees what he sees. That same SYMBOL. The one Hennessey carved into his hand. But this time there's more.
92) 2) text: There must have been a tree in our backyard... when we were kids... John may not be buying it but he's not saying anything. His fingers trace these words carved below the symbol --
92) 3) dialog: 
92) 6) dialog: Corinthians.
92) 11) text: There is no 14h act in Corinthians. John's face goes pale --
92) 12) dialog: I need a church.
93) 0) text: Several families sit in solemn prayer. The pastor comforts a man and wife. John and Angela slip through, head for the shelves of reference books on the back wall. They whisper.
93) 1) dialog: Corinthians goes to 21 acts in the book of Ethenius. It's like a dark mirror of the Bible. It paints a different view of Revelations, says that the world will not come to an end at the hand of God but be reborn in the embrace of the damned.
93) 3) dialog: Depends on which side of the fence you're standing. John stops, casually sticks his hand in the pastor's bowl of holy water near the altar.
93) 5) dialog: Because it doesn't exist here on this side. John closes his eyes and the water in the bowl begins to
93) 11) text: -- not here on this side? John turns, covered in sweat. He's holding a book she's never seen, is already flipping through it. ANGELA
93) 12) text: Where did that come from? JOHN (stopping to read)
93) 15) text: Whose son? John stands, his brain going into overdrive. JOHN
93) 17) text: John, what are you talking about? JOHN
93) 23) dialog: No.  The other one. (off her look)
95) 0) text: Angela's SUV races quickly through traffic while John gets her up to speed. JOHN (V.O.)
96) 0) text: JOHN
96) 2) text: But demons can't come and go, that's what you said. JOHN
96) 5) text: Isabel... JOHN
96) 7) text: So it's impossible. JOHN
96) 13) dialog: Makes sense to me.
98) 0) text: SUV pulls into the empty parking lot. John is out before Angela gets it in park, unlocks the side door. A few flies escape to freedom as he opens the door. John rushes in.
99) 1) dialog: Beeman? John grabs the door that leads behind the pin area. locked from the other side.
99) 5) dialog: (pounds on door)
99) 8) dialog: He's always here. Several more flies flit by him. This time John notices, turns and spots the source of the HUM -- a cloud of FLIES near the center aisles. Angela follows his gaze, spots them as well.
99) 10) dialog: Oh Jesus, no -- He rips his coat off, flings it at the mound and million flies scatter -- revealing the body of Beeman. Ravaged. Flies pouring out of his mouth, his ears --
99) 12) text: Oh God -- John goes ballistic, screams to the walls --
99) 13) dialog: Who are you?! Answer me!! Goddamit -- reveal yourself!   I summon you! He angrily rips his sleeves up -- revealing two distinct TATTOOS on his forearms. Slams them together with all his might -- clenching his eyes tight -- concentrating -- Veins in his arms and neck bulge, look ready to explode -
99) 17) dialog: Into the light I command thee!! Into the light I -- John is choked by a cough -- can't finish -- arms separate and he buckles to his knees, reveals to Angela just how ill he really is. She leans down to him, sees hints of blood on the floor.
99) 18) dialog: ... this is my fault... I sent them in... I sent them right to their deaths... a damn one-man plague.
99) 20) dialog: I've seen a goddamn doctor!! Angela glares at him -- understands now.       He's dying John stands, almost stumbles.       Angela tries to help.
99) 21) dialog: Get away from me!!
99) 23) dialog: Stay the hell away -- (tortured look to her)
100) 0) text: John sits in his opened window, simmering. He holds a lit cigarette but doesn't dare put it to his lips. Outside the city goes about its unending churn.
100) 8) dialog: Go home, Angela.
100) 11) dialog: Because you open up to that world, you're inviting whatever's out there back in. That's what happened to Isabel.
100) 13) dialog: No, she embraced her gift while you denied yours and that denial is exactly why you're still alive. Stick with me, that'll change. John gets off the window, starts walking away.
100) 14) dialog: And I don't need another ghost following me around.
100) 21) dialog: You do this, there's no turning back. You see them -- they see you. Understand? Angela never blinks as she nods in agreement.
101) 2) text: John?
101) 3) dialog: I'm thinking.
101) 5) dialog: On is fine.
102) 0) text: John fills a 70-year-old porcelain BATHTUB.       Angela stands in the center.
102) 5) dialog: It's the universal conduit. Lubricates the transition from one plane to another. Now ask me if there's water in Hell. John turns off the faucet.
102) 6) dialog: Sit. Angela grabs his shoulder for balance, lowers herself. When she's sitting, the water is all the way to her neck.
102) 7) dialog: Normally only a portion of the body has to be suspended but you wanted the crash course...
102) 10) dialog: Lie down.
102) 13) dialog: You have to be fully submerged.
102) 15) dialog: As long as it takes.     Here -- John cups the back of her neck, holds her face just above the water as she lowers down. Her breathing is picking up. John leans over the tub, looks straight down at her.
102) 16) dialog: Last chance... (off her look)
102) 21) text: A silent John ripples above.     His hand grips her arm, skin to skin.
102) 28) dialog: Angela? Eyes snap open and she's off him in a second, runs out. John pries himself from the tile, goes after her.
103) 0) text: Angela runs behind the vertebrae of machines, dripping water the entire way. John tries to keep up.
103) 2) dialog: Balthazar.
104) 0) text: Beeman's bowling bag is flipped and the contents are dumped onto a table. Powder, bugs and bullets go everywhere. John retrieves the odd-tipped bullets. Those brass knuckles and that copper pipe are taken also.
105) 0) text: John is stuffing the bowling bag while Angela watches, now dressed in dry clothes. That shirt is John's.
105) 1) dialog: That half-breed tipped my scales when he started killing my friends. I'm just adding a little counterweight. John lifts that holy shotgun -- KA CHICK --
105) 3) dialog: Think of it as a bulletproof vest.
105) 5) dialog: (knows he can't win)
106) 0) text: FAT-ASS TIRES BURN under the full torque of a 426 HEMI. A jet-black '70s BARRACUDA BLASTS from the basement garage of 20 Lanes -- slides onto the streets of L.A. Angela hangs on as John grabs the SKULL shifter knob -- slams into 2nd -- leaves another layer of tread behind.
107) 3) dialog: This shouldn't take long.
108) 0) text: Elevator opens and John steps out into a lobby of concrete and glass. Pretentious design screams money. Lots of it. Since trading is still a half hour away, the place is practically empty. Across the room a stainless steal DOOR HISSES open. John looks the other way as a Security Guard exits. Thick DOOR glides closed, seals with another HISS. No way in. John notices the janitor down one hallway. It's Nico from Midnite's. He and John lock stares. Nico opens a "Security Only" door, steps inside -- leaves the door open.
109) 9) dialog: How's he doing it? John steps into the trading room, eyes Balthazar rising from the floor. Suit's in shreds, half his face is burned off, but now he's pissed.
109) 11) dialog: Screw the Balance. John hits him with another BLAST of FLAME -- pins him hard against the wall.
111) 0) text: John turns his attention back to Balthazar, doesn't hesitate and hits him with a continuous tide of flame. Suit and skin is peeling off, revealing something else underneath. The true form.
111) 1) dialog: How's he doing it, you half-breed shit?! John swings the flame aside so he can KICK Balthazar against the wall. But now his WEAPON SPUTTERS. Shit. Charcoal hand thrusts out, bats away the shotgun and grabs John by the throat. Balthazar rises from the ashes.     He may be burned, but he's one tough son of a bitch. Balthazar slides    John up a wall by his neck. John can' break his hold.     He's choking, frantically rummages through his coat    pockets. Comes out with those sacred GOLD KNUCKLES on    his right hand. Balthazar tightens his grip and John swings, clocks him across the face. The enhanced punch sends a dizzying ripple throughout Balthazar's body. But he doesn't let go. John is choking, starts whaling on him. Again and again -- each punch weakening this demon more. John finally gets him against the wall. Right arm's tired so he slips the gold knuckles onto his left hand, and with extreme pleasure -- continues punching away. Drives Balthazar to the floor, right to the brink of death.
111) 6) dialog: Not really, no.
111) 8) dialog: True.   But you're not. John removes that small BLACK BOX from his coat. Balthazar tries not to be concerned until John unlatches it and removes the one weapon he hardly ever uses -- A Bible.
111) 10) dialog: I'm reading you your last rites. Balthazar reacts.      This isn't good.
111) 12) dialog: Aren't you half human? Balthazar doesn't have to answer.
111) 13) dialog: You see, that makes you eligible to be forgiven. You do know what it is to truly be forgiven? To be welcomed into the kingdom of God? Balthazar's worst nightmare.
111) 14) dialog: A demon in heaven -- love to be a fly on that wall...
111) 19) dialog: -- I escaped hell, who else do you know that has the power to do that?! Balthazar is now doubting his own beliefs.
111) 20) dialog: Just tell me how Mammon is crossing over and you can go back to your shithole. Balthazar isn't convinced. John stands -- raises the Bible and starts to read --
111) 21) dialog: 'May the merciful God have mercy on you and grant you the pardon of all your sins...' He places a hand on Balthazar's forehead. Balthazar glares at it as John's voice rises with commanding authority.
111) 22) dialog: 'Whosoever sins you remit on earth they are remitted unto them in heaven. I absolve you from -- '
111) 24) dialog: How?   How's he doing it?! Balthazar looks scared as shit to tell him.
111) 25) dialog: (bellowing out)
111) 28) dialog: How?
111) 33) dialog: He's found the Spear. Balthazar's expression confirms it.
112) 5) dialog: What happened to staying in the car?
112) 7) dialog: Well now there's a premonition. SIRENS crack the air.     Angela jumps in and John PEELS OUT.
113) 2) dialog: Jesus didn't die from being nailed to a cross.
114) 0) text: John takes a turn at 70 as Angela stares into John's Bible.
114) 1) dialog: He was finished off by a soldier's spear. He points in the Bible at a detailed painting of the event -- Jesus hanging on the cross -- being pierced by a soldier's spear. It matches that child's drawing John removed from the fridge -- now lying on his seat.
114) 6) dialog: Then you know what this spear would mean to a demon trying to cross over. She doesn't.
114) 7) dialog: The stains on its edges? Angela looks back at the painting, notes the liquid flowing from Jesus' wound. Angela can't believe it --
114) 8) dialog: Mammon needed divine assistance -- how's the blood of God's only son? Angela sits stunned for a moment.
114) 10) dialog: Not quite. (glances at her)
114) 12) dialog: Here we go -- John floors it and Angela glances out the back window, spots something in the traffic -- bounding over vehicles, hitting the pavement on all fours --
114) 14) dialog: A hound on the hunt. A blur of muscle and bone leaps over cars at incredible speed -- denting in roofs, CRACKING a WINDSHIELD -- causing general chaos. Cars brake -- SLIDE into each other. And still this thing keeps coming.
114) 15) dialog: Hang on -- BARRACUDA slides into an alley, races toward the other end.
114) 22) dialog: He's not down.   Gimme your phone. Angela pulls out her cellular.
115) 6) dialog: Chaz -- where are you?!
115) 8) dialog: You still got that Sedrallus?
115) 10) text: Yeah, but I'm kind of busy right now, John.
115) 11) dialog: Dammit, Chaz, I'm trying to save my ass here!
115) 14) dialog: Remember the Chalic of Enook incident?
115) 17) dialog: West side of the 3rd Street Bridge, say... He checks the speedometer -- 90 mph.
115) 18) dialog: ... 2 minutes.
115) 23) text: John? John?! Ah... shit. Chaz downshifts, stops in cloud of dust --
116) 0) text: John heads toward the skyline now -- at 90 mph -- to the 3rd Street Bridge on the horizon. Angela scans behind them, can't believe her eyes.
116) 3) dialog: Of course he's gaining. John PUNCHES the GAS to the floor.
118) 0) text: John gives Angela the number.
118) 1) dialog: 
118) 5) dialog: 
118) 9) dialog: 
120) 0) text: John smacks the wheel, victoriously -- looks over to Angela who sighs with relief. His expression changes as he centers on the empty necklace dangling around her neck.
120) 1) dialog: Where's the amulet? WHAM -- something reaches through the roof hole and JERKS HER right out of the car.
120) 2) dialog: 
120) 5) text: What the hell was that?! Both leap onto the concrete rail, lean over and spot a HUGE WINGED SHADOW just as it disappears below the bridge. Chaz is speechless as he turns to John. This is too much. John gives him the out he's been waiting for --
120) 6) dialog: We're even. Chaz nods and John leaves him at the rail.   He jumps bac in the BARRACUDA and PEELS OUT. Chaz watches him race away, looks back at his burning taxi.
122) 0) text: John bursts through a door -- Midnite right on his heels. MIDNITE
122) 1) text: Mammon has been trying to climb out of his father's shadow for eons. JOHN
122) 3) text: Because he's got the Spear? JOHN
122) 5) text: You're giving this girl way too much credit. JOHN
122) 7) text: And you do?   That would be a first. John swings open a STORAGE ROOM DOOR -- looks in at large-scale relics -- statues, props, etc. JOHN
122) 9) text: The chair? JOHN
122) 15) dialog: I'll take my chances.
122) 17) dialog: Midnite --
122) 19) dialog: Midnite --
122) 21) dialog: Where the hell is the chair, you dumb shit?! Midnite just stands there -- his body inflating past it's seven feet. John knows he went too far.
122) 22) dialog: That was the cancer talking, you know that, right?
122) 24) text: Once. John nods.
123) 4) dialog: What's in your bathroom, a Renoir?
123) 7) dialog: Like riding a bike... He tries again.     Midnite blocks him again.
123) 9) dialog: Then just increase the juice. John tries again.     Again Midnite stops him.
123) 11) dialog: I just need enough rope to find her.
123) 13) dialog: One goddamn problem at a time -- John shoves past him, plops his ass in the huge chair. His feet dangle off the ground. Midnite stands by, won't help. So John starts strapping himself in the chair. His chest, his ankles. One wrist. He obviously can't strap the other. He looks to the big man.
123) 14) dialog: You want me to sign a waiver?
123) 18) dialog: Hang on, Angela.
125) 0) text: Midnite kneels in front of John who is now handcuffed to the chair, cables draped from every limb.
125) 2) dialog: Try?
125) 4) dialog: No, he's still here.   I'm sure of it.
125) 6) dialog: Roach wings? What happened to using lilac pedals -- ?
126) 0) text: FROM that MYSTERIOUS POV, we watch the Prisoner hold the Spear for the first time. Like before, he turns and looks behind him where -- John now stands. Watching.      John centers on the Spear the Prisoner's hand.
127) 0) text: John's face is held tight in the life-saving fingers of Midnite's grip. John gasps as he comes back -- nods to Midnite and finally --
127) 1) dialog: Ravenscar. The abandoned wing. He's in the boy.
129) 15) dialog: That ritual you do with the water, can you do more than one bottle at a time? Midnite raises an eyebrow.
130) 0) text: The motorized MAIN GATE is jammed -- opening and closing on a crashed VAN. The van the Prisoner carjacked. The abandoned hospital wing stands ominous against a moonlit night. Vague figures move about near the emergency entrance. John's BARRACUDA IDLES up with its headlights off. John stares out, points up to the WATER TANK -- on the roof.
132) 0) text: Front glass doors swing open and John and Midnite calmly strut inside. Stop. HEAR the O.S. MURMURS of an unseen crowd. This EMERGENCY ROOM is crammed with people. Lawyers. Brokers. Soccer moms. Truck drivers. Etc... Most are crowded in front of a set of double doors. Room goes dead silent as all eyes lock on our guys. John steps from Midnite, raises his hands like a riot cop.
132) 4) dialog: Okay -- let's cut the scratch and call it a night. Meeting's over. That's got their attention. As entertainment. A few chuckle. John is surprised to see Ellie stepping from the crowd. Still that bundle of sexual energy.
132) 5) dialog: Ellie?
132) 7) dialog: You think his son will be any different? He'll just turn this place into his own Hell and then where will you to party, Heaven?
132) 9) dialog: Never bothered you before.
132) 11) dialog: I'm sure you will. John pulls out his lighter, holds it up -- flicks it on.
132) 12) dialog: Now turn around and take your friends with you. Can he look more ridiculous?
132) 13) dialog: I will deport you.   All of you. You know I can. John steps back up onto a chair, thrusts the lighter higher --
132) 18) dialog: Go to Hell. Ellie looks up just as the sprinklers trigger.
132) 25) dialog: We are what we are, Ellie -- John FIRES over his back, loosens her grip. He grabs hold, shoves her face up into the spray of an overhead sprinkler head. Legs flail about. Midnite comes out of the rain -- grabs John.
134) 0) text: Holy rain has stopped in here. A fine mist floats in the air. John and Midnite make their way through. Only their footsteps on the tile break the stark silence. Another set of doors is ahead. Before they reach it a faint shadow crosses in the mist. Both pause, expecting something to reveal itself. But it doesn't.
136) 0) text: John and Midnite burst into the room, spot Barry standing in the tank. His hands in the water. On Angela. JOHN (rushing toward him)
136) 1) text: Barry! Barry looks up, sees the two men rushing toward him. Guns aimed. JOHN
136) 2) text: Let her up!!   Let her up!! A beat as John meets Barry's eyes -- realizes he's staring at a frightened child. Barry backs away as -- -- Angela sits up behind John.    Water rippling off, straps dangling free. John turns -- locks on her BLACK EYES. JOHN
136) 3) text: Shit -- John thinks fast -- scans the area and sees every mirror in the room has been shattered. So much for the quick fix. He jumps into the water with her, grabs her face and pushes her against the tank walls. This is an exorcism on the fly. JOHN
136) 8) dialog: Back to Hell, asshole -- Her body undulates as Mammon's shape tries to come throug Pulsating through her arms, her chest -- her face. Angela BITES into his palm. John recoils. She shoves him off and John hits the tile hard. Angela jumps from the tank, pushes past in a blur. John spins to see Midnite standing right there -- Angela now firmly in his size-twelve grasp.
136) 12) text: John coughs, struggles to stand. He tries to cover but it's obvious his end is nearing. Midnite positions Angela to face him, braces her arms out from her sides -- crucifixion-style. She tries but can't break free. John puts a hand to her forehead --
136) 13) dialog: Et separatur a plasmate tuo, Ut num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui serpentes.
136) 18) dialog: Into the light I command thee! Into the light I command thee! It takes every ounce of John's life force to keep this spell alive and when he's about to drop from exhaustion the shadow is brought fully into the light -- becomes that familiar shape of WINGS.
136) 20) dialog: Gabriel? John is too weak to even be surprised anymore.
136) 21) dialog: Figures... Gabriel touches down in front of him.       Spear in his
136) 22) dialog: And the wicked shall inherit the Earth.
136) 24) dialog: Betrayal, murder, genocide?    Call me provincial.
136) 26) dialog: By unleashing Hell on Earth?     Good thinking... Gabriel's wings fold behind as he walks around John.
136) 31) dialog: So what's a few thousand years of pain, right?
136) 33) dialog: And that just bugs the shit out of you.
136) 35) dialog: You're trying to teach us a lesson?
136) 37) text: The road to salvation begins tonight. Right now. John just stares at this rogue angel, centers on the Spear in his hand. He makes a break for it. Gabriel's wings beat once. The GUST BLOWS John through the double doors, back into the --
136) 42) text: ... I know I'm not one of your favorites... I'm not even allowed in your house these days... but I could use a little attention... John waits for nothing. His body crumples, his cheek landing flat against the tile. Glistening shards of mirror glass lie around him. As he stares at his reflection in one, he gets the idea.
136) 59) dialog: You're early.
136) 61) dialog: So I've heard. Satan sees John's slit wrists.
136) 64) dialog: ... so how's your son?
136) 66) dialog: ... he's topside...
136) 68) dialog: With Gabriel.
136) 70) dialog: He's helping your son create his own Hell on Earth...
136) 72) dialog: He has the Spear of Destiny.
136) 77) dialog: Go look for yourself... Satan is still suspicious.
136) 78) dialog: You've waited twenty years for me, what's another twenty seconds? Satan contemplates his remark. Metallic reverberation is overtaken as SOUND and MOTION ramp back to real time --
136) 89) dialog: Isabel...
136) 91) dialog: ... let her... go home...
139) 0) text: John relaxes, stops fighting the inevitable. Satan takes his hand, starts to pull him home but suddenly finds himself pulling on what seems to be infinite mass. Try as he might, he can't budge John an inch. And now John's other hand leaves his side, and as if weightless, begins to rise toward something above. No sense in beating around the bush here, John is in the embrace of God. Satan sees this and recoils in absolute RAGE -- SATAN
139) 3) text: You will live, John Constantine, you will live so you'll have the chance to prove that your soul truly belongs in Hell. You will live! Satan eagerly plunges his blazing hands into John's body -- John screams in agony. Satan tears through his tissue -- collecting the cancer, then ripping out a mass of diseased tissue with one vengeful pull. John's final blood-curdling SCREAM ECHOES over --
141) 0) text: On his hands and knees, John takes that first breath. New lungs fill for the first time. No cough. Not even a wheeze. Face has renewed color. Wrists have sealed tight.
141) 6) dialog: Human... Gabriel looks up as John retrieves a gun from the wet floor.
141) 7) dialog: You don't deserve to be human.
141) 11) dialog: ... and I'll be condemned again...
141) 16) dialog: You're even worthless as bait. John starts to turn away --
141) 18) dialog: That's called pain.    Get used to it. John turns toward the double doors -- stops cold. Huddled in the doorway, covered in grime is Angela and Barry. The experience has obviously left them both drained. John walks across the room, kneels down to them.
145) 0) text: JOHN pulls back the protective hood from his face. Healthy and tan with a new lease on life. He pops a NICORETTE TABLET, then unwraps rolls of cloth from around the Spear of Destiny. He drops it in the hole, stares at it a long beat.
146) 0) text: The entire mechanism shudders. And now miraculously, every globe, every moon, every obscure object in this miniature occult universe begins to rotate in complete sync. As it does, the defining object finally slides INTO VIEW. John's lighter.   ANGELA watches it rotate past, nods in approval.
147) 0) text: John sighs, finally sweeps mounds of soil over the sacred relic. He stands, nods. Job done. A breeze blows past and John senses being watched. He spins and finds -- nothing. For a hundred miles. He starts walking. JOHN (V.O.)
148) 0) text: walking right in step. Something is closing in on her. A new TAXI pulls up. Chaz is driving. Angela gets in. JOHN (V.O.)
149) 0) text: John continues walking as something closes in on him at incredible speed. JOHN (V.O.)
149) 1) text: Some people like it... Our view RISES OVER him and gliding across the barren landscape are the SHADOW of WINGS. JOHN (V.O.)