6) 14) text: Listen, Adele, the reason I called, that party is today instead of Sunday. About eight-thirty, like only a few hours from now.  So you'll have to get hold of Buddy, whatever he might be doing...
8) 3) dialog: Ref don't call it pretty soon, Snoopy's gonna send this guy out in a body bag. Foley watches a MAN -- fifties, out of place, not as hard as those around him.  The guy looks nervous, can feel the cons' eyes on him as he tries to find a seat. The BELL SOUNDS and the white boxer staggers to his feet. Maurice steps in and resumes the bloody pummelling.  Fole and watches the fight now...
8) 6) dialog: I don't believe it. Foley watches the new inmate as fights erupt all around h and, anxious now, he tries to get out of there.
9) 0) text: Foley and Buddy sit atop a cement picnic table watching a nearby, the "winning" BOXER -- still wearing last night's pummelling on his face -- gloats to a group of cons.  He a fake punch at one of them as he demonstrates his winnin technique...
9) 1) dialog: Guy's braggin' he won a thrown fight. Fuckin' pathetic. Foley looks at the other side of the yard where Maurice n stands at the far side of the yard coldly watching the gu hand thrust into his pocket.  Foley watches as Maurice st the NEW INMATE -- the older guy who looked out of place a fights -- as he comes out into the yard.
9) 3) dialog: (looking now)
9) 6) dialog: What's he doin' here?
9) 14) dialog: How do you know he wrote a check?
9) 18) dialog: Cool.  Where's the guy live? Foley watches a few more of Maurice's friends surround Ri Again, Ripley takes out his black book, starts nodding, m notations...
9) 25) dialog: (watching Snoopy)
9) 27) dialog: I guess the Snoop doesn't like to lose, even if it's on purpose. We hear a WHISTLE BLOW as a GUARD spots the body.  And no everyone moves like hell for the gate... except for... Richard Ripley who stands there frozen, staring down at t body. Foley glances back at the approaching guards, casually ta Ripley by the arm as he passes, leads him away from there to him as they walk into the block...
11) 0) text: As Buddy walks up to a Cadillac Sedan DeVille Concours pu a slim-jim from the back of his pants, about to jimmy the when he sees... A WOMAN -- middle-aged, wearing pearls and high heels -- out of the Winn Dixie pushing a grocery cart full of groc Buddy sticks the jimmy back in his pants, waits until the is opening her trunk before coming forward...
11) 1) dialog: Here, lemme help you with those, ma'am. She doesn't seem too sure about it, but lets him load the groceries in the trunk and take the key out of the lock.
11) 3) dialog: That's okay, ma'am.  I'll just take your car. She stands there stupidly as he gets in and drives off.
14) 0) text: As Buddy sits watching the cons come in from the athletic He sees the mirror flash in the car in front of him as Ka checks her face out in the rear-view.
17) 0) text: As Buddy watches a spotlight from the tower come on and f the two cons as we then hear the sound of RIFLE REPORTS b the men disappear into the dark. Then Buddy sees Karen in his headlights, whistles softly gets a good look at her long legs as she raises the lid t trunk...
17) 1) dialog: What's she doing? He watches her duck her head in the trunk and come out wi holstered pistol.
17) 2) dialog: Uh-oh. But then she throws the pistol in the trunk, ducks in the again and comes out this time racking a shotgun.
17) 3) dialog: Uh-oh. And now Buddy watches her hurry to the front of her car a raise the shotgun as we hear A WHISTLE BLOW IN THE COMPOU Buddy gets out of the car...
18) 2) dialog: It's okay, honey, we're good guys.
18) 5) dialog: Why don't we talk about it later? He turns to see Foley and Karen staring at each other in headlights from Buddy's car; Karen not at all afraid.
18) 9) text: Listen, you hop in the trunk and we'll get out of here. Karen looks at him, then gets up, climbs into the trunk. reaching around, trying to find her pistol, when... Foley gives her a shove and gets in with her, wedging her the wall of the trunk, pressing against her back like the cuddled up in bed. He holds her to him, giving her no room to turn and stick gun in his face.  Buddy reaches for the trunk lid and the everything goes...
19) 0) text: As Buddy floors it away from the prison, checks the rearv mirror...
21) 0) text: As Buddy rifles through Karen's bag while he drives.  He from her badge and ID case at the road.
25) 0) text: As Buddy passes a sign that says "MIAMI, 74 MILES."
29) 0) text: As Buddy sees FLASHING LIGHTS approach from the opposite direction.  He stays cool as the green and whites get clo closer... then fly right on past.
30) 15) dialog: You still alive in there? And the trunk lid raises so that we see Karen and Foley l in the back.  Foley gets out.  Karen doesn't move.
30) 17) dialog: That's the turnpike up there.  Glenn's waiting with the other car.
30) 21) dialog: We may as well leave her, we're leaving the car and we gotta leave her some place anyway, what's the difference where?
30) 23) dialog: Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there?
30) 25) dialog: I already looked.  Her name is Karen Sisco.  Like the Cisco Kid only spelled different, S-i-s-c-o. A sheriff's green-and-white goes screaming past and they to the narrow space between the car and the concrete abut of the overpass.  When the road quiets down, Foley moves trunk and bangs on it once with his fist.
30) 33) dialog: The green-and-whites saw us.  One of 'em starts thinking, what's that car doing there?  Ties it to the break and turns around... Foley thinks about it, then looks up at the overpass agai
31) 15) dialog: I brought 'em, they're back at Glades in the Cadillac.  You wanted to take her car.
31) 18) dialog: What's wrong with you? Karen looks over at Foley, then ducks her head and gets i backseat.
31) 20) dialog: How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with?
31) 22) dialog: You're pulling at it.  Here... He lays the shotgun in the grass and comes up, takes the shirt in his two hands and rips it open, popping buttons tearing the shirt.
31) 24) dialog: He ain't the problem, Jack. Foley looks at him.
31) 25) dialog: You wanna pull your head outta your ass and tell me why we're bringing <i>her</i> with us?
33) 1) dialog: You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up?  You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, "Oh, I had you all wrong"?
33) 3) dialog: You're too late, Jack. Foley doesn't say anything.  Just takes a deep breath as HEAR THE CAR START and they both look over...
33) 4) dialog: He wants to get out of here and I don't blame him. They start towards the car.  Then stop and watch as it ta off, tires squealing as the rubber hits pavement.  Their to us, they stand there watching the tailights until they out of sight down the turnpike, neither of them saying a We hear SQUEAKY FOOTSTEPS OVER...
35) 0) text: As Foley and Buddy hurry up the front steps.
35) 2) dialog: Cause she had her hand on her gun the whole time, waiting to make her move. Buddy opens the door, looks at Foley.
35) 4) dialog: You're right.
36) 0) text: A "hideout."  Not much in the way of furnishings.  Foley Buddy inside, watches as he bolts the door.
36) 3) dialog: There's some lilac oil, you want some, a vanilla candle under the sink.
36) 5) dialog: There's something about a nice hot bath, transforms a person.  It's not just about opening up your pores, know what I mean?  There's just something about the heat and the wet that's calming you know?  Settles me in a way that I really can't articulate.
36) 8) dialog: There's a store around the corner, I'll be right back.
37) 0) text: As Buddy leaves the apartment, starts down the hall, KARE INTO FRAME, watches as he disappears down the stairs.  Gu she then moves towards the apartment.
40) 0) text: A dozen GERIATRIC RESIDENTS sit on chairs out front as Bu climbs the steps carrying a bag of groceries under one ar newspaper under the other.  An old woman comes out the do Buddy opens it and squints at him.
40) 2) dialog: Uh, no, ma'am.  Sorry.
41) 0) text: Buddy's REAL apartment, not the one Karen pictured in her This one's nicer, with a view of the beach.  Jack stands balcony going through KAREN'S PURSE. He pulls out her wallet, checks out her driver's licence He does the same with her gym I.D. card.  He finds her ad book and opens it up.  A photo of her father slips out. examines it a moment, then flips through the book. He stares at something in her bag a moment, then reaches and comes up with her us Marshal I.D.  He slips it open a studies the badge and the picture opposite. He holds on to it, looks out at the ocean, but really see
41) 4) dialog: You made the front page. He holds up the newspaper so that Foley can see his pictu the front page: an unflattering mug shot that doesn't loo that much like him.
41) 5) dialog: They pass this picture around you can go anywhere you want, nobody'll know you.
41) 7) dialog: Maybe this'll make you feel better. Buddy reaches into the bag, tosses Foley a NEW ZIPPO.
41) 9) dialog: Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu.
41) 11) dialog: Just that she got away.
41) 13) dialog: You'll have to ask Glenn.  And most likely, he's on his way to Detroit, where we should be. Foley walks back out on to the balcony, looks at the cont Karen's bag spread out on the table.
41) 14) dialog: You realize what you're doing?  Worrying about a person that works in law enforcement.  You want to sit down and have cocktails with a girl that tried to shoot you.  You hear what I'm saying? Foley holds up the picture of Marshall Sisco.
41) 16) dialog: Am I going to Detroit by myself? Foley picks up her drivers licence photo.
41) 17) dialog: Longer we hang around down here, Jack, better chance there is either Glenn's gonna fuck up the whole score, or we gonna get busted, or both.
43) 74) dialog: Who you talking to?
43) 77) dialog: You better come see this.
45) 0) text: As Foley and Buddy watch a news report on the earlier eve the hobo camp.  We catch a glimpse of RAY NICOLET, GUN IN WAISTBAND, STICKING HIS CHEST OUT FOR THE CAMERA. Foley shakes his head as they show a shot of Lulu's body with a sheet.
45) 2) dialog: He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
45) 4) dialog: He knows where she lives? Foley doesn't answer.  Buddy mutes the set.  Turns to Fol
45) 5) dialog: Jack?
45) 7) dialog: So call her up.  Tell her don't talk to any Cubans.
45) 9) dialog: And you know they're gonna have some people watching the hotel.
49) 0) text: Buddy drives.  Foley -- in a bright orange and ochre beac is beside him.  Buddy looks at him, shakes his head.
49) 1) dialog: Nice disguise.
49) 3) dialog: You at least bring the gun?
49) 6) text: That's her place. As they drive past, Buddy indicates a MAN on the steps ou obviously FBI...
49) 7) dialog: There.  You see the guy sitting on the porch?  The old ladies and one guy? You know they'll have a couple more in a car somewhere.
49) 9) text: Uh-huh... Buddy follows Foley's gaze to...
49) 11) dialog: Oh, my. Foley watches, her hair in her face as she tries to reach the car and grab it.
49) 12) dialog: Okay, you saw her.  That's all you get. They watch as she walks to the Normandie and shows the YO AGENT her ID...
49) 14) dialog: Sure looks that way.
49) 17) dialog: Now you're talkin'.
50) 39) text: I think Buddy felt kinda bad about that.
51) 0) text: As Foley and Buddy quickly pack up their stuff.
51) 2) dialog: I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go?
51) 4) dialog: Remember Snoopy Miller, his old pal from Lompoc?
51) 6) dialog: He isn't fighting no more.  Glenn told me the Snoop's been managing some guys up there now, works out at the Kronk.
52) 22) dialog: Is this your floor, mother?
56) 2) dialog: Let's just hope there's no one in the garage.
57) 0) text: As they get in and Buddy starts the car...
57) 1) dialog: They know where I live, I guess they know what I drive, so maybe we should pick up another car on the way.
62) 35) dialog: Hey, Jack...
62) 39) dialog: You see this one... Buddy reads from a newspaper while Foley watches the gym.
62) 40) dialog: "Fight over tuna casserole may have spurred slaying."  Seems this woman's live-in boyfriend, seventy years old, complained about her tuna noodle casserole and she shot him in the face with a twelve-gauge.  Police found noodles in the woman's hair and think the guy dumped the casserole dish on her before she shot him.  They'd been together ten years.
62) 42) dialog: Hey-- And now Foley turns and looks over as the black Town Car pulls into the Kronk parking lot.
64) 1) dialog: Whatta you think?
64) 3) dialog: Or two.
65) 15) dialog: What's he do now, tell fortunes? Maurice stands at the edge of the ring apron, looks from to Buddy and back again, pretty serious about it.
65) 23) dialog: What?  You mean Snoop?
65) 25) dialog: But you call this bozo White Boy?
65) 28) dialog: What's he do now outside of shoot his mouth off? White Boy Bob stares down Buddy who couldn't give a shit.
68) 17) dialog: You have the paper?
69) 0) text: Buddy looking at the same shot...
69) 1) dialog: Outside of that. INTERCUTTING FOLEY &amp; BUDDY
69) 3) dialog: She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather. Foley reaches in one of the bags from the Jewish Recyclin and pulls out a tie.
69) 5) dialog: They don't stay the night, Jack, 'less you pay for it.
69) 7) dialog: Just hung up.
69) 9) dialog: Two hours.
69) 11) dialog: Forty-five minutes.
69) 13) dialog: Forget about my sister.  If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up.
73) 0) text: It's snowing pretty hard when Foley and Buddy pull up out
74) 0) text: Buddy wipes the condensation off his window, so they can the house.
74) 1) dialog: Now that's a really big house.
74) 3) dialog: No doubt the man's got some big-ass security system.
74) 5) dialog: Yeah?  You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us?
74) 7) dialog: Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life.
74) 9) dialog: (beat)
74) 11) dialog: I mean, they don't know for sure he's dead. (then)
74) 14) dialog: My sister believes in fate, but not hell.  That's why she stopped praying for the lost souls since you don't hear that much about purgatory anymore. But every day she asks her boss to pray I don't fuck up.  Whatta you think, you think there's a hell, Jack?
74) 16) dialog: You might not have a choice. Foley looks at him.
74) 17) dialog: They put a gun on you, you'll go back.
77) 0) text: As Buddy pulls away from the house, Foley pulls out the c Karen he tore out of the morning paper.  He's written the "WESTIN" on it.
77) 2) dialog: Yeah, and I better call my sister.
86) 0) text: Buddy stands at the window looking out as Foley -- in his underwear -- sits at the table reading the newspaper, a r service breakfast, a bottle of Jim Beam close by.
86) 1) dialog: It took you, what, seven hours to buy a pair of shoes?
86) 3) dialog: And she saw you?
86) 5) dialog: So how's that work, a wanted felon socializing with a U.S. Marshal?
86) 7) dialog: Did you give her a jump?  If you did I might begin to understand where your head's at.
86) 9) dialog: You find out?
86) 11) dialog: So what's that mean?  That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks?
92) 0) text: Karen looks across the street at the theatre, sees people leaving.  A few seconds later, she steps behind a car and as Buddy and Foley pull into the lot.
93) 20) text: Give me a minute, talk to Buddy.
93) 24) dialog: Whatta you wanna do? Foley takes out his lighter, begins playing with it.
93) 25) dialog: You know they gonna set us up.
93) 27) dialog: But you still think you can get the diamonds fore they do? Foley looks at him a moment, then...
93) 29) dialog: Half for doing what?
93) 31) dialog: And who watches your back?
94) 0) text: It's snowing as Maurice, White Boy Bob, Kenneth, Buddy, a Foley pile into the back of a van, the name of some plumb and heating company on the side. We PULL BACK TO REVEAL that we're watching from inside Ka car.  She waits for the van to pull away, then follows.
95) 0) text: Kenneth -- the fucking maniac -- at the wheel.  Buddy and piled into the back of the van full of plastic pipe and equipment.  Maurice pulls on a pair of white coveralls.
98) 0) text: Buddy and Foley are jostled about the back from Kenneth's driving.
98) 1) dialog: Slow down. Kenneth grins in the mirror, punches it more.  Buddy gets the .38 and touches it to the back of Kenneth's head.
98) 2) dialog: Get ready to grab the wheel when I shoot this asshole. Kenneth, his eyes freaked with speed, glares at Buddy in mirror.
102) 2) dialog: You think he was talking about walking into people's houses when he said it? Maurice looks at Buddy.  Buddy holds his gaze.  Then the lights on either side of the front entrance come on.
102) 8) dialog: I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes.
103) 14) text: That's right, just me. Foley catches the hesitation, glances at Buddy.
103) 23) dialog: I don't ski.
105) 0) text: Full of fat, cushy chairs and a sofa, everything white or a wet bar, a big TV, CD player.  Buddy moves into the doo peers inside. Kenneth is trying to find a radio station while Maurice a White Boy Bob ransack the place.  White Boy Bob checks un the mattress...
105) 5) dialog: Checkin' the other rooms, like you said.
111) 0) text: The music ON LOUD (Herb Alpert -- Tijuana Taxi).  Buddy s in the doorway, watches Maurice, out of his coveralls, as takes suits and sport coats from the walk-in closet to lo them over.  He tries on a coat, turns to the maid.
113) 4) dialog: They found the safe.
113) 6) dialog: Yeah, hi.  Nice house.
116) 0) text: As Buddy and Ripley look up.
120) 4) dialog: Damn-- And now Buddy takes a closer look and now we, too, see th strewn about the bottom of the aquarium are dozens of unc diamonds of various sizes.
120) 7) dialog: They look like plain old rocks.
120) 14) text: I love her, Jack. Foley looks at Buddy.  Now what?
120) 15) dialog: C'mon. Foley just looks at Ripley, who doesn't move.
121) 0) text: A now-freezing Karen hugs a retaining wall, watches as Fo and Buddy emerge from the house.
121) 2) dialog: Okay. Buddy straightens up, looks at Foley.
121) 3) dialog: Come <i>on</i>.
121) 5) dialog: What?
121) 7) dialog: From the looks of those boys, the Ripper too.
121) 9) dialog: At least. Foley looks at the diamonds in the bag.
121) 11) dialog: All you gotta do is get in. Again Foley looks at the diamonds, then...
121) 13) dialog: I'll go with you. Foley finally hands him the bag with the diamonds in it..
121) 15) dialog: Jack --
121) 18) dialog: Hey... Buddy hands him his gun.  Foley takes it, stuffs it in th of his pants, and then turns back to the house.
147) 0) text: As Buddy pulls the van into an alley.  He jumps out, jogs to the street and hails a cab...
148) 0) text: Buddy suddenly gets in, bangs on the bulletproof glass.
148) 1) dialog: The airport. The cab pulls away.  Buddy glances up front, then pulls t Ziploc bag from his coat and holds it up.  There's a bit water in along with the diamonds.  A tiny fish swims in t water.  Something about this makes Buddy smile as we...