3) 0) text: As Foley takes his tray up the centre aisle, he scans the of white T-shirts until he sees the two little Latins sit at a table full of other little Latins.  CHINO -- fifties shape -- shovels macaroni in his mouth. Chino's "wife", LULU, nineteen, looks up from his own nea of macaroni and jello and watches Foley walk past and sit with a bunch of bikers. Foley watches as the guy across from Chino scrapes some m off his plate and on to Chino's and Chino wolfs that down
4) 0) text: Chino steps outside and lights a cigarette.  He puts an a around Lulu, starts to walk off...
4) 3) dialog: I told you, man, Super Bowl Sunday.
4) 5) dialog: (beat)
4) 8) dialog: You want, I tole you you can come. You all right, Foley.  I like you.
4) 11) dialog: You see what they doing, those posts out there?  Putting up another fence, five metres on the other side of the one that's there.  We wait until Super Bowl Sunday, they could have the second fence built and we have to dig another nine, ten days.  So we going soon as it's dark.  You want -- I mean it -- you can still come.
16) 0) text: As Karen grabs the court papers off the seat, opens her c door, glances at the fence and pauses as she sees A FIGUR crouching down. Karen turns on her headlights.  No, not crouched.  The gu <i>coming out of the ground</i>.  On <i>this</i> side of Head and shoulders appear and another guy comes out of th ground.  Right in front of her. Karen leans on the horn, holds it down and sees the two g the fence -- Chino and Lulu -- look into her headlights, there for a moment before taking off into the dark.  Kare out of the car...
48) 0) text: Adele's neighbourhood.  Near the beach.  Chino on the pho wears a painter's cap and a white jumpsuit...
48) 1) dialog: Oh, is this Adele?
48) 3) dialog: Uh-- sorry.  Wrong number. He hangs up, glances about, then checks the little .22 st one of his pockets.  As he then starts off down the stree can see the name "COLOR MY WORLD HOUSEPAINTING" on the ba the jumpsuit.
50) 43) dialog: I want to speak with you, please.
50) 74) text: Go in the bedroom and -- Suddenly, Chino's fist -- wrapped in his shirt -- explode through one of the glass panels.  Adele and Karen both ju Chino pushes his arm through, reaches for the door knob.. ...but Karen grabs the knob first and, using all of her w as leverage, pivots and flings the door open with Chino's still sticking through the glass... ...the force of which slingshots the man into the room wh bangs against a wall and falls to the floor.  Dazed, Chin reaches for his .22 as he now tries to get to his feet. Karen brings up her Beretta in two hands, cocks it and pu front sight on his chest.
50) 76) dialog: (frowning)
50) 79) dialog: Oh.  Then this must be Adele... He now aims the gun point-blank at Adele.
50) 81) dialog: You wouldn't shoot me, would you?
50) 83) dialog: (beat)
50) 87) dialog: Oh, is that right?  You going to shoot me?  Nice girl like you? (smiles)
50) 92) dialog: (hurting)
50) 94) dialog: (to Adele)
50) 97) dialog: Excuse me, Adele?
50) 99) dialog: You do the sawing of the box in half trick with you inside?
50) 102) dialog: Tell me, how do you do that? Adele looks at Karen, who shoves Chino's head to the floo her foot.