61) 6) dialog: The one gonna help us rip off the rich guy?
63) 0) text: Kenneth and White Boy Bob nod along to some rap tape in t front seat.  Glenn sits in the back, looking pale, huggin himself, shaking.  Maurice looks out the window...
63) 7) dialog: (smiles)
63) 8) text: Do what? Glenn says nothing, just looks at Kenneth.
65) 0) text: Glenn sits on a bench near the rear wall, facing the ring Kenneth grabs a magazine, walks into the john.  A shirtle White Boy Bob lifts weights while Maurice moves around th calling to the boxers inside.
72) 14) dialog: The State, huh.  Who's fighting? Karen walks into the living room, where Moselle sits on t lighting a cigarette.
72) 39) dialog: Did I ask you?  Go on out of here.  Do something with yourself. He waits until Moselle gets up, not saying a word, walks from them through the dining room.  Karen watches him com her now in kind of an easy strut.  She indicates the scar his eye...
72) 41) dialog: How you know that?
72) 43) dialog: I <i>was</i>... He moves his head in what might be a feint.
72) 44) dialog: Till I got my retina detached two time. He's standing so close to her, Karen has to look up at hi
72) 46) dialog: Light to super-middleweight, as my body developed.  You go about what, bantam?
72) 48) dialog: You know your divisions.  You like the fights?  Like the rough stuff?  Yeah, I bet you do. (moves closer)
72) 52) dialog: Don't matter.  I let the monster out, you gonna do what it wants.
72) 54) dialog: Bring your own rubbers with you? Her hand comes out of the bag holding what looks like the on a golf club.  Kenneth grins at her...
72) 58) dialog: We gonna tussle first. Karen flicks the baton and sixteen inches of chrome steel out of the grip.  She pulls an arm's length away from him chops the rigid shaft at his head, Kenneth hunching, duck away...
72) 59) dialog: God <i>damn</i>... He lets go of her and Karen gets the room she needs, so t when he comes at her, she whips the shaft across the side his head and he howls, stops dead, presses a hand over hi
72) 60) dialog: What's wrong with you?
89) 0) text: As Karen walks through the bar, pauses as she sees Glenn with White Boy and Kenneth.  She steps back into the shad Glenn glances anxiously about.
93) 0) text: Maurice sits with White Boy and Kenneth as Foley and Budd down the aisle to their table.
94) 0) text: It's snowing as Maurice, White Boy Bob, Kenneth, Buddy, a Foley pile into the back of a van, the name of some plumb and heating company on the side. We PULL BACK TO REVEAL that we're watching from inside Ka car.  She waits for the van to pull away, then follows.
95) 0) text: Kenneth -- the fucking maniac -- at the wheel.  Buddy and piled into the back of the van full of plastic pipe and equipment.  Maurice pulls on a pair of white coveralls.
96) 0) text: As Karen tries to keep up with the van.  But with the sno the way Kenneth drives, she starts to lose them.  She spe around a corner and loses control of the car.
98) 0) text: Buddy and Foley are jostled about the back from Kenneth's driving.
103) 3) dialog: Hey, shit, we're gonna have a party.
103) 20) dialog: What's you name, mama? He hooks a finger in the waist of her panties, pulls on t elastic, is about to look in there when Maurice backhands across the face.
105) 0) text: Full of fat, cushy chairs and a sofa, everything white or a wet bar, a big TV, CD player.  Buddy moves into the doo peers inside. Kenneth is trying to find a radio station while Maurice a White Boy Bob ransack the place.  White Boy Bob checks un the mattress...
105) 9) dialog: (looking them over)
111) 3) dialog: I think she like to tussle with me. Get boned a way she gonna remember. She looks to the doorway, where Buddy now starts to take into the room, when Maurice comes out of the closet...
114) 0) text: White Boy Bob comes in as Kenneth and Maurice are getting to blast the safe with the shotgun and pistol.
117) 0) text: As Maurice, Kenneth and White Boy Bob get ready to fire a
126) 0) text: As Foley steps into the doorway and we see Kenneth and th bare, both sitting up in bed, Kenneth racking the shotgun maid turning away from him, gathering the covers that han her side of the bed... ...and coming around to throw them like a net at Kenneth shotgun goes off and the covers catch fire as Foley pumps two three shots into Kenneth somewhere under there.
128) 0) text: As the maid jumps up and drags the burning covers from th and sees Kenneth now, the bullet holes in his chest, star blankly back at him.  She then looks at Foley.
138) 0) text: As Foley enters, goes straight to Kenneth's body, begins searching for the shotgun (lifting the covers, turning ov the body, etc) with no success...
142) 0) text: As Foley sticks his hand in Kenneth's coveralls, comes ou a shell, loads the gun, snaps it shut...
146) 0) text: As Foley steps into the hallway, his ski mask now pulled over his face.  He holds Kenneth's shotgun in one hand an pistol in another.