3) 0) text: As Foley takes his tray up the centre aisle, he scans the of white T-shirts until he sees the two little Latins sit at a table full of other little Latins.  CHINO -- fifties shape -- shovels macaroni in his mouth. Chino's "wife", LULU, nineteen, looks up from his own nea of macaroni and jello and watches Foley walk past and sit with a bunch of bikers. Foley watches as the guy across from Chino scrapes some m off his plate and on to Chino's and Chino wolfs that down
7) 13) text: Can't.  I gotta drive out to Glades, then I'm meeting Ray Nicolet at ten.
43) 6) dialog: You look great.  Your dad taking good care of you?
43) 8) dialog: I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Sisco.
43) 12) text: I see that. Ray turns to Karen, holding his jacket open to show the t force inscription on his T-shirt in red, the guy's .357 t into his waistband.
43) 14) dialog: No.  Course not.
43) 17) dialog: Great.  We got one of 'em. Karen looks at him.
43) 21) dialog: Yeah, someone spotted two of 'em in this hobo camp out by the airport, called the number--
43) 24) dialog: Foley?  Oh.  No, it was one of the Cubans.  Linares.
43) 26) dialog: We went out there, full SWAT, two choppers, the whole bit, but Linares started shooting anyway.  We put him down, but somehow Chirino got away.
43) 28) dialog: Yeah, as soon as we got back.
43) 30) dialog: This place was strictly Cuban.  If Foley had a ride he must have his own agenda. He seems to be the only one knows what he's doing. THE PHONE RINGS.  Marshall moves to it.
43) 60) dialog: I spoke to her.  The guy told her he missed his little girl and she felt sorry for him.
44) 1) dialog: The woman also said he stole her husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol, and some of his clothes.
45) 0) text: As Foley and Buddy watch a news report on the earlier eve the hobo camp.  We catch a glimpse of RAY NICOLET, GUN IN WAISTBAND, STICKING HIS CHEST OUT FOR THE CAMERA. Foley shakes his head as they show a shot of Lulu's body with a sheet.
144) 0) text: As Raymond Cruz and several green-and-whites arrive...