2) 167) text: Slow  TRACK past the face of an angelic seven-year-old boy, com mirror with steely concentration. Brian Slade, immaculate the comb and stares at his perfect reflection.
7) 145) text: The top of the curving staircase.  There, aglow in shimmering silver, Jack Fairy, the Sombre making his entrance. He nods regally and begins to descen equally studded entourage: Micki, a pretty boy with afro Angel, playful dyed red head with silver angel wings, and at the door. A quiet swirl of music accompanies.
7) 334) text: TRACE past faces we’ve seen before –  Jack Fairy’s old entourage: Angel, Micki, Freddi, and Som
7) 354) text: We pass Angel, press attaché ,  dressed in red. Her walls  are covered with glamour magazines from the thirties and on her desk is cherry red: phone, typewriter, telexes, et
7) 356) dialog: Slade...Brian  Slade...Well, darling only the biggest thing to hit rock
7) 424) dialog: Bravo, Jerry!
7) 428) dialog: Brando for  me.
7) 448) text: Brian and Mandy are walking into the  dark, narrow club, followed by Devine, Angel, Freddi and
7) 539) text: The princely Brian holds court on a  gold settee, supported by a den of beautiful Bisexuals. W Divine, Micki, Angel, Cooper, Freddi, Shannon, Trevor – a hostess. Everyone is dressed in cream and gold velvet, sa material. Some of the men are in breeches and white stock XIV permeates the room. Reporters, on the other hand, are black suits.
7) 551) text: A sudden fanfare and dimming of  lights reveals the projected backdrop of a stylized big t on Brian, who catches a whip and top hat thrown to him fr ZOOM OUT reveals Angel in the foreground, reading from a on a stand.
7) 553) dialog: (dressed quite like Columbia from Rocky Horror, she theat The Aesthete  Gives Characteristically Cynical  Evidence, Replete with Pointed Epigram and  Startling Paradox, while Explaining  His Views on Morality in Art.
7) 634) text: Two Glam Girls are leading Curt to a  corner couch, bringing us to Trevor and Harley, who stand shirtless. Angel is going down on Trevor while a Girl Gro Boy Groupie sits beside her watching as Trevor and Harley bodies, stone drunk.
7) 1104) text: HIGH ANGLE: Arthur walks across the  room to his desk. His apartment is a crooked, looming con as it is wide. Its few bunker-style windows are strangely