5) 0) text: A sun-dappled city park. Green grass. Trees. A little creek babbles nearby. Two kids, seven year-old fraternal twins, HENRY and GEORGIA argue about what to play: hide & seek or tag. Georgia gets her way: they'll play tag. We find Will, older now, a sadness behind his eyes. But sitting on the grass watching the children play, he can't help but smile.
5) 40) dialog: Tag! You're it! ...then bolting. Henry cries foul and gives chase. The tw kids run toward their father with abandon. Will smiles. Georgia reaches Will first, wrapping her arms around her father's leg... GEORGIA (cont'd) Base! Dad's base! I'm safe! ...and that's when we see that Will's right leg isn't mad of flesh and bone but rather metal and plastic -- a PROSTHESIS FROM THE KNEE DOWN. A scar he bears from that fateful night ten years ago. Henry arrives grabbing hold of Will's other leg.
5) 42) dialog: I'm already safe, you can't be safe too.
5) 44) dialog: That's stupid. (CONTINUED)
6) 0) text: A stunning three-bedroom apartment on the 98th floor with jaw-dropping views. Henry and Georgia are transfixed by t television playing the promotional video...
6) 4) dialog: He's talking to himself again.
7) 40) dialog: Me! Will rapidly points between them repeating his question, each time they shout out, "Me!" at the top of their lungs Finally, Will kisses each of them on the tops of their heads. Sarah watches the sweet moment, sighing...
7) 49) dialog: No.
7) 56) dialog: Are you gonna ask my dad for money? Off of Will's look we move to...
18) 32) dialog: Mom -- were those guys the police?
22) 0) text: Distraught, Sarah finishes leaving a voicemail for Will. The fire alarm blares. EMERGENCY LIGHTS flash brightly. A ALARM VOICE repeats itself in CHINESE. Henry and Georgia look scared. Sarah hangs up and ushers them to the couch.
22) 2) dialog: Mom -- what's going on? Are we gonna be okay?
26) 1) dialog: Daddy didn't call.
33) 0) text: Georgia submerges bathroom towels in the tub as Sarah kne in front of Henry holding an ASTHMA INHALER.
33) 6) dialog: Mom -- are we gonna die? The directness of the question stops Sarah short.
37) 0) text: Choked with smoke. Licks of flame are visible through the exterior windows, reaching up from below. It's only a matter of time before the fire claims this floor as well. The door to the apartment opens, revealing Sarah sporting wet hand towel tied around her nose and mouth like a cowb She's cut a hole through the sopping bath towel for her head, wearing it like a poncho. She steps into the hallway, holding hands with Henry and Georgia who are dressed just like her: wet towel mask and poncho, giving the kids the look of tiny ghost bank robbe
37) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
63) 0) text: Sarah and the kids kneel by the stream in the park. Georgia, still sporting a soiled Panda hoodie, re-wets th towels in the ersatz lake. Henry coughs from smoke inhalation -- an asthma attack taking hold.
63) 2) dialog: Why? There's water here. (CONTINUED)
64) 0) text: Lost and frightened, Georgia moves through the park. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: With its kitchen a concentric circle around the inner atrium, this fancy-ass restaurant offers up stunning 360В views of the Hong Kong skyline. The priciest meal in town What's more, the floor itself is comprised of GLASS PANEL offering up views of the park below. With the fire raging unchecked, the setting is lit with an unearthly orange gl We find Georgia standing in the middle of the space, breathing hard. Panic setting in. She hears a noise and spins to see the two GUNMEN rushing up from the stairs. Instinctively, Georgia ducks -- hiding a split second bef the men arrive on the scene. The Gunmen scan the restaurant. They know she's here. Gunman #1 motions to his partner, they split apart, stalk through the Michelin-rated finery.
67) 2) dialog: hiding under a table, is anything but convinced. She spot a STEAK KNIFE on the setting above her. She sneaks her fingers up to snag it -- her hand disappearing just as Gunman #2's eyes sweep that exact sp The Gunmen close in on her location, tossing over tables they go. Closer and closer to her hiding spot. Tension squeezes us like a vice as Gunman #2 stops in front of Georgia's table.
72) 0) text: Pierce holds Georgia at gunpoint. The young girl whimpers and shakes, tears rolling down her face, scared for her life. Flanked by Pierce's three remaining men, Will is on his knees, his hands zip-tied behind him. Will does his best to console his daughter... (CONTINUED)
72) 4) dialog: (shaking) I love you too, Daddy.
72) 12) dialog: Daddy! Will lunges to his feet, charging at Pierce. One of Pierc MEN cracks him on the skull, sending him to the floor. Will coughs and writhes, his eyes watering. Pierce shoves Georgia to one of his men, then he moves over to Will, kneeling down to cut his zip tied hands, smirking as he d
85) 3) dialog: Daddy! Pierce and his men turn to see Will pushing Zhao forward like a prisoner, his wrists duct taped together in front him. Pierce grabs Georgia roughly, yanking the girl to her fee his men fan out. Will and Zhao stop twenty feet from them
85) 44) dialog: Daddy! Will spins to see Pierce holding his daughter out on THE EXTENDED DECK. The same place Will stood when he first came up here. Nothing below their feet but a thin piece of glass and a three-thousand foot fall. Pierce holds a grenade in one hand and Georgia against hi body -- making a crack shot difficult. The tableau is a haunting mirror of the farmhouse standof that cost Will so dearly. Will is struck cold.
85) 48) dialog: Daddy, I wanna go home. Will kisses the top of her head and exhales.
87) 0) text: The entire observation deck blazes like a house on fire. Will places Georgia next to an injured and weak Zhao.
87) 4) dialog: No! Don't go!
87) 7) dialog: Me.
87) 9) dialog: Me. Will holds his daughter tight, protecting her to the last The flames rise around them, a funeral pyre a mile in the air. Suddenly there's a HISSING SOUND. From all sides, The Pearl's anti-fire measures kick in, dousing the observation deck with FLAME-SUPPRESSING FOAM CO2 GAS. Will can't believe it.
91) 9) dialog: Mom! Sarah drops to her knees to hug her daughter as Will watches, emotion overwhelming him -- his family safe. Will moves to them, kneeling down as the trio envelop him their arms. Overcome, tears begin to fall down Will's dir streaked face. We HOLD ON this familial embrace, RISING UP and then, as by miracle, it begins to snow. Tiny swirling flakes that won't survive impact -- but it is snowing all the same. From above we watch the snow fall as a tumult of PEOPLE a PARAMEDICS and POLICE eddy around the quartet. But Will, Sarah, Henry and Georgia remain solid, together a rock amidst a rushing stream. The moment is unmistakable: Will has finally saved the family he couldn't save those many years ago -- his own. FADE OUT.