4) 12) dialog: You're gonna be okay.
5) 1) dialog: She takes after you, you know. Will turns to see his beautiful wife, Sarah, the surgeon saved his life, enjoying the moment with him.
5) 3) dialog: Oh yeah. Stubborn. Too hard on herself. Cries during sports movies.
5) 6) dialog: Rudy.
5) 8) dialog: Field of Dreams.
5) 10) dialog: A League of Their Own.
5) 12) dialog: Benedryl.
5) 14) dialog: Me too because you'd make a really ugly woman. Like if we put a dress on you, the only thing missing would be neck-bolts.
5) 16) dialog: You are stubborn.
5) 18) dialog: Since always. Now say it.
5) 20) dialog: Then let me hear you say it. (CONTINUED)
5) 23) dialog: I'm being insistent. There's a difference. Besides, don't you want to make a good impression?
5) 25) dialog: I'm serious, Will. It'll go a long way with him -- it's a cultural thing. Just say it.
5) 27) dialog: That's great.
5) 29) dialog: Perfect. Perfectly done. The intonation, the enunciation. A+.
5) 31) dialog: One thing though.
5) 33) dialog: I taught you how to say: Hou hoi sam sik dou nei, "It's an honor to meet you." But you said, "Hou hoi sam sek dou nei."
5) 36) dialog: It's an honor to kiss you.
5) 38) dialog: Depends on what kind of meeting you wanna have.
5) 48) dialog: Tag you're it! Sarah takes off running, laughing. Will gives chase, his kids squealing with delight at their parents playing. Will catches Sarah, planting a big kiss on her before she tickles him and trips him to the ground, falling on top o him as both Henry and Georgia join in: a dog pile on dadd Will lets himself get pinned, laughing -- in heaven. It's then that we PULL BACK from this idyllic familial scene, past the grass and the trees and the babbling broo We continue pulling back, further and further still, unti we reveal something shocking. This park isn't in a city. And it's not in a small town. This entire THREE ACRE PARK exists on the 100TH FLOOR OF TALLEST BUILDING IN THE WORLD. A newly completed, three-thousand foot tall work of stunn architecture called THE PEARL rises gracefully from shoreline of VICTORIA HARBOR, dwarfing the surrounding skyline. We're in... Hong Kong Then a SOOTHING VOICE...
6) 2) dialog: TV goes off, shoes on. It's Panda Time! Excited, Georgia zips up her PANDA HOODIE, pulling the co over her head, turning her into a mini-Panda bear. SARAH (cont'd) Nice, Georgia. Subtle. (beat) Where's your dad?
7) 4) dialog: Everything okay in here?
7) 6) dialog: Sure you were, big guy. Sarah fixes Will's outfit, drying him off, fussing over h SARAH (cont'd) Hey -- you think it's weird that we're the only ones on this floor?
7) 8) dialog: No, I mean why not put us up in the hotel in the bottom half? Why give us an entire ghost town floor to ourselves?
7) 10) dialog: You think a billionaire, real estate tycoon is trying to impress us? (CONTINUED)
7) 14) dialog: I think you drive a Kia. So, yeah.
7) 16) dialog: Have you met me? Will smiles, grabs his jacket, closes his LAPTOP and puts in his SHOULDER BAG. SARAH (cont'd) Horace is coming to get you?
7) 18) dialog: Can I just say one thing?
7) 20) dialog: Don't give him any money.
7) 22) dialog: How do you know?
7) 24) dialog: And how much of that does he double down with? Will frowns. Moves toward the front door, Sarah follows. (CONTINUED)
7) 28) dialog: Not anymore -- you helped him.
7) 30) dialog: You have a soft spot for him. That's all I'm saying. DING-DONG. Doorbell. They look at each other -- time's up SARAH (cont'd) You're a big dummy. You know that?
7) 32) dialog: I'm a sucker for handsome. Sue me.
7) 34) dialog: Love you too, neck-bolts. Will laughs. They kiss. The kids go, "Ewww". Will looks at his twins...
7) 41) dialog: I gotta get a chant. Will winks at her, then moves to the door, opening it to reveal Horace his second-in-command from his HRT days and the only other member of the team to survive the blast. Nearly Will's size, with some telltale BURN SCARS on his cheek and neck, Horace offers up a big smile.
7) 45) dialog: Nice to see you, Horace. Sarah gives Horace a polite hug just as Henry and Georgia arrive. Horace can't believe it.
7) 53) dialog: What do you guys say?
18) 8) dialog: We didn't really get to see them -- Henry ate some weird candy and started throwing up, so we came back.
18) 12) dialog: No, his breathing is fine. No fever or anything, he just needs to lie down.
18) 14) dialog: Don't rush -- we're cool. Just, you know, no pandas. Which sucks. Henry chimes in... (CONTINUED)
18) 18) dialog: Don't say "sucks", honey.
18) 20) dialog: Love you. Sarah hangs up, unlocking the door to their apartment whe suddenly out of an adjacent APARTMENT DOOR, SIX SECURITY GUARDS appear, carrying HEAVY BLACK DUFFLE BAGS, two of t wheeling a HANDCART with a CONTAINER on it. They stop sho at the sight of Sarah and her kids. The LEAD SECURITY GUARD, sporting a Samurai topknot hairc smiles kindly...
18) 22) dialog: Yeah -- me too. The kids stare at the men. It's a strangely charged momen Sarah notices a faded word stenciled on the container: TMlapalmlwot Sarah doesn't know what it means but her Spidey-sense sta tingling. Something about these guys isn't right. SARAH (cont'd) Everything okay?
18) 24) dialog: Takes six guys to check an empty floor, huh? The Lead Security Guard smiles tightly. (CONTINUED)
18) 28) dialog: I'll say.
18) 33) dialog: No, honey. They're not the police. Her mind ticking, Sarah hovers her thumb over Will's numb about to call him back. Then she thinks better of it and pockets her phone, opening the door and ushering her kids inside. A beat later and we hear her throw the deadbolt.
22) 0) text: Distraught, Sarah finishes leaving a voicemail for Will. The fire alarm blares. EMERGENCY LIGHTS flash brightly. A ALARM VOICE repeats itself in CHINESE. Henry and Georgia look scared. Sarah hangs up and ushers them to the couch.
22) 1) dialog: Get on the couch.
22) 3) dialog: We're going to be fine. There's a fire in the building, but we're safe here -- everything's going to be okay. I'm going to go talk to the firemen. Sarah moves into the bathroom and turns on the cold water the bathtub, pulling the stopper shut to fill it. She gra a towel, rolling it into a tube. Exiting the bathroom, she kneels down in front of her kid SARAH (cont'd) Look at me: stay on this couch and do not move until I comeback. Understand? Henry and Georgia nod. Sarah hands Georgia her phone. SARAH (cont'd) If daddy calls, tell him we're okay and that I'll be right back. (beat) I love you both very much. (CONTINUED)
23) 0) text: Sarah wedges the rolled up towel against the foot of the door. Then she goes to the elevators and sees that the display above the door shows a red FIRE LOGO with an X ov it. Elevators have been automatically disabled. Sarah finds the FIRE EXIT door and pushes through it.
24) 0) text: Sarah moves down from the 98th floor -- instantly feeling WALL OF HEAT rushing at her. She pushes on, down one flig and nearly to the next landing when -- KA-BOOM! The door to the 96th floor ROCKETS OFF ITS HINGES, slammi into the wall opposite, crumpling like tinfoil. Hungry fo fresh oxygen, the flames from the raging fire snake throu the new opening into the stairwell. Sarah scrambles backward -- turning to run back up the wa she came. There's no way down.
26) 0) text: Sarah pushes through the door, coughing. Henry and Georgi rush to her. She kneels down and hugs her cubs tightly.
26) 2) dialog: That's okay. Gimme the phone. Let's try him together. Sarah dials Will one final time... 48.
28) 0) text: Will rides wordlessly with the assault team. Suddenly a BUZZING. Will glances at his laptop bag -- he can see his phone in the mesh webbing of one of its outer pockets. It's Sarah's face. She's calling him. It's nothing short of torture for Will as he's feet away but can do nothing.
33) 0) text: Georgia submerges bathroom towels in the tub as Sarah kne in front of Henry holding an ASTHMA INHALER.
33) 2) dialog: You're fine now, honey, but we're about to go out there and there's a lot of smoke and bad air and I don't want you to have an attack, okay? (to Georgia) Dunk them all the way, make sure the whole thing gets wet. The hand towels too. Georgia does as she's told. Sarah looks back to her son.. SARAH (cont'd) Two quick inhales, please? Henry obliges. SARAH (cont'd) Good job. Thank you. (pocketing it) I'll have it right here with me if you need it, okay? (CONTINUED)
33) 7) dialog: No honey, we're not gonna die.
33) 9) dialog: He's not here.
33) 11) dialog: There's nothing in this world that would stop your father from keeping you both safe.
33) 13) dialog: And me too. Sarah opens her toiletry kit and takes out a pair of CHRO SHEARING SCISSORS. SARAH (cont'd) Hand me those towels.
37) 0) text: Choked with smoke. Licks of flame are visible through the exterior windows, reaching up from below. It's only a matter of time before the fire claims this floor as well. The door to the apartment opens, revealing Sarah sporting wet hand towel tied around her nose and mouth like a cowb She's cut a hole through the sopping bath towel for her head, wearing it like a poncho. She steps into the hallway, holding hands with Henry and Georgia who are dressed just like her: wet towel mask and poncho, giving the kids the look of tiny ghost bank robbe
37) 2) dialog: Up. 56.
53) 9) text: Pierce turns to Zhao and pulls the trigger just as Dov tackles his boss out of the way, catching a round. The BAY DOORS on the helicopter are thrown open revealing FIVE MEN in BLACK TACTICAL GEAR -- the very same suspicio men we last saw on Sarah's floor, including the guy with Samurai topknot, now called FENG. Instantly, it's a fire-fight. Pierce and his five men wit sub-machine guns versus Dov and his three men with handgu Caught in the crossfire, the suits are quickly dropped by the assailants as Dov and his squad take cover. Hunkered down with Zhao behind a METAL TOOL CHEST, Dov po up and clips a bad guy, causing him to fall off of the HELIPAD PLANK, screaming as he heads all the way down. Dov drops down, slapping in a fresh magazine. DOV (cont'd) When I tell you, run for the elevator. Zhao nods. Dov pops up and jerks his aim toward
63) 0) text: Sarah and the kids kneel by the stream in the park. Georgia, still sporting a soiled Panda hoodie, re-wets th towels in the ersatz lake. Henry coughs from smoke inhalation -- an asthma attack taking hold.
63) 1) dialog: It's okay, baby. Just slow down. Slow down and breathe. In for three, out for three. Sarah gives him two hits from the inhaler and helps Henry calm his breathing, trying to get his attack under contro The MUFFLED ROAR of the unchecked blaze GROWLS from below leviathan rising. Sarah's worried. SARAH (cont'd) Okay, we gotta go.
63) 5) dialog: It's not safe.
63) 7) dialog: Run! Sarah hustles her kids through the park as from all angle the fire begins to claw its way into the floor. Fire breaks through the seams in the sod -- ZIG-ZAGGING through the grass like snakes, chasing Sarah and the kids They rush for a STAIRWELL DOOR just as it EXPLODES LIKE A PIPE BOMB. They duck as the door WHIZZES overhead shearin through a METAL LAMPPOST behind them. Sarah grabs her kids and yanks them in the other directio pushing them toward their only escape: THE INNER ATRIUM. Henry struggles. Sarah picks him up, carrying her son, as the trio rush across
63) 14) dialog: I don't know, honey. (calling out) Who are you?
63) 16) dialog: I want to see your ID.
63) 18) dialog: You work for the building -- ID. Feng's jaw tightens.
63) 22) dialog: It's okay -- it's okay, guys. Just do what he says. Surreptitiously, Sarah slides her hands into her front pant's pocket, pulling out the pair of CHROME SCISSORS.
63) 24) dialog: Run! Henry and Georgia take off running back across the sky bridge, as Sarah dives for Feng's H&K, snatching it up an turning back just in time to take a boot to the mouth. Sarah goes sprawling as Feng rises, yanking the scissors from his leg and tossing them aside. He picks up his pist but tucks it away and pulls out a TACTICAL KNIFE, spinnin it menacingly -- he's gonna do this old school. Sarah gets to her feet, unarmed and out-muscled. Easy prey in front of him, Feng attacks. But Sarah is mor than he bargained for as she side-steps his swing, blocki his knife arm expertly before kicking his knee out. Feng goes down hard, howling. Sarah turns and takes off running back across the sky bridge.
63) 34) dialog: I'm fine -- how did you get here?
63) 36) dialog: They're back in the park. Will nods breaking into action -- he dislodges his ax and goes to snag Feng's gun when... (CONTINUED)
63) 42) dialog: Where's Georgia?
63) 45) dialog: Will -- what the hell is going on? Who are they?
65) 0) text: Sarah and Henry are in the car, Will stands outside it.
65) 1) dialog: I'm not doing this--
65) 3) dialog: will-- (CONTINUED)
65) 7) dialog: I'm not leaving you --
65) 9) dialog: What about Georgia?
65) 11) dialog: I love you.
66) 2) dialog: -Two...ONE! (CONTINUED)
73) 0) text: Being tended to by an EMT, Henry breaths through an oxyge mask as nearby Sarah sketches something for Chan.
73) 1) dialog: It looked like this... Sarah flips around a clipboard to reveal a crude facsimil of the Black Lotus Triad tattoo. Chan and Han share a knowing look.
73) 3) dialog: Six. (CONTINUED)
73) 7) dialog: No.
73) 9) dialog: I don't claim that -- I'm telling you that. He's not involved. Lieutenant Han pulls his boss away for an aside, speaking Cantonese.
73) 11) dialog: That's not their only means of escape.
73) 13) dialog: They're gonna jump.
73) 15) dialog: They're gonna jump off the top. When I saw them that first time, they had containers with them marked in Russian. (CONTINUED)
73) 20) dialog: The Pearl is here. (beat) A base jump from a thousand meters up gives you about triple that in lateral descent distance -- call ita mile to be safe, two pen lengths.
73) 22) dialog: I Googled it. The Captain shoots his Lieutenant a look: she got you the Sarah measures out two pen lengths from the X in all four directions, then connects the points with a crude circle. SARAH (cont'd) That's your search area. If they land, they'll land within that circle -- and if they have friends, they'll be waiting to pick them up at the landing zone. Someplace flat and open. (CONTINUED)
73) 26) dialog: There. What's that -- on the other side of the harbor? The Kowloon side. to a BROWN RECTANGLE in the water.
73) 28) dialog: You think I'd willingly trap my own children in a burning building?
73) 30) dialog: Captain, I know you wanna get this right and the last thing you want to do is to point your gun at the wrong guy. (beat) Take me out to the sand barge. If it's empty and I'm wrong, what have you lost? But if I'm right, it might be your only chance to catch the men responsible for this whole thing. (CONTINUED)
74) 1) dialog: Captain, does that look like someone with a plan to you? Chan glances at Sarah -- his wheels turning.
86) 10) dialog: Hey. Xia looks back just in time to catch the heel of Sarah's boot on the point of her chin -- CRACK! The crisp violenc of the kick knocks Xia out cold. The lady killer slumps like a rag-doll onto the steering wheel -- the horn blares. A beat later, Chan throws open the passenger door to see result. He looks back at Sarah sitting there. She puts he hands up innocently...
86) 11) dialog: I never left the car. Chan exhales, relieved. That's when Sarah spots something slipping out of Xia's bag... SARAH (cont'd) That's Will's laptop. Chan and Sarah share a look. She grabs it, opening it up. (CONTINUED)
86) 15) dialog: Trying to get The Pearl's fire system back online. Sarah noses through the building control app, trying to g a sense of things.
86) 17) dialog: Not remotely.
86) 19) dialog: Terrible. But the control program is still open and it seems pretty straightforward...
86) 21) dialog: Captain, my husband and daughter are in that building and it's on fire right now. I'm not waiting another god damn second. So you can either arrest me or -- DING! The computer chimes. Sarah spins it to face Chan, showing The Pearl ENTIRELY GREEN from top to bottom with flashing indicator: SYSTEMS ONLINE. SARAH (cont'd) -- you can say thank you. Sarah smiles, Captain Chan shakes his head at her moxie.
91) 8) dialog: pushing through the throng, rushing toward them...