17) 0) text: SIX WORKERS man a CONTROL STATION at this secure off-site facility. Only today it's not so secure. The door opens. The workers turn to see XIA (pronounced "Shi-ya") standing in the doorway holding the access card A slip of a woman with a pixie cut and a pretty smile, Xi flashes it just before she pulls out two silenced 9mms an rips off SIX SHOTS, dispatching each worker in turn. (CONTINUED)
17) 4) dialog: You'll have what you need, just make sure I get what I need. The Tough Guy's cellphone rings. He answers. His face goe sour. He hangs up. Shakes his head. Xia nods. XIA (cont'd) Time for Plan B.
35) 3) dialog: Do it. ON SCREEN we see full access granted. The Techie expertly engages all of the anti-fire measures from the 95th down, cascade of GREEN COLORED FLOORS all the way to the bottom Then he deactivates all of the anti-fire measures from th 96th to the top -- all of those floors BLINK RED. With a swipe on the touchscreen, the FIRE DOORS from the 97th on up slide open, feeding the fire with fresh air.
35) 7) dialog: Lock it in. Some fancy keystrokes add an encryption code to the chang in the building, effectively making them permanent.
35) 9) dialog: How long will it take them to crack your encryption and regain control?
35) 13) dialog: Not that smart. THWIP! One silenced 9mm round to the forehead drops the Techie. She tucks her gun away and slides Will's LAPTOP into her messenger bag for safe keeping, pulling out a GLOSSY BLACK BRICK with a BLINKING RED LIGHT in exchange. The phone in the control room starts RINGING madly. She ignores it, placing the black brick on the doorjamb with magnetic CHUNK. She activates it and exits.
36) 0) text: Xia moves away from the facility toward the front gate. S touches her ear, speaking to someone unseen...
36) 1) dialog: Heading to on-site. The Tough Guy looks over from the GUARD SHACK...
36) 3) dialog: Yep. THWIP-THWIP! Two shots in the ten-ring. He's dead before he hits the ground. She doesn't so much as break stride.
40) 1) text: perched at the very top of an ADJACENT 90-STORY BUILDING still under construction. We hold a beat longer than we might as suddenly XIA STEPS INTO FRAME. She must've spotted Will. She moves after him
41) 4) dialog: Shots fired. Shots fired. Officer down. Request immediate back-up. Suspect Will Ford has entered the Scion Capitol building. Armed & dangerous. She presses the barrel of her SILENCED 9MM against the unconscious officer's chest, and pulls the trigger -- THW The officer's body jerks from the impact. Xia picks up th brass cartridge, blowing on it like a lucky penny. 61.
59) 0) text: Xia sitting at a street cafe a block from The Pearl touch her ear. [INTERCUT AS NECESSARY]
59) 1) dialog: Standby. She opens Will's laptop, logging into The Pearl's control systems. She selects the penthouse but can't affect it -- she's locked out of its controls. Not good. XIA (cont'd) The penthouse isn't linked to the building's control system. He's got his own subsystem for his floor. I can't drive it -- I'm locked out. Pierce fumes, then doubles down.
82) 0) text: Opulent, dark. The den of a powerful man. Zhao sits oppos Jun. Xia sprawls on a nearby chaise as Feng looms in view Behind Jun, the most striking feature: a wall comprised o GLASS TERRARIUMS, each containing a solitary SNAKE.
86) 0) text: The sand barge is little more than a dirt square, made fr the dredge of the surrounding bay, dotted with RUSTED OUT CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT. A forgotten place. Surrounded by three black SUVS and a dozen ARMED MEN, Wu- Jun glasses the top of The Pearl with binoculars. Xia strides up.
86) 1) dialog: He's not answering. (beat) He should've been here already. Wu-Sai Jun doesn't like it. His gangster's intuition ringing alarm bells in his mind.
86) 8) dialog: slinks through the junkyard, looking for an escape. She spots CAPTAIN CHAN'S CAR unmanned and idling thirty meter away, apart from the round-up taking place by the SUVs. This is her shot -- she hurries