11) 16) dialog: Mr. Ford. The moment interrupted, Will and Horace turn to see ZHAO (30s), a Chinese Elon Musk and the dashing visionary behi The Pearl, come gliding down a staircase toward them flan by a handful of SUITS and a discrete PRIVATE SECURITY DET
11) 17) dialog: It's a pleasure to meet you. Zhao speaks nearly perfect English, a hallmark of his Oxf education. says... They shake hands. Will glances at Horace then
11) 21) dialog: I'm kidding. Will exhales.
11) 23) dialog: Sarah, right?
11) 25) dialog: And your children, Henry and Georgia -- twins?
11) 27) dialog: I've got a good team around me. But I wasn't aware that your wife speaks Cantonese. I thought she was a Naval surgeon.
11) 29) dialog: What happened?
11) 33) dialog: Mr. Ford, allow me to introduce Mr. Pierce from the Hawthorne/Stone Insurance Group, the company lucky enough to underwrite The Pearl. Mr. Pierce smiles thinly, extending his hand.
11) 36) dialog: Mr. Singh is ill.
11) 38) dialog: At any rate, I hope your family is enjoying their stay in Hong Kong.
11) 40) dialog: Sorry if I went a little overboard -- I guess I was trying to impress you. (beat) Shall we begin? Zhao motions and the group moves off.
12) 0) text: Zhao stands in front of a WALL-SIZED TOUCH SCREEN which displays a 3D rendering of The Pearl. Zhao rotates and resizes the display as he speaks. Will sits with his laptop open, Horace next to him. Opposite them, the THREE SUITS and Mr. Pierce.
12) 1) dialog: ...with our cutting edge solar arrays and proprietary wind-harnessing technology, The Pearl has a negative environmental footprint -- even at full occupancy, we'll actually give power back to the city. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
12) 5) dialog: Yes, of course. Unsure of the politics of how to respond, Will goes with.
12) 7) dialog: Neat?
12) 13) dialog: I know why you're here, Mr. Ford. And I know it's not your place to comment -- which is precisely why I'm asking you to. Please, your honest opinion.
12) 15) dialog: Humor me. Will glances at Mr. Pierce who gives him a stiff "go ahea nod. Will clears his throat.
12) 17) dialog: But...?
12) 19) dialog: And why is that? (CONTINUED)
12) 23) dialog: Wonderful. Now I know I can trust you. Zhao pulls out a TRANSLUCENT FLASH DRIVE. ZHAO (cont'd) This drive contains the machine codes for The Pearl's fire and safety control measures -- a master key, if you will, to the entire building. They're linked to your laptop alone and, once installed, will only be accessible for a twenty-four hour window before self-deleting. I trust that will be enough time for you to thoroughly vet our security and submit your final analysis for Mr. Pierce's approval? (CONTINUED)
12) 27) dialog: Come on, if we hurry there's still time.
12) 29) dialog: For you to get it. Zhao smiles. Will looks a little confused.
13) 2) text: encases the upper most echelon of The Pearl -- an observation deck fashioned entirely out of laser-cut crystalline glass whose triangular facets fit so perfectl one into the next, that they almost disappear entirely. What's more, the footprint of the glass deck itself exten beyond the profile of the building's rooftop allowing for the stout-hearted to walk out beyond the roof and look straight down to the ground, nearly a mile below. It's nothing short of breath-taking. We find Zhao and Will up here alone. Will takes in the sight dumb-founded. Zhao stares across the Victoria Harbo
13) 3) dialog: I grew up over there, across the water on the Kowloon side. My father sold fish. His father sold fish and his father before him. So I grew up selling fish. Every morning up before the sun. Bone tired in the boat as it went down. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
13) 7) dialog: Because you and I aren't so different from each other, Mr. Ford. We're both men from humble beginnings who shaped the world around us, not the other way around.
13) 9) dialog: TouchГ©. Zhao checks his watch then glances at the sun, doing a calculation in his head. ZHAO (cont'd) Walk out there and turn around. Unsure but curious, Will walks out onto the EXTENDED DECK the section. He turns back to face Zhao. ZHAO (cont'd) Once we open The Pearl, the place you're standing on right now will become the newest wonder of the modern world. A testament to what we can do. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
13) 13) dialog: Welcome to heaven, Mr. Ford.
31) 0) text: Standing in front of his wall-sized touch screen, Zhao watches his building burn on the local news. If this worries him, it doesn't show. The three suits sitting at the table, however, are starti to sweat. One of them whispers to Mr. Pierce...
31) 3) dialog: Evacuate?
31) 5) dialog: And why would we do that?
31) 7) dialog: The building isn't on fire. The 96th floor is on fire. Mr. Pierce nearly scoffs -- he looks at the suits to back him up. They look away. (CONTINUED)
31) 11) dialog: Get me answers. Dov nods and exits. Puzzled, Zhao turns his attention bac to the image of Will on his screen.
38) 0) text: Zhao stares at his giant WALL MONITOR: every floor above 95th is BLINKING RED, the anti-fire measures all read as OFF-LINE. Clearly, something is rotten in Denmark. The suits are agitated. One sips a bottle of water, his hand shaking as he does. Mr. Pierce paces, nervous.
38) 2) dialog: Yes and the sprinkler systems on the 96th floor engaged as designed.
38) 4) dialog: Because the water caused the fire.
38) 6) dialog: It's the only conclusion. And there's only one way water itself can cause a fire: through an exothermic chemical reaction. Which means this wasn't an accident -- it was arson. Dov, Zhao's body man, returns...
38) 8) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
38) 12) dialog: How long to get control of the building back?
38) 14) dialog: What was their estimate?
38) 17) dialog: Matches burn from the top down.
38) 19) dialog: You're missing my point. With the fire doors open above the fire and closed below them, this building isn't burning like a match -- it's burning like a kiln. It's super- heating.
38) 21) dialog: No -- The Pearl could burn to cinders and never collapse. Collapse isn't the issue.
38) 25) dialog: The real issue is that the building doesn't know it's on fire. And if it doesn't know it's on fire, it can't act to preserve itself. Which means the fire will grow hotter and hotter and spread faster and faster until it has nothing left to feed on. Until it eats itself to death. Until it consumes us whole.
38) 27) dialog: You know what's interesting about you, Mr. Pierce?
38) 29) dialog: Nothing. Dov chimes in, speaking softly...
38) 31) dialog: Alert the authorities that we'll be departing. With that, Zhao exits.
39) 0) text: Zhao moves through his lavish bedroom and into his WALK-I CLOSET. Passing racks of $5,000 suits, he stops at the ba wall -- a PANE OF GLASS looks out onto the skyline below. (CONTINUED)
45) 0) text: In the boardroom, Zhao and the others watch in astonishme
45) 2) dialog: Apparently, whatever it takes. Dov enters and gives Zhao a look. ZHAO (cont'd) If you'll excuse me, please. Zhao exits as Mr. Pierce and the suits watch the news unfold.
46) 0) text: Dov and Zhao step out of the boardroom, settling in. (CONTINUED)
46) 4) dialog: Excellent. But Dov's face betrays him -- he's not saying something. ZHAO (cont'd) Is that it?
46) 6) dialog: What's on your mind, Dov?
46) 8) dialog: I can't say for sure.
46) 10) dialog: Wu-Sai Jun.
46) 12) dialog: Black Lotus.
46) 16) dialog: They don't want me dead -- they want this. Zhao pulls out the RED MEMORY CARD. Just then...
47) 0) text: Flanked by Dov and his security detail, Zhao, Mr. Pierce, the suits approach the grand DOUBLE DOORS to his penthous Zhao places a palm on a wall-mounted HAND-SCANNER. The titanium double doors swing open. They exit.
48) 0) text: Zhao and the posse move away from the penthouse's double step on to a PRIVATE ELEVATOR. The doors close. It goes u
50) 0) text: Zhao's LUXURY HELICOPTER sits inside this two-story, glas walled, hangar in the sky. Then the GLASS WALLS slide apart like as the ENTIRE SECTI of glossy showroom floor that the helicopter rests on extends into the night sky like a plank on a pirate ship. (CONTINUED)
53) 0) text: The helicopter's rotors at speed, the pilot signals for Z and the others to approach. Zhao moves forward but Dov stops him short -- something isn't right. (CONTINUED)
53) 4) dialog: What is it?
53) 9) text: Pierce turns to Zhao and pulls the trigger just as Dov tackles his boss out of the way, catching a round. The BAY DOORS on the helicopter are thrown open revealing FIVE MEN in BLACK TACTICAL GEAR -- the very same suspicio men we last saw on Sarah's floor, including the guy with Samurai topknot, now called FENG. Instantly, it's a fire-fight. Pierce and his five men wit sub-machine guns versus Dov and his three men with handgu Caught in the crossfire, the suits are quickly dropped by the assailants as Dov and his squad take cover. Hunkered down with Zhao behind a METAL TOOL CHEST, Dov po up and clips a bad guy, causing him to fall off of the HELIPAD PLANK, screaming as he heads all the way down. Dov drops down, slapping in a fresh magazine. DOV (cont'd) When I tell you, run for the elevator. Zhao nods. Dov pops up and jerks his aim toward
56) 0) text: Pierce spots Zhao disappearing in his private elevator. H shouts at his men as he hurries toward the STAIRWELL DOOR slamming through it, racing to cut off Zhao's escape.
57) 0) text: The elevator opens and Zhao bolts for his penthouse doors slapping his hand on the palm reader. Click -- the heavy doors open just as Pierce barrels thro the adjacent stairwell door, gun blazing -- BANG-BANG-BAN (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Zhao's penthouse is thrown into darkness. Emergency light CHUNK ON. He pulls out his cellphone: no signal.
77) 0) text: The panel by Zhao's bed blinks: FIRE-FIRE-FIRE. Zhao pull open his nightstand drawer snatches up a PALM-SIZED BERET NANO -- an executive's gun meant to be concealed. Zhao exits.
78) 0) text: Zhao rounds the corner to see the front doors to his penthouse wide open. He moves to the nearest control pane and tries to shut the doors, but the programming won't al it -- the fire alarm overrides his controls. Thinking fast, Zhao pulls his smartphone out of his pocke snags a nearby USB cable and plugs his phone directly int the panel itself. He starts thumbing away like mad.
80) 0) text: At the control panel for the doors, Zhao has used his smartphone to hack bypass the fire alarm function and he instructs the doors to reset. Zhao jabs the "SECURE DOORS" button the panel and watches the titanium Goliaths lurch toward each other. Zhao takes cover behind a LOW CABINET, checking his mini- Beretta, ready to plug anyone who comes through the door. 99.
81) 1) dialog: Don't move. Will looks up to see Zhao pointing his tiny Beretta a foo from Will's nose. Will's shoulders slump at his luck. (CONTINUED)
81) 5) dialog: What?
82) 0) text: Opulent, dark. The den of a powerful man. Zhao sits oppos Jun. Xia sprawls on a nearby chaise as Feng looms in view Behind Jun, the most striking feature: a wall comprised o GLASS TERRARIUMS, each containing a solitary SNAKE.
82) 4) dialog: Forgive me, but I don't see how extortion glorifies China.
82) 6) dialog: And if I refuse? Wu-Sai Jun smiles. This man might take more convincing. H rises from this seat moving toward the back wall of snake
82) 10) dialog: Give me the account number. Jun nods to Xia. She slides over a piece of paper with a lengthy number on it. Zhao takes it and enters the info into his phone. By the looks of things, he's transferring $50 million from his account into a different one. He hits transfer. His phone chimes: complete. ZHAO (cont'd) Are we done? Jun gives us a reptilian smile.
83) 0) text: Zhao sits on a couch as Will looms above him.
83) 1) dialog: If I didn't, they would've crippled my labor force and cost me triple that amount in construction delays. (CONTINUED)
83) 5) dialog: I didn't cave. I could never let The Pearl become corrupted by the likes of Wu-Sai Jun. (beat) As soon as he accepted my payment, he chopped it up, dispersing it to all of his other off-shore accounts in smaller increments.
83) 7) dialog: Essentially, yes. But what he didn't know is that I hid a Trojan Horse in my wire transfer -- a digital dye pack that infected every account any portion of my payment touched, feeding the routing and account information back to me. Zhao holds up the RED MEMORY CARD. ZHAO (cont'd) This card contains the account information for every single dollar Wu-Sai Jun and the Black Lotus Triads have. Over half a billion dollars in illicit monies in thirty-six separate holding banks around the globe. (beat) I hand this over to the Chinese government and they can freeze all of his assets -- destroying his entire operation and sending him to prison for the rest of his life. (beat) This card IS their operation. And they'll stop at nothing to get it back.
83) 9) dialog: Indeed. (CONTINUED)
83) 13) dialog: If I did that, Wu-Sai Jun would have no reason not to kill me. I'd be signing my own death warrant. (beat) As long as I hold onto this, we have detente. They had to leave me alone and let me build The Pearl without interference.
83) 15) dialog: I did, of course. But this is the original. With it, they can reverse engineer my Trojan Horse payment and scrub their accounts clean again -- no digital dye, no way for the authorities to trace the money and find their secret accounts. If they get their hands on this, all of my other copies would be worthless. (beat) Besides, their plan isn't to let me live. Their plan is to get their hands on this and the moment they do, I'm a dead man. Will paces, putting it all together now... Will stands.
83) 17) dialog: No one could get it out of my safe except for me. They just needed to give me a good reason. ZHAO (cont'd) Where are you going? (CONTINUED)
83) 18) text: Zhao Will wall. Zhao 105. (3)
83) 20) dialog: Didn't you hear me? As soon as they have it, they'll kill me. They'll kill us both.
83) 22) dialog: I'm not eager to die.
83) 24) dialog: What's your plan? glances at the ceremonial CHINESE SWORD mounted on the He turns back to Zhao.
85) 12) dialog: I can't let you do it. Will blanches. Zhao has double crossed him. Pierce and hi men lift their weapons as Zhao snatches the memory card o of Will's hand and steps behind him for cover.
85) 14) dialog: The plan's changed. (to Pierce) I want a parachute. Pierce grabs Georgia, jamming his gun against her cheek. ZHAO (cont'd) I don't care about the girl -- a parachute or your boss gets nothing. Will's jaw sets -- the tension high. Pierce calculates th angles, then turns to his BALD GOON.
85) 18) dialog: Bring it here. The Bald Goon checks with Pierce who nods: do it. Baldy moves closer, too close now. ZHAO (cont'd) Stop. Drop it there. The Goon does as he's bid. (CONTINUED)
85) 26) dialog: trading shots with Pierce. Zhao ducks back down, reloadin Pierce pulls a GRENADE and tosses it at Zhao. The grenade lands perfectly. Zhao sees it and dives from cover as it explodes, exposing him to Pierce's gun-sites. Pierce unloads, clipping Zhao in the leg as the magnate scrambles for safety.
85) 33) dialog: How do you think I got to be one? Clearly, Zhao's "double-cross" was part of the plan. Will holds up the memory card...
85) 35) dialog: Great. Now let's get your daugh--
85) 38) dialog: Find her. (CONTINUED)
87) 0) text: The entire observation deck blazes like a house on fire. Will places Georgia next to an injured and weak Zhao.
91) 1) dialog: moving away from The Pearl's MAIN ENTRANCE DOOR. Will carries Georgia in one arm and supports Zhao with the oth The trio collapse. Will calls out to the gawking crowd...