49) 7) dialog: Bet you loved that, Potter! Saved Weasley’s neck, didn’t you? The Gryffindors ignore him.
49) 8) dialog: I've never seen a worse Keeper! Maybe we should add some more verses to our little song. About his filthy mother! George tries to leap at Draco. Harry and Fred hold him ba
49) 9) dialog: And his pathetic loser of a father too! Fred attempts to charge Draco too. Other Gryffindors are restraining them now. 78.
49) 10) dialog: But then, you like the Weasleys, don’t you? How can you stand the stink? I guess it reminds you of your own dear mother! Harry turns and runs full out at Draco, who looks startle Harry leaps at him, CRUSHING his fist into Draco’s jaw an knocking him to the ground. George breaks free of the Gryffindors and follows, hittin Malfoy too. Harry leaps onto Draco, hitting him again and again.
87) 1) dialog: Got you, Potter. (pause) Over here, Professor! I've got one! 120. Umbridge hurries over.
90) 60) dialog: Well, sir, remember when Montegue vanished over Christmas? She says he’s turned up in a toilet on the fourth floor.
90) 62) dialog: He’s pretty confused, but I think he said something about the Vanishing Closet. Snape stands irritably.
108) 0) text: Fred and George run full out down this hallway. Draco and Inquisitional Squad comes around the corner ahead. Fred a George peel around, returning the way they had come, but Filch and Umbridge block that way off. The close in on the Weasley twins. Fred nods at George. George pulls a nasty-looking DEVICE from his pocket and d it on the floor. It explodes in a flash of LIGHT. Everyone covers their ey When it clears, there is a huge SWAMP in the middle of th hall and the Weasleys are standing well beyond Umbridge a the Squad.
110) 0) text: The brooms speed to Fred and George. They leap on them. Draco and some others from the Inquisitional Squad charge them. Fred and George kick off from the ground and into the air Fred glares at Umbridge.
111) 14) dialog: God, I can’t wait until all you Weasleys have been expelled. Your stench has been fouling this castle for too long. Ron glares at him.
111) 16) dialog: That’s for speaking to me. You know, you Weasleys are just as bad as Mudbloods! Ron has fallen near the pile of wands on the floor. Draco ignores him and sneers at Ginny.
111) 17) dialog: You know, Weasley, it’s really too bad Potter saved you from the Chamber of Secrets. Ginny struggles against Crabbe, who is restraining her. Ron snatches up his wand.