2) 104) dialog: Filth! Scum! Half-breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers?! 13. SIRIUS BLACK comes running into the entry hall. He skids halt next to Harry, looking up at MRS BLACK.
4) 0) text: Harry, Ginny, Hermione, Ron, and Mrs. Weasley enter the KITCHEN, which has been set up with long tables and chair At the far end of the long table, MR. WEASLEY and CHARLIE WEASLEY are talking quietly over a parchment.
8) 0) text: MRS. WEASLEY, MR WEASLEY, LUPIN, RON, HERMIONE, and GINNY standing in the hall, waiting, as Sirius and Harry descen the stairs.
8) 5) dialog: Good luck, Harry! She hugs Harry. After the hug, Harry stands back, but is suddenly hugged Hermione.
59) 0) text: Mrs. Weasley sits in her living room drinking a mug of te On the other side of the room stands the WEASLEY’S CLOCK. chimes. She looks up, and then stands, moving closer to i Mr. Weasley’s hand grinds over to the hour labeled “MORAL PERIL.” The mug of tea SHATTERS on the floor. Mrs. Weasley clutches at her mouth in dread and horror.
62) 1) dialog: Your father’s alive. He’s going to make it. There is relief evident on all of their faces. Harry turns and leaves, re-entering the kitchen.
64) 0) text: Mrs. Weasley, Ron, Ginny, Fred, George, Moody, and Tonks up to a run-down storefront with a single mannequin in th display window. Tonks moves right up to the window.
65) 0) text: They enter a crowded reception area packed with witches a wizards who have been damaged or injured in the course of their magical lives. Many move around wearing white robes with the insignia of WAND and BONE crossed over each other. Mrs. Weasley marches very determinedly through the crowd.
65) 1) dialog: This way, come on! INT. ST. MUNGO’S HALLWAY - DAY Moody and Tonks stop outside the door. 97.
65) 3) dialog: Don’t be silly, Harry. You too. And she ushered him inside.
66) 2) dialog: How are you, dear?
66) 9) dialog: That’s enough! She looks at Arthur.
66) 10) dialog: Moody and Tonks are outside, Arthur. They’d like a word. She looks at her children.
66) 11) dialog: All of you, out, if you please. They turn and leave. Mr Weasley calls Harry back.
67) 3) dialog: Yes. You know, Dumbledore seems like he’s been waiting for something like this to happen. When I spoke to him this morning, he seemed very worried about Harry.
68) 2) dialog: Come along, Neville. Harry and the others turn.
68) 4) dialog: Friends of yours, Neville? (pause) Ah, yes, Harry Potter. Good to meet you, finally. And a Weasley. She turns to Hermione
68) 5) dialog: And you must be Miss Granger. Neville’s mentioned you.
68) 7) dialog: You haven’t told them?
68) 9) dialog: Neville’s dear parents were tortured into insanity by You-Know- Who before he disappeared. Aurors, you know, very well respected. Just then, ALICE LONGBOTTOM, Neville’s mother, emerges fr behind the parition. She beckons tentatively to Neville, who goes to her. She gently, almost reverently, hands him a CANDY WRAPPER.
68) 10) dialog: Another one, Alice? All right, come on, Neville. Neville is still staring at his mother, who smiles at him then disappears again. Neville turns, locks eyes with Harry, and departs. As he goes, he slips the wrapper into his pocket, as if it were most treasured possession. Hermione and Ron watch him.
68) 13) dialog: Are you all right, Harry dear? You look like you’re going to be sick. He doesn’t answer, but marches up the stairs and shuts himself in his bedroom.