93) 3) dialog: Eyes back on the sky, please. The students ignore the Professor. The six shadows approach the hut, silhouetted against the windows of it. They open the door, and it closes.
93) 4) dialog: Twenty minutes left on your exam, students. Shadows pace past the windows to Hagrid’s hut. Raised voi reach them. Then a sharp BANG is heard, along with a flash of BLINDIN light from within the cabin. The door bursts open and Hagrid stumbles out, clutching a his waist, followed by the other six. The six shadows fire STUN SPELLS at Hagrid. 141.
97) 0) text: Several students scream in terror. Professor Tofty covers mouth.
97) 1) dialog: Not even a warning! Most of the students break for the doors leading back to Entry Hall, Harry and Ron among them. Professor Tofty follows.
99) 1) dialog: Get her to the hospital wing right away. Professor Flitwick steps forward and levitates McGonagall into the air, floating her up the steps and into the scho They leave dozens of muttering students behind, in the ni
100) 0) text: The long tables in the great hall have been moved aside. their place, hundreds of desks have been set up. It is at of these that Harry now sits. PROFESSOR MARCHBANKS stands near the staff table.
100) 1) dialog: Before we begin, I have an update on Professor McGonagall. She will be all right, and is resting in the hospital wing. Harry and Ron look encouraged.
100) 2) dialog: You may now turn your papers over and begin. Harry turns over his paper and stares at it. He begins to mark on it, scribbling answers.
104) 0) text: Harry falls out of his seat, clutching at his scar in ago Professor Marchbanks hurries to Harry’s side. He pulls Ha to his feet and escorts him out of the Great Hall.
105) 0) text: Professor Marchbanks looks at Harry, concern on his face.
105) 1) dialog: Are you all right, Potter? Harry shakes his head.
105) 2) dialog: Pressure of exams. It happens. Take a breath, and maybe you'll be ready to go back in. Time is nearly up, but-- Harry is shaking his head.