277) 2) text: (Enthuses) No, that's only the Ambassador. The Prime Minister's the one with the bald head. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 1ST GIRL
289) 0) text: From her viewpoint she sees the  flag-draped box of the foreign visitor. It is full of   his entourage and seat slightly to the left of him in  the second row 'Buchanan' is sitting. Nearer to her and   in front of 'Buchanan' on one side of the dignitary is  a be-medalled, blue- sashed individual who might be  an Ambassador.
309) 0) text: Jo turns slowly and looks up at the dignitary's box. He is turning to the man beside him, whom we shall later know as the Ambassador, and indicates with gestures how much he is enjoying the concert. He looks back over his shoulder and gives the same gestures and comments to 'Buchanan'. Then, turning forward, he settles back comfortably in his seat to enjoy the music.
373) 0) text: From their viewpoint we see the Prime Minister, obviously not wounded sufficiently to incapacitate, being escorted down the stairs by his Aide and other members of the staff, including Woburn of the Special Branch. The Prime Minister is indicating his arm and obviously by the way he waves his hands, is deprecating their concern about his wound. In fact he is rather over-doing it. Just beyond them at the top of the stairs we see 'Buchanan' standing with the Ambassador.
374) 0) text: 'Buchanan' is reassuring the Ambassador. BUCHANAN
377) 6) text: (Gallantly) Oh but it was, my dear lady. There is an awkward pause.  The Prime Minister collects himself and turns to move on out of the hall, the police making a passageway for him through the crowd. We see the Ambassador hurrying into the picture and moving across the screen quickly to follow the Prime Minister.
385) 0) text: Standing in front of a fireplace, above which is an oil painting of the Prime Minister, is the Ambassador whom we saw at the Albert Hall. He is on the telephone. AMBASSADOR
386) 0) text: Mrs. Drayton closes the door behind the two as Drayton advances towards the Ambassador with an easy manner, the CAMERA PANNING him. DRAYTON
386) 1) text: (Easily) Excuse me sir, I have a lot to explain to you -- something very unusual has happened. I must also have the money to pay our French marksman. AMBASSADOR
386) 2) text: (Almost casually) Wouldn't it be superfluous, considering that he's dead? Drayton and his wife stare mutely at the Ambassador. They are staggered at this news. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               139. AMBASSADOR
386) 3) text: His aim wasn't quite as good as you led me to expect. The target merely received a slight flesh wound in the arm. Worse than useless. Drayton still stares, petrified, at the Ambassador. AMBASSADOR
386) 5) text: (Blustering weakly) I don't see how you can hold me responsible. He was most warmly recommended by our people in Marrakesh... The Ambassador now begins to get really nasty. AMBASSADOR
386) 7) text: (Feebly) I don't know what to say ... AMBASSADOR
386) 9) text: (Trying to keep his end up) How else could I make sure the American would hold his tongue? AMBASSADOR
386) 11) text: (Weakly) I didn't think...I only thought... AMBASSADOR
386) 13) text: (Struggling for self-confidence) There's no difficulty about that, surely? The car -- AMBASSADOR
386) 15) text: (Desperate) I'll think of some method.   Just give me time.... AMBASSADOR
386) 16) text: (He snorts Contemptuously) Time! The Ambassador paces a moment, suppressing his rage, and then he stops and looks at Drayton as if thinking about something. AMBASSADOR
386) 18) text: Oh, no! The Ambassador pauses and looks up at her in such a manner that she almost shrinks. She tries to say something, but no words come out of her half-open mouth. Drayton, however, answers the Ambassador with horrible servility. DRAYTON
386) 19) text: Right, I'll see to it.. Lucy Drayton looks at her husband with loathing. There is a polite tap on the door. The Ambassador looks up. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
386) 20) dialog: Come in. The door opens and a butler enters. BUTLER
386) 21) text: Your Excellency, the Princess should be arriving at any moment. The Ambassador braces himself, his       chest swells out little, h assumes a set smile and       strides from the room. Just at this moment we hear        a String Orchest in the distance strike up some gay       waltz music. The Ambassador goes out of the door.        Mrs. Drayton is looking down at the floor.
387) 16) text: We could have the Foreign Office serve a writ on the Ambassador. He breaks off and speaks apologetically as If it were I parenthesis. BUCHANAN
388) 0) text: In the Ambassador's study underneath the oil painting of himself, the Prime Minister is escorted to a telephone by the butler who hands him the instrument. Having been told who was on the other and of the line he is all smiles as he greets Jo. PRIME MINISTER
388) 2) text: Delighted, delighted, delighted. The Ambassador, too, will be delighted. Any friends of mine are friends of his. We will drink a little toast to your country and to mine. Peacefully we will co-exist...Yes? He looks up to admire the painting of himself on the wall.
395) 1) text: (Effusively) Good evening, good evening! The Ambassador is behind the Prime Minister, and the Prime Minister turns to him with enthusiasm. PRIME MINISTER
395) 2) text: This is the charming lady who saved my life at the Concert! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             146. The Ambassador comes forward quickly, all smiles. AMBASSADOR
395) 10) text: All right.   I'm very flattered. AMBASSADOR
395) 11) text: (To butler) Stanis would you put up some chairs quickly. (To guests) Ladies and gentlemen, we have with us tonight...Jo Conway...the famous Jo Conway...she has graciously consented to sing for us .. (To his wife) Darling would you see that the Prime Minister has a very good seat. They move off to seats -- Jo is led to piano by Ambassador. Aide crosses to Ben. AIDE
435) 0) text: The applause having died out, the shot is heard loud, and people pour out of the ballroom into the hallway. They rush for the stairway, and Drayton's body, led by the Ambassador and the Prime Minister.