0) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. Ben McKenna at the back of a motor coach with their seven year old son, HANK. We do not see much of the background which is receding from us. THEY are studying the countryside from the windows at each side of them. The CAMERA PULLS BACK down the aisle of the bus revealing the other passengers. They are a surprise, consisting of Arab men and women, with an occasional civilian and French Army officer. The CAMERA STOPS at the end of the bus.
1) 0) text: The French driver and a couple of his companions, Arab.
6) 0) text: Shooting through the McKenna's window. The bus     is entering a small Arab village, Squat stone and    plaster building, narrow streets, a few carts, donkeys    and one camel. A  few pedestrians, mostly Arab men, few    women.
10) 0) text: The bus rolls on past the Arab village into the open desert once again. It looks parched and grim.
11) 0) text: Tired of watching the sameness of the desert, Hank grows, restless. He looks about for something to do. Ben leans back against the seat and closes his eyes. Jo takes a paper-bound novel out of her bag, finds her place. Hank decides to wander down the aisle of the bus and test its possibilities for adventure. The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK with him as he rather aimlessly makes for the front of the bus,. Having left the Arab village, the bus picks up speed, and is beginning to bump and sway somewhat. When Hank is a little better than half way down the aisle, the bus sways in a particularly startling manner, causing Hank to stagger. In order to steady himself, he thrusts out his hand to grab the side of a seat. He misses the seat, and only succeeds in clutching at the veil of an Arab woman. Unfortunately, he pulls the veil from her face.
14) 0) text: The woman still covers her face, but from the seat next to her, and nearer the window, an Arab rises and makes a sharp comment in Arabic to Hank. The Arab's robes are brown, with a turban-like hat combining twisted strands of white and pale green cloth, The Arab starts to move past the woman, toward Hank, repeating his demand.
17) 0) text: Hank looks up at the oncoming Arab, and retreats uncertainly, not realizing he is still holding the veil.
18) 0) text: The Arab in the brown robes begins assaulting the boy in furious Arabic, indicating that he wants the veil.
19) 0) text: Two Arabs, and a veiled woman, rise in their seats apparently disturbed by what the brown-clothed Arab is saying. They being talking among themselves.
21) 0) text: Still staring straight at the Arab, both frightened and fascinated by his verbal attack, Hank retreats. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  5
22) 0) text: Except for the French passengers, everyone in the bus is in a state of disturbance. The Arab continues to advance on Hank keeping up a steady tirade of Arabic.
23) 0) text: Ben rises quickly and advances protectively toward his son and the oncoming Arab.
24) 0) text: Hank retreats and squeezes himself against his mother, still with the veil in one hand. Ben faces the Arab who stops, but continues his monologue for Ben's benefit.
25) 0) text: From a nearby seat a young Frenchman in civilian clothes rises quickly. The CAMERA PANS him to Ben and the Arab. He pushes in between the pair.
26) 0) text: The Frenchman leans toward Hank and takes the veil he is still unconsciously holding. He hands it to the Arab with a sharp command to return to his seat. The Arab turns away carrying the veil. As the CAMERA PANS him AWAY, we see the spectators resuming their seats, growing quiet.
35) 0) text: The bus moves slowly through the streets busy with bicycle riders, Arab women carrying things on their heads, men on foot leading donkeys, an occasional camel, carts, horse-drawn carriages carrying elegant Moslem women, and ancient French automobiles.
37) 0) text: The bus pulls up to a stop, the door opens, and the passengers begin to file out. The McKennas, together with Louis Bernard, are the last off the bus. Arab helpers have already climbed to the roof of the bus, to unload the baggage. The clean-cut airline baggage of the McKennas is in sharp contrast to the Hessianroped bundles of the Arabs. There are nearby fiacres to take the people to their various destinations in the city, and some small, undersized taxi cabs.
63) 0) text: The CAMERA is slowly MOVING around the interior of an Arab restaurant catering to European tourists. It has a Moorish atmosphere, and the diners are sitting on cushions or low sofas. Long-robed waiters are padding in and out from the kitchens, quietly and efficiently serving food. There are no Arab women to be seen. The air has a smoky quality, and the room is filled with the murmur of voices and the clink of dishes. Perhaps soft music of an oriental nature is heard in the background. The light is supplied principally from candles. As the CAMERA completes its sweep around and COMES TO REST on the entrance, we see Ben and Jo arriving. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 23 A headwaiter, wearing a fez, comes forward.
70) 0) text: We now find the Draytons and the McKennas are  sitting in a group, eating dinner together. There is   no back to back awkwardness. All  are busily tearing  whole roast chickens apart with their bare fingers.   Drayton holds a piece of chicken aloft, demonstrating  the proper Arab method of eating.
76) 0) text: The main hallway and waiting room of the Police Station in Marrakesh. French and Arab personnel move up and down the wide hallway from one doorway to another. There is a babble of voices and the sound of phones heard off. The McKennas and Drayton are seated on a long bench, waiting to be called into the inner office of the Police Inspector. Drayton sits next to Ben. It is hot. Jo has eyes for everything, but Ben seems to be somewhat impatient. He looks at his watch for the third or fourth time in a minute.
85) 0) text: A robed Arab is sitting in a chair holding a telephone. The room is part of a rather elaborate Moorish house. The Arab speaks in accented English.
85) 1) dialog: Doctor McKenna? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 51
87) 0) text: The Arab doesn't bother to identify himself.
87) 1) dialog: You tell  even one word of that Louis Bernard  whispered to you in the market- place --  your little boy will be in serious  danger. The Arab starts to hang up.