0) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. Ben McKenna at the back of a motor coach with their seven year old son, HANK. We do not see much of the background which is receding from us. THEY are studying the countryside from the windows at each side of them. The CAMERA PULLS BACK down the aisle of the bus revealing the other passengers. They are a surprise, consisting of Arab men and women, with an occasional civilian and French Army officer. The CAMERA STOPS at the end of the bus.
3) 0) text: Ben and Hank are looking intently out the window. Jo's interest seems only casual.
3) 1) dialog: Daddy -- you sure I never been to Africa before? It looks familiar.
5) 2) dialog: Oh sure. Where daddy lost all that money at the cr --
5) 4) dialog: -- table. Ben gives his wife a look of exasperation, She smiles at him.
5) 5) dialog: Hey look - a camel!
7) 0) text: Ben puts his hand on Hank's shoulder.
7) 3) dialog: Still seems like Las Vegas.
9) 0) text: Hank studies the scene outside.   He shrugs. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 3.
9) 1) dialog: I dunno. In school they called it the Dark Continent. (He squints) It's twice as bright as Indianapolis! Jo and Ban smile at Hank.
9) 3) dialog: Marrakesh.   Sounds like a drink. Ben runs his tongue across his lips.
11) 0) text: Tired of watching the sameness of the desert, Hank grows, restless. He looks about for something to do. Ben leans back against the seat and closes his eyes. Jo takes a paper-bound novel out of her bag, finds her place. Hank decides to wander down the aisle of the bus and test its possibilities for adventure. The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK with him as he rather aimlessly makes for the front of the bus,. Having left the Arab village, the bus picks up speed, and is beginning to bump and sway somewhat. When Hank is a little better than half way down the aisle, the bus sways in a particularly startling manner, causing Hank to stagger. In order to steady himself, he thrusts out his hand to grab the side of a seat. He misses the seat, and only succeeds in clutching at the veil of an Arab woman. Unfortunately, he pulls the veil from her face.
13) 0) text: With the bus still bumping and swaying, Hank staggers a bit without realizing that he still has, hold of the woman's veil. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 4.
14) 0) text: The woman still covers her face, but from the seat next to her, and nearer the window, an Arab rises and makes a sharp comment in Arabic to Hank. The Arab's robes are brown, with a turban-like hat combining twisted strands of white and pale green cloth, The Arab starts to move past the woman, toward Hank, repeating his demand.
17) 0) text: Hank looks up at the oncoming Arab, and retreats uncertainly, not realizing he is still holding the veil.
20) 0) text: Ben and his wife, Jo, are straining from their back seat and looking down the aisle to see what is wrong. Ben looks at his wife quickly and then back, indicating that Hank is involved.
21) 0) text: Still staring straight at the Arab, both frightened and fascinated by his verbal attack, Hank retreats. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  5
22) 0) text: Except for the French passengers, everyone in the bus is in a state of disturbance. The Arab continues to advance on Hank keeping up a steady tirade of Arabic.
24) 0) text: Hank retreats and squeezes himself against his mother, still with the veil in one hand. Ben faces the Arab who stops, but continues his monologue for Ben's benefit.
26) 0) text: The Frenchman leans toward Hank and takes the veil he is still unconsciously holding. He hands it to the Arab with a sharp command to return to his seat. The Arab turns away carrying the veil. As the CAMERA PANS him AWAY, we see the spectators resuming their seats, growing quiet.
27) 0) text: Hank and Jo relax. Ben addresses the Frenchman, a pleasant-looking young man. He is LOUIS BERNARD. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             6.
27) 8) dialog: You talk Arab talk.
28) 0) text: Louis Bernard slides into the seat next to Jo, who moves over slightly. Ben sits on the other side so that Hank and Jo are between himself and Louis. In the rear windows behind them we see the retreating landscape of French Morocco.
28) 3) dialog: I do.   Mummy. She smiles at Hank, rubs the back of his neck.
28) 5) dialog: They feed her intervaneously? Louis looks at the boy with some surprise.
30) 2) dialog: Daddy liberated Africa. Louis laughs a little.   Ben seems uncomfortable.
32) 3) dialog: And Casablanca.
34) 3) dialog: Do you eat snails.
34) 5) dialog: If you ever get hungry, our garden back home is full of snails.
34) 7) dialog: That's all right. We tried everything to got rid of them. We never thought of a Frenchman. Even Jo has to laugh at this, and as the bus continues on into Marrakesh, the three see to be fairly good friends brought together by the artless charm of a little boy. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 10
38) 0) text: Hank rubs his backside a little.
38) 1) dialog: Next time take the train.
38) 14) dialog: A wagon!   I want to ride in a wagon! He points out one of the open horse-drawn  carriages. Louis looks to Ben for confirmation. Ben   nods assent. Louis turns to the porter, and orders him  in Arabia to put the McKenna's baggage aboard the first  available carriage. He picks up his own small bag.
38) 18) dialog: I don't like people who pat me on the head.
40) 0) text: Ben settles the excited Hank into his seat.
40) 1) dialog: How do you like this!    A horse-drawn convertible! Jo looks toward the market place, and something she sees makes her eyes widen with surprise.
41) 0) text: Jo turns to call Ben's attention to it, when there is a sudden crack of a whip, a shouted command to the horse, and the carriage starts of with an abrupt jerk. It throws her head back. Hank screams with delight.
42) 0) text: Jo slumps back into the seat, trying to evaluate whit she his seen. The market place recedes in the background. Hank is now standing up, holding on to the side of the carriage and watching the sights.
43) 0) text: Jo and Hank look at the hotel.
43) 2) dialog: What pain, mummy?
47) 0) text: Ben reaches for Hank, and the McKennas move into the hotel. As they move past the CAMERA, Jo plucks at Ben's arm.
48) 0) text: It is now evening, and we are in the double bedroom and single bedroom of the McKennas in the Hotel Mamounia. We are able to see through into the single room where Hank is, brushing his teeth while his mother supervises his getting ready for bed. Jo is already dressed for the evening in a smart-looking outfit. Ben is by the chest of drawers and mirror. He just lust finished putting on his shirt. At the far end of the room there is a   balcony over- looking the hotel gardens. By a small    table stands Louis Bernard dressed with unobtrusive   good taste. He is looking into the garden beyond. On    the table are glasses and a shaker of martinis.
49) 0) text: In the single room occupied by Hank. Jo is putting his clothes away.  Hank, having brushed his teeth and rinsed his mouth, emerges from the bathroom. He wears pajamas, but still has his shoos on.
49) 1) dialog: How about it, mummy?   One chorus.
49) 3) dialog: One chorus, and that's all.
49) 5) dialog: (Happily) Quo Sera Sera. Like you and Alfred Drake. I'll be Alfred Drake.
49) 7) dialog: Whatever I happen to hit. He hums a note to give her the key.
49) 8) dialog: How's that?
49) 10) dialog: Let's go. He tap dances a vamp introduction to the song. He's quite professional. Then he stops, takes a pose, and begins singing in a small, but not untalented voice.
49) 11) dialog: When I was lust a little boy I asked my mother "What will I be?" Will I be handsome? Will I be rich? Here's what she said to me: Jo takes up the song. Her voice is obviously professional, but beyond that, quite beautiful.
51) 0) text: Ben, who is putting on his tie, pauses, and listens. There is a slight smile of pleasure and affection on his face. Hank's voice comes over:
51) 1) dialog: When I was just a child in school I asked my teacher "What should I try" Should I paint pictures? Should I sing songs? This was her wise reply:
52) 0) text: Jo does a turn, takes Hank's hand and he does a turn around her as she sings.
52) 3) dialog: Que Sera Sera, whatever will be will be The future's not ours to see Que Sera Sera! What will be will be Que Sera Sera! Just before they finish the song, there is a loud knocking at the outside door. The song trails off.
52) 4) dialog: (Disgusted) There goes our sock finish!
61) 0) text: The McKennas turn back to the room. Louis Bernard's face his changed slightly to the more serious. Hank's voice is heard off: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 22
61) 1) dialog: Mummy -- I can't cut this meat!
75) 14) dialog: What's he doing, Mrs. Drayton?
75) 16) dialog: Wish he'd say something I could understand.
75) 24) dialog: Mummy!   Daddy! They turn in time to see Hank run up to them, followed by Mrs. Drayton.
75) 25) dialog: Come on with us! We're gonna see the medicine man! Maybe you on learn something, Daddy.
75) 29) dialog: Come on!
75) 36) dialog: Mummy!   Daddy! They turn in time to see Hank run up to them, followed by Mrs. Drayton.
75) 37) dialog: Come on with us! We're gonna see the medicine man! Maybe you can learn something, Daddy.
75) 59) dialog: Hey, Mummy. (He points) Sewing machines! Looks like a television commercial.
75) 69) dialog: Hey, Mummy. (He points) Sewing machines! Looks like a television commercial. Jo laughs appreciatively, and rumples his hair.
75) 78) dialog: What's going on? Mrs. Drayton looks toward the trouble.
75) 128) dialog: I wanna go. I never saw a French police station before.
99) 0) text: The chant of the call to prayer can be heard In the background. We are in the single bedroom, of Hank McKenna. There is one lamp burning over the empty bed, and another on the wall over the dresser. Ben is despondently carrying Hank's small suits, and other articles of clothing from the closet to in open suitcase on the bed. As he crosses with the final armload of clothes, he looks out of the door into the large bedroom.
104) 0) text: Ben puts down Hank's suitcase, and crosses to their own luggage, the CAMERA PANNING him in such a way as to keep Jo in the background. He opens the suitcases, and begins taking clothes out of the dresser drawers to pack them.
136) 3) dialog: Mummy?    Mummy is that you? Jo fights sudden tears.
136) 5) dialog: I'm a little scared, mummy. But I'm all right -- I guess. I miss you mummy, I miss you so much. She bursts out crying, unable to hold herself back any more. Ben takes the phone from her quickly.
136) 7) dialog: Is mummy crying? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 77
136) 9) dialog: I didn't mean to make her cry, daddy, but I'm scared, and I want to see her.
136) 11) dialog: Welbeck eight -- There is a sudden click. Ben rattles the receiver. All he gets is a dial tone. He hangs up, and turns to Jo who is quietly crying, trying to get over the shock of hearing Hank. Buchanan enters the office as Ben takes jo by the shoulders and turns her around to him. He takes out a handkerchief, hands it to her. She covers her face for a moment, then dries her tears. She looks up at Ben.
194) 1) text: Will you stick around? We'll be back as soon as we can. I don't know how to thank you. He goes out through the door closing it.    Everyone stands staring at the door.
200) 0) text: Inside of a small, almost bare room, Mrs. Drayton closes the door behind her and stands with her back to it, watching. The CAMERA PANS SLIGHTLY to reveal the rest of the room. Sitting at a small table is a listless, young Hank McKenna. He is playing checkers with the woman we saw at the airport who was standing with the autograph hunters, watching Jo McKenna. The one with the dirty glasses, who made a phone call. Hank has caught the woman in a checker trap, and with obvious satisfaction jumps three of her men. HANK
200) 2) text: It's time you went to bed, dear.    You'll get tired out. HANK
200) 6) text: (To Hank) You'll go to sleep, Hank, won't you? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               102. HANK
208) 0) text: They enter the Chapel from the rear, looking around cautiously. A hymn is in progress. The Chapel holds about three hundred people. It is of the non-conformist type and the congregation consists mostly of middle- aged and elderly women. Although the McKennas are not aware of it, we notice that the organist is none other than Edna, the woman who observed Jo at the airport, and later took care of Hank. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              106.
217) 3) text: Tell him...tell him everything. This is the time. I'm sure Hank is around here some place. JO
223) 3) text: He's upstairs. As a matter of fact you've just come in time to help my wife with Hank's food. Seems Hank doesn't care much for English cooking. Drayton's eyes stray to the back of the church as he talks. Ben, noticing Drayton's eye movement, follows it cautiously. But before he can confirm his suspicions, there is a loud clang of a door closing that gives him his answer. He looks around quickly.
226) 1) text: Hank! Hank McKenna!    Hank!   Where are you? Hank! Hank! As the sound roars through he chapel the two man dash for the pulpit, and at that mount we hear, faintly off, the voice of Hank: HANK
236) 0) text: The   back door of the chapel opens and Drayton, Hank and   Mrs. Drayton emerge. Drayton locks chapel door and   crosses to a waiting car. They all get in and the car   moves off.
257) 0) text: He leans out the door and beckons the Draytons and Hank to come in quickly. The three get out of the car and hurry toward the door.
381) 1) text: (Wildly) Where's our boy?   Where's Hank? BUCHANAN
387) 9) text: If the Draytons are at the Embassy, Hank has to be there too! Buchanan turns his attention back to Ben. BUCHANAN
387) 27) text: He said he wanted to visit us soon so he could thank you. (MORE)
409) 0) text: In a room on the other side of the door, Hank McKenna is listening to the music. Hank seems a little puzzled. Then, his face lights up and he jumps suddenly to his feet. He runs towards the door and begins trying to open it. HANK
409) 1) text: That's my Mother's voice!    That's my Mother singing! Mrs. Drayton is quite startled by Hank's performance. MRS. DRAYTON
409) 2) text: Hank -- are you sure? Are you really sure?
410) 0) text: Hank turns around at the doorway, to look at Mrs. Drayton. HANK
412) 0) text: Hank, a little mystified, has no answer. He walks slowly back into the room, towards Mrs. Drayton, listening and thinking about what he hears.
413) 0) text: Mrs. Drayton's face shows a new and dangerous thought coming into it. She looks down at Hank. MRS. DRAYTON
413) 1) text: Hank? -- can you whistle that song?
414) 0) text: He looks at her and nods abstractedly. HANK
414) 2) text: Then go on -- whistle it.   Whistle it as loud as you can. On Hank's face comes a little understanding. He can barely believe what she means. Then he understands. He turns, and deliberately facing the door, starts to whistle the song. He whistles loud and vigorously. Mrs. Drayton stands up and moves back to a chair, as she watches him.
422) 0) text: Up in the room, Hank is bent in a chair, sobbing, Mrs. Drayton is kneeling by him, trying to reassure him. She stops suddenly as she hears footsteps in the distance. She rises to her feet, and as the footsteps grow and grow, she looks at the boy desperately, She goes to the door, hears the steps coming nearer and nearer. She looks across at the window. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
424) 0) text: She looks down at Hank almost protectively, as  the footsteps get still nearer. She goes to Hank,   kneels down again and clutches the boy to her as the  footsteps stop outside the door. She looks at the door,   with horror.
426) 0) text: Mrs. Drayton lets out a piercing scream. Hank's head jerks up. The door is heard bursting open.
427) 0) text: Ban stands in the doorway. He instantly rushes toward Hank, the CAMERA PANNING him. Hank leaps to his feet, and the two of them come together. No clear words are spoken, Just muffled sounds of words as they hug each other. Then they release each other, and turn to look at Mrs. Drayton. She is standing, staring at the door with horror. Ben turns quickly to look.
429) 3) text: Precisely my own notion, my dear. He moves forward on   the group, gun poised. Hank clutches his father   in fright, and Ben tenses himself, prepared for battle   if necessary. Mrs. Drayton stares at her husband with   some defiance. Drayton addresses Ben amiably. DRAYTON
430) 1) text: You wouldn't want your father to get hurt, would you? Hank looks up towards his father.    Drayton looks up.
431) 2) text: (Interrupting) There won't be. Hank -- don't say or do anything. Hank just nods.   He's too frightened to talk. DRAYTON
431) 3) text: Shall we go? Ben starts for the door with Hank, and Drayton moves into the other side of Hank. As they go through the door, Mrs. Drayton makes an instinctive step forward, if to attack Drayton from the rear, but the sight of Hank in danger stops her. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 15
432) 0) text: The trio, Hank in the center, slowly strolls down the corridor toward the main stairway. The sound of Jo Conway's voice can be heard from below.
434) 0) text: A closer view shows the terrified, tear-stained face of Hank, and the tense features of Ben. Drayton seems carefully alert. The CAMERA MOVES DOWNWARD in front of them as they descend. The music coming from the ballroom ceases, as Jo finishes her second song. There is the sound of great applause. The three are about a dozen steps from the bottom, when suddenly Ben shoots out a hard and pushes Drayton forward. Taken by surprise, he stumbles, and falls down the stairs clumsily. Clutching for support with his hands, the gun goes off in his pocket, and he remains in a crumpled heap at the bottom of the stairs.
436) 0) text: As people crowd excitedly around the body, Ben is hurrying Hank away from the scene, the CAMERA PANS them.
438) 0) text: Inside the ballroom, which is emptying due to the rush of people to the corridor, Jo has risen from the piano and is almost afraid to go out and see what has happened. In a moment, Ben and the boy appear in  the doorway. Hank rushes across the ballroom to his  mother, who moves quickly when she sees him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              154. HANK
438) 2) text: Hank. They embrace.
439) 1) text: I'm sorry we were gone so long, Val, but we had to go and pick up Hank. Ben's voice awakens the other women. They sit up, and stare with bewilderment at the smiling trio of Ben, Jo and Hank.