25) 1) dialog: (To Ben) Pardon me. He turns to the Arab, moves him back   a little, sharply silences his attack, and then begins,   in Arabic, to explain firmly that the boy meant, no   harm. It was an accident. The Arab isn't convinced,    points to Hank.
27) 0) text: Hank and Jo relax. Ben addresses the Frenchman, a pleasant-looking young man. He is LOUIS BERNARD. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             6.
27) 2) dialog: (smiles pleasantly) A pleasure, monsieur. There are moments in life when we all need a little help.
27) 4) dialog: How do you do, madame.      My name is Louis Bernard. She returns his smile.
27) 7) dialog: Hallo, Hank. He holds out his hand to Hank, who takes it.
27) 9) dialog: A few words.
27) 11) dialog: (Half shrugs) The Moslem religion allows for few accidents. (To Ben) May I be permitted to sit down?
27) 13) dialog: (Pauses) I thought his name was Hank.
28) 0) text: Louis Bernard slides into the seat next to Jo, who moves over slightly. Ben sits on the other side so that Hank and Jo are between himself and Louis. In the rear windows behind them we see the retreating landscape of French Morocco.
28) 1) dialog: How different.
28) 4) dialog: Now about the "accident." You see, a Moslem woman never takes off her veil in public under any circumstances.
28) 6) dialog: Quite a big word for such a small boy.
28) 8) dialog: Oh.   Well, he sounds like one.
28) 10) dialog: (Laughs) And where do you practice, Doctor?
29) 1) dialog: What brings you to Marrakesh?
31) 0) text: Jo his been listening.   She seems annoyed at Louis Bernard's questioning.   She interrupts.
32) 1) dialog: Oh no. (To Ben) I suppose you came directly from Paris?
32) 4) dialog: I hope you will have time to truly enjoy Marrakesh.
32) 6) dialog: You will naturally be stopping at the hotel Mamounia or La Menara?
32) 8) dialog: (smiles) They are hotels for tourists of good taste. The background, as seen through the windows of the bus, indicates that we are in a built-up area.
34) 0) text: A persists with Louis Bernard.
34) 2) dialog: Sometimes.
34) 4) dialog: When I'm lucky enough to got them.
34) 6) dialog: (Chuckles) Thank you for the invitation.
37) 0) text: The bus pulls up to a stop, the door opens, and the passengers begin to file out. The McKennas, together with Louis Bernard, are the last off the bus. Arab helpers have already climbed to the roof of the bus, to unload the baggage. The clean-cut airline baggage of the McKennas is in sharp contrast to the Hessianroped bundles of the Arabs. There are nearby fiacres to take the people to their various destinations in the city, and some small, undersized taxi cabs.
38) 3) dialog: That's kind of you, doctor, but unfortunately I have some business first. Jo tries to be casual.
38) 5) dialog: However, I'll be there later - perhaps we might have a drink together. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  1
38) 7) dialog: In that case, I will take you to dinner.
38) 9) dialog: But I know Marrakesh. I can show you an intriguing Arab restaurant where the food is different, and the manner of eating exotic.
38) 13) dialog: How would you prefer to travel to the hotel? By taxi? Fiacre?
38) 15) dialog: Au revoir.   I look forward to cocktails. He nods to Ben and Jo, and Pats Hank on the head.
48) 0) text: It is now evening, and we are in the double bedroom and single bedroom of the McKennas in the Hotel Mamounia. We are able to see through into the single room where Hank is, brushing his teeth while his mother supervises his getting ready for bed. Jo is already dressed for the evening in a smart-looking outfit. Ben is by the chest of drawers and mirror. He just lust finished putting on his shirt. At the far end of the room there is a   balcony over- looking the hotel gardens. By a small    table stands Louis Bernard dressed with unobtrusive   good taste. He is looking into the garden beyond. On    the table are glasses and a shaker of martinis.
50) 0) text: Louis Bernard looks up with some surprise, fascinated and delighted with Jo's singing ability.
53) 3) dialog: I can't tell you how beautifully your wife sings.
53) 5) dialog: She's marvelous. Too bad it was interrupted. Ben pauses in dressing, speaks almost to himself. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                19.
54) 3) dialog: Mrs. McKenna, permit me the pleasure of serving you a drink.
54) 5) dialog: Were you on the American stage, Mrs. McKenna?
57) 0) text: Louis comes up, hands her a martini.
57) 1) dialog: Madame.
57) 4) dialog: Oh?
57) 6) dialog: The theater, requires time, and for me time is often a luxury.
57) 8) dialog: (studies her briefly) I was born there. Jo takes a sip of her drink, with some, frustration.
57) 10) dialog: Buy and sell.
57) 12) dialog: Whatever gives the best profit. She puts down     her drink with some exasperation. As she does, she     glances back toward Ben. He's getting his coat, but     pauses to give her a slight smile and a look that says     "You're wasting your time."
57) 14) dialog: (Sips   his drink) You know,   I would much rather talk about the   stage. If you tell me what to answer   any? Before he can answer, there is a KNOCK at the door, and he looks toward it. She gets to her feet, and starts for the door. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                21.
59) 0) text: As the McKennas turn, the man in the doorway lifts himself on tiptoe a little and gives a sharp look in the direction of Louis Bernard.
61) 0) text: The McKennas turn back to the room. Louis Bernard's face his changed slightly to the more serious. Hank's voice is heard off: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 22
61) 3) dialog: (To Ben) May I use your telephone? Ben gestures that the phone is his. The CAMERA PANS Louis to the phone, which he picks up, and begins talking in French asking first for the operator, and a certain number. Beyond that his conversation is a mystery, because his face reveals nothing. (Possibly speaks Arabic.)
62) 0) text: As Louis Bernard talks on the phone, Ben goes to   pick up his drink. He comes back into the room, as JO    enter once again from the bedroom. She looks at Louis,    then at Ben who shrugs his shoulders. Louis finishes    his phone conversation, hangs up.
62) 1) dialog: I am terribly sorry, but I cannot go to dinner with you tonight. I had neglected an important matter which now requires my attention. Perhaps, another night... He bows briefly and moves towards the door. The McKenna's look at each other quite bewildered. FADE OUT.
71) 0) text: Louis Bernard is standing in the entrance of the restaurant. On his arm is a rather elegantly dressed woman. She is also handsome and graceful. As he stands waiting for the headwaiter, Louis Bernard looks around the restaurant. His eyes stop when he comes to the McKennas. He looks directly at them without the slightest sign of recognition.
71) 1) dialog: Trouvez nous un coin tranquille -- C'est possible? (Could you show me a quiet place?)
73) 0) text: The headwaiter comes up to Louis Bernard, exchanges a few words with him which we cannot hear, and then leads the couple to a set of cushions in the far corner of the room. As he moves away from the entrance, Louis Bernard does not look at the McKennas.
75) 0) text: Over in the far corner of the restaurant, the lady with Louis Bernard leans forward and murmurs something in French. Her gaze is across the room in the direction of the McKennas.
75) 2) dialog: Oui.   (Yes.) FADE OUT.
75) 99) dialog: Ils ont trouvГ©s... ils ont rГ©ussi Г  trouver... Ben looks at him puzzled.
75) 100) dialog: (English) McKenna... I'm... Louis.... Bernard. Ben is quite surprised.
75) 102) dialog: McKenna -- listen to me -- first! With what strength he has, Louis drags Ben down until Ben's ear is near to his mouth. With a great effort Louis whispers to him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
75) 104) dialog: A man...a statesman...is to be killed...assassinated...in London...soon...very soon...tell them...in London...to try Ambrose Chappell... Presently, the mouth stops speaking.    It remains still and open.
140) 0) text: Ben puts the room key down on a table, and the CAMERA PANS him over to a smaller desk containing the telephone and telephone books. He sits down at the desk, and reaches for the general telephone directory. He begins flipping through the pages. Jo turns from the flowers and walks over to him. He pauses, takes out of his pocket the black notebook on which he wrote Louis Bernard's message. He tears out the page, hands the notebook to Jo.
142) 0) text: Ben hangs up, and turns to the group. He tries to be as casual as possible. He picks up the note from Louis Bernard, and the one on which the address of Ambrose Chappell is written and shoves them into his pocket. He rises to meet his guests.
164) 5) text: I suppose you've heard of him.    Louis Bernard. A Frenchman. CHAPPELL JR.
164) 6) text: Louis Bernard? He seems to be turning the name over in his mind.    Ben turns to at the workmen around them. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 92
171) 2) text: You don't know Louis Bernard? CHAPPELL JR.