42) 0) text: Jo slumps back into the seat, trying to evaluate whit she his seen. The market place recedes in the background. Hank is now standing up, holding on to the side of the carriage and watching the sights.
118) 0) text: The be-spectacled, pasty-faced woman who had been standing with the fans before, is now speaking rather cautiously into a telephone. We don't hear what she is saying, but the inclination of her head shows that she is making some reference to the new arrivals.
141) 10) dialog: When we got your wire I couldn't believe it. What were you doing down in Morocco?
141) 17) dialog: (To Jan with meaning) It's McKenna...Doctor McKenna.      Welcome to London Town, doctor.
142) 4) dialog: (Takes his hand) I've heard so much about you, Doctor, it's nice to see you in person.
142) 13) dialog: Where's your boy? I'd like to see which one you he looks like. All momentary gaiety goes from Jo's face, and Ben has a hard time appearing nonchalant.
142) 20) dialog: Okay.   But dinner tonight's on me. Jo turns around to look at him, disturbed, almost to the point of alarm. A carefree dinner is something she just couldn't go through.
142) 22) dialog: A welcome home for Jo. (Smiles at her) And I wish I could persuade her to stay a month.
174) 0) text: The five persons in the McKenna suits are sitting around. All but Jo have drinks in their hands. She seems to be absorbed in her own thoughts, but Val Parnell is holding forth, oblivious at first to her disinterest. VAL
174) 1) text: ...and back at our flat, after the first night, Chris had the nerve to suggest that the sketch where Bud Flanagan comes in dressed up as the Countess was unconvincing ... that no matter how well-got-up Bud Flanagan was, even if he were dressed by Hartnell, nobody would believe he was an aristocrat. So I said, 'Look Chris, why don't you cut William Hickey's column out of the paper?! -- He stops talking, as he looks across at the silent Jo. Helen and the others, follow his look. They watch her sympathetically. Jo  seems totally unaware that anyone else is in the room, staring, into thin air, absorbed with thoughts of her own. VAL
174) 3) text: Huh? VAL
174) 4) text: What's become of that unpredictable husband of yours? (Consults his watch) He's been gone over an hour. She doesn't answer, so he goes on. VAL
175) 0) text: Slowly Jo's expression begins to chance to one of interest. We see a flood of thoughts expressed in her face. She looks across at Val and replies: JO
177) 0) text: With some excitement, Jo addresses Val Parnell. J0
177) 1) text: Do they list chapels in the London Telephone Directory? VAL
178) 0) text: INSERT of telephone directory - Val's finger lands on 'Ambrose Chapel, 17 Ambrose Street, West Two.'
179) 0) text: VAL
179) 4) text: But have another drink -- and please explain to Ben when he comes in. She hurries out the door. The others are left standing, looking at each other. Val and Helen speak almost at the same time, asking each other the same question. VAL AND HELEN
184) 1) text: There's something weird going on around here that I can't follow. VAL
184) 8) text: Can you fathom it, Val? Val paces thoughtfully, and they watch him. VAL
185) 1) text: Where's Jo? Val walks over to him, hands him a ready-made drink. Ben takes it but doesn't have time to drink when Val speaks. VAL
186) 0) text: VAL
187) 1) text: Where is it!     What's the address? Val crosses to find the phone book on the desk and looks for address. VAL
209) 0) text: Carefully the McKennas find their way to a back row seat. One or two of the women in the back row turn to look at the new arrivals. Jo wants to whisper something to Ben, but with a gesture he silences her. Ben picks up hymnal, hands her one, finds the right page and begins to sing along with the hymn. But instead of following the words of the hymn, Ben makes up his own words to communicate with Jo, as he looks around at the chapel. BEN
267) 0) text: Shooting through the Albert Memorial as a foreground piece we see the activities of the arrivals at a big concert. Through the archway large limousines are pulling up, while on the sidewalk level with the main road odd taxis are pulling in. We see the usual line of posters which run along the edge of the sidewalk.
274) 0) text: Shooting over the head of crowd she sees the arrival of an important personage. He is accompanied by others who are apparently attendants upon him. A couple of the individuals behind him are wearing large order sashes underneath their white waistcoats. The principal figure of this group is an oldish an around sixty. He is in white tie and tails, and also wearing a number of foreign orders. About third is line behind him comes 'Buchanan'.
276) 0) text: From her viewpoint we see the men she has been seeking, possibly the manager of the Albert Hall, his assistant cow-towing behind him, and alongside of the manager someone dressed like he might be 'Sir Kenneth Clarke', the head of the Arts Council, The new-arrival is greeted. There is an exchange of courtesies, after which they are led on toward the beginning of the staircase. As 'Buchanan' comes nearer.
277) 3) text: Well, I'll guarantee he's got a better seat than we have. The CAMERA PANS Jo as she does manage to get forward a little, but she is caught up in the Sudden break-up of the people who have lined up to see arrival. By the time she is in the clear the CAMERA PANS her further and over her shoulder we see the last of 'Buchanan' and the rest up the staircase, followed by other members of the audience going up in the same direction.
283) 0) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK and we now see that the crowd in the lobby is thinning out. Jo stands alone, jostled by a stream of late arrivals. From the hall itself we can hear the SOUND of the orchestra tuning up, followed by a burst of applause, with a few shouts which obviously herald the arrival of the visiting dignitary in his box.
285) 2) text: If you don't mind, I'm just looking for someone. She takes a step or two forward as some new arrivals take up the attention of the ticket collector. The programme girl escorts them out of the scene.
439) 0) text: Inside the McKenna's hotel room, the Parnells and the two woman guests are sprawled out in ungainly attitudes of sleep. Val is snoring pleasantly. The door of the room opens and the three McKennas appear. The sound awakes Val. He peers at them sleepily and struggles to a sitting position. Ben closes the door. BEN
439) 1) text: I'm sorry we were gone so long, Val, but we had to go and pick up Hank. Ben's voice awakens the other women. They sit up, and stare with bewilderment at the smiling trio of Ben, Jo and Hank.