119) 2) dialog: How do you do?
119) 4) dialog: Mr. Buchanan would like to have a chat with you, inside.
119) 6) dialog: Special Branch, Scotland Yard. He gestures them to enter the building. They do, leaving Edington and tho Airline official outside.
120) 0) text: Woburn leads Ben and Jo into an inner office.    It is a good-sized room, plain, but comfortable.
120) 1) dialog: This is Mr. Buchanan -- Doctor and Mrs. McKenna.
130) 0) text: In the outer office Woburn quickly hands Buchanan the phone, who puts it to his ear.
134) 0) text: Buchanan puts out a hand. Woburn places a pen in it, and slides a pad along the desk under it. We hear Mrs. Drayton's voice over the filter. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 76
137) 0) text: Woburn comes in the office, goes to Buchanan.
137) 1) dialog: (Tersely) Public call box -- West One. He shrugs as if to say "that's the end." Buchanan nods for Woburn to leave. Woburn does, casting a side glance of sympathy toward Jo and Ben. He closes the door quietly behind him.
228) 0) text: Woburn, assistant to Buchanan, is listening intently on the phone. The office behind him is not handsomely appointed. Jo's voice is heard on filter. J0
228) 1) text: He sent me out to call you -- so we could do something before they get away. WOBURN
228) 3) text: I don't know, I don't know where he is...but at least these people will know -- the Draytons. If you'd only send somebody to get them. WOBURN
229) 1) text: Mr. Woburn, there isn't any time! My husband is sitting in that chapel waiting for me to bring some help. Can't I talk with Mr. Buchanan? He said when we needed him, to call.
230) 0) text: Woburn is concerned. WOBURN
232) 0) text: As he talks, Woburn reaches for a pad d a pencil, and begins making some notes. WOBURN
232) 2) text: (Filter) Then can't you do anything -- right away -- before we lose the Draytons? WOBURN
234) 0) text: Woburn finishes making his notes. He reaches for another phone with his left hand, and dials a number as he talks to Jo. WOBURN
234) 1) text: (Efficiently) That won't be necessary. I'll see that the chapel is put under immediate observation. By the time you get back a police car should be there. Please return to your husband, tell him to come straight out of the chapel, and let the police take over. He turns to the other phone. WOBURN
234) 2) text: Woburn, Special Branch, hold on. (To the other phone) I must ring off now, Mrs. McKenna. Please believe me, I'll have everything laid on.
235) 0) text: With a feeling of frustration, Jo hangs up the phone as Woburn clicks off on the other end. She exits to the phone booth.
247) 9) text: I told Mr. Woburn he had to hurry.
372) 2) text: Your wife saved him -- it is only a small flesh wound...Oh here he is now...you must come and meet him...don't be nervous...I'll get the aide to present you...it will be all right (To Woburn) Would you present the lady to the prime minister? Suddenly their attention is drawn to something off- screen up the stairs. The hubbub increases.
373) 0) text: From their viewpoint we see the Prime Minister, obviously not wounded sufficiently to incapacitate, being escorted down the stairs by his Aide and other members of the staff, including Woburn of the Special Branch. The Prime Minister is indicating his arm and obviously by the way he waves his hands, is deprecating their concern about his wound. In fact he is rather over-doing it. Just beyond them at the top of the stairs we see 'Buchanan' standing with the Ambassador.
375) 0) text: The manager is leading Ben and Jo across to the foot of the stairs. They are reluctant but he insists. As the CAMERA PANS them over they meet the group at the bottom at the stairs. The manager calls out to Mr. Woburn and indicates Ben and Jo. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              135.
376) 0) text: Woburn is a little non-plussed.  He leans over to one of the Prime Minister's Aides.  The latter's face lights up. He leans over and whispers  something to the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister is  all smiles.
377) 0) text: Woburn steps down and introduces Ben and Jo to the Prime Minister's Aide. WOBURN
377) 2) text: My dear lady, I shall be for ever in your debt. WOBURN
378) 0) text: Ben and Jo stand for a moment not knowing what to do or where to go next. Woburn standing with Ben and Jo. They look up and see Buchanan. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13 WOBURN
387) 2) text: (Slowly) Trying to liquidate one of their own big-shots. I wish they'd stick to their usual custom, and do it in their own country... At this moment the phone rings. Woburn, who is now re- placing the two Special Branch men in the room, picks up the telephone. WOBURN
387) 19) text: What's the telephone number of this Embassy. Both of the men looking at Ben a moment without answering and then Woburn speaks first. WONBURN
387) 26) text: What am I supposed to say, Ben? I don't know -- (She trails off) Ben, half looking at Woburn and Buchanan, gives her instructions. BFN