11) 0) text: Tired of watching the sameness of the desert, Hank grows, restless. He looks about for something to do. Ben leans back against the seat and closes his eyes. Jo takes a paper-bound novel out of her bag, finds her place. Hank decides to wander down the aisle of the bus and test its possibilities for adventure. The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK with him as he rather aimlessly makes for the front of the bus,. Having left the Arab village, the bus picks up speed, and is beginning to bump and sway somewhat. When Hank is a little better than half way down the aisle, the bus sways in a particularly startling manner, causing Hank to stagger. In order to steady himself, he thrusts out his hand to grab the side of a seat. He misses the seat, and only succeeds in clutching at the veil of an Arab woman. Unfortunately, he pulls the veil from her face.
12) 0) text: The startled woman, instantly horrified, covers her face with her hands and gives a sharp cry,
13) 0) text: With the bus still bumping and swaying, Hank staggers a bit without realizing that he still has, hold of the woman's veil. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 4.
14) 0) text: The woman still covers her face, but from the seat next to her, and nearer the window, an Arab rises and makes a sharp comment in Arabic to Hank. The Arab's robes are brown, with a turban-like hat combining twisted strands of white and pale green cloth, The Arab starts to move past the woman, toward Hank, repeating his demand.
19) 0) text: Two Arabs, and a veiled woman, rise in their seats apparently disturbed by what the brown-clothed Arab is saying. They being talking among themselves.
44) 0) text: A moderately well-dressed, middle-aged couple emerge from the hotel. The man is dressed in a dark grey flannel suit. The woman wears a light-weight, two- piece sweater and skirt, She catches sight of Jo McKenna. The man with her beckons to a porter. They are Mr. and Mrs. DRAYTON.
46) 0) text: With a marked glance at Jo McKenna, the woman whispers something to the man. He follows her glance.
65) 0) text: They are passing a couple who are seated on cushions eating. The couple look up at Ben and Jo. They are the same two people we saw come out of the Hotel Mamounia just as the McKennas entered. The woman had stared at Jo, and she does it again, nudging the man next to her with an elbow. The McKennas almost pass them, then stop. The woman continues half-looking over her shoulder again, then turns back to her dinner.
68) 0) text: Ben looks at her, then slowly turns his head to look behind him at the couple. As he does, the woman behind him also turns. They are staring directly at each other.
71) 0) text: Louis Bernard is standing in the entrance of the restaurant. On his arm is a rather elegantly dressed woman. She is also handsome and graceful. As he stands waiting for the headwaiter, Louis Bernard looks around the restaurant. His eyes stop when he comes to the McKennas. He looks directly at them without the slightest sign of recognition.
75) 1) dialog: C'est les deux que cherchez? (Is that the couple you are looking for?) Louis turns slightly and looks.     He glances back at her and nods significantly.
114) 0) text: Fans behind the airport fence, holding out autograph books and shouting for her autograph. Others try to break from the barrier, but are restrained by the police. Standing in the front row of the fans is a sober-faced woman who is not shouting or holding out a book.
116) 0) text: The sober-faced woman, standing among the fans. She has a rather grey, pasty face, and stares off at Jo through horn-rimmed glasses that are encrusted with dust in the corners of the lenses. After a moment she pushes her way back through the crowd of fans and moves out of sight.
118) 0) text: The be-spectacled, pasty-faced woman who had been standing with the fans before, is now speaking rather cautiously into a telephone. We don't hear what she is saying, but the inclination of her head shows that she is making some reference to the new arrivals.
197) 0) text: A non-conformist Chapel. Empty, except for    one figure, a woman laying out music on the organ rack   in the front of the Chapel. The CAMERA MOVES IN on her,    and as she turns on her way to the hymn board, we see   that she is Mrs. Drayton. At the hymn board, she slips    into it a series of hymn numbers.
200) 0) text: Inside of a small, almost bare room, Mrs. Drayton closes the door behind her and stands with her back to it, watching. The CAMERA PANS SLIGHTLY to reveal the rest of the room. Sitting at a small table is a listless, young Hank McKenna. He is playing checkers with the woman we saw at the airport who was standing with the autograph hunters, watching Jo McKenna. The one with the dirty glasses, who made a phone call. Hank has caught the woman in a checker trap, and with obvious satisfaction jumps three of her men. HANK
208) 0) text: They enter the Chapel from the rear, looking around cautiously. A hymn is in progress. The Chapel holds about three hundred people. It is of the non-conformist type and the congregation consists mostly of middle- aged and elderly women. Although the McKennas are not aware of it, we notice that the organist is none other than Edna, the woman who observed Jo at the airport, and later took care of Hank. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              106.
211) 0) text: Jo looks towards Ben helplessly. Mrs. Drayton is between the two of them and any possible exit. Ben immediately eases his way along behind a column which hides him somewhat from the front, but not from the side. Jo endeavors to shrink her body behind a tall woman in front of her, but she is not entirely successful. We can see Mrs. Drayton getting closer to them. Jo looks toward Ben almost panicked. Suddenly Mrs. Drayton has reached the end of their row. She pushes forward her collection plate, and as she does so her face blanches. She instantly identifies the two. Ben, with little else to do, looks her straight in the eye and puts some coins into her plate. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 10
224) 0) text: At the other end of the chapel, the woman, Edna, has just closed the door, and is in the process of locking the heavy iron lock with a large key. She extracts the key and puts it into her pocket.
259) 0) text: The servants are packed together at one side of the corridor. They are talking, grumbling. WOMAN COOK
268) 0) text: The screen is filled with a large poster. It announces for that evening the commemorative concert. Further details on the poster indicate that a Cantata will be sung featuring the London Symphony Orchestra, The Royal Choral Society, and a name woman as featured mezzo soprano, and Conductor Bernard Herrmann. Between the CAMERA and the Poster a taxi pulls up. It is near enough to the CAMERA so that just the driver and the door fills the screen, Jo McKenna steps out the far side and pays off the driver with a Ten Shilling Note. She hurries away. The driver endeavors to call after her as he turns the note around in his hand. He looks at it with satisfaction, and stuffs it into the inner recesses of his clothes. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                121
282) 2) text: Where Is he?     Where is he? Rien does not reply. The CAMERA PANS him away. We see him join a woman escort and make their way for the staircase. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 12
291) 0) text: The CAMERA roves among the boxes. Suddenly it stops on one as the Assassin takes his seat with his woman escort like any ordinary couple. They are quite casual in their behavior.
335) 0) text: In the box the Assassin places his hand for the   first time inside his coat towards his holster. The    CAMERA PULLS BACK to show the woman sitting with him,   seeing this gesture, rising and backing away into the   dark recesses of the box.
382) 9) text: We've questioned the woman. Said she bought a ticket that happened to place her in the same box with the man that did the shooting. Doesn't know anything -- but if she does, she's not talking. BUCHANAN
385) 1) text: Yes...yes...I see. Well if the woman won't talk, she won't talk and that's that, I suppose. All right.
439) 0) text: Inside the McKenna's hotel room, the Parnells and the two woman guests are sprawled out in ungainly attitudes of sleep. Val is snoring pleasantly. The door of the room opens and the three McKennas appear. The sound awakes Val. He peers at them sleepily and struggles to a sitting position. Ben closes the door. BEN