0) 19) dialog: (proudly) And the only one ever to have been trained as a bareback rider in the entire history of the circus. Officer 2 hands the document back to Armando.
0) 21) dialog: (smiling) ' Not while I live and breathe. Officer 1 returns Armando's identity card.
0) 23) dialog: Come! COMMUTERS ENTERING ELEVATOR i5 The gates CIOSE behing them before Armando and Caesar reach the elevator. Armando looks around, leads Caesar toward an interior staircase, They start down.
0) 26) dialog: Yes. But try to walk a little more like a primitive chimpanzee. the Stops to illustrate what he means) Your arms should move up and down from the shoulders -- sol Caesar nods, vaguely puzzled, mimics Armando's movementa,
0) 27) dialog: Much better. (smiling) After twenty years you've picked up evolved habits from me. That could be dangerous. Even fatal.
1) 1) dialog: Listen to mé, Caesar. There can be only one talking chimpanzee on earth, the child of the two talking apes, Cornelius and Zira, who came to us years ago out of the future and Were brutally murdered for fear that, one very distant day, Apes might dominate the human race.
1) 3) dialog: And we must keep it that way, for the fear remains. The mere fact _ of your existence would be regarded as a great threat to mankind. When you realize how apes are treated.... He traile off, troubled.
1) 5) dialog: (pause, with effort The comradeship of the circus where humans are kind to animals..,is very different from what you are about to see. A pedestrian ENTERS the passageway, comes toward them.
1) 8) dialog: Come! Come! Caesar lurches clumsily forward as the pedestrian passes them. 6
1) 10) dialog: (a whisper) Prepare for a shock. Caesar stumbles off the escalator, then reacts with total astonishment at the sight of: our 16- 17
1) 26) dialog: They did ~- in the beginning.
1) 28) dialog: Shh -~ let me show you what happened, He leads Caesar across the shopping center.
1) 30) dialog: They ali died within « few months, nine years ago -~ every dog and cat in the world. [ft was like a plague. The disease that killed them was a mysterious virus brought back from outer space by one of the astronauts, No existing vaccine or antidote was of any heip,
1) 32) dialog: No, they were immune, And ao, it was discovered, were simians, even the smallest ones. Thatts how it began -- humans wanting Little househeld pets to replace the ones they had lost. First it was just the marmosets and tarsier monkeys. Phen, &@5 people realized how quick they were ta learn, how easy to train, the pets became larger and larger. Until now... He gestures to the crowd of apes and humana in the shoppi canter.
1) 34) dialog: Now you understand why I've kept you away -- {seeing policeman} Come, come! He yanks at Caesar's leash, pulling him away as the Policeman regards them idly.
1) 35) text: Armando and Caesar approach an outdoor cafe where a group Of FEMALE HUMANS are seated around a table. LADY 1 clicks & thumb switch on her perspex cigarette ease, and out pop Cant. 10 I-20 Cont. & very slim pale green cigarette. In a flash a huge gorilla waiter (FRANK), with a tray in one hand, proffers his lighter with the other.
2) 0) text: Caesar and Armando enter the shop as Lisa goes up to the counter where a bespectacled LADY BOOKSELLER is seated. Standing patiently to one side and behind her is a male
4) 12) text: Beau tips raisins into palm of Chimp Busboy who inetantly eats them before intently rejoining his Captain in a ‘WO SHOT, Chimp watches studicusly as Captain lights the crepes, The flames shoot toward the ceiling, and the Susboy, terrified, races for dear life past Mrs. Riley, Beau, Caesar and Armando toward the entrance.
5) 19) dialog: (hastily) He's a performing ape for my elrcus. The Policenian looks down at:
5) 25) dialog: That was unintentional, I assure you. But being sentimental about animals, I -- POLICEMAN 1. It didn't sound to me like your voice. Yell...'lousy human bastards.'
5) 26) dialog: That's not what I said.
5) 28) dialog: {quite loudly) Lousy human bastards!
5) 30) dialog: (yelling, in possible imitation of Caesar)
5) 34) dialog: (growing desperation) Officer, they're mistaken, I'll admit my behavior was inexcusable, and I'm deeply sorry, but --
5) 39) dialog: Yor a few seconds he is unaware that Caesar is no longer a: ris side. Then he turns, sees him stealing away, goes efter Bim. , 19
6) 0) text: Caesar enters the tunnel with Armando. Both are winded, preathing heavily. The tunnel is massively buttressed in bere concrete and sparsely illuminated. Faint street sounds can be heard through the air vents above them.. Armando glances fearfully over his shoulder.
6) 2) dialog: No, no. You only said aloud what. I was thinking.
6) 6) dialog: No, no. That's the first place they'11 look. Caesar watches Armando in helpless Bilence, while the latter ponders intently for a few moments.
6) 7) dialog: Here's what we'll do. I'll go to the police --
6) 9) dialog: It's the only way, my boy. I'll say I couldn't find you, that you've run away before, cities frighten. you --. ‘CAESAR
6) 10) dialog: You stay right here. If this works I'1] be back by nightfall.
6) 12) dialog: They will, they will. (pause) | But just in case...1f I'm not back by then... . (pointing into the darkness )} ‘This tunnel leads to the harbor. Ape shipments are frequently unloaded at night. You must try to infiltrate one of them -- Cont. 22 34 Cont,}
6) 13) text: {frightened} But, Armando, I --
6) 14) dialog: (presging on} Apes imported from overseas arrive naked, so you'l} have to get rid of those cicthes --+-
6) 16) dialog: We must have an alternative pian. Right now the only safe hiding piace for you is among your own kind. Caesar looks at Armando in silence, then nods in agreemen Armando pats him gently on the shoulder.
6) 17) dialog: I shouldn't be lung. Armando turns, moves back along the tunnel in the directi from which they originally came. Caesar watches until he is aut of sight, then huddles behind a buttress. For the first time in his life, Caesar is utterly alone... QUT = 30° 33
7) 7) dialog: Of course, but --
7) 12) dialog: (to Breck) But, Mr. Governor, you can't be serious.
7) 16) dialog: But every zoo in California --~ public or private ~- was searched by the police. And every circus -~ including my own.
7) 20) dialog: I wish I knew. I told you, I've Searched everywhere «~
7) 22) dialog: Yes, sir,
9) 37) dialog: (trying to rally) You told me yourself. The talking ape that was murdered --
9) 40) dialog: No...
9) 42) dialog: No! Me tries to sound emphatic, but we see the beginnings of terror in his eyes,
11) 0) text: Armando, now verging on complete exhaustion, is led in by a POLICEMAN, Kolp rises from behind his desk. Hoskyns stands nearby. Both men are smiling broadly. ‘KOLP We have good news for you, Senor Armando. . (warmly) Sit down, _ (to Policeman) That will be all. As the Policeman leaves, Armando lowers himself weakly into the chair.
11) 1) dialog: Good news?
11) 3) dialog: You ~-- you've found him?
11) 5) dialog: (half rising) Then,..I'm free to go? Meekyns picks up a sheet of paper and pen from the desk, @retfers them to Armando. .
11) 8) dialog: Certainly. the pen, inscribes hig signature, hande the back to Hoskyns. HOSKYNS . Excellent. Now we'li check this with the Aufhenticator and you can be on your way. .
11) 9) dialog: Anthenticator?
11) 11) dialog: What does...the Authenticator do?
11) 13) dialog: {in spite of himself} No, 50 CLOSE ON ARMANDO O«125 ferrified, he realizes what he has just said, and that he 13 heipless to resist the power of the Authenticater. Kolp teang forward, hia face close to Armando's.
11) 15) dialog: Nof I won't submit to thia.
12) 0) text: Caesar, broken-hearted, trudges aimlessly along the deserted street. He glances up, realizes he is in front of the closed bookshop which he and Armando visited on their first day in the city. Then his eye strays to a trash. container near the curb. Something familiar is sticking out. of it, Caesar crosses, extracts one of Armando's handouts, looks down at it.
12) 1) text: It reads: ‘“Armando's Old. Fashioned Circus" -- and shows Caesar riding the horse.