7) 4) dialog: But why did you say ‘human'? Human's an odd thing for another human to say. - ARMANDO . Mr, Governor, I didn't say 'human.!? I said ‘inhuman. | 'Lousy inhuman bastards.' And by the Blessed Saint Francis, who loved all animals, I meant it. (looking around) I run a circus. I --
7) 9) dialog: (turning) Or 50 it was believed, Mr, MacDonald, But since this morning I've been wondering whether it was the right baby. Armando looks bewildered.
7) 13) dialog: Let me remind you of the reasons why I can. Hoskyns, the cassette. Hoskyns slips a cassette into a desk video-set, during:
7) 14) dialog: This is a recording of the recommendations made to the then- President of the United States by the Chairman of the Presidential Commission. It's twenty years old and a bit scratchy, but you'll get the gist. | HOSKYNS. And perhaps stop leughing. He activates the video-set. The Chairman appears on the screen. We INTERCUT acreen with Armando, Breck, MacDonald Kolp, and Hoskyns.
7) 21) dialog: (impatiently) Senor Armande? (rising, coming around his desk) Let me try to impress upon you the seriousness of this problem. Your cirecvs travels mainly in the provinces, does it not?
7) 23) dialog: Then you are unaware of the rising “ide of disobedience ~- of downright defiance -- among the servant apes in Our cities, Cont. REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - L/e1/?2 A-38 Cart.
7) 25) dialog: | {angry} The ape that was killed while trying to escape from the city last night -- would you call his offense minor, Mr. MacDonald?
7) 27) dialog: He physically sasaulted his own master!
7) 30) dialog: We intend to. Meanmehile...you'll remain in custody. REVISED ~ "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - L/2t/T2 EXT. WAREHOUSE AREA ~ ADJACENT WATERFRONT « NIGHT 39 4n out-of-focus, migty oval LIGHT, set in a mess of blackness, clarifies itself -- into one terrified green EYE encased in dark fur, Cont. 26 ZOOMING OUT FURTHER, we find its owner is an 39 Con ORANGUTAN. FOLLOW with: SERIES OF SHOTS. ko VERY QUICK, VERY BIG CLOSEUPS of: GORILLAS and ORANGUTANS registering FEAR. Their mouths move constantly, quivering salivating: their eyes, frightened, dart thie way and tha and their faces - in their abject terror - grimace and contort into obscene images. STRANGE, METALLIC SOUNDS, and SUDDEN, INTERMITTENT FLASHE of HARSH LIGHT rake their faces, momentarily blinding the and adding to their fear, so that the incessant gibbering and grunting increase in volume. We WHIP PAN from one to the other, and back again with hand-held Camera - OBLIQUE ANGLES, occasional LENS DISTORTION, and MOOD LIGHTING heighten the nightmarish quality of this sequence. ZOOMING OUT STILL FURTHER we find that the half-crazed animals are behind bare, cramped into what appears (spacewise) a totally inadequate wooden crate or cage - and an exceedingly unatable cage at that. It WOBBLES and TILTS alarmingly, so that ita occupants, losing their balance, stumble and bump against one anothe slip and fall - in their pathetic efforts to retain balance, their arms flail wildly and dangerously, so that without intended malice, they hit one another with numero vicious punches. Thies results in several ugly brawls of short. duration, ‘but horrible bloodshed is not far away. Those who have fallen, trodden upon and kicked aside, clutch and clew at those who are nearest in their efforts to regain their feet. And as panic mounts, SNARLING turns to BITING:
10) 21) dialog: Change ‘unlikely! to ‘tmpoasible’ ang send it out over my signature. Assistant 1 turns to go as Assistant 2 appears at Breck's elbow. ASSISTANT ¢ Here's the latest 1.9. profile on &ll apes tested within the tast four weeks, It's risen by three and two-thirds points... “‘BRECK {annoyed} Show that to Mr. MacDonald, He thinks I'm imagining things. Assistant 2 turns with a smug grin, starts to hand the report to MacDonald, who waves it back.
10) 25) dialog: (waving the man aside} Later, later. He comes to a halt at the rope barrier, iooks toward the rostrum.
10) 26) dialog: Start the bidding. The Auctioneer nods. He waves a Female Chimpanzee forward 39
10) 37) dialog: watching, poker-faced. CUT TO;
10) 55) dialog: Euy him. — MACDONALD (calling out} Fifteen hundred. 42
10) 66) dialog: watching closely. Breck turne to the last assistant at hi agesk.
10) 67) dialog: That'll be all, We can go over this report later. The assistant withdraws.
10) 68) text: aware that Breck is watching him, puts down the decanter, picks up the soda bottle, presses down on the siphon, deliberately Pilling the glase to the top, and letting th contents overflow onto the bar.
10) 74) dialog: Mr. MacDonald, stop being so touchy. We've all been slaves at one time or another. I can trace my family back to Breckland in Suffolk, England. We were slaves, then. To the oddam French... giances at. Caesar) They're animals, What they need'a a firm hand. Rub his nose in it. MacDonald has started to empty a tray of ice cubes into a silver bucket with matching ice tongs. One of Breck'a ASSISTANTS enters during the last of Breck's previous speech, overhears and reacts to it.
10) 76) dialog: (whimsically). That might not be a bad idea. Up to a point, alcohol has a tranquilizing effect. (a wry shake of the head) No, I imagine their tolerance for whiskey, like their temper threshold, is dangerously low.
10) 79) dialog: Indéed it isn't, Mr. MacDonald, but mot because of your sof't-hearted reascns (to Assistant, . anncyed) inet! S always everyone's first “heveht. Recondition them! Cont.
10) 82) dialog: If we were to send every lousy ape that muffed an assignment or disobeyed an order back to reconditioning -- Ape Management would become impossibly overcrowded!
10) 87) dialog: Some of them couldn't be worse. I've been having a comprehensive list compiled... (stops, looks at . Assistant) What was it you wanted?
10) 92) dialog: it has. Don't worry, Mr, MacDonald. You'll be given full details. {he suiles at Caesar, waves an sdmonitory finger at him} Sa...we're going to set a goad example and recondition you ourselves, He turns to MacDonald.
10) 93) dialog: We haven't named him yet.
10) 95) dialog: Mr, MacDonald, I should like to maintain the charming tradition inaugurated in her lifetime by my wife... We moves ton bockshelf near the ber and peers up at: our 122- 123
10) 101) dialog: {reading} ‘Female. * . He puts it aside on the bar and peers at Volume I.
10) 102) dialog: {reading} ‘Male,* Another demonstration for Caesar: Breck opens the book at random; and, at random, stabs a forefinger on the open page. He does this twice, while Caesar attentively watches; then closes the book, hands it to Caesar, and momentarily turns his back to replace the unwanted Yolume II on the shelf. During these few seconds Caesar opens the book at an early page, rapidly flips over several more pages and {as Breck turns again from the gheit to wath Stabs his hairy forefinger on the open page. Breck peers down over Caesar's shoulder.
10) 108) dialog: ; (looking at Caesar} -etail him to the Command Post. Cant.
11) 24) dialog: I knew it! That circus owner was lying!
11) 31) dialog: Arrange for full distribution of the Achilles list immediately. Copies ta each police precinct including the perimeter stationa. Detaiis are left to the individual commanders, but I want every epe on that list rounded up and delivered to the reconditioning center by oh-aix-hundred tomorrow morning.
11) 33) dialog: The Achilles List, Mr. MacDonald -- referring to our enemy's Achilles? heel -~ contains the name of every ape who has within the last year been reported for an overt act of disobedience.
18) 0) dialog: There is a lock of half-admiring astonishment on his face
18) 1) dialog: Good God! We've had him under our nose all the time. CAMERA DRAWS BACK to reveal that Kolp and Hoskyns are present.
18) 3) dialog: You'll have it in writing, Kolp.
18) 5) dialog: (into intercom ae oe Mr. MacDonald -in the Command Center,
23) 11) dialog: (impatiently) It's simple enough, Mr. MacDonald. The ape has intelligence. When: he learned his friend Armando was dead, he assumed the man had first betrayed him under torture.
23) 34) dialog: More. H-17°. # to look at the switch as the Keeper shoves it another notch. ZOOM in for: our 173
23) 45) dialog: Well, there’s your proof! My God, it's incredible, but -- Bonmld, his back to Breck, is moving down the corridor. peakiy waves Breck off...
23) 51) dialog: We had to know! } » MACDONALD D-174 abe. shot. Despite his feignedly unsteady gait, we see ae Bt hie face tas a look of determination on it. Hehind Mito, ter making s silent gesture of contempt-cum-regret “ # turned to look back through the glasa panel int os. MacDonald, s quick glance over his shoulder, “ SOrner, starts swiftly down a haliway. Cont.
23) 67) dialog: He looks from Kolp to Caesar.
23) 71) dialog: No. He can't help what he is. (pause) But....looking at: him....it's like seeing a deadly bacillus... and knowing you've finally got it bottled up.
25) 0) text: Kelp joins Breck and they move along the corridor toward an intersecting passageway.
25) 1) dialog: Good work, Inspector.
25) 3) dialog: -'". afraid his tender sensibilities “aaldnit =. Cont. 67 A-180 Cont.
25) 7) dialog: (half-smile)} Ah, there you are,
25) 9) dialog: (not unkindly) It's over. Let's get back to work. He takes MacDonald by the arm. The three men move away along the corridor. We HOLD them receding, and: our 181- 183
28) 0) text: An atmosphere of tension. MacDonald and Breck are present the latter attended by some of his Assistants. Liga is also visible.
28) 1) dialog: (on. phone, sharply) Yes, Commander, I understand the situation. Assemble as large a force as you can and follow them. (hangs up) Order full mobilization of all security forces -- police, militia, and reserve defense units.
30) 6) dialog: That idiot! Get out a retraction ‘immediately. Announce that the talking ape has been apprehended and put to death! MacDonald nods, turns away.
32) 4) dialog: (raging) | Then why tn hell don*t I hear gunfire?
32) 38) dialog: {uncertainly} It may have turned them beck. Behind them, some of the MESSENGER APES who have become restive and unmanageable, are being disciplined with truncheons by the Guarda,
33) 17) dialog: a look of incredullty on his face. Caesart BRECK
33) 19) dialog: I saw you die}
33) 22) dialog: (quietly) Because your Kind were once our ancestors. Hecause Man was born of Apes, and there's still an ape curled up inside of every man. Youfre the beast in us that we have to whip into submission. You're the savage that we need to shackle in chains. You taint us, Caesar. You poison our guts. When we hate you, we're hating... the dark side of ourselves. Waeser's eyes blaze with anger. He gestures to some Apes behing him,
33) 23) text: fake him! WM apes rust forward to drag Breck out.
33) 46) text: SHOOTING from between Caesar and MacDonald into the squar Below them the square explodes in cries of stili unsurfei vengeance as Breck's twitching body finally falls limp and motionless under the lash. The screeching of the angry Apes grows louder as they lay about them with clubs and truncheons at the remaining humans in the square. ZOOM IN on the Apes' dark, demented faces in the glow of firelight. Their eyes gleam manically. The sound of their screaming intensifies, growing louder and louder, until 4t reaches a PEAK...and ends in an ABRUPT BLACKOUT and SILENCE.