0) 25) dialog: Did I do all right?
1) 2) dialog: But outside of you no one knows I even exist.
1) 4) dialog: What were you going to say?
1) 12) dialog: looks about the mali in growing shock. Armando notes his reaction. Cont. 7 A-20 Cont, OVER all this 4 loudspeaker is steadily BLARING announce- ments :
1) 16) dialog: looking at....
1) 18) dialog: turns to see,,, 8
1) 25) dialog: {a hoarse whisper} You said humans treated the apes like pets.
1) 27) dialog: They have made slaves .of them.
1) 33) dialog: It's manstrous. A POLICEMAN appears gome yards away behind them,
1) 35) text: Armando and Caesar approach an outdoor cafe where a group Of FEMALE HUMANS are seated around a table. LADY 1 clicks & thumb switch on her perspex cigarette ease, and out pop Cant. 10 I-20 Cont. & very slim pale green cigarette. In a flash a huge gorilla waiter (FRANK), with a tray in one hand, proffers his lighter with the other.
1) 41) text: (gently tugging Caesar's leash} No. After a moment's hesitation, Caesar "cringes" too, We PAN them to the entrance of the bookshop. Ahead of them, LISA, a female chimpanzee is entering the shop. 11
2) 0) text: Caesar and Armando enter the shop as Lisa goes up to the counter where a bespectacled LADY BOOKSELLER is seated. Standing patiently to one side and behind her is a male
4) 12) text: Beau tips raisins into palm of Chimp Busboy who inetantly eats them before intently rejoining his Captain in a ‘WO SHOT, Chimp watches studicusly as Captain lights the crepes, The flames shoot toward the ceiling, and the Susboy, terrified, races for dear life past Mrs. Riley, Beau, Caesar and Armando toward the entrance.
4) 15) dialog: His eyes harden in anger.
5) 16) dialog: He watches with an approving expression as MacDonald moves out of sight into the highrise. Handler 1 brutally jabs the needle into Aldo, who gives a wild yell of pain, resumes struggling. Once again Policeman 1 starts bludgeoning him,
5) 17) dialog: (exploding) — Lousy human bastards! As Aldo slumps unconscious to the ground under the effect of the injection, the Police and crowd, most of whose backs have been turned, whip around to see: Armando sweating; Caesar uncontrollably trembling. There is a moment. of silence.
5) 38) text: “Behind them, the drugged Aldo makes a final, violent eff to fling off his captors. The Handlers yell for help, end the two Policemen rush to their assistance. Caesar, after a moment's indecision, starts backing away through the crowd.
5) 42) dialog: He reaches a corner, turns it, treaks into a run. A second later Armando reaches the corner, sees Caesar running away, has no alternative but to run after him,
6) 0) text: Caesar enters the tunnel with Armando. Both are winded, preathing heavily. The tunnel is massively buttressed in bere concrete and sparsely illuminated. Faint street sounds can be heard through the air vents above them.. Armando glances fearfully over his shoulder.
6) 1) dialog: Armando, forgive me. I --
6) 3) dialog: I'm sorry. a ARMANDO I might have bluffed it through if you hadn't run. Now they suspect. you of understanding ail that was said.
6) 4) dialog: (like a child) ‘Let's go back to the circus. Cont.
6) 8) dialog: . (alarmed) No, no -=.
6) 11) dialog: | (pause) And what if you aren't? It's too risky, Armando. Suppose they don't let you go?
6) 15) dialog: But I don't want to --
7) 33) text: ZOOMING THROUGH THE BLACKNESS into a corner at the rear of the truck - we discover, crouched down low, Caesar - looking apprehensively up at: THE CAGE DESCENDING ky Its speed, size, and weight is highly alarming - especial to Caesar. . Just when it seems nothing can save Caesar from being _ crushed to death - he decides to make a last-second dash for it, and leap out the back of -the truck. But he nas left it too late. Halfway across the truck, Caesar realizes he cannot reach his objective ~ the bottom of the swiftly descending cege {is now but a few feet above him - and Caesar does the on thing left open to him. He hurls himself to the side, pressing himself flat again tne woodwork, Stmultaneously, the CAGE falls with a SICKENING THUMP - its outer edge misses decapitating Caesar by inches. Tne hysterical occupants squeal and gibber, and in. this confined space the ruckus is CHILLING, With no waste of time at all, the tailgate of the truck i hoisted into position. Again the CAGE trembles and shakes as the TRUCK atarte upon its journey. Gradually the grunts. squeals. and gibbertngs subside - 8 the occupants become aware of Caesar - and there is Something about Caesar which disturbs them. S-spiciously, one at a time, they gather at the bars of Lf cage,
7) 35) dialog: Pressed up against the side of the truck, and the cage. Caesar slips his hand through the bars, pulls back a bolt then another, entera the cage, and rebolts it. At this moment. the TRUCK now obviously traveling at spee (we never see outside and we follow its progress by the behavior of the cage) hits a large bump. This throws the “inmates” off balance again -- all except Caesar, who, of course, has hed the good sense to hang onto a bar, Caesar's face cannot help - albeit fleetingly - registeri @ modicum of contempt as he beholds his companions, sprawling grotesquely on the floor, CUT To:
9) 9) dialog: frozen to deadpan immobility. We PULL BACK to include Hendler 1 watching him, ag Caesar watches:
9) 23) dialog: staring back.
9) 29) dialog: He atiffens, realizing he may ‘have displayed too much intelligence.
10) 3) text: Apes being trained to put on their uniforma correctly. One Male puts his coat on back to front; another does jikewlse with his trousers, so that the fly 18 at the bac A Female puts her head into the sleeve hole of her unifor gets her head stuck, and blindly panics. ‘The INSTRUCTORS elways precede the correction of an error with a loud, firm "NO!" Hygiene Clsss. Apes line up behind a single wash besin whose faucets are foot-operated. Above it is 4 paper towel container, and below that is a waste basket. Apes wash and dry their hands, a8 we shall see later in their ‘wash room" scenes. One Ape dries his handa first and then washes them. INSTRUCTOR. No! Row Caesar correctly washes and dries his hands and face, and impresses the Instructor. Waiting-at-Tadle Class. An Ape pours iced water from a huge pitcher jug into a glass...and goes on pouring until the table is flooded,
10) 16) text: The Apes line up in front of these “apertures™ - and, prodded by their handlers, disappear inside. ANGLE ON CAESAR ile aS, om a prod from Handler 1, he enters his allotted “aperture”, He stares 0.8. at something: blinks, then shrugs witn s grin of resinanation, INT, "OPEN AIR” CELL 113 The object of Caesar's “attention™ is a (to him} voluptuo FEMALE CHIMPANZER -- and her attitude makes plain that she’s ready for festivities to begin,
10) 45) text: Caesar and:Handler 1 stand stationary on the dais, while Auctioneer goes into his “spiel”:
10) 63) dialog: MecDensld sets a decanter of whiskey, a bottle of soda water, and two glasses on the bar in front of Caesar.
10) 83) dialog: He looks sharply at Breck, transfixed by an idea. The ice cube drops from the tongs, skids across the bar, falls to the floor.
11) 25) dialog: At the words "circus owner” he looks up, startled. Lise, atanding nearby, notes his reactions end is puzzled, Caesar struggles to resume his impassive expression. T¥O SHOT - BRECK AND MACDONALD Ge125 etill reading the print-out.
12) 0) text: Caesar, broken-hearted, trudges aimlessly along the deserted street. He glances up, realizes he is in front of the closed bookshop which he and Armando visited on their first day in the city. Then his eye strays to a trash. container near the curb. Something familiar is sticking out. of it, Caesar crosses, extracts one of Armando's handouts, looks down at it.
12) 1) text: It reads: ‘“Armando's Old. Fashioned Circus" -- and shows Caesar riding the horse.
12) 2) dialog: As he looks at the handout, his grief turns to rage. He rips the handout in two, strides away into the darknes
12) 8) text: A bare, stone cellar with barred windows through which moonlight filters as we PAN a row of straw-stuffed mattresses where apes lie sleeping -- some soundly, some restlessly, some silently, some with little nightmare squeals and whimpers. There are also...grunts, which louden as we PAN past a neatly swept heap of orange and banana peel (we see the stacked broom) to...Aldo and his Cronies, squatting in a circle under a shaft or moonlight at the bed-row's end. Grunt, grunt, grunt. An eerie sound and an eerie sight, For they are conferrin Thev are in session. They are holding a meeting. Grunt, erent, grunt. Then, from nowhere, Caesar steps into the moonlight. CAESAR. Aldo. The #rurntine stops dead, as Aldo looks up -- at first transfixed and then transfigured. His eyes have teheld his lord, CUT TO:
13) 0) text: Cn the surface, the same nusy brightness as earlier -- excen®. 2S we watch, that little things are going wrong. Anc each time they do, Caesar, moving around in the area, is somewhere in shot -= "willing" the wrongdoer to misbehave. Trus: .
14) 0) text: Lisa, the pretty chimp, comes out with a new book ("Empress of Love") for her mistress; but after walking only three paces she sees Caesar, stops, drops the book . «walks on without it, cuT TO:
15) 0) text: foo early, yet, for clienta, The Chimp Busbey {who fled from the fiaming crepes in Scene 29} is laying a table when he becomes aware (tap, tap, tapi} of Caesar looking in from outside a window. Their eyes briefly meet. Then the Busboy snatches up two lethally serrated steak knives from his tray and surreptitiously pockets them.
16) 0) text: So dimly lit that, after the bright light of day, we can at first discern almost nothing...except the now familiar sound of (unfamillar) ORANGUTANS grunting "in session" +- a practice that must be spreading. The grunting stops, as Caesar enters and deposits his marketing bag (only) beside & 5mall white table and chair from which a female CHIMPANZEE CLEANER rises (setting aside her broom) at his approach. He hands her the kerosene can; and we PAN her past a row of wash basins -- each with a single. push-but faucet -- to the dark rear of the washroom. Here she thrusts the can through the first of a row of sprung door
16) 4) dialog: Seated at the Cleaner's table (with an authority that almost transorms it into a General's desk) he receives, from the four lined-up Orangutans, their red card shoppin Mists -- to each of which (having scrutinized it) he adds @ further, well-considered item. We MOVE IN CLOSER to @&@eh successive card till we can read the fourth one, @riginally ending: "Collect repaired Colt .45." Caesar @@4a: "100 rounds ammo for above." He dismissively @astures Orangutans to their outdoor duties.
16) 9) text: they cross with (entering) Chimp-Busboy, whom we Back into shot with Caesar. From his outer pockets proudly produces four steak knives; and from inside Waistband of his scarlet trousers -- with an assassin's eh: -- an immense butcher's carver, Caesar acknowl- a @Mit indicates: lam 159 Wee  e bo : Berane re Rees from Busboy and takes them through eoste-Scor, where she drops them into: 55
20) 16) dialog: (quietly) I. understand, Mr. MacDonald,
20) 19) dialog: Yes. I'm the one they're looking for.
21) 0) text: YacDonald is still staring at Caesar in astonishment.
21) 5) dialog: A hendful. But not most of them. They won't be kind until we force them to. And we can't do that until wetre free.
21) 7) dialog: By the only means left to us, Rebellion.
21) 9) dialog: Ferhaps -~ this time.
21) 11) dialog: Maybe.
22) 0) text: A "grunting session” between Orangutans and Gorillas is i progress. Caesar silences. them with an urgent gesture, then hunkers down in the group's center beside a patch of sawdust on the stone floor, and rapidly draws a sketch ma in the sawdust. He is giving his troops an Order of the © Day. He rises, points at the sketch, indicating with a grunt that the others should study it. They grunt affirm- atively, bend forward to look at the sketch, Caesar turns hurries out.
22) 1) text: ‘Caesrr comes outside, starts away, then sees a Policeman es apparently on routine patrol -- some yards away. Caesar calmly turns, starts off in another direction...an gees a Second Policeman. Still calm, Caesar makes off in a third direction..,and sights a Third Policeman. Then, imaitaneocusly, they move toward him. Realizing it is a sap, Caesar tries to dash by them. The three Policemer : atie him to the ground. As Kolp and Hoskyns appear | ma @ shadowy passageway and watch in silence, Caesar's aS anc feet are manacled. PAN away to nearby terrace, — which MacDonald is watching. Mh> APE MANAGEMENT - DAY (IRVINE) 168
23) 1) text: fhe air is loud with the grunting and the gibbering of overcrowded Afids in b.g. The apés become even more restless, and«agitated, as they see Caesar: it is as if they sense that their leader is about to be removed. PAN with Kolp, Hoskyns, e Guard, and Caesar as they step. up to a GLASS BOOTH - the FINGERPRINTING SECTION: While Cadsar has his fingerprints taken, Kolp moves quick across to @ small glass window and taps on 1t authorita- tively.
23) 7) text: Two POLICEMEN unshackle Caesar, while a THIRD POLICEMAN stands by ready to hold down Caesar's spread-eagled arms and legs so that KEEPER may flip a switch, which activate
23) 17) text: ihe KEEPER finishes wiring CAESAR with head electrodes, turns toward the glass panel.
23) 21) text: gazing back at Caesar, seeing the look of supplication in hia. eyes.
23) 40) dialog: Have pity... A SHOUT of elation goes up from the men in the cage. , FLASH CUT TO;
23) 42) dialog: gasps in relief, having seen it.
23) 56) text: It's amazing! Amazing! Make him say something else. (pause). Ask him.,..if he's.... . (fascinated) -.,capable of abstract. reasoning. Kolp turns toward Caesar.
23) 61) dialog: 
24) 14) dialog: He slumps into limp and surely mortal immobility. Keeper enters shot for a quick, preliminary glance at the body.
25) 11) text: In quick succession: A, Keeper disconnects the "dead" Caesar from his @lectrodes and clampa, B. Caesar rises from the dead, knocks Keeper out and connects him up only (since his victim is unconse fous } with the electrodes. C. Caesar throws lever switch to maximum. The restored current spectacularly induces the same arching of the back that Caesar previously mimicked. Only this time it is for real. . DB. In the ensuing ten seconds, Caesar calmly picks up his scarlet uniform from the floor. Arranging it carefully over one arm, he moves back to the switch and cuts off the current with his free hand. As Keeper slumps: E. Caesar walks quietly out of a cage that was never lacked anyway. It is an exit that Bond might have been proud of.
27) 0) text: CLOSE SHOTS: IN RAPID SUCCESSION. VERY BIG TIP oF BLACK FINGER pressing BUTTONS. INTERCUT (almost SUBLIMINAL FLASHES) - CELL DOORS B-192 swinging back, sliding open, etc. and APES emerging. ‘ZOOMING OUT we find CAESAR at the Communicaticn's C-192 Control Board - TWO OPERATORS lie battered on. the floor, another struggles weakly - hopelessly with @ growing mass of apes.
27) 4) dialog: (on P,A. System) We have fifty thousand dollars worth of apes in jeopardy. Get them out of here ~- alive!
30) 22) text: On wide lenses - heightens the macabre and very frighteni effect of Caesar's "Mob" as they surge forward -- and the SOUNDS that. issue from their blood-crazed throats are CHILLING in the extreme.
32) 14) dialog: clambering up the facade of a corner building to get a better view.
32) 24) dialog: (softly) Now. oe They dart silently into the main street, spreading out like skirmishers, racing unsuspectedly toward the ermored vehicles from the rear. ORE POLICEMAN A+236. turna at the last moment, sees them rushing toward him, fires blindly. The fire is returned by the Gorillas.
32) 29) dialog: {pointing dawn}. Now! Busboy hurls meat cleaver, which aplits hose in two.
32) 34) dialog: Re grimly reacts and waves his fast-moving commande group inte a side alley. Scattered shots follow then. Gorillas lift their guns to shoot back.
33) 3) dialog: Rocking out into the plaza and the clouds of tear gas Fees across it. He turns to the members of his née group, waves for their attention, pointing at
33) 4) dialog: Waten! Be: deeply, holds his breath for a few seconds, @heles. He points to them.
33) 5) dialog: Ba! he cts, Maes. r Apes inhale in unison with Caesar, who then lifts . tare eer Seliing them to: "Hold it!" They nod, He ? ites to follow hin, and dasnes into the plaza, ®r tne tuilding that houses the Command Past. GUT eu}.
33) 6) text: Running, dodging, Caesar and his commando group reach the safety of an entry ramp to the command post building. Gunfire cuts down one ape just before he reaches the ramp
33) 10) dialog: opens a circult-control box, rips out the wires.
33) 14) text: bleeding, is dragged, wild-eyed, before Caesar, WRo looks down at him.
33) 18) dialog: {mock bow} Your servant. Your creature. Your animal.
33) 20) dialog: The King is dead. Long live the King! Tell me, Breck, before you dle ~ how co we differ from the dogs and cats that you and your Kind used to love? Why aid you turn us from pets into slaves? uF
33) 27) dialog: Gazing down from a parapet that overlooks the orgy of violence in the square. Below, the steady crack of the whip can be heard. MacDonald, hands manacled, stands next to Caesar.
33) 29) dialog: {coldly} In your view or mine?
33) 31) dialog: By the slave's right to punish his persecutors.
33) 37) dialog: Do you think it could be worse?
33) 39) dialog: {cutting in) | By tomorrow it will be too iate! If a small, mindleas insect iLike an Emperor Moth can communicate with another over a distance of elghnty miles, can't you see Chat --~
33) 41) dialog: Slightly? What we have done today, every ape in the five continents of Earth wili de imitating tomorraw.
33) 43) dialog: Where's there’s fire, there's smoke. And in the smoke, from this day forward, my people will crouch and conspire and plot and plan against tn inevitable day of Man‘s downfall: “i day when you finally and self- “se tructively turn your weapons Sots “9.58% your own kind. Cont.
33) 46) text: SHOOTING from between Caesar and MacDonald into the squar Below them the square explodes in cries of stili unsurfei vengeance as Breck's twitching body finally falls limp and motionless under the lash. The screeching of the angry Apes grows louder as they lay about them with clubs and truncheons at the remaining humans in the square. ZOOM IN on the Apes' dark, demented faces in the glow of firelight. Their eyes gleam manically. The sound of their screaming intensifies, growing louder and louder, until 4t reaches a PEAK...and ends in an ABRUPT BLACKOUT and SILENCE.