7) 6) dialog: From twenty years back. BRECK. (quiet, measured) The year. Senor Armando, when the two Talking Apes arrived on Earth -- and conceived a baby, whose survival could have threatened the future of the human race, You remember?
7) 11) dialog: (meaningfully) Cr a cireus. Cont. 23 A-38 Cont.] Armando laughs incredulously. They wait for him to finish There is a long, ominous pause..
9) 36) dialog: (pouncing) I thought you didn't know him?
11) 0) text: Armando, now verging on complete exhaustion, is led in by a POLICEMAN, Kolp rises from behind his desk. Hoskyns stands nearby. Both men are smiling broadly. ‘KOLP We have good news for you, Senor Armando. . (warmly) Sit down, _ (to Policeman) That will be all. As the Policeman leaves, Armando lowers himself weakly into the chair.
11) 6) dialog: (smoothly) As soon as you sign this sworn declaration, —— | ARMANDO arat does it say? Cont. fie takes document 49 C-325 Cont.
16) 14) dialog: Okay. Intrigue me.
16) 16) dialog: 8a?
20) 1) text: Kolp and Hoskyns, accompanied by two POLICEMEN, come out of an elevator, cross the terrace -- still high up in the building -- and step onto a descending escalator.
22) 1) text: ‘Caesrr comes outside, starts away, then sees a Policeman es apparently on routine patrol -- some yards away. Caesar calmly turns, starts off in another direction...an gees a Second Policeman. Still calm, Caesar makes off in a third direction..,and sights a Third Policeman. Then, imaitaneocusly, they move toward him. Realizing it is a sap, Caesar tries to dash by them. The three Policemer : atie him to the ground. As Kolp and Hoskyns appear | ma @ shadowy passageway and watch in silence, Caesar's aS anc feet are manacled. PAN away to nearby terrace, — which MacDonald is watching. Mh> APE MANAGEMENT - DAY (IRVINE) 168
23) 1) text: fhe air is loud with the grunting and the gibbering of overcrowded Afids in b.g. The apés become even more restless, and«agitated, as they see Caesar: it is as if they sense that their leader is about to be removed. PAN with Kolp, Hoskyns, e Guard, and Caesar as they step. up to a GLASS BOOTH - the FINGERPRINTING SECTION: While Cadsar has his fingerprints taken, Kolp moves quick across to @ small glass window and taps on 1t authorita- tively.