7) 5) dialog: (overlapping) We know that.
7) 10) dialog: The apes could have switched their baby for one stolen from the zoo.
7) 17) dialog: {consulting file) Where they found a baby chimpanzee.
7) 19) dialog: Where is he now?
9) 35) dialog: Have you ever seen this: ape before? ARMANDO. (weakly) Isn't it...Cornelius?
9) 38) dialog: Exectited.,,. Hoskyns, with his other hand, shoves the “handout" pictur of Caesar riding his horse in the circus.
9) 41) dialog: (hard) Like father, like son?
11) 0) text: Armando, now verging on complete exhaustion, is led in by a POLICEMAN, Kolp rises from behind his desk. Hoskyns stands nearby. Both men are smiling broadly. ‘KOLP We have good news for you, Senor Armando. . (warmly) Sit down, _ (to Policeman) That will be all. As the Policeman leaves, Armando lowers himself weakly into the chair.
11) 2) dialog: You are to be released. Inspector Hoskyns and I have become convinced that your ape is not the child of the two. talking chimpanzees,
11) 4) dialog: No, but we're sure he'll] turn up eventually. I hope you'll excuse the inconvenience we've caused you, but... (an apologetic gesture) ee it was unavoidable.
11) 7) dialog: Only what you've been telling us all along. That your circus ape is incapable of human speech, and hes never to your knowledge uttered a aingle word,
11) 10) dialog: Purely a formality. Sit where you are. It won'e take a moment. He reaches for a p&nel on his desk, flipa a awitch. The lights dim. Qutside, visible through the window, a few lighted windows can be seen in the highrise building across the plaza, Kolp flips another switch, and two narrow beams. of viclet light shoot down from the celling converging diagonally on Armando's head.
11) 12) dialog: Make people tell the truth, It's quite painless, {quickly} For example, you said you firat heard the name Cornelius in this office. Is that true?
11) 14) dialog: {understanding}! y} There, you see, You had heard it somewhere elise and Just forgot. Tt's not a damaging point. {picks up the paper} wor, a& to your declaration under path that the circus ape is incapable of Ruman speech -< Armando, with a supreme effort, leaps {o hia feet, out from between the converging rays of light.
11) 18) dialog: Sit down!
11) 20) dialog: {to Hoskyns)} Seize nin {yelling} Suara! Wekyns tries to pin Armendo'ts arma, but the latter wrest , tums to run. The door flies open and the Policemen waters. Armando veers off, hesitates, and once again is Pawced on from behind by Hoskyna. As the two men struggie Policeman joins in, trying to get a hammerlack on $reanéo. Ina frenzy, Armando wrenches loose, flung forward by the strength of his effort, he screams aa pe Wastes through the window.
16) 13) dialog: (complacent) Sort of. Ape Management Computer's coughed up an intriguing error. He pauses - On purpose,
16) 15) dialog: Shipment five-oh-seven I-~-for- Indonesia ex Borneo comprised three Orangutans and one Chimpanzee.
16) 17) dialog: So there are no Chimpanzees in Bornes. HTERCM buzzes. Kolp answers it: Yes? KOLP e87
16) 19) dialog: Keep trying! [t's urgent! He flips off intercom. Our 162
18) 2) dialog: Just. one thing, sir. I'm quite willing to execute the ape immediately, on your verbal order alone --
18) 4) dialog: Thank you, sir. However, supposing he can talk, but won't? “BRECK: I don't. understand, - . HOSKYNS. What the Chief Inspector means, Sir, is that there'd still be — @ doubt. If his mouth stays shut, the case stays open. We'd like to close the file. ‘BRECK You. will, gentlemen. 1 promise you, Wea anars on the INTERCOM,
20) 1) text: Kolp and Hoskyns, accompanied by two POLICEMEN, come out of an elevator, cross the terrace -- still high up in the building -- and step onto a descending escalator.
21) 17) text: Go! hesitates, races back along the passageway, disappears @® corner, MacDonald turns, listening as the footsteps & few moments later, Kolp, Hoskyna and the men appear,
21) 18) dialog: Ah, Mr. MacDonald. We have orders from the Governor to take the ape, Caesar, into custody. Cont.
21) 22) dialog: He's not in the Command Post?
22) 1) text: ‘Caesrr comes outside, starts away, then sees a Policeman es apparently on routine patrol -- some yards away. Caesar calmly turns, starts off in another direction...an gees a Second Policeman. Still calm, Caesar makes off in a third direction..,and sights a Third Policeman. Then, imaitaneocusly, they move toward him. Realizing it is a sap, Caesar tries to dash by them. The three Policemer : atie him to the ground. As Kolp and Hoskyns appear | ma @ shadowy passageway and watch in silence, Caesar's aS anc feet are manacled. PAN away to nearby terrace, — which MacDonald is watching. Mh> APE MANAGEMENT - DAY (IRVINE) 168
23) 1) text: fhe air is loud with the grunting and the gibbering of overcrowded Afids in b.g. The apés become even more restless, and«agitated, as they see Caesar: it is as if they sense that their leader is about to be removed. PAN with Kolp, Hoskyns, e Guard, and Caesar as they step. up to a GLASS BOOTH - the FINGERPRINTING SECTION: While Cadsar has his fingerprints taken, Kolp moves quick across to @ small glass window and taps on 1t authorita- tively.
23) 2) dialog: (as window is flung up) This is ‘special. We want a ‘Not Cage cleared for about twenty minutes,
23) 4) dialog: He probably will. That's why we want it cleared. OUT B-168. 170 curt. TO;
23) 23) dialog: Now. The Keeper advances the switch -- which Caesar is now. watching -- and this time the WALL SPEAKER does not sav . t saya:
23) 56) text: It's amazing! Amazing! Make him say something else. (pause). Ask him.,..if he's.... . (fascinated) -.,capable of abstract. reasoning. Kolp turns toward Caesar.
23) 57) dialog: You heard the Governor. CAESAR ‘P-174 etares back in silent defiance. CcuUT TO:
23) 66) dialog: We can always '‘persuade' him.
24) 5) dialog: Not quite. He opens his briefcase, produces an imposing document which he displays for the Keeper:
24) 6) dialog: I have authority from the Governor for this animal to be destroyed.
24) 8) dialog: No, He's wired for electrocution, isn't he? KEEPER. Yes.
24) 9) dialog: Then electrocute him. Reeper looks up inquiringly at Breck who 1s staring down fhrough the panel. Breck nods.
24) 10) dialog: Now. Meorer chrows switch to maximum, over a:
25) 2) dialog: (a knowing smile) what happened to your...Mr. MacDonald?