38) 0) text: And pushes the button for the BASEMENT. The elevator lurc The Assistant Planetship seizes the opportunity to...
38) 1) dialog: I'm sure you'll find it interesting to know, sir, that we were able to use the planet's indigenous power-generation systems. That way we didn't have to build our own. It was actually my idea. (basks in the glory of) And unless I'm mistaken, my idea has already saved the corporation well over six-hundred thousand credits--
38) 3) dialog: «.Sir?
79) 0) text: The remains of a sizable meal are scattered over a giant to a steel slab, where the ASSISTANT PLANETSHIP partakes A door bursts open and Ker marches inside and salutes.
79) 2) dialog: You tell Terl, that unlike ‘certain individuals', I hold an important job. So next time he has a request, have him send it through proper channels instead of disturbing me when I'm busy. Ker nods, then trots out with the signed form. The Assist Planetship scratches himself, then returns to his snooze.
81) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship finishes a pan of kerbango when more pans of the narcotic root are placed in front of him
82) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship, now smashed out of his mind, st into his room to sleep off the kerbango... '
83) 0) text: A recording of the Assistant Planetship plays on.a monito
83) 1) dialog: You tell Terl, that unlike ‘certain ' individuals', I hold an important job-- Ker watches as Terl pauses the recording, then expertly i the Assistant Planetship's voice:
84) 0) text: Terl masterfully applies prosthetics »nd make-up to his f thickening his eye bones and darkening the fur on his che Until if we didn't know it was Terl, we'd swear it was th Assistant Planetship.
85) 0) text: Terl, disguised as the Assistant Planetship, shakes his h
120) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship doesn't have to act. He is shock
120) 3) dialog: Why the hell would I want to do that?! Terl slips a disc into a machine, playing a recording of.
121) 0) text: Terl, convincingly disguised as the Assistant Planetship, in with a conspiratorial whisper to the Research Clerk.
122) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship shakes his head, pointing to the ) who looks just like him on the monitor.
122) 1) dialog: , That's not me! I never said that!
123) 0) text: Terl, in the guise of the Assistant Planetship, looks aro making sure no one's listening, before ‘confiding’...
126) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship stands alone in front of a door Planetship's office. He nervously calls down the hall--
126) 1) dialog: But what if there js a door-bomb? Terl, Ker and the Planetship watch from behind a protecti shield positioned a safe distance down the corridor.
126) 3) dialog: I didn't. But maybe someone else did!
126) 5) dialog: See, I told you I didn't put a-- A flash of light and a deafening blast as a CATACLYSMIC E blows the Assistant Planetship and much of the hall into