6) 9) text: CARLO (cont'd) We mean you no harm, if you mean us no Jonnie slowly lowers his weapon, but remains on guard. Rock silently directs his partner's attention to--
6) 11) dialog: You have been fortunate in the hunt. You should thank the gods.
7) 0) text: Jonnie hands strips of dried meat to Carlo and Rock, who veverently bow their heads, holding the food up to the he
7) 1) dialog: The monsters like to hunt in the dark. We better find shelter...
10) 0) text: Our trio head into a department store, but Carlo and Rock their tracks with sickened expressions.
10) 1) dialog: «Whatever those poor bastards did, they must have really angered the gods. Rock silently nods, appalled by the sight of-- MANNEQUINS lying broken on the floor. Many of these ‘froz people’ missing limbs, not to mention their genitalia. Ne Jonnie stands, curious, in front of a large plate-glass w makes up an entire wall. Outside, he can see the snow fal when he tries to touch it, an ‘invisible force’ keeps sto
16) 0) text: An icy wind blasts through the cage. But the cold is the Jonnie's concern as he spots Carlo lying motionless in th A pair of young, scrappy-looking twins, MICKEY and SAMMY, a reassuring look. They shout to be heard over the howlin
23) 0) text: Jonnie experiments with removing his own tube... But he i has trouble breathing. Eyes going glassy. He replaces the fast as he can. Carlo gives him a pointed look.
26) 0) text: Jonnie studies the monsters closely, but from his P.O.v., hears is an unintelligible machine-like clicking sound of alien language. He turns a questioning eye to Carlo...
27) 0) text: And even though Jonnie doesn't know what the Psychlos are about, he knows one thing. They're not paying him any att So he moves like a streak out the cage door. Carlo right
28) 0) text: But the wrangler isn't about to lose any more of his ‘car whirls, snatching Jonnie, then lunges for Carlo-- But Carlo manages to twist out of reach of the creature's sprint away through the warehouse. The wrangler pulls his PSYCHLO CLERK . Don't kill it! . We can't use it if it's’ dead-- . The wrangler gives him a snide, ‘How stupid do you think look. Jonnie watches from the ground as-- The Psychlo slides a lever above the blast-gun's trigger- into an up position, then takes aim and FIRES-- Carlo is knocked flat as the blue-bolt slams into him. Hi lies motionless, but intact, on the ground. The Psychlo holsters his fire-arm and scoops up Jonnie. S to toss him back into the cage but-- ident li he! 1 i esi é hi Jonnie has the weapon. And is pointing it straight at him wrangler sniggers. The same reaction from the other Psych It's like a ‘horse’ has somehow picked up a gun with its Only, Jonnie slides the weapon's lever into the gown-posi The wrangler is no longer laughing. He reaches down, coax Jonnie as if he was some kind of errant pet...
41) 0) text: Jonnie, Carlo and the rest of the new ‘abductees’ are iss baskets and shoved into line with the rest of the slaves. Concerned by his friend's battered condition, Carlo admon There's no point in trying to fight these things. At least not if you want to keep on living.
44) 0) text: Jonnie, Carlo and several dozen men crowd around a small GAS TRUCK pulls up. A Psychlo guard inserts the truck's g through the bars, but instead of pumping out petrol... The hose discharges a green sludge-like food substance in trough. Jonnie starts over to the ‘dinner', but is stoppe FLOYD, a hulking brute of a man almost as large as a Psyc
58) 0) text: Ker barges into the cage, and without warning, throws Jon Carlo and Floyd into a-- TRANSPORTABLE CARGO CAGE. Mickey and Sammy, trying to stay close to Jonnie, start t scramble into the cage, but Ker swats them away.
65) 8) text: Our best chance of hiding is up in the tree-line. We'll look for food there-- Carlo hates to take Floyd's side, but...
65) 9) dialog: If I don't eat now, I'm not sure I'm going to make it to the tree line. Jonnie starts to respond, but one look at Carlo and Floyd it's clear they're both on the brink of exhaustion.
68) 0) text: Carlo and Floyd rip branches from the Christmas tree for
75) 0) text: Jonnie takes off on a dead sprint, going like hell for th the cliff. Carlo looks away, can't bear the sight. Jonnie doesn't let-up. In fact, he goes faster. Every mus straining as he races straight for the edge and--
87) 0) text: Ker hands’ Psychlo-sized paint-brushes to Carlo, the twin WEYWOOD, an older man with a friendly face.
89) 0) text: A somber Psychlo war song plays from speakers as Carlo, H and the twins paint the walls a fresh coat of purple. Terl happily hums along to the music as he attaches some RED-SQUARE to a choke collar. Ker is camped-out at his ow looking through some holographic pornography.
91) 1) dialog: Told you your attitude was going to get you into trouble. That's why the monsters singled you out for the torture machine.
91) 4) dialog: It's a god-machine that the monsters must have stolen. It makes you know things.
92) 0) text: In the corner of the cage, out of view of the others, Jon a stick to fervently work out mathematical equations in t Carlo, Heywood and the twins watch, trying to make sense foreign symbols. :
94) 2) dialog: You don't think...? Jonnie digs through Terl's desk, coming up with a FORM.
96) 0) text: Terl and Ker march past Heywood, Carlo and the twins, who busy painting the walls, and head straight into...
99) 0) text: Carlo, Heywood and the twins watch with concern as Terl d Jonnie by a leash across the street and up marble steps. ©
107) 3) dialog: What are you doing? Let the bear rip him to shreds-- Jonnie raises the weapon on Terl, who bloodied and bruise himself up and gives Jonnie a friendly smile.
107) 7) dialog: (now understanding) You're right. It's better we kill him. And for the first time, there is_terror in Terl's eyes. H himself, waiting for the shot. He doesn't have to wait lo
107) 13) dialog: What are you waiting for?! Kill him!
107) 19) dialog: There's nothing we can do about them. (resigned) Only the Gods can free them.
107) 21) dialog: «What are you talking about?
107) 25) dialog: How the hell are we going to fight them? i SS I
107) 27) dialog: +--Which is why we have to go back. Terl watches as the damnedest thing happens... Jonnie turns to him, returning the gun to him, explaining
133) 0) text: Jonnie is back to sitting alone with a despondent look. Carlo and Mickey slowly approach. Nothing is said for the longest time. And finally, Jonnie looks up at Carlo.
133) 2) dialog: You didn't kill them.
133) 6) dialog: This isn't just about you. Remember what Heywood said. It's about all of us...
133) 9) dialog: Look around. This ain't exactly living. And even if we could escape and go back to our villages, we'd always be looking over our shoulder, waiting to be hunted down by the monsters. (pointed) And that ain't exactly living either.
138) 0) text: Everyone in Jonnie's cage crowds around him as he draws l in the dirt, teaching the others to read and write. Jonni passes the stick to Carlo, who carefully starts to write of his own.
146) 6) dialog: And .sorry, pal, we'd love to fill you in, but we don't have a lot of time-- The rogue sizes up Jonnie and the rest of the men, then n he's reached some important decision, and returns Jonnie'
147) 0) text: The cargo aircraft lands on top of the shopping mall wher and Carlo were first captured by the Psychlo wrangler. Jonnie and a small group of men emerge and race inside th Jonnie and a group of his men move through the store, sca WALKIE-TALKIES and RECHARGEABLE. BATTERIES, while-- . .
148) 0) text: i i ini i id our guys Jonnie lands the cargo-aircraft at the mining site, an now including MASON, begin hauling the equipment into the of a cave. Carlo looks up from the list he's been studying with a wo expression--
148) 1) dialog: If we work around the clock, we'll be lucky to mine enough gold to fill half ' that cage... There's no way we're going to be able to do that and get all this stuff done we need for the revolt.
151) 0) text: Carlo and a third squad scrounge up supplies, including S THIN WIRE.
154) 0) text: Jonnie pilots the aircraft. Carlo is in the navigator's s Behind him, Mickey shakes his head--
161) 4) dialog: An island in what used to be the country of Pennsylvania...
161) 7) text: Carlo and Mickey don't understand. Jonnie explains...
163) 1) dialog: -..You sure we're going to be able t get through this? Jonnie and Mickey fire-up a Psychlo LASER-DRILL.
166) 15) dialog: We lost the lode.
169) 1) dialog: So, if we don't give him the rest of the gold in seven days, he'll kill us. But if we do give him the gold...
169) 3) dialog: Which means he'll kill us. But Jonnie doesn't look the least bit concerned.
169) 9) text: All eyes spin to Carlo, who gives a confident thumbs-up.
169) 10) dialog: Piece-of-cake!
169) 13) dialog: Plus, I'll be flying overhead, raining explosives down on the bastards.
171) 0) text: Mickey restlessly pokes around, exploring the classroom a and Carlo huddle over a tech-manual. The nuclear warhead sits on a table in front of them.
173) 0) text: With the nuclear warhead now partially dismantled, Jonnie Carlo carefully remove a lead plate with surgical precisi
173) 2) dialog: What's the auto-sensor look like?
173) 4) dialog: And if we touch this auto-sensor?
194) 0) text: Carlo lands the aircraft on the apex of the dome and jump with an armful of EXPLOSIVES.
201) 0) text: BLASTER-FIRE screams all around Jonnie, pinning him down Carlo's voice suddenly comes over the radio--
202) 0) text: Carlo finishes planting five sets of explosives in a DIAM SHAPE around the dome's apex, when he whirls as-- A PSYCHLO CRAFTlLands on the dome behind him.
202) 2) dialog: Okay, But Don't Make It Too Long! I've Got Company Up Here-- EXT. TELEPORTATION FIELD —- CONTINUOUS The three Psychlo Guards run from cover to cover, working way to set-up a cross-fire on Jonnie. From one of their r
210) 1) text: Carlo, who is forced to dive back into his own--
211) 0) text: And take off. One hand gripping a DETONATOR, Carlo watche Psychlos move to investigate the explosives set around th apex below.
211) 1) dialog: If I Don't Blow The Dome Now, I‘m Not Going To Be Able To--
214) 0) text: Carlo hits the detonator--
218) 0) text: Carlo pilots the aircraft, sending it screaming full-spee for the spider-web of cracked glass surrounding the dome'
221) 0) text: Carlo tries to reverse the aircraft, but the engine impot grinds, mortally damaged in the collision. The TORTURED SCREAMS of people dying below can be heard o radio. And Carlo knows he has no choice... Be reaches behind him to an impressive collection of EXPL DEVICES and grabs a GRENADE, pulling the pin.
221) 1) dialog: The dome will be blown in five...four... He tosses the grenade back with the other explosives and ahead with grim determination, continuing the countdown t ath.
221) 2) dialog: Three... Two... One--