2) 1) dialog: Sits waiting for him on her horse, which like Windsplitte loaded with an animal-skin sleeping roll and kill-clubs. Jonnie smiles, impressed by Chrissy's mettle. But shakes head. :
2) 3) dialog: This was given to me by my father when he died. He received it from his father. (trying to hold back the emotions) I'm not giving it to you. I'm lending it. So, you better not let anything happen to you out there...
2) 4) text: . The young ones obediently stop at the bridge. They will She places the medallion around his neck, their bodies cl not touching. So much not being said... The tribe's children race alongside Jonnie, excited by th adventure he's going on. But secretly terrified by the de they've been taught awaits him... cross it. But Jonnie does, leaving the’tribe behind. Chrissy's mask starting +o crack as she watches him disap The first of the tears escaping down her cheeks. |
32) 0) text: A PSYCHLO TECHNICIAN, wearing rubber gloves and a germ ma face, uses laser-scissors to cut the animal skins off of The skins get tossed into an INCINERATOR. The technician reaches over and yanks Chrissy's medallion from Jonnie's Jonnie tries to grab it back, but the technician swats hi like he was an insect, then holds up the object to see wh so damn important to the man-animal... And we can now see Chrissy's ‘shiny’ medallion is a SILVE
50) 0) text: The setting sun casts a shadow over CHRISSY, who sits on keeping a hopeful eye on the far side of the ravine. We g feeling she spends a lot of time on that rock, watching a A WITHERED HAND grips her shoulder. She turns around to f Parson, who gives Chrissy a concerned look--
52) 0) text: Under the glow of first-light, Chrissy rides Windsplitter
108) 3) text: TERL (cont'd) The Chinkos were the ones who designed the Learning Machine. They were far ~ . more advanced than you rat-brains. And _ when they tried to revolt, we sent down ( ? our gas drones, and within minutes every ~ last one of them was exterminated. (sure of this) So get it through your little excuse for a brain. There is no way a species as primitive as yours could ever defeat us. He lets Jonnie chew on that for a beat, then concedes... TERL (cont.'d) But you were right about one small thing. If you refuse to mine the gold, I may not have enough time to train anyone else. Which is why it is imperative that you are properly motivated-- A SECOND Mark II Ground Car pulls up. Ker emerges from th vehicle and opens the trunk, pulling out-- ' CERISSY. Relief floods her eyes when she sees Jonnie. At least he' But as hard as it is to do, Jonnie gives Chrissy an emoti vacant look. like she means nothing to him { ) sO And Chrissy senses enough to duplicate this look. ! Jonnie very closely. .
176) 0) text: As Jonnie leads Ker to the cage, Chrissy holds up the DIS
177) 0) text: CHRISSY immediately hands the disc to someone in her cage turns hands it off to another person, this continues unti The disc reaches someone at the edge of the cage, who pit
181) 0) text: Ker uses a special tool to remove the explosive collar fr Chrissy's neck, then trades the collar for the disc.
181) 4) dialog: Won't the monster in charge be able to see I'm no longer wearing the collar.
181) 6) dialog: I know you don't believe in fate, but I've always known you were destined to do something great...
181) 8) text: . JONNIE (cont'd) And we need to do this not only for our own freedom, but for the possibility of a life for the children. Chrissy looks at him and starts to ask something, but doe He returns her look, clarifying... JONNIE (cont'd) A life for our children. (quickly adds) Of course, only if you'd be willing to take an ‘arrogant greener’ as your husband.
181) 9) dialog: I don't know... (warm smile) I think I could live with that. They embrace. Each of them knowing it might be the last t
189) 0) text: Join the steady flow of other Psychlos responding to the But no one's in too big of a rush. It's just a man-animal EXT. CIVIC CENTER PARK -—- A LITTLE LATER Chrissy and the escaped humans watch as the Psychlos move them with ROPES, ELECTRIC PROD-STICKS, and NETS.
217) 0) text: A collective roar of enthusiasm goes up from the Psychlos orders are relayed. They toss down their nets and ropes a their blasters, setting them into KILL-POSITION, then-- Eire_on the unarmed humans. Chrissy urgently pulls her ra
220) 0) text: The blood bath continues as the Psychlos blast down the u humans like targets in some amusement park game. Chrissy desperately grabs a BRANCH from the ground and th like a kill-club-- The impact knocks the Blaster-Gun out of the paw of a Psy who is surprised a man-animal was able to do that... Let alone a female man-animal. Chrissy and the Psychlo bo for the weapon.
223) 0) text: Chrissy is under intense fire from all directions. She's back against a side of the building, trapped as the Psych move in for the kill, firing relentlessly at her, when fr A sky-full of snowflake-sized pieces of glass rain down, shimmering like ethereal spirits dancing in the night air But as beautiful as it is, the result is deadly to the Ps Without breath-masks, they drop to the ground, convulsing
225) 0) text: The rest of Jonnie's men grab the weapons from the now de and join Chrissy in taking position to ambush the second
240) 0) text: An aircraft lands at the fort, and Jonnie and Chrissy eme Mason, sporting a finely-crafted wooden leg, steps up to
241) 0) text: Mason leads Jonnie and Chrissy down a long armored hallwa through a thick vault door, to where--
242) 5) dialog: We all do...