44) 0) text: Jonnie, Carlo and several dozen men crowd around a small GAS TRUCK pulls up. A Psychlo guard inserts the truck's g through the bars, but instead of pumping out petrol... The hose discharges a green sludge-like food substance in trough. Jonnie starts over to the ‘dinner', but is stoppe FLOYD, a hulking brute of a man almost as large as a Psyc
44) 1) dialog: You're new, so let me explain how things work. I eat first. Then my men eat. His GANG steps forward. All big and dangerous looking.
45) 0) text: The Psychlo finishes discharging the food and retracts th From his P.O.V., Jonnie and Floyd's confrontation is unin like animals "talking" to each other in a z00, as...
46) 0) text: With his gang backing him up, Floyd explains to Jonnie--
46) 2) dialog: After we're done, if there's any food left, you can have it with the others. Given how malnourished the ‘others’ look, it doesn't appe there's usually much food left.
58) 0) text: Ker barges into the cage, and without warning, throws Jon Carlo and Floyd into a-- TRANSPORTABLE CARGO CAGE. Mickey and Sammy, trying to stay close to Jonnie, start t scramble into the cage, but Ker swats them away.
61) 0) text: Our guys huddle in their jackets as the cold Colorado air through the cage. Floyd shrugs, guessing...
61) 1) dialog: «Must be a mining site out here. Carlo looks to Jonnie for his take on the situation. But Jonnie's attention turns to the cargo cage door as-- The truck hits a small bump, causing the door to swing op crack, betraying that it's not locked.
65) 0) text: Our guys make it up over a small rise, where Floyd sudden hopeful eye at a CABIN-LIKE BUILDING half-buried up ahead
65) 1) dialog: Might be some food in there.
65) 3) dialog: We gotta eat. fi j
65) 8) text: Our best chance of hiding is up in the tree-line. We'll look for food there-- Carlo hates to take Floyd's side, but...
67) 1) dialog: What is it-=
68) 0) text: Carlo and Floyd rip branches from the Christmas tree for
68) 2) dialog: We don't have a choice. We gotta cook the rats--
73) 2) dialog: What the hell do we do now?! “CARLO Don't even think about it-- This is directed at the look in Jonnie's eyes as he stare the gorge... CARLO (cont'd) There's no way you're going to make that jump! And in fact, the far side of the ravine does seem like an long distance away. But Jonnie backs up, getting as much room as possible.
78) 2) dialog: Screams in helpless anguish as he plunges to his death.