1) 0) text: The parson shakes his head as Jonnie secures an animal-sk roll and extra kill-clubs to his snow-white horse, WINDSP i. PARSCN STAFFER This is not what your mother wanted. The parson's ancient face burns with religious fury as he his stare into Jonnie.
1) 1) dialog: My mother wanted what was best for the tribe. And as long as we stay here, there will barely be enough to eat.
1) 4) text: JONNIE (cont'd) While there may be other places we could | live where the food is more plentiful.
1) 6) dialog: Have you ever seen a monster? He turns to the rest of the clan, challenging-- JONNIE (cont'd) Has anyone here ever seen a monster? And if he has any doubt in his voice, Jonnie does a good hiding it. He hops onto Windsplitter and takes off--
2) 0) text: Jonnie heads down the hill, turning a bend, where--
2) 2) dialog: . (finishing his thought) --I think you can handle yourself better than most men... Which is why you must stay and look after your younger brothers. Chrissy looks at him, chagrined. It's hard to argue with A tough beat. Nothing left but to say good-bye... And finally, struggling to keep her face a mask, Chrissy a shiny MEDALLION hanging from her neck.
2) 4) text: . The young ones obediently stop at the bridge. They will She places the medallion around his neck, their bodies cl not touching. So much not being said... The tribe's children race alongside Jonnie, excited by th adventure he's going on. But secretly terrified by the de they've been taught awaits him... cross it. But Jonnie does, leaving the’tribe behind. Chrissy's mask starting +o crack as she watches him disap The first of the tears escaping down her cheeks. |
3) 0) text: As night falls, Jonnie rides across wide open plains. His tense, searching the gathering darkness for the first sig And he suddenly freezes. Seeing his first ever...
3) 2) text: Hovering majestically overhead. Soon joined by other star Jonnie stares up in wonderment at these heavenly lights.
4) 0) text: Jonnie steals through the grass, throwing his kill-club w blurring speed at an unsuspecting ANTELOPE.
5) 0) text: Jonnie rides through a grove of conifer trees, the strips dried meat now hanging from his sleeping roll, when he su i and silently dismounts-- Careful not to make the slightest sound, Jonnie slips beh
6) 0) text: Jonnie and Windsplitter move through a deserted housing d passing TREES which grow up through the sidewalks and str A faded piece of PAPER flutters by. Jonnie picks it up. He can just make out a picture of a woman in a bra. The f time Jonnie has seen a photo, let alone women's undergarm More paper litters the ground nearby. Jonnie heads to the passing a rusted TRAIN abandoned on its tracks. Windsplitter abruptly stops. Nostrils flaring. Eyes on a The door knocked off its hinges. Windows shattered. Jonni pulls his kill-club and silently shoos Windsplitter away. Kill-club at the ready, Jonnie cautiously approaches the when suddenly--
6) 9) text: CARLO (cont'd) We mean you no harm, if you mean us no Jonnie slowly lowers his weapon, but remains on guard. Rock silently directs his partner's attention to--
6) 12) dialog: If I ever see one, I will.
7) 0) text: Jonnie hands strips of dried meat to Carlo and Rock, who veverently bow their heads, holding the food up to the he
12) 1) text: Nee i the Psychlo rushing through the doorway behind them, Jonnie and Rock throw themselves off the side of the buil
13) 0) text: Jonnie hits the ground, rolling to his feet~- Rock isn't as fortunate and lands at a bad angle, SNAPPIN on impact. He tries to climb to his feet, but the broken buckles, sending him collapsing back <o the snow. Jonnie turns back to help him-- He gives a loud whistle and...
14) 0) text: Windsplitter gallops out of the mall. Hooves churning up of snow as he races to Jonnie-- . The Psychlo pauses to look down at... ROCK, who trembles in terror. Pleading to the stars overh ROCK ‘ ..-Help me please. I have lived a-_ devoted life... But the twinkling lights seem indifferent to his plight. Jonnie watches helplessly as the Psychlo slams down a lev the side of the gun, then aims it down at Rock. KABBLAM! A gaping hole blown through Rock's chest.
14) 7) text: He can hear the roaring of the thing somewhere beyond the rubble. He listens, holding his breath. The position of t roar changing. Shifting to the right. The thing somehow blocks the street ahead of him and then goes on, planning to come up behind him. He is trapped. There is no panic in him now. He slows the hard pounding of his heart. The thing to do is wait until monster is right in the street behind him-then go over th barricade a fallen building had become. He sidles Windsplitter back to get a good run. The thing is roaring down the side path behind him. Now i turning. He glances back. There it is, wisps of smoke com out of its nostrils. Jonnie put the heel to Windsplitter. He yanks on the lead rope.” And sprints at the barricade. Rough and full of loose sto Dangerous. . : Up they scramble. Rubble slides. 8Sut up they go. All the to the top. One glance back shows... ++.the thing rolling up to the very bottom of the barrica But he's over the barr:cade. He hits the street before hi a run and keeps vrur
14) 8) text: Jonnie swerves =hrougn =: cneckxerooard of paths, edging open country. Further and further. The buildings thinning. Open country between two structures to his right. He skids down off th embankment and races for freedom. Windsplitter puffing. He strains his eyes, watching. There it is! It slides out from among the buildings and starts straigh toward him.
15) 1) text: Jonnie's face, as he starts to come to. Disorientated, he around. A handful of men stare back at him, each one tryi hide how terrified they are. And PULLING BACK we can see. Jonnie and the men are imprisoned in a cargo cage suspend the underbelly of a--
16) 0) text: An icy wind blasts through the cage. But the cold is the Jonnie's concern as he spots Carlo lying motionless in th A pair of young, scrappy-looking twins, MICKEY and SAMMY, a reassuring look. They shout to be heard over the howlin
19) 0) text: The Psychlo lumbers in with box-shaped AIR-FILTRATION UNI with a thin tube attached to it. He starts to slide one o tubes into Jonnie's nose, but Jonnie knocks the creature' The Psychlo growls, hurling Jonnie viciously across the c
19) 1) dialog: Slams into the bars, sliding down to the floor, where the unceremoniously jams the tube up Jonnie's nose.
20) 0) text: The Psychlo drives the flatbed.transport truck with the c it through an ENTRY PORT, complete with mammoth air-lock Jonnie studies everything with the trained eye of a skill
23) 0) text: Jonnie experiments with removing his own tube... But he i has trouble breathing. Eyes going glassy. He replaces the fast as he can. Carlo gives him a pointed look.
25) 0) text: The Psychlo backs the truck up to a loading dock and HONK Several GUARDS head over with a PROCESSING CLERK as the P “Human-Slave Wrangler" swings open the cargo cage. And now we can see that while this Psychlo is an imposing at nine feet tall, he's actually a bit of a runt. The oth Psychlos are all a good foot or two taller... Including the clerk, who takes one look at Jonnie and the and drills a hard stare into the undersized Psychlo "wran a)
26) 0) text: Jonnie studies the monsters closely, but from his P.O.v., hears is an unintelligible machine-like clicking sound of alien language. He turns a questioning eye to Carlo...
27) 0) text: And even though Jonnie doesn't know what the Psychlos are about, he knows one thing. They're not paying him any att So he moves like a streak out the cage door. Carlo right
28) 0) text: But the wrangler isn't about to lose any more of his ‘car whirls, snatching Jonnie, then lunges for Carlo-- But Carlo manages to twist out of reach of the creature's sprint away through the warehouse. The wrangler pulls his PSYCHLO CLERK . Don't kill it! . We can't use it if it's’ dead-- . The wrangler gives him a snide, ‘How stupid do you think look. Jonnie watches from the ground as-- The Psychlo slides a lever above the blast-gun's trigger- into an up position, then takes aim and FIRES-- Carlo is knocked flat as the blue-bolt slams into him. Hi lies motionless, but intact, on the ground. The Psychlo holsters his fire-arm and scoops up Jonnie. S to toss him back into the cage but-- ident li he! 1 i esi é hi Jonnie has the weapon. And is pointing it straight at him wrangler sniggers. The same reaction from the other Psych It's like a ‘horse’ has somehow picked up a gun with its Only, Jonnie slides the weapon's lever into the gown-posi The wrangler is no longer laughing. He reaches down, coax Jonnie as if he was some kind of errant pet...
30) 15) text: An enormous paw blurs in the air, coming at him. Talons r the side of his face. Jonnie has the gun in position, and fires at the huge che He punches blast after blast into it, driving him back. Terl jerks the gun from Jonnie's hands, and sends a swipe across his chest that sends him crumbling to the ground.
32) 0) text: A PSYCHLO TECHNICIAN, wearing rubber gloves and a germ ma face, uses laser-scissors to cut the animal skins off of The skins get tossed into an INCINERATOR. The technician reaches over and yanks Chrissy's medallion from Jonnie's Jonnie tries to grab it back, but the technician swats hi like he was an insect, then holds up the object to see wh so damn important to the man-animal... And we can now see Chrissy's ‘shiny’ medallion is a SILVE
36) 0) text: A pair of Psychlo guards hold Jonnie down on a steel tabl IDENTIFICATION TECHNICIAN presses a--
36) 2) dialog: How Do You Like It-- As the technician howls in pain, a mass of guards swarm J viciously clubbing him to the ground.
39) 0) text: Jonnie, bloody and bruised, but alive, hobbles dow a ‘ste hallway with the other now branded slaves, when-- The Psychlos open up with HIGH POWERED HOSES. A solid stream of water savagely blasts into the defensel humans as the Psychlos hose down the dirty man-animals.
41) 0) text: Jonnie, Carlo and the rest of the new ‘abductees’ are iss baskets and shoved into line with the rest of the slaves. Concerned by his friend's battered condition, Carlo admon There's no point in trying to fight these things. At least not if you want to keep on living.
41) 1) dialog: Look around you. This ain't exactly living-- In the background, a ground cart passed by.
44) 0) text: Jonnie, Carlo and several dozen men crowd around a small GAS TRUCK pulls up. A Psychlo guard inserts the truck's g through the bars, but instead of pumping out petrol... The hose discharges a green sludge-like food substance in trough. Jonnie starts over to the ‘dinner', but is stoppe FLOYD, a hulking brute of a man almost as large as a Psyc
45) 0) text: The Psychlo finishes discharging the food and retracts th From his P.O.V., Jonnie and Floyd's confrontation is unin like animals "talking" to each other in a z00, as...
46) 0) text: With his gang backing him up, Floyd explains to Jonnie--
46) 3) dialog: That's how it used to work. With blinding speed, Jonnie scoops up a flaming log from fire, and before Floyd can react-- P 3 f09 Jonnie SLAMS the club-like wood, full-force, into Floyd's dropping him hard to the ground. Only a moment later... And other than a bloody nose, he shows no effect from the just took. Jonnie smashes him again-- ‘But this time the big brute is ready for it, so all it s do is just piss him off. He grabs Jonnie by the throat an begins to choke the life from him. Jonnie desperately tries to break-free, but Floyd is too ‘He holds Jonnie out at arm's length, preventing Jonnie f getting at him as he continues to brutally strangle Jonni And with his attacker finally close enough to reach, Jonn hand rockets out, p: Floyd staggers back, struggling to breath. With his eyes Floyd releases Jonnie and focuses on reinserting the tube Jonnie locks his hands together and swings them like a ba bat, delivering a tremendous blow to Floyd's jaw. Floyd falls to the ground. And this time he stays there, the count. Jonnie takes mercy on the big man and sticks t back into his nose, then heads over to the trough... But realizes everyone else is holding back, respectfully him eat first. Jonnie shakes his head, declaring--
46) 4) dialog: Everyone eats at the same time. The men all rush the trough... The slop might be disgusting, but at least it's sustenanc PULLING BACK, we realize we're watching this on...
55) 0) text: Terl and Ker enjoy their lunch up in a guard tower overlo the humans slaving away below. Between mouthfuls, Ter] mo down to JONNIE, who struggles with a heavy load of ore. With almost a sense of begrudging respect, Terl explains.
58) 0) text: Ker barges into the cage, and without warning, throws Jon Carlo and Floyd into a-- TRANSPORTABLE CARGO CAGE. Mickey and Sammy, trying to stay close to Jonnie, start t scramble into the cage, but Ker swats them away.
65) 2) dialog: We don't have time. The monsters are going to be coming after us.
67) 0) text: The building is a long-abandoned SKI CHALET, caught froze time.. A thick layer of dust covers everything. In the co The SKELETAL REMAINS of some people are scattered near a Tree slumped over a pile of presents for a holiday never But Jonnie suddenly freezes. Grabs a CHAIR.
67) 2) dialog: +».Lunch. Be launches the chair straight at the--
68) 3) dialog: --We have a cheice.
68) 5) dialog: 
68) 6) text: Lo : i i ie's thinking. to looks up in dread as he realizes what Jonnie s Sonnie gumons up every ounce of willpower he's got and .. a bi raw .
72) 0) text: Our guys, who charge past a faded ‘Welcome to Aspen' sign way around a bend-- But as they top the hili, they run straight into one of Teri's backup vehicles. Psychios piling out. Jonnie goes berserk! The first two Psychlo guards stood no chance. With one backward stride, Jonnie is behind them. He sends them slamming together like egg shells. He catches the gun of one, as that Psychlo goes down and stamps his heel into the side of his skull. He reverses the gun and batters the other Psychlo with sh from a range of three inches. Jonnie drops on one knee, and blows the two last Psychlos have exited the craft to bits. Five other Psychlos fire in his direction.
72) 3) text: Jonnie's gun is empty. He throws it down and picks up the other one. Flips the switch to kill. Totally unmindful of the shots ripping up the ground, run low and firing as he goes, Jonnie races on. The others scattering around him. ‘He kneels behind a Psychlo body and sends a storm of sho into the five. They crash back. Jonnie pounds them into rolling bails of dead flesh. Runn firing as he goes.
75) 0) text: Jonnie takes off on a dead sprint, going like hell for th the cliff. Carlo looks away, can't bear the sight. Jonnie doesn't let-up. In fact, he goes faster. Every mus straining as he races straight for the edge and--
77) 0) text: Terl maneuvers the fighter plane to push Jonnie away from edge of the gorge.
86) 1) text: Ker barges in and snaps a LEASH around Jonnie's neck. Car same treatment. And as Ker reaches out to grab some more Mickey and Sammy, discreetly slip forward, positioning th to be selected.
88) 0) text: Terl roughly deposits Jonnie and the chair in the center room, then grabs a DISC from a pile and slides it into--
89) 2) text: The blue light beaming at Jonnie's eyes clicks off. And s in Jonnie's P.0,V.: Terl leans down to Jonnie, speaking very slowly, extra-en each syllable... :
91) 0) text: And tackles Jonnie out of the chair, ‘saving’ him from th beam bombarding his eyes.
91) 2) dialog: I'm not sure what it is, but it's not torture. It's like sleeping. But when you wake-up, you somehow know things... (explains) Like I can now understand what the monsters are saying when they speak. Heywood appears in the doorway with a concerned look.
91) 8) dialog: I don't know if it's a god-machine, but I do know I'm going to use it to learn as much as I can, so I can figure out how the hell we're going to get out of here. _ Before Heywood can protest, Jonnie reassures him-- JONNIE (cont'd) If you can keep an eye out and give me a little bit of warning before the monsters come back, I won't be putting any of you.in danger. Heywood is concerned, but moves back to a window, keeping vigilant eye on the street outside as... Jonnie inserts a new disc into the Learning Machine.
92) 2) dialog: This is mathematics. The unifying ~ language of the entire universe. Look.
94) 0) text: Jonnie watching Terl and Ker on a monitor, while reading a Psychlo FIELD OPERATIONS MANUAL. In the rear of the room, the rest of the guys push and pu the handle to the massive VAULT.
94) 1) dialog: {translating from the manual) The Security-Chief should secure the field vault with an eight-digit combination code of his selection. He should not write this code down, or tell it to anyone else. And he shouldn't simply use his Employee ID number, but be more clever than that. Carlo gives Jonnie a hopeful look.
94) 3) dialog: The monster in charge is named Terl. | (beat) His employee number is on this requisition form... He returns Carlo's look with a shrug. JONNIE (cont'd) It's worth a shot.
95) 0) text: Jonnie punches Terl' s . An entry light blinks rea ea eye number_into S red and the door remains cuers MICKEY uess he was more clever than that. Jonnie nods, but then-- the vault's keypad. locked.
95) 4) dialog: But the question is, how clever? Let's . try putting the numbers in reverse order He inputs Terl's employee Id-Number in reverse order. A b the entry light blinks green and the vault swings open. Our guys enter. Jonnie's attention is drawn to the RECORD MACHINE, while Carlo, Heywood and the twins check-out the Guns and spare Breath-Gas Tanks.
96) 1) text: This time, Terl dangles two dead rats in front Jonnie.
97) 0) text: Jonnie skids across the floor, slamming into a wall. Terl impatiently marches over to him, pulling his Blast-Gun.
97) 9) dialog: What word would you like me to speak? Terl stares at Jonnie in amazement. The man-animal just s Psychlo. But to make sure he's not imagining this... TERL . ---What did you just say?
97) 10) dialog: You heard me. I asked you what word...
97) 14) dialog: Okay. How's this? You're going to stay here as our prisoner... (instructs Ker) While you go and bring back a truck. Terl, more amused than anything, clarifies...
97) 19) dialog: I understand that if you don't do exactly what we tell you to do, we'll have no choice but to kill you both.
97) 21) dialog: The next time you chose an access code, you might want to be a bit more clever than just using your ID number in reverse. _ But Terl‘s only reaction is to chuckle.
97) 27) dialog: (steel in his voice) You hurt him, I won't mine your gold! fTerl pauses to consider this. Then turns and convincingl TERL . } Then I'll vaporize you and get someone . else to mine the gold-- cy
97) 30) dialog: --You don't have time. You can't keep hiding the recon-photos from Home Office, ' forever. And the glacier is melting. In that one moment, Terl's whole world is turned upside d Jonnie gives Terl a dangerous smile. JONNIE (cont'd) Man getting leverage over a Psychlo. That would be the day, wouldn't it? Rage burns openly in Terl's eyes, but he lowers the weapo calmly turns to Ker.
99) 0) text: Carlo, Heywood and the twins watch with concern as Terl d Jonnie by a leash across the street and up marble steps. ©
101) 0) text: Terl moves at his normal gait, forcing Jonnie to run to k TERL (cont'd) When we attacked your planet, all your soldiers, using your best military technology, were only able to put-up a measly nine minute fight before we exterminated them, along with all but a few of the six billion humans polluting this planet. He snaps the leash, whiplashing Jonnie into--
102) 0) text: The shelves lining this cavernous tomb of a room are stac of books. An endless variety of subjects and titles. TERL (cont'd) Everything you humans knew is in here. He makes a big production of letting go of the leash, giv Jonnie full run of the place. TERL (cont'd) And you can look at anything you want. Because there's nothing that can help you. He watches amused as Jonnie takes him up on his offer, pu books from shelves. Terl can't resist calling after him-- TERL (cont'd) But I'm sure you'll find a lot of recipes on how to prepare raw rat. Terl cracks-up, finding this particularly entertaining.
104) 0) text: Terl is filing his talons. Across from him, Jonnie finish looking through a large stack of books. 1 Satisfied? ’ JONNIE Yes. As Jonnie heads for the door, Terl steals a peek at the b was just looking at. It's the Declaration of Independence But Terl can't read English. Unconcerned, he just shrugs, swatting the book across the room.
105) 1) text: Terl emerges from the vehicle, followed by Jonnie.
105) 2) text: ' / You will soon be relocated to a new mining site. And if any of you get any bright ideas about escaping, keep in mind that while you rat-brains may not know anything about firearms, I certainly do. I just happened to be top marksman of my graduating class. And I can kill any of you at well over a thousand paces... (to Jonnie) Tell them what I just said.
105) 3) dialog: (relays to the others) If we try to escape, he'll shoot us. Terl waits for Jonnie to continue. And when he doesn't...
107) 0) text: Terl, who is too busy with his shooting demonstration, to But he does note the look in Jonnie's eyes as Jonnie star away. And misreading it as revulsion to the carnage on th
107) 6) dialog: --You're in no position to be making a deal. . He switches the gun into kill position.
107) 11) dialog: What are you talking about?
107) 14) dialog: If I kill him, then what do we do?
107) 16) dialog: To what kind of life?! Always looking over out shoulders, waiting for another monster to come hunt us down...
107) 18) text: TERL can't understand what the man-animals are babbling a a But his eyes remain focused on the gun in Jonnie's hand a for a chance to grab it-- But Jonnie keeps the weapon leveled on Terl's chest, as h continues to address the others... JONNIE (cont'd) ' «..And what about the others back at the mining camp?
107) 20) dialog: Those lights we see in the sky at night. ) They are not Gods watching down on us.
107) 23) dialog: I learned our history, today. Our ancestors built flying machines that went up into the heavens. I saw the ’ pictures with my own. eyes... se . . (re: the stars) © + ¢ . ( A Those are planets. Like this'one. They are not gods waiting to come and save us. He waits a long beat for everyone to digest this, then... } JONNIE (cont'd) And the great villages weren't built by_ . gods. They were built by people, just like us. Men and women who cherished one thing above all else. Freedom. (impassioned) It meant so much to them, they'd fight to the death for it if they had to. In fact, many of them did. Inspired, Mickey immediately steps forward.
107) 28) dialog: , Surely someone as smart as you has some ' secret plan to stop me from shooting you. . If I tried, you would have killed me. In the blink of an eye, Terl shifts his demeanor back to , caustic self--
107) 29) text: = if . Damn right I would have, rat-brain! ! . (chortles) That's the first intelligent thing 1 you've said, yet. He points Jonnie to the far edge of the field. TERL (cont'd) Rest-break's over. There's something else you need to see--
108) 3) text: TERL (cont'd) The Chinkos were the ones who designed the Learning Machine. They were far ~ . more advanced than you rat-brains. And _ when they tried to revolt, we sent down ( ? our gas drones, and within minutes every ~ last one of them was exterminated. (sure of this) So get it through your little excuse for a brain. There is no way a species as primitive as yours could ever defeat us. He lets Jonnie chew on that for a beat, then concedes... TERL (cont.'d) But you were right about one small thing. If you refuse to mine the gold, I may not have enough time to train anyone else. Which is why it is imperative that you are properly motivated-- A SECOND Mark II Ground Car pulls up. Ker emerges from th vehicle and opens the trunk, pulling out-- ' CERISSY. Relief floods her eyes when she sees Jonnie. At least he' But as hard as it is to do, Jonnie gives Chrissy an emoti vacant look. like she means nothing to him { ) sO And Chrissy senses enough to duplicate this look. ! Jonnie very closely. .
109) 1) dialog: Listen, you win! I'll mine your gold. And I know you don't owe me any favors... But please, don't kill him! Terl stares at Jonnie. A long beat. Then he finally relen
109) 3) dialog: I won't. And thank-you-- Terl nonchalantly tosses the remote to Ker.
110) 0) text: Returning the humans to their cage for the night, Terl st Mickey and Sammy. Impossible to tell the twins apart... The two young brothers watch with growing concern as Terl to them, while asking Jonnie something in Psychlo.
110) 2) dialog: He wants to know which one of you tried to stab him. A look of knowing terror in Mickey's eyes.
110) 4) dialog: Unfortunately, there's no way of telling.
111) 0) text: Terl straps Sammy to the teleportation platform, then cal drags Jonnie down to--
112) 0) text: ferl punches commands into a console. Over the hum of the generators coming to life, Terl explains to Jonnie...
115) 0) text: Jonnie rips his eyes away from the abominable scene playi the monitor. In contrast... Terl views it to its bitter end, clucking the whole time enjoyment.
117) 6) dialog: , The monster sent him up to their home . planet... Before he can continue, Mickey exhales, relieved. +.-Thank god, because I thought for sure he was going to kill him. Jonnie continues to stare at Mickey, his heart breaking. the life of him, he just can't bring himself to tell him
128) 0) text: Jonnie sits alone in the corner, For the first time, he l defeated. He doesn't even bother to look up as... Terl cheerfully strides up, snaps a leash around Jonnie's and yanks him to his feet.
132) 0) text: Jonnie half-heartedly pushes buttons on control panel to HOLOGRAPHIC FIGHT SIMULATOR. But all he manages to do is. Crash into a simulated mountain.
133) 0) text: Jonnie is back to sitting alone with a despondent look. Carlo and Mickey slowly approach. Nothing is said for the longest time. And finally, Jonnie looks up at Carlo.
133) 1) dialog: You were right. I should have shot the monster when I had the chance... (quietly) That way, Sammy and Heywood would still be alive. :
133) 3) dialog: No, the monster did. And I didn't kill the monster when I could have. (tortured whisper) Which means it's my fault.
133) 5) dialog: That's the point. If we try and fight them, more of us will end up getting killed. Maybe even everyone... (barely audible) All because of me. Carlo shakes his head, trying to hold back the anger.
133) 8) dialog: Everyone has to know. If we do this, there's a good chance that not one of us will be alive by the time it's over. But not one person is deterred. Carlo gives Jonnie's word to him--
134) 0) text: This voice belongs to one of the human slaves pressed aga bars of the next cage over, listening to what's going on Jonnie's cage. And from the next cage over from that...
137) 0) text: It's a whole different Jonnie. Attentive and focused as h fingers fly over the similator's control panel. Terl watches, impressed. Then holds up the remote to Chri explosive collar, gloating...
138) 0) text: Everyone in Jonnie's cage crowds around him as he draws l in the dirt, teaching the others to read and write. Jonni passes the stick to Carlo, who carefully starts to write of his own.
142) 0) text: Terl keeps a careful eye on Jonnie, who is piloting the a An ALARM suddenly blares through-out the cockpit--
143) 0) text: Terl motions Jonnie to the cargo c a the meadow neasbes go cage as Ker lands the fighter in
144) 3) text: A TRANSMISSION RECEIVER spits out a SURVEILLANCE PHOTO ta the recon drone, depicting Jonnie and the others staring the sky. Ker hands it to--
146) 0) text: Terl, who gives the surveillance photo to Jonnie. I
146) 3) dialog: +.-Do what?
146) 5) dialog: I'm afraid it's a long story.
147) 0) text: The cargo aircraft lands on top of the shopping mall wher and Carlo were first captured by the Psychlo wrangler. Jonnie and a small group of men emerge and race inside th Jonnie and a group of his men move through the store, sca WALKIE-TALKIES and RECHARGEABLE. BATTERIES, while-- . .
148) 0) text: i i ini i id our guys Jonnie lands the cargo-aircraft at the mining site, an now including MASON, begin hauling the equipment into the of a cave. Carlo looks up from the list he's been studying with a wo expression--
148) 2) dialog: I've sot worse news. There's only gonna be about half of you digging. (off their looks) I'm gonna be looking somewhere else for it.
152) 0) text: Jonnie shows his group basic engine mechanics as he rebui motor on a small, gas-powered generator. Nearby... Mickey and Sammy's team assemble crude, but effective-loo homemade bombs from the mining equipment.
153) 0) text: With the generator, now reassembled, Jonnie fires it to l The men burst out in applause as electricity flows to a l battery rechargers.
154) 0) text: Jonnie pilots the aircraft. Carlo is in the navigator's s Behind him, Mickey shakes his head--
156) 0) text: : Jonnie studies the map, realizing.
156) 1) dialog: We're here. Over New York. a EXT. MINING SITE -- CONTINUOUS - A wailing sound grows louder as the RECON DRONE passes ov cameras spying down on the mining site, where...
157) 0) text: Hidden from view in the cave, two of Jonnie's men have st behind and now pull on a series of thin wires, which run a pulley system and out to...
161) 0) text: Books on uranium are spread across a table as Jonnie unfo . . . RADIOACTIVE-SITE Map of the United States. .He trac a! to’a mountain in Colorado which bears the radiation sy ' triangle inside a circle... JONNIE . Here's where we're supposed to be mining the monster's gold. That symbol means ~ radiation. Which is caused by uranium. He moves his finger to an area in New Mexico. JONNIE (cont'd) And here's where my tribe is located.
161) 2) dialog: (looks up at them) Do you guys know the names of the places where you're from?
161) 5) dialog: Which island?
161) 6) text: Three Mile Island. Jonnie finds Los Alamos and Three Mile Island on the map. gure enough, they both have the radiation symbol.
161) 7) text: Carlo and Mickey don't understand. Jonnie explains...
161) 8) dialog: From what I've been able to figure out, many years ago, the monsters attacked our planet with a deadly gas. Almost everyone died, except a few who made it into underground shelters. When the air cleared, these people came out, but were then hunted down by the monsters. points to the map) Only a few mist have made it to the safety of these remote areas with radiation where the Psychlos couldn't go. ' And we're descendants of those people. Mickey nods, realizing this is good news.
161) 14) text: wn , They'd be safe from the monsters. — ' . (the bad news) But radiation isn't good for humans, either. That's why a lot of people in our villages get sick and don't live as long as they should. He stares at them, making sure they understand. JONNIE (cont'd) So if we don't take back our planet, our people can't leave these areas or they'll be hunted down. But if they stay in these areas, over time, more and more of them will get sick and die... . (the grim reality) Either way, the last of humanity will slowly but steadily become extinct.
162) 5) dialog: From what I read in the library, the gold here is stored in lead-lined vaults to protect it from the radiation in case of a nuclear war... (beat) And that lead would keep the monsters from detecting the gold.
163) 2) dialog: One thing you got to give those monsters, their mining equipment is highly effective. “ghey attack the vault with the high-tech drill. It cuts through, like a hot knife through butter. As the screaming bit, is pulled smoking from the hole, a light streams out. .
164) 1) text: Jonnie and the others descend over the mine area. But it looks very different.
165) 1) dialog: Looks like an avalanche.
166) 0) text: A light shines down from the present edge and confirms it The fissure, thirty feet back from the old edge, had simp _ opened and fallen into the gorge. Jonnie races back to the hundred feet deep shaft edge. He looks around, flashing his light. . Jonnie approaches the hole more closely. Until he sees th slide marks of the cross timbers that had supported the h cage over the hole.
166) 3) dialog: Avalanche. Jonnie approaches the hole more closely. Until he sees th slide marks of the cross timbers that had supported the h cage over the hole.
166) 6) dialog: Air hose!
166) 12) dialog: Air hose! They feed the hose through the drill hole and turn the ai compressor on. Air from the drift squeals back past the s of the hose and into the rescue crew's faces.
166) 16) dialog: That's alright. .
167) 0) text: Jonnie yanks the cover from the stacks of gold bars, harvested at Fort Knox.
168) 0) text: Jonnie stands next to a cargo cage half-full of GOLD BARS waits for Terl to land his aircraft and climb out. Terl is impressed, but also instantly suspicious.
168) 2) dialog: We figured someone of your stature wouldn't want something as coarse as raw ore. Terl doesn't look convinced until he runs a hand-held COM ANALYZER over the gold. It checks out as the real thing. Hiding his glee, Terl turns back and growls at Jonnie--
169) 0) text: Jonnie and the rest of the men have reassembled back at t
169) 4) dialog: All this means is that our deadline's been moved up a bit. We now have seven days to take back our planet. The group nods, trying to match Jonnie's confidence as Jo gets down to business, opening a MAP of Denver. He points ZOO in the middle of the city.
169) 8) dialog: Because the monsters only see us as harmless animals, they won't be wearing battle-gear when they come to round us up... ' (a gleam in his eye) Which means they won't have on their breath-masks Mickey excitedly jumps in again, beating Jonnie to the pu MICKEY . And any monsters outside a building without a breath-mask won't be able to breath once Carlo blows up the dome.
169) 12) dialog: They'll survive. And we can expect them to come at us in a second assault. But that's where you guys come in... His eyes sweep the group as he explains... JONNIE (cont'd) Everyone's going to train how to use the monster's weapons. Then we'll sneak you in to blend in with the rest of the people who escaped from the zoo... (beat) So when Carlo takes out the first wave of monsters, you guys'l1 jump out and grab their weapons, then set-up an ambush for the second wave of monsters who will be wearing breath-masks.
169) 15) text: Excitement spreads through the group. The plan actually h chance of working. But then Jonnie adds...
169) 16) dialog: But everyone needs to understand. The moment we blow the dame, or fight back in anyway, this becomes a stage-two alarm.
169) 18) dialog: Right. A stage-two alarm means the monsters alert their Home Planet. And moments later, thousands of troops and gas drones will be teleported here. (levels with them) There's no way we could fight that. We'd all be dead within seconds. The group's excitement instantly turns to confusion.
169) 20) dialog: Because before this thing gets to a stage-two alarm... (matter-of-fact) We're going to destroy their Home Planet. Everyone stares at him. He must be joking. But he isn't.
170) 0) text: Jonnie and a handful of men emerge from a Strategic Weapo carrying out crates of conventional explosives, as well a A Cruise-Missile NUCLEAR WARHEAD.
171) 1) dialog: According to this, we have to make-sure -the firing-mechanism is--
171) 3) dialog: Nothing's wrong. They're saluting. It's a sign of respect. He salutes, showing Mickey, then gets back to the busines hand, continuing to read from the manual-- JONNIE (cont'd) ..eMake-sure the firing-mechanism is properly in place and operational. Jonnie and Carlo both take deep breaths, then pick up too gingerly go to work on the warhead--
173) 0) text: With the nuclear warhead now partially dismantled, Jonnie Carlo carefully remove a lead plate with surgical precisi
173) 1) dialog: (re: the manual) «-.No matter what, we can't touch the auto-sensor.
173) 3) dialog: The illustrations are in Appendix-A (before Carlo can ask) We couldn't find Appendix-A.
173) 5) dialog: The bomb will detonate.
175) 0) text: Everyone congregates around the map of Denver one last ti Jonnie finalizes the battle plan...
175) 1) dialog: Once the prisoners escape from the zoo, Chrissy will lead them here to the Civic Center Park... That's where you guys will be waiting to blend in with them... And | when the guards are sent to round all of you up, it should leave minimal resistance here at the teleportation platform-- He points to a section of the city away from the park. JONNIE (cont'd) Which is when we'll move in and secure the platform, and teleport the nuclear weapon up to their planet. Mason points to the nuclear warhead.
175) 3) dialog: Radiation explodes their breath gas. Which is exactly the same as their planet's atmosphere... Mickey slowly raises his head. A darkness in his voice.
175) 5) dialog: It's brave of you to offer. But it's my plan, so I go--
175) 7) text: Jonnie stares at Mickey, his heart breaking. But this tim Jonnie has no choice. He has to tell him.
175) 8) dialog: There's no point in you going. No human can breath on their planet. Plus, the gravity is too strong. I'm sorry. (soft) But your brother was dead within moments of being there. ' Mickey returns Jonnie's look without blinking.
175) 10) text: Ker comes strolling out of the bar, when a figure suddenl out of the shadows in front of him.. It's JONNIE--
175) 11) dialog: There's no way Terl's going to share any of the gold with you.
175) 13) dialog: --Think about it. Terl went through all that effort to trick you, so he could record you into laying out the plan. It was more than just making you the patsy. (beat) Terl got leverage on you so he wouldn't have to share the gold.
175) 15) dialog: - | It sure is interesting some of the discs one can find in Terl's personal vault. Ker's eyes light-up at his sudden good fortune. He pulls blast-gun and orders--
175) 17) dialog: I'm afraid I don't have it with me.
176) 0) text: As Jonnie leads Ker to the cage, Chrissy holds up the DIS
176) 2) dialog: --I'm afraid we can't just give it to you. But you can trade for it. Ker, chuckling at Jonnie's stupidity, re-pulls his Blast-
180) 0) text: Ker turns back to Jonnie with a friendly smile.
181) 1) dialog: Bow about we make another trade. (motions to the zoo cage KEY) As a male member of your species, you can understand why I would want to come and 'visit' with her-- .
181) 3) dialog: Too bad... (holds up a SECOND DISC) Because the gold is almost ready and I thought you might want some incriminating evidence on your friend, Terl. Ker doesn't have to think about it. He immediately trades zoo key for the second disc. As soon as Ker is gone... . ‘ Chrissy gives Jonnie a confused look.
181) 5) dialog: (hands her the key) After tonight, it won't matter much either way. There's an unspoken tension between them. The first time alone since he left their village. Chrissy tries to cover
181) 7) dialog: «.-We're going to do something great. All of us, together. -She nods, but there's still something not being said. Th of beats. And finally, Jonnie struggles to find the right
181) 8) text: . JONNIE (cont'd) And we need to do this not only for our own freedom, but for the possibility of a life for the children. Chrissy looks at him and starts to ask something, but doe He returns her look, clarifying... JONNIE (cont'd) A life for our children. (quickly adds) Of course, only if you'd be willing to take an ‘arrogant greener’ as your husband.
191) 0) text: Across from the teleportation platform, Jonnie whispers t
191) 1) dialog: I'll take the two at the platform. You take the one in the latrine-- Mason nods and they silently divide up, slipping through night like shadows.
199) 0) text: Jonnie hurries to apply a make-shift field tourniquet to leg, then drags him behind the relative safety of--
200) 0) text: Jonnie. pulls his blast-gun, waiting for the Psychlos to range. As they do, he OPENS UP FIRE-- EXT. MAIN ROAD —- CONTINUOUS One of the Psychlos goes down. And another. The remaining scramble for cover, returning fire--
201) 0) text: BLASTER-FIRE screams all around Jonnie, pinning him down Carlo's voice suddenly comes over the radio--
201) 2) dialog: --Hold on! I'm afraid we've got a little situation here.
203) 0) text: Jonnie tries to draw a bead on him, but the shot is obstr So Jonnie grabs a ROCK and throws it behind--
205) 0) text: Which is all Jonnie needs. KABLAM! He drops the Psychlo. The other two monsters open up fire on-- Jonnie, who returns their fire, but his gun suddenly runs with a revealing CLICK...CLICK...CLICK...
207) 0) text: Jonnie desperately searches for another weapon. But all h is his knife. Which won't do much good against... The two Psychlos storming into the bunker, turning their guns on him at point-blank-range--
207) 3) dialog: Are you sure you want to kill me without | first checking with your superiors? The Psychlos FREEZE. Not so mich at what Jonnie said. But
207) 5) dialog: That's right... Which should make it obvious that I've been trained as part of a secret high-level operation... The two Psychlos exchange a look, then pull their radios. JONNIE (cont'd) Although, before you radio your superiors, maybe there is one other thing you should be more concerned about.
208) 0) text: Jonnie and Mickey load the NUCLEAR WARHEAD onto the platf
209) 0) text: Jonnie races over and enters the activation sequence into console. The high-pitched HUM fills the air as the genera .G@ynamos start winding up. Growing louder as...
212) 2) dialog: 
216) 0) text: Keeping his gun trained on Jonnie and Mickey, Terl keys h
224) 0) text: In contrast to TERL, who calmly pulls a breath-mask from As he secures the mask, he explains to Jonnie with a smir
225) 0) text: The rest of Jonnie's men grab the weapons from the now de and join Chrissy in taking position to ambush the second
226) 0) text: rerl keeps his gun trained on Jonnie and Mickey, while ca keying his radio--
229) 0) text: Terl finishes loading his gold onto the Platform, then \ gun on Jonnie...
229) 3) dialog: --We! re going to let him start-up the teleportation sequence... (fierce resolve) Then no matter what happens to me, just make sure you and the nuclear weapon are on the platform. EXT. CONTROL BUNKER —~ CONTINUOUS The high-pitched HUM of the generators start to fill the
230) 0) text: Jonnie charges off the platform. Terl spins and FIRES at But Jonnie manages to dive clear of the shot, then pivots blurring speed and throws his--
230) 3) dialog: Launches himself like a possessed demon straight into him Fueled by primal rage, Jonnie is able to Jock the’ much-b Psychlo to the ground, jarring the gun from Terl's grip. But Terl is bigger and stronger. He pins Jonnie down and savagely tears into him with his razor-like claws-- Jonnie lunges up and grabs Terl's wounded shoulder with b hands. Squeezing and twisting as hard as he can, Jonnie w Terl off of him. But the victory is short lived as... Terl rolls over and is now able to get back onto his feet But. Jonnie hangs on. and stays focused on the monster's Digging one hand into Terl's wounded shoulder, while PUMM it in a mad blur with the other, inflicting what damage h Hissing in pain, Terl swats Jonnie back to the ground the his blast-gun and stands, towering over-- Jonnie, who can see behind Terl, where...
233) 0) text: Jonnie locks eyes with Terl, trying to keep him from noti Mickey scrambling onto the platform with the nuclear weap
233) 1) dialog: Look, I know you're going to kill me. But I have one last request. Terl aims the gun straight down between Jonnie's eyes.
233) 3) dialog: --I know. But I'm begging you. (pleads) With the gas drones coming, is there any way to spare one human life... Because you were right about the young lady you put the collar on. I do know her. (quietly) She was to be my wife. Terl can't believe Jonnie's stupidity. Chuckles with glee TERL . Thanks for reminding me, rat-brain. (pulls the REMOTE to Chrissy's collar) Before you die, you should have the pleasure of knowing what happens to your little "wife" to be. Terl raises the remote with one paw, the other pointing t blast-gun down at Jonnie, who stares him straight in the
233) 4) dialog: Trust me. You don't want to do that--
233) 6) text: + Blood gushing from his shoulder where it used to be connected to an arm. Terl is too stunned to react as-- Jonnie dives to the ground, grabbing the blaster-gun stil connected to what's left of Terl's arm.
235) 0) text: Mickey pulls out the nuclear detonator. A sense of deep p the mission he's about to perform. As the countdown finis Mickey turns and gives his friend Jonnie a SALUTE. EXT. TELEPORTATION FIELD -- CONTINUOUS. Jonnie salutes Mickey back with eyes full of respect. The suddenly rocked by a DEAFENING ROAR and BLINDING LIGHT, a
240) 0) text: An aircraft lands at the fort, and Jonnie and Chrissy eme Mason, sporting a finely-crafted wooden leg, steps up to
240) 5) text: Jonnie nods as they head into the fort.
240) 6) dialog: Good. Because now that we've got everyone out of the contaminated areas, we're going to need your help organizing a summit with the clan leaders.
241) 0) text: Mason leads Jonnie and Chrissy down a long armored hallwa through a thick vault door, to where--
242) 0) text: Terl, a stump where his arm used to be, downs a shot of k in his new ‘living quarters', which have been painted pur him. He stares at Jonnie through the steel bars.
242) 6) dialog: We figure it might come in handy if those other Psychlos ever decide to come by for a little ‘visit.
242) 9) dialog: Which make you useful to us. After all, you did graduate top of your class.
242) 12) dialog: I'm just guessing that you wouldn't want . the other Psychlos to know that it was your greed and corruption that allowed us to destroy their home planet. Terl stops laughing. His eyes narrowing into slits as Jon holds up a DISC. SJONNIE (cont'd) I may be a rat-brain, but I was smart enough to figure out how to make a copy of this before I gave it to Ker. On Terl's look of complete and utter defeat, we...