9) 0) text: A brightly decorated plastic CHRISTMAS TREE stands among trees growing up through the floor. A CD of SILENT NIGHT endlessly from the few speakers in the mall that still wo
31) 0) text: A lively joint wher2 a bunch of Psychlo laborers let off playing LASER-BASH. Others consume libations while slappi pinching the asses of the female Psychlo wait-staff who p Terl plops onto a stool at the bar, but before he can ord served a saucepan full of KERBANGO, a thick oily beverage
42) 0) text: Ker chauffeurs at the wheel. In the back seat, Terl lower voice, so only the District Manager can hear.
42) 3) text: The place is packed and loud. The newly arrived Psychlo w getting plastered on kerbango while losing money paw-over laser bash and other assorted rigged games of ‘chance’. Terl storms up to the bar. The bartender looks up, surpri
47) 2) text: Ker despondently removes his picture from under the sign, with an audible sigh, hammers Terl's picture back up. And PULLING BACK yet again, we realize we're watching thi
49) 0) text: Ker peering out the windows, making sure no one is watchi before reaching into his.. tol. oe
49) 3) dialog: I was wondering when you were going to look at that. It same in last week and I put it straight in your--
49) 5) dialog: You said we use picto-cameras to spy on other offices. But under no circumstance do we spy on our own office!
49) 10) dialog: The photo's from last week's recon drone. It shows a glacier that just split open. It exposed a gold vein... Terl glances at the photo, then gives Ker a knowing look.
49) 12) dialog: (sheepish nod) I didn't think you'd mind. He regrets it the moment he said it. Braces himself for t punishment he knows must be coming. But surprisingly... -
49) 14) dialog: The mountain's full of uranium. No Psychlo can get near it without their breath-gas exploding. (despondent) There's no way to mine the gold-- A HAMMER suddenly nails Ker in the back, dropping him to Terl swings again. This time harder. Savagely beating Ker
49) 16) dialog: But It's Worthless! You Just Said So Yourself!
49) 21) text: Only Ker manages to scramble out of the way at the last m He grabs the hammer from Terl and scrambles to his feet-— But freezes as Terl pulls his BLAST-GUN. KER (cont'd) You can't shoot me! It's against regulations. I'm not just some man- animal you can kill for sport--
49) 22) text: But Terl reaches for the trigger and... Stops. Staring at gun, his mind racing... Terl's eyes snap to the surveillance photo... Then to a m showing humans working in the mines... Then back to the g And_it suddenly connects for Terl. Ker mistakes all of this for same cruel pause before his inevitable execution and continues to plead--
49) 23) dialog: Please! I'll Make It Up To You, I Swear! Don't Shoot Me-- Terl looks shocked by the very suggestion.
49) 26) dialog: «+-What "mutiny"?
51) 0) text: The Planetship and his Assistant are stretched-out on CHA LOUNGES. But right now the Planetship looks anything but Across from him, Terl and Ker sit on a chaise-lounge next sun-lamp. Terl and Ker have concerned looks on their face
52) 9) dialog: How do we know it came from man-animals?
53) 0) text: Catching up to Terl, Ker shakes his head.
53) 1) dialog: But the plan can't work if the Planetship doesn't order us to train man-animals--
53) 3) dialog: (getting it) And then we can get the gold--
54) 0) text: ) - And settles in behind his desk. Ker follows on his he
54) 4) dialog: We train man-animals, who don't need breath-gas, to mine the gold for us.
54) 6) dialog: That's the beauty of it. Home Office doesn't even know the gold exists. So those corporate crap-heads will never know we stole it. It's the perfect crime. He waits for Terl's praise... But instead Terl looks shoc And in the gravest of voices:
54) 8) dialog: But it was your stinking idea!
54) 10) dialog: What are you talking about?! We don't have any recorders planted in here... (realizes) Let me guess. We don't. But you do.
54) 15) dialog: «+Education?! The vault swings open. Terl reaches in past a shelf of Bl and spare air-tanks, popping a disc fram a RECORDING MACH
54) 17) dialog: Thank-you. That's great advice! But why do I have to be the patsy?!
54) 22) dialog: Your whole plan depends on getting leverage over the Planetship. (shakes his head) But since there's no way to smuggle a picto-recorder into his office without it being detected, how are we going to find out what he's hiding--
55) 0) text: Terl and Ker enjoy their lunch up in a guard tower overlo the humans slaving away below. Between mouthfuls, Ter] mo down to JONNIE, who struggles with a heavy load of ore. With almost a sense of begrudging respect, Terl explains.
55) 2) dialog: Leverage over a man-animal? | _ Merl gives him a sharp look. Hasn't he been paying at The only way it's going to be able to operate a mining machine is if it can read Psychlo. Which means we have to educate it on a learning machine. Ker looks at Terl like he's off his rocker.
55) 3) dialog: But if anyone found out--
55) 5) dialog: We need leverage on the Planetship. And now we need leverage on the man-animals. I don't know about this plan of yours... (mutters) It's like we need leverage on everyone.
57) 0) text: Ker dejectedly kicks a rock as he follows Terl up the str
57) 1) dialog: So much for your "Positive-Forcing". TERL . It's called Positive-Reinforcement. — Whatever. It still sounds like a pretty primitive way to get leverage.
57) 3) dialog: But we have no idea what the damn things like...
58) 0) text: Ker barges into the cage, and without warning, throws Jon Carlo and Floyd into a-- TRANSPORTABLE CARGO CAGE. Mickey and Sammy, trying to stay close to Jonnie, start t scramble into the cage, but Ker swats them away.
59) 0) text: Ker secures the cargo cage to the back of a flatbed truck tosses HEAVY JACKETS to our guys.
60) 0) text: Ker, wearing a breath-tube now that he's outside the dome the flatbed truck up a windy mountain road away from Denv
64) 0) text: Terl and Ker, reclining in chairs with their feet up on d TRIO OF MONITORS showing our guys huffing and puffing up
64) 1) dialog: They sure are slow. And it looks like they're slowing down even more.
69) 0) text: Ker shakes his head, nauseated.
78) 0) text: Terl locks our guys into the rear of the ground car as... Ker stares across the canyon to the other side, trying to something out. And then it finally dawns on him.
78) 1) dialog: They must be able to fly. Terl sighs, unlocks the cage and grabs Floyd and tosses h the side of the canyon
79) 0) text: The remains of a sizable meal are scattered over a giant to a steel slab, where the ASSISTANT PLANETSHIP partakes A door bursts open and Ker marches inside and salutes.
79) 1) dialog: I need your approval to get some man- animal labor units to do some painting and cleaning work. He extends a REQUISITION FORM, which the still half-aslee Assistant Planetship signs, but then snidely instructs--
81) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship finishes a pan of kerbango when more pans of the narcotic root are placed in front of him
82) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship, now smashed out of his mind, st into his room to sleep off the kerbango... '
86) 1) text: Ker barges in and snaps a LEASH around Jonnie's neck. Car same treatment. And as Ker reaches out to grab some more Mickey and Sammy, discreetly slip forward, positioning th to be selected.
87) 0) text: Ker hands’ Psychlo-sized paint-brushes to Carlo, the twin WEYWOOD, an older man with a friendly face.
87) 2) text: Pointing to giant buckets of purple paint, Ker barks some Psychlo, which the humans obviously can't understand.
89) 0) text: A somber Psychlo war song plays from speakers as Carlo, H and the twins paint the walls a fresh coat of purple. Terl happily hums along to the music as he attaches some RED-SQUARE to a choke collar. Ker is camped-out at his ow looking through some holographic pornography.
90) 0) text: Terl and Ker head out the door. The moment they're gone, charges into--
93) 0) text: Ker shrugs between mouthfuls of his lunch.
93) 1) dialog: ---So it's taking a bit longer with the man-animals than we thought. But they can't be completely brainless if they were able to fire a probe into space~-
93) 3) dialog: But you said there was a plaque on it with the man-animal's picture, Terl slowly sips a pan of kerbango as he explains.
93) 8) dialog: (beat) I hadn't thought of that. It's very clever, sir.
94) 0) text: Jonnie watching Terl and Ker on a monitor, while reading a Psychlo FIELD OPERATIONS MANUAL. In the rear of the room, the rest of the guys push and pu the handle to the massive VAULT.
96) 0) text: Terl and Ker march past Heywood, Carlo and the twins, who busy painting the walls, and head straight into...
97) 2) dialog: What if this one is particularly stupid? Why don't we try to train another one--
97) 7) dialog: ---S0, we'll get .it then.
108) 3) text: TERL (cont'd) The Chinkos were the ones who designed the Learning Machine. They were far ~ . more advanced than you rat-brains. And _ when they tried to revolt, we sent down ( ? our gas drones, and within minutes every ~ last one of them was exterminated. (sure of this) So get it through your little excuse for a brain. There is no way a species as primitive as yours could ever defeat us. He lets Jonnie chew on that for a beat, then concedes... TERL (cont.'d) But you were right about one small thing. If you refuse to mine the gold, I may not have enough time to train anyone else. Which is why it is imperative that you are properly motivated-- A SECOND Mark II Ground Car pulls up. Ker emerges from th vehicle and opens the trunk, pulling out-- ' CERISSY. Relief floods her eyes when she sees Jonnie. At least he' But as hard as it is to do, Jonnie gives Chrissy an emoti vacant look. like she means nothing to him { ) sO And Chrissy senses enough to duplicate this look. ! Jonnie very closely. .
109) 0) text: Ker secures a second red-squared collar around Heywood's
116) 0) text: A bunch of Psychlos crowd around the bar, consuming kérba including the RESEARCH CLERK that Terl checked out the di Ker joins the group, shaking his head despondently.
116) 1) dialog: I just got the worst news. My cousin Numph got vaporized... - Everyone is surprised by Ker's un-Psychlo like grief. KER (cont'd) ...The bastard owed me over a thousand credits! Now I'll never get it. The group nods, now understanding. KER (cont'd) But it's the idiot's own fault. He knew about a planned mutiny attempt, but failed to report it. The Psychlos give a collective ‘He got what he had coming shrug, then return to their kerbango as... . The research clerk leans over to Ker, nonchalantly inquir
119) 0) text: Ker and the research clerk are in the room with the Plane
127) 0) text: Psychlo workers hose down the last of the fire from the e Ker follows behind as the Planetship strolls by with Terl adamantly shaking his head, pretending to be distraught.
127) 2) text: Terl and Ker share a secret look of victory.
129) 0) text: Ker, in his new office, struggles through a crossword puz quickly hides it as the Planetship sticks his head into t
131) 0) text: As soon as Ker hears the noise, he immediately steals int adjoining office-- INT. PLANETSHIP'S OFFICE —- CONTINUOUS And goes to work, snooping through the Planetship's perso
139) 0) text: The Planetship strolls into his office, but freezes in hi What the hell are Terl and Ker ‘doing in his inner-sanctu But then he sees the files all neatly laid out on his des looks at them, the life draining from his eyes. TERL . Isn't it interesting you've been keeping two sets of books... And while you've told the workers that this planet's operating at a loss, it's actually quite profitable. The Planetship shakes his head, feebly trying to explain.
143) 0) text: Terl motions Jonnie to the cargo c a the meadow neasbes go cage as Ker lands the fighter in
144) 3) text: A TRANSMISSION RECEIVER spits out a SURVEILLANCE PHOTO ta the recon drone, depicting Jonnie and the others staring the sky. Ker hands it to--
159) 4) dialog: Well, with my share, I'm going to fire all my wives and buy new ones. Maybe even a pretty one... What about you?
159) 6) text: That has got to be the stupidest thing Ker has ever heard
175) 10) text: Ker comes strolling out of the bar, when a figure suddenl out of the shadows in front of him.. It's JONNIE--
175) 12) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? And what. are you even doing here, you're supposed to be mining--
175) 14) dialog: How the blast do you know about the recording?!
175) 16) dialog: Give the disc to me!
176) 0) text: As Jonnie leads Ker to the cage, Chrissy holds up the DIS
176) 1) dialog: Tell her to give it to me--
176) 3) dialog: I don't think so, crap-brain! Because if you don't give me the disc, I‘'ll-- At Jonnie's signal--
178) 0) text: Ker tries to point his gun at the humans in warning, but process is repeated too fast for him to follow as...
179) 0) text: A human chain moves the disc from hand to hand, cage to c before Ker knows it, the disc disappears from view around
180) 0) text: Ker turns back to Jonnie with a friendly smile.
180) 1) dialog: .--What kind of trade?
181) 0) text: Ker uses a special tool to remove the explosive collar fr Chrissy's neck, then trades the collar for the disc.
181) 2) dialog: --Forget it, crap-head! You just keep your mind on getting the rest of the gold!
182) 0) text: Terl-comes strolling into the office, but suddenly stops tracks. EVERY MONITOR in the room is playing a recording TERL (ON THE MONITORS ). ...We'd have to use explosives. Home Office would detect them and send down a survey team, which means we wouldn't be able to keep the gold for ourselves. Ker smugly pauses the disc, FREEZING the guilty evidence.
182) 1) dialog: I've been thinking. Eighty-twenty is a pretty fair distribution of the gold... (loving every moment of this) But J should get the eighty per cent. Terl stares at him. And without hesitation:
182) 3) text: TERL (cont'd) Which means I haven't wasted my time trying to train you! Ker can't believe it. This is going much better than he t
182) 4) dialog: You're not upset?
182) 6) dialog: What are you doing?! You can't kill me! (explains) . I made a copy of your disc and gave it to someone for safe keeping. And if anything happens to me, they'll turn it into the authorities. A frozen beat. Then Terl has to lower the gun with a sigh KER (cont'd) - It's your own fault, sir. (good-natured) You were just too good of a teacher.
182) 8) dialog: You insult yourself, sir. You taught me better than to fall for that one.
182) 13) text: TERL (cont'd) You know, you really should chose your friends a bit more carefully... Ker looks from the head to the desk drawer to Terl, reali Terl had this planned all along. His body slumps in defea Terl raises his blast gun.
182) 14) dialog: Don't shoot! You win! I'll go back to being the patsy! He fumbles a disc out of his pocket and hands it to Terl. KER (cont'd) See? That's the disc of me laying out the plan. You can have it back. Which means I'm back to being the patsy. And you can't kill the patsy, right?!
182) 16) dialog: The Planetship ordered us to train the man-animals to mine the gold. So, if anyone found out, he'd be responsible. (practically crying) And you only need one patsy.
207) 0) text: Jonnie desperately searches for another weapon. But all h is his knife. Which won't do much good against... The two Psychlos storming into the bunker, turning their guns on him at point-blank-range--
237) 0) text: MICKEY appears, along with Terl's coffins and the nuclear The Psychlo workers in the vicinity laugh at Mickey's fat Mickey stares at them without blinking--