16) 0) text: An icy wind blasts through the cage. But the cold is the Jonnie's concern as he spots Carlo lying motionless in th A pair of young, scrappy-looking twins, MICKEY and SAMMY, a reassuring look. They shout to be heard over the howlin
16) 1) dialog: If the monster's fire-stick doesn't make a hole in you, you go to sleep.
52) 5) dialog: Count us in-- A Psychlo thrusts Jonnie forward with the butt of a gun, him moving with the parade of human misery passing by--
58) 0) text: Ker barges into the cage, and without warning, throws Jon Carlo and Floyd into a-- TRANSPORTABLE CARGO CAGE. Mickey and Sammy, trying to stay close to Jonnie, start t scramble into the cage, but Ker swats them away.
86) 1) text: Ker barges in and snaps a LEASH around Jonnie's neck. Car same treatment. And as Ker reaches out to grab some more Mickey and Sammy, discreetly slip forward, positioning th to be selected.
87) 3) dialog: How we supposed to know what he wants?
95) 0) text: Jonnie punches Terl' s . An entry light blinks rea ea eye number_into S red and the door remains cuers MICKEY uess he was more clever than that. Jonnie nods, but then-- the vault's keypad. locked.
103) 0) text: Mickey pensively shakes his head, fearing the worst.
103) 2) dialog: Think he's still alive?
107) 15) dialog: Get the hell out of here!
107) 24) dialog: You're right... His voice is a bit impulsive, but full of conviction. MICKEY (cont'd) We can't run away from the monsters. We have to fight them! } His brother, Sammy, immediately joins him. Heywood also “ forward in solidarity. But Carlo isn't so sure...
110) 0) text: Returning the humans to their cage for the night, Terl st Mickey and Sammy. Impossible to tell the twins apart... The two young brothers watch with growing concern as Terl to them, while asking Jonnie something in Psychlo.
110) 3) dialog: Why? What's he going to do?
110) 8) text: Mickey nods, accepting his fate, whatever it may be. He t But Sammy has already stepped forward, sacrificing himsel Terl. Mickey, stunned, tries to stop him--
110) 9) dialog: » What are you doing?! I'm the one who--
117) 5) dialog: , What happened to my brother? ! Jonnie stares at him. A long, difficult beat. Then fina
133) 0) text: Jonnie is back to sitting alone with a despondent look. Carlo and Mickey slowly approach. Nothing is said for the longest time. And finally, Jonnie looks up at Carlo.
133) 4) dialog: You didn't kill the monster for a reason. Jonnie gives him a haunted look--
133) 7) dialog: And we need you. You speak the monsters’ language. You know things about them. Jonnie looks around at the others in the cage, who are n at him. And he sees something on their faces he's never s before. Hope. The longest of beats, then...
133) 10) dialog: (fierce resolve) So if you can help us figure out a way to fight the monsters, no matter what it is, count us in.
141) 0) text: A HOWLING WIND cuts through a large steel cage containing Mickey, and some twenty other men, along with an assortme mining machines and equipment. The cage is suspended from underbelly of a--
150) 0) text: Mickey and Sammy lead_a separate team through a gun shop, collecting weapons, and--
152) 0) text: Jonnie shows his group basic engine mechanics as he rebui motor on a small, gas-powered generator. Nearby... Mickey and Sammy's team assemble crude, but effective-loo homemade bombs from the mining equipment.
154) 0) text: Jonnie pilots the aircraft. Carlo is in the navigator's s Behind him, Mickey shakes his head--
154) 1) dialog: ..-Hey, what's that?
161) 1) dialog: «--It has the same symbol.
161) 3) dialog: A village called Los Alamos...
161) 7) text: Carlo and Mickey don't understand. Jonnie explains...
161) 9) dialog: So even if we fail to take over the planet, our people will be safe as long as they stay in areas with this radiation thing? .
162) 1) dialog: If gold's so valuable to them, how come - - the monsters haven't already taken it out of here? :
169) 7) dialog: To the monsters, it'd be like a bunch of horses escaping. No one seems too happy about the comparison. But Jonnie n
169) 17) dialog: And that's the one thing we can't let happen, right?
171) 0) text: Mickey restlessly pokes around, exploring the classroom a and Carlo huddle over a tech-manual. The nuclear warhead sits on a table in front of them.
171) 2) text: --Hey, look at these guys! Something must be wrong with their heads. In the back of the room, Mickey points to an old PHOTO of a BATTALION OF CADETS, all with their hands to their fore
175) 4) dialog: With all respect, sir, I'd like to be the one who goes up and detonates the weapon.
175) 7) text: Jonnie stares at Mickey, his heart breaking. But this tim Jonnie has no choice. He has to tell him.
175) 9) dialog: I know. : That's why I want to go. (quietly) So, I can be with him again. A long beat. Then Jonnie finally nods, giving Mickey his
190) 4) dialog: There's three monsters remaining... Two are staying at the platform. One is heading into a building to the east-- (checks his map) Which is the latrine.
198) 0) text: From his look-out position, Mickey spots a group of armed Psychlos sprinting toward the teleportation platform.
198) 1) dialog: Five Monsters Approaching! Heavily Armed! From The South--
208) 0) text: Jonnie and Mickey load the NUCLEAR WARHEAD onto the platf
216) 0) text: Keeping his gun trained on Jonnie and Mickey, Terl keys h
226) 0) text: rerl keeps his gun trained on Jonnie and Mickey, while ca keying his radio--
229) 2) dialog: What are we going to do?! He sent the red-alert--
231) 0) text: Mickey struggles with all his might, just managing to boo nuclear warhead back onto the platform.
233) 0) text: Jonnie locks eyes with Terl, trying to keep him from noti Mickey scrambling onto the platform with the nuclear weap
235) 0) text: Mickey pulls out the nuclear detonator. A sense of deep p the mission he's about to perform. As the countdown finis Mickey turns and gives his friend Jonnie a SALUTE. EXT. TELEPORTATION FIELD -- CONTINUOUS. Jonnie salutes Mickey back with eyes full of respect. The suddenly rocked by a DEAFENING ROAR and BLINDING LIGHT, a
237) 0) text: MICKEY appears, along with Terl's coffins and the nuclear The Psychlo workers in the vicinity laugh at Mickey's fat Mickey stares at them without blinking--
237) 2) dialog: I know I'm going to die... The Psychlos obviously don't speak English and have no id he's saying. But they crowd around in morbid curiosity as The planet's overwhelming gravity crushes Mickey to the g The young twin's eyes bulging, he announces to the crowd- MICKEY (cont'd) But so are you-- This cracks up the others. With his final moment of life, Mickey pushes the detonator button... :