0) 1) dialog: And the monsters descended from the sky, raising a great cloud of dust killing all men, but for a very few... His gaze sweeps across the youngsters, drilling into thei PARSON STAFFER (cont'd) As survivors, we must dedicate our lives to pleasing the gods, so they may return and drive away the monsters. Turns a sharp eye back to Jonnie, but still addressing th PARSON STAFFER (cont'd) “nd arrogance does not please the gods. Bis rugged frame clothed in a puma hide, a kill-club hang his belt. And although only nineteen, JONNIE, already has look of sameone who has already overcome a lifetime's wor adversity. He immediately turns to Chrissv.
0) 2) dialog: Finishes chanting up ‘to the heavens.
0) 3) dialog: ++-May you chase away the monsters and lead us back to the lands of plenty. The clan closes their eyes in silent prayer. All except f
1) 0) text: The parson shakes his head as Jonnie secures an animal-sk roll and extra kill-clubs to his snow-white horse, WINDSP i. PARSCN STAFFER This is not what your mother wanted. The parson's ancient face burns with religious fury as he his stare into Jonnie.
1) 5) dialog: It is true that food is scarce, and everyone appreciates your desire to help, but I can't help wonder if there isn't more to why you want to go out there... Be lets that hang there, then gives Jonnie a pointed look PARSON STAFFER (cont'd) But all it would take is for one monster to see you, and follow you back, and we would all be struck down. Jonnie meets his rage with calm determination.
50) 0) text: The setting sun casts a shadow over CHRISSY, who sits on keeping a hopeful eye on the far side of the ravine. We g feeling she spends a lot of time on that rock, watching a A WITHERED HAND grips her shoulder. She turns around to f Parson, who gives Chrissy a concerned look--
50) 3) dialog: He's been gone over three months. (the grim reality) If the monsters didn't get him, he would have been back by now-- Chrissy whirls back to the ravine with a relieved smile. there's nothing there. Only now we can here it... The feint sound of GALLOPING HOOFS. Growing louder as-- A flash of white is now visible on the far side of the ca Rocketing up the incline and over the drawbridge and... Chrissy's smile instantly evaporates as she realizes Wind is_returning riderless