37) 3) dialog: Oh no. We make the support staff take the offices with the views. (winks ) While we get the good digs. He ushers evervone into an elawatn~
38) 0) text: And pushes the button for the BASEMENT. The elevator lurc The Assistant Planetship seizes the opportunity to...
38) 1) dialog: I'm sure you'll find it interesting to know, sir, that we were able to use the planet's indigenous power-generation systems. That way we didn't have to build our own. It was actually my idea. (basks in the glory of) And unless I'm mistaken, my idea has already saved the corporation well over six-hundred thousand credits--
38) 3) dialog: «.Sir?
51) 0) text: The Planetship and his Assistant are stretched-out on CHA LOUNGES. But right now the Planetship looks anything but Across from him, Terl and Ker sit on a chaise-lounge next sun-lamp. Terl and Ker have concerned looks on their face
51) 2) dialog: Which is why there will be no mutiny! (panic in his voice) I'm authorizing you to use whatever means necessary to stop it. Terl nods, so far so good. Then continues...
51) 8) dialog: Man-animals operate a machine?! Have you blown a head-gasket?!
51) 10) dialog: I'd be the laughing stock of the entire universe. _ Exactly what Terl was hoping he'd say.
51) 12) dialog: And if it does work, I'll be vaporized. It's against the law to train an--
51) 14) dialog: We stick to the original plan! Bring in more workers and they go on half-pay as soon as they arrive. And that's final! And before anyone can say anything--
51) 17) text: The Planetship JUMPS OFF the third floor railing. And nob seems the least bit surprised by this. Probably because.. The first two floors have been turned into a Psychlo-size pool. But instead of water, it's filled with an oily flui Planetship rubs the sludge into his fur, squirming in del
79) 0) text: The remains of a sizable meal are scattered over a giant to a steel slab, where the ASSISTANT PLANETSHIP partakes A door bursts open and Ker marches inside and salutes.
79) 2) dialog: You tell Terl, that unlike ‘certain individuals', I hold an important job. So next time he has a request, have him send it through proper channels instead of disturbing me when I'm busy. Ker nods, then trots out with the signed form. The Assist Planetship scratches himself, then returns to his snooze.
81) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship finishes a pan of kerbango when more pans of the narcotic root are placed in front of him
82) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship, now smashed out of his mind, st into his room to sleep off the kerbango... '
83) 0) text: A recording of the Assistant Planetship plays on.a monito
83) 1) dialog: You tell Terl, that unlike ‘certain ' individuals', I hold an important job-- Ker watches as Terl pauses the recording, then expertly i the Assistant Planetship's voice:
84) 0) text: Terl masterfully applies prosthetics »nd make-up to his f thickening his eye bones and darkening the fur on his che Until if we didn't know it was Terl, we'd swear it was th Assistant Planetship.
85) 0) text: Terl, disguised as the Assistant Planetship, shakes his h
119) 2) dialog: --It's my assistant! He's the bastard planning the mtiny. Terl does an impressive job of acting shocked by the news
120) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship doesn't have to act. He is shock
120) 3) dialog: Why the hell would I want to do that?! Terl slips a disc into a machine, playing a recording of.
121) 0) text: Terl, convincingly disguised as the Assistant Planetship, in with a conspiratorial whisper to the Research Clerk.
122) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship shakes his head, pointing to the ) who looks just like him on the monitor.
122) 1) dialog: , That's not me! I never said that!
122) 2) dialog: Oh shut up! We know it's you. You were stupid enough to sign your own name-- He holds up the sign-out sheet, bearing Terl's perfect fo the Assistant Planetship's signature. ON THE MONITOR... ~
123) 0) text: Terl, in the guise of the Assistant Planetship, looks aro making sure no one's listening, before ‘confiding’...
124) 0) text: The Research Clerk immediately turns to the Planetship, i
126) 0) text: The Assistant Planetship stands alone in front of a door Planetship's office. He nervously calls down the hall--
126) 1) dialog: But what if there js a door-bomb? Terl, Ker and the Planetship watch from behind a protecti shield positioned a safe distance down the corridor.
126) 2) dialog: I thought you said you didn't put one there! :
126) 3) dialog: I didn't. But maybe someone else did!
126) 5) dialog: See, I told you I didn't put a-- A flash of light and a deafening blast as a CATACLYSMIC E blows the Assistant Planetship and much of the hall into
127) 0) text: Psychlo workers hose down the last of the fire from the e Ker follows behind as the Planetship strolls by with Terl adamantly shaking his head, pretending to be distraught.
129) 0) text: Ker, in his new office, struggles through a crossword puz quickly hides it as the Planetship sticks his head into t
129) 1) dialog: Quitting time. Want to get some food? Thanks, sir, but I'm going to stay and get some more work done. The Planetship nads, both surprised and impressed...
130) 0) text: And heading down the hall, the Planetship mutters to hims
130) 1) dialog: +--Should have had my assistant vaporized a long time ago. He heads into an elevator and the doors close with a bing
131) 0) text: As soon as Ker hears the noise, he immediately steals int adjoining office-- INT. PLANETSHIP'S OFFICE —- CONTINUOUS And goes to work, snooping through the Planetship's perso
139) 0) text: The Planetship strolls into his office, but freezes in hi What the hell are Terl and Ker ‘doing in his inner-sanctu But then he sees the files all neatly laid out on his des looks at them, the life draining from his eyes. TERL . Isn't it interesting you've been keeping two sets of books... And while you've told the workers that this planet's operating at a loss, it's actually quite profitable. The Planetship shakes his head, feebly trying to explain.
139) 1) dialog: I only claimed it's running at a loss to try and motivate everyone to work harder.
139) 3) dialog: Oh, that? I can explain that-- But Terl drops a heavy tome onto the desk with a resoundi
139) 5) dialog: «+-You can?
139) 7) dialog: But these forms are blank. And undated. (shakes his head) If I sign them, you could put anything you want on them. You'd be running the entire planet! I'd be nothing but a puppet--