12) 1) text: Nee i the Psychlo rushing through the doorway behind them, Jonnie and Rock throw themselves off the side of the buil
14) 0) text: Windsplitter gallops out of the mall. Hooves churning up of snow as he races to Jonnie-- . The Psychlo pauses to look down at... ROCK, who trembles in terror. Pleading to the stars overh ROCK ‘ ..-Help me please. I have lived a-_ devoted life... But the twinkling lights seem indifferent to his plight. Jonnie watches helplessly as the Psychlo slams down a lev the side of the gun, then aims it down at Rock. KABBLAM! A gaping hole blown through Rock's chest.
17) 0) text: The Psychlo banks the transport vehicle around a mountain revealing a massive TRANSPARENT DOME covering a large cit Getting closer, we can see Mile High Stadium. And behind distinctive design of Denver International Airport....
19) 0) text: The Psychlo lumbers in with box-shaped AIR-FILTRATION UNI with a thin tube attached to it. He starts to slide one o tubes into Jonnie's nose, but Jonnie knocks the creature' The Psychlo growls, hurling Jonnie viciously across the c
20) 0) text: The Psychlo drives the flatbed.transport truck with the c it through an ENTRY PORT, complete with mammoth air-lock Jonnie studies everything with the trained eye of a skill
22) 0) text: The Psychlo removes the tube from his own nose and leans window, taking a deep, .contented breath...
24) 0) text: The sounds of HEAVY INDUSTRY fill the air as the truck tu street, passing a shift of PSYCHLO LABORERS trudging off pails to go work in the mines and smelting plants.
25) 0) text: The Psychlo backs the truck up to a loading dock and HONK Several GUARDS head over with a PROCESSING CLERK as the P “Human-Slave Wrangler" swings open the cargo cage. And now we can see that while this Psychlo is an imposing at nine feet tall, he's actually a bit of a runt. The oth Psychlos are all a good foot or two taller... Including the clerk, who takes one look at Jonnie and the and drills a hard stare into the undersized Psychlo "wran a)
27) 0) text: And even though Jonnie doesn't know what the Psychlos are about, he knows one thing. They're not paying him any att So he moves like a streak out the cage door. Carlo right
28) 0) text: But the wrangler isn't about to lose any more of his ‘car whirls, snatching Jonnie, then lunges for Carlo-- But Carlo manages to twist out of reach of the creature's sprint away through the warehouse. The wrangler pulls his PSYCHLO CLERK . Don't kill it! . We can't use it if it's’ dead-- . The wrangler gives him a snide, ‘How stupid do you think look. Jonnie watches from the ground as-- The Psychlo slides a lever above the blast-gun's trigger- into an up position, then takes aim and FIRES-- Carlo is knocked flat as the blue-bolt slams into him. Hi lies motionless, but intact, on the ground. The Psychlo holsters his fire-arm and scoops up Jonnie. S to toss him back into the cage but-- ident li he! 1 i esi é hi Jonnie has the weapon. And is pointing it straight at him wrangler sniggers. The same reaction from the other Psych It's like a ‘horse’ has somehow picked up a gun with its Only, Jonnie slides the weapon's lever into the gown-posi The wrangler is no longer laughing. He reaches down, coax Jonnie as if he was some kind of errant pet...
28) 4) text: The Psychlo Wrangler stares, stunned at the--
31) 0) text: A lively joint wher2 a bunch of Psychlo laborers let off playing LASER-BASH. Others consume libations while slappi pinching the asses of the female Psychlo wait-staff who p Terl plops onto a stool at the bar, but before he can ord served a saucepan full of KERBANGO, a thick oily beverage
32) 0) text: A PSYCHLO TECHNICIAN, wearing rubber gloves and a germ ma face, uses laser-scissors to cut the animal skins off of The skins get tossed into an INCINERATOR. The technician reaches over and yanks Chrissy's medallion from Jonnie's Jonnie tries to grab it back, but the technician swats hi like he was an insect, then holds up the object to see wh so damn important to the man-animal... And we can now see Chrissy's ‘shiny’ medallion is a SILVE
33) 0) text: Psychlo Guards use rod-like devices to prod the slower sl with sinister blasts of raw electricity.
34) 0) text: With the platform loaded with baskets of ore, an ALARM so the Psychlos immediately don protective goggles and ear-p The humans have no such gear to protect them as... The HUM of large generators starts to fill the air. Growi louder as they work-up to full power and there's suddenly An EAR-SPLITTING explosion of sound and BLINDING FLASH of as all the baskets of ore on the platform vanish. $ A brief moment of quiet respite. Then the deafening roar blazing light happens again. And this time...
35) 0) text: Bundreds of PSYCHLO LABORERS suddenly appear on the platf along with--
36) 0) text: A pair of Psychlo guards hold Jonnie down on a steel tabl IDENTIFICATION TECHNICIAN presses a--
39) 0) text: Jonnie, bloody and bruised, but alive, hobbles dow a ‘ste hallway with the other now branded slaves, when-- The Psychlos open up with HIGH POWERED HOSES. A solid stream of water savagely blasts into the defensel humans as the Psychlos hose down the dirty man-animals.
40) 0) text: Terl and the other Psychlo executives sits around a confe in a windowless dungeon. of a room which has been painted
42) 3) text: The place is packed and loud. The newly arrived Psychlo w getting plastered on kerbango while losing money paw-over laser bash and other assorted rigged games of ‘chance’. Terl storms up to the bar. The bartender looks up, surpri
43) 0) text: Psychlo guards patrol the Denver 200, keeping an eye on t humans locked-up for the night. Inside one of the many ca
44) 0) text: Jonnie, Carlo and several dozen men crowd around a small GAS TRUCK pulls up. A Psychlo guard inserts the truck's g through the bars, but instead of pumping out petrol... The hose discharges a green sludge-like food substance in trough. Jonnie starts over to the ‘dinner', but is stoppe FLOYD, a hulking brute of a man almost as large as a Psyc
45) 0) text: The Psychlo finishes discharging the food and retracts th From his P.O.V., Jonnie and Floyd's confrontation is unin like animals "talking" to each other in a z00, as...
51) 17) text: The Planetship JUMPS OFF the third floor railing. And nob seems the least bit surprised by this. Probably because.. The first two floors have been turned into a Psychlo-size pool. But instead of water, it's filled with an oily flui Planetship rubs the sludge into his fur, squirming in del
56) 0) text: Psychlo COOKS mix a disgusting green slop in giant tubs.
71) 0) text: An armored Psychlo MARK II GROUND’CAR hurtles above the g it comes screaming up toward--
72) 0) text: Our guys, who charge past a faded ‘Welcome to Aspen' sign way around a bend-- But as they top the hili, they run straight into one of Teri's backup vehicles. Psychios piling out. Jonnie goes berserk! The first two Psychlo guards stood no chance. With one backward stride, Jonnie is behind them. He sends them slamming together like egg shells. He catches the gun of one, as that Psychlo goes down and stamps his heel into the side of his skull. He reverses the gun and batters the other Psychlo with sh from a range of three inches. Jonnie drops on one knee, and blows the two last Psychlos have exited the craft to bits. Five other Psychlos fire in his direction.
72) 3) text: Jonnie's gun is empty. He throws it down and picks up the other one. Flips the switch to kill. Totally unmindful of the shots ripping up the ground, run low and firing as he goes, Jonnie races on. The others scattering around him. ‘He kneels behind a Psychlo body and sends a storm of sho into the five. They crash back. Jonnie pounds them into rolling bails of dead flesh. Runn firing as he goes.
74) 0) text: The Psychlo Ground Car hurtles around the last bend and c screaming out onto the clearing as--
76) 0) text: A PSYCHLO FIGHTER PLANE rockets up from the depths of the blocks J ie f Sane
87) 0) text: Ker hands’ Psychlo-sized paint-brushes to Carlo, the twin WEYWOOD, an older man with a friendly face.
87) 2) text: Pointing to giant buckets of purple paint, Ker barks some Psychlo, which the humans obviously can't understand.
89) 0) text: A somber Psychlo war song plays from speakers as Carlo, H and the twins paint the walls a fresh coat of purple. Terl happily hums along to the music as he attaches some RED-SQUARE to a choke collar. Ker is camped-out at his ow looking through some holographic pornography.
94) 0) text: Jonnie watching Terl and Ker on a monitor, while reading a Psychlo FIELD OPERATIONS MANUAL. In the rear of the room, the rest of the guys push and pu the handle to the massive VAULT.
110) 0) text: Returning the humans to their cage for the night, Terl st Mickey and Sammy. Impossible to tell the twins apart... The two young brothers watch with growing concern as Terl to them, while asking Jonnie something in Psychlo.
116) 0) text: A bunch of Psychlos crowd around the bar, consuming kérba including the RESEARCH CLERK that Terl checked out the di Ker joins the group, shaking his head despondently.
127) 0) text: Psychlo workers hose down the last of the fire from the e Ker follows behind as the Planetship strolls by with Terl adamantly shaking his head, pretending to be distraught.
147) 0) text: The cargo aircraft lands on top of the shopping mall wher and Carlo were first captured by the Psychlo wrangler. Jonnie and a small group of men emerge and race inside th Jonnie and a group of his men move through the store, sca WALKIE-TALKIES and RECHARGEABLE. BATTERIES, while-- . .
162) 0) text: The aircraft lands next to FORT KNOX. Our guys emerge, ca large Psychlo equipment cases, and head into the building
189) 0) text: Join the steady flow of other Psychlos responding to the But no one's in too big of a rush. It's just a man-animal EXT. CIVIC CENTER PARK -—- A LITTLE LATER Chrissy and the escaped humans watch as the Psychlos move them with ROPES, ELECTRIC PROD-STICKS, and NETS.
192) 2) dialog: I knew coming to one of these remote rim-star planets was a mistake. A second Psychlo emerges from another stall, not looking better. They trail after the guard, who heads back for th
196) 1) dialog: We're under attack. From man-animals with weapons. They've already killed-- Jonnie flashes inside, knocking away the radio, then slit Psychlo's throat.
198) 0) text: From his look-out position, Mickey spots a group of armed Psychlos sprinting toward the teleportation platform.
200) 0) text: Jonnie. pulls his blast-gun, waiting for the Psychlos to range. As they do, he OPENS UP FIRE-- EXT. MAIN ROAD —- CONTINUOUS One of the Psychlos goes down. And another. The remaining scramble for cover, returning fire--
202) 0) text: Carlo finishes planting five sets of explosives in a DIAM SHAPE around the dome's apex, when he whirls as-- A PSYCHLO CRAFTlLands on the dome behind him.
204) 0) text: The Psychlo, who keys his radio--
204) 1) dialog: This is Response Team Leader at the teleportation field-- Be instinctively turns toward the sudden NOISE of the roc landing behind him, inadvertently stepping out of his cov
205) 0) text: Which is all Jonnie needs. KABLAM! He drops the Psychlo. The other two monsters open up fire on-- Jonnie, who returns their fire, but his gun suddenly runs with a revealing CLICK...CLICK...CLICK...
206) 0) text: Hearing this, the two Psychlos immediately charge the bun
207) 0) text: Jonnie desperately searches for another weapon. But all h is his knife. Which won't do much good against... The two Psychlos storming into the bunker, turning their guns on him at point-blank-range--
207) 6) dialog: And what the hell is that-- KABLAM!! One Psychlo goes down in a‘bloody heap as-- . Jonnie has stalled them long enough for MICKEY to sneak d position. The remaining Psychlo turns his gun on the youn But Jonnie jumps the Psychlo from behind, slashing its th with his hunting knife.
210) 0) text: A heavily armed PSYCHLO SECURITY RESPONSE TEAM has deploy the aircraft and is firing at--
211) 0) text: And take off. One hand gripping a DETONATOR, Carlo watche Psychlos move to investigate the explosives set around th apex below.
213) 0) text: The Psychlos on the dome have already disarmed one set of explosives surrounding the apex, and are removing another
215) 0) text: KABBOONM!!! The Psychlos are blown to bits. But with only of the five explosive packages in place, the dome SPIDER- But doesn't collapse.
217) 0) text: A collective roar of enthusiasm goes up from the Psychlos orders are relayed. They toss down their nets and ropes a their blasters, setting them into KILL-POSITION, then-- Eire_on the unarmed humans. Chrissy urgently pulls her ra
220) 0) text: The blood bath continues as the Psychlos blast down the u humans like targets in some amusement park game. Chrissy desperately grabs a BRANCH from the ground and th like a kill-club-- The impact knocks the Blaster-Gun out of the paw of a Psy who is surprised a man-animal was able to do that... Let alone a female man-animal. Chrissy and the Psychlo bo for the weapon.
224) 1) text: If I were you, and thank-Psychlo I'm not, blowing up the dome would have been my move as well...
237) 0) text: MICKEY appears, along with Terl's coffins and the nuclear The Psychlo workers in the vicinity laugh at Mickey's fat Mickey stares at them without blinking--
242) 2) text: --Oh, we'll put you to work, don't worry. ° (explains) You told me yourself, Earth isn't the only planet that you Psychlos colonized.