16) 0) text: An icy wind blasts through the cage. But the cold is the Jonnie's concern as he spots Carlo lying motionless in th A pair of young, scrappy-looking twins, MICKEY and SAMMY, a reassuring look. They shout to be heard over the howlin
16) 2) dialog: But you wake-up-- And sure enough, Carlo groggily begins to stir. Relieved Jonnie. But then he looks around for Rock...
52) 4) dialog: We hear you're planning a break-out.
58) 0) text: Ker barges into the cage, and without warning, throws Jon Carlo and Floyd into a-- TRANSPORTABLE CARGO CAGE. Mickey and Sammy, trying to stay close to Jonnie, start t scramble into the cage, but Ker swats them away.
86) 1) text: Ker barges in and snaps a LEASH around Jonnie's neck. Car same treatment. And as Ker reaches out to grab some more Mickey and Sammy, discreetly slip forward, positioning th to be selected.
92) 1) dialog: --.So, that's what the monster's’ language looks like. Jonnie shakes his head, his eyes shining with the rapture knowledge as he explains... .
110) 0) text: Returning the humans to their cage for the night, Terl st Mickey and Sammy. Impossible to tell the twins apart... The two young brothers watch with growing concern as Terl to them, while asking Jonnie something in Psychlo.
110) 1) dialog: «--What did he say?
110) 8) text: Mickey nods, accepting his fate, whatever it may be. He t But Sammy has already stepped forward, sacrificing himsel Terl. Mickey, stunned, tries to stop him--
110) 10) dialog: --You were just trying to protect me. Terl grabs Sammy and Jonnie and marches away.
111) 0) text: Terl straps Sammy to the teleportation platform, then cal drags Jonnie down to--
113) 0) text: With a THUNDER-CLAP of sound and a BLINDING FLASH of ligh Sammy disappears from the platform--
114) 0) text: And appears on one of the countless teleportation platfor stretched out under a radiant purple sky. Sammy can't breath the air. Starting to suffocate. Panicking, the youngster desperately undoes the strap tet him to the platform and tries to run to safety, but-- The mich larger planet's immense gravitational pul] crush to his knees. His eyes bulging, he stares out at a--
114) 3) dialog: Lets out a gasping plea for help as his spine starts to c under the atmospheric weight. And the last thing he sees
150) 0) text: Mickey and Sammy lead_a separate team through a gun shop, collecting weapons, and--
152) 0) text: Jonnie shows his group basic engine mechanics as he rebui motor on a small, gas-powered generator. Nearby... Mickey and Sammy's team assemble crude, but effective-loo homemade bombs from the mining equipment.