29) 1) dialog: Who unlike the Psychlo laborers, wears a senior officer's adorned with impressive gold epaulets, denoting "Chief of His ever present assistant, KER, can't help but snicker a collision has splattered over his boss's perfectly presse But Terl doesn't seem to find it amusing. He shuts Ker up quick look, then rips Jonnie off his feet--
30) 0) text: Holding the filthy ‘man-animal' out at arm's length, Terl inside the warehouse, demanding to ‘know--
30) 1) dialog: Who is responsible for allowing this man-animal to run around unsupervised?! The clerk immediately points to the dead wrangler.
30) 3) dialog: I'm a little pressed for time. Save the ‘going-away' jokes for later.
30) 5) dialog: (to the clerk) Show me. Ca
30) 7) dialog: Reach for the gun.
30) 9) dialog: Sure. It ‘might’. And I ‘might' suddenly grow a third arm. we ee
30) 11) dialog: ~-Any reports filed today still have My name on it. And you're out of your skull if you think I'm going to write "Shot By Man-Animal" as the cause of death in the Security Field Report, unless I see it with my own eyes. (end of discussion) - This isn't a request, it's an order. Knowing he's treading on dangerous ground, the clerk star
30) 13) dialog: The regulations are quite clear. (dead serious) If you refuse to obey the order, it's a certainty that you will be killed The clerk swallows hard, then turns to Jonnie and... Lunges for the gun, trying to grab it before--
30) 15) text: An enormous paw blurs in the air, coming at him. Talons r the side of his face. Jonnie has the gun in position, and fires at the huge che He punches blast after blast into it, driving him back. Terl jerks the gun from Jonnie's hands, and sends a swipe across his chest that sends him crumbling to the ground.
30) 16) dialog: ---Well, I'll te camned.
31) 0) text: A lively joint wher2 a bunch of Psychlo laborers let off playing LASER-BASH. Others consume libations while slappi pinching the asses of the female Psychlo wait-staff who p Terl plops onto a stool at the bar, but before he can ord served a saucepan full of KERBANGO, a thick oily beverage
31) 4) text: The color drains from the bartender's face. Terl strolls chuckling, quite pleased with how fun that was. ~
35) 2) dialog: Welcome, your Excellency. As this planet's senior security officer, it would be my pleasure to expedite your on-planet clearance through security-- But the District Manager isn't listening. He's staring co through the transparent dome at the snow-capped Rocky mou
35) 4) dialog: -..I'm afraid so. qu 2 DISTRICT MANAGER I was told this planet was ugly... Be peers up at a fluffy cloud drifting across a clear blu DISTRICT MANAGER (cont'd) But it's got to be the ugliest crap~hole in the entire universe!
35) 5) dialog: I couldn't agree more, sir. Now if you'll please follow me... He finally manages to get the District Manager through se then seizes the opportunity to introduce Ker. TERL (cont'd) This is Executive-Assistant Ker. He's been fully trained to take-over as Security Chief, so there'll be no disruptions with my transfer-- He takes one last sickened look at the humans, declaring-
40) 0) text: Terl and the other Psychlo executives sits around a confe in a windowless dungeon. of a room which has been painted
40) 2) dialog: I just want to serve the corporation in whatever way they deem best, sir.
40) 4) dialog: (modestly) Thank you, sir. I've done my best--
42) 0) text: Ker chauffeurs at the wheel. In the back seat, Terl lower voice, so only the District Manager can hear.
42) 1) dialog: -+-Would you please explain to the senator that if I even had an inkling it was his daughter, I never would have--
42) 3) text: The place is packed and loud. The newly arrived Psychlo w getting plastered on kerbango while losing money paw-over laser bash and other assorted rigged games of ‘chance’. Terl storms up to the bar. The bartender looks up, surpri
42) 5) dialog: I can assure you I was not groomed since birth to get some ‘cushy job‘ that even a moron like you could perform! While you were trying to learn to spell your name, I was being trained how to conquer galaxies! And doing anything less is a disgrace to my entire family line--
47) 2) text: Ker despondently removes his picture from under the sign, with an audible sigh, hammers Terl's picture back up. And PULLING BACK yet again, we realize we're watching thi
48) 0) text: A lone monitor perched next to a bed, where Terl opens a
49) 4) dialog: If you're going to lie to me, at least have the decency to do a credible job. (dead serious) So, I don't look like a complete idiot for having tried to train you. He sharply jabs a talon toward Ker's secret hiding place. face goes death-white. How could Terl possibly know? But then Ker suddenly realizes. His eyes probing the room
49) 9) dialog: That's right. We don't. cee cee ne (matter-of-fact) I do. (re: the photo) | Start talking. Given the look in Terl's eyes, Ker decides his best chanc come clean, and to do it fast-- :
49) 11) dialog: And you were going to wait until after I transferred to turn it in, so you could get all the credit for it, yourself.
49) 13) dialog: I don't mind. Go ahead.and turn it in. (hands Ker the photo) But first, pretend you're not a complete imbecile and check the compo-gradients. Ker looks down, studying a miniature row of color bars at very bottom of the photo. His face falls as he realizes..
49) 15) dialog: --But What I Do Mind Is That You Betrayed Me Over A Lousy Recon Photo!
49) 17) dialog: Yes! But You Didn't know It Was Worthless-- He ratess +he hammer with lethal intent Bnd withait heait
49) 21) text: Only Ker manages to scramble out of the way at the last m He grabs the hammer from Terl and scrambles to his feet-— But freezes as Terl pulls his BLAST-GUN. KER (cont'd) You can't shoot me! It's against regulations. I'm not just some man- animal you can kill for sport--
49) 22) text: But Terl reaches for the trigger and... Stops. Staring at gun, his mind racing... Terl's eyes snap to the surveillance photo... Then to a m showing humans working in the mines... Then back to the g And_it suddenly connects for Terl. Ker mistakes all of this for same cruel pause before his inevitable execution and continues to plead--
49) 24) dialog: Shoot you? My most trusted colleague? Be holsters his gun and throws a friendly arm around Ker. TERL (cont'd) Of course not. We've got work to do. Ker clearly has no idea in hell what Terl's talking about long as it involves not getting shot, he's all for it. : TERL (con*'d) Tomorrow morning, we have to warn the _ Planetship about the “mutiny”.
49) 27) dialog: The one you're going to pretend is in the works, like your life depended on it... (dead serious) Because it does.
51) 0) text: The Planetship and his Assistant are stretched-out on CHA LOUNGES. But right now the Planetship looks anything but Across from him, Terl and Ker sit on a chaise-lounge next sun-lamp. Terl and Ker have concerned looks on their face
51) 1) dialog: .»-And if this worker revolt takes place, my informants tell me the first order of business will be to separate you from your head. © . :
51) 3) dialog: Our best chance to prevent this mutiny is to increase profits. So we don't have to keep cutting the worker's pay.
51) 5) dialog: But we have to pay those new workers. The Assistant Planetship gives Terl a snide look
51) 7) dialog: Man-animals do. A WAITRESS in low-cut garb slinks over with a tray of dri the Planetship waves her off, keeping his attention on Te TERL (cont'd) We already use them for manual labor... What if we could train them to take-on certain additional duties? Like operating mining machines. (quickly adds) That. way we can boost production increasing expenses. The Planetship and his Assistant wait for the punch-line. there isn't one. So they roar with laughter.
51) 11) dialog: Which is why you should have me take some man-animals and equipment out to a remote area. It's better you don't know where... And I‘ll try to train them. (nonchalant shrug) Have them do some test-mining. That way, if it doesn't work out, no one will know.
51) 13) dialog: --According to Regulations: volume 989, Article 34-A, Paragraph 19... A Planetship faced with a profit- threatening situation, such as a mutiny, is relieved of any and all lesser ordinances in the pursuit of protecting said profits. The Planetship chews on this. He can't argue with the log But shakes his head anyway, abruptly declaring--
52) 6) dialog: Who enjoy their breakfast out on the heated patio of the Officer Mess Hall.
52) 7) dialog: I did some research on man-animals last night. They actually possessed certain primitive technical abilities... . (beat) Surprisingly, they even managed to fire a crude probe into space. He slaps a picture of PIONEER ONE onto the table. Ker sho yellow meat into his mouth as he eyes the photo, dubious.
52) 10) dialog: Because they were stupid enough to put a plaque on it with pictures of themselves. One of our deep-space recons picked it up. And here's the kicker... Be points to the plaque visible in the photo. TERL (cont'd) The plaque was made from a rare metal that's worth a clanking fortune. And in addition to their pictures, the man- animals also included full directions to their planet. That's how we came here... (loves this part) They invited us. Ker cracks-up, finding this hysterical. Terl leans forwar giving him a conspiratorial wink. TERL (cont'd) «--And of course, all this means the plan has a good chance of working. Terl gets up and heads out. Confused, Ker chases after hi
53) 0) text: Catching up to Terl, Ker shakes his head.
53) 2) dialog: --The Planetship's hiding something. : All we have to do is figure out what it is, and we'll have leverage over him.
53) 4) dialog: ---What do you mean we? It's my plan. And before Ker can respond, Terl heads into--
54) 2) text: fTerl leans back in his chair, rubbing a talon over his l pretending to be thinking this over. And finally...
54) 3) dialog: I don't want to partner-up with an idiot. (challenges) How do I even know you understand the plan? Still reclining in his chair, Terl discreetly reaches und desk and pushes a GREEN BUTTON. This isn't seen by-- Ker, who rising to the task, holds up the surveillance ph the mountain range.
54) 5) dialog: But Home Planet owns this planet. The gold belongs to them. Ker nods, eager to prove he understands the whole plan.
54) 7) dialog: Putting aside the serious violations of teaching mining to an inferior race and insulting corporate superiors, each one in themselves punishable by death, you just advocated deliberate theft of company resources... (resigned sigh) So my duty requires me to report you, even though you will be vaporized and I'll have to train a new assistant. Ker's jaw is practically on the floor. Terl promptly push RED BUTTON under his desk before--
54) 9) dialog: Which is why it's a good thing I now have a recording of you laying out the plan, and me reprimanding you for it.
54) 12) text: Terl saunters over to a--
54) 14) dialog: Consider it part of your education.
54) 16) dialog: Never engage in a criminal activity until you set-up a patsy to pin everything on in case you're found out.
54) 18) dialog: So you won't be getting any bright ideas about getting rid of ‘ole Terl in order . to keep all the gold for yourself. : : ve
54) 21) dialog: Of course not. Because I'm going to set it up that if any ‘unfortunate accident’ were to befall me... (re: the disc) This goes straight to Home Office. He files the disc away within a collection of other such recordings housed within the vault, then shuts and locks door. Ker isn't happy about this, but what can he do? And to ma things worse, he realizes...
54) 23) dialog: } .- --You're the only qualified E-3 Level Support Executive on this planet other than the Assistant Planetship. (matter-of-fact) So if something were to ‘accidentally’ happen to him...
54) 27) dialog: Don't worry about that. We'll do it in an appropriate style... But right now, _we have a more pressing concern.
55) 0) text: Terl and Ker enjoy their lunch up in a guard tower overlo the humans slaving away below. Between mouthfuls, Ter] mo down to JONNIE, who struggles with a heavy load of ore. With almost a sense of begrudging respect, Terl explains.
55) 1) dialog: +. While that one does seem to be unusually intelligent and resourceful, at least for a man-animal, it also seems rather defiant. Which is why we'll need leverage over it. :
55) 4) dialog: --Thatis why we need leverage on it, you moron! 6&0, no one finds out. Ker stares down at Jonnie, exhausted by the idea.
55) 6) dialog: That's what makes it so much fun.
56) 2) dialog: Yes, but what would man like to eat? (clarifies) What would they consider a treat? COOK eee eee Wow the crap should I know?! (quickly adds--) Sir.
57) 0) text: Ker dejectedly kicks a rock as he follows Terl up the str
57) 2) dialog: Man is a primitive species. Ker can't argue with that, but still shakes his head.
64) 0) text: Terl and Ker, reclining in chairs with their feet up on d TRIO OF MONITORS showing our guys huffing and puffing up
64) 2) dialog: That's the whole point of this--
66) 0) text: Terl proudly points to the monitors, which show our guys open a door and heading into the snow-covered building. TERL . observe them in their natural habitat.
69) 1) dialog: Get off your fat ass! We got the info we needed, let's.go round ‘em up.
77) 0) text: Terl maneuvers the fighter plane to push Jonnie away from edge of the gorge.
78) 0) text: Terl locks our guys into the rear of the ground car as... Ker stares across the canyon to the other side, trying to something out. And then it finally dawns on him.
80) 0) text: The place is packed with its usual drunken debauchery. In back, Terl and the bartender engage in a private conversa ~-~ew
80) 1) dialog: Given that it looks like I'll be sticking around for a while, perhaps we should be discussing the terms of our new deal...
83) 2) dialog: "You tell Terl, that unlike ‘certain individuals', I hold an important job.”
83) 4) dialog: There are benefits to a first-class education. Terl hits play again, mimicking the Assistant Planetship' expressions and gestures playing on the monitor.
84) 0) text: Terl masterfully applies prosthetics »nd make-up to his f thickening his eye bones and darkening the fur on his che Until if we didn't know it was Terl, we'd swear it was th Assistant Planetship.
85) 0) text: Terl, disguised as the Assistant Planetship, shakes his h
85) 1) dialog: .-When Terl gave this suggestion in the meeting, I ridiculed it. Know why? The RESEARCH CLERK doesn't really care, but politely asks
85) 4) dialog: .. Well, if you got to know him, I'm sure you wouldn't think that. : |
85) 7) dialog: .»..Can you keep a secret?
88) 0) text: Terl roughly deposits Jonnie and the chair in the center room, then grabs a DISC from a pile and slides it into--
89) 0) text: A somber Psychlo war song plays from speakers as Carlo, H and the twins paint the walls a fresh coat of purple. Terl happily hums along to the music as he attaches some RED-SQUARE to a choke collar. Ker is camped-out at his ow looking through some holographic pornography.
89) 2) text: The blue light beaming at Jonnie's eyes clicks off. And s in Jonnie's P.0,V.: Terl leans down to Jonnie, speaking very slowly, extra-en each syllable... :
89) 3) dialog: ‘Hello...there...Do...You...Understand... What... I'm... Saying?... Jonnie can understand, but feigns a blank expression, pre he doesn't. Terl dangles a DEAD RAT in front of Jonnie's
89) 4) dialog: Are...You...Hungry...Little...Guy?.. But Jonnie keeps up his blank-face routine. Terl continues to ‘tease’ him with the rodent for a few b then pulls it away and restarts the machine, turning to K . TERL (cont'd) Obviously, this is going to take a : while. We might as well go get ourselves some lunch.
90) 0) text: Terl and Ker head out the door. The moment they're gone, charges into--
93) 2) dialog: ---I'm not sure the man-animals did fire that probe into space.
93) 7) dialog: What if there was a species on a different planet that detested man- animals, and it's easy to see why they would... And this other species, wanting man-animals exterminated, sent the probe to us with directions to the man-animal's planet.
94) 0) text: Jonnie watching Terl and Ker on a monitor, while reading a Psychlo FIELD OPERATIONS MANUAL. In the rear of the room, the rest of the guys push and pu the handle to the massive VAULT.
95) 0) text: Jonnie punches Terl' s . An entry light blinks rea ea eye number_into S red and the door remains cuers MICKEY uess he was more clever than that. Jonnie nods, but then-- the vault's keypad. locked.
96) 0) text: Terl and Ker march past Heywood, Carlo and the twins, who busy painting the walls, and head straight into...
96) 1) text: This time, Terl dangles two dead rats in front Jonnie.
96) 2) dialog: Do...You...Want...Lunch?... But Jonnie keeps up his blank-face routine. And is reward for it by being picked-up by the head and launched out in
97) 0) text: Jonnie skids across the floor, slamming into a wall. Terl impatiently marches over to him, pulling his Blast-Gun.
97) 1) dialog: It's obviously asking too much of these man-animal things to grasp a language as sophisticated as Psychlo. But Ker isn't willing to give-up hope of the gold and tri sound convincing as--
97) 3) dialog: ~--We don't have time! He storms over and grabs a series of surveillance photos desk. Jonnie discreetly signals across the room to... Carlo, who holds his breath, praying he doesn't get caugh He slowly reaches between Terl's legs and pushes the GREE recording as...
97) 4) dialog: I can't keep hiding the recon-photos from Home Office, forever. Plus, at the rate the glacier is melting, the gold's about to fall into the ravine.
97) 8) dialog: We'd have to use explosives. Home Office would detect them and send down a survey team, which means we wouldn't be able to keep the gold for ourselves. Be takes one last forlorn look at the photos, then lashes anger, delivering a vicious kick to Jonnie. TERL (cont'd) And this damn thing's been on the machine for two full days now, and still can't even speak one word! It's hopeless. (mind made up) We terminate the operation and cover our tracks. He points his blast-gun down at Jonnie and--
97) 12) dialog: In an unprecedented public display of joy, hops up and do pumping his arms in victory.
97) 13) dialog: It speaks! It actually speaks! (as if Jonnie was a toy) Goon. Say something else.
97) 18) dialog: Just because I taught you how to speak Psychlo, you're still the inferior race... Which means I give you orders. Xou don't give me orders. Understand?
97) 20) dialog: Oh, really? And how exactly do you plan to do that-- Jonnie gives the signal. With a sudden flurry of movement Carlo, Heywood, and the twins pull BLAST-GUNS from behind paint buckets. Jonnie keeps his attention on Terl.
97) 22) dialog: You sure they even know how to use those things-- A COLLECTIVE CLICK as our guys slam the levers down on th to kill position. Ker immediately throws his arm up in pu And Terl is no longer chuckling. He looks around at the g pointed at him and buries his head in his paws, and begin Howl with laughter. Convulsing so hard, tears run down hi TERL (cont'd) Can you imagine the official report? (gasps for air) Head of Security killed by man-animals! Still laughing hysterically, he rears back to smack Jonni Mickey jumps forward and FIRES his gun at Terl-- Only there's nothing but a CLICK. The weapon doesn't fire Sammy leaps forward and fires his Blaster. CLICK. His gun doesn't work either. Carlo and Heywood get the same resul
97) 25) dialog: If you rat-brains knew anything about firearm safety, you'd know one doesn't store loaded weapons. Then he turns to take care of the others. Goes to smack S But Mickey protectively grabs a LETTER-OPENER from a desk blinding speed, plunges the blade straight for Terl's che ' Only as fast as Mickey is, Terl is faster, and he defle \ blow with his arm, sustaining a small cut in the proces Terl then promptly relieves Mickey of the letter-opener a the trembling twin by the throat, holding him firmly in p
97) 26) dialog: Next time you want to stab someone, let me show you how to do it right-- He raises the sharp blade high above Mickey's chest--
97) 31) dialog: «+I think it's time we showed our little friend here a thing or two.
99) 0) text: Carlo, Heywood and the twins watch with concern as Terl d Jonnie by a leash across the street and up marble steps. ©
100) 0) text: Terl’s usual deep throated voice sounds even more ominous echoes eerily in the library's expansive entryway.
100) 1) dialog: As long as you cling to the feeble hope that you can get the better of me, you'll be distracted from the important work which needs to be done. Which is why I share the following with you... He gives the leash a good hard jerk, yanking Jonnie down
101) 0) text: Terl moves at his normal gait, forcing Jonnie to run to k TERL (cont'd) When we attacked your planet, all your soldiers, using your best military technology, were only able to put-up a measly nine minute fight before we exterminated them, along with all but a few of the six billion humans polluting this planet. He snaps the leash, whiplashing Jonnie into--
102) 0) text: The shelves lining this cavernous tomb of a room are stac of books. An endless variety of subjects and titles. TERL (cont'd) Everything you humans knew is in here. He makes a big production of letting go of the leash, giv Jonnie full run of the place. TERL (cont'd) And you can look at anything you want. Because there's nothing that can help you. He watches amused as Jonnie takes him up on his offer, pu books from shelves. Terl can't resist calling after him-- TERL (cont'd) But I'm sure you'll find a lot of recipes on how to prepare raw rat. Terl cracks-up, finding this particularly entertaining.
104) 0) text: Terl is filing his talons. Across from him, Jonnie finish looking through a large stack of books. 1 Satisfied? ’ JONNIE Yes. As Jonnie heads for the door, Terl steals a peek at the b was just looking at. It's the Declaration of Independence But Terl can't read English. Unconcerned, he just shrugs, swatting the book across the room.
105) 1) text: Terl emerges from the vehicle, followed by Jonnie.
105) 4) dialog: That's it? Jonnie nods. Terl is surprised, but shrugs and continues subject at hand. He pulls his Blast-Gun, explaining-- EL A an nnn NNN TERL (cont'd) Allow me to demonstrate. Be turns and FIRES into the middle of the--
107) 0) text: Terl, who is too busy with his shooting demonstration, to But he does note the look in Jonnie's eyes as Jonnie star away. And misreading it as revulsion to the carnage on th
107) 1) dialog: Don't you know your own history? Man- kind was the only animal on this planet that hunted other animals for sport... (has to admit) Which means there might be some hope for your species after all-- The GRIZZLY slams into Terl from behind-- The fierce impact jars the gun from Terl's grasp as he's MAULED down. And with the grizzly on his back, pinning hi Terl is unable to get his own talons up at--
107) 5) dialog: Look, we can work out a deal. There's more than enough gold to go around--
107) 10) dialog: You've learned more Psychlo than I ever thought possible.
107) 12) dialog: To toy with me like this before you kill me. I'm impressed... (genuinely) You honor me. He closes his eyes, bows his head, ready for his executio Jonnie stands there, the gun now sighted on Terl. His fin aching to pull the trigger. But he doesn't...
107) 18) text: TERL can't understand what the man-animals are babbling a a But his eyes remain focused on the gun in Jonnie's hand a for a chance to grab it-- But Jonnie keeps the weapon leveled on Terl's chest, as h continues to address the others... JONNIE (cont'd) ' «..And what about the others back at the mining camp?
107) 29) text: = if . Damn right I would have, rat-brain! ! . (chortles) That's the first intelligent thing 1 you've said, yet. He points Jonnie to the far edge of the field. TERL (cont'd) Rest-break's over. There's something else you need to see--
108) 0) text: Terl proudly points down to the domed city below.
108) 1) dialog: That entire city doesn't even equal one block in one of the hundreds of thousands of cities on the great Home Planet of Paychlo. And from there, we control countless outposts all over the universe. Each one much larger than this. One of those outposts used to be : the Chinko's planet. Terl stares Jonnie straight in the eye, making sure he un
108) 3) text: TERL (cont'd) The Chinkos were the ones who designed the Learning Machine. They were far ~ . more advanced than you rat-brains. And _ when they tried to revolt, we sent down ( ? our gas drones, and within minutes every ~ last one of them was exterminated. (sure of this) So get it through your little excuse for a brain. There is no way a species as primitive as yours could ever defeat us. He lets Jonnie chew on that for a beat, then concedes... TERL (cont.'d) But you were right about one small thing. If you refuse to mine the gold, I may not have enough time to train anyone else. Which is why it is imperative that you are properly motivated-- A SECOND Mark II Ground Car pulls up. Ker emerges from th vehicle and opens the trunk, pulling out-- ' CERISSY. Relief floods her eyes when she sees Jonnie. At least he' But as hard as it is to do, Jonnie gives Chrissy an emoti vacant look. like she means nothing to him { ) sO And Chrissy senses enough to duplicate this look. ! Jonnie very closely. .
108) 4) dialog: ' ++-You don't know her? He pulls out Chrissy's charcoal drawing of Jonnie. TERL (cont'd) This was on her when she was collected. Jonnie tries to hide the fear in his eyes at what Terl mi He doesn't have to wait long to find out... Terl holds up a CBOKE-COLLAR with a red square on it. TERL (cont'd) This collar has enough explosive to easily remove her head from her body. He secures the collar to Chrissy's neck, then pulls a REM CONTROL. TERL (cont'd) And this remote can activate the explosive from anywhere on the planet. So if you ever disobey me, let me show you exactly what will happen.
109) 2) dialog: Fine... As a gesture to our new working relationship, I will grant you this one request. I won't kill him. But you can never ask for anything else again.
109) 4) dialog: As I said, I won't kill him... Ker gives Jonnie an evil grin, then slowly pushes the but
110) 0) text: Returning the humans to their cage for the night, Terl st Mickey and Sammy. Impossible to tell the twins apart... The two young brothers watch with growing concern as Terl to them, while asking Jonnie something in Psychlo.
110) 8) text: Mickey nods, accepting his fate, whatever it may be. He t But Sammy has already stepped forward, sacrificing himsel Terl. Mickey, stunned, tries to stop him--
111) 0) text: Terl straps Sammy to the teleportation platform, then cal drags Jonnie down to--
112) 0) text: ferl punches commands into a console. Over the hum of the generators coming to life, Terl explains to Jonnie...
112) 1) dialog: Now that you and I have our little agreement straight, I want you to watch this, so you can tell the others: what'll happen to them if any of you ever disobey me. He points Jonnie's attention to a monitor, beaming back i teleportation platforms on the HOME PLANET OF PSYCHLO as.
115) 0) text: Jonnie rips his eyes away from the abominable scene playi the monitor. In contrast... Terl views it to its bitter end, clucking the whole time enjoyment.
116) 0) text: A bunch of Psychlos crowd around the bar, consuming kérba including the RESEARCH CLERK that Terl checked out the di Ker joins the group, shaking his head despondently.
118) 0) text: Terl hurries down a hallway. A pair of GUARDS snap a salu immediately open a door, allowing him into--
119) 1) dialog: You wanted to see me--
121) 0) text: Terl, convincingly disguised as the Assistant Planetship, in with a conspiratorial whisper to the Research Clerk.
121) 1) dialog: «.+-Can you keep a secret?
123) 0) text: Terl, in the guise of the Assistant Planetship, looks aro making sure no one's listening, before ‘confiding’...
123) 1) dialog: +..Why the hell should we put up with reduced pay and no vacations, all because our incompetent Planetship has no idea how to properly run this place?
125) 0) text: ON THE RECORDING, Terl continues...
125) 1) dialog: All it would take is one strategically placed door-bomb and I'd be in charge.
126) 4) dialog: If you refuse to cooperate with this investigation, I'm afraid regulaticns: would require me to vaporize you for the charge of high treason... The Assistant Planetship sighs. Then closes his eyes and his body, as if that could samehow protect him from an ex And he slowly cracks open the door. Nothing happens.
127) 0) text: Psychlo workers hose down the last of the fire from the e Ker follows behind as the Planetship strolls by with Terl adamantly shaking his head, pretending to be distraught.
127) 1) dialog: But you can't take Ker! He's the best assistant I ever had-- y . " ¢ PLANETSEIP ~7You're out of your skull if you think I'm going to wait for Home Office to process a requisition for a new E-3 Level Executive Assistant! a
127) 2) text: Terl and Ker share a secret look of victory.
128) 0) text: Jonnie sits alone in the corner, For the first time, he l defeated. He doesn't even bother to look up as... Terl cheerfully strides up, snaps a leash around Jonnie's and yanks him to his feet.
128) 1) dialog: You've got a busy day ahead of you, rat-brain. You'll start with discs on mining techniques, core sampling, and machine operations. He dangles a handful of dead rats in front of Jonnie's fa TERL (cont'd) , Then after lunch, it's on to drilling : and flying simulators. Jonnie nods numbly. There's no more fight left in him.
132) 1) dialog: (growls) Crash one more time, and your little friend is no longer among the living. He holds up the REMOTE to Chrissy's explosive collar, the restarts the simulator.
137) 0) text: It's a whole different Jonnie. Attentive and focused as h fingers fly over the similator's control panel. Terl watches, impressed. Then holds up the remote to Chri explosive collar, gloating...
137) 1) dialog: Never underestimate what a little leverage can do, rat-brain. Jonnie nods, letting Terl believe what he wants to.
139) 0) text: The Planetship strolls into his office, but freezes in hi What the hell are Terl and Ker ‘doing in his inner-sanctu But then he sees the files all neatly laid out on his des looks at them, the life draining from his eyes. TERL . Isn't it interesting you've been keeping two sets of books... And while you've told the workers that this planet's operating at a loss, it's actually quite profitable. The Planetship shakes his head, feebly trying to explain.
139) 2) dialog: Of course you did... (knowing smile) And it had nothing to do with how it allows you to cut everyone's pay, so you keep all the extra credits for yourself.
139) 4) dialog: --I'm afraid company regulations requires me to vaporize you. TERL (cont'd) But I can see how someone in your position, faced with growing old and no future, might be forced to find creative ways to solve your financial problems.
139) 6) dialog: And it's not in any of our interests for you to stop being the Planetship... But it may be prudent for you to start sharing some of your authority. Ker hands the Planetship a huge sheaf of requisition and forms, along with a pen to sign then.
139) 8) dialog: --If you don’t want to do it this way, we could always do it by the book. He pats his Blast-Gun, underscoring the threat.
140) 2) dialog: That's not even the crazy part. (holds up an order form) He's ordered me to take a group of man- animals with the equipment out to a remote area to see if they can be trained to mine. Can you imagine that?!
140) 4) dialog: Tell me about it. But what can I do... (helpless shrug) An order's an order.
142) 0) text: Terl keeps a careful eye on Jonnie, who is piloting the a An ALARM suddenly blares through-out the cockpit--
143) 0) text: Terl motions Jonnie to the cargo c a the meadow neasbes go cage as Ker lands the fighter in
143) 1) dialog: Meet me back here in fourteen days with at least half of that cage full of gold, or I'll ‘terminate’ your entire operation. As the threat hangs there, Terl checks his time-piece.
146) 0) text: Terl, who gives the surveillance photo to Jonnie. I
146) 1) dialog: Tell them that even though I won't be at the mining site, I'll be able to keep an eye on you... (admonishes) And anyone who isn't working hard will be ‘replaced', if you know what I mean. He pats his blast-gun, making sure Jonnie understands, th and climbs into the fighter as Ker pilots it up and away. Jonnie and the men start back to the cargo aircraft, but instantly whirls. Eyes scanning the underbrush in the tre He grabs a PICK-AX from the mining equipment, holding it weapon. Following his lead, the rest of the men do likewi The bush moves. And out from behind it steps-- A wild-eyed figure with the look of someone who has survi long time alone in the wilderness. Ignoring the ‘array -o pointed at him, the ROGUE stares at Jonnie in complete aw
159) 0) text: Terl grabs the surveillance photo as soon as it spits out the transmission receiver. He gives a satisfied nod.
159) 5) dialog: Bribe my way off this god-forsaken planet and get assigned a real position that's worthy of my talents and training.
159) 11) dialog: Not a job... Respect. The fierce desire is palpable in his voice.
168) 0) text: Jonnie stands next to a cargo cage half-full of GOLD BARS waits for Terl to land his aircraft and climb out. Terl is impressed, but also instantly suspicious.
168) 1) dialog: Why is it in bars?
168) 3) dialog: I obviously need to adjust the schedule. Since you rat-brains had enough extra time to smelt the gold into bricks, I will now expect the rest of the gold in seven days. Not bothering to wait for a response, Terl loads the glor gold into his aircraft.
172) 0) text: Terl rips the lid off of a coffin and yanks out the dead damping the corpse to the ground and kicking it out of hi He repeats the process with another coffin, uriceremoniou flinging the corpse to the ground, then fires up a LASER and blasts away, carving FALSE BOTTOMS into'the caskets.
174) 0) text: Still whistling his war song, Terl begins filling the fal bottoms in the coffins with his beloved gold.
182) 0) text: Terl-comes strolling into the office, but suddenly stops tracks. EVERY MONITOR in the room is playing a recording TERL (ON THE MONITORS ). ...We'd have to use explosives. Home Office would detect them and send down a survey team, which means we wouldn't be able to keep the gold for ourselves. Ker smugly pauses the disc, FREEZING the guilty evidence.
182) 2) dialog: Congratulations! I knew there was a true Psychlo in you somewhere! Ker remains on guard. He's not about to fall for any trap But Terl seems genuinely happy, if not downright ecstatic TERL (cont'd) You finally figured out how to get proper leverage on someone. (MORE )
182) 3) text: TERL (cont'd) Which means I haven't wasted my time trying to train you! Ker can't believe it. This is going much better than he t
182) 5) dialog: Don't be crazy! You don't know how long I've been waiting for this day. And I know just the perfect way to celebrate-- He pulls his Blast-Gun and slides it into kill position--
182) 7) dialog: And how about giving the old teacher a clue as to who this person might be?
182) 9) dialog: Well, then how the hell am I supposed to know who it is. I mean, it could be anyone on this damn planet... It could be one of the mechanics. It could be a concubine. It could be someone in the communications office. Hell, it could even be... Terl opens his desk drawer and calmly pulls out--
182) 13) text: TERL (cont'd) You know, you really should chose your friends a bit more carefully... Ker looks from the head to the desk drawer to Terl, reali Terl had this planned all along. His body slumps in defea Terl raises his blast gun.
182) 15) dialog: Here's your final exam. Try real hard to pass it... When committing a crime, how many patsies does one need? As Ker chews on this, Terl reminds him-- . TERL (cont'd) And while you're thinking, remember all the hard work we put into getting leverage on the Planetship. A process, I might add, that you were quite resourceful in helping with. The life drains from Ker as...
182) 17) dialog: Very impressive. You pass the exam with highest marks. KABLAM! Terl shoots a fist-sized hole through Ker's face. TERL (cont'd) But I'm afraid you failed the course. Ker is dead long before he hits the ground.
187) 0) text: TERL finishes loading the coffins full of his precious go a cart as he barks into his radio--
187) 1) dialog: -+.Then send all available guards to round them up! I'm busy, you don't have to bother me with every little detail
212) 5) dialog: Hope I'm not interrupting anything. An eerie stillness as the generator-dynamos slowly fall s
216) 0) text: Keeping his gun trained on Jonnie and Mickey, Terl keys h
216) 1) dialog: This is Security Chief, Terl. I've personally taken care of the situation at the teleportation field. There is no need to send additional guards
216) 3) dialog: Negative. Our boys have been working: hard and deserve a little fun.. Tell them to set their weapons to kill position and happy-hunting. (grins) Exterminate all the man-animals at will. Jonnie returns the stare in helpless anguish ‘as--
224) 0) text: In contrast to TERL, who calmly pulls a breath-mask from As he secures the mask, he explains to Jonnie with a smir
226) 1) dialog: Uplink a red-alert to Home Planet. (matter-of-fact) It's time we eradicate these pitiful man-animals once and for all.
229) 0) text: Terl finishes loading his gold onto the Platform, then \ gun on Jonnie...
229) 1) dialog: Even though you're just a rat-brain, I must admit you gave me quite a sporting challenge. And you'll make a hell of an interesting conversation piece once you're stuffed and hanging on the wall at the Academy Alumni Club. With the weapon trained on Jonnie, Terl backs up to the c bunker. Mickey can't keep the panic from his voice.
229) 4) text: Terl punches in the last of the commands for teleportatio
230) 0) text: Jonnie charges off the platform. Terl spins and FIRES at But Jonnie manages to dive clear of the shot, then pivots blurring speed and throws his--
230) 2) dialog: Who tries to twist out of the way, but the knife slams de his shoulder. Terl pulls it out as--
233) 0) text: Jonnie locks eyes with Terl, trying to keep him from noti Mickey scrambling onto the platform with the nuclear weap
233) 2) dialog: I'm afraid you're in no position to be making requests—
233) 5) dialog: Trust me. I want nothing more-- Terl plunges the remote's button. Obviously not realizing When Jonnie grabbed his shoulder, he had clasped the expl collar from Chrissy under one of the gold epaulettes and-
233) 6) text: + Blood gushing from his shoulder where it used to be connected to an arm. Terl is too stunned to react as-- Jonnie dives to the ground, grabbing the blaster-gun stil connected to what's left of Terl's arm.
237) 0) text: MICKEY appears, along with Terl's coffins and the nuclear The Psychlo workers in the vicinity laugh at Mickey's fat Mickey stares at them without blinking--
242) 0) text: Terl, a stump where his arm used to be, downs a shot of k in his new ‘living quarters', which have been painted pur him. He stares at Jonnie through the steel bars.
242) 1) dialog: What kind of barbaric species are you rat-brains? Either put me to work as a slave or have the decency to vaporize me. (with revulsion) But to imprison me--
242) 4) dialog: She speaks Psychlo.
242) 7) dialog: One could only hope.
242) 11) dialog: (snide laugh) And why the hell would I ever help you?!