4) 5) dialog: I can't run and play.
4) 7) text: Georgina smiles and pats the horse's nose. ANOTHER ANGLE -- Featuring Mrs. Marsh as she smiles watch Gray and the child.  He turns back toward her.
4) 11) dialog: Thank you.
4) 14) text: CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina looking at Gray with great pleased eyes.  This has made a definite impression on her.
5) 2) text: Meg gives Mrs. Marsh a quick look and then turns to look Gray.  A glance passes between them; a glance which tells previous acquaintance, yet neither speaks.  He turns and down the steps.  Silently, Meg opens the door and allows Marsh to push Georgina's wheel chair through into the hal
6) 0) text: Georgina's wheel chair is pushed into this gloomy and forbidding entry.  Meg closes the door behind them, then without further word, strides down the hall.  Mrs. Marsh the little girl wait and look around. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina.  With great wide eyes the child l around at the antlered stag head, the cruel-looking walki sticks in the umbrella stand and the light-footed Mercury with caduceus upraised.  The caduceus throws its patterne shadow across the child's face. CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Georgina and Mrs. Marsh.  Mrs. Marsh se the fright in the child's face and reassuringly pats her shoulder.  There is the sound of a door opening and they look off in that direction. MED. FULL SHOT -- The doorway to the sitting room, SHOOTI PAST Georgina and her mother.  Framed in this doorway is tall, robust figure of Dr. Douglas MacFarlane, a man in t prime of life, dressed with almost flamboyant foppishness carrying himself with the assurance that the world is not only his oyster, but that he has it pinned on a fork and swallow it and digest it with pleasure. THREE SHOT -- Georgina, Mrs. Marsh and Dr. MacFarlane.
6) 2) text: He half-bows in acknowledgment. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) I'm Mrs. Marsh -- this is my daughter -- Georgina.
7) 10) dialog: (setting her jaw) I don't know.
7) 12) dialog: I don't know.
7) 14) text: He leaves the sentence unfinished and goes toward the cen of the room.  Mrs. Marsh leans down beside the chair. TWO SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh and Georgina.
7) 16) text: Georgina darts a glance in MacFarlane's direction.
7) 17) dialog: (whispering) Mother -- he frightens me.
7) 24) text: Fettes walks up shyly to the child. TWO SHOT -- Fettes and Georgina.  Fettes stands abashed a awkward before the clear-eyed glance of the little invali He smiles at her.  The child smiles back.
7) 25) dialog: Are you a doctor, too?
7) 27) dialog: You'll be a good doctor.  I know all about doctors.
7) 31) dialog: (studying him) What you really want to ask me is about my back, isn't it -- about where it hurts?
7) 33) dialog: Well --
7) 34) text: She leans forward and reaches around with one hand. GEORGINA (cont'd) It's sort of all around here -- then down my legs -- it aches as if I had been walking an awfully long way -- (looking up at Fettes) That's funny, isn't it -- because I can't walk at all.
28) 0) text: The ramparts of the castle of Edinburgh are about thirty wide and overgrown with the grass of centuries.  This for narrow lawn between two crenellated stone walls.  From th battlements only a distant horizon line, a few spires and fleecy clouds above the town can be seen. LONG SHOT -- a small group of children.  The CAMERA PANS these children as they run, laughing and shouting, across lawn of the ramparts.  When they run past the little wheelchair in which Georgina is seated, the CAMERA HOLDS Georgina.  She turns her head to watch the children run o Then she turns and looks the other way to where her mothe and Fettes are standing by the ramparts, deep in conversation.  The CAMERA PANS WITH her gaze.  They are o of earshot of the child talking in low, confidential tone
28) 3) text: Mrs. Marsh looks over at Georgina, then back to Fettes.  Fettes turns and looks over at Georgina. FETTES (cont'd) There will be great pain connected with it, ma'am.  During the operation and afterward -- great pain and shock --
28) 8) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina.  Seated in her little wheel chair, she is cuddling a porcelain-faced doll of the peri Suddenly she hears something in the street far below.  It the clop-clop of horse's hoofs and the ringing of wheels the cobble stones.  She looks up and tries to raise herse in her wheel chair to see over the parapet.  She is unabl do so.  She calls out to her mother.
28) 9) dialog: Mommie!  Mommie!
28) 10) text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Georgina in the f.g.  Fettes and Mrs. M turn to go toward her. GEORGINA (cont'd) Push me to the wall, Mommie.  I think I hear him.
28) 13) dialog: The white horse.  The horse that is going to greet me when he sees me.
28) 15) text: Georgina nods.  He gets her as far as the wall and she lo over.  She peers down, then turns back with a look of disappointment on her face. DOWN SHOT -- from the Ramparts.  On the street below a carriage is passing drawn by a brown horse. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina and Fettes.
28) 16) dialog: (disappointed) It was a brown horse.
28) 21) dialog: He was a nice horse.
28) 23) text: Georgina looks at him, thinks a moment, then nods her hea
28) 24) dialog: Of course -- I don't have friends.  That's because I can't walk.  I try to make myself used to it.
28) 29) dialog: (with dreadful sincerity) I want it --
28) 31) text: Georgina nods. FETTES (cont'd) Then, Dr. MacFarlane will make you well.
28) 32) text: He smiles at her and although this direct conversation ab her illness has brought tears to her eyes, Georgina smile back at him and Mrs. Marsh, looking down at them, smiles In her eyes also are tears.
46) 0) text: It is a bright afternoon and there is no fire on the hear Mrs. Marsh is seated on the sofa and Meg sits beside her. tea service on a small table is between them.  Georgina's empty wheel-chair is in evidence.
47) 0) text: LONG SHOT.  The room no longer has its ordinary arrangeme The tables and benches have been pulled up around the cen marble-topped table for use as an impromptu grandstands.  Students are standing on the tables and benches, peering in tense and silent excitement at something on the table. There is the sound of a child's groan; a gasp of pain. CLOSE FULL SHOT -- the circle around the table.  Georgina partially covered by a sheet, lies on the slab.  MacFarla in shirt sleeves and apron bends over her. Richardson and some other students are close around him.  Fettes crouche the head of the table; his face near that of the child. is a very low camera setup which hides the actual busines the operation from the audience, but which allows them to the reactions to it on the faces of the students.
50) 0) text: The doctor, Fettes, Mrs. Marsh and Georgina are all toget Georgina is seated in her little wheelchair.  The doctor stands before her, looming above her, glowering with ill concealed rage.  Fettes kneels at the side of the wheelch while Mrs. Marsh sits nervously perched on the sofa.
50) 2) dialog: I can't.
50) 6) text: Georgina bursts into tears.  MacFarlane makes a disgusted gesture. MACFARLANE (cont'd) (trying to control himself) I ask you, child, to do a simple thing -- raise yourself with your hands to a standing posture -- then step out with your left foot -- try it.
50) 7) text: Georgina shakes her head. MACFARLANE (cont'd) I say, try it!  Lift yourself up now!
50) 8) text: Georgina lifts herself up by her hands to a semistanding posture. MACFARLANE (cont'd) Good.  Now step out.
50) 10) dialog: I can't!  I can't!  My legs won't move.
58) 0) text: A little boy rolling a hoop goes past the camera. Behind come running a little convoy of children, laughing and shouting. When they have passed the camera, Fettes enters scene. He is dejected. His hands are in his pockets and h head is down as he walks toward Georgina and her mother. Georgina is in her wheelchair. Her head is turned as she watches the children run out of sight.
58) 3) dialog: I thought this was a school day.
58) 9) text: DOLLY SHOT - as Fettes and Mrs. Marsh walk slowly away fr Georgina.
58) 14) text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Georgina. She is playing with her doll. Suddenly, from far below her she hears the clop-clop of a horse's hoofs and the rumble of iron wheels. She looks up listens.  MED. FULL SHOT - Fettes and Mrs. Marsh.
58) 16) text: SHOT - Georgina. She is listening intently. The hoof beat are right underneath her at the base of the castle wall. tries to look over the parapet; cannot. She calls out.
58) 17) dialog: Mommie! Mommie!
58) 18) text: FULL SHOT - Mrs. Marsh and Fettes. They are talking inten together. Mrs. Marsh is holding her parasol in such a way that it is between her and Georgina.  Georgina's call com very faintly over their conversation. Neither of then tur toward the child.           
58) 20) text: CLOSE SHOT - Georgina. The hoof beats are beginning to recede. There is a slight wind blowing. She turns around look at her mother and calls again.
58) 21) dialog: Mommie!  Mommie!
58) 23) dialog: Mommie -- the white horse -- I'm sure it's the white horse -- 
58) 27) text: SHOT - Georgina. She has gotten herself to the same semi erect position she had been before and now in her despera effort to see over the battlement, she suddenly straighte her knees; her hands lift off the arms of the chair. With knowing it, she is standing. She tries again to look over wall and again the height and distance is too much for he Completely unconscious of what she is doing, she takes a forward step and from this vantage point she can look ove the wall. She turns back with disappointment on her face. calls to her mother.
58) 28) dialog: Mommie! It was another horse.
58) 29) text: CLOSE FULL SHOT -- Fettes and Mrs. Marsh with the child i the b.g. They see the child standing. Mrs. Marsh makes a wordless exclamation of joy.  She doesn't even dare to mo for fear this might be a vision.  ANOTHER ANGLE -- Fettes, Mrs. Harsh and Georgina. Mrs. Ma and Fettes run in. CLOSE FULL SHOT-- of the three.
58) 33) dialog: (excited and almost in tears) I wanted to see the white horse --