10) 0) text: The anatomy room is dim.  Long level bars of light come through the wide windows to illuminate the bare austerity this classroom.  The long rows of tables have a sombre an empty look.  Everything is meticulously clean. At one of the tables is the hunched, dark and evil figure Joseph, the janitor of the school.  He is engaged in rubb the surface of a marble-topped table.  The door on the landing opens.  MacFarlane and Fettes come through.  MacFarlane still has his arm linked through that of his y friend and is listening to Fettes' gratitude with evident pleasure.
10) 4) text: MED. SHOT to include Joseph in the f.g. and Fettes and MacFarlane as they reach the floor level of the anatomy r Joseph, continuing his work, casts a sidelong glance at t doctor and student.  It is evident he is listening to eve word they say. MACFARLANE (cont'd) Now -- as to your duties.  It is up to you to keep the accounts and to distribute the specimens to the students.  Also, inasmuch as you'll be living in the house --
10) 5) text: He looks over and glances at Joseph and having noticed th Joseph is eavesdropping, breaks off short. MACFARLANE (cont'd) (to Joseph) Joseph --
10) 6) text: Joseph looks up. MACFARLANE (cont'd) What are you doing, sneaking about here like a Redskin?  Make a little noise, man.  Let people know you're about --
10) 7) dialog: (meekly) Yes, Doctor -- yes.
10) 9) text: He takes Fettes' arm again and leads him off toward the o end of the anatomy room.  The two medicals go out of ears with Joseph in the f.g.
20) 5) text: He starts rearranging the skeleton's limbs.  Richardson grins.  It is at this moment that Joseph comes sidling up the group.
20) 6) dialog: Mr. Fettes --
20) 7) text: Fettes looks over at him. JOSEPH (cont'd) A lady is asking for you.
20) 9) text: Joseph shrugs.  Fettes, seeing that he'll get no enlightenment from him, turns to the students. FETTES (cont'd) If you gentleman will excuse me --
30) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT -- Joseph at the desk.  He has the account boo open before him and with index finger moving from letter letter, he is laboriously but silently spelling out the words.  Suddenly, he hears footsteps behind him on the st and quickly slams the book and begins dusting the desk. FULL SHOT -- The anatomy room from Joseph's ANGLE.  Fette coming down the stairs and crosses toward him.
30) 2) text: Joseph looks up. FETTES (cont'd) Would you know a spinal column if you saw one?
30) 3) text: Joseph nods and grins. FETTES (cont'd) Do we have one?
30) 4) text: Joseph shakes his head.  Fettes shrugs.  He stands thinki for a moment, then speaks to Joseph again. FETTES (cont'd) Joseph --
30) 5) text: Joseph looks up again. FETTES (cont'd) -- do you happen to know where Gray, the cabman, lives?
30) 6) text: Joseph nods. FETTES (cont'd) Well, tell me.
30) 7) text: Joseph leans meditatively on the desk. FETTES (cont'd) What do you want me to do, bribe you?  I'm cursed if I do.  Tell me straight out.  Where does he live?
30) 8) dialog: I'd gladly run with a message, sir, for a florin.  It's not much, considering it's Sunday.
30) 10) dialog: He lives in the Westport --
30) 11) text: Fettes nods. JOSEPH (cont'd) (in a last desperate effort) I'd gladly go.
44) 0) text: Joseph, comfortably seated on a three-legged stool near t brine vat and contentedly sucking at an old clay pipe, he the doctor's whistled tune.  He leans forward without ris parts the curtain to look out. 
44) 2) text: Joseph softly rises from his stool, taking care to let th legs of this seat go back quietly onto the floor.  He put himself into an attitude of intense listening.
45) 10) text: CLOSE SHOT -- Joseph at the curtain.  He is turning away. has heard enough, and the calculating look in his eyes ha been replaced by one of triumphant decision. MED. SHOT -- Fettes and MacFarlane.
48) 0) text: It is late afternoon and only MacFarlane is there working his desk.  Suddenly Joseph comes in from the entry on tip He gets up to within a few feet of MacFarlane before announcing himself.
48) 1) dialog: Doctor --
48) 4) dialog: Mr. Gray --
48) 7) text: Gray grins even more broadly, then he clears his throat w a rumbling couch.  MacFarlane turns around. MACFARLANE (cont'd) Oh -- well, Joseph, it seems I will have the pleasure of speaking to Mr. Gray myself.  You can go.
48) 8) text: Both men wait for Joseph to go into the alcove.
48) 17) dialog: I would like to speak to you.
48) 20) dialog: I want to speak to you alone.  I saw something.  I heard.
48) 22) dialog: I know --
48) 23) text: He looks off and sees Fettes coming down the alley.  Fett is whistling to himself. JOSEPH (cont'd) Maybe some other time --
52) 0) text: By the light of a single lantern, Gray is unharnessing hi horse. He leads it out from between the shafts and into i stall. There is a furtive sound before him as the door to street slowly moves open. He wheels quickly as a slight, hunched figure sidles through the door. Gray waits until figure walks into the range of the lamp and is revealed a Joseph. Then he speaks.
52) 2) text: He steps aside, and Joseph slowly moves over toward the stairway, looking around him. MED. SHOT as Gray leads Joseph into the living quarters a looks curiously at Joseph, who returns the look with a so of determined belligerence.
52) 4) dialog: Yes.
52) 6) text: Joseph seats himself and Gray sits down opposite him.  No sooner has he seated himself than the big white cat, his comes and jumps upon his knee. Gray strokes it fondly.
52) 7) dialog: (looking around) Can anyone hear what we say?
52) 9) dialog: (bending toward him) I know that you kill people to sell bodies. 
52) 12) dialog: Give me money or I'll tell the police you murder the "subjects." 
52) 15) text: Still smiling, he very carefully takes the cat from his l sits it on the floor and rises.  Joseph follows him with eyes.
52) 17) text: He has come back with the bottle and filled a glass with brandy for each. He passes a glass into Joseph's hands.
52) 19) text: They both drink. Immediately, Gray refills Joseph's glass
52) 23) text: Joseph, with the glass still at his lips, nods his head. looks about as if seeking a point of vantage; then carefu sets himself in a straight-backed chair, facing and a lit to the side of Joseph's chair. Joseph is in a low-cushion chair. Gray, being above him, almost seems to hover over Gray leans forward to give him the money.
52) 24) dialog: I have made you give me money, but you smile. Aren't you angry?
52) 26) text: This time Gray fills Joseph's glass and drabbles a few dr into his own, but doesn't bother to pick it up.
52) 28) text: The liquor has begun to affect Joseph. He takes the third glass eagerly and drains it while Gray watches him in silence. As he puts the glass down, Gray begins to speak.
52) 30) text: He fills the fourth glass. Joseph takes it but does not drink, as he is interested to hear Gray's proposition,
52) 32) text: Joseph drinks. Again Gray keeps silent while he swallows liquor. As Joseph puts down the glass, Gray hitches his c forward an inch or two. Again he refills the glass; puts into Joseph's unsteady hand.
52) 34) dialog: You mean we would sell the bodies to the doctors together? Dig them up?
52) 36) dialog: (puzzled) Burke them?
52) 38) dialog: I come from Lisbon.
52) 42) dialog: I never heard that song. But what did they do?
52) 44) text: Joseph nods appreciatively, then looks concerned.
52) 45) dialog: But where did they get those people?
52) 49) dialog: We could do that. But when he had them there, then what?
52) 52) dialog: I don't understand the song. Tell me plain how they did it.
52) 54) text: He reaches out for Joseph's face. Joseph interposes his a
52) 56) text: Joseph lets his hand swing to his lap. Gray clasps Joseph nose between thumb and forefinger, cupping Joseph's chin against the heel of his palm.  CLOSE SHOT - Joseph with Gray's hand holding his nose and mouth.
52) 58) text: Suddenly his hand tenses. Joseph's eyes dilate with terro and his head jerks to one side violently as he attempts t tear his face from the grasp of Gray's hand.  MED. CLOSE SHOT - Gray steadily clutching Joseph's face. throws himself upon the other man and the chair slowly go backward. ANOTHER ANGLE. The two men are on the floor. Gr is lying across the body of his victim, his hand still clutching Joseph's nose and mouth. Joseph struggles convulsively, throwing his arms and legs about, trying to at Gray's body which lies athwart him. With his free hand Gray pins down Joseph's right hand. The man is helpless. violence of his movements grows less and less. For a mome he is still; then he struggles again. CLOSE SHOT - Joseph.  He is making a final desperate effo to pull away from Gray's hand, then his face muscles rela His eye's close.  CLOSE FULL SHOT - Gray and Joseph. Gray looks down at his victim. Joseph is at last unconscious. Gray gets to a kneeling posture, but still keeps his hand on Joseph's no and mouth.  ANOTHER ANGLE. The cat walks up and rubs itself against Gray's left arm. He lets go of Joseph's hand and pats the cat, still keeping his grip on Joseph's mouth and nose.  CLOSE SHOT - Gray as he examines Joseph. Evidently, Josep dead enough to suit him and he lets go his grip.  FULL SHOT as Gray gets to his feet. He crosses the room t cupboard, opens it and takes out a square of folded canva He starts back toward Joseph and stops on the way to pick Joseph's glass from the taboret. He drinks the remainder the liquor in it. Gray kneels down beside Joseph and begi to wrap the canvas about the body. Suddenly, a thought strikes him, and he puts his hand in Joseph's coat pocket fishes out the money he had given him. He begins wrapping canvas around the body again.
55) 4) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - in the recess. It is very dark. The cur is drawn back, and MacFarlane appears. The scene is sudde illuminated as Fettes follows him, carrying the candle. T great vat is clearly visible as both men peer down into i CLOSE SHOT - the vat, SHOOTING DOWNWARD. Something is floating just beneath the liquid which comes nearly to th top of the vet. Light from the candle o.s, comes over the scene, and the thing below the surface is revealed as the dead face of Joseph. TWO SHOT - MacFarlane, as he takes the candle from Fettes hand.
55) 12) text: MacFarlane turns and starts for the main portion of the anatomy room.  At the curtain he stops, Meg is standing there, her eyes wide as she looks at the body of Joseph.
56) 18) text: Gray moves over to the chair on which he sat when he "Bur Joseph. He bends forward over the taboret and refills the doctor's glass.
56) 44) text: MacFarlane looks at him.  As he looks, he realizes he has heard the truth and that Gray will never leave him in pea Now he, in turn, attempts cunning.  He moves forward in h chair as if wishing to put forth a convincing argument.  MacFarlane starts to rise; his mind made up. Gray sees th is no longer any hope of forestalling violence. He throws himself forward and seizes him as he seized Joseph.  MED. FULL SHOT - MacFarlane and Gray. As MacFarlane rises Gray clings to him and gets his other arm about MacFarlan neck. MacFarlane tries to shake him off; tries to twist a from him. The effort makes him lose his footing.  They fa together.  CLOSE SHOT - MacFarlane and Gray on the floor near the hearth.  Gray still clings to him, every muscle tense. MacFarlane, with his hands under Gray's shoulders, heaves trying to push the man off. He heaves once, twice, a thir time and then lets his arms relax from the futile, enormo effort.  TWO HEAD CLOSEUP - Gray and MacFarlane.