60) 0) text: It is a long, low-raftered room with a fire of logs burni on the hearth. Outside the wind can be heard blowing and shrilling.  A considerable company has gathered for warmt and food.  MED. CLOSE SHOT -- an amiable rustic, a horse dealer, who stands, booted with whip in hand, talking to several fell bumpkins while the maidservant of the inn serves them ale from a large wooden tray. Their wet clothes are steaming the heat of the fire.
60) 5) dialog: Surely, Angus, a man who had won so great a victory in a horse deal would buy the poor loser a drink.
60) 7) dialog: Ale for a Gentleman? It's only French brandy he'd be drinking, and that will be two more shillings, Angus.
60) 8) text: Very reluctantly Angus takes out the additional money. Th girl starts out of scene and the CAMERA PANS WITH her to MacFarlane seated at a small table at the other side of t hearth.  He has just finished dinner and is pushing his p away from him.  The maidservant comes up to him.
60) 9) dialog: The man who bought your horse would like you to have a glass of French brandy at his charge.
60) 11) text: At the other side of the hearth the louts around the hors dealer strike up a song.  Outside there is the sound of a horse clattering into the courtyard, then the muffled sho as the driver reins the horse in and the hostler goes to head.  Both MacFarlane and the maidservant listen and loo toward the door.  The door swings open and Fettes stands there, his clothes drenched with rain.  As he enters, he shakes the water from his hat.  He sees MacFarlane and go over to him quickly, excited and smiling.
60) 21) text: He rubs his hands together. The maidservant has returned with a bottle of brandy and glasses. MacFarlane pours one for himself and Fettes.
60) 27) text: The door opens and a party of five people dressed in roug mourning come in out of the weather. The maidservant, wit show of solicitude, ushers them to a table at the far end the inn, then crosses quickly to where the horse dealer i
60) 28) dialog: Sh-h-h! Still your song, lads -- the MacCreadys are here and they've come from burying the old woman in Glencorse Kirkyard.