2) 3) text: It is at this moment that a shadow falls athwart him and looms up in the afternoon sunlight against the wall behin him.  He looks up. ANOTHER ANGLE -- Fettes looking over as Mrs. MacBride, a plump, motherly woman of middle-age, with a Tartan shawl her head and carrying a pannikin of water and a bone with some meat on it, comes through the gate.  She crosses ove the little dog, puts the water before him and starts shredding little pieces of meat from the bone to feed him The dog laps avidly at the water, then gratefully takes t morsels of meat she gives him. MED. FULL SHOT -- Fettes and Mrs. MacBride.
2) 4) dialog: He'll not leave the grave -- not since Wednesday last when we buried the lad.
2) 6) text: Mrs. MacBride nods.
2) 7) dialog: A great, kind lad, he was -- gentle with all things like Robbie.
2) 8) text: She pauses, sighs and then goes on. MRS. MACBRIDE (cont'd) Now I can't get the dog to leave, here.  Perhaps it is for the best.  I've not money enough to afford a grave watcher.
2) 10) dialog: They're uncommon bold, the grave robbers -- and the daft doctors who drive them on.
2) 12) dialog: A doctor?
4) 0) text: FULL SHOT -- Before the imposing edifice which houses Dr. MacFarlane's living quarters as well as his school of anatomy, the cab, drawn by the white horse, pulls up.  Th driver begins to alight from the box.  He climbs down, an starts for the cab door. CLOSE SHOT -- Gray as he opens the door.  Gray is a man o middle years with keen, darting eyes set in a face lined furrowed by an evil life.  The quick play of his features he talks or smiles can form a moving and deceptive mask. that now as he opens the door, smiling, to help his passengers alight, his face is cringing with good humor a servility. From the cab steps a young and lovely woman dressed in becoming widow's weeds.  This is Mrs. Marsh.  She reaches sidewalk, turns back for the other occupant of the cab. is a little girl of about eight, dressed in a flower-spri Kate Greenway gown and a poke bonnet to match.  Gray forestalls her.
4) 7) text: Georgina smiles and pats the horse's nose. ANOTHER ANGLE -- Featuring Mrs. Marsh as she smiles watch Gray and the child.  He turns back toward her.
4) 8) dialog: Would you mind carrying her up the steps?
4) 9) text: Mrs. Marsh reaches for the wheel-chair. FULL SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh takes the wheel-chair up the two steps.  Gray follows carrying the child.  He sets the chi tenderly in the wheel-chair, smiling as he does so.
4) 12) text: In the meantime, Mrs. Marsh has fumbled through her purse change.  She hands this to Gray.  He takes the money from right hand, then removes his hat with his left hand, bobs forelock with the right in a series of obsequious gesture
5) 0) text: Mrs. Marsh has used the door knocker.  Now in response th door is opened by a handsome woman of thirty-five, Meg Cameron.
5) 1) dialog: I would like to see Dr. MacFarlane.
5) 2) text: Meg gives Mrs. Marsh a quick look and then turns to look Gray.  A glance passes between them; a glance which tells previous acquaintance, yet neither speaks.  He turns and down the steps.  Silently, Meg opens the door and allows Marsh to push Georgina's wheel chair through into the hal
6) 0) text: Georgina's wheel chair is pushed into this gloomy and forbidding entry.  Meg closes the door behind them, then without further word, strides down the hall.  Mrs. Marsh the little girl wait and look around. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina.  With great wide eyes the child l around at the antlered stag head, the cruel-looking walki sticks in the umbrella stand and the light-footed Mercury with caduceus upraised.  The caduceus throws its patterne shadow across the child's face. CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Georgina and Mrs. Marsh.  Mrs. Marsh se the fright in the child's face and reassuringly pats her shoulder.  There is the sound of a door opening and they look off in that direction. MED. FULL SHOT -- The doorway to the sitting room, SHOOTI PAST Georgina and her mother.  Framed in this doorway is tall, robust figure of Dr. Douglas MacFarlane, a man in t prime of life, dressed with almost flamboyant foppishness carrying himself with the assurance that the world is not only his oyster, but that he has it pinned on a fork and swallow it and digest it with pleasure. THREE SHOT -- Georgina, Mrs. Marsh and Dr. MacFarlane.
6) 1) dialog: (rising) Dr. MacFarlane?
6) 2) text: He half-bows in acknowledgment. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) I'm Mrs. Marsh -- this is my daughter -- Georgina.
6) 3) text: She fumbles in her reticule and pulls forth an unsealed letter which she passes to the doctor. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) Dr. Maximillian of Leyden asked me to present this to you.  He thought you might examine my little girl.
6) 6) text: With an expansive gesture he points to a door.  Mrs. Mars pushes the wheel chair toward the living room door. DOLLY SHOT -- the entrance to the sitting room. MACFARLANE (cont'd) (over the child's head to Mrs. Marsh) Born paralyzed?
6) 8) dialog: No.  It was an accident.
7) 0) text: Although it is late afternoon the lamps have been lit in part of the house.  Mrs. Marsh wheels the chair into the middle of the room and then stands to one side so that Dr MacFarlane can examine the child.  Meg Cameron stands by window.
7) 2) dialog: No, Doctor.  She seemed to get better, then about six months later she began to complain of pain in her back --
7) 4) dialog: Nearly a year.
7) 6) dialog: Yes, Doctor.
7) 8) dialog: It comes at intervals.  They used to be months apart -- but they've been growing more frequent -- (catch in her voice) much more frequent.
7) 14) text: He leaves the sentence unfinished and goes toward the cen of the room.  Mrs. Marsh leans down beside the chair. TWO SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh and Georgina.
7) 15) dialog: Please, darling, don't be so stubborn.
7) 36) text: She holds out her arms to him.  Fettes lifts her up and carries her into the other room. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Mrs. Marsh and MacFarlane watching Fettes and the child.  They stand in the f.g. talking together while in the other room Fettes puts the child down on her stomach, opens her dress and examines h
7) 38) dialog: A carriage overturned.  My husband was killed and Georgina was hurt.
7) 40) dialog: Three years.
7) 43) text: He strides forward.  Mrs. Marsh remains where she is.
9) 0) text: MacFarlane is walking back to where Mrs. Marsh stands.  I the b.g. Fettes can be seen as he buttons up the little girl's dress, picks her up in his arms and brings her bac the wheel chair.  MacFarlane comes over to Mrs. Marsh. TRUCKING SHOT of MacFarlane.
9) 2) text: He turns back to Mrs. Marsh. TWO SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh and MacFarlane.  She is looking at anxiously; waiting to hear his verdict.  He glances at Dr Maximillian's letter before speaking. MACFARLANE (cont'd) (tapping the letter in his hand) It seems that Dr. Maximillian is right.  The violence of the accident must have disturbed the tissues and caused a traumatic tumor -- a sort of growth that presses against the nerve centers.
9) 3) dialog: But can anything be done for her?
9) 6) dialog: (eagerly) And you will try -- you will operate?
9) 7) text: CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane.  He is silent; thinking. MED. FULL SHOT.  MacFarlane silently turns away from Mrs. Marsh and goes to his desk.  Having reached it, he turns faces her again.
9) 10) dialog: But, Doctor, in Leyden -- in Paris  - wherever I've taken Georgina -- they've mentioned your name.  I've come to think of you as our only hope.
9) 13) dialog: But, Doctor, surely in a case like this -- a child -- a little child who can never walk or run --
9) 15) dialog: There's nothing I can say for one small child?
21) 0) text: Mrs. Marsh sits there.  Broad beams of sunlight flood in the front windows.  She is speaking with Meg Cameron.  Me standing looking down at her.
21) 2) dialog: I've already told you I didn't come to see Dr. MacFarlane.
21) 6) dialog: (rising) Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
21) 9) dialog: (impulsively) I want you to help my little girl.
21) 11) dialog: Georgina told me how kind you were to her.  It gave me hope you might intercede for us with Dr. MacFarlane.
21) 13) dialog: Did he tell you about Georgina?
21) 14) text: Fettes nods. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) Then he must have told you that this disease is progressive -- that it will grow worse -- that soon she will not be able to move at all.
21) 15) text: Fettes nods again.  Mrs. Marsh lays her hand on his arm a looks directly into his eyes. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) And you won't ask him to help?
21) 17) dialog: Ask this one favor --
21) 19) text: Mrs. Marsh smiles at him.
21) 20) dialog: Georgina was right.  You are a kind man.
23) 0) text: Fettes comes along the street toward the gateway.  Sudden he stops and looks at a small crowd which has gathered ar the gate, all talking very excitedly and peering in over other's shoulders.  He stands and looks. MED. FULL SHOT -- the crowd at the gate.  The people draw back making way for Mrs. MacBride who comes out. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Mrs. MacBride as she makes her way thr the crowd.  She is crying and in her arms she carries the dead body of the little dog. ANOTHER ANGLE -- SHOOTING FROM behind Fettes.  Mrs. MacBr comes through the crowd and starts across the street towa him. CLOSE SHOT -- Mrs. MacBride and Fettes.  Fettes looks at
23) 1) dialog: (as she passes him) They killed his wee doggie too -- little Robbie. (passes on)
23) 2) text: CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes as he watches Mrs. MacBride.  From behind him comes the sound of the street singer's song.
28) 1) dialog: You have his promise, then?
28) 3) text: Mrs. Marsh looks over at Georgina, then back to Fettes.  Fettes turns and looks over at Georgina. FETTES (cont'd) There will be great pain connected with it, ma'am.  During the operation and afterward -- great pain and shock --
28) 4) dialog: (almost breathing the words) -- pain -- and shock.  She's brave enough, but I don't know about myself.  Now that it seems so close, I wonder if I dare trust my child into any but God's hands.  Maybe He knows best.
28) 6) text: Mrs. Marsh looks at him gratefully.
28) 7) dialog: (sincerely) Thank you, Mr. Fettes.
28) 17) text: Mrs. Marsh comes up.
28) 18) dialog: A cabby told her his horse would say "hello" to her the next time he saw her.  Georgina has been looking everywhere for that horse.
28) 26) dialog: (not knowing the direction or purpose of Fettes' conversation; breaks in) Really, Mr. Fettes -- I thought you at least would know how much Georgina wants that.
28) 32) text: He smiles at her and although this direct conversation ab her illness has brought tears to her eyes, Georgina smile back at him and Mrs. Marsh, looking down at them, smiles In her eyes also are tears.
46) 0) text: It is a bright afternoon and there is no fire on the hear Mrs. Marsh is seated on the sofa and Meg sits beside her. tea service on a small table is between them.  Georgina's empty wheel-chair is in evidence.
46) 2) text: Mrs. Marsh shakes her head.  Between her hands is a handkerchief which she is twisting nervously.
46) 3) dialog: I couldn't swallow it.
46) 4) text: She makes a nervous desperate gesture with her handkerchi glances wildly at the clock. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) How long has it been?
46) 7) dialog: (desperately echoing) Only twenty minutes.
50) 0) text: The doctor, Fettes, Mrs. Marsh and Georgina are all toget Georgina is seated in her little wheelchair.  The doctor stands before her, looming above her, glowering with ill concealed rage.  Fettes kneels at the side of the wheelch while Mrs. Marsh sits nervously perched on the sofa.
50) 12) text: Mrs. Marsh rises from the sofa and comes to join them.
50) 13) dialog: I'm sorry, Doctor.  Georgina's a good child -- a brave child -- you saw how she was during the operation -- but if she can't move, she can't move.
50) 15) dialog: (shaking her head) She would if she could.
50) 17) text: When he finishes his speech there is a long, dead silence MacFarlane is the first to break it. MACFARLANE (cont'd) You see Mrs. Marsh home, Fettes, I'm going to Hobbs'.  You can join me there if you like.
58) 2) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
58) 5) text: Mrs. Marsh looks at him.
58) 6) dialog: Left Dr. MacFarlane?
58) 7) text: Fettes nods. Mrs. Marsh looks at him and then takes his elbow.
58) 8) dialog: (to Georgina) Play by yourself a little. I'd like' to speak to Mr. Fettes.
58) 9) text: DOLLY SHOT - as Fettes and Mrs. Marsh walk slowly away fr Georgina.
58) 10) dialog: This is serious, Donald. What has happened?
58) 12) dialog: It's not because of Georgina -- because of Dr. MacFarlane's failure?
58) 14) text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Georgina. She is playing with her doll. Suddenly, from far below her she hears the clop-clop of a horse's hoofs and the rumble of iron wheels. She looks up listens.  MED. FULL SHOT - Fettes and Mrs. Marsh.
58) 18) text: FULL SHOT - Mrs. Marsh and Fettes. They are talking inten together. Mrs. Marsh is holding her parasol in such a way that it is between her and Georgina.  Georgina's call com very faintly over their conversation. Neither of then tur toward the child.           
58) 19) dialog: I think it was the pain of the operation more than anything else -- she's afraid that if she stands the pain will come again. Nothing Dr. MacFarlane could ever do would take that out of her mind. 
58) 24) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Fettes and Mrs. Marsh.
58) 26) dialog: It is a pity.
58) 29) text: CLOSE FULL SHOT -- Fettes and Mrs. Marsh with the child i the b.g. They see the child standing. Mrs. Marsh makes a wordless exclamation of joy.  She doesn't even dare to mo for fear this might be a vision.  ANOTHER ANGLE -- Fettes, Mrs. Harsh and Georgina. Mrs. Ma and Fettes run in. CLOSE FULL SHOT-- of the three.
58) 34) text: Fettes and Mrs. Marsh kneel down close to the child. Mrs. Marsh takes her into her arms. Fettes rises to his feet, face is full of enthusiasm and excitement. His voice trem with the keenness of accomplishment.