20) 2) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show the interior of the school. the f.g. is the dais, at one side of which is the skeleto Fettes steps up onto the dais at the other side of the passing some dozen students, all young men in their early twenties.  Two students, Gilchrist and Richardson, are prominent.  Richardson is lean and sardonic. FETTES (cont'd) Dr. MacFarlane has asked me to review the points he has just discussed with you.
20) 4) text: He turns toward the skeleton, then reacts sharply as he notices its ludicrous stance. FETTES (cont'd) (angrily) I suppose this was your doing, Richardson.
20) 5) text: He starts rearranging the skeleton's limbs.  Richardson grins.  It is at this moment that Joseph comes sidling up the group.
20) 10) text: He starts for the stairs.  There is a snicker of laughter Richardson leans over and with two deft movements brings arms of the skeleton back into fighting position.
22) 4) text: FULL SHOT -- Fettes as he takes up a small bundle wrapped a handkerchief and starts for the door. MED. SHOT -- MacFarlane as he starts for the stairs.  He passes a table where Richardson is bent over his work, wh is out of scene. MACFARLANE (cont'd) Well, I see you have that arm you've been yearning for, Richardson.
22) 5) dialog: Yes, sir.  This fellow must have been a great one at hurling the bar -- beautiful biceps.  Burke and Hare would never have got the best of this fellow.
22) 6) text: MacFarlane's head jerks up and he looks directly at Richardson.
22) 8) dialog: I was making a joke, sir.
22) 12) dialog: Nothing but a merry word about Burke and Hare --
22) 14) text: Richardson shrugs.
47) 0) text: LONG SHOT.  The room no longer has its ordinary arrangeme The tables and benches have been pulled up around the cen marble-topped table for use as an impromptu grandstands.  Students are standing on the tables and benches, peering in tense and silent excitement at something on the table. There is the sound of a child's groan; a gasp of pain. CLOSE FULL SHOT -- the circle around the table.  Georgina partially covered by a sheet, lies on the slab.  MacFarla in shirt sleeves and apron bends over her. Richardson and some other students are close around him.  Fettes crouche the head of the table; his face near that of the child. is a very low camera setup which hides the actual busines the operation from the audience, but which allows them to the reactions to it on the faces of the students.
47) 8) dialog: Slow -- but not too alarming.
47) 11) dialog: (softly; but with feeling) Bravo!