5) 0) text: Two men, distinguished by the careful tailoring of top echelon Washington bureaucrats, get out. ARTHUR CABOT, oldest of the two, is immediately greeted by PATRICIA HEALY, thirtyish, a civilian employee of the Defense Department.
8) 0) text: Cabot and Watson sit around a table with GENERAL JACK BERINGER and aide DOUGHERTY, as Pat Healy cleans up some plates and debris. John McKittrick pours a cup j of coffee as the argument rages. .
8) 3) dialog: Qosing patience) } Lyle, we've been through this. It doesn't matter.
8) 6) dialog: (weary, glances at his watch) Look, we've got to be on a plane ! in less than an hour. I'm the one who has to explain to the President , why 22% of his missile commanders failed to launch their missiles. What ‘the hell am I gonna tell him -— that 22% isn't so bad?
8) 10) text: CABOT ‘ (intrigued) : . Take the men out of the Jaunch . | capsules? : (CONTINUED)
8) 20) dialog: (shaking head) Not a lot. If the Soviets launch a surprise attack, we don't have much time.
11) 13) text: information ‘on the state of the world. McKITTRICK The WOPR has already fought World War III as a game any number of times estimating Soviet responses to our responses to their responses and 50 on. Then it looks for ways to improve its score in a real war. The point is the key decisions about every conceivable option in a nuclear crisis have already been made by the WOPR. If the day ever comes when the President orders us to follow the plans...I want to make damn sure they're carried out. Cabot turns to McKittrick, clearly sympathetic. cCABOT But right now, all this trillion dollar hardware is at the mercy of those men with the little brass keys. . McKITTRICK Whose only problem is they're human. You give me four to six weeks max and we can replace them with electronic relays. Then we can get the humans out of the goddamn loop.
43) 0) text: A harried Paul Richter stands at a blackboard filled with incomprehensible diagrams. Seated are. Beringer and Dougherty, Cabot, and Watson, and GEORGE WIGAN, a stern man in civilian clothes. McKittrick enters as Richter winds up a point, takes a seat, exchanges glances with the General.
43) 2) dialog: John, good to see you. John McKittrick, George Wigan. George is with the FBI. They've brought the boy here for questioning. McKittrick exchanges nervous greetings with Wigan. McKITTRICK How'd it happen, Paul?
43) 12) dialog: (viciously understated) There's some real concern about a break-down in security here, John. McKITTRICK Well, gentlemen, I think we're being a bit naive here...I mean, you don't really think some high school punk could just pick up the phone and do this on his own, do you? (to Cabot) The kid's working for somebody. He's gotta be.
43) 15) dialog: Fine, John. We need some answers.
48) 1) dialog: What's going on? . RICHTER . There's just been a very serious penetration into our WOPR Execution Order File.
48) 2) dialog: Let's have it in English. Beringer cuts in.
48) 9) dialog: Who did this? McKITTRICK We don't know yet. That kid must . be working with someone on the outside. But I can change those codes in less than an hour.