33) 21) dialog: (to Beringer) Sir, we have a radar tracking of eight inbound Soviet ICBM's already over the pole. Estimated impact... eleven minutes. Confirmed target area: Western * United States.
33) 24) dialog: I'm not sure, Sir. We're checking for DSP malfunction.
34) 2) dialog: (cutting in) Missile warning reports no malfunction. Conlidence remains high.
36) 10) text: (continuing; to Conley You better warm up the ICBMs in the bull pen. Get ‘em ready to fly. Beringer'’s face reflects a certain pain at the sight of the approaching blips on the big board. He takes the yellow phone held by an aide.
37) 17) dialog: General, BMEWS and COBRA DANE now report negative confirmation on all inbound tracking.
42) 0) text: A tour group of VIPs is being shown around by Colonel Conley. There are several men, their wives and one or two 18 year olds. All nicely dressed a notch or two up from the usual tour group. The Big Board says "Welcome Distinguished Visitors from City of Birmingham." One visitor is seated in the Big Chair. .
42) 1) dialog: So, this operation is on constant alert here 24 hours a day so your constituents and your homes are valways ‘safe. For example, last week we had the Governor of ~ New Jersey up here with his people. He wanted to know why we were at DEFCON 4 as we are now...
48) 109) dialog: (a bad liar) Gee, folks, I've just been informed that they're cleaning the floors in the computer center. Don't want anyone to slip and hurt themselves s0 we're going to end the tour right here. Now if I can ask you all to board the bus kind of quickly we'll have a complimentary beverage waiting for each of you down the . hill at the officer's club... The shoes start moving away and David decides it's his only shot. He scrambles out onto the floor and is getting to his feet.
60) 4) text: (to Colonel Conley) © I want a visual confirmation on this. Scramble some interceptors to take a look. «/*~
69) 6) dialog: The President is on his way to Andrews to join Airborne Command. Sir, we've got to give him a launch option.
69) 9) dialog: The Soviets continue to deny everything. Beringer and McKittrick exchange a look. Suddenly: VOICE . (over P.A.) We have a submarine laonch detection. (CONTINUED) )
75) 2) dialog: (over loudspeaker) We are in a launch mode. Beringer turns to McKittrick, then: “BERINGER (to Major Lem) Lock out changes. Major Lem types the instructions into the terminal. (CONTINUED)
77) 14) dialog: {to Beringer) S Sir? Airborne Command. (CONTINUED)
77) 34) dialog: . (into phone) All stations this is Crystal Palace — stand by for a message from Brass Hat. General Beringer picks up his phone as one by one the voices are heard over the loudspeaker, voices of men who are trying to remain calm. (CONTINUED)
77) 49) dialog: (into phone) This is Crystal Palace, are you still on? Dead silence.
77) 50) dialog: this i (continuings pleading) is is Crystal Palace, are you still on? Is anyone there? A BURST OF STATIC. Suddenly:
77) 53) dialog: (excited) : Dur boards are confirming impact — ‘i COLONEL CHASE (y.0-) No, sir, no et. We're alive misei (CONTINUED)
77) 58) text: ~ (to Colonel Conley) Recall the bombers and let's stand the missiles down.
77) 61) text: David with Jennifer moves toward Falken. They stand together observing the scene. ANGLE a 240 McKittrick glares at Falken, David and the girl, ondering a host of unanswered questions. After a eat, he starts towards them. ANGLE:> ‘COMMAND BALCONY : 241 An ebullient General Beringer and his aides congratulate themselves and the team on the floor. As Colonel Conley orders the bomber and submarine forces back, Major Lem types instructions into the WOPR console.
81) 7) text: General... It's the President. General Beringer sighs and crosses to Conley. (CONTINDED)