39) 0) text: David rips: Falken‘s picture from his wall, tears it-up, and stuffs it into his wastebasket, now overflowing with the evidence of his illegal act. Be finds another scrap under his desk, proceeds to _ rip it into small pieces. . The PHONE RINGS. He lifts the receiver, hears the HIGH PITCH of a computer tone, and rountinely places it into the modem. Then he returns to his methodical destruction of the evidence. At the sound of the familiar voice, he freezes. «x: MONITOR: GREETINGS PROFESSOR FALKEN bas
56) 7) text: They don't know Joshua. Falken knows Joshua. He's the only one . who knows what it can do. It's trying to win the game we asked it to play -- for real. He gives her a long look.
59) 1) text: side of a rock outcropping. Finally, it gracefully glides to the lone figure of a man apparently its*. David and Jennifer slog towards the shoreline where Falken, dressed in a dark, rain slick material, holds his creature. An eccentricity, a flamboyance, and a - disregard for the conventional as immediately evident from his actions and attitudes. . FALKEN” x Greetings. I'm sorry I startled - you...Just imagine, the sky was, . once filled with them. - We're looking for Dr. Hume. ~~ Ah, you've read my mailbox. Splendid! Are either of you paleontologists? I prayed God - would send mea paleontologist. . “pu zzled) - You' re ‘Stephen Falken, aren't you? Falken turns and begins walking away. eo Reh Sige are 3 Sust there you'll find. a path which leads to a length of chain link fence Follow the fence until you come to agate. Open the gate, exit the- property, and please give it a yes: sien so i locks meu you. k oe you hurry, you just make , siz-thirty ferry to the mainland.
59) 15) text: Falken studies him for a minute ‘ PALKEN' Why don*t you both come ap to the house? « B 4to David) . ~ And then maybe you can tell -.me how you know Joshua. -
65) 0) text: Falken is threading a 16mm projector. Jennifer, wearing an oversized flannel shirt, sits quietly while David speaks with Falken.
65) 2) dialog: yes. I have. I loved it when you nuked Las Vegas. A fine biblical end for the place.
65) 4) dialog: Listen children. Once upon & time, a long time ago there lived a magnificient race of animals who dominated the world through age after age. Falken gets up and goes to the projector, turns it on. FALKEN (cont'd) They ran and they swam and they fought and they flew until suddenly, guite a short time ago really, they disappeared. . Nature just gave up vand started again. We weren't. even apes then, just smart little rodents hiding in the rocks. And when we gO, nature will start again, with the bees probably. Nature knows when to give up, David.
65) 9) dialog: My fault? The whole point was to find a way to practice nuclear war without actually destroying ourselves. Let the computers learn from mistakes we couldn't afford to make. But I could never get Joshua to learn the most important lesson.
65) 11) dialog: Futility. That there's a time when it's useless to try anymore.
65) 13) dialog: Don't you see, it's like when a child plays noughts and crosses, tic-tac-toe. At first he plays it over and over, then suddenly he gives up. You know why.
65) 15) dialog: There's no way to win. The game itself is pointless. But back at the war room they believe you can win @ nuclear war. That there can be acceptable losses.
65) 17) dialog: For security reasons, they graciously arranged my death. Did you know that no land animal with a body weight of over fifty pounds gurvived that age? Extinction is part of the natural order. DAVID . Bullshit. If we're extinguished that's not natural. It's just stupid. (CONTINUED)
65) 22) dialog: It's alright, I've planned ahead; we're just three miles from a primary target. A millisecond of brilliant light and we're vaporized. Much more fortunate than the millions who'll wander sightless through the smoldering aftermath. We'll be spared the horror of survival.
65) 25) dialog: We might gain a few years, perhaps time enough for yee. to have a son. But humanity care ‘lly planning it's own destruction —~ I can't stop that. .
65) 27) dialog: you've missed the last ferry. You can sleep on the floor.
65) 34) text: When Falken has left, David crosses to the door and opens it. He steps out into a heavy rush of wind. 192A ANGLE - BALCONY - NIGHT © oo, 192A From the top of the stairs, Falken quietly,studies the now empty living room. os 193 EXT, FALKEN'S HOUSE — NIGHT 193 David and Jennifer move away from the house into the ‘surrounding night.
67) 115) text: C-) They react and race forward towards the helicopter. : Falken pulls Jennifer aboard, then David as it lifts off into the night sky. 201 oMitTeD ~ , - 201 thru . thru
70) 6) text: The lead jeep suddenly pulls off the road and races down a steep embankment while David, Jennifer and Falken hang on. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: The jeep with Falken, David and Jennifer suddenly / appears, leaping ovez an embankment onto the road. | Travis emits a loud "yahoo." Falken glances at David who hangs on for his life. Speed shifting up through the gears the jeep races toward the NORAD entrance. ,
76) 0) text: Pat Healy races with Falken, David and Jennifer. Running ahead, Healy opens the double doors leading into the Crystal Palace.
77) 0) text: As Pat Healy rushes up to the Command Balcony, Falken azes around the command center of the globa avtomated Dpattlefield he helped create. With David and Jennifer hanging behind him, he slowly approaches the big board. They both gaze at the waves of incoming missiles.
77) 6) dialog: John, how good to see you. I ) see the wife still picks your ties.
77) 8) dialog: It's all a bluff, John. McKITTRICK This is not a bluff, this is real. Everything is ready for the President to order a counterstrike and we're advising him to do it immediately. Falken brushes past McKittrick. He calls out to General Beringer. He has to yell to make himself heard.
77) 9) dialog: Hello... General Beringer.
77) 18) dialog: But does it make any sense?
77) 20) dialog: (indicating board) That. General, are you prepared to destroy the enemy?
77) 22) dialog: Do you think they know that?
77) 24) dialog: Then don't. Tell the President to tide Ovt the attack.
77) 27) dialog: General. Do you really believe that the enemy would attack without rovocation, with so many missiles, ombers and subs, 50 we would have no choice but to totally annihilate - them? General, you are listening to a machine. Do the world a favor and don't act like one. (CONTINDED)
77) 59) text: David, noting that Falken is no longer beside him, glances around.
77) 60) text: The huge electronic displays tower above Falken as he wanders along the front of the room. Oblivious to the atmosphere of celebration, he gazes thoughtfully at the display of technology which he helped create. The map of the United States continves to be obliterated by the rain of nuclear detonations.
77) 61) text: David with Jennifer moves toward Falken. They stand together observing the scene. ANGLE a 240 McKittrick glares at Falken, David and the girl, ondering a host of unanswered questions. After a eat, he starts towards them. ANGLE:> ‘COMMAND BALCONY : 241 An ebullient General Beringer and his aides congratulate themselves and the team on the floor. As Colonel Conley orders the bomber and submarine forces back, Major Lem types instructions into the WOPR console.
77) 69) text: Falken notes McKittrick's approach.
77) 70) dialog: Uh, oh, let's all get out of here before he offers. us something to eat. McKittrick is about to speak to Falken when @ TECHNICIAN seated at a console stops him.
79) 0) text: David, Jennifer and Falken stand near McKittrick. David looks at the board. : : DAVID ; What are those? : 4 McKittrick looks up at the board. A series of ten random numbers and letters flash on the lower gereen, changing 80 rapidly that the digits are urred. wMeKittrick looks at David, then back at the screen, & growing Look of “dread on His face. McRITTRICK Christ, the launch codesee.
79) 2) dialog: Looks like Joshua is getting ready to send up the real missiles. — Bo MINUTEMAN MISSILE LAUNCH CAPSULE — AERIAL VIEW - 248 It's the same site we Baw in the beginning. We're
83) 0) text: The random numbers are running out rapidly. turns to Falken. McKITTRICK Stephen, try and get back in.
83) 1) dialog: ! How can Ie-.? You've taken ovt my password. DAVID . Maybe it'll open up for something it's interested in. McKITTRICK What?
83) 17) dialog: You try it. . McKITTRICK . For Christ sake, Stephen —
83) 19) dialog: He can hardly do worse than you have, John.
83) 21) text: Falken, McKittrick, David and Jenifer approach. David Pushes through the crowd to Major Lem and Bpeaks quietly.
83) 67) text: ' __. (vehement) Put it up. (to Falken) It's not on the list!
83) 68) dialog: 
83) 71) text: : “David stares into the screen as if he’s trying to pull : Joshua out by force of will... it's a battle... Finally — Four familiar straight lines from childhood shine onto the screen. Falken’s eyes brighten with anticipation.
83) 100) dialog: Yes. Wumber of players: Zero. David requests a new game. It asks the number of players.. David glances around the Crystal Palace, at the faces looking up. He takes a deep breath and hits the key.
83) 111) dialog: At a slight distance from all the activity, Falken watches in the flickering light with the slightest trace of a smile.