13) 10) dialog: Umm... “love? titters.
13) 12) dialog: No.
13) 13) text: I see. You didn't know the correct answer -- symbiosis — because, you don't pay attention in class. Ligget holds up Jennifer's test paper for all to see. It is marked with a large "F." He hands it to a ostudent ‘in:the:front row! to pass back: to Jennifer.
16) 0) text: David walks along the sidewalk on his way home from school. He carries a single book. Jennifer appears on her moped and rides beside him.
16) 3) text: David continues walking as Jennifer stays beside him on the moped.
16) 4) dialog: I'm sorry I got you in trouble. I just couldn't stop laughing.
17) 0) text: David reacts as Jennifer maneuvers between cars.
17) 1) dialog: Hey you got an "F" too, huh?
17) 3) dialog: I guess we'll both be stuck in summer school.
17) 5) dialog: Why not? Aren't you going to have to make up biology?
17) 7) dialog: Why not?
17) 9) dialog: Sure!
17) 15) dialog: Your parents' aren't home?
19) 0) text: It is dark. David flips a switch. The silence is broken by the HUM OF ELECTRONIC CIRCUITRY as panels and pools of light appear around the room. Noting that his bed is amess and a pair of underwear is on the floor, David makes a quick, embarrassed attempt at straighten- ing up. Jennifer quickly scans his computer system. A couple of old Sylvania TVs serve as monitors for an electronic keyboard from_an outmoded Altair terminal, a printer rigged from an electric typewriter, wires run- ning to a variety of other makeshift hardware, includ- ing a modem (telephone coupler), memory storage units and several floppy disk drives. David sits down at the main terminal and hits the enter key. He takes one of . othe ‘telephone ireceivers, places it in-the modem, and punches out a phone number. ~ oe JENNIFER > You're really into computers, buh?
19) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
19) 12) dialog: These are your grades?
19) 14) dialog: You can't do that.
19) 17) dialog: (alarmed) No. You're going to get me in trouble. .
19) 25) dialog: Change it back.
19) 27) dialog: (upset) | I said change it back.
19) 29) dialog: (cool) Listen, I guess I better get going.
19) 31) dialog: Yeah. Okay, ‘bye. She closes the door and heads down the steps.
21) 0) text: School's out. Kids play electronic games and David is among them. At the most difficult combat game, David's hands dance over the controls, darting away occasional- ly to grab a bite from a hamburger and a sip from a Coke. Jennifer approaches. She watches him for a beat.
21) 1) dialog: Hi. David doesn't lose concentration.
21) 3) dialog: You're gonna spoil your dinner.
21) 5) dialog: Listen, I thought it over last night.
21) 7) dialog: That thing with my grade... Can you still change it For a split second, David's concentration is broken, allowing an enemy missile to hit his base.
21) 8) dialog: (continuing) I can't believe I was so stupid. I should have just let you do it. (CONTINUED)
21) 20) dialog: “4 (continuing) \ ie 7 nyway wante to ask you 1t you could still do it. In an effort to avoid the question, David appears to intensify his concentration on the game.
21) 22) dialog: Why? :
21) 24) dialog: ‘But maybe they didn't... Couldn't we at least try and see. David stares at the game.
21) 25) dialog: (continuing) Please...
22) 0) text: The monitor is a single square against black limbo, methodically printing out phone numbers as it continues to dial them. The lights are turned on as David enters with Jennifer. She crosses to the terminal and stares at it curiously.
22) 1) dialog: What's it doing?
22) 3) dialog: I won't, but, what's it doing? (CONTINUED)
22) 8) text: Dialing numbers. This computer company is coming out with these amazing new games in a couple of months. The programs for them are am probably still in their computer, so 1 told my system to search for _~ computers in Sunnyvale. oe David takes the phone off the modem, hands it to Jennifer and dials a number.
22) 10) dialog: You're calling every number in Sunnyvale, California? C) David nods, grinning.
22) 11) dialog: (continuing) Isn't that expensive?
22) 13) dialog: Is this going to take long? I'd really like to get my grade changed. David stares at the monitor.
22) 15) dialog: (surprised) What?... I told you not to do that. DAVID . | @ I was sure you'd change your mind. Jennifer pouts for a beat. (CONTINUED)
22) 23) dialog: You mean if I had a speeding ticket you“could fix it?
22) 31) dialog: How rude.
22) 38) dialog: Can you do that? .
22) 43) dialog: Now what?
23) 0) text: The moped with Jennifer driving and David riding behind ulls around behind the building and stops near a load- ang entrance. David leads Jennifer through a service oor.
24) 0) text: David and Jennifer enter passing through a terminal room where undergraduates peer into their monitors. Jennifer glances at a pair of bearded students who intently play a computer game.
29) 0) text: Jennifer, wearing skimpy jogging shorts and a tank top, trots along the sidewalk past David's house. After going a short distance, she makes a jogger's turn and trots across the lawn to his front door. bell.
29) 1) text: She rings the At the ‘door, Jennifer continues trotting in place and breathing deeply as she waits. It opens and Mr. Lightman. faces her with a glazed expression.
29) 2) dialog: (bright) Hi, is David here? Lightman stares at her for a beat before answering.
30) 0) text: Mr. Lightman speaks as Jennifer bounces up the stairs.
31) 0) text: Jennifer knocks.
32) 1) dialog: Where have you been?
32) 13) dialog: What is all this stuff?
32) 15) dialog: Why? What's so special about playing games with some machine? David reaches for a Yy' videotape.
32) 26) dialog: Wow, he's got great eyes. Why don't you just call him? :
32) 28) dialog: He doesn't look very old.
32) 31) dialog: This is really sad. It says he and his mother were killed in some car wreck a DAVID Yeah, I know. l . JENNIFER And Falken ‘died when he was 41. My dad's 45. I’ remember he was really sick once. And we all thought he was going to.....
32) 44) dialog: My dad?
32) 46) dialog: Joshua.
32) 50) dialog: What?
32) 60) dialog: How can it ask you that?
32) 66) dialog: How can it talk?
32) 69) dialog: I think it missed him. (CONTINUED)
32) 83) dialog: (thinking) How about Las Vegas?
33) 31) dialog: What does all that mean.
37) 2) dialog: Sure, give 'em the works. | There is a LOUD CRASH as a garbage can is knocked over, followed by DOGS BARKING.
38) 43) dialog: 5 David, are Jou watching TV?
38) 45) dialog: Hey, calm down. If they're so smart > . they would have already found you. . . Right? “5
38) 57) dialog: Just act normal. You'll be ‘okay. ° Don't worry.
38) 59) dialog: God--unbelievable! You think I could just tell Marci--
38) 61) dialog: Okay, okay. I'll talk to you tomorrow. .
50) 22) dialog: (breathing hard, Yeah? annoyed) (CONTINDED)
52) 0) text: Jennifer sits on the floor holding the phone. INTERCUT WITH David in phone booth. A car pulls up that resembles the FBI sedan.
52) 1) dialog: What are you doing in Colorado? I went by your house and your parents were really weirded out. What's happening?
52) 3) dialog: Wait, I better write this all down...
53) 0) text: i David enters the airport end ashe walks among the pas~ sengers. toward the exit, noel ir of. police by. j os phe front door the pa’ : tain as. to the best 1 way to proceed, an arm Toddenty. grips his and a voice speaks. Jennifer. .
53) 3) dialog: Hi, oh,” ‘I m 30 glad you made it. =. Ast David faces her with : a surprised. expression, she gives him a sisterly hy
54) 0) text: In the back row are Jennifer and David. Jennifer looks alert, relaxed, happy to be on this adventure. David has been through the wringer. Lines of worry show as’, he ‘stares out the window. Jennifer glances at him, then really studies him. He notices her looking at him,
54) 2) dialog: You...a Russian spy? Give me a break! David gives Jennifer a sidelong glance, with maybe a trace of pride.
55) 0) text: ‘The .bus:pulls toa stop. The CAMERA PANS David and Jennifer to the ferry.
56) 0) text: David and Jennifer run to the gate as it is closing. They plead to the gateman to open the gate. GATEMAN ©. Next ferry is in two hours.
56) 3) dialog: But—-why would the obituary say he was dead?
56) 6) dialog: . Yeah, but...the military's got to know what's going on. It's their system.
57) 0) text: David and Jennifer stare anxiously ahead as the boat nears the dock on Goose Island.
58) 0) text: Without waiting for the cars, David and Jennifer sprint ahead, onto the island. EXT. WOODLAND ROAD - GOOSE ISLAND — DAY | 172 David and Jennifer walk on a paved road, heavily wooded on both sides. Seeing a battered road sign, they turn off onto a dirt lane marked Tall Cedar Road. Glimpses of water can be seen through the trees.
58) 1) text: In the deeper gloom of the woods, David and Jennifer arrive at a high overgrown cyclone fence that surrounds a large section of waterfront property. The battered mailbox reads HUME. . There is no sign that anyone is there. He peers through the gate which is locked with a large chain.
59) 0) text: David and Jennifer move along a rock outcropping that stretches down to the water. The fence surrounding the house has eroded away where it reaches the tidal mud flats. They ease themselves into the soft mud and move around the outside of the fence entering the property. oAS theyslop through calf-deep muck towards a place . where they can regain the shore, a dark form suddenly swoops out of the sky, passing a few feet above Jennifer's head. She flinches and falls into the mud. Staring up in shocked disbelief, David sees: ANGLE i75 A Pterosaur. An extinct flying reptile, with leathery wings that span nearly eight feet, glides past. As Jennifer and David scramble for cover on the mud flat, the creature banks, turns, and swoops by again, passing poly inches from David's face as he swings at it.
59) 1) text: side of a rock outcropping. Finally, it gracefully glides to the lone figure of a man apparently its*. David and Jennifer slog towards the shoreline where Falken, dressed in a dark, rain slick material, holds his creature. An eccentricity, a flamboyance, and a - disregard for the conventional as immediately evident from his actions and attitudes. . FALKEN” x Greetings. I'm sorry I startled - you...Just imagine, the sky was, . once filled with them. - We're looking for Dr. Hume. ~~ Ah, you've read my mailbox. Splendid! Are either of you paleontologists? I prayed God - would send mea paleontologist. . “pu zzled) - You' re ‘Stephen Falken, aren't you? Falken turns and begins walking away. eo Reh Sige are 3 Sust there you'll find. a path which leads to a length of chain link fence Follow the fence until you come to agate. Open the gate, exit the- property, and please give it a yes: sien so i locks meu you. k oe you hurry, you just make , siz-thirty ferry to the mainland.
65) 0) text: Falken is threading a 16mm projector. Jennifer, wearing an oversized flannel shirt, sits quietly while David speaks with Falken.
65) 1) dialog: You haven't really been listening, have you?
65) 12) dialog: What kind of a lesson is that?
65) 14) dialog: I don't know, it's boring. It's always a tie.
65) 24) dialog: If the real Joshua were still alive you'd do it.
65) 34) text: When Falken has left, David crosses to the door and opens it. He steps out into a heavy rush of wind. 192A ANGLE - BALCONY - NIGHT © oo, 192A From the top of the stairs, Falken quietly,studies the now empty living room. os 193 EXT, FALKEN'S HOUSE — NIGHT 193 David and Jennifer move away from the house into the ‘surrounding night.
67) 1) text: As they scramble ‘along the shore, David squin desperately into. the blackness. Be stops, angry and frustrated. . What kind of an asshole lives on an island and doesn't even have a boati ‘JENNIFER | * Maybe we could swim. . How far . do you think it is? . DAVID . Two, three miles at least. Maybe more. ~ a Whaddya think? Let's go for it. She kicks off her shoes, starts for the water. Ieee - (pause) _ Coe can't ouin., ge al
67) 2) dialog: (increduously) ° You can't swim? - Just ‘Decause you‘re Wonder Woman! JENNIFER (cont'p) What. kind of an asshole grows up in Seattle and doesn't even know I never got arpund to it, okay! There was always gonna be plenty.
67) 12) text: David nods silently, ‘sits 5 heavity “by ‘the whore, “gtates out into the night. Jennifer studies deeply affected. - oa : ‘. DaVID
67) 20) dialog: Next week... (the idea sounds strange to her) . Next week...I was going to be on TV.
67) 61) text: 3 they move al: skiff, he races towards it. As he yanks # pow Line to pelt te closer, he sees that it is full of water. ~ ile he debates bailing it out, the THUP-THUP of a . HELICOPTER is heard in the distance. _ Jennifer turns. David glances around and the SOUND DISAPPEARS in the SIGHING OF THE WIND. He fishes through a pile of rusty: junk looking for a can that will hold water. Suddenly, there is a ROAR and he spins ground. —.-. 0: :
67) 97) text: “ 198 ANGLE Os David scrambles to his feet, lifting Jennifer, make a break for it. The chopper settles down on ¢ ground in front of them. © ss. nt a
67) 115) text: C-) They react and race forward towards the helicopter. : Falken pulls Jennifer aboard, then David as it lifts off into the night sky. 201 oMitTeD ~ , - 201 thru . thru
70) 6) text: The lead jeep suddenly pulls off the road and races down a steep embankment while David, Jennifer and Falken hang on. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: The jeep with Falken, David and Jennifer suddenly / appears, leaping ovez an embankment onto the road. | Travis emits a loud "yahoo." Falken glances at David who hangs on for his life. Speed shifting up through the gears the jeep races toward the NORAD entrance. ,
73) 6) dialog: Yeah, I think so.
76) 0) text: Pat Healy races with Falken, David and Jennifer. Running ahead, Healy opens the double doors leading into the Crystal Palace.
77) 0) text: As Pat Healy rushes up to the Command Balcony, Falken azes around the command center of the globa avtomated Dpattlefield he helped create. With David and Jennifer hanging behind him, he slowly approaches the big board. They both gaze at the waves of incoming missiles.
77) 61) text: David with Jennifer moves toward Falken. They stand together observing the scene. ANGLE a 240 McKittrick glares at Falken, David and the girl, ondering a host of unanswered questions. After a eat, he starts towards them. ANGLE:> ‘COMMAND BALCONY : 241 An ebullient General Beringer and his aides congratulate themselves and the team on the floor. As Colonel Conley orders the bomber and submarine forces back, Major Lem types instructions into the WOPR console.
79) 0) text: David, Jennifer and Falken stand near McKittrick. David looks at the board. : : DAVID ; What are those? : 4 McKittrick looks up at the board. A series of ten random numbers and letters flash on the lower gereen, changing 80 rapidly that the digits are urred. wMeKittrick looks at David, then back at the screen, & growing Look of “dread on His face. McRITTRICK Christ, the launch codesee.
79) 1) dialog: What are they?
83) 18) dialog: No, let him. He knows how. He's played it before.
83) 23) dialog: Not him. You should do it David. (CONTINUED)
84) 0) text: As the SONG CONTINUES, David wanders slowly through the arcade in which we first encountered him. He seems strangely more mature, more at ease, less frenetic than the youths who obsessively play computer games around him. His reverie is interrupted by the appearance of Jennifer. He smiles. They speak. She coaxes @ laugh, then she whispers something and he laughs again. As the SONG CONTINUES, computer imagery blends with the. play world of Joshua. The excitement of military personnel, playing the game on the big board can read in their expressions and the computer imagery 0 the Crystal Palace and ‘the play world: of the arcade, linked by the lyric of the song provides in a bizarre counterpoint the jronic union between games of power and destruction both large and small.