32) 48) text: David's eyes lock on the photo. Then, he types in "Joshua." The monitor doesn't disconnect. Then suddenly, for a few seconds, it comes alive with a barrage of incomprehensible data.
56) 7) text: They don't know Joshua. Falken knows Joshua. He's the only one . who knows what it can do. It's trying to win the game we asked it to play -- for real. He gives her a long look.
59) 15) text: Falken studies him for a minute ‘ PALKEN' Why don*t you both come ap to the house? « B 4to David) . ~ And then maybe you can tell -.me how you know Joshua. -
83) 71) text: : “David stares into the screen as if he’s trying to pull : Joshua out by force of will... it's a battle... Finally — Four familiar straight lines from childhood shine onto the screen. Falken’s eyes brighten with anticipation.
83) 73) dialog: 
83) 82) dialog: 
83) 85) dialog: 
83) 88) dialog: He makes his move. An O appears instantly in one corner. “ANGLE® + GENERAL ‘BERINGER Toes 263 From his position at the rear of the Command Balcony, General Beringer gazes in amazement at the display on the board. ‘
83) 90) dialog: 
83) 102) text: Another X, followed by another sequence of moves. Stalemate. Again... again... again... again... again... again... David watches the big board, repeatedly hitting the ENTER key as if trying to prompt Joshua. , © DAVID... Come on. Learn, goddamnit. General Beringer silently approaches the group gathered behind David at the console. The pace is picking up gradually as the no-win loop consumes more and more system power... moves appear and are wiped ovt with an increasing frequency... until the huge grid is filled with a blur of dueling symbols... the X is in the center square FLICKERING more rapidly as the program plays out hundreds of games per second.
83) 137) dialog: 
83) 139) dialog: 
83) 142) dialog: Jennifer laughs at the idea. David looks up and turns to Falken. The first bars of the end TITLE SONG are heard as Falken gently smiles at Joshua's invitation. Falken looks over at David. They exchange sniles.
84) 0) text: As the SONG CONTINUES, David wanders slowly through the arcade in which we first encountered him. He seems strangely more mature, more at ease, less frenetic than the youths who obsessively play computer games around him. His reverie is interrupted by the appearance of Jennifer. He smiles. They speak. She coaxes @ laugh, then she whispers something and he laughs again. As the SONG CONTINUES, computer imagery blends with the. play world of Joshua. The excitement of military personnel, playing the game on the big board can read in their expressions and the computer imagery 0 the Crystal Palace and ‘the play world: of the arcade, linked by the lyric of the song provides in a bizarre counterpoint the jronic union between games of power and destruction both large and small.