69) 0) text: McKittrick stands behind MAJOR LEM at the WOPR terminal as Major Lem reads the analysis of the attack.
69) 1) dialog: _Initial attack. profile: Massive - Soviet counterforce strike. Anticipated losses: Eighty-five : to ninety-five percent of our land based strategic forces. |
75) 1) dialog: (to Beringer) All “wings ‘report missiles targeted and enabled, awaiting launch codes.
77) 32) dialog: (at SIOP) Initial impact points -- Loring Air Force Base in Maine, three- nineteenth Bomb Wing at Grand Forks and Alaskan Air Command Headquarters at Elmendorf. | Impacts projected in just a little over one minute, sir.
77) 61) text: David with Jennifer moves toward Falken. They stand together observing the scene. ANGLE a 240 McKittrick glares at Falken, David and the girl, ondering a host of unanswered questions. After a eat, he starts towards them. ANGLE:> ‘COMMAND BALCONY : 241 An ebullient General Beringer and his aides congratulate themselves and the team on the floor. As Colonel Conley orders the bomber and submarine forces back, Major Lem types instructions into the WOPR console.
77) 62) dialog: Bis smile fades quickly as he tries to log onto the system. (CONTINUED)
77) 68) dialog: (to Colonel Conley) Would you get me Dr. McKittrick _right away. :
77) 72) dialog: 
77) 73) dialog: (into headset) . Sir — something very strange 15 happening. The WOPR refuses to let me log back on. I can't get in to stand down the missiles or recall the bombers. 245 ANGLE — McKITTRICK ustares at Falken. McKITTRICK (into headset) Hold on. Ye turns to a terminal next to him and hits the “Enter™ keyoee
83) 20) dialog: SYSTEMS PROGRAMMERS are throwing out suggestions to Major Lem, who types into the terminal, willing to try anything. ‘PROGRAMMERS see feed it a tapeworm... “7 no, too risky -- might crash the system —— see how'd the kid get in... the back door... “- we took it out — e+e Shit. Can we invade the deep logic? , ~~ we keep hitting a damn firewall — MONITOR: IDENTIFICATION NOT RECOGNIZED. YOU HAVE BEEN DISCONNECTED.
83) 21) text: Falken, McKittrick, David and Jenifer approach. David Pushes through the crowd to Major Lem and Bpeaks quietly.
83) 43) text: ! As David speaks, Major Lem types.
83) 69) text: What? Major Lem obeys David and the Games List flashes onto the screen. Davis leans over the terminal and furiously hits the eyS.