6) 0) text: DR. JOHN McKITTRICK, a Senior Advisor with the Depart- ment of Defense, leans over a table top of blueprint schematics. He discusses the fine points of a vast. computer system with his Assistant, PAUL RICHTER, a rumpled and high-strung young man. Pat Healy enters and McKittrick glances up.
7) 0) text: McKittrick straightens his tie as he walks beside Pat Healy.
8) 0) text: Cabot and Watson sit around a table with GENERAL JACK BERINGER and aide DOUGHERTY, as Pat Healy cleans up some plates and debris. John McKittrick pours a cup j of coffee as the argument rages. .
8) 16) dialog: General, they're fine men, I agree with you there -- but isn't it just a.big charade? I mean, all they're supposed to do is turn those keys when the computer tells them to.
9) 0) text: The group walks between banks of huge computers as the discussion continues. McKITTRICK These computers give us instant access to the state of the world. : - - Troop movements...Soviet missile - oe tests...shifting weather patterns... oe it all -flows into this room. McKittrick walks toward a large gray machine the size of a VW bug. Paul Richter, McKittrick's excitable assistant, looks up from his terminal at the machine. McKITTRICK (cont) «seand into this...the WOPR computer. (CONTINUED)
11) 13) text: information ‘on the state of the world. McKITTRICK The WOPR has already fought World War III as a game any number of times estimating Soviet responses to our responses to their responses and 50 on. Then it looks for ways to improve its score in a real war. The point is the key decisions about every conceivable option in a nuclear crisis have already been made by the WOPR. If the day ever comes when the President orders us to follow the plans...I want to make damn sure they're carried out. Cabot turns to McKittrick, clearly sympathetic. cCABOT But right now, all this trillion dollar hardware is at the mercy of those men with the little brass keys. . McKITTRICK Whose only problem is they're human. You give me four to six weeks max and we can replace them with electronic relays. Then we can get the humans out of the goddamn loop.
41) 0) text: A helicopter arrives and deposits McKittrick.
42) 10) text: They reach a flight of stairs that leads to the briefing room. McKittrick notes the group of VIPs. McKITTRICK Christ, just what we need today, another tour group snooping - around. Why don't they go to Disneyland?
43) 0) text: A harried Paul Richter stands at a blackboard filled with incomprehensible diagrams. Seated are. Beringer and Dougherty, Cabot, and Watson, and GEORGE WIGAN, a stern man in civilian clothes. McKittrick enters as Richter winds up a point, takes a seat, exchanges glances with the General.
43) 10) text: McKITTRICK Paul, I. want you to find that password and remove it. Put a tiger team on it--and beef up security around the WOPR.
43) 14) text: McKITTRICK Ithink .I‘d better talk to the. boy.
44) 0) text: McKittrick enters and is admitted to a locked examing room which is opened by a wall-mounted touch-tone lock.
45) 0) text: David looks up as McKittrick enters. A burly Air Police Sergeant stands at the door. David looks haggard and scared as McKittrick faces him. His hands are cuffed. McKITTRICK Hello, David. I'm John McKittrick. I run the computer facility here. David nods. MCKITTRICK (cont) (to guard) Can you get these cuffs off him? David, I called your parents.... I told them you're fine and that we haven't filed any charges yet... But I also said we'll need a little time to sort this whole thing out.
46) 0) text: McKittrick walks briskly with David close behind. (CONTINUED)
47) 0) text: David glances around at the well-appointed office with a view of the Crystal Palace. A monitor glows in the darkness of indirect lighting. McKittrick indicates a chair. David sits. As McKittrick speaks, he removes soft drinks from a small fridge. David looks over his shoulder to follow McKittrick's movements.
47) 1) dialog: But after you saw it on the news, why'd you break in again? You knew how serious it was.
47) 3) dialog: I know. We found it in the trash.
47) 6) dialog: A game.... (looks at notes) David, who were you supposed to meet in Paris?
47) 8) dialog: You made reservations for two. Who else knows about this? cur TO:
47) 15) dialog: Forget that lawyer crap -- you're not going anywhere until I get the truth out of you. They stare at each other in silence. Suddenly, the PHONE RINGS. After a few rings, McKittrick decides to pick up.
47) 16) dialog: Yes. (disbelief) What? (leoks at David) I'll be :right down. McKittrick hangs up, stands, and turns to David.
47) 17) dialog: You don't move. Understand? You stay right there.
49) 2) text: 158 159 #5381 - Revised 9/20/82 an : 67. INT. McKITTRICK'S OFFICE . 157A McKittrick leans over his desk with Richter studying a large spread of wiring diagrams. He glances up as Pat Healy enters. McKITTRICK Hey, if it isn't good news I don't 7 want to hear it. Pat shrugs.
68) 10) text: McKittrick hurries toward the Command Balcony.
69) 0) text: McKittrick stands behind MAJOR LEM at the WOPR terminal as Major Lem reads the analysis of the attack.
77) 2) text: McKITTRICK . . Stephen, I don't know what the hell you think, you're gonna be « able to do here... *
77) 7) dialog: Look, I don't know what this kid -- -has told you...
77) 61) text: David with Jennifer moves toward Falken. They stand together observing the scene. ANGLE a 240 McKittrick glares at Falken, David and the girl, ondering a host of unanswered questions. After a eat, he starts towards them. ANGLE:> ‘COMMAND BALCONY : 241 An ebullient General Beringer and his aides congratulate themselves and the team on the floor. As Colonel Conley orders the bomber and submarine forces back, Major Lem types instructions into the WOPR console.
77) 69) text: Falken notes McKittrick's approach.
79) 0) text: David, Jennifer and Falken stand near McKittrick. David looks at the board. : : DAVID ; What are those? : 4 McKittrick looks up at the board. A series of ten random numbers and letters flash on the lower gereen, changing 80 rapidly that the digits are urred. wMeKittrick looks at David, then back at the screen, & growing Look of “dread on His face. McRITTRICK Christ, the launch codesee.
83) 0) text: The random numbers are running out rapidly. turns to Falken. McKITTRICK Stephen, try and get back in.
83) 21) text: Falken, McKittrick, David and Jenifer approach. David Pushes through the crowd to Major Lem and Bpeaks quietly.