20) 5) text: CONTINUED: “ 46 David's father, MR. LIGHTMAN, a thin balding man, meti- culously butters a piece of Wonder Bread and then pro ceeds to wrap it around an ear of corn, slowly rotating it to grease the cob evenly. Ralph sits patiently by, waiting for his chance. David eats while reading the junk mail of the day and the latest issue of a computer magazine. At the other end of the table, a plate of food sits untouched. From behind the closed kitchen door, Mrs. Lightman's loud telephone chatter can be heard.
20) 6) dialog: Ralph, you already ate. Buty yourve got to see Now stay! You put out the place... It's ny the trash? pride and joy of all my istings. Yes, two DAVID bedrooms, a bath~and-a- Yeah. half and a huge bonus room... (calls out) Put the lid on real tight so Ralph won't turn it over again. DAVID . : (back to phone) I know; Mom. - of, They are willing to * carry back on a second wee I think we can work something with creative financing. All right, wonderful, I'll meet you at 9:30 tomorrow. Mr. Lightman nods approval. David's attention is caught by a provocative three-page insert announcement: QUANTUM LEAP IN COMPUTER GAMES -- FROM PROTOVISION THIS SUMMER. David, having finished, excuses himself,..and rises from the table and puts the dishes in‘the sink. “Ralph follows David who sneaks him a leftover on the sly. INT. HALLWAY — NIGHT 47 As David crosses the hallway to the vestibule, his mother watches him go. As he mounts the steps she turns to Mr. Lightman.
20) 11) dialog: Mom. As he crunches on his corn.
29) 1) text: She rings the At the ‘door, Jennifer continues trotting in place and breathing deeply as she waits. It opens and Mr. Lightman. faces her with a glazed expression.
29) 9) dialog: He's up in his room. He steps aside, letting her enter.
30) 0) text: Mr. Lightman speaks as Jennifer bounces up the stairs.
30) 1) dialog: You ought to take him out running. He never gets any exercise.
37) 5) dialog: I've told you you've got to fasten down the lids... Look at this mess.
37) 7) dialog: I want this picked up right now, understand me? “OMITTED 99 thru 101
38) 23) text: David opens the front door and enters in a very upbeat . : C) mood. He passes -by the den where Mr. Lightman is - watching the news. ole