5) 0) text: Two men, distinguished by the careful tailoring of top echelon Washington bureaucrats, get out. ARTHUR CABOT, oldest of the two, is immediately greeted by PATRICIA HEALY, thirtyish, a civilian employee of the Defense Department.
5) 1) dialog: Mr. Cabot, I'm Pat Healy, Dr. McKittrick's assistant... LYLE WATSON, Cabot's assistant, introduces himself as the group heads towards a security gate. Pat distri- butes red ID tags which the men clip to their jackets.
5) 2) dialog: Ceontinuing; to Cabot) We set up a briefing pending your arrival. In the meantime, if you have any questions, I'll do my best to fill you in. The group arrives at the security gate and Healy leads them onto a small bus. INT. NORAD ENTRANCE TUNNEL — DAY v7 Pat Healy, Cabot and Watson are silent during their descent into the man-made grottos of NORAD.
6) 0) text: DR. JOHN McKITTRICK, a Senior Advisor with the Depart- ment of Defense, leans over a table top of blueprint schematics. He discusses the fine points of a vast. computer system with his Assistant, PAUL RICHTER, a rumpled and high-strung young man. Pat Healy enters and McKittrick glances up.
6) 1) dialog: “They're here. McKittrick removes his jacket from a chair back and Starts out of the room.
7) 0) text: McKittrick straightens his tie as he walks beside Pat Healy.
7) 1) dialog: Cabot and Watson came on their own. No senators and no Congressmen. McKITTRICK That's too bad, we could have cused -a few senators.
7) 2) dialog: Sir? They reach the doorway to another building. McKITTRICK They ought to see what really goes on here. OMITTED ‘ 21 thru 23
8) 0) text: Cabot and Watson sit around a table with GENERAL JACK BERINGER and aide DOUGHERTY, as Pat Healy cleans up some plates and debris. John McKittrick pours a cup j of coffee as the argument rages. .
8) 21) dialog: Twenty-three minutes from warning till impact. Six minutes if they're sub-launched. McKITTRICK Six minutes. Just enough time for the President to make his decision -- and then it's all up to the computers. Gentlemen, . can you spare five minutes? Let me show you.
9) 0) text: The group walks between banks of huge computers as the discussion continues. McKITTRICK These computers give us instant access to the state of the world. : - - Troop movements...Soviet missile - oe tests...shifting weather patterns... oe it all -flows into this room. McKittrick walks toward a large gray machine the size of a VW bug. Paul Richter, McKittrick's excitable assistant, looks up from his terminal at the machine. McKITTRICK (cont) «seand into this...the WOPR computer. (CONTINUED)
11) 13) text: information ‘on the state of the world. McKITTRICK The WOPR has already fought World War III as a game any number of times estimating Soviet responses to our responses to their responses and 50 on. Then it looks for ways to improve its score in a real war. The point is the key decisions about every conceivable option in a nuclear crisis have already been made by the WOPR. If the day ever comes when the President orders us to follow the plans...I want to make damn sure they're carried out. Cabot turns to McKittrick, clearly sympathetic. cCABOT But right now, all this trillion dollar hardware is at the mercy of those men with the little brass keys. . McKITTRICK Whose only problem is they're human. You give me four to six weeks max and we can replace them with electronic relays. Then we can get the humans out of the goddamn loop.
20) 5) text: CONTINUED: “ 46 David's father, MR. LIGHTMAN, a thin balding man, meti- culously butters a piece of Wonder Bread and then pro ceeds to wrap it around an ear of corn, slowly rotating it to grease the cob evenly. Ralph sits patiently by, waiting for his chance. David eats while reading the junk mail of the day and the latest issue of a computer magazine. At the other end of the table, a plate of food sits untouched. From behind the closed kitchen door, Mrs. Lightman's loud telephone chatter can be heard.
38) 8) text: Pat Healy walks quickly towards the group and hands Richter a computer printout.
38) 14) dialog: F . Seattle, Washington.
42) 9) dialog: The Soviets saw our bombers scramble and went on alert themselves. We've told them it was an exercise, but we're waiting : . for them to relax their posture . ~ . before we do.
42) 11) dialog: I think that's tomorrow they do that.
49) 2) text: 158 159 #5381 - Revised 9/20/82 an : 67. INT. McKITTRICK'S OFFICE . 157A McKittrick leans over his desk with Richter studying a large spread of wiring diagrams. He glances up as Pat Healy enters. McKITTRICK Hey, if it isn't good news I don't 7 want to hear it. Pat shrugs.
49) 3) dialog: They lost the kid. He got away. McKITTRICK What?
49) 4) dialog: They've put out an all state, all points bulletin and, of course, they'll get him. But for the moment, he's loose. McKITTRICK I hope they blow the little bastard * away. EXT. ..COLORADO GAS .STATION — DAY . 158 A large truck pulls into a gas station and David hops out. He walks to an outdoor pay phone.
59) 1) text: side of a rock outcropping. Finally, it gracefully glides to the lone figure of a man apparently its*. David and Jennifer slog towards the shoreline where Falken, dressed in a dark, rain slick material, holds his creature. An eccentricity, a flamboyance, and a - disregard for the conventional as immediately evident from his actions and attitudes. . FALKEN” x Greetings. I'm sorry I startled - you...Just imagine, the sky was, . once filled with them. - We're looking for Dr. Hume. ~~ Ah, you've read my mailbox. Splendid! Are either of you paleontologists? I prayed God - would send mea paleontologist. . “pu zzled) - You' re ‘Stephen Falken, aren't you? Falken turns and begins walking away. eo Reh Sige are 3 Sust there you'll find. a path which leads to a length of chain link fence Follow the fence until you come to agate. Open the gate, exit the- property, and please give it a yes: sien so i locks meu you. k oe you hurry, you just make , siz-thirty ferry to the mainland.
60) 10) text: ne iT. (calculating) = Their flight path will put then right over Pave Paws. : COLONEL CONLET. If they knock it out, we won't be able to detect b laun
74) 0) text: The group race down the tunnel as the huge blast door is closing. An anxious PAT HEALY is waiting with security badges.
74) 1) dialog: (to Guards) They're cleared... they're cleared. Without hesitation, Falken, David, Jennifer and Healy rush through just before the heavy door CLUNKS shut.
76) 0) text: Pat Healy races with Falken, David and Jennifer. Running ahead, Healy opens the double doors leading into the Crystal Palace.
77) 0) text: As Pat Healy rushes up to the Command Balcony, Falken azes around the command center of the globa avtomated Dpattlefield he helped create. With David and Jennifer hanging behind him, he slowly approaches the big board. They both gaze at the waves of incoming missiles.
81) 4) dialog: (nose in calculator) There's an eighty percent chance of it finding the bunch codes in six minutes. BERINGER . Just unplug the goddamn thing. Jesus Christ!! McKITTRICK We can't. It would interpret any shut down as if this facility were destroyed in an attack. The computers at the silos will cerry out their last instruction, whic was to launch.
83) 71) text: : “David stares into the screen as if he’s trying to pull : Joshua out by force of will... it's a battle... Finally — Four familiar straight lines from childhood shine onto the screen. Falken’s eyes brighten with anticipation.