6) 0) text: DR. JOHN McKITTRICK, a Senior Advisor with the Depart- ment of Defense, leans over a table top of blueprint schematics. He discusses the fine points of a vast. computer system with his Assistant, PAUL RICHTER, a rumpled and high-strung young man. Pat Healy enters and McKittrick glances up.
9) 0) text: The group walks between banks of huge computers as the discussion continues. McKITTRICK These computers give us instant access to the state of the world. : - - Troop movements...Soviet missile - oe tests...shifting weather patterns... oe it all -flows into this room. McKittrick walks toward a large gray machine the size of a VW bug. Paul Richter, McKittrick's excitable assistant, looks up from his terminal at the machine. McKITTRICK (cont) «seand into this...the WOPR computer. (CONTINUED)
11) 12) dialog: Well, the WOPR spends its time thinking about World War III twenty-four hours a day, three hundred and sixty-five days a year. It plays an endless .series ’ of war games, using all available
38) 0) text: Richter can be seen rushing frantically into the room.
38) 1) dialog: Stop it! STOP! It's a simulation. There's an attack simulation running. INT. CRYSTAL. PALACE — COMMAND BALCONY 1043 Amazed, Beringer watches Richter's frantic approach.
38) 3) dialog: We're not being attacked. It's a simulation.
38) 4) text: _- #5381 i 104D ANGLE 7 oo 4104D my Beringer faces Richter. ‘ ,
38) 8) text: Pat Healy walks quickly towards the group and hands Richter a computer printout.
38) 10) dialog: _. (glancing at printout) — oe I.didn't tell you to cut the line. . - Did I tell you to cut the line? fr You've cut the line. Sir, they QO shut down before we could complete our trace. (eool) : We did locate the general area where the transmission originated.
43) 0) text: A harried Paul Richter stands at a blackboard filled with incomprehensible diagrams. Seated are. Beringer and Dougherty, Cabot, and Watson, and GEORGE WIGAN, a stern man in civilian clothes. McKittrick enters as Richter winds up a point, takes a seat, exchanges glances with the General.
43) 1) dialog: «+-Mr. Cabot, it was a one-in- a-million shot -- there was an open line at our Space Division in Sunnyvale - the phone company screwed up.... - He trails off, :relieved'to: see McKittrick.
43) 3) dialog: Well, he penetrated the war game subsystem using a password left in by the original programmer... no one even knew it was in there. (CONTINUED)
49) 2) text: 158 159 #5381 - Revised 9/20/82 an : 67. INT. McKITTRICK'S OFFICE . 157A McKittrick leans over his desk with Richter studying a large spread of wiring diagrams. He glances up as Pat Healy enters. McKITTRICK Hey, if it isn't good news I don't 7 want to hear it. Pat shrugs.
78) 0) text: Richter sits at his console, surrounded by a team of frantic technicians.
78) 1) dialog: (on phone) I know, it's weird. No one can get back on. We're trying everything: It's like the entire password ile has been wiped out.
80) 9) dialog: We've checked the random number generators, but they're not even running. I have no idea... it could toming from anywhere.
83) 110) dialog: (amazed) It's caught in a loop... forcing it to draw more and more power - from the rest of the system... The STROBE EFFECT INCREASES IN VELOCITY electrifying the expressions of everyone looking on in the darkened war room.