53) 0) text: The patio is pretty well filled with patrons. Clo-Clo, crossing the patio from the entrance gates to the bar in rear, skirts the dance floor В—- watching the customers w amusement. In doing so, she almost bumps into a waiter wi full tray. To let him pass, she backs aside and stands by of the tables. At this table are three people; John Brunton, his daughte Helene and her husband, Dwight. John Brunton is a heavyВ—set, rather impressive looking m about sixty  Because he is an older man with the air of authority which comes from success and money, you have to look twice to catch both the gaiety and the gentle irony his eyes. Helene and Dwight are two of his closest reason for that irony. They are nice-looking, wellВ—groomed, som conventionally smart people. Waiting for the waiter to go by, Clo-Clo half turns and l down at the three people. She smiles.
53) 2) text: Helene looks up coolly at Clo-Clo and then reaches for he cigarette case. Dwight, with a faint smile which is inten to put brash women in their places, busies himself lighti Helene's cigarette. Brunton looks up at Clo-Clo end gives a friendly smile.
53) 7) text: Brunton leans back a little and cranes his neck to see if can locate the waiter. Helene puts her hand over his on t table.
53) 8) dialog: (sweetly) Don't bother. I don't want one -В— do you, Dwight?
53) 9) text: Dwight, disinterested, shrugs his shoulders. Helene gives one of those say-something-dope looks.
53) 13) dialog: (shrugging her, shoulders) I suppose so --
53) 15) dialog: Dwight --
55) 0) text: Helene and Dwight are seated at the table again. A waiter serving the dinner they hate been waiting for.
55) 1) dialog: (savagely) It's taken this        impossible trip to show me what an old fool father has become!
55) 4) dialog: Probably.
56) 36) text: Brunton makes a little face and then turns around to see Helene who is coming coward him from the steps.
56) 37) dialog: (furiously) We finished dinner hours ago.
56) 40) text: He waves his hand at the glasses on the little table. With a fishy eye for Clo-Clo, Helene turns and goes back the steps.