30) 0) text: It is a cool, shadowy square room. At the back is a stair The floor is tiled. Through an arched grilled doorway, we see the living room beyond. The front door opens and Rosi steps in hurriedly, her heels clicking on the tile floor. Three people are standing waiting. They are Senora Contre Cousin Felipe and Marta, an old servant who is more compa than maid in the household by this time. Marta is dressed in black -В— dress, shoes and apron. Her grey hair is dra back to a knot. She wears tiny gold loops in her pierced and a gold cross at the fastening of her high collar. Sen Contreras, a dignified, imposing woman with the remnants great beauty still apparent in her expressive eyes and lo hair, is dressed in a flowing lacy negligee. In her arms carries a little Chihuahua dog. Cousin Felipe is a dapper little cat of a man, meticulously dressed in the proper apparel of thirty years ago. The Senora and Cousin Felipe waiting on the stairs. Marta is in the hail.
30) 1) dialog: (crossly) Shhh!
31) 0) text: SHOT of Senora Contreras, Marta and Rosita as they come u the landing and start on tiptoe toward a door. The Senora Contreras puts her hand on the knob softly. Cousin Felipe pulls a single rose from Rosita's armful. Marta sees him she glares but says nothing.
32) 0) text: Although the curtains of the room are drawn, the softly filtered daylight shows this to be a room of delicacy and lightness. The simplicity of the white walls, the sheer curtains hanging across the barred, embrasured windows, t lovely lace coverlet and the pretty young-girl trinkets o the dressing table give the room an air of lightness. As the door swings inward, the sunlight fills the room. T we see, lying in the bed, serenely asleep, Consuelo Contreras. This is her eighteenth birthday. Senora Contreras walks to the foot of the bed and stands looking down at her daughter. She smiles sadly. In still, untroubled sleep, the full vulnerability of Consuelo's yo is touchingly apparent. Marta stands to one side, a little behind Senora Contrera Cousin Felipe remains in the background, near the open do Rosita tiptoes cautiously to the head of the bed and carefully puts down the roses, so that the blossoms lie i the curve of Consuelo's outflung arm. She has to drop on knee to do this and she stays in this position, slowly drawing her hands away from the flowers. They start singi "Las Mananitas" the traditional birthday song of Mexico - singing very softly at first. Consuelo stirs slightly and then opens her eyes. Lying as does, the first thing she sees are the roses, lying besid her. She lifts her eyes from the roses to see Rosita's eager smiling face, almost on a level with her own. Rosita's sm broadens but she goes on singing dutifully. Still bemused, but beginning to smile faintly herself, Consuelo looks beyond Rosita and sees Cousin Felipe stand back by the door. Very much the gallant, he touches his stolen rose to his lips and tosses it to Consuelo. Consuelo continues her survey of the room and turns her e to the foot of the bed.
32) 4) text: Marta goes to one of the windows and motions Rosita to th other.
32) 5) dialog: It is a good morning, nina -- see how the sun is shining for you - -
32) 6) text: Marta draws back the curtains and the room, already light seems to grow even lighter. Senora Contreras leans forwar and kisses Consuelo's forehead.
32) 10) text: At Consuelo's first words, Cousin Felipe begins to beam. he glances across the room and encounters Marts's grin, sardonic glance just as Consuelo says "How carefully you have picked it out!" Abashed, he murmurs something unintelligible and quietly slips out of the room. At the window, Rosita has been standing with her back to Marta, staring fixedly at Consuelo to attract her attenti She makes a little notion with her hands now and Consuelo glances at her. Smiling secretively, Rosita draws a white envelope part way out of her apron pocket, just enough to Consuelo see what it is. Then she hastily puts it out of sight again. There is a sudden light in Consuelo's eyes. is transfigured with a really exultant happiness.
32) 14) text: Senora Contreras pats the girl's head fondly. Marta, leav the room, smiles at mother and daughter.
32) 15) dialog: (turning at the door) Rosita!
32) 16) text: Rosita slowly walks away from the window and toward the d But as soon as Marta has gone out of the door, she stops the dressing table on the pretext of dusting the bottles her apron. Senora Contreras rises, with difficulty, and also goes to door.