6) 0) text: The Delgado house is typical of the poorer Mexican homes New Mexico. This main room, which is small, serves as liv room, bedroom and kitchen. An Indian blanket covers the doorway into the only other room. The adobe walls are plastered with pictures of religious subjects. The wooden floor is bare. There is a charcoal-burning bra in one corner. Pots and pans on the hearth of the firepla show that it is a supplementary stove, The rest of the furniture consists of an iron bedstead, a large and hideo oak table and an open-faced china cabinet which contains Delgado treasures. Pedro, Teresa's nine-year-old brother is seated at the oa table, eating from a bowl of frijoles. He is, and looks l an imp. Teresa is backing away from her mother, who turns away from the window to face her angrily.
6) 2) dialog: (complacently) I'm too young.
6) 7) dialog: I know what she's afraid of...
6) 8) text: Pedro lifts his hand. It casts a sharp shadow on the wall behind him. Watching the shadow, he manipulates his finge so as to create the shadow of a leopard's head in miniatu
6) 9) dialog: This!
6) 14) dialog: (gleefully) They're big -- and they jump on you!
6) 15) text: Pedro jumps the shadow on the wall, to simulate the leap leopard.
6) 19) text: Sra. Delgado gives the broom such a backward swing of fin purpose that Teresa hurriedly opens the door behind her a slinks out backwards -- her big liquid dark eyes, still futilely pleading, the last to disappear. Sra. Delgado mo after her, pushing the door closed. She puts the broom in the corner and goes to where Pedro seated. Here she stands a moment, fondly watching him as masticates his beans. Behind her the door stealthily open Teresa tries to sneak back into the room. Mamacita sees t movement and makes a tempestuous rush toward her, but Ter sidles out of the door before she can be caught. Mamacita muttering, slams the door shut and with difficulty pushes heavy, rust-covered iron bolt into place.
23) 0) text: It is quiet and peaceful in the Delgado home. Senora Delg is puttering about the brasero. Pedro, on all fours, is reading a comic book, his rump high in the air, his chin inches from the book. Suddenly, a wild rain of knocks on door fill the little room. Sonora Delgado, at the brasero drops a spoon with a clatter and Pedro springs up.
23) 7) dialog: She is afraid of the leopard.
23) 11) text: Pedro jumps to his feet. An instant change has come over face of Senora Delgado. She hurls herself forward.
23) 15) text: As Senora Delgado tugs vainly at the bolt, Pedro darts ov to the fireplace and grabs up a stone from the hearth.
23) 17) text: Pedro rushes to the door and pushes his mother's hands as He hammers the unruly bar back with the stone. Then, he draws back and looks down at his feet. Senora Delgado's horrified eyes follow his glance. Under the crack of the door seeps a dark tongue of blood, widening and lengthening on the rough wooden floor.
26) 8) text: Kiki makes a movement as if to put her hand comfortingly his sleeve, then changes her mind, dropping her hand. MED. SHOT - Undertaking Parlor - as the Delgado family emerges and starts down the street. The mother and father walk ahead, the father's arm about the mother's shoulder. They are followed by Pedro, his hand in the Nun's hand as they walk together. Kiki and Jerry fail to see them, and is necessary for Senor Delgado to ask for room.