29) 3) text: The flower vendor laughs loudly, his body vibrating. Rosi sees no humor in this remark and taking a coin from her pocket, hands it to him. Still chuckling, the vendor move his cash drawer, to make change. In the b.g., Clo-Clo can seen entering the store. She tiptoes forward directly beh the flower vendor and ignoring Rosita completely, snatche wilted gardenia from a tin. The flower vendor has caught action in the mirror and whirling, pulls the gardenia out her hand,and at the same time turns back to the cash draw CloВ—Clo isn't at all abashed by the vendor's action.
29) 9) text: The vendor drops the change into Rosita's hand, then turn on Clo-Clo, shoes her off with a motion. ANOTHER ANGLE В— taking in Rosita at edge of stall. She l off at Clo-Clo and with a grand gesture, pulls a long ste rose from the bouquet.
29) 10) dialog: My mistress, Consuelo Contreras, does not have to beg for flowers. She won't miss one.
29) 11) text: Rosita flings a rose to Clo-Clo. Clo-Clo catches it. With snap she breaks the stem and thrusts the rose into her ha
30) 3) text: Rosita nods contritely. Walking with exaggerated care, sh joins them and they all start up the stairs. The CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they go upstairs.
31) 0) text: SHOT of Senora Contreras, Marta and Rosita as they come u the landing and start on tiptoe toward a door. The Senora Contreras puts her hand on the knob softly. Cousin Felipe pulls a single rose from Rosita's armful. Marta sees him she glares but says nothing.
32) 0) text: Although the curtains of the room are drawn, the softly filtered daylight shows this to be a room of delicacy and lightness. The simplicity of the white walls, the sheer curtains hanging across the barred, embrasured windows, t lovely lace coverlet and the pretty young-girl trinkets o the dressing table give the room an air of lightness. As the door swings inward, the sunlight fills the room. T we see, lying in the bed, serenely asleep, Consuelo Contreras. This is her eighteenth birthday. Senora Contreras walks to the foot of the bed and stands looking down at her daughter. She smiles sadly. In still, untroubled sleep, the full vulnerability of Consuelo's yo is touchingly apparent. Marta stands to one side, a little behind Senora Contrera Cousin Felipe remains in the background, near the open do Rosita tiptoes cautiously to the head of the bed and carefully puts down the roses, so that the blossoms lie i the curve of Consuelo's outflung arm. She has to drop on knee to do this and she stays in this position, slowly drawing her hands away from the flowers. They start singi "Las Mananitas" the traditional birthday song of Mexico - singing very softly at first. Consuelo stirs slightly and then opens her eyes. Lying as does, the first thing she sees are the roses, lying besid her. She lifts her eyes from the roses to see Rosita's eager smiling face, almost on a level with her own. Rosita's sm broadens but she goes on singing dutifully. Still bemused, but beginning to smile faintly herself, Consuelo looks beyond Rosita and sees Cousin Felipe stand back by the door. Very much the gallant, he touches his stolen rose to his lips and tosses it to Consuelo. Consuelo continues her survey of the room and turns her e to the foot of the bed.
32) 2) text: Senora Contreras nods slowly, but continues to sing with others as they go into the chorus. Consuelo starts to sit up, pulling the roses to her. Rosita gets up, too, and props the pillows behind her you mistress. Senora Contreras comes around the bed and sits the edge of it as the song finishes.
32) 3) dialog: Good morning on your birthday, Senorita Consuelo --
32) 4) text: Marta goes to one of the windows and motions Rosita to th other.
32) 10) text: At Consuelo's first words, Cousin Felipe begins to beam. he glances across the room and encounters Marts's grin, sardonic glance just as Consuelo says "How carefully you have picked it out!" Abashed, he murmurs something unintelligible and quietly slips out of the room. At the window, Rosita has been standing with her back to Marta, staring fixedly at Consuelo to attract her attenti She makes a little notion with her hands now and Consuelo glances at her. Smiling secretively, Rosita draws a white envelope part way out of her apron pocket, just enough to Consuelo see what it is. Then she hastily puts it out of sight again. There is a sudden light in Consuelo's eyes. is transfigured with a really exultant happiness.
32) 16) text: Rosita slowly walks away from the window and toward the d But as soon as Marta has gone out of the door, she stops the dressing table on the pretext of dusting the bottles her apron. Senora Contreras rises, with difficulty, and also goes to door.
32) 18) text: As Senora Contreras leaves the room, Rosita whirls around from the dressing table.
32) 20) text: Rosita hands Consuelo the letter, Consuelo tears it open reads the few lines. From her expression, one sees that e the handwriting of her beloved fills her with happiness.
32) 22) dialog: (eager to help) You must say that you went to take some of the roses to your father's grave...
34) 0) text: TRUCKING SHOT - Consuelo and her maid are walking along t wall, quickly. Rosita is carrying the roses in her arm.
34) 1) dialog: (importantly) Pedro is waiting for me, too.
34) 3) dialog: What, senorita?
34) 5) text: Rosita shrugs. Consuelo lifts one of the roses to her fac
34) 8) dialog: (almost sullenly) Love is different for different people.
35) 0) text: The light is already dimming when Consuelo and Rosita com to the gates. In front of the ponderous wooden gates, fol back like great dark wings, stands the gatekeeper of the cemetery. Fe is a very tall, incredibly thin, old man, dressed in a tight black alpaca suit. He has built a litt fire in the gutter and stands warming himself by it. In h hands is an unfinished wooden necklace which he is carvin
35) 1) dialog: (hurriedly) I will see you back at the house, Senorita...
35) 2) text: Consuelo nods and Rosita hurries away down the street. Th gatekeeper looks up.