6) 0) text: A long conference table. We are looking at an ELDERLY MAN at the head of the table. He's sitting on a rather ornate carving chair - a little like a throne - and he looks ill He is signing documents, his signature a simple "C," scrawled in GREEN INK, aware all eyes are on him. A cigarette burns away in an already loaded ashtray. This is the head of the Circus - known as CONTROL. Around him are four lieutenants - the inner circle of the intelligence service - PERCY ALLELINE, TOBY ESTERHASE, RO BLAND and BILL HAYDON. Beside him, his right-hand man - GEORGE SMILEY. From the thick and embarrassed atmosphere we might guess are at the end of a coup, the final ousting of a King. Al we hear is the ticking of a loud clock and the scratch of the pen. Smiley looks up to find Alleline's gaze fixed on him. Alleline quickly looks down at his hands.
7) 2) dialog: You little prick Esterhase. Control sweeps past them and the lift, determined to walk every step of the way. Smiley follows.
33) 3) dialog: I'm not bloody chaining it outside. Mind you, probably no safer in here, with you bunch of cut-throats. They arrive at a half-paned office cubicle. Inside is a very pretty GIRL, a new DEB, being shown the ropes by an older woman.
55) 2) dialog: Looking for his Majesty.
55) 5) dialog: (in Hungarian, subtitled)
78) 10) text: Jim Prideaux... and Bill Haydon. Together of course. The Inseparables. All my boys. That was a good time, George.
84) 0) text: Control is at the HEAD OF THE TABLE. Ranged against him a PERCY ALLELINE, ROY BLAND and TOBY ESTERHASE- all a littl nervous. BILL HAYDON sits to the side, feet up. Smiley joins them without his spectacles. Control throws him a FILE.
132) 5) text: For God's sake Mary... BILL HAYDON, wearing a crown from the cracker at a rakish angle, appears in the nick of time, leads Alleline's wife for a dance, teasing the sullenness from her. They're goo dancers. Alleline relieved, crisis averted.
137) 10) text: Pen and watch sir. He holds up a box and Guillam hands him his fountain pen and watch. The search over Guillam sets off down the corridor, unnerved by the task ahead - betraying his own kind. BILL HAYDON (O.S.)
137) 11) text: What the hell are you doing up here? Guillam freezes. Then he turns. It's Bill Haydon standing in a doorway, frowning at him over his spectacles. A moment.
137) 14) dialog: Why would I be? You bloody pariah. Then Bill grins, the grin transforming his face. Guillam smiles back, relief mixing with real warmth.
137) 15) dialog: We like the Scalp-hunters to know their place. On the second floor.
137) 17) dialog: Heard it was quiet down there.
137) 19) dialog: Haven't you heard? Technology's the future. No need for you apes anymore. I can get you a posting to Northern Ireland if that helps get the blood racing.
166) 0) text: PUSHING BILL HAYDON as he walks up the corridor towards t duty room, cutting a swathe through the people gathered outside.
166) 1) dialog: Get out. The room clears. Bill sits down. He pulls out all the phone lines, decisiv taking charge. Kicks the door shut.
166) 2) dialog: Tell me.
166) 4) dialog: I just picked up half a story on the ticker-tape at my club... Tell me.
166) 11) dialog: You go and tell your Masters what will happen if one hair on Jim Prideaux's head is damaged... He covers the receiver, turns to Westerby.
166) 12) dialog: Get Esterhase on the phone. Tell him to pull in the Hungarian agents, anyone we're onto. Tell him to get down to the London School of Economics, sandbag some bloody students and put them on ice at Sarratt.
166) 16) dialog: We need to go to his flat. Clear out anything linked.
169) 2) text: Oh hello Jerry. No I'm afraid George isn't back yet. In the bed beside her we see Bill Haydon.
174) 1) dialog: Good flight? Smiley looks up. BILL HAYDON sits in the armchair opposite in shirt and trousers, SOCKS, NO SHOES. He sips a cup of tea. No sense of having been caught in an act of adultery.
175) 5) dialog: I was just passing, thought I'd call in. Ann was in bed but she insisted on getting up. She said she'll be down in a minute.
175) 7) dialog: That's what I'm dropping off.
176) 1) dialog: Awful daub really but Ann expressed a liking... What's keeping her?
236) 0) text: An oddly formal scene. POLYAKOV stands pipe in hand. Smiley sits in a chair, GUN in hand. Absurdly, still in h STOCKING FEET. And opposite him sits BILL HAYDON. They all turn to look at Guillam who stands panting in th doorway.
239) 4) text: It's almost funny George. I know the Inquisitors little bag of tricks. I taught most of them. Don't mind the tears. Just a reaction. An over-reaction, if you like. Craddox says I'll be off in a few days. I keep thinking how I'm going to miss the cricket in Moscow. He weeps again. BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
239) 10) text: I did have one or two questions. About Prideaux. BILL HAYDON
239) 14) text: Did Prideaux come and see you before he left on his Hungarian mission? BILL HAYDON
239) 18) text: (almost to himself) To warn you. Because he knew, deep down, it was you all along. BILL HAYDON
239) 19) text: So did you. Haydon stares out, lost in thought. BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
239) 21) text: Did Karla ever consider having you take over the Circus? For a moment Haydon looks rattled. BILL HAYDON
239) 23) text: What are you then? Haydon turns to Smiley, a flash of hauteur. BILL HAYDON
239) 25) text: (Quietly) Is there anything you want me to pass on to Ann? For a moment Haydon looks genuinely puzzled. BILL HAYDON
239) 28) dialog: He reckoned if I was known to be Ann's lover you wouldn't be able to see me straight. And he was right, up to a point.
243) 0) text: The same lively Christmas PARTY at the Circus we saw earlier. BILL HAYDON, a little drunk and happy, works his way through the packed room, dancing to the Iglesias' track, a drink in each hand, a little tongue-in-cheek, singing along.
244) 1) dialog: (Of the runners) Just like us Jim. (Beat) Best days.