5) 0) text: A woman, CONNIE SACHS, a face that's seen it all, leans against a wall, smoking. A middle-aged woman, one of the secretaries or "MOTHERS" walks past, pushing a trolley of documents. She nods at Connie mournfully. Connie looks stricken. The Mother walks on into...
66) 5) text: Not much, I'm afraid. We were just discussing the departure of Connie Sachs. I wonder how Research manages without her. PETER GUILLAM
74) 3) dialog: (eyeing it hungrily)
74) 6) dialog: Wicked, wicked George. She takes the teacup he pours with crooked arthritic fingers and drinks. They sit, both staring at the student in the garden, caught up in memories of their youth.
74) 7) dialog: I miss it all so much. All my lovely boys. Smiley hesitates.
74) 8) dialog: I don't know about you, George but I feel seriously under- fucked. They look at each other a moment. Connie's smile fades. She looks at him almost sorrowfully.
74) 9) dialog: She doesn't deserve you, George. Not one hair on your head, never did...
75) 2) dialog: I didn't leave. I was dismissed. Chucked out on the rubbish heap. (Beat) Like you.
75) 5) dialog: "Lost my sense of proportion." That's what that personnel cow said. Wouldn't let go of a bone.
75) 7) dialog: Polyakov.
75) 10) dialog: Cultural AttachГ© Polyakov.
75) 12) dialog: Here. London. Turned up in sixty five. And I had a feeling, as soon as I laid eyes on him. But that little swine Toby Esterhase told me I was seeing Spies under the bed.
75) 14) dialog: He had him graded Persil. Whiter than white. And that was that.
75) 16) dialog: Pretty Polly? Very military bearing for someone who's never supposed to have been in the army. But, he was good. Went to Embassy functions, lectures. I love a man who lives his cover. Never put a foot wrong.
75) 19) dialog: (As if summoning him)
76) 2) text: ... the busiest culture vulture that Embassy ever had. On the walls around her are framed STILLS from the footag she is watching: Russian Officials at ceremonies - each picture gridded, each official labelled as Connie manages identify them. CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
76) 3) text: For years we'd been hearing rumours that Karla was building a private army of his own, outside Moscow Centre. We knew he had agents scattered round the globe. I started spending time with the Moscow gazers combing Soviet bulletins and any material I could get. ON SCREEN - Ancient SOVIET VETERANS stand in rows display the medals on their chests. CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
76) 4) text: Late one night in Research, I was trawling through some footage of May Day in Berlin, 1969. I saw something, George. Connie slows the images down, concentrating... OFFICIALS suits are walking into their designated places. We see POLYAKOV amongst them. One of the old SOVIET VETERANS, in dress uniform, a chest full of medals, possibly a touch senile, LOOKS at him. Ju before he is obscured by another official we see what the veteran does. He salutes Polyakov. Connie's smile of triumph is reflected on the screen. She lights a cigarette. CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
76) 5) text: I saw it, George. Connie rewinds the tape and we see the salute - backwards And again - forwards. CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
77) 2) dialog: I went straight to Esterhase and Alleline. I said - "Polyakov is a Karla-trained Hood if ever I saw one. And if he's here it's because he's running a mole."
78) 1) dialog: Hate the real world. (Beat) What does it matter? Old Circus is gone anyway, apart from Bill Haydon. Better off out of it. (Beat)I know you never liked him.
78) 4) dialog: (Surprised)
78) 7) dialog: Here we are. The Nursery in our day. She shows him the photograph - a young Connie in Wren uniform, young men in cricket whites on a mown lawn. More senior figures stand behind.
78) 8) dialog: There's Control himself, you behind him, as usual... A younger bespectacled Smiley, lost amongst his more glamorous colleagues. She traces other faces with a crook finger.
78) 9) dialog: (Fondly)
78) 13) dialog: A real war. Englishmen could be proud then. She stares at the photograph with a sad smile.
78) 14) dialog: I was right, then? About Polyakov. There's a mole? Smiley doesn't answer, stands up to go.
78) 15) dialog: If it's bad, don't come back. I want to remember you all as you were.
133) 3) text: I'll go find her. Smiley threads his way through the party, walking amongst his colleagues, enjoying himself... Jerry Westerby and Connie Sachs are arm in arm, singing along to a song - "T Second Worst Spy in the World." They link Smiley to them for a verse, others joining in around them. The song segu into the Russian National Anthem. The crowd sing lustily, many of them Russian-speaking, enjoying the chance to sin with vigour. Smiley walks on. Behind him the song ends to be replaced the CHARLIE RICH song we heard earlier. His P.O.V. - - One of the larger Mothers doubled up with laughter, pulling a cracker with a flushed TOBY ESTERHASE, hopeless outweighed, but competitive to the finish. - ROY BLAND with his plain wife, eyeing one of the pretty debs as she dances by. A mother takes Smiley by the hand and leads him briefly into the dance. Smiley takes a turn with her, and extricates himself. Still smiling...
243) 2) text: ... other members of the Circus glimpsed as we pass them CONNIE SACHS, WESTERBY, BLAND, drunk, grinning at us. TOB ESTERHASE talking to one of the SECRETARIES... The MUSIC continues as we find... CONTROL and SMILEY ...sitting a little apart, talking. Haydon is still worki his way through the party... We PASS PERCY ALLELINE and his DRUNK WIFE. Alleline looki fretful and hoping no-one is noticing the scene she is making... Haydon grins at all his comrades, feeling fond of everyon but heads on to his destination... PRIDEAUX sits watching him come with a drink towards him, shakes his head, but can't help but smile fondly at the i Haydon is prepared to make of himself...