6) 0) text: A long conference table. We are looking at an ELDERLY MAN at the head of the table. He's sitting on a rather ornate carving chair - a little like a throne - and he looks ill He is signing documents, his signature a simple "C," scrawled in GREEN INK, aware all eyes are on him. A cigarette burns away in an already loaded ashtray. This is the head of the Circus - known as CONTROL. Around him are four lieutenants - the inner circle of the intelligence service - PERCY ALLELINE, TOBY ESTERHASE, RO BLAND and BILL HAYDON. Beside him, his right-hand man - GEORGE SMILEY. From the thick and embarrassed atmosphere we might guess are at the end of a coup, the final ousting of a King. Al we hear is the ticking of a loud clock and the scratch of the pen. Smiley looks up to find Alleline's gaze fixed on him. Alleline quickly looks down at his hands.
6) 3) text: I wish I could have done more, Control.
6) 4) dialog: (Coolly)
6) 5) text: You did all you could, Percy. (Beat) Well, a man should know when to leave the party. Beat. The clock suddenly gives a discordant chime as it sounds the hour. A hint of bitter amusement on Control's face, as though he's been waiting for this wrong little note to make his move. He grinds his cigarette out. Toby can't wait any longer.
6) 7) dialog: Smiley is leaving with me.
7) 0) text: PUSHING Control and Smiley as they walk down the corridor
8) 0) text: Control and Smiley, begin their descent through the rigid hierarchy of the Circus. As we TRACK with them, we see th each floor is its own WORLD. The two men walk past the fourth floor REGISTRY - the vast archive of intelligence, staffed by RESEARCHERS. Smiley and Control pass down another flight and along the third floor - INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS - heads poking out of offices, amongst them JERRY WESTERBY. Down to the second floor - SCALPHUNTERS - the muscle of t Circus. The boredom of an air-port lounge, a sunken sofa and pool-table. The Scalphunters watching them go in respectful silence. On down to the first floor TYPING POOL - staffed by prett young society girls - the DEBS - who watch open-mouthed, their Chief passes them for the last time. And finally down to...
9) 0) text: An ancient doorman - BRYANT - feeling the moment must be marked in some way - leaves his sentry box and opens the main door for Control. Control acknowledges the salute wi a flick of his eyes and we push through the doors...
10) 0) text: Alleline and Bland stand smoking, watching Control and Smiley emerge onto the pavement.
11) 0) text: CONTROL and SMILEY stand on the street. They stare at eac other for a moment. This is goodbye. They shake hands. Perhaps there's a little reserve in Control's manner, a lack of warmth. From the expression on Smiley's face we s that he is pained by this.
14) 0) text: A MOTHER unloads a stack of files from a LIFT shaft and places them into her wheeled safe. A piece of CHRISTMAS TINSEL is wound along the trolley. We track with her through the HIVE-LIKE atmosphere of the fifth floor, behi her the conference room - a glimpse of Alleline in Control's chair, surrounded by his lieutenants - smoke an whiskey - engaged in the business of the world. She pushes on into Alleline's OFFICE - loads the new file into the LARGE SAFE there, locks and spins the combinatio
45) 4) text: But the Minister agreed with Sir Percy. New broom, clean sweep, wheat from the chaff and all that. And to be fair, Percy has had some marvellous results since you and Control left... Realizing how this sounds, he glances at Smiley to see ho much damage he's caused. LACON (CONT'D)
45) 7) text: Thing is, some time back, when Control was still alive, he came to me with a similar suggestion. Smiley looks at him, surprised. LACON (CONT'D)
50) 10) text: Control lived with his sister didn't he? He straightens up from the bed, smooths the pristine shee Mendel flips his notebook back. He's already there. MENDEL
50) 24) text: Howard Staunton. Control used to say he was England's greatest chess master. Died in eighteen seventy- four.
63) 4) text: Something like that. Those old birds, all pining for Control. Percy still can't get a decent cup of tea out of them. Still, I imagine it takes time.
66) 12) text: (Unconvinced) Control lost his position because of that fiasco in Budapest... that poor chap...?
83) 2) dialog: Step into my lair. And in an instant we are in...
84) 0) text: Control is at the HEAD OF THE TABLE. Ranged against him a PERCY ALLELINE, ROY BLAND and TOBY ESTERHASE- all a littl nervous. BILL HAYDON sits to the side, feet up. Smiley joins them without his spectacles. Control throws him a FILE.
84) 1) dialog: (To Smiley)
84) 3) dialog: Report by Soviet High Command on their recent naval exercises in the Black Sea. Just what the Admiralty have been begging us for some information on.
84) 6) dialog: I didn't. Percy and his little cabal walked in with it.
84) 8) text: Control...
84) 9) dialog: Shut up, Esterhase. Control waves him down. Smiley considers the report dispassionately.
84) 13) text: Where does it come from? What's the access? CONTROL
84) 19) text: (Faintly) We? CONTROL
84) 21) text: The Minister agrees with me that too many secrets are blown around here. Too much failure, too many scandals, too little solid intelligence! Control is still smiling but only now do we realise he is almost shaking with fury.
84) 25) text: Percy does have a point, Control. We should be fighting communism, not each other. PERCY ALLELINE
84) 26) text: Meanwhile we're losing our reputation, our partners... CONTROL
84) 29) text: We need to decide if we're part of the past, or part of the future. CONTROL
84) 31) text: Control, if we could all just... CONTROL
84) 33) text: (Cautiously) If Witchcraft is genuine... Now the others have left, Control seems to sag under the weight of some unnamed fear. He turns a haggard face to Smiley. CONTROL
131) 1) dialog: (mock out-rage)
132) 0) text: - And we are back in the Circus. We find Control - arm outstretched, finger pointing.
132) 1) dialog: Percy. Did you do this? A Christmas Party of the past. Control, at the height of his powers, a punch glass in hand. Noise and music: the normally earnest atmosphere of the Circus released in an unexpectedly boisterous gathering.
132) 2) dialog: You penny pinching Scot. Can you not take a bloody order. No one is to tamper with the recipe. It's going to take us five hours to get drunk on this piss water. Alleline tries to smile.
133) 0) text: We find Smiley trapped in a conversation with an earnestl drunk deb. Control raises his arm above the melee. He's still at the punch bowl.
133) 1) dialog: Smiley? Where's Ann? Get me a lady of taste? Ann will sort it out.
152) 0) text: Tarr sits in Control's green velvet armchair watching TV. There's a large tape recorder on the table behind him. We hear the door to the flat opening.
163) 0) text: Control sits surrounded by files. A dim green lamp on his desk the only illumination. He looks ill, tense with waiting. Cigarette stubs piled in the ashtray. He listens to the solitary PHONE below him in the buildin Then it is joined by a SECOND. Then a THIRD... Control listens, nerves stretched to their limit. From ju outside - the sound of someone running up the wooden staircase. A knock.
163) 2) text: Been a bit of a panic, sir. Control raises his head.
178) 0) text: ... to reveal Control peering out at us. He steps aside a allows a PRE-INJURY Prideaux to enter.
179) 0) text: The flat Smiley visited. Control leads Prideaux into the same room - the green armchair, surrounded by mounds of files and papers, over-flowing ashtrays, the detritus of obsession. The FIVE PHOTOGRAPHS of FACES fixed to the CHE PIECES before him. Control, a walking corpse, lowers himself into the armchair, motions Prideaux to take another seat.
179) 2) text: You weren't followed? Prideaux sits, presuming the question is rhetorical. CONTROL (CONT'D)
179) 4) text: Andras Benedek, Hungarian journalist based in Paris. Control nods thoughtfully. Then... CONTROL
179) 5) text: If you're caught, you keep me out of it. You were acting alone, bit of Private Enterprise. Understood? Prideaux watches him, very still. CONTROL (CONT'D)
179) 7) text: What information? CONTROL
179) 10) text: (Beat) Treasure. He has treasure. The name of the Mole Moscow Centre has planted at the top of the Circus. Prideaux's face doesn't change, but he's wondering if the rumours could be true and Control really has gone mad. CONTROL (CONT'D)
179) 13) dialog: I'm   so close I can almost feel his   heart beating. I know it's one   of five men. All I want from you   is one word. He points to the PHOTOGRAPH of PERCY ALLELINE.
179) 14) dialog: Alleline - Tinker. (Points at the next photo) Haydon - Tailor. Bland - Soldier. We drop Sailor, it's too close to Tailor. (Pointing at next photo) Esterhase - Poorman.
186) 7) text: The Mole. Control's crazy theory. I was going to bury that so deep, they'd never get it out of me. Which was a joke.
186) 9) text: Because they already knew. They wanted to know how far Control had got in his investigation.
187) 0) text: A concrete bunker of a room. Prideaux is standing in a sl of watery sunshine that falls from a sky-light above. He' smoking, trying to control the tremble in his hand. PRIDEAUX P.O.V. - The patch of sunshine only extends a fe yards in front of him. The rest of the room is in granite shadow. The sense of other people watching from the shadows. The sound of a door opening and someone being le in. A woman walks across the dark room and into the slab of light, blinking as she does so. It's IRINA. Her hair is loose and dishevelled about her face. A man's voice comes from further back in the darkness...
193) 6) text: It's Lacon's advice I'm following. (To Lacon) You told me to follow in Control's footsteps.
193) 8) text: (Snapping) Well, I wouldn't consider that sound advice, after the bloody mess Control left us with. It's taken Alleline - and, if I may say so, myself - this long to get us back into the race. SMILEY
193) 14) text: Just enough glitter, amongst the chicken-feed. Control didn't believe in miracles and he didn't believe in Witchcraft. But you were lazy and you were greedy and so you hounded him out of the Circus and you let Karla in. His voice is still calm, but it's clear what's different now. There's a quiet fury in him. The Minister is ashen.
240) 0) text: The flat is now empty, cleared of Control's possessions. Smiley looks around, places a CHESS PIECE on the piano. W see the piece bears the name HAYDON.
243) 2) text: ... other members of the Circus glimpsed as we pass them CONNIE SACHS, WESTERBY, BLAND, drunk, grinning at us. TOB ESTERHASE talking to one of the SECRETARIES... The MUSIC continues as we find... CONTROL and SMILEY ...sitting a little apart, talking. Haydon is still worki his way through the party... We PASS PERCY ALLELINE and his DRUNK WIFE. Alleline looki fretful and hoping no-one is noticing the scene she is making... Haydon grins at all his comrades, feeling fond of everyon but heads on to his destination... PRIDEAUX sits watching him come with a drink towards him, shakes his head, but can't help but smile fondly at the i Haydon is prepared to make of himself...