97) 1) text: RICKI TARR standing at the window opposite, knowing he should turn away, but somehow snagged by that look. A moment between the two. Then a car sweeps past on the road below and there's a flash of light behind Ricki's he - the headlights reflected in the lenses of the now visib BINOCULARS. Irina absorbs this. Above everything else, anger at her humiliation being observed.
98) 1) text: As Irina walks back out of the bathroom, picks up a vase and hurls it at Boris, just missing him. He stubs out his cigarette and calmly climbs out of the bed. As we watch h draws the curtains along the length of the room, obscurin our view. Seconds later the curtains billow as Irina is thrown against them. We watch as her shape is rolled alon the window by the force of Boris' blows. Finally the billowing fabric settles. Moments later Boris opens the curtains again and starts to dress. Irina lies on the bed
100) 0) text: IRINA'S P.O.V. - Her husband and the Minders are heading for a row of gaudy nightclubs. And someway behind him, Ricki Tarr, trailing. She exhales a breath on the glass.
103) 0) text: Irina answers the door and finds Ricki Tarr outside.
106) 0) text: Irina is driving, exhilarated, free. Ricki Tarr is on the back seat, sleeping.
107) 0) text: A workers canteen on the Bosphorus. Tarr and Irina sit drinking wine, talking.
107) 3) dialog: I know what you are. A long beat. Tarr waits her out.
107) 4) dialog: I would like to talk to your boss Control. I have something to trade. Something big. I want a new life in the West. Tarr desperately tries to stay looking calm.
107) 5) dialog: That is the deal. You tell them.
109) 0) text: Irina prowls the room.
109) 3) text: You can't expect them to jump at every offer of service.(Beat. Carefully) If they had more information... Irina doesn't answer, paces. Tarr lets his face harden.
109) 5) dialog: If I tell you, I'm putting my life in your hands. The lives of my children? Do you understand? She walks slowly towards him, bends over, begins to whisp in his ear.
110) 0) text: The two make love, passionate, Irina trying to bind him t her. Tarr responds, excited by her, now that she needs hi We intercut their intense love-making with...
112) 0) text: Silence. Tarr and Irina stare at each other. A long beat.
112) 1) dialog: (tenderly)
117) 0) text: Tarr stands staring across at Irina's hotel balcony with binoculars.
125) 0) text: P.O.V. - Crowds of people throng the busy port. A paranoid Ricki watches from the back of the hall. He notices a child react to something - follows his gaze... TARR'S P.O.V. - behind glass panels - a glimpse of three wheeling a gurney - a bandaged figure upon it. Just befor the figure disappears, a hand moves a little... Tarr watches Irina's departure, sick with guilt.
152) 9) text: Ricki, you said you sent the Circus a telegram concerning Irina's information? Tarr sits up, wiping blood from his mouth.
187) 0) text: A concrete bunker of a room. Prideaux is standing in a sl of watery sunshine that falls from a sky-light above. He' smoking, trying to control the tremble in his hand. PRIDEAUX P.O.V. - The patch of sunshine only extends a fe yards in front of him. The rest of the room is in granite shadow. The sense of other people watching from the shadows. The sound of a door opening and someone being le in. A woman walks across the dark room and into the slab of light, blinking as she does so. It's IRINA. Her hair is loose and dishevelled about her face. A man's voice comes from further back in the darkness...
187) 3) text: Do you know this woman? Prideaux looks at her. Frowns. Another voice murmurs in Russian. Irina pins her hair up in the way we saw before.
187) 5) dialog: 
192) 2) text: What exactly did Irina say?
247) 6) text: He watches Roach walk to the edge of the field and stand mutely at the side. A ball rolls towards him. Roach goes kick it. Misses. He tries again, RUNNING OUT OF SHOT. 257aA   EXT. PARIS DEPARTMENT STORE - EVENING Tarr is walking through a busy street. He stops to light cigarette. A woman in a YELLOW dress appears, reflected i the glass. She's holding the hands of two children. For a moment it looks like Irina.