8) 0) text: Control and Smiley, begin their descent through the rigid hierarchy of the Circus. As we TRACK with them, we see th each floor is its own WORLD. The two men walk past the fourth floor REGISTRY - the vast archive of intelligence, staffed by RESEARCHERS. Smiley and Control pass down another flight and along the third floor - INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS - heads poking out of offices, amongst them JERRY WESTERBY. Down to the second floor - SCALPHUNTERS - the muscle of t Circus. The boredom of an air-port lounge, a sunken sofa and pool-table. The Scalphunters watching them go in respectful silence. On down to the first floor TYPING POOL - staffed by prett young society girls - the DEBS - who watch open-mouthed, their Chief passes them for the last time. And finally down to...
133) 3) text: I'll go find her. Smiley threads his way through the party, walking amongst his colleagues, enjoying himself... Jerry Westerby and Connie Sachs are arm in arm, singing along to a song - "T Second Worst Spy in the World." They link Smiley to them for a verse, others joining in around them. The song segu into the Russian National Anthem. The crowd sing lustily, many of them Russian-speaking, enjoying the chance to sin with vigour. Smiley walks on. Behind him the song ends to be replaced the CHARLIE RICH song we heard earlier. His P.O.V. - - One of the larger Mothers doubled up with laughter, pulling a cracker with a flushed TOBY ESTERHASE, hopeless outweighed, but competitive to the finish. - ROY BLAND with his plain wife, eyeing one of the pretty debs as she dances by. A mother takes Smiley by the hand and leads him briefly into the dance. Smiley takes a turn with her, and extricates himself. Still smiling...
159) 0) text: Smiley, Guillam and the genial JERRY WESTERBY are sat at blackjack table. The casino is empty, a cleaner vacuums i the background.
159) 1) dialog: But that's the way it is, George, isn't it? When you're out, you're out. Too much of this stuff. He points to a drink on the table before him.
159) 2) dialog: (An old joke between them)
159) 6) dialog: Yes. Control asked me to man the phones that night. Said someone was doing a special job for the service. He wanted someone from outside he could trust. If anything came in, I was to tell him and only him.
163) 1) dialog: (Entering)
163) 3) dialog: From the FO resident clerk... A Hungarian news bulletin, sir. (Reading) British spy, work-name Ellis, travelling with false Hungarian papers, has attempted to kidnap an unnamed Hungarian general in Budapest. He's been shot, other arrests imminent... Control stares at him, stands unsteadily, begins to put o his coat.
163) 4) dialog: Can I have a brief, please? Sir? Do you want me to deny it? Controls stares at him, lost.
163) 5) dialog: I have to have a brief sir?
164) 1) dialog: Ann? I'm sorry to bother you. Is George back yet?
165) 2) dialog: Just on the off chance you were back from Berlin.
165) 4) dialog: Just that there'd been a bit of a crisis. She said you weren't back yet. That was it.
165) 6) dialog: All hell broke loose - military yelling about Hungarian tank movements on the border, Lacon and the Minister baying at the door. Thank Christ Bill Haydon turned up when he did.
166) 3) dialog: I tried to get hold of you...
166) 5) dialog: Jim Prideaux's been shot.
166) 8) dialog: (With relief)
166) 14) dialog: Any more news on him? Haydon doesn't turn around, head bowed.
166) 15) dialog: Bill? (Beat) Oh God, is he...? For a moment it looks like Haydon won't answer but then h seems to master his emotions.