1) 0) text: LATERALLY TRACKING down a bustling street, as the jets scream by overhead. Pedestrians look up. All except one m who continues walking. This is JIM PRIDEAUX. ACROSS THE STREET: More pedestrians. We're not sure who we're supposed to be looking at - the short stocky man? T girl in the mini skirt? The man in the checked jacket? A car driving beside Prideaux accelerates out of the fram Across the street the girl in the mini-skirt peels off in a shop. The stocky man turns and waves to us. But it isn' Prideaux he's greeting but another passerby, who walks over, shakes hands. Now we're left with Prideaux and the Magyar in the checke shirt, neither paying any attention to each other. Just as we are wondering if there is any connection, the two reach a corner and the Magyar, pausing to cross the road, collides with another passerby. He looks over and sees Prideaux has caught the moment of slight clumsiness and gives the smallest of rueful smiles. A tiny moment of contact between the two. Then both men walk on around the corner, just two strangers headed in the same direction..
3) 3) dialog: (Hungarian, subtitled) Yes, I've had it.
3) 5) dialog: Why's that?
3) 7) dialog: When do I get to meet your friend? The Magyar chews on his sandwich, notices Prideaux is ignoring his.
3) 10) dialog: Would you excuse me a moment? He starts to walk towards the exit of the Galeria. Behind him his chair teeters for a moment, then slowly falls bac and lands with a CRASH, sending pigeons fluttering up to the domed ceiling. The WAITER starts, turns, sees Prideaux leaving. Panic flashes across his face, he draws a GUN from the back of his belt, aims after Prideaux and FIRES - the shot echoin in the cavernous space. The shot misses, RICOCHETING off the tiled wall and Prideaux keeps walking, fighting down the impulse to run, as behind him, out of focus - an image from a surreal NIGHTMARE: the other CUSTOMERS stop what they are doing, like actors at the end of a scene, and begin to rise, som drawing guns. We hear a muffled voice shouting distantly Russian.
78) 10) text: Jim Prideaux... and Bill Haydon. Together of course. The Inseparables. All my boys. That was a good time, George.
159) 5) text: How. (Beat) I need to talk to you about the night Jim Prideaux was killed, Jerry. You were duty officer, weren't you? Westerby looks at them both.
177) 2) dialog: Come in, Roach.
177) 4) dialog: Thought you were in sick bay? What are you...
177) 7) dialog: What is it, Jumbo?
177) 12) dialog: I'll be fine. You get back to bed. Roach wipes his eyes and leaves. As soon as the door is closed Prideaux crawls under the little chest of drawers, grimacing with pain, working an arm further in... There is a FAINT SOUND - SOMEONE ON THE STEPS OUTSIDE. With a final effort Prideaux rips his RIFLE free from its hiding place, still trailing tape, and rolls to face the door, gun in hand. Silence. Then... A KNOCK AT THE DOOR. Prideaux aims the gun... The door opens...