1) 0) text: LATERALLY TRACKING down a bustling street, as the jets scream by overhead. Pedestrians look up. All except one m who continues walking. This is JIM PRIDEAUX. ACROSS THE STREET: More pedestrians. We're not sure who we're supposed to be looking at - the short stocky man? T girl in the mini skirt? The man in the checked jacket? A car driving beside Prideaux accelerates out of the fram Across the street the girl in the mini-skirt peels off in a shop. The stocky man turns and waves to us. But it isn' Prideaux he's greeting but another passerby, who walks over, shakes hands. Now we're left with Prideaux and the Magyar in the checke shirt, neither paying any attention to each other. Just as we are wondering if there is any connection, the two reach a corner and the Magyar, pausing to cross the road, collides with another passerby. He looks over and sees Prideaux has caught the moment of slight clumsiness and gives the smallest of rueful smiles. A tiny moment of contact between the two. Then both men walk on around the corner, just two strangers headed in the same direction..
2) 0) text: Shooting up the steps of the exit to the imposing GALERIA building on the corner ahead. Prideaux and the Magyar wal up the steps, still paying no attention to each other, an head towards...
3) 2) dialog: (Hungarian, subtitled) And porkolts. You know porkolts?
3) 4) dialog: It's very good. Better than goulash. But you won't get it in Budapest now.
3) 6) dialog: All the pigs have gone to Moscow. He gives a sly laugh. Prideaux smiles, draws   on his cigarette, nonchalantly examining the people   at the tab around them. A WAITER arrives, belly bulging   out of his grubby shirt, hair plastered to his head. He   puts two wizened-looking sandwiches in front of them. PRIDEAUX'S P.O.V. - A DROP OF SWEAT trickles from the Waiter's face, drips onto the table top. The Magyar catches Jim looking at the droplet and gives a wry smile - "nice service." Jim smiles back but a bell ha begun to ring inside him.
3) 8) dialog: I'll take you to him. Not eating? Prideaux pushes his sandwich across the table, his manner still easy, but his eyes flick after the Waiter, who stan at the entrance to the coffee shop, arguing with another man. He looks around the Galeria again, looking low - checking the feet of the other customers? Then raising hi gaze, he checks the windows of the apartments above which look down into the arcade. PRIDEAUX'S P.O.V. - An OLD WOMAN stands in the shadows by window above. She is watching him. Catching his gaze she shrinks back into the darkness and disappears.
182) 0) text: The scene from the opening of the film. The Waiter puts down Prideaux's plate, a drop of sweat from his forehead hitting the table. He looks at the droplet, fakes a smile for the Magyar, looks after the Waiter, scans the floor around him... HIS P.O.V. - There it is - one of the women is wearing th BLACK PLASTIC BOOTS. Her coat is different and she's wearing a fur hat now - but the shoes are the one thing t surveillance agents don't have time to change. Prideaux glances up at the apartment windows above, sees the old woman, starts to rise... as we CUT TO: The SHOT - ... punching into his back, Prideaux falling forward... a we CUT TO: PRIDEAUX'S P.O.V. Those shoes again, stepping in the water and blood on the floor, passing us at eye-level. Grouping and regrouping a the operation comes to an end. The noise in the backgroun comes to us muted and very faint. Faintly, a baby is crying, an ambulance siren is wailing. Hands appear and we are rolled onto a stretcher and lifte up to chest level where we seem to FLOAT past the faces o the MAGYAR and the other Officers, smoking cigarettes by the doors, and out towards the open doors of a waiting ambulance.