45) 4) text: But the Minister agreed with Sir Percy. New broom, clean sweep, wheat from the chaff and all that. And to be fair, Percy has had some marvellous results since you and Control left... Realizing how this sounds, he glances at Smiley to see ho much damage he's caused. LACON (CONT'D)
66) 4) text: On our way to La BohГЁme. The Minister wondered if there was anything to report? SMILEY
84) 20) text: Percy and his pals have bypassed us, Smiley. Gone straight to the Minister. Everyone's very excited. Percy's to be allowed to keep the identity of his new friend top secret. PERCY ALLELINE
84) 21) text: The Minister agrees with me that too many secrets are blown around here. Too much failure, too many scandals, too little solid intelligence! Control is still smiling but only now do we realise he is almost shaking with fury.
130) 0) text: The three men stand talking within the transparent cube o the court. Lacon and the Minister are still sweating from their game. The Minister is smoking.
130) 2) dialog: Drop the bloody jargon, Lacon.
130) 4) dialog: Greedy boy.
130) 6) dialog: You think they'll take us back into bed?
130) 8) dialog: Do you think we can get it? Alleline senses he has just risen several rungs. He slash inexpertly with his racquet.
193) 0) text: Lacon and Smiley are meeting with the MINISTER.
193) 1) dialog: This meeting is not taking place. Is that clear?
193) 3) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. Smiley stares at him.
193) 4) dialog: I don't know the address. And I fail to see the... I thought Lacon had made it clear to you, keep your nose bloody-well out of Witchcraft's business!
193) 10) text: The man Alleline and the others meet is called Polyakov. You believe his role is to bring information from Witchcraft to you. His real role is to receive information from the Mole to take back to Karla. He has the Minister's full attention now. A long silence. MINISTER
193) 12) text: Made possible. By you. When he steals our secrets he does it under the very nose of the Circus, in the house which you persuaded the treasury to pay for. I'm sure you'll be able to take full credit for that. MINISTER
193) 14) text: Just enough glitter, amongst the chicken-feed. Control didn't believe in miracles and he didn't believe in Witchcraft. But you were lazy and you were greedy and so you hounded him out of the Circus and you let Karla in. His voice is still calm, but it's clear what's different now. There's a quiet fury in him. The Minister is ashen.
193) 16) dialog: Oh God... We can't be made to look like fucking fools again! Forget Europe, if we have the black men getting to hear about this on Walla-Wallah News! What if we find the Mole and we move him sideways, some department where he can't do any harm? Is the Kremlin likely to boast about this?
193) 18) dialog: Well, tell them to play the game. We don't go crowing about their fuck-ups! In their panic, both men are addressing each other, momentarily forgetting Smiley.
193) 22) dialog: What can we do?