6) 0) text: A long conference table. We are looking at an ELDERLY MAN at the head of the table. He's sitting on a rather ornate carving chair - a little like a throne - and he looks ill He is signing documents, his signature a simple "C," scrawled in GREEN INK, aware all eyes are on him. A cigarette burns away in an already loaded ashtray. This is the head of the Circus - known as CONTROL. Around him are four lieutenants - the inner circle of the intelligence service - PERCY ALLELINE, TOBY ESTERHASE, RO BLAND and BILL HAYDON. Beside him, his right-hand man - GEORGE SMILEY. From the thick and embarrassed atmosphere we might guess are at the end of a coup, the final ousting of a King. Al we hear is the ticking of a loud clock and the scratch of the pen. Smiley looks up to find Alleline's gaze fixed on him. Alleline quickly looks down at his hands.
6) 2) dialog: (Scottish accent)
77) 4) dialog: (Hard)
77) 6) dialog: You're losing your sense of proportion, Connie. Perhaps it's time you went out into the real world.
84) 0) text: Control is at the HEAD OF THE TABLE. Ranged against him a PERCY ALLELINE, ROY BLAND and TOBY ESTERHASE- all a littl nervous. BILL HAYDON sits to the side, feet up. Smiley joins them without his spectacles. Control throws him a FILE.
84) 14) text: Percy doesn't feel like telling. Percy packs his pipe, enjoys the moment - the young lion challenging the old. PERCY ALLELINE
84) 16) text: But how could he possibly have access to...? PERCY ALLELINE
84) 17) text: He has access to the most sensitive levels of policy making. Smiley stares at him, staggered. If it's true, this is th jackpot. Alleline enjoys his amazement, he leans over - points with bureaucratic pride to the FLAMES on the LETTE HEAD. PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
84) 20) text: Percy and his pals have bypassed us, Smiley. Gone straight to the Minister. Everyone's very excited. Percy's to be allowed to keep the identity of his new friend top secret. PERCY ALLELINE
84) 23) text: Luckily Percy's cabal has come to save us. PERCY ALLELINE
84) 25) text: Percy does have a point, Control. We should be fighting communism, not each other. PERCY ALLELINE
84) 27) text: Your bloody Yanks! PERCY ALLELINE
130) 3) dialog: I've refused to share Witchcraft with our allies, so far, Minister.
130) 5) dialog: My goal has been to establish his track record beyond all doubt. I think the time has come to approach our American brothers-in- arms. The Minister considers this with some excitement, takes a drag on his cigarette.
130) 7) dialog: I'm not interested in a one-off trade. I want on-going access to American intelligence. This stops the Minister. He turns to face Alleline.
130) 10) dialog: With Witchcraft on our side, I think we can get anything we bloody-well want.
132) 3) dialog: I followed the recipe. He glances nervously at his wife, a vivacious alcoholic, just beginning to make a show of herself. She puts a CROW SHAPED party hat from the cracker onto Alleline's head. H brushes it off, anxious not to appear the fool.
132) 4) dialog: (Muttering)
147) 1) dialog: (shouting from the other room)
148) 1) dialog: (Reading)
148) 3) dialog: What are you getting up to down there these days, apart from chasing our virgins... Guillam catches a smirk from Esterhase - mocking him?
148) 5) dialog: Arabs... You can rent one but you can't buy one. Right Bill? He looks up from the report. Here it comes...
148) 6) dialog: How's Ricki Tarr these days?
148) 9) dialog: I require the matter of your discussion with Tarr. Guillam shrugs.
148) 11) dialog: (Quietly)
148) 18) text: Nothing would surprise me about Tarr. PERCY ALLELINE
148) 19) text: And if I told you we happen to know that thirty thousand pounds mysteriously appeared in his bank account last month, would that surprise you? This DOES shock Guillam, but he manages to hold on to his sullen expression. PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
148) 21) text: What for? PERCY ALLELINE
243) 2) text: ... other members of the Circus glimpsed as we pass them CONNIE SACHS, WESTERBY, BLAND, drunk, grinning at us. TOB ESTERHASE talking to one of the SECRETARIES... The MUSIC continues as we find... CONTROL and SMILEY ...sitting a little apart, talking. Haydon is still worki his way through the party... We PASS PERCY ALLELINE and his DRUNK WIFE. Alleline looki fretful and hoping no-one is noticing the scene she is making... Haydon grins at all his comrades, feeling fond of everyon but heads on to his destination... PRIDEAUX sits watching him come with a drink towards him, shakes his head, but can't help but smile fondly at the i Haydon is prepared to make of himself...