29) 0) text: From across the street a tall good-looking man - POLYAKOV watches as the opened duct spills a star pattern of light out into the night air. He walks towards the house...
30) 0) text: The Mystery man settles at the table, sorting through the contents of the briefcase as, from down below, we hear th sound of the door bell, the dog barking and footsteps on the stairs. Polyakov walks into the room and joins the Mystery Man at the small table. He picks up the camera wi a smile.
30) 1) dialog: (In Russian)
76) 4) text: Late one night in Research, I was trawling through some footage of May Day in Berlin, 1969. I saw something, George. Connie slows the images down, concentrating... OFFICIALS suits are walking into their designated places. We see POLYAKOV amongst them. One of the old SOVIET VETERANS, in dress uniform, a chest full of medals, possibly a touch senile, LOOKS at him. Ju before he is obscured by another official we see what the veteran does. He salutes Polyakov. Connie's smile of triumph is reflected on the screen. She lights a cigarette. CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
77) 5) text: You're to leave Polyakov alone. You're becoming obsessed with him. He glances at Esterhase and then back to Connie, eyes col
79) 0) text: The house we saw in the title sequence. The air duct open on the front of the house, spilling out its star-shape of light. After a moment Polyakov walks up to the door and knocks. hear the dog barking...
80) 1) dialog: (In Russian)
81) 0) text: As we saw it in the titles. The Mystery Man sits at the table holding up pages of a document for Polyakov who is photographing them as he talks, the camera giving a satisfying CLICK and WHIR with each shot.
81) 1) dialog: ... He says "Father, father, I've just had sex with two 17 year old girls." The Priest says "That's quite a sin, but you're an Atheist, General Secretary..." HIGH ANGLE - the dusty candelabra above their heads, and the tint MICROPHONE, nestled beside one of the bulbs.
81) 2) dialog: "... why are you telling me?"
82) 1) dialog: ... Krushchev says "I'm seventy- seven, I'm telling everyone." We hear his chuckle and the continued CLICK WHIR of the camera.
83) 0) text: Smiley sits at his desk staring at the CHESS SET laid out before him. One of the pieces has had the photograph of POLYAKOV added to it.
170) 0) text: A black Cab pulls up at the lights. Another black cab pul alongside it. The two drivers acknowledge each other, chatting as the lights change to RED, but in no hurry to move. An impatient woman passenger flicks a look at the passeng in the opposite cab, wanting to share this moment of passenger outrage. We see ALLELINE'S profile staring stonily ahead. We follow his cab as it peels off into a FAMILIAR street, driving towards the house where we met Polyakov.
192) 5) text: She said there was a General, work-name Polyakov who was stationed in London. And that Polyakov's real job was to service the mole. He meets him regularly and takes back information the Mole gives him for Karla. Smiley presses STOP. He presses RE-WIND, watches the tape spool BACKWARDS. He goes too far, presses FAST-FORWARD, watches the tape REVERSE DIRECTION. And, at this moment, can tell from his expression, a piece of the jig-saw fall into place.
193) 10) text: The man Alleline and the others meet is called Polyakov. You believe his role is to bring information from Witchcraft to you. His real role is to receive information from the Mole to take back to Karla. He has the Minister's full attention now. A long silence. MINISTER
202) 0) text: ... Esterhase holding up the documents for Polyakov to photograph. Whir... Click....
206) 0) text: Roy Bland sits in front of Polyakov, holding up the documents for Polyakov to photograph - Whir... Click....
208) 0) text: ... in the London House, spools turning. We hear the familiar Click... Whir of Polyakov's camera...
209) 0) text: Polyakov is photographing... nothing. The table in front him is empty, the shooting just a pantomime for the microphone above. As he continues to shoot we see the Mystery man sitting across the table from him. He takes o a canister of developed film and passes it to Polyakov.
230) 2) dialog: (In Russian)
231) 1) dialog: (on tape, in Russian)
236) 0) text: An oddly formal scene. POLYAKOV stands pipe in hand. Smiley sits in a chair, GUN in hand. Absurdly, still in h STOCKING FEET. And opposite him sits BILL HAYDON. They all turn to look at Guillam who stands panting in th doorway.