32) 2) text: He takes in the man before him - filthy and bearded, you could mistake him for a tramp. But beneath the grime he's tanned and his eyes have a dangerous, feral edge. This is RICKI TARR.
32) 3) dialog: Minister Lacon.
32) 6) dialog: I want to talk to Control. And I want breakfast.
92) 0) text: RICKI TARR sits smoking in the darkness, the knife on his lap.
92) 1) dialog: Hello Mister Smiley. You remember me.
92) 4) text: You missed a wedge. RICKI TARR
92) 5) text: Losing my touch. Smiley watches him closely, very aware of the knife. Tarr rubs his beard. RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
92) 7) text: Where've you been, Ricki? RICKI TARR
92) 9) text: Who is? RICKI TARR
92) 11) text: I'm going to try. How long have you been here? RICKI TARR
92) 12) text: Few days. Needed somewhere to hide. Smiley notices the pile of letters for his wife Ann - they've been disturbed. RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
92) 16) dialog: Calculated risk Mister Smiley. I wanted to see you, figured you'd turn up here sooner or later.
92) 18) dialog: There's a woman. I want you to trade for her. Get her back from Karla.
92) 20) dialog: Her name's Irina.
93) 0) text: Ricki Tarr emerges blinking into the white sunshine. Groomed, smart, that same restless energy. A car pulls up across the road TUFTY THESINGER - a boiled-looking Britis spy, not over-bright, signals to him. Tarr pulls his shad down and saunters over to his ride.
93) 1) dialog: I met her in Istanbul. They'd found some Russian trade delegate, name of Boris. He was spending high and wide in the nightclubs and some idiot thought we could turn him. Tarr opens the back seat and gets in. Tufty's slightly foolish smile slips a little.
96) 1) dialog: I took one look and saw that he was a hood, Moscow trained. We TRACK to one side, and see the "drawing room" of the hotel suite, where Boris' two MINDERS, SERGEI and IVAN, wait, smirking at the sounds coming from the bedroom.
96) 2) dialog: Probably coat trailing, trying to draw one of our men out into the open. We TRACK further along again and see the CORRIDOR outside the hotel room, where a YOUNG WOMAN has just arrived. Thi is IRINA.
96) 3) dialog: He had a wife with him. Common- law. Irina opens the door and walks into the drawing room, whe the Minders stare fixedly at the floor, trying not to laugh. She walks on past and into the bedroom. The Maid jumps out of the bed, grabs her clothes and flees. Boris lies, unconcerned, reaches for his cigarettes. Irina walks past him and we track with her as she enters BATHROOM. The glass window here is two-thirds frosted and we lose her as she bends over a basin. Something about her has caught Tarr's attention and he leaves the binoculars, walking closer to the window. Suddenly IRINA straightens up, her head above the frosted glass and stares straight at us...
97) 1) text: RICKI TARR standing at the window opposite, knowing he should turn away, but somehow snagged by that look. A moment between the two. Then a car sweeps past on the road below and there's a flash of light behind Ricki's he - the headlights reflected in the lenses of the now visib BINOCULARS. Irina absorbs this. Above everything else, anger at her humiliation being observed.
100) 0) text: IRINA'S P.O.V. - Her husband and the Minders are heading for a row of gaudy nightclubs. And someway behind him, Ricki Tarr, trailing. She exhales a breath on the glass.
102) 0) text: Ricki Tarr enters. He scans the room for Boris, spotting Tufty Thesinger at a table. He crosses towards him, watching as Boris and the two minders are entertained by the clubs hostesses. Boris calls for more drinks, clutching a bundle of currency.
102) 4) dialog: You baby-sit this one. Ricki walks towards us.
103) 0) text: Irina answers the door and finds Ricki Tarr outside.
103) 1) dialog: Your bloke's a bit of a bastard. (Beat) Just wanted to check you were alright. She stares at him.
103) 2) dialog: There was something about her.
104) 2) dialog: Nothing. Didn't have anything to tell yet. But... I could sense it in her.
104) 4) dialog: A secret.
105) 0) text: Ricki Tarr is talking to a man. A sports car lies under a sheet. The deal concluded, the man pulls back the sheet t reveal the car.
106) 0) text: Irina is driving, exhilarated, free. Ricki Tarr is on the back seat, sleeping.
107) 1) dialog: I played the businessman, Michael Trench. A Holiday Romance. Thought I'd take my time with it... Tarr gently traces a bruise on Irina's arm.
107) 2) dialog: But second date she made this open play... We see a growing attraction between them. Irina and Tarr laughing, flirting. They move closer to on another. Tarr feels he is the master of this situation. Suddenly Irina withdraws. She stares at him.
108) 2) dialog: We've all got our strengths. And weaknesses. He flicks a look at the pile of Ann's letter, an insolent smile.
108) 4) dialog: Me, I know women. She said she had a secret. The mother of all secrets. Said she'd only tell Control. She wanted to trade. New life for her and her kids.
108) 6) dialog: That's why they let her and Boris out. So, I said I'd tell the Circus.
109) 1) dialog: Wanted to find out more first. So, I waited her out. Tarr lounges by a window, smoking.
109) 2) dialog: (Shrugging)
109) 4) dialog: Well, if you won't tell me more, there's nothing I can do. She stares at him.
112) 3) dialog: (genuine)
114) 3) dialog: (without turning)
115) 2) dialog: Just that I had a Moscow Centre trained hood wanting to defect.
115) 5) dialog: I know what I am to the Circus. One of the scalp-hunters. Someone to give the dirty jobs to. I wanted to bring this one in myself.
115) 7) dialog: I said that she claimed to have information crucial to the well- being of the Circus.
115) 9) dialog: That she had information concerning a Double Agent. He colours.
115) 10) dialog: I was just trying to... to get the proper attention. (Beat) And I told them to tell Mister Guillam that this was the reason I hadn't come home, not because I'd defected or anything.
115) 13) dialog: I waited for a reply.
116) 1) dialog: I waited hours but that was all they sent. It didn't make sense. Like they were stalling.
126) 1) dialog: They put her on a ship. That's all I know. I've done a lot of things Mister Smiley, but... I don't know why... I keep thinking about her. (Beat) He smiles, almost bewildered by his own feelings.
126) 2) dialog: She wasn't even my type. (Beat) I want to get her out. I owe her that. He stands up abruptly, heading for the door.
126) 4) dialog: Who's going to keep you safe?
152) 13) text: He doesn't know because there was no telegram! The whole thing... RICKI TARR
192) 4) dialog: (Over headphones)
194) 1) dialog: If I go...
194) 3) dialog: ... I want your word you'll get Irina back. Don't care who you have to trade. I want a family. Don't wanna end up like you lot... He looks at Smiley, then he gives Guillam a knowing look, as though deliberately provoking him. Guillam absorbs the slur but his eyes are hard.
194) 4) dialog: We're gonna live in Paris out of your hair. You'll get her back? Again a flash of the coldness in Smiley.
216) 6) dialog: (mildly)
217) 3) dialog: (Flat)
218) 1) dialog: (dictating)
218) 2) text: Ricki Tarr claims to have further information vital to the safeguarding of the Circus.
223) 2) dialog: Read it aloud. Ben starts to read, his high, rather imperious schoolboy voice carries over the next few shots...
226) 2) dialog: That's the way Percy boy! You keep stalling. I better warn you Ben, there's some lousy people in this outfit. Don't trust a fucking one of them.