56) 0) text: Alleline stands on the rooftop, staring out over the Lond skyline, his expression ambiguous - perhaps obscurely troubled to have found himself at the top. He becomes awa of Roy Bland standing behind him.
62) 0) text: Guillam has just stepped into the lift. Roy Bland appears suddenly and steps in beside him. Silence for a moment as they descend...
62) 1) dialog: (without looking at him)
62) 4) dialog: I'll have a word with Esterhase, Peter. We'll make it a priority on the top floor. They arrive on the ground floor. Bland walks out ahead. Guillam exhales with relief. Then...
62) 5) dialog: (as he walks away)
62) 8) dialog: Want some company?
63) 1) dialog: Tell you the truth, I'm in no hurry to get back up there...
63) 6) dialog: Loyalty. He takes a pull of his pint. ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
63) 7) text: If it was up to me, I'd replace them all with those `naice' girls from registry. Like to hear a few high heels about the place. He reaches suddenly for Guillam's coat, lying on the seat his hand heading for the pocket that holds the SUBMINIATU CAMERA. ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
63) 9) text: (Quickly) Here. He pushes his cigarettes into Bland's hand before he can fish in the coat. Bland smokes for a moment. ROY BLAND
63) 12) text: Datsuns. Just got one. Wife made me. Hatchback. Caught sight of myself in it, driving past a shop window and I thought to myself "Who's that old fucker?" He stares at Guillam with faint smile, but his eyes are cold and watchful. ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
63) 16) dialog: French? Ooh la la... He continues to stare at Guillam with the faint smile, an Guillam feels a sickening wave of paranoia.
63) 17) dialog: Drink up and I'll drop you back. You've probably got some girl waiting...
84) 0) text: Control is at the HEAD OF THE TABLE. Ranged against him a PERCY ALLELINE, ROY BLAND and TOBY ESTERHASE- all a littl nervous. BILL HAYDON sits to the side, feet up. Smiley joins them without his spectacles. Control throws him a FILE.
84) 24) text: (Bulldozing on) It's all office politics here. ROY BLAND
84) 30) text: (Contemptuous) I should have left you where I found you. ROY BLAND
133) 3) text: I'll go find her. Smiley threads his way through the party, walking amongst his colleagues, enjoying himself... Jerry Westerby and Connie Sachs are arm in arm, singing along to a song - "T Second Worst Spy in the World." They link Smiley to them for a verse, others joining in around them. The song segu into the Russian National Anthem. The crowd sing lustily, many of them Russian-speaking, enjoying the chance to sin with vigour. Smiley walks on. Behind him the song ends to be replaced the CHARLIE RICH song we heard earlier. His P.O.V. - - One of the larger Mothers doubled up with laughter, pulling a cracker with a flushed TOBY ESTERHASE, hopeless outweighed, but competitive to the finish. - ROY BLAND with his plain wife, eyeing one of the pretty debs as she dances by. A mother takes Smiley by the hand and leads him briefly into the dance. Smiley takes a turn with her, and extricates himself. Still smiling...
149) 0) text: Guillam is walking to the lifts, we note he is now carryi his BAG. Behind him ROY BLAND is walking down the corrido He peels off, turning left, humming a tune to himself - t same POP SONG that was playing at the garage in the background of Guillam's call. Guillam reacts as he keeps walking, trying to work out if this MEANS SOMETHING. We track with him as his anger and PARANOIA grow.
206) 0) text: Roy Bland sits in front of Polyakov, holding up the documents for Polyakov to photograph - Whir... Click....