9) 0) text: An ancient doorman - BRYANT - feeling the moment must be marked in some way - leaves his sentry box and opens the main door for Control. Control acknowledges the salute wi a flick of his eyes and we push through the doors...
76) 4) text: Late one night in Research, I was trawling through some footage of May Day in Berlin, 1969. I saw something, George. Connie slows the images down, concentrating... OFFICIALS suits are walking into their designated places. We see POLYAKOV amongst them. One of the old SOVIET VETERANS, in dress uniform, a chest full of medals, possibly a touch senile, LOOKS at him. Ju before he is obscured by another official we see what the veteran does. He salutes Polyakov. Connie's smile of triumph is reflected on the screen. She lights a cigarette. CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
76) 5) text: I saw it, George. Connie rewinds the tape and we see the salute - backwards And again - forwards. CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
76) 6) text: Why would a distinguished soldier, four medals for gallantry, salute our cultural attache Polly? Unless Polly was a war veteran himself? And if he was, why hide the fact? FROM DOORWAY - Connie sits smoking her celebratory cigare at the centre of her obsession.
139) 0) text: A few researchers sit amongst stacks of files. Guillam is filling out requisition slips. Behind the desk, a woman - SAL - watches him.
139) 1) dialog: What you up to this weekend?
139) 4) dialog: I'll bet. She takes the flimsy's from the back of the slips and pos them into her desk.
139) 5) dialog: Corridor D. She hands him back the top copies.
139) 6) dialog: The two-eights are halfway on your right, the three-ones are next alcove down.
146) 0) text: Guillam retraces his steps, placing his dummy file in the pink stack, replacing the one he placed there in its original shelf, remembering to take the green slip from t bracket. It's done. Guillam takes the green slip and hands it to Sal, who sig it and puts it on its spike. Guillam turns.
231) 2) text: This can be salvaged. Tarr can be found and liquidated.