6) 0) text: A long conference table. We are looking at an ELDERLY MAN at the head of the table. He's sitting on a rather ornate carving chair - a little like a throne - and he looks ill He is signing documents, his signature a simple "C," scrawled in GREEN INK, aware all eyes are on him. A cigarette burns away in an already loaded ashtray. This is the head of the Circus - known as CONTROL. Around him are four lieutenants - the inner circle of the intelligence service - PERCY ALLELINE, TOBY ESTERHASE, RO BLAND and BILL HAYDON. Beside him, his right-hand man - GEORGE SMILEY. From the thick and embarrassed atmosphere we might guess are at the end of a coup, the final ousting of a King. Al we hear is the ticking of a loud clock and the scratch of the pen. Smiley looks up to find Alleline's gaze fixed on him. Alleline quickly looks down at his hands.
6) 6) dialog: What about Smiley? Control looks at Smiley. His gaze impersonal... ON SMILEY - the faintest flicker in his eyes as he tries prepare himself for the shock of dismissal.
55) 0) text: Toby Esterhase is on the telephone, speaking softly in Hungarian. A look crosses his face. He suddenly notices Haydon in the doorway, cup of tea in hand. Esterhase asks caller to hold and places the handset on the desk.
55) 1) dialog: Help you with something Bill?
55) 3) dialog: (sullenly)
84) 0) text: Control is at the HEAD OF THE TABLE. Ranged against him a PERCY ALLELINE, ROY BLAND and TOBY ESTERHASE- all a littl nervous. BILL HAYDON sits to the side, feet up. Smiley joins them without his spectacles. Control throws him a FILE.
84) 7) dialog: (Protesting "cabal")
84) 28) text: (Shouting) And we've had enough! There's going to be changes, Smiley! Changes. Toby Esterhase finds his moment. TOBY ESTERHASE
133) 3) text: I'll go find her. Smiley threads his way through the party, walking amongst his colleagues, enjoying himself... Jerry Westerby and Connie Sachs are arm in arm, singing along to a song - "T Second Worst Spy in the World." They link Smiley to them for a verse, others joining in around them. The song segu into the Russian National Anthem. The crowd sing lustily, many of them Russian-speaking, enjoying the chance to sin with vigour. Smiley walks on. Behind him the song ends to be replaced the CHARLIE RICH song we heard earlier. His P.O.V. - - One of the larger Mothers doubled up with laughter, pulling a cracker with a flushed TOBY ESTERHASE, hopeless outweighed, but competitive to the finish. - ROY BLAND with his plain wife, eyeing one of the pretty debs as she dances by. A mother takes Smiley by the hand and leads him briefly into the dance. Smiley takes a turn with her, and extricates himself. Still smiling...
146) 2) dialog: Could we see you Peter? For a second Guillam can't speak.
146) 3) dialog: Percy would like quite an urgent word with you. Can you come now to the fifth floor? That would be so kind.
147) 3) dialog: The Chief will take no calls, please, ladies...
147) 6) dialog: We are having a conference.
152) 19) text: You recognize that handwriting? (Beat) That's Toby Esterhase.
189) 0) text: ... Prideaux stands watching a small, dapper figure crossing the grounds towards him - TOBY ESTERHASE. A man who's come up in the world.
197) 4) dialog: What... what's this about George?
201) 1) dialog: This is a mistake George, this is all...
203) 1) dialog: Yes. And yes, I delivered them.
204) 1) dialog: ... but so did Percy...
205) 1) dialog: ... and Bill...
206) 1) dialog: And Roy...
207) 1) dialog: Things aren't always what they seem. You know that George. Moscow thinks Polyakov's working for them, so, every now and then we give him the odd file to take back to them, just chicken-feed, keep his bosses happy. But Polyakov's our Joe, part of a big operation...
207) 3) dialog: Why are we here? Why are we...? Guillam gives him a sudden VIOLENT SHOVE in the back. Esterhase straightens himself, runs a palm through his hair, real fear on his face now.
207) 4) dialog: I don't... I don't deserve this. I don't deserve this George!
207) 6) dialog: Bland!
207) 8) dialog: Bland or Haydon. I don't remember. One of them. Maybe Percy. I don't know who.
210) 1) dialog: I didn't know. I swear I...
210) 3) dialog: George...!
210) 5) dialog: (crying)