20) 7) text: 20) Drew chases after the car, going backwards, slowly do 21) Samson is surrounded by concemed adults, who try not behavior. , . INT. AUNT DORA’S HOUSE -:NIGHT -LATER . There is an immediate ripple. Someone has seen him turnin BILL BANYON, 54, walks in the front door. Everything abou He’s untrustworthy, not as brilliant as he believes he is He’s fun. Rumor and innuendo becomes him. He simply has n BILL BANYON a So you obviously made a group decision not to call and invite me. 2 Beat. No one responds. Banyon explodes into a smile, exte sees, moving through the crowd like a politician with a c BILL BANYON © Hi. Bill Banyon... . a (moving through crowd) I hear Drew Baylor is here... how you doing? ... how you doing, Bill Banyon... Banyon spots a woozy Samson. He kneels down to. him. . BILL BANYON — Is this Samson? How you doing, Samson? Give me a Big Boy’s hug — Jessie and Drew watch as Samson rewards Banyon with the e The splatter hits Banyon and, to a much lesser degree, ca
20) 8) dialog: Okay! Okay then... okay... nice to see you too. His face locked into detached bemusement, Drew absorbs th behavior swirling around him. EXT. AUNT DORA’S HOME ~ NIGHT The windows and doors of the house are wide open, as the necessity, the dinner has moved outdoors. The house looks
35) 19) text: HOLLIE ‘ If Bill Banyon is there — definitely cremation!
40) 0) text: Drew and Bill Banyon stand in the huge hotel ballroom, wi
40) 1) dialog: .. but this. Jott
40) 3) dialog: Great. Put it on his credit card. Drew looks around the large room. Camera travels the expa
40) 5) dialog: Okay, so we’ve got the military bands, the seven
40) 9) dialog: Look, I'm getting the question constantly. Help us with an answer. Why isn’t he buried in Elizabethtown? Drew finds they’re all staring at him.
40) 11) dialog: (beat) Is there such a thing as partial-cremation? Aunt Dora, who cooks nearby, can’t stifle a groan. Banyon angered at the notion. Concurrently in the next room, the like a banshee. : . :
42) 7) dialog: I can see Mitch right now — so proud — wearing that . Blue Suit — . Aunt Dora enters and tums on the bumer of the stove to be away to get the perfect pan.
42) 8) dialog: ... can’t you?
56) 8) dialog: ... and I apologize, per se, for my role in that deal, per se... 9) Drew at the podium.