23) 0) text: Drew with bag, backpack with Praying Hands peeking out, a A wedding party has taken over much of the hotel. Balloon Hasboro!! Lovin’ Life!! Lovin’ Each Other 24-7!! Chuck an posed together. Clearly it’s their favorite photo - it’s pleasingly surreal. Before him is a super-professional yo (CHARLOTTE), 20. And she is memorable for this trait. She information to a database that only she sees. She types d we meet her. And she never stops
23) 11) dialog: (simple realization) 1 am the luckiest guy in the world. It’s the plain beauty of a time-worn phrase, said with re Drew oddly happy for this stranger. Suddenly and powerful INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT Drew is on his cell-phone, sitting on the sofa in t-shirt up on the coffee table. Complimentary toothbrush-and-mout the table before him. (We still hear party noise in the h for human contact. He’s making calls on his cell-phone. H
30) 3) dialog: You're a friend of Chucks, right?
30) 8) dialog: No, you’re not. I’m Chuck.
30) 10) dialog: (warily) : Chuck Hasboro.
30) 12) dialog: Who are you?
30) 14) dialog: Are you here for my wedding?
30) 16) dialog: Business?
30) 18) dialog: Oh man —
30) 23) dialog: Aw, shit ~ Y Chuck begins to cry. ‘
30) 24) dialog: — Death and life and death and life. Right next . ‘oly door to each other... once you start seeing the . Big Fucking Picture, you cannot go backwards. DREW Te No, that’s... that’s good advice.
30) 25) dialog: This is Big Fucking Picture. (crying, on the beer) Take it all. Drink drink. Enjoy brother.
30) 27) dialog: We're here for the next three days, if there’s anything 1 can do for you. (reaches for the phone) Chuck Hasboro. If there’s anything I can do for you guys. Okay? Chuck hands the phone back to Drew, still emotional, and more satisfying human toast. Cbuck sighs heavily, as Drew
37) 0) text: Drew is walking through the lobby, past Chuck and Cindy p crematory documentation. To himself:
47) 0) text: A peaceful melancholy slips over the lobby as Drew walks bongo. Front Desk Girl Charlotte types and looks up. She urn to ber. He turns to see... Claire in evening dress, lingering on outskirts of Chuck gorgeous and holding a bright pink Cosmopolitan. He colla Claire falls into the seat next to him. Silently they wat few drinks with a few new friends from the wedding party, considers putting the Um on the floor. Instead, he puts i
51) 0) text: Elevator door opens, and the Lobby is alive with activity crowded we've seen it. Claire attempts grace in last nigh all the same Chuck and Cindy people from the night before
60) 16) dialog: hauling ass toward Drew, with Cindy a few steps behind. T teach Drew.
60) 17) dialog: I trusted you!