3) 10) text: Every day, we download thoughts to each other - we are two sides of the same brain-trust. INT. TAIWAN OFFICE — NIGHT DAVID TAN, 45, works long hours. Just the top of his head
3) 11) dialog: Drew! How’s the weather? INT. PHIL’S OUTER OFFICE - DAY - PRESENT TIME The cart slows to Phil’s outer office. No words, no sign glass doors. oe DREW’S VOICE:, Any true student of functional shoe design is also a stud of Phil himself. He is a master. And his innate wisdom of what people want and need... has never failed to date. He is also obsessed with the number two. A matching set of two Norman Rockwell paintings adora the DREW’S VOICE These are Phil’s prized two Norman Rockwells, the pair of paintings that once hung outside the White House Office of John F. Kennedy... We now see a matching set of two Security Guards in bulky ominous... which of course, makes them look more ominous. Drew’s pain. They’ve bantered happily in the past. Today of compassion.
8) 0) text: Drew is on the other side of the tinted glass: He cannot courtyard of the gorgeous campus, focked-out on this beau oblivious employees move past him. ‘ . DREW’S VOICE : | found myself thinking about my Taiwanese counterpart in Region 3. David Tan. ‘What would happen to him? EXT. MERCURY BUILDING — AFTERNOON Sunlight glints off the comer of the Mercury Tower. DREW’S VOICE (figuring it all out) ‘And in that moment I knew. Success — success ~ not greatness... was the only God the entire world served The sun disappears behind the building. Drew takes a last the people, a company trash-can, and finally himself in t EXT. DREW’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Drew walks up the steps, passing a cute Astsy Girl and he
68) 0) text: David Tan, Drew’s Taiwanese counterpart, is on the phone.
68) 1) dialog: Drew, it’s David Tan... listen to me... my heart is beating so fast... 79% of the recalls were rejected by 92% of the outlet stores in 72% of the global... forget it, forget it... Twas re-instated this morming! Drew sits listening to his manic and happy Taiwanese coun
68) 2) dialog: It’s a revolution, man! DREW’S VOICE (very serious, disbelieving) The Spasmotica was finding love. Love in the hearts of people... okay, mostly young kids.... who apparently found my billion dollar, girlfriend destroying, global merger wrecking, walking-on-a-cloud curiosity... The shoes are everywhere. Drew stands, trying to process DREW’S VOICE ... profound.
68) 3) dialog: Can you hear me? They are recalling the recall.
68) 5) dialog: (laughing) Who knows, man. I'm walking on a cloud! It’s a Spasmotica World! I’m going to. yell for joy now, so get ready. AAARRRRRHH! : Drew hangs up, stunned and almost delirious. He lingers a beginning in his chin, and slowly moving across his face. now. He hugs a Stranger wearing the shoes.