3) 0) text: Drew arrives at the desk of ELLEN KISHMORE, 24. She’s a h
3) 5) text: Drew and Ellen zip down a corridor on a cart. Think about children’s artwork on the sides. Replace the artwork with painters, and you’ ve got the jdea about this inner-sanct DREW’S VOICE : Mercury Worldwide Shoes... which is actually Phil... contains some of America’s finest artists’ masterworks... seen only by people heading for very important meetings, a promotion... - , Drew looks at Ellen with unabashed love. The paintings zi increasingly distant affection. DREW’S VOICE ... or otherwise. INT. “THE PEN” - DAY Drew and Ellen pass “The Pen,” an open work-space filled monitors fill every desk. Such is the state of the new gl their heads. (Visible are cutting-edge souvenirs and sign DREW’S VOICE We are not just employees, as Phil once said, we are “Denizens of Greatness.”
3) 10) text: Every day, we download thoughts to each other - we are two sides of the same brain-trust. INT. TAIWAN OFFICE — NIGHT DAVID TAN, 45, works long hours. Just the top of his head
3) 13) text: r.. wg Two Older Assistants - Moneypenny types ~ sit at two desk headsets. One of them holds up two fingers ~ as in not ye
6) 0) text: Drew faces the gimlet-eyed reporter, HERBIE GONSALVES, 46 On the table before them are Drew’s conceptual drawings o designed shoe, with a very wide base, festooned with cris ( ‘\ it’s name in the sketches — Spasmotica. Nearby, a co
9) 7) text: Ever the designer, with focused intensity, Drew tests the himself. He presses “on,” and stands back to observe...
20) 7) text: 20) Drew chases after the car, going backwards, slowly do 21) Samson is surrounded by concemed adults, who try not behavior. , . INT. AUNT DORA’S HOUSE -:NIGHT -LATER . There is an immediate ripple. Someone has seen him turnin BILL BANYON, 54, walks in the front door. Everything abou He’s untrustworthy, not as brilliant as he believes he is He’s fun. Rumor and innuendo becomes him. He simply has n BILL BANYON a So you obviously made a group decision not to call and invite me. 2 Beat. No one responds. Banyon explodes into a smile, exte sees, moving through the crowd like a politician with a c BILL BANYON © Hi. Bill Banyon... . a (moving through crowd) I hear Drew Baylor is here... how you doing? ... how you doing, Bill Banyon... Banyon spots a woozy Samson. He kneels down to. him. . BILL BANYON — Is this Samson? How you doing, Samson? Give me a Big Boy’s hug — Jessie and Drew watch as Samson rewards Banyon with the e The splatter hits Banyon and, to a much lesser degree, ca
29) 2) text: I can actually see all sides of any problem. | can’t eve answer yes or no. I spend so much time thinking about all the answers to the problem... that I forget what the problém actually was. I can actually agree with every point of view... so yes. But 1 also see the other side. So yes. But maybe no... She flushes and moves quickly down the hall, to hide the CLAIRE . What were you doing when you heard about Mitch? . You know what ~ you don’t have to talk about it. INT. DREW’S LIVING ROOM ~ LATER NIGHT Drew in the hotel room in shorts. He plugs in the charger little longer than he anticipated.
37) 13) text: How could I leave you in distress? I’m taking , you out. . . . f Music begins, the perfect song that might pop up somewher souvenir of the occasion, except we are in the incongruou INT HADLEY CREMATORY (LOUISVILLE) - DAY . Arow of Ums. Ali different sizes and shapes. Moving shots different possibilities. A YOUNG WORKER looks on apprecia colorful and lively as Claire in this world that is very continues, she turns this potentially lugubrious task int opposite walls of choices, Drew and Claire back into each physical contact. They separate. The Young Worker tums hi enter. Behind his back, Claire playfully flings one of th When the grieving older couple tum to look at Claire, she monochromatic. Drew and the Young Worker share alock. The this — why you and not me? a ° Now Claire explores a row of oil paintings of benefactors a famous Kentucky racehorse. Claire finds a small flag, a different directions in front of one very idiosyncratic P a viewing bench with the Um and the flag. She takes an im to the Young Worker. The selection has been made. And som look with her that could only be described as disbelief —
45) 4) text: “The door opens suddenly as the Young Worker stands ready INT. EMPTY FRONT OFFICE/CREMATORY — NIGHT. a The Young Worker moves quickly into the back room, motion Drew stands in the darkened Crematory office waiting. He unmanned darkened desk, blinking with his unheard message back. The Young Worker returns with an apologetic shrug,
47) 0) text: A peaceful melancholy slips over the lobby as Drew walks bongo. Front Desk Girl Charlotte types and looks up. She urn to ber. He turns to see... Claire in evening dress, lingering on outskirts of Chuck gorgeous and holding a bright pink Cosmopolitan. He colla Claire falls into the seat next to him. Silently they wat few drinks with a few new friends from the wedding party, considers putting the Um on the floor. Instead, he puts i
48) 0) text: Balancing her glass, Claire joins Drew in swinging open t ballroom marked: Hasboro Wedding Rehearsal. The remains of an earlier function are obvious in the hap catering remnants. Claire drains her drink, and heads for microphone, and grips both sides of the stand like a Pres and she addresses the empty ballroom. : CLAIRE .
48) 20) text: bere, and we're together. It’s a get-out-of-jail-free card. It’s almost midnight. Life cannot be so cruel that we don’t deserve to be together. . (covering her tracks) . ot To eat. He leads her to the door. ™ “
56) 3) dialog: ... he would show us pictures of his granddaughter.
60) 8) text: Water cascades over the well-dressed crowd streaming for