10) 0) text: HOLLIE BAYLOR is moving furiously forward through the Por Drew’s mother still carries her collegiate good-looks and questions of life. Carefree people have often patted her good time.” But as we meet her, all her worst fears have Drew’s sister and now Drew himself, holding a garment bag adrenalized conversation. They are commandos trying to ou HOLLIE oe T'm a widow... I’m a widow... I'm a widow...
10) 3) dialog: I don’t know why he went back to Kentucky! I don’t know what the attraction was —
10) 7) dialog: They don’t like me there, they never did.
10) 11) dialog: T'll always be the one who “snatched” him away from them. The two sides of this family have never integrated well, so don’t expect to make a lot of friends back there.
10) 14) dialog: And you’ve got the Blue Suit. The navy blue —
10) 21) dialog: We have a plan. (beat) And you hold your head up high. Dos’t you forget... you go back there as the most successful man in the history of your family. Don’t let them Drew hoists the bag up, coughs a little. He has not share DREW | oe Is there anything else about what he said, how he wanted to be buried?
10) 22) dialog: He never wanted to talk about it! (suddenly) Wait. Wait... wait... I think he said sprinkled at sea!
10) 26) dialog: Just tell them I’m too sad to fly. My God, I have to call people and clean out the office — The Security Gate looms ahead. They stop. 19
10) 27) text: ws. HOLLIE —Yma widow. - .
10) 31) dialog: What did Dad always say...? “If it wasn’t this —
10) 33) dialog: His spirit is still hovering, looking for a place to land
10) 35) dialog: ... naw go and do him justice! And call and ») tell us everything! Go!
20) 0) text: A burst-of human interaction. The small house is packed w A high-pitched intensity swirls around Drew. And he just home —the kitchen. With Jessie Baylor at his side, Drew i yellow pie (Chess Pie, a regional favorite) by 65 year-ol CONNELLY. Dora represents the cheerfill side of the famil ofa woman. LENA, her older sister, moves nearby, always t mother, how's Hollie?”) Drew watches the unspoken synchro swiftly, holding plates of food, never bumping into each They have swung into action. Three people talk to Drew si girlfriend (CONNIE) of his father’s from a long time ago. into his hands. All around him, he sees bits and pieces o we see a portrait of Southern culture, the likes of which
25) 23) dialog: cooking.
25) 24) dialog: » I want to leam to cook, and I want to learn to laugh, and 1 want to tap dance. T’ve always wanted to tap dance.
33) 14) text: “FADE UP ON: EXT. MOM’S HOME - EARLY MORNING Hollie stands in her driveway.
33) 15) dialog: You will not defeat me. ‘ She is speaking to her car, a two-door Volvo.
33) 17) dialog: peering inside, with manual. She knocks the metal stand p her harshly and heavily. .
33) 18) dialog: Struggling, like a fish caught in the jaws of a shark. He Hollie’s voice.
33) 19) dialog: I’m okay... I'm okay... INT. ELIZABETHTOWN FUNERAL HOME — MORNING Drew stands over the coffin with Charles Dean, looking di
35) 2) dialog: Honey, I don’t know when I’m going to crash, but as of right now — . . . (indicating beleaguered Heather) — we're learning about the car, I’m learning organic cooking, I’m going to tap dance and Jater today, 1’m going to fix the toilet. Itis five minutes at a time. . Heather is at near exhaustion levels, trying to keep up.
35) 5) dialog: ‘And do what -- cry? Everybody says to take anti- depressants. Hey. I’m out here making things happen. All forward motion counts.
35) 7) dialog: ‘When are you coming home?
35) 11) dialog: (suddenly suspicious) Who’s there planning all of this?
35) 13) dialog: Bill Banyon is there? BILL BANYON?
35) 16) dialog: Bill BANYON? . ~ : DREW. Last time I'll ask —
35) 17) dialog: I know it’s all very charming, with the pickled things in jars, and the Southem charm, and the hams that hang in the garage until they’re so moldy you can grow penicillin on them but —
35) 19) text: HOLLIE ‘ If Bill Banyon is there — definitely cremation!
35) 21) dialog: And you can tell Bill Banyon I’m coming. .
52) 23) dialog: Darling. I have found that I am funny. Drew shares a look with Heather, who quietly shakes ber h takes in these new surroundings. The smell of disaster is
55) 0) text: Drew takes Mom and Heather to the seats. There is a reser the front. Nervous, yet exquisitely poised, Hollie nods h surrounding family section and beyond. She knows all eyes up at a photo of Mitch and herself, slide-projected on th ON HOLLIE “ in profile, staring up at her former life, blown up to sc Heather looks around, glazed, it’s all Fantasia to her.
57) 0) text: Hollie rises and begins walking to the stage. In every pu drama This is drama, She walks resolutely, from her front takes the stage in a dark pant-suit with flared bottorhs. spotlight, silver sun in her face. , There is silence sav snifflng. Hundreds of unseen faces now judge hern the dar The spotlight feels hot, and it crosses her line of visio single judgmental-sounding cough in the dark.
57) 1) dialog: Tma little nervous, but here we are. Silence. .
57) 2) dialog: Thanks for coming, and thank you for inviting me. I’m glad J got on that plane. It’s been a while. (beat) He talked so much about all of you, and late at night I'd often hear the typing of one of his long detailed letters, answering a simple question in 30 single-spaced pages. Always on Saturday, that was his day to type letters. Saturday was the day he devoted to you. And how right that today is a Saturday.
57) 4) dialog: And there was the shorthand of a long marriage. ‘We were complete opposites — and it worked. Hollie withdraws the microphone from the podium stand and use any part of the stage, and the first to realize the m that moment, she comes to life, speaking from her heart. different, less guarded, more free.
57) 5) dialog: There are three islands of security in this world. Health, love and work. 1 lost them all in a single phone call. 1 am a widow.
57) 10) dialog: getting her footing on this stage, as thoughts begin to c
57) 11) dialog: The plan was to send my son here to represent us. I was terrified that you'd look at me and see — the Woman From California... (silent beat) The one who took him. And though we only lived . there as a family for eighteen months twenty-seven years ago... I’ve always felt it. I’m the one. He was your boy, Mitchie, on his way home from the war. And somehow I hijacked him, and took him to... to Disneyland! A little bit of forced laughter
57) 14) dialog: He didn’t come home. Didn’t start the business with Dale...
57) 15) dialog: Left the military later to be a father to Drew...
57) 16) dialog: Didn’t marry the person everybody thought be would...
57) 17) text: “oN we CONNIE who watches Hollie with curiosity and no small jealousy.
57) 18) dialog: And we bever talked about any of it, we just built layers on top of layers and we argued about the layers. Layers of bullshit.
57) 20) dialog: All because I was standing in an elevator in Tokyo, and a handsome Captain walked in, on the way back . to Elizabethtown, and... he was engaged and I was ™“ engaged too! And... something happened between (ee us, that was not (God forbid) “part of the plan.” A rampant silence has filled the room.
57) 21) dialog: But we were in love. . (beat, fast) And J know the rap on me. I’m a humorless liberat Catholic and I never took the time to know all of you, and for that I am sorry. And criticized somebody's cooking on my last visit here, but as rl tell you in a moment, I’m now a struggling cook myself, 1 know how hard it is, please forgive me, and I say that as a humorless liberal Catholic who is apparently... still humorless.
57) 25) dialog: Let me tell you about life without Mitch.
57) 27) dialog: I tried to learn about Mitch’s car. It actually ate me. I went to the bank. The teller looked at me strangely, and when I got home I looked in the mirror. My face was still green from a facial mask I forgot to take off. J called the Insurance Man of thirty years, whose son Mitch helped get into West Point, to tell him Mitch was gone. He didn’t call me back for two days. (beat) The car. The bank. The Insurance Man. The world. Nobody truly cared. Not like us. Hollie pauses, almost loses her way, then regains her foo
57) 28) dialog: And then there was daylight.
57) 30) dialog: | knew what the answer was. The answer was joy. That’s what Mitch wanted.
57) 32) dialog: 1 always wanted to leam to tap-dance. So I took lessons. And ] wanted to cook, organically, so 1
57) 35) dialog: And I wanted to learn to laugh. Why wasn’t I this funny when he was alive!? Best J can figure... : (beat) ' It takes time to be funny. It takes time to extract joy from life. ,
57) 37) dialog: So I enrolled in Comedy School. Big laugh. Hollie rolls with it, laughs a little herself
57) 40) dialog: I was the oldest one in the class. And I was told to tell one story, a true story, about real life, somethi that happened to me. So I got up there, and talked a little bit about my husband and the love he left behind. A few days after Mitch died, the next-door neighbor, one of Mitch’s good friends, Bob, saw that I was going through the gate and he said, “I’m so sorry for your loss.” And I knew he needed to feel that loss, and share it. And I wanted to help him. He put his arms around me, cradled me, and his embrace tightened. Finally, bere was someone who truly cared. And who you are in times of crisis is who you really are. (perfect beat) Then I felt something else. 113
57) 43) dialog: A huge... well, let's just say it... a boner. Huge laughs. ‘
57) 44) dialog: That’s what I get for trying to do everything . moyself. '
57) 46) dialog: Boner Bob. My neighbor. Laughs double.
57) 47) dialog: People handle grief in different ways! Laughs quadruple. She laughs herself. These are big, big
57) 49) dialog: Mitch believed in people. Some let him down.
57) 51) dialog: William Banyon. You know what you did. And { know what you did. And I’m an inch... {it’s not easy) ... Of two inches away from forgiving you.
57) 53) dialog: But some did't let him down. Sometimes those thirty pages letters helped his friends get rich, or gave advice or just made ‘em happy. He rooted for all of you. And he loved his family, my patient daughter and my busy son. And he was not bitter. He was more playful then maybe some of you knew —
57) 55) dialog: But here’s some advice I can give to you ~ She gestures around the beautiful ballroom. Smet HOLLIE Give all these gifts to the living. Do it now. Be embarrassing. Don’t wait for the perfect time. Mitch is gone, and Boner Bob lives on. That’s life. She shakes her head, laughs to herself. Deep, knowing lau
57) 56) dialog: I may need your help. I haven’t been single since Jwas 18. And that was... that was a couple years ago. Big forgiving laughs.
57) 57) dialog: One last Mitch story. We were walking one night and | asked him - “what should I do if, God forbid, something happens and you go before Ido. How do you want to be buried?” And he looked at me and smiled and said — (beat) J “Surprise me.”
57) 60) dialog: This would have surprised him. She addresses the slide-portrait ‘of Mitch above the podi
57) 61) dialog: And I’m going to surprise you, too. I love you. She gives her signal for the music. ‘ HOLLIE : This is for you. Your favorite song. Ona Saturday night. ‘ It’s Henry Mancini’s “Moon River” instrumental... and Hol basic moves. Lights reduce to a single spotlight and it i reaches a wobbly crescendo to huge applause. The strange fearless, and funny, and quite beautiful. Finally, finall married. The sound of a standing ovation rings over onto.
61) 0) text: The Elizabethtown cemetary. An absolutely beautiful day, faithful few are here at the Baylor funeral. Charles Dean ‘What was once just a smali grassy space is festooned wit Jessie Baylor wears sunglasses, white shirt, a tie, and a helmet, stands near Drew. Staring Mona stares at Drew. Au Uncle Roy and Uncle Dale. Heather and Hollie stand near B They have all shared a crisis together. Everybody is in s Under a tent-awning, the open-casket rests with a flag, s above ground. Nearby is the Purple Urn. Drew looks down a
61) 14) dialog: Cheer up. It’s only a funeral. Drew and Heather regard their mother, who is clearly nurt funny. ‘