16) 0) text: Drew officially sets foot in the South. He is met with an otherworldly heat, a deep humidity, and smells and the lushness of the Southern summer immediatel few distant places, even Europe for a summer, but nothing Somewhere a bell clangs. The blinding sun cuts through so moment. Shading his eyes, he sees Jessie approaching swif Hoisting up the garment bag, Drew meets him halfway. A A
16) 3) dialog: f— This loss will be met by a hurricane of love, 2 and you are staying with me!
16) 7) dialog: Okay, Cuz, I’m going to take care of everything. You remember Uncle Dale. ‘You're going to meet Charles Dean, who was a good old friend of your Daddy’s. P.S. ~ you met all these people when you were very small. Don’t worry, I will not leave your side. They trudge up a small hill to a plot of land. Jessie pre somebody new in town who is roughly his age.
16) 8) dialog: _.. Charles Dean! Meet the grown up Drew Baylor! Here is CHARLES DEAN, 62, a local institution. His face r
16) 10) dialog: And you remember Uncle Dale. (UNCLE) DALE BAYLOR, 56, is Mitch’s younger brother and J regional through-and-though, though flecked with regret a all gravely shake hands. Drew remembers none of them.
18) 2) text: Everybody, this is Mitch’s Boy from California, of the Califomia Baylors. This is Drew. He’s going to spend some time alone with his daddy, and then we'll all join h Drew, you're related fo just about everybody here, and ju as your father was, we’re,all very excited about your eight-year triumph with that beautiful shoe. ‘ Drew looks at their sincere and curious faces and sees pi elements of his father’s looks... all different spins on speaker, Do they expect him to speak? Jessie leans over a
18) 3) dialog: You're going to need to say a little something from your heart. All eyes are now on Drew. Stiffly: DREW . Thank you for being here: Sorry I'mlate. He looks at their faces. It’s not enough. Awkward adrenal
19) 1) dialog: No, no ~ I’m not gonna let you feel bad. It was from the heart — (beat) — but let them say “condolences” to you.
19) 3) dialog: —no, it’s incoming. It’s an incoming phrase.
20) 0) text: A burst-of human interaction. The small house is packed w A high-pitched intensity swirls around Drew. And he just home —the kitchen. With Jessie Baylor at his side, Drew i yellow pie (Chess Pie, a regional favorite) by 65 year-ol CONNELLY. Dora represents the cheerfill side of the famil ofa woman. LENA, her older sister, moves nearby, always t mother, how's Hollie?”) Drew watches the unspoken synchro swiftly, holding plates of food, never bumping into each They have swung into action. Three people talk to Drew si girlfriend (CONNIE) of his father’s from a long time ago. into his hands. All around him, he sees bits and pieces o we see a portrait of Southern culture, the likes of which
20) 7) text: 20) Drew chases after the car, going backwards, slowly do 21) Samson is surrounded by concemed adults, who try not behavior. , . INT. AUNT DORA’S HOUSE -:NIGHT -LATER . There is an immediate ripple. Someone has seen him turnin BILL BANYON, 54, walks in the front door. Everything abou He’s untrustworthy, not as brilliant as he believes he is He’s fun. Rumor and innuendo becomes him. He simply has n BILL BANYON a So you obviously made a group decision not to call and invite me. 2 Beat. No one responds. Banyon explodes into a smile, exte sees, moving through the crowd like a politician with a c BILL BANYON © Hi. Bill Banyon... . a (moving through crowd) I hear Drew Baylor is here... how you doing? ... how you doing, Bill Banyon... Banyon spots a woozy Samson. He kneels down to. him. . BILL BANYON — Is this Samson? How you doing, Samson? Give me a Big Boy’s hug — Jessie and Drew watch as Samson rewards Banyon with the e The splatter hits Banyon and, to a much lesser degree, ca
20) 12) dialog: being dressed down by Dale. Dale speaks to Jessie as if h It’s embarrassing watching an adult scolded, but it’s not
20) 14) dialog: Hey — blame me, everybody does.
20) 17) dialog: who walks over to Drew. It’s been an eventful evening. Je and he is grateful to have somebody within the vicinity o
20) 18) dialog: How you holding up?
21) 0) text: Drew and Jessie jog through the center of the street, an stuff. Drew tightly holds his bag, a few artifacts, food- holds his son, asleep and slung over his shoulder. On eit lit up by living room television. It feels good to be mov arrive at Jessie’s small house. Samson is still asleep ov and buzz.
21) 3) text: “ JESSIE No. This time of year ~ it’s hotter than the ’ hinges of hell. We got stars, though. © INT. JESSIE’S HOME/SAMSON’S ROOM - NIGHT Drew watches from the darkened doorway, as Jessie slaps p
21) 5) dialog: It’s the only thing he inherited from Cheryl. The volume. . (to Samson) Do you love me? Come on, I carried you half a mile... do you love me?
21) 8) dialog: Thick and thin?
21) 10) dialog: I don’t blame her. Around here, their favorite thing in the world is to get offended by something small, and hold onto it for fifty years. 2 Drew smiles at his outspoken cousin, and nods as in — b 46
21) 12) dialog: But then, you and your dad were close. As Drew watches Jessie slaps pajamas on the sleepy kid:
22) 0) text: Jessie shows Drew the guest room, which also functions as knacks share space with band equipment, broken boom boxes the wall. And a lonely-looking futon.
22) 2) dialog: You in my house, man. This is great. The circumstances are noi great. But we are cousins, brother. Brother, we are cousins. That was my band. Jessie points out the poster, as he pulls out pillows and clearly a big kid with toys, trying to raise a smaller ki
22) 4) dialog: This is the show we opened for Lynyrd Skynyrd. . Two of the original members!
22) 6) dialog: Well, we almost opened for ‘em. It’s really a long
22) 10) dialog: Ruckus. Jessie nods proudly and quietly, as Drew looks over some
22) 12) dialog: I’ve taken the year off for hard thought... tough thinkin Something big has happened...“ér is happen-ning, and I want to be the guy who puts his finger on it. Creatively. He laughs to himself. Drew laughs a little too, studies t spontaneously, acapella, a verse from his own composition listens uncomfortably, unsure how to respond or where to
22) 13) dialog: “Those postcards I sent from Birmingham All the way from the windows of Amsterdam. Copped a gram from Dapper Sam Just a four-letter man in another jam... “4 Oh yeah... “ Next door, Samson fully wakes and erupts into a sustained the seasoned father of aloud child. Drew takes a breath, room, imagining the next seven hours or so. The child is the wall. WOMAN’S VOICE Hello? A young woman peeks around the comer holding keys. She ha of her face visible. She wears a Bartell’s drug store uni DEBBIE, 30ish.
22) 18) dialog: (whispers) \ Debbie! .
40) 16) text: 87 Jessie exits. Dale speaks more quietly.
41) 5) dialog: watching Rusty with the kids. 88
41) 13) dialog: who tums to Drew.
41) 14) dialog: (quietly, a little sad) What I’d give to have him look at me like that.
42) 6) dialog: watching his son watch the video. There is absolute joy o at the sight of it. .
54) 0) text: Jessie Baylor stands with an ELECTRICIAN, 21, looking at
54) 1) dialog: Okay, so when I give you the signal — (demonstrates with drumstick) ~ pull the pulley slowly across.
58) 10) dialog: If] leave here tomorrow...
60) 0) text: Jessie performs soulfully.
60) 2) dialog: “Cause I’m as free as a bird now- And this bird you cannot change... Cy) «119 Jessie makes a subtle-motion with his drumstick, to the e
61) 0) text: The Elizabethtown cemetary. An absolutely beautiful day, faithful few are here at the Baylor funeral. Charles Dean ‘What was once just a smali grassy space is festooned wit Jessie Baylor wears sunglasses, white shirt, a tie, and a helmet, stands near Drew. Staring Mona stares at Drew. Au Uncle Roy and Uncle Dale. Heather and Hollie stand near B They have all shared a crisis together. Everybody is in s Under a tent-awning, the open-casket rests with a flag, s above ground. Nearby is the Purple Urn. Drew looks down a