3) 5) text: Drew and Ellen zip down a corridor on a cart. Think about children’s artwork on the sides. Replace the artwork with painters, and you’ ve got the jdea about this inner-sanct DREW’S VOICE : Mercury Worldwide Shoes... which is actually Phil... contains some of America’s finest artists’ masterworks... seen only by people heading for very important meetings, a promotion... - , Drew looks at Ellen with unabashed love. The paintings zi increasingly distant affection. DREW’S VOICE ... or otherwise. INT. “THE PEN” - DAY Drew and Ellen pass “The Pen,” an open work-space filled monitors fill every desk. Such is the state of the new gl their heads. (Visible are cutting-edge souvenirs and sign DREW’S VOICE We are not just employees, as Phil once said, we are “Denizens of Greatness.”
3) 16) dialog: How are you, Drew?
3) 18) text: 7 I And it is rather clear in his cadence that money is may Drew has not been invited to sit in the empty chair next very, very large space. If only he knew what to do, what single sip from each of two cups of tea that sit before b ' PHIL... The American psyche isin turmoil. And we have miscalculated.
4) 1) dialog: My basketball team. They don’t even know yet.
5) 0) text: Phil and Drew arrive in an indoor arboretum courtyard. Th headquarters is consistently surprising.
5) 2) dialog: (it’s understood) How do I make the concept of 972 million dollars more real to you?
5) 7) dialog: (really not listening) A hugely-successful American company, built by my own family, the blood of my own family, merging last year with DCS Industries on the promise of 2 global future pinned to a groundbreaking shoe — your design — witha new style of material, launched this week to great fanfar f~ and now meeting a growing international roar of laught and rejection, enough to cause this memo from Jeffrey Bar CEO of DCS, “this once highly-anticipated product may actually cause an entire generation to return to bare fee We are about to enter a free-fall plunge. And the sound y hear is the sound of shit hitting the fan, globally. Drew is stricken. For a moment we hear the whistling soun
5) 9) dialog: Actually, there is. (witb suspicious compassion) Sitting in a room downstairs is a reporter from Modern Business Journal. He's one of the good guys. He’ll help usifhe can. The story of our recall will break in a week, this Monday, and you know, whatever you want to say — within parameters — would be wonderful. f : : 5 Drew takes it in, He is a loyal warrior to the end.
5) 11) text: For example, we need him to understand. We hired you from our National Scholarship. program. We supported, invested in your brilliance. This was a very creative endeavor. 4 (pause). And I think you should stand up for your incredible work. fatherly role-model. Now Phil is all reflective surface, Drew stares at his once support. It looks like another last look, unmistakably so
5) 13) dialog: You okay? Drew slowly nods. He wants to say “Tm fine,” but can’t qu
14) 32) text: Iwas going to say... 've never hada good experience with an Ellen, or a Phil. . She gives him the map. Mh