20) 7) text: 20) Drew chases after the car, going backwards, slowly do 21) Samson is surrounded by concemed adults, who try not behavior. , . INT. AUNT DORA’S HOUSE -:NIGHT -LATER . There is an immediate ripple. Someone has seen him turnin BILL BANYON, 54, walks in the front door. Everything abou He’s untrustworthy, not as brilliant as he believes he is He’s fun. Rumor and innuendo becomes him. He simply has n BILL BANYON a So you obviously made a group decision not to call and invite me. 2 Beat. No one responds. Banyon explodes into a smile, exte sees, moving through the crowd like a politician with a c BILL BANYON © Hi. Bill Banyon... . a (moving through crowd) I hear Drew Baylor is here... how you doing? ... how you doing, Bill Banyon... Banyon spots a woozy Samson. He kneels down to. him. . BILL BANYON — Is this Samson? How you doing, Samson? Give me a Big Boy’s hug — Jessie and Drew watch as Samson rewards Banyon with the e The splatter hits Banyon and, to a much lesser degree, ca
21) 0) text: Drew and Jessie jog through the center of the street, an stuff. Drew tightly holds his bag, a few artifacts, food- holds his son, asleep and slung over his shoulder. On eit lit up by living room television. It feels good to be mov arrive at Jessie’s small house. Samson is still asleep ov and buzz.
21) 3) text: “ JESSIE No. This time of year ~ it’s hotter than the ’ hinges of hell. We got stars, though. © INT. JESSIE’S HOME/SAMSON’S ROOM - NIGHT Drew watches from the darkened doorway, as Jessie slaps p
21) 6) dialog: (sleepily)
21) 9) dialog: Thick and thin. : JESSIE . Tm surprised Aunt Hollie didn’t make it. , cee She’s pretty broken up. She sends her love to everybody, though. Jessie nods, he knows the subtext.
40) 21) text: Hi. Pm Rusty. Samson immediately falls silent. Mayhem has ceased. It is reckless children. os RUSTY . T built this house behind me twelve years ago. . And today ~— INT. AUNT DORA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT The Planning committee in the next room realize something
41) 3) dialog: who watches... strangely, deeply transifixed.
41) 12) dialog: who experiences a revelation. SAMSON , . Yes. , . a Around him, kids nod quickly, with deep conviction. Samso Jessie sees it. - -
41) 23) dialog: who hooks an arm around his father’s leg, and looks at Je
61) 17) dialog: and Drew’s gaze goes to the boy’s shoes. He’s wearing Spa ..« INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR- DAY Drew straps in the Um. He’s assembled what he’ll need for wooden box. He opens it. Asa “map,” it’s a meticulous pro filled with pages of writing and illustrations on easily- map attachments, along with detailed footnotes. DREW’S VOICE The route of Claire’s map — with accompanying music — would take 42 hours and 11 minutes. With utmost gravity, he loads CD # 1.