1) 685) dialog: Nisht dus meynt di Gemore. That isn’t what the text means-—
1) 690) dialog: Fin der heym? Originally. Blue - SoN D9.1
1) 692) dialog: Ayer mishpokhe?
1) 694) dialog: Ikh bin fin Siedlice.
1) 696) dialog: Far dem, in mitn, nokh dem. Der Ghetto, Treblinka, yetzt doo. (09/20/2018) p.76
1) 698) dialog: Your family?
1) 700) dialog: I’m from Siedlice.
1) 702) dialog: Before, during, after. The Ghetto, Treblinka, now here. Dovidl’s face is registering wonder and disbelief.
1) 704) dialog: Eynige habn ibergelebt. Eyer mishpokhe zeynen geharget geworn?
1) 707) dialog: Nein, tit mir leyd, yinguerman. Ihr wilt wissn? Dovidl nods. Above all things it’s what he wants. But how
1) 709) dialog: Kimtz.
1) 711) dialog: Some did. Your family perished?
1) 713) dialog: No. I’m sorry, my young friend. (a long beat) Do you want to know? 2
1) 715) dialog: Come. 76 77 Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.77 Dovidl glances at his watch. He has a concert to prepare Has he time for this, whatever it is? But the decision is made for him. Stretching his arm around Dovidl’s shoulder Katzenberg leads him out into the street. EXT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE. DAY (A’51) 76 An alley leads them to what appears from the outside to b ordinary residential house, somewhat run-down; but as Katzenberg and Dovidl enter, both saturated from the rain INT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE. DAY (A’51) 77 -we see that the ground-floor partition walls have been removed to create a large, low-ceilinged prayer hall, furnished like a synagogue and consecrated as one, suppor by steel beams and pillars. Around twenty men and youths women) are swaying in prayer. Katzenberg strides to the bimah and slaps his hand loudly the lectern.
1) 716) dialog: Inz habmir do a Rapoport fin We have a Rapoport from Warshe! Warsaw! Instantly the praying stops. A smooth-cheeked BOY of thir slips out of the room. ON DOVIDL, understanding none of this. He looks to Katzen for an explanation but receives none. Almost immediately the boy returns. With him is a bearded in his thirties: THE YOUNG REBBE. Though twice this man’s age, Katzenberg inclines his head respectfully in his presence.
1) 717) dialog: Rebbe, dus iz Dovid Eli Rebbe, this is Dovid Eli Rapoport. Fin Warshe. Er Rapoport. From Warsaw. He willt wissn. wants to know. The Young Rebbe nods. Shaking Dovidl’s hand-
1) 721) dialog: Dovid, in inzer kehilah siz David, among our community it inzer shpetzieler tafkid, wus is our special duty, given der Alter Rebbe hat inz us by the Alte Rebbe in gegeben, tzi haltn, di Treblinka, to keep the Book Memorbukh far Treblinka. of Remembrance. No exact S‘'zeynen nisht geven records survive of the camp’s shriftliche zichroynos, di dead and this the Alte REbbe nemen fin di toyte nor predicted; so he had their gehalten gevorn dorkh di names committed to memory. mentshen. In wayl s’zeynen And since there were so many, gewen azoyfil toyte, in dos and the lives of those tasked leben fin di wus woltn to remember were so fragile, gedarft denken is gewen azoy ten elders were chosen as a shwakh, tzen eltere zeynen Minyan of Remembrance. Only geworn oysgeklibn als a three of the ten survived. Minyan fin Zikorn, in beoyftragt tzi oyfhaltn di nemen far eybig. Nor drey fin di tzen habn ibergelebt. Having found his place, the Young Rebbe is smoothing down double page of the Book of Remembrance.
1) 722) dialog: Shpeter m’hat upgeshribn di Later the names were written nemen. Ober, natirlekh, di down. But the record is liste is incomplete. If the names of nisht a complete. Oyb di your loved ones are not found nemen fin ayer tayere here it will not necessarily keroyvim zeynen nishtu, dus mean they survived. maynt nisht az zey hobn ibergelebt. David nods, impatient now for the mere chance of knowing after a decade of ignorance and speculation. The Rebbe begins to chant a recitation. What he chants - a musical theme based on traditional lam - is The Song of Names, in Yiddish, as it was originally remembered: a partial list of the dead of Treblinka. The melody should be so soulful, so powerful, so immediat arresting that at first audition it will burn itself indelibly into the memory of all who hear it. 78 Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.79