1) 353) dialog: Sitting together at the back, wearing skullcaps for respe but as out of place as Hottentots at a Greek wedding. The attracting curious looks from the regular congregation (t being the synagogue Dovidl regularly attends), none of wh have seen them here before. CAMERA FINDS ENID, alone in the women’s section, even mor isolated. 35 36 Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.39
1) 823) dialog: waiting out the last minutes backstage. Martin, like his father before him, is in a state of mounting anxiety verg on panic. Helen seems almost to be relishing what is look increasingly like another Dovidl no-show.
1) 846) dialog: They exchange a look. Uh-oh. And now, for the first time, we’ll hear David Eli Rapopor solo violin version of The Song of Names, composed in 195 London in fidelity to his vow: a complex, exquisitely harmonized arrangement of the simple sung melody that cha his life. It should be at once unbearably soulful, immediately memorable and technically stunning; a masterwork of nuanc and colour and shadow; a description in music of a People suffering, delivered via the ear to the blood. At first we’ll hear only the single voice of the Gagliano playing the original sung melody... INT. WARSAW ASYLUM. DAY (S’53) 93 .--and then a second violin enters in harmony - playing a variation on the melody - as we see DOVIDL (23) play The of Names for JOZEF WECHSLER (32 here but looking fifty). Outside the room Anna can be seen listening to Dovidl’s playing. EXT. TREBLINKA. DAY (S’53) 94 Yet another variation as the voice of a third violin join the other two while Dovidl “plays for the ashes” in the barren field that covers his family’s bones. IN SHOT, in the background, by the original railway track yet devoid of symbolic representation, Anna waits in her [not the Polski; probably a Trabant]. 95 96 97 Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.93 INT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE (SYNAGOGUE). DAY (S’51) 95 Finally the trio of violins come together, now heard to c accompaniment as they merge into a single piece, in perfe harmony with the sung melody in the Stoke Newington synagogue. Here we reprise the scene of Dovidl’s epiphany - the Youn Rebbe chanting the names to the same melody, the congrega responding. INT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (A’86) 96