50) 0) text: A large room dominated by an animated MAP OF THE WORLD. Lights at various locations blink and flash.  Above the m are a large Sign saying "Here Today, Gone Tomorrow" and t huge digital Clocks -- one keeping time, the other a countdown clock for that day's package sort at the SuperH The operations team of FedEx sits around a large table. has on a headset.  BECCA TWIGG, the business-like senior president of Operations, addresses questions to a man -- COLIN PARKER-BOWLES, the European operations manager -- o LARGE TV SCREEN in front of her.  "London" is superimpose the screen.
50) 1) dialog: So why was Milan late, Colin?
50) 3) dialog: Stan, can we get P&amp;A down to work with Milan customs?
50) 5) dialog: Good.  And let's look at our live animal policy.  I don't think the income stream justifies delaying IP product, especially at Christmas. Colin disappears.  A red light goes on.  Becca pushes a button.  Another face comes on the screen.  "Oakland" app under the face.
50) 6) dialog: Stand by, Benson, we're still wrapping up foreign. She turns pointedly to Chuck.
50) 7) dialog: Chuck, thanks for joining us.  Status? Chuck swallows nervously, tries to talk matter-of-factly.
50) 10) dialog: Shouldn't you have brought in someone from Memphis?  Russia is priority one.
266) 0) text: The MD-11 taxis up.  As usual, the SuperHub is a frenzy o activity.  A loading crew stands ready, forklifts poised. Even this plane carries packages. PHIL STEELE, the chairman of FedEx, Leslie, Becca, Dick, other executives wait on a special podium near the gangwa Everyone looks different -- older, a mustache here, a thickening around the belly there. Behind a barrier a cluster of cameras film the scene. The plane cuts its engine.  The stairs are rolled out. Forklifts and gangways move forward.  Cargo doors open. Chuck appears in the door.  He holds the FedEx Package an small travel bag. Chuck blinks against the lights and the glare.  Stan is r by him.  Everyone bursts into APPLAUSE AND CHEERING. After four years of total solitude this is completely overwhelming.