290) 0) text: A classic beach house.  Sand dunes, stilts.  Carrying the Angel Wing Box under his arm, Chuck checks the address in hand.  Mounts the steps.  A light mist falls.  You can se the Gulf behind the house, gray and moody. A WOMAN, BETTINA, answers the door -- THE woman from the beginning.  She wears cut-off jeans and a blue work shirt covered with paint.  There's a tattoo on her ankle.
290) 2) dialog: Where did you get that? Chuck displays a FedEx badge.
290) 4) dialog: You came on a bicycle?  No wonder it's so late.
290) 6) dialog: Well, I have to say, I'm impressed.  You never gave up.
290) 8) dialog: You know what happened to this?
290) 10) dialog: Want to come in?  Get dry for a minute.
291) 0) text: Ladders.  Scaffolds.  Huge paintings are everywhere. Paintings of wings and angels -- like the package.  Chuck stares at them.  Bettina watches Chuck stare.
291) 1) dialog: I've got some coffee on.  Would you like some?
292) 0) text: Bettina pours some coffee.  The package sits in the count Some magazines are spread around, including a People Maga with Chuck's photograph on the cover.
292) 2) dialog: Hmmm.  Feels like it might have gotten wet.
292) 4) dialog: Yeah.  A long time ago.
292) 6) dialog: Oh?  You've tried?
292) 9) dialog: He was a sorry sonofabitch, and I'm sorry I ever married him. There is a moment where neither knows what to say.
292) 10) dialog: You look familiar. Her eyes start to register recognition.  She glances at t magazine with Chuck's picture on it.  She picks it up.
292) 11) dialog: I can't believe this.  I -- I -- They are... You're a gifted artist.  You're into something very powerful.  Primal. Truly.
292) 13) dialog: You are.  Yes you are. (so many things she wants to say) What gave you the idea to paint on that cave? Chuck thinks about that.  After a moment, he grins.
292) 15) dialog: Do you...have any more packages to deliver?
292) 17) dialog: Just sit here, I'll get us some lunch. Chuck sits back on the couch, taking in the sight of the ocean in the light rain.  He looks over at all the canvas the easel, the palettes.  The wind rustles the palm trees around the house.  The surf crashes and rustles.  Familia sounds.  Island sounds. He relaxes a little.  Maybe the package with the wings wa sign, he kept it all these years precisely for this.  The there's a sound of a truck in the driveway. The engine cuts off.  There are steps on the porch.  The opens.  A tanned muscular MAN in neatly kept work clothes comes in, hangs a tool belt on a hook by the door. He looks at Chuck with a relaxed, even stare, as if seein man in a FedEx uniform sitting on his couch is not an unu occurrence.
292) 20) dialog: In here! The Man nods at Chuck, goes into the kitchen.  We are on Chuck's face.  Who's this?  We hear muffled laughter from inside.
293) 3) dialog: The list of paints and brushes I did for you. He takes it, not exactly sure he wants it.
293) 4) dialog: Keep painting.  Promise me.