16) 0) text: CHUCK NOLAND, early thirties, walks along a line of brigh colored jitneys, each bearing the FedEx logo.  With him i Filipino FedEx SUPERVISOR wearing a guayabera.  Chuck glistens with a thin layer of sweat.
16) 1) dialog: My guess is we're talking fuel filters here, Fernando.  The gas is dirty, these jitneys get in the mountains, their engines cut out.
16) 3) dialog: Easy.  Each way. His beeper goes off.
17) 0) text: Chuck is on the phone.
17) 1) dialog: So it finally turned up... Chuck hesitates for a moment, then looks at his watch.
17) 2) dialog: I'll catch the sweep tonight.
18) 0) text: Strapped into the jump seat behind the pilots, Chuck slee with a mask over his eyes.  On his lap are some travel brochures.  We see sailboats, we see the Florida keys.
19) 0) text: Christmas in Russia.  Snow everywhere.  Brightly colored lights.  Chucks gets out of a Volga with Aleksei.  He has bag over his shoulder, the dented package under one arm.
20) 0) text: The staff has assembled near the loading dock.  Yuri the station manager stands in front, occasionally catching th eye of the attractive woman.  Chuck displays the FedEx bo
20) 1) dialog: It took this test package thirty-two hours to get from Seattle to St. Petersburg, a distance of nine thousand miles.  And then it took forty-one hours to get from our warehouse in St. Petersburg to here, a distance of, what --
20) 3) dialog: So how are we going to get this place shaped up? There's a muttered chorus of answers.
20) 4) dialog: There's only one way.  We have to work together.  Every one of us depends on everyone else.  If one package is late, we are all late.  If one truck misses the deadline, we all miss the deadline. Let's start by taking a look around. Chuck leads his team through the sorting area.  Yuri sque right next to him, ostentatiously carrying a clipboard. Chuck stops.
20) 5) dialog: Here, this table is too far from the wall.  Packages can slip down...like... (pulls out a package from behind a table) ...this. He hefts the package, as if trying to guess what's inside
20) 6) dialog: What could be in here?  Let's say one of you sent it.  Could be the closing papers on your dacha, could be a toy for your grandson's birthday, could be a kidney to keep your mother alive.  I don't think you want your mother's kidney to end up behind a table. The Sorter shoves the table against the wall.  Yuri says something to the Translator.
20) 9) dialog: Kamal?  Right.  I'm getting them. He pulls out a set of blueprints and tacks them to a bull board as he talks.
20) 10) dialog: I'm looking at the blueprints of K.L. right now.  The belts are too small for the sorters.  Yeah, sometimes you never see what's right in front of your face. Look, it's -- Chuck keeps an eye on what is going on in the warehouse. Then he notices something over by one of the trucks.
20) 11) dialog: (to a loader) Hold it!  Hazardous material needs its own container! (back on the phone) -- three in the afternoon there, right? That gives you five hours until the sweep comes through.  Do the sort by hand tonight, then put in a new feeder belt, say a twenty-four incher.  Yes, overtime is authorized. He hangs up the phone.  He turns to the crew.
20) 12) dialog: I'm going out on every route, I'm going to work every job here, until I know enough to help you.  That's it. The crew disperses back to work.  Chuck and Aleksei walk toward the office.  They've done this before.  Chuck lets corner of his command persona slip.
20) 14) dialog: Worse than Warsaw.
20) 16) dialog: The failures they remember.  It's the successes they forget.
21) 0) text: A FedEx truck pulls out of the FedEx office.  Chuck is inside.  He notices the graffiti on the walls.
22) 0) text: Chuck rides next to LEV, the driver, a serious sort.  The Translator squats on some boxes between them, trying to k his balance.
22) 1) dialog: You sorted your packages before you left. None of the other drivers did. The Translator and Lev exchange a few words.
22) 3) dialog: So how come the other drivers haven't left yet? The Translator asks Lev, who looks at him as if he is cra then snorts an answer.  The Translator blushes.
22) 5) dialog: Tell me exactly what he said.
22) 8) dialog: Lev -- it's Lev, right?  Listen, this is FedEx.  We don't have to accept the way it is.
23) 0) text: A weary Chuck enters the hotel.  In the sky above him we the Northern Lights.  He doesn't even look up.
24) 0) text: Chuck is watching CNN on the television, working his PowerBook, and holding the phone.
24) 1) dialog: No, keep trying.  A circuit's bound to open up. He hangs up.
24) 2) dialog: (to himself) Those damn Northern Lights. Just then the lights go off.  For a moment everything is darkness.  Then a small light switches on.  Chuck has a headlamp on. He gets up, heads into the bathroom.  We stay in the bedr After only a moment, the light reemerges.  It heads over his bag.  We go with it. Chuck takes out a roll of toilet paper.  The guy is prepa for anything.  He goes into the bathroom, closes the door The lights come back on just as the phone rings. We hear scuffling sounds on the other side of the door. Chuck charges out, holding up his pants. Grabs the phone.
24) 3) dialog: Hello?  Great.  Try it. He waits.  We hear an ANSWERING MACHINE.
24) 5) dialog: Kelly, damn, look, this is Chuck.  I'm going to be a little late.  Well, more than a little.  I had to go to Russia. Couldn't be helped.  Could you call and cancel the trip?  Look, we'll sail the Keys in March.  It's better then anyway. I'll be back before Christmas.  I promise.  I think.  I mean, I will.  I, uh -- He's stumbling over whether to say I love you.
24) 6) dialog: I miss you. He gently hangs up the phone.
25) 0) text: A surprised Yuri stands with the attractive assistant as Chuck takes his clipboard away. An even more surprised Lev stands by his truck as Chuck h the clipboard to him. Chuck and the loaders clean off the graffiti. Working alongside the sorters as the packages come in, Ch points out how to organize the inflow. Chuck and Lev go over large maps of St. Petersburg with t drivers.
26) 0) text: A big semi is being loaded with outgoing packages for the airport run.  Aleksei, Chuck, Lev and the office executiv watch as containers are rolled on.
26) 2) dialog: Only one still left?
26) 5) dialog: (to Aleksei) Give it five minutes.
28) 0) text: The last truck enters and loading dock.  A few loaders mo toward it.  The executives all stand and watch.  But not Chuck.  He's hands on.
28) 1) dialog: Let's go. He heads toward the truck and begins pulling off packages All the other executives follow him.
29) 0) text: Led by Chuck, who works like a man possessed, they sort t packages.
29) 1) dialog: That's Bermuda.  Bermuda is in the Memphis thru container.  No, Azores is Europe. He gestures at a closed container.
29) 2) dialog: The Paris container.  Africa too.  Japan goes to Memphis. Chuck is everywhere, setting the example.  The whole offi is energized, working together.
30) 0) text: They load the last container on the waiting truck.  Chuck pounds the truck on the side.  Go. The truck roars out of the loading dock. Everyone takes a breath.  They are happy, proud.
30) 2) dialog: Great job, everyone.  Remember, work together.  We are like a hand... They've heard this before.  Lev holds up his hand just be Chuck does.
30) 4) dialog: You got it.
31) 0) text: A FedEx MD-11 is being loaded with huge containers of freight.  Chuck goes up the gangway next to the forklifts
32) 0) text: The pilots -- JACK and GWEN -- are going down their check lists.  Chuck sticks his head in the cockpit.
32) 1) dialog: I absolutely, positively, have to get to Memphis overnight.
32) 3) dialog: Jack -- gotta be something wrong with our physicals, you keep getting certified to fly.  Gwen, aren't you worried?
32) 5) dialog: We're on time, right?
32) 7) dialog: Little present from the emerging republics. Another FedEx Road Warrior named STAN gets on.  He and Ch are obviously old hands at this.
32) 8) dialog: What connects the world?  What makes it one? (they ignore him) We do.  FedEx.
32) 11) dialog: Borrowed.  I borrowed it. The two of them strap in.
32) 13) dialog: Great.  Terrific.  The good guys won one for a change. He's finished a tough job.  He's relaxed and on his way h But Stan's his boss, and Stan's got bad news.
32) 15) dialog: You what?
32) 17) dialog: I checked the weather, you had the jet stream, you could have made it up.
32) 19) dialog: Jesus.  I got it working... You have no idea how hard it was... They're finally a team...
32) 21) dialog: You fucked us over.
32) 23) dialog: I was making a point.
32) 25) dialog: Every person counts, every package counts, that's my point.
32) 27) dialog: Baloney.  I do see the damn "big picture."
34) 0) text: Chuck is focused on his PowerBook with the screen away fr us, Stan is doing tai chi amidst the FedEx containers.  I feels a little surreal, all those containers surrounding them. Stan comes over, looks at the image on the computer.  It' sailboat with some technical specifications under it.
34) 2) dialog: It's a ketch Kelly and I had chartered.
34) 4) dialog: And never take.
34) 6) dialog: Forget it.
34) 8) dialog: I'm from Arkansas.  Tell me a story with Robert E. Lee in it and maybe I'll pay attention.
34) 10) dialog: That's why you're a gambling man.
34) 12) dialog: For the third time.
34) 14) dialog: You are one sick fucker.
34) 16) dialog: This was nothing like Warsaw.  I held the truck then minutes, it's not that big a deal. But apparently it is.
34) 18) dialog: A hundred rubles St. Petersburg hits 95 percent in a month.
34) 20) dialog: Talk is cheap.  Are we on or not?
34) 22) dialog: Let's go off-line. They both take out their Valium -- the price they pay for being such road warriors.
34) 23) dialog: Two Valium... Stan puts on his Walkman.
36) 0) text: Stan stands smiling over Chuck.
37) 0) text: Chuck walks through the extraordinary nexus of speeding packages that intersect in intricate paths above and arou him.  This is the beating center of the FedEx world, the crossroads, the deep core where everything connects.  In still-drugged state it all seems weirdly psychedelic.  A Christmas tree goes by, then a huge plastic Santa Claus, with shipping labels.
38) 0) text: Chuck's car pulls into the driveway of a small cottage in older Memphis neighborhood.  The radio is playing the new
39) 0) text: Chuck drops his briefcase and his bag.  The place is a ju of clothes, papers, books, etc.  In the living room is a of tropical fish.  The water looks a little green.  No bubbles are coming from the filter. Uh oh. Chuck walks to the tank.  He tightens a piece of tape tha holds the power cord onto the filter, taps the filter wit his finger, once, twice...the bubbles start again.
39) 1) dialog: Damn thing. But for a couple of fish floating on top of the tank it's late. Chuck gets out his scoop and slowly skims them off.
39) 2) dialog: Sorry, I'm really sorry.
40) 0) text: Chuck digs a small hole in the back yard with a large kit spoon. Drops the dead fish in. Fills the hole.
41) 0) text: The CD is playing.  Chuck lies in bed, switches on the TV This is no good.  He doesn't care how late it is, he's go to find Kelly.
42) 0) text: Chuck drives in his car through the streets of Memphis.
43) 0) text: Chuck pulls up to a lab building at Memphis State.
44) 0) text: Two doctoral candidates are playing Doom on their compute when Chuck walks in.
44) 1) dialog: You seen Kelly Frears? One of them gestures toward a door.
45) 0) text: Chuck makes his way in the semi-darkness past rack after of specimens in bottles. Ahead of him we see the flashing green light of a Xerox machine.
46) 2) dialog: Hey, be nice to it, it'll be nice to you. Surprised, Kelly turns to greet Chuck.
46) 5) dialog: You smell like formaldehyde. Kelly looks over at the Xerox.
46) 7) dialog: Let's take a look. He lifts up the cover.
46) 9) dialog: Cold.
46) 11) dialog: I thought I did. He pries up one feeder, then another.
46) 12) dialog: Got to follow the paper path here.
46) 14) dialog: Used to you could fix these yourself. She pulls him out of the machine.  He has toner on his fingers.
46) 16) dialog: What do you want me to say?  That I thought I'd done a great job but it all turned to shit?  That I might as well have gone sailing for all the good I did?
46) 19) dialog: And I can't fix this damn machine. She looks at him.
47) 2) dialog: That's carcinogenic. She ignores that, stays with the fantasy.
47) 5) dialog: On the other hand we could not take a swim... They squiggle themselves onto the desk.
49) 0) text: A nondescript office park near the airport.  No sign. Chuck's car screeches into the parking lot.  He jumps out glances at this watch, and heads for the building at a ru
50) 8) dialog: Becca, as you know St. Petersburg was consistently running late by six to ten hours -- sometimes a full day or more.  I replaced the station manager.  We identified inefficiencies and worked out a quality improvement plan I believe can be met.
50) 13) dialog: Jim's a terrific financial man, no question.  But we can't always parachute in from Memphis.  We've got to build up our local staff.
50) 15) dialog: We're building a new team here.  We got every package on the truck for the first time ever.  Success is the best teacher.
51) 0) text: Chuck lugs a big package up to the door, knocks on it.  K opens the door.
51) 2) dialog: Not if you work for FedEx.
52) 0) text: Chuck enters as they keep talking.  Her house is cozy but also where she works.  There's a computer, specimen jars, some terrariums with frogs inside.  A Christmas tree with packages under it.
52) 2) dialog: Four four.  A record.
52) 4) dialog: Ah, the staff meeting could have gone better.
52) 6) dialog: One of those packages just moved. The package turns over, something darts out.  It's a pupp with a bow around its neck.
52) 8) dialog: Hey, look at you.
52) 10) dialog: He is a cute thing.
52) 12) dialog: I can't even keep fish alive.
52) 14) dialog: And for you -- Chuck hands over his present.
52) 16) dialog: You know, for when you travel.
52) 19) dialog: I wasn't sending a message.  I though you'd like it. Chuck's beeper goes off.
52) 21) dialog: I have to go.  I'm on call for overflow down at the Hub.
52) 23) dialog: You did? She nods.  What to do?
52) 24) dialog: Look, I love the puppy.  I love you.  But I have to go.
52) 26) dialog: I have to.
52) 28) dialog: What should we call him?  Or is it her? How about Jango? Kelly is having one of those moments when everything come clear.
52) 30) dialog: We're a little emotional here.  It's Christmas, maybe we're over-reacting.
52) 32) dialog: Could you watch Jango?
52) 34) dialog: I can't take him to work. He hands her the puppy.
52) 35) dialog: We'll talk about it when I come back. It'll all be fine.  Really. This is not a happy woman he is leaving behind.
53) 0) text: It's dark now.  Chuck returns.  The stars are putting on amazing show, but he doesn't notice as he heads for the d
54) 0) text: Chuck enters.  The tree and the presents under it are gon
54) 1) dialog: Kelly?  Kelly? No answer, nothing but the sound of Jango, who begins yel in the kitchen.
55) 0) text: Chuck picks up Jango, who is barricaded in the kitchen wi some food, some water, and some wet newspapers.
55) 1) dialog: There.  There.  Easy now.
56) 0) text: Holding Jango, Chuck walks out into the back yard.
56) 1) dialog: Kelly? A fire still smolders.  The packages have burned.  The tr is a blackened mess. Chuck stares at it.
57) 0) text: Chuck gets into his car, puts Jango on the front seat nex him.  Pulls out of the driveway.
58) 0) text: Chuck is in his car, with the dog on his lap.
59) 0) text: Chuck's car drives up to a typical Arkansas farm house. MOM is setting some Christmas tree lights around the door Chuck gets out of the car.  There's a large wet spot on t front of his pants.
59) 2) dialog: Mom, meet Jango. Chuck displays the puppy.
60) 0) text: Chuck works on an old tractor in the shed.  Some small le appear in his vision, then a small face.  This is AMANDA, niece.
61) 0) text: Around the table are Chuck's brother ROGER, his wife MARY Amanda, and her TWO BROTHERS.  Mom brings in the turkey, places it on the table, sits down.  They all hold hands a bow their heads.
61) 2) dialog: Bless us O Lord, and these thy gifts, which we are about to receive, from thou bounty, through Christ the Lord.  Amen.
63) 2) dialog: Great.
63) 4) dialog: So did I.
63) 6) dialog: It's nothing you did, Mom, believe me.
63) 11) dialog: Look, I help take care of the place.  You got my check, didn't you Mom?
63) 15) dialog: Come on Roger, this is dad all over again.  You already did beefalo, chinchillas, and what was that, ostrich? They chased Mom around the yard, sprained her hip. Mom goes to the freezer and takes out some frozen strawberries.
63) 18) dialog: But chickens?
63) 20) dialog: True enough.  No sacred chickens nowhere, so far as I know.
63) 22) dialog: Really?
63) 24) dialog: Just don't count 'em before they hatch. Roger grins at him.  This is just how they are.
63) 28) dialog: Mom, this is a farm.  We've got real strawberries growing outside, we've got real cream.
64) 0) text: Chuck fixes the drain pipe while Mom prunes the rose bush around the porch.
64) 1) dialog: Maybe I should take a few days off. Roger's working now, you could use some help around here...
64) 3) dialog: The place is falling apart.
64) 5) dialog: Doing great, Mom, don't worry about me.
64) 7) dialog: Come on inside, Mom.  You've had a long day.
65) 0) text: In his boyhood room, we see Chuck's laptop, which is hook up to the internet FedEx homepage.  All around him are mo of boats and planes, maps, pictures of far-off places.  T room of a boy who always fantasized about getting away. Chuck is beside it, slumped down on the desk.  Asleep.
66) 0) text: His mom waves to him as Chuck drives away.
67) 0) text: Chuck enters his office, on the go.  His assistant LESLIE waiting for him.
67) 1) dialog: I need the latest PDRs on St. Petersburg.
67) 3) dialog: Terrific.  Yours? She nods, used to this.
67) 4) dialog: And get me in to the dentist.  My tooth's acting up. Stan enters.
67) 6) dialog: Right. (to Leslie) Get me everything on Indonesia, New Guinea, all the way to Australia.
68) 0) text: Chuck, Leslie, Stan and another executive from the meetin named DICK are gathered around the TV screen.  A squawk b is on the table.
68) 1) dialog: Kamal?  Kamal?  Can you hear us? The box squawks.  The TV screen rolls an imperfect image.
68) 4) dialog: Kamal, you're breaking up.  Can you hear us?
68) 6) dialog: Who is this?  Where is Kamal?
68) 8) dialog: What's going on down there?
68) 10) dialog: Who's in charge then, where is Chinn? The squawk box hums and crackles.  Nothing.  Chuck turns the Technician.
68) 13) dialog: When's the next Jumbo?
68) 15) dialog: Anything else?
68) 18) dialog: Call Operations.  Get me on it. And Stan is impressed.
69) 0) text: Chuck leaves with his bag over his shoulder and the puppy under his arm.
70) 0) text: Kelly opens the door.  Chuck is there with the puppy.
70) 2) dialog: It's our dog.  It belongs to us.
70) 4) dialog: Yes there is. Kelly can't stay mad.
70) 6) dialog: No, it was great.  Maybe a little overkill --
70) 9) dialog: I guess I hadn't thought through how I felt.
70) 11) dialog: Look, we'll do our trip as soon as I get back.
70) 14) dialog: Malaysia.  They're holding the sweep. She stares at him for a long moment, then at the puppy.
70) 17) dialog: A week, max.  Okay?  Okay?
71) 0) text: Chuck enters the cockpit, where two different pilots are going through their checklists.  Chuck repeats his famili patter.
71) 1) dialog: Al -- gotta be something wrong with our physicals, you keep getting certified to fly.  John, aren't you worried?
71) 3) dialog: You're on your way home, Al? Al has an Australian accent.
71) 5) dialog: We're on time, right?
72) 0) text: Settled into the jump seat, Chuck finishes up his notes o his PowerBook and begins his flight ritual. He puts in his ear plugs and takes out his Valium.  He swallows one, then thinks, and swallows two more.  Then h turns on his Walkman to the Rolling Stones, puts the mask over his eyes, and, as usual, goes to sleep.
73) 0) text: The plane is SHAKING badly.  HEAR frantic, garbled radio talk.  Chuck stirs, struggles to his feet, drowsy and drugged.
74) 0) text: Everything is hazy, out of focus, as it was in his earlie drugged condition.  But this is real haze.  SMOKE.  And t cabin also TWISTS and TILTS. Chuck tries to steady himself against the wall.  This is nightmarish.  Is this really happening?
76) 0) text: Chuck struggles to put on his life jacket.  The plane is VIBRATING VIOLENTLY.  He can't get the straps straight. is KNOCKED against one wall, then another, then to the fl Chuck tries to blow on the mouth tubes for his life jacke Can't do it!  Puff.  Puff.  Shit!  John motions frantical for Chuck to pull on the automatic inflators on his jacke Chuck fumbles for them. Huge palettes shift and groan, one BREAKS FREE, banging violently against the side of the plane, spilling out its boxes.  Then it swings and KNOCKS Chuck on the head!  He down!
79) 0) text: Chuck is semi-conscious and bleeding from the head.  John pulls the inflators on Chuck's life jacket, which fills w a WHOOSH!, sending Chuck's arms out to the sides.  Al struggles with the LIFE RAFT.  It's all blurred, frantic, terrifying.
83) 0) text: A life raft is tossed on dark, storm-driven seas.  Inside semi-conscious, Chuck hangs on.
85) 0) text: The storm has ended.  Waves lap gently on a beach cut lik scallop out of a rocky shore.  On the beach we see scatte FEDEX BOXES.  And we see, face-down, half-buried in sand, MAN IN A SUIT and a life jacket. Chuck. The tide gently rocks him, laps at his face.  He chokes. Slowly he gets to his knees.  Vomits seawater, big heaves He rolls over, sits down.  Dazed.  Still confused.  Where I?  What happened? Chuck's first instinct is to check the time.  He looks at watch, taps it in frustration. Then he looks around, and we look with him.
86) 0) text: Chuck walks down the beach, picking up FedEx packages, leaving a trail of footprints in the sand.  Ahead of him notice a package decorated with ANGEL WINGS.
87) 0) text: Chuck has made a neat stack of FedEx boxes under some pal trees at the rim of the beach.  He examines the Angel Win drawing with passing curiosity, then puts it on the stack Chuck takes off his life jacket, sits down in the shade, makes himself comfortable, and waits.
88) 0) text: Chuck is still waiting.  He's a systems man, and the syst isn't working.
88) 1) dialog: All right, guys.  I'm here.  Check the GPS, get moving.
89) 0) text: The full moon shines a ghostly light on the beach.  Trees cast moon-shadows on the sand.  Chuck seems very, very al We HEAR from the dark thickets a STRANGE NOISE.  Rustling the leaves.  Something crashing in the trees, or is it a wave?  A jolt of adrenaline courses through Chuck's body. lurches to his feet. We HEAR the noises again.  Chuck edges toward the rocks a the barb of the hook.  Keeping his eye on the thicket, he bends down and picks up a stone.  His first weapon. In the rocks he finds a piece of driftwood.  He picks it in his other hand.  He backs between two rocks and stands facing the thicket, every sense alert.  A cloud passes ov the moon.  The shadow streaks across Chuck's anxious face
90) 0) text: The morning TIDE is coming in.  We follow the tide as it amidst the rocks and finds Chuck, staring out to sea.  Th empty sea.
90) 1) dialog: Where the fuck are you? But now he is really thirsty.  We WALK with Chuck up the beach. Beneath the palms he sees a couple of coconuts.  He picks of them up and studies it.  It's heavy, almost the size o volleyball.  How to get in it? He throws it down on a rock.  The coconut just bounces of He wedges the coconut between two rocks, then throws a ro down on it.  It bounces off.  He throws down a bigger roc It smashes on the rocks and chips.  Chuck picks up the ro OW!  Where the rock had chipped the edge is sharp.  It cu him.
90) 2) dialog: Sonofabitch. The blood stains the rock a bright red.  Chuck sucks on h finger, then he gets an idea -- the same idea primitive m first got when he discovered stone tools. He picks up the rock, test the edge.  Sharp -- really sha He throws another rock down, but it doesn't break.  He pi up another rock and strikes the first one.  Then again, harder.  And again.  A large flake shoots off.  This edge even sharper. He has a knife.
90) 4) dialog: That was smart, really smart. Rotating a nut along its axis and carefully moving his fingers out of the way, he SMASHES the nut again.  The sh splits!  The precious liquid splashes out.  Left inside i swallow or two, which Chuck laps up eagerly.  The milky w liquid dribbles down his face.
90) 5) dialog: Ahhh.
91) 0) text: Chuck squints at the ocean.  His sunburn is bad -- his li are cracked.  A stack of broken coconut shells is beside No one's there -- again.
91) 1) dialog: Maybe the GPS malfunctioned.  That Korean airliner did. Clouds scud in front of the sun.  Beyond the reef the wav are high and churning.  Chuck can see them pound onto the reef.
91) 2) dialog: Okay, do the math.  Maybe they know where you are within, say 500 miles.  That's a circle with an area of, uh, pi r squared. So, uh, 250,000 times three point one four, that's about 800,000 square miles. Three times the size of Texas. This sinks in.  Then Chuck gets an idea.
91) 3) dialog: They could use a satellite. But even that doesn't give him much hope.
91) 4) dialog: Say each satellite photo is 30 feet square, that's uh...fuck it...billions and billions of photos. That sinks in.
91) 5) dialog: Aw, someone will come.
92) 0) text: Chuck sleeps by the coconuts.  The tide is coming in.  Ch stirs, gets up, staggers over to a palm tree to relieve himself. He stares idly out at the moonlight on the waves.  Then n so idly.  Something's out there, something floating on th tide.
92) 1) dialog: What the hell?
93) 0) text: Chuck splashes into the gentle surf, reaches the dark obj It's a body.  Chuck turns it over.  It's Al, one of the pilots, his face gray and waterlogged and very dead.
93) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus.
94) 0) text: Chuck drags the body up on the beach and then collapses, exhausted.  He sits by it, staring at it.
94) 1) dialog: I'm so sorry, Al.  So sorry.
95) 0) text: Chuck has almost finished a grave in the sand back of the palm trees.  He's been digging with a piece of driftwood sharpened with his stone knife. He drags the body into the pit.  Stares down at it.  That could be me.
95) 1) dialog: Got to cover Al up. He wants to say more, can't.  He scoops some sand over th body.
95) 2) dialog: Got to cover Al up. He scoops in some more sand.  It's eerily like burying th tropical fish in his back yard.
96) 0) text: With a rock Chuck hammers a crude driftwood marker into t sand.
97) 0) text: As Chuck sits on the beach, he half-sings, half-talks "Ye Submarine" very quietly to himself.
97) 1) dialog: We all live in a yellow submarine, yellow submarine... He looks over at the deep woods and down to the rocky poi Comes to a decision.  He takes a drink of coconut, picks his club and a coconut, sticks the stone knife in his pan He's ready to go.
98) 0) text: Chuck climbs over the rocks and disappears out of sight. He's still half-singing to himself.
98) 1) dialog: Yellow submarine.  We all live in a yellow submarine...
99) 0) text: Chuck's way is blocked by rocks and jungle.  He hesitates He picks up a rock and THROWS IT to scare away all those things.  It crashes into the ferns and palm trees.  He ta a step into the jungle.
100) 0) text: Chuck struggles through a dense thicket beneath a jungle canopy.  Vines and creepers reach out toward him.  There no path, nothing to show him where to go.
101) 0) text: Chuck climbs through a tangle of vines and ferns.  He tak drink from the coconut he is carrying.  The last drink.
101) 1) dialog: Bad idea.  Should have saved some. He throws away the husk.  He looks up, but the only sunli reaching him is dappled from the canopy above him.
102) 0) text: Chuck emerges onto a ridge that leads to a summit.  He cl across a rocky lava field covered with scrub lichen and l ferns, soil dark as coffee beans, his way crossed by stee gullies that cut like dark fingers into the lava. The lava field narrows, forcing Chuck closer to the sea. passes a series of CAVES, their mouths dark and mysteriou and scary.  He gives them a wide berth.
103) 0) text: The land narrows to a ledge that stretches across a high cliff perched over the ocean.  Beyond this rock bridge th path smoothes out to a summit. Chuck stares at the narrow bridge, then down at the waves breaking on the rocks far below.  To get any view, he wil have to cross the bridge.  He's thirsty.  The late aftern sun is hot.
103) 1) dialog: Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play? Hugging the wall of the cliff, taking each step with grea caution, he sets out across the bridge.
104) 0) text: Step by step, Chuck negotiates the narrow bridge.  He rea a flume of polished basalt which cuts across the ledge li slide in a water park -- except this flume ends high abov the waves.  Chuck tries to step across it, can't quite, t one foot first, then the other.
104) 1) dialog: Shit! He looks back, but that seems even scarier.
104) 2) dialog: Got to get there.  Got to see.  C'mon... c'mon.  Don't be such a wuss.  Be bold. He looks down at the ocean beneath him, closes his eyes, jumps.  It's only a few feet, but he's breathing hard whe lands on the other side.  He hugs the rocks, getting his breath.
105) 0) text: Chuck looks to each point on the compass.  He is on an ISLAND, small, inhospitable, without sign of habitation o anything human.  On three sides the waves break against steep, hostile cliffs.  A reef encloses the cove where he came from.
105) 1) dialog: No way on.  No way off. Chuck stares out to sea in every direction.  Nothing.
105) 2) dialog: This is bad.  Really, really bad. The last rays of sun hit his face.  The ocean turns a dee reddish gold.
106) 0) text: Going down is even scarier.  It's dusk and the light is f and gray.  Chuck stares at the ledge.
106) 1) dialog: Come on.  Crawl if you have to. Chuck crawls on his hands and knees across the rock bridg
107) 0) text: Chuck stumbles over the rocks.  The caves look ominous an primal.
108) 0) text: It's getting dark now.  The jungle seems impenetrable, th dark wood of fable.  Chuck hesitates, then plunges into i
109) 0) text: The moon has just begun to rise, casting eerie light into jungle.  The shadows reach out to grab Chuck, then real branches and vines tug at him.  He heads into thick blackness.
110) 0) text: Chuck emerges around the rocks.  He reaches the stack of familiar FedEx boxes -- Ahh, home!  He's breathing hard, both fear and exertion.
110) 1) dialog: Got to drink.  Got to drink something. With his last strength he opens a coconut on the stick. bangs hard on the shell and gulps down the milk.  He star at the stack of FedEx boxes.  What could be inside?  He reaches out and touches one.
110) 2) dialog: They don't belong to you. Responsibility gets the better of necessity, and he takes hand away.
111) 0) text: Face red from the sun, Chuck hacks at a palm frond with h stone knife.  He saws the palm frond off near the base, leaving it about a foot long.
111) 1) dialog: Got to have shade.  Got to have a hat. He ties the loose fibers into a sort of circle, then sets upon his head.  It looks amazingly like some sort of primitive cap. He grabs a couple of FedEx boxes and heads for the beach.
112) 0) text: Chuck finishes the P on H E L P, which he has spelled out with the FedEx boxes on the beach.
113) 0) text: Chuck scrambles down a ravine.  He kneels down and feels ground.  It is dry, completely dry.
114) 0) text: Chuck traverses the slope, determined to find water.
114) 2) dialog: Oh, God.  Thank you.
115) 0) text: Chuck lies in darkness, his eyes reflecting the moon.
116) 0) text: Chuck is drenched in sweat.  He is at the bottom of a hol six feet deep.  He takes one last dig with the flat stick then licks the moist clay that sticks to it.
117) 0) text: Chuck breaks open another coconut and gulps down the milk liquid.  With a stone knife he digs in the shell for some the meat, but it's dry and chewy and fibrous.  He spits i out, then lies back on the sand and stares at the first stars.  Half sings to himself.
117) 1) dialog: You deserve a break today... He is desperately thirsty.  Hunger gnaws at him.
118) 0) text: Holding a sharpened stick, Chuck wades in the shallows at tide, looking for fish.  It's difficult to keep his balan Suddenly a shadow flashes by, glinting in the morning sunlight.  Chuck hurls the spear, which ricochets off the water and floats away. Chuck plunges into the water after the fish with his bare hands.  The fish reverses direction.  Chuck leaps after i and goes under.  He comes up spluttering, on his hands an knees in the shallows. Suddenly a whole school of fish swims by him, moving in unison, like one creature, splitting around Chuck like mercury.  He grabs at them desperately.  Nothing.
118) 1) dialog: Damn fish! On some rocks he sees clusters of limpets.  He takes a ro and tries to dislodge one, but it smashes into a soggy me
119) 0) text: Discouraged, he sits down on the beach and gets his breat Idly, Chuck takes out his wallet.  The money is soaked. lays it out to dry.  He finds a PHOTOGRAPH OF KELLY, soak and mushy. He tries to smooth it out.  For a moment he is overcome. face tightens, his eyes get moist.  He stares out to sea.
119) 1) dialog: Wait a minute.  Wait just a minute. He picks up his wallet again and takes out a credit card.
120) 0) text: Chuck wades in the water, stops by a rock covered with limpets.  He uses a CREDIT CARD to scrape off a limpet.
120) 1) dialog: Don't leave home without it. With his finger, he prods around in the mucous-like meat, then tilts up the shell and we see the gooey gray stuff s off the shell into his mouth.
120) 2) dialog: Yuck. He starts to spit it out.  Tries to make himself like it.
120) 3) dialog: Yumm. And he swallow it.
121) 0) text: Chuck sits in the shade of a palm tree surrounded by a pi of smashed coconut husks and a stack of limpet shells.  H checks his watch for a moment.
121) 1) dialog: Got to get this fixed. But what's the point?  Everything that was so valuable be is useless now.
122) 0) text: Chuck digs yet another hole.  He chants to himself, almos delusionally.
122) 1) dialog: Water, water, everywhere, water, water everywhere... Covered in sweat, desperate and exhausted, he throws down wooden spade.
122) 2) dialog: Where's the water on this fucking island? He lies on his back, breathing hard.  Pulls his hat over eyes.
122) 3) dialog: Just rest a minute.
123) 0) text: Chuck is lying in the hole.  We find his feet.  Slowly wa is oozing out of the clay, a puddle is building around hi toes.
124) 0) text: Chuck's eyes snap awake.  He looks down at his feet.  The a pool of muddy water there.  He dips his hand in it, tou a finger to his lips to be sure he's not dreaming. He grabs his sharpened stone, begins to attack the clay.
124) 1) dialog: Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
125) 0) text: Chuck carefully makes marks on a palm tree with his rock knife.  One for each day.  Very neat.  Very precise.  Ver Chuck.
125) 1) dialog: Let's see, I waited two days. (makes marks) Then I buried Al. (slowly makes another mark) Al.  You never made it home, buddy.  Then American Express got me those clam things... (makes another mark) I dug all those damn holes, the clouds over the moon... (makes more marks) And today, the historic discovery of H, Two, Oh. (makes a tenth mark and underlines it) Ten days.  Shit. For a moment, he feels the weight of his isolation.  Then allows himself a deep breath.  There is order now, after Time is under control.
126) 0) text: Very carefully, but standing this time, Chuck makes his w across the ledge.
128) 1) dialog: A crab, it's a crab. He freezes, holding his spear motionless.  Then he jabs a the crab -- misses!  The crab scurries away toward the ro
128) 2) dialog: Dammit! Chuck splashes after it, stabbing as he goes, falling, getting up, stabbing again. Suddenly one stab feels different.  Chuck carefully lifts the spear.  On the end is a squirming crab.
128) 3) dialog: I did it.  I did it! He walks carefully with it to the beach.  Lowering the sp he lets the crab slip off.  It darts toward the water.  C heads it off, trying to avoid the snapping claws. He kicks it back toward the beach, then slams a rock down it.  He twists off a crab claw, expecting to see flaky wh meat.  But a crab has an exoskeleton.  The flesh simply p out, like mucous.
128) 4) dialog: Jesus. This is too much.  He needs the next step, from the raw t the cooked.  The crucial next step from primitive man to beginnings of civilization.
129) 0) text: Chuck rubs two sticks together.  Nothing. Chuck positions a makeshift drill in a hole he has scoope out in a piece of driftwood.  He spins the drill with gre effort.  Nothing.
129) 1) dialog: Stupid fucking thing! He quits, exhausted.  He looks at his hands.  They are ra and blistered.  He feels like Job.
129) 2) dialog: I don't know what I did, God, but whatever is was, I am really, really sorry.  You hear me?  Really sorry.
130) 0) text: Chuck emerges from the jungle and walks to the edge of th ocean.  He dips his blistered hands into the sea water, t looks over at the FedEx boxes that spell out H E L P.
130) 1) dialog: Don't have a choice, do I? He walks over and picks a few boxes up from the P.
131) 0) text: With his stone knife and spear to help him.  Chuck begins open the FedEx boxes.  Chuck rips open the end of one box shakes it.  Out tumble some videotapes.  Chuck looks at t what good are they? Chuck tears another box open.  Out slide some legal paper covered with Post-its. In quick cuts, we see him dump out computer memory boards some designer dresses, flowers, a pair of roller blades, script with a red cover -- which he never reads.
133) 0) text: Two boxes remain.  One is the box with Angel Wings.  Chuc sets it aside.  He opens the other box.  Out tumbles a DOCTOR'S BAG.  Chuck can't believe it.  He opens the bag. It's full of great stuff.  Medicine.  A scalpel.  A saw.
133) 1) dialog: Okay.  Okay now.
134) 0) text: Hands bandaged, Chuck tries to strike a spark on the roll blade wheel housing.  Tries over and over.  Nothing. He takes a long drink from his canteen, and flinches.  Hi tooth is starting to hurt.  He fishes some Tylenol out of surgeon's bag and takes two.
135) 0) text: Chuck picks some berries and gingerly tries them.  They'r not bad.  He eats more.  Then more.  What a relief.
136) 0) text: Chuck lies on his palm fronds, groaning and holding his stomach.  He drags himself to his knees, crawls a few fee and throws up in great, violent heaves.
137) 0) text: Still looking a little green, Chuck marks another day on tree calendar.
139) 0) text: Chuck lies on his belly and drinks from the well, which h filled with water.  Then he washes his face and splashes water over his neck.  The surface of the well stills, bringing CHUCK'S REFLECTION into focus.  He stares at himself. Very carefully Chuck shaves with the surgeon's scalpel. Chuck checks out his new appearance in the water.  Much better.  A clean start now.
140) 1) dialog: You're not getting it hot enough.  Got to hold the heat.  Got to hold the heat.
141) 0) text: Chuck carefully shaves some tinder.  Puts it under a piec bamboo split lengthwise with a notch cut across it.
142) 0) text: Chuck uses a bamboo stick to try to make friction in the split half of the bamboo.  He saws back and forth with al his might, pressing it down in the groove.
143) 0) text: Chuck gives one last saw with his bamboo and stops, utter defeated.  It's all too much.
143) 1) dialog: Sonofabitch! He starts to rub again.  He breathes hard, sweat pours of his face.  He is really going for it, what the hell!  A t wisp of smoke appears!  Chuck saws with even more energy.
143) 2) dialog: Come on.  Come on. The smoke increases.  Chuck rips away the bamboo, grabs t nest of shavings, and blows on it frantically.  The smoke flickers and dies.  Chuck can't believe it.
143) 3) dialog: No.  No.  No.
144) 0) text: Chuck lies in his bed of palm fronds, shivering.  He look at the stars, which blaze furiously.
144) 1) dialog: That's the big dipper...Orion...or is that the Southern Cross...?  Kelly would know. And he misses her so much.  A shower of meteors streaks across the sky, as if the very heavens are raining down o Chuck.
145) 0) text: Chuck readies his two sticks of bamboo again and begins sawing with tremendous energy.  He smells something.  Is smoke?  He pulls off the log and looks eagerly at the nes tinder.  There's nothing there.
145) 1) dialog: Dammit! He replaces the log and starts wearily to saw again.
145) 3) dialog: Careful now, careful... He gently places the nest of shavings in the kindling, th blows on it with utmost care, as if he were holding life itself.  He shreds his money and business cards over the flame. Suddenly, the evening breeze lifts the nest out of the kindling.  Desperate, Chuck grabs it.  Trying to shield i with his body, he grabs some palm fronds and jams them in the sand, trying to make a windbreak.  They rustle and sh and blow over. The wind blows harder.  Chuck jams some rocks in a circle make an eddy.  But the fire is out.  No words now, just a loud, primal groan of pure despair. And then, into his vision floats...smoke. Chuck looks down.  A wisp of smoke curls up from the nest tinder!  Chuck blows on it gently.  Suddenly a tiny tongu flame flickers and catches on the kindling!
145) 4) dialog: Yes!  Yes!  Yes! He feeds in some more twigs, more tinder.  The flames lic out, catch, grow.
145) 5) dialog: If I ever forgot to thank you God, and I am sure I did, thank you now.
147) 0) text: Chuck darts into the jungle and returns dragging a huge l He throws it on the fire.  We see his face in the light o the fire.  He is exultant.  He dances.  He sings at the t of his lungs.  Papa-ooo-mow-mow! Chuck throws another huge log on the fire.  Papa-papa-pap oooo!  The log splutters and explodes, sending up a huge shower of sparks that climb and sparkle in the darkness...until they merge with the stars.
148) 0) text: Chuck makes a mark on the tree.  Around it he carves a fl -- the day he mastered fire.
149) 0) text: Chuck sharpens his spear with his stone knife.  Then he sticks it in the flame to harden it, pulls it out, checks scrapes some more.
150) 0) text: Chuck wades in the water with his spear.  Suddenly he sta it down.  A crab is on the end.
151) 0) text: Chuck removes a crab from out of the fire and breaks a steaming crab claw.  Chuck takes a bite of the flaky whit meat.  Ahhh.  It tastes great.  He takes another bite -- flinches.
151) 1) dialog: Damn tooth! He fumbles for his Tylenol and takes two pills.
152) 0) text: Chuck stands on the summit, looking in all directions.  T something on the island brings Chuck's eyes back from the distant focus on the horizon.  From down on the beach, beneath the palm grove, there curls a thin column of smok Chuck lets a bit of pride creep into his face as he sees He kneels down and begins to build a signal fire.
153) 0) text: Chuck curls up in his bed of palm fronds.  The fire burns Around it is a large stack of crab shells.  He stares int the fire.
154) 0) text: Chuck makes another mark on the tree.  He has circled the tree with marks several times now.
155) 0) text: Using a safety pin and some suturing thread, Chuck fishes carefully.  Suddenly he jerks his hand back.  On the end flopping fish.
156) 0) text: Chuck takes a cooked fish off the fire and mixes it with breadfruit.  He eats the soft mixture, chewing carefully, his tooth hurts even worse.  There are only a few Tylenol tablets left.  He carefully cuts one in half and swallows
157) 0) text: Chuck arrives with the wood for the night.  He stares out sea as usual, but this time he sees something different. WHALES.  He sees whales.  Leaping.  Broaching.  Spouting. Water pouring off fins and flukes.  Moving.  Going somewh
157) 1) dialog: Beautiful.  So beautiful. Chuck stares at them, stares until the ocean darkens and can see them no more.  It's late now. Leaving, he takes one last look, as he always does.  And another remarkable sight greets his eyes.  There, on the horizon, just below the evening star, is a...LIGHT.  He stares at it, fixed.
157) 2) dialog: A star.  It's a star. But then he stares at it really hard.
157) 3) dialog: It's a ship.
158) 1) dialog: Timberrr! ...then slowly falls with a CRASH!
158) 2) dialog: I heard that... Chuck holds his surgeon's saw over the stump.  He walks t another tree and begins to saw his way into the trunk.
159) 0) text: Up above the high tide line, Chuck lashes a log to a row five logs already joined with vines.
159) 1) dialog: No more waiting.  Take action. Chuck sews several designer dresses together with needle suturing thread for a sail.
159) 2) dialog: That's right.  Take action. He cuts bamboo for the mast.  He carves driftwood for an He fills gourds with water, stores breadfruit and coconut he sings "Fly Me to the Moon" to himself. He ties the sail to the mast and extends it with a bamboo boom lashed on with palm fiber and video tape.  He ties o the doctor's kit and the FedEx box with the angel wings. He examines his handiwork:  a finished raft. He brings out his old life preserver and puts it on, then grabs hold of one corner of the raft to pull it down to t beach.  It doesn't budge.  He tries to pull it again. Nothing.  He leans his back into it and pushes with his l Nothing.  He collapses on the beach, his breath coming in heaves.
159) 3) dialog: How could I be so stupid? He bangs himself on the head, over and over.
159) 4) dialog: Stupid, stupid, stupid.
160) 0) text: Chuck throws new firewood on the dwindling fire.  It come back to life.  Meteors streak again across the sky.  He stares at the indifferent stars.  The moon is almost full Shadows of palm trees sway on the sand.
161) 0) text: Chuck stands by the edge of the water, which shimmers in reflected light of the fire.  A wave come in, licks at hi toes.  Lifts up a coconut husk, sweeps it gently out.  Ch watches, gets an idea.
163) 0) text: The rising tide floods water into the trench.  Chuck rock the raft back and forth.  It floats!  As the wave recedes takes the raft with it.  Chuck has to run beside it.
164) 0) text: Defeated and utterly exhausted, Chuck swims back from his latest failure.  He wades back ashore with the FedEx box throws it on the ground by the palm tree.  He has tried s hard to escape, so incredibly hard, done everything human possible and beyond.  He rips off his life preserver, thr it into the underbrush, then collapses on the beach.
164) 1) dialog: You're too low in the water.  Too damn low. Chuck's shoulders begin to shake, as he is racked with de sobs of despair. And then he throws his head back and lets forth, from dee inside himself, a SCREAM of rage and anger and pain.  The Scream pierces the indifferent natural sounds of the isla the rustling of the breeze, the lulling rhythm of the wav It is powerful, disturbing, primal. The breeze picks up.  Behind Chuck, the palm trees begin sway.  The tide is reaching up toward the beach.  The wav crash louder.  The palm trees sway even more. Chuck picks up some wet sand and rubs it on his body.
164) 2) dialog: Dust thou art -- that's for damned sure -- and unto dust shalt thou return. A few DROPS OF RAIN begin to fall, splashing on Chuck and sizzling in the fire. Chuck looks up:  clouds have obscured the sun.  The wind blows harder.  The rain falls harder, streaking the sand Chuck had rubbed on his body.  STEAM sizzles out of the f Chuck looks up, disbelieving.  The bottom falls out of th heavens -- monsoon rain, more rain than you have ever see before.  A long wave rolls up, its frothy fingers reachin for the fire. Forget the raft!  Forget despair!  The fire could go out! This is disaster!
164) 3) dialog: Shit! He springs into action.  Chuck grabs an empty FedEx box. With his wooden shovel he frantically SCOOPS SOME COALS o of the fire as the rain HISSES and POUNDS at them.  He sl the coals into the FedEx box, grabs some sticks of driftw and sets off on a run.
165) 0) text: Chuck runs through the woods, slipping and stumbling.  Vi grab at him.  The rain is so thick he can hardly see.
166) 0) text: Chuck bursts out of the woods into the lava field.  Smoke pours out of the FedEx box.  The coals are about to burn through!
167) 0) text: Chuck stumbles up the slippery rocks, dragging the smokin box.  His face is drenched, desperate.
168) 0) text: Chuck tumbles into the cave just as the coals burn throug the FedEx box. Using the remains of the box, he desperately tries to sco the coals into a dry spot. One by one, THE PRECIOUS COALS GO OUT. Dripping water off his hands and face, he pushes a few together with his fingers, ignoring the burns.
168) 1) dialog: Please...please...please... He stomps on the driftwood and saws at it with his knife. places this kindling on the coals.  They sputter and sizz Barely catch.  He fans them with the box.  A tiny flicker catches, then starts to grow.
168) 2) dialog: Firewood.  I need firewood.
170) 0) text: Chuck lies on the floor of the cave, shivering in the darkness as the rain falls.  His fire is out, his tooth i killing him, he can't escape.
171) 0) text: Chuck emerges from the cave.  The rain has stopped.  This the absolute lowest.  His face reflects his pain and desp He's trapped.  It's hopeless.  Everything he tried to bui is gone.
172) 0) text: Chuck slowly walks out on the ledge.  He stares down at t waves breaking on the jagged rocks far below. He lets go one hand.  Then lets go the other.  He is bare balanced.  It looks like a wisp of breeze would blow him right off.  He slides one foot to the very lip of the precipice. Suddenly his foot slips! Instinctively he turns into the cliff, grabs for a hold! hand reaches for a nubbing of rock, slips off!  The other closes, his fingers straining to hold him. He breathes in deep gasps.  He had wanted to end it, come close.
172) 1) dialog: What the fuck are you doing? His deepest instinct was to survive.  And that is what he going to do.
172) 2) dialog: Hang on.  Just hang on. Slowly he pulls himself back from the edge.
173) 0) text: Chuck walks aimlessly down the beach, feeling the burden starting over.  The beach is littered with seaweed and flotsam, bits of rope, plastic bottles.  He picks up a plastic bottle.  That will come in handy. The Chuck sees a SOCCER BALL with "Wilson" stamped on it big black letters. He picks it up, holds it, tosses it up in the air.  Then kicks it, then kicks it again, then runs down the beach, trying to kick it and keep it out of the water.  Feeling again, even here.
174) 0) text: The sun is setting on his darkened cave.  The soccer ball sits in the corner by the black cold ashes of what was on his fire. Chuck carves a bit of coconut meat, takes a bite and winc as the meat hits his sore tooth.  He tosses the shell on small new pile of shells. Chuck shakes out the last half Tylenol tablet.  He puts t tablet in his mouth, then takes a sip out of his coconut canteen.  When the water hits his tooth that hurts too.
175) 0) text: Chuck mixes a mash of breadfruit and coconut.  He tries t pack the tooth with the mash, but it's so sensitive that this hurts.  He pounds the floor of the cave in frustrati
176) 0) text: Chuck holds a stone chisel and his hammer stone.  He positions the chisel against his inflamed tooth.  But the thought of what he is about to do is too frightening.  He lowers the chisel.
176) 1) dialog: Shit.  Shit.  Shit.
177) 0) text: Chuck tries to fill his mouth with sea water.  The pain i great his eyes water.
177) 1) dialog: Whoo, pig.  Sooey! He falls back in the water and floats there, looking up a the sky.
178) 0) text: Determined, Chuck hold the stone chisel again.  He raises slowly to his mouth and picks up the hammer stone.
178) 1) dialog: No pain, no gain. He brings the hammer down hard on the chisel!  The screen goes BLACK as Chuck's SCREAM continues UNDER.
180) 0) text: Chuck makes a mark on a palm tree.  He has completely cov three other trees with marks.  It sinks in how long he ha been here.
181) 0) text: Chuck carries the fish back from the beach.  Now there is well-worn trail.
182) 0) text: Chuck enters with the fish.  We are greeted with the well ordered lair of a primitive stone-age man. Clam shell spirals weave in and out around the fire hole. Strips of eel jerky and fish hang drying from racks. Tools are lined up neatly:  digging sticks, stone hammers saws, spears neatly hafted onto shafts, drills, awls.  Bi and pieces of feathers, skins, bones, rags, leaves -- are neatly arranged.  Strings and cords hang from hooks.  Coc bowls and cooking rocks form a small kitchen.  A raincoat rain-hat woven of palm fronds is neatly draped over a fra Evocative pieces of driftwood decorate the room.  A wind chime of obsidian flakes sways gently.  The watch hangs o stick. The Angel Box has the place of honor on one side.  On the other side the Wilson soccer ball rests on a throne of ro Seaweed has been placed on the ball as hair.  Clam shells have been stuck on for eyes, other shells form a mouth. tube shell and conch form a pipe.
183) 0) text: The fish are being smoke under a palm frond.  Eel skins h from sticks, roasting.  Chuck sits by the fire, hafting a stone knife onto a wooden haft. He ties some fiber to a stick, then braids it into string using both hands and his mouth for the three strands. He ties the string tightly around the shaft.  He does his work automatically.
184) 0) text: Chuck eats some fish and some mashed breadfruit.  He chew each bite, his eyes in distant focus.  The firelight flic on his face.
185) 0) text: Chuck carries firewood up to the summit.  He mechanically adds wood to the fire.  As he does so, something out to s catches his eye.  He stops and stands up.
187) 0) text: Chuck enters the cave, picks up the ball and heads out.
188) 0) text: The signal fire burns.  A spectacular cloudy sunset light the sky.  Chuck sits with Wilson on the summit, a bowl of mashed breadfruit in one hand, a bowl of roasted eel skin another. As Chuck watches the sunset unfold, watches the whales go by in the darkened water, he takes some roasted eel chips dips them into the breadfruit paste, and offers one to Wilson.  His voice is flat, monotonal.
188) 1) dialog: Chips?  Dip? But Wilson declines.
188) 2) dialog: No? He takes a big crunchy bite.
188) 3) dialog: Another fucking day in paradise. PULL BACK as the sun goes down and Chuck reaches into the bowl again and dips an eel skin chip in the dip.
189) 0) text: Torch in one hand, Wilson in the other, Chuck walks acros the rocky ledge.  He passes the flume without even notici Suddenly his shoe breaks!  It's sandal made of woven yucc leaves. He bends down and fixes it, then heads on down the ledge.
190) 0) text: Chuck makes a casual leap, a leap he has made hundreds of times, but this time the sandal comes loose.  It catches rock, and CHUCK FALLS! His hands are cut and bruised.  He tries to get up, can't Chuck sits back and examines his foot.  His fingers come covered with blood.  He reaches out to steady himself, an leaves a HANDPRINT OF BLOOD on the rock.
191) 0) text: Chuck wraps his foot in bandages.
192) 0) text: Chuck's face is sweaty.  He looks down at his foot.  It i red, swollen, infected.  He stands up, tries to put some weight on it.  The pain is intense. Chuck sticks the scalpel onto some coals to sterilize it. holds it over his foot, takes a breath, then jabs in into wound.  The pain is intense.  Chuck passes out.
193) 0) text: Chuck stirs, takes a drink, weakly tosses on another log, collapses back on the floor.
194) 0) text: Chuck wakes up, trembling, shaking, wet with sweat.  He staggers up.  His shadow sways on the wall of the cave. struggles to get another log on the fire.  He squints at only companion, the soccer ball.
194) 1) dialog: Help me, Wilson... He collapses again.
195) 0) text: Chuck stirs and squints his eyes.  He takes a drink of wa He is feeling better.  He puts another log on the fire an slowly begins to chew on some breadfruit and dried fish.
196) 0) text: Chuck slowly wades into the water, favoring his injured f But something feels different.  He glances around.  What it?  And then he sees something, perhaps the worst possib sight.
196) 2) dialog: Throws down the spear and waves his arms.
196) 3) dialog: No!  Wait!  Come back! He runs into the water and starts to swim.  He is so weak however, he can only make a few strokes.  He tries to yel he swims...
196) 4) dialog: Wait!  Wait! Choking and weak, he turns back and drags himself up on t beach.  In the b.g., the sail dwindles into the distance.
197) 0) text: Chuck struggles to the top of the hill.  His fire has bee extinguished by the rain.  In the distance, far against t horizon, he sees a sail -- or is it a cloud?  The whitene shimmers against the horizon.  Chuck squints.  Whatever i was, it is gone.  Above him some contrails from jets mark sky. Furious, he kicks his signal fire, scattering the burnt-o coals.
198) 0) text: Chuck makes a new mark on his calendar tree.  Then he sto He CUTS an angry big line under the last mark, then hacks away at the palm tree, slashing it with the stone knife, ripping and marking through all his dates.  Finally the s knife breaks in two.  Chuck drops the broken half and cat his breath.
199) 0) text: Chuck enters the cave.  No signal fires burn.  The island dark.
200) 0) text: Chuck stands on the summit, staring out to sea.  Nothing, even a contrail, not even a whale spout.
202) 0) text: Chuck has the beginnings of an artist's studio.  Several large clam shells hold paint.  A few egg shells are lined Brushes have been made from roots and feathers. Chuck covers his hand with paint and makes a handprint on wall of the cave.  He stands back and looks at it.
204) 0) text: With the Angel Wing Box as a model, Chuck dips one of his feather brushes in paint, and make a tentative line on th wall of the cave.  He works hesitantly, rubs off a line, tries again.
205) 0) text: Chuck is finishing his first figure, a crude portrait of man -- himself?  Hard to tell.  He examines his work.  He takes some shells and sticks them on as eyes. Chuck picks up Wilson, thinks.
205) 1) dialog: You old airhead, you need a makeover. He takes some charcoal out of his fire and draws eyebrows the ball.  Then, he mashes some berries, dips his fingers the juice, and makes lips.  He sticks shells on with clay eyes.  Then he looks at the face.
205) 2) dialog: Wilson, you bad! He sits back and regards his companion.  He gestures arou the cave at the new paintings.
205) 3) dialog: What do you think? But Wilson doesn't have an opinion.
205) 4) dialog: You don't share much, do you? Idly Chuck takes down the Angel Box.
205) 5) dialog: I guess I know how Kelly felt. For a long time he studies the wings on it.  With a stick tries to draw a similar wing on the dusty floor of the ca Dissatisfied, he wipes it away.  He looks at the Angel Bo Casually he reaches over and cuts it open with a stone kn Inside he finds two bottles of green salsa.  And a letter He reads over it.
205) 6) dialog: You said our life was a prison.  Dull. Boring.  Empty.  I can't begin to tell you how much that hurt.  I don't want to lose you.  I'm enclosing some salsa, the verde you like.  Use it on your sticky rice and think of home.  Then come home -- to me.  We'll find the spice in our lives again.  Together.  I love you. Always.  Bettina. Visibly moved, Chuck puts down the letter.
205) 7) dialog: He never got it.
207) 0) text: As the rain pours down outside, Chuck studies the sodden, ruined photograph of Kelly, which is really only a gray m
207) 1) dialog: She's probably found someone else.  I would have. Chuck dips his finger into one of the bowls of colors and streaks it slowly across his face.  To exorcise his loneliness, he will paint on the most expressive canvas t is:  his own body.
209) 0) text: Chuck goes from tree to tree, making handprints along his path.  Chuck was here.  This is his mark.
211) 0) text: Chuck emerges from the palm trees, and now we see what he seen. A FIFTY-FIVE GALLON OIL DRUM. And another one.  TWO.  Chuck stares at the barrels.
211) 1) dialog: Hello.
212) 0) text: Chuck sits staring at the oil drums.  It's almost as if h hesitating to take advantage of them.  That he may not wa really, to leave now. Then his inner struggle ends.
212) 1) dialog: What the hell are you waiting for?
213) 0) text: Filled with determination, Chuck rolls a barrel up the be
214) 0) text: Using a palm tree as a fulcrum, Chuck hauls hard on a rop made of vines, pulling the barrel up off the beach.
215) 0) text: Chuck throws aside palm leaves, revealing...the remains o his raft.
216) 0) text: Chuck is drawing with a purpose now.  And we see what he working on.  The plans for a raft.
217) 0) text: Chuck is making a list of what he needs.  He works intent
217) 1) dialog: Canteens.  Sea anchor.  Got to weave rope.  Spears.  A sail.
218) 0) text: Chuck lashes the barrels onto the raft.  Checks the knots Lashes more rope.
221) 0) text: Chuck digs a channel toward the raft.
222) 0) text: Chuck constructs a water collection device with some FedE boxes, some plastic weighted with a stone.  Explains it t Wilson.
222) 1) dialog: Now I'm hoping that if this is airtight I'll get condensation down here, a cup or so a day.  If I'm careful it should be enough.
223) 0) text: Chuck writes on the wall.
223) 1) dialog: If I never return, know that here lived Chuck Noland for four years.  I drew these paintings.  I made these marks. And then I took my fate in my own hands and set forth to save myself, God willing.
224) 0) text: Chuck loads the raft, which rocks gently in the cove.  He a sail made of designer dresses sewn together with fiber thread.  A sea anchor secured by videotape woven together into a rope.  Plastic bottles filled with water.  A signa kite made of FedEx paper. Then comes the FedEx box with the angel wings.  Then Wils
224) 1) dialog: Wilson, my main man.  Time to go. And he gently leads the raft into the lagoon.
224) 2) dialog: Wonder what odds Stan would give me on this.  I'd say 90-10.  Against. He jumps onto the raft, begins to paddle out toward where surf crashes onto the reef.
225) 0) text: Waves break against the reef.  With his paddles Chuck maneuvers the raft toward the cut in the reef.  Boom!  Th wave crashes, the water surges through the cut, then rece with a whoosh. Chuck watches, times the waves, paddles like mad.  He's committed.  SCRAPE goes the first barrel, then the second riding the receding wave.  He's out! But the next wave is already surging forward.  It smashes raft against the reef!  Coconuts and foodstuffs hurtle of the raft! The barrels cushion the impact.  The raft tilts, spins, b stays outside the reef!  The ropes holding the jugs of wa break!  The water sweeps overboard! The wave recedes again.  Chuck recovers, paddles with all strength, and then he's clear of the breakers! For a long moment he floats on the rollers, getting his breath. The water jugs float away, carried by the waves back into lagoon.  Chuck could go back and get them.  If he were be prudent, he definitely would. But he's out.  He might never get back out again. He stares at the lagoon and the receding water jugs.  The stares at the island.  Goodbye to all that.
225) 1) dialog: Wilson, we're out of here. He turns and begins raising the sail.
227) 0) text: The ocean again, low.  The raft floats into frame.  A tra of a breeze flaps the signal kite, which barely stays alo its rope frayed and tattered.  The still is set up in the middle, plastic with a rock weighting down the center. Chuck is gaunt, his clothes rotted. He lies looking over the side of the raft, spear in one h staring intently at the water. Dorados swim like specters, flashing and darting.  Chuck stabs with his spear.  Stabs again.
227) 1) dialog: Slow down, damn you! Exhausted, he sinks back to the raft.  Two Dorados leap i the air ahead of him. Chuck tries to stare again into the water.  He spots anot fish, a flash of silver under the surface. Chuck struggles to his feet, raises his spear.  SPLAT! Something strikes him in the chest, almost knocking him i the water. On the raft we see flashes of silver and green and blue. FLYING FISH.  Chuck dives at it, catches it, loses it.
227) 2) dialog: Catch it catch it catch it -- He catches it again just as it almost flops over the side
228) 0) text: Chuck sucks the juice out of the head.  He chews meat off tiny rib bones. Chuck is in the stage of malnutrition, vitamin deprivatio salt insufficiency, and exposure where the personality sp and becomes external.  Like all castaways, he has conversations with the two sides of himself.
229) 0) text: The raft drifts.  Chuck has taken down the sail and rigge as a canopy.  Drenched with sweat, Chuck lies on the raft trying to sleep.  He dabs at some sores that are ulcerati his body and won't let him get comfortable.  Plus, there' chaffing, squeaking sound.  He looks around for the sourc We see it with him.  One of the ropes is frayed and about break.  If it does, the logs will come apart from the flo
229) 4) dialog: Just get up and fix it.
230) 0) text: Chuck works to braid a new rope.  He is focused, concentrating as hard as he can, but everything is slow a hard and he's weak and clumsy.  He tests the rope, but it doesn't hold.
231) 0) text: The moon is full.  The waves cast off shadows on the ocea Chuck is staring into the sky, trying to find a star to navigate by.
232) 0) text: Chuck saws at the outer log with his stone knife.  Across water comes a storm.  We can see it like a waterfall movi toward us.
233) 0) text: The raft floats on quiet seas.  The sky is blue, with few high cirrus clouds so motionless they seem pasted on. Chuck lies on the raft, sick and weak. Suddenly, from the depths beside him, silently rises a hu shape. A SPERM WHALE, still mainly submerged.  The blow hole is Chuck, wet and pulsing like giant lips.  The eye of the w is only a few feet away.  It looks upon Chuck out of an intelligence deep and alien. He slowly comes to his knees and stares at it. The blow hole opens and WHOOSH, out shoots a geyser of fi spray which settles on Chuck in a mist. The whale rises farther, dwarfing the raft.  From the wha comes a deep sound like a foghorn. Startled, Chuck jumps back, rocking the raft.  He catches himself, slowly reaches out and touches the whale. The whale blows again, drenching Chuck in more spray. Chuck touches the whale again.
234) 0) text: Chuck checks the water.  It is green and full of floaties It looks awful.  He takes the jug, puts it to his mouth, drinks.  Instantly he throws up back into the jug, barely keeps from dropping it.
235) 0) text: The fish return.  Chuck gets up with his spear, then puts down.
236) 0) text: The raft rocks gently.  Chuck looks up.  The strips of fi are glowing.  So is the deck where he killed the fish. He reaches out to touch the fish strips.  His hand is glo too.
236) 1) dialog: I'm an angel. Suddenly he sees other lights.  A ship.  A ship is out th And he hears it, a humming in deep register. He waves his hands.  He yells.
236) 2) dialog: Here!  Here! His voice cracks, we can barely hear it over the ocean. The lights move on.
236) 3) dialog: No...no...no... His raft is rocked by the wake, rocked hard.  Chuck is th into the water! He comes to the surface, sputtering.  Where is the raft? He looks one way, then another.  Darkness. This is the worst. He turns again in the water.  There, dimly, he can see th glow from the fish he killed.  The glow saves his life. He swims toward it. He pulls himself back on the raft. He lies there exhausted, the glow from the phosphorescenc casting a greenish light on his face.
237) 0) text: Clouds are building up.  In the distance lightning flashe The clouds come closer. Little bits of electricity jump off the mast.  Saint Elmo fire jumps around Chuck's hand. Fascinated, he holds out his hand.  The fire jumps from h hand to the mast. Suddenly lightning shoots from the sky and strikes the oc A huge spout of water explodes like a depth charge.  The CRACK is intense, then rolls away. Chuck stares, then realizes the danger and throws himself down on the raft.  Suddenly a wall of rain sweeps over hi and the ocean begins to roll.  The thunder is deafening. Lightning flashes bursts through the rain.
237) 1) dialog: Sea anchor!  Let out the sea anchor! Frantic, Chuck lets out the sea anchor as the raft scuds a huge wave.  The anchor catches, slowing the raft so tha rides the wave down. The waves come at him high as houses.  The raft rides up side, then plunges down the next. All Chuck can do is hold on.
238) 0) text: The storm has passed.  The raft floats on big dark roller We hear the chirping and squeaking of dolphins.  They com close to the raft.  Chuck watches them play.  Then realiz they are chasing his fish.  They drive them along, into t path of another dolphin, who darts in and rips into the dorado, turning the water around the raft into churning, bloody foam.
238) 1) dialog: Stop! He takes his oar and begins beating the water.  The killi continues.
238) 2) dialog: You fucking murderers! Suddenly the water is still.  One dolphin sticks its head of the water and stares at Chuck, squeaking. Another dolphin lifts its head up, then another.  They sq to each other, clearly communicating and talking about Ch
238) 3) dialog: I know you're talking about me! He splashes the water with his oar. They dive, then jump into the air, squeaking as they go.
238) 4) dialog: (very softly) Take me with you. They're gone.
238) 5) dialog: Why me?  Why me, God? He begins to laugh.
239) 0) text: Chuck tries to stretch with some simple yoga.  Each movem takes forever. He rolls over onto his stomach and tries to do a pushup. can't.  Collapses onto the raft.
241) 0) text: Chuck splashes sea water on his face.  Adjusts the water still.
242) 0) text: Chuck lies back on the raft.  He is humming.
242) 8) dialog: Oh, shiiiittt! Then comes the wake of the ship.  It rocks the raft like piece of flotsam.  The raft rides high up on the wave, th shoots down it, but the sea anchor holds, and the raft sl and rides along with the wave. And then the sea is calm again. Slowly Chuck sinks to his knees.  His hand lets loose his pants. He lies down on the raft and imagines the conversation wi the ship's captain.
242) 9) dialog: Permission to come aboard, sir.
242) 11) dialog: May I ask, where are you bound?
242) 13) dialog: As it happens, I'm headed for Frisco myself.
242) 15) dialog: No please, join me.  Some sundried fish strips, a few eyeballs, some gills to munch on. The depression comes back again.
244) 0) text: Chuck slowly wakes up.  Sets Wilson aside.
245) 0) text: Chuck slowly writes on the sail.
245) 1) dialog: Chuck Noland.  Born October 8, 1958. Died -- pick a date -- July 11, 1998. And now the epitaph.  Met deadlines. Kept appointments.  Lost without a trace. He sits back, looks at the mock headstone.
245) 5) dialog: I am writing this to remind myself to live a better life.  If I am lost, perhaps you who find this will be instructed to live a better live yourself.  Live each day.  Love your children.  Don't take anyone for granted.
246) 0) text: The raft goes up and down huge waves.  Every few seconds lightning flashes, illuminating the raft and Chuck holdin desperately to it, his eyes wild with fear.
247) 0) text: The waves continue.  Chuck holds on, his face pale.
248) 0) text: The sky clears.  The waves are still big.  The fish are b And then come the sharks, cutting through the water.  Chu can't get up to get his spear, he just has to watch as bl darkens the water. And then the sharks are gone. Chuck comes to his knees slowly, then a big wave hits. Wilson is swept into the ocean! For a moment Chuck is uncomprehending.  He watches as Wil slowly floats away.
248) 1) dialog: Please, no sharks. Then he dives in to the water!  Swims frantically after Wilson. Wilson floats away from him.  He swims, but he's so weak. Finally he gets to Wilson.  He reaches out, but only push the ball farther away. It bobs on the waves.  Chuck treads water, exhausted. Where is the raft?
248) 2) dialog: Jesus.  Jesus.  Jesus. Then he turns back the other way.  The raft has drifted b him.  He can go after Wilson, or he can go after the raft
248) 3) dialog: Shit!  Wilson! He swims toward the raft, barely moving.  No matter how h he swims, the raft seems to recede from him. Finally he reaches it, hangs on the side, breathing hard, choking, crying. He struggles to pull himself on board. But he is weak, so weak.  He can't do it. Summoning some primitive reserve of strength, he tries ag This time he slides on. He lies on the raft, panting. Then with all his strength he pulls himself to his feet, holds on to the mast, scans the ocean for Wilson.
248) 4) dialog: Wilson! Nothing but waves. This is too much.  Chuck starts to cry.
249) 0) text: Chuck takes a swallow of water, washes it around in his mouth, then swallows.  With his wet tongue he licks his cracked lips. The sun breaks through the clouds. With what strength he has left, Chuck raises the canopy, fastens it. He sits in the meager shade, his head between his knees. Closes his eyes.  Just for a minute.
250) 0) text: A different sort of shadow crosses Chuck's face.  He open his eyes. There, riding right beside his raft, is a ship, a huge ru tanker.  Someone shouts down in a language we don't understand. Chuck sits up, can't believe it.  Struggles to cover hims
251) 0) text: Chuck is lifted up the rusted steel side of the boat in a Jacob's ladder.
252) 0) text: Chuck steps on board, can't support himself. The crew gathers around.  None of them speak English, but there is a spontaneous outburst of human connection. One man brings some water.  Another a blanket.  Another s warm tea. Chuck sits there, shivering now.
252) 1) dialog: Thank you.  Oh thank you. Deliriously happy.  Delirious.
253) 0) text: A cavernous hanger-sized ward brightly lit and filled wit row upon row of hospital beds, each with its table, side chair, and lamp, each with a stainless steel bedpan and neatly folded sheets and blankets stacked ready to use, a each completely empty. Except for one. And on that bed we see Chuck, in a blue hospital gown.  A drips into his arm.  He plays idly with the remote contro the bed.  He raises the head, then the foot.  He pushes another button and the knee rest bends the bed again. A DOCTOR enters, carrying a thick chart.  Chuck gives him big manic grin.  Malcolm MacDowell in "A Clockwork Orange
253) 1) dialog: My favorite doctor.  What's the verdict?
253) 5) dialog: Sorry...sorry... Why do my joints still ache?
253) 7) dialog: All I ate was fish.  That's solid protein.
253) 9) dialog: Which I didn't have.
253) 11) dialog: I am one lucky guy.
253) 13) dialog: But all that's behind me.  I'm fine now. He starts to laugh again.
253) 15) dialog: I most definitely say I am.
253) 17) dialog: Yes, yes he did.
253) 19) dialog: Not to mention on me. The laughter again.  Unsettling.
253) 21) dialog: Doc, I'm not on the island.  I'm not on the raft.  I'm alive.  I'm so glad to be back, I can't tell you.  I just want out of here.
254) 0) text: Rolling his IV, Chuck walks very slowly out of the ward. Every step is an effort.
255) 0) text: A small windowless room with only a desk and a phone, lit a fluorescent lamp.  Chuck is listening to the phone ring Kelly answers.
256) 0) text: We can see Chuck inside, staring at the phone.
257) 0) text: We hear a faint persistent hum.  Chuck looks around, tryi to locate the sound.  He looks up, focuses on the fluores light, that background sound he can no longer tune out, t picks up the phone again.
258) 2) dialog: Stan, it's Chuck...Chuck Noland... The laughter again.
259) 0) text: Chuck's on the phone again.
259) 1) dialog: Two Valium and the Rolling Stones.  That ring a bell? There's a long silence.  Then we hear Stan's voice.
259) 3) dialog: It's me.
259) 5) dialog: I'm most definitely not dead.  And as I recall, you're the sick fucker. Chuck begins to laugh, a little too loud, a little too shrill.  He's on a high.
260) 0) text: A terrace by the ocean.  Tables filled with diners.  Food being delivered by waiters.  So simple, eating.  So taken granted. At one table sits Chuck, dressed in a Hawaiian shirt and shorts, with a half-dozen plates in front of him.  He gestures to the waiter.  Bring me more.  It all tastes so damned good. Behind him is the ocean.  Chuck doesn't glance at it.
261) 0) text: An attractive DENTAL TECHNICIAN with an Australian accent cleans Chuck's teeth with an ultrasound device.  She's cl very close.  Chuck looks up at her.  She looks really goo She smiles at him, then touches the gap where he knocked his tooth.
261) 8) dialog: I beat the odds!
261) 12) dialog: This is Amber.  Her boyfriend lost his foot in a shark attack. He says this with an absolute straight face, holding back laughter with great effort.  Instantly there's this connection again between him and Stan.
262) 0) text: Typical dentist waiting room.  Chairs, tropical fish tank magazines, a few waiting patients...and Kelly, looking nervous. Slowly and painfully Chuck enters.  He's quite a sight. stands up.  There's a long moment where they look at each other. Then she comes into his arms.  Holds him tight.  She's pa laughing, part crying.
262) 2) dialog: Hey...hey...it's okay! Chuck is happy, he's still riding the high.
262) 4) dialog: No...no...feels good... She disengages, looks at him with that old smile.
262) 6) dialog: A few things came up.  Or went down. He meets her gaze, looks her over with a smile.
262) 7) dialog: You look...wonderful.  I like your hair. He notices the ring on her hand.
262) 9) dialog: I thought you might have.
262) 11) dialog: I know.
262) 13) dialog: I would have done the same thing. His responses come so quick.  Chuck seems blissfully sure himself.
262) 15) dialog: You have any children? Kelly nods.
262) 16) dialog: Got a picture? Kelly fishes for a photo, shows it to Chuck.  It's a litt girl with a dog.
262) 18) dialog: Is that Jango?
262) 20) dialog: Life's just one big joke after another. Stan appears, takes in the scene.  The few patients waiti are edged into the corners, trying to look occupied with something else.
262) 22) dialog: Want to see my raft?
263) 0) text: Chuck's raft sits up on a dock.  Kelly stands staring at How small and fragile it looks.
263) 2) dialog: You should have smelled me. Stan examines the ropes around the logs.
263) 4) dialog: I braided them.
263) 6) dialog: Time I had lots of. Kelly points at something on the raft.
263) 8) dialog: That's my sea anchor.  My second one. Made it out of part of the sail.  It keeps you from capsizing in a storm.  In theory. (picks up his still) And this, this I used to collect water. About half a cup a day. He's not feeling sorry for himself.  It's just a fact.
263) 10) dialog: Forty-three days. They look at the tiny raft.  It speaks for itself.
263) 12) dialog: Yeah, well...couldn't be helped. Kelly notices the sail, sees the writing on it.
263) 14) dialog: My epitaph. Kelly reads it to herself.  Her eyes are moist.
263) 15) dialog: Bad body chemistry.  Made me a little morbid.  But I'm all over that now. And he seems really to believe it.
263) 18) dialog: There was a coffin?
263) 20) dialog: What was inside?
263) 22) dialog: That about sums it up.
263) 24) dialog: The plane went down.  My friends died.  I washed up on an island.  Then I found these barrels, built the raft, and here I am.
263) 26) dialog: The tide came in, the tide went out.  I survived.  That's the headline.  I survived.
263) 29) dialog: Cliches, mainly.  Don't take anyone for granted.  Don't sweat the small stuff. Live each day like it's your last.
263) 31) dialog: Not when you have no choice. Kelly looks down at the raft.  It's so small.
263) 33) dialog: I didn't know what really being alone was.  No one back here does. He has something more to say.  She waits.
263) 34) dialog: We're not meant to be alone.  Not like that.  Share life, that's what came to me out there.  Be with someone. And that's the point, isn't it?  We are social animals. man is an island.
263) 36) dialog: That's what I told the fish I caught. But I ate them anyway. And the laughter comes again.  Kelly grins, embarrassed, little worried.
263) 38) dialog: Great.  Really. She stares at his face, reaches out, touches it again, th time with great tenderness. He nods, her touch feels so good. A wave of emotion comes over her:  pity?  love?
263) 40) dialog: I don't know.  I really don't know. We hear a distant beep-beep, discrete as a car horn can b
263) 42) dialog: It means a lot...that you came.
263) 45) dialog: You too.
263) 47) dialog: You too. Then she heads for the waiting car.  Chuck stands by his raft, watching her go.
264) 0) text: Chuck and Stan ride on the plane.  Chuck is coming down o his survival high.  He has the Angel Wing FedEx package w him.
264) 2) dialog: I never thought it would end.  Then it did.  It was so great to be saved, I couldn't stop laughing. Stan pulls a flask out of his bag.
264) 4) dialog: For years my only drinking buddy was a soccer ball.  Wilson. Stan hoists his glass.
264) 6) dialog: To Wilson. Now's when Stan gets to the question he's been wanting to ask, that Kelly wanted to know, that we all want to know.
264) 9) dialog: Hallelujah. Stan looks over at him.
264) 11) dialog: What's it all about?  It's about being so thirsty you'd crush a fish's backbone to suck out the spinal fluid -- that's what it's about. Stan sits back, repulsed but relieved.
264) 14) dialog: To life.
264) 16) dialog: Believe me I know. He takes a sip of his drink, just savoring it, thinking.
264) 17) dialog: But it's not being bold or being in the game or rolling the dice. All those things Stan used to tell him.
264) 18) dialog: When I was going crazy, on the raft, I'd argue with myself about everything. Because everything had a price.  To get anything -- a sip of water, a little corner of shade, an hour's sleep -- I had to let go of something else.  And then I could never get it back. He thinks some more.
264) 19) dialog: You don't win or lose.  You win and lose. He looks out the window.
264) 20) dialog: You win and lose. And Chuck has.  Big time.
266) 0) text: The MD-11 taxis up.  As usual, the SuperHub is a frenzy o activity.  A loading crew stands ready, forklifts poised. Even this plane carries packages. PHIL STEELE, the chairman of FedEx, Leslie, Becca, Dick, other executives wait on a special podium near the gangwa Everyone looks different -- older, a mustache here, a thickening around the belly there. Behind a barrier a cluster of cameras film the scene. The plane cuts its engine.  The stairs are rolled out. Forklifts and gangways move forward.  Cargo doors open. Chuck appears in the door.  He holds the FedEx Package an small travel bag. Chuck blinks against the lights and the glare.  Stan is r by him.  Everyone bursts into APPLAUSE AND CHEERING. After four years of total solitude this is completely overwhelming.
266) 4) dialog: Where's Mom?
266) 6) dialog: Tell me about it. Stan nudges Chuck.  Time to go to the podium.
266) 8) dialog: Wow.  Thank you.  Great.  Thank you. Hey, Rasheed, how you doing?  Thank you all.
267) 0) text: Chuck makes his triumphant way through this amazing collection of cheering people like Moses parting the Red
268) 0) text: With a big smile Phil Steele holds out his hand to Chuck.
269) 0) text: All over the SuperHub, belts come to a halt.  Forklifts s Tracking stations shut down.  The vast flow of packages i suddenly still.  The incredible din of activity is sudden quiet.  The stillness and the silence are unexpected and palpable.  Thousands of workers stop as well, staring eit up at Chuck directly or at his image on video screens.  W hear Phil's voice piped in.
270) 3) dialog: Thank you.  Thank you very much... Everyone applauds.
270) 4) dialog: Give me a minute.  I've spent four years looking out at an empty ocean. He laughs, a short brittle laugh, composes himself.
270) 5) dialog: It's all so -- big.  You never think you'll miss -- all this.  But I did.  I really, really did.  And I missed all of you. He looks over at the hub.
270) 6) dialog: You've added some new belts, and what's that? He points at some high tech equipment on the edge of the shed.
270) 8) dialog: Digital laser readers.  Wow.  Terrific. He looks around at everyone, doesn't know what else to sa
270) 9) dialog: I've never heard it this quiet. Shouldn't you all be getting back to work? The tension is broken.  Everyone laughs.  Phil Steele mot with his hand.  Let it be done.
271) 0) text: We are assaulted by a surge of light, motion, activity. Snaking lines of traffic in both directions, big overpass the city rising beyond. Stan drives with a certain aggressiveness.  Chuck looks o at the traffic, at all the activity, at the vast intricat anthill of humanity going everywhere and nowhere.
271) 1) dialog: Take your time.
271) 3) dialog: That's what it's about.
271) 5) dialog: Not just that.  Take your time.  Use it. Live it.
271) 9) dialog: Deliver this package.  Then, I dunno.
271) 11) dialog: I need to do it.
271) 13) dialog: You want to help, help me find the woman who sent this.
272) 0) text: Stan and Chuck are in the office of a TECHNICIAN who is working away at his computer.  The Technician pulls the b code from the Angel Wing FedEx box up on his computer scr
272) 2) dialog: What about the sender?
272) 5) dialog: Can you find her?
272) 9) dialog: Thanks.  For everything.
273) 0) text: Chuck leaves the motel, the Angel Box under his arm.  He it into a pannier on the side of a bicycle.
274) 0) text: Chuck sneaks up to a craftsman cottage and stands by a tr with a swing on it.  Inside we see Kelly making dinner fo her husband, who plays with their daughter.  For a moment Chuck watches through the window, and we watch with him. Then the dog begins to bark.
275) 0) text: Chuck walks through the cemetery late at night.  He comes his gravestone, stares for a long moment at the inscripti then takes out a spray can of paint and puts a HANDPRINT it. He gets back on his bicycle and rides away.
276) 0) text: Chuck rides his bicycle down a road leading into the Sout
277) 0) text: Chuck negotiates an overpass crossing an Interstate Highw Headed in both directions, cars whoosh by beneath him.
278) 0) text: Chuck rides down a narrow road, shrouded in mist.  Moss d from the trees reaching over the road.  A car goes by.  T another, their lights like halos in the fog.  It's a myst scene, a passage.
279) 0) text: Chuck gets off his bicycle in the rain and walks toward a roadside cafe.
280) 0) text: Chuck draws on a paper place mat as he waits for his meal a counter.  Above the counter the television plays.
280) 4) dialog: Check, please. The waitress comes over.
281) 0) text: Thousands of chicken carcasses hanging on hooks circle through the huge processing plant, a vast structure on th scale of the SuperHub or the Hospital. Chuck's Mom, dressed in white with a hairnet, enters a windowed office in the b.g.  Through the window we see he hug Chuck.
282) 0) text: We are in the office now.  Chuck's Mom's eyes are moist.
282) 1) dialog: When'd you start working here?
282) 3) dialog: I wanted to come here.
283) 0) text: Chuck eats a Southern fried drumstick.  The table is full home-cooked food.
283) 2) dialog: That was great, Mom, just great. He looks around the house, everything in its place.  His mother has been here for forty years.  There's a big crac running down from the ceiling.
283) 3) dialog: I've got all this back pay coming.  Why don't you let me get you a place in town?
283) 6) dialog: Miss that island?  Mom, come on. She looks at him.  She knows her boy.
283) 8) dialog: The tide saved me, Mom.  I lived by it. I'm just wondering where it will take me next. She looks at him, thinks about this.
284) 0) text: Chuck rides away from the small neat frame house, down a country lane with trailers up on blocks.
285) 0) text: Chuck leaves a cheap motel as the sun comes up.
286) 0) text: Chuck rides on a ferry, the wind blowing his face.  The s is gray and drizzly.  He smells the salt water.  Watches waves.
287) 0) text: Chuck asks for directions.  A kid in baggy pants and no s points him down the road.
288) 0) text: Chuck pulls some clothes out of his saddle bags.
289) 0) text: Chuck emerges from the restroom wearing a FedEx shirt and shorts.
290) 0) text: A classic beach house.  Sand dunes, stilts.  Carrying the Angel Wing Box under his arm, Chuck checks the address in hand.  Mounts the steps.  A light mist falls.  You can se the Gulf behind the house, gray and moody. A WOMAN, BETTINA, answers the door -- THE woman from the beginning.  She wears cut-off jeans and a blue work shirt covered with paint.  There's a tattoo on her ankle.
290) 1) dialog: FedEx for Bettina Peterson. The woman stares in disbelief at the package she hasn't s in years and never expected to see again.
290) 3) dialog: Charles Noland.  FedEx Special Projects. Bettina notices Chuck's bicycle.
290) 5) dialog: There was an unavoidable delay. Bettina stares at the package, her own memories coming ba
290) 7) dialog: No. She holds the box and studies him for a long moment. Something -- the look on his face, the extraordinary reappearance of this long-lost package -- makes her curio
290) 9) dialog: As much as anybody.
290) 11) dialog: Okay.  Sure. She lets Chuck in the door.
291) 0) text: Ladders.  Scaffolds.  Huge paintings are everywhere. Paintings of wings and angels -- like the package.  Chuck stares at them.  Bettina watches Chuck stare.
292) 0) text: Bettina pours some coffee.  The package sits in the count Some magazines are spread around, including a People Maga with Chuck's photograph on the cover.
292) 1) dialog: (takes a sip) It's good. They smile awkwardly at each other.  She starts to open i
292) 3) dialog: Possible.  So you did those wings?
292) 5) dialog: They're harder to do than they look.
292) 7) dialog: Well, I do a little drawing -- She's opened the package.  She pulls out the bottles of s and the letter.
292) 8) dialog: Our apologies that it never made it to the recipient.
292) 12) dialog: Well, not really, I --
292) 14) dialog: To tell you the truth -- you did.
292) 16) dialog: No.  that was the last one.
292) 19) dialog: Hey.
293) 0) text: Arms around each other, the Man and the Woman say goodbye Chuck.  In the front yard is a panel truck painted with t angel wings.  The Man grins at Chuck, an easy, friendly g
293) 2) dialog: That was my last one. Bettina hands Chuck a sheet of paper.
293) 5) dialog: Sure.
294) 0) text: Chuck rides his bicycle away, along the shore.
295) 0) text: Chuck rides along the beach.  Up ahead we see a FedEx tru
296) 0) text: Chuck gets off his bike as a female FEDEX DRIVER puts cho under the wheels, which have stuck in the sand.
296) 1) dialog: Need some help?
297) 0) text: Chuck pushes on the truck as the driver gives it gas.  Th truck slowly pulls back onto the pavement.
298) 3) dialog: No. Where is he from, anyway?
298) 4) dialog: I used to drive one of those.  A long time ago.
298) 6) dialog: Sure. He picks up his bike.
299) 0) text: The FedEx truck makes its way down the beach, Chuck in hi uniform, the Driver in hers.  Two FedEx people in a truck The Driver looks over at Chuck.
299) 2) dialog: Yeah.
299) 4) dialog: Well --
299) 7) dialog: I didn't steal it, and he wasn't crippled. Erica laughs.
299) 9) dialog: Yeah, completely. She looks over at him with a grin.
299) 11) dialog: Had a package to deliver.
299) 13) dialog: I had it on the island with me.
300) 1) dialog: Yeah, a long one.
300) 3) dialog: So do I. The truck goes down the beach and then turns inland, away from the ocean.  Away from all that.
300) 4) dialog: So do I. And we pull back, taking in the sweep of the beach, the estuaries, and the green forest stretching back into Amer The end is the beginning. FADE OUT.