20) 0) text: The staff has assembled near the loading dock.  Yuri the station manager stands in front, occasionally catching th eye of the attractive woman.  Chuck displays the FedEx bo
25) 0) text: A surprised Yuri stands with the attractive assistant as Chuck takes his clipboard away. An even more surprised Lev stands by his truck as Chuck h the clipboard to him. Chuck and the loaders clean off the graffiti. Working alongside the sorters as the packages come in, Ch points out how to organize the inflow. Chuck and Lev go over large maps of St. Petersburg with t drivers.
28) 0) text: The last truck enters and loading dock.  A few loaders mo toward it.  The executives all stand and watch.  But not Chuck.  He's hands on.
32) 10) dialog: What do you expect, from the guy who stole a kid's bicycle when his truck broke down?
32) 12) dialog: How'd it go?
32) 14) dialog: I had to bump your plane last night. Chuck can't believe it.
32) 16) dialog: It was fifteen minutes late. The plane begins to taxi.
32) 18) dialog: But I might not have.
32) 20) dialog: I'm touched.
32) 22) dialog: The point of FedEx, as I understand it, is to make the damn connection.
32) 24) dialog: What?  Let Paris hold its plane?  Let Memphis take care of it?  Let somebody down the line clean up your mess?
32) 26) dialog: You know what your problem is?  You just see the packages in front of you.  You don't see the big picture.
34) 0) text: Chuck is focused on his PowerBook with the screen away fr us, Stan is doing tai chi amidst the FedEx containers.  I feels a little surreal, all those containers surrounding them. Stan comes over, looks at the image on the computer.  It' sailboat with some technical specifications under it.
34) 1) dialog: I didn't know we had sailboats.
34) 3) dialog: For all those vacation days you got coming. Chuck doesn't look up.
34) 5) dialog: Look, I'm sorry about your plane.  But I couldn't risk being late into Memphis.
34) 7) dialog: You know General McLelland, he wouldn't attack unless he had everything just right.  Finally Abe Lincoln came to him and said, General, if you're not going to use my army, could I borrow it for a while?  So he gave it to Grant and Grant just said, let's go.
34) 9) dialog: We're warriors, not desk jockeys.  We've got to be bold.  You always want all your ducks lined up.  But nothing's 100 percent.  It's always 60-40, maybe 51-49. Hell, I'd take 40-60.  Then roll the dice.
34) 11) dialog: That's why I'm running foreign and you're not.  That's why you're not married and I am.
34) 13) dialog: Take the plunge, admit your mistakes, move on to tomorrow.  That's FedEx, that's women, that's life. Stan is so outrageous, Chuck can't help but laugh.
34) 15) dialog: I'm trying to help you here.  There's Warsaw, there's this --
34) 17) dialog: Look, that kids' bike, that's a guy who'll do what it takes to get there on time.  Live up to your legend, that's all I'm saying. Chuck reaches in his pocket, pulls out a bill.
34) 19) dialog: Ninety five percent?  Just give me the money now.
34) 21) dialog: We're on. Chuck closes the PowerBook.
34) 24) dialog: And the Stones.  Got to be. It's their ritual.  Chuck puts headphones from his Walkma over his ears, puts a mask over his eyes and leans his he back onto the headrest.  We hear the Rolling Stones.
36) 0) text: Stan stands smiling over Chuck.
36) 1) dialog: Chuck.  Wake up Chuck. Chuck pulls off the mask, takes out the earplugs.  He man a groggy grin.
36) 2) dialog: You gotta do your own delivery from here.
50) 4) dialog: We're already on it.
50) 12) dialog: He's a numbers cruncher.  Chuck's done all the right things here... Stan is doing his best to back up Chuck.
67) 0) text: Chuck enters his office, on the go.  His assistant LESLIE waiting for him.
67) 5) dialog: Malaysia's tanking.  We're meeting in ten in operations.
68) 0) text: Chuck, Leslie, Stan and another executive from the meetin named DICK are gathered around the TV screen.  A squawk b is on the table.
68) 11) dialog: We got Telex, e-mail?
68) 17) dialog: Maybe you should get your ducks lined up first. Chuck looks over at Stan.
77) 0) text: A CONTROLLER mans the global operations desk.  His SUPERV stands behind him, sipping some coffee.  The mood is eeri calm.  An assistant moves Plane Locator Cards on a giant board.
89) 0) text: The full moon shines a ghostly light on the beach.  Trees cast moon-shadows on the sand.  Chuck seems very, very al We HEAR from the dark thickets a STRANGE NOISE.  Rustling the leaves.  Something crashing in the trees, or is it a wave?  A jolt of adrenaline courses through Chuck's body. lurches to his feet. We HEAR the noises again.  Chuck edges toward the rocks a the barb of the hook.  Keeping his eye on the thicket, he bends down and picks up a stone.  His first weapon. In the rocks he finds a piece of driftwood.  He picks it in his other hand.  He backs between two rocks and stands facing the thicket, every sense alert.  A cloud passes ov the moon.  The shadow streaks across Chuck's anxious face
126) 0) text: Very carefully, but standing this time, Chuck makes his w across the ledge.
152) 0) text: Chuck stands on the summit, looking in all directions.  T something on the island brings Chuck's eyes back from the distant focus on the horizon.  From down on the beach, beneath the palm grove, there curls a thin column of smok Chuck lets a bit of pride creep into his face as he sees He kneels down and begins to build a signal fire.
161) 0) text: Chuck stands by the edge of the water, which shimmers in reflected light of the fire.  A wave come in, licks at hi toes.  Lifts up a coconut husk, sweeps it gently out.  Ch watches, gets an idea.
184) 0) text: Chuck eats some fish and some mashed breadfruit.  He chew each bite, his eyes in distant focus.  The firelight flic on his face.
185) 0) text: Chuck carries firewood up to the summit.  He mechanically adds wood to the fire.  As he does so, something out to s catches his eye.  He stops and stands up.
192) 0) text: Chuck's face is sweaty.  He looks down at his foot.  It i red, swollen, infected.  He stands up, tries to put some weight on it.  The pain is intense. Chuck sticks the scalpel onto some coals to sterilize it. holds it over his foot, takes a breath, then jabs in into wound.  The pain is intense.  Chuck passes out.
197) 0) text: Chuck struggles to the top of the hill.  His fire has bee extinguished by the rain.  In the distance, far against t horizon, he sees a sail -- or is it a cloud?  The whitene shimmers against the horizon.  Chuck squints.  Whatever i was, it is gone.  Above him some contrails from jets mark sky. Furious, he kicks his signal fire, scattering the burnt-o coals.
200) 0) text: Chuck stands on the summit, staring out to sea.  Nothing, even a contrail, not even a whale spout.
202) 0) text: Chuck has the beginnings of an artist's studio.  Several large clam shells hold paint.  A few egg shells are lined Brushes have been made from roots and feathers. Chuck covers his hand with paint and makes a handprint on wall of the cave.  He stands back and looks at it.
234) 0) text: Chuck checks the water.  It is green and full of floaties It looks awful.  He takes the jug, puts it to his mouth, drinks.  Instantly he throws up back into the jug, barely keeps from dropping it.
237) 0) text: Clouds are building up.  In the distance lightning flashe The clouds come closer. Little bits of electricity jump off the mast.  Saint Elmo fire jumps around Chuck's hand. Fascinated, he holds out his hand.  The fire jumps from h hand to the mast. Suddenly lightning shoots from the sky and strikes the oc A huge spout of water explodes like a depth charge.  The CRACK is intense, then rolls away. Chuck stares, then realizes the danger and throws himself down on the raft.  Suddenly a wall of rain sweeps over hi and the ocean begins to roll.  The thunder is deafening. Lightning flashes bursts through the rain.
250) 0) text: A different sort of shadow crosses Chuck's face.  He open his eyes. There, riding right beside his raft, is a ship, a huge ru tanker.  Someone shouts down in a language we don't understand. Chuck sits up, can't believe it.  Struggles to cover hims
258) 0) text: Stan answers the phone.
258) 1) dialog: Hello?
258) 3) dialog: Whoever you are, you are one sick fucker. And again we hear the dial tone.
259) 2) dialog: God damn!  God damn!  Chuck, it's you!
259) 4) dialog: You're fucking dead!
261) 5) dialog: Chuck!  God damn! Chuck struggles out of the chair.
261) 6) dialog: God damn.  God damn.  God damn. They are both almost overcome.  Stan holds Chuck by the shoulders and looks at him.
261) 7) dialog: You're alive, you're fucking alive! Chuck laughs, thrilled to see Stan.
261) 9) dialog: You beat 'em to shit, pal!  Jesus!
261) 11) dialog: Hello.
261) 14) dialog: Really. And he and Chuck make eye contact and we see a glimpse of their shared unspoken irony.
261) 15) dialog: Uh, there's somebody out here who wants to see you. Chuck stares sharply at him.  Kelly?  Stan nods, but ther something he wants to say.
261) 16) dialog: She thought you were dead.  We all did. That's not all Stan wants to say.  But Chuck is limping o the door.
262) 0) text: Typical dentist waiting room.  Chairs, tropical fish tank magazines, a few waiting patients...and Kelly, looking nervous. Slowly and painfully Chuck enters.  He's quite a sight. stands up.  There's a long moment where they look at each other. Then she comes into his arms.  Holds him tight.  She's pa laughing, part crying.
262) 21) dialog: How about we go somewhere else?
263) 0) text: Chuck's raft sits up on a dock.  Kelly stands staring at How small and fragile it looks.
263) 1) dialog: This stinks really bad.
263) 3) dialog: Cool ropes.
263) 5) dialog: Must have taken a hell of a long time.
263) 9) dialog: You were how long on this?
263) 16) dialog: I'll be at the car. (to Kelly) Take you to the airport. And he leaves.
264) 0) text: Chuck and Stan ride on the plane.  Chuck is coming down o his survival high.  He has the Angel Wing FedEx package w him.
264) 1) dialog: When I first showed up, I thought you'd lost your fucking marbles.
264) 3) dialog: You need a drink. Stan takes two glasses from his bag, rests them on a FedE container, and pours the whiskey.
264) 5) dialog: To Wilson.
264) 7) dialog: So, what's it all about? Chuck stares at him.
264) 8) dialog: You've been over the line and you came back.  You've been saved, hallelujah!
264) 10) dialog: I'm serious.  The burning bush, the big picture, the words in neon...
264) 12) dialog: Do what it takes.  That's what I always told you. He pours another drink.
264) 13) dialog: To life.  Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
264) 15) dialog: That's all there is.
266) 0) text: The MD-11 taxis up.  As usual, the SuperHub is a frenzy o activity.  A loading crew stands ready, forklifts poised. Even this plane carries packages. PHIL STEELE, the chairman of FedEx, Leslie, Becca, Dick, other executives wait on a special podium near the gangwa Everyone looks different -- older, a mustache here, a thickening around the belly there. Behind a barrier a cluster of cameras film the scene. The plane cuts its engine.  The stairs are rolled out. Forklifts and gangways move forward.  Cargo doors open. Chuck appears in the door.  He holds the FedEx Package an small travel bag. Chuck blinks against the lights and the glare.  Stan is r by him.  Everyone bursts into APPLAUSE AND CHEERING. After four years of total solitude this is completely overwhelming.
266) 1) dialog: Smile. Chuck smiles.
266) 2) dialog: Wave. And Chuck waves.  He's overwhelmed by all the input.  Sta steers Chuck down the steps as the cheers continue. At the bottom of the steps Roger steps forward.  The two brothers embrace each other.  After a moment Roger disengages.  Mary gives Chuck a hug.
270) 7) dialog: Digital laser readers.
271) 0) text: We are assaulted by a surge of light, motion, activity. Snaking lines of traffic in both directions, big overpass the city rising beyond. Stan drives with a certain aggressiveness.  Chuck looks o at the traffic, at all the activity, at the vast intricat anthill of humanity going everywhere and nowhere.
271) 2) dialog: What?
271) 4) dialog: Being patient.  Don't rush things.  I get it. He swerves into another lane.
271) 6) dialog: Deep, real deep. He grins, cuts across to the exit.
271) 7) dialog: So where to?  The office?  The hotel? The beach? Chuck stares at him.  Are you kidding?
271) 8) dialog: What, then?
271) 10) dialog: (re: the package) You want that delivered, we'll deliver it.  That's what we do.
271) 12) dialog: Finish what you started.  You haven't changed, Chuck.  It's still you. Right.
272) 0) text: Stan and Chuck are in the office of a TECHNICIAN who is working away at his computer.  The Technician pulls the b code from the Angel Wing FedEx box up on his computer scr
272) 7) dialog: I do. He holds out a badge.
272) 10) dialog: No sweat.
274) 0) text: Chuck sneaks up to a craftsman cottage and stands by a tr with a swing on it.  Inside we see Kelly making dinner fo her husband, who plays with their daughter.  For a moment Chuck watches through the window, and we watch with him. Then the dog begins to bark.
298) 0) text: The Driver gets out of the truck with a grin.  She has an open, friendly face.  There's an instant connection betwe them.