17) 18) dialog: Ain't you the man that killed Bill Roundtree? McCABE: That was some time ago.
17) 19) dialog: Shot him right between the eyes, I hear. He was dead before he hit the floor, : McCABE: I shot him four times in the chest, and he died for the same reason they all dle -- no doctor close enough.
17) 20) dialog: I'm Dog Butler and I kmnowed Bill fe Roundtree when I was # kid in Texas.. He was the Greatest man alive. McCABE: Bullshit. <= Roundtree was from New Hampshire and was never nothin! but a pennyante card cheat. There's a long BEAT before Butler throws back his head an laughs long and loud.
17) 21) dialog: Don't you believe that I came here te get back at you for killing Bill Roundtree? : MeCABE: No. - > ° Butler laughs again.
17) 22) dialog: You're all right, Pudgy. -- You going to buy us a drink, Pudgy? Me . (CONTINUED ) Ne 101. 190 (Cont.2) 191. 192. MeCABE: First drink of the day's always on me. -- Danny? Put up a bottle and ‘glasses -- one for that scum-bdag at the end of the bar, too. McCabe and Butler size each other. up while Kid brings th bottle and two glasses, pouring Breed's drink first, When he pours for Butler, the old killer takes the bottle from him. Kid returns to the bar es before.
17) 23) text: Butler swallows his glass of whiskey all at once, pours another, and takes a step nearer McCabe to set the bottle on the Faro table. McCabe brings his shotgun up sharply - to Butler's further amusement. McCABE: You don't have no notion that the second drink's on credit, do you?
17) 24) dialog: How many man have you killed, Pudgy? McCABE: Counting Roundtree?
17) 25) dialog: Yeah. : MeCABE: One. Butler seems to really be getting a kick out of McCabe, When he recovers from this latest knee-slapper,
17) 26) dialog: Give me one of them cigars, Pudgy. McCABE: Danny? -- Give Mr. Butler one of my cigars.
17) 27) text: While Butler turns his back on McCabe and walks toward th bar, he keeps his eyes on him in the mirror, McCabe's ‘shotgun follows him unerringly. Butler takes a ci a lights it. 7 “meen (CONTINUED)
17) 28) text: 192 (Cont.) 193. McCABE: Give Mr. Butler's friends cigars, too. Lt They all take one but the Kid. Butler moves back to the Faro table, lifts a chair up with two fingers. He's still testing McCabe, and when he tenses, Butler pulls the chai back and ‘sits in it heavily.
17) 30) dialog: Let me see, now, Pudgy McCabe. You still carry that trick derringer in your wrist? McCabe says nothing.
17) 31) dialog: (continuing) No. -- You probably gave that up. How about your handkerchief or under your hat, McCabe merely smiles.
17) 32) dialog: (continuing) Oh, that's right Pudgy. You got that special Colt in that special holster, ain't that right? MeCABE: . You got your money on the right card. “KID: McCabe thinks he's some pumpkins, McCABE: Be careful not to let your voice erack when you're talking tough, Sonny.
17) 33) dialog: He is some pumpkins, Kid. Throw a derby or coffee in your face and go for his gun when your hands went for ‘your eyes. He's a smooth talking Yankee. (beat) But you never went near no big towns, no big camps, no place where you might see a first class gunman, did you? (CONTINUED ) wt 193. 193 (Cont.) McCABE: Never did want to kili nobody again.
17) 34) dialog: Well now ain't that nice? Ain't that nice, Breed? Ain't it nice to be up egeinst a@ considerate man like that, Kid st They both smile, nodding their approval, Butler stands up and leans over the table, disregarding the shotgun that h tracked him. . z BU’ (continuing) Well I ain't like that, Pudgy. I like to kill. Wolves and buffaloes and antelopes and Indians and men. «- You kmow what I do when I'm out on the prairie and there ain't nothing in sight to kill? Me CABE: I wouldn't have no idea.
17) 35) dialog: Why, I wait until one of them prairie dogs sticks his head up and then I splatter that head all over the prairie. I waited a whole afternoon once.
17) 37) dialog: We ain't paying for these drinks, Pudgy.. He moves away again toward the bar, past the Kid, who ste out between Sutler and McCabe. McCabe moves oulekly away from the table to ean Qngle where Butler can't escape the shotgun's blast. Danny ducks behind the bar. Butler sees McCabe's advantage in the mirror, (CONTINUED)
17) 38) text: 193 (Cont.1) 194. Mc CABE: What do you do, Butler? Get a new kid for every job? The Kid stands uncertain, ready to draw if Butler gives t word, yet knowing he'll be dead when he does. Breed, out of the limelight, stoops slightly trying to reach his boo . McCABE: (continuing) Don't try it.
17) 40) dialog: Maybe we changed our minds. Butler moves further to one side of the Kid. Apparently it will all be over at any moment. The Kid moves a bit, drawing the shotgun toward him. Over the bar a sign reads
17) 43) text: _ McCabe moves his shotgun off the Kid and points it dire at Butler, McCABE: If this young man hawks up another, I'm going to give you a new asshole. Butler thinks about it briefly before he moves over and p his arm around the kid.
17) 44) dialog: That rifle of mine shoots eight hundred yards, Kid, Let McCabe think about that for awhile, -- Then we'll kill him, He moves his head and Breed responds immediately, heading for the door. Butler and the Eld follow. The Kid goes out and Butler turns back. (CONTINUED )
17) 46) dialog: Pay for the whiskey, Sheehan. He can't get the money out fast enough. Some change spili to the floor, but Sheehan doesn't turn back. Butler looks at McCabe, takes his cigar and throws it into a brass spittoon. .
18) 2) dialog: Get my rifle, Sheehan enters the saloon.
18) 4) dialog: Unless I miss my guess, this town probably thinks McCabe backed us off last night. We're going to start converting Presbyterian Church. Sheehan returns with the rifle, Butler takes it, checks t load and brings it to his shoulder, etill seated, Nw 199. 200. 106.
18) 5) text: The two miners have reached a spot just about parallel wi "McCabe's." TWO GUNSHOTS are fired by Butler, neatly pick off the miners' hats. The shots have caused one of the mounts to rear, tossing one of the miners to the ground. The other miner immediately wheels his horse around and r out leaving his companion in the street. He hears them laughing down at "Sheehan's" and realizing that it's just prank, moves to pick up the hats, They have fallen near o another in the street. But es the miner reaches to retrie it, TWO MORE GUNSHOTS ring out sending the hats skitterin away out of reach. INT. McCABE'S SALOON McCabe stands looking out the door, he hasn't shaved, nor has he dressed with his usual-care. Danny rises from behi the ber, where he has ducked down when the shooting began DANNY: . What was that? McCABE: ane cane IT make it about two-hundred yards. McCabe moves to the bar. McCABE: (continuing) Sign ready? Danny draws a final line on a crude sign, after which he _it up and we can read: ope
19) 0) text: The group, still amused at the antics of the miner, Butler puts the rifle up. (CONTINUED )
19) 7) dialog: You don't start nothing until I say to. Nothing Pudgy would like better than to have it out in his own saloon. Now them two miners ain't going to be taking sides with McCabe. What we're going to do is put on a little show here every day until McCabe ain't got a friend in the world. -- This is going to be done my way, Kid -<« don't you forget it. INT. MeCABE'S BEDROOM The bureau has been pushed against the door as a barricad McCabe can see the front of Sheehan's place from here. EXT, SHEEHAN'S SALOON P.0.V. McCABE'S The three gunmen and Sheehan. Very soon Mai Ling and Cind are seen climbing onto the porch. Butler remains seated as Breed, Kid and Sheehan follow them into the saloon. Butler sits calmly looking over the town.
19) 28) dialog: Take it easy, Kid, Won't be long now, Butler rises, moves into the saloon, Breed and Kid stand alone on the porch,
19) 55) dialog: He stays, McCabe shrugs, Walks in carefully, displaying the fact that he's unarmed, MeCABE: Guess IT don't have to ask who shot down that cowboy, Mai Ling and Cindy start to move toward the door, McCabe tips his hat, careful to show Butler there is no gun in it, : . McCABE: (continuing) Please stay, ladies, -- I came over to buy the house a drink, Sheehan is greatly affected by McCabe's audacity,
19) 57) text: 225 (Cont ,) “225, Sheehan looks to Butler who nods, Sheehan sets up glasses ‘Land pours, All drink, McCabe proposes a toast, ~ McCABE: (continuing ) Gentlemen, I give you Presbyterian Church, . .
19) 58) dialog: Hell, Pudgy -- I was figuring: on taking it, tomorrow, McCABE: I make it to be tomorrow my own self,
19) 63) text: 225 (Cont,1) . MeCABE: I an, Butler rises, crosses to McCabe,
19) 64) dialog: What are the odds of you getting out of here alive? McCABE: Good, Damn good, You're supposed to make a’ fight out of it, Butler, Make the Company look good, If you don't, you probably won't get your money,
19) 65) dialog: How do you know I ain't been paid already? ‘. McCABE; . Prom the Company? <= Not on your tintype, --~ Besides, if you had any money, I believe you'd take the bet, (to Sheehan) You seem to like the odds, why don't you bet them?
19) 66) dialog: I'd say that at fifteen-to-one, you all got a pretty good bet. SHEEH. Hell, I couldn't cover * pteteen-to- one -- not with all the money he stole here, “ McCABE: Tell you what I'll do, Sheehen, I'll take five-to-one that I get every one of these sons-of-bitches,
19) 67) dialog: That's an even better bet,
19) 73) dialog: I do have a little set aside for my old age, I'11 let you hold it for awhile, Five hundred, McCabe covers Butler's five hundred with a hundred of his own, The Kid moves to the table,
19) 75) dialog: Dealer holds the stakes, Kid,
19) 77) dialog: (grins) We'll think of something,
19) 85) dialog: You keep the money right there, Pudgy, Sots I'll know whose body. to take it off of,., McCABE: T'1l see you tomorrow, . BUTLER; You might.., You know Pudgy, I got @ good look at your woman,,, McCabe exits, ignoring the Implication, and we, DISSOLYE :T0:°
20) 2) text: MoCabe runs silently to the dark wall between the office and the stairway leading to his bedroom. He stops there a stares up toward his bedroom door trying to look through Finally he moves to the stairway, but stops just short of stepping up to move around on the ground and check the ST be had raised the other day. It hes been depressed. The weight of something has forced it almost back to the atep original position, McCabe moves away back to the step's original position, McCabe moves away from the stairway, CAMERA PANNING, and reenters the ditch. INT. "McCABE'S" THREE CUTS, OF KID, waiting in the saloon, dividing his t between watching the door for McCabe's entrance -- and wa ing himself in the mirror above the bar. OF BREED, standi to one side of the office window, shotgun pointed toward door, OF BUTLER, seated on McCabe's bed, the long Sharps between his legs, its butt resting on the floor,
20) 12) text: He has just draw and shot down several. imaginary foes in mirror, Butler appears at the top of the stairs, watchiag BUTLER: . Any of them faster than the cowboy? He moves down into the saloon,
20) 14) dialog: I'm tired of waiting for the prairie dog to poke his head up.
20) 16) dialog: (tgnores him) He's here somewhere. I know it. We're going to have to get out and find him. But first I want to shoot up the place. Without a word, Breed steps to the center of the room and fires his SHOTGUN into the mirror, destroying tt. Kid, following his lead, puts on a brilliant SHOOTING exhibiti using the bottles on ths back bar for bis targets. Butler sits calmly watching them as they systematically shoot up and destroy "John Q. McCabe's," EXT. BELL TOWER McCABE Listens stoically as his place 1s shot to pleces. When th firing stops, McCabe looks down toward his saloon. EXT. McCABE'S SALOON , DAYBREAK The three men move out onto the street.
20) 17) dialog: We'll split up. Move around the town from different directions. 252. 253. 254. 2s. 256. 257. 127. P.0.V.. MoCABE!S He's too high up to hear, but Butler's gestures make it p that they are splitting the town up between them for the search. Butler and Breed leave Kid on Main Street and wal across the bridge, splitting up on the other side of it. Breed will begin his search at Mrs. Miller's, and that wh street, and Butler apparently will begin his in the Chine section. ANGLE MeCABE . His eyes follow the direction we have seen Butler take. N they move in the opposite direction... P.0.V...MsCABE'S Breed, as he moves down from Mrs, Miller's street, beginn his search on the opposite side of the street, gliding in out of shadows, shotgun ready, missing nothing. CAMERA MO OFF him, PANS TO MAIN STREET where Kid can be seen beginn bis search. CAMERA ZOOMS TO KID as he moves away from CAMERA, his back to us. BELL TOWER McCABE He's looking in the direction of Kid calculating the risk of getting him first. He makes up his mind and ateps down ento the ladder, BOOM SHOT WITH McCABE as he climbs down the ladder and into the eerie hollownes of the church itself. He reaches the bottom and reaches around for the shotgun.
21) 20) text: Butler sees him,
21) 21) dialog: {yeliing) Stay on that side, you son-of-a-bitch! He's on this street, I know it, << T'll take the other side, 7
21) 27) text: At the front of the church as Elliott, attracted by the ahouting, blunders outside. A lantern is in his hand and the shotgun. Butler turns and FIRES immediately, one shot cLosz ELLIOTT: Butler's bullet has struck him vitally. As life drains fr his eyes,
21) 29) text: Butler leaves the church without looking back, running do Main Street on the opnosite side of "McCabe's", where Bre can be seen cautiously passing the shot-out windows, Butler waves him further down.
21) 33) text: - KID: — Help me. Help me. BT : BUTLER: + ae ameter — Sure. Sure. Where is he? Just point. 7 EXD: , . Get me a doctor. It hurts. i or “{comTINvED ) NGat
21) 37) dialog: 
21) 44) text: Butler moves to a building for cover, He watches Breed, moving down the street on the other side,
24) 3) text: Include the bridge, the church, the footbridge, "McCabe's and McCabe struggling to stay alive. Butler appears on th bridge, the fire behind him making him look ommipotent. H brings his Sharps to his shoulder and FIRES. MeCabe pitch inte the aren and ites, stil in the shallow water of it. er can't see him well enough to fire again and the bridge toward him, a “6 anc Tune off 298. 299. 300. 301. 302. 135. “ANOTHER ANGLE 4 Butler runs to the spot where’ McCabe pitched into the di Nearing the edge, he keeps his rifle ready, but looking d decides it isn't necessary. Patrick Sheehan appears on th bridge in the b.g. and runs toward the ditch, when Butler sets down the Sharps. , / ANGLE ON McCABE Derby floating upside down in the dirty and reddening wat McCabe is grotesquely sprawled in the filthy ditch, appar ly lifeless. ANOTHER ANGLE BUTLER, McCABE as he steps down into the ditch, laughing. He turns McCab over in the ditch so he can reach the pocket where he kno the money is, Butler sees the instrument of his death a moment before it kills him. The sleeve of McCabe's right arm has concealed, until now, a tiny derringer held in a device often used by gamblers. The bullet from it enters Dog Butler's brain through the eye and he dies with the amile on his face,