5) 54) dialog: What do I owe you?
5) 56) dialog: Let's keep it all business, Dickey. And she moves away toward the saloon. The WIDE ANGLE CONSTANCE INCLUDE McCabe on the porch,
5) 57) dialog: (calling) You John McCabe? McCabe tips his hat. “McCABE: I am, Madame.
5) 61) text: Cort,) 75 ( ao CONSTANCE: (continuing) . . That was my last two dollars I spent out there -- It's my own fault, I guess. Too damn independent. She places her gloves on the bar top, revealing a wedding band on her finger, before she turns around and surveys what will soon be McCabe's place of business.
5) 62) dialog: (continuing) Always wanted a place of my own. McCABE: This here's my place.
5) 63) dialog: -You knew if you want to make out youfre such a dude, you ought to wear something besides that cheap Jockey Club cologne. McCABE: I don't feel nothing but sorry it bothers you, Madame,
5) 64) dialog: I don't like that "Madame" business much, either, : McCABE: I thought you might enjoy the promotion. :
5) 65) dialog: You're somewhat of a frontier wit, aren't you? McCabe dismisses her remark with a wave of his hand. She takes a cigarette from her purse and lights it, ignoring his proferred light. She looks at McCabe squarely.
5) 66) dialog: (contimuing) I'm a whore, (CONTINUED )
5) 68) dialog: I mean to run a real whore- house. McCABE: Like I said, Presbyterian Church's already got a whorehouse.
5) 69) dialog: You call those three Bearpaw crib girls whores? McCABE: Not much to look at, but if they didn't have to sleep, they'd be at it twenty-four hours a day.
5) 70) dialog: This town needs a "house." You put it up, and I'll take care of the girls and the running ex- penses. McCabe laughs, McCABE: Just like that...
5) 71) dialog: Why not? Itll pay you back for the cost of the place, and you'll atill get your fifty percent, MeCABE: I've been doing all right so far -- Besides, I already planned to build a “house.” Why do I need you? (CONTINUED )
5) 74) dialog: Did you ever try to run a bunch of girls? Working girls --? Why you'd have this town clapped up inside of two weeks, Can you handle drunks without any trouble? What do you do with ea whore that falls in love? questions McCabe hasn't asked himself before. about it, but has grave doubts. McCABE: It would mean a lot of money. Mrs. Miller, is 1t? I can see you got expensive tastes, Mrs. Miller. I'm a gambler, but I don't never take chances. . on it. Constance presses her advantage.
5) 75) dialog: When business is slow my girls can deal for you. We'll make more money for you than those three crib cows - ever could. McCABE: How did you know I bought those girls in Bearpaw?
5) 76) dialog: I saw you buy them from Archer, I worked there, too, I sold everything to buy myself out. McCABE: Why'd you leave?
5) 77) dialog: Because it was dirty -- and because I don't want to be a Bearpaw Terri‘or.ai Mining Company whore. (CONTINUED)
5) 78) text: Cont.3 75 (Gont.4) . McCABE: Neither do I, He pours two glasses, McCABE: (continuing) Have a drink, Mrs, Miller, This time Constance tosses hers off, too, McCabe touches the wedding band on her finger, McCABE: (continuing ) What about your old man?
5) 79) dialog: I don't have one, I just wear this to be respectable,
5) 108) dialog: Are you drunk? -- Never mind, I can see you are, What do you want? Go home, : McCABE: : The boys wish to know when your whores are coming, Madame, And so do I, So far you've cost me all the money I made here and none is coming back, The whole town thinks I am rich and the truth is I am broke, ‘
5) 109) dialog: You have to spend money to make money, : McCABE: You seem to think I am nothing but a bank, Madame, Tell me when the whores are coming since Ihave peid for their Goddamn transportation and for a God- damn beth house which I will lay eight- toefive ain't never going to be used,
5) 110) dialog: You could stand to use it right now, McCABE: We're not talking about me,
5) 111) dialog: Tne hell we're not, You're just as anxious for the girls as the rest of then, MeCABE: Bullshit, Madame -- , You will never see me standing in line, (CONTINUED)
5) 115) dialog: You're all the same, McCabe, God . knows it and I know'it, Anyway, the girls will be here tomorrow, You better get started on my whorehouse,
5) 144) dialog: Come on in, rls, You got wood floors and hot watef -- something you never had in Denver, so stop complaining,
5) 146) dialog: (to driver) Put all their stuff in that other tent,
5) 153) dialog: Don't you know when you're weli off? A "house! will come, A real ‘house,’ I promise you, In the meantime, just that this isn't a company town ought to be enough, I'll go right down the middle with you girls,
5) 155) dialog: They're all yours, but no free rides /- and no drinking, I won't stand for any drunken whores during business hours, And when it's slow, you take turns dealing for McCabe,
5) 160) dialog: There were some other girls here, We gave them to the Chinamen,
5) 162) text: aa 63 (Cont,1) Constance
5) 165) dialog: That's enough! Any more of this and you can sell your ass in Bearpaw! -° Now this is Lily, She'll see You've got plenty of towels and since she's already seen damn near everybody in town, she knows who the trouble- makers are, Lily rewards them with a grin, The driver enters the tent Constance Constance moves to him,
5) 166) dialog: Take your hat off, i (he complies) What do you want?
5) 168) dialog: What do I owe you?
5) 170) dialog: But,.nothing, This is business, Here's your money,
5) 172) dialog: Thank you, . (CONTINUED)
5) 177) dialog: You've got enough, Five dollars, Take your choice, Mai Ling,
5) 181) text: The driver pays Constance and moves toward Mai Ling,
5) 182) dialog: You have to take a bath first, Shit, I ain bath, Mai Ling moves very cl bis ear, (turn: I still ain!
6) 4) dialog: It's up to you, Lily -- If there's lint in their belly buttons, you know they didn't bathe. She moves toward the entrance. Lily stations herself behi the cubicle flap, As Mrs. Miller is about to poke her hea out, McCabe appears. TWO SHOT McCABE CONSTANCE A slight, mowing smile tugs at the corners of her mouth,
6) 6) dialog: Maybe you ought to check on the service. McCASE: oe I'm sure you know your business, ve Te Madame -- Are you -- aveilable --
6) 7) text: as well? — CONSTANCE: . Why? McCABE: a Idle curiosity, Madame. +O Shain per eneREER———— more, oa TR ee
6) 8) dialog: (flat) : o ao My price is twenty-five dollars..." MeCabe is angered and cen't conceal it. .He turns and exi
6) 10) dialog: No drunks and no rowdiness. When you enter the tent, step behind the flap for inspection, Mo one allowed without a bath and I'll tolerate no abuse of the girls. “MINER: What about you, Mrs. Miller? Some of the others in line AD LIB agreement with the noti
6) 12) dialog: Looking after McCabe for a BEAT before she answers,
6) 13) dialog: (laughing) You flatter me boys. But twenty-five cash is all that it taxes. She reenters the tent after another look after McCabe. CLOSE MeCABE Angry with himself for caring whstner Constance “ilier sc svery man in town or not, 97. S2.
7) 7) dialog: Pive dollars, Mr. Jacobs -- you'll be glad we did that some day. Moultry pays.
7) 9) dialog: They're all the same.
7) 15) text: To INCLUDE Constance Miller standing just outside the bat wing doors. She carries a small atrongbox. McCabe calls after Hey You, obviously for the benefit of Mrs. Miller, McCABE: I get if I ever get any Goddamn money! Mrs. Miller walks by him into the saloon. ‘CONSTANCE: Why are you always in such a bad temper? . McCabe closes and locks the inside door of the saloon, MeCABE: Por one thing, it is because ever since you came here you have cost me nothing but money -- This shit must cease, Madame. I have not sold a full bottle of whiskey today, and that's a fact,
7) 16) dialog: Because every man in town was taking a bath in your bath house or laying up with a girl in your whorehouse, . McCABE: But I have not seen any of that money, Madame, and my books show that what I need most of all right now is money. : She spots the books, moves to the table and sets down the strongbox. . so CONSTANCE: I have the bath house money and the whorehouse money for the first night right here. She dumps the contents of the box on the table. The take considerable, . . 100. -ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE * 55. “ And McCabe is considerably impressed with the amount. CAMERA PANS with him to table and he begins to count.
7) 17) dialog: (continuing) — We missed a lot of bath money because of the rush, but there's almost three hundred dollars there. McCabe continues to count out loud, makes a mistake, star over with an impatient glance at Mrs. Miller, She pours herself « drink, then looks at the open books. At first i is cursory, then she peruses them with growing interest, which soon turns to emusement.
7) 18) dialog: (continuing) How could you tell? McCabe stops counting, exasperated, McCABE: How could I tell what?
7) 19) dialog: You said your books showed you need money. I'd like to know how you figured that, because these books are impossible, McCABE: I'll thank you to keep out of things you don't understand.
7) 20) dialog: We're partners. I have a right to see the books, McCABE: We are not partners in my saloon or my gambling or my opium business.
7) 21) dialog: Some business «= opium. . McCABE: If it had not been for opium, Mrs. High-and-Mighty-Miller, there would be no bath house, no whorehouse, and more then likely, no saloon, You might remember that. (CONTINUED )
7) 23) dialog: There's no whorehouse now, McCABE: Jesua Christ, Madame -- we only atarted today. . :
7) 24) dialog: T mow it, but we could make twice as much if.we had a proper "house." McCABE: How come whenever we talk about spending money it is always "we."
7) 25) dialog: De you think I want to do this for -the rest of my life? -- I have plans, McCabe, One of these days I am_going to pack up and go to San Francisco. I'm going to sell you my half-interest and I'm going to have a boarding house in San Francisco with a brownstone front, McCABE: T can just see you running a boarding house. I'd like to get a good look at them boarders. . CONSTANCE: . I kmow what you're thinking -- It just proves how dumb you are. Mc CABE: Iam plenty smart enough for Presbyterian Church, and that's a fact.
7) 26) dialog: You won't prove how smart you are by these books. I better help you with em. McCABE: It is not a woman's place to stick her nose in books. -But Mrs. Miller has seated herself in McCabe's chair and is poring down a column of figures. She looks up at him.
7) 27) dialog: What is seven from eleven? (CONTINUED)
7) 28) text: 100 (Cont.1) McCabe thinks too long on the answer. CONSTANCE: (Cont.) Nine from sixteen? No reply.
7) 29) dialog: (continuing) How much 1s sixteen and nineteen? eo While we're at it, how do you spell "groceries" -- "supplies" -- "salary?" McCabe's ledger is prompting these questions. McCABE: Madame, I can hold my own in any game of chance with any amount you can count. I can figure odds and pay-offs before you can blink, and I can tell you how much the bartenders are stealing by looking at the empty bottles. -- It takes me a little longer to write it down formal. .
7) 30) dialog: From now on, I'll help you with the books. -- If only to protect my interest. McCABE: I warn you, Madame =» don't push me too far, oy
7) 31) dialog: It'll take me a day or two to reconcile these figures, but I can tell already-that you have more money than you think. -- More than enough to begin building my "house." Mrs. Miller gathers up the books and heads for the door i @ very business-like manner, McCABE: The whorehouse will be built when I say it will be built end not before! : (CONTINUED)
7) 34) dialog: Good night, John. -~ She unlocks the door and exits. McCABE:° (shouting after her) Four, Goddamn it! -- Seven from eleven is four! : And, on at least this partial victory for McCabe, we
7) 38) dialog: There it is, girls. -- I even got real beds and real mattresses for you. Each of you has a separate Poon.
10) 0) text: as Constance Miller, refusing invitations for everything, and adroitly eluding the hands of her Guests, leaves the parlor and heads upstairs. She is not having a very good 121. 123. 125. 67. NEW ANGLE . The second floor, Nothing much up here but a few pictures and several doors, Mrs. Miller heads for one of the rooms located at the end of the hall, A door opens and a man enters the hall from one of the bedrooms. His eyes light and he makes a grab for Mrs. Miller, who ducks away and continues, The man starts to follow.
10) 1) dialog: Get away from ms, you son-of-a- bitch or I'll make a soprano out of you! The man reaches uncontrollably to protect his groin area as Mrs. Miller slips into her bedroom.
12) 2) text: Constance turns down the light and moves to the door to listen as the footsteps reach the top of the outside stai Now there is NO SOUND at all -- and when the silence grow so loud that she can't stand it another second, Mrs, Mill throws open the door, 126. 127. “EXT. STAIRWAY MeCABE
12) 4) dialog: ‘What do you want, you son-of-a- bitch? McCABE: Goddammit, Constance -- this is my town, and I want to celebrate,
12) 5) dialog: Don't try to fool me with that Goddamn Bay Rum -- get on down there and take a bath.. : McCABE: Madame -- I have been in the water so long my ass has wrinkled up.
12) 6) dialog: Well get in here, then, before you catch your death. McCABE: Thank you, She widens the door for him to enter, and as he steps thr McCabe picks her up and kisses her hard on the mouth. A m comes from deep within her somewhere before McCabe kicks deor shut behind him and we: DISSOLVE To:
13) 3) dialog: I've got things to do. ot McCABE: Someone waiting?
13) 4) dialog: Why don't you grow up for orissakes. . McCABE: Why don't you? -- You won't never have no better chance to be an honest woman. if you had sense enough to pour piss out of a boot, you'd know that,
13) 5) dialog: I've got news for you, John Alden. I don't never want to be a Goddamn honest woman, as youso nicely put it. I like being a whore, And I must be Pretty good at it, too, if you want to take me away from all of this after one roll in the hay! McCabe gets up and starts to ‘dress with angry motions. McCABE: You won't never find no better man than me, Madame. : (CONTINUED )
13) 7) dialog: I never belonged to a man before and I never will, -- You want to do something for me? Buy.me out, you cheap son-of-a-bitch and let me go to San Prancisco and build my boarding house, McCABE: That's what you'd like, isn't it? ‘ CONSTANCE: You're Goddamn right it is. What do you think? That you're some great lover or something? You don't even take off your long johns. Sleeping with you's like taking a bath with your socks on. McCABE: Well, figure out what you got coming, 'sause I had an offer yesterday from the Bearpaw Territorial Mining Company. All the foregoing words were shouted in anrer and designe to hurt by both of them...but a real offer to sell is something else again. Mrs. Miller thinks on her reply bef she answers, her tone changing.
13) 8) dialog: How’ much? McCABE: Twelve thousand dollars, -- I figure You got about four coming for your end.
13) 9) dialog: Looks like I really will wind up behind a brownstone front in San Francisco, after all. McCABE: Looks that way... (beat) Except that I never accepted their offer,
13) 10) dialog: How much you asking them? McCABE: Nothing -- I'm not going to sell, that's all. I got a position here, (CONTINUED )
13) 13) dialog: Why not? McCABE: Because it'll cost me my self- respect. My reputation.
13) 14) dialog: Take your precious self-respect to a bank sometime and see what you get for it. McCABE: You don't have the slightest idea what it'll mean to me in cash if it gets out that I can be bluffed by a twoebit offer from the Bearpaw Territorial Mining Company.
13) 15) dialog: What will it mean in cash if you're face down in a ditch? Can't you for once be smart? Take the offer. Goddam it, they're going to win and you Imow it. . McCABE: Not on your tintype, Madame. Mrs. Miller goes to the door and opens it.
13) 16) dialog: |Get the hell out of here, you dumb bastard. |
13) 22) dialog: I don't take money from dead men. McCabe turns and leaves.
14) 31) dialog: I smile because when I was a little girl I thought if I smiled enough I. wouldn't get punished, -- And I'm glad your back, McCABE: It's funny, I never thought of whores being little girls -- ever,
14) 32) dialog: Did you think we ail gct scraped ofr some well or something? Jesus.
14) 34) dialog: Why are you staring et me? McCABE: Trying to figure how many times you sold yourself while I was gone.
14) 35) dialog: Whet difference does it make? You really like to put yourself through (CONTINUED)
14) 36) text: 146 (Cont.) She can't 80. CONSTANCE: (Cont. )} it, don't you? This is a business. The suckers don't get no real part of me. I lie there for them. Don't try to make anything out of it. <= Haven't you got enough to worry about? Lo McCABE: Plenty. And you don't help me none.
14) 38) dialog: Are you trying to be funny? -- The Mining Company -- what did they say? McCABE:. T didn't talk to them. believe it.
14) 40) dialog: What for? . McoCABE: You don't think I'm going to take this lying down?
14) 42) dialog: The birds will love it. -= You really fixed yourself now. McCABE:: Come on back to bed, (CONTINUED)
15) 60) dialog: What if I would have been him? McCABE: Itve learned your footsteps, Madame,
15) 61) dialog: What are you going to do? McCA3E: Try my best to keep from being assassinated, if the truth were kmown, Are you worried?
15) 62) dialog: I came to do the books. McCABE: Oh, yes. The Goddamn books. You mst do the books, for crissekes, I don't want to leave any loose ends. ‘She moves to where the books are kept and turns the ligh She sits down and peruses them, McCabe takes his revolver from its holster and begins to spin the cylinder with an annoying CLICKING SOUND, :
15) 63) dialog: Do you have to do that? McCABE: Yes,
15) 64) dialog: Why don't you get some help? McCABE: From who? .I'm the gunfighter. I got the rep. This is my town and my fight.
15) 65) dialog: Hell of a time to decide that. -- What about the Chinamen? You helped them plenty, McCABE: I helped. them when it was a help to me. They don't owe me nothing,
15) 66) dialog: Danny? | McCABE: Is a bartender... (CONTINUED)
15) 68) dialog: See what playing with guns gets you? McCA3E=: Constance, I'll be back -- I'll thank you to turn the light dow before I open the door.
16) 2) dialog: You could sell out, . (CONTINUED )
16) 5) dialog: Why rot ride down to Bearpaw and tell them you reconsidered? McCABE: No. e- When you live in a flat you got to pay the.rent, The rent's due now and that's a1] there is to it,
16) 6) dialog: I don't know what the hell you're talk- ing about, McCABE: I don't expect you to understand,
16) 7) dialog: Don't expect me to feel sorry for you, either. . McCABE: I'm not expecting nothing.
16) 8) dialog: You're afraid to, Nervous, McCabe again leaves the bed and moves to the win As he peers out into the blackness seeing nothing - and a thing -- we
16) 26) dialog: Then stop staring at it. McCABE: I went to know when he comes.
16) 27) dialog: You'll know. Half: the town told you about that cowboy. : McCABE: That's where you're wrong, Madame. When he really comes, nobody will tell me,
16) 28) dialog: Are you going to stand there all night looking out the window? It's bad for business, “ MeCABE: That's all you think about, lan't it?
16) 29) dialog: ‘ It's all I know, Goddammit. And if I'd ‘ve had any sense I would have gotten out of here while the getting was good, . - MeCASE: That's the Company whore coming out in you.
16) 30) dialog: I'd rather be a Company whore than a dead Madame, : (CONTINUED )
16) 32) dialog: Then go and nurse it in your own bed and stay out of mine.
19) 88) dialog: You look nice, except for that damn pistol, And a shotgun, Jesus! Couldn't you leave it home on your... Their eyes meet, Neither wants to complete the sentence, McCABE: — It wouldn't do no good, Constance,
19) 89) dialog: I guess not, Especially since - that bet, Why did you heve to go and make that bet? McCABE: Den't make no difference, I'ma gambler, Constance, Might as well sweeten the pot, make it good,
19) 90) dialog: I don't know how you got the nerve to go over there, McCABE: Did I ever tell you about the time that I got caught by Indians?
19) 91) dialog: You are crazy, MeCABE: They came up on me, but I had smelled them first so when they came I was smoking a cigar, They walked around me for awhile acting crazy so I raised my hand, I told them I was sorry, but T couldn't fight them right now until after I had finished my cigar, but thet when I was thropeh, I'd be croas- ing the river downstream about a half- a-mile, I knew them Indians wouldn't Pass up no chance for an ambush, so when they went down there, I rode out the other way,
19) 94) dialog: What should I do, make a side bet? : MoCABE: I don't want you to worry none, Ho matter what happens, they ain't going to be in no shape to bother you;
19) 95) dialog: Me? -- What the hell could they do to me that hasn't already been done, McCABE: You got a worried leok on you,
19) 96) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch, don't you think I could be worried about you? McCABE: This is no time for an argunent, McCabe takes out his pistol and checks it; then begins flipping it from hand to hand,
19) 97) dialog: (shouts) Will you, for crissakes, put that thing away! McCABE: I didn't know it meant that much,
19) 98) dialog: You know I hate the goddamn thing! He puts it away. MeCABE: ra I'm sorry, 7 me CONSTANCE: : 7 = ee I bet you are, ‘ McCABE: wine I mean it. I'm really sorry, ... Constance,
19) 103) dialog: It doesn't make any difference now, I tried all I kmow to get .you to leave, MeCABE: I ain't no good at seying I'm sorry, T ain't never been this close to somebody,
19) 104) dialog: I told you, it doesn't make any difference, MeCaBE: It does to me, This last, somehow soft, McCABE: (continuing } You better take them clothes off and get under the covers,
19) 105) dialog: You didn't get any invitation, McCABE: I'm asking for one, now, If I 2 knew how to do Romeo and Juliet, I'd do it, == And please turn the lights down, too, She dims the light very low, They are little more than silhouettes, now,
19) 107) dialog: It's fust that you never asked me anything nicely before, She resumes undressing and slips under the covers,
19) 111) dialog: John. You don't have to say another word, . MoCABE: -If it were daytime, I'd go and pick you wild flowers. -- Turn the light up a little. I want to see you. She reaches up and turns it a little brighter, His arms a around her and one hand strokes her hair. Ee feels someth irregular. McCABE: (continuing) Just here your hair feels funny. I've never felt it before,
19) 112) dialog: I was working with a whiskey wagon one winter and there was no place to sleep-except outside, It got frozen to the ground and they.had to chop it with an are, He kisses her hair right there, And then her eyes and her shoulder and her lips and her ears and she kisses him bac John. Now! CONSTANCE: ohn. Now. . MoCABE: . Listen to me, Constance, Listen to me. I got poetry in me if you would only listen to me. -- All my life I been walking around with a block of ice in- side me, I've wanted to feel your body warm for me sometimes so bad that the ache. for it nearly busts me. I never wanted to do nothing but put a amile on your face. Oh God, how I (CONTINUED)
19) 113) text: Nae” “2ee 123. 230 (Cont.) 231. 232. 233. MeCaBE: (Cont. ) hate for them bastards to put their bands on you. Jesus, how I used to hate being over there when I knew some son-of-a-bitch was with you over here. Oh, God, Constance -- “ you ain't nothing but the best looker I ever seen... But the words, THE words, just don't come, He's trying to say "I love you" end trying not to say it too. Constance reaches up and dims the light again.
19) 114) dialog: Love me, John. Love me... and they begin, CAMERA MOVING AWAY from them, FLOATING, MOVING to the window and the pouring rain and the rain's SOUND mixed with those of McCabe end Mrs. Miller...