7) 41) dialog: I could've damm near touched that one with the red hair.
7) 42) dialog: It's a good thing you didn't. ‘ FIRST KID: Why?
7) 43) dialog: I don't know -- it's a good thing, that's all.
7) 44) dialog: You could get something, that's why. : ‘FIRST KID: What?
7) 45) dialog: "Infamouse," that's what. That's what my mother calls Mrs. Miller.
7) 46) dialog: What the hell's "infamouse?"
7) 47) dialog: I don't know.
7) 48) dialog: Well I do. It's awful, Runs down your leg and rots off your heel,
7) 49) dialog: Jesus...
17) 28) text: 192 (Cont.) 193. McCABE: Give Mr. Butler's friends cigars, too. Lt They all take one but the Kid. Butler moves back to the Faro table, lifts a chair up with two fingers. He's still testing McCabe, and when he tenses, Butler pulls the chai back and ‘sits in it heavily.
17) 38) text: 193 (Cont.1) 194. Mc CABE: What do you do, Butler? Get a new kid for every job? The Kid stands uncertain, ready to draw if Butler gives t word, yet knowing he'll be dead when he does. Breed, out of the limelight, stoops slightly trying to reach his boo . McCABE: (continuing) Don't try it.
17) 42) dialog: I just spit on your floor. Showdown!
17) 43) text: _ McCabe moves his shotgun off the Kid and points it dire at Butler, McCABE: If this young man hawks up another, I'm going to give you a new asshole. Butler thinks about it briefly before he moves over and p his arm around the kid.
18) 3) dialog: What are you going to do Butler?
19) 6) dialog: If it was up to me, we'd go in there right now and get him good.
19) 27) dialog: Ain't we about ready to take that tin horn? I'm tired of shooting bottles,
19) 34) dialog: Play us a tune, cowboy, The cowboy reins in and smiles engagingly,
19) 36) dialog: Let mo see it, He slips it off and hands it down to Kid, He takes it, holds it as though he wers going to play, then deliberate RIPS OUT the strings, He looks up toward the cowboy, Breed laughs,
19) 37) dialog: Damn, He sees the rope tied to the cowboy's saddle horn,
19) 38) dialog: (continuing) Let me see you do e rope trick,
19) 40) dialog: What the hell cen you do?
19) 43) dialog: Puck Butler, -- Can you shoot, cowboy? (CONTINUED)
19) 49) dialog: Hell, it's probably your gun, -- (he smiles) - . Let me take a look at it for you, The young cowboy, never dreaming he is about to die, reaches for his gun to hand it over, Kid draws, fast as lightning, and puts four bullets into the young cowboy who pitches off his horse into the street, dead before he leaves the saddle, ,
19) 50) dialog: Son-of-a-bitch tried to draw on me,., INT, McCABE'S BEDROOM — , NIGHT McCabe, dressing in his finest, Eyes clear, shaved, hair slicked back, gleaming collar and cuffs, He sets his derby in that jaunty angle, takes a final look at himself in the mirror and moves out of the bedroom, He is complet ly unarmed, : EXT, McCABE'S SALOON NIGHT He steps from the porch and moves toward the SOUNDS emit- ting from Sheehan's saloon, : TRUCKING SHOT McCABE as he walks along, knowing he's in danger, yet determined to carry.it out, When he has reached the front of "Sheehan's," he stops and takes a hard look for signs of ambush, They're all inside, : ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE He strikes a match and lights a cigar, The match illumi- mates the dead body of the young cowboy sprawled in the street in the same position he died, McCabe needs no second look to realize he's dead, He lights the cigar and moves toward "Sheehan's," 225.
19) 54) dialog: I ain't no kid of yours, McCABE: This conversation's for grown ups, sonny, Find somsthing to do,
19) 74) dialog: Who's going to hold the stakes?
19) 78) dialog: I"ll take twenty-five,
20) 2) text: MoCabe runs silently to the dark wall between the office and the stairway leading to his bedroom. He stops there a stares up toward his bedroom door trying to look through Finally he moves to the stairway, but stops just short of stepping up to move around on the ground and check the ST be had raised the other day. It hes been depressed. The weight of something has forced it almost back to the atep original position, McCabe moves away back to the step's original position, McCabe moves away from the stairway, CAMERA PANNING, and reenters the ditch. INT. "McCABE'S" THREE CUTS, OF KID, waiting in the saloon, dividing his t between watching the door for McCabe's entrance -- and wa ing himself in the mirror above the bar. OF BREED, standi to one side of the office window, shotgun pointed toward door, OF BUTLER, seated on McCabe's bed, the long Sharps between his legs, its butt resting on the floor,
20) 15) dialog: I knew he'd leave town when he got that money,
21) 1) text: McCabe peeks around the corner and looks down the street toward Kid, whose back is to McCabe as he stands peering between two buildings, having moved only scant yards from where we last saw him. McCabe carefully sights his Colt i Kid's direction. _ 0 CLOSER ANGLE McCABE He would like to put a bullet in the kid's back, but the @istance is too great. He looks o.s. toward the corner of the bridge. . WIDE ANGIE . Kid doesn't turn around as McCabe is seen in the far b.g. running across the street to gain the cover of the bridge Kid moves off down the street a few paces, ANGLE McCABE Again he has sighted Kid's back, but the few paces he has pored down the street again increased the distance too mu or a shot. :
21) 9) dialog: Standing still now, watching, cocking and re-cocking, ten to spin around at the slightest sound. Behind him, McCabe runs from the cover of the bridge, trying to cover the SO of the mid sucking at his boots by timing his steps to th SOUND of the Kid's fiddling with his guns. When McCabe ta one too many steps and the SOUND of the mid sucking after bocts is startling, Kid hears it. He cocks both his guns, but there's a moment when the Kid is afraid to turn aroun and afraid not to.
21) 10) text: McCabe has his gun out at arm's length in front of him. W he cocks it, the SOUND triggers Kid into spinning around, te his eyes don't find McCabe in the rain before McCabe res,
21) 17) text: Stepping from the shadows on the other street, darting ac it at the side of the whorehouse and running across the f bridge. ANGLE McCABE He has reached the boards in front of the barber shop, bu just as he steps up, the mud nearly pulls his boots off, the near b.g., Kid, covered with mud, hat off, propped up one elbow steadying his gun hand with the other, FIRES. T bullet hits McCabe in the leg. He falls, gets to his feet forces the lock off the barber shop door and literally fa inside. INT, BARBER SHOP McCABE ‘He crawls to the barber chair, pulls himself up into it holds his leg, grimacing with pain, Blood pours from the wound.
21) 31) dialog: God help me. Please God, help me... Butler moves ir near hin, looking everywhere at once. Be- hind them the church is beginning to show signs of fire.
21) 33) text: - KID: — Help me. Help me. BT : BUTLER: + ae ameter — Sure. Sure. Where is he? Just point. 7 EXD: , . Get me a doctor. It hurts. i or “{comTINvED ) NGat
21) 36) dialog: Help me. Help me, .