8) 11) dialog: We'd like to have a little talk with you, McCabe. : McCabe looks at him closely, decides he Probably doesn'+ like Sears, and moves into the saloon as Sears tries to complete the handshake. INT. McCABE'S- SALOON NIGHT McCabe moves directly behind the bar, which has neither bartender nor customers, to get another bottle. Sears follows, despite the rejection, still confident.
8) 13) dialog: . (continuing) It's no secret that there are some pretty good zinc deposits here, and we have been... (CONTINUED )
8) 17) dialog: It was on the card -- the Bearpaw Territorial Mining Company. As I wes seying, we were waiting for the - ah - propitious moment, as it were, to put in a bid for those deposits, McCABE: Waat's stopping you? I don't ow any fucking zinc mines.
8) 18) dialog: I was empowered to speak to you because we were given to understand that you were the leading citizen around here, A man of common sense, if you know what I mean. McCASE: That's the first thing you said that did make sense. :
8) 19) dialog: We like to deal with people of quality and intelligence. Men who've got a feeling for reality. McCABE: That's enough of that shit, Eugene. You want to buy me out, right? -- What's the offer? Sears is annoyed at not being able to continue his pitch, but reaches into his pocket producing ean official-lookin paper which he refers to,
8) 20) dialog: The Company won't go any higher than twelve thousand dollars. McCABE: For the whole town?
8) 21) dialog: Oh, no, Mr. McCabe. You see, we don't have to buy the whole town. (CONTINUED )
8) 22) text: 113 (Cont.1) 114. 65. a SEARS: (Cont. )-. Once we own the bath house, the saloons, and control the gambling and prostitution, we can pretty much name our own price for the rest. McCabe takes a long time to answer. McCABE: Up your ass. Sears is not sure he has heard correctly.
8) 23) dialog: - I beg your pardon? “McCABE: Up your Bearpaw Territorial Mining Company ass. McCabe moves around the bar and lurches out the door, EXT. McCABE'S SALOON STREET DAY The tug-of-war is a dead heat. There has been plenty of slipping and sliding, but most everyone is in the seme pl as they were before. ‘sanding drunkenly on the top step, looking as though he were ready to pass out, McCabe watch for a BEAT, Behind him, Bugene Sears steps out of the sal trying to figure why the approach, so often successful, failed here. He is just in time to HEAR McCabe let out a wild whoop, draw his gun and fire with an expertise not e Pected of a man that drunk. His shot Severs the rope betw the two tugging teams. McCABE: I declare this match a draw. Nobody loses in Presbyterian Church, and that's a Goddamn fact! The drinks are on me, . As McCabe turns back into the saloon, followed by the hooting, happy, drunken, brawling residents of his town, CAMERA PANS with Eugene Sears. He steps out into the stre to the site of the tug-of-war, bends down and Picks up th two ends of the rope Parted by McCabe's bullet. 43 Sears stares thoughtfully back into the saloon, we: