0) 5) text: For a closer look. Calling Presbyterian Church a communit is giving it all the best of it. There are a few ramshack wooden structures on stilts, but the town consists mostly of tents and has been hurriedly throm up along ea main street which is little more than a muddy bog. There are some mine entrances fronting the main street, but they no longer produce ore and have been converted into primitive dwellings of a sort. A crude aign over the entrance to one of these abandoned mines reads: SHEEHAN'S SALOON AND HOTEL. NO UNESCORTED WHORES ALLOWED. ANOTHER ANGLE “SEEEHAN'S" As PAT SHEEHAN himself moves out of the former mine shaft throws a bucket of God-knows-what out onto the muddy stre nearly drenching a couple of CHINAMEN who are Picking the way from dry spot to dry spot. The Chinamen register thei complaints, but Sheehan pays no attention -- as though dumping garbage on Chinamen was a way of life. Sheehan is filthy and unshaven -- a dirty black Irishman with a dirt black temper to match, He turns ‘and re-enters his saloon "Sheehan's," in fact, actually sums up the amount of grow Presbyterian Church has so far experienced. It began with the mine shaft, the next addition had been a wooden room ‘used as a bar room, Additional Space for living quarters has now been provided by a tent off to one side,
1) 3) text: As McCabe rides onto the muddy main street. As he passes “Sheehan's,” the proprietor steps out onto the porch. Ig- noring him, McCabe rides past the saloon.
1) 4) dialog: Ain't nothing up there but hard- rock miners. This here's the only saloon. - McCabe continues on. Sheehan calls after him.
1) 5) dialog: Trail don't lead nowhere but right back down here. McCabe rides on. ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE as he continues along the all-but-impassable street. A CORNISH WATER WHEEL appears in the f.g., its suspended sluice leading to a small stream nearby. The wheel is sti
3) 7) text: SHEEHAN: -o I got a chair back here if you want one.
3) 13) dialog: You ain't leaving, are ya? I was Just going to set up a bottle on the house, Sheehan moves to the doorway. All eyes are looking toward McCabe, o.s. Miners AD LIB, disappointed, accusing.
3) 22) dialog: Prozen. One might think from his expression that McCabe was about to draw on him, He doesn't speak. 33. 9. ANGLE McCABE Me: 3 (coolly) The chair...
3) 23) dialog: Oh. He goes to the back room and returns quickly with a chair McCabe uses the time to sceremoniously spread the blanket Over the rough surface of the table. The miners relax and help him smooth it out. Sheehan sets the chair down. Trapped by McCabe's matter-of-fact attitude, Sheehan help him into the chair as though he were McCabe's servant. McCabe beams his thanks, sits quickly, takes out an unope deck of cards, shows the seal around before earefully breaking it, and expertly spreads the cards on the blanke The entire group has now gathered around the table in anticipation. McCabe folds his arms in front of him and waits. No one speaks. He graces each of the four seated miners with a smile. P.0.V. McCABE THE FOUR MINERS CAMERA PANS They are all bad breath and elbows. Dusty, dirty, unshave unkempt, decaying teeth, facial hair which even money say houses lice. CALEB LEDBETTER, FOSTER PATCH, BRIAN KELLY a MOULTRY JACOBS, Each man returns McCabe's look with what Passes for a smile in Presbyterian Church. BACK TO SCENE mm McCabe locks up at Sheehan who hovers nearby. 7 - ae McCABE: Where's the bottle of whiskey? ls. oc. 0.) SHERMAN: Who's going to pay? Miners laugh, - McCABE: Minute ago yow said the house was, “Sheehan sputters. a LEDBETTER: That's what he said.
3) 27) dialog: You and me ain't made no deal yet. My name's Pat Sheehan. I own this saloon,. McCABE: How much a bottle?
3) 28) dialog: Bottle's... three dollars.
3) 31) dialog: Do I split your winnings? McCABE: If you split my losses.
3) 32) dialog: Imm furnishing the place. . McCABE: And I'm furnishing the customers.
3) 34) text: 34 (Cont.1) He reaches into his pocket, careful to pull out only two dollars, He hands the money to Sheehan, . . McCABE: T'll stand my own losses...you make - your profit on the whiskey. Sheehan weighs the proposition <3 ultimately moving to th bar to get the whiskey. McCabe picks up the cards and atarts to shuffle, He sets the deck in front of Ledbetter nis right. . McCABE: You boys don't know nothing about me and I don't know nothing about you, so what do you say we make this a nickel game. I can't afford to lose much right off to begin with. e- By the way, what happened ¢o the unescorted "ladies" that aren't allowed in here? . :
3) 40) dialog: (creeping respect) You ain't "Pudgy" McCabe, McCABE: . Used to be called that.
3) 41) dialog: The gunfighter? McCabe looks at his hole card without answering. All the miners look toward him,
3) 42) dialog: (continuing) You the one that killed Bill Roundtree? McCABE: . The very same,
3) 46) dialog: You don't look so pudgy to me. , MeCaBE: Living in this country's enough to thin out any man. ~- Pair of fours bet.
3) 51) dialog: What about Bill Roundtree? Ledbetter has won two hands in a row and has had four or drinks, He kills the bottle, pouring another and expansiv Orders another bottle. Sheehan moves to get it. McCABE: This town got @ name?
3) 66) dialog: No. Why? _
3) 68) dialog: Then you figuring on staying? McCABE: « Well, these boys got me stuck pretty good here. I'd hate to move on losers. :
3) 71) dialog: That's my price te every man, eee McCABE:. Many Chinamen up here? se. (quickly) Chinamen's two dollars. McCABE: How many live up here?
3) 72) dialog: Just turn over a rock. . - MeCARE: : Who sells them their ‘mud?! You?
3) 74) text: 36 (Cont. 3) 37. . Sheehan 16.
3) 80) text: Sheehan, you ain't sold three bottles all month --, This dealer's going to put you over,
3) 82) dialog: We never settled on where you was Bing to stay.
3) 85) dialog: Them boys got to go to work soon -- Itll hold a bunk for you. MoCABE:- a@~ Guess I'll just have to build my own place,
3) 87) dialog: (leughing) You'll go broke before you can get open. McCABE: : I'ma gambler, Sheehan. Just going to make a little bet on myself,
3) 88) dialog: This town aintt big enough to support one saloon, let alone two, MecCABE: Maybe net now, but with a whorehouse you'll be surprised how fast it'll grow,
5) 15) dialog: Itve got to hand it to you, Pudgey..,. McCabe reacts coldly to this informality.
5) 18) dialog: You know I want to be your friend, don't ort you, McCabe? McCABE: why?
5) 23) dialog: Why I knew the minute I seen you ride in that you was a man to be reckoned with, Why I've been telling everybody how good you are with that Colt of yours. I wouldn't want anybody to try and fatten up their rep by throwing down on you... ‘ McCABE: Come on, Sheehan -- that's a lotta crap. And you lmow it! You make me out a gim- slinger because I made you back down when IT first came here. It makes you look good. Now tell me what it is you're after and move away from that stove -- you get pretty ripe when it's warm,
5) 24) dialog: He moves away, but Sheehan is a worm who can't be insulte especially by someone obviously superior.
5) 25) dialog: Listen, McCabe, it's no secret that this town's a comer -- and I'm not saying you never had a lot to do with it. But I'm not no dummy. What's going to happen when the town gets big enough for three saloons? Maybe four?
5) 26) text: MeCABE: Tell me, Sheehan. (proudly) You an" me are going to form a partner- ship. He pauses, waiting for a reaction. McCabe continues to sh the only SOUND being the scrape of his blade on his beard
5) 27) dialog: ’ (continuing) A partnership that will keep any out- sider from coming in here and opening wp another saloon without we say it's all right and taking a cut. What do you say to that?
5) 36) dialog: That was terrific, McCabe. You could gost tell he was ready to erap hia pants, Boy did he back down... (CON TINUED )
5) 37) text: 65 (Cont.) 66. 67. McCABE: Bight-to-five says that if Tiny had of wanted a gun, he could've got it from you. Sheehan stops in the street, McCabe keeps walking away. ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE
5) 38) dialog: What ebout our partnership? McCabe reaches in his pocket, turns back and throws three @ollars toward Sheehan, McCABE: Here's three dollars. Go get in line,
5) 39) dialog: Come on, McCabe -- I got to have an answer, McCABE: That is an answer, 4nd as Sheehan stands in the mad trying to decipher the m ing, we 7,
7) 55) text: of the match itself, INTERCUTS of the crowd, as the two giants wrestle each other, break down the ropes, fall int the crowd and wind up using half the town to complete the match, The delighted crowd follows along with them. Tiny is the eventual loser, as the Canadian nearly drowns him in the dirty pond, which the rains have left in front of "Sheehan's. Across it, Sheehan moves out onto the front Porch of his saloon and watches the action, before turnin back inside,
8) 0) text: Except for one other man, "Sheehan's" is empty. The lone customer is totally medium. ‘His height, weight, coloring clothing, everything about him is commonplace, as though he were stamped out of a mold. Yet there is a peculiar an Probably unwarranted air of self-assurance about him in sharp contrast with his appearance.
8) 1) dialog: Well, McCabe's miner got his ass kicked, so the day's not all shot. - No love lost between you and McCabe... I guess.
8) 4) text: 108 (Cont.) Sheehan takes a closer look at the man. He reaches out and grabs a bottle and a glass for himself. 3 (continuing) Listen -- you got some time. "(he pours two drinks ) Let me tell you about Pudge McCabe...
8) 8) text: ‘The shadows are longer and the main event, a tug-of-war staged on the main street and involving damn near every m in town, is about ready. McCabe is somewhere in the f.g., his Colt drawn to signify the start. He carries a bottle of whiskey in his other hand. He is swaying drunkenly, bu obviously having the time of nis life. . McCABE: Drinks on me for the winners, and the losers have to spend the night in Sheehan's Hotel. This is greeted with laughter, but when McCabe FIRES for start of the tug, it becomes'a serious matter -- though sesiy half the men involved are as drunk as McCabe, or er. 112, “ANOTHER ANGLE MeCABE
14) 47) text: ae 147 (Con...) 148. 49. Sheehan miscalculates.
14) 48) dialog: Who the hell do you think you're Codnighting? You ain't nothin', udgy McCabe, . . McCabe rises and moves teward Sheehan, who retreats, back toward the doorway, McCABE: . (hard aad cold) Good night. CAMERA HOLDS ON McCabe as he tries to piece together what would make someone like Sheehan come on so strong.
17) 39) dialog: (blurting) You told me there wasn't going to be no fight today.
18) 5) text: The two miners have reached a spot just about parallel wi "McCabe's." TWO GUNSHOTS are fired by Butler, neatly pick off the miners' hats. The shots have caused one of the mounts to rear, tossing one of the miners to the ground. The other miner immediately wheels his horse around and r out leaving his companion in the street. He hears them laughing down at "Sheehan's" and realizing that it's just prank, moves to pick up the hats, They have fallen near o another in the street. But es the miner reaches to retrie it, TWO MORE GUNSHOTS ring out sending the hats skitterin away out of reach. INT. McCABE'S SALOON McCabe stands looking out the door, he hasn't shaved, nor has he dressed with his usual-care. Danny rises from behi the ber, where he has ducked down when the shooting began DANNY: . What was that? McCABE: ane cane IT make it about two-hundred yards. McCabe moves to the bar. McCABE: (continuing) Sign ready? Danny draws a final line on a crude sign, after which he _it up and we can read: ope
19) 56) dialog: Don't believe him -- it's a trick, : , McCABE: Set ‘em up. (CONTINUED )
19) 57) text: 225 (Cont ,) “225, Sheehan looks to Butler who nods, Sheehan sets up glasses ‘Land pours, All drink, McCabe proposes a toast, ~ McCABE: (continuing ) Gentlemen, I give you Presbyterian Church, . .
19) 60) dialog: Hell, you don't think you'll come out of it alive, do you? McCABE: Everything accounted for, I'd say the odds against me were fifteen-to-one, The first
19) 62) dialog: Ain't 1t nice the man's giving up tbe true odds, -- Who's gonna take mm: (CONTINUED)
19) 68) dialog: How much will you bet? McCABE: Five hundred dollars to your twenty- five hundred, (CONTINUED )
19) 70) dialog: Cash? - McCABE: Cash,
19) 72) dialog: - Where's yours? McCabe pats his jacket pocket, moves to the table end spreads his money on top, Sheehan moves into the back room, McCABE: You wish to be included, Mr, Butler? Butler moves to the table,
19) 84) dialog: Twelve hundred in cash and three hundred in gold, . He spills it on the table, McCabe counts and stacks it expertly while Butler atands smiling, . McCABE: Pour hundred and ten, He counts it all out, then stacks the entire Presbyterian Church wager and atuffs it into his pocket, McCabe pours a drink, tosses it off, sets his derby, smiles, McCABE: Gentlemen? He turns toward the door, Butler right with him, When they reach the threshold, Butler speaks confidentially, tapping the pocket where McCabe put the money,
24) 3) text: Include the bridge, the church, the footbridge, "McCabe's and McCabe struggling to stay alive. Butler appears on th bridge, the fire behind him making him look ommipotent. H brings his Sharps to his shoulder and FIRES. MeCabe pitch inte the aren and ites, stil in the shallow water of it. er can't see him well enough to fire again and the bridge toward him, a “6 anc Tune off 298. 299. 300. 301. 302. 135. “ANOTHER ANGLE 4 Butler runs to the spot where’ McCabe pitched into the di Nearing the edge, he keeps his rifle ready, but looking d decides it isn't necessary. Patrick Sheehan appears on th bridge in the b.g. and runs toward the ditch, when Butler sets down the Sharps. , / ANGLE ON McCABE Derby floating upside down in the dirty and reddening wat McCabe is grotesquely sprawled in the filthy ditch, appar ly lifeless. ANOTHER ANGLE BUTLER, McCABE as he steps down into the ditch, laughing. He turns McCab over in the ditch so he can reach the pocket where he kno the money is, Butler sees the instrument of his death a moment before it kills him. The sleeve of McCabe's right arm has concealed, until now, a tiny derringer held in a device often used by gamblers. The bullet from it enters Dog Butler's brain through the eye and he dies with the amile on his face,
24) 4) text: Sheehan rushes to the ditch, as McCabe starts to pull bim self out of the mad. He can't believe McCabe is alive. McCABE: Sheehan ~~ You never was much of a gambler. Sheehan, in a frenzy, picks up the Sharps and fire it int Pudgy McCabe, .
29) 2) dialog: Nobody's gotts worry no more. This sin't gonna be no one-men town like it wes. Compeny'il be comi: in end there's gonne be the good life like it waa before he came. (deat) Itll be ecting for the Company end we you know you csn eslwsys get e square sheke from Patrick Sheehan. (best) : . When you done with the pictures, ea bunch of you cerry old Pudgy over to the ice house. We gonna run him down to Beerpaw end meke some money come winter... . CAMERA MOVES OPP RISING, PANNING until it stops once again to view the remains of yet another corpse ea it wes when first we sew it. Presbyterien Church. PADE OUT.