14) 2) dialog: I think probably both. McCABE: I'm John McCabe... The Lawyer moves around and pulls down the shades to the dow and the door before returning to his coair, McCabe si the shotgun across his lap.
14) 5) dialog: Small town. Why'd you come? McCASE: I was thinking ebout thet oa the ‘way down here. (CONTINGED)
14) 7) dialog: To think I can single-handedly stop the Company is an impraatieal assumption. McCABE: - T kaow that.
14) 8) dialog: Wise. -- Before I take the ease, I want you to tell me why you want to fight. Don't give me any bullshit and I won't give you any. -- You wouldn't've come here if you didn't want to fight them, McCABE: I don't know, really. -- I guess it's my time.
14) 9) text: The Lawyer looks as though he's compressing things behind bis lips, proving, testing to see if McCabe is the right
14) 10) dialog: I think we ought to head up to the -marshall's office, McCABE: Won't do no good. He's Company property. From the Lawyer's standpoint, tha answers so far are righ but he's not quite sure yet,
14) 11) dialog: You're going to stay in Presbyterian Church? - McCABE : I don't have no other place to Boe
14) 12) dialog: You know the Beespaw Territorial Mining Company esn't afford a man it can't buy out. Know that? They got it figured out how much Presbyterian Church 13 going to cost end it doesn't much matter who collects. But i+ can't afford you. Pile all these mountains on you, if they heve to. Company's iilke an animal ©< second (CONTINUED)
14) 13) text: 139 (Cont. ) 7. THE LAWYER: (Cont) it stops wing, it starts dying. Get it? fou not being for sale, limits the Company's growth. -- You going to change your mind? McCABE: Not on your tintype. THE LAWYER: — You got yourself a lawyer, Always bated big outfits, -- big things. McCABE:. I don't comprehend you,
14) 14) dialog: Doesn't make anv difference, He pushes a paper toward McCabe. . “McCabe
14) 15) dialog: (continuing) Sign this. Make it official you retained me, . slowly reads the paper before signing. The Lawyer stares at him. McCABE:.. You ain't charging me no fee,
14) 16) dialog: Can't collect from a dead man. McCabe shrugs, signs the paper, hends it back. ~° ‘THE LAWYER: (continuing) All right. Trick is to enter every- thing into some kind of record, We'll take out warrants against the Company for coercion, We'll file in district court and we'll lose, Then we will appeal and start all over again. Think I'm a fool? McCABE:. I couldn't make no judgement on that. It does sean like a waste of time.
14) 18) text: 139 (Cont. 1) 0. 77. LAWYER: (Cont. ) Lew uses rules to make society orderly enough to live in. Sometimes justice comes out of that; sometimes it doesn't, Know who the real villain is? Not the Canpany -- the people who let the Com- pany roll over them, Time's come for somebody to stand up -- fight them to @ standstill. . McCABE: | What happens to me? The Lawyer waves the question away. The Lawyer stands.
14) 19) dialog: Company's going to deny you ever existed. That's why the warrents, the trials, the courts. History. Can't deny history. Never hold water, History will work against them. You're going to be a legend, McCabe., McCABE: They're going to kill me.
14) 20) dialog: Of course they're going to kill you. They have to kill you. Everybody dies. But you're going to die with dignity. More dignity than you have a right to expect. McCABE: Damned encouraging,
14) 21) text: I'd lixe to shake your hand, sir, And as the Lawyer pumps McCabe's arm, we: EXT. cur TO: BEARPAW McCABE NIC aT as he rides out of town. He passes a saloon and can HEAR piano tinkling and the SOUNDS of drunken men and women. A SHOT rings out. McCabe dives off his bharse into the mad. Clmwing his pistol from his holster in the same motion. + ”y ijl. 143. “ 78. CLOSER McCABE 4 lying in the mud, eyes everywhere at once, gun ready, but ’ there is no target. Fear has moved in on John McCabe. . -on bis face as we: