0) 12) dialog: Thanks, Lew. Ford is Boyce's idol, since Basic. Boyce takes his hand. pulls. Two Soldiers behind Boyce push. Then:
0) 13) text: Boyce takes his seat on a bench lining the fuselage wall among a dozen SILENT PARATROOPERS, so wedged in that nobo can move, each man bearing that same 120 pounds of gear: They carry grenades, mines, rifles, .45's, TNT, bayonets, rations, main and emergency parachutes, musette bags. For beside Boyce, checks Boyce's gear. Boyce pale with fear.
0) 15) dialog: Yeah.
0) 24) dialog: Ed Boyce. Grunauer shakes their hands, gratefully. But PRIVATE LYLE TIBBET, (24, from Cincinnati, an asshole), chimes in:
0) 45) dialog: You're not gonna take it?
0) 47) dialog: The truth? Ford smiles fondly. Rensin pulls a MEMO from his jacket:
2) 0) text: ENGINE NOISE fills the air. The bench beneath us shakes a the plane in front of us takes off. Boyce keeps praying. Ford pulls a GREASE PENCIL from his trousers, leans forwa and writes something on the fuselage floor - as this bulk beast begins to move again, accelerating down the runway.
2) 5) dialog: Amen. The C-47 hits lift-off speed. Boyce petrified. Ford's a r The C-47 lifts off. Loud and clunky. Men rock back. On ea face: "This is it - not a training run. The German Army's waiting out there." The C-47's walls now feel like paper.
2) 6) dialog: Think it's time we made our swap.
2) 8) dialog: Threw my class ring in there, figured they'd want it. You?
4) 1) dialog: Where ya from, Grunauer?
4) 3) dialog: Des Moines, Iowa.
4) 5) dialog: No. Worked at a filling station.
4) 7) dialog: Darn right. What's D.F. stand for? Grunauer hesitates. He's taken a lot of shit for his name
4) 10) dialog: I got a cousin in Miami. He--
6) 0) text: BOOM. BOOM. Shells explode right outside this craft, jolt the beast back and forth. It creaks, it whines. The men k their eyes down. Boyce too. No one talking.
6) 5) dialog: You won't hafta look to find me.
8) 9) dialog: No! 13.
10) 0) text: Jumpmaster Rensin and Grieb are now staring at the same t that McKean just saw... and it's awful: 14. THEIR POV: THE LEFT WING - now draped by a PARACHUTE. .--Still attached to a PARATROOPER. Poor guy must've jump from a plane above us. Dead now, his body bucking in our wash, fouled by the lines of his chute. Horrible. Grieb gags. Boyce, fifth in line from the door, just star horrified. But Rensin gathers himself, faces his men, and
10) 2) text: A HUGE BOOM RIGHT OUTSIDE THE CARGO DOOR - blowing a hole our flank and taking Rensin and Grieb with it. Boyce's eyes go wide. There's no red light to watch anymo the Cargo Door is now a gaping HOLE. Everyone shocked. An ANOTHER HIT - our LEFT ENGINE NOW - it sputters, dying. And WE START TO DIVE. Sinking like a safe... Ford acts quickly, unhooking himself from the JUMP-LINE and:
11) 0) text: Boyce's eyes dart, trying to orient himself. Looking for or other chutes as he plummets amid smoke, noise, terror. Exploding FLAK, BULLETS whistling by, a WALL of tracer fi to his left. Where is Ford's Goddamn chute? The fuzzy outline of LAND below. It crystallizes as it ru up to meet us. Boyce braces himself for a THUD. Instead, a so SPLASH. And he VANISHES, just like that, in
14) 1) dialog: Dawes. Dawes! You okay? Dawes' eyes open. Disoriented - but instantly on mission:
14) 3) dialog: No. Are you hurt?
14) 5) dialog: Let's go. We gotta find everybody. They move north, slowly, along the wet grass, chirping th metal CRICKETS. In the night we hear REPEATED BURSTS of GUNFIRE, mini-battles flaring up all through the woods. ...-staying low, everything tensed, clicking their CRICKE Then they hear ANOTHER CRICKET chirp back. They pause. BOYCE (CONT’D) Flash.
14) 7) dialog: Welcome. Tibbet emerges from behind a tree, relieved to see them. 17.
14) 8) dialog: Tibbet. Ya see anybody else?
14) 10) dialog: I don't know.
14) 12) dialog: I don't know. Didn't see him.
15) 0) text: They look up at the PARACHUTE stuck in its upper branches and a pair of LEGS dangling. Boyce whispers loudly:
15) 1) dialog: Flash.
15) 3) dialog: Lew! 18. Yep. It's Ford, stuck in this tree, 20 feet up, his left pinned at an odd angle by all his gear. He can't move it.
15) 5) dialog: (starts climbing) Yeah. Just hang on.
15) 10) text: Boyce, clinging to that tree, grabs at his RIFLE. It fall ++.-JjJust as the Germans start firing. But-- Ford, suspended 20 FEET in the air, draws his SIDEARM wit his right hand and FIRES - TWO SHOTS. And the Germans FALL, both of them. Just like that. Dead. Boyce doesn't move at first. It still feels unreal... The
16) 0) text: Boyce arrives at the top, Ford calm and ever-vigilant.
16) 1) dialog: Good shooting.
16) 3) dialog: I couldn't get to my rifle. Ya got a grip on that branch?
16) 5) dialog: ‘Kay. Here goes. Boyce cuts another line, freeing Ford... But Ford didn't a good grip on the branch - and he falls, straight down.
16) 6) dialog: Lew! Boyce catches him, Ford slamming into the TREE. The IMPAC causes something to shake from his belt - that DETONATOR. It's dense metal, canteen-sized, falling like an anvil to Tibbet who is kneeling over Dawes to remove Dawes' dog-ta
16) 7) dialog: Heads up! Tibbet moves just in time, the detonator lands beside him
17) 5) dialog: Sarge said we were south of the-- Suddenly, Boyce FREEZES - MORE FOOTSTEPS COMING. Fainter. Lighter. Just one person now. But he's coming right this Ford, Boyce, and Tibbet hit the dirt - keeping their head and rifles ready. Silent... Waiting... The FOOTSTEPS getting closer... Closer... Hand push some branches aside - 20 feet from here... revealing A girl of 19, coming from the road. This is CHLOE LAURENT She's French, lovely, but hardened by war and loss - terr too. The G.I.'s stay low, invisible to her, as: She stops beside a nearby TREE, where we now see an ANIMA TRAP, a dead SQUIRREL inside. Chloe opens the trap - it's heavy, rusty, but she's strong. She puts the squirrel carcass in a satchel, resets the tr Then she spots the DEAD GERMANS, and moves toward them... With our guys watching, she starts rifling through their pockets. That fast she's taken pistols, ammo, gloves, scarves, rings, mess-kits. Chloe's a scavenger. Ford and Boyce silently eye one another... Then Chloe FREEZES - just heard something. She turns. ...to find THREE RIFLES pointing at her. Her hands go up. 21.
17) 16) dialog: You seen any other G.I.'s out here?
17) 23) text: The G.I.'s lie still. A LIGHT from the Half-Track sweeps ground around them. Boyce and Ford holding their breath.. 23. Then the Half-Track passes. The G.I.'s wait a beat, then up... which is when they see what's behind the Half-Track TWO AMERICAN POW's, hands over their heads. GERMAN SOLDIE trail behind them, rifles up. One POW we don't recognize.
17) 26) dialog: They got Rosenfeld. Jeez. Ford moves a branch, eager to start firing. But he can't. Boyce eyes him. The POW's march TOWARD CIELBLANC.
18) 0) text: Ford, Boyce, and Tibbet trail the half-track at a distanc Chloe lags behind the G.I.'s.
19) 19) dialog: If she's France, I like France. (Ford shakes his head) You don't think she's pretty?
19) 22) dialog: Maybe we shouldn't split up. 26.
19) 25) dialog: You too. They part - Boyce and Tibbet heading North - towards fore Ford watches them go, covering them... then:
21) 0) text: Boyce and Tibbet move through PASTURE, looking for help w trying to be invisible. GUNS in the distance...
23) 0) text: Boyce and Tibbet stay low - the town at their back. We he odd ANIMAL CRIES in the night, distant FIREFIGHTS. The wh forest feels alive around us, creepy as hell. Boyce pulls out his METAL CRICKET. CLICK-CLACK, CLICK-CLA 27. Tibbet does it too. Nothing. They keep moving, searching. Then, up ahead, SMOKE and METAL become visible--
23) 2) dialog: Gurkin! Tibbet, get over here! Tibbet heads over. Boyce kneels beside Gurkin. The situat is hopeless, obviously - Gurkin's practically been torn i half - Boyce completely overwhelmed, but trying:
23) 3) dialog: You just hang on, Gurkin. We're gonna get you to a Medic... Tibbet arrives. Boyce shakily pulls out a CANTEEN.
23) 4) dialog: Here. Take a sip... 28.
23) 6) dialog: Tibbet, give him a second.
23) 8) text: Tibbet pockets them; Boyce just trying to compose himself
23) 9) dialog: Here, Buddy. Take a sip. Gurkin waves away the water, reaching for something else: Boyce's side-arm; Gurkin wants to be put out of his miser
23) 10) text: Boyce halts. Gurkin looks to him, begging, barely audible
23) 12) dialog: Listen, we're gonna get the medic-- Gurkin whispers it again. "Please." The guy is in agony. Boyce eyes him, "Really?" Gurkin half-nods, pained... Boyce looks to Tibbet, who dodges it with:
23) 14) dialog: 
25) 0) text: Boyce follows Tibbet toward a dark stretch of woods. CLIC CLACK, CLICK-CLACK. No reply. Boyce tries again... This t we hear _a CHIRP IN REPLY. Maybe 50 yards away.
25) 1) dialog: Tibbet. They turn. The sound came from the foothill below the chu They head over, staying low to the ground. We TRACK THEM.
26) 0) text: Boyce and Tibbet get to a patch of trees, and:
26) 3) dialog: Welcome. Chase, from our stick, emerges from behind a tree. Beside is another paratrooper - PFC. PENNER. (Penner is new to u he's got a FLAMETHROWER strapped to his back.)
26) 5) dialog: Just Ford. He's up the hill.
26) 7) dialog: What was your target, Penner?
26) 9) dialog: Ours too. But they got two captured G.I.'s inside. 30. Shit. They study the CHURCH from here - vast, Gothic.
28) 0) text: Boyce, Tibbet, Chase, and Penner reach the spot where the truck descended, and they STOP - just saw something odd:
28) 2) dialog: Why would they be bringing dead bodies in there?
28) 9) dialog: Chase, what was--
28) 11) dialog: Where's Penner? Is he hit? They keep running. Chase hits the top of the ramp, into PASTURE. Tibbet right behind him. Boyce looks back - sees reflection of FLAMES on a cavern wall. Then, behind him-- --at the edge of the pasture - BOOM - an EXPLOSION. Chase just hit a LANDMINE. We see pieces of him rain down.
28) 13) text: ...-followed by a confused SILENCE. Boyce stunned. Then: A KLAXON SOUNDS, loud. A RED EMERGENCY LIGHT starts swirl in the darkness at the bottom of the ramp. Boyce's positi completely exposed. He takes off up the ramp.
30) 0) text: That SEARCHLIGHT BEAM slaps on, emanating from the CHURCH A shitstorm. Boyce running for cover. At the edge of the PASTURE he sees Tibbet, frozen in fear - a few feet from where Chase exploded. Boyce grabs Tibbet.
30) 2) dialog: We gotta move, Tibbet! Adrenaline pumping, Boyce pulls Tibbet behind a TREE - th SEARCHLIGHT BEAM just missing them. It lands on the body Chase in the pasture. We hear GERMAN SOLDIERS, SHOUTING.
32) 0) text: 12 FEET STRAIGHT DOWN. He lands, crosses the church groun to the building itself. Then he hears: A MAN'S SCREAM - sounds like TORTURE - coming from inside church. Boyce hurries over, crouched, but can't see the source of the screams. Just heard another one. Shit. Then Ford hears SHOUTING in GERMAN - a voice coming this SS CAPTAIN LOTHAR MUELLER, 25, bursting out of the FRONT of the church, about to turn in this direction. Fuck. Ford has to get out of here. Now. He turns-- ..-hurries to the BACK GATE, pulls himself up - and over: 34.
34) 0) text: KLAXON wailing. Boyce and Tibbet crouching low. From here they can see one of those SS GUARDS (PRIVATE RICHT) eyein the remains of Chase in that field. The OTHER TWO SS GUARDS are in the cavern at the bottom o the RAMP. We hear a FIRE-HOSE, extinguishing the fire. Then... silence. The Klaxon is shut off. Only the searchl remains. Pvt. Richt heads down the ramp. ...leaving Boyce and a very shaken Tibbet:
34) 1) dialog: What the hell happened down there?
34) 3) dialog: What're you talking about?
34) 5) dialog: Let's go find Lew...
36) 0) text: Boyce and Tibbet reach the rendezvous site, that CRUMBLIN WALL. The SEARCHLIGHT BEAM sweeps and scans. And there's sign of Ford. Tibbet, shaken, masks it with rancor: 35.
38) 0) text: Still no Ford. Boyce eyes his watch again, anxiously... a
38) 1) dialog: He's in trouble. Let's go.
38) 3) dialog: Not if he's a half-hour late.
38) 5) dialog: Where'd ya read THAT?
39) 0) text: Boyce looks behind a SILO. No Ford. Panic building. The SEARCHLIGHT sweeps past. Boyce moves on...
40) 0) text: Boyce is walking, searching... Then he STOPS - just saw something at his feet that takes his breath away: The body of a DOG - bloody, dead... and HEADLESS. Just lying there on the ground, a headless canine. Good G Who the hell would do that? And why? He's at a loss... un MOTORCYCLE SOUNDS - startling him - followed by VOICES: 36.
40) 2) text: Boyce crouches down, his eyes peeled. The wall itself obscures our view - but Boyce can see tho six Germans approach Tibbet... and his HANDS as they go u ONE GERMAN takes Tibbet's rifle. Another offers him a smo A THIRD ONE FIRES AT HIM, POINT-BLANK. Goodbye, Tibbet. Boyce recoils, accidentally stumbling over the HEADLESS D almost falling. That makes a noise. He FREEZES. The six Germans don't turn; they're too busy - throwing TIBBET'S BODY on the SIDECAR of a Zundapp motorcycle. One SOLDIER starts it up, noisily. Tibbet's body draped limpl Just like that, the motorcycle blows through the Square a up the narrow road - passing right by Boyce... -..and onto the CHURCH GROUNDS. Gates close behind it. Boyce is aghast, confused... and completely alone.
41) 0) text: Boyce hides against a tree, trying to calm himself... It' impossible; the night's just too scary until, a whisper:
41) 2) dialog: Lew. Huge relief. Boyce hurries over... But here comes the SEARCHLIGHT, ruining the reunion. Boyce and Ford duck beh a WIDE TREE. The Searchlight passes.
41) 4) dialog: I thought you might be in trouble.
41) 6) dialog: What happened to your leg?
41) 8) dialog: Just Chase and a guy from Bravo Company; nobody else. Can you walk?
41) 10) dialog: They went down a RAMP under the church. I don't know what happened down there, but the guy from Bravo never made it out, and Chase ran over a landmine trying to get away. Tibbet said there was a Jerry down there with some kinda body armor. Ford digests that, trying to come up with a plan--
41) 12) dialog: Like Hell you will. There're Jerries all over the place. SS--
41) 14) dialog: I'm not leaving you out here with a busted leg. 38.
41) 16) dialog: Lew, we are the rest of our stick! (that lands) Listen to me. There's something wrong down there. A truck went in, carrying dead_bodies. Why would they be doing that? Blast-doors, mines-—-
41) 19) dialog: I'm not leaving you--
41) 21) dialog: Well, I'm not leaving you down. You wanna take my stripe, take it. Ford exhales, his face working... needs a plan... Then:
41) 23) dialog: Huh?
41) 26) dialog: Lew, Tibbet had the explosives.
41) 28) dialog: The two of us.
41) 30) dialog: And you'll be firing from where? Ford has an idea, we can tell. We SMASH CUT TO:
42) 0) text: Ford and Boyce hide in shadow behind Chloe's house. Carry more pilfered goods, she crosses through a vegetable patc her BACK DOOR as-- Boyce and Ford emerge from the dark. Chloe jumps back, sc - then catches her breath, realizing it's them.
42) 2) dialog: It's busted. He can't walk.
43) 0) text: Chloe leads Ford and Boyce inside this simple country hom the FLOORBOARDS in here creaking with every step. Agonizi That SEARCHLIGHT BEAM drills through a window. Ford and B duck into shadow - and they freeze there, Ford whispering
45) 0) text: Ford hops up the steps, Boyce in tow, carrying that lamp. 41.
45) 1) dialog: How ya doin', Lew?
46) 3) dialog: Yeah. Are we gonna do something about your ankle?
46) 5) dialog: Yeah.
46) 7) dialog: (terrified) Nothin' to it. Ford grins, keeping his eyes on Kiebel patrolling below - Boyce's eyes moving to the well, the gallows, the church.
46) 8) dialog: I'm telling you, something's off. This whole place feels weird. 42.
46) 15) dialog: Was? Chloe nods. Boyce about to dig deeper, when--
46) 24) dialog: Maybe we could get them out of here.
46) 26) dialog: You too.
46) 28) dialog: I think so. Ford pulls the DETONATOR from his belt.
46) 31) dialog: Yeah, ‘cept they have grenades too.
46) 35) dialog: Just in case... Ford takes the envelope. Boyce can barely breathe, but he goes - stepping over Paul - then down the stairs, pure dr Step, step, step, to the DOOR. Boyce nudges it open... in
47) 0) text: Chloe's here. To Boyce's left, a BEDROOM DOOR OPENS and-- --Instant JUMP-SCARE: Chloe's grand-mother ANNELISE, 70, emerging. Her eyes are a milky white. And the skin on her arms is gruesome - COAL BLACK up to the shoulders.
47) 1) text: Looks like the skin we saw on Madame Lesner's face, the f eaten by disease, or frostbite, or bacteria. Or all three Necrotid tissue, bubbling with blisters. Boyce stiffens. Chloe's almost glad he got to see this-- 45.
47) 4) dialog: I'm sorry, Chole.
47) 7) dialog: An ambulance. An armored Division. A night of sleep. Outside, the searchlight recedes. It's time to go. He ste himself, anxious as hell. Checks his gear: grenades, etc. then heads for the back door - no goodbye... until:
47) 9) dialog: Sure. You bet. Chloe smiles bravely - there's a connection here.
47) 14) dialog: What're you--
47) 19) dialog: Whadda we do? 47.
47) 21) text: Boyce knows all too well. He drops to his belly at the TO THE ATTIC STEPS, rifle pointed toward the room below. For lines up beside him, rifle ready. BACK TO CHLOE - she sits by the fire, trying to look utte natural. Annelise too, as-- THE FRONT DOOR IS THROWN OPEN - and here's Dr. Bruel, fla by SS Pvt. Wafner. Bruel twitches a bit, that tic of his. He nods to TWO BEDROOM DOORS, says something that must be "Get them". Chloe nods obediently. BACK TO THE ATTIC - There's a KNOTHOLE in the floor, thro which Boyce and Ford can look down into the Great Room be where they see Chloe, at that bedroom door:
47) 39) dialog: You too? 52.
47) 42) dialog: Almost morning, Lew.
47) 47) text: Wafner’s eyes roll back in pain, Boyce shocked. Ford LEAV THE KNIFE THERE... and twists it - then:
47) 57) dialog: Lew...
47) 64) dialog: What kind of experiments? He's dead.
48) 0) text: Chloe's waiting at the bottom - which means she heard all this. Boyce reaches her, thinking she's about to say "Goo Luck" or something. But instead--
49) 0) text: Chloe's family awaits. They note Boyce and his rifle... a for just a second, Boyce feels brave. A liberator. Then:
49) 2) dialog: Your English needs some work, kid.
49) 4) dialog: Let's hope so. Chloe nods. Boyce goes out the back door. We STAY HERE - Annelise, watching him go. Then:
49) 10) text: BACK TO ANNELISE, singing, the villagers staring at her. here, she can see Boyce scaling the foothill. Good... BACK TO FORD, in the attic, watching Boyce too, as: BOYCE SCALES THE FOOTHILL - ducking in and out of trees f cover. His breaths are shallow, anxious. ANNELISE - still at it. A rotting woman singing a lullaby Madame Lesner, her face gruesome, leans out her window, barking in French at Annelise, "Stop this." D-Day poundin
49) 15) text: He finds a ridge that looks DOWN on the church grounds. Perfect - he can do some killing from here. BACK TO ANNELISE - She sees him back there, sees Bruel in foreground. Mission accomplished. She stops singing. .-.climbs on to the lip of that WELL, her eyes on Bruel-- ...and throws herself in. Just like that. BACK TO BOYCE - Eyes wide, can't believe it. CHLOE AND HER FAMILY - They scream. Paul, distraught, spr up and runs for the attic steps. BACK TO BRUEL - He turns abruptly and heads back inside t church, leaving Richt alone out here. BACK TO THE TOWN SQUARE - utter silence and stillness. No sound from the bottom of the well... BACK TO FORD - He lowers his head, just for a moment.
49) 19) text: And then it's over. Just like that. An eery silence. BACK TO BOYCE - perfectly still, low to the ground. BACK TO FORD - perfectly still, in the attic window, as-- BACK TO THE SQUARE - Every door stays shut. No one steps outside to see what happened. D-DAY still thumping from a BEHIND THE CHURCH - Boyce regards the bodies... four of t lying there - but no Dr. Bruel.
49) 20) dialog: (under his breath) Where are ya, Doc? IN THE ATTIC - Ford's thinking the same thing. Paul drift over, looks out the window... The bad guys are dead. BACK TO BOYCE - He hops down from the treeline, rifle slu
50) 0) text: Smoke wafts. Boyce enters the church warily, through the blown-out BACK DOOR, with D-DAY thumping in the distance. 61. BACK TO FORD - He and Paul watch Boyce disappear inside. On Paul's face, a look of liberation. Awe. He opens that cigar-box of his, reaches inside, pulls something out: It's an old French WORLD WAR I MEDAL... for VALOR. With wordless ceremony, Paul extends it to Ford and pins on him. Ford can't help feeling touched - as:
51) 0) text: Sunlight and smoke. The sound of RUNNING WATER. Boyce ent No one's in here, just a running faucet. He crosses throu then edges into a SHADOWY HALLWAY. Not a sound. Then into
52) 0) text: Silence. Dust hovering, some glass shattered. Boyce passe the figure of Christ on the altar. No time to acknowledge He spots a door up ahead... approaches, then into:
53) 0) text: Dimly-lit by a single blub. Boyce descends in silence - t through a door, to:
54) 0) text: A long SUBTERRANEAN HALLWAY. Boyce walks. Half-open DOORS his right and left. He pushes one open: The room's empty. A MILITARY RADIO sits on a table. Boyce eyes it, then continues down the hallway. Opens another d An ARMORY: stacked RIFLES, ammo on shelves, two tall LOCK Boyce backs out, drifting farther down the hall. Where is that damn Doctor? A DOOR up ahead. Boyce approaches silen ..+-and nudges the door open with the tip of his rifle-- ...revealing an EMPTY PITCH-BLACK SPACE. Feels big. His h fumble along the wall for a LIGHT-SWITCH. He finds it. CL
55) 2) text: A CEILING-TO-FLOOR CURTAIN divides the lab in half. On th side of it we see endless rows of LAB-STATIONS, EQUIPMENT sinks, burners, beakers. A pair of EYEBALLS in a jar... Oh, and 25 DEAD GERMAN SOLDIERS, on GRANITE SLABS. These are the BODIES Boyce saw trucked in; each has been stripped down to white BOXER SHORTS and rubbed with oil. ..-but every gunshot wound, every hole left behind by an exploding shell, they're all evident. Boyce winces a bit. Covering the walls are RUNIC LETTERS and paintings of ANC TEUTONIC KNIGHTS. Swastikas too. And two crossed CEREMONI AXES, right out of the Middle Ages. In a glass cabinet are 500 VIALS OF BLACK BLOOD. One sits a GAS STOVE in a POT OF BOILING WATER. Boyce turns the st off. And hears a MACHINE-LIKE SOUND: A pump, sounds like it's on the other side of that CEILIN FLOOR CURTAIN. Boyce steps through it, rifle slung - and the OTHER HALF of this vast lab... It's a horror: FIFTEEN PEOPLE - "SUBJECTS" - barely human now, each of t TIED BY THEIR HANDS AND FEET TO HOSPITAL BEDS. They were villagers once. Now they look more like CREATUR Their flesh is black and blistered, everywhere - necrotid tissue bubbling on their arms, faces, necks, torsos. Thei eyes milky white, staring in a state of sustained torture On each bed Boyce finds a "PATIENT FILE" complete with BE AND AFTER PHOTOS - human decay, chronicled in German. Bes one of the beds, a 16 mm. CAMERA stands on a tripod... He drifts a bit closer, breathless. These people are bare alive, most of them unconscious, some of them vegetative; something is corroding them from the inside out: Connected to each villager is a machine of pumps and valv an AUTOJECTOR, pumping a thick black substance - looks li TAR - into each subject, circulating it mechanically. On BOTH ARMS of every subject are BLOOD DRAWS, feeding bl blood into bottles that sit on the floor. It's like a massive, gruesome dairy farm. But why??? Boyc drifts past each bed, shocked, speechless. Then, another shock - AUTOJECTOR #16 is connected by TUBE a_DISEMBODIED DOG'S-HEAD, which sits on a tray. 63. Somehow, impossibly, the Autojector is keeping the head alive. Its MOUTH moves - just took in a breath. My God... Autojector #17 is hooked up to a HUMAN HEART, beating, suspended in air by STRINGS over the OPEN CHEST of Tibbet Tibbet's EYES have been removed. Holy Hell. Boyce shaken. Then, behind him, labored BREATHING. He turns, rifle slun In BED #3 is another villager/creature, suffering, tied u his body entirely BLISTERED and BLACK. His eyes crazed. B stares - something drawing him toward this creature, when A JUMP-SCARE - it BOLTS UP - still tied to the bed but lunging at Boyce with such force that the bed actually TOPPLES OVER, slamming on its side to the floor. That fas Boyce steps back, the Creature now pressed against the fl its breaths rattling. Boyce not sure what to do, as:
55) 4) dialog: Rosenfeld! Rosenfeld, his hands and feet TIED to the rods of his bed turns, glassy-eyed. This man's been tortured. Mumbling:
55) 6) dialog: --where's the Doctor? (Rosenfeld doesn't know) Okay. We're gettin' you outta here. He starts to untie Rosenfeld, anxiety pumping--
55) 7) dialog: What the hell is all this? They-- Just then, ANOTHER SOUND--
56) 0) text: Ford sits at the attic window, awaiting any sign of Boyce HIS POV - OUT THE WINDOW: Cielblanc is quiet. Normandy's beaches are not. BOOM-BABOOM.
59) 0) text: Boyce awakens in this huge space. Looks around, disorient He's on an OPERATING TABLE - his hands and feet tied to i legs. A nearby SURGICAL TRAY bears a SCALPEL and SYRINGES Around him are the Villager-Creatures, tied to their beds black tar being pumped through their veins by Autojectors .+-black blood draining from them into bottles on the flo Bed #3 remains toppled over, its patient still tied to it The 25 GERMANS remain on their granite slabs across the l The GAS STOVE is on again, black blood boiling in a vial. Rosenfeld's bed is beside Boyce's. Their eyes meet. Then, BANGING SOUND. Boyce turns: It's Bruel, using a MALLET to crush TWO US-ARMY DETONATOR Shit. Bruel drops the mallet and turns, twitching slightl his eyes on Boyce... Then Bruel grabs a SYRINGE. Boyce braces himself. Bruel finds a VEIN in Boyce's arm. goes the needle... Bruel drawing blood, as:
59) 6) dialog: (re: Villager-Creatures) Are they being re-Germanized too? At last, a response. Bruel breathes out a grin.
59) 8) dialog: How?
59) 12) dialog: Why're you doing this? You're French.
59) 14) dialog: S'posed to be a doctor.
59) 16) dialog: Secret to what?
59) 36) dialog: ‘Least I have one. .+-which is when Bruel notices an oddity - something's missing from the surgical tray - one ITEM, gone.
59) 37) text: --but just as Bruel realizes it, BOYCE STRIKES in a BLUR JAMMING THAT SCALPEL into Bruel's neck. Bruel falls, gasp Boyce frees his other hand. Sits up, frees his legs, grab his RIFLE and fires a bullet into Bruel's chest.
59) 38) dialog: Can you walk, Rosenfeld? Rosenfeld shakes his head. Shit. There isn't much time.
59) 42) dialog: That could be Lew! We gotta go! Rosenfeld can't move. Boyce grabs him in a FIREMAN'S CARR and heads out, moving right past those GRANITE SLABS. On SLAB #1 is Scherzer, recipient of the hot-blood inject He just blinked. BACK TO FORD - on his back. Lesner drifts over, reaches f his TRENCH-KNIFE, taking her eyes off Ford for just a sec Big mistake. He grabs her hair and yanks her to the groun That fast it's an ugly, feral wrestling match. Her BLACKE FINGERS clawing at him. Hair is grabbed, faces gouged. He loosens her grip on the rifle and tosses it away... as:
60) 0) text: Boyce carries Rosenfeld through. Up ahead is the BACK DOO that he blew open with that grenade. He heads toward it.. BACK TO THE BARN - Ford and Lesner struggle on the floor animals. Gouging, scratching, smothering, gasping...
61) 0) text: Boyce enters, lays Rosenfeld across the Dining Table.
61) 1) dialog: Lew!? Lew!? No reply from the attic. But Chloe emerges from her room:
61) 2) dialog: This man needs help! She nods. He hurries to the attic steps:
61) 3) dialog: Lew?! Lew?!
61) 5) dialog: What?! 73.
63) 0) text: Boyce moves to the door, adrenaline rocketing through him
63) 1) dialog: Lew?! He throws it open, just as Ford hobbles in. Instant relie
63) 2) dialog: Thank God. You don't-- Christ, what happened to your leg?
63) 4) dialog: Whaddaya mean she turned to ash--
63) 6) dialog: I don't--
63) 9) dialog: No. Nothin' wrong with it.
63) 11) dialog: I... I heard the gunfire, thought you might be in trouble. 74.
63) 15) text: That hurt, but Boyce doesn't fire back. He can't. Instead just heads up the attic steps.
63) 17) dialog: Got a couple questions for our prisoner.
63) 19) dialog: I know what time it is.
64) 0) text: Boyce arrives, pulls out the SYRINGE he took from the lab and a vial of BLACK BLOOD. He thrusts them at Wafner.
64) 1) dialog: What does this stuff do? (Wafner's silent) That doctor said it was gonna ensure the Thousand-Year Reich. What was he talking about? Again, no reply. Boyce, rattled, puts a GUN to his head.
64) 2) dialog: You've got one minute. TALK. Pretty aggressive move. Ford and Chloe appear at the top the steps. They haven't seen this side of Boyce before.
64) 3) dialog: What's the black blood for?
64) 6) dialog: I dunno; they got a dozen villagers in there - like her grandma, but worse - tied up, bleeding into bottles. The doctor injected some of the blood into a... (reluctantly...) ...dead guy. Wafner smiles a knowing smile. Ford eyes him..
64) 13) dialog: It can't be.
64) 15) dialog: It can't be.
64) 18) dialog: Hold it, Lew. What're you doing?
64) 20) dialog: Why? Let's just blow up the tower and-
64) 26) dialog: .»+-goes in his heart. Ford jams it into Wafner's heart, hits the plunger... and nothing happens. A long beat. Wafner's just dead...
64) 27) dialog: We killing P.O.W.'s now?
64) 29) dialog: Sure. That's what makes ‘em Nazis. But we aren't like them, right?
64) 31) dialog: Meanwhile it didn't get us anywhere. Look at him.
64) 33) dialog: Point is, we don't do this.
64) 37) dialog: Lew...? Boyce and Ford stare at each other in silence, awestruck. Ford - first time ever - doesn't know what to say. Chloe 78.
64) 38) dialog: Lew...? Ford just shakes his head... ...as Wafner sees the KNIFE in his chest, the BLACK BLOOD around it... and the syringe in Ford's hand. And an awful realization hits. I was dead. He eyes Ford--
64) 45) text: Huh? Chloe screams. Boyce looks to Ford.
64) 46) dialog: Lew! 79. Ford FIRES AGAIN. Hits Wafner in the CHEST. More BLACK BL And STILL NO EFFECT - Wafner just as shocked by all this they are. Boyce swings that CHAIR at Wafner, striking him over the head with it. It shatters. Again, he's unaffecte So Ford SHOOTS HIM IN THE HEAD. That oughtta do it... But the wound bleeds BLACK. And Wafner, after a pause, sh it off and keeps coming. Somehow. He starts RANTING now, in German. We don't understand a w of it but it sounds like something from a nazi rally. Boyce, dazed, looks at that SYRINGE on the floor... and h and Ford both come to the same horrible conclusion: They've just turned this German into something unkillable And what he wants... is Chloe. In an ugly way. He grabs h throws her over his shoulder.
64) 48) dialog: Chloe! Boyce jumps in Wafner's path, tries to pull Chloe away-- Wafner BULLS FORWARD, using Chloe like shoulder-pads, int Boyce. And there's nothing behind Boyce but those STAIRS. Boyce goes flying - tumbling - landing hard at the base o the attic steps. Ford gets to his feet. Wafner kicks him, knocking him dow .+-and carries Chloe down those steps. She's shrieking, "MAMA!!!" And grabbing at the railing on each side of her trying to slow him down. Can't be done. Ford scrambles to get another clean shot - his eyes meeti Chloe. He can't fire again without hitting her.
65) 0) text: Boyce, at the base of the steps, sees Wafner coming, draw his SIDE-ARM, fires THREE SHOTS into Wafner's belly. BLACK BLOOD oozes from Wafner's gut. A mere annoyance. He steps OVER Boyce, heading for the door. Chloe screaming. Rosenfeld reaches for a sidearm - but doesn't have one. The rest of Chloe's family emerges now - to see Wafner he for the door. Chloe screaming. Boyce gets to his feet. 80. --Ford thumping his way down the stairs-- Wafner reaches the door, opens it. An insane moment. He carries her away, Chloe screaming:
65) 7) dialog: The Doctor bashed both of ‘em in. Ford considers that... Then:
65) 9) dialog: How?
65) 11) dialog: On one leg?
66) 0) text: Boyce and Ford emerge from behind a barn. They're just ab to approach the PASTURE - when Boyce STOPS Ford.
66) 2) dialog: Mines. Watch your step. Ford nods, thanks. We CRANE UP, Boyce leading a hobbled F through this mine-ridden PASTURE, toward that foothill... The church sits atop it. The guns of D-Day pounding. Then
67) 0) text: Boyce and Ford stand where Boyce stood last night: at the of the EARTHEN RAMP leading into the FOOTHILL itself. The BLAST-DOORS are open. Boyce eyes them...
67) 1) dialog: Listen, I don't know what's down there. Could be more of ‘em, could be anything.
67) 3) dialog: Right. And half the German grenades are duds. We don't know how to kill these things, Lew... 82.
67) 5) dialog: Yeah, then we'd really be in trouble. Ford grins, about to march - when Boyce gags involuntaril just barely stopped himself from vomiting. Ford eyes him.
67) 6) dialog: Sorry. Shit. (a beat...) Don't you ever get scared?
67) 8) dialog: I'm not so sure we're put together the same way. My old man wouldn't've run into a burning building to save five strangers. I don't think I would either.
67) 11) dialog: What're you doing?
67) 15) dialog: Stairs're over there.
68) 0) text: They climb in darkness (the LIGHT BULB in here now useles Ford struggling up the steps. They reach the DOOR leading to the basement. Boyce nudges open with the tip of his rifle, revealing:
69) 0) text: We were here before. But now none of the LIGHTS are worki Rooms to our right and left. All dark now. Boyce is about step into the hallway when-- A FLASHLIGHT BEAM whips past his nose. He moves back. ...to find Wafner hurrying past this door - heading AWAY the LAB. No sign of Chloe. Wafner vanishes down the hall. Boyce follows. Ford stops him. And this is in WHISPERS:
69) 1) dialog: He's got Chloe.
70) 0) text: BLACK. Boyce and Ford stay low. Boyce shines his FLASHLIG into the space - illuminating it for Ford in brief bursts The creature/villagers, tied to their beds. The autojecto The CONCRETE SLABS where those 25 DEAD GERMANS WERE-- Whoops. FIVE OF THE SLABS ARE UNOCCUPIED... Boyce reacts, instantly shining his flashlight on the spo where he left Bruel's BODY. Bruel isn't there anymore. 87.
70) 1) dialog: Got six unaccounted for--
70) 3) dialog: Lew. Tower's up on the roof.
70) 5) dialog: Go. Allez. She doesn't move. Maybe she can't. Maybe she's deaf. He unties her feet. Still no movement. Ford, at the back wall, removes a TETRYTOL BLOCK from his trousers, fixes it on the wall. Boyce moves to BED #2. A male, equally gruesome. Boyce st to untie his wrists. The creature GROWLS like an animal. Boyce recoils a bit, but he finishes, then moves on. BED #3 is still toppled on its side, its tortured inhabit stuck there. Boyce moves nearer, untying the guy: a semi- human nightmare under all that blistered flesh. Then, disaster: the LAB-DOOR OPENS. Two GERMAN SOLDIERS b in. Boyce shuts his flashlight off. Ford too - but too la The GERMANS OPEN UP ON HIM, machine-gun fire. Ford spins away, falling to the floor. The machine-gun fi continues, the Germans HOLLERING at him. (They were on th slabs an hour ago - dressed in their uniforms now). 88. Boyce drops - the Germans don't seem to know he's here. They start moving in on Ford's position, firing continual He doesn't return fire. These guys are SCREAMING. Boyce, on hands and knees, scrambles toward them. He pull PIN on one of his POTATO MASHERS, slides it along the flo It blows up at the FEET of the Germans - but they DON'T S still firing at Ford, shouting. Now what? Boyce looks around, sees something, crawls to i There, those CEREMONIAL AXES, affixed to the wall. He get his feet, grabs one - the noise drowned out by the TORREN machine-gun fire. It lights up a corner of the room. Ford scrambling to get away. Germans shouting-- Boyce hurrying to a position behind the Germans now. Ford trying to crawl, but they're right on top of him. .-.-and they've just about spotted him, when-- THWACK - in the darkness - Boyce swinging that AXE, takin THE HEAD OFF OF GERMAN SOLDIER #1. It bounces to the floo GERMAN SOLDIER #2 turns - THWACK - Boyce swings again, hitting the guy's right wrist, severing the arm there. Th German's RIGHT HAND, still clutching the rifle, falls.
70) 6) text: He grabs for his SIDE-ARM, cursing Boyce loudly in German Boyce takes another swing. THWOP - severing the guy's LEF HAND. Now this German is really angry - howling at Boyce. Boyce moves in - the German unable to defend himself - Fo watching in semi-shock from a corner... One last swing. Boyce beheads him. Down he goes. Two head Nazis, side by side. Crisis over. Ford slightly awed by w he just witnessed. A moment... then:
70) 8) dialog: Are you hit? 89.
70) 12) dialog: Yeah. Then they notice: one of the two Nazi heads is still movi twitching really - if only slightly. Ford sighs, Jesus... brushes it aside. It bumps into a table leg.
71) 0) text: Boyce emerges from the stairwell into the hallway, axe in hand... Again, not a sound. No one here. He enters:
72) 0) text: Rows of EMPTY PEWS. Boyce enters... Silence. Then, a SOUND - the sobs of a girl - coming from somewher ABOVE him. Boyce turns, looks up: A BALCONY. The voice seems to be coming from a LOGE BOX u there. Yet we can't see Chloe. .--but we can see Wafner, entering the loge box, talking German, a wicked smile on his face. Someone's at his feet out of our view. Wafner takes his belt off-- 90. Boyce wants to shoot the guy from here but there's no poi Instead, Boyce slinks across the sanctuary - to a set of STAIRS that will lead to the balcony... We RETURN TO:
74) 0) text: Boyce reaches the Balcony. From here he can see-- Wafner, his back to us, unzipping his trousers... and Chl flat on her back, handcuffed to a railing. Crying. Wafner mocks her in German, unmoved by her cries for mercy. Boyce moves in. This'll be easy; Wafner's a clean target. Boyce drifts closer. Wafner beginning to lower himself on of Chloe - his voice continuing to pour German filth into ears. Chloe crying, begging him to stop. Then she sees Boyce, standing over Wafner. Thank God. Boy lifts that AXE over his head. Wafner still unaware, when- BANG - a shot fired from the SANCTUARY FLOOR below, knock the axe from Boyce's hand--
74) 1) text: Then TWO MORE SHOTS -- Boyce HIT in the SHOULDER. He drop down on his belly. Wafner springs up now, half-dressed. Looks over the raili Kogan is down here, blasting away. Shouting at Wafner and pointing: there's an AMERICAN five feet from you! Now Wafner turns, sees Boyce. Wafner infuriated, coming a him. The axe is out of Boyce's grasp, and his SHOULDER is bleeding. Chloe terrified - Boyce too. Wafner five feet a
74) 3) text: BOYCE - IN THE BALCONY - knows he has to move fast.
74) 4) dialog: Turn away. Chloe turns her head. He swings the axe at the CHAIN cuff her wrist to the railing - just as Chloe squirms. He misses her face by half an inch. Misses the CHAIN too.
74) 5) dialog: What're you moving for?!
74) 7) dialog: Don't! Don't do anything! She stiffens. He swings the axe. Her eyes squeezed SHUT. With a SPARK, the chain breaks-- But just then - BANG BANG BANG - 92. Kogan firing up at them with his one remaining hand. Wafn firing too although BLIND - bullets everywhere. Madness.
74) 8) dialog: Follow me! He grabs Chloe, pulls her along the railing, ducking gunf All he's got is that AXE. She follows him into:
75) 0) text: With Wafner and Kogan still howling, firing-- ...-Boyce pulls Chloe toward the STAIRWELL DOOR. He tosse another GRENADE over his shoulder. It skitters past them A loud BOOM - ineffectual.
77) 0) text: Boyce and Chloe burst in, racing down the steps. A DOOR O one flight above them - Kogan leading the sightless Wafne into this stairwell. STILL FIRING, shouting-- Boyce leads Chloe out of the stairwell into--
78) 0) text: They emerge into the hallway, but - COMING AT THEM from 2 yards away - Mueller and Richt, reaching for their rifles Boyce and Chloe can't turn back - they've got Kogan and Wafner behind them. So we're TRAPPED. Mueller and Richt start FIRING. Boyce g Chloe's hand, leads her into the first reachable DOOR:
79) 0) text: Boyce shuts the door, leaving us in DARKNESS. Turns on hi flashlight - illuminating all these RIFLES, useless to us 93.
79) 2) dialog: No we're not. He grabs one of those lockers, pushes it up against the d as a barricade. Chloe holding up the flashlight for him. THUDS come from the other side of the door - four undead Nazis trying to get in. Chloe terrified. Boyce backing up against the locker to hold it. A BIGGER THUD - the door starting to give way. It jars th locker enough for the LOCKER DOORS to swing open. Things falling out now. The Nazis pounding away. Boyce tries to hold them back... but all four of these monsters are now pushing on that door. More ITEMS fall from the locker now, landing at Boyce's f One gets his attention - giving him an idea...
79) 3) dialog: Stand back.
79) 5) dialog: Stand back! She moves to the corner. Boyce moves AWAY FROM THE LOCKER backing up against the wall, in darkness. He grabs the flashlight from her, turns it off, as-- ONE LAST PUSH FROM THE NAZIS - the door bursts in. The LOCKER falls to the ground, slamming at Boyce's feet. And here they come - all four of them; Boyce has just let them in. Here's why: He now has PENNER'S FLAMETHROWER, the "Hitler Hunter"-— And he opens up with it, a spray of FLAME, illuminating t armory as it finds these four charging Nazis. Kogan, Richt, Mueller, Wafner - all of them engulfed. The heat unbearable. Chloe screaming. The Nazis shrieking, hissing. Their RIFLES FIRING. Kogan and Wafner drop and roll. Boyce douses them again. 94. Mueller staggers into a wall, then to the ground. Richt r down the hall, screeching. Boyce grabs Chloe's hand, leads her out.
80) 0) text: Flame everywhere, the Nazis burning noisily. Boyce douses Richt again. Richt drops. All good... until: Here come TWO MORE NAZIS, emerging from the stairwell. Boyce douses them. They catch fire... but we hear a CLICK Hitler Hunter is empty. And these guys aren't fully engul Boyce charges them with his BAYONET, drives it through bo of them, then uses it to plow them into that ARMORY. They burning too badly to defend themselves.
80) 2) dialog: Fire in the hole! BOOM - a HUGE EXPLOSION from inside the armory sends the rocketing out at us. But it did the job. He eyes Chloe - roasting bodies smoking all around them.
80) 3) dialog: Get out of here. Now!
80) 5) dialog: Chloe, we're blowing this whole place up! Go! End of argument. She turns to go. He opens the lab-door.. And a SHOCK suddenly appears at his feet-- It's that CREATURE/VILLAGER from Bed #3. Poor bastard mus have dragged himself all the way to this door. Now he lie here, spent, barely alive, barely human. And Chloe just stares, speechless. She's never seen anyth like this guy before - every inch of him diseased and bla Worse, his crazed eyes seem to be staring right at her... Her jaw drops, just saw something IMPOSSIBLE. She SCREAMS 95.
80) 6) dialog: Go home.
80) 10) dialog: You can't help him, Chloe. Just get as far away from here as you can. She doesn't reply - and he doesn't have time to argue. He disappears into the lab, closing the door behind him.
81) 0) text: Boyce stands in DARKNESS. His instincts freeze him.
81) 1) dialog: Flash. There's no answer from the darkness. He tries again:
81) 2) dialog: Flash. Again, no answer. Just a SOUND... a HISSING. Boyce turns his FLASHLIGHT, tracking the sound to: That STOVE. Its main line sending GAS VAPOR into the air. Boyce can smell it. Then his flashlight BEAM finds-- That pile of FLAMMABLES in the center of the room, sheets pillows, a Nazi flag, all doused with Rubbing Alcohol...
81) 3) dialog: Flash. 96.
81) 5) text: Beside him is Dr. Bruel. Alive - a SYRINGE in his hand. H drops it to the floor. Boyce can't breathe. Or blink. Utterly stupified.
81) 6) dialog: Lew?
81) 8) dialog: What happened to you?
81) 10) dialog: Whaddaya mean, you died? Ford keeps coming. How is he walking on a shattered ankle Bruel, behind him, watches with a sadistic delight. Boyce eyes the black blood on Ford's shirt - hoping he's wrong.
81) 11) dialog: What'd he do to you, Lew?
81) 14) dialog: Listen, let's just blow this place to Hell and get you to a medic, huh? (Ford keeps coming) Lew? BANG. Ford fires at him. Just missing. Boyce spins away, horrified, dropping the flashlight. DARKNESS now. He stumbles back, knocks over a beaker. Ford FIRES at the sound. BANG. A spark-missile in the blackness.
81) 15) dialog: Lew, it's me. Ed.
81) 17) dialog: Listen to me - this is not you. Your name is Lewis Ford. You're from Brooklyn. Corporal in the US Army. Put the rifle down, awright? BANG. Up ahead, a SECOND DOOR. Boyce moving toward it. He gets to the door. IT'S LOCKED. Won't budge. BANG. Another shot, this one nicking his hand.
81) 18) dialog: Your old man painted houses. Your ma's afraid of heights...
81) 20) dialog: Lew, don't!
81) 22) dialog: This is NOT you!
81) 24) dialog: Don't make me do this, Lew. Don't make me do this--
81) 26) dialog: Goddammit! He butt-ends Ford across the jaw with his rifle. It scram the wires in Ford's brain enough to slow him for a second
81) 28) dialog: Lew - please... But Ford keeps coming. Boyce BASHES HIM again - this time breaking Ford's JAW. Black blood spurting--
81) 30) dialog: THIS IS NOT YOU! You're a US soldier! Ford keeps coming. Boyce, crying now, bashes him again - time breaking Ford's orbital bone...
81) 32) dialog: That who you wanna be, Lew? The guy who wins the war for the Nazis? Ford grins, black blood on his teeth, his jaw now set at unnatural angle - completely gruesome. 99.
81) 33) dialog: What about the guys on Omaha Beach? We had a MISSION, remember? They reach that MOUND OF FLAMMABLES now, not far from the HISSING STOVE. Their eyes locked.
81) 34) dialog: We're supposed to destroy this place. The radio-jamming tower! By nine...
81) 36) dialog: Yeah. Ford nods calmly... then bends down, grabs something off pile of alcohol-soaked flammables, and holds it out to Bo His GRENADE... wired to the DET-CORDS of the TETRYTOL BLO
81) 38) dialog: This is not you, Lew.
81) 40) dialog: This is not you!
81) 43) dialog: We stick together, right? Ford's surprised, impressed. Bruel is terrified. He start run away. Ford grabs Bruel by the collar, preventing him from leavi
81) 47) dialog: Goodbye, Lew. They're going to die. Right now. 3, 2, l... .--but nothing happens. No explosion. Boyce deeply thrown The grenade was a fucking DUD. Bruel opens his eyes, surprised as hell. Boyce's eyes nev stray from Ford, who looks completely confused.
81) 48) dialog: Like you said. German grenades. No reply. Then, above them, a loud TICK. They look up-- It's a CLOCK - just struck 9 A.M. That, somehow, got Ford's attention. Boyce can see it.
81) 49) dialog: Nine o'clock, remember? D-Day. And something CLICKS in the back of Ford's brain. A memor flicker of the human being he used to be, just minutes ag He reaches into a pocket, removes his father's charred Zi Boyce reacts - his eyes going wide - but: 101.
81) 51) dialog: What?
82) 0) text: Boyce, in a dead sprint, races into that STAIRWELL.
83) 0) text: He enters, finds Chloe trying to drag the near-lifeless b of her father up the stairs. Boyce dives on them both, to shelter them, as:
86) 0) text: It's like a massive EARTHQUAKE in here. Boyce trying to shelter Chloe and her father. 102.
92) 0) text: Boyce awakens, his ears filling with all that sound. He l around. Nine hours have passed. He's in the LESNER BARN-- ..-which has now become a FIELD HOSPITAL. Around him, on cots, lie SEVEN WOUNDED SOLDIERS. We see I.V.'s, DOCTORS, works. Lesner's TRUCK has been moved out. And the U.S. Army, clearly, has moved in. Boyce is shirtless. His shoulder's been bandaged, the bur on his abdomen field-dressed. He sits up, slowly... Rosenfeld lies on a nearby cot. Grunauer is tending to hi But there's no Ford, of course. And no Chloe. Boyce rises 103. First few seconds on his feet are pretty wobbly. His knee want to give way, but he makes them stiffen. And everyone around here is too preoccupied to notice. He takes a first halting step for the barn door - then notices something to his right, a STANDING CURTAIN, partitioning off one patient from the rest. He hears a familiar voice behind it. Marie-Elena. Boyce m to the curtain. Grunauer notices:
92) 2) dialog: Chloe? She looks up, her eyes suddenly wet with tears. Boyce hur to her side, feeling very lucky. He takes her hand.
92) 3) dialog: You okay?
92) 5) dialog: I'm sorry about your father--
92) 7) dialog: Derwin Frances.
92) 9) dialog: Yeah, okay. He turns to Chloe. She smiles bravely. Boyce gives her an assuring look, turns to go-- 104. ..-inadvertently putting his hand in his pocket, surprise find something there. He extracts it. It's that WWI MEDAL... for VALOR. Ford's parting gift to Boyce breathes out a sad smile, eyeing the medal, starts hand it back to Chloe.
92) 10) dialog: Here. This doesn't belong to me. Chloe closes Boyce's hand around the medal...
92) 14) dialog: Mine too. They reach Boyce's cot.
92) 16) dialog: Guys, tell me something. On the level. 'Cause I don't know if I'm gonna get another chance to ask. The WOUNDED G.I.'s wait. Boyce looks troubled, serious. T
92) 17) dialog: (re: stomach bandage) Does this make me look fat? Instant laughs, from guys who could use one. Boyce sits, we PULL BACK... out of this barn, to: