17) 7) dialog: Non! Non! Je suis-- The G.I.'s get to their feet. They're American. That chan everything. She exclaims, in accented ENGLISH:
17) 8) dialog: You're here! My God! That fast she starts sobbing, hard, as if she'd been free from Dachau. She rushes over to hug them. Ford steps back
17) 10) dialog: (thru tears) Outside Cielblanc.
17) 12) dialog: Yes.
17) 14) dialog: Three kilometers, that way. Ford and Boyce brush past her, moving some foliage aside: town of Cielblanc is a tiny dot, nearly a mile from here.
17) 17) dialog: (so hopeful) This was your target? Cielblanc? You liberate us? They don't answer. Overhead, more planes groan. Then Ford stiffens. Just heard something else: A VEHICLE, approaching. Ford and Boyce know that sound. 22.
17) 19) dialog: No. Play dead.
17) 21) dialog: Please, listen to me. If they get you we'll never be free of them. Ford whips around, looking for a hiding spot. Then he stops. Truth is there's no better option out here and he knows it. So, although he HATES this plan... He leans back. Boyce and Tibbet too, their eyes SHUT. For turns his back to the road - his eyes OPEN - positioning TRENCH-KNIFE like a mirror so he can see the road, as:
17) 28) dialog: I'm sorry. They ordered me away.
17) 30) dialog: I can help you.
18) 0) text: Ford, Boyce, and Tibbet trail the half-track at a distanc Chloe lags behind the G.I.'s.
19) 5) text: That shut Tibbet up. The moment hangs... as Chloe arrives
19) 7) dialog: Is that why you're here? The church?
19) 9) dialog: Sometimes just a few. Sometimes more.
19) 11) dialog: There was a priest; the Nazis hung him. You have more men coming?
19) 14) dialog: Chloe Laurent. I live with my family, that house there. I can hide you until the rest of your men arrive. We have an attic.
19) 17) dialog: Then please, be careful for the other houses. There are collaborators here. (Boyce eyes Ford) It's the Nazis - they have poisoned this place... Good luck. Ford nods. Chloe rises, heads home. The G.I.'s watch her ..-until she has slipped quietly into her HOME. It has an ATTIC WINDOW that overlooks the town. Ford notes it.
35) 0) text: Ford heads down the foothill, careful not to make a sound Then a horrible SNAP - the slamming shut of metal on meta He just stepped on one of Chloe's ANIMAL TRAPS. His ANKLE SHATTERED, that fast. Blinding pain.
42) 0) text: Ford and Boyce hide in shadow behind Chloe's house. Carry more pilfered goods, she crosses through a vegetable patc her BACK DOOR as-- Boyce and Ford emerge from the dark. Chloe jumps back, sc - then catches her breath, realizing it's them.
42) 4) dialog: Please - not so loud. We don't want to wake my family.
42) 6) dialog: They're just afraid. 40.
42) 8) dialog: You'd understand if you lived here. Just then, A SOUND - the front gate of the CHURCH opening
42) 10) dialog: "Experiments." They built a lab under the chapel. I'm sorry about your leg. Ford reacts - a lab? - when they see Pvt. Kiebel descendi the foothill, armed, approaching the town. Shit. Without word, Boyce helps Ford toward the back door...
43) 0) text: Chloe leads Ford and Boyce inside this simple country hom the FLOORBOARDS in here creaking with every step. Agonizi That SEARCHLIGHT BEAM drills through a window. Ford and B duck into shadow - and they freeze there, Ford whispering
43) 2) dialog: Science. Torture. Depends who you ask. There's a doctor-- The beam moves on. Ford hobbles into:
44) 1) dialog: He comes around every morning.
46) 10) dialog: Then maybe you could take us away from here? Behind her is her brother PAUL, 7, shy, carrying a CIGAR gazing at Boyce and Ford as if they were movie stars.
46) 11) dialog: My brother, Paul.
46) 13) dialog: The only soldiers he's ever seen are Nazis. I wanted him to know better. Chloe crosses to a junk-pile, pulls out a hand-made CRUTC carved from a tree-limb. She hands it to Ford.
46) 14) dialog: Here, take this. It was my father's.
46) 17) dialog: You make too much noise.
46) 19) dialog: Do you need anything else? Water?
46) 21) dialog: Vien, Paul. Paul answers her - he wants to stay up here. She says it again, "Vien." No dice. Pretty humiliating, being defied your kid brother. And Ford is unamused.
47) 0) text: Chloe's here. To Boyce's left, a BEDROOM DOOR OPENS and-- --Instant JUMP-SCARE: Chloe's grand-mother ANNELISE, 70, emerging. Her eyes are a milky white. And the skin on her arms is gruesome - COAL BLACK up to the shoulders.
47) 1) text: Looks like the skin we saw on Madame Lesner's face, the f eaten by disease, or frostbite, or bacteria. Or all three Necrotid tissue, bubbling with blisters. Boyce stiffens. Chloe's almost glad he got to see this-- 45.
47) 2) dialog: You ask what they do in that lab? (re: Annelise's ARMS) This. Boyce, pole-axed, just stares for a second.
47) 3) dialog: They came for my father too. When he returned he couldn't walk anymore. His legs... Then they came back for him. This time he didn't come home at all.
47) 5) dialog: Every house in this village has a story like that. If Boyce had time, he'd sit down and discuss it. But he doesn't. He heads for the window, then crouches low besid it, timing that SEARCHLIGHT out there. Chloe drifts over. On a table is a PHOTO, taken 5 YEARS AGO: Chloe-at-14, wi what must be her mother and grandfather and Annelise, and Chloe's (now-dead) father, ALAIN, holding Paul (at 2). Boyce notes it, just for a second, then looks outside aga
47) 6) dialog: Is there anything I can do to help? Anything you need?
47) 8) dialog: You can't leave it standing. Okay? (Boyce half-turns...) The church. When you kill those men, you have to blow it up or burn it - but don't just leave it there. Can you do that? Can you bury it? Boyce pauses - regards her and her grandmother - the trag of war right there on their faces. It touches him. 46.
47) 10) dialog: Merci. He nods - almost past her, when--
47) 12) text: This is bad. Very. Chloe gasps. INSTANT TERROR--
47) 13) dialog: They know you're here! They must know you're here!
47) 15) dialog: He never comes at night! And he never brings a guard with him! She hurriedly translates for Annelise, who is instantly terrified. Boyce processing all that - fast...
47) 16) dialog: Paul! Paul! Vite! Mama!
47) 21) text: Boyce knows all too well. He drops to his belly at the TO THE ATTIC STEPS, rifle pointed toward the room below. For lines up beside him, rifle ready. BACK TO CHLOE - she sits by the fire, trying to look utte natural. Annelise too, as-- THE FRONT DOOR IS THROWN OPEN - and here's Dr. Bruel, fla by SS Pvt. Wafner. Bruel twitches a bit, that tic of his. He nods to TWO BEDROOM DOORS, says something that must be "Get them". Chloe nods obediently. BACK TO THE ATTIC - There's a KNOTHOLE in the floor, thro which Boyce and Ford can look down into the Great Room be where they see Chloe, at that bedroom door:
47) 22) dialog: Mama? Grandpere? BACK TO THE GREAT ROOM - Two doors open. GUILLAUME, Chloe grandfather, emerges from one. Loyal and silent, he stand beside Annelise. Then, from the other door, Chloe's MOTHE This is MARIE-ELENA, pure steel, embittered by war. She mentions the lateness of the hour to Bruel, in French. He snaps back at her angrily. Marie-Elena eyes the floor. BACK TO THE ATTIC - Ford peeks through that knothole now. And sees Annelise for the first time. What the??? Boyce n DOWNSTAIRS - Annelise is silent, stoic. Wafner asks, in German, "Where's the boy?" Chloe tightens. If Wafner goes those steps, WE'RE ALL DEAD. So, aloud:
47) 23) dialog: Paul? ATTIC - Paul remains frozen in place, too petrified to mo Ford eyes the kid, "Get down there." Paul's so terrified DROPS ONE OF THOSE MARBLES. It falls to the floor - a noise that feels concussive in tense silence. Everyone tightens, every head turns. ..-including Wafner's. And Bruel's. 48. .+..as the damn marble starts to roll down those steps - waterfall of SOUND that feels endless: TAP-roll-TAP-roll-TAP-roll... Ford bracing now. Boyce watching Wafner and Bruel for a reaction. Paul trembling. TAP-roll... The Laurents frozen ..+-until the marble hits the last step and rolls toward Chloe, and she puts her foot on it. Silence... Paul reappears at the bottom of the steps now. Chloe hand him his marble. He nods, thanks. Apologizes to Bruel. Then Paul and Chloe and the rest of the family STAND IN A LINE like soldiers at Roll Call, shoulder to shoulder. All eyes on Wafner and Bruel. A silent, agonizing moment. ..-until Dr. Bruel opens his bag, pulls out a SYRINGE, an approaches Annelise, her arms coal-black and blistered. Boyce and Ford watching. Bruel drifts BEHIND her, kneels down, finds a suitable ve in the back of her knee. Her leg has bruises all over it, like a junkie. In goes the NEEDLE. Annelise silent. ...as he draws her blood - which is BLACK. Not red. Not dark red. BLACK. Boyce and Ford stare in disbelief. Oddly, Annelise's family doesn't react at all. Bruel calmly caps his syringe, takes out another... ...and moves on to Guillaume, who sticks out his arm - wh is when we see that HIS FINGERTIPS ARE BLACK. Both hands. Bruel draws blood - also BLACK - from Guillaume's right a Boyce and Ford watching, dazed... Bruel caps syringe #2, uses a ruler from his bag to measu the BLACKNESS on Guillaume's right hand. A FINGERNAIL ext awkwardly. Bruel yanks it off. Guillaume doesn't feel it. But Ford and Boyce sure do, wincing. Then Bruel asks Annelise to stick out her right hand. That's impossible for her; the tissue is just dead. The a won't move. Guillaume reaches over, lifts it for her. A gesture of great kindness, but sad as hell. 49. Bruel examines her right hand. Taps on it. Once. Twice... And it falls off. Right there, on to the floor. Chloe gasps. Paul cries. Boyce and Ford stunned. WHAT THE FUCK?! But there it is, on the floor - her bloodless HAND, dead tissue. Guillaume fights back a tear. Marie-Elena too. Pa trembling. Annelise is stunned, but oddly unpained. ...-as Bruel makes a dispassionate note in a NOTEBOOK, an mumbles something to them in French. Then he closes up hi bag, and says to Wafner, in German, "Let's go." Wafner says what must be "I'll be along in a moment." Bruel shrugs, turns to go. Marie-Elena calls out to him w a question. Bruel brushes her off with:
47) 26) dialog: He speaks Eng-- But before she can finish the word, Wafner turns and ATTA surprising them completely, he upends Ford and knocks Boy gun to the ground, fast. He reaches for his sidearm. Ford swipes at it with the crutch. The gun goes flying-- Wafner dives for his gun. Boyce too. Two strong young men locked up. Ford trying to get back on his feet. Marie-Ele horrified at the bottom of the steps, berating Chloe, as- Wafner, strong as hell, pushes Boyce away and grabs the G --gets to his knees, about to fire at Boyce when-- THUMP. Ford, upright again, RIFLE-BUTTS Wafner in the bac the head. Wafner drops, half-conscious. And it's over.
47) 32) dialog: That's for my grandmother!
47) 34) dialog: They made her drink something, she said it was like tar. My father had to drink it too.
47) 36) dialog: Why do Nazis do anything?
47) 38) dialog: His name's Bruel. He delivered me, and Paul. Now he's more Nazi than the Nazis. Half the village has been in there.
47) 40) dialog: No. The Nazis have other plans for me.
47) 53) dialog: That knife belongs in his heart--
48) 0) text: Chloe's waiting at the bottom - which means she heard all this. Boyce reaches her, thinking she's about to say "Goo Luck" or something. But instead--
48) 2) dialog: Please, please... take me away from here. I can't stand it anymore. Boyce, his face flushed, can barely manage a half-nod. Ch gathers herself... then opens the door--
49) 0) text: Chloe's family awaits. They note Boyce and his rifle... a for just a second, Boyce feels brave. A liberator. Then:
49) 3) dialog: He meant "fight" for us.
49) 13) text: BACK TO THE SQUARE - The SHOT rips through the air, missi its target but hitting the gallows. The villagers shocked BACK TO FORD - every part of him tensing. BACK TO THE CHURCH - Bruel berates Richt, in German. "Who gave you the right to interfere with my work here! You al killed one of my subjects!" BACK TO THE SQUARE - the villagers SCATTER back to their homes in fear, doors slamming. Lesner shuts her window... ..-but Annelise just keeps singing. BACK TO CHLOE - Her family staring out at Annelise... 59.
49) 15) text: He finds a ridge that looks DOWN on the church grounds. Perfect - he can do some killing from here. BACK TO ANNELISE - She sees him back there, sees Bruel in foreground. Mission accomplished. She stops singing. .-.climbs on to the lip of that WELL, her eyes on Bruel-- ...and throws herself in. Just like that. BACK TO BOYCE - Eyes wide, can't believe it. CHLOE AND HER FAMILY - They scream. Paul, distraught, spr up and runs for the attic steps. BACK TO BRUEL - He turns abruptly and heads back inside t church, leaving Richt alone out here. BACK TO THE TOWN SQUARE - utter silence and stillness. No sound from the bottom of the well... BACK TO FORD - He lowers his head, just for a moment.
56) 1) dialog: That really ought to be looked at. Chloe, at the top of the steps, gestures to Ford's blood- soaked pantleg. An uneasy tension between them. Ford shrugs, "Go ahead." Chloe crosses past Wafner and si She unties Ford's boot; he keeps his eyes out the window despite the searing pain. Mission, mission, mission. She pulls the boot off. AGONY. Ford just grits his teeth. Chloe pulls up his pantleg, pulls down his bloody sock - regarding what one of her traps did to a human leg.
56) 4) dialog: I'm sorry - about your father. (Ford shrugs) He was a fireman?
56) 6) dialog: Oh. Then why did he run into--
56) 8) dialog: You're leaving us?
57) 0) text: Ford descends noisily on his crutch - then emerges, Chloe right behind him. The Laurents turn.
57) 2) dialog: How can you help him on one leg?
57) 5) dialog: She said take the truck. (Ford thrown) Madame Lesner has a truck in her barn. That one, there. To move him if he is hurt. Ford nods "Thanks". Marie-Elena nods back. He steps outsi 66.
61) 4) dialog: He went out - to help you!
64) 11) dialog: (dazed...) We heard stories about it, my whole life. The black river under the hill. But they were just stories... Silence - Ford and Boyce still processing all this...
64) 45) text: Huh? Chloe screams. Boyce looks to Ford.
65) 0) text: Boyce, at the base of the steps, sees Wafner coming, draw his SIDE-ARM, fires THREE SHOTS into Wafner's belly. BLACK BLOOD oozes from Wafner's gut. A mere annoyance. He steps OVER Boyce, heading for the door. Chloe screaming. Rosenfeld reaches for a sidearm - but doesn't have one. The rest of Chloe's family emerges now - to see Wafner he for the door. Chloe screaming. Boyce gets to his feet. 80. --Ford thumping his way down the stairs-- Wafner reaches the door, opens it. An insane moment. He carries her away, Chloe screaming:
65) 1) dialog: 
69) 0) text: We were here before. But now none of the LIGHTS are worki Rooms to our right and left. All dark now. Boyce is about step into the hallway when-- A FLASHLIGHT BEAM whips past his nose. He moves back. ...to find Wafner hurrying past this door - heading AWAY the LAB. No sign of Chloe. Wafner vanishes down the hall. Boyce follows. Ford stops him. And this is in WHISPERS:
72) 0) text: Rows of EMPTY PEWS. Boyce enters... Silence. Then, a SOUND - the sobs of a girl - coming from somewher ABOVE him. Boyce turns, looks up: A BALCONY. The voice seems to be coming from a LOGE BOX u there. Yet we can't see Chloe. .--but we can see Wafner, entering the loge box, talking German, a wicked smile on his face. Someone's at his feet out of our view. Wafner takes his belt off-- 90. Boyce wants to shoot the guy from here but there's no poi Instead, Boyce slinks across the sanctuary - to a set of STAIRS that will lead to the balcony... We RETURN TO:
74) 0) text: Boyce reaches the Balcony. From here he can see-- Wafner, his back to us, unzipping his trousers... and Chl flat on her back, handcuffed to a railing. Crying. Wafner mocks her in German, unmoved by her cries for mercy. Boyce moves in. This'll be easy; Wafner's a clean target. Boyce drifts closer. Wafner beginning to lower himself on of Chloe - his voice continuing to pour German filth into ears. Chloe crying, begging him to stop. Then she sees Boyce, standing over Wafner. Thank God. Boy lifts that AXE over his head. Wafner still unaware, when- BANG - a shot fired from the SANCTUARY FLOOR below, knock the axe from Boyce's hand--
74) 1) text: Then TWO MORE SHOTS -- Boyce HIT in the SHOULDER. He drop down on his belly. Wafner springs up now, half-dressed. Looks over the raili Kogan is down here, blasting away. Shouting at Wafner and pointing: there's an AMERICAN five feet from you! Now Wafner turns, sees Boyce. Wafner infuriated, coming a him. The axe is out of Boyce's grasp, and his SHOULDER is bleeding. Chloe terrified - Boyce too. Wafner five feet a
74) 6) dialog: You just said turn away!
75) 0) text: With Wafner and Kogan still howling, firing-- ...-Boyce pulls Chloe toward the STAIRWELL DOOR. He tosse another GRENADE over his shoulder. It skitters past them A loud BOOM - ineffectual.
77) 0) text: Boyce and Chloe burst in, racing down the steps. A DOOR O one flight above them - Kogan leading the sightless Wafne into this stairwell. STILL FIRING, shouting-- Boyce leads Chloe out of the stairwell into--
78) 0) text: They emerge into the hallway, but - COMING AT THEM from 2 yards away - Mueller and Richt, reaching for their rifles Boyce and Chloe can't turn back - they've got Kogan and Wafner behind them. So we're TRAPPED. Mueller and Richt start FIRING. Boyce g Chloe's hand, leads her into the first reachable DOOR:
79) 1) dialog: We're going to die...
79) 4) dialog: What?
80) 4) dialog: I want to help you--
80) 7) dialog: I can't! (suddenly unraveling) It's my father... Boyce pauses - maybe he heard wrong. Nope, that's what sh said. He studies the face of the creature at their feet.. and he sees it. This, once, was Alain Laurent. Chloe devastated, horrified, grateful - all at once.
80) 8) dialog: Papa?! Just then, a NOISE IN THE LAB reminds Boyce of his duty. bends down, grabs the Alain-Creature by the arms, drags h out of the doorway, as:
80) 9) dialog: Papa?!
83) 0) text: He enters, finds Chloe trying to drag the near-lifeless b of her father up the stairs. Boyce dives on them both, to shelter them, as:
86) 0) text: It's like a massive EARTHQUAKE in here. Boyce trying to shelter Chloe and her father. 102.
92) 0) text: Boyce awakens, his ears filling with all that sound. He l around. Nine hours have passed. He's in the LESNER BARN-- ..-which has now become a FIELD HOSPITAL. Around him, on cots, lie SEVEN WOUNDED SOLDIERS. We see I.V.'s, DOCTORS, works. Lesner's TRUCK has been moved out. And the U.S. Army, clearly, has moved in. Boyce is shirtless. His shoulder's been bandaged, the bur on his abdomen field-dressed. He sits up, slowly... Rosenfeld lies on a nearby cot. Grunauer is tending to hi But there's no Ford, of course. And no Chloe. Boyce rises 103. First few seconds on his feet are pretty wobbly. His knee want to give way, but he makes them stiffen. And everyone around here is too preoccupied to notice. He takes a first halting step for the barn door - then notices something to his right, a STANDING CURTAIN, partitioning off one patient from the rest. He hears a familiar voice behind it. Marie-Elena. Boyce m to the curtain. Grunauer notices:
92) 4) dialog: (nods then: ) You? Boyce breathes out a smile, Marie-Elena and Paul silent.
92) 11) dialog: Yes. It does. She meant that, and it feels pretty good. So... He kisses her. A big one. She gives into it. The kiss lin - the OTHER G.I.'s in here watching the silhouette of it through the hospital curtain... until: