0) 22) text: He fell outside the PX, broke his ankle. So they reassigned me. Name's D.F. Grunauer. No one's saying, "Welcome aboard!" So Ford extends a hand
0) 28) dialog: What's our target, Sarge?
4) 2) dialog: Miami. You?
4) 4) dialog: Oh yeah? You a farmer? Ford chuckles every time Boyce has to answer that.
4) 8) dialog: ...Derwin Frances. A few guys snicker, Grunauer tightening - so:
4) 9) text: Coulda been worse. Coulda stood for “Der Fuhrer." Grunauer laughs, Ford keeping it all light.
92) 0) text: Boyce awakens, his ears filling with all that sound. He l around. Nine hours have passed. He's in the LESNER BARN-- ..-which has now become a FIELD HOSPITAL. Around him, on cots, lie SEVEN WOUNDED SOLDIERS. We see I.V.'s, DOCTORS, works. Lesner's TRUCK has been moved out. And the U.S. Army, clearly, has moved in. Boyce is shirtless. His shoulder's been bandaged, the bur on his abdomen field-dressed. He sits up, slowly... Rosenfeld lies on a nearby cot. Grunauer is tending to hi But there's no Ford, of course. And no Chloe. Boyce rises 103. First few seconds on his feet are pretty wobbly. His knee want to give way, but he makes them stiffen. And everyone around here is too preoccupied to notice. He takes a first halting step for the barn door - then notices something to his right, a STANDING CURTAIN, partitioning off one patient from the rest. He hears a familiar voice behind it. Marie-Elena. Boyce m to the curtain. Grunauer notices:
92) 1) dialog: Boyce! What're you-- Boyce steps around the curtain, to find a BED: Chloe is in it, wounded but alive, tended to by Marie-Ele Paul sits in a corner.
92) 6) dialog: --Boyce. Grunauer, standing by the curtain. Boyce turns.
92) 8) dialog: Back in bed.
92) 12) dialog: Okay, Boyce. That'll do... The kiss ends. Chloe beams; they've got a chance, these t
92) 13) dialog: Let's go. Boyce nods. Grunauer tugs him away, leaving Chloe behind. They head back across the barn to Boyce's bed - a few G.I now regarding Boyce as something of a celebrity... GRUNAUER (CONT’D) Hey, I'm sorry about Ford. Guy saved my life up there.
92) 15) dialog: Rest up, awright? Grunauer heads toward an AILING PATIENT. Boyce about to c back into his cot. But first he looks around-- ..-at these seven G.I.'s, silent and tight, some badly- wounded, watching him. Rosenfeld too. Boyce regards them Ford would've done something to help these men, no doubt about it. So, after a long beat: 105.