0) 20) dialog: Sure. Done - cigarettes for chocolate. Boyce eyes them with won “How can you be so nonchalant?! We're about to DIE." Then A MEDIC stumbles clumsily aboard, his helmet falling off. This is D.F. GRUNAUER. He grabs the helmet, finds a seat. well aware that he's being stared at. By everyone. PFC. PETE GURKIN (23, from Houston) eyes Grunauer... then
0) 38) dialog: Yes, Sergeant!
0) 41) dialog: If you wouldn't mind, I'm tryin' to win a war here.
2) 1) text: Most of the paratroopers are praying now. We bounce arou catching glimpses of PFC. CHASE, Gurkin, and Rosenfeld:
2) 4) dialog: I'll be home soon, Ma. Everything rumbling, bouncing, every paratrooper tight. W land on Boyce, as his eyes open... and he sees what Ford wrote on the floor of this fuselage: "82nd Airborne. We came to liberate France. June 5, 1944.
4) 21) dialog: Happy to.
8) 14) dialog: (to Dawes) Promise me, okay? If it looks like I'm about to be captured, put a bullet in my back.
8) 16) dialog: I'd rather not find out how Nazis treat prisoners named Rosenfeld.
17) 24) text: The other is Rosenfeld. His face ashen.
19) 0) text: From here they see Rosenfeld and the other POW marching u narrow road behind the town... and into that church on th foothill. Then we lose sight of them.
55) 5) dialog: I didn't talk. I didn't--
55) 8) dialog: Boyce! Boyce turns - a BLUR behind him - and: 64. Dr. Bruel emerges from shadow. He'd been hiding there. He RIFLE-BUTTS Boyce in the head. ALL GOES BLACK. We CUT TO:
59) 0) text: Boyce awakens in this huge space. Looks around, disorient He's on an OPERATING TABLE - his hands and feet tied to i legs. A nearby SURGICAL TRAY bears a SCALPEL and SYRINGES Around him are the Villager-Creatures, tied to their beds black tar being pumped through their veins by Autojectors .+-black blood draining from them into bottles on the flo Bed #3 remains toppled over, its patient still tied to it The 25 GERMANS remain on their granite slabs across the l The GAS STOVE is on again, black blood boiling in a vial. Rosenfeld's bed is beside Boyce's. Their eyes meet. Then, BANGING SOUND. Boyce turns: It's Bruel, using a MALLET to crush TWO US-ARMY DETONATOR Shit. Bruel drops the mallet and turns, twitching slightl his eyes on Boyce... Then Bruel grabs a SYRINGE. Boyce braces himself. Bruel finds a VEIN in Boyce's arm. goes the needle... Bruel drawing blood, as:
59) 27) dialog: Water... Bruel pauses as if he'd misheard.
59) 29) dialog: 
59) 32) dialog: Water. S'il vous plait. Bruel backhands Rosenfeld across the face - just as Boyce hand_comes free. Rosenfeld keeps at it:
59) 33) dialog: Okay, wine then. A nice French Bordeaux maybe--
60) 0) text: Boyce carries Rosenfeld through. Up ahead is the BACK DOO that he blew open with that grenade. He heads toward it.. BACK TO THE BARN - Ford and Lesner struggle on the floor animals. Gouging, scratching, smothering, gasping...
61) 0) text: Boyce enters, lays Rosenfeld across the Dining Table.
65) 0) text: Boyce, at the base of the steps, sees Wafner coming, draw his SIDE-ARM, fires THREE SHOTS into Wafner's belly. BLACK BLOOD oozes from Wafner's gut. A mere annoyance. He steps OVER Boyce, heading for the door. Chloe screaming. Rosenfeld reaches for a sidearm - but doesn't have one. The rest of Chloe's family emerges now - to see Wafner he for the door. Chloe screaming. Boyce gets to his feet. 80. --Ford thumping his way down the stairs-- Wafner reaches the door, opens it. An insane moment. He carries her away, Chloe screaming:
65) 5) dialog: What're you gonna use for a detonator?
92) 0) text: Boyce awakens, his ears filling with all that sound. He l around. Nine hours have passed. He's in the LESNER BARN-- ..-which has now become a FIELD HOSPITAL. Around him, on cots, lie SEVEN WOUNDED SOLDIERS. We see I.V.'s, DOCTORS, works. Lesner's TRUCK has been moved out. And the U.S. Army, clearly, has moved in. Boyce is shirtless. His shoulder's been bandaged, the bur on his abdomen field-dressed. He sits up, slowly... Rosenfeld lies on a nearby cot. Grunauer is tending to hi But there's no Ford, of course. And no Chloe. Boyce rises 103. First few seconds on his feet are pretty wobbly. His knee want to give way, but he makes them stiffen. And everyone around here is too preoccupied to notice. He takes a first halting step for the barn door - then notices something to his right, a STANDING CURTAIN, partitioning off one patient from the rest. He hears a familiar voice behind it. Marie-Elena. Boyce m to the curtain. Grunauer notices: