27) 0) text: Ford reaches the top of the FOOTHILL on the SOUTH SIDE of CHURCH. The RADIO-JAMMING TOWER looms above it. That GATE, 12 feet high, surrounds the grounds. Ford find nearby BRANCH... uses it to climb the gate... gets to the of the gate, scans the grounds: At the FRONT GATE, those two SS GUARDS (PVT. KIEBEL and P WAFNER) eye the skies anxiously. All those planes. Then t church's FRONT DOOR OPENS - a DOCTOR in a LABCOAT emerges 31. DR. HUGO BRUEL, the man we saw in that 16 mm. FILM. He's passionate about Nazism, a taskmaster... But Wafner and Kiebel fail to come to attention; that tells Ford somethi Bruel has an odd tic, a neck-twitch that often snaps his to the left by an inch. It infuriates him, always has. He yells at Wafner and Kiebel, gesturing to the PLANES overh They answer mechanically, "Nein, Herr Doktor." and "Jawoh Herr Doktor." Bruel tics again and storms back inside.
47) 21) text: Boyce knows all too well. He drops to his belly at the TO THE ATTIC STEPS, rifle pointed toward the room below. For lines up beside him, rifle ready. BACK TO CHLOE - she sits by the fire, trying to look utte natural. Annelise too, as-- THE FRONT DOOR IS THROWN OPEN - and here's Dr. Bruel, fla by SS Pvt. Wafner. Bruel twitches a bit, that tic of his. He nods to TWO BEDROOM DOORS, says something that must be "Get them". Chloe nods obediently. BACK TO THE ATTIC - There's a KNOTHOLE in the floor, thro which Boyce and Ford can look down into the Great Room be where they see Chloe, at that bedroom door:
47) 45) dialog: (muffled) I don't know anything.
47) 47) text: Wafner’s eyes roll back in pain, Boyce shocked. Ford LEAV THE KNIFE THERE... and twists it - then:
47) 56) dialog: (muffled) Yes!!! Ford leans on the knife like the throttle of an airplane, pushing it in deeper - then lowers the cloth--
47) 59) dialog: Four! Please take this out!
47) 61) dialog: In the lab! Please!
47) 63) dialog: I don't know. Experiments. 54.
47) 65) dialog: Research! I don't know!
47) 67) dialog: In the lab! A cabinet! Please--
47) 69) dialog: The invasion! The doctor wants to complete his work before the town is overrun.
47) 71) dialog: I don't know! We are told so little! (Ford pushes DEEPER) I don't interfere with him, I swear it! I just do as I'm told! A sob suddenly bubbles from his throat - the guy's just i too much pain to go on. His head droops, whipped...
47) 72) dialog: Please... Ford yanks the knife out. Wafner sobs quietly. Boyce sile Ford checks the time, reaches into Wafner's breast-pocket pulls out the pack of CIGARETTES he knew would be there.. And shoves one between Wafner's lips. Wafner appreciates Then Ford pulls the ENVELOPE from his own jacket - the on addressed to his mother in Brooklyn. He rips it open. Inside is a BRASS ZIPPO LIGHTER - looks like it's been through fire, literally; it's got SCORCH-MARKS on it. He lights Wafner's cigarette, as:
47) 76) dialog: One of the prisoners is dead already. The other is tied to a table. Your explosives are in the cabinet farthest from the door.
47) 78) dialog: You'll hand me over to your Army, say I co-operated?
64) 0) text: Boyce arrives, pulls out the SYRINGE he took from the lab and a vial of BLACK BLOOD. He thrusts them at Wafner.
64) 4) dialog: You saw it. Don't you know? Yes, Boyce knows - but he's silent. Wafner grins...
64) 8) dialog: You want a Thousand-Year Reich, you need a Thousand-Year Army. You see? That lands with a THUD. Boyce and Ford silent... A beat... trying to digest the idea. It goes down hard...
64) 9) dialog: It's been there for ages, you know. The tar. Ask her, she'll tell you. All we did was dig it up...
64) 12) dialog: Credit that doctor - there were so many failed attempts before he learned how to use it, but he's tireless. If his countryman had worked half as hard to defend France, we wouldn't be here today. Boyce shakes his head. Ford just smoldering... 76.
64) 14) dialog: Think of it. An inexhaustible army.
64) 17) dialog: But I told you everything!
64) 22) dialog: I don't-- I'm just a soldier! (Ford about to strike)
64) 35) dialog: 
64) 39) dialog: You... killed me?
64) 41) dialog: You killed me.
64) 43) dialog: You see now? A Thousand-Year Army for a Thousand-Year Reich! ...as Wafner starts toward Ford--
65) 0) text: Boyce, at the base of the steps, sees Wafner coming, draw his SIDE-ARM, fires THREE SHOTS into Wafner's belly. BLACK BLOOD oozes from Wafner's gut. A mere annoyance. He steps OVER Boyce, heading for the door. Chloe screaming. Rosenfeld reaches for a sidearm - but doesn't have one. The rest of Chloe's family emerges now - to see Wafner he for the door. Chloe screaming. Boyce gets to his feet. 80. --Ford thumping his way down the stairs-- Wafner reaches the door, opens it. An insane moment. He carries her away, Chloe screaming:
69) 0) text: We were here before. But now none of the LIGHTS are worki Rooms to our right and left. All dark now. Boyce is about step into the hallway when-- A FLASHLIGHT BEAM whips past his nose. He moves back. ...to find Wafner hurrying past this door - heading AWAY the LAB. No sign of Chloe. Wafner vanishes down the hall. Boyce follows. Ford stops him. And this is in WHISPERS:
72) 0) text: Rows of EMPTY PEWS. Boyce enters... Silence. Then, a SOUND - the sobs of a girl - coming from somewher ABOVE him. Boyce turns, looks up: A BALCONY. The voice seems to be coming from a LOGE BOX u there. Yet we can't see Chloe. .--but we can see Wafner, entering the loge box, talking German, a wicked smile on his face. Someone's at his feet out of our view. Wafner takes his belt off-- 90. Boyce wants to shoot the guy from here but there's no poi Instead, Boyce slinks across the sanctuary - to a set of STAIRS that will lead to the balcony... We RETURN TO:
74) 0) text: Boyce reaches the Balcony. From here he can see-- Wafner, his back to us, unzipping his trousers... and Chl flat on her back, handcuffed to a railing. Crying. Wafner mocks her in German, unmoved by her cries for mercy. Boyce moves in. This'll be easy; Wafner's a clean target. Boyce drifts closer. Wafner beginning to lower himself on of Chloe - his voice continuing to pour German filth into ears. Chloe crying, begging him to stop. Then she sees Boyce, standing over Wafner. Thank God. Boy lifts that AXE over his head. Wafner still unaware, when- BANG - a shot fired from the SANCTUARY FLOOR below, knock the axe from Boyce's hand--
74) 1) text: Then TWO MORE SHOTS -- Boyce HIT in the SHOULDER. He drop down on his belly. Wafner springs up now, half-dressed. Looks over the raili Kogan is down here, blasting away. Shouting at Wafner and pointing: there's an AMERICAN five feet from you! Now Wafner turns, sees Boyce. Wafner infuriated, coming a him. The axe is out of Boyce's grasp, and his SHOULDER is bleeding. Chloe terrified - Boyce too. Wafner five feet a
74) 2) dialog: You should have left me dead. Boyce has a SIDE-ARM, but what good is it? Here comes Waf unkillable and angry. Fuck. He's about to strike-- Then Boyce gets an idea. He FIRES at Wafner's left eye. gl. BINGO. Wafner one-eyed now. Boyce fires at his right eye. BINGO. Wafner blinded now, cursing Boyce loudly. Boyce ge to his feet. Wafner still coming. Boyce plows into the gu that SHOULDER screaming in pain. But Boyce keeps CHARGING ..-like a crazed linebacker, pile-driving the now-blind Wafner over the balcony railing-- Down, down... Wafner lands hard on the Sanctuary floor. H still alive - but he's been neutralized for a moment. Kogan hasn't. He starts FIRING at Boyce again. Boyce drops down out of sight, a foot from Chloe. Their e meeting. He pulls the pin on a GRENADE. Then a second one Tosses the first from his perch... then tosses the second They arc lazily on their way down toward Kogan - who SCRE AT THEM. But just before they reach him-- BANG BANG. He fires - hitting them both in mid-air. TWO INSTANTANEOUS EXPLOSIONS, tearing up a portion of his fac and ripping one of his hands off. But it's not enough to kill or stop him. Dazed, he reache for his rifle, which he has to pry from his amputated han
75) 0) text: With Wafner and Kogan still howling, firing-- ...-Boyce pulls Chloe toward the STAIRWELL DOOR. He tosse another GRENADE over his shoulder. It skitters past them A loud BOOM - ineffectual.
78) 0) text: They emerge into the hallway, but - COMING AT THEM from 2 yards away - Mueller and Richt, reaching for their rifles Boyce and Chloe can't turn back - they've got Kogan and Wafner behind them. So we're TRAPPED. Mueller and Richt start FIRING. Boyce g Chloe's hand, leads her into the first reachable DOOR: