3) 1) text: The Mall Manager comes into the surveillance room. It's a small office with monitors that show the different security cameras around the mall. DENNIS, a Mall Security guard with sunglasses who will not utter a word ever, turns around in the chair.
3) 4) text: Dennis shrugs.
12) 1) text: The lights are turned off and the mall is empty.      Ron walks out with Dennis.
12) 10) text: Dennis shrugs.
12) 13) text: Dennis and Ronnie shake hands.    They walk out and lock the doors behind them.
12) 16) text: Dennis doesn't say anything and just walks to his car. Ronnie follows.
12) 19) text: Ronnie leaves Dennis and walks to his car.
20) 1) text: Mark sits at his desk, while Ronnie comforts a crying Brandi. Dennis stands in the corner, not saying a word.
25) 1) text: Dennis and Ronnie are sitting and Mark stands over them. They're looking at the security tapes.
26) 1) text: Ronnie talks to Dennis in the middle of the mall.
26) 13) text: Ronnie takes off, but we STAY WITH Dennis. He walks directly to the ARCADE. Dennis puts a quarter in the machine and plays pinball.
32) 1) text: Ronnie is hanging out with Dennis and the Bouncer from O'Charley's. Behind him, Nell works the counter at Cinnabon.
32) 44) text: Ronnie puts his hand out.     Dennis puts his in as well. Charles isn't sure.
43) 1) text: Ronnie is with Dennis in the food court. Ronnie is smiling, but Dennis isn't saying a word as usual.
43) 13) text: Ronnie keeps on grinning at Dennis.
43) 16) text: Dennis and Ronnie high-five.
43) 19) text: Dennis stares at Ronnie.
43) 29) text: Ronnie continues to talk to Dennis.
67) 23) text: Dennis stares down at the desk. Dennis takes off his hat and reveals that he has bleached white Eminem hair underneath. Next, he reaches under his collar and flips out a thin gold necklace. He kicks up his shoes and reveals the newest and freshest basketball kicks.
67) 24) text: This is the REAL DENNIS and for the first time ever, he speaks...
67) 26) dialog: (high ghetto voice) I've been waiting on you to get on my page this whole time. You                          look at this mall as a Kingdom?! Shit! I look at this place like a motherfucking jail sentence. You put on that uniform every morning, but what are you really protecting? Commerce and corporations and money. Well I say, fuck that! I'm                            a fucking outlaw and I'm going to live that until the day I die. Now, I can show you the way, but you've got to be willing to accept it. So I'm gonna ask you now, Ronnie. Are you ready for a trip to the other side?
67) 30) dialog: Alright then.    Let's party.
68) 1) text: Dennis and Ronnie hang in the back of the mall by the dumpsters. Dennis sucks down a fat joint. He passes it to Ronnie.
68) 3) dialog: So, yeah, usually I take a joint straight to the head before I start work in this motherfucker, but on really stressful days, I like to get drunk too.
68) 4) text: Dennis pulls out a flask and gulps it down. Ronnie is still staring at the joint. Finally he takes a puff and begins violently coughing. He finally stops.
68) 13) text: Dennis hands Ronnie the bottle and he takes a big swig.
69) 1) text: Ronnie and Dennis stand against a wall while they check out booties of various shapes and sizes on all of the girls that walk by.
69) 3) dialog: So then I usually come in here and perv out on girls for about an hour or two. I hooked up twice last week. One was this Asian chick and the other was this mom. She wasn't that hot, but what else do I got to do?
69) 6) dialog: Sweet Jesus in the morning.
70) 1) text: Ronnie and Dennis are hanging in a dressing room.
70) 3) dialog: Dressing rooms are a great place to hide out, because nobody is really going to think of looking for me here. You can nap or just kind of hang out and just really have some personal time. Hey, hand me that camera.
70) 4) text: Ronnie picks up a shitty camera and hands it to Dennis.
70) 6) dialog: Thanks, Ronnie.
70) 7) text: Dennis stands up on the bench and looks into the other changing room. The two high school girls are changing into other clothes. Dennis starts taking pictures of them without them knowing.
71) 1) text: Ronnie is smoking a joint and so is Dennis.
71) 3) dialog: Right before lunch I usually blaze up again real good.
72) 1) text: Dennis and Ronnie walk by the skaters.
72) 3) dialog: Hey, what's up, motherfuckers?!
72) 7) dialog: You know, smokin' that good good.
72) 13) dialog: Hey, Ronnie's alright.   Let me see that stick.
72) 14) text: Stevie slides the skateboard over to Dennis. He jumps on it and does a perfectly executed kick flip. The skaters cheer!
73) 15) text: Dennis grabs Ronnie by the arm.
73) 17) dialog: Come on, brother. Let's go.                       
73) 18) text: Ronnie follows Dennis off.
74) 5) text: Dennis runs behind the counter. Dennis drops the needle on a ROCKIN' SONG. Dennis jumps on top of the counter and starts jumping up and down with the music. He's fucking drunk. Dennis jumps off the counter and tackles Ronnie, knocking over a stand of DVD's.
75) 1) text: Ronnie and Dennis ride on a mini railroad train for kids. They both drink from the flask as they spin around the track. It's full of nothing but kids and security.
76) 2) text: Dennis and Ronnie are kicking back in the love seat and watching. Dennis makes a motion for the Sales Clerk to spin around. She reluctantly does as she is instructed.
77) 1) text: Ronnie and Dennis play video games. A LITTLE KID tries to take the controller from Dennis, but Dennis whips out the handcuffs. He locks the Little Kid onto the display case so the kid can't move.
78) 1) text: Ronnie and Dennis play Skee-Ball, except Ronnie tosses the balls to Dennis who is standing on top of the machine. Dennis slam dunks the balls into the 100 point hole. The tickets pour out.
79) 1) text: Ronnie and Dennis are driving in the golf cart and they're both wearing those GIANT SUNGLASSES that they won with arcade tickets. Behind them, Stevie and the other Skaters hold onto the golf cart and get pulled on their skateboards.
79) 2) text: They race towards a loading ramp. Dennis floors it and they go up the ramp and JUMP the golf cart into the air. The golf cart and Skaters soar into the air. It holds forever, until suddenly, the golf cart lands with a thud.
80) 1) text: The mall is basically empty as Dennis and Ronnie make the final rounds. They get to the doors and lock up for the night.
80) 11) dialog: Don't mention it, homey. I'm just glad I got me a partner in crime.
80) 14) text: Dennis unlocks the doors to the Gap.
80) 16) dialog: You ain't even seen the best part. After everybody leaves, I rob the shit out of this place.
80) 20) dialog: I steal shit!
80) 24) dialog: Hell yeah!   Who'd you think it was?!
80) 25) text: Dennis goes inside the Gap and just starts grabbing shit.
80) 28) text: Dennis holds up a sweat shirt.
80) 30) dialog: This probably will look good with my complexion.
80) 40) dialog: Ronnie, I thought you were down?! What the fuck?! Here I am opening up myself to you and you're just gonna stick it to me like this. What the fuck has this place ever done for you? Don't you know that people see us as jokes?! A                             useless tool that's left in the shed. Well that's not me. Not                          now, not ever. I told you, I'm an                      outlaw.
80) 44) dialog: What the fuck you mean you can't let me?                                               
80) 48) dialog: Alright, Ronnie, you're right.
80) 49) text: Dennis sets the shirts down.
80) 51) dialog: I don't really know what I was thinking. Robbing the mall? Let's just go get that beer.
80) 54) text: Ronnie turns to walk, but Dennis grabs the hand of one of the mannequins and rips it off. He takes the hand and cracks Ronnie over the head with it. Ronnie goes down on his knees.
80) 56) dialog: See ya in Mexico, bitch.                              
80) 57) text: Dennis cocks back and whacks Ronnie again.      Ronnie's lights go out.
81) 1) text: Dennis pulls out of the mall driving a HARLEY DAVIDSON. He flips a joint into the air and peels out. He cruises down the street. He passes a cop car and flips it off.
82) 1) text: The JANITOR walks up the floor with a mop. Ronnie is battered and bloodied from his fight with Dennis, but he is wide awake and handcuffed to THE GAP.
86) 1) text: Ronnie walks into one of those booths where you can talk to a prisoner on the opposite side of a Plexiglas divider. Ronnie sits down in wait. Then, two GUARDS appear escorting a handcuffed Dennis. Dennis takes a seat and picks up the phone.
86) 3) dialog: What's up, Ronnie? How you doing?                   
86) 13) dialog: I'm holding it down in here.                         
86) 17) dialog: I know. I should have hit Mexico,                     but, you know, I got stoned and                       just kind of kicked with this girl                    in Kannapolis for a while.                           
86) 21) dialog: Shit, dog.    Sorry about that.                      
86) 25) dialog: I told you.   I'm an outlaw.                         
86) 29) dialog: Man, you want to know the real                        reason?                                              
86) 33) dialog: Alright, I'll tell you. Man, that                     gig was one of the best jobs I                        ever had. I got to wear a                             uniform, I could smoke weed                           whenever I wanted. For once in my                     life, I felt like I was actually                      somebody. I know most people                          don't think it's shit, but I                          really loved it. Then, all of a                       sudden, I find out that your ass                      got promoted over me.                                
86) 42) dialog: After all I put into it, you're               the one that makes it to Head of              Mall Security. You know what it's             like to get passed over, Ronnie?              So I got pissed off. I started                robbing the joint as a way to get             at them for what they did to me.              But you know what, Ronnie?                   
86) 46) dialog: You ever love a girl so much that             you can't break up with her, so               the only thing you can do when she            pisses you off is smack her in the            goddamn face?                                
86) 50) dialog: Well, I have. And that's pretty               much how I felt about the job.               
86) 54) dialog: Well, it's the least I could do               after knocking you out and all.              
86) 57) dialog: Hey, Ronnie.                                 
86) 61) dialog: Bail me out of here, old friend.             