1) 8) text: (overlapping) Oh, great. She goes into the bathroom, leaving the PHONE RINGING and Dan, happily oblivious. Ellen sires up the situa- tion and goes over to her father. In a familiar gesture, she pulls off one side of the earphones.
2) 0) text: nm : . : DAN (gcimacing) Hello?
7) 0) text: Now Dan is rummaging in the wardrobe, s@arching among the clothes.
9) 0) text: Dan and Beth are giving CHRISTINE, the babysitter, a mildly "new wave" teenager with a red streak in he: hair, instcuctions. Sam pads around axcitedly. Beth looks elegant in a black tailored suit, her hait pinned up with a comb,
9) 8) dialog: Thanks, kiddo.
10) 0) text: A large reception. The restaurant has deen taken over for the evening and cleared of tables so that the guests can mill about. Waitresses in kimonos pass in and out with trays of tasty sushi goodies and glasses of champagne. A publishing house is launching a new book -- A Japanese exercise manual, hence the theme of the occasion. Dan and Beth. looking elegant, work thelr way towards tne stairs. Dan grabs hands, pounds backs, working the room.
10) 10) text: Glad you could make it,. Dan. Sorry about the meeting tomorrow... I know it's Saturday, but we've got a real crisis.
10) 16) dialog: Beth lights up on seeing HILDY. She waves back. Ceimmer seizes the opportunity toa move on.
10) 20) dialog: Fe was making love to his wife.
11) 0) text: Dan enters, passing somecne standing at a urinal.
11) 9) dialog: Yeah? {And?)
12) 0) text: Dan tries to make it to the bar. His coute takes him past the Giri who cold-snouldeced Jimmy. They almost bump into each other. Dan is slightly distracted by what Arthur seemed to hint at.
12) 17) text: Beth has S¢en him and is signaling they ali want to leave. BETE’S POV Dan waves back and indicates he's coming,
14) 0) text: Beth enters the bedroom and sits down in the nearest chair to take hee shoes off. She looks across the bed. She is locking at Dan, sitting and starting to take his shirt off.
15) 0) text: Dan and Sam re-enter. All the lights are cff. Dan sakes of€ his jacket and feels his way inte the hali. Be unbuztons hig shirt ané moves cautiously forward. am ee 28a 23 30 13.
16) 0) text: Dan enters tentatively, and stops in the doorway, looking at the bed. His face drops. Ellen is curled up next to her mother.
17) 0) text: The elevator doors open. Beth, Dan, Ellen and the dog are crammed inside with a small bicycle. They hurry through the lobby.
19) 0) text: Bob Orimmer and a couple of guys from the business af~ fairs department are seated around the conference table with a SECRETARY. Dan comes in with a briefcase. Gen- eral hellos -- everybody seems to know each other. Thece's a ganerai air of emergency. Drimmer is still weacing a neck brace. People are drinking take-out coffee and nashing on bagels.
20) 0) text: It's pissing rain. Dan emerges, wrestling futilely with a portable umbrella. it's a lasing contest as we DOLLY BACK to reveal he has arcived at the curbside next to Alex, who's searching for a taxi. Acruptly, all the rods tear through the flimsy material simultaneausly; Oan sees he's next to her, She's gor an umbtella. She approaches him, smiling.
20) 7) text: dcives towards them. Dan and Alex crane their necks hopefully as the cab turns on its "Off Duty" sign and passes. ‘ ALEX Oh, come ont!
21) 10) dialog: Strangest case I ever handled? Well, the truth is I never actually handled it, but the atrangest case I ever came near was when my parents decided to get Giverced and my mother asked me to represent her.
21) 54) dialog: (smiles) I think... it's gonna be up to you. She smilies. She's enjoying the game.
22) 0) text: A pot of coffee is percolating. Alex and Dan are pressed against the kitchen sink, kissing savagely, He lifts her up onto the counte: as they grope at each other’s clothes, dropping his pants, lifting her skirt. As she leana back, her hands bracing herself in the sink, she accidentally starts the faucet running. She splashes water all over nim with her wet hands. . There is scmething savage about their lovemaking. Finally Dan picks Alex up and, with ner legs still wound around him, makes his way clumsily from kitchen tc bedroom. His pants, which are $tili gathered around his ankles, threaten co trip him up, but he manages to make it to the bed. They fall on it together.
22) 8) text: Wanna go dancing? Be looks at her incredulously, not quite sure whether to laugh.
23) 0) text: The hall is in semi-darkness, a shaft of light coming through from the sitting room, Sam is iying asleep against the Front door. The PHONE starts to RING, The machine cuts in. The TAPE IS WHIARING with Dan's announcement. INT. “CAT CLUB" - NIGHT The place is packed out, the MUSIC cvertpowering. This ain't Regine’s; it's lower East Side, very punk. Seri- ous dancing. The dance floor. The CAMERA TRACKS over the dancers until it LOCATES Dan and Alex. They‘ce expending a ton of energy. Alex looks at him and grins.
24) 1) dialog: are walking through the deserted meat market area. Alex has her hand in Dan's.
25) 0) text: They make their way to the huge, old-fashioned freight elevator. Dan steps into it and leans against the far wall. Alex deftly pulls at the heavy iron gates.
27) 0) text: Quincy is asleep against the front door, awaiting his master’s return, He wakes at the SOUND OF FOOTSTEPS, wagging his tail in anticipation. aA KEY IS INSERTED in the lock, the door opens, and Dan comes in. Quincy jumps up eagerly.
28) 0) text: Dan luxuriates in the streaming jets of cleansing Water. A large inflatable Mickey Mouse doll grins in the h.g., suspended from the ceiling. INT. ROGERSON BOUSE - GREENHOUSE - Day JOAN ROGERSON answers the phone. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Dan {5 pacing. Ee looks clean and fresh after his ablutions, He's on the phone.
30) 57) dialog: Okay... Maybe later an.
31) 0) text: A TAFE of “Madame Butterfly” PLAYS as Dan and Quincy awkwardly examine the apartment. Alex comes by, wearing an apron, looking efficient, on her way from the kitchen. She TURNS UP THE VOLUME of “Butterfly.”
31) 11) text: 64 Dan brings her a glass. He remembers, twirling his giass.
32) 0) text: i 56 "Butterfly* in b.g. Dan and Alex look ah each ather over their glasses.
32) 46) dialog: {lamely} I thought we could have a good time.
34) 0) text: Dan opens a mirrored cabinet above the basin. He is confronted by rows and rows of pills. He finds the bottle he is leoking for and closes the door. coming face to face with his own grim reflection.
35) 0) text: Alex ig in bed. Dan sits beside her, watching as she swallows two of the piils. She lies back, looking very pale. All hee defenses ace down. She is totally vulnerable.
36) 0) text: Alex lies still, ayes closed, as Dan's conversation can be faintly heard. We can’t tell if she’s listening or not. -
37) 0) text: Alex is fast asleep. Dan wanders around the kitchen and the living room, looks in on Alex on the way. Later, he sits on the living room couch, deep in thought.
38) 0) text: Dan ruffles the bedclothes until satisfiec the bed has & suitably slept-in look.
39) 0) text: He opens the refrigerator, takes out a pan of 6paghetti sauce and gives it to Quincy who consumes it with relish. INT. DAN'S OFFICE AND HALL - & A.M. MARTHA, Dan's secretary, crosses the hall and sees Dan's door open. She goes into his office.
40) 0) text: Dan puts the key in the door and enters, somewhat bushed. :
40) 11) dialog: T did. He kisses her tenderly. Ha puts his arm around her and holds her tight. He kisses her again, almost sagging with reli@f.
41) 13) dialog: Come on, I'm a hig boy. tell me. I can take it. Ellen leans to tell him in his ear.
44) 12) text: 88 ag 34. tut. BUILDING LOBBY - DAY Dan enters the building and crosses toward the bank of elevators. Several people, including a stunning SLONDE and a baby in @ stroller, are about to get onto an elevator. Dan runs to catch it.
45) 0) text: Dan is standing naxt to the extremely attractive girl. He looks at her, then studiously ignores her. He looks around, at the floor, and finally at the baby in the stroller. The baby stares back at him, quizzicaliy.
46) 0) text: Dan comes out of the elevator and into the reception are,
47) 0) text: They walk along in silence. Alex is watching him out of the corner of her eye. They pass the open door of an office, inside which we glimpse Jimmy. He sees Dan and pokes his head out the docr.
47) 1) text: sIMMY Bey! Dan! Dan stops and turns. So does Alex.
48) 0) text: Dan and Beth are seated at the secsring table with STLDY and JIMMy. They take turns getting up to bowl in the alley before them, The ladies really Gon't know how to bowl, the men profess to be experts. There is beec and shouting, lots of laughter and lets of warmth. The MOSIC from the previous scene (“MADAME BUTTERSLY“) continues over the SOUNDTRACK,
49) 2) text: We TRACE BACK from Arthur and Dan, past office after office.
51) 0) text: Dan and Arthur are walking towards Dan's office,
52) 0) text: Dan and Alex are walking along Siath Avenue. He ia striding angrily along beside her. His loud voice attracts the attention of passersby.
52) 32) dialog: (You're suce it's mine?) How da you know it's mine? —
55) 0) text: Alex exits her building and leaves for work. CAMERA FARS. after her, coming to rest en Dan, watching from across the street. Satisfied that she's out of the way, he races to the Front door. Looking anxiously around, Dan impulsively presses all the Duzzers. He is hyperventilating. after a moment, people start ANSWERING on the INTERCOM, At least one person buzzes. He's in. Instead of taking the elevator, he races up the stairs. Dan arrives on Alex's floor, looks around and hastily feels For the Hide-avkey, He lets himself into Alex's flat. Int. ALEX'S LOTT - DAY Dan hurries through the apartment, looking around. He doesn't even know what he’s looking For, anything to give him a handle on this person he‘s dealing thy anything to give him some leverage. - In the bathroom, he looks at all her many pills. Some- thing catches his eye in the medicine chest. CLOSEUP: a home pregnancy test. She was telling the truth. At Alex's desk, Dan picks up some papers and looks through them... Be Spins her Rolodex, looking for addresses... A scrap- book catches his eye. He pulls it down, thumbs through it -~- ANGLES of Alex’s family in Chicago. Suddenly he stops: CAMERA ZOOMS IN: A newspaper obituary of Alex's father. He died of a heart attacx when Alex was seven! Dan can't deo anything but gape. Who the hell, ehat the hell is she?
56) 0) text: A clerk is cistributing and coliecting books among the stacks. We discover Dan and Jimmy in a corner.
57) 0) text: Dan is walking along his street, deep in thought. He starts to cross the street, and is stopped in the mid- dle by a CAR BOWRING furiously. He finally crosses and entecs his building, helping a little old lady in.
59) 0) text: feth opens the door to let Alex out, For a moment, Alex looks at Dan standing in the doorway.
60) 0) text: Dan is standing at the window, staring out at the city. Beth comes in to clear the coffee table.
62) 0) text: Dan is crossing the street to get to the phone booth in the neighborhood of his office.
63) 0) text: The Street outside Alex's apartment. Dan ENTERS FRAME in £.g. and looks up at the building. He crosses the street and goes up to the entrance.
64) 0) text: Dan presses the beli. And waits. He presses again. At last Alex's voice comes over the entry phone, ALEx [0.S8.) Hello?
65) 0) text: Dan stands outside Alex's door. The door opens to reveal Alex. Sha looks stunning, at her most seduc- tive. She has transformed herself From the earlier scene -- she knew he‘d come. She stands aside with an ironic little smile to Let him enter. He goes in. The door closes.
66) 0) text: Tight-lLipped, Dan follows her into the main room,
67) 34) dialog: (hoarsely) You do that and I'll kill you! f swear to God! Be releases his grip. Alex falls back, clutching her throat and gasping for breath. He goes out the door, slams it behind him.
68) 0) text: Dan is directing two movers as they start up the stairs with a mattress, while he is helping another man witha table. ’ , DAN (That's) Second door on the left, upstairs. The two movers struggle up with the mactress.
72) 0) text: Dan, too, appears very relaxed, The pressure finally seems to be off. -° DAN . Hi, babe. How's it going? Did the plumber ever come? 145A INTERCUT WITH BETH, ETC.
73) 0) text: Dan passes through at the end of the day, carrying the cage:
74) 0) text: Dan walks up to the garage and the control booth, No sign of the attendant. A small portable TV Plays to an empty chair. He leans across and takes his keys from the rack. He starts to walk to the elevator.
75) 1) text: Alex is watching Dan at a distance, From the balcony of the elevator shaft. After a moment, she walks of. Dan is walking alang. He is momentarily startled by a CAR ALARM GOING OFF. He suddenly slaws down, a look cf horror on his face.
77) 0) text: Dan is on the phone to Beth in a nearby Avis office.
78) 0) text: Dan emerges from the pound in rented car. 157 REVERSE ANGLE - ALEX‘S HONDA Alex is parked nearby. She starts the engine and moves , Gee. - me oe - = _ i me 158 159 166 161 FL.
80) 0) text: Dan is listening intently. Dan's car takes a right turn ahead, just ag the light turns to red. Alex puts on a spurt to keep up with him, almost cunning ovec a startled pedestrian.
81) 0) text: Dan listens, deep in gioomy thought. He is on the freeway going out of the city. Her voice is chilled rage.
83) 0) text: Dan’s car zooms up and past along a tree-lined country road: A few moments later the Honda follows. She's businesslike now, ALEX (¥.0.} I'm asking you to acknowledge your responsibilities. Is that go unreasonable,..¢ I don‘t think so.
84) 0) text: Dan‘s car pulls up beside the house. ALEX (¥.0.) And another thing...
85) 0) text: Dan sits, Listening for a moment, Then, he reaches over and stops the tape, pulling the cassette out and putting it into his jacket pocket, He reaches for the rabbit cage and gets out of the car. Alex's car stops momentarily on the road, at the top of the driveway. As Dan walks tovard’his bouse, Alex's car starts again and cruises slowly past the ecriveway entrance. A shadowy Figure -- Alex -- runs across the vast lawn toward the house.
86) 0) text: Tne CAMERA is looking through the ground ficer window into the Living room. Ellen and Beth are kneeling on the floor in front of a log fire making a giant jig-saw puzzle. Ellen is in her pajamas, ceady for ded. Dan enters with the rabbit. Ellen can’t believe it. $ne is absolutely thrilled. Dan locks cn, feeling the strain but trying not to let it show. We TRACK BACK to reveal Alex in £.9.. watching from the shadows. (CONTINUES)
87) 0) text: Dan walks into the local station house.
88) 0) text: Dan sits in a corner of the squad room, across from the LIEUTENANT, a shrewd looking man in his forties. Stares at Dan with dark, piercing eyes.
90) 0) text: Dan, Beth, Ellen and Quincy all pile into Beth's car, in a hurry. The car moves up the driveway and turns into the road.
91) 0) text: Howard and Dan are sitting in a cozy alcove in a large toom, having a leispreiy drink and chatting. They are also watching Beth and Ellen rehearsing fot the Thanks- giving show at school. Joan is serving tea.
100) 0) text: Dan stands staring out of the door into the backyard. It has begun to rain, He looks at the empty rabbit hutch, listens for weeping upstairs. All is quiet. Beth comes downstairs.
101) 0) text: Dan packs a small suitcase. Woodenly, he closes it and, carrying it, walks out of the room and dowr the hall, CAMERA FOLLOWING To: INT. ELLIN‘'S ROOM ~ KIGET The lights are out and Elien is asleep. Dan stands in the doorway, helplessly. nis eyes streaming tears. After a moment, he closes the door and walks down the hall.
102) 0) text: Beth sits in semi-darkness on the sofa. Dan dials.
105) 15) dialog: Will you tell her I said "Hello"?
107) 0) text: Dan sits on the bec, working, staring at an inane sit- com on TY.
137) 0) text: Dan is running along the corzvidor, looking at the names on the doors. He comes cound a corner, catching up with a nurse,
138) 0) text: Beth is lying in the bed, sedated. There is heavy bruising around her gyes, but she's all in one piece. Boward is sitting hy the ded. ‘The dear opens slowly. Dan enters. He approaches the bed cautiously. Howard gives him a cold, hard look.
139) 0) text: it’s raining heavily. We see Dan through the car wind- shield, the wipers crossing back and forth across nis face with insistent urgency. There ig a lock of stesl in nis eyes. 244 265 246 2464 247 1215.
140) 0) text: Dan lurks in the shadows outside Ehe entrance, as a YOUNG COUFLE comes out of the building. Se slips in- side before the door can close, INT. ALEX’S APARTMENT BUILDING - CORRIDOR - NIGHT Oan stands at the door to Alex's apartment. &e rings the bell. After a moment, Alex apens the door a crack, to the extent of a shart chain. Seeing it's him. she quickly tries to close it. He slams his shoulder against the door with all his force, with the strength ef all his pent-up rage. In b.g. she’s listening to “Madame Butterfly.”
143) 0) text: Dan is raking and burning leaves. Ellen, Playing with Quincy, helps raking. Beth is standing nearby, even helping a little. There is an air of serenity ahout her; she seems reconciled to Dan, now that the Qight- mare is finally over. In the distant b.g., a pelice cruiser turns into tne driveway and siowly maxes its way up to the front of the hcuse.
145) 21) text: In SLOW MOTION, Dan crosses the room, leaving the knife on the kitchen table. Alex appears in b.g. in the kitchen doorway.
147) 0) text: Beth and Dan are walking out to the driveway. She doesn't understand what's going on. Dan puts on a reassuring act for her benefit. The three men are Standing near the cars.
147) 28) dialog: Beth pushes open the trap door and enters. She goes over ‘to Dan‘s desk, looking for his address book. Can't find it. She searches the small drawers on top of his desk. She pushes his papers around, moves the tape player and the typewriter... Desperately. Seth slumps into the desk chair. She pulis the large desk drawer open -- and finds the address book lying on top. She starts looking up Arthur’s number. Finally finds it. She ignores the tape cassette which is tucked in the front. of the book. She pulis the phone over, dials, and waits, Herc hand absentmindedly plays with the tape cassette which was in the book.
147) 29) text: Come on, Arthur... Came on, Arthur... Oh God... Pick up the goddam phone! She look at the cassette in her hand, and sees that it teads “PLAY ME.” She reacts and slips it into the tape deck, Pushing PLAY. For a moment, nothing is heard. Beth realizes the problem and yanks out the earphone extension cord. Instantly Alex's voice, very slurred, comes out of the Speakecs as we CLOSE IN TIGHTER on Seth, realizing. Alex, more or less where we left off; Alex's mercurial mood on the tape has shifted again; possibly we hear a fragment of the iast previously heard sentence. ALEX {¥.0.} You're my Last chance, Dan... If you don’t come through for me, 1 don’t know what I*il do, but it will be something terrible. f : can’t Live without you, Dan. When you push me away you give me no other choice. I'll cut deeper next time. I'li kill myself:... Beth reacts, rewinds the tape.