10) 23) dialog: You should see his wife -- they had to take her away on a Stratcher! Laughter. The two women compliment each other on their Tespective outfits. Jimmy and dan gravitate cowards each other. Jimmy works in the same law Firm. He caises his glass, only to have his arm jogged by a MAN elbowing past. Champagne goes all over his shirt front.
10) 24) dialog: Thank you! The Man half~+turned, with a shrug.
10) 26) dialog: Fuck!... What great cultural event are we here to celebrate, anyway?
10) 33) text: t that moment, an extremely attractive blonde GIRL passes by, heavily ogled by Jimmy.
10) 34) dialog: Hi, there... She turns and gives him a look to make hell freeze ever. She holds the look a fraction longer. then turns and moves on.
10) 35) dialog: (continuing) Shi-it. If looks could kill.
12) 0) text: Dan tries to make it to the bar. His coute takes him past the Giri who cold-snouldeced Jimmy. They almost bump into each other. Dan is slightly distracted by what Arthur seemed to hint at.
47) 0) text: They walk along in silence. Alex is watching him out of the corner of her eye. They pass the open door of an office, inside which we glimpse Jimmy. He sees Dan and pokes his head out the docr.
47) 2) dialog: (continuing) Will you be in your office later? Thece's something = need te go over with you.
48) 0) text: Dan and Beth are seated at the secsring table with STLDY and JIMMy. They take turns getting up to bowl in the alley before them, The ladies really Gon't know how to bowl, the men profess to be experts. There is beec and shouting, lots of laughter and lets of warmth. The MOSIC from the previous scene (“MADAME BUTTERSLY“) continues over the SOUNDTRACK,
51) 27) dialog: (AD LIBS re® insurance, cold sores. etc.} Ladies and gentlemen, my wife (my ball and chain), (methec of some of my children... (CONTINUED; 108
51) 31) dialog: A toast! Here's to Miller, Goodman, Burst... and Gallagher!!
51) 44) dialog: i knew it. Well, at least you're running true to form...
51) 51) dialog: Oh, ne, don't worry -- it's probably cne cf Dan's girl friends. Laughter.
56) 0) text: A clerk is cistributing and coliecting books among the stacks. We discover Dan and Jimmy in a corner.
56) 4) dialog: Oh, Jesus! Look, what de you | think would happen if you just came out and told Beth?
56) 8) dialog: In New York State, the law wilt take a woman's word for paternity until the child is born and paternity can be tested. Until the baby comes to term, the putative father (you, pal, you the father) is responsible for a1 medical and maintenance costs. In other words, the law suppeses you guilty until prover innocent. (CONTINUED)
56) 12) dialog: Gorry- Hey, come on... look, once she realizes you don't want anything to do with her, she’il decide not to go through with it. She‘s probably hoping you'll leave your wife.
56) 14) dialog: She sounds a littie crazy. at him, his face haggard with pain and anz-
56) 16) dialog: Listen. Dan, can I aak you something? i'¢@ ceally like to understand. I know you. You don't fuck around. [Haw come?) why'd you do it?