29) 1) text: Two men, BILL COX, a large man in his forties, and SCOOTE HODGES, a really country-looking guy in his thirties, loo from behind the counter as Woolridge and Karl enter. Woolridge goes to the counter, Karl stands by the door looking at the floor.
29) 3) dialog: Hey Jerry, how it's goin'. Good to see you. Been a long time.
29) 7) dialog: Aw, pretty good. Kids are drivin' me crazy and Phyliss is gonna put me in the poorhouse. Can't complain other than that. Wouldn't do any good if I did.  (laughs) Do you know Scooter, Jerry?
29) 11) dialog: I remember it real well. Cut them folks to pieces. His mama one of 'em.
29) 17) dialog: Don't look much like he could. You say he can fix a small engine like nobody's bidness.
29) 21) dialog: Well, I ain't scared of him workin' here. You know me. I'm a church goin' man. Forgivin' man. When your time's up the Lord's gonna come git you. You seared of him, Scooter?
29) 27) dialog: That old man of his still livin' over there on Clark Street I believe.
29) 31) dialog: Fine with me. If he steals anything, I'll take it out of your pocket anyway.
29) 32) text: Bill slaps Woolridge on the shoulders and wheezes with laughter.
29) 36) dialog: Well, I've got a roomful of work for him to do. Can't get Scooter to do any of it.
29) 40) dialog: Good to know you, Karl.
29) 44) dialog: Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there.
29) 48) text: Woolridge exits. Bill and Scooter just stare at Karl and stares at the floor.
29) 50) dialog: They say you're a whiz on fixin' lawn mowers and things.
29) 54) dialog: We order from Dairy Queen at noontime usually. We can buy your lunch till you get on your feet a little.
29) 58) dialog: (long pause) Yeah, me too.
30) 1) text: The place is cluttered with mowers, edgers, weed-eaters, other equipment, most of it in pieces. A small cot is in little clearing in the corner by the bathroom. Karl is sweeping up oil with sawdust and a push broom while Scoot puts some tools away. Bill comes to the door.
30) 3) dialog: All right then, I'll see y'all later. Karl you done a good day's work. They right about you. Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful. I'll see you tomorrow.
30) 7) dialog: Karl, they's a blanket up in under that cot and soap in the bathroom to clean up with.  (pause) Now there's one more thing. The way we lock these doors at night, you can't get out. You didn't want to go anywhere, did you?
30) 11) dialog: If it works out and all, maybe we'll get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to. See you later.
31) 1) text: It's lunch time and Bill, Scooter, and Karl are sitting i folding chairs behind the counter eating from their Dairy Queen to-go bags. Karl has french fries.
31) 3) dialog: Scooter, did I tell about the two old boys pissin' off the bridge?
31) 7) dialog: There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, "Boy this water's cold." Old boy from Arkansas says "Yeah, and it's deep too."  (starts wheezing) Get it? That's a goodun.
31) 11) dialog: Well, yeah it's a classic. You know, Karl, I got to thinkin' about it last night and it's just not Christian of me to not let you have a key. I mean you been in lockup so long, you don't need me keepin' you locked up. You need to come and go as you please. Here, take this key, it'll get you in and out that back door.  (Karl takes the key and keeps eating french fries) Them french fries good?
31) 15) dialog: You got any money?
31) 19) dialog: Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.
31) 23) dialog: I'll let you off while it's still daylight.
35) 1) text: Karl is tying the strap around his books. His sack of toiletries is on the bed. Bill Cox comes in.
35) 3) dialog: Now, Karl, you sure you want to go stay with these folks? You're welcome to keep on stayin here. It's workin' out real good.
35) 7) dialog: All right then. I'll see you bright and early. How you comin' along on that garden tiller?
35) 11) dialog: You done fixed it? I'll be damned. Scooter told me it couldn't be fixed. 'Course Scooter's about as shitless as one poor son-of-a-bitch can be. You done fixed it. I'll just be damned. See you tomorrow.
50) 1) text: Bill Cox is standing beside a garden tiller with an old m Bill is trying to crank it up, but it won't start. A car pulls into the parking lot and Gerry Woolridge gets out o and comes over to Bill.
50) 3) dialog: How 'bout you, Jerry.
50) 7) dialog: Doin' pretty good. Got a sick tiller here. What's got you down this way?
50) 11) dialog: Well, he's pretty quiet. Except for them rackets and breathin' things he does. Ain't threatened me with a killin' or anything.  (laughs) But boy you couldn't of been more right about him fixin' things. That son of a bitch is a regular Eli Whitney on a lawnmower. Loves french fries. Eats four larges and don't even so much as belch. I'm proud to have him.
50) 15) dialog: He's gone to stayin' over with that Wheatley boy and his mama in their garage. I think that little boy adopted him damn near like a mascot. But he's got a key here to come and go as he pleases. Everything's worked out good.
50) 19) dialog: Sure.
50) 20) text: Bill looks over at Scooter, who is putting up a sale sign new mowers in the front window.
50) 22) dialog: Scooter! Run get Karl for me.
51) 1) text: Woolridge and Karl lean on the hood of Woolridge's car. I the background, Bill and the old man tinker with the till
51) 20) text: They walk over to Bill.
51) 22) dialog: Karl, see if you can figure out what's wrong with this thing. It won't crank up and ever'thing seems to be put together right.
51) 27) dialog: Okay, stop back by. Don't worry about your boy here, he's doin' good.
51) 32) dialog: See there. Thinks of the simplest thing first.
54) 1) text: Karl is on the floor working on a mower with Scooter, the are ad libbing semi-technical lawnmower things. Bill Cox appears in the door.
54) 3) dialog: Hey Karl, they's somebody out here to see you. Some gal holding a nice bouquet.  (Karl doesn't move) Come on now, she wants to talk to you. Don't just set there.
54) 11) dialog: Scooter, let's me and you go over to Dairy Queen and pick up a few things for lunchtime.
54) 15) dialog: Goddamnit, Scooter, come on. Pardon my language, ma'am.
54) 16) text: They start to leave. At the door, Bill Cox turns and wink Karl. They exit leaving Karl and Melinda staring at the counter. They are silent for a while.
59) 1) text: Karl is cleaning some parts in a bucket of gasoline. Bill comes to the door.
59) 3) dialog: Hey there Karl, can you come unload a generator for me?
60) 3) dialog: Karl, lift this thing down and carry it to the back. It's on the blink.  (to man as Karl unloads it) We'll have it for you in a day or two, Walter.
60) 7) dialog: Oh no, that dang Karl can lift a bulldozier. Fix anything, too.  (confidentially) He's mentally retarded, but he's a whiz on small engines. Lord works in mysterious ways.
60) 8) text: Karl carries the generator toward the shop. He turns and watches the man and boy talking and laughing with Bill. T man playfully puts an arm around his son's neck and tousl his hair.