1) 1) text: A few patients sit around fumbling with themselves. One m sits at a table scratching back and forth on a piece of p with a crayon. Another stands in a corner smoking a cigar and staring at the crayon guy. This is CHARLES. Another m KARL, sits in a chair staring at the floor and rubbing hi hands together. We cut back and forth between Charles sta and Crayon Man scratching. After a moment, an attendant approaches Charles.
1) 4) text: Charles stares at him blankly for a moment and continues smoking. He looks back to Crayon Man again for a moment t looks over at Karl and then goes and sits down beside him
4) 1) text: CLOSE UP on Karl's face. Charles has started another monologue.
11) 1) text: Melvin and Karl walk down the hallway. Woolridge stands outside the door of the classroom. They reach him and Woolridge talks quietly to Karl.
12) 19) text: Woolridge turns on a lamp on a desk and turns off the overhead lights. He opens the door and Melvin brings Karl In the semidarkness Woolridge pushes a chair up and motio for Marsha to sit. Karl stands beside Melvin motionless. Woolridge whispers to Theresa.
12) 25) text: Karl sits down in a folding chair near a lamp as Melvin ushers Theresa outside into the hallway. Karl sits starin the floor. Rubbing his palms together and breathing strangely, as usual. He sits silent for what seems like forever.
14) 1) text: Marsha is staring at Karl. Karl, still breathing and rubb his palms, starts to speak. His voice is low and raspy, b not just low and raspy; strange.
14) 3) dialog: Well, I reckon what you're a wanting to know is what I'm doing in here. I reckon the reason I'm in here is 'cause I killed somebody. But I reckon what you was a wanting to know is how come me to kill somebody. Well, I reckon I'll start at the front and tell you.  (pause, heavy breathing) I lived most of my life out behind my mother and father's house in a little old shed and my daddy'd built for me. They didn't too much want me up there in the house with the rest of 'em. I mostly just set around out there in the shed all the time a lookin' at the ground. It didn't have no floor but I had me a hole dug out to lay down in and a quilt or tow that I put down there.  (pause, more breathing) My daddy was a hard workin' man most of his life, not that I can say the same fer myself. I most just set around the shed and tinkered around with a lawn mower or two and went to school off and on from time to time but the children there made quite a bit of sport of me, made fun of me quite a bit. Some of 'em roughed me up sometimes so mostly I stayed out back there in the shed. My daddy worked down at the sawmill there, down there at the planer mill for an old man named Dixon. Old man Dixon was a very cruel feller, he didn't treat his employees very well, didn't pay 'em much of a wage, didn't pay my daddy much of a wage, just barely enough to get by on. But I reckon he got by all right, they come out one or the other of 'em, usually my mother, and fed me pretty regular. At least I know he made enough for me to have mustard and biscuits three or four times a week. Old man Dixon had a boy named Jesse Dixon. Jesse was really more cruel than his daddy. He made quite a bit of sport of me and takened advantage of the little girls around the neighborhood quite a bit.  (pause) He used to say my mother was a very pretty woman. He said it quite a bit from time to time, when I was at the school house. Well, I reckon you want me to get on and tell you what happened so I reckon I'll tell you. I was settin' out in the shed one evenin' not doin' too much, just kindly starin' at the wall and a waitin' fer my mother to come out and give me my Bible lesson and I heared a commotion up in the house there so I got up and run up on the screened-in porch there to see what was a goin' on, and I looked in the kitchen window and I seen my mother a layin' there on the floor without any clothes on.  (pause, breathing) And seen Jesse Dixon a layin' on top of her having his way with her.  (pause) Well, I just seen red. I picked up a kaiser blade that was a layin' there by the screen door, some folks calls it a sling blade, I call it a kaiser blade. It's just a long handle like a axe handle with a long blade on it that's shaped kind of like a banana. Sharp on one edge and dull on the other. It's what the highway boys use to cut down weeds and whatnot. I went in the kitchen there and I hit Jesse Dixon up side the head with it and knocked him off my mother. I reckon that didn't quite satisfy me so I hit him again in the neck with the sharp edge and just plumb near cut his head off. Killed him. Well, my mother, she jumped up from there and started yellin', "What did you kill Jesse fer? What did you kill Jesse fer?" (pause, intense breathing) Well, come to find out my mother didn't really mind what Jesse was a doin' to her. I reckon that made me madder than what Jesse had made me. I takened the kaiser blade, some folks calls it a sling blade, I call it a kaiser blade and hit my mother up side the head with it an' killed her. (long pause, breathing) Some folks has asked me if I had it to do over again would I do the same thing. I don't know, I reckon I would. Anyhow, they seen fit to put me in here and here I've been for a great long while. I've learned to read some; took me four years to read the Bible. I reckon I understand a good deal of it. It wasn't what I expected in a lot of places. I've slept in a good bed for a great long while. They've seen fit to put me out now. They tell me they're a settin' me free today. Anyhow, I reckon that's all you need to know. If you want any more details I reckon I can tell 'em to you. I don't know if that's enough for your newspaper or not.
14) 7) text: This seems to startle the very room itself. Woolridge mot for Marsha to shut up and Karl stops still. Very still. H breathes hard for a moment then starts to calm down. He s almost at ease. He slowly looks up. From Karl's point of we barely see Marsha's face in the dim light. Karl is loo straight at Marsha.
14) 9) dialog: (slowly) I don't reckon I got no reason to kill nobody.
15) 1) text: Woolridge stands just outside the classroom door with Mar and Theresa. Karl stands down the way a few feet with Mel
15) 20) dialog: (looking down) Thank you.
15) 23) text: Karl doesn't take her hand.
15) 24) text: Karl continues to stare at the floor until the women exit
15) 26) dialog: I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to looking at pretty people.
15) 30) dialog: I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to them lookin' at me, too.
15) 34) dialog: I ain't got nothing but them books.
15) 38) dialog: All right then.
15) 39) text: Karl walks slowly down the hallway.
16) 1) text: Karl steps off the bus carrying a few books by a strap. H stands there for moment staring at the bus station as the people around stare at him, then he starts walking.
16) 4) text: Karl standing in front of a barbershop looking through th window at a man having his hair cut.
17) 1) text: Karl stands and stares at the building for a moment. He s a woman take a tray of food from the window. When she's gone, he walks up to the window. A pimply-face TEENAGE BOY comes to wait on him. 
17) 5) dialog: I was kindly wantin' somethin' or 'nother d'eat.
17) 9) dialog: You have any biscuits for sale?
17) 12) text: Karl stands in silence for a moment.
17) 16) dialog: What you got that's good to eat?
17) 20) dialog: What do you like to eat here?
17) 24) dialog: French-fried potaters.
17) 28) dialog: How much you want fer 'em? I'll get some of them I reckon.
17) 32) dialog: Give me the big'uns.
17) 33) text: Karl digs in his pocket for money.
18) 1) text: Karl sits on a bench eating french fries. After a moment, twelve- or thirteen-year-old BOY comes out of the laundro wrestling three or four big bags of laundry. He can't see get a plan together for carrying them all. Karl gets up a goes over to him. The boy looks up at Karl, a little star by Karl's strange figure looming over him.
18) 5) dialog: What you got in there, warshing?
18) 9) dialog: Ain't you got no mama and daddy to tend to it?
18) 13) dialog: How fer you going with them sacks full of warsh?
18) 17) dialog: I'll help you tote 'em if I don't give out first.
18) 20) text: Karl picks up two sacks and they walk away.
19) 5) dialog: Karl's my name.
19) 9) dialog: Childers.
19) 13) dialog: Different ones. One's the Bible. One of 'ems a book on Christmas. One of 'ems how to be a carpenter.
19) 17) dialog: Ain't got nowhere to set 'em down.
19) 21) dialog: I did live there in the state hospital.
19) 25) dialog: I killed some folks quite awhile back. They said I wadn't right in the head and they put me in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin' me in jail.
19) 29) dialog: Yeah.
19) 33) dialog: They told me I was well. They had to turn me loose.
19) 37) dialog: I reckon I feel all right.
19) 43) text: Karl sets the bags down and he and the boy stare at each other in silence for a moment.
19) 47) dialog: I never was much count at it. I never did get picked out fer it.
19) 50) text: He goes inside leaving Karl staring at the front door.
20) 1) text: Karl stands at the counter. A middle-aged man is selling tickets.
20) 3) dialog: How does a feller go about gettin' up to the state hospital?
20) 7) dialog: All right then.
21) 1) text: Karl walks down the hallway carrying his books. A couple staffers give him 'Why are you still here' looks. He reac a door and goes in.
22) 1) text: There is no one at the desk in the outer office, so Karl into Woolridge's office.
23) 1) text: Karl finds Woolridge doing paper work. Woolridge looks up startled.
23) 5) dialog: I want to come back and stay here.
23) 9) dialog: I reckon I don't care nothin' about bein' a free man. I don't know how to go about it.
23) 13) dialog: Naw.
23) 17) dialog: Naw. Never did know too much of nobody. Not to he'p me out anyway.
23) 21) dialog: I'm pretty handy I reckon on lawn mowers and whatnot.
23) 25) dialog: I reckon.
23) 29) dialog: I never was no good with history.
23) 33) dialog: I reckon I can just walk around till the mornin'. Or set and read me a book somewhere.
24) 1) text: Woolridge, his WIFE, his teenage SON, BUBBA, and teenage DAUGHTER sit in various comfortable chairs looking extrem uncomfortable and staring at Karl, who is sitting on the of a chair looking at the floor. After a long creepy mome Mom speaks.
24) 5) dialog: No thank ye.
24) 9) dialog: I don't reckon I know nobody name Jerry.
24) 13) dialog: He's a-carryin' me to look fer work in Millsburg where I was borned.
24) 17) dialog: Coffee makes me a might nervous when I drink it.
25) 4) text: Karl stands in the middle of the room holding his books. Woolridge closes the door.
27) 5) dialog: Yes sir.
27) 6) text: Woolridge opens the bedroom door and sees Karl sitting on edge of the bed beside his books. The light is on, the be still as it was the night before.
27) 10) dialog: Yes sir.
28) 1) text: Woolridge's car pulls into the parking lot. He and Karl g out and walk toward the shop.
29) 1) text: Two men, BILL COX, a large man in his forties, and SCOOTE HODGES, a really country-looking guy in his thirties, loo from behind the counter as Woolridge and Karl enter. Woolridge goes to the counter, Karl stands by the door looking at the floor.
29) 42) dialog: Thank ye.
29) 45) text: Karl doesn't say anything.
29) 48) text: Woolridge exits. Bill and Scooter just stare at Karl and stares at the floor.
29) 52) dialog: I've tinkered around on 'em a little bit.
29) 56) dialog: I like them french-fried potaters.
30) 1) text: The place is cluttered with mowers, edgers, weed-eaters, other equipment, most of it in pieces. A small cot is in little clearing in the corner by the bathroom. Karl is sweeping up oil with sawdust and a push broom while Scoot puts some tools away. Bill comes to the door.
30) 9) dialog: I don't reckon.
30) 12) text: They leave Karl standing in the midst of the lawn mowers. sets the broom down and goes and sits on the cot. After a moment, he gets back up and starts sweeping again.
31) 1) text: It's lunch time and Bill, Scooter, and Karl are sitting i folding chairs behind the counter eating from their Dairy Queen to-go bags. Karl has french fries.
31) 13) dialog: Yeah, they's good all right.
31) 17) dialog: They give me fifty dollars when they turned me loose. I spent up some of it on ridin' the bus and eatin' french-fried potaters.
31) 21) dialog: All right then.
32) 1) text: Karl is walking down a residential street. He stops in fr of the house where the boy, Frank, lives and stares at th house for a moment, then he walks up to the door and star at it. A curtain moves and the boy's face appears at the window. He comes and opens the door.
32) 5) dialog: Yeah it is. Your name's Frank.
32) 9) dialog: You told me to come by.
32) 13) dialog: I ain't no good at it. I just come by.
32) 17) dialog: All right then.
32) 22) dialog: I don't want to worry your mama with company.
32) 26) dialog: I was kindly needin' to do some tradin'. Reckon they sell toothpaste?
33) 1) text: Frank and Karl make their way through the fairly crowded store. It's sort of a mini-version of a Walmart. They fin Frank's mother in her red smock talking to a guy in a red Ben's knit shirt. They are laughing together and pricing mouthwash. LINDA WHEATLEY is a short, plain woman in her thirties. The man, VAUGHAN CUNNINGHAM, is in his forties, with a neat flattop hair cut, glasses, and a paunch hangi over his belt. They eye Karl suspiciously, as the boys approach.
33) 23) dialog: (keeping his distance) Pleased to know y'all.
33) 27) text: She shuffles him away and leaves Vaughan staring at Karl.
33) 31) dialog: Naw, I don't believe you have. I don't reckon I never been in here. This store didn't used to be here.
33) 35) dialog: I's horned and raised here up till I's twelve year old.
33) 39) dialog: What's that you say?
33) 43) dialog: They turned me loose from the state hospital.
33) 47) dialog: I reckon Mr. Woolridge got me hired on to work for Bill Cox's outfit.
33) 51) dialog: Not really to speak of.
34) 1) text: Karl and Frank sit on stumps in a little clearing enjoyin the spoils of their Ben's Dollar Store visit.
34) 5) dialog: Naw. Didn't have too much. Enough to scrape by on, I reckon.
34) 9) dialog: My mother's dead. My daddy's s'posed to be around still. He don't want to have nothin' to do with me though.
34) 13) dialog: He never did want to. I figure he ain't changed his mind much.
34) 17) dialog: (long pause) You don't need to know all of that. You're just a boy. You need to think about good thoughts while you're still a boy. They'll be plenty of time for the other.
34) 21) dialog: How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her?
34) 28) dialog: Yeah, I remember you a-tellin' me that.
34) 32) dialog: Why did he do that, reckon.
34) 36) dialog: Yeah, I did.
34) 40) dialog: Two people.
34) 44) dialog: I thought they was.
34) 48) dialog: I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
34) 51) text: Karl shifts around and makes a noise in his throat and doesn't answer.
35) 1) text: Karl is tying the strap around his books. His sack of toiletries is on the bed. Bill Cox comes in.
35) 5) dialog: That boy wants me to.
35) 9) dialog: I fixed it. Hit's a workin' pretty good.
37) 1) text: Karl is standing on the porch with his bag and his books staring at the door. After a moment, we hear a car door s and footsteps on the porch. Then we hear Vaughan's voice.
37) 4) text: Karl turns to face Vaughan.
37) 6) dialog: Yes sir.
37) 10) dialog: That boy wants me to.
37) 14) dialog: Naw, I ain't.
37) 18) dialog: Quite a spell, I reckon.
37) 22) dialog: I done et just a little bit ago.
37) 26) dialog: I reckon I can stand to eat a little somethin' or 'nother at noontime tomorrow. Bill Cox generally gets me a box of french fried potaters. But I reckon he can lay off doin' it tomorrow.
38) 1) text: Vaughan ushers Karl in and they stand behind the sofa. Do looks up and grins.
38) 5) dialog: Tolerable, I reckon.
38) 34) text: Karl sits on the couch.
38) 39) text: Frank leans on the sofa arm beside Karl.
38) 43) dialog: This and that. Toothpaste and whatnot.
38) 47) dialog: Different ones. The Bible's one of 'em.
38) 51) dialog: A good deal of it, I reckon. Can't understand all of it.
38) 59) dialog: I ain't never used no hatchet that I remember.
39) 1) text: Karl sits on an old sofa and Frank sits on an upside down paint bucket, still upset.
39) 5) dialog: You ort not to talk that way. You're just a boy.
39) 9) dialog: He ort not to talk that away to you neither. He ain't no count. He's mean to you and your mama.  (pause) Yore mama and that feller that's carryin' me to get somethin' d'eat's gonna be back here directly.
39) 13) dialog: I reckon if you want me to.  (pause) I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
39) 17) dialog: I reckon it tastes pretty good to me.
39) 21) dialog: I like the way you talk.
39) 22) text: Karl starts to put together a cracker and potted meat del as we:
40) 1) text: Vaughan is carrying a tray of food as Karl follows him to table and they sit and immediately start to eat. After a bites, Vaughan starts to speak in an official manner.
40) 5) dialog: I reckon not.
40) 9) dialog: Not funny, ha, ha, funny queer.
40) 13) dialog: I've heard it said that way.
40) 17) dialog: I wouldn't never hurt them.
40) 20) text: Karl looks up and stares for a moment.
40) 22) dialog: I was thinkin' I could use me another helpin' of these potaters.
40) 26) dialog: Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
42) 1) text: Karl sits on his cot eating from the plate Frank brought Frank and Linda come through the door. Frank comes and si beside Karl. Linda gets a guitar case down from a shelf a comes over and stands in front of Karl.
43) 8) text: Karl claps his hands a little.
43) 12) dialog: Childers.
43) 23) dialog: I reckon.
44) 1) text: Doyle is driving, Vaughan in the middle, and Karl by the window. Doyle cranks up the truck and pops in a cassette tape. The first few notes of "Ghost Riders in the Sky" pl
47) 1) text: Doyle slouches in his chair drinking whiskey from the bot Terence and Morris are sitting facing Karl and Vaughan wh are on the sofa. Randy and The Johnson are sitting across room in straight-backed chairs drinking beer. They really stocked up at the county line and beer and liquor bottles strewn everywhere. Morris is in the middle of a monologue which has obviously been going on for awhile.
47) 71) text: They all file out the door except Vaughan and Karl who si frozen on the sofa.
47) 78) text: He slams the door and turns to see Vaughan and Karl on th sofa and Linda and Frank, in their nightclothes, standing the doorway.
47) 89) text: Linda walks up to him with Frank close behind. Vaughan ge up also. Karl stares at the floor rubbing his hands toget
47) 133) dialog: No, ma'am. Coffee kindly makes me nervous when I drink it.
49) 1) text: Linda goes into the kitchen and pours a cup of coffee and sits at the table. After a moment, she looks up and is startled to see Karl in the doorway.
49) 5) dialog: I didn't aim to.
49) 9) dialog: No ma'am.
49) 10) text: Karl just keeps standing there and Linda keeps staring.
49) 12) dialog: Two fellers was on a bridge a takin' a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of 'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
49) 17) dialog: Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
49) 21) dialog: Just whenever you take a notion to. I don't aim to put you out.
49) 25) dialog: Yes ma'am.
49) 29) dialog: Mustard's good on 'em to me.
49) 32) text: Karl sets at the table and Linda starts to make the biscu
49) 34) dialog: Thank ye.
49) 38) dialog: I wouldn't mind a havin' supper.
49) 42) dialog: I like Frank. He's a good boy. Me and him's made friends.
49) 45) dialog: Hit ain't right for me to keep from tellin' you how come me to be put in the state hospital.
49) 49) dialog: I killed my mother and a old boy name Jesse Dixon. I thought they was a-doin' wrong. I was about your boy's age. They say I'm well now from it.
49) 50) text: Linda stops working and turns to Karl, a little shocked, not as much as you would think.
49) 54) dialog: Yes ma'am.  (pause) I like your garage.  (pause) I wouldn't never hurt you or your boy. I'd lay my hand on the Bible and say the same thing.
51) 1) text: Woolridge and Karl lean on the hood of Woolridge's car. I the background, Bill and the old man tinker with the till
51) 5) dialog: Yes sir.
51) 9) dialog: My history.
51) 13) dialog: I told 'em about it. They know I'm well. That Mizz Wheatley made me some biscuits.
51) 17) dialog: That boy, he's my friend. He likes the way I talk and I like the way he talks.
51) 23) text: Karl squats beside the tiller.
51) 28) text: Karl looks up from the tiller holding the gas cap.
51) 30) dialog: Hit ain't got no gas in it.
52) 1) text: Vaughan, ALBERT the "friend," Linda, Frank, Karl, and MELINDA, the Dollar-Store girl, are seated at the table. and Frank are going at the delicacies while Melinda shyly picks at hers and the others are engaged in idle chit cha This goes on for a few moments, then Albert's attention t to Karl.
52) 5) dialog: I reckon.
52) 9) dialog: I ain't read 'em yet except two or three of 'em. I can't understand a lot of what I try to read. My mind, hit wonders off to somethin' else when I try to read.
52) 22) dialog: Yes ma'am, I reckon.
52) 32) dialog: I like walkin' quite a bit from time to time.
52) 68) dialog: All right then.
53) 1) text: Karl and Melinda are walking in the moonlight. It seems a little hard for Melinda to keep up.
53) 5) dialog: I reckon.
53) 10) dialog: I ain't really thought about it too much I don't reckon.
54) 1) text: Karl is on the floor working on a mower with Scooter, the are ad libbing semi-technical lawnmower things. Bill Cox appears in the door.
54) 4) text: Karl gets up and goes to the counter followed by Scooter. Melinda stands on the other side of the counter holding a cellophane wrapped store-bought flower assortment. Nobody says anything for a moment.
54) 9) dialog: Thank ye.
54) 16) text: They start to leave. At the door, Bill Cox turns and wink Karl. They exit leaving Karl and Melinda staring at the counter. They are silent for a while.
54) 19) text: She walks to the door and stops as if she expects Karl to something.
54) 21) dialog: A blister shore can hurt.
54) 25) dialog: Flowers is pretty. I've always thought that.
54) 28) text: She leaves and Karl goes to the window holding the flower and watches her walk away.
55) 1) text: Holding the flowers, Karl is walking down the sidewalk to the Wheatley house when he sees Frank coming out the fron door with a book and a flashlight. He sees Karl.
55) 5) dialog: Yeah.
55) 9) dialog: That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.
55) 13) dialog: Naw. You can look at all my books you want to.
55) 17) dialog: That's than un on Christmas I was tellin' you about.
55) 21) dialog: Yeah.
55) 24) text: Karl and Frank sit in the clearing, Karl on the stump, Fr on the ground. Frank is shining the flashlight on the boo He finishes reading a few lines and turns off the flashli
55) 28) dialog: All right then.
55) 32) dialog: Yeah, I reckon they did. Hit like to tore me up when I read about that pore little cripple boy.
55) 36) dialog: Hit was right thoughty of her.
55) 40) dialog: All right then.
55) 44) dialog: Yeah, I recollect it.
55) 48) dialog: If you want me to.
55) 52) dialog: I bet he will. I got a little money if he don't. I'll get 'em for ye.
55) 56) dialog: They ort to. You're a good boy.
55) 60) dialog: Naw.
55) 64) dialog: That's real good. You ort not to if ye ain't married to somebody. Bible tells you that much. Hit tells some things that don't seem right too, I reckon. I guess a feller ort to foller it close as he can, though.  (pause) You don't touch yourself, do you?
55) 68) dialog: Pull on your works. Your privates.
55) 72) dialog: Yes sir. You ort not know that language.
55) 76) dialog: You ort not to pull on yourself that away.
55) 80) dialog: He ain't no count.
55) 84) dialog: I don't reckon I know.
55) 88) dialog: Naw.
55) 92) dialog: I had one there for little bit. Hit didn't get old enough to play with.
55) 96) dialog: Yeah.
55) 100) dialog: Hit was borned a little too early on. My mother and father made hit come too early some way or other. I reckon they changed their mind about havin' another'n. I was about six or eight year old then and they didn't care too much for me so I reckon they didn't need somethin' else to worry 'em with.
55) 104) dialog: My daddy come to the shed out back and got me and said throw this here away and handed me a towel with somethin' in it. I went for the trash barrel there and opened up the towel to see 'cause they was a noise and somethin' movin' in it. Hit was bloody-like around that towel. Hit was a little ol' bitty baby, no bigger than a squirrel.
55) 108) dialog: Yes sir. Right then it was.
55) 112) dialog: A little ol' boy.
55) 116) dialog: I didn't feel right about doin' that. I takened a shoe box from there in the shed and emptied out some screwdrivers and nuts and warshers from it and put the little feller in that and buried him in the corner of the yard there. That seemed more proper to me, I reckon.
55) 120) dialog: I heared it cryin' a little through that box.
55) 124) dialog: I wadn't but six or eight. I reckon I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to care for no baby. Mama and Daddy didn't want him. They learned me to do what they told me to. These days I figure it might of been best to give him right back to the Good Lord right off the bat anyhow.
55) 128) dialog: Hits been hard thinkin' about it. They ain't a day goes by I don't think about it. I kindly have a picture of it up in my head that I see. Hit makes me sad, too. I have bad thoughts on it. I wished they was somethin' I could of did, too. Shouldn't no bad things happen to childern. All the ol' bad things ort to be saved up for folks that's growed up, the way I see it. I shouldn't of told you about that. A boy ort not hear about such things. It just kindly come out.
55) 132) dialog: I've studied about it. The Bible says not to or you end up goin' to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.
55) 136) dialog: Yes sir, I reckon it does.
56) 1) text: Frank, flowers in hand, and Karl approach a very nice two story house. They get to the door and Frank rings the doorbell.
56) 12) dialog: No ma'am.
56) 26) text: She eyes Karl.
56) 48) dialog: I reckon.
57) 1) text: Frank and Karl walk up the steps to the house. Frank open the door and they enter.
58) 1) text: As Frank and Karl enter, they see Doyle sitting on a footstool facing Linda who's in a chair. Doyle is holding both her hands and talking very softly to her. He sees th guys and looks up.
58) 20) dialog: I could shore use some. Thank ye.
59) 1) text: Karl is cleaning some parts in a bucket of gasoline. Bill comes to the door.
59) 4) text: Karl wipes his hands on a shop towel and starts outside.
60) 8) text: Karl carries the generator toward the shop. He turns and watches the man and boy talking and laughing with Bill. T man playfully puts an arm around his son's neck and tousl his hair.
60) 13) text: Karl turns and goes in the shop.
61) 1) text: Karl is on his cot reading a book. Frank comes in. He loo very depressed. He sits beside Karl.
61) 5) dialog: Readin' on this book on how to work carpentry. I aim to learn how to build things out of wood one of these times. I've always been partial to wood buildin's and cabinets and whatnot. These drawin's they got here don't make no sense to me so far.  (he looks directly at Frank, which he seldom does) You seem like yore tails a'draggin' a might. You got somethin' wrong with ye?
61) 9) dialog: I don't reckon I know. I ain't found no way yet and I'm three or four times as old as you. Might be that's just the way folks is.
61) 13) dialog: Make believin' always made me feel good too from time to time.
61) 16) dialog: Bill Cox is goin' to a funeral for a Mister Turner tomorrow and a closin' up shop early.
61) 20) dialog: I'll play ball with ye. I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference.
61) 24) dialog: Yeah.
61) 28) dialog: Yessir.
62) 1) text: It's the practice field, so it's not very well kept. Karl Frank, and two other boys around Frank's age are huddled Four boys are lined on defense. They break the huddle and come to the line. They are on about the fifty-yard line. Frank hikes the ball to one of the boys. He later als it Karl who stands there for a minute as the defenders run toward him. Then he takes off like the wind. He runs funn kind of humped over and pigeon-toed, but fast. All the ot are chasing him. Two of the other team's boys catch him o about the fifteen-yard line, but he drags them along. Kar sees Frank out of the corner of his eye and tosses him th ball just as Karl bites the dirt. Frank goes into the end zone untouched. There are cheers from Frank and the other boys. Frank runs over to Karl who's still on the ground.
62) 5) dialog: I dern near had me a touchdown till them boys got a-hold of me there so I figured I better give it off to you. I seen you over there follerin' me.
62) 8) text: He grabs Karl by the hands and helps pull him up.
63) 1) text: Karl and Frank, dirt, grass stains and all, walk toward h
63) 5) dialog: Them boys was tryin' to pull me down pretty hard.
63) 12) dialog: No sir.
63) 16) dialog: I wadn't thinkin' about nothin' else just like you told me I'd do.
63) 20) dialog: If I ain't too stove up. I ain't like you. I'm old and give out.  (pause) I'm proud of ye.
64) 1) text: Karl sits on his bed rubbing his hands together, deep in thought.
65) 1) text: Karl is walking down the street past rundown houses. He c to an old gray woodframe house. It is in bad repair, the paint is peeling, the yard is grown up. There is an old wooden shed in the back yard. He stands looking at it for moment then walks through the yard and opens the door to shed. He's motionless for a moment, then goes inside.
66) 1) text: Sunlight comes through the cracks in the wood. The shed h nothing but dirt for a floor. A few tall patches of grass shoot up between boxes and rusty lawnmowers. A few old ga tools hang on the wall. In the center is a low circular s in the ground and a few tattered shreds of an old quilt. Karl stands looking at the hole for a moment, then turns walks out of the shed.
67) 1) text: Karl walks across the yard to the house.
68) 1) text: Karl goes onto the screened-in porch, looks through the kitchen window and goes inside.
70) 1) text: Karl walks into an equally filthy living room where an OL MAN in overalls sits slumped in a chair looking at his la Karl stands facing him for several moments.
70) 3) dialog: I'm ye boy.
70) 7) dialog: I'm ye oldest boy name Karl.
70) 11) dialog: They turned me aloose from the nervous hospital. Said I was well.
70) 14) dialog: I got hired to work for a Mr. Cox fixin' lawnmowers and whatnot.
70) 17) dialog: That grass out in the yard's all growed up. I figured I might cut it fer ye.
70) 22) dialog: I learned to read some. I've read on the Bible quite a bit. I don't understand all of it, but I believe I understand a good deal of it. Them stories Mama and you told me ain't in there. You ort not to of done that to ye boy.  (pause) I've studied on killin' you. But I don't reckon they's no reason fer it if all you're gonna do is set there in that chair. You'll be dead soon enough I reckon and the world'll be shut of ye.  (Karl walks toward the kitchen and turns back to the old man) You ort not to of killed my brother. He ort to have had a chance to grow up. Sometimes he would of had fun.
71) 1) text: Karl walks out of the house and across the yard to a hedg the corner and kneels down. He pushes some grass aside to reveal a rock about afoot tall and afoot across. In front it, the ground is raised a little. He stares at the rock a moment and touches it.
71) 3) dialog: Little feller.
72) 1) text: Karl stands on the side of the bridge looking into the ri below.
73) 1) text: All the lights are out. We see a shot of Frank in his bed asleep, but tossing and turning. Then a shot of Linda in staring at the ceiling and Doyle beside her snoring. Suddenly, the lights come on and Linda lets out a little and sits up, which wakes up Doyle and he sits up with a start. From their P.O.V. we see Karl standing in the door holding a hammer.
73) 7) dialog: I want to be baptized.
73) 15) dialog: I don't rightly know. I just kindly woke up a-holdin' it.
74) 1) text: We see a shot of Frank and Linda and Vaughan in a church The church is pretty full. From their P.O.V. we seek Karl a robe standing in the baptismal tank. The preacher takes Karl and dunks him under the water and brings him back up
75) 1) text: Doyle is in his favorite chair as Linda, Frank, and Karl through the front door.
75) 13) dialog: Yes ma'am. I like a fried chicken leg.
75) 20) text: She leaves and Doyle walks up to Karl and Frank.
75) 28) text: Doyle slaps him across the face and Karl grabs Doyle's ar Doyle shakes him off.
75) 30) dialog: Don't hit that boy no more.
75) 33) text: Frank jumps up and runs from the house and Doyle sits bac his chair and pops a beer. Karl gets up and goes to the garage.
76) 1) text: Karl ties his books up with his strap and gets a bag from bed and leaves.
77) 1) text: Karl is walking away as Linda pulls up in her car and get out with fast-food bags.
77) 5) dialog: No ma'am. I'm a'goin' off sommers.
77) 9) dialog: Frank, he went off, too. He ain't gonna be in there when you get indoors.
77) 13) dialog: He wanted to go off and play, I reckon.  (pause) You go in there and you and that Doyle eat ye dinner. You don't have to worry yourself none.
77) 17) dialog: Ma'am?
77) 21) dialog: You're a good mama to that boy. You care for him. You work hard fer him to take care of him. You light him up in his eyes, I've seen it. He wouldn't know what to do without ye.
77) 25) dialog: You've been real good to me, too. It ain't ever'body that'd make biscuits in the middle of the night. You and that boy has give me a good feelin'.
77) 29) dialog: Thank ye.  (Karl walks away, then turns) I'm just getting around to tellin' you, but I fixed your warshin' machine.
77) 32) text: Frank is on the ground digging a trench in the dirt with stick. He hears footsteps in the leaves and looks up and Karl coming toward him.
77) 36) dialog: I knowed you'd be here.  (Karl sits on the stump) What are you a-doin' digging with that stob?
77) 40) dialog: I'm glad of it you was borned.  (pause) I reckon I ain't gonna be there in the garage no more.
77) 44) dialog: You're just a boy. You ort not to use that sort of language.
77) 48) dialog: That feller's a whole sight meaner than me. He'd just whup the tar out of me.
77) 52) dialog: I'm tired, too, Frank.  (pause) If I ain't around no more, it don't mean I don't care fer ye. I care for ye a good deal. I care for you more than anybody they is. We made friends right off the bat.
77) 56) dialog: Hit don't make no difference where I was to be. We'll always be friends. There ain't no way to stop that.  (pause) I aim for you to have these books.
77) 59) dialog: Maybe you can make more sense out of them than I can. I made you a little old book marker and stuck it in that book on Christmas.
77) 63) dialog: I aim fer you to have 'em.
77) 67) dialog: Yes sir.
77) 71) dialog: Reckon what kind of a feelin'?
77) 75) dialog: Will ye do somethin' for me if I ast you to?
77) 79) dialog: Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin', too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here, I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
77) 83) dialog: Ever'thing's okay, boy. I kindly want to put my arm around ye for a minute and then I'm gonna go on and leave here.
77) 86) text: Karl lays his arm on Frank's shoulder and Frank puts his on Karl's arm. They sit like that for a few moments, then Karl gets up with his paper sack and walks away. Frank ta the book marker out of the Christmas book. It is just a folded piece of notebook paper. On it is written 'You wil happy.' He looks up at Karl who is now thirty yards away the trees.
77) 89) text: Karl turns around and he and Frank stare at each other through the trees.
78) 1) text: Karl knocks on the door. After a moment, Vaughan answers pair of big shorts and a sweatshirt.
78) 5) dialog: I ain't a-stayin'. I need to ast you fer a favor.
78) 9) dialog: This evenin' I want you to go get Mizz Wheatley and that Frank and have them stay with you tonight.
78) 13) dialog: That dern Doyle is in a bad way again with that drinkin' and bein' mean to folks. Will you give me your word you'll do it?
78) 17) dialog: Naw, not yet.  (hands the bag to Vaughan) I want ye to give this to Mizz Wheatley. Hit ain't much, but maybe there's a little somethin' to hep out. Hits what I've earned fixin' lawnmowers and whatnot fer Bill Cox.
78) 22) dialog: I don't reckon you have to go with women to be a daddy to a boy.  (pause) You've been real square dealin' with me. The Bible says two men ort not lay together. But I'll bet you the Good Lord wouldn't send nobody like you to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.  (Karl starts away) That boy lives inside of his own heart. Hits an awful big place. You take care of that boy.
78) 23) text: Vaughan watches Karl walk away.
79) 1) text: Karl stares at the bus station door.
80) 1) text: Karl stares at the house from the sidewalk.
81) 1) text: Karl stares into the river.
82) 1) text: Karl has a lawnmower blade sharpening it on a grinding wh
83) 1) text: Karl carrying the blade walks onto the porch and enters t living room.
84) 1) text: Doyle is in his chair drinking beer and watching TV. He l up as Karl comes around and sits on the sofa.
84) 5) dialog: How does a feller go about gettin' ahold of the police?
84) 9) dialog: What numbers do you punch?
84) 13) dialog: I aim to kill you with it.
84) 17) text: Karl gets up and walks slowly toward Doyle out of frame. see the flickering light of the TV on the wall. O.S. we h one short dull thud.
84) 20) text: We hear one more thud, then the sound of Doyle's body hit the floor. Karl appears in frame again and we follow him the kitchen where he picks up the wall phone. He stares a for a moment, then pushes 911. He has a few specks of blo on his face, hand and shirt.
84) 22) dialog: (into phone) Yes ma'am. I need the police over here at the Wheatley house.  (pause) I've killed somebody with a mower blade.  (pause) Yes ma'am, I'm right sure of it. I hit him two good whacks. That second time just plumb near cut his head in two.  (pause) Hits a little old yeller house right on the corner of Marigold Street and some other street. They's a red pickup truck out front says DOYLE HARGRAVES CONSTRUCTION on it. I'll be a settin' here waitin' on ye. Beside sendin' the police, Doyle said you might want to send a ambulance or a hearse. Thank ye.
84) 28) text: He's in the middle of one of his sick monologues. We pull back and see we're in the recreation room of the hospital again with Karl in his usual chair listening to Charles. is now wearing the hospital issue clothing.
84) 32) dialog: They was a boy. We made friends.
84) 36) dialog: It's too big.
84) 40) dialog: Don't say nothin' about that boy.
84) 41) text: Karl looks him right in the eye for the first time ever.
84) 43) dialog: Fact the bidness, don't you say another word to me. I ain't listenin' to you no more.
84) 44) text: Karl gets up and goes to the window and looks out at the grass that separates him from the next building. He stare out the window, as we: