52) 1) text: Vaughan, ALBERT the "friend," Linda, Frank, Karl, and MELINDA, the Dollar-Store girl, are seated at the table. and Frank are going at the delicacies while Melinda shyly picks at hers and the others are engaged in idle chit cha This goes on for a few moments, then Albert's attention t to Karl.
52) 24) dialog: Well, when you like pricing items as much as I do, I guess it's just bound to happen sooner or later.
52) 34) dialog: I stay on my feet all the time at work. I just can't find shoes that's comfortable.
52) 42) dialog: I get real mean when my feet hurt. It's the only time I don't like checkin' out the customers, when my feet hurt.
52) 56) dialog: Why?
52) 60) dialog: You mean about y'all bein' together in "that" way?
52) 64) dialog: I think everybody at the store knows that already. They always talk about it. Maureen Ledbetter told a awful story about why you ain't allowed over at the First Baptist Church no more.
52) 69) text: He gets up and walks toward the front door. Melinda gets and tries to catch up.
53) 1) text: Karl and Melinda are walking in the moonlight. It seems a little hard for Melinda to keep up.
53) 3) dialog: You walk fast, don't you?
53) 8) dialog: These is the worst shoes I own for walkin'. How far did you want to go?
54) 4) text: Karl gets up and goes to the counter followed by Scooter. Melinda stands on the other side of the counter holding a cellophane wrapped store-bought flower assortment. Nobody says anything for a moment.
54) 6) dialog: Hi, Karl, I'm on lunch break. These was on sale 'cause they're not fresh. Two ninety-nine a bunch plus my ten percent employee discount. Since I didn't bring you anything to our date last night, I thought you'd like to have 'em.
54) 16) text: They start to leave. At the door, Bill Cox turns and wink Karl. They exit leaving Karl and Melinda staring at the counter. They are silent for a while.
54) 18) dialog: Well, I just thought I'd give you them. I liked walkin' with you. I got a blister the size of a quarter on one heel. Well, I'll see you sometime, I guess.
54) 23) dialog: Yeah.
54) 27) dialog: Me, too.