43) 1) text: White Christmas tree lights are strung above the patio. K sits to the side in a kitchen chair staring at the ground alongside Vaughan, Frank, and Linda. The "band" is set up the patio. The band consists of MORRIS, a heavyset guy in military uniform on tambourine, TERENCE, a skinny guy in wheelchair on bass, RANDY, a long haired younger guy who' not an Indian on guitar, Doyle on a guitar which he can't play and MONTY "The Johnson " Johnson, a large guy with a Top beard on drums. A tub of beer is in front of them. They're all hooting and hollering and drinking. They've obviously been at it for a while. Doyle steps forward to address the 'crowd.'
47) 1) text: Doyle slouches in his chair drinking whiskey from the bot Terence and Morris are sitting facing Karl and Vaughan wh are on the sofa. Randy and The Johnson are sitting across room in straight-backed chairs drinking beer. They really stocked up at the county line and beer and liquor bottles strewn everywhere. Morris is in the middle of a monologue which has obviously been going on for awhile.
47) 3) dialog: Anyhow I'm not sure if you follow me on those particular points, but it's not really important in the smaller picture, which is where most people dwell anyway. Not that being manager of Ben's Dollar Store is insignificant. Or that making it through years of incarceration in a state supported facility is any small feat.
47) 11) dialog: Holidays are for campers.
47) 17) dialog: Anything that has to be discussed can't mean anything.
47) 23) dialog: Exactly the point, my young levelheaded friend.
47) 27) dialog: I rest my case.
47) 31) dialog: Not unlike Gary Brooker of the Protocol Harum.
47) 41) dialog: Our latest composition is as follows: entitled:  "The Thrill" -- "I stand on the hill  Not for a thrill  but for a breath  of a fresh kill  Never mind the man  who contemplates  doing away with license plates  He stands alone anyway  Baking the cookies of discontent  By the heat of a laundrymat vent Leaving his soul"  (Then like in poetry I have dot dot dot then drop down to the next line kind of off center.) "Leaving his soul parting waters Under the medulla oblongata  of (then dot dot dot again) mankind."
47) 42) text: Silence for a moment as everyone in the room just stares something other than Morris.
47) 46) dialog: The dots are where I say they are. Melody and tune. That's your trade. You're a tunesmith Terence.
47) 75) dialog: (stops at the door) The dots just look good on paper. You don't sing 'em anyway. You're showing your true Aries colors now.