43) 1) text: White Christmas tree lights are strung above the patio. K sits to the side in a kitchen chair staring at the ground alongside Vaughan, Frank, and Linda. The "band" is set up the patio. The band consists of MORRIS, a heavyset guy in military uniform on tambourine, TERENCE, a skinny guy in wheelchair on bass, RANDY, a long haired younger guy who' not an Indian on guitar, Doyle on a guitar which he can't play and MONTY "The Johnson " Johnson, a large guy with a Top beard on drums. A tub of beer is in front of them. They're all hooting and hollering and drinking. They've obviously been at it for a while. Doyle steps forward to address the 'crowd.'
45) 1) text: The truck fishtails into the night and we see the rest of "band" in the back of the truck trying to control Terence wheelchair as it rolls back and forth.
47) 1) text: Doyle slouches in his chair drinking whiskey from the bot Terence and Morris are sitting facing Karl and Vaughan wh are on the sofa. Randy and The Johnson are sitting across room in straight-backed chairs drinking beer. They really stocked up at the county line and beer and liquor bottles strewn everywhere. Morris is in the middle of a monologue which has obviously been going on for awhile.
47) 15) dialog: I think y'all play really tight together, Randy. Y'all shouldn't throw off on one another.
47) 29) dialog: Morris is real smart with philosophies and things. That's why him and me are the songwriting team of our group. I make up good tunes or melodies as we call them and Morris is the lyrics.
47) 37) dialog: We wrote one last night standin' outside Mini-Mart. Morris called it "Stuart Drives a Comfortable Car." Then, you know, like on country songs in parenthesis it says "There is usually someone in the trunk." I came up with a tune just humming.
47) 44) dialog: I don't think that's right. I believe dot dot dot come between medulla and oblongata or something like that.  (Morris stares at him) Well it did. It wadn't before mankind, I know that much.
47) 52) dialog: That wadn't the way you made it up before, Morris. That's all I know.
47) 67) dialog: What about our instruments?
47) 68) text: Doyle grabs the handles of Terence's wheelchair and pushe him right out the screen door. We hear the chair clatter the steps and a cry of pain from Terence.