33) 1) text: Frank and Karl make their way through the fairly crowded store. It's sort of a mini-version of a Walmart. They fin Frank's mother in her red smock talking to a guy in a red Ben's knit shirt. They are laughing together and pricing mouthwash. LINDA WHEATLEY is a short, plain woman in her thirties. The man, VAUGHAN CUNNINGHAM, is in his forties, with a neat flattop hair cut, glasses, and a paunch hangi over his belt. They eye Karl suspiciously, as the boys approach.
33) 7) dialog: Let me guess. You want a bunch of candy and a pop.
33) 11) dialog: You're gonna rot your teeth that way. But I bet I know what you would like even better. I put potted meat on special, four cans for a dollar and they're not moving very well. I'd sure let a few cans go for free to the right boy.
33) 17) dialog: Can I help you, sir?
33) 27) text: She shuffles him away and leaves Vaughan staring at Karl.
33) 29) dialog: I don't think I've ever seen you before.
33) 33) dialog: It's been here seventeen years. Did you live here before or something?
33) 37) dialog: What brings you back?
33) 41) dialog: Why are you here now?
33) 45) dialog: Is that right?  (pause) Are you going to be staying here long?
33) 49) dialog: Do you have family here?
33) 58) dialog: (hushed) He just got out of the state hospital.
33) 64) dialog: Sure, go ahead.
33) 65) text: They walk off down the aisle leaving Vaughan a little puzzled.
33) 67) dialog: Are you sure it's safe to let him around that guy?
33) 71) dialog: He's been in the state hospital a long time, something must be wrong with him.
33) 75) dialog: What about me?
33) 79) dialog: (wrinkles his brow) Karl is a guy guy?
37) 1) text: Karl is standing on the porch with his bag and his books staring at the door. After a moment, we hear a car door s and footsteps on the porch. Then we hear Vaughan's voice.
37) 3) dialog: Karl?
37) 4) text: Karl turns to face Vaughan.
37) 8) dialog: So, you're really going to stay here?
37) 12) dialog: Did you knock on the door yet?
37) 16) dialog: How long have you been standing here?
37) 20) dialog: Listen, before you get very used to staying here, I think you and I need to talk about a few things. Can I take you to lunch?
37) 24) dialog: I mean tomorrow or the next day.
37) 28) dialog: Okay, I'll come by Mr. Cox's and get you at noon.
37) 29) text: They stand therefor a moment. Vaughan doesn't really know exactly what else to do, so he knocks on the door. After moment, Frank answers the door.
38) 1) text: Vaughan ushers Karl in and they stand behind the sofa. Do looks up and grins.
38) 9) dialog: Sure, I guess.
38) 20) dialog: I know Albert. We're friends.
38) 24) dialog: That's ridiculous. That's just a total lie.
38) 30) dialog: (smiles a little) Yeah, I knew that. You're a card all right.
40) 1) text: Vaughan is carrying a tray of food as Karl follows him to table and they sit and immediately start to eat. After a bites, Vaughan starts to speak in an official manner.
40) 3) dialog: Okay, Karl, the reason I brought you here was to talk to you about something that is on my mind.  (pauses for a response, instead Karl eats french fries and stares at the table) I guess I'll put it right out on the table. Where do I start. Linda and Frank are very important to me. They're like family. My own family was never like family. They're horrible people. As a matter of fact I prayed every night for years that my father would die. I finally realized through a lot of therapy that I was wasting my energy on hating him. Now I just don't care.  (pause) You see, you and I are a lot alike, strange as that may seem. I mean not physically or even mentally really, just well, maybe emotionally or actually the hand we've been dealt in life. We're different. People see us as being different anyway. You're -- well you have your affliction or whatever and I, well mine's not as easy to see. I'm just going to say it. I'm gay.  (watts) Does that surprise you?  (watts) That I'm gay. You know what being gay is, don't you?
40) 7) dialog: Homosexual. I like men. Sexually.
40) 11) dialog: Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that, weren't you?
40) 15) dialog: Anyway, it's hard to live gay, that's the right way to say it, in a small town like this. I've wanted to leave many times, but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we won't go into have kept me from it. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you're going to live in the Wheatly garage you need to know that it won't be easy. Doyle is a monster. Not just a closed minded redneck, but a monster. A dangerous person. I've told Linda that one day that man is going to really hurt her or that boy. Maybe even kill one of them. I see it in his eyes. I'm very in tune, maybe even psychic. Doyle will make your life hell. You're a perfect target. When I first saw you I was afraid of you. Not really afraid, I guess, just taken aback. But also, I felt a real sensitive feeling from you. And for some reason, Frank has adopted you. Much like a stray animal. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. In a good way. Anyway, I just want you to know what you're in for. I have a good feeling about you. You're good for Frank. Maybe it's that he can have an adult friend on a child's level. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way. (pause) There's one more thing. It's none of my business why you were in the state hospital. Everyone has something in their past, maybe you tried suicide, maybe you did something -- terrible. But what I see before me is a gentle, simple man. All I want you to promise me is that you're capable of being around Linda and Frank. You know. You would never hurt them under any circumstances, would you?
40) 19) dialog: That's what I thought. I hope I haven't offended you in any way. You seem like a thinker. You seem to always be in deep thought. Tell me something. What are you thinking right now?
40) 24) dialog: Oh. How about before that?
43) 1) text: White Christmas tree lights are strung above the patio. K sits to the side in a kitchen chair staring at the ground alongside Vaughan, Frank, and Linda. The "band" is set up the patio. The band consists of MORRIS, a heavyset guy in military uniform on tambourine, TERENCE, a skinny guy in wheelchair on bass, RANDY, a long haired younger guy who' not an Indian on guitar, Doyle on a guitar which he can't play and MONTY "The Johnson " Johnson, a large guy with a Top beard on drums. A tub of beer is in front of them. They're all hooting and hollering and drinking. They've obviously been at it for a while. Doyle steps forward to address the 'crowd.'
43) 19) dialog: Sure. It sounded like a number one tune all right.
43) 30) dialog: I'd better go on home now, it's late. I have to work tomorrow.
44) 1) text: Doyle is driving, Vaughan in the middle, and Karl by the window. Doyle cranks up the truck and pops in a cassette tape. The first few notes of "Ghost Riders in the Sky" pl
44) 3) dialog: Are you sure you can drive? You've really had a lot of alcohol.
46) 22) dialog: Oh, yeah, I'm thrilled.
47) 1) text: Doyle slouches in his chair drinking whiskey from the bot Terence and Morris are sitting facing Karl and Vaughan wh are on the sofa. Randy and The Johnson are sitting across room in straight-backed chairs drinking beer. They really stocked up at the county line and beer and liquor bottles strewn everywhere. Morris is in the middle of a monologue which has obviously been going on for awhile.
47) 21) dialog: What exactly do you mean by that? I don't understand.
47) 25) dialog: I don't get it.
47) 48) dialog: I don't really understand the meaning of the words.
47) 63) dialog: It's not your house, Doyle, it's Linda's.
47) 71) text: They all file out the door except Vaughan and Karl who si frozen on the sofa.
47) 78) text: He slams the door and turns to see Vaughan and Karl on th sofa and Linda and Frank, in their nightclothes, standing the doorway.
47) 86) dialog: Doyle, don't you lay one hand on her.
47) 89) text: Linda walks up to him with Frank close behind. Vaughan ge up also. Karl stares at the floor rubbing his hands toget
47) 97) dialog: I'm a witness. I heard you threaten her life.
47) 116) text: She shoves him in the chest and he slaps her hard in the face. Vaughan starts looking for a weapon and Frank goes wild. He starts throwing anything he can find at Doyle. E cans, bottles, a lampstand. He connects with an encyclopedia to the head. Doyle goes the door. His face has changed from angry to sad, almost pitiful.
47) 123) text: He leaves and slams the door. Frank goes to Linda's side, does Vaughan.
52) 1) text: Vaughan, ALBERT the "friend," Linda, Frank, Karl, and MELINDA, the Dollar-Store girl, are seated at the table. and Frank are going at the delicacies while Melinda shyly picks at hers and the others are engaged in idle chit cha This goes on for a few moments, then Albert's attention t to Karl.
52) 7) dialog: I think Karl is going to be a writer or a librarian eventually. You should see all the books he has. He must read constantly.
52) 15) dialog: Does everyone like the food?
52) 18) dialog: Good. I haven't decided yet if I'm a good cook.
52) 26) dialog: Karl, maybe you and Melinda might want to take a walk or something after dinner. It's a nice night.
52) 30) dialog: I'm sorry.
52) 38) dialog: Or the kind old ladies who work in the school cafeteria wear.
52) 49) dialog: Listen everybody, I know this may sound corny, I've had a few glasses of wine and that kind of makes me a little emotional, but I'm going to say it anyway. It just came over me in a rush. I want you all to know that I care about each and every one of you at this table.
52) 54) dialog: Also, Melinda, please don't tell anybody at the store that Albert was here tonight, okay.
52) 58) dialog: Well, a lot of people in town talk and spread cruel rumors. Unfortunately, I have to keep certain parts of my life private.
52) 62) dialog: Yes.
74) 1) text: We see a shot of Frank and Linda and Vaughan in a church The church is pretty full. From their P.O.V. we seek Karl a robe standing in the baptismal tank. The preacher takes Karl and dunks him under the water and brings him back up
78) 1) text: Karl knocks on the door. After a moment, Vaughan answers pair of big shorts and a sweatshirt.
78) 3) dialog: Karl, what are you doing here? Come in.
78) 7) dialog: Okay.
78) 11) dialog: What's wrong? Is everything okay?
78) 15) dialog: Well, sure, okay. He hasn't hurt them, has he?
78) 18) text: Vaughan takes the bag.
78) 20) dialog: What about you, Karl? Do you want to stay here?
78) 23) text: Vaughan watches Karl walk away.