2) 0) text: The deer lies on it's side. HANNA breaths hard. She reaches deep into the body cavity and pulls out intestine, stomach, liver. She freezes, sensing danger. Her hand deep inside the animal. She listens. She looks o into the still forest. No sound. ERIK, mid forties, a mammoth with leathery face, stands behind her like a ghost.
2) 1) dialog: You're dead. Right now. I've killed you. HANNA spins spraying deer-blood on to the snow and brings her fist right to ERIK's face. He blocks and thumps an op palm on to HANNA's shoulder sending her sprawling into th snow. She leaps to her feet, as ERIK aims a kick at her head. S dodges, punches below his knee cap, and goes for her pistol. ERIK slaps the hand away.
4) 0) text: HANNA drags the 200 lb deer on a makeshift sled. She lift her knees high and moves at a steady pace. Hidden among the trees, a little way off, ERIK is watchin her.
6) 0) text: Almost everything ERIK and HANNA own they've made themsel using what can be found in the forest. What few possessio that have been brought in from the outside world are old worn. HANNA is making a fire using a bow drill. The friction of drill produces an ember which HANNA carefully transfers t some dried leaves.
7) 0) text: HANNA and ERIK sit either side of a small fire, still dre in furs. HANNA swirls a spoon around in a dish of stew. ERIK takes mouthful, watches HANNA not eating.
7) 1) dialog: What's wrong? Are you hurt? She keeps swirling her spoon.
7) 4) dialog: German.
7) 12) dialog: Italian.
7) 15) dialog: Spanish. HANNA studies her food and slowly takes a spoonful.
7) 20) dialog: How much did you pull off the deer?
7) 22) dialog: About 200 pounds in total? HANNA nods.
7) 25) dialog: How you beat me. You're getting strong. HANNA almost blushes. ERIK stands to put his bowl away.
8) 0) text: HANNA is in bed under fur covers listening while ERIK rea to her from an old encyclopedia.
8) 1) dialog: The Great Blue Whale is the largest animal to have ever existed. A blue whale's tongue weighs over two and a half tons and its mouth is large enough to hold 90 tons of food and water.
8) 3) dialog: It's bigger than the cabin. Its heart weighs thirteen hundred pounds and a male has seven gallons of testicles. HANNA smirks.
8) 7) dialog: Did you forget something?
8) 10) dialog: Good night. He walks to the door. HANNA stops him with a question.
8) 17) dialog: It's difficult to explain.
8) 19) dialog: 
8) 22) dialog: Good. It feels good. It's, uh, nice.
8) 24) dialog: Your mother could. She used to sing very well.
8) 26) dialog: You will soon enough.
8) 28) dialog: When you're ready.
8) 30) dialog: Just go to sleep now. I'll see you in the morning.
9) 0) text: The morning sunlight slants through the forest. ERIK is walking through the trees. He stops, raises his pistol at a tree trunk some distance away and fires. The tree breaks apart.
11) 0) text: Another GUNSHOT breaks a tree apart. Hanna fires. Another tree breaks apart. She rolls and fires. She rolls and fires. She reloads. And fires. ERIK watching.
12) 0) text: HANNA attacks ERIK. Hand. Knee. Elbow. Fist. He defends easily.
12) 1) dialog: Again. They reset. She repeats the motion. Hand. Knee. Elbow. Fi
13) 0) text: A medium size log nailed along two pillars of the cabin acts as a chin-up bar. Erik and Hanna do chin-ups. Both are fit. Neither will gi up. ERIK observing HANNA's power. Both have the sense tha he is judging her. HANNA's face fiercely determined.
14) 0) text: ERIK and HANNA sit with their backs to a tree in the huge forest as they breathlessly recover from the exhaustion o the exercise. HANNA speaks fast, reciting.
15) 0) text: HANNA is running, racing ERIK. Fierce determination, almo anger in her eyes. They reach the river and dive in.
16) 0) text: HANNA and ERIK are swimming hard against the current of t fast-flowing river, working at full pelt just to stay sti They swim and swim, their muscles busting, their lungs bursting.
16) 1) dialog: Don't give up! Don't give up! HANNA's arms flails as she fights against the stream and screams in pain. She is grabbed under by the undertow and pulled downwards. For a second she is underwater and in darkness but ERIK's hand pulls her back up and she breaks surface with a gasp of relief.
17) 0) text: On the bank, HANNA climbs out. ERIK approaches her but moodily, even angrily, she pushes him away.
18) 0) text: Outside, ERIK stands alone, thinking. An OWL swoops down catch a mouse then flies back up into the tree tops.
19) 0) text: HANNA is asleep. ERIK enters the room. ERIK approaches the bed, and solemnly takes out a pistol aims it at HANNA. He is tense with expectation. Suddenly HANNA bursts from her covers, smashes the pistol from ERIK's hand and smashes him down on to the bed. She grabs the pistol and points it at his face. She is alert, eyes intense, face proud. She speaks quietly.
19) 2) dialog: Maybe. ERIK relaxes. It's a false beat. He lunges again at her, really violently. He seems to be really trying to hurt her. But HANNA has reached under her mattress and there is a f knife - in an instant it is at ERIK's neck. She pricks hi neck slightly. It bleeds just slightly. Stillness and silence. HANNA breathless, angry.
20) 0) text: ERIK takes long lunging strides straight out from the cab He counts his paces.
20) 1) dialog: One, two, three, four...
21) 0) text: ERIK and HANNA are racing through the forest. Over this we continue to hear ERIK counting his paces fro the previous scene.
22) 1) dialog: ...nine, ten. After 10 paces, ERIK makes a 90 degree turn and enters th tree line. The snow and mud crunch under his boots. We continue to inter-cut the following with more close-up HANNA training: climbing, fighting, chin-ups, shooting. A the while we continue to hear ERIK counting out his paces After 40 paces, with the cabin light distant, ERIK falls his knees. He unsheathes a large knife and jams it into t frozen earth.
24) 0) text: HANNA enters breathless with excitement. ERIK sits pensiv with his back to the door.
24) 4) dialog: It tells Marissa Wiegler where we are. He looks at her, a hint of a challenge.
24) 13) dialog: It's here. There's no rush. Take your time. HANNA turns her back on the box, but can't help taking another look at it over her shoulder.
25) 0) text: HANNA is under the covers again while ERIK reads more fro the encyclopedia.
25) 1) dialog: Laika, a mongrel dog from the streets of Moscow, was the first animal to orbit the Earth. She was launched into outer space on the third of November, 1957. Scientists believed humans would be unable to survive conditions of outer space, so flights by animals were viewed as an experimental precursor to human missions. Her rocket was not designed to be retrievable, and Laika had always been intended to die.
25) 3) dialog: When a star collapses the supernova explosion is 10 billion times brighter than other stars. HANNA shuts her eyes and tries to imagine how bright that might be.
26) 0) text: ERIK straps the bow to his chest and grabs a quiver of bo
26) 1) dialog: Will you hunt with me? Hanna is sweeping the ground.
26) 3) dialog: It's up to you.
26) 5) dialog: Yes. HANNA eyes the box sitting open, it's waiting for her.
26) 7) dialog: Fine. ERIK leaves abruptly. HANNA continues to sweep the ground, her movements bring closer to the metal box. She stops sweeping and looks at box. She turns and walks out of the cabin.
30) 0) text: HANNA tends to boiling pots. She's cooking a feast. ERIK enters. He stamps his feet shedding ice at the door. He walks by the box and sees the little red light flicker on. HANNA sees this and sees him smile, but she knows he' sad.
30) 1) dialog: You were lucky to grab that deer. There was nothing out there today. ERIK looks over at the meal HANNA is preparing.
32) 0) text: ERIK is leaning over a pail of water, cutting his beard o with a knife.
34) 0) text: HANNA sits in her bed reading her encyclopaedia. ERIK, dressed incongruously in the suit and tie, enters a sits on the edge of her bed. She doesn't look up from her book. His face shows more emotion than we've seen before.
34) 1) dialog: Hanna... HANNA looks up, still trying to hide her fear.
34) 9) dialog: Then?
34) 11) dialog: Then?
34) 13) dialog: The address where we meet.
34) 15) dialog: Good night my sweet girl. He stands and quietly goes to the door when her voice sto him.
34) 17) dialog: You can do this. You're ready. Just remember what I've taught you. She smiles reassuringly at him.
35) 0) text: ERIK comes out of the cabin carrying a small rucksack. He closes the door behind him and takes a deep breath.
110) 0) text: Dark rain pours down on to a beach on the Danish coast. A figure struggles to land. Then, like a monster from the deep, ERIK emerges out of the surf. His lungs bursting wi the exertion. Water dripping from his body. He collapses for a while then stumbles up the beach. He approaches the beach car park. A POLICE CAR swings into the car park. ERIK tries to run, but it's too late. The POLICE CAR is o him. He stops and turns towards the police car. TWO POLICEMEN get out of the car and approach ERIK. He watches them very carefully.
128) 0) text: ERIK HELLER walks into a small, long-established family h on a Danish road near the coast.
128) 8) dialog: I stayed here fifteen years ago. It hasn't changed.
128) 10) dialog: Neither do I.
128) 12) dialog: Olsson. Peter Olsson.
128) 14) dialog: Thank you. ERIK reads: “Mission accomplished”
128) 16) dialog: For what exactly?
133) 0) text: A commuter train pulls into the vast station. Amongst the morning commuters alighting the train is ERIK HELLER. He looks furtively around, and tries to blend in with the cr
138) 0) text: A phone booth in a city park. ERIK shivering in the cold icy rain falls around him, he's holding the CELLPHONE he stole from the dead SPECIAL OPS. HELLER'S leg is bleeding profusely.
138) 1) dialog: Well, here we are.
138) 3) dialog: I killed one of your men. Got his cellphone. You've gotten soft.
138) 5) dialog: You got kids?
139) 2) dialog: Hanna's practically yours, you know? This goes straight to an ache that's been building in MARISSA.
139) 4) dialog: She's true and good and funny. Yeah, she's funny. She's special. You should see her.
139) 6) dialog: You'll have to catch her first. The line goes dead. MARISSA puts the phone down and sits quietly for a moment. Then presses play again on the tape machine.
161) 0) text: ERIK HELLER limps, head bowed, through the Amusement Park He suddenly stops dead and ducks behind a fallen fibregla dinosaur as he sees two CIA AGENTS sitting in a car outsi the house. HELLER watches for a moment or two. Then, keeping low, he makes a painful run towards the hou HELLER throws himself against the back wall of the kitche He breathes heavily for a moment, clutching his wounded l He turns and rises to look through the kitchen window. Inside he sees KNEPFLER, stripped to the waist his body bloodied, hanging upside down from a meat hook. He's obviously dead.
167) 2) dialog: Marissa would have been much too careful for that. HANNA stares at him. ERIK HELLER.
167) 5) dialog: Sit down.
167) 12) dialog: Please.
167) 14) dialog: I was going to tell you. HANNA sinks to the floor. Breathing fast.
167) 16) dialog: Nothing.
167) 18) dialog: At Galinka.
167) 20) dialog: It was a secret CIA research programme in rural Poland.
167) 22) dialog: Children. HANNA stares at ERIK.
167) 31) dialog: Reduce capacity for fear. For pity. Increase muscle strength. Heighten senses. Anything that might make a better soldier. HANNA looks up, stares at him. It's her he's talking abou
167) 33) dialog: I worked for it. She stares at him. He hands her a piece of paper from his pocket.
167) 38) dialog: I tried to save all of you. But you were the only one I was able to rescue.
167) 46) dialog: It worked. You worked.
167) 48) dialog: No... no.. He makes to touch her. HANNA springs back in violent repulsion.
167) 50) dialog: We have a new identity for you. A new life. A new beginning. She stares at him, then pushes past him. ERIK stops, push her back but then HANNA grabs a sharp letter opener.
167) 53) dialog: I tried to prepare you for what your life would be.
167) 60) dialog: Hanna wait. He looks out to watch her go. It's then ERIK sees the car coming across the estate scrubland. ERIK turns in panic. And dashes back into the apartment, through the destroyed living room, and out through the fr door.
168) 0) text: MARISSA's car is a about to turn the corner and bump stra into HANNA when suddenly... MARISSA sees ERIK leaving the front of the apartment bloc She speaks to ISAACS.
169) 7) dialog: So go ahead. She stares at him. Wants to make this as painful as she c for him.
169) 9) dialog: Don't under estimate what you created.
171) 0) text: MARISSA with her gun still at ERIK.
173) 0) text: MARISSA stands over the dead body of ERIK HELLER.
178) 0) text: HANNA enters the tiny, dank hotel room. She looks at the filthy carpet, the grey ceiling. She turns on the tiny TV Cartoons. Tom and Jerry type stuff. But she doesn't laugh She flicks channel. Then stands dead still. She is lookin ERIK HELLER's dead body on the ground. The report depicts as a dangerous criminal. HANNA stares at the image. The d of the man she spent her life with. Lost forever. HANNA's face oddly still in the TV flicker. Then she flicks it of Leaves the room.