0) 0) text: Winter. Silence on the forest floor. Snow falling. Then t sound of breathing. The soft footfall of a person running HANNA, fourteen years old, long hair, eyes like blue ice, glides through the trees, a bow strapped to her shoulder. is dressed in animal skins and fur shoes. She blends almo completely into the landscape of trees and snow. She stops dead. Her breath visible in the freezing air. Suddenly alert, she has spotted her prey. A REINDEER nuzz the snow, trying to unearth a patch of grass to eat. Its pops up - danger. Too late. The sudden swoosh and the sna an arrow piercing its skin. The deer flops to the ground with a thud. It whines, its dig at the earth. Its mouth gnaws at the icy air. Steam pouring from its nostrils. HANNA approaches, removes a fur glove. She bends to her knees. She reaches out and gently pets the animals frightened fa She runs her hand down along its neck, in towards the wou
0) 1) dialog: I just missed your heart. She stands and pulls out an old pistol from her waist holster. She fires two shots directly at CAMERA.
1) 1) dialog: 
2) 0) text: The deer lies on it's side. HANNA breaths hard. She reaches deep into the body cavity and pulls out intestine, stomach, liver. She freezes, sensing danger. Her hand deep inside the animal. She listens. She looks o into the still forest. No sound. ERIK, mid forties, a mammoth with leathery face, stands behind her like a ghost.
3) 0) text: HANNA clears the kill site. Wipes the last dots of blood to a stick. No sign she was ever there.
4) 0) text: HANNA drags the 200 lb deer on a makeshift sled. She lift her knees high and moves at a steady pace. Hidden among the trees, a little way off, ERIK is watchin her.
5) 0) text: A log cabin built around an ancient tree surrounded by th thick forest. HANNA is standing in the snow, stripping th deer with a knife. It's a tough job but she does it no fu
6) 0) text: Almost everything ERIK and HANNA own they've made themsel using what can be found in the forest. What few possessio that have been brought in from the outside world are old worn. HANNA is making a fire using a bow drill. The friction of drill produces an ember which HANNA carefully transfers t some dried leaves.
7) 0) text: HANNA and ERIK sit either side of a small fire, still dre in furs. HANNA swirls a spoon around in a dish of stew. ERIK takes mouthful, watches HANNA not eating.
7) 3) dialog: I'll do better next time.
7) 10) dialog: (In German w/ English
7) 13) dialog: (In Italian w/ English
7) 18) dialog: (In Spanish w/ English
7) 21) dialog: A hundred and twenty with scraps.
7) 24) dialog: What?
8) 0) text: HANNA is in bed under fur covers listening while ERIK rea to her from an old encyclopedia.
8) 2) dialog: How much is that?
8) 6) dialog: Good night. He stands by her bed looking down at her.
8) 8) dialog: No. ERIK takes HANNA'S gun out of his pocket and puts it on t table next to her bed.
8) 16) dialog: What's music like?
8) 18) dialog: Try. He opens the encyclopedia again, leafs through the pages reads.
8) 21) dialog: But how does it feel? Erik is not equipped to answer such esoteric questions.
8) 23) dialog: Tell me properly. Can you play music?
8) 25) dialog: I'd like to hear it for myself.
8) 27) dialog: How soon? Erik looks away from her questioning eyes.
8) 29) dialog: I'm ready. I'm ready already. They look at each other- he weighs it up.
10) 0) text: HANNA wakes with the sound of the GUNSHOT. She is still holding her mothers photgraph. HANNA pushes the photograph under her mattress and climbs of bed.
11) 0) text: Another GUNSHOT breaks a tree apart. Hanna fires. Another tree breaks apart. She rolls and fires. She rolls and fires. She reloads. And fires. ERIK watching.
12) 0) text: HANNA attacks ERIK. Hand. Knee. Elbow. Fist. He defends easily.
13) 0) text: A medium size log nailed along two pillars of the cabin acts as a chin-up bar. Erik and Hanna do chin-ups. Both are fit. Neither will gi up. ERIK observing HANNA's power. Both have the sense tha he is judging her. HANNA's face fiercely determined.
14) 0) text: ERIK and HANNA sit with their backs to a tree in the huge forest as they breathlessly recover from the exhaustion o the exercise. HANNA speaks fast, reciting.
14) 1) dialog: I live in Leipzig. German city. Population 0.7 Million people. We live at Number 7 Weissingerplatz. I go to school at the Klaus Kohle Gymnasium and my best friends are Rudi Gunter and Clara Schliess. I like literature and sport, in particular tennis and athletics. I have a dog called Trudi.
15) 0) text: HANNA is running, racing ERIK. Fierce determination, almo anger in her eyes. They reach the river and dive in.
16) 0) text: HANNA and ERIK are swimming hard against the current of t fast-flowing river, working at full pelt just to stay sti They swim and swim, their muscles busting, their lungs bursting.
17) 0) text: On the bank, HANNA climbs out. ERIK approaches her but moodily, even angrily, she pushes him away.
17) 1) dialog: I didn't need your help.
19) 0) text: HANNA is asleep. ERIK enters the room. ERIK approaches the bed, and solemnly takes out a pistol aims it at HANNA. He is tense with expectation. Suddenly HANNA bursts from her covers, smashes the pistol from ERIK's hand and smashes him down on to the bed. She grabs the pistol and points it at his face. She is alert, eyes intense, face proud. She speaks quietly.
19) 1) dialog: I'm ready now.
19) 4) dialog: You told me to think for myself. Isn't that what you want? She is angry for the first time. ERIK does not answer. Ju stares at her.
21) 0) text: ERIK and HANNA are racing through the forest. Over this we continue to hear ERIK counting his paces fro the previous scene.
23) 0) text: HANNA comes out of the cabin, rubbing her eyes and yawnin eating a hunk of cold meat. She looks up to see a snow fox staring at her from the tr line. She crouches and holds out what's left of her breakfast. The fox approaches gingerly, delicately.
23) 1) dialog: Hello little foxy... foxy loxy... come on... come and share my breakfast. The fox comes to her and nervously accepts the scrap, withdrawing a few feet to eat it. HANNA shuffles forward carefully and gently pats the snow fox - it is only a cub
24) 0) text: HANNA enters breathless with excitement. ERIK sits pensiv with his back to the door.
24) 1) dialog: Did you see it? Wasn't it beautiful, like thunder. I had to stick my fingers in my ears it was so loud. Did you hear it? She stops, sensing ERIK'S mood.
24) 12) dialog: You're not scaring me. He looks at her disbelievingly. She shakes her head in protest, but simultaneously moves from the switch. He softens towards her.
25) 0) text: HANNA is under the covers again while ERIK reads more fro the encyclopedia.
25) 2) dialog: That's sad. ERIK awkwardly turns the page to change subject.
26) 2) dialog: If you want.
26) 4) dialog: Me?
26) 6) dialog: I'll stay.
27) 0) text: HANNA comes out of the cabin and sits down on a tree trun She sees the snow fox cub but says nothing. It comes over noses around the cabin, but HANNA'S mind is elsewhere.
27) 1) dialog: (whispering to herself) Marissa Wiegler.
28) 0) text: CLOSE ON - the metal box, the switch catches the light fr the door as HANNA enters to confront it. The room is stil and quiet. HANNA approaches the metal box and slowly reaches out her hand.
28) 6) dialog: 
30) 0) text: HANNA tends to boiling pots. She's cooking a feast. ERIK enters. He stamps his feet shedding ice at the door. He walks by the box and sees the little red light flicker on. HANNA sees this and sees him smile, but she knows he' sad.
34) 0) text: HANNA sits in her bed reading her encyclopaedia. ERIK, dressed incongruously in the suit and tie, enters a sits on the edge of her bed. She doesn't look up from her book. His face shows more emotion than we've seen before.
34) 8) dialog: Marissa Weigler.
34) 10) dialog: Postcard.
34) 12) dialog: What?
34) 14) dialog: Wilhelm Grimm's house. Stephanstrasse 260. 10559, Berlin. Germany. ERIK moves a strand of hair from HANNA'S forehead and loo at her with paternal care.
34) 16) dialog: Father... He turns to look at her, both their eyes full of trepidat
34) 18) dialog: I'll see you there.
37) 0) text: HANNA is doing push-ups on her bedroom floor.
39) 0) text: HANNA stops her push-ups, sensing the SPECIAL FORCES approach. She silently springs to her feet and moves to the front o the cabin. She looks out and sees shadows moving among the trees. She turns and presses herself against the wall.
41) 0) text: Through night vision we see the cabin interior. Then the SPECIAL FORCES, dead on the floor. Necks broken. Then find HANNA sitting quietly, looking timid and unsure Just a little girl, her eyes shining in the dark.
43) 1) text: A cement box. HANNA lies on a small bed. Not moving. Two American voices.
44) 0) text: HANNA lies on the cot. She's been cleaned up and is weari an army regulation jump suit. The metal door drags open. Doctor, BURTON, closes the door behind him. He walks up t HANNA.
44) 8) dialog: I was told by my father to gain the upper hand.
44) 10) dialog: Where am I?
44) 12) dialog: I see.
44) 15) dialog: Is that a camera?
44) 17) dialog: Camera obscura, it's Latin for "dark chamber".
45) 0) text: LEWIS sits with the MONITOR, watching HANNA watching him.
46) 0) text: MARISSA, alone in a Langley OBS ROOM. No one else there. at night in America. Something secret about Marissa here. On the screen she sees HANNA in the Interrogation Room. H screen tells she is watching CAMP G - Interrogation Room MARISSA watches HANNA intently.
46) 1) dialog: It was first described by the Arabic scientist Ibn Alhazen in the year 1021.
47) 0) text: MARISSA stares at her screen, at the blank face of the fourteen year old HANNA. Focus in on MARISSA's face as sh studies this strange young woman. The sense that MARISSA knows more about this girl than she is letting on. On the screen BURTON continues to probe.
48) 0) text: HANNA leans forward. Looks at BURTON, who encourages her his eyes. She whispers.
48) 1) dialog: I want to speak to Marissa Wiegler.
51) 0) text: HANNA is sitting on her cot with her back against the wal A metal door drags open. A pair of smart female shoes enter the room, accompanied the military boots of two guards.
54) 0) text: HANNA stares at FALSE MARISSA awaiting an answer.
54) 2) dialog: Where did you meet him? The false MARISSA pauses.
56) 0) text: FALSE MARISSA pauses looking at HANNA. We see that she ha tiny microphone in her ear.
60) 0) text: The FALSE MARISSA tentatively takes HANNA in her arms.
61) 0) text: MARISSA watches this strange image of her false self hugg this young girl. HANNA begins to weep more and more, burrowing her face into the FALSE MARISSA. On the CCTV we hear.
62) 0) text: HANNA clutching on to FALSE MARISSA, nestles close, weepi
64) 0) text: Burton comes rushing down the corridor filling a syringe he goes. He arrives at HANNA'S door.
65) 0) text: Hanna hugs, weeping, on to the FALSE MARISSA. BURTON hear the instruction to abort but too late... ...as suddenly and with total efficiency HANNA SNAPS the FALSE MARISSA's neck.
66) 0) text: MARISSA stares in shock as her false self slumps dead to floor. Then she watches as HANNA grabs the first GUARDS handgun from his holster and fires two rounds into Burton skull. And two more into the first GUARD's chest.
68) 0) text: MARISSA watches HANNA aim straight at camera. HANNA'S fie eyes looking at her, MARISSA cant help but pull away from screen. HANNA fires and the screen goes blank.
69) 0) text: LEWIS watches as, one after another, his camera's go down But still there's no sign of HANNA.
71) 0) text: She finds herself in the specialist Military DNA Laborato The MILITARY DOCTORS stare at her. One of them reaches fo alarm but HANNA is too fast. She flies across the desk an smashing a glass test tube, she cuts the doctor's neck, t turns and does the same to the other one. HANNA looks round, trying to find a way out. Then she see something on the desk. It is a file with a photo of herse clipped to it and a collection of papers - she scans it a reads in several places the letters “DNA.” But before she has time to read properly, she hears a fem voice from outside the lab.
72) 0) text: HANNA, runs along the corridor. She has in her hands the results which she scrunches up and jams into a pocket.
73) 0) text: HANNA eyes the vent above her. She peers around a corner her only other route of escape and sees:
74) 0) text: MILITARY PERSONNEL reach the intersection close to HANNA spread out, all going in different directions but none co towards her.
78) 0) text: HANNA is sweating, exhausted, blinking in the darkness, trying to make out what the light source is. The gradient has got steeper and she starts to slide backwards on the smooth metal surface. She digs her finge into the rivets joining the plates of stainless steel, tr to get a purchase. She summons the last of her strength and reaches a crest. rests a moment, then hauls herself over the crest and immediately starts sliding... she tumbles, gathering pace falling down a long chute into the blackness. She has no where she is or what's happening, but she's covering a lo ground.
79) 0) text: BLAZING SUN - HANNA's pale face appears, eyes crinkled sh Wider - HANNA emerges from a hole in the ground in the mi of a sandblasted desert and slams the cover closed. Total silence now, except for the whistle of the wind on sand. takes her eyes a moment to adjust to the blinding light. Blearily she looks out across this alien environment. After a moment her ears prick up. She turns just in time see a column of Military Jeeps rise over a sand dune in t distance behind her. The jeeps are crawling straight towa her, ominously shimmering in the desert heat. She quickly ducks back down into her rabbit hole and waits.
80) 0) text: In the middle of the desert the soldiers convene, looking HANNA. A military truck is stationery. Nothing around for miles. We hear a military voice on a radio.
81) 0) text: The truck moves off a short distance and stops again. Meanwhile a large convoy of Military Vehicles passes righ over HANNA. When it has past she sees the first vehicle crawling to a halt right near the hole - just yards away. One of the MILITARY PERSONNEL in the jeep gets out and go over to the hole, lifts the lid, inspects the darkness. The Truck radio is on and we hear the voice.
85) 0) text: The sun has dipped a little now, the shadows of the dunes longer, but the heat is still intense. HANNA's throat is parched by the dry heat, her pale eyes scorched by the angry sun. She walks purposefully but wit growing awareness of her tiny scale in this seemingly end sea of sand. She has no conception of this landscape, no where she might be.
85) 1) dialog: 
85) 16) dialog: Hanna.
85) 23) dialog: I live in Leipzig. German city. Population 0.7 Million people. We live at Number 7 Weissingerplatz. I go to school at the Klaus Kohle Gymnasium and my best friends are Rudi Gunter and Clara Schliess. I like literature and sport, in particular tennis and athletics.
85) 26) dialog: I also have a dog called Trudi.
85) 33) dialog: No. I prefer to walk.
87) 0) text: HANNA walking along the side of a tarmac desert road, approaching a dusty oasis town. HANNA enters the outskirts, teaming with scooters, trucks taxis, mules and goats. The impact knocks HANNA backwards assailed by the smells of dried fruit, meat tagines, cous cooking at market stalls, fresh fish and meat, still bloo and twitching, hanging in the sun for the flies. She list to the babble of Arabic, her ears, nose and eyes sensitiv every conversation and twitch of life. It all overpowerin exotic and visceral to her. An old broken-backed woman inches her way to market. HANN stares at her in astonishment. Her wrinkled skin. She eyes the abundance of animals - animals she's never s before in her life: Chickens. Goats. A camel, which Hanna finds bizarre and hilarious.
88) 0) text: HANNA finds a stall with simple cotton clothing. She choo some cheap clothes and unseen goes around the back of the stall. She changes out of her ragged old clothes into her clothes. HANNA sees MILES running through the crowds carrying a ba cherries. She follows him a little way, onto a busy street with hot and cheap jewellery stores. He runs up the steps and enters a small mid-range hotel. HANNA looks up at the hotel, then enters.
89) 0) text: HANNA stands at the reception desk. A kindly looking HOTE OWNER is eating a jammy biscuit. He's a little confused b HANNA.
89) 7) dialog: Are you Arab?
89) 9) dialog: Morocco. Capital city Rabat. Places of interest. Marrakesh. Essouaira. Religion Islam. Language Arabic (in Arabic w/ English
89) 13) dialog: (in Arabic w/ English
89) 17) dialog: (in Arabic w/ English
90) 0) text: The HOTEL OWNER leads HANNA into a simple whitewashed hot room with twin beds. They speak in Arabic with English subtitles.
90) 2) dialog: Thank you. HANNA stares at the light switch.
90) 10) dialog: It's electricity? The HOTEL OWNER looks at HANNA askance.
90) 12) dialog: I know a little bit about electricity. They say Edison discovered it, or was it Franklin?
90) 15) dialog: What is it?
90) 18) dialog: The forest. The HOTEL OWNER smiles, himself a little puzzled by this strange encounter, and leaves. She just sits there staring at the TV as it's volume seem increase. Meanwhile the electric kettle begins to boil. Steam pours from its spout and the whole contraption starts to rattle violently.
91) 0) text: Silence as HANNA sits on the corridor floor catching her breath. A little way down the corridor MILES and SOPHIE emerge fr their bedroom.
91) 14) dialog: I'm thirsty.
92) 0) text: HANNA is sitting at a table with the FAMILY who are all eating falafel while HANNA eats meat. SOPHIE and MILES parents, RACHEL and SEB, have some difficulty relating to their daughters attitudes. They be to a generation of counter cultural radicals whose priori have, over the past decade, shifted and they're now tryin assimilate into mainstream society whilst still holding o their ideals of autonomy and social liberation. SOPHIE is describing a recent cultural phenomenon while s picks at her food.
92) 13) dialog: I don't think so.
92) 17) dialog: My father encourages me to be independent.
92) 19) dialog: She's dead.
92) 27) dialog: People die.
92) 29) dialog: Three bullets.
93) 0) text: HANNA arrives back at the hotel with RACHEL, SEB, MILES a SOPHIE. MILES is sleepy and SOPHIE a little grumpy.
93) 11) dialog: Good night. But the family are too wrapped up in their discussion to notice her.
94) 0) text: The TV flickers illuminating HANNA as she sits on her bed looking at the DNA report folded up into a tight wad. She smooths it out and reads. The test reads: HANNA HELLER - “SGM + test results. Interfering sequence present. Abnormal. B sample confirms
94) 2) dialog: 
96) 0) text: HANNA appears in the blue morning light and stalks around car park looking for the family van. When she finds it, she tries the doors but they're locked She tries the back door but that's also locked. She gets her foot onto a wheel and another foot onto a doorhandle and climbs up onto the roof.
98) 0) text: HANNA searches the tiny office until she finds a crowbar.
99) 0) text: A busy bustling ferry-port, cars in both directions. ISAACS looks round, makes silent contact with other men. men. Four of them dotted around the ferryport. ISAACS approaches a BORDER GUARD. The GUARD is looking at photocopied photo of HANNA from her holding cell. The GUA pockets the photocopy as ISAACS passes him a wad of cash.
103) 0) text: Inside, the van is as the family left it, but the bench s around the breakfast table are disturbed. One has been op out, the lid taken off, the mattress strewn on the floor inside is a big storage space where HANNA has evidently hidden... The crowbar has been discarded there. HANNA is trying to get out. She tries the back door but i locked. She climbs over the seats and climbs into the front cabin the driver's seat. She finds a lock on the door and unloc She climbs out.
104) 0) text: HANNA walks out on deck and sees the sea, the sight of it takes her breath away. She walks to the railings and look over the edge. Then up at the seagulls following the boat A little way off the FAMILY are sitting eating ice-creams SOPHIE lies out on a bench sunning herself.
104) 18) dialog: Did you know that 71 percent of the earths surface is covered in water?
104) 24) dialog: I'm fine.
105) 0) text: ISAACS searches the upper deck. Through the bar on the ot side of the ferry he sees one of his men searching the opposite deck. A CHILD knocks into ISAACS and the few photocopied photographs he has of HANNA fall from his pocket and are blown along the deck. ISAACS scrambles to pick-up the photocopies.
106) 0) text: HANNA and SOPHIE are still standing at the railings. SOPH offers HANNA some of her ice-cream.
106) 2) dialog: Please. She tries it.
106) 10) dialog: Yes.
106) 12) dialog: No. I won. HANNA studies the sea.
107) 0) text: MILES is sitting in the driver's seat, pretending to driv the stationary van. Through the windscreen, RACHEL and SEB can be seen having heated discussion. In the back, HANNA is changing into some of SOPHIE'S clot
107) 2) dialog: Am I?
107) 4) dialog: I'm not a man. SOPHIE laughs even more. The door swings open and SEB is standing there with RACHE nervous but determined.
109) 0) text: Cars are revving up, manoeuvring and getting ready to disembark. RACHEL is at the drivers wheel while SEB is in the back stripping the cushions from the bench seats to prepare a place for HANNA to hide. HANNA waits, breath bated, her arm round SOPHIE's shoulde On the far side she sees ISAACS enter the deck. She watch him carefully and decides he must be looking for her. She ducks down a little further. RACHEL, looking nervous, turns to HANNA.
109) 2) dialog: Yes yes I'm ready! ISAACS is getting closer, walking between the cars. The f gates are open and the noise subsides. SEB discovers the crowbar, examines it.
112) 0) text: HANNA stares out at the changing light in the rugged landscape. Hills are emerging and the land is turning green in the g evening light. HANNA watches RACHEL unscrew the cap of a water bottle an brings it to SEB'S mouth while he drives. SEB laughs as a little water spills down his front. SOPHIE is listening to an iPOD. HANNA looks at her. SOPHI takes one earphone out of her own ear and puts it in HANN
114) 0) text: ISAACS is studying CC TV footage of the ferry. He views a number of scenes with no luck until he notices: The car deck - HANNA and SOPHIE weaving through the cars boarding the van.
115) 0) text: HANNA rests her head on SOPHIE'S shoulder and relaxes for first time. MILES relaxes his head on HANNA's shoulder an they stare at the huge, granite mountain range... She starts to nod off... she falls asleep on SOPHIE's shoulder.
117) 0) text: The campsite is heaving with humanity, thousands of EUROP CAMPERS who have turned the site into what amounts to a shanty town - a small city with its own shops, drainage, borders and rules. Families come here from cities across Europe and bring their whole lives with them. The LYALL FAMILY van is squeezed in between a GERMAN fami walking around in skimpy swimming costumes - and a seriou looking FRENCH family with quad bikes. SOPHIE, MILES and HANNA stare at the other families a mom GERMAN CAMPER. Guten tag.
117) 1) dialog: Guten Morgen. GERMAN CAMPER. Wie geht es Ihnen?
117) 2) dialog: Gutm und Ihnen? GERMAN CAMPER. Jah, gut, gut... A FRENCH CAMPER nods at them. FRENCH CAMPER. Bonjour. Ca va?
117) 3) dialog: Ca va. Oui. Bien... HANNA starts efficiently helping SEB erect the children's tent. He's watches impressed as HANNA expertly ties complicated knots. RACHEL and MILES start blowing up two inflatable mattress
118) 0) text: HANNA turns a display unit of postcards. Through the window she can see SOPHIE talking to TWO TEEN BOYS. One of the boys enters the shop. He looks at HANNA as he passes and smiles. This is FELICIANO. He is handsome. HAN not used to this feeling of being looked at. While the SHOP ASSISTANT serves FELICIANO HANNA pockets a postcard and a book of stamps.
119) 0) text: HANNA sits on a low wall writing her postcard: ‘Mission accomplished' HANNA gets up and posts the card.
120) 0) text: RACHEL and HANNA are walking in the woods together. Above them the evening chorus is in full song.
121) 3) dialog: Food. SOPHIE lets out a shriek of nervous laughter, while SEB a RACHEL are confused as to what the appropriate reaction m be.
122) 0) text: The girls are hiding out in the Ladies Room as SOPHIE doe HANNA'S make-up.
122) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
122) 4) dialog: It's like paint.
123) 0) text: SOPHIE and HANNA sneak through the campsite together and secretly between the parked cars. HANNA is dressed in som SOPHIE's clothes and has the make-up on. They are excited SOPHIE alive with the thrill of disobedience.
123) 1) dialog: I can't walk in this.
123) 3) dialog: Where are we going?
123) 5) dialog: I shouldn't take unnecessary risks.
124) 0) text: A loud out door rave in a Roman amphitheatre. SOPHIE and HANNA stand at the top of the amphitheatre loo down on the thrilling spectacle, soaking up the bass, the abstract sounds, the sheer volume, the pulsing lights and electric atmosphere - HANNA is thrilled and startled. Many of the crowd seem to be wearing fancy dress. HANNA stares at a girl dressed as a red ladybird.
124) 9) dialog: What do they call this music?
124) 27) dialog: Will you teach me to do dancing?
124) 32) dialog: How can you tell?
124) 52) dialog: Are we going to kiss now?
124) 54) dialog: Kissing requires a total of thirty- four facial muscles. Their lips are almost touching.
124) 59) dialog: Should I let him go?
124) 66) dialog: I'm going to go now.
124) 68) dialog: It was nice. And she's gone, pulling SOPHIE away through the crowd. ISAACS jumps into action. But he's lost sight of the girl among the mass of dancing bodies. HANNA and SOPHIE move quickly through the crowds towards exit.
124) 70) dialog: My father taught me. They escape through a hole in the perimeter fence.
126) 0) text: HANNA and SOPHIE lie next to each other in sleeping bags a torch between them.
126) 2) dialog: No.
126) 5) dialog: Yes?
126) 7) dialog: Leipzig, I live in Leipzig - SOPHIE looses her patience.
126) 9) dialog: Are we friends?
126) 11) dialog: I'd like to have a friend.
126) 18) dialog: I like you too. I really do. But there are things I can't tell you. Do you understand?
126) 20) dialog: There are people that want to harm me. Bad people.
126) 22) dialog: And they wont stop.
126) 24) dialog: So for your own safety... HANNA looks into SOPHIE'S eyes.
126) 27) dialog: That's just it. Neither do I. She reaches into her bag. Brings out the DNA report. Show to Sophie. They read. Interfering Sequence. Abnormal.
126) 29) dialog: I think it's about me. DNA is kind of how we're made I think. I mean who we are. They look at it.
126) 31) dialog: I'm going to Berlin. I have to meet my father at the house of Wilhelm Grimm.
126) 38) dialog: That's right. SOPHIE sighs at HANNA.
126) 40) dialog: Did I say the wrong thing again? SOPHIE looks at HANNA, sees she's vulnerable. She takes a bracelet off her own wrist. Gives it to her.
126) 43) dialog: Thank you. HANNA stares at the ceiling, looks over at SOPHIE who's starting to sleep. HANNA reaches out and touches her hair Beside them, separated by a thin piece of fabric, we see MILES has woken and has been listening in the darkness.
129) 6) dialog: How long until you drop me off?
136) 0) text: RACHEL is driving, while HANNA rides in the front seat keeping her entertained.
136) 1) dialog: ...they can live at freezing temperatures for up to nine months without food. Imagine that, nine months.
136) 3) dialog: I read it in my Encyclopaedia. HANNA is looking in the side view mirror. She sees ISAACS and frowns, she's seen it before.
136) 6) dialog: I think so. But HANNA'S face betrays her concern.
141) 0) text: HANNA sits beside her in the passenger seat, her anxiety growing. RACHEL is still at the wheel, watching the bright headlig behind.
141) 3) dialog: No, don't.
141) 14) dialog: I think you should stay where you are, Sophie. HANNA doesn't take her eyes off the mirror. She can see t silhouettes of ISAACS and his MEN. They don't move and neither does HANNA. Both are waiting for the other to mak the first move.
141) 16) dialog: Please.
141) 20) dialog: I'm sorry. But you really mustn't get out of the van. HANNA climbs into the back of the van and comes very clos SOPHIE.
141) 30) dialog: 
142) 0) text: HANNA sprints across hard tarmac heading for the relative safety of the container park. ISAACS and his HENCHMAN follow at speed. HANNA enters a dark gully between two enormous containers ISAACS slips around the other side to block her off. He signals to the HENCHMAN to loop around and flank HANNA. HANNA moves quietly between the containers, turning this and that. ISAACS voice comes echoing through the maze.
143) 0) text: HANNA sprints full tilt out of the container park and thr a scrap metal yard. Either side of her rise mountains of waste. HANNA reaches the edge of an industrial canal from where scrap metal is unloaded.
145) 0) text: HANNA watches as the sun rises over the misty fields eith side be the canal. It's a beautiful sight. HANNA is stran peaceful.
147) 0) text: HANNA'S sits on the prow of the barge as it makes it's sl progress into Berlin.
148) 0) text: HANNA wanders through the skyscrapers and glass construct of Berlin. People swarm around her but pay her no mind.
149) 0) text: HANNA is riding a tram to the outskirts of town.
150) 0) text: HANNA walks beside a wire mesh fence that separates her f an abandoned amusement park. Behind her is an enormous st works from which great industrial plumes of steam rise. HANNA climbs under the fence and walks through this surre playground long since reclaimed by nature. There are huge fibreglass dinosaurs toppled over with heads missing and abandoned dinosaur legs. Rising above the park, surrounde a muddy moat, is the big wheel now standing at a vertigin angle. In front of the big wheel is the WILHELM GRIMM HOU The house is a Grimm Brothers fairytale theme ‘Fun Hous It's windows long since shuttered, vines growing through roof. HANNA stands in front of the house in deep anticipation. walks up the small steps that lead to the front door and knocks. She waits, heart sinking at the thought of there being no-one home. Then, ever so slightly the door opens peering out at her is a man with the sad face of an out o work clown.
150) 2) dialog: Are you Wilhelm Grimm?
151) 4) dialog: What happened to it?
151) 6) dialog: It's beautiful.
151) 8) dialog: Have you heard from him? He nods.
152) 0) text: HANNA follows KNEPFLER into the kitchen.
152) 3) dialog: Please. HANNA takes an egg, breaks it and swallows it raw. KNEPFLER smiles. He gives her a buff envelope. She looks inside - some money, a passport, ID cards.
152) 5) dialog: I don't really understand.
152) 8) dialog: Do I have to?
152) 15) dialog: I don't know. I miss the forest. I miss my home.
152) 17) dialog: I suppose. She drinks her water, thinking.
152) 20) dialog: What was she like?
152) 22) dialog: Yes...
152) 24) dialog: It's him.
154) 0) text: KNEPFLER points HANNA towards a set of stairs that lead u from the reception.
155) 0) text: HANNA enters a room that's been designed to look like Grandma's bedroom from Little Red Riding Hood. HANNA hurriedly slides under the bed. Breathing as quietl she can. She can hear the sound of ISAAC'S MEN starting to spread through the house.
157) 0) text: The sound of KNEPFLER being escorted into a next-door roo the door shutting. The sound of footsteps coming into the room. HANNA silent under the bed. MARISSA'S GREEN SHOES a in sight, nothing else. The green shoes come close and HANNA feels the mattress compress as MARISSA sits on the bed. She looks at the sho as she hears her call.
158) 0) text: HANNA lands having jumped from the window. She looks around quickly. Then, out of sight from the car the front of the house, she runs for dear life.
159) 0) text: HANNA walking fast, in total shock and confusion. Who is She walks head down, determined not to be seen. Not knowi where she is going. Her world turned upside down. She see internet cafe. Ducks into it.
160) 0) text: HANNA sits down at a computer. The young OWNER comes up t her.
160) 2) dialog: How much?
160) 4) dialog: How does it work?
160) 6) dialog: No. He smiles in amazement and logs on for her. The owner bri up a search engine.
162) 0) text: HANNA sits at the computer, looking at the screen breathl with tension. Phrases from the text leap out at her. “An interfering sequence within the DNA” , “intervention to the mothe uterus during pregnancy.” HANNA stands in shock. She reads again. “Intervention t mother's uterus” HANNA deletes the page. Sits in shock. Then writes in her mother's name. JOHANNA ZADEK. Immediately the article about JOHANNA's death comes up. H stares at it. She reads it. No mention of a child. There an address for Johanna Zadek. She came from the Heizinger Buildings area in the suburbs of East Berlin. HANNA write down. Gets up and leaves.
163) 0) text: HANNA sits in the back of a taxi as it takes her into a g concrete jungle of old East German housing projects. HANNA looks at the thousands of tiny windows, so many liv being lived in unawareness. Is this normality? Is this th world she longed to be a part of?
166) 0) text: HANNA knocks at the door of number 14, waits, knocks agai louder. No reply. A door further along opens. Kurdish music pours out. A KURDISH WOMAN wrapped in shawls emerges pushing a pram. S followed by her two other CHILDREN.
166) 1) dialog: (In German w/ English
167) 0) text: HANNA climbs through the broken glass into the kitchen. T air is thick with the buzz of Bluebottle flies. HANNA sees the photograph of JOANNA. With some trepidatio she moves round the kitchen table and sees the body of KA ZADEK. The back of KATRIN'S head is blown clean away. The flies have laid their eggs in the bloody mess of her brai that spreads across the cheap lino floor. HANNA steps back and gags. She backs out of the kitchen and into the hall. Turns and goes through into the lounge. The lounge has been over thrown. Cushions ripped, shelvin pulled down. HANNA stares at the destruction wrought by MARISSA'S hunt for information. HANNA turns, walks back down the hall and passes a door t tiny second bedroom. She stops and enters. The room had been turned into a home office, there are newspaper clippings relating to JOANNA'S MURDER and photographs of JOANNA herself covering every available wa space. A testament to KATRIN'S unremitting search for the truth behind her daughters murder. HANNA begins to search the room for clues. Anything that help her understand who she is and where she came from. Then suddenly she hears a quiet familiar voice.
167) 4) dialog: Are you my father?
167) 11) dialog: Are you my father?
167) 13) dialog: Are you? Moment of electric silence between them. ERIK does nothin but she knows the answer is no.
167) 15) dialog: What's wrong with me? ERIK flinches slightly.
167) 17) dialog: Where was I born? ERIK knows he has to tell the truth.
167) 19) dialog: What's that?
167) 21) dialog: What kind of research?
167) 32) dialog: How did you know about it? ERIK's stares right at her.
167) 37) dialog: Disposed of?
167) 45) dialog: Keep away from me. ERIK approaches her. With real conviction.
167) 47) dialog: You mean I'm a killer?
167) 49) dialog: Don't touch me.
167) 52) dialog: Let me go. He releases her. She goes to the door.
167) 54) dialog: You didn't prepare me for this. And her look is so full of pain that in that moment ERIK knows he has done a terrible wrong. She starts to leave d the fire escape. ERIK calls after her.
168) 0) text: MARISSA's car is a about to turn the corner and bump stra into HANNA when suddenly... MARISSA sees ERIK leaving the front of the apartment bloc She speaks to ISAACS.
170) 0) text: HANNA is walking fast across the grim grey estate to a ma road.
172) 0) text: CLOSE ON - HANNA continuing to walk away. She hears a single gun shot. Stops dead. Knows what it me An intense conflict of emotions inside her. Her breathing stops for a moment, her world seems to go silent. Then a car flies by on the main road, almost running her over, and she is woken. She sees a bus stop ahead. On aut pilot she runs to it, a bus coming, she beckons. It stops she is on board.
174) 0) text: HANNA on the bus. Shaking from the shock of his death, bloodied slightly from the fight. The other passengers st at her as she forces back the tears. HANNA reaches in her pocket for a handkerchief, but only pulls out the letter showed her. The Galinka letter. She sees the address. Galinka, Ostrovska district, Poland. HANNA makes a decision. She is going back to where she wa born. She must find out who she is.
176) 0) text: HANNA's head rests on the backrest of a train-seat as the train crawls through the Polish/German border. Exhausted, many nights without sleep. Hungry but unable to eat. Need resolution. In the same carriage a Polish woman sleeps alongside her child of two, also sleeping. HANNA looks at the child. Th peace of the innocent.
177) 0) text: The train entering a Polish train station. The town is ca Ostrovska. Freezing cold. The town is in the North of Pol and it's very poor. Industrial. Bleak. HANNA exits, approaches a station guard.
177) 6) dialog: I am looking for a train to Galinka.
177) 8) dialog: Where can I stay? He points. HANNA sees the hotel.
178) 0) text: HANNA enters the tiny, dank hotel room. She looks at the filthy carpet, the grey ceiling. She turns on the tiny TV Cartoons. Tom and Jerry type stuff. But she doesn't laugh She flicks channel. Then stands dead still. She is lookin ERIK HELLER's dead body on the ground. The report depicts as a dangerous criminal. HANNA stares at the image. The d of the man she spent her life with. Lost forever. HANNA's face oddly still in the TV flicker. Then she flicks it of Leaves the room.
179) 0) text: HANNA, exhausted, sleepless and starving, comes down the shabby hotel stairs and enters the hotel bar. Grim. Empty room, old carpet, bad smell, dated pop music. Three hard- drinking men stare at her, making her uncomfortable as sh goes to the bar. A forty-five year old BUSINESSMAN stands there, drinking.
179) 1) dialog: Do you have a sandwich?
179) 11) dialog: The same.
179) 14) dialog: I am tired. I need to sleep. She leaves the bar. HANNA walks back up the stairs. BUSINESSMAN follows.
180) 0) text: Shaking in shock, HANNAH walks out of the hotel and down street, in a daze, no idea where she is going. She starts run, faster and faster, just running to run out of hersel Finally she stops and is sick. She looks up. A taxi's yel light blinks in the darkness. She looks at the businessma wallet to see how much money is in there. She approaches taxi.
180) 1) dialog: I have this much. Can you take me to Galinka?
181) 0) text: HANNA is in the taxi as it travels a lonely Polish forest road through undulating snow-covered hills. Cold dawn is arriving. Grey skies lightening through the windscreen. T snowy pines tower above the car. No one else on the road, just a horse drawn cart guiding cows to pasture. It is as from a different age. Quiet, solitary. HANNA checks the paper in her pocket. Still there. Blood on her hands from businessman. A cut in her arm. Carefully, secretly, she w it clean. Suddenly the taxi stops.
181) 2) dialog: How much further?
181) 4) dialog: Please. But no smile from him, nothing. HANNA gets out. Starts to walk as the taxi turns and drives back the way it came.
182) 0) text: MARISSA starts to drive, HANNA sits in the front with her HANNA has no idea who she is. MARISSA speaks in perfect German. Calm, soft, comforting.
182) 2) dialog: I was born there. But I've never really seen it. Why are you going?
182) 10) dialog: Yes...
182) 12) dialog: It's okay. MARISSA hands her some tissue. HANNA bandages the arm.
182) 14) dialog: You're not German. Are you American?
182) 17) dialog: Sorry.
182) 20) dialog: (though her tears) I don't know what to do. Nothing is what I thought it would be. It's... ugly and cruel and I don't know where to go, or... I'm stupid. I don't know what I expected... MARISSA secretly, genuinely affected by this. Fights the emotion that has surprised her. Human warmth.
182) 27) dialog: I like music.
184) 0) text: MARISSA looks at the sleeping HANNA. MARISSA represses he gathering emotion. HANNA suddenly looking so young as she sleeps the sleep of the innocent. The rush of emotion sho her - she is watching HANNA, not the road - and she veers off, nearly crashing the car, narrowly avoiding a tree. S puts her foot sharply on the brake. She's wearing the sam GREEN SHOES as she wore at Wilhelm's House. HANNA is jolted awake.
184) 1) dialog: Where are we? MARISSA calms herself instantly.
186) 0) text: HANNA looks around. There is not much to Galinka. She is confused.
186) 6) dialog: It's so small.
186) 8) dialog: Thank you for the ride. You're very kind.
186) 12) dialog: Thank you. She gets out and shuts the door behind her.
187) 0) text: HANNA looks around at the grey desolation, rural poverty, ends of the earth. In the car MARISSA stares at her, then drives off. HANNA walks through the trees along a track. Overgrown, n used for many years. She reaches a hidden entrance off the track. By the entra there is an old battered sign. GALINKA. HANNA looks at th old iron gate. Rusted, locked. It has not been opened in long time. She stares at the sign, tries the gate - yes, locked. The she climbs the gate. She nearly tears her clothes on the spikes at the top of the gate, then leaps over and, exhausted, four days without real sleep, begins to walk u the narrow tree-lined driveway.
188) 0) text: HANNA approaches the gaping mouth of an underground bunke She stops, looks down at the torch in her hand, switches on and walks into the darkness.
189) 0) text: With only the torch light to see by HANNA treads warily deeper into the tunnels as, behind her, the small apertur daylight recedes slowly to nothing. The tunnels seem to stretch on for miles ahead of her. HANNA reaches a junction where four tunnels meet. She shi her torch down each tunnel, trying to decide which way to She stops when she sees, a little way down one of the tunnels, a child's forgotten shoe. HANNA steps forward and shines her torch down at the tiny shoe, its buckle rusted. She walks on into the dark. HANNA finds a door which she pushes at. The door is stiff but HANNA uses her full weight and soon she's made enough a gap to squeeze through.
190) 0) text: At first HANNA has difficulty making out where she is, bu dotted here and there are parts of an old nursery. The wa are painted with a blue sky, clouds and the figures of children holding hands. She begins to remember as, from a distant place, she hear the sound of children laughing. She shines her torch in t direction of the laughter and catches a glimpse of a chil dressed in a party frock and hat, playing hide and seek. shines her torch the other way, and there's another, then third and a fourth. For a moment the room seems to be fil with laughing children. Then, in an instant, they're gone again and silence retur HANNA, lit only be the reflected light of her torch, know she has been here before. She walks on through the tunnels.
191) 0) text: HANNA enters a long hall which was once the children's dormitory.
191) 9) dialog: You're Marissa Wiegler. HANNA starts to shake. MARISSA has her gun pointing at HANNA but her expression the same sunny, uncomplicated smile as earlier. Dead sile HANNA breathing fast. MARISSA speaks in English.
191) 18) dialog: Where are the other children? She looks at MARISSA, who waits, then answers quietly.
191) 20) dialog: I don't believe you.
191) 22) dialog: You killed my mother.
192) 0) text: HANNA running through the darkness. Behind her ISAACS and HENCHMEN come after her. ISAACS carries a large heavy tor as does one of the HENCHMEN. The other HENCHMEN all have night vision on their rifles. HANNA crouches down, she sniffs the air, can smell them coming. A HENCHMAN treads carefully down the tunnel. We see his p of view through his night vision sight, just the dark tun stretching on. Like a ghost HANNA'S face appears up close, her eyes a pe white. She slams the gun back in the HENCHMAN'S face. Still in night vision we see the fight, quick and hard. T flash of a single bullet illuminates his death. Silence once more. HANNA now has the first HENCHMAN'S rifle. From around the corner into the next tunnel she hears the sound of feet on dirt. She presses herself against the tunnel, waits listening, hears the feet again and in one movement raises the rifle and spins round the corner. Through her night vision sight she sees a deer, scared ey staring back at her. She releases her grip on the trigger and the deer scamper into the darkness.
193) 0) text: HANNA comes into the old laboratory. Through her night vi sights we see the white tiles and smashed equipment. She senses someone coming after her and ducks behind a la bench. A HENCHMAN enters the lab carrying a hand gun and a small torch. His footsteps make a crunching sound as he steps through the broken glass that litters the floor. HANNA rises from her hiding place and stands straight int the torch light.
194) 0) text: ISAACS, unnerved, presses himself against the wall of the tunnel. He feels something at his legs. Points his torch find the deer pulling at his trouser leg. He shoots it. T runs further down into the tunnel. Alerted by the sound of ISAACS' shot HANNA starts to purs her prey.
195) 0) text: ISAACS is back in the dormitory. With torch in hand he searches under the beds. Behind him he hears HANNA enter. switches off his torch and crawls under a bed. HANNA walks slowly between the beds. Under the bed ISAACS preparing to fire, now watching her feet. Suddenly the bed he's under is lifted straight up in the and off him - HANNA has summoned enormous strength and is clutching the end of the bed. He fires, hits nothing and lets go - the bed comes crashing down on him again. His torch rolls away. His arms are trapped under the bed, he's unable to move. With all his might ISAACS pushes at the bed and lifts it himself. They fight. HANNA picks up the torch and slams the torch across his temple. She grabs him by the hair and smashes his head repeatedly into the floor - BAM - BAM - BAM - BAM - BAM. Silence - he's dead.
195) 7) dialog: No more. No more. Tears are streaming down her face as she reaches sight of tunnel mouth and the daylight beyond. Standing in silhoue is MARISSA. HANNA slows her pace and stops when she can s the white of MARISSA'S eyes and the finger on MARISSA'S trigger. MARISSA raises the gun and aims at HANNA - but HANNA come forward again, walking calmly towards her. She stops and drops her gun to the ground.
195) 10) dialog: No. I don't want that. HANNA turns her back on MARISSA and starts to walks in th opposite direction. MARISSA watches her walk away. HANNA walks waiting for the shot to come.