91) 18) dialog: I didn't think they let women in here.
91) 21) dialog: You have.
91) 28) dialog: You want a drink?
91) 31) dialog: You don't say.
91) 33) dialog: Wow. All grown up.
91) 35) dialog: Did she turn out like you hoped?
91) 37) dialog: Isn't it always the way?
91) 39) dialog: You bring them into this world, teach them how to kill and maim... and then they turn against you.
91) 41) dialog: No, it's better than that. You bred her from a test tube. MARISSA turns to the BARMAN and signals for a round of th scotches, “Two of these...”
91) 48) dialog: Just get her sectioned or something.
91) 51) dialog: I'll need funds. MARISSA slides an envelope of bills across the table.
99) 0) text: A busy bustling ferry-port, cars in both directions. ISAACS looks round, makes silent contact with other men. men. Four of them dotted around the ferryport. ISAACS approaches a BORDER GUARD. The GUARD is looking at photocopied photo of HANNA from her holding cell. The GUA pockets the photocopy as ISAACS passes him a wad of cash.
101) 0) text: ISAACS watches closely every car that approaches the ferr from behind his dark glasses. He sees the FAMILY have joined a cue of vehicles and are having their papers checked. Then they're waved on board. scrutinises them but has no reason to suspect anything.
105) 0) text: ISAACS searches the upper deck. Through the bar on the ot side of the ferry he sees one of his men searching the opposite deck. A CHILD knocks into ISAACS and the few photocopied photographs he has of HANNA fall from his pocket and are blown along the deck. ISAACS scrambles to pick-up the photocopies.
109) 0) text: Cars are revving up, manoeuvring and getting ready to disembark. RACHEL is at the drivers wheel while SEB is in the back stripping the cushions from the bench seats to prepare a place for HANNA to hide. HANNA waits, breath bated, her arm round SOPHIE's shoulde On the far side she sees ISAACS enter the deck. She watch him carefully and decides he must be looking for her. She ducks down a little further. RACHEL, looking nervous, turns to HANNA.
113) 0) text: ISAACS shows fake ID to the ferry's frowning SECURITY OFFICER, who doesn't appreciate the unsolicited approach.
113) 1) dialog: Sir, I'll be as brief as I can, we have a situation here...
114) 0) text: ISAACS is studying CC TV footage of the ferry. He views a number of scenes with no luck until he notices: The car deck - HANNA and SOPHIE weaving through the cars boarding the van.
124) 12) dialog: What you got?
124) 22) dialog: Ssh.
130) 0) text: The FAMILY van passes through the campsite gates to revea ISAACS coming out of the reception hut. He sees the van, recognises it. He sees the kids in the b Bingo. He runs to a black BMW where two of his HENCHMEN a waiting for him.
130) 1) dialog: Wake up. It's them. He jumps in the passenger seat whilst the driver revs the engine. The BMW pulls out in front of an oncoming truck narrowly avoiding a collision.
131) 0) text: ISAACS holds onto the dash.
131) 1) dialog: Keep your distance.
140) 0) text: The FAMILY'S van drives - behind ISAACS BMW tails it, lig on high beam.
142) 0) text: HANNA sprints across hard tarmac heading for the relative safety of the container park. ISAACS and his HENCHMAN follow at speed. HANNA enters a dark gully between two enormous containers ISAACS slips around the other side to block her off. He signals to the HENCHMAN to loop around and flank HANNA. HANNA moves quietly between the containers, turning this and that. ISAACS voice comes echoing through the maze.
147) 2) dialog: I've looked through Heller's contacts from the 1980's. There's no one called Wilhelm.
147) 9) dialog: What the hell is this? MARISSA smiles slightly.
157) 3) dialog: His name's Klaus Knepfler. He used to send Heller's things from Berlin before the Communists were kicked out of Prague.
157) 10) dialog: Everything. He knew Johanna.
157) 12) dialog: He also thinks Erik's the father.
157) 14) dialog: Everybody thinks Erik's her father. Erik probably thinks he's her father. They snigger. HANNA's eyes widen in shock. She can barely control her breath.
157) 16) dialog: Let's see what else Knepfler has to offer. He leaves her. MARISSA suddenly senses something. Did she hear an intake of breath? She turns and quickly looks und the bed. No one there. Her imagination maybe. MARISSA stands and we see the shoes walk away to the door They reach the door. HANNA, clinging to the bedsprings in air, not breathing. The green shoes leave. HANNA breathes Hurriedly she climbs out from under the bed and goes to a window.
164) 0) text: MARISSA and ISAACS wait in Grandma's Room. ISAAC's phone rings.
164) 1) dialog: Isaacs. He listens. Puts the phone down.
164) 4) dialog: Next they searched the name Johanna Zadek.
168) 0) text: MARISSA's car is a about to turn the corner and bump stra into HANNA when suddenly... MARISSA sees ERIK leaving the front of the apartment bloc She speaks to ISAACS.
169) 0) text: HELLER sprints fast across the wasteland. Incredible athleticism. He dives down a side alley, losing his pursu for a second. Takes out a gun, looking for Marissa. Looki to finish it off. Just as he has done this ISAACS' HENCHMAN approach from t end of the street. HELLER fires in their direction, start run down an alley. He vaults a dividing wall, scratching himself on barbed wire. He sprints round a corner and see doorway ahead of him. He walks towards the doorway.
175) 1) dialog: They had a fight.
175) 3) dialog: Where do you think she's gone?
192) 0) text: HANNA running through the darkness. Behind her ISAACS and HENCHMEN come after her. ISAACS carries a large heavy tor as does one of the HENCHMEN. The other HENCHMEN all have night vision on their rifles. HANNA crouches down, she sniffs the air, can smell them coming. A HENCHMAN treads carefully down the tunnel. We see his p of view through his night vision sight, just the dark tun stretching on. Like a ghost HANNA'S face appears up close, her eyes a pe white. She slams the gun back in the HENCHMAN'S face. Still in night vision we see the fight, quick and hard. T flash of a single bullet illuminates his death. Silence once more. HANNA now has the first HENCHMAN'S rifle. From around the corner into the next tunnel she hears the sound of feet on dirt. She presses herself against the tunnel, waits listening, hears the feet again and in one movement raises the rifle and spins round the corner. Through her night vision sight she sees a deer, scared ey staring back at her. She releases her grip on the trigger and the deer scamper into the darkness.
194) 0) text: ISAACS, unnerved, presses himself against the wall of the tunnel. He feels something at his legs. Points his torch find the deer pulling at his trouser leg. He shoots it. T runs further down into the tunnel. Alerted by the sound of ISAACS' shot HANNA starts to purs her prey.
195) 0) text: ISAACS is back in the dormitory. With torch in hand he searches under the beds. Behind him he hears HANNA enter. switches off his torch and crawls under a bed. HANNA walks slowly between the beds. Under the bed ISAACS preparing to fire, now watching her feet. Suddenly the bed he's under is lifted straight up in the and off him - HANNA has summoned enormous strength and is clutching the end of the bed. He fires, hits nothing and lets go - the bed comes crashing down on him again. His torch rolls away. His arms are trapped under the bed, he's unable to move. With all his might ISAACS pushes at the bed and lifts it himself. They fight. HANNA picks up the torch and slams the torch across his temple. She grabs him by the hair and smashes his head repeatedly into the floor - BAM - BAM - BAM - BAM - BAM. Silence - he's dead.