80) 0) text: In the middle of the desert the soldiers convene, looking HANNA. A military truck is stationery. Nothing around for miles. We hear a military voice on a radio.
85) 12) dialog: Who's she?
85) 14) dialog: What's her name?
85) 17) dialog: She talked.
85) 24) dialog: 
85) 27) dialog: We had a dog called Vincent, but he went mad and died.
85) 30) dialog: Bye.
88) 0) text: HANNA finds a stall with simple cotton clothing. She choo some cheap clothes and unseen goes around the back of the stall. She changes out of her ragged old clothes into her clothes. HANNA sees MILES running through the crowds carrying a ba cherries. She follows him a little way, onto a busy street with hot and cheap jewellery stores. He runs up the steps and enters a small mid-range hotel. HANNA looks up at the hotel, then enters.
91) 0) text: Silence as HANNA sits on the corridor floor catching her breath. A little way down the corridor MILES and SOPHIE emerge fr their bedroom.
91) 1) dialog: Look. It's that girl. He nudges SOPHIE. HANNA eyes them suspiciously.
91) 3) dialog: Hey, again.
91) 5) dialog: She looks different.
91) 12) dialog: Are you hungry?
92) 0) text: HANNA is sitting at a table with the FAMILY who are all eating falafel while HANNA eats meat. SOPHIE and MILES parents, RACHEL and SEB, have some difficulty relating to their daughters attitudes. They be to a generation of counter cultural radicals whose priori have, over the past decade, shifted and they're now tryin assimilate into mainstream society whilst still holding o their ideals of autonomy and social liberation. SOPHIE is describing a recent cultural phenomenon while s picks at her food.
92) 28) dialog: What did she die of?
93) 0) text: HANNA arrives back at the hotel with RACHEL, SEB, MILES a SOPHIE. MILES is sleepy and SOPHIE a little grumpy.
93) 5) dialog: I'm too sleepy. HANNA listens anxiously, knowing she needs to go with the be safe. She arrives at her door.
107) 0) text: MILES is sitting in the driver's seat, pretending to driv the stationary van. Through the windscreen, RACHEL and SEB can be seen having heated discussion. In the back, HANNA is changing into some of SOPHIE'S clot
115) 0) text: HANNA rests her head on SOPHIE'S shoulder and relaxes for first time. MILES relaxes his head on HANNA's shoulder an they stare at the huge, granite mountain range... She starts to nod off... she falls asleep on SOPHIE's shoulder.
117) 0) text: The campsite is heaving with humanity, thousands of EUROP CAMPERS who have turned the site into what amounts to a shanty town - a small city with its own shops, drainage, borders and rules. Families come here from cities across Europe and bring their whole lives with them. The LYALL FAMILY van is squeezed in between a GERMAN fami walking around in skimpy swimming costumes - and a seriou looking FRENCH family with quad bikes. SOPHIE, MILES and HANNA stare at the other families a mom GERMAN CAMPER. Guten tag.
118) 0) text: HANNA turns a display unit of postcards. Through the window she can see SOPHIE talking to TWO TEEN BOYS. One of the boys enters the shop. He looks at HANNA as he passes and smiles. This is FELICIANO. He is handsome. HAN not used to this feeling of being looked at. While the SHOP ASSISTANT serves FELICIANO HANNA pockets a postcard and a book of stamps.
121) 4) dialog: That's gross.
144) 0) text: Four holding cells in a row, each one holding a member of family. SEB paces around his cell. RACHEL sits stoically in hers. SOPHIE is crying in her cell while MILES is playing with Nintendo in his cell. MARISSA walks into SOPHIE'S cell.
146) 0) text: Now the whole family are reunited in MILES' cell. He snif and plays with his Nintendo. The others look wan as MARIS passes around a photo of the two dead DANISH POLICEMEN. T family go silent.
146) 11) dialog: She's going to Berlin. To Wilhelm Grimm's house.
189) 0) text: With only the torch light to see by HANNA treads warily deeper into the tunnels as, behind her, the small apertur daylight recedes slowly to nothing. The tunnels seem to stretch on for miles ahead of her. HANNA reaches a junction where four tunnels meet. She shi her torch down each tunnel, trying to decide which way to She stops when she sees, a little way down one of the tunnels, a child's forgotten shoe. HANNA steps forward and shines her torch down at the tiny shoe, its buckle rusted. She walks on into the dark. HANNA finds a door which she pushes at. The door is stiff but HANNA uses her full weight and soon she's made enough a gap to squeeze through.