92) 0) text: HANNA is sitting at a table with the FAMILY who are all eating falafel while HANNA eats meat. SOPHIE and MILES parents, RACHEL and SEB, have some difficulty relating to their daughters attitudes. They be to a generation of counter cultural radicals whose priori have, over the past decade, shifted and they're now tryin assimilate into mainstream society whilst still holding o their ideals of autonomy and social liberation. SOPHIE is describing a recent cultural phenomenon while s picks at her food.
92) 8) dialog: Perhaps Hanna doesn't want a make- over, sweetie. SOPHIE ignores RACHEL and addresses all her responses to HANNA.
92) 10) dialog: No Sophie, I just don't believe fourteen year-old girls should be dressing to look like porn stars. It objectifies them.
92) 14) dialog: Good. Keep it that way.
92) 16) dialog: Do you often travel on your own, Hanna?
92) 30) dialog: Oh. God. How terrible. SOPHIE is weirdly impressed.
93) 0) text: HANNA arrives back at the hotel with RACHEL, SEB, MILES a SOPHIE. MILES is sleepy and SOPHIE a little grumpy.
93) 4) dialog: We have to be at the port by eight tomorrow so I want you to pack now...
100) 2) dialog: Call the rental.
102) 2) dialog: Don't be rude. They get out, taking with them anything they might need - knapsacks, computer games, suit cases. They head off towards the stairs up to the decks, passing ISAACS on their way. ISAACS searches between the cars and trucks. He passes the back of the FAMILY'S van as the camera push in on its back door. The handle is being JIGGLED FROM INS
104) 1) dialog: What has got into you? Oh my God, look over there. They all look where she is pointing - at HANNA.
104) 4) dialog: You think we should say something?
104) 6) dialog: Maybe she's in trouble.
104) 9) dialog: I'll go over.
104) 20) dialog: Sophie just - I'll handle this.
104) 25) dialog: I'm worried about you.
104) 27) dialog: You have to understand this really is a problem for us.
104) 36) dialog: I don't think I handled that very well.
107) 0) text: MILES is sitting in the driver's seat, pretending to driv the stationary van. Through the windscreen, RACHEL and SEB can be seen having heated discussion. In the back, HANNA is changing into some of SOPHIE'S clot
107) 11) dialog: We passionately believe it's the right thing to do. They don't look sure at all, but SOPHIE puts her arm roun HANNA and HANNA returns the gesture, everybody slightly embarrassed.
109) 0) text: Cars are revving up, manoeuvring and getting ready to disembark. RACHEL is at the drivers wheel while SEB is in the back stripping the cushions from the bench seats to prepare a place for HANNA to hide. HANNA waits, breath bated, her arm round SOPHIE's shoulde On the far side she sees ISAACS enter the deck. She watch him carefully and decides he must be looking for her. She ducks down a little further. RACHEL, looking nervous, turns to HANNA.
109) 1) dialog: You okay honey?
112) 0) text: HANNA stares out at the changing light in the rugged landscape. Hills are emerging and the land is turning green in the g evening light. HANNA watches RACHEL unscrew the cap of a water bottle an brings it to SEB'S mouth while he drives. SEB laughs as a little water spills down his front. SOPHIE is listening to an iPOD. HANNA looks at her. SOPHI takes one earphone out of her own ear and puts it in HANN
117) 9) dialog: Maybe we could all go for a walk when we've put the tent up.
120) 0) text: RACHEL and HANNA are walking in the woods together. Above them the evening chorus is in full song.
120) 1) dialog: I just feel connected when I'm in the countryside. The city stifles me... emotionally, creatively. HANNA'S attention is elsewhere, she's spotted something i the undergrowth.
121) 2) dialog: You're not going, Sophie. No way, Jose. HANNA appears from the woods carrying TWO SKINNED RABBITS She lays them in front of the family.
129) 7) dialog: We should have you there by dinner time. From Lille you can get a train to Berlin. Leipzig's just a few hours further. HANNA and SOPHIE exchange a look.
136) 0) text: RACHEL is driving, while HANNA rides in the front seat keeping her entertained.
136) 2) dialog: Why do you know so much about fleas?
136) 5) dialog: Everything all right?
141) 0) text: HANNA sits beside her in the passenger seat, her anxiety growing. RACHEL is still at the wheel, watching the bright headlig behind.
141) 1) dialog: Shit. Shit, shit, shit. I think we're lost, Hanna. HANNA checks the side view mirror again and sees ISAACS B She's knows that whoever is driving that car is after her She looks back and sees SEB, SOPHIE and MILES all comfort asleep. MILES' fingers wrapped around a Transformers toy.
141) 4) dialog: I need to check the map.
141) 11) dialog: Why won't that car pass? He has his lights on high beam, I was doing everything I could to get out of the way... SOPHIE wakes up in the back.
141) 13) dialog: Well, I don't want you going too far right now.
141) 15) dialog: Hanna, what's going on. Seb wake up.
141) 23) dialog: Hanna, tell me what's going on or Seb will go over to that car and find out.
141) 32) dialog: Hanna! RACHEL sees ISAACS and one of the HENCHMEN chase after HA The SECOND HENCHMAN appears at her drivers window aiming gun at her head. RACHEL screams.
144) 0) text: Four holding cells in a row, each one holding a member of family. SEB paces around his cell. RACHEL sits stoically in hers. SOPHIE is crying in her cell while MILES is playing with Nintendo in his cell. MARISSA walks into SOPHIE'S cell.
144) 9) dialog: We gave her a ride because we thought she was in trouble.
144) 12) dialog: She said she lived in Leipzig. She went to the Klaus Kohle Gymnasium.
144) 20) dialog: She said she was going home, to Leipzig. She seemed lost. Like she needed taking care of. (woman to woman) You understand. MARISSA shows her the photograph of JOANNA ZADEK.
146) 10) dialog: Sophie? Still nothing. They all look at her. MILES suddenly speak
146) 13) dialog: How did you know that?