4) 0) text: A bevy of ELVES with slightly larger 60's Elf collars and
4) 8) text: A giant baby is wedged into an extra-tiny crib. Super 8 home movie of Papa Elf holding a two-year old bab
5) 0) text: An ANNOUNCER ELF is on a megahorn, doing play by play of
7) 0) text: The FINALE: Buddy attempts to put a star on top of the se But Buddy's pointy Elf slipper gets hung up in an ornamen The elves step back, preparing for the inevitable: Buddy Pom Pom sprays him with a mini-fire extinguisher.
8) 10) dialog: You changed the batteries in the fire alarm!
8) 11) dialog: (absurdly positive) You sure did!  Triple A's!  And in six months, you'll nee (everyone agrees)
8) 12) dialog: And you're the only baritone in the Elf choir.  Without y
8) 13) dialog: In a good way!
9) 0) text: Buddy storms into his tiny house.  Papa Elf looks up from
10) 0) text: This bathroom is ABSURDLY SMALL, Buddy squeezes in like H KNOCK KNOCK. We INTERCUT with Papa Elf at the door.
11) 10) text: QUICK SERIES OF FLASHBACKS FROM BUDDY'S PAST flash before AT THE SHOEMAKER: Buddy is painfully squeezing into new s IN BED: Buddy tosses and turns - three beds have been pus IN THE ELF SHOWERS: Buddy is struggling to wash under a t THE ELF CHOIR PHOTO: Only Buddy's waist is visible, he's An exact replay of those rapid-fire shots of Buddy slammi
12) 0) text: Buddy wakes up from his sleep to find himself in Papa's w
17) 0) text: Buddy trudges through a massive snow field.  Each step he Exhausted, Buddy considers leaving himself for dead, but
28) 0) text: Deb stares dead pan at the Elf in front of her desk.
43) 0) text: Buddy sits on the examining table as Walter watches.   PROP NOTE: Del Close's skull sits on a shelf in the B.G. Buddy reaches into a jar of cotton balls and starts eatin
56) 17) text: We can't see Buddy, but we can see the snowballs shooting A series of targets explode with precision as this blur o Michael stands to launch one.  Exposing himself.
68) 0) text: This is Buddy at his best.  He stuffs and launches mail i Almost without noticing, Buddy begins singing to himself.
86) 0) text: In his Elf Suit, Buddy trudges through the stormy New Yor
121) 0) text: The 'ELF' book from the beginning of the movie is Buddy's
121) 3) text: We see an Elfish hand applying white out to Walter's name
123) 0) text: Jovie, in real Elf clothes, sets a pitcher of milk in fro This is the last image of the movie and also the last ima We're back in the bookstore from the very first scene.  A FADE TO BLACK. Credits