0) 18) dialog: So, Joshua,-how goes it? You're happy, right? Get a load place. How are you doing? A little tired?
0) 20) dialog: No? Then we’ll take the bus home... (YELLS LOUDLY TO THE OTHERS ON LINE)
0) 23) dialog: T think so too. At the first door, the Germans choose some prisoners, tak enter. When those barracks are full, the line moves on.
0) 24) dialog: Look at that organization! Did you see those soldiers? Yo to stand in line to get in. People try to sneak in every but they have to stand in line outside, and the guards ch everyone. Look, they didn’t let those two in! In fact, two prisoners are taken away mysteriously.
0) 25) dialog: Don’t worry, though, they’ let us in, I reserved! See, Jo ‘We're going to have a great time!
0) 27) dialog: Right! The name of the game? It’s the thing game, the one you about! We’re all playing, got it? The men here, the w over there. Then there are the soldiers. Then they’II giv 76 schedule. Not so easy, is it? No, not easy. If you make a they send you right home. But if you win, you get first p
0) 30) dialog: It’s...it’s... Uncle comes to his rescue.
0) 33) dialog: No, a real one. Brand new! Joshua stops, open-mouthed.
0) 35) dialog: Yes! I didn’t want to tell you.
0) 37) dialog: Pl tell you later.
0) 39) dialog: Areal one! At the next door, the soldiers make some prisoners enter, Uncle is forced to continue walking with the other men.
0) 41) dialog: To another team, it’s all been planned. He waves. "Bye, Uncle! As they enter the barracks, they stop, frightened. It is walls and dull light coming through the small windows. Bu walls around a small space in the center of the room wher About half the beds in the room are taken by emaciated, s and there, faces peek out from the covers, smiling in fri recharge, because Joshua is about to burst into tears. He GUIDO (pleased) Ah, didn’t I tell you? Is this amazing, or what? (LOUDLY)
0) 43) dialog: Quickly, or they'll take our space. Father and son will share a bed, the first available bunk bunks above are already taken. The little boy is sad—he d the bed, with tears in his eyes. His father sees.
0) 44) dialog: Okay, we sleep here, we'll snuggle up. Joshua!
0) 46) dialog: We will.
0) 48) dialog: ( We're going to eat, Joshua.
0) 50) dialog: They-have to, there’s a big prize, so they have to be rea because everybody wants that tank, Joshua!
0) 52) dialog: When the game’s over. BARTHOLOMEYW, a longtime prisoner, thin as a rail inside from the highest bunk bed and listens sorrowfully.
0) 54) dialog: You have to get a—a thousand points. Whoever gets them fi wins the tank.
0) 56) text: Do we get a snack? GUIDO (surprised) A snack? We'll see. Let me ask, we’re all friends here. He looks up and sees Bartholomew, who has been listening
0) 57) dialog: ‘Well, look who’s here! See who’s here? It’s what’s-his-n
0) 59) dialog: Uh, Bartholomew, has the bread and jelly man come by yet? Bartholomew, his expression unchanged, nods his head. 79
0) 60) dialog: 1 knew it, we missed him! He’ll come by again, won't he? Bartholomew shrugs his shoulders. Just then an SS CORPORA soldiers. The corporal is a pudgy man with a stem air abo though waiting for someone. But he’s in a hurry. CORPORAL (in German) Any of you Italians speak German? No one says a word, they are too frightened. Guido says i GUIDO (whispering) What did he say? BARTHOLOMEW Very softly) He’s looking for someone who speaks German. He’s going to explain the camp nules. Guido promptly raises his hand. BARTHOLOMEW (very softly) You speak German? The corporal motions Guido to come stand next to him. GUIDO (very softly as he moves) No. Guido takes his place next to the corporal, who immediate CORPORAL (in German) Attention! I’m only going to say this once! He looks at Guido, waiting for a translation.
0) 61) dialog: Okay, the game begins! If you’re here, you’re here, if yo not, you’re not! CORPORAL (in German) ‘You are here for one reason, and one reason only! GUIDO (in Italian) The first one to get a thousand points wins a real tank! . CORPORAL (in German) To work! 80
0) 62) dialog: Lucky man! The prisoners are trying to understand what the corporal Joshua gets it. He is standing very still, eyes popping. CORPORAL (in German) Any sabotage is punishable by death, sentence carried out here in the yard, by machine gun in the back! He points to his own back.
0) 63) dialog: Scores will be announced every morning on the loudspeaker outside! Whoever is last has to wear a sign that says “ja here on his back! Imitating the Corporal’s gesture, he points to his own ba CORPORAL (in German) You are privileged to work for our great Germany, buildin great empire!
0) 64) dialog: We play the mean guys, the ones who yell! Whoever’s scare loses points! The corporal gets tougher. He holds up three fingers. CORPORAL (in German) There are three very important miles. One: Never attempt Two: Obey all orders without asking questions. Three: Any attempt at organized riot will be punished by hanging. (LOUDLY)
0) 66) dialog: You can lose all your points for any one of three things. you cry. Two: If you ask to see your mother. Three: If yo hungry and ask for a snack! (LOUDLY)
0) 68) dialog: It’s easy to be disqualified for hunger. Just yesterday, J absolutely had to have a jelly sandwich. CORPORAL (in German) Obey orders!
0) 70) dialog: He wanted strawberry! CORPORAL (in German) When you hear this whistle... He sticks his fingers in his mouth to imitate.the whistle CORPORAL (in German) ...everyone out of the dormitory immediately! Guido sticks his fingers in his mouth.
0) 71) dialog: Never ask for lollipops! You can’t have any, they’re for CORPORAL (in German) And form two lines!
0) 72) dialog: J ate twenty yesterday! CORPORAL (in German) In absolute silence!
0) 73) dialog: What a bellyache! CORPORAL (in German) Every moming...
0) 74) dialog: But they were so good! 82 CORPORAL (in German) +--Foll call!
0) 75) dialog: Just forget it! CORPORAL (in German) Every two weeks you get a day of rest, no work.
0) 76) dialog: Okay, it’s tough, but it’s fun, too. The prisoners look lost—they don’t get it. But Joshua is single word. CORPORAL (in German) That's it. Anything else you want to know, ask the vetera Prisoners.
0) 77) dialog: Yesterday, for example, I played ring-around-a-rosy all d Today, I’m playing hide-and-seek. A million laughs. As he is about to leave, the corporal tums and adds, CORPORAL (in German) And that’s all I have to say.
0) 78) dialog: Sorry, gotta run. The corporal points into the distance. CORPORAL (in German) The work areas are there. But you’!l figure out the layou soon enough. The corporal goes toward the exit.
0) 79) dialog: I’m playing hide-and-seek, gotta go before they find me. The corporal leaves, followed by the soldiers, who close new prisoners rally around Guido.
0) 82) dialog: told you! We're going to have fun.
0) 85) dialog: They’re half crazy! They go toward the oven doors.
0) 86) dialog: This has to weigh one hundred kilos! It must be three tho degrees in here. J can’t do it, Vittorio. I can’t cope an His arms pull him down farther and farther to the ground.
0) 90) dialog: Bartholomew, what happened? Where are they taking you? One of the German guards rushes over threateningly, shove Bartholomew, and orders the wounded man to get up. BARTHOLOMEW (in German) To the hospital. I hurt my arm. . The guard motions him to leave. And follows him. GUIDO (to Vittorio) We're going to die here! J can’t take it anymore! I’m put down. I'll tell them I can’t do it. What can they do to m
0) 92) dialog: Good Lord, I'll never make it. It’s got to be ten thousan in here. The guard points to the anvils. GUARD (in German) Work!
0) 96) dialog: See this? Nice, right? He sits on the bed where Joshua was. The child is now sta GUIDO (panting but smiling) I signed us up. When I got to the desk the clerk said, “N and your son aren’t on the list! You'll have to go home.. didn’t pay your dues!” I almost fell over. I said, “Get o Joshua and I are already signed up. Give me a number!” An gave me one! Guido shows Joshua the number on his uniform.
0) 97) dialog: Just to be sure, I had them stamp the number here too. He shows Joshua his wrist where his prisoner number is ta
0) 98) dialog: I said, “Can I have a look at the tank?” He said, “No!” F never mind. Are you happy now? So, did you play with the other kids today?
0) 100) dialog: They know, they know. They're just being tricky, don’t fa it. Everyone wants that tank. What, no tank? Are we kiddi here?
0) 102) dialog: Fifty! Actually, forty-eight, they deducted two points be tripped while I was playing hopscotch. But I had a great nearly died laughing. J can’t wait until tomorrow. Hopsco tug of war, and ring around the rosy. Every game, ] don’t remember all of them. “You guys are obsessed. Stop, I’m t I said. Listen, did you eat something?
0) 104) dialog: Excellent! So you got twelve points. I got forty-eight, y twelve, Wow—sixty points today! Sixty points got us this No jelly, though. Joshua bites into the bread eagerly. JOSHUA (chewing) Sixty points? Is that a lot?
0) 105) dialog: You bet! It’s a lot, no kidding. Bartholomew enters, in pain, his arm bandaged under his s
0) 106) dialog: So, Bartholomew? How’d it go? Bartholomew’s answer is to go slowly toward his bed.
0) 113) dialog: How can J do this? Vittorio! Where did they find these an JOSHUA (softly) Pop! Pop! Joshua appears from out of the shadows, where he has been goes calmly toward his father. Guido is panicked. He stop
0) 114) dialog: What are you doing? You can’t come here! Get back into hi what are you doing here? Why aren’t you with the other children? Joshua, staying in the shadows, weaves his way alongside
0) 116) dialog: Go right now and take that shower!
0) 118) dialog: ‘We're making...a...a tank. But we're way behind, we're s the treads.
0) 120) dialog: See how dirty you are? (STERNLY)
0) 123) dialog: You stubborn thing! I’m going to tell Mommy! You’ll lose points! You wait right here for me, don’t let anyone see we'll go back together. This sure is fun. He keeps walking, until he is back in line with the other
0) 128) dialog: Thanks, Bartholomew! Joshua, from now on you have to hide day! If they find you, it’s all over. They’l! disqualify
0) 130) dialog: Don’t let anyone see you, especially the bad guys who are always yelling. Joshua lies down on the bed and disappears from his fathe
0) 132) dialog: No, no! J’j] take you with me, don’t worry! I'l hide you! the hardest part, because if no one finds you, we win the We'll make a hundred twenty points a day on this one! You not even here. No one’s ever set eyes on you! You disappe Got it? Joshua doesn’t answer.
0) 133) dialog: Joshua? The little boy’s smiling face appears.
0) 134) dialog: Uh-oh. I saw you! Joshua disappears. GUIDO (satisfied) Excellent!
0) 138) dialog: Anyone home? Am I intruding? Bitte! There is no one. He turns and calls.
0) 139) dialog: Joshua? The little boy’s head pops up from under the sacks—with a GUIDO (in a low voice) Come here, quick as lightning! The boy goes into the office. Guido switches on the micro loudspeakers transmit the taps. He starts speaking, smili GUIDO (loudly) Good morning, Princess! Joshua approaches, very excited. He can’t stand still—as
0) 140) dialog: Last night... The loudspeakers atop the pole are broadcasting Guido’s v the camp.
0) 145) dialog: Over there! The microphone is still on; there is noise, static, the s listening apprehensively, her fists clenched tight. Her f incomprehensible, hard, and guttural. A SOLDIER’S VOICE (yelling in German) Who was that? Who was the idiot who... With a click, the transmission is over. Dora, coming out breeze blows her hair. Not far behind her, two other wome
0) 149) dialog: What? Oh—yes. He quickly gathers up the clothes he has washed as best h throws them onto the bed.
0) 150) dialog: Get dressed. The door behind Guido opens suddenly, and several prisone depressed, come in. One of them is Bartholomew, who sits many have not retumed.
0) 151) dialog: Bartholomew, where’s Vittorio? And Alfonso and the others Bartholomew frowns as a German attendant appears at the d Joshua disappears into his bed; his father is watching fr ATTENDANT (in German) Everyone else out! The other half of the prisoners file out. Guido is last i
0) 154) dialog: “Tf you say my name, I disappear.” The doctor stops; the nurse is yelling something at Guido NURSE (in German) Silence! 94 Lessing has turned to look at Guido, then turns back, mot prisoner, the first prisoner he has looked in the eye.
0) 155) dialog: “Silence!” A slight smile lights up Lessing’s face. He takes a close
0) 159) dialog: This is a loony bin! They're all crazy! The doctor, the c there—I knew him when J was a waiter. He says they’re giv dinner here for the officers and their wives, and he told have to serve at the dinner. Maybe he wants to help me. H might get us out of here. (HE CALLS)
0) 160) text: Joshua? He gets down and looks around worriedly. 95 GUIDO (to Bartholomew) Have you seen Joshua? Bartholomew spreads his arms. A hiccough is heard from un
0) 161) dialog: Joshua! He bends down and sees the little boy under the bed, eyes
0) 162) dialog: Come out of there! But the child won't move. His father pulls him out and he jacket.
0) 163) dialog: Look at this, you’re al} dirty! Now, when... JOSHUA (unhappily) Where were you? GUIDO. What? Oh—I was... I told you, I had to finish a card game
0) 165) dialog: Joshua, what are you talking about?
0) 167) dialog: Who told you that?
0) 169) dialog: Joshua! You fell for it again! And here I thought you wer sharp kid! He smiles. Buttons and soap. Right. And tomorrow moming I’m washing my hands with Bartholomew and buttoning my jacket with Francesco and my vest with Claudio... He is laughing as he pulls a button off his jacket and le
0) 170) dialog: Uh-oh, Giorgio fell off! He picks up the button and puts it in his pocket.
0) 171) dialog: They make buttons out of people? What else?
0) 173) dialog: Now?
0) 175) dialog: Its raining now. You’! come down with a terrible fever!
0) 177) dialog: Okay, you want to go home, we’ll go! He gets onto the bed and folds the blanket. 97 JOSHUA (amazed) Can we really go?
0) 178) dialog: Sure! You don’t think they force people to stay here, do (HE THINKS A MINUTE.)
0) 180) dialog: Some other kid’s going to win the real tank.
0) 182) dialog: No more kids? It’s full of kids, it’s busting with kids.
0) 184) dialog: Hiding. They're not allowed to come out. It’s full of kid It’s a serious game.
0) 186) dialog: Six hundred eighty-seven. I’ve told you a thousand times, first. We're winning! But never mind, we'll drop out. Let saw the chart yesterday. We’ll go anyway, though. "Bye, Bartholomew. Joshua and I are leaving. We're fed up here. GUIDO (to Bartholomew) The tank is done, it’s ready. Clean the spark plugs off b Start it. Open the throttle. Otherwise the cannon will ge with the tracks. And the gun, did you see how nice it is? out beautiful! Lift the emergency brake before you move! Joshua and I are going. Joshua wants to quit. We could ha gone back with the tank soon, but we'll take the bus toda Joshua and I are leaving. So long, everybody. We’ re tire place. Let’s go, or we'll miss the bus. 98
0) 190) dialog: Joshua? It’s me, Pop! I have to tell you something import Come here!
0) 195) dialog: - More than one—-there must be two thousand, they’re like they’re everywhere. But they know how to hide. They want tank, darn them! They stop at a comer that opens onto the yard where the o Joshua hidden behind him, and looks into the yard.
0) 196) dialog: Stop! I think I saw him, he’s right near here. A few steps away is a small hut with a metal door, about house the camp’s water main.
0) 197) dialog: Look and see if he’s inside there, I'll stand guard here. Joshua opens the door and jumps back. A BLOND BOY hiding inside also jumps back, and signals Jo BLOND BOY (in German) Shhh! Close the door, close it! I’m in here! Joshua closes the door and turns to his father triumphant
0) 199) dialog: ‘Was he blond?
0) 201) dialog: Yep, that’s him, all right. His name is Swanz. He’s been there for three weeks. He was ranked second, and we’ve eliminated him! Sooner or later, I'll find the others, to JOSHUA (softly) How many are there? 100
0) 202) dialog: It’s a wasps’ nest, it's full of them, I told you! All hi
0) 204) dialog: Everywhere, I said! Just then the woman attendant who was setting the table c chunky and efficient. She claps her hands and calls the c seek. WOMAN ATTENDANT (loudly, in German) Children, that’s enough. Come inside now. Children? Children come popping out. One was hiding behind a wall, parked car, one comes out from behind the pile of stones, Joshua’s eyes are bugging out of his head.
0) 206) dialog: T'll be damed, it’s a real hideout. He points to them one by one.
0) 207) dialog: Gottcha! Gottcha! Gottcha! He tums and takes Joshua away fast. But the German attend of the German children. She points a finger and calls out WOMAN ATTENDANT (in German) Little one! You, over there! Come here! I said everyone i Guido stops dead.
0) 208) dialog: Holy smokes! She saw us.
0) 210) dialog: No. Listen, she’s coming for you. This is where the silen begins. WOMAN ATTENDANT (in German) Well? What are you waiting for? Come on! GUIDO (without moving his lips) You have to be absolutely quiet all evening! Swear it! Quickly he dusts Joshua’s clothes, straightens them, and
0) 211) dialog: Swear it! JOSHUA (happily) I swear! He crosses his index fingers and kisses them.
0) 212) dialog: They talk so weird, you can’t understand a thing. But you quiet! If we get through this, we win! It’s the last roun silent game! The woman attendant takes Joshua by one hand, brushing hi WOMAN ATTENDANT (in German) The dirtiest of all! Come on! But first she turns to Guido. WOMAN ATTENDANT (In Italian) Why are you here with the children?
0) 213) dialog: I'm here to... WOMAN ATTENDANT (in Italian) Quiet! Never speak, understood?
0) 214) dialog: I swear it! He kisses his fingers. They go toward the officers’ mess. son. And Joshua winks back. 102
0) 216) dialog: ‘Where? When?
0) 218) text: 103 GERMAN WAITER (in German) What’s your name, little boy? Joshua doesn’t answer. Guido doesn’t know what to do. The hurriedly, ignoring the plate that the Italian waiter is sees him go down the stairs. He goes back to the children comes back with a heavy-set woman soldier. They enter the what is going on in the children’s dining room. Guido, hi teaching the German children how to say “thank you” in It the children, who says,
0) 221) dialog: No, not “crazie,” “grazie.” Grrr... In unison the children, correcting one another, practice.
0) 230) dialog: Okay, come on! Joshua appears out of the fog. They rush off, but Guido, GUIDO. Here! They disappear. The fog lifts, they reappear. The camp’s They disappear into the fog.
0) 233) dialog: Where are we? J took a wrong tum, Joshua. Oh, good—you’re asleep. Pleasant dreams. Maybe it’s really all a dream. J dream, Joshua... He is roaming aimlessly, the sleeping Joshua’s head resti
0) 234) dialog: Tomorrow moming Mommy’s going to wake us up with a nice cup of warm milk and some cookies. First we'll eat, then make love to her two or three times... He comes out of the fog. GUIDO’S VOICE - lf T can! He stops at a patch where the fog is thin—and the sight b him is a mountain of corpses. Just behind the pile of bod transport the dead bodies is sticking up into the air. Gu white fog.
0) 236) dialog: Bartholomew...
0) 240) dialog: What else did they say? He looks out the window.
0) 243) dialog: So what about us? What happens to us? 108
0) 245) dialog: ‘Where are the trucks going?
0) 247) dialog: What about the women? What's going on? We should get out here, split up, and take our chances. Don’t even pack, ju There are sounds of distant machine-gun fire and dogs bar
0) 249) dialog: Good-bye, Bartholomew—see you in Viareggio. We'll start o own business: an anvil company! He climbs up the bunks to wake Joshua.
0) 251) dialog: Joshua, they’re really fighting mad this time!
0) 253) dialog: They’re furious at you! Everyone’s looking for you, don’t see? They’re tuming everything upside down to find you, they’re even looking under rocks! You’re the last one, th one they haven’t found! Boy, are they mad! Get down—stop! 109 He bends over abruptly.
0) 255) dialog: Nothing. I thought. ..Okay, tomorrow the game’s over and they’re giving out the prizes. If you.can just stay hidde we get sixty points!
0) 257) dialog: Nine hundred forty! Plus sixty makes...?
0) 259) dialog: First place! We win! He looks around. In the wind, a soldier turns a corner.
0) 260) dialog: ‘Wow, they’re really hunting you down. See where that gua looking? Boy, are they mad! No mistakes tonight, this is hide in that box, quick.
0) 262) dialog: ‘Who?
0) 264) dialog: Right! Swanz! They got him yesterday. It’s the safest pla they won’t look there again. Take the blanket in case you cold, I’) be right back, I’m going 10 put them on the wro Go—one, two, three—go, Joshua! Joshua takes off like a speeding bullet and hides in the night table. 110
0) 265) dialog: I think I saw him over there! He looks around and runs away.
0) 272) dialog: Give me the blanket. Are you cold?
0) 274) dialog: Then let me have your jacket, too. I’ll throw it up onto it'll throw them off track. Joshua takes off his jacket.
0) 275) dialog: You should see how angry they are, how they’re looking fo you! He takes the jacket. 111
0) 276) dialog: Okay, so long! He turns back.
0) 277) dialog: Joshua, if] should be a little late, don’t you move, don’ gut! You have to wait, don’t come out until it is absolut and you can’t see anyone for miles. Just to be sure! Okay repeat what J just said.
0) 279) dialog: Right! Stubborn boy! He kisses Joshua on the forehead, closes the box, and run pulls his trousers up over his knees, and ties the blanke a dog barking loudly nearby. He peers around the comer an German shepherd on a leash. The dog is barking at the met muzzle is practically inside the slot on the door. The so with him. Guido panics. He doesn’t know what to do. GUIDO (mumbling mechanically to himself, invoking Schopenhauer) Go away, guys; go away, dog; go, go... Little by little, the three soldiers move away, the dog’s Guido breathes a sigh of relief. GUIDO (smiling) Good for you, Ferruccio—it works! He runs off into the darkness, wrapping Joshua’s jacket a
0) 282) dialog: Dora? Anyone by the name of Dora here? Dora? He moves among the women.
0) 284) dialog: Dora? Dora, are you here? It’s me, it’s Guido! 1 know som hiding here, is there anyone by the name of Dora? A moment later. A WOMAN’S VOICE No! Guido leaves.
0) 287) dialog: Anyone by the name of Dora here? She's Italian—it’s my wi Dora?
0) 291) dialog: No, that’s not her, is there another Dora? The truck goes fast; Guido is running behind it.
0) 292) dialog: As soon as you’re out the gates, jump off the truck! But they don’t hear him, the truck is already far away. G he is. In fact, a WOMAN SOLDIER sees him and blows her wh WOMAN SOLDIER (in German) Over there! That woman! Guido, realizing what has happened, runs off. The searchl wall Guido climbed before. The searchlight passes the win window. The light moves back and focuses on a waving blan light widens and creeps up the wall. Guido is hanging fro The blanket has slipped to his feet. Footsteps are heard the ground, but he can’t run because the blanket is aroun around his waist as best he can under the murderous eyes him, machine gun in hand. The soldier pokes under the bla moves, and he sees Guido’s rolled up trousers and male le machine gun. Guido closes his eyes and hunches over, but A SERGEANT (in German) Stop! What are you doing? Not here, take him to the usual SOLDIER (in German) Yes, sir! The soldier points the gun barrel at Guido, motioning him move off toward the women’s area, near the yard.
0) 294) text: 114 SOLDIER (loudly, in German) Straight ahead, move it! They go a few more steps. Guido is stil] looking around, dozen meters from the box where Joshua is hiding. He can’ toward the child. Joshua’s eyes light up in the dark box, comical woman’s dress, who winks and smiles at him. Then goose-stepping—the military high jinks Joshua knows so.we boy stifles a laugh. The soldier gets nervous, he doesn’t SOLDIER (in German) What the devil are you doing! Speed it up—tum right here. There is a building on the right. The two disappear aroun are heard. A moment later the soldier appears, walking qu the meantime, the sun has appeared on the horizon. The wi hes, but this time it is filled with German soldiers. It jump onto the truck, throwing their machine guns behind t followed by two motorcycles and an army car. The sun has die down. The last hundred or so prisoners straggle out o weakest. They help one another. And when the last prisone x where Joshua is hidden. A few moments of silence. Ever opens. Joshua comes out and takes a step or two, looking soul in sight, not even a fly. Suddenly, from not too far deafening noise of an engine, a brand- /new sound that ge louder. Joshua stares straight ahead. The noise is deafen two buildings, an enormous green tank appears. It bears t moves forward, raising dust and heading straight for Josh little boy...who is standing still as a statue, his mouth smiles. All around, the air fills with the sounds of othe motorcycles. A few words of English can be heard. The tow ICAN SOLDIER appears. He sees the little boy and smiles. camp, then focuses his eyes on Joshua again.