4) 19) dialog: I'd sop that up with a biscuit real good. Jennifer turns away from the garage and looks back at Joh who is still awaiting her answer.
4) 39) dialog: (from the garage) Hey! You better check your underwear, Johnny. Stanley smiles and elbows Andy, but his mouth is too full with pork rinds to actually laugh.
24) 8) dialog: 
24) 11) dialog: Would you turn that thing off? Gonna get us in trouble with that human society.
24) 13) dialog: Whatever.
24) 15) dialog: No one's gonna pay you for that crap.
24) 18) dialog: Speaking of retards.
24) 27) dialog: Are you kidding me? That shit? What'd you do? Film yourself lighting a fart?
24) 32) dialog: What do you mean like on the toilet  or something?  Stanley pulls a tape out of his pocket and loads it.
24) 33) dialog: Matthew hasn't had a girl since he was sucking his mama's titties.
24) 36) dialog: Yeah, what are you talking about?
24) 53) dialog: Now that's some fine camera work, even better than the time you filmed yo' self hangin' your nana's cat.
24) 71) dialog: I'll be. Look at the rack on that pony. Andy punches Stanley in the arm. Johnny just stares at th screen.
24) 72) dialog: You dirty dog. Where the hell'd you get that?
24) 74) dialog: Sure is something to look at. Matthew is clearly uncomfortable, but he desperately need be one of the guys.
24) 76) dialog: Nice? To her, you're nothing but a shitter fixer. Hell, she wouldn't even give Johnny the time of day. Johnny snaps his head up and looks at Stanley.
24) 78) dialog: You saw her Johnny... stuck up city bitch. 
24) 92) dialog: And she had you shitting yours. Least her car alarm did. The guys yuck it up.
36) 0) text: Jennifer immediately goes over to her table where the lap is set up. She shuffles some papers around when- Something on her laptop screen catches her attention. She leans forward, brow furrowed. ON LAPTOP SCREEN: A picture of Johnny, Stanley, and Andy leering into the laptop's camera. Like a nightmarish phot booth snapshot.
36) 36) dialog: 
36) 60) dialog: 
36) 70) dialog: You should! Do you some good. Andy turns from the desk, strikes a match and flicks it a Jennifer,
36) 121) dialog: My turn.
36) 136) dialog: Aw, fuck it. I ain't waiting. Andy grabs the VODKA BOTTLE. He walks over to Jennifer, still on her knees, and positions the bottle right in fro of his crotch.
36) 137) dialog: Suck it, bitch. Jennifer opens her mouth and moves her head toward the bottle. As she maneuvers the bottle-neck into her mouth, eye catches a large shard of glass next to Andy's boot. As soon as Andy turns around to smile at his friends, Jennifer grabs the bottle and cracks it upside his kneeca Andy immediately grabs his leg and falls to the floor. The guys start laughing as-- Jennifer leaps up from the floor and rushes over to her purse. She quickly pulls out a canister of mace - Before the guys even register what is happening Jennifer racing at Stanley -- As he brings the camera down he's met with a spray of mac He clutches his face, screaming in pain -- And like that - Jennifer is out the back door.
42) 83) dialog: That'll get her moving. The guys hoot and holler. Except for Matthew, who looks a if he too is about to cry.
44) 0) text: Andy sits on a log blowing softly into the harmonica as t rest of the guys lounge around casually as if they instinctively knew she'd end up here. Jennifer is too shocked to move, too tired to cry. Jennifer tries to escape but Johnny stops her. He grabs h by the shoulders and throws her to Andy who smacks her do in the shallow water. Andy pounces down on her back. Stanley kneels down right in front of Jennifer's face. He places the MiniDV cam only a few feet in front of her. He then turns the LCD so it's facing Jennifer -- so she can actually watch herself being abused. Andy pulls her eyelids wide open and holds them there.
45) 1) dialog: Wow, Stanley, 30 seconds. Must be a record for you.
45) 4) dialog: Right and we thought Matthew here was gonna be the pussy. 
48) 4) dialog: She's gotta come up for air sometime.
48) 13) dialog: I ain't got my waders... 
50) 0) text: The reservoir is much calmer at these parts. Sheriff stan on watch as- Stanley and Andy come from the water in waders having jus searched the water. Matthew stands where they just came from. He stays, stari at the swamp like water as if Jennifer was somewhere in  there. Johnny finishes off a cigarette and flicks it.
50) 6) dialog: Nothing. Not a damn thing.
50) 24) dialog: So that's everything. Right down to her little tit sling.
50) 29) dialog: Idiot wanted to stay there. He was walking around in the water, looking for her like some crazed dog after a bone.
55) 0) text: Andy is bent over Jennifer's car, or at least what's left it. At this point, it's nothing more than a shell. He wea a welding helmet and is hard at work with a blowtorch.
55) 1) dialog: (from under the car) Round up some tail out there?
55) 9) dialog: Fucking A. Johnny cracks open the beer and takes a gulp. He wipes th back of his hand across his mouth.
55) 13) dialog: To your moma. Johnny points to Andy, his beer still in his hand.
55) 15) dialog: Heck, just let Matthew take all the shifts. He's been down there everyday anyway. Even when it's not his turn.  They all look to one another.
55) 17) dialog: I don't know. Last time I saw him, he wasn't lookin' too good. Maybe we should give him a break. Pull him off all together. 
56) 0) text: From a distance we see Andy laughing and Johnny walking o
62) 0) text: Johnny and Andy are sitting on the porch in lawn chairs drinking beer. Both of them turn to see Stanley bounding up to the stati in a tizzy.
62) 1) dialog: Jeez look at this.
62) 4) dialog: Jesus, Stanley. Calm down.
62) 12) dialog: Maybe you accidentally ate it?
62) 33) dialog: Was ya robbed? Or did you leave it somewhere?
62) 53) dialog: Shit for brains here's right. We gotta stick together now.
68) 0) text: Andy and Stanley pull up and get out of the truck as John been pacing.
68) 1) dialog: So what's all this about, Johnny? Johnny takes out Jennifer's shoe and throws it at them. T both dodge a hit and look at the shoe on the ground.
68) 17) dialog: No. No one knows where he is-- Suddenly, a car SCREECHES up - it's Storch and it looks a he is going to drive his cruiser straight through the fen
68) 41) dialog: Fucking retard is obsessed with her. I think he actually feels guilty.
68) 56) dialog: We don't know. Isn't coming around much.
75) 9) dialog: No, get that shit out of my face.
75) 11) dialog: I'm tired, I'm hungry--
75) 13) dialog: I don't want that shit. I want real food, I want my bed, I want this bullshit to be over.
75) 15) dialog: Yeah, that's right. The sooner we find Matthew what?
75) 26) dialog: Ain't it obvious? We drag that homo  back to the sheriff, he's a dead man.
75) 28) dialog: 
77) 0) text: We're with Andy as he walks the waterline.
77) 1) dialog: Matthew?! Then, Andy notices an uneven ripple in the water. He thin nothing of it... until it happens again. This catches his eye. Slowly he makes his way over. The water has calmed now, but still, Andy has a sense that something is not right.
77) 2) dialog: Matthew! As he gets close to the water - he now sees his reflectio He squints his eyes trying to get a better look at what i beneath the surface -- WHOOSH! SOMETHING runs right behind his back - the entire reflection caught in the water -- Andy spins around - as he staggers into the water - no on there... nothing.
77) 13) dialog: Only making it worse for yourself, Matt. Andy picks up his pace as he nears the tree line - right where he saw the movement. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees another branch swin unnaturally. He races over-- CLOSER: He can actually hear breathing - it's getting lou
77) 14) dialog: Matthew?-
77) 17) dialog: Jesus! You bastard! Stanley laughs so hard he starts to cough -- Just as they about to continue on - the sound of a harmonica breaks through. The same eerie tune.
77) 18) dialog: What the--?
77) 20) dialog: The hell with the Sheriff, I'm gonna kill him myself... MATTHEW!!
78) 0) text: Andy and Stanley run through the woods, trying to find th source of the sound.
78) 1) dialog: You're ass is grass Matthew!!  Branches and leaves fly by as Andy barrels through the foliage. Stanley tries to keep up, but it's no use.
78) 7) dialog: There he is. That way!
79) 1) dialog: Don't you pass out on me. I ain't dragging your ass back. Suddenly, the tune stops. Andy stops in his tracks, tryin to figure out which way to proceed. Suddenly, Stanley hea another sound. Crying.
79) 4) dialog: He's in there all right.
80) 0) text: Andy enters. The shack appears as we first saw it, only n there are remnants of recent life.
80) 1) dialog: Matthew! Where the fuck are you!
82) 0) text: Andy's eyes flicker open. He sees a hand wrapping a rusty wire around the contact of an old car battery. Then he lo up and sees a bare light bulb flicker on.  He's draped lengthwise over a horse trough so his torso i completely over the basin. His arms and legs are secured with ropes.
82) 6) dialog: 
83) 23) dialog: Please... please... I can't...
83) 48) dialog: 
83) 57) dialog: Andy continues to struggle. A few seconds later, Jennifer returns, carrying a large bucket.
83) 59) dialog: Wha-- what is that?
83) 61) dialog: Jesus, please, what the - no! Jennifer pours the lye into the bucket - the fumes make A gag. But he holds his neck up as long as he can - he does not want to put his face down. Jennifer come around in front of him.
83) 63) dialog: Fuck you.
83) 71) dialog: 
83) 74) dialog: Wh--what...
83) 77) dialog: Ahhhhhhh!!! Jennifer laughs and walks out of the shack as Andy gasps, chokes and spits for his life as- STANLEY'S head is covered in crows.
85) 0) text: Andy's body continues to writhe in pain. With yet another burst of strength he lifts his head out of the lye-bath revealing a face burnt red, puffy, oozing puss, skin flak off and his eyes are a ghastly, milky white, pussy, and bloody.
87) 0) text: Andy is dead.