0) 0) text: JENNIFER HILLS races down from a stoop, a suitcase rollin along behind her. Even dressed down, this city girl can't hide her natural beauty and panache. She makes her way across the street and to an SUV. she op the trunk and tosses in the suitcase among several other bags. She closes it, and walks to the driver's side. We see tha the entire cargo bay of the SUV is filled with boxes and personal affects. Al INT. SUV, CITY STREET - DAY Al Jennifer gets in and slams the door shut. she takes a mom to think, to breathe. Something is weighing heavily on he mind. After a beat, she glances up to the rearview mirror and l at herself. She take a long, deep, cleansing breath, and then she turns the key in the ignition and starts the car B1 EXT. SUV, CITY STREET - DAY Bl The SUV drives off down the city street.
2) 0) text: The midday sun bakes the landscape as Jennifer drives thr a country road. A stark contrast from the city, and absolutely breathtaking.
2) 8) dialog: Hello? Jennifer cautiously steps inside.
2) 10) dialog: Hello? Jennifer walks in further, trying to not step on anything
2) 11) dialog: Hello?
2) 14) dialog: It's fine, really. I'm Jennifer Hills. We spoke last week.
2) 22) dialog: (Jennifer holds a piece of paper) .on Mockingbird Trail. Earl's surprised.
2) 25) dialog: Afraid not. Earl hands her the key. Earl pulls a map with some hand-d arrows already on it.
2) 28) dialog: Well if I get lost I'll just ask for directions.
2) 30) dialog: 
2) 33) dialog: No, no. I'm looking forward to the peace and quiet. I'm a novelist. I'm starting my next book.
3) 0) text: Jennifer drives down the two lane road, barely passable b two cars. She swerves as she glances down at map. Then, up ahead she spots a small SERVICE STATION with a single gas pump. She pulls up to the pump.
4) 0) text: Jennifer gets out of the car and fumbles to fold back the as she twists the knob off her gas tank and reaches for t pump. A HAND comes down on top of her own. Jennifer spins around.  Standing there, smiling, is JOHNNY. He takes the pump fro Jennifer and inserts it into her gas tank.
4) 2) dialog: No, it's fine. I'm sort of lost anyway. Looking for Mockingbird Trail?
4) 4) dialog: Really? I thought--
4) 11) dialog: Oh, okay, I think I saw that.
4) 20) dialog: Uh... no. I mean yes. As she glances to the gas pump, Johnny looks her up and d She is definitely something to look at. Johnny places his hand on the hood of the car. Glances to the guys, then back to her.
4) 22) dialog: How's that line working for you? The gas pump clicks off interrupting. But Johnny just sta there looking at her.
4) 34) dialog: Let me just... Jennifer fumbles into her purse when the map falls from h hands.
4) 36) dialog: No I got it-- Johnny gets uncomfortably close to Jennifer at the rear d of the car when-- HONK -- HONK -- HONK - The SUV's deafening alarm blares o Johnny's startled, stumbles backwards, trips and goes sprawling to the ground. Jennifer, controlling laughter, holds up her keys and cli the alarm off. Johnny is covered in dust and oil, struggling to get to h feet while maintaining a shred of dignity. Jennifer chuckles.
4) 37) dialog: Sorry. I accidentally hit the panic button. Are you okay?
4) 46) dialog: Sure you okay? Johnny's eyes are cold, his face red.
5) 0) text: Jennifer arrives at the cabin. She gets out of her car an stands there, looking up at it. In slight disrepair and i need of a paint job but the quaint charm makes you quickl forget its shortcomings.
6) 0) text: She starts unpacking. A few cardboard boxes with non- perishable food items sit on the counter next to cases of bottled water. Also, there's a large wine case with different liquor bottles in the sections. Jennifer takes a bottle of top shelf vodka and puts it in the freezer. Then she begins to grab the wine bottles, taking an extra second to look at one, the hell with it, she grabs an ope
7) 0) text: Jennifer site at the end of the boat dock. Laptop and gla of wine writing away. She couldn't be more content.
8) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Words fly across the screen as Jennifer types a furious pace. Blocks of text keep scrolling away. Her fingers effortlessly swipe away at key after key, a writer's high if you will. Finally an exclamation point is stabbed with emphasis. Th she hears a sound off in the trees.  She looks out and hears a very distant few notes of a  harmonica. Then a few even more distant "heeeeeeweeeee".  After a beat she innocently smiles figuring it's just som boys off in the distance having a party or something.  Jennifer leans back, smiles briefly and pour herself a gl of wine.
9) 0) text: Jennifer sits at the table, her laptop propped open in fr of her. She's talking away on the phone as she stops for moment to take a sip from a glass of red wine.
9) 1) dialog: 
9) 3) dialog: Sorry, something just... Another slam, and again.
9) 4) dialog: 
9) 11) dialog: 
9) 18) dialog: Hello? In response, she gets the frantic CHIRPING of crickets as night encroaches. Jennifer walks down a path and in the near distance she s
10) 0) text: Inside there is an array of old gardening tools. Pots, garbage cans. Some different chemical bottles including a of LYE. Jennifer thinks she hears something from deep inside the shed. She moves in further as--
10) 2) dialog: Shit!
11) 0) text: Jennifer exits, and securely closes the shed door. After beat she smirks at the thought that she thought this was than just a door blowing in the wind, then heads back to cabin.
12) 0) text: Jennifer walks up to the chair, moves her laptop, sits an then as she grabs her phone she knocks the glass of wine the arm of the chair into her lap.
12) 6) dialog: Ohhhhh... You gotta be kidding. She get up, looks at the red wine stain all over her lap, picks up her things to heads in the cabin.
12) 7) dialog: Way to go Jennifer... The last of the days light is disappearing.
13) 0) text: Jennifer stands at the sink, in panties and tank top - pr soaking her sweater and pants.
14) 1) text: Jennifer continues at the sink, her beautiful, partially body is framed perfectly in the window for all to see... no one's around for miles...
15) 0) text: Jennifer jogs through the trees. She wears a tight pair o running shorts and a out off T-shirt. Jennifer stops in a small clearing. With her hands on her knees, she struggles to catch her breath. She stands and walks in a circle, looks around. Checks he watch. Then notices something in the distance hidden behind the trees. ANGLE ON: A dilapidated shack, rotted from decay and negl Jennifer's curiosity gets the best of her.
17) 0) text: The place hasn't been occupied in quite a while, but it w once. An old, dirty mattress in the corner... a sawhorse- a-counter with old cans and bottles... even a rusty old garden tool or two. Near the window she sees an old, mold covered BIBLE propp open. Jennifer suddenly gets the chills, she shakes it off and gets the hell out of there.
18) 0) text: Jennifer finishes her jog and returns to the cabin, leans over on the porch and catches her breath. 
19) 0) text: Jennifer stands in front of the mirror. She looks at her reflection and pulls out the band that was holding up her ponytail. Her sweat-soaked hair falls across her shoulder She turns on the faucet and is met with a dirty spray.
19) 1) dialog: Eww! The spray only lasts a few seconds before sputtering out. However, then the toilet starts to GURGLE. Jennifer lifts the lid up with her foot. The toilet water bubbles up and then disappears down the drain.
19) 2) dialog: 
20) 0) text: Jennifer picks up her cellphone from the counter. She tak a small piece of paper out of her purse and punches in so numbers on the cell. After a few rings, voicemail picks u
21) 1) dialog: 
21) 3) dialog: Oh shit! Jennifer reaches down into the toilet and immediately fis it out. She shakes it off vigorously.
22) 0) text: Jennifer stands next to the kitchen counter. She holds he hair dryer which is going at full blast. Her cell phone i propped open on the counter in front of her. She's doing best to dry it out. Suddenly, a hand reaches out and taps her on the shoulder Jennifer SCREAMS and spins around, turning the hair dryer her assailant. An equally frightened MATTHEW throws his hands up in fron his face and SCREAMS just as loudly. He has several think colored rubber bands on his wrist.
22) 13) dialog: 
22) 15) dialog: Uh... thanks for coming on such short notice.
23) 0) text: Matthew works away underneath the sink. Jennifer watches from the bedroom sitting on the end of the bed, trying to make small talk.
23) 1) dialog: Is this gonna take much longer?
23) 3) dialog: So what's wrong with it?
23) 5) dialog: So do you live around here?
23) 12) dialog: Yeah, I kind of get that. I meant in town? Matthew comes out from under the sink. He snaps nerviousl at one of the rubber bands on his wrist.
23) 15) dialog: Thank you! Matthew blushes furiously and fumbles his tools as he pac up. For him, the kiss was more embarrassing than enjoyabl
23) 16) dialog: I'm sorry. I just... you saved me from having to bathe in the pond.  Once his tools are all packed away, Matthew dashes out of cabin. Jennifer follows him to the front door.
23) 17) dialog: Hey. Hey! I didn't even pay you! But Matthew is long gone.
25) 0) text: Jennifer writes away at the dining room table. She's on a tear. A "writer's zone" where everything she types is gol She hits the "return" key hard, as if to punctuate a particularly good sentence. She picks up some lip gloss a puts it on.
27) 0) text: Jennifer's head is slouched over her desk. She passed out Suddenly, A SCRATCHING NOISE at the front door. CLOSE ON: Jennifer's eyes flit open as - Jennifer jumps awake and walks over to check the door, glancing at the clock as she goes. 4:14 am. Jennifer gets to the door and listens, Nothing. She tries to look out... nothing. She turns to walk back when the scratching returns - Jennifer takes a few steps back toward the door. Again, t noise stops.
27) 1) dialog: Hello? Silence. Jennifer rises up on her toes and looks out the glass window of the front door. The porch is deserted. Jennifer opens the door slowly.
28) 0) text: Jennifer looks outside but nothing is there. Just a gentl breeze and the sway of the trees. Satisfied, she walks ou onto the front porch, then down the steps. She hugs herse and shivers, then she returns inside.
29) 0) text: Jennifer shuts the front door and locks it. Then she yank on the door, just to make sure.
31) 0) text: The SCRAPING sound again, but this time, from UPSTAIRS. Jennifer looks up, hoping that she imagined it. But there is again. She sets the bottle and glass down on the end t next to the couch and then grabs a can of MACE from her p on the couch.
32) 0) text: She walks slowly, holding the mace directly in front of h Eventually, Jennifer gets to the top of the stairs. At the far end of the hallway is an open window. A branch from outside scrapes against the windowsill. Jennifer lets out a sigh of relief. She closes the window and heads back downstairs.
33) 0) text: She puts the mace back in her purse, and then picks up he drink walking to the kitchen when-- BANG! Something smashes into the sliding glass door-- Jennifer SCREAMS dropping the glass. It SHATTERS. With more than a hint of trepidation, Jennifer heads towa THE SIDE DOOR. With all the courage she can muster up, Jennifer unlocks door and steps outside.
34) 0) text: The side porch light acts as a spotlight, illuminating th culprit -- a lone bird lies motionless on the ground. Jennifer bends down and picks up a small branch from the porch. She gives the bird a small poke... nothing. But he uneasiness is growing. Suddenly... SLAM! She jumps and looks to the shed, the door is open again a swinging. She looks to it thinking, "I shut that already. She moves off the porch and toward the shed.
35) 0) text: Jennifer walks to the shed, it feels longer in the dark. looks around to the tree line, could be something out the an animal, who knows. She reaches the shed and shuts the door again. She search the ground and sees a large stone. She picks up the stone and shoves it against the door. Satisfied, she heads back.
36) 0) text: Jennifer immediately goes over to her table where the lap is set up. She shuffles some papers around when- Something on her laptop screen catches her attention. She leans forward, brow furrowed. ON LAPTOP SCREEN: A picture of Johnny, Stanley, and Andy leering into the laptop's camera. Like a nightmarish phot booth snapshot.
36) 13) dialog: (her voice cracking) Get out of here. Get out of here right now!
36) 15) dialog: All of you better get out of here. I called the police. Johnny nods. He looks at her, his gaze mocking.
36) 17) dialog: I... I called them already. They're on their way right now!
36) 28) dialog: That is just not true! I tried to. He ran out... (to Matthew) Is that what you said? Matthew winces and starts to snap a rubber band on his wr as Jennifer walks over to her purse.
36) 29) dialog: I'll take care of it-- Johnny cuts her off.
36) 32) dialog: I'm writing. I'm a Writer... But my boyfriend is coming up. He'll actually be here any minute--
36) 44) dialog: 
36) 53) dialog: No, look. I have the money-- Andy slingshots the thong right at Jennifer. It lands at feet.
36) 55) dialog: Please, I don't want to. Johnny raises his eyebrows. The bottle is partially empty
36) 59) dialog: I didn't say that. Andy walks over and sits down at her desk, clicks around screen, begins reading aloud from the text...
36) 68) dialog: Can you all please leave me alone?! Meanwhile, Stanley putters around the kitchen, opening an closing the cabinet doors, knocking stuff around. He find pack of rice cakes. He shoves one in his mouth, winces, spits it out.
36) 71) dialog: Look, can you just tell me what you want? What do you want? I offered you money. Johnny stubbornly holds out the bottle of vodka. Andy giggles. He finds this quite funny.
36) 74) dialog: Fine, if you'll leave I'll take a drink. Jennifer studies the bottle and finally accepts it. Drink small sip. They all start booing.
36) 76) dialog: I took the drink, now you--
36) 84) dialog: Look, I'm sorry if I embarrassed you the other day, but we're even now, right? Okay. Please. Leave. Andy and Stanley plop themselves down on the couch and pr their feet up on the wood and glass coffee table.
36) 86) dialog: Then what is this about? Johnny jumps down from the counter. He stands in front of Jennifer, towering over her.
36) 88) dialog: Wha... what?
36) 90) dialog: That's... I'm not going to... please leave.
36) 104) dialog: Now please... I'm begging you... Johnny slides off the counter.
37) 0) text: Jennifer leaps over the porch steps and sprints across th backyard as the first light creeps through the trees. Wit seconds, she's in the woods.
38) 0) text: Jennifer runs for all she's worth. Every few yards, she looks behind her, just to make sure that no one is chasin her. The morning light now fully visible. Then, just as s turns back around, Jennifer smacks right into something a goes sprawling. When her vision comes into focus she sees the side of a s black boot. Next to it, the long slim barrel of a shotgun Jennifer looks up at the figure.
38) 2) dialog: Help me. Please! Standing next to the Sheriff, also holding a hunting rifl is Earl. Earl looks over at the Sheriff.
38) 5) dialog: I was assaulted! They broke into the cabin! They had a gun- Jennifer breaks down again.
38) 7) dialog: In my mouth! He put a gun in my mouth! You don't understand...
38) 14) dialog: Four men. It was four of them. They broke into my cabin... They assaulted me! Earl just watches not knowing what to do.
38) 17) dialog: Yes, I'd seen them before.
38) 19) dialog: At the service station right outside of town. They work there.
38) 22) dialog: Yes. They called him Johnny. There was a heavy set guy too--
38) 30) dialog: Hills. Jennifer Hills.
39) 0) text: Sheriff Storch and Jennifer enter the cabin. It appears empty.
40) 0) text: Jennifer follows him and watches as he inspects it closel His eyes fall on the box of liquor bottles.
40) 2) dialog: Yes.
40) 5) dialog: I wasn't going to drink it all this weekend. I... I planned on being here for a couple of months.
40) 7) dialog: Yes, well, they were. They forced me to. He moves away and walks back through the cabin. As he does, he spots the glass shattered on the floor... the nearby THONG and BRA that Andy flung at her. Takes a long hard look at them, then looks back up to Jennifer.
40) 8) dialog: One of them, he was up there, went through everything.
40) 15) dialog: Please, I don't care about those things. They shoved a gun in my mouth... Jennifer breaks down again as the Sheriff moves toward he
40) 18) dialog: Yes. Of course.
41) 0) text: Sheriff Storch steps onto the porch. Jennifer follows. Sheriff Storch looks down and sees the dead bird at his f He pokes it with the barrel of his shotgun.
41) 2) dialog: Just a few days.
41) 4) dialog: No. Not really. I stopped for gas and directions.
42) 2) dialog: Uh... n...no. The men probably left it. Sheriff Storch walks over to Jennifer until he's standing directly in front of her.
42) 5) dialog: Please, I swear. I didn't make it up. I may have smoked a joint, but- Sheriff Storch lifts his walkie-talkie to his mouth.
42) 12) dialog: 
42) 15) dialog: What?! They were here! They assaulted me! You've got to believe me!
42) 39) dialog: Please...
43) 0) text: Like a zombie, Jennifer shuffles through the woods, obliv to the cold air, rocks, thorns, mud, as her bare feet mov her along. She desperately continues on through, looking for a way o But in her state, she has no sense of navigation. She continues to lose herself further and further into the forest. As she finally steps into the clearing, the melancholy no of a harmonica shatter the stillness... She's made her wa
44) 0) text: Andy sits on a log blowing softly into the harmonica as t rest of the guys lounge around casually as if they instinctively knew she'd end up here. Jennifer is too shocked to move, too tired to cry. Jennifer tries to escape but Johnny stops her. He grabs h by the shoulders and throws her to Andy who smacks her do in the shallow water. Andy pounces down on her back. Stanley kneels down right in front of Jennifer's face. He places the MiniDV cam only a few feet in front of her. He then turns the LCD so it's facing Jennifer -- so she can actually watch herself being abused. Andy pulls her eyelids wide open and holds them there.
44) 15) dialog: 
45) 0) text: Cruel laughter brings Jennifer back to. Somehow she manag to lift her head to see Stanley pulling up his pants.
48) 0) text: Jennifer doesn't bother to turn around. She continues dow the bridge, looking at the rushing water on both sides. She moves to one of the railings. The Sheriff looks at her and cocks the shotgun.
50) 0) text: The reservoir is much calmer at these parts. Sheriff stan on watch as- Stanley and Andy come from the water in waders having jus searched the water. Matthew stands where they just came from. He stays, stari at the swamp like water as if Jennifer was somewhere in  there. Johnny finishes off a cigarette and flicks it.
53) 0) text: THE CAMERA tilts down from the treeline and falls back on Hendersonville. It's serene, peaceful and lonely.  Matthew sits in a small boat. He's been patrolling for Jennifer's body, but now the boat just sits in the middle the swamp where the river runs out. He stares out into the water as we slowly creep closer, a closer until we're extremely close on his face, his eyes unmoving.
55) 0) text: Andy is bent over Jennifer's car, or at least what's left it. At this point, it's nothing more than a shell. He wea a welding helmet and is hard at work with a blowtorch.
57) 0) text: Matthew stands in the main room staring at the floor - th exact place where he raped Jennifer. After a long, drawn moment, he turns and walks to--
58) 7) dialog: Matthew is paralyzed with fear, he tries to turn as a grizzly, decayed hand grabs his forehead. Another grabs h of his throat. A mouth caked with dirt and dried blood begins to kiss up neck, his face- Matthew screams wildly
66) 0) text: Johnny causally looks down - but this time it's not a bir It's a shoe... Jennifer's shoe. Johnny bends down and picks it up. He studies it. Frowns. Someone's gone too far. Then he hears something scurry of in-the distance.
72) 0) text: MATTHEW'S POV: His vision is completely blurry. He struggles to get his bearings as he lays at the bottom of stairs; the side of his head rests on the floor. A thin line of blood has already started to run down his cheek. Matthew's vision starts to come back into focus as a BLUR IMAGE starts to move away from him. As the IMAGE gets further away - it comes into focus - JENNIFER We see her now, wounds healed, only the faintest hint of beating and trauma she went through.
72) 8) dialog: How do you know, Matthew? Matthew props himself up with his hands and manages to ge into a sitting position.
72) 10) dialog: How do you know I'm alive? Are you sure you're'not dreaming again?  Matthew shakes his head quickly from side to side. He's n sure of anything any more.
72) 12) dialog: Come here. Come sit down. Matthew staggers to his feet. He's overcome with emotion.
72) 19) dialog: Shh... it's all okay, Matthew. I know that none of this was your fault. You tried to help me.
72) 21) dialog: I know that, Matthew. Now come. Matthew sits down next to Jennifer. It's almost as if som force is controlling him. Matthew looks into her eyes. He leans forwards and rests his head in Jennifer's lap. H finally lets himself go, like a child having a meltdown.
72) 24) dialog: (stroking his head) Shh...I know. I know you are. Matthew's so caught up in the moment, that he fails to no A ROPE from the tool shed with a good SLIT KNOT being sna around his neck.
72) 25) dialog: But tell me again, Matthew. I want to hear how sorry you are. Matthew's eyes fly open. Jennifer's hands jerk backwards. The rope digs into his flesh. He tries to speak but his windpipe can't produce any sound. Matthew rolls to the floor, Jennifer never loses her gras She stands over Matthew, twisting the rope as hard as she can. His eyes bulge, the veins in his face protrude-- Realizing he's about to slip away forever, Matthew displa one last burst of strength but Jennifer uses her leverage get her foot on his chest and pulls harder. Frightened and furious, Matthew whips Jennifer around aga But she refuses to let go.
72) 31) dialog: (whispers in his ear) Tell me again... CLOSE ON: Matthew's mouth. He can't actually speak; his voice box shattered. But he mouths the words.
72) 34) dialog: I'm sorry? That's just not good enough. She pulls the slip knot around his neck again and begins
72) 36) dialog: Now I want you to cry like a little girl for me. Matthew begins to wail.
73) 0) text: Matthews screams echoes out through woods, but his, much Jennifer, go unheard.
75) 0) text: Jennifer walks into focus -  We see her now, wounds healed, only the faintest hint of beating and trauma she went through.
75) 6) dialog: Forgive me father, for I will sin. 
81) 0) text: Stanley waddles out the back of the shack. He stops. Abou twenty yards away and sees JENNIFER leaning against a tre
83) 0) text: STANLEY'S POV: It's Jennifer and in her hand is his video camera.
83) 1) dialog: I know. You like to watch. Don't you. Don't you worry, I'll give  you quite a show. She sets the camera on top of a tri-pod right in front of face, frames up and hits record. She looks up to him. Stanley's arms are tied behind a tree, his head is held i position, duct tapped back against the tree. His legs are anchored to the ground. The bloody mangled o still in the bear trap that bites and gnaws at his leg wi every move.
83) 2) dialog: Since you like to watch. She flips the monitor of the camera toward him just like did to her. She stands in front of Stanley's face. Stanley wants to s something but his pain is too intense.
83) 3) dialog: Can't talk, can you? Well, maybe it's because you're hungry. Jennifer goes to grabs something behind her.
83) 4) dialog: You know, you have to eat some real nasty shit out here to stay alive.
83) 11) dialog: What's wrong, you don't like it? I prefer the maggots to the meat. Jennifer site down next to Stanley. She glances over to t monitor to see what he is looking at. Then she reaches ov and into a burlap sack. Stanley stares straight ahead, at the monitor in front of him. Jennifer reaches into the burlap bag and takes out a roll fishing line. Then she takes out a pack of fish hooks. Stanley's eyes go wide. Jennifer removes the hooks from their package. She holds between her thumb and forefinger and studies the barbed t Smiling to herself, she threads the hooks with fishing li
83) 13) dialog: 
83) 16) dialog: I'll be back before you have a chance to blink. Jennifer stands up and brushes herself off and walks to-- WITH ANDY: Jennifer comes over and slaps him in the head.
83) 22) dialog: How ya' doing sport?
83) 24) dialog: Please? I thought, no, I'm pretty sure you said something like this... Jennifer grabs a wad of his HAIR and SMASHES his face int
83) 26) dialog: Suck it bitch. She pulls his head back up.
83) 27) dialog: Does that ring any bells? Jennifer gets real close to his ear--
83) 28) dialog: 
83) 30) dialog: 
83) 32) dialog: Bi tch. She holds his head down for a very long time as his body struggles - then up. Andy gasps for breath as Stanley's screams get louder--
83) 33) dialog: I think Stanley's calling me. I'll be right back. If you need me- She walks off-- 
83) 39) dialog: Like the show so far?
83) 42) dialog: Let me help you. Jennifer takes a slender knife from the bag. Working quickly, Jennifer guts a FISH.
83) 43) dialog: Here, this might feel better. She leans in and smears the bloody fish guts onto Stanley eyeballs.
83) 46) dialog: Don't drown too soon. Andy tries to buck her off, gasping for breath, buckling under her added weight. Jennifer slams his head back into water, and then up again... then down as she holds it.
83) 47) dialog: Hold it... hold it... hold it... Then she pulls his head back up as Andy spits water all o
83) 55) dialog: Now is that any way to talk to a lady? And back down with his head - it is exhausting to watch. WITH STANLEY: As a single CROW shows up by his head. He tries to look at the bird to see what it is doing, but can't move. ON THE MONITOR: The CROW has jumped onto Stanley's head - looking at his eyes -- It begins to peck at them. Stanley
83) 58) dialog: I'm impressed. You got a lot of fight in you. Let's see how you do now. Jennifer brings forth the bucket.
83) 60) dialog: oh, just some lye I found laying around.
83) 62) dialog: Let's see how long you can keep that pretty little face of yours. Andy strains to keep his head faced at her.
83) 69) dialog: You already did that. I didn't enjoy it much. Now it's my turn to fuck you. Andy's neck is straining to keep his head out.
83) 70) dialog: That's an awfully big head you got. Your neck must be getting tired. Every vein in his neck now bulges. Andy's eyes start to water with tears.
83) 73) dialog: Andy?
83) 75) dialog: Fuck you. Andy's neck gives out dunking his head in the lye bath. H writhes with pain as he lifts it back out - BEET RED and
91) 0) text: Johnny is buck-naked. His hands are tied tightly together and pulled above his head, running through an eye hook th has been screwed into one of the shack's wooden beams. Hi eyes flicker. Jennifer walks up to him, right to his face.
91) 2) dialog: Your mouth doesn't look so good. Maybe you should-- With a massive TUG she pulls back on the bridle that bite into his raw, bloody mouth.
91) 8) dialog: 
91) 17) dialog: Oooh, you're an ornery stallion, aren't you? Jennifer tilts her head and looks at him, as you would a fascinating piece of art.
91) 18) dialog: Guess I'm gonna have to tame you.
91) 20) dialog: Oh, that's the problem. You still have some teeth left. We're gonna have to fix that. Jennifer clamps the.pliers down tightly on Johnny's tooth He tries to move but between the bridle cutting into his mouth and the pressure on the tooth, it's sheer agony. Jennifer jerks her hand from side to side, squeezing the tooth as hard as she can in the pliers. Finally, the root breaks free of the pulp and Johnny's tooth is extracted. Johnny flails around in severe agony.
91) 21) dialog: Save your strength. You got a few more races to run. Johnny screams something unholy. Jennifer holds the tooth in the air and inspects it.
91) 22) dialog: I have to admit, I didn't think it went that far down. Jennifer sticks the pliers in again, latching it onto ano tooth.
91) 28) dialog: 
91) 31) dialog: That's disgusting. Even your boys didn't piss themselves. Be a man, will you?! Jennifer takes the bridle and yanks Johnny's around, the is so bad he can hardly fight. He grimaces and spits out mouthful of blood at her.
91) 32) dialog: Now that's not gonna get you a sugar cube.
91) 35) dialog: We'll get to that. Jennifer pulls out a gun.
91) 36) dialog: 
91) 43) dialog: Give him a kiss.
91) 45) dialog: Breathe through your nose. It helps. You know, like it was your first time. Johnny's body flails with all his might as- ABOVE: The eye hook loosens a bit more--
91) 49) dialog: I hear sometimes a stallion can get a little headstrong. They don't want to be trained... refuse to be broken...
91) 52) dialog: You slice off every ounce of their foul manhood. She slices it closed again. As Jennifer closes in, the look in Johnny's face says it But there is simply nothing he can do about it.
91) 58) dialog: You geld them. SLICE! - Johnny's eyes rolls back as he SCREAMS!!!! She holds the piece of limp, pink flesh in her hand. Despite everything he's been through, this brings forth a entirely new level of pain. He screams and bucks as the EYEHOOK continues to loosen. Jennifer bends down for a moment, bringing something up f the floor. She comes back to a screaming Johnny as she-- SHOVES HIS CASTRATED PENIS INTO HIS MOUTH.
91) 59) dialog: No teeth show horse... no teeth. Johnny flails with all his might, screaming, spitting as- ABOVE: The eye hook finally gives way. Johnny's tied hand come crashing down directly on top of Jennifer. Jennifer goes flying with a bloody enraged Johnny now fre he grabs and claws after her. Jennifer desperately kicks and scratches to get away from this hideous, blood-soaked monster - but Johnny grabs hol onto her leg - he drags her closer as she loses her grip- With one solid kick, Jennifer connects with Johnny in the face - he sprawls out from pain - as she gets up and race out the door - Slamming it closed as she exits. She leans against it holding it closed.
92) 0) text: Within seconds the door is kicked at, banged at, punched Johnny screams wildly from inside as-- Jennifer holds it with all her strength. Slowly the cries and banging fade until there is nothing silence. Slowly she slides down on her bottom... exhausted, spent completely devoid of all emotion.
95) 28) dialog: Howdy, Sheriff. 
95) 30) dialog: Hills. Jennifer Hills.
95) 37) dialog: I have to tell you, it's really been a pleasure meeting your family. You have a wonderful daughter with a bright and promising future.
95) 39) dialog: We'll see you soon, Sheriff.
98) 0) text: Sheriff Storch gets back inside. He immediately picks up CB. But just as he opens his mouth to speak, lie glances the rearview mirror. His eyes meet Jennifer's. Before he can turn, Jennifer pistol whips him in the temp He falls forward, his head smacking into the steering whe The HONKING of the horn echoes throughout the empty park.
99) 7) dialog: Does that hurt? Come on, I thought you were an ass man, Sheriff.
99) 9) dialog: I'd be careful how you speak to me at the moment, Sheriff. (BEAT) By "she," I assume you mean your daughter?
99) 11) dialog: She really is lovely, Sheriff. So young. So sweet. I mean, can you imagine?
99) 13) dialog: Imagine if someone had done this to her. Jennifer walks behind the Sheriff. She wraps her fingers around the barrel of the gun and shoves it in, deeper. The Sheriff's expression is one of unbridled agony. Jenni continues to sodomize him with the shotgun.
99) 14) dialog: Someone like Andy?
100) 4) dialog: So was I. She gets to the corner of the room where a hulking figure site tied up in a burlap sack. Jennifer removes it reveal a dead MATTHEW... or is he? She ties the line to Matthews wrist. The other end is tie onto the shotgun's trigger.
100) 7) dialog: Neither are you.
102) 1) dialog: He'll be waking up soon. If I were you, I'd tell him not to move.
102) 8) dialog: Sorry, Sheriff... She leans in close to his face. 
102) 9) dialog: "It was fun while it lasted". 
107) 0) text: Jennifer walks off as the sounds of the last remnants of echoing gunshot fade into nothing. Jennifer doesn't miss beat. She continues to walk off.
109) 0) text: Jennifer turns to the dilapidated shack. in the distance sees the officers escorting a handcuffed Matthew out. SLOW MOTION: As Matthew is wildly kicking and screaming i furious panic. The Officers try to subdue him. Jennifer just stares, devoid of emotion. Then, after a minute, she turns and continues to walk off into the wood ON JENNIFER: As she continues to walk away - and then - a she continue closer to CAMERA - the smallest hint of a wr smile - nearly imperceptible, but it's there, creeps acro her face.