4) 0) text: Jennifer gets out of the car and fumbles to fold back the as she twists the knob off her gas tank and reaches for t pump. A HAND comes down on top of her own. Jennifer spins around.  Standing there, smiling, is JOHNNY. He takes the pump fro Jennifer and inserts it into her gas tank.
4) 1) dialog: Didn't mean to frighten you. Johnny is good-looking in a rugged sort of way. He's sine but athletic and strong. Jennifer regains her composure.
4) 3) dialog: You are definitely lost. 
4) 5) dialog: Nah, you sure missed it. It's a  good ten miles back, left turn  after the big red mailbox.
4) 17) dialog: You, uh... staying at the cabin? Jennifer hesitates for a second. Just as Jennifer opens h mouth to respond, the shrill notes of a HARMONICA shatter silence. Jennifer turns quickly to the garage. In the garage, ANDY, one of Johnny's employees, sits on t fender of a broken down car. He holds a harmonica to his lips. He's in his mid-30's with shaggy hair and arms that look like they could bend steel. STANLEY, one of Johnny and Andy's buddies, walks up behin Andy. He's balding and overweight, and digs into a bag of pork rinds.
4) 21) dialog: You know, you're running a little hot. Want me to uh... maybe I should check under your hood? Jennifer almost laughs at the way that sounded.
4) 28) dialog: I don't know, how's it working for you? Johnny saunters over to the pump and in a phallic manner, pulls the pump out. It gets laughs from the peanut galler Jennifer looks away, a line has been crossed. She looks t the pump again. $19.78.
4) 35) dialog: I'll get that.
4) 38) dialog: I'm fine. Johnny looks away, angry. He's certainly not the type of who can laugh at himself easily, if at all. From the gara Stanley and Andy point at him and guffaw.
4) 52) dialog: I said I was fine. Suddenly, Jennifer grows uneasy. She smiles uncomfortably gets in the car and drives away. Johnny takes a bandana from his pocket and wipes his brow He watches Jennifer's car disappear and spits on the grou as the laughter escalates in her absence. Johnny spins.
4) 53) dialog: What the hell are you two dipshits laughing at?!
24) 12) dialog: Humane you dipshit. Johnny site in a chair holding his fishing rod between hi knees. A cigarette dangles from his mouth and a beer is perpetually glued to his hand.
24) 17) dialog: Hits my ass, now you two retards gonna fish or what? Matthew comes crashing out of the foliage, knocks over th cooler spilling ice and beer all over.
24) 25) dialog: Alright. Now we're all here, what's the big show, Stanley?
24) 29) dialog: 
24) 48) dialog: What babe from the city?
24) 50) dialog: Bullshit. Matthew snaps the rubber band more. Johnny turns quickly him.
24) 51) dialog: Cut that shit homo! How many times I gotta tell you. Stanley gets the camera ready.
24) 54) dialog: What's this about a kiss? 
24) 61) dialog: Bullshit.
24) 63) dialog: Don't lie to me dipshit.
24) 77) dialog: Bullshit. I could tame that ass if I wanted to.
24) 91) dialog: Let me tell you something. I had her creaming in her panties.
24) 93) dialog: 
24) 95) dialog: Bitch like that comes up here for one reason. Sitting in that window, tits flapping in the wind for all to see. You know?
24) 97) dialog: How do you know, ya fuckin' virgin? Let me tell you something. They're all like that! Fucking big city cock-teasing whore is all she is. He flicks his cigarette and it sizzles out in the water. he gets right up in Matthew's face.
24) 98) dialog: You'd have no idea what to do with a piece of ass like that. But luckily I'm your friend. Johnny hands him a beer and pats him on the back firmly.
36) 0) text: Jennifer immediately goes over to her table where the lap is set up. She shuffles some papers around when- Something on her laptop screen catches her attention. She leans forward, brow furrowed. ON LAPTOP SCREEN: A picture of Johnny, Stanley, and Andy leering into the laptop's camera. Like a nightmarish phot booth snapshot.
36) 1) dialog: Nice shot huh? Jennifer shrieks and spins around only to find -- Standing there, right inside the front door, is Johnny. H smiles. Johnny shrugs calmly and continues milling about the room Jennifer spins around, looking for a way out.
36) 14) dialog: Now that's not very hospitable, is it? Then, the wooden stairs creak under Andy's steps as he wa down -- around his chest is one of Jennifer's bra stretch to the limit. He's twirling a thong panty on his finger. guys get a good laugh at Andy.
36) 16) dialog: You called the police? Or you will call the police?
36) 18) dialog: With what phone? Matthew said you dropped it in the drink. Jennifer doesn't answer.
36) 19) dialog: (looks at Stanley) Speaking of.. .where the hell is he? Stanley takes a few steps toward the back door.
36) 21) dialog: 
36) 30) dialog: --Let's not worry about that right now. Johnny hops up on the kitchen counter, cutting her off wi his leg. He then picks up the bottle of vodka, takes a sw
36) 31) dialog: Now what's a pretty little thing like you doing out here all alone?
36) 33) dialog: That right? The guys give a good chuckle-
36) 34) dialog: Well, I didn't realize you had a boyfriend coming down. We'd better get on outta here. Don't want to ruin date night.
36) 38) dialog: You know what I think. I think you're lying. There's no boyfriend. No man in his right mind would leave a girl like you all up here on your own.
36) 51) dialog: Yeah, well so will Santi Clause. Andy and Stanley are loving every minute of this. Matthew leans against the wall, his eyes on the floor.
36) 52) dialog: Come here. Have a drink with me.
36) 54) dialog: What's a matter? Too good to drink with us?
36) 56) dialog: 
36) 72) dialog: 
36) 75) dialog: Come on. You can do better than that. I bet when you're out there with your city friends you can throw 'em back with the best of them.
36) 77) dialog: I said drink it! Jennifer grows increasingly nervous and reluctantly takes nice swig. Then chokes and gags. They all cheer.
36) 83) dialog: See? Now was that so bad? Johnny takes the bottle back and takes a swig himself.
36) 85) dialog: Oh... that's not what this is about.
36) 87) dialog: I want to see your teeth. As if the air is sucked out of the room. Jennifer stares him, not even sure she heard him correctly. Matthew snaps the rubber band harder. He moves to the far corner of the room and tucks himself against the wall.
36) 89) dialog: You heard me, show Horse. Show me your teeth.
36) 91) dialog: (quiet, but firm) Show the teeth... Andy walks over and hands Johnny the small wooden bat he to kill the fish. Johnny smacks it against his palm.
36) 92) dialog: .or lose the teeth.
36) 103) dialog: No. Put two fingers in the side of your mouth. Then two fingers in the other side... and pull. Jennifer looks at Johnny like he's seriously disturbed as Johnny slaps the bat against his hand punctuating his poi Jennifer puts her fingers in her mouth. She pulls her lip away from the gums, spreading them grotesquely. It's completely humiliating. Jennifer stops.
36) 105) dialog: Uh, uh. Again. Jennifer reinserts her fingers and pulls. Johnny reaches into her mouth and grabs a hold of her two front teeth wi his thumb and forefinger.
36) 106) dialog: Alright. Good girl, Show Horse. Johnny pulls down on Jennifer's teeth, forcing her to the floor. Jennifer looks as if she's about to cry, near her the ground is the broken glass. Stanley and Andy needle each other like schoolboys. Matth shuffles nervously, clearly uncomfortable at being there.
36) 107) dialog: I'll tell you something sweetheart... know why you ain't got no boyfriend?... 'Cause all them city guys are faggots. Johnny turns to her.
36) 108) dialog: But uh... since he isn't here. Johnny pulls out his revolver.
36) 109) dialog: This is your man. He moves closer to her, rubbing the gun against her cheek her chin. The blood drains from her face as -
36) 115) dialog: Why don't you give him a kiss- With terror in her eyes, Jennifer quickly kisses the gun-
36) 116) dialog: Nah, not like the peck you gave Matthew... let's see a real kiss. He slides the barrel into Jennifer's mouth. Jennifer gags instinctively. Johnny holds the back of her head, not allowing her to pull away, and offers some "encouragement
36) 117) dialog: Breathe through your nose. Breathe through your nose like it was your first time. Johnny pulls the gun out just a tiny bit and pushes it ba into her cheek, causing it to bulge out. Naturally, Stanley and Andy both find this hysterical. Especially once Jennifer begins to cry.
36) 118) dialog: 
36) 120) dialog: if I don't like your enthusiasm, I may cum early. (cocks the gun) And that's something you really don't want. Jennifer has no choice. She begins to fellate the gun, as deep as she can take it without gagging. Johnny closes his eyes and feigns pleasure. Finally, he's had enough. He retracts the gun as Jennifer recoils, gags Her eyes begin to scan the cabin for any way out of this as Andy stands up from the couch.
36) 134) dialog: What do you mean you don't want to?
42) 33) dialog: Better yet, let's show him. As I recall, those pretty little lips couldn't get enough.
42) 40) dialog: Show him those teeth, Show Horse.
42) 56) dialog: Keep whinnying! Jennifer looks up at Sheriff Storch with pleading eyes. Sheriff Storch picks her up by her hair but-- Jennifer comes up swinging -- connecting with the Sheriff face. The slightest scratch across his lip. Sheriff Storch turns beet red. He backhands her across th face sending her back down to the floor. A thin line of blood flows from her nose. The Sheriff looks over to John licks his lip and nods his head.
42) 58) dialog: Alright, come on, Show Horse. Get up. Or you won't get a sugar cube. Jennifer struggles to her feet. She stands in front of th defenseless. Johnny grabs her hair and pulls her head far back. She lets out a half-moan.
42) 64) dialog: 
42) 66) dialog: I'm not asking, now cut that rubber band shit faggot.
42) 68) dialog: 
42) 79) dialog: Come on. Move that rear of your's Show Horse. Prance for us. Sheriff Storch stalks around her, taking it all in, then walks back in closer to her, in her face.
42) 82) dialog: Prance like you mean it. Like you do when you want to get laid. With a swift, hard backhand, Sheriff Storch smacks her as and hard.
42) 109) dialog: Jesus, Matthew. You're getting your ass whooped by a girl! Matthew snaps: He wraps his hands around her neck and beg pumping away like a lunatic. For some reason, the anger allows him to perform. Jennifer struggles to breathe. Luckily, before all oxygen her brain is cut off, Matthew stops. He SCREAMS as he finishes. His hands fall from her neck as he collapses on top of her. The MEN all cheer as Matthew staggers to his feet -- weak He looks like he could throw up -- and he does - right of the side as the others just lose it! Jennifer curls herself into a ball and SOBS.
42) 117) dialog: 
42) 120) dialog: 
44) 0) text: Andy sits on a log blowing softly into the harmonica as t rest of the guys lounge around casually as if they instinctively knew she'd end up here. Jennifer is too shocked to move, too tired to cry. Jennifer tries to escape but Johnny stops her. He grabs h by the shoulders and throws her to Andy who smacks her do in the shallow water. Andy pounces down on her back. Stanley kneels down right in front of Jennifer's face. He places the MiniDV cam only a few feet in front of her. He then turns the LCD so it's facing Jennifer -- so she can actually watch herself being abused. Andy pulls her eyelids wide open and holds them there.
44) 13) dialog: Alright. This filly's got a few more races to run-- Sheriff Storch approaches Jennifer. Although she can't ev turn around, she senses their presence. Storch gets down into her face.
44) 28) dialog: No teeth Show Horse. No teeth. Her vision grows hazy. The sky, water, and ground all see to meld together.
45) 2) dialog: Don't you know you should wait for the lady?
45) 5) dialog: Don't be so proud of yourself Andy. I clocked you at just over two minutes. Jennifer musters up her last ounce of strength and gets t her feet. The men all stare, impressed at her resolve. Jennifer's torn clothes hang loosely off her body as she staggers away and wanders aimlessly away from them. It's miracle she can even walk. She continues until the forest ends and she comes upon a-
48) 2) dialog: Yeah, too bad we have to put you down, Show Horse. in a final act of defiance, Jennifer falls back off the bridge and into the murky, moving water. immediately, the men rush to the edge of the bridge. The Sheriff's gun cocked and ready-- Tracking down the wa Not a sign. They all look down, waiting, still nothing.
48) 6) dialog: Sheriff? Sheriff Storch pulls back his gun, and adjusts his hat, d in thought.
49) 1) dialog: Nothin'... 
50) 0) text: The reservoir is much calmer at these parts. Sheriff stan on watch as- Stanley and Andy come from the water in waders having jus searched the water. Matthew stands where they just came from. He stays, stari at the swamp like water as if Jennifer was somewhere in  there. Johnny finishes off a cigarette and flicks it.
50) 7) dialog: Well, what now? Storch takes another look down the river, scanning it.
50) 12) dialog: I'll buff out the serial numbers too. Sell the parts at salvage. Storch nods in approval as his eyes wander to the camera.
50) 25) dialog: And there was no trace at all? Nothing in the woods? In the shallows? Andy shakes his head. Stanley rubs his eyes hard.
50) 27) dialog: Well ain't that the headline. Soon  as we finish this and haul her car into the garage, you can stuff your face 'til you puke.
50) 30) dialog: Jesus Christ. He's not playing with a full deck as it is.
50) 37) dialog: The last thing we need is him getting squirrelly on us. (looks at the two of them)
50) 44) dialog: We all got to make sure he keeps it together, okay?
54) 0) text: POV: A car with two women pulls up to the gas pump. Johnn comes out of the garage and saunters over to them. Johnny playfully harasses the women. To a casual observer it would seem harmless. But we know it could be the prelu to something unspeakable. Finally, the women pull away. Johnny walks back into the garage, a smug, self-satisfied smile on his face.
55) 2) dialog: Maybe. Guarantee you they'll be back. Johnny looks up as Stanley stumbles into the garage, hold a six pack of beer.
55) 10) dialog: 
55) 14) dialog: Just one, you hear me? Don't need you passing out on your watch you lightweight. Andy takes a large sip.
55) 16) dialog: The fuck's he doing down there?
55) 24) dialog: You'll keep lookin' till I tell ya' to stop. As he turns away there is a bag of Stanley's pork rinds, grabs it and throws it at Stanley.
55) 25) dialog: Here's your supplies.  Andy starts to laugh as Johnny exits. 
56) 0) text: From a distance we see Andy laughing and Johnny walking o
62) 0) text: Johnny and Andy are sitting on the porch in lawn chairs drinking beer. Both of them turn to see Stanley bounding up to the stati in a tizzy.
62) 2) dialog: Something's spooked the cattle.
62) 10) dialog: What the hell's got your nuts tied in a sling? Stanley is completely out of breath.
62) 15) dialog: The hell you talking about?
62) 17) dialog: Wait a minute. You mean the one Storch smashed to bits. That tape?
62) 19) dialog: You stupid retard piece of shit. You tellin' me you kept the tape? Johnny grabs Stanley by the neck and slams him up against car, and begins to Strangle the life out of him.
62) 20) dialog: Where is it?!
62) 31) dialog: You're too dumb to know how dumb you are. Where's the fuckin' tape?!
62) 35) dialog: Who else knew about it? A beat of silence hangs in theair.
62) 38) dialog: The kid's barely got one oar in the water and you just took it and shoved it up his ass. Andy walks by Stanley and slaps him in the head for good measure.
62) 39) dialog: Unfreakin' real. Do you understand the world of shit we are all in right now.Do you?!
62) 55) dialog: No... no. We don't breathe a word of this. (points to them both) Not a damn word. Sheriff gets wind of this, we'll all be having "hunting accidents": We clear? Johnny slaps Stanley in the head again for good measure.
62) 56) dialog: in the meantime, find that little shitwhit Matthew. Me and him are gonna have a talk.
63) 0) text: Johnny reclines on his couch, watching TV. One hand is do his pants and the other holds a bottle of whisky. Suddenly, there's a CRASH at his front door. Johnny looks and puts down the bottle, not overly concerned.
63) 1) dialog: Hello? No answer at the door. Johnny groans and gets off the cou annoyed at being disturbed. He walks over to the front do and yanks it open. The front porch is empty. Just as he's about to close the door, he glances down. There's a dead bird on the stoop. Johnny narrows his eyes and looks out into the night. The he closes the door and returns to the couch.
64) 0) text: Johnny holds the gun in front of him. He pivots slowly fr side to side, scanning the entire property. No more birds In fact, nothing at all. Dead silence.
64) 1) dialog: 
64) 3) dialog: Shit ain't funny fuckers!!! See how funny a bullet in your ass is! When there's still no response -- Johnny finally backs up into the house and closes the door.
65) 1) dialog: Got dammit! This time, Johnny races to the door and yanks it open, cocking the gun on the way and fires into the night.
66) 0) text: Johnny causally looks down - but this time it's not a bir It's a shoe... Jennifer's shoe. Johnny bends down and picks it up. He studies it. Frowns. Someone's gone too far. Then he hears something scurry of in-the distance.
66) 11) dialog: 
68) 14) dialog: Somebody threw it at my fuckin' door. Then snaps Matthew's rubber band at them it hits Stanley winces.
68) 16) dialog: Did either of you find that little prick?
68) 23) dialog: Nah, genius over here reloaded. Tape you smashed had nothing on it. Storch looks to Johnny - then snaps his gun towards him.
68) 34) dialog: Hey, I just found out myself. Storch swings the gun back to Stanley.
68) 39) dialog: It's Matthew, Sheriff. Stanley kept  the souvenir, but Matthew's the one that took it. The Sheriff backs off a beat, sizes up the situation. Johnny brings forth the shoe. Sheriff's eyes seethe with rage.
68) 40) dialog: The crazy bastard left me a present.
68) 57) dialog: Much? At all. Kid's fucked three ways to Sunday. We can't find him and trust me, we been looking.
89) 0) text: Johnny site at his desk, a phone planted to his ear.
89) 1) dialog: .since when? Since last night... No Sheriff, I ain't heard from 'em. Johnny notices something in his small surveillance TV. ANGLE ON TV: A truck pulls up to the station, a hot woman a skimpy outfit gets out of the truck. She pops the hood obscuring her once she does. Johnny sits up in his seat.
89) 2) dialog: Look, like I said, as soon as dipshit or fuckface show up or call in, I'll let you know. ASAP. Now I got a customer. Johnny hangs up and walks out of the station.
90) 0) text: A truck is parked at the pump. Its hood is up and a woman leans over the engine. Her ass is perfectly framed in a tight miniskirt, from which two, long flawless legs desce into a pair of blood-red high heels. Johnny walks over to her, wiping his hands on his bandana the woman shimmies her hips, almost inviting him to appro her. And Johnny, being Johnny, doesn't need much. Johnny is close enough to touch her. He snickers a bit, never taking his eyes off her ass.
90) 1) dialog: Can I fill it up for you, ma'am? The woman wears sunglasses and slowly turns to Johnny. Johnny takes a long look from bottom to top - and when he gets to her face - it registers - but before he can do anything, Jennifer swings a tire iron and catches him rig across the jaw. A handful of teeth, ejected by a spurt of fresh blood as Johnny falls face-first into the ground.
91) 0) text: Johnny is buck-naked. His hands are tied tightly together and pulled above his head, running through an eye hook th has been screwed into one of the shack's wooden beams. Hi eyes flicker. Jennifer walks up to him, right to his face.
91) 15) dialog: 
91) 19) dialog: Bithh... With a bunch of teeth missing, Johnny's lisp is pronounce Jennifer saunters around him seductively. She removes something from behind her back and brings forth a rusty p of pliers. Jennifer steps closer.
91) 30) dialog: Pleath...for the loth oth thod,
91) 34) dialog: Justh kill me. Kill me you bith.
91) 46) dialog: 
92) 0) text: Within seconds the door is kicked at, banged at, punched Johnny screams wildly from inside as-- Jennifer holds it with all her strength. Slowly the cries and banging fade until there is nothing silence. Slowly she slides down on her bottom... exhausted, spent completely devoid of all emotion.
93) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE on Johnny. His lifeless body lays on the floor surrounded by a pool of blood.