22) 0) text: Jennifer stands next to the kitchen counter. She holds he hair dryer which is going at full blast. Her cell phone i propped open on the counter in front of her. She's doing best to dry it out. Suddenly, a hand reaches out and taps her on the shoulder Jennifer SCREAMS and spins around, turning the hair dryer her assailant. An equally frightened MATTHEW throws his hands up in fron his face and SCREAMS just as loudly. He has several think colored rubber bands on his wrist.
22) 6) dialog: P1... please! I... I came to fix the plumbing.
22) 12) dialog: I... I was knocking on the d...door a...a... while. Jennifer breathes a sigh of relief, especially after she a look at Matthew. He's in his mid-30's, but could pass f a good ten years younger. Awkward and shy, he can barely make eye contact with her.
23) 0) text: Matthew works away underneath the sink. Jennifer watches from the bedroom sitting on the end of the bed, trying to make small talk.
23) 2) dialog: (muffled, under the sink) N...not much.
23) 4) dialog: Uh... it's just older pipes. Matthew continues his work, you can tell he is uncomforta with the conversation.
23) 6) dialog: No...no one lives around here.
23) 13) dialog: My... my whole life... Jennifer looks to his wrist. It's all red. Matthew turns on the faucet. Out comes a hard stream of cold, clear water. He flushes the toilet and then turns o the shower to the same result.
23) 14) dialog: All fixed. Jennifer squeals with excitement. She wraps her arms arou Matthew and plants a kiss on his cheek.
24) 24) dialog: Q..Quit it Andy.
24) 35) dialog: What are you ta... talking 'bout Stanley?
24) 62) dialog: No, she did Johnny. She kissed me.
24) 75) dialog: Yeah, and she likes me... she was nice to me. Stretching a rubber band.
24) 96) dialog: Nah... She's not like that, Johnny. Johnny snorts, condescendingly.
36) 133) dialog: I...I ddd...don't want to. Johnny walks up to Matthew, angrily, and slaps him across face. He points to Jennifer.
42) 84) dialog: Ok..kkay, I'll d...do it. Matthew walks slowly over to Jennifer. With no warning, Matthew takes Jennifer's face in his hands and kisses her The men HOWL with sadistic glee. Jennifer slaps him right across the face, then she tries to run but-- Sheriff Storch forces her to the ground. He walks up to Matthew.
49) 15) dialog: She slipped and fell! Matthew stands up, nervous, jittery, coming unglued.
49) 16) dialog: None of us touched her. I saw it. She was just... it was an accident. Johnny rolls his eyes and shakes his head.
50) 0) text: The reservoir is much calmer at these parts. Sheriff stan on watch as- Stanley and Andy come from the water in waders having jus searched the water. Matthew stands where they just came from. He stays, stari at the swamp like water as if Jennifer was somewhere in  there. Johnny finishes off a cigarette and flicks it.
53) 0) text: THE CAMERA tilts down from the treeline and falls back on Hendersonville. It's serene, peaceful and lonely.  Matthew sits in a small boat. He's been patrolling for Jennifer's body, but now the boat just sits in the middle the swamp where the river runs out. He stares out into the water as we slowly creep closer, a closer until we're extremely close on his face, his eyes unmoving.
57) 0) text: Matthew stands in the main room staring at the floor - th exact place where he raped Jennifer. After a long, drawn moment, he turns and walks to--
69) 0) text: Matthew, disheveled and weary, stumbles up the steps of t cabin. We get the feeling that this is almost a daily pilgrimage, as if he returns here to assuage his guilt. He rests his head on the wooden railing of the porch, for moment it looks as if he's about to cry.
69) 3) dialog: Who's there? Matthew walks cautiously into the cabin.
70) 0) text: But there is no one in sight. Matthew looks around from s to side, his eyes wide, filled with madness... . and then hears it again.
71) 0) text: Matthew, wild-eyed and panicked, gets to the top of the steps. He takes a heavy breath and then moves into the lo bedroom. seconds later he comes out, obviously empty.
71) 1) dialog: 
72) 0) text: MATTHEW'S POV: His vision is completely blurry. He struggles to get his bearings as he lays at the bottom of stairs; the side of his head rests on the floor. A thin line of blood has already started to run down his cheek. Matthew's vision starts to come back into focus as a BLUR IMAGE starts to move away from him. As the IMAGE gets further away - it comes into focus - JENNIFER We see her now, wounds healed, only the faintest hint of beating and trauma she went through.
72) 6) dialog: 
72) 9) dialog: Huh?
72) 11) dialog: I...am I dreaming? Jennifer pats the couch next to her.
72) 13) dialog: I... I... need to tell... Jennifer holds a single finger to her lips.
72) 20) dialog: I did... I really did.
72) 22) dialog: 
72) 32) dialog: 
73) 0) text: Matthews screams echoes out through woods, but his, much Jennifer, go unheard.
102) 0) text: Matthew stirs a bit as he starts to come to.
104) 0) text: Sheriff Storch tries to wriggle free - but every move he makes is the most painful experience imaginable. Matthew continues to stir awake, his eyes flutter open.
104) 2) dialog: --Sheriff! BANQ/// Matthew is splattered with blood, and body parts.
106) 0) text: Matthew's crouched in a ball on the floor, covered in blo the Sheriff, blood sprayed across the table, eyes wide op DEAD.
108) 0) text: The cops drag a blood soaked Matthew out of the cabin. He a disturbed, psychotic, babbling mess.
109) 0) text: Jennifer turns to the dilapidated shack. in the distance sees the officers escorting a handcuffed Matthew out. SLOW MOTION: As Matthew is wildly kicking and screaming i furious panic. The Officers try to subdue him. Jennifer just stares, devoid of emotion. Then, after a minute, she turns and continues to walk off into the wood ON JENNIFER: As she continues to walk away - and then - a she continue closer to CAMERA - the smallest hint of a wr smile - nearly imperceptible, but it's there, creeps acro her face.