38) 3) dialog: Okay, okay, I gotcha. The Sheriff helps Jennifer to her feet.
38) 6) dialog: Ma'am, please, you have to calm down. But Jennifer is hysterical, desperately holding back tear
38) 13) dialog: Ma'am, It's okay. I'm the Sheriff. You need to take a deep breath and tell me what happened. Jennifer forces herself to take a deep breath and manages pull herself together.
38) 15) dialog: Are you hurt? Do you need a hospital? Jennifer shakes her head.
38) 18) dialog: Around here?
38) 20) dialog: 
38) 29) dialog: Sounds like them boys been up to no good. Alright Earl. You best head on back. Me and Miss...
38) 31) dialog: Me and Miss Hills are gonna head on over to the cabin and straighten 'em out.
39) 0) text: Sheriff Storch and Jennifer enter the cabin. It appears empty.
39) 1) dialog: Hello?
40) 1) dialog: You here alone? 
40) 3) dialog: 
40) 6) dialog: Drink some tonight?
40) 14) dialog: (pointing to the glass) They do this, too?
40) 16) dialog: Okay, okay Ma'am. It's okay now. Them boys are gone. You're safe now. Jennifer nods to him, still shaken. Storch looks to the l on the back door.  He walks toward the back door and turns the dead bolt bac and forth.
41) 0) text: Sheriff Storch steps onto the porch. Jennifer follows. Sheriff Storch looks down and sees the dead bird at his f He pokes it with the barrel of his shotgun.
41) 1) dialog: How long you been here?
41) 3) dialog: Anything strange happen before this? You have a run in with any of these guys?
42) 0) text: Back inside, Sheriff Storch hooks his fingers into his be and continues to look around. His eyes casually fall upon the roach sitting in the asht He picks it up and smells it.
42) 1) dialog: Ma'am, is this your marijuana cigarette?  Suddenly, Jennifer realizes that simple possession might go over in this small town like it does in Manhattan.
42) 3) dialog: You mean to tell me that one of these guys was wearing lipstick? Storch holds up the roach. Jennifer notices the lipstick smear on the rolling paper. She casts her eyes downward.
42) 6) dialog: (into the walkie-talkie) This is Sheriff Storch. I'm at the Mockingbird Cabin. I gonna need some backup. The words out of the Sheriff's mouth seem almost surreal.
42) 14) dialog: Ma'am. You've been drinking and smoking marijuana, and you got enough alcohol here to put our whole town three sheets to the wind. You're running around in your nighty at the crack of dawn... You need to see this from my point of view.
42) 16) dialog: I just want to get to the bottom of it. You're making serious accusations bout' boys I've know since they was kids, and you  haven't been all together truthful now have you?
42) 34) dialog: 
42) 51) dialog: Whinny. With her top lip forced up by the barrel of the shotgun, Jennifer can only make a GRUNTING noise. Sheriff Storch takes the shotgun out of Jennifer's mouth and places it f against the side of her head. He pushes her to the floor. Jennifer lets out a YELP as she falls.
42) 54) dialog: 
42) 57) dialog: Think you outta tame this little mare of yours. Johnny takes the Sheriff's lead.
42) 71) dialog: Well, maybe it's not totally his fault. After all, she's not doing much to get his motor running. Sheriff Storch looks back to Jennifer.
42) 80) dialog: You dance like that in those city clubs? Jennifer closes her eyes. Tears stream down her face.
42) 85) dialog: Don't waste my time you thickheaded prick.
42) 96) dialog: 
42) 104) dialog: 
42) 107) dialog: 
42) 110) dialog: 
44) 14) dialog: I hope you got some fight left in you. I like it rough.
44) 17) dialog: Not to worry Darlin'. I'm an ass man. Sheriff Storch takes off his belt and unbuckles his pants He kneels down behind her.. Jennifer SHRIEKS as her face contorts with a completely n level of pain as her head is thrust back down. Then, out of the corner of her eye, Jennifer catches a glimpse of the Sheriff's GUN, still sitting in its holste Her eyes immediately go to Stanley who's busy swapping ou the MINI-DV tape and replacing it with a new one-- Then she sees Matthew leaning against a tree, a vacant lo in his eye twisting a rubber band through his fingers. Andy site on is ass, playing his harmonica... Her eyes continue to scan the area for Johnny who's nowhere in sig Then immediately her eyes dart back to the GUN.
48) 1) dialog: Sorry. it was fun while it lasted.
48) 12) dialog: All you get your butts down there, check under the bridge, both banks, in the trees right now. They all look at him. 
48) 14) dialog: I said right fuekin' now before I  throw you over! 
49) 2) dialog: Listen up. 'Bout six miles  downstream the creek ends in Hendersonville. somewhere between  here and there we're gonna find her. We split up. We check the  banks, in the timber, under a rock,  hell if you see a hole big enough for a rat I want it checked out. And don't stop 'til you find me a body.
49) 6) dialog: 
49) 17) dialog: Can someone get this dipshit outta my face! I don't need none of you screwing the pooch on this, least of all numbnuts over there. Sheriff Storch lets go of Stanley's collar and gives it a quick pat, almost like an imperceptible apology for his behavior.
50) 8) dialog: The body'll turn up. One way or another. Every day we check the ravine, from the bridge, straight  through down here, then back. Two shifts a day until we find  something. 'Cause with no body,  you're all as fucked as she is.
50) 10) dialog: 'Til I say! Okay?! Andy, you go back to the cabin and get rid of her shit. All of it! Burn it. And we need to sanitize that place something good. I don't want so much as a stray hair left.
50) 13) dialog: .and give me that. Sheriff Storch rips the camera from Stanley's hands. He pulls out the tape. He throws the tape to the ground and stomps on it, smashi it to bits. Stanley opens his mouth to say something, thi better of it, and closes it quickly.
51) 0) text: Sheriff Storch pulls up to his house. He parks in the driveway and gets out of his car. He walks slowly up to his front door. Just as he reaches to grab the door handle, the front door opens. MRS. STORC is there to greet him.
52) 0) text: Mrs. Storch closes the door behind them. Chastity races f her room holding a piece of paper.
52) 2) dialog: Just the usual, domestic dispute out near Clifton. Took forever.
52) 6) dialog: Oh yeah, what am I gonna be proud of?
52) 13) dialog: Of course I can. I expect nothing less from my Angel.
52) 20) dialog: Every time I come in here this place gets worse. Earl's bent over one of the tanks, elbow-deep in fetid wa
52) 27) dialog: Yeah, well, you're lucky I don't cite you for being a public health hazard. Sheriff Storch reaches into his pocket and pulls out a se keys. He holds them in the air and JINGLES them. Earl finally looks up, confused.
52) 30) dialog: Yeah, I couldn't make heads or tails of it. Found marijuana cigarettes, case of booze, looked  to me like she was a party girl... a very wild one.
52) 32) dialog: Nah, place is fine. She packed up and split.
52) 34) dialog: Why's that?
52) 36) dialog: Christmas come early. Enjoy it.
52) 38) dialog: Me too.
60) 0) text: All is quiet. Sheriff Storch reclines in his lazyboy. Mrs Storch is on the sofa rifling through a TV journal. The phone RINGS. Sheriff Storch lifts his head up. Mrs. Storch reaches over and answers.
60) 3) dialog: Earl?
60) 11) dialog: Yeah, so...
60) 13) dialog: Yeah, and... you know the story.
60) 16) dialog: Okay. I'll give her a call.
60) 18) dialog: Nah, It's late. I'll pick it up from you in the am. We're still on for tomorrow, right?
60) 21) dialog: Just fine.
61) 0) text: BLAM: A SHOTGUN blasts as smoke billows from the barrel. the distance, the shapes of Sheriff Storch and Earl come focus.
61) 1) dialog: Can you believe there used to be a limit on quail? Goddamn things are  like locust now.
61) 4) dialog: You're getting old, Earl. I remember back when you and my old  man chased that buck out of the  hollows on Stickler's Farm before bagging it.
61) 7) dialog: Here's to the good of days. Earl looks at him, surprised.
61) 16) dialog: And funerals. BLAM: -- Earl's chest erupts in a geyser of blood. Earl drops to the ground like a rag doll. The bottle fall from his grasp. The whisky flows into the dirt. Sheriff Storch stands up, clutching his smoking shotgun.
67) 0) text: Sheriff Storch enters, holding a bouquet of flowers. He closes the door behind him and walks in.
67) 1) dialog: Helen? Within seconds, Mrs. Storch materializes, apron on and wi her hands on a dish towel.
67) 3) dialog: I've been --
67) 5) dialog: I guess.
67) 7) dialog: Help with what?
67) 9) dialog: What tape?
67) 17) dialog: Did Chastity see this?
67) 19) dialog: Where is she?
67) 21) dialog: I'll... I'll be back... Sheriff Storch quickly turns away from his wife and hurri out the door. Mrs. Storch stands at the door and watches with growing curiosity as the cruiser peels out of the driveway, a clo of dust in its wake.
68) 21) dialog: Then you want to tell me why this was dropped off at my house?! To my WIFE! Storch shoves the TAPE in Stanley's mouth - gagging him. Then turns to Johnny.
68) 35) dialog: Eat that tape fatboy. Andy starts to laugh as Starch trains the gun back on the
68) 36) dialog: Shut your pie hole. Think this is funny?! I'll have him shit it down your throat when's he done eating it. Got that boy? .LAM; The Sheriff fires a shot into the air. They all jum Stanley covers his ears like it hurt.
68) 37) dialog: See, there's two kinds of crazy people. One likes to get buck naked and howl at the moon. The other kind does the exact same thing, only in my backyard. The first kind'I don't have to deal with, you know? The Sheriff walks right into Stanley's face as he continu to chew the plastic.
68) 47) dialog: You dipshits bring him to me! I'm gonna cut his little pecker off and use it as a goddamn hood ornament.
68) 58) dialog: You losers couldn't find your own asses with both hands and a map.
94) 0) text: Sheriff Storch drives through town. He scans each side of the street. His phone rings. He picks it up and answers it.
94) 1) dialog: Hi, honey.
94) 3) dialog: Nothing, why?
95) 2) dialog: Long day, that's all.
95) 4) dialog: Mrs. Novick?
95) 6) dialog: Oh yeah, okay.
95) 20) dialog: Well, I'll be home when I can. Busy today. if I don't make it, send her my regards. Sheriff Storch ends the call. Two seconds later the phone rings again. He looks at it, annoyed, answers.
95) 23) dialog: 
95) 29) dialog: Hi. It's truly an honor to speak with you Miss...
95) 36) dialog: Excuse me?
95) 38) dialog: What the fuck do you think you're doing!--
95) 40) dialog: No - wait-- But the call ends.
96) 0) text: The squad car screeches to a stop right in front of Sheri Storch's house. Hearing the commotion, Mrs. Storch walks out onto the por She's almost knocked to the ground as her husband comes barreling up the steps.
96) 2) dialog: Chastity, where is she?! Mrs. Storch has absolutely no idea what is going on. In h mind, their daughter couldn't be in better hands.
96) 16) dialog: Goddamnit!
97) 0) text: The squad car skids to a stop on the grass of the park. I a modest recreation area that has seen better days. Sheriff Storch jumps out of the car, still leaving it running, and sprints into the park. A few feet away, an empty swing blows gently in the breez The metal brackets screech loudly with every movement. Sheriff Storch spins around in circles, a maelstrom of confusion. He looks around frantically for anything that will give him a clue as to the whereabouts of his daughte
98) 0) text: Sheriff Storch gets back inside. He immediately picks up CB. But just as he opens his mouth to speak, lie glances the rearview mirror. His eyes meet Jennifer's. Before he can turn, Jennifer pistol whips him in the temp He falls forward, his head smacking into the steering whe The HONKING of the horn echoes throughout the empty park.
99) 0) text: Sheriff Storch comes to. Blood trickles down from the sid his head. He's bent over the table, pants at his ankles. His SHOTGU propped up behind him with the barrel inserted into his a With every move, a scorching pain courses through his bod
99) 6) dialog: Ahhhhhh! Jennifer walks over to the table and rests her elbow on i Sheriff Storch speaks through gritted teeth.
99) 8) dialog: Where is she, you bitch? Jennifer slams the gun deeper. The Sheriff's body goes st The Sheriff screams again.
99) 10) dialog: What'd you do to her?
99) 12) dialog: Imagine what?
100) 2) dialog: 
100) 5) dialog: 
102) 2) dialog: (pained to talk) I'm begging you. Don't do this. We can figure something out. Matthew stirs again.
104) 0) text: Sheriff Storch tries to wriggle free - but every move he makes is the most painful experience imaginable. Matthew continues to stir awake, his eyes flutter open.
104) 1) dialog: Matthew don't!-- But it's too late - a startled Matthew jumps back--