2) 2) text: The player nearest the window shuts it. The Dealer, who a owns the restaurant, is the talkative type of poker playe Except for THE CINCINNATI KID, the other men at the table look like hoods of one sort or another: gunmen, labor spi extortionists, what have you. The man who fancies himself the toughest of them all is named DANNY, and he and The K have almost all the money on the table between them, abou hundred dollars in front of each. No other player has mor than a few dollars left, and now, as fifth cards are deal there is about forty dollars in the pot. Only four men ar left in the hand.
2) 8) dialog: Deal to yourself, clown.
2) 10) dialog: I told you not to call me that. (then as the dealer  turns away) Cost you -- (counts out his money) Ninety-four bucks.
2) 12) dialog: (to First Player) Interested?
2) 17) dialog: (indignantly) You can't have better than a pair of  kings!
2) 19) dialog: You seen my hole card, you bastard! (indicating Dealer) He was dealing them high.
2) 20) text: Attending to first things first, The Kid has been pulling the pot, adding it to his own stake, and pocketing the to Now as Danny accuses him again, The Kid looks him squarel in the face.
2) 21) dialog: You stole that dough.
2) 24) dialog: You wouldn't of shelled out ninety- four bucks --
3) 0) text: He is waiting when the door opens abruptly, and Danny app his right hand in his coat pocket. The Kid's hand goes to his own pocket and as he whirls around, a straight razor  appears in it, its blade snapped open. Pushing Danny to t wall with one hand, he keeps him pinned there with the ra in the other, while he bolts the door. Danny gets his rig hand out of the pocket with a gun in it, but The Kid move the razor blade against his neck.
3) 2) text: As the gun clatters to the floor, and the others force th door, The Kid takes a step backward to provide enough  momentum, then swings at Danny's middle with his left,  dropping him, then jumps up on the wash basin and wriggle his way out through a window.
4) 0) text: The conflicting parties from the picket lines have moved The Kid drops from the window to the ground and starts to run toward the railroad yards. A few moments later, Danny and four other poker players appear and run after him.
111) 2) dialog: So it ain't Eric Stone, from the  foundry. It's the Cincinnati Kid  King of the stud poker players.
111) 4) dialog: (moving towards him) We'll start with giving you back  what you gave me.
111) 9) dialog: (as she moves toward  them) Tell her good-bye, sport. You ain't  going any place.
111) 21) text: Danny and the others move up around him. The Kid ignores  them. After a moment Danny swings from behind and knocks to the pavement. He lies there stunned for a moment. They look down at him. Then he comes up. He flattens two in th process of being badly beaten. They leave him.