51) 0) text: He is standing by an elevator in f.g. keeping watch on a of room doors including the site of the poker game. FELIX an impressive physical specimen whose capacity for brutal is masked by a quiet, deferential manner. When he sees a  door open, he moves so as to be out of The Shooter's sigh as the latter comes toward him. It isn't until The Shoote rounds the corner in f.g. and presses the button for the  elevator that Felix makes his presence known.
51) 1) dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Shooter, sir, but Mr.  Schlaegel asked me to remind you how  eager he was to see you.
51) 2) text: The doors of the elevator open. Felix yields precedence t The Shooter and they enter it. The doors close.
52) 0) text: An elevator opens, and The Shooter and Felix come out.
52) 2) dialog: Yes, of course. They always like to  know it if you're going to be late  for supper.
56) 2) text: He hangs up the phone and emerges from the booth. CAMERA  MOVES with him as he joins Felix and they walk toward the hotel entrance.
58) 0) text: An expensive automobile, with Felix at the wheel and The  Shooter next to him in the front seat, approaches the mai house of a lavish estate in a St. Louis suburb. It contin along the driveway past the house.
102) 0) text: Bill and The Kid are sitting at a room-service table. Bil nibbles at some cheese and crackers while The Kid tackles large steak. Felix, the chauffeur, stands in attendance o them.
102) 2) text: He motions to Felix, indicating a wine bottle on the tabl Felix steps over and refills The Kid's glass.
102) 7) text: He makes a peremptory gesture to Felix, who springs forwa to offer the salad bowl to The Kid.
102) 13) text: Felix jumps into action again. He moves to The Kid's side reaches into a breast pocket and takes out a switch blade which he clocks open an inch or two from The Kid's neck. is an extremely ugly-looking and menacing weapon.
102) 15) text: Felix hands the knife to The Kid, who tries it on his ste
103) 13) text: He looks at her a moment longer then moves up the corrido She watches him, then turns. Standing in the open door so distance away are Schlaegel and Felix.
107) 76) text: Shooter looks at him a moment and nods, and taking Melba the arm, moves toward the door followed by Felix.
107) 80) text: Melba starts to protest, but Felix jerks her out the door Shooter hesitates, then follows.