16) 1) dialog: You going to tell The Kid, Shooter?
16) 3) dialog: It's where he's been headed for years.
16) 6) dialog: What you say, Kid?
16) 12) dialog: Oh, one of those.
16) 15) dialog: You're too good, that's your trouble.  People who know you're the Cincinnati  Kid, they don't want to sit down  with you --
47) 0) text: They start on their way again. CAMERA PANS ahead of them a group consisting of Hoban; HOBAN'S WOMAN, still sexy in her forties; PIG, whose name could derive with equal  justification from either his looks or his manners; and S who talks colloquial American with a Central European acc The group as a whole is notable because its members have risen to their feet with everyone else, because all the m are basking in the sun with their shirts off, because the view the action on the field with detachment, and because nevertheless, they are constantly placing bets on details the game. Now, as people around them resume their seats,  Sokal is able to confirm that the fly ball has been caugh
47) 3) dialog: Hiya, Kid. Getting yourself in shape  for The Man? (to Melba) Shooter still on the job?
47) 9) dialog: (to Sokal) Boyer. One to two on the sacrifice.
47) 11) dialog: Mark it.
47) 19) dialog: Bunting, Sokal.
48) 7) dialog: (to Sokal) Chance to invest your profits. Bet  you an even fin he make first.
91) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES to take in the people around him, one after  another. The Shooter is there, and Pig and Sokal and Hoba and Melba and Hoban's woman and a couple of other women w main attributes are physical, and Bill Schlaegel. Out of  town representatives include LADY FINGERS, who is about f down on her luck but still cheerful and remarkably energe and YELLER, a light-skinned Negro who has achieved statur in what is mainly a white man's world, through diplomacy a quick wit. The room is the large living-room of a once  splendid suite; there are enough chairs and couches aroun the walls to accommodate a good many spectators, while th middle of the room has been cleared for a round table wit seven chairs.
91) 58) text: Hoban comes into the SHOT with a dispatch case, which he  sets on the table. He unlocks it with a key and turns it  upside down. Thirty sealed decks of cards spill on the ta
91) 59) dialog: They come from the St. Louis Bridge  Club, but they're poker size cards.  They been bonded by the club steward  and I seen him take them out of the  safe. Shooter, Lady Fingers and me  pick them up and come straight here  with them.
91) 62) dialog: (disturbed) That's him.
91) 66) dialog: (anxiously) Nobody heard from me what the cards  were for, Kid.
91) 132) dialog: Shooter won't stay on a king or an  ace if there's another one showing.
91) 134) dialog: Ten or better. With no other ten  showing.
91) 137) text: Unhesitatingly, The Shooter pulls in the cards, separates them into four or five piles, and tears each pile in two. glances around, and Hoban comes up behind him. The Shoote hands him the torn-up cards and unseals another pack, goi through the same routine of throwing the jokers into his  hat. (TIME LAPSE)
92) 5) dialog: (shrugs) What do you expect first five or six  hours?
92) 7) dialog: Pig's ahead about a grand, Shooter  maybe three hundred. (TIME LAPSE)
92) 21) dialog: Pig don't think so.
92) 34) dialog: He probably thinks Pig's faking the  queens. Anyhow, Doc's liable take  them both with a straight or a flush.
99) 0) text: CAMERA starts on Yeller, who is stretched out on the love with his eyes closed and PANS UP to INCLUDE Hoban, who si at the observation post with the binoculars. Yeller speak without opening his eyes.
99) 2) dialog: Naaa, Kid paired kings. He wins a  hundred.
106) 8) dialog: Mark it.
106) 13) dialog: (excitement in his  voice) The Kid is pushing it and making it  stick.
107) 11) dialog: Fifty to one hundred says Lancey  paired his jacks.
107) 19) dialog: Fifty to seventy-five he's got the  jacks wired.
107) 25) text: The Kid, Lancey, Shooter, Melba, Schlaegel, Yeller, Hoban and others as they realize this could be the big hand.
107) 26) dialog: He'll run. He's beat on the board  anyway you look at it. Even if he  has the jacks it is better than eight  to one against improving.
107) 38) dialog: If The Kid bets into the flush he's  filled up with a queen in the hole.