91) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES to take in the people around him, one after  another. The Shooter is there, and Pig and Sokal and Hoba and Melba and Hoban's woman and a couple of other women w main attributes are physical, and Bill Schlaegel. Out of  town representatives include LADY FINGERS, who is about f down on her luck but still cheerful and remarkably energe and YELLER, a light-skinned Negro who has achieved statur in what is mainly a white man's world, through diplomacy a quick wit. The room is the large living-room of a once  splendid suite; there are enough chairs and couches aroun the walls to accommodate a good many spectators, while th middle of the room has been cleared for a round table wit seven chairs.
91) 5) dialog: Lot of folks been figuring another  reason you was keeping clear of the  three rivers.
91) 7) dialog: Cincinnati Kid. (laughs) That the way it is, Lancey? You been  scared of The Kid?
91) 9) dialog: Damn right you should! I'm telling  you, that boy going to make your  stomach ulcer bleed before the night  is out. He's close to murder. I seen  him give a fella the shakes so bad  on a fourth card, it took a pint of  corn liquor to settle him down.
91) 17) dialog: So you showed up after all. You're a  braver boy than I thought, so much  the worse for you.
91) 19) dialog: Bound to. That Lancey ain't human,  he's one of them barracuda fish.  He's liable to bleed to death, right  on a flush hand before he give up to  you. I seen him gut a fella so bad,  the fella quit and got up and spit  red in the john and went square.
91) 33) dialog: (to Lancey) Did you know Old Cottonhead died?
91) 35) dialog: Heart give out in a high-low game.
91) 91) text: CAMERA PANS to reveal Lady Fingers as she steps from amon the spectators to a place behind Lancey.
91) 92) dialog: Can't afford to play, that's the  real truth. Had a bad year and I'm  way over my edge.
91) 96) dialog: If you don't see me when you need  me, call room three-oh-eight. (taps Lancey's shoulder) You know who else ain't with us no  more? Miriam, widow used to run the  kitchen game to South Chi. Lost two  month's Relief at blackjack, coal  dealer cut her credit, and she froze  in her bed.
93) 3) text: The Shooter's gaze wanders o.s. CAMERA MOVES to FEATURE t objects of his attention, who are Lady Fingers, Lancey an The Kid. The two men would like to talk to each other, bu Lady Finger's is monopolizing Lancey, and he doesn't want offend her.
93) 4) dialog: Spider Man died kind of slow. First  he give them a kidney, then his gall  bladder, and then they taking his  whole damn stomach. You remember  Spider Man, run the dice table down  at Turk's Club to Memphis.
93) 6) dialog: He died kind of slow.
93) 54) text: Lady Fingers is sitting in Shooter's place, rippling and  shuffling the cards. Yeller, Sokal, and The Shooter are a either sitting at the table or standing near it. Lancey,  followed by The Kid, returns to the table.
93) 55) dialog: It's a whole New Deal. Good hands  all around. Prosperity for everybody.
93) 57) dialog: Getting crippled up, Lancey. Not  many of the old gang left. You heard  Whistling Sam was gone?
93) 59) dialog: I was the one got called to the morgue  to identify him. I don't suppose you  seen anybody been run over by a twelve- ton bulldozer.
93) 61) dialog: Don't go out of your way. (TIME LAPSE)
94) 42) dialog: Gettin' to you, Lancey?
98) 48) text: Lady Fingers scoops up the cards, shuffles them into the  rest of the deck, submits it to Lancey for his cut, and d them another two cards apiece -- all in the space of seco The Kid gets a queen, Lancey a nine.
100) 4) dialog: I break.
100) 8) text: Lady Fingers puts down the deck. Picks up a new one.
100) 13) text: Lady Fingers looks at the two men for a long moment. Puts the cards down.
100) 14) dialog: You want to deal? Then deal them  yourselves. I'm going to the john.  I'm going to get something to eat,  and I'm going to take a nap. You  barracudas can snap all you want but  at each other -- I'm taking a break  and if you don't like it you can  both go to hell.
104) 10) dialog: Rising from her chair.
104) 11) dialog: Like Eddie the Dude said on his  deathbed, I'm as ready as I'll ever  be. (TIME LAPSE)
107) 0) text: The second dawn of the contest is near at hand. The room, continuously lived in for so long by so many people, is a shambles of dirty glasses and plates, empty bottles, full wastebaskets and ash trays, and frayed people. At the pok table, Lady Fingers is dealing a new hand.
107) 1) dialog: A jack and a ten. Jack bets.
107) 14) dialog: Pair of tens. Jack, ten of hearts.
107) 22) dialog: One thousand to the tens.
107) 24) dialog: (dealing) A third ten, and a nine of hearts to  the ten, jack.
107) 30) dialog: (finally) Two thousand, five hundred dollars  to the three hearts.
107) 34) dialog: (dealing) A queen of diamonds to the three  tens. (a note of excitement  in her voice) And an eight of hearts to the possible  flush. Possible straight flush. Three  tens bet.
107) 52) dialog: I declare a thirty-minute break.  Leave your cards and money on the  table. The game will start again at  five forty-five.
107) 61) dialog: Are you playing, Kid? You got a half  an hour to raise your stake.
107) 63) dialog: (formally) Gentlemen, this game is over.
107) 83) text: The Kid looks at him, looks at Lancey and Lady Fingers,  wondering about what Schlaegel has said, angry about it.
107) 86) text: Lancey and Lady Fingers join The Kid.
107) 87) dialog: Never thought I'd see the day. You  raising tens on a lousy three-flush.